no_textVOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 11£
CONGRESS IN OPEN REVOLT
AGAINST THE PEACE POLICY
CONGRESS HAS
WON ITS FIRST
GREAT VICTORY
That Is the Result of the Day's
Skirmish Between the Legis
lative and the Executive,
NEW YORK, March 28.— Far more
serious than any one anticipated has
the Cuban-Spanish situation grown to
day. Far more threatening beneath
the surface than on the surface is the
aspect of aiiairs in Washington, Mad
rid and Havana, though on the surface
it is bad enough to make men gravely
apprehensive of the developments of the
next twenty-four hours.
This change has come since noon to
day, when President McKinley sent to
Congress his message on the destruc
tion of the Maine. The plan of the
President to have the Maine question
laid away in committee while diplomacy
dealt with the disaster succeeded be
yond the expectations of the adminis
tration. Not a dissenting voice was
raised. Men of all shades of opinion
and political faith acquiesced.
But there the success of the Presi
dent's plan for easing the Cuban fric
tion, so far as he has any plan, halted.
The reception given the President's
message was, perhaps, ominous. In
perfect silence it was received by the
crowded galleries in both houses. Not
a hand was clapped, not a handkerchief
was fluttered. In absolute silence wa>
it accepted by the members of the Sen
ate.
The applause on the floor of the
House seemed to be limited to about
one man in every ten.
It was when the message came to be
discussed that /he popular verdict was
rendered.' Only the staunch and confi
dential friends of the administration
gave it unstinted praise. Compared with
the men who gave outspoken opinions
against it, these were few. Instead of
going forth, as they did when the $*>.
000,000 bill was passed, and calling Mc-
Kinley blessed, the Washington popu
lace in and out of Congress gave vent
to dissatisfaction.
Not far advanced was the afternoon
when it became apparent that Congress
was disappointed in the message and
that immediate and aggressive opposi
tion to his plan for peacefully feeding
the reconcentrados had sprung into
life. The jingoes became rampant.
The war spirit burst forth. The feel
ings of the men who voted money for
relief as well as for war preparations,
so lontf restrained, took the slant in
the direction of blood and gunpowder,
jingo Sentators and jingo Representa
tives declared that the President had
had his say on the Maine matter, and
Congress had restrained from declaring
.war, but it was now time for him to
The San Francisco Call
THESE MAY SPEAK FOR PEACE OR WAR.
SPAIN HAS YET
MADE NO REPLY.
Copyright, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett
MADRID, March 28.— There
has been absolutely no mention
of intervention In the reply of
the Spanish Government to Mc-
Kinley's note. She answers that
upon the spur of the moment it
was impossible to reply and that
the matter would be considered
in the usual course, that is to
say, at the council of ministers,
which will be held to-morrow.
There are means suggested
which may, as I said before, sim
plify matters and lead all parties
to a satisfactory conclusion.
Minister Woodford at 2 o'clock
this morning received a long ci
pher message from the State De
partment at Washington which,
it is stated, caused great ex
pressions of Joy in his house
hold.
At 4 o'clock this afternoon
General Woodford called upon
the Minister of Foreign Affairs
and after communicating the
Maine finding, which was al
ready known, asked for an inter
view with the Minister of State,
Senor Sagasta. This interview
will take place to-morrow, be
fore the Cabinet Council meets.
The interview with Senor Gullon
'~sted an hour and a half. It is
needless to accentuate the im
portance of this Interview, after
what I said previously. It is
only one degree less important
than the one which will be held
•with the President of the Coun
cil to-morrow. That one will be
historical.
intervene and end the war in Cuba. They
took the ground that his talk about
"feeding or fighting" was all right and
brave enough, but what they wanted
were assurances that he would fight
first and feed afterwards. Many mem
bers of both houses declared that they
would not vote one dollar for relief in
Cuba to be expended by the President
unless it was specified in the bill that
the supplies were to be sent to Cuba in
warships and distributed by the army
and navy. Their object in this is to
force the President to change his plan
and adopt armed intervention, or else
have him send the relief in such a way
Continued on Second Pag*. .
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MARCH 29, 1898 - TWENTY PAGES.
REPORT OF THE
SPANISH COURT
IS MADE PUBLIC
In Direct Contradiction to the
Findings of the American Na
val Officers on the Maine,
WASHINGTON, March 28.— A
full synopsis of the report of the
Spanish naval commission which in
vestigated the destruction of the
battleship Maine is here given by
the Associated Press. It is taken
from a copy of the original report,
which is now on its way here from
Havana, the synopsis being cabled
in the meantime, and to-day placed
in the hands of this Government.
The conclusions are directly opposite
to those in the report of the Court of
Inquiry submitted to Congress to
day. The synopsis is as follows:
"The report contains declarations
made by ocular witnesses and ex
perts. From these statements it de
duces and proves the absence of all
those attendant circumstances which
are invariably present on the occa
sion of the explosion of a torpedo.
"The evidence of witnesses com
paratively close to the Maine at the
moment is to the effect that only
one explosion occurred; that no col
umn of water was thrown into the
air; that no shock to the side of the
nearest vessel was felt, nor on land
was any vibration noticed, and that
no dead fish were found.
"The evidence of the senior pilot
of the harbor states that there is
abundance of fish in the harbor, and
this is corroborated by other wit
nesses. The assistant engineer of
works states that after explosions
made during the execution of works
in the harbor he has always found
dead fish.
"The divers were unable to ex
amine the bottom of the ' Maine,
which was buried in the mud, but a
careful examination of the sides of
the vessel, the rents and breaks,
which all point outward, shows with
out a doubt that the explosion was
from the inside.
"A minute examination of the
bottom of the harbor around the ves
sel shows absolutely no sign of the
action of a torpedo and the fiscal
(judge-advocate) of the commission
can find no precedent for the explo
sion of the storage magazine of the
vessel by a torpedo.
"The report makes clear that ow
ing to the special nature of the pro
ceedings followed and the absolute
respect shown for the extraterritor
ialidad of the Maine, the commission
has been prevented from making such
an examination of the inside of the
vessel as would determine even the
LONDON, March 28.— The Ma
drid correspondent of the Daily
Mail gives a version of the ne
gotiations between United States
Minister Woodford and the Span
ish Cabinet last week differing
somewhat from that siven yes
terday by the Standard's Ma
drid correspondent. He says:
"The, note which General
Woodford presented on Wednes
day was of a comminatory na
ture. It demanded that Spain
put an end to the war in Cuba
immediately, recapitulating the
damage to American interests
and further hinting that the war
was a danger to the public health
of the United States, the contin
ual smuggling between the
coasts of Cuba and Florida be
ing the means of conveying the
yellow fever.
"Spain's reply was energetic.
It declares that the war would
have ended long ago but for the
material and moral help and
support the rebels were contin
ually receiving from the United
States. The Spanish note com
plains of the policy followed by
the United States in demanding
from Spain the termination of
a war which the United
States were virtually maintain
ing by the presence of a squad
ron in the neighborhood of Cuba
and by organizing succor for the
reconcentrados in a manner that
would be offensive to any nation,
as well as by keeping in Havana
a consul who is publicly the
agent and representative of the
rebels.
hypothesis of the internal origin of
the accident. This is to be attribut
ed to the regretable refusal to per
mit necessary co-operation of the
Spanish commission, both with the
commander and crew of the Maine,
and the different American officials
commissioned to investigate the
cause of the accident, and later on
with those employed on salvage
work
"The report finishes by stating
that an examination of the inside
and outside of the Maine as soon as
such examination may be possible,
as also of the bottom where the ves
sel rests, will prove that, supposing
that the remains (of the wreck) be
not totally or partially altered in
the process of extrication the explo
sion was undoubtedly due to some in
terior cause."
THE PRESIDENT IS
CALLED TO CONFRONT
A GRAVE SITUATION
Report of the Maine Court of Inquiry
Made Public With a Message Too
Pleasing to Premier Sagasta.
THE FULL REPORT OF
THE NAVAL COURT
OF INQUIRY.
WASHINGTON, March 28.— The following is the full text of
I the report of the Court of Inquiry:
TJnited States Steamship lowa, First-rate.
KEY WEST, Florida, Monday, March 21, 1898.
* After a full and mature consideration of all the testimony
* before it, the court finds as follows:
* First— That the United States battleship Maine arrived in the
* Harbor of Havana, Cuba, on the 21st day of January, 1898, and
* was taken to buoy No. 4, in from five and a half to six fathoms of
* water, by the regular Government pilot.
* The United States Consul-General had notified the authorities
* at that place the previous evening of the intended arrival of the
* Maine.
Second— The state of discipline on board the Maine was excel
lent, and all orders and regulations in regard to the care and safe
ty of the ship were strictly carried out. All ammunition was stowed
away in accordance with instructions, and proper care was taken
whenever ammunition was handled. Nothing was stored in any
* one of the magazines or shell rooms which was not permitted to
* be stowed there. The magazines and shell rooms were always
* locked after having been open; and after the destruction of the
* Maine the keys were found in their proper place in the captain's
* cabin, everything having been reported secure that evening at 8
* o'clock. The temperatures of the magazines and shell rooms were
* taken daily and reported. The only magazine which had an undue
* amount of heat was the after ten-inch magazine, and that did not
* explode at the time the Maine was destroyed. The torpedo war
* heads were all stowed in the after part of the ship under the ward
* room, and neither caused nor participated in the destruction of the
* Maine. The dry gun cotton primers and detonators were stowed
* in the cabin aft and remote from the scene of the explosion.
The waste was carefully looked after on board the Maine to
* obviate danger. Special orders in regard to this had been
given by the commanding ofiicer. Varnishes, dryers, alcohol and
other combustibles of this nature were stowed on or above the main
£ deck, and could not have had anything to do with the destruction
* of the Maine.
* The medical stores were stowed aft under the ward room and
* remote from the scene of the explosion. No dangerous stores of
* any kind were stowed below in any of the other store rooms.
* The coal bunkers were inspected. Of those bunkers adioin
ing the forward magazines and shell rooms, four were empty,
* namely: 83, 84, 85, 86. Als had been used that date, and Al6
* was full of New Biver coal. This coal had been carefully inspected
* before receiving it on board. The bunker in which it was stored
* was accessible on three sides at all times, and the fourth side at
* this time on account of bunkers B4 and B6 being empty. This
* bunker, Al6, had been inspected that day by the engineer officer
* on duty. The fire alarms in the bunkers were in working order,
* and there had never been a case of spontaneous combustion of coal
on board the Maine.
The two after boilers of the ship were in use at the time of
* the disaster, but for auxiliary purposes only, with a comparatively
* low pressure of steam, and being tended by a reliable watch. These
* boilers could not have caused the explosion of the ship. The for
* ward boilers of the ship have since been found by the divers, and
* are in a fair condition.
* On the night of the destruction of the Maine, everything had
* been reported secure for the night at 8 o'clock by reliable persons,
* through proper authorities, to the commanding ofi&cer. At the time
* the Maine was destroyed, the ship was quiet, and, therefore, the
* least liable to accident caused by movements from those on board.
EXPLOSIONS.
Third— The destruction of the Maine occurred at 9:40 p. m.,
on the 15th day of February, 1898, in the harbor of Havana, Cuba,
being at the time moored on the very same buoy to which she had
been taken upon her arrival.
There were two explosions of a distinctly different character,
with a very short, but distinct, interval between them, and the for
ward part of the ship was lifted to a marked degree at the time of
the first explosion. The first explosion was more in the nature of
a report, like that of a gun, while the second explosion was more
open, prolonged and of a greater volume. The second explosion
was, in the opinion of the court, caused by the partial explosion of
two' or more of the forward magazines of the Maine.
CONDITION OF THE WRECK.
Fourth— The evidence bearing on this, being principally ob
tained from divers, did not enable the court to form a definite con
clusion as to the condition of the wreck, although it was estab
lished that the after part of the ship was practically intact, and
sank in that condition a very few minutes after the destruction of
the forward part.
The following facts in regard to the forward part of the ship
are however, established by the testimony. That portion of the
protective deck which extends from about frame thirty to about
frame forty-one, was blown up aft and over to port. The main deck,
from about irame thirty to about frame forty-one, was blown up
aft and slightly over to starboard, folding the forward part of the
middle superstructure over and on top of the floor part. This was
in the opinion of the court, caused by the partial explosion of two or
more of the forward magazines of the Maine.
Fifth— At frame fifteen, the outer shell of the ship, from a
point eleven and one-half feet from the middle line of the ship and
six feet above the keel when in its normal position, has been forced
up so as to be about four feet above the surface of the water; there
fore about thirty-four feet above where it would be had the ship
sunk uninjured. The outside bottom plating is bent into a reversed
"V" shape, the after wing of which, about fifteen feet broad and thir
CONTINUED ON SECOND PAGE.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, D. C, March 28.
The Republicans of the House
are in open revolt and the indica
tions are that when the resolution
appropriating $500,000 for the re
lief of the Cubans is reported the
recalcitrants will seek to amend it
by tacking on a rider recognizing
the belligerent rights of the
Cubans. They may even go so
far as to attempt recognition of the
independence of Cuba.
It is the general expectation that
the resolution will not be consid
ered until Wednesday, although
Representative Hopkins of Illinois,
leader of the rebellious Repub
licans in the House, said to the
Call correspondent to-night that
the explosion might take place to
morrow. ,
Hopkins was at one time prom
inently mentioned as a candidate
to oppose Reed for the Speaker
ship, and has since then been re
garded as the leader of those Re
publicans who are inclined to rebel
against Reed's dictatorial and auto
cratic rulings. Therefore the in
terview with Mr. Hopkins to-night,
after his talk with a number of
leading Republicans, is significant.
"There's a 'mine' under the
House chamber," said he, "and
as I view the situation all we
have to do is to touch the button
and Czar Reed's arbitrary policy
will be blown to atoms. The ex
pectation is that on to-morrow or
Wednesday the Committee on
Rules will bring in a resolution for
NEWS OF THE DAY.
"Weather forecast for San Fran- <j>
Cisco: Fair on Tuesday; northerly <g>
changing to westerly winds. <§>
Maximum temperature for thai past <j>
twenty-four hours: ; ♦
San Francisco 62 degrees <£
Portland 50 degrees <$>
Los. 'Angeles....'.'. 76 degrees ' <$>
San Diego 70 degrees <g>
<i>
FIRST PAGE. <8>
Congress Revolts Against Peace. <$>
Report of Court of Inquiry. <&
Spanish Court Reports. . <£►
Congress Wins First Battle. J <^
SECOND PAGE. <g>
Message of President McKlnley. •«>
Fake Stories Alarm Wall Street. ;^
The Wreck of the Maine. <fr
Press Opinions on the Message. <•>
S THIRD PAGE. <»
Testimony on the Maine Wreck. . <^
Fear a Riot at Havana. . <$>
Congress Hears the Messagr <»
FOURTH PAGE. V <£
Time for England to Act. -;
Much Gold From Klondike. / <£■
San Rafael Flower Show. «<• «>
San Pedro's Battle Won. Wgßy.^ <&
Fighting San Jose Boodlers. -^.
Anton Seidl Dead. ♦
Clark to Die in June. "^ 4>
Railway Men at San Jose. . _^. <£
Alfred Austin's Poem. . <&
/ FIFTH PAGE. <$►
Blackguard Methods of Rea's Organ. < " <4> ;
Justice Fees to Be Paid Back. <S>
A Great Ranch Suit Ended. <S>
Protest Against Slow Cars. .., , v; <S>
More Guns for the Harbor. "■ " . - ■ ♦
SIXTH PAGE. V <*>
Editorial. . .' < -V ♦
Some Alaskan Problem*, i - >r " " <S>
Protect the Unwary. ';. I J^>
San Mateo Highways. " a -- ♦
The Value of Forests. rij/t^ '5. ♦
Put Down by Plain FacU. r... -"*" ♦
The Cattle Quarantine.' . -- «►
Hymn of the Gold-Seeker*. *. <&
Personals and Queries. - V ♦
SEVENTH PAGE, .■ v ♦
Work of the City Fathers. <§>
Hoft's Defense Declared. j <&
News Along the Water Front. ! <8>
Charter Election Date Fixed. <S>
Wasted All Her Fortune. • ,♦
- NINTH PAGE. <?>
Births, Marriages and Death*. , ♦
TENTH PAGE. . ♦
Another Queer Saving Job. V. <S>
Racing at Ingleslde. ; - • ♦.
Ferry Depot Scandal. S^fiß ***
ELEVENTH PAGE. ■ V' <$>
Variety at Two Theaters. \ <$■
Electric Light Competition. ; •• : «>
Judge Slack's Successor. <S>
TWELFTH PAGE. • <$>
The New Charter. HWH^j
NINETEENTH PAGE. <$>
The Commerical World. , <S>
- TWENTIETH ? PAGE. <$>
Bad Blood in a Mission Army. <S>
News From Across the Bay. . <»
mi in ■■■■iiniii iniiMii' p ii' 1 1"" lrTtrf^ ll ! il'lß rrai'WnßnWimiw A i2
FAKE JOURNALS
THROW BROKERS
INTO A PANIC
false Stories of Peace Cause th>e
Bears of Wall Street to
Hunt Wildly for Cover.
NEW YORK, March 28.— Following the publication of an article
in the Evening Sun to-day to the effect that the President has a
plan for a settlement of the controversy with Spain by a declaration
of six months' armistice between Spain and Cuba, this announcement
being followed a moment later by the glaring announcement in the
Evening Journal which used the Evening Sun's dispatches that Spain
had actually acceded to the President's plan, that armistice would be
declared and that peace was at hand, there was one of the biggest bear
panics that have ever been witnessed in the history of the Stock Ex
change, with dealings on a colossal scale and running up to figures
that have been exceeded only on one or two occasions.
The stories published by the two newspapers appear to have been
absolutely false, and if half of what has come to the ears of well-in
formed men in Wall street is true the original story was concerted
with a view to bringing about a great coup In the stock market.
According to the sources from which the details of the supposed plot
emanated, the newspapers that printed the fake to-day possibly did
not know that it was created for stock-jobbing purposes, but that
these newspapers, in their zeal to get ahead of their contemporaries,
published this story without taking pains to verify it seems to be be
yond doubt. From all that can be ascertained, the armistice story
was concocted right here in New York and its originators intended that
it should be used in connection with a raid on the shorts.
Some well-known brokers said to-day that they knew as long ago
as Friday that there was to be a great demonstration of some kind on
the Stock Exchange to-day. There had been a considerable rise in
prices during the early morning session, a continuation of the raid on
the shorts that was begun on Saturday and apparently with no other
design than a desire of the stronger interests to make the small fry
cover their contracts.
But when the so-called news about the armistice between Spain
and the insurgents came out, and it was boldly announced by the
Evening Journal and one of Wall street's news agencies that peace was
at hand, the bears climbed over one another in their terror to make
good their contracts, and prices jumped up from four to six points,
while some of the specialties recorded sains of as much as eleven
points.
After gains of 11% points had been recorded in Metropolitan street
railway, 9 in sugar, 6*4 in St. Paul, 6% in Burlington, 5% in Rock Is
land, T^j. in Manhattan, 6^ in Union Pacific, preferred, and correspond
ing advances in many other stocks, and after the exchange closed with
a recession of a quarter from the highest prices of the day, the street
was still in the dark as to the exact state of the Cuban situation, al
though it was known that the President had reached no understand
ing with Spain and no armistice had been agreed to.
It was only late in the day that it dawned upon the financial
community that it had been humbugged in one of the worst ways on
record. Glancing at the actual course of the market to-day, out of
total transactions of 855.006 shares, four stocks made up one-half of
the total. These were sugar, 180,000 shares; St. Paul, 109,000; Burling
ton, 90,000. and Union Pacific, 50,000. This is one of the biggest day's
dealings that ever occurred in any of these stocks. As thousands of
shares were not recorded, it is probable that the total reached a mil
lion.
consideration of the bill making
the relief appropriation asked for
by the President. A motion will
then be made for the previous
question and this will be opposed.
The opposition will, 1 think, be
successful in this, for many Re
\ publicans will join the Democrats.
If the motion for the previous ques
tion is defeated it will be then in
order to submit amendments, and
one of them will be for the recog
nition of the Cubans as belliger
ents, or perhaps a recognition of
the independence cf Cuba. A
point of order will likely be made
that this is not germain and it is
expected that Speaker Reed will
sustain this point. An appeal will
then be taken from his rul
ing, and if Speaker Reed
recognizes this right of appeal
(as he should) the House will vote
by a big majority not to sustain
him. My opinion is that unless
the Speaker arbitrarily refuses to
recognize the right of appeal the
House will succeed in attaching a
rider to the appropriation bill
recognizing Cuban independence.
If such action is taken the Senate
will follow suit."
"What would be the effect of
such action?" Mr. Hopkins was
asked.
"War," he replied, "and if the
President is wise he will accept
the inevitable and dispatch our
war vessels to head off the torpedo
fleet before it can reach Havana
harbor."
But, notwithstanding the op
timistic Congressman Hopkins,
there is another side to the ques
tion. The President is fully aware
of the temper of Congress and
realizes the danger. For this
reason he may delay sending his
message until the Congressmen
have cooled off. The President
held a conference to-night with
several Cabinet members and in
timate friends, and the situation
was discussed. What conclusion
was reached could not be ascer
tained, although it is believed that
the President will withhold his
message until Wednesday, at any
rate; and perhaps it may be in
definitely postponed.
There is an additional reason
for that. The Call correspondent
learns that at 4 o'clock this after
noon a cablegram was received
from United States Minister Wood
ford at Madrid conveying to this
Government the satisfaction with
which President McKinley's mod
erate message to Congress to-day
was regarded by the Spanish
Ministry. The President and his
Cabinet are apprehensive that
the publication of this felicitous
cablegram may add fuel to the flames.
Therefore, as stated above, the proba
bilities are that he will thwart the
plans of th« rebels in the House by
I withholding his message until its ter
n pei - has cooled. If he does not do so,
the House is almost certain to- take
radical action. The button will be
pressed and there will be nothing left
of President McKinley's policy of
"peaceful intervention."
Mr. Quigg (R.) of New York, a mem
ber of the Foreign Affairs Committee,
said to-night: "The facts disclosed in
the message are those and only those
which have been anticipated and their
effect upon the public feeling is natur
ally discounted. The President states
them clearly and defines a course which
j becomes the Chief Magistrate of a so
ber, right-Intending and self-confident
people. He is acting with good judg
ment and I, as a Representative, pro
pose to sustain him. War is hideous and
should be resorted to only when no
other course is possible in justice and
self-respect."
Mr. Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio said he
had no comment to make on the mes
sage.
Mr. Livingston (D.) of Georgia: "The
message reads like an apology."
Mr. McMillin (D.) of Tennessee: "The !
message is thoroughly non-committal
and does not acquaint Congress with the
policy of the administration. From the
fact that the President simply trans- !
mits the findings of the board and no
tifies us that these have been laid be
fore the Spanish Government I Judge !
that we are expected to do nothing j
until Spain is heard from."
Representative Cummings of New j
York, a member of the Naval Commit
tee — In my opinion the blowing up of
the Maine ought to be considered one
of the main factors in the case. The |
j Spaniards are proverbial for their
trickery. Their policy is one of delay.
By shunning the issue made by the
I blowing up of the Maine they concen
trate evidence on the issue of feeding
their own starving people. If I under
stand the President the Spaniards are
unwilling that we should take it upon
ourselves to feed these people, and if
they finally agree to allow us to do so
it will be as a special favor to us and re
move all pretext for interference. I
have no comment to make. The Ameri
can people will make their own com
ment and make it so loud that even the
deaf will hear them.
Charles A. Russell of Connecticut, a
member of the Ways and Means Com-
I mlttee — The President's message trans- j
mitting the report and evidence of
the Maine board of inquiry was calm
and dispassionate, befitting the gravity
of the subject. Congress and the coun
try ought to receive this message and
the report as a forerunner of some ac
tion for two reasons: First, exhaust
every effort to preserve peace with
honor to ourselves and justice to Cuba;
I and second, to prepare most effectively
i for war.
Representative Babcock (R.) of Wis
consin, chairman of the Republican
Congressional Committee — The Presi
dent has treated the matter with great
forbearance and has been very con
servative in his action.
Representative Warner (R.) of 1111
! nois — The report settles the question
beyond cavil that the Maine was blown
up by a mine in Spanish waters. The
time for talking on our part has passed.
We should now act.
Representative Foos (R.) of Illinois,
a member of the Naval Affairs Com
i mittee: "The report fails to fix the
j responsibility, but It will be difficult
Ito make the Americans believe that
] Spain did not have something to do
I with It. If armed intervention is to
: take place it should be done on the
! broad ground of humanity."
Representative Dockery (D.): "I have
i not read the findings of the Court of
i Inquiry or the accompanying evidence
I and, therefore, my opinion is based
: solely upon the President's message. I
I confess to a deep disappointment at
I its tenor. Doubtless the language of
i diplomacy calls for respectful phrases,
; but the facts already known to the
i country in relation to the Maine do not,
; it seems to me, admit of any depart
; ure from a strict and simple recital,
! devoid of coloring either way. I do
not know the contemplated policy of
I the administration, but it may as well
be understood now as later that the
people of the United States win dis
I approve of any attempted settlement
I of the Cuban question, involving the
! payment or guarantee of bonds or leav
i ing the Spanish flag floating on the
island, or any action resulting in the
1 feeding of the Cuban non-combatants
: while the Spanish army is fighting: the
I insurgents in the field. The appro
j priation to relieve the starving Cubans
; would be a very proper accompaniment
j of armed intervention."
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MABCII 29, 1898.
THE FULL REPORT OF THE NAVAL COURT OF INQUIRY.
CONTINUED FROM FIRST PAGE.
ty-two feet in length (from frame seventeen to frame twenty-five) is
doubled back upon itself against the continuation of the same plat
ing forward.
Frame eighty, the vertical keel, is broken in two, and the flat
keel bent into an angle similar to the angle formed by outside bot
tom plating. This break is now about six feet below the surface of
the water and about thirty feet above its normal position. In the
opinion of the court this effect could have been produced only by
the explosion of a mine situated under the bottom of the ship at
about frame eighteen, and somewhat on the port side of the ship.
6. The court finds that the loss of the Maine on the
occasion named was not In any respect due to fault or
negligence on the part of any of the officers or members
of the crew of said vessel.
7. In the opinion of the court the Maine was destroyed
by the explosion of a submarine mine, which caused the
partial explosion of two or more of her forward magazines.
8. The court has been unable to obtain evidence fixing
the responsibility of the destruction of the Maine upon
any person or persons.
W. T. SAMPSON, Captain, IT. S. N., President.
A. A. MABIX, U. S. N., Commander, Judge-Advocate.
The court, having finished the inquiry it was ordered to make, adjourned
at 11 a. m., to await the action of the convening authority.
W. T. SAMPSON, Captain U. S. N., President.
A. A. MARIX, Lieutenant-Commander U. S. N., Judge Advocate.
United States Flag-ship New York, March 22, 1898, off Key West, Fla.
The proceedings and findings of the court of inquiry in the above case
are approved. M - SICARD, Rear-Admiral,
Commander-in-Chlef United States Naval Force of the North Atlantic.
COMMENT OF
THE PRESS
Abroad President Mc-
Kinley Is Applauded
as a Statesman.
London Newspapers Say Eng
land Needs Uncle Sam's
Support in the Far East.
Leading Journals in This Country
Are Not Unanimous in Criticiz
ing the Message.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, March 29.— The Times says:
• President McKinley's message is tem
perate and contains nothing that ought
to wound the feelings of the most sus
ceptible Spaniard. It has in no way ver
ified the anticipation that he would throw
down the gauntlet. This is a distinct
gain. It must be admitted, with every
desire to excuse Spain's reluctance to in
creased pressure, that we cannot refuse
our sympathy to the American people. If
such an incident as the Maine's destruc
tion had happened to us, it would have
been difficult even for Englishmen to
preserve their boasted calm. We share
the grief at the loss of the noble vessel
and her crew and we admire the pati
ence and reserve of a democratic govern
ment under provocation and public ex
citement. The sentiments of England for
America, which we hope are reciprocated,
are expressed in the laureate's cordial
verses."
The Standard says: "With a report so
inconclusive and a Presidential message
so cordial toward Spain, the latter should
be able to make suitable amends. There
fore war on that issue need not be ap
prehended. Still, the situation is exceed
ingly grave. The danger is not passed.
Let the United States continue in their
patient mood. Their interests in Cuba are
not great enough to make it worth their
while to break t-e peace of the world."
BERLIN, March 28.— The Vossische Zei
tung says: "The most dangerous is the
second demand, namely, under the cloak
of humanltarianism to aim at direct in
terference in Cuba. The Washington
Government in that goes beyond limits.
Spain can make no concessions without
humiliation and loss of dignity, but if
America insists upon these demands
swords will be brought out of their scab
bards."
The Tageblatt remarks: "The American
jingoes underrate the injuries which a
war will bring upon America."
The Boersen Courier says; "With an
earnest desire that an understanding may
be reached, even without mediation, dip
lomatic circles still count on this as being
the best solution so long as neither one
nor the other has taken the irredeemable
step."
The Berliner Post in its comments says:
"President McKinley will doubtless do
everything to avert war, but popular sen
timent may decide to the contrary."
SENTIMENT IN
THIS COUNTRY.
What the Leading Papers of the East
Have to Say About the
Message.
NEW YORK, March 2S.— The morning
press will comment as follows on the
President's message to-morrow:
The Herald says: Spain must under
stand from diplomatic and other develop
ments of the last few days that she
stands at the parting of the ways. So far
Christian people are concerned there is no
wish for war. Peace was never more
requisite. The situation in Cuba is no
longer war or insurrection, nor even an
outbreak. It has degenerated into mas-
sacre and starvation. There must be
humane intervention. Humanity Imposes
the mandate and will applaud the mis
sion. From this policy there will be
neither departure nor appeal. Spain
must decide."
The World says: "The President's mes
sage is inadequate, a disappointing and
chilling document. This trust in Spanish
'Justice' and 'honor' cannot have been
drawn from the history of Spain nor
from any manifestation of Spanish
character in Cuba. But what has the
President to say as to the 'course of ac
tion' required by our Government and
reparation demanded by our sense of
honor and justice? Why is the initiative
left to Spain? Is this the way that Eng
land proceeded at Alexandria or Germany
at Hayti? Is this what any first-class
European power would do in like circum
stances? There is a time to stop delib
erating and proceed to action. This time
has come in the Spanish-Cuban crisis."
The Tribune says: "It is the voice of
patriotism and of statesmanship. The
President sees that the case is one to be
dealt with diplomatically until either it
is satisfactorily settled or the resources
of diplomacy are exhausted. Those who
are in the vast majority believe that the
destruction of one ship and of hundreds
of lives can be atoned for In some better
way than the destruction of other ships
and hundreds or thousands of other
lives."
The Journal says: That is absolutely all
the comment the President has to make
upon an act of murderous treachery that
stands alone in modern history. He has
less to say about the destruction of an
American battle-ship and the murder of
266 American sailors than he would say
about a proposition to fill Potomac flats.
He humbly holds out his hat at Spain
and trusts that she will drop into it some
thing satisfactory to us or at least to her
self. And this is what we have been arm
ing for so ostentatiously in the sight of an
admiring world. It is for this we have
been scouring the military markets of
Europe and painting our warships a
greenish gray.
TO EXAMINE
THE MAINE
Naval Officers Who Will
Decide as to. Abandon-
ing the Wreck.
Divers Not Anxious to Remain
at Their Perilous Task
Much Longer.
Sines the Use of Dynamite Is Denl«d,
the Work Cannot Bo Carried
On Wiih Success.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 28.— The Bache left
Havana for Key est at 4 p. m. with
Captain Chadwick and Captain Cowles,
who, with Lieutenant-Commander
Wainwright, were named to decide
whether it was desirable to proceed
further with the work of wrecking the
Maine. The committee has secured the
necessary information, and while work
on the wreck is going on and will be
continued, the plan first decided upon,
which included the raising of every
portion of tliA phip possible, has been
Abandoned. W> sh^t the wreckers and
divers will continue work for the pres
ent and recover such guns and material
as are still valuable enough to pay the
heavy cost of getting them up. The
Fern remains, but work will proceed
slowly in the absence of permission to
use dynamite. It is the opinion of both
naval officers and wreckers that the
commission's decision will mean little
more work to b> done, the ten-inch
guns may be raised, but even those
may be abandoned because of the dif
ficulty of reaching and raising them.
The task of the divers is perilous in
the extreme, and as the top hamper
cannot be cut away by dynamite lives
might be sacrificed, and are How hourly
endangered by submarine caves. The
tug Underwriter is expected to-night
with a barge to carry off some of the
material recovered and not taken by
the Mangrove and Bache. The wreck
ers are not at ai anxious to continue
work. They feel anxiety regarding the
continued stay in these waters and say
the wreck will long resist th&ir efforts
as dynamite is barred.
Deep interest is felt here in the news
received to-day from the United States.
La Lucha, in an editorial, says: "The
United States note to Spain demanding
that a date be fixed to end hostilities
is simply a dec -ration of war. It was
not issued until after the finding of the
United States Court of Inquiry had
been received which finding is without
scientific basis ar. 1 is open to question
even upon the part of the most pre
judiced. President McKinley has been
forced by jingo opinion and the sensa
tional press to close the debate on the
question and to shield Captain Sigsbee,
who is one of the most popular officers
in the navy. It was needless to send
the Maine to Havana, as American in
terests were amply protected by Gen
eral Lee and also by the Cuban Govern
ment, the latter often acting to its dis
advantage and in favor of American
interests."
Continuing, La Lucha remarks: "It
is well for Spain to know at last the
real purpose of money-loving Ameri
cans. Spain now knows what to ex
pect and how to act."
La Lucha then warns the United
States that if she expects to have all
her own way In Cuba "she can only do
so with cannon." In conclusion La
Lucha says: "The United States is
rich and Spain Is poor, but the Yankees
may find Spain with a good portion of
American money."
La Lucha also quotes General Lee as
denying the report published in Mad
rid to the effect that he was connected
with an alleged syndicate whose pur
pose is said to be the purchase of
Cuba. The Consul-General says, ac
cording to La Lucha, that he attends
only to the Interests of Americans,
never mixes wth outside matters and
never had any communications with
the insurgents, except when he tried
to save the life of the late Lieutenant-
Colonel Ruiz, which step was taken
with the consent of Captain-General
Blanco. In conclusion General Lee is
quoted as expressing the hope that
peace will prevail and that all ques
tions in dispute will be arranged In the
interests of both nations. About 700
troops have arrived here to-day from
Spain. •_■
Spain Buys the Giralda.
LONDON, March 28.— A London bro-
ker who had an option on Mr. McCal
mont's steel yacht Giralda, informs the
correspondent of the Associated Press
that she was sold to-day to Spain for
about 60.000 pounds. She was offered
to the United States, but was de
clined.
Lighters Pressed Into Service.
NEW YORK, March 28.— A New Ha
ven special to the Evening Post says:
Every lighter in New London harbor
has been engaged by the Government
to transport materials to Plum and Gull
Islands, where fortification work is now
going on night and day without Inter
mission.
THE PRESIDENT'S
MESSAGE TALKS
ONLY OF PEACE
Submits the Report of the Court
of Inquiry and Leaves the .
Rest to Spain's Honor.
WASHINGTON, March 28.— The
President to-day sent the following mes
sage to Congress:
To the Congress of the United States:
For some time prior to the visit of the
Maine to Havana harbor our Consular
representatives pointed out the advan
tages to follow a visit of national ships
to the Cuban waters, in accustomingthe
residents to the presence of our flag as
the symbol of good will and of our
ships in the fulfillment of the mission
of protection to American interests,
even though no immediate need there
for might exist.
Accordingly, on the 25th of January
last, after a conference with the Span
ish Minister, in which the renewal of
visits of our war vessels to Spanish
waters was discussed and accepted, the
peninsula authorities at Havana were
advised of the purpose of this Govern
ment to resume friendly visits at Cuban
ports, and with that view the Maine
would forthwith call at the port of Hay-
ana. This announcement was received
by the Spanish Government with ap
preciation of the friendly character of
the visit of the Maine and with notifi
cation of the intention to return the
courtesy by sending Spanish ships to
the principal ports of the United States.
Meanwhile the Maine entered the port
of Havana on the 25th of January, her
arrival being marked with no special
incident besides the exchange of cus
tomary salutes and ceremonial visits.
The Maine continued in the harbor
of Havana during the three weeks fol
lowing her arrival. No appreciable ex
citement attended her stay; on the
contrary, a feeling of relief and con
fidence followed the resumption of the
long interrupted friendly intercourse.
So noticeable was this immediate effect
of her visit that the Consul-General
strongly urged that the presence of our
ships in Cuban waters should be kept
up by retaining the Maine at Havana:
or, in the event of her recall, by send
ing another vessel there to take her
place.
At forty minutes past 9 o'clock in the
evening of the 15th of February, the
Maine was destroyed by an explosion,
by which the entire forward part of the
ship was utterly wreckt.l. In this catas
trophe two oucers and 260 of her crew
perished, those who were not killed
outright by her explosion being penned
between decks by the tangle of wreck
age and drowned by the immediate
sinking of the hull. Prompt assistance
was rendered by the neighboring: ves
sels anchored in the harbor, aid beine
especially given by the boats of the
Spanish cruiser Alfonso XII and the
Ward line steamer City of Washing
ton, which lay not far distant. The
wounded were generously cared for by
the authorities of Havana, the hospitals
being freely opened to them, while the
earliest recovered bodies of the dead
were interred by the municipality in the
public cemetery of the city. Tributes
of grief and sympathy were offered
from all official quarter of the island.
The appalling calamity fell upon the
oeople of our country with crushing
force, and for a brief tirre an intense
excitement prevailed, which in a com
munity less just and self-controlled
than ours must have led to hasty acts
of blind resentment. This spirit, how
ever, soon gave way to the calmer pro
cesses of reason and to the resolve to
investigate the facts and await the ma
terial proof before forming a judgment
as to the cause, the resoonsibility, and.
if the facts waranted, the remedy due.
This course necessarily recommended
itself from the outset to the executive,
for only in the light of a dispassionately
ascertained certainty could it determine
the nature and measure of its full duty
in the matter.
The usual procedure was followed,
as in all cases of casualty or disaster
to national vessels of any r aritime
state. A Naval Court of Inquiry was
at once organized, composed of officers
well qualified by rank and practical ex
perience to discharge the onerous duty
imposed upon them: and by a strong
force of wreckers and divers the court
proceeded to make a thorough investi
gation on the spot, employing every
available means for the impartial and
exact determination of the causes of the
explosion. Its operations have been
conducted with the utmost deliberation
and judgment, and, while independently
pursued, no source of information was
neglected, and the fullest opoortunitv
was allowed for a simultaneous inves
tigation by the Spanish authorities.
The finding of the Court of Inquiry
was reached, after twenty-three days of
continuous labor, on the 2ist of March,
and. having been approved on the 226.
by the commander-in-chief of the Unit
ed States naval force on the North At
lantic station, was transmitted to the
executive. It is herewith laid before
the Congress, together with the volum
inous testimony taken before the court.
Its purport in brief is as follows:
When the Maine arrived at Havana
she was conducted by the regular Gov
ernment pilot to buoy No. 4, to which
she was moored in from five and a half
to six fathoms of water.
The state of discipline on board and
the condition of her magazines, coal
bunkers and storage compartments are
passed in review, with the conclusion
that excellent order prevailed and that
no indication of any cause for an in
ternal explosion existed in any quarter.
The facsimile ■ -Yiy^ y/^TT^ST* to on every wrapper
«ignatur« of <J***ffi&cZM <* CASTOKIA.
At 8 o'clock in the evening on Feb
ruary 15 everything had been reported
secure and all about was quiet. At
forty minutes past 9 o'clock the vessel
was suddenly destroyed.
There were two distinct explosions,
with a brief interval between them. The
first lifted the forward part of the ship
very perceptibly; the second, which was
more prolonged, is attributed by the
court to the partial explosion of two or
more of the forward magazines.
The evidence of the divers estab
lishes that the after part of the ship
was practically intact and sank in that
condition within a very few minutes
of the explosion. The forward part was
completely demolished. Upon the evi
dence of concurrent external cause the
finding of the court is as follows:
At frame 17, the outer shell of the
ship, from a roint eleven and one half
feet from the middle line of the ship
and six feet above the keel when in its
normal position, had been forced up so
as to be about four feet above the sur
face of the water; therefore, about
about fifteen feet broad and thirty-two
be had she sunk uninjured. The out
side bottom plating is bent into a re
versed V shape, the after wing ofwhich,
about fifteen feet broad and thirty-two
feet in length (from frame 17 to frame
25), is doubled back upon itself against
the continuation of the same plating
extending forward. At frame 18 the
vertical keel is broken in two and keel
bent into an angle similar to the angle
formed for the outside plates. This
break is about six feet below the sur
face of the water and about thirty feet
above its normal position. In the opin
ion of the court this effect could have
been produced only by the explosion of
a mine situated under the bottom of
the ship, at about frame 18 and some
what on the port side of the ship.
The conclusions of the court are:
That the loss of the Maine was not in
any way due to the fault or negligence
on the part of any of the officers or
members of her crew.
That the ship was destroyed by the
explosion of a submarine mine, which
caused the partial explosion of two or
more of her forward magazines; and
that ro evidence has been obtainable
fixing the responsibility for the destruc
tion of the Maine upon any person or
persons.
I have directed that the finding of the
Court of I-nquiry and the views of this
Government thereon be communicated
to the Government of her Majesty the
■Queen, and I do not permit myself to
doubt that the sense of justice of the
Spanish nation will dictate a course of
action suggested by honor and the
friendly relations of the two Govern
ments.
It is the duty of the executive to ad
vise Congress of the result, and in the
meantime deliberate consideration 15
invoked.
WILLIAM McKINLEY.
Executive Mansion, March 28, 1898.
CONGRESS HAS
WON ITS FIRST
GREAT VICTORY
Continued from First Page.
as to provoke Spain to armed resist
ance.
Not very much time was required to
make it clear that a serious change had
come over the situation. The Presi
dent's desire has been to have a united
Congress at his back in all the nego
tiations. Here was a break. It is plain
that the jingoes had brought on serious
complications. Quickly the news trav
eled to the White House, and it had
the effect of disturbing the President
seriously. Unless the attitude of Con
gress could be changed the whole fab
ric of the President's aspirations would
come tumbling down. The President's
dream of a united Congress was surely
dispelled. He had not been anticipat
ing opposition to the sending of relief
without warlike conditions, and a prop
osition had been laid before him by the
peaceful financiers of New York. Bos
ton and Philadelphia, looking to the
raising of the money by private sub
scription. This would accomplish the
President's humanitarian desires, but
what effect would it have on the coun
try, and what effect would it have on
Spain?
The President to-night is consulting
with members of Congress seeking to
smooth out the tangle. He has been
in conference with Allison, Gorman,
Hanna and Aldrich. Representatives
have called. It is thought that Reed
can fight the appropriation through the
House without a warlike order being
put in. The Speaker was evidently pre
paring for the fray to-day when to at
tend the late Representative Simpkins'
funeral he appointed four members of
the Foreign Affairs Committee. Berry
of Kentucky, Elliott of Massachusetts.
Cousins of lowa and Newlands of Ne
vada. This will take them away from
the House for a few days.
The State Department's instructions
to Minister Woodford were to say that
the United States would gladly encour
age any plan which would end the Cu
ban war. General Wpodford was in
structed to get tl^ best offer the Span
ish Government iould make, and it
would be considered.
There are indications here that the
Republic of Franc, in pursuance of
the policy outlined^ the speech of M.
Hanotaux. Minister of Foreign Affairs,
in the Chamber of Deputies last Satur
day, is soon to apptir with an offer of
mediation on the whole general sub
ject of Cuba and the ilainc.
A movement in ths direction is ex
pected daily. I find a sentiment in the
Cabinet is not entirel) favorable to the
mediation of any Euupean power.
There are hints, too, of other moves
on the international cfcss board. The
eyes of the diplomats d the world are
watching Austria as wll as France.
Some significance was aso attached to
a call of Sir Julian Pauiceiote on the
Secretary of State to-day I must add
here that Senators Gormai and Allison
were sent for by the President because
they are the chairmen respectively of
the Democratic and Repubican caucus
committees. The President wanted to
know of the Senators whether Congress
could not be induced to grant an ap
propriation without conditions which
might bring on trouble. He wis frank
ly told that Congress had passed be
yond control of any one who wanted
to act on Cuba in any way short of ac
tual intervention. The Presidert said
Spain had suggested an armistice unt:«
October.
The Senators told him that ererv
body must see that would be d1"?*1?d 1 "?* 1 ?
against the interests of the United
States. An armistice would not be ac
cepted by the Cubans. When October
comes, the need of intervention might
be more urgent than now, and by that
time Spain would have a cordon of war
ships around the island to keep the
United States out.
The President visibly weakened when
this was said to him. When the Sena
tors told him that he roust also insist
that the reconcentrados be released and
returned to their homes, he said he
would be in favor of that
Thus at midnight it looks a» though
Congress had won in the first engage
ment with the President.
Miles Goes to Cleveland.
WASHINGTON, March 28. — General
Miles, commanding the army, accom
panied by his aide. Captain Maus, left
here to-night for Cleveland. Ohio.
POWER.
The feeling of power is as splendid a one
as there is in the world. When you know
that you are equal to any task that may be
placed before you, you cannot but feel proud.
But how few men there are in the different
stations of life who are full of it. Much
fewer than you would imagine. Loss of
strength is caused in men from causes too
numerous to mention. Over-exertion is one
of the commonest. An individual, instead of
exercising all of his functions in equal pro-
portion, uses some to excess. And as a mat-
ter of consequence he begins to get weak.
But there is at least one way in which he
may recover his strength. It is by using the
"Hudyan" treatment. If he does he will
pass through the following stages :
V : The power is Coins! fast. ' ■ v*
X Prematureness always. . *■*
O ' Loss stopped. w
V Confidence returns. w
''■'. Health and full vigor again. -«-'
But beware. "Hudyan" can be had on\\
from Hudsonian doctors, and it is the one
thing that will restore to you your full and
perfect health. If you have abused your
rights granted you by Nature do not be dis-
couraged. "Hudyan" will give you your
power back. Send for free circulars and
testimonials showing what it has done for
20,000 other sufferers. You can have medi-
cal advice free, too, if you will but ask for it.
And then, again, if there is any blood taint in
your body ask for "30-Day Blood Cure" cir-
culars. They are free, too. That remark-
able cure expels all traces of the poison from
your system and makes you as clean as a
new-born babe. It is as certain to cure all
such cases as "Hudyan" is to restore
power:
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STB.,
6an Francisco.
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. Ho. 10 Third St.
■ STAMPED on A shoe MEANS STANDARD OF UEfiT?
'" ______ '**
i THE BEST VALUE I
8 ' Ever offered in this city. Ladles' fine &
v~ dark Chocolate Kid Lace Shoes. . with r*
*•* embroidered silk vesting tops. ■ New coin ~J
« toes and. tips. The latest style and the Q
CD nobbiest fitter. THE PRICE. $2. We w
\k defy competition. - All sizes and widths W
w Call and eet estimates on Klondike «
*"* Footwear ; before . purchasing elsewhere. **
C< .We have the largest ' and best-selected &
C~ stock in this city. «
** Country orders solicited. • Q*,
« Send for New Illustrated Catalogue ■' &
** Address ~
O B. KATCHINSKI, H
& PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., °
B 10 Third 6t., Son Francisco. °
B « » « » p a ! p ! a» » «« STESTIMONY
TAKEN BY
THE COURT
The Disaster to the Maine
Shown to Be Solely
Due to Treachery.
Brave Men Who Escaped Death
on the Battle=Ship and Other
Witnesses Prove an Ex=
ternal Explosion.
WASHINGTON, March 28.— The im
rr ;nse mass of testimony taken by tin?
J'aine Court of Inquiry was sent to the
• c to-day, and with the President's
ige and findings of the court re
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Re
lations. The testimony Was taken on
eighteen different days, the fourteenth
day and over being devoted to viewing
the wreck. Every witness who was
known to have any information that
could throw light upon the great dis
aster was called to give his testimony.
The story of the destruction of the ves
sel is to-day not graphically given, but
In a manner which gives all the ob-
tamable facts. No technical detail is
omitted. Every movement and mci
dent connected wi%h the Maine from
the time she teft Key West until the
last diver examined the wreck slowly
sinking in the mud of Havana harbor
is Btated.
It is a story' intensely interesting to
the people. Those who read it could
have litt'r rioutit as to whether there
was an internal <>r external explosion.
Perhaps the most significant testimony
la that showing the bottom plates >n
the port side of the 111-fated Maine to
be bent inward and upward, a result
that hardly could have followed any
thing save an explosion from the out-
A nia.s.; of testimony is sub
mitted, showing thf care exercised on
board the ship by Captain Sigsbee and
his officers, and th<- apparent impos
sibility of accident occurring by an in
ternal cause, such as the heating of
bunkers, spontaneous combustion or
other causes upon which so many the
ories w ■ re !>;'.s<-i].
The testimony of Captain Sigsbee Is
of the greatest importance and per
haps is of more general interest than
that of any other man called. "With ;
nd minuteness ne gives
an account of the management of the
ship, how she was handled, how she
! Into Havana, her anchorage and
what he knew about it and, in fact, '■
every point upon which the Govern-:
• and the country desires t«- Ik> in
formed. Nothing in Captain Slgsbee"& I
• shows that ihe anchorage was
< hungred or that it was considered n.m
f-• . me.
md In Importance of the testimo- !
• Oaptaii Sigsbee Is that of Knsign
Powelson, who had charge of the divers
and knew from day to day what th" di
vers found. This officer was minutely
informed as to the construction of the
Maine and everything about her. If is
aony was to a certain extent tech
nical, bearing upon the construction of
ship, her plates, etc., but it was
from these plates and this technical
knowledge that he was able to declare
that the explosion took place from the
ie. The divers, Morgan. Olsen and
Smith, all contributed important evi
dence. They testified that the plates
were bent inward on the bottom port
side and outward on the starboard side.
Nothing in the testimony fixes re-
Bibility, but although conspiracy is '■
apparent, no knowledge ot the planting
of a mine is shown. Captain Sigsbee
states that a somewhat bitter feeling
existed against the American ship and I
Americans generally, and a witness j
whose name is suppressed tells of over- j
hearing a conversation among Spanish
Officers and a citizen indicating a fore
knowledge of the destruction of the
Maine by intention to blow her up. An
official of the American Consulate tells
tf information received anonymously
sending to show that a conspiracy ex
isted. But nothing was definitely stat
ed which fixes any responsibility upon
Spain or her Rubjects.
CONSUL-GENERAL FITZHUOH I,EE ap
irt March 8. His testi
mony related to the .official formalities pre- ;
cedlrie the Maine's arrival. On January 24 he |
received a nst-ssup- from the State Department !
- that tb..- Maine WO 1 1 • 1 !.•• sent t"i Ha
vana on a friendly visit to resume the regu
lar status of naval relations between the two
lea, and he was ordered to make ar
.■nt at the palace for the interchange
• lal courtesies. After a call at the pal
sent the State 1 "eparlment a message
laying: "Authorities profess to think the
: States has ulterior purposes in sending j
the ship. Say it will obstruct autonomy and
. excitement, and most probably a dem
onstration. Ask that it be not done until they
get instructions from Madrid. Say that if
friendly purpose, as claimed, delay is unim
portant."
It was too late, however, the Maine having
already sailed. She arrived next day and re
: her .arrival at the State Department.
CAPTAIN Sir.SBKE in testifying before the
f'mirt of Inquiry said that he assumed r.im
mand of the Maine April 10, ISST, and that his i
phip arrived in the harbor of Havana the last
time January 24. IS!*. The authorities at Ha
vana knew of the Maine's coming. <"onsul-Gen
tral Lee having Informed the authorities ac
•or<!lng to official custom. After he took on an
pilot sent by the Captain Of the Port
y Havana, the ship was berthed intheman-of
var anchorage off the Machina, or the Shears,
and according to his understanding It was one
of the regular buoys of the place.
H<- then stated that h»- bad b.-en In Havana
.■n 11-:?I 1 -:? and a-.-ain in 1898. He could not state
whether the Main'; was placed in the usual
for man-of-war, but said that, he had
remarks since the explosion, using Cap-
Ki ln Stevens, temporarily in command of the
A:ir.] line steamer City of Washington, as au
thority for the statement, that he had never
in ail his experience, which covered
visits to Havana for five or six years, a man
kf-war to be anchored at that buoy; that he
tad rarely known merchant vessels to be an
hored there, and that it was the least used
tuny in the harbor. . ,
in describing the surroundings when first
this buoy, Captain Sigsbee stated
that the Spanish man-of-war Alfonso XII was
• 1 in the position n'.u- occupied by the
p ern • vanl? to the northward and
westward of the Maine. The German ship
•■ehored at tho berth now oc
by the Spanish man-of-war I^e Pappe,
which Is about 400 yards about due north from
the Maine. He then located the German man
of-war Charlotte, which came into the har-
B"r .i flay or two later and which was anchored
I • louthward of the Maine's berth about
tOO or 500 yards. . _
In ii.- rtbfnjr 'he surroundings at the rime ot
the explosion Captain Sigsbee stated that the
Ugl • was .i.lm and still. The Alfonso XII
> 1..-rth. The small Spanish
lispatch boat I-e Caspe had come <,ut the day
and taken the berth occupied by the
i man-of-war, th« Grlesenau, which
ha.', left. Thl steamer <"ity ol' "Washington was
anchored at. i:t 200 yards to the south and
the Maine's stern, slightly on the port
quart
The Maine coaled at Key West, taking on
about 160 tons, the coal being regularly mi
i from the Government coal
pile. This i .. ■ v.:,> placed generally in the
forward bunkers No report was received from
the Chief Engineer that any coal had been
very long in the bunkers and that the fire
alarms in the bunkers were sensitive.
The regulations regarding inflammables and
paints <m board, Captain Sijrsnee testified.
were Btrlctly carried out in regard to storage
and that the waste also was subject to the
same careful dlspositli n. As to the situation
of the pnint room, he fixed it as In the "eyes
of the ship." just below the berth deck, the
extreme forward compartment. The inflamma
bles were stored In chests according to the .
j WOODFORD SURE OF PEACI
Copyrighted, lf>9S. by James Gordon
Bennett.
MADRID. March 29.—Al
though the American Minister,
General Woodford, sturdily re
fuses to be interviewed, it has
come to my knowledge that he
saw this morning a prominent
gentleman in Madrid to whom
he stated that he was entirely
confident an early and effective
peace would soon be assured be
tween Spain and the United
States, a peace that would be
consistent with the honor of the
Spanish people and that would
secure justice to Cuba and ef
fective protection to the great
American interests in that is
land.
regulations and when Inflammables were in
excess of cheat capacity they were allowed to
. >pt in the Dathroom ol the Admiral's
cabin.
Regarding the electric plant of the Maine.
lin Sigsbee stated that there was no se
rious grounding nor sudden tlaring up Of the
lights before the explosion, but a sudden and
ti tal >■■ lipse. As for regulations aftv 'ting the
taking or the temperature of the magazines,
et . Captain Sigsbee stated there were no spe
clal regulations other than the usual reguia
tli ns required by the department. He exam-
Ined the temperature himself and conversed
with the ordnance officer as to the various
temperatures and the contents of the maga.
?.::..■.- and according to th>* opinion of this of
ficer, as well as Sigstx>e, the temperatures
w.-n- never at a dangerous point.
"I do not think there was any laxity in this
direction," said the captain, replying to a
tjuestion of Judge-Advocate Marix. He had
do recollection of any work going on In the
magazine or shellrooms on the day of the ex
plosion. The keys were called for in the usual
way on the day In question and were properly
returned. At the time of the disaster the two
after berths in the after flreroom were in use
because the hydraulic system was somewhat
leaking.
Shaking generally of the relations with the
Spanish authorities. Captain Sigsbee stated
that with the officials they were outwardly
cordial. The. members of th^ autonomistlc
council of the Government, however, .seem to
have !>routht to the attention of the Navy
Department the fact that he did not visit them,
at:.! that fact brought embarrassment t« the
Government at Washington. He took the
ground to the department that it wa_s unknown
etiquette to call on the civil members of tike
colonial Government other than the Governors.
Without waiting for such an order. Captain
■ made B visit afterwards, and, as he
states, was pleasantly received, and his visit
was promptly returned by certain members of
the council. A party of ladies a.n<l gentlemen
called ni'.il the President of the council made
a speech which Captain Sigsbee could not un
derstand, but which was interpreted to him
briefly, to whom he replied.
"My reply," said Captain Sigsbee, "was
afterwards printed in at least two papers in
Havana, but the terms marie me favor auton
omlsttc Government in the island. I am In
formed that the autonomistie government In
Havana Is unpopular among a large class of
Spanish and Cul>an residents. I have no means
of knowing whether my apparent interference
In the political concerns of th<» island had any
relation to the destruction of the Maine.'
When asked whether there was any demon
stration of animosity by people afloat, Captain
Slgrabee said that there was never on shore
as he was Informed, but there was afloat. He
related that on the first Sunday after the
Maine's arrival a ferry boat, crowded densely
with people civil and military, returning from
a bull fight at . Reg-la, passed the Maine, and
about forty people on board indulged In yell
ins, whistling' and derisive calls. During the
stay in Havana Captain Sigsbee took more than
ordinary precautions for the protection of the
Maine by placing sentries on the forecastle and
poop, quarantine and signal boys on the bridge
and on the poop.
A corpr^al of the guard was especially in
structed to look out for the port gangway,
and the officer of the deck and quartermaster
were especially Instructed to look out. for the
starboard gangway; a quarter watch was kept
on deck all night; sentries' Cartridge boxes
were filled, their arms kept loaded, a number
of rapid-fire ammunition kept In the, pilot
room and In the spare captain's room and un
der the after . superstructure were kept addi
tional supplies of shells, close at hand for the
second battery; steam was kept up in two boil
ers instead of one and positive instructions
were given to watch carefully all the hy
draulic guns and report defects.
He said he had given orders to the master
at-arms and the order to keep a careful eye
i m everybody that came on board and to care
fully observe any packages that might bo held,
on the supposition that dynamite or other high
explosive might be employed, and afterward to
inspect the routes these people hail taken and
not to lose sight of the order. He states that
very few people visited the ship, IJcutenant-
Conunander Walnwrlght being rather severe
on visitors. There were only two or three of
the Spanish military officers who came on
board, but, according to the captain, they
were constrained and not desirous of accept
ing much courtesy. This visit was during the
absence of the captain. He said he made
every effort to have the Spanish officers visit
the ship to show good will, according to the
spirit of the Maine's visit to Havana, but
with the exceptions stated no military officers
of Spain visited the ship socially.
Captain Pigsbee then went Into details re
garding the precautions In force, and espe
cially In relation to quarter watches, which,
he said, had never been rescinded. One of
the cutters was in the water at the time of
the accident and' one of the steam launohes
was riding at the starboard boom. The cap
tain said that the night was quiet and warm,
.ml that he remembered hearing distinctly the
echoes of the bugle at tattoo, which was very
pleasant. Stars were out. the sky, however,
being overcast. The Maine at the time of
the explosion was heading approximately
northwest, pointing toward the shears. He
was writing at his i.ort cabin table at the
time of the explosion and was dressed.
He then went Into a description of the m
plosion when he felt the crash. He character
ized It :is a bursting, rending- and crashing
sound or roar of immense volume, largely me
tallic in Its character. It was succeeded by
a metallic sound, probably of falling debris.
a trembling and lurching motion of the ves
sel, then an Impression of subsidence, at
tended by an eclipse of electric lights and In
tense darkness within his cabin. He thought
Immediately that the Maine had I n blown
up and she was sinking. He hurried to the
starboard cabin, but changed his course to
the passage leading to the superstructure. Then
he detailed the manner of meeting: Private
Anthony, which is much the same as has been
published.
Lieutenant-Commander Wainwrig-ht was on
deck when Captain Sigsbeo emerged from the
passageway, and turning: to. the orderly he
asked for the time, which was given at 9:40
p. m. Sentries were ordered placed nhout the
ship and the forward magazine flooded. He
called for perfect silence. The surviving offi
cers were about him at the time on the poop,
f T > • was informed that both forward nnd after
magazines were under water. Then came faint
cries and white floating bodies in th» water.
Boats were at once ordered lowered, but only
two were found available, the gig and whfile
boat. They wer" lowered and manned by offi
cers and men, and by the captain's directions
they left the shin and helped to save the
wounded jointly with other boats that had ar
rived on the scene. Fire amidships by this
time was burning fiercely and the spare am
munition in the pit of the house was explod-
Ing-.
At this time lieutenant-Commander Waln
wright said he thought the 10-inch magazine
forward had been thrown up Into' the burning
mass and might explode. Everybody wan then
directed to ,get Into the boats over the stern,
which was done, the captain getting lnt« the
els and then proceeding to the City of Wash
THE SA^ FKAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 29, 1898.
ington, where he found the wounded in the
dining salon being carefully attended by the
officers and crew. He then went on deck and
observed the wreck for a few minutes and
gave directions to have a muster taken on
board the City of Washington and other ves
sels and sat down in the captain's cabin and
dictated a telegram to the Navy Department.
Various Spanish officials came on board and
expressed sympathy and sorrow for the acci
dent. The representatives of General. Blanco
and of the admiral of the station were among
the Spanish officials who tendered their sym
pathies. About four or five men were found
that night who survived.
By the time Captain Sigsbee reached the
quarter deck it was his impression that an
overwhelming explosion had occurred. When
he came from the cabin he was practically
blinded for a few seconds. His only thought
was for the vessel , and he took no note of the
phenomenon of the explosion. In reply to the
direct question of whether any of the maga
zines or shell rooms were blown up the Cap
tain said It was extremely difficult to come to
any conclusion. The center of the explosion
was beneath and a little forward of the con
ning tower on the port side. In the region of
the center or axis of the explosion was the
six-inch reserve magazine, which contained
very little powder, about 300 pounds. The ten-
Inch magazine was in the same general region,
but on the starboard side. Over the ten-inch
magazine In the loading room of the turret
and in the adjoining passage a number of ten-
Inch shells were loaded. According to Cap
tain Sigsbee it would be difficult to conceive
the explosion Involved the ten-Inch magazine
because of the location of the explosion and
that no reports show that any ten-Inch shells
were hurled Into the air because of the ex
plosion.- The captain went Into details as to
the location of the small ammunition. He said
that he did not beleive that the forward
magazine blew v- The location of the gun
cotton was aft. under the cabin. The gun
cotton primers and the detonators were always
kept in the cabin. ' Ho stated that he had ex
amined the wreck himself, conversed with
other officers and men, but as the Spanish
authorities were very much averse, to an In
vestigation except officially on the grounds,
as stated by th- Spanish Admiralty, that the
honor of Spain was involved, he forbore to
examine the submarine portion of the wreck
for the cause of the explosion until the day
the court convened. He Bald the discipline of
the ship was excellent. The marine guard
was in excellent condition. The report of the
medical department shows that about one man
and a quarter per day were on the sick list
during the past year. In the engineer's de
partment the vessel was always ready and al
ways responsive. lie paid a tribute to the
crew and said that a quieter, better natured
lot of men he had never known on board any
vessel in which he had served. He had no
fault to find with the behavior of any man
at the time of the disaster and considered their
conduct admirable.
■ On his ' examination by the court Captain
Sigsbee said that the highest temperature
that he could observe was 112, but hat was In
the after magazine, the temperature In the
forward magazines being considerably lower.
There was no loose powder kept in the mag
azine. All the coal bunkers were ventilated
through air tubes examined weekly by the
chief engineer, and were connected electri
cally to the annunciator near his cabin door.
The forward coal bunker on the port side was
full. Th" forward coal bunker on the star
hoard side was half full, and was being used
at the time of the explosion.
Captain Sigsbee being recalled stated' that he
had detailed Lieutenant-Commander Waln
wright. Lieutenant Hnlman and Chief Engi
neer Holman, all of the Maine, to obtain In
formation In relation to any outsiders who
might have seen the explosion. Captain Sigsbee
also gave as his opinion that If coal bunkers
A-16 had been so hot as to be dangerous to the
Fix-Inch reserve magazine, this condition
would have been shown on three sides where
the bunker was exposed, and that men con
stantly passing to and fro by It would have
necessarily noticed any undue heat.
Captain Sigsbee was recalled and examined
as to the ammunition on board the Maine. He
stated that there were no high explosive gun
cotton, detonators or other material in maga
zines or shell rooms which the regulations pro
hibited. He testified that no war heads had
been placed on torpedos nince he had ccKsanand
of the ship.
ENSIGN W. V. X. POWELLSON was called
the third of the court. He testified that he
had been present on the Maine every day from
the arrival of the boat Fern and during a
great deal of the diving.
In reply to a question to tell the court all
about the conditions of the wreck he said the
forward part of the ship forward of the after
smokestock had been to all appearances com
pletely destroyed. The conning tower lay in
a position opposite the door leading to the
superstructure aft and to starboard, Inclined
at about 110 degrees to the vertical, with the
top of the conning tower in board. Continu
ing, he described with close detail the condi
tion under the main deck on the port side.
The fixtures were completely wrecked, while
fixtures In th«> same position on the star
board side were in some cases almost Intact.
The port bulkhead between the main and
borth deck at the conning tower support had
been blown aft on both sides, but a great deal
more on the pert than on the starboard side.
* The fire room batch. Immediately abaft of
the conning tower bad beep blown In three di
rections, aft, to starboard and to port. The
protective decks and the conning tower sup
ports were bent In two directions, the plates on
the -.<'■!.:",! side being bent up and on the
port side bent down.
In ii'i'ly to an inquiry whether he meant
with reference to their original positions. En
sign Powellson replied nfflmatlvely. The beams
supporting the protective deck, a few inches
abaft of the armored tube, to port of midship
line, was bent up to starboard of the midship
line. Just forward of the conning tower, un
derneath the main deck two beams met at
right angles: one beam was broken and push
ed from port to starboard. A grating was
found on the poop awning just forward of the
after searchlight.
The piece 01 side plating just abaft of the
starboard turret was visible. This plate was
bent outward and then the forward end bent
upward and folded backward upon ltseir. This
plate was severed from the rest of the plating
below the water- line. This plating below th •
water line had been pushed out to starboard.
The gratings of the engine room hatch were
blown off. A composition strainer was picked
up from the bottom, on the starboard quar
ter, at a point about opposite the poop capstan
and about thirty feet from It. The chief en
gineer thought the trainer was from the fire
men's washroom. There was not a strainer
In the ship's side. Near the piece of outide
plating which was referred to above, he said
there were pieces of red shellacked
planks. On these planks was bolted a com
position track two inches wide and an. inch
thick.
Ensign Powellson asked If the court meant for
him to say anything about what the divers
reported, or Just what he saw.
The Judge-advocate replied that he would like
to have him state any important discoveries
which might lead the court to draw some con
clusion as to the cause, and if a diver gave
such information, to state the diver's name.
Before doing so the Judge-ad.vocate asked
witness to state If the forward and after part
of the ship were in line. Ensign Powellson
replied that as far as he could Judge, they
were not. The end where the explosion oc
curred seemed to be pushed from port to star
board from five to ten degress. he should
Judge, with the apex to the starboard. • The
divers reported to witness .that at a point where
the ten-Inch shell room should he they dis
covered the ten-inch shells regularly arranged,
but the ship Rank down so low that some of. the
shells were in the mud.
Gunner Morgan reported that In walking
on the bottom he fell into a hole on the port
side and went down In the mud. He also re
ported, as far as he could Judge, everything
seemed to be bent upward In the vicinity of
this hole. He also reported that the plates
seemed to have been pushed over to the star
board and then bent down.
Ensign Powellson then said that a powder
tank that he saw appeared to be an empty
tank, broken by the explosion, as .It was not
badly dented and merely ripped" the length of
the seam. The ten-Inch tank was badly bat
tered out of any conceivable shape.
Continuing, the witness said the divers, up
to the night before he was then on the stand,
hail not been on the outside of the ship. The
mud was too deep for them to walk on the
bottom. . ■'■*: ':■
"What is the condition of the starboard tur
ret witness was asked.
"To my knowledge, it has not been found
sir," was the reply.
He understood something had been found
under the place where the turret formerly
was, but Its exact character had not been de
termined.
"About what impression Is produced lpon
your mind?" Ensign Powellson was askel.
"From the ship alone, or of the appearance
of the wreck?"
"Either from such reports or the condition
which you believe to exist."
"The Impression produced upon me," replied
the 'witness, "is that an explosion tjok pl.i"e
well to port of midship line and at a point
in the length ' about • opposite the conning
tower."
Witness then replied to further questions
that bis opinion was based upon the observa
tion of things above water. He gave no weight
to Morgan's statement about falling into a
hole ■ ii the port side, because Morgan might
have been mistaken all the time, Referring to
his notes made of things on the Maine, Knsifrn
Powellson said that the arch of the engine
room, telegraph and the shaft r.f the. steering
gesr coming down through the armored tube
(turret) was bent from port to starboard. Tht
port side of the protected dec-K was covered
with a greasy deposit, the stirboar-1 side be
in" comparatively free from !t.
The forward smoke pipe between the main
and superstructure decks did not show any
Sikhs Of the Internal pressure of gases. . On the
main deck forward of the conning: tower, where
the foie and aft. angle bulb was located, the
planking was blown off on the only remaining
plate of the main deck on thp port side, while
the wood was still attached to that part of the
starboard side between the conning tower
base and the turrets. What witness saw would
Indicate that the pressure lifted the protec
tive deck on the port side and the protec
tive deck on the starboard Fid« held fnst and
bont that deck downward. "Witness here ex
hibited two sketches to the court showing a
diagram of various parts of the .sunken ship
and explained them to the court.
The witness' ■ evidence about the strip on the
starboard side of the outside t plating of the
ship, which was folded and rolled backward
was recalled to him. Powellson said he could
see the plate bent outward as if It was only
two • feet under water where the breaK oc
curred. Witness had taken soundings and had
found five fathoms of , water on both sides of
the Mnine down to the mud. Taking a four
teen pound lead line, and dragging with a
wherry for obtructlons on the port • side, • drag
ging- close to where he thought the  water
ways would 'he found, he found ■no otmru>.—
tlons whatever. On the starboard side he found
obstructions for twenty feet where , he had rea
son- to believe -the waterways had originally
fcetn. . :
In answer to puestlons Powellson said there
FEARS OF RIOT AT HAVANA
NEW YORK, March 28.— A
Washington special to the Her
ald says: Havana's quiet is in
danger of being disturbed by an
other outbreak such as occurred
in the Cuban city just before the
late second-class battleship
Maine dropped anchpr in its har
bor.
Consul-General Lee cabled to
the State Department to-day
that the situation was critical.
There is danger of further riots
growing out of the intense anti-
American feeling among the
Weylerites.
In the light of General Lee's
dispatches the administration
authorities are now quite as
much concerned about the situa
tion in Havana as they are over
the fear that Congress will at
tempt to force the hand of the
President. It is now regarded as
one of the danger points of the
situation. The Navy Depart
ment is keenly on the alert. The
State Department transmitted
Consul-General Lee's message
to Secretary Long and he at once
informed Captain W. T. Samp
son, commander-in-chief of the
fleet at Key West, of the char
acter of its contents.
Captain Sampson is in direct
communication with Consul-
General Lee and at the slightest
sign of trouble a message from
the Consul-General to the naval
officer will result in the arrival
of a man-of-war in Havana har
bor within four hours.
was rothlng left of the port plating at all. He
dragged along the outside to see If anything had
fallen out, ani found nothing. Witness thought
the ship on the port side was entirely gone
opposite a point indicated in a diagram hand
ed to the court It was entirely blown up.
This concluded Ensign Powellson's testimony
on the third day. Knslgn fowellson was re
called on the sixth day, when he said since his
last testimony he had read a book of specifi
cations from the Maine. Refreshing his mem
ory from these records he said the plate on the
protective deck were only one inch thick,
weighing forty pounds per square foot.
Knslsn PowelUon, wishing to give some tes
timony rejtaidink the condition of the wreck.
Gunner's Mate Olsen, the diver, was admitted
In ord-jr that he might correct any erroneous
statement, the two having worked together.
Povver.-on said that on February 23 Diver Wil
sjn reported to him that on coning up from
b^low he had followed the forward ana aft
winjr* of Uk V-sha:>e, made by .he bottom
plating at frame 15. and said the forward
win? of th? V the plates ran down on a very
steep clan' and then turned under and out
under the starboard side; that just above where
the plates turned to go under the starboard
side he fi.und two dents as if the plating had
teen bulged lr between the frames from out
side in. The court asked the size of these two
dents.
Powellson replied that they were about two
and a half feet long and bulged in about six
inches. He further testified that Olsen again
went down and again came to the surface at
11 o'clock, saying he thought he had found the
flat keel. Olset. had reported that > the keel
was eloping downward about 45 degrees and to
port, with the after part of the keel upper
most. He said h< had explored the after wing
of the V and had found a semicircular hole
about two feet below the rivet holes all around
IC He f-aid tret a semicircular hole was about
twenty feet in m the top from the V made by
the bottom lifting. He said the plate pre
sented a jagged appearance, as if It had been
torn, and that a crack had extended from
the bottom edge o.' the semicircular hole In
a distance of about eight Inches, and that the
rlates about the hole were bent away from
the green fide of the plating, Powellson con
tinued, Oioen tdd him he had found a hole
cut vi a flute twenty-five feet from the H.xtk'9
ill the V, and exhibited a sketch showing that
the Iced line wna found by him sloping down
about Gm ut'Kree* below the horizontal and to
port. .. i <
Th* point T«)>ere he had found the keel was
alout twenty fie* under water. He had not
followed the k*ej at that point, as the plating
between was wee'eed and . .'.ened out so th«.t
>v bad nothing '■• su»6ort him. .~ "■ : '" " 'J
s Powellson said Olsen testified that about
twenty feet from the sluice valve he found an
opening in the ship's side. He had found
boarding near the sea suction in apartment
AiO. about 21 feet from the .sluice valve, in an
almost vertical position, although it was orig
inally horizontal.
"If you consider the section of the shin be
tween frame 18 and 33." continued Powellson,
"and consider that part of the bottom Homing
between irame 18 and frame 13 is bent out a
right angle, and then that the whole section
is turned forward M degree?, you will ••ieture
the position in which the plates a,"" now
found. This plating could either have been
shoved out from the after side or it could have
been pushed in from the forward side. The
only indication as to how this was dpne is the
wooden boarding. If the after part of the
plating had been pushed out trom the inside
the boarding would have been broken at the
angle which the plate* make. If the forward
part of the plating had been pushed in. the
boards would have bt-^n pulled away from the
after plating as Is the case with the plates
now."
The Judge Advocate asked .wells.in how he
looked upon Olsen's testimony In view of his
knowledge of the Maine and the- drawings of
the vessel. He replied that he regarded it as
extremely accurate.
The Judge Advocate asked Powelison what
he deduced from all this testimony received
from the diver that forenoon, together with
what information as he had had before Pow
ellson replied that he thought the explosion
occurred on the port side where about
frame 18, center of Impact. The ship yielded
at 17 and also at 15, but it was pretty' hard
to say exactly where the impact came. Frame
15 was blown in.
"How do you account for the Immense dam
age done abreast ' the reserve magazine
where there is nothing left, whereas between
frames 16 and 18 you have found damaged
plates?" Powellson was asked.
■My idea." he replied, "la that after the
ship was raised up at frame Is. the magazines
one or all of them, after that were exploded'
for some powder tanks that I have seen I
•think were exploded, while others I have seen
were not exploded. I saw a r.>ff e e can tnat
was brought up this morning which was as
badly battered as most of the powder cases
that came ui>. It looked in very much the
same condition."
"When you say some of the powder tanks
in your opinion, exploded, ami some had not!
do you refer to 6-lnch tanks only, or 2-Inch
tanks also?"
"I refer to both, as I have s«>en a 6-inch tank
that was very little ripped open, and I saw
one this morning that had been first opened
and flattened out, with evidences of burnt
powder in It. 1 saw one 10-inoli tank that was
scarcely battered at all, and only the head of
it gone. I also saw 10-inch tanks with the
packing which looked like |w>wder unburnt, so
that in my opinion some, but not all, of the
10-inch and 6-inch charges were exploded."
Powellson said four or five tanks had be*i
brought 'up that morning, but he did not see
all of them. The only one he remembered
seeing was exploded and burned out so that
the case formed almost a plain surface. The
10-inch tank had its head removed, but it had
preserved its approximate shitpe.
When questioned further as to what he re
garded as the cause of the Injuries, Powellson
said: "On the bottom, where the frame was
thrown up. it would seem to me that force
was communicated some distance through the
water, "because it was llfed up instead of be
ing battered in.' It was a force that was
cushioned in some way, because the diver tells
me there was a bulge in the plates between the
two frames, and such a force as that would be
a cushion pressure. So the plates In thnt
part of the ship having been broken in the
explosion may have occurred aft. and the
frames forward of the transverse armor being
weaker than they are aft. the ship might have
been lifted up there by this cushion pressure
from further, aft.
"It struck me." continued Powellson. speak
ing of the same part of the vessel, "that the
mine there could not have been very close to
those plates that were lifted up. because, as
I say, the plates are not fo much damaged or
bent in the form of a V and raised ui> a ver
tical distance. It srems to me that the mine
was somewhat removed and the pressure came
through the waters which produced that cush
ion-sort of pressure."
Ensign Powellson was recalled on February
2Ti and showed the plans of the Maine frnrii
which he had identified the bottom plates that
were blown up through the upper deck. The
finding of these plates on top of the wreck,
clear above water, was among the first and
most Important point* °' evidence clearly dis
proving the possibility of an internal explo
sion. After minutely describing the bottom
plates, with their green ceiling of paint and
other marks by which they wore identified.
I'owellson stated that they must have been
blown up 38 or 39 feet to reach their present
position.
Heside.s the bottom plates. Powellson found
some peeves from the bottom compartment
lodged in the angle of the bottom plates that
protruded above the water. The berth deck
over this bottom compartment was also on top
of the wreck and 20 feet forwnrd of tlv i| a tes
while this section of the main deck has dis
appeared. The diver who had beea working
for Powellfion on this investigation informed
him that he had found the ammunition for the
six-inch macazine pushed over to the star
board side.
Ensign Powelson was recalled on the eleventh
day and described the reports made to him
by' the divers, which were afterward directly
testified to before the bonrd.
"March 5." testified Powellson, "I sent Olsen
down the piece of keel, the vertical keel, to
make further explorations of the ten
inch magazine. He went down to where the
keel became horizontal at frame 23, walked aft
about twenty-five feet and climbed over a lot
of wreckage consisting of plates and bulkheads
Mandir-K upright. These upper ends were rag
ged and he crawled over them to what li 3
thought was a part of a boiler. He could not
| Rive definite details, but he thought It was a
j boiler. A little after this he walked out to
port clear of the ship in the mud. He was
at this time forward of the break of the sh:\.
at frame 41. Returning about ten feet, he found
wreckage. He examined tins plate and {pund
it curved, as if It was a part of the ship. It
pointed toward the starboard bow, but it was
so dark .he could not distinguish the color. All
the edspg of the plating were rough. The <*om
: partment seemed to be three and a half or
i four feet wide. Forward from this point he
found a Fix-inch tank. It was intact It
proved to bo a full tank. He found a lot of
broken tanks split on the seams. In one tank
at the cover, which has holes in it. he found
a lot of mud, which was brouslit up and
which looked like dissolved powder. There
was' any quantity of similar mud in the same
place. The mud around the tanks was black,
thfit of the harbor gray.
Powellson was recalled on March 15, and ex
; plained how he got the data for his sketches,
; which played such an important part In the
I work of the court. He said he sent divers
! down at various points along the line of the
keel as !t lay broken and twisted on the harbor
! bed. Then he got in a boat and located the
points on the keel by a lead line. In the wreck
; he established stations at the mainmast, the
I port crane, the smokestack and so forth, and
i from these bases he would get the bearings
I by angles of his lead line as It rested on the
! Ueel and othi-r points of the wreckage under
water. Thus he was able to plat a ma,) of the
; wreck both above and below water that was
mathematically correct. By comparing th.s
with the original plans of the ves=el it was
| possible to tell just how much and In what
i direction any part of the Maine had been dis
: torteil by the explosion without relying on un
; der water' estimates by the divers.
PRIVATE WILLIAM ANTHONY of the
United States Marine Corps, whose coolness at
the time of the explosion in reporting to Cap
tain Sigsbee has become the theme of admira
tion throughout the world, was the next wit
ness.
He testified that he had the first watch from
8 to 12 o'clock on the night of the explosion.
There was drill that day, and it was not
necessary to open the magazines. In response
to questions. Private Anthony told his story:
"I was standing on the main deck just out
' side the door on the larboard side. I first
noticed a trembling and buckling of the decks
and this prolonged roar— not a short report,
but a prolonged roar. The awningrs were
' spread and where the wing awning and the
i quarterdeck awning Should Join there was a
| space of at least eighteen inches. I looked
I out and saw an Immense sheet of flames, and
j then I started toward the captain."
"Did you notice any perceptible list to the
ship at the first shock?"
"At the first shock the ship Instantly— that
in, the quarterdeck, where I was standing—
: dipped forward and to port Just like that (In
dicating it). It apparently broke in the middle
i like that (Indicating) and surged forward and
i then over to port."
Witness said the upshoot of the flames he
saw was well forward. "It must have been
i forward of the superstructure. I could see the
debris going up with it. I do not know what
it was, but I saw firebrands going up."
"Was it on the port or starboard side?"
"It looked more to port than it did to star
1 board. It looked like it covered the whole
I ship. It was an Immense glare that illumined
i the whole heavens for the moment, as much
as I could see for the awnings."
"Did you see any water with it?"
"I did not notice that, sir. I started for the
cabin at once.'
1 This closed the brave marine's testimony.
CHAPLAIN JOHN CHIDWICK was In his
i room on board the night of the occurrence.
He said: "I heard a loud report and every
thing became dark. The electric light? wert
out. and there was a crashing sound of things
falling. I rushed on deck and got to the cir
tain's poop, where I saw thp captain giving
his orders. After trying to cheer up the men
who wore crying out in the water for help I
w.is ordered by Lieutenant Jungen to go into a
boat, which I did. He rowed around ihe ship
and picked up one man. Then at the cap
tain's instance we pulled for the ship City of
Washington."
Asked how many shocks he felt, witness said
j he remembered only one.
; PIGMUNP M. ROTHSCHILD, one of the
passengers on the City of Washington, was an
pyf> witness to the explosion. In company with
his friend, Louis Wertheimer. who was aboard
• the City of Washington on- the night of Feb
ruary 15. as she sailed into Havana harbor,
i he w«s on the stern of the Washington,
which lay astern and on th^ port side of th<»
Maine. The vessels were about a huniirM
yards apart. Rothschild said he was naturally
Interested In the Main*- and had taken a po
sition where he ODUiu get a good look at her.
Just as he had takf-n his eyes off her to move
, his chair, there was a sound like a cannon
shot In the darkness. Hi' Immediately looked
; toward the Maine. He saw the forward end
of the vessel rise, he thought, a couple of feet
! out of the water. An instant later came a sec
; ond distinct explosion. '
' This seemed to burst from the interior of the
vessel forward in a dull .flame, and the nir
i was instantly filled with flvlng debris. The
vessel lurched back In the water after the force
i of the first detonation that had lifted her bow
and quickly bep-an to sink forward. In l^ss
I than a minute her bow had disappeared. The
wreck took fire and burned for two hours.
. There were single reports that kept up
throurrh all that time, and the fixed ammuni
tion was reached by the flames, but these were
I not to b" confused with the two big explosions
\ that had destroyed the Maine.
There ■ was no doubt about the separation of
; the first two explosions, an Interval of two
; seconds at least separating them. The much
I discussed section of cement that fell on the
■ deck of the Washington was two Inches thick
and weighed thlrtv pounds. The engineer of
! the Washington showed it to me. Pieces of
I iron stove In some of the Washington's boats
: and delayed the work of rescue. Other wreck
1 age was hurled clear over the Washington.
The boats of the Spanish warship Alfonso
\ XII. he said, were prompt to go to the rescue,
j and were aided by the searchlights.
CHIEF GUNNER'S- MATE OLSEN of the
I United States steamship lowa told how he had
j been sent to Havana for the purpose of doing
i diving duty on the wreck. He had de
j scended four time*, making about eight or
! nine hours .of total examination. Olseri told
how on his first descent he went over the* for
ward part of the ship. To use his own ex
j pression, he said: "I found the wreck all
i blowed up. I found a lot of grate bars down
! there."
Asked If he imagined himself looking for
! ward, he stated that he did. Going over the
' plates he struck Into a lot of . 6-inch shells
i with the slings on them. Going to the right,
I witness stated he found a lot of wreckage. It
seemed to have been blown over the starboaru.
Olsen stated that he put his hands into the
cracks and brought out several 6-pounder
shells.
The next time he went down Olsen testified
he went outside the ship, forward of the crane
on the port side. He followed the bottom along
and found that the ship's side waa blown out
i board, and alongside the crane it could be
j walked on.
"At the part where she was blown up com-
I pletely,' witness said, "part of her bottom
plates are turned up. Then you follow the bot
tom from there up and the plates are blown
! outboard. At the top and underneath the bot
j tom they are blown Inboard and bent in. About
1 three feet forward of that spot there was a
I piece of iron lying along the bulkhead. The
skin of the inside of the double bottoms is
' curled like a sheet of paper Inboard from stem
I to stern. Amidships on the same place there
! is an armor plate, one plate complete, the -top
of the plate standing up. The plate is in
' clined over the starboard completely. It stands
up with the thick part of the plate down. It
is Inclined forward and over the starboard.
■ LOUIS WERTHEIMER, a tobacco dealer of
New York, who was a passenger on the
steamer City of Washington. In Havana har
bor the night of the blowing up of the Maine,
the moment of the explosion was in the stern
of the Washington and was looking directly at
the battleship when the explosion occurred.
"I beard a report," said Werthelmer, "and
at an Interval of anywhere from five to fifteen
seconds following the first report came a great
explosion. In the hurst of flame which fol
lowed I clearly and plainly saw the vessel
rise In the water, apparently about three yards
out then settle down before the light of the
■ explosion went out. The whole thing was over
' so quickly that I cannot hazard a guess as to
the length of the time."
CAPTAIN FRANK STEVENS, of the City
of Washington, testified that he ■ was stand-
Ing amidships of his ship where he could look
I toward the Maine when she was blown up.
He heard a dull, muffled explosion and com
motion as though it was under the water, fol
lowed instantly by a terrific explosion, light
ing up the sky with a dull red blaze and fill
ing the air with missiles which fell around
him He felt a trembling- of the ship at the
last of the explosions on the Maine. There was
a decided Interval between the first and second
noise of the explosions. He was not stand
ing where he could see the Maine lift.
LIEUTENANT - COMMANDER RICHARD
W VINWRIGHT testified that the regulations
In regard to the paints and inflammables and
other precautions were strictly carried out on
hoard ship. Every possible care was taken
to avoid incident. All visitors were r.ci>itmi,:-;<!
before being allowed to come on board the
ship Nobody was allowed unaccompanied.
Special lookouts were required at night. No
unauthorized boats were allowed to approach
There was fine discipline, obedient crew,
"quiet men." He was in the captains office
at the time of the explosion. He r.Mfa vciy
P-?vere^shock and heard the noise of falling
objects on deck. He thought the ship was be
ing fired on. He was told by the captain to
see that the boats were lowered. iHe saw a
few men, mostly officers. He saw no reason
to flood the magazine, because the water was
coming up. He saw fire forward. 80-its be
gan to crowd around the wreck He induced
the boats to take the wounded to \iiiTerent ves
sels. He ordered a list taken of the saved
and' wounded. There was excellent discipline
; after the explosion. Orders. were followed with
the promptness of a drill. He .was at - the
! wreck at daylight the following morning. He
took a giK with Lieutenant ' Hood and a few
men and attempted to board the wreck. He
was warned off by an armed Doat's crew of
Bpop'urds and then pulled a. > tad the wreck.
Th«>re was still some burning fr.v<inoi.t<i. ,;-i
On the sixteenth day Commanlir Wain
wTight • said: : "Nearly « all th » powder chows
signs of having been sutjec-ed to r.utsldr pres
pur«*3..ap if pressed against the powder . in«-Jde,
rvd tl elr ends are also crushed In. I saw. two
Bix-l.ieh tanks. that were opened a', '.hi? seams
and weie pressed down flat.": a* If by the ex
ertion of considerable force. '
CONGRESS
HEARS MR.
McKINLEY
Message of the President
Presented to Senate
and House.
Among the Representatives and
People Assembled There
Was Most Significant
Silence.
NEW YORK, March 28.— A Washington special to the Telegram
says: Senator Morgan has prepared a declaration of war which he pro
poses to introduce at the meeting of the Committee on Foreign Relations
next week. When the Senator was invited to the White House last week
he informed the President that he would not hesitate to declare war
against Spain without regard to the Maine incident. Now Senator Mor
gan intends to make good his suggestion by offering a resolution declar
ing war against Spain, in committee Wednesday, and let the cpmmittee
consider the subject. He says he believes the majority of the commit
tee will favor such a proposition.
Senator Frye of Maine, who is one of the most vigorous members
of the committee, says he is in favor of calling the committee to
gether at once, and holding it in session until it submits a report to the
Senate in favor of Cuban independence.
WASHINGTON, March 28.— A scene
of intense interest was presented in the
Senate to-day when the President's
message transmitting the findings of
the Maine Court of Inquiry was re
ceived. The galleries were packed to
the doors and the attendance of Sena
tors was quite as large as it has been
at any time during the present session.
Eager to ascertain the full findings of
the court, scores of members o-f the
House after the adjournment of that
body, had hurried to the Senate cham
ber and the floor was crowded with
them.
When the reading of the President's
message was begun, silence was so
marked all over the chamber that one
might have heard a pin fall. Through
out the reading of the message and the
findings of the court there was not the
slightest demonstration.
At 12:01 Executive Clerk Pruden car
ried to the Senate the President's mes
sage transmitting the long and much
desired report of tM Court of Inquiry.
As Major Pruden was recognized by
the Vice- President there was a hush in
the chamber, a majority i-f the spec
tators expecting that the message and
report would be read to the Senate im
mediately.
Routine business, however, was taken
up for a time.
At 12:17 Morgan of Alabama demand
ed the reading of the President's mes-
sage.
Instantly there was a hush in the
chamber. V ice-President Hobart at
once laid the message before the Sen>
ate, and its reading was begun The
closest attention was given by every
person within hearing.
At the conclusion of the reading of
the message Davis of Minnesota, chair
man of the Committee on Foreign Re
lations, amid a buzz of whispered con
versation, rose and requested that
the findings of the Court of Inquiry be
read.
At the conclusion of the reading Da
vis moved that the message of the
President, the findings of the Court of
Inquiry and the testimony taken before
the court be referred to the Commit
tee on Foreign Relations and ordered
printed. It was so ordered.
Lodge of Massachusetts introduced a
resolution that 2000 additional copies
of the message, findings and testimony
be printed for Use of the Senate. The
resolution was agreed to.
Senator Money then spoke of the Cu
ban situation. He said that the task
he had set himself was perhaps one
of supererogation, as Senators Procter,
Gallinger and Thurston had already
presented to the Senate the conditions
in Cuba as they had seen them. Their
statement*? were concise, brilliant and
eloquent, and while he did not hope
to add much to the information they
had furnished, he felt it his duty to
speak, and to speak now.
Money said he was willing to go to
any extent to feed the starving, clothe
the naked and relieve the sick upon
that unhappy island, but he was satis
fied no definite results could be ob
tained by the employment of such
means alone. He said he was certain
that while Weyler was a willing in
strument he was in fact only an in
strument in the hands of a higher
power — a power that had deliberately
determined upon a plan of starvation
and extermination. The frightful and
inhuman scheme had originated in the
brain of Canovas, the all-powerful
Prime Minister of Spain, who preceded
Sagasta.
"That plan of reconcentration and
starvation and death declared Money,
"was deliberately planned, with the
definite and distinct purpose in view of
ADVERTISEMENTS. __; ;
oo oooopoobooooooooooooooooooooooooo
i AWAY WITH DRUGS! •
o Here Is a Grand Remedy o
° '/O^^^ Which Has Earned o
© <s aP^^^ the Praise of the £
o y^^f- Nation. °
O * , **"!.''•" /* Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is a simple O
OkO k "^s* / remedy. Giving the life born of electric- ; O
O " '"'/ In *° weak nerves; it arouses them to O
® ■/ "^ . renewed energy. It awakens dormant O
O \/-y^ - strength and gives fresh vigor to the O
/•'!'< • mf J%rji//X^\^ body. O
*r/ -^^B^r VIT CURES WHEN DRUGS FAIL. S
O -^^^Iv^'/f'- "V Drugging is a habit. Stop it. Let ®
® V^^^^^^^',^ /< nature restore the energy to your stom} . ®
« y/ acA, //Ver. kidneys and nerves. Dr. ®
° // *'* Sanden's Belt will do it. »
o Book for either sex free. If possible call and test the Belt free of charge. '■ 5.
° SANDEN ELECTRIC CO *- S5OOO REWARD * §
° 632 Market Street. San Francisco. _,* •* ° oo •? E _ A _ -„, °
OrO r NOTE-Make no mistake in the number- ™*" be aid for one of , O
rt 632 MARKET STREET. . these Belts which fails Q
WjsJ Office hours. Ba. m. to Bp. m.; Sundays, 10 + ™ n - rfttp - current' of _
A ,to 1 Branches at Los Angeles, Cal.. 204 Vi to generate a current 01 Q
South Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington Electricity. >./- *«
O•- street;- Denver. Colo.; 931 Sixteenth street; m. ' ■ -* W
q Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street. -, : < O
OCCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 0 0000
NEW YORK, March 28.— A
Washington special to the Her
ald says: Senator Foraker of
Ohio has determined not to wait
for executive action in regard to
the Cuban question any longer.
Unless he can be persuaded by
other Senators not to do so, he
will to-morrow introduce in the
Senate a jt?int resolution recog
nizing the independence of Cuba.
He has been very impatient for
many months and has only re
frained from trying to secure
infmediate Congressional action
looking to the termination of
war in Cuba by the conviction
that it would be impossible to
get anything of the kind through
the House, which had refused to
consider Senator Morgan's bel
ligerency resolution.
destroying a population that Spain
cannot conm —a people in whose
breasts the desire for liberty is as
strongly instilled as it was in the
breasts of our forefathers."
Mason of Illinois gave notice that he
would to-morrow briefly address the
y. nate upon the President's message.
When the announcement of Repre
sentative Simpkins" death was received
from the House, Hoar presented the
usual resolutions, which were adopted.
On Hoar's motion the Senate then ad
journed.
Bead in the House.
WASHINGTON. March 28. — The
reading of the President's message in
the House to-day was listened to with
breathless interest by the members and
the spectators in the galleries, which
were crowded In like sardines in a box.
On the floor there was almost as
much excitement as in the galleries, al
though the full synopsis of the report,
which was printed Tby the Associated
Press, had taken the keen edge off the
anxiety with which the members
awaited the reading of the official find
ing of the board. Upon the desk of the
late Representative Simpkins of Massa
chusetts, who died suddenly on Satur
day night, a wreath of Easter lilies, in
terwo-ven with tulip, crocus and lilies
of the valley, cast an air of sadness
over the vast assemblage.
At exactly 12 o'clock the Speaker
called the House to order. Amid the
impressive silence that followed the
blind chaplain delivered a solemn pray
er which rang through the hall like a
warning. He referred to the storm
clouds that hung above the country,
threatening to break at any time. He
prayed to God to interpose his power;
that these clouds might pass away*
leaving us in peace and tranqufllity.
"And yet, if war must come," he
prayed, "in vindication of truth and
justice, mercy and right, help us to be
prepared with brain and heart and
brawn to meet it. To this end be with,
the President and his Cabinet and all
officially connected with the affairs of
state."
Speaker Reed himself broke the large
red sal of the envelope and handed it
to the clerk, at the same time announc
ing in a clear, distinct voice:
"A message from the President of the
United States."
No Presidential message was ever
listened to with such breathless Inter
est. Members sat with intense faces
straining to catch every- word.
The Speaker immediately announced
the reference of the message to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, under
the rules.
34
TIME FOR
ENGLAND
TO MOVE
Russia Holds the Ad
vantage in the
Far East.
Great Britain Should Par
take of the Spoils of
China.
Intimations of a Scheme Cov
ered by Salisbury's Policy
of Delay.
AMERICA MAY GIVE AID.
Is That Why th© White Squairon
Hns Been Massed at Hong
kong ?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, March 28.— 1n the House of
Commons to-day A. J. Balfour, Acting
Minister for. Foreign Affairs, replying
to Sir William Vernon Harcourt, the j
Liberal leuder, promised a Ministerial ;
statement on the situation in the Far
East before Easter.
The Globe (Conservative) says this
afternoon: The disappointment of the
Government supporters at the progress
of affairs in the Far East is becoming
more acute. Unless it is found that the
Government has secured some tangible
advantage, riot will set in among its
supporters. It is rumored, however,
from the best quarters that the appar
ent diplomatic defeat of Great Britain
masks a move of greatest importance,
which will give Great Britain a favor
able position.
A statement has been obtained In a
competent quarter respecting British
intentions in China in regard to the na
val movements in the East. It is ad
mitted that the British policy of main
taining the integrity of China, and com
jnerciaj status of all nations has been
abandoned, owing to the concessions ]
made to Russia and Germany. It is ]
added* The only course left Great Brit- |
am is to follow suit, obtain advantages
with the other powers and secure ade- j
quate compensation in her own inter- \
ests. This explains the British naval :
activity at Hongkong and elsewhere. ;
Therefore a movement upon the part of
Great Britain may be anticipated in the :
near future. It is deemed improbable !
that Japan, single-handed, or still less
in conjunction with China, will combat
thr- policy of the European powers. She j
will probably rest content with a com- I
promise satisfactory to her pride and
securing the position due her as the
fruit of her victories over China.
There la reason to believe, according
to a special dispatch from Shanghai,
that the American squadron at Hong
kong, instead of waiting', as was at first
supposed, in proximity to Manila, prep
aratory to a Hiepano-American war, is
really intended as a practical display of
American sympathy with Great Brit
ain's Chinese policy. The American
and British admirals, the dispatchadds,
have had frequent interviews.
Prince Henry of Prussia will leave
Hongkong forthwith in consequence of
the accentuation of the crisis.
POETIC WORDS
FOR PEACE
Sentiment Expressed by-
Great Britain's Poet
Laureate.
Copyrighted, ISOS, by James Gordon Bennett.
LONDON. March 28.— The Herald's
European edition publishes the follow
ing poem from the pen of Alfred Aus
tin, the British poet laureate:
What is the voice I hear
On the wind of the Western sea?
Sentinel, listen from out Cape Cl"6ar,
And say what the voice may be.
'Tis a proud, free people calling loud to a
people proud and free.
And It cays to them: Kinsmen, hall!
Wo severed have been too long;'
Now let us have done with a worn-out
talc.
The tale of an ancient wrong.
And our friendship last long as love doth
last and be stronger than death is
strong.
Answer them, sons of the self-same race,
And blood of the self-same clan.
Let us speak with each other, face to
face,
And answer as man to man,
And loyally love and trust each other as
none but free men can.
Now fling them out to the breeze,
Shamrock, thistle and rose.
And the Star-spangled Banner unfurl
with these.
A message to friends and foes,
WhoreviT the sails of peace are seen and
wherever the war wind blows.
A message to bond and thrall to wake,
For wherever, we come, we twain.
The throne of the tyrant shall rock and
quake.
And his menace be void and vain.
For you are lords of a strong young land
and we are lords of the main.
Yes. this Is tho voice on the bluff March
Rale:
We severed have been too long;
But now we have done with a worn-out
talo.
The tale of an ancient wrong.
And our friendship last lons as love doth
la«t and be stronger than death Is
strong.
ALFRED AUSTIN.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Soap not only for toil-
et and bath but for
shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shav-
ing stick soap.
KLONDIKE GOLD
OUTPUT WILL
BE ENORMOUS
"It Will Drive You Tenderfeet
Crazy/ Says a Miner in a
Letter From Dawson.
SEATTLE, March 28.— One of the latest and most encouraging let- ♦
ters from Dawson has just been received here by Yorke A. Barring- +
ton from his brother Sidney. In It he says:
"I am satisfied we will make a big cleanup here. When we first «■
• got here the only creeks that were talked about were Bonanza and •*
■ El Dorado. Now there are a dozen creeks that will pan out Just as -
rich All Gold, Sulphur and Meadow creeks are rich. It Is no longer +
a guess, but a sure thing, as they have got down to bed rock and the
yellow stuff is there in plenty. Moosehide and Too Much Gold are ■£
■ ' S °"To°tell the truth, I think that every creek in this dfstrlct has gold ♦
■ enough to satisfy all of us. If Ed (the writer's brother) has not al- ♦
■ ready tied up our claims tell him not to do so, as they will be worth +
- twice la much in the spring than they are now. All of us want to ♦
- country in the spring. I tell you it will drive you tenderfeet crazy ♦
- to set it packed up like Whidby Island potatoes."
CLARK WILL
DIE IN JUNE
St. Helena Fratricide Sen
tenced by Judge
Ham.
■
Motion of His Counsel for a
New Trial Denied by the
Court.
Condemned Man Cries Like a Child
When Taken Back to H.a
Prison Cell.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA. March 28.-At 10 o'clock this
morning, the hour fixed for pass |
™tence upon George W. Clark for the i
murder of his brother, the south court
room was crowded with spectators, and
Judge Ham for the first time In this
county pronounced the judgment of .
death on a human being. In the per- ,
formance of this solemn duty the Judge
said to the prisoner:
"Stand up, Mr. Clark."
The command was obeyed and the
convicted man was told that he had
been informed against by the District
Attorney on a charge of murder-had
been brought to trial and found gu ty
of murder in the first degree, and that
it now became the duty of the court to
pass judgment. j
••Have you any reason to state why j
judgment should not be passed upon
"SZS3& wL J d££ted to sit down
by his counsel and Attorney Webber
made a motion for a new trial on the
-round* first, that the court erred in
Us "decisions 'relating to the drawing
of the jury; second, that the court
erred in its nstructions to the jury;
third that the verdict was contrary to
[aw on circumstantial evidence, and
fourth that the verdict was contrary
tS the evidence in the case. The mo
tion was overruled and the defense took
M js£ Pt H2n again ordered Clark to
stand up. With a troubled look the
prisoner arose to his feet.
•Is there any further cause why
judgment should not be pronounced in
accordance with the verdict of the jury
in this case?" asked the Judge.
Clark made no reply, and Judge Ham
Pr^lt e now becomes the duty of the court
to award against you the judgment
which the law affixes to the crime of
which you have been convicted. In the
brief and simple language of our Penal
Code it is enacted. 'That every per
son guilty of murder in the first degree
shall suffer death or confinement in the
State Prison for life, at the discretion
of the jury trying the same.' In. your
case the jury failed to exercise any dis
cretion by returning a verdict, 'Guilty
of murder in the first degree'; hence,
there can be no other judgment pro
nounced by the court than that of
death.
"The contemplation of the enormity
of your guilt, although it cannot save
you from the penalty of your crime,
may nevertheless serve as a means to
arouse your conscience and enable you
to seek repentance and forgiveness
from a God of mercy, who. I believe, is
now your only refuge and hope."
Clark was then sentenced to be
hanged at San Quentin on June 3
After being taken to his cell the con
demned man cried like a child. He said
to the Sheriff that he would like to see
Mrs. Clark and her children.
M'KINLEY BURNED IN
EFFIGY IN COLORADO
How the People of Durango Ex
pressed Disapproval of the
President's Course.
EL PASO, Tex., March 29.— A private
dispatch from Durango, Colo., states
that McKinley was burned in effigy
there to-night.
Bacing on a Muddy Track.
NEW ORLEANS, March 28.— A light
rain fell steadily throughout the day and
made the track very heavy.
Six furlongs— Annie Cook won. Scornful
second. Surveyor third. Time, 1:19.
Seven furlongs— Tole Simmons won,
Russella second. Wrangling Duchess
third. Time, 1:32^.
One mile, selling— A B C won, Robert
Bonner second, Dorothy 111 third. Time,
'1:46^.
Seven furlongs, handicap— Fervor won,
Blsie Bramble second, What Next third.
Time. 1:30%.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Hums
won, Tutti Fruttl second, Elyrla third.
Time, 1:52%.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Colonel
Gay won, Dawn second, Leaseman third.
Time, 1:53.
Death of Colonel Sawyers,
SANTA CRUZ, March 28.— Colonel
James Alexander Sawyers Is the third of
Santa Cruz'B old citizens to pass away In
three days timo. Ho was born on De
cember 16. 1824, In Giles county, Tennes
see. Colonel Sawyers was a veteran of
the Mexican wur and alau <v: the rebel
lion. Perhaps the most arduous public
service he rendered wan two years' work
In locating a Government wagon road
from the Missouri river to Virginia City.
Montana. This was through country In
habited only by moßt hostile Indians. For
some years his health and sight have
been falllnc, and death resulted from
heart trouble.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 29, 1898.
SAN PEDRO'S
FIGHT WON
Harbor Item Remains in
the Sundry Civil
Bill.
Four Hundred Thousand Dol
lars for Commencing
the Work.
Quarter of a Million to Bo Spent in
Improving Sacramento and
Feather Rivera.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, March 28.
The sundry civil appropriation bill, as
agreed upon by the Senate Committee
on Appropriations, has been completed
and will probably be reported to the
Senate to-morrow. The appropriation
of $400,000 for commencing the con
struction of the San Pedro commerce
and refuge deep-water harbor is re
tained. This is a defeat for the Southern
Pacific Railroad, which has been striv
ing to have this appropriation elim
inated.
The Sacramento and Feather rivers
also receive an appropriation of $250,- ;
000 in order to carry out the act of 189G
for the erection of restraining barriers
under direction of the War Depart
ment, and in accordance with the rec
ommendations of the California Debris
Commission, provided that California
furnishes to the United States Treasury
any amount already appropriated or to
be hereafter appropriated by the Cali
fornia Legislature. The Secretary of j
War is authorized to- enter into an l
agreement that the contractor shall
look solely to the State of California :
for one-half of such expenditure to be ;
paid out of said State appropriation,
and the United States shall in no man
ner oe liable for said one-half.
This appropriation of half a million
for the Sacramento is a great victory
for Mr. De Vries and more than com
pensates him for the loss of $Sl,ooo for
the public building at Stockton, which
item was stricken out by the commit
tee.
The following amendments to the
House bill are made by the Senate:
For repairs of the San Francisco Mint
building, $45,000.
For improvements to the Marine Hos
pital. San Francisco, $18,625.
For quarantine; station, San Francisco,
steam disinfecting bojler and baths for
the quarantine hulk Omaha, $1000.
Telephone to main land, $ISOO.
Additions to disinfecting apparatus,
$2200.
Bichloride tanks and pipes, $500.
Fire-extinguishing apparatus, tanks and
so forth, $3120— in all $3620.
For the establishment of a quarantine
station at or near Astoria, Or., and for
the maintenance of said station, $30,000.
For quarantine station, San Diego, Cal.,
for new engine for quarantine laurrch,
$1000.
Improvement of water service, $1000.
For improvements at Yosemlte Park,
$4000; Sequoia Park, $4000; General Grant
Park, $2000.
For continuing construction of military
poSt at Spokane, Wash., $40,000.
For constructing a revenue steamer of
the first-class service for service in the
vicinity of the Columbia River bar. Pa
cific Coast, $125,000 (the total cost of said
revenue steamer shall not exceed $250,uw>.
For the establishment of a tish cultural
station in the -.aie of Washington, for
tha propagation of salmon and other
fishes and the construction and equip
ment of station, $10.^0,' provided that tne
Bite for the same, to be selected by the
Commissioner of Fish and Fisheries, shall
be donated to the Government for the
purpose of the said station before any
expenditure hereunder.
Five thousand five hundred dollars is
appropriated for a keeper's dwellii.g at
Cape Mendocino, California.
One hundred thousand dollars Is appro
priated for continuing the improvement
of Yaquina Bay, Oregon.
The appropriation for a special attorney
for the Mission Indiana Is reduced from
$1000 to $500.
The House appropriation of $33,000 for
improving Oakland harbor is amended by
adding the following words: "Under ex
isting project." .
For constructing, equipping and out
fitting complete for service a first-class
lightvessel. with steam fog signal, $95,000
Is appropriated. This relief light vessel
Is for the use of the fourth and fifth
lighthouse districts. These vessels nave
aJways been in need on the Pacific Coast,
and bills have often been passed by one
or the»other House of Congress, for their
establishment, but it was not until Sen
ator Perkins was placed on the Appro
priation Committee that one was secured.
Point Hueneme light station. California,
for right of way to public road, $3000.
Santa Barbara light station, California,
for constructing a keeper's dwelling and
tower, $7500.
Quarry Point fog signal station, Cali
fornia, f"or establishing a fog bell or other
fog signal at or near Quarry Point, Angel
Island, San Francisco Bay, California,
$6000.
Point No Point, light station, Washing
ton, for establishing a fog signal, Puget
Sound, Washington, $6000.
Point Brown beacon light and fog sig
nal station, Puget Sound, Washington, to
establish a fog bell, with suitable dwell
ing, including site. $6000.
Battery Point light and fog signal sta
tion, Puget Sound. Washington, to estab
lish a fog bell, with suitable dwelling, in
cluding site, $0000.
Earl of Stafford Dead.
LONDON, March 28.-^The Earl of Staf
ford I* dead. George Henry Charles
Byng, third Earl of Stafford, was born In
London in 1534.
REA AND HIS
MEN AT SEA
In Its Desperation the
"Gang" Makes Itself
Ridiculous.
Mistake of the Boss In Ap
pointing a "Campaign
Committee."
Names Members Without Consulting
Them and Many Relua©
to Sorvo.
Special Discatch to The Call.
SAN JO£.i:, March 2S.— Every day
sees added strength given to the cause
of °-ood and economical government as
represented In the candidacy of tho
New Charter Club ticket, and added
desperation given to the efforts of the
"gang" and its members in behalf of
the people's municipal ticket.
The latest indulgence of the "gang'
in "ways that are dark" is the an
nouncement in the "gang" organ to
day of what is termed a "general cam
paign committee." In the list of names
published are those of a few who are
known to be notoriously under the con
trol of the boss, but also many who
have hitherto not shown any traces of
his collar. No facts are given to show
by whom, when or where this commit
tee was selected or appointed. A can
vass among a number of the men men
tioned as comprising the committee
elicited the information that they had
never even been consulted in the mat
ter'and had absolutely no knowledge of
their selection other than the publica
tion in the Mercury this morning.
Quite a number of them stated that
they would certainly decline to serve or
support the "gang" ticket, dubbed the
People's Municipal Ticket, or any of
the candidates thereon.
There was also published in the
"gang" organ what is alleged to be the
platform of the "gang" ticket. The
tirst plank in this reads as follows:
"Having given our undivided support
to the adoption of the new Charter
from its inception, we now pledge our
selves, if elected, to faithfully carry out
its provisions in spirit and letter."
There is also a significant failure to
inform the public where this platform
was created and who created it. It is a
fact, however, that many, if not most,
of the candidates on the so-called Peo
ple's municipal ticket were most stren
uous in their opposition to the adoption
of the new Charter.
Not the least important circumstance
connected with, the present campaign
are the worse than star-^.namber pro
ceedings that have characterized the
placing of the "gang" ticket before the
people. The only definite fact known is
that secret meetings have been held in
the office of C. D. Wright and a pro
gramme adopted that has been pre
scribed by "Jim" Rea. These facts have
not been given publicity, for reasons
that can easily be appreciated, through
the columns of the Mercury. But that
Rea and Johnnie MacKenzie compiled
the People's municipal ticket and gave
it to the public as a list of candidates
selected at an alleged meeting of busi
ness men is too generally known to be
discussed. Not one of the candidates
named in that ticket even attempts to
deny that his candidacy is supported by
Rea, MacKenzie and the men who fol
low the dictates of these bosses.
While the boss is calling into play
all kinds of devious political tricks to
delude and gain support for the candi
dates whom he now controls, and whom
he will more thoroughly control if they
are elected, the New Charter Club is
putting forth strenuous, open and manly
efforts In behalf of its ticket. In ac
cordance with the frank and coura
geous methods thcTt have marked its
course heretofore it Is holding a series
of tent meetings at which the public, is
welcomed and at which the club's can
didates, its plan of campaign and its
objects are fully and freely discussed.
One of these meetings was held' at the
corner of Fifth and Empire streets to
night. The tent was filled to overflow,
ing. Addross»s were delivered by J.
W. Allen. W. E, Crossman, M. O'Brien,
Adam Riehl. W. G. Alexander, Dr. H.
J. B. Wright, Colonel Hardy and C. L.
Wit ten.
In anticipation of a promised sensa
tional statement by Councilman George
B. Dittus, the Council chamber was fill
ed to-night to the standing-room point.
At the last session of the Council, in
the course of charges and counter
charges between Councilmen Dittus
and Nolting of responsibility for ex
travagant expenditureSj Dittus threat
ened to make a statement to-night;
taken from the official records, that
would show where the responsibility
rested for the nresent depleted condi
tion of the city treasury.
Nolting defied Dittus to make such a
statement and significantly remarked
that, if it were forthcoming he would
have something to say on the same
subject.
Dittus and Noitlnsr. since the last ses
sion, evidently thought it better to sot
tie their differences in private, for no
statement was forthcoming- to-night,
much to the disappointment and dis
gust of the large number of citizens
present.
When Dittus was asked why 'he had
not made srond his threat he said that
he preferred to wait until after the elec
tion. Dittus Is in the field as an inde
pendent candidate for Councilman
from the ward which he now repre
sents.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Federal Supreme Court "Upholds the
State Supreme Court in the
Wotik Tim Ark Case.
WASHINGTON, March 2S.— Justice
Gray In the Supreme Court to-day af
firmed the decision of the Supreme Court
of California In the cape of Wong Tim
Ark vs. the Geary law. The case was one
Involving the right of American-born
Chinamen to citizenship. The California
Supreme Court decided that they had all
the rights of citizens and the case was
appealed.
C. M. Ledbetter was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Dunlap, Fresno County,
Cal., vice S. E. Wilson, resigned.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original, special— David
Hutchlnson, Madera. $6; Edward W.
Hackett, Squaw Valley, $12; Frank Jes
sen, Stockton. $-8; Kaspar Ellenberper,
San Francisco, $6. Original widows, etc. —
Louisa Teaman. Pacific Grove, $8.
Oregon: Increase— Norvel Biggs, Sher
wood. $6 to IS; Charles J. Dodd, Eugene,
$1(5 to $17.
Washington: Original — Daniel W.
Brown. Chinook, $6. Restoration and re
issue—Henry c. Stlnson (dead). Chehal
la. $6. Original widows, etc.— Louise Stln
son, Chehalls, $8.
There were no detachments or changes
made in tho coast survey of the Pacific,
according to the Navigation Bureau.
Fannie Davenport Better.
CHICAGO, March 2S.— The condition of
Fanny Davenport was slightly Improved
to-night.
The "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil Is
largely taking the place of fountain pens*
ANTON SEIDL PASSES AWAY.
The Famous Musical Director Dies by Poisoning, Probably
From Eating Fish.
NEW YORK, March 28.— Anfan Seidl, the famous musical director, died
at 11:50 to-night in this city by poisoning, probably from eating fish.
Anton Seidl was born in Budapest, Hungary, on May 6, 1850, and edu
cated there, and at Leipslc and Bayreuth under Richter and Wagner. He as
sisted Wagner in making the first score of the Nibelungen tetralogy, and
in 1876 was the chief stage director at the first production of the "Nibelun
gen" drama in Bayreuth, and form that time till 18S5 was well konwn In
Europe as a Wagner conductor. From 1879 till 1882 he was conductor at the
Leipsic Opera House.
In 1885 he married the opera singer Fraulein Kraus. and in Septem
ber of that year was called to New York to conduct the German opera, suc
ceeding Dr. Leopold Damrosch.
On the departure of Theodore Thomas for Chicago, in 1891, Seidl was
elected conductor of the Philharmonic Society. He was a fine pianist and
an accomplished litterateur, and a deep student of Shakespeare. He was a
naturalized citizen of the United States.
PUNNING FOR
THE FESTIVAL
Ladies of San Rafael Are
Diligent in Their
Preparations.
Saturday, May 7, Will Be the
Main Day of the Floral
Carnival.
Committees Have Been Appointed to
Take Charge of the Several
Departments,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, March 28.— Final ar
rangements are being made for the
great floral festival to be held here in
May. The committee of ladies met to
night at carnival headquarters and in
conjunction with the gentlemen In
terested in the affair resolved to make
Saturday, May 7. the main day, while
the sports, including bicycle races, are
to be held on the afternoon before. The
school children of Marin County will be
one of the main attractions of the fes
tival. The following committees have
been appointed:
Executive— P. T. Burchaell. president;
E. Hayden, vice-president; R. W. John
son, treasurer; George Richardson, sec
retary; W. N. Anderson, chairman; Rob
ert Furlong, E. W. Newhall, Oscar Fitch,
Henry Eickhoff, Richard Kinsella, Daniel
Convery. Frank \V. Taft, Robert Magnes,
Henry C. Gicske, W. S. Dreypolcher.
Auxiliary— Mesdames A. W. Foster,
chairman; Charles Christensen, secretary;
L. A. Lancell, Henry Harrison, George H.
Foster, W. S. Dreypolcher, William El
liott, W. J. Wickman, L. J. Harara, D. H.
Whittemore, Sidney B. Cushing, Hepburn
Wilkins, James Tunstead, George Butler,
Miss Jessie Elliott.
Naval and Military— General R. H. TVar
field. Lieutenant Fechtener.W. F. C. Has
son. Lieutenant George Sage, William El
liott, H. A. Gorley, F. L. de Carrington.
Press— F. W. Taft. W. S. Dreypolcher,
J. J. Murray, W. J. Eden, F. W. Birlem,
F. F. Runyon.
Auditing— P. T. Burchaell, chairman; H.
C. Gieske, R. Magnes.
Grand Stand and Tribunes— L. A. Lan
cell, chairman, H. P. Wood, T. Hansen,
E. C, Lund.
Music and Transportation— E. W. New
hall, Henry Eickhoff, J. Burke.
Invitation— P. T. Burchaell, Jame* H.
Wilkins.
School— Robert Furlong, Rev. Hugh La
gan, Rev. Dr. Crosby. P. Hitchcock, G. H.
Boke, Miss Edwina Dufflcy.
• ADVERTISEMENTS. -'
1 SPEAKING OF CURES! I
a fiupture Cured in Two l^^fe^ He Feels Like a Boy of °
»■ Months. Fifteen. »■
» — > .-*wt'- . — - o
« Occidental. Calif.. WM H. BAWTER of BerdeM O
£ -.. - - Feb. 2Sth, 1898. Station, Sonoma County, write! ft
v« EH. PIERCE & SON— Gentle- ._ " 8 follows: •**
" men: I wish to Inform you that the TruM •idVySu > ? t 'ffaV«nif l rh ln?l n?* > rr V bat } oon - S
O which I purchased at your offlc. th, 6th VW^SSffu^S^^AXni °
W cf last December CURED me of Rupture "I?" lven me »uch LIFE AND VICIOH ' «
Sof asT 0 "° NTH f *•*«"+*"- &l3^jrap %SSS yBoy 8 ou a r «
» There is no ml.tak. about th. fact that rat TO^»%SlriSS^^?f^Vj!* ■ S
« your celebrated MagTi.tlo Klastlo Truss I the most active, vigorous and ha^Dv m«n "
» will positively CUM BUPTUIUB, and I you will bo able to meet anywherS P You? »
„ heartily recommend It to all l ruj>tured per-! «elt ]■ certainly a. wonderful Invention £
« sons. Yours sincerely. C. ■•COLUn's. ■ I and If olhera only knew as much about ?t ®
# If ruptured, cull or sand la In .lamps for *■ I do. no man or woman In the But* of ■ft
s^ our New Book on Rupture. Tru«n#ii fitted California would bo without it for a ■ n-i« ■ '•
■ » at office without extra charge. Address da>'." «»um W »»ingli q
» MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUBB CO. . Elec?rlo"n P^t rU aril ° r Dr Ple^e"« Patent $
8 620 MARXIST STREET. Opponlte ' new • IMuJtrai#.rt -p1"p 1 " "VY 1 . *\$ mp for our o
■g llMllii Hi sstiP^ I
«»»»»»«»«a««»»tta»»tt«att»tt»w^
RAILWAY MEN
AT SAN JOSE
Freight Bureau Still Dis
cussing the Question of
Differentials.
Decision Will Not Be Reached
Without Considerable
Difficulty.
Westbound Rates Likely to Bo Re
adjusted at the Session
To- Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 28.— The Transcon
tinental Freight Bureau, which was in
session at Monterey last week, opened
its sessions at the Hotel Vendome to
day. Chairman Countiss presided. In
the afternoon a large amount of. un
important routine business was con
sidered, but no definite action was
taken upon any vital question.
The chief topic before the bureau is
still the matter of the difference in
rates on fractional or whole carload
lots. There is much variance of inter
ests among the lines represented upon
this point, and the decision will be
reached with difficulty. In this matter,
as in all others, the various roads rep
resented will be bound by the decision
of the bureau.
There was some further discussion on
the subject of west-bound rates and
east-bound were also considered. It is
expected that west-bound tariff rates
will re readjusted at the session to
morrow.
FIREARMS TAKEN FROM
JOMES OF IRISHMEN.
Precaution Taken by the Police in
the Counties of limerick and
Cork.
DUBLIN, March 2S.— ln connection with
the centenary of the revolution of 1798.
the police have searched the farmers'
houses In the counties of Limerick and
Ctfrk taking possession of all firearms
found and announcing that they will be
returned after the celebrations.
San Rafael Bond Election.
SAN RAFAEL, March 28.—The citizens
of San Rafael will vote next Saturday.
April 2, on the question of Issuing $15,000
bonds for a high school building.
; ADVEBJTISEMENTS.
fTmaeion crawfoS
. NEW NOVEL,
Bound In buckram; Two Volumes
in a Box.
It is by far the most stirring
and dramatic of all the author's
Italian stories. . . The «-^ •
plot' is a masterly r IMG©
one, bringing at a!-\rt>O (\(\
most every page a*V -^ •v/vf
fresh surprise, keeping the reader
in suspense to the very end. —
The Times, New York.
• Ft Marion Crawford's
Novels take rank without ques-
tion as the most popular Ameri-
can fiction. About a ijear ago
it was remarked that upward of
half a million of them had been
sold in the United States alone,
and there has heen no falling off
since then, hut auite the con-
traru.
Novels of American Life.
"Katharine Lauderdale" $1.09
"The Ralstons," 2 vols $2.00
"An American Politician" - $1.00
"Marion Darohe" $1.00
"The Three Fates" $1.00
"They afford a view of certain phases of
New York life that has not hitherto been
treated with anything like the same ade-
quacy and felicity."— The Boston Beacon.
His versatility and wide experience may
be judged from the varied scenes in which
his novels are laid:
"Greifenstein," the Black Forest $1.00
"A Tale of a Lonely Parish," England.sl.oo
"A Cigarette-maker's Romance," "Munich $1.00
"The Witch of Prague," Bohemia $1.00
"Paul Patoff," Constantinople (chiefly)..sl.oo
"Khaled," a Story of Arabia $1.00
! "Zoroaster," Babylon and the Far East..sl.oo
■ "Dr. Isaacs," India $100
"Marzio's Crucifix," Rome $1.00
"A Rose of Yesterday," Lucerne $1.25
Andrew Lang: once wrote: "He has
great adaptability and subtleness of
mind- a muster of the narrative style, he
throws a subtle charm over all he
touches." And his judgment is fully borne
out by the incomplete list just given,
though it does not Include the novels usu-
ally considered his best, those of Italian
life:
"Casa Braccio," 2 vols * $2.00
"Taquisara," 2 v 015..*... $2.00
"A Roman Singer" \ '• $1.00
The Saracinesca " series, 3 vols., $3.00,
to which has just been added " Cor-
leone," 2 vols •• $2.00
Send for a pamphlet describing
MR. CRAWFORD'S NOVELS.
Sent free by
Cunningham, Curtiss & Welch,
' 319, 321, 323 Sansome St., S. F. -.j
AUCTION
OK REAL ESTATE
Probate, Execntrix, Executor, Admin-
istrator and Miscellaueous Sale
MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1898
At 12 o'clock M. .
At Salesroom, 14 Montgomery Street
THE FOLLOWING PROPERTIES:
HENRY WASHBURN ESTATE
Executrix and Executor's Sale
First— Nn» 122-24-26 Utah Btreet, west line, south of
Alameda street, near junction of Tenth and Brannan
itreets and Potrero avenue; 3 2-story houses of 5 room*
each; stable and barn; rents, *23; 126x100.
i Second-South of Park block No. 715, bounded by I
! and J streets and Forty-third and Forty-fourth avenues,
1 being only ooa block south of the Krcat Golden Gate
! Park; 240iSJO; equal to 50 lots; 4 comers. ,
I Third— North line of Cumberland street, distant 205
feet west of Church street; lot, 50x114.
Fourth— line of Ninth Hv«nue. 350 feet south of
! H street; 100x120; being only a half block from the en-
trance to Golden Gate Park
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT
To close Estate of Ellen Bernard, deceased
1 No 3. 11 to 17M Oak Grove avenue, northeast side,
southeast of Harrison street, hetween Fifth and Sixth
, itreets, several houses; rents, *126 per month; 75ill2H-
WEBSTER STREET RESIDENCE
Nrs: 627 Webster street, between Hayes and GroTo
streets; nice 2-story residence of 9 rooms and bath;
brick foundation, etc 37:6x137:6. - \/ ;
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE
I No. C 43 Fulsom street, southeast line, between Second
»nd Third streets; 2-story front and rear houses; rent'
14,6; 30x32:6, with an L 9:6x23.
ALEXANDER Mi-GREGOB ESTATE
Eieentor'n Sale
First— No 333 Twelfth st,. bet. Folsom »nd Harrison
itreets; old 3-story house; rents, sil3; irregular lot.
Second -Nos. 422-24-26 Eleventh street; between Jar-
ifeon and Bryant street*; 3 buildings resting for £32 per
aiontb; 88:9x137:6.
• Third-Building and leasehold No, 660 Bryant street;
[ 1-ltory building used for blacksmith and carrias*-
making shops. ,
Fourth— Lot No. 8, Fruitrale Homestead Assc-mtion.
Fruitvale, AUmeda county, containing 03r.cves, being
- i short distance from Fruitvale avenuo electric cars.
PAGE ."STREET RESIDENCE I-« )T
South line of Paga street. 87:6 feet watt of La«un»
ilreet; lot. 25x87:ti. with L 12:6x50; street sreepted-
LOUIS KASMUSSEN KSTATE
Administrator's Sale
No. 34 Powell avenue; 2-story house of 6 room* . »nd g
. oath; brick foundation: 25x100; bell-- La-iy to botn ■
, Mission and Valencia streets car lines, ar.d about ona
' )lock south of Twenty-sixth street.
M. A. ROURKE KSTATK
• South San Francisco Investment
: No». 1522-24 Sixteenth av*n-ie Smith; 2 flats of 4
I »om» each; rents. $16; Mxl, 0; m ins °" ly ., p i,enuW
from the Third-street electric iars on hailrona avenu*.
i BRIDGET O'DAV KSTATE
Administrator's Sale
. Bouth line of Twenty-fifth street, 25 feet east of Bt *
■ int avenue: lot, 25x90 , __
MARY C. GRANT ESTATE
Executor* >i» le ._
No. 822 Fremont street, soutl -- of FoU om«.,^ -^
, lence of 13 rooms and bath, etc etc: lot, - i - 3xlw ' w
* 3r»nt alley. ,' ,h»erfullv eiTen
i Further particulars, catalogue, etc., cbeerfuJy eifen
, our office A , „ _
l\- f O. H. UMBSEX & CO., Auctioneer*
I 14 Montgomery Street
I — . —^_ — ■ : : .
•iiflijiuilkiili
i T^^^Y^'soreTViroatrpluiples. Copper- a
w t Hj^ . ' \ ■ ■<- OM Sores, Lk-oroß
I P Colored Spots, a ■ w J|o couK HEM . B
« Knv°ro hf lu^SBSSSflb TEMPLE, cm- 1
i I r?rniLTl for Proofs of cures. Capital ■
' i lW&-nfe«M2 cured to »tO» *»» *
' I ■ IUO-pR?e boon frco- ■ —^^^^A
i — —
i A vim DR. JORDAN'S <»«•*
< J$L Museum of Anatomy
i f^Ssii i:::i:ASMTST.tat.6tsift7t4,B.?.C«>'
) 191«| ji, c l.ngttlof lnklcdln tI.»W»' !d -
I ■€&!■ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseassa.
I KWV ik Ooniulutioo fro. ITrlt* f»t r«ot
i : |\ | Iphiiosophy^ Marriage.
} h v uaiico mccBLACKGUARD
METHODS OF
REA'S ORGAN
San Jose Mercury's Vain
Attempt to Besmirch
The Call.
Rails at a Dispatch Sent by the
Associated Press, of Which
Its City Editor Is
Agent.
SAN JOSE, March 28.— Some indig
nation and some amusement has been
caused here by an attack the Mercury
contained this morning, directed at The
CalL It begins in this fashion:
.-LANDERED BY THE CALL.
A jng the dastardly attempts to Injure
8a:. ta Clara Valley and San Jose that
have been perpetrated by the San Fran
cisco Call during the past few months,
not one is calculated to do more real In
lury than the following, which appeared
■in that paper yesterday;
Next there Is a copy of the dispatch,
■which, for the purpose of making clear
the ground of the Mercury's screed, Is
here produced:
"A cold wave struck Santa Clara Coun
ty last night, and after the soaking rain
r>{ yesterday morning a heavy frost re
sulted. Great damage was done to
cereals. The entire almond, peach, apricot
and prune crop of the valley was de
stroyed, as well as the grain. Vegetables
suffered to a great degree. The fanners
pay it is the worst frost that ever struck
this section at this time of the year, and
the damage is greater than ever before
known."
And having set up this man of straw
the Mercury proceeds to flail the chaff
from it, finding in the operation much
apparent Joy. As a matter of fact, the
people of San Jose understand the ani
mus of the outbreak. They have wit
nessed with satisfaction the exposure
The Call has meted out to "Jim" Rea,
as unconscionable a boss as assists in
degrading the politics of the State.
They knew he would seek some way in
which to try to get even and recognize
the fact that through his daily organ
he has sought it and failed.
The item to which the Mercury
takes such violent exception, and for
which it blames the San Francisco
publication, was sent out by the As
sociated Press, of which the repre
sentative in San Jose is city editor
of the Mercury. The item was used
in the Chronicle and Examiner as
well as in The Call, and in no in
stance did anybody here ascribe the
circumstance to malice until the edi
torial genius, inspired by Rea, reared
upon his hind legs and desolated his
environment with an expression that
a plot was afoot to ruin Santa Clara
Valley.
People who think are not misled by
bo evident a pretense of indignation.
They understand that the item was
sent from here and that as to its ac
curacy the papers in the city had no
way to judge. The Associated Press
JUSTICE BEGGS
WAS IN ERROR
Collected . Illegal Fees
From Santa Clara
County.
Judgment Rendered Against
Him for the Amount So
Acquired.
.Judicial Ruling as to Cases Wherein
One Magistrate Acts for
Another.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 28. — Santa Clara
County was given judgment to-day
against Justice of the Peace Beggs of Los
Gatos for $297, illegally collected for fees
In criminal cases in Redwood Township.
Beggs was called in to sit in place of Jus
tice Dwyer of this city and Justice Her
"Vington of Santa Clara during their ab
sence, and collected the usual fees of $3 a
case charged the county, although Jus
tices Herring-ton and Dwyer also charged
the same amount. Suit was brought
against Beggs for $510 thus illegally col-
Judge Hyland to-day gave judgment for
the county for $279. He said the evidence
showed that Justice Beggs had unlaw
fully collected $3 in twenty cases in Jus
tice Herrlngrton's court and in seventy
nine cases in Justice Dwyer's court. The
decision says:
If the Justice of the Peace of one township
wiehes to call in another Justice of the same
county to perform the duties imposed upon ,
him by law. for the time such services are
rendered, he le the authorized deputy of the .
Justice who requested him to act for his com- j
Pe The Justice of the Court in which the action
was commenced Is the only person authorized i
to charge a fee of %S In a criminal art '°"l and |
the Justice of the Peace of that court is en
titled to collect such fee: if for any reason any
other Justice Is requested to act in any crim
inal cases, he must look to the Justice who I
made- the request for payment of sen. Ices ren
dered. In no event is the county to be
char more than J3 for all sen-Ices > perform- ,
M in a criminal action by one or more Jus- i
tices of the Peace. ;. ..-
Death at Mountain View.
BAN JOSE. March 28.— John Francis, a
mining expert, whose home was at Moun
tain View, died yesterday after a linger
ing illness. He "was a native of Devon
shire, England, and 47 years old. He had
large mining interests in British Columuia
and California.
Sausalito Depot Robbery.
SAUSALITO, March 28.— The ticket of
fice of the North Pacific Coast Railroad
was entered at an early hour this morn-
Ing and jsi 50 in money and about 500
a tickets stolen. Most of the tickets have
been recovered. The burglars gained an
entrance to the ticket office by forcing the
door open with a jimmy.
Nonagenarian Passes Away
SAN JOSE. March 28.— Louis Callisch
Br., a pioneer of 1849 and an old resident of
this city, died this morning. He was a
nati*"» .°* Germany and &0 years ' of "a*©. "
correspondent had to be relied upon,
and to the extent he erred responsibil
ity must be placed at this end of the
line. If the damage was less serious
than at first reported, and so it seems
to have been, the friends of The Call
here are sure that paper, assiduously
as it has worked for the interests of
Santa Clara, will be gratified to know it
and to spread the news abroad.
"It is not easy to conceive," con
tinues this editorial freak, "what The
Call has against San Jose."
So a number of citizens seen here to
day freely admit.
"The Mercury must have gone daft,"
said one of these. ♦'If 'Jim' Rea thinks
he can delude anybody by such stuff
he's a chump. I had always given him
credit for sense. We all understand
what is the matter. Your paper has
been fighting him and beating him at
every turn. Job after job of his has
been laid bare. He is losing his gTip.
The Mercury also is on the downgrade,
and The Call is gaining here every day.
That's what ails •Jim.' I was not par
ticularly pleased at the item myself,
but seeing it in all the city papers
recognized that it must have been
Associated Press matter. Of course if
the frost had been as bad as reported
the fact would have been of grave im
portance, and no editor with any sense
would have suppressed It. There was
no reason for any of them to suppose
that it was not authentic. And Santa
Clara is not to be injured by any frost.
This is a great and productive section,
and has no excuse for being super
sensitive."
This gentleman expressed the con
sensus of opinion as gathered by talks
with a large number of citizens. The
charge of "a deliberately premeditated
plan to discredit Santa Clara" tvas re
cognized as so ridiculous as to rob the
Mercury's vituperation of all weight
and dignity. That odd and unpleas
ant print seems to have a set of edi
torial fangs yet, but its poison sacks
have been removed. It has the im
pulses of the snake, but not the power.
This precious ebullition closes with
the assertion that "the attack and
the slander is one of the meanest ever
published against Santa Clara Coun
ty." As there has been no attack,
and as the "slander" came from a res
ident of Santa Clara, people here are
naturally inclined to smile. They ar«
serene in the confidence that an effort
to prove this valley anything but a de
sirable place of residence would be as
useless as to get out an injunction
against the rising of the sun, and their
faith in the friendship of The Call is
not to be shaken by the whine of a
boss on whom it has been necessary to
shed a light revealing him as a trick
ster unworthy of trust.
ABILA RANCH
IS FREEMAN'S
His Title Affirmed by
Judge Allen of Los
Angeles.
Attempt to Dispossess Him of
the Large Tract
Fails.
Decision in a Suit Involving the
Towns of Redondo and
Ingle wood.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 28.— Superior
Judge Allen to-day rendered a decision
affirming the title of Daniel Freeman
to twenty-three hundred acres of val
uable land including the cities of Re
do-ndo and Inglewood. The ranch orig
inally belonged to Ignacio Ablla, who
died in 1850. Prior to his death he made
a will giving the ranch to his daughter,
Ascencion Sanchez. Her putative heirs
in 1865 sold the ranch to a man named
Burnett. The sale was approved by
the Probate Court and Burnett ob
tained quit-claim deeds from all the
supposed heirs of Ascencion Sanchez,
then alive. In 1885 Burnett sold the
ranch to Its present owner, Daniel
Freeman, and ita present value Is
$1,000,000.
In the meantime a company was
formed, known as the Abila Estate
Company, to contest the title of Free
man to the ranch. The claim to the
property was based upon the allegation
that Ascencion Sanchez had two chil
dren by Don Pio Pico, and that their
Interest in the ranch as heirs of Ascen
cion Sanchez had never been quieted or
satisfied.
After hearing all the testimony to
day Judge Allen decided that the evi
dence was in no particular Instance
sufficient to cloud Freeman's title to
the ranch. He held that it had not been
proved beyond doubt that the two al
leped heirs of Ascencion Sanchez "were
her heirs, as the only testimr.-ny upon
which any such allepation could be
based was that of Don Pio Pico, the
last Mexican ("Hvernor of California.
who had claimed that he was the
father of two children of whom Ascen
cion Sanchez was the mother. This
Judee Allen did not consider good evi
dence an"d he. therefore, grave a deci
sion in favor of the defendant.
Requisition for Dr. Forrest.
SACRAMENTO. March 28.— Governor
Budd to-day granted the request of Gov
ernor Black of New York. through that
State's agent, James Price, for a requisi
tion for the return of Dr. 'William B. For
rest, who is now under arrest in Los An
geles, having been taken into custody for
fleecing numerous residents of New York
on bogus Investments. The specific charge
upon which the requisition was • granted
was that of fleecing a man named Robert
.T. Freeman out of $5000. Price left for Los
Ansreles this afternoon for hi 3 prisoner.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 29, 1898.
THE INTERIOR
LINE OF WORKS
Rifled Artillery for Angel
Island and Alcatraz
Batteries.
The Position at Lime Point to
Be Re-enforced by Eight-
Inch Guns.
Preparations to Destroy Any Hostile
Ship That Might Pass the Outer
Line of Defense.
In order to be prepared for any emer
gency, General Shafter, commanding the
Department of California, has decided to
strengthen the fortifications of Lime
Point and Angel Island. In a big engage
ment at the heads one Ironclad of an en
emy might, by some one of the many
chances of war, run by the batteries of
Fort Point and get Inside. In that event
the batteries of Angel Island, Alcatraz
and Lime Point might be able to render
great service.
It is proposed now to place on Alcatraz
and Angel islands eight-inch .converted
j rifles. These guns do not have a long
I range, as modern rifles are estimated, but
the rifles shoot with remarkable precision
and are highly effective at short dis
tances. They will be kept in readiness for
active service until the new modern high
power guns are received to supplant them.
It is said that General Shafter will also
re-enforce the battery of twelve-inch
breech-loading guns at Lime Point with
a new battery of eight-inch converted
rifles. Old artillerymen have the greatest
faith in these eight-inch guns. They re
fer to the records of target practice to
prove the accuracy of the shooting.
The usual monthly muster and review
of the troops at the Presidio will take
place next Thursday. If the weather is
fair and agreeable all the troops of the
garrison will be reviewed on the parade
plain. At the Presidio and other garri
sons of San Francisco harbor the war
! preparations have been carried forward
jas far as the emergency demands. The
j signs of peace now reported from the
East will not cause a cessation of work
lon the fortifications. New guns will be
1 mounted as fast as they arrive and work
i will be continued throughout on the main
plan df harbor defense as mapped out by
I the engineer corps.
i A quantity of ammunition, 40,000 pounds,
j has been sent to San Diego to supply the
i 10-lnch breech-loading rifles at Ballast
j Point. Colonel Moore, the chief quarter
' master of this department, is at San
I Diego arranging some matters of trans
: portation in connection with the works
defending that harbor.
The funeral of Miss Anna Morris,
| daughter of Lieutenant-Colonel Morris,
I Fourth Cavalry, took place at the Pre
1 sldio yesterday. Miss Morris had been a
sufferer for many years and her death,
, la^t Saturday, came as a release. She
; was an accomplished young lady, who
1 was highly esteemed by her associates.
' The interment took place at the National
i Cemetery at the Presidio. The pall
j bearers were chosen from the second
! lieutenants of the garrison. The men of
I the Fourth Cavalry followed the funeral
procession on foot.
IT WILL BE A
GRAND FETE
Enthusiastic Committees Pre
paring for the Masonic
Festival.
Assurances Given That the Widows
and Orphans' Home Will Be
Completed.
The Masonic festival that is to be given
lat the Mechanics' Pavilion, beginning on
May 9 and lasting for six days, is now an
assured success. The affair is to be given
for the benefit of the proposed home for
the widows and orphans of deceased
members of the organization. Commit
tees are daily hard at work, and yester
day the headquarters of the officers in
charge of the entertainment were crowded
with enthusiastic workers for the benefit
of the fete. Among the callers was In
spector-General \V. Frank Pierce, one of
the foremost Masons of the State, and he
was much pleased with the progress al
ready made in the arrangements for the
entertainment. He prophesied that the
fair would realize all the money that
would be needed to complete the home
and put it in a condition for occupancy.
He said there would be several thousand
Masons in attendance at the fete from
the Sacramento and San Joaquin valleys,
and they would also donate many beauti
ful articles to place in the booths for sale.
The different city lodges have taken a
wonderful interest in the proposed enter
tainment. The Oakland Masons have al
ready given over a hundred handsome ar
ticles to h^lp stock the booths. The wives
of the members of California Lodge will
meet on Wednesday afternoon to arrange
for taking an active part in the festival
and on Thursday the ladies of Fidelity
Lodge will meet to prepare for their part
in the fete. Both meetings will be held at
the Masonic Temple. Charles L. Patton,
the chairman of the committee in charge
of the festival, says he expects to sell at
least 20,Cw0 season tickets, and he ex
presses the belief that the affair will be
one of the greatest Masonic successes
ever held in this State.
Holding the Fort.
The contempt of court proceedings in
the suit of the Pokegame Lumber Com
pany vs. The Klamath Lumber Company
were continued yesterday by United
States Circuit Judge Morrow. The Kla
math people still hold the mill and other
improvements in spite of the restraining
order issued by the court, and have ten
men now guarding the works with Win
chester rifles.
To Commemorate the Passion.
A service in commemoration of the Pas
sion of the Redeemer will be given at St.
Stephen's Church this evening at 8
o'clock. An elaborate order of seryices
has been arranged.
Innocent Children Sacrificed.
The "slaughter of the Innocents" continues,
until it Is estimated that fully one-fourth of
the human race die before attaining their fifth
birthday, owing in great measure to our rig
orous and changeable climate. And there are
thousands of adults, even In this land of
plenty, that pt'irnach. liver and bowel com
plaints are reducing to confirmed invalldtam
whom Hostetter's Stumach Bitters would
promptly relieve ami invigorate. Malaria,
rheumatism and kidney trouble yield to the
Bitters.
lie A CNESS & HEAD NOISES CURED
Bj3r.B*fi B instantly. Our IN VISIBLE TV UK i;uslilon(
i»Ml»l belp when all else fail*, axgrlasses help eye«.
Self-adjust ir.p. SoPnm. Whlsjierelu-ard. Send to rB C C
r. UlkoxCo., ».-»« U'-.i-, N.V., for Hook and Proofs r It CC
Writ's Man Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to curs
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Plmplea
and purify the blood.
Crossman's Specific Mixture
With this remedy persons can cure them-
selves Without the least exposure, change of
diet or change In application to business. The
medicine contains nothing of the least injury
to the constitution. A*k your druggist for it.
Price. {1 a bottle.
SLOW SPEED
IS AN EVIL
Complaint That Mission
Property Is Hurt by-
Creeping Cars.
Petition Circulated Asking for
Faster Electric Car
Service.
Real Estate Men Say Tenants Make
Loud Complaints of the
Service.
There is a concerted movement of resi
dents of the Mission to induce the Mar
ket-street Railroad Company to Increase
the speed of caxs running to the Mission.
It is said by real estate dealers that
there has been a marked depreciation of
rental values since the cars began to run
bo slowly and that a great many work
ingmeu have signified a desire to move
nearer the center of the city.
Speaking of the matter yesterday, John
Hoesch said: "There is a general com
plaint about the slow way that the cars
are run, and a petition is being prepared
by residents asking that the company in
crease the speed of the electric cars. I
have not yet seen the document, though
I know it is being prepared. The cars
creep along nowadays, and this is hard
to bear, following rapid speed, as it
does. The real estate men say that there
is a slack in the Inquiries for Mission
property and that business out that way
has been greatly damaged oy the old
fogy policy that has bo suddenly lallea.
like a pail over the Mission."
George W. H. Patterson, real estate
dealer said: "There is a general com
plaint that the service is bad. We have
less inquiry than formerly for the prop
erty. Mechanics and others complain
that they have to get up too early to
catch cars. In the winter when it is dark
the complaint will grow worse instead of
better. I think there Is no need of the
slow run, and that there has been alto
gether too much emphasis laid on the
fact that lives have been lost by reason
of rapid running. L<?t the company adopt
the best fender it can get and leave the
rest to care and good judgment, and all
will be well." a ..
L A. Souc had l.e^rd the general com
plaint, but did not look for much en
couragement from the company. They
said there was much complaint among
patrons of the road, many of whom are
compelled to be up very early in the
morning. . ... ,
It is probable that there will soon be a
demonstration in favor of restoring some
Buch schedule as the one recently aban
doned, with the suggestion that the cars
run at a slower rate from Eighth street
in, and that ail conductor* be requested
to slow uy at crossings.
- LOVE LED TO SUICIDE.
Affection for His Divorced "Wife
Drove John Hohs to Self-
Murder.
Despondent over the lovo he bore for
hi 3 divorced wife, John F. Hohs com
mitted suicide yesterday by taking mor
phine. His landlady, Mrs. Katie Rinks,
went to vis room to make the bed at 4
o'clock in the afternoon, and found him
in an unconscious condition. She notified
a policeman, who i.ad the man taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where he died at
S o'clock. He told Dr. Thompson, who
attended -im. tuat ho had not taken
P< Among a number of letters which Hohs
left addressed to different people was one
to the Coroner, stating that he was tired
of life and had taken morphine. On the
back of two pictures of his 3-three-old
son appeared the following, written in
German: "Fredchen, my dear little boy,
what did your father do to harm your
mother? God bless you and take care of
you. Rememuer your father and avenge
his blood." To h.s wife he wivte: "Clara,
Clara, I have been good to j ou. I love
you even unto death, but you were false
to your husband, and you will rue it."
Hohs kept a small delicatessen-store- on
Howard street until about six weeks ago,
when he became a barkeeper at a saloon
on the corner of Seventh and Brannan.
Since then he has been rooming at 554 A
Natoma street, where he took the poison.
He and his wife had considerable trouble,
and about two weeks ago she was grant
ed a divorce on the grounds of extreme
cruelty. Hohs did not contest the case,
and friends think he has been grieving
over the separation until he became half
crazed.
The deceased was a German, 37 years of
age, and was a member of the Nord
Deutscher Verein, Ancient Order of
Foresters, the Odd Fellows and the Inde
pendent Rifles. '
I-adles' tailor-made suits; latest designs; we
give credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, r. 6 & 7.
Dirktobv or
SLEDS. BOATS. ETC.
ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dons, Yukon boats,
pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can bo
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS, 718 Third
st. 'Phone Red 2361.
TRANSPORTATION.
"Z kotzebue sound gold fields,
j/k ALASKA.
,g3 BARK MERMAID
Jrp^jjl LEAVES MAY Ist.
4&£oeJ|)} PASSAGE $200
\£±l/y Space allowed for 1% 'tons bag-
ffcsßar* gagre for each passenger.
r£2*Zg(W^* « lire 2G California st
>t£Sg-r:2-- HENRY L. BORDEN. Gen. Mgr.
~^ CAPT. WICKS.
Union S. & Transportation Co.
TO KOTZEBUE SOUND, ST. MICHAEL,
COPPER RIVER, DYEA AND
tSKAGUAY.
For passage and freight : apply to
UNION SHIPPING AND ; TRANSPORTA-
TION COMPANY, ; 21 Market street. ;,;■;."
NEARLY ENDED
IN BLOODSHED
Exciting Scene at the
Union Mission Army
Headquarters.
Commander Moore Threatens
to Kill W. J. Davis With
a Hatchet.
Troubles of the Army Will Be Again
Aired in Court, as Warrants Ara
Out for Moore's Arrest.
As a result of the disruption in the
Union Mission army there was a violent
Bcene at the headquarters. 114 Hayes
Btreet, Saturday night, nearly ending in
bloodshed.
The dismissal of the case against W.
J. Davis and his wife, charged by A. "W.
Moore, the self-styled commander, with
disturbing the peace, by Judge Low on
Saturday was celebrated with joyous ac
claims at the headquarters Saturday
night, much to the un-Christian rage and
mortification of Moore. In his anger
Moore wrote out notices that he was the
only commander of the army and warn
ing all and sundry not to have any deal
ings with the apostate Davis. He pro
ceeded to post the notices on the walls
of the headquarters, when Davis was no
tified by a friend and promptly tore the
notices down.
Moore had used a hatchet in posting up
the notices, and while Davis was pulling
them down he rushed at him and grasp
ing him by the throat with his left hand
raised the hatchet aloft as if to drive it
into Davis' skull. A bystander rushed be
tween them and forced the enraged
Moore to release his hold of Davis. Moore
then sullenly retired to his shack in the
rear of the headquarters.
Yesterday morning Davis appeared in
Judge Joachimsen's court and wanted a
warrant for the arrest of Moore on a
charge of assault to murder, but after
talking over the matter it was decided to
make the charge "threats to kill." Moore
had on previous occasions threatened to
strangle Davis if he did not give him ab
solute possession of the headquarters and
recognize him as the commander.
Attorneys Rose and Harrington, who
represent Davis, may also swear out a
warrant for Moore's arrest to-day on the
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses. They assert that Moore is going
around the city selling meal tickets and
appropriating the money to his own uses
and purposes. These meal tickets are made
good at the headquarters, and Davis and
the other members have to bear the ex-
Eense. They all bear the seal of the army,
ut Moore has his own seal as command
er, which the others allege is not guar
anteed or recognized by the army.
Davis' attorneys are also looking up
Moore's record, and they propose to show
Just what sort of a man he is when the
case comes up in court, including his do
ings in Portland, when he was expelled
from membership in God's Regular Army
there, rendering it necessary' for Com
mander-in-Chlef Purdey to give public
notice that he was no longer connected
with the organization.
A. "W. Moore was arrested in the even
ing on a warrant sworn to by. Major Da
vis, for threats to kill. The arrest, ac
cording to Moore, is a piece of spite work,
and the outcome of a misunderstanding.
Moore charged Davis with throwing a flag
and drum belonging to the mission into
the street and had him arrested for the
act. Moore denied that he had threatened
Davis, but says he only ordered him to
leave the mission.
ASKS FOB HEAVY DAMAGES.
Trial of Another Railroad Suit Com-
menced Before Judge Dainger
field and a Jury.
The trial of the suit brought by Margie
Nagle to recover $50,000 from the Market
street Railway Company was begun yes
terday before a Jury in Judge Dainger
field's court. She claims that she was
badly bruiseu and jarred by the sudden
stopping of a car of the Folsom-street
electric line on which she was a passenger
on February 7 last. The railroad com
pany denies that the plaintiff received
any injury, and, further, claims that the
car was stopped by the motorman in the
hope of preventing a collision with a
buggy crossing the track. The car and
buggy came together, however, and the
glass in the forward part of the dummy
was shattered.
Dr. Hall Again on Trial.
The second trial of Dr. Samuel 11. Hall,
who is accused of causing the death of
Mrs. Ida Coakley by means of a criminal
operation, was commenced yesterday in
Judge Dunne's court. Seven jurors were
secured yesterday, and it is expected that
the other five will be impaneled to-day.
On the former trial of the case the jury
was unable to agree.
Con tin ued.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MININGIND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kctzebue Sound— The bark J. A Falken.
burg will sail on or about May 10, IS9S Faro*
including 2500 pounds baggage or freight J-W
Passengers will apply early to LYXDE 4
HOUGH CO.. 40 California st.. San Francisco
or to A. H. Herriman, general manager. 201
Front st San Francisco.
TRAVELERS TO DAWSON
Via DYEA and SKAGUAY can arrange to
have their provisions sent via St. Michael
and the Yukon River, by applying to
ALASKA^YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
3 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cal.
BIRCH Creek district; now nearly deserted
owing to lack of food; larger and Just as rich
as Klondike; produced about $5,000,000; 1500 x
100 feet; our new modern steamer, Alice
Rix, stops there going to Dawson City; our
book free. Alaska Transportation Co., 224
Montgomery st.. opp. Russ House.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 SO, postage
free.
OAS ENGINES.
UNION GAS ENGINE CO.
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
P. & B. PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDINQ PAPER and P. A B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deal-
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable in price and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade PARAFFINE PAINT CO., 116 Battery
at. Tel. No.. Main 176S-
ADVERTISEM.iiNTS.
(J^ IN THE KLONDIKE. V I
i V^v 1 A Winchester Repeating Rifle
/^j»|i^3*p==^ is a great law in itself. It will protect you and
/laJfflifmP' help fill y our larder. Send name and address on
pasS H ?||| a postal card for i4S-page illustrated catalogue.
WgF^^rZ Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
t V< s^O| 418 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
A miner in Scranton, Perm., who has resided there all his life, and worked
in the coal mines ever since he waa a boy of fifteen, and consequently is pretty
1 well known to hundreds, says that the foul atmosphere he breathed tor so
many years in the mines, the gases, the damp and the cramped position in which
he had to work, caused his entire system to run down. "My etomach suffered
most," said he. "I wu induced to make trial of Ripans Tabules. and m a
month I was very much benefited. I mads a practicd of carrying a few of the
magic Tabules or Tablets in my pocket regularly, bo as to be able to ewallow one
on She first sign of approaching trouble ; but now. and for some time past. I
am, and have been, a perfectly well man. Many of my fellow miners are
familiar with my case, and not a few of them have learned to follow my example
and always keep two or three of the Tabules in an accessible pocket, and to take
one at the first sign of an internal disturbance or anything like a headache.'
BAZLROAD TBAVEL.
SAN FRANCISGU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiboron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAIk '
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. : 1J:».
» 80. 6:10 6-30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at ii:3o p. m. Baturdays-Extrs, trips at l:H
SUNDAY 9:10. 11:80 a. m.; IM. »J».
''"SANDRA FAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
K S^ A I:V p lo 7: fitJr^V^^trt trips'
«^fYl^:* 9 ?«. m v:10 a. «.: to* »:«fc |
BetWeen S^Francisco and SchueUea Park
same schedule as abOTe. ;
SanF^n^ San^ran^soq
SSSf I g^j^^_J^JJS^_
7:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. 'Novato. «| : £»- in -! 1 5:i2£E"
8:80 p.m. l 9:30 a.m. Petalnma. b-10p.m. | 1020 a.m.
a:lCp.m.SS:oop.m.| Santa Rosa. 7 :35 p.m. « :22p.m.
~~ Fulton, „ _
7 «)a.m Windsor. 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburjr,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
7:30 p.m. S:(Toa.m. Cloverdale. 7:85 p.m. 1 g :22p.m.
i IHopland and I v _
7 :J»a.m. 181 8 -00a.m. I llklah. | 7:85 p.m. 8:22 p.m.
\ ■ ajam. ~ j "~ j [ 10 :35 a. m.
8:00 a.m. Guernevllle. 7:35 p.m. j
B:Sop.m. ' '• P- m -
7 30a.m. 1S :00a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
6:10p.m.15 Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 8:22 p.m.
iaSSlflBS:£l **"*** lT=SSP?;gg:g:
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprings; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for
Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake,- Porno. Potter
Valley. John Day's. Riverside. LlerUy*s, Buck-
nell's. Sanhedrin Heights, HullvllU, BoonvlUa,
Grr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort j
Bragg - Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*»
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. -^ ■.;■,:
Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronicle
'FOSTER. H. X. RYAN.
Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
|f===s=i] CALIFORNIA
li^^^^j LIMITED.
l^fffffi SAN FRANCISCO
|^J^£iliiSa3| CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace wing-Room Sleepers,
3% days to Chicago, 4V4 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves dally at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman.
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connect 'on in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 6*4 Market
street. Chronicle ' building. Telephone Main
1520. Oakland office. 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office. 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. ■
From San Francisco, -Commencing September
19, 1397. , . ■
WEEK DATS. -
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »7:Js. •9:ml
11:30 a. m. »1:45, 8:45, •S.-tf, S:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. to.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo, al»:«La l»:«L
•11:30 a. m. '1:1 a. 3:00, "4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked * run to San Quentin.
% ■-••■■/. THROUGH TRAINS. - ..
t;l5 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions: 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY,
,; / (Via Sausalito Ferry). \
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber IS. 1897:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:48 p. m. r:..;;^^--
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, fl. . . .
THOfl. COOK & SON. Agents. Ol Marks* ';
■treat. San Franciaoo.
■J batlboad t&avel.
■Ol THK.KN PACIFIC COJIPAST.
(PACIFIC system.)
: Train* IrKTr itnil nre <lv« to nrrlts sts
NAN lit V\< J -.««».
(Main Line. Foot ot Market Street) k
have — From January 1, 1898. —-' ABRrm
~»6]©Oa Niles, San Joso and Way Stations... »H:4.Sa
7:OOa Becicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:43 a
TiOOa MarygTille, Oroville and Redding via -
.. Woodland s:^? p
~:OOa VacaTille and Rumscy 8:43*
. 7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo. Napa-
CalUtoga and Santa Rosa b:l3p
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Og.len and J'.aat.. Ss4sf
»i»i»a T ilcB, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, M»rysville, Chico.
aud lied Muff -«il."»r
I •SsSOa Peters. Milton and Oakdale KTtlSif
•iOOa Now Orlonns Kxpress, Merced, Ray-
mond, Fresno, J?akersliel<l, Santa
n»rl>ar>, Job Angeles, Xieatlug,
El l'aso, New Orleans and East. e«43F
9:*oa Vallejo, Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 1*:1»>
•l:O«p Sacramento liirer Stemners "W:«)Op
l:O0r Niles, San Jc3o and Way Stations.. 10:15 a
l:3Op Martinez and Way Stations... ~:4»r
3:O0r Livermore, Jleudota, Ilanford and
Visalia 4:15 v
Uvermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations i»thl»*
4:*« - Martinei, Han Ramon, Vallojo,
Napa, OallstOfia, El Verono and
Santa Rosa »il*A
«i«4»j> Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland, vi
:. Vi- ■ Kuit'hts Lauding, MarysTille, t)ro-
x ' Tllle aud Sacramento l«tO*
4t»Or Nilea, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7ilsr
4tBOp Laturop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, Mojave (for Randsburg),
Santa Barbara and I,os Angeles.. 7i43a
■ 4iS«r Santa Vn Route, Atlantio Uxpren
for Moja»e ami ICast 9t*ST
«Js:3oi> " Sunset Limited." Los Angeles, 3a
Paso, Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East §IO:13a
VBttVP " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans and East {lOiISa
OtOOr European Mnil, Ugden and l'.ast 9:43 a
•:OOi>naynardß,Nlleaand Han Jose 7*4.1*.
}S:OOi- Vallejo t7»45»
S:OO? Oregou IJxprcns, Sacramento. Marys-
Tille. Redding. Portland. Pnget
Bound anil Kast BilBa,
SiN LKA.NKHO AM) lIAVU'AUDS LOCAL.
___ (Foot of Market Street.)
<"6i©«aT~ "~ T 7»lBi
8:0« a Mcl rose, Seminary Park, *!J s i2 A
i \VI%X Fitcliburir, Elmhurst, ( U»J
<U:00a Bam Lenndro. Sosth Sam. I ?'1i* lr
U*>«* U Le,.«ro f Ert.dlllt > ' #*H
ibftoop LoreßßO, Cherry. 1 *■*'*''
4:0«p . «3i4Bp
S:OOp *"<* { 6:ISr
5.30P Haynards. Vl%*
7:« Op ■ Bl i^ p
8:00? i Ran, through to Niles. f •'«
' COAST l»IVls!O> (Narrow (i»H(?e).
7V- (Foot of Market Street.)
■sISA Newark,Ceiiterville,.Sau.lose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations .••...•.••••••••.•••...■••*■ ■•■•»
•tilßr Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Aimaden, Felton, Uonlder Creek,
Baxita Crux and Principal Way
Stations. 'S1!!*S 1 !!*
«tl!»r Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos . . . 9:89*.
tll>4Sp Hunters' Excursion, Sao Jose and i __^'
Way Stations: -• t7«op •
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
»r»m SIN fRIBOISCO-Foot of Jlark«t Strwt (3!ip 8)—
•7 15 9:00 11:0 la.m. 11:33 *2:00 43:09
•4:00 . 20:00 *6:00r.M.
fri«OilUHß—f»«t»f Broadway .—"6:oo 8:00 10rfWA.it.
1 12:00 »l:00 --' $3:00 *3:00 tltOO *3:oQr.ii.
COAST 111 VISION (Broad Oauge).
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
•(53a San Jose ami Way Stations (New m
Aimaden Wednesdays only) •*•*)
9i9»a San Joso. MM Pinos, Santa Crux.
•**•' ' ■■•.. Tacilio Grove, Taso Ilobles, San ■.-' ;■;; :: f -;■
Tails Oblspo. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations. .i' 1
19i49a Sau Jose and Way Stations 22? A
Ili3Oa Ban Jose anil Way Stations ....... 8:35 a
•S:8Op San Mat?o. Redwood, Mculo Park, .
Santa Clara, San .lose. Gilroy.
Hollister. Santa Cruz, Salinas, ■■-
Monterey and Tadlic (irore "Ioi4oa
•»:15p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations # 9:OO A
•4:l3i'BanJoBeau.l Principal Way Btatlour *'■***■
•siO«»p San Jose and Principal Way Station* 1 :SOr
3t3or San .Tose ami Principal Way Statious 5:80p
. 6:»0p San Jose ami Way Stations 2 sJ ! Of
j11:45p San Jose ami Way 5tati0n5.. ....... «i«»p
A for Morning. - V for Afternoon.
•Bnnriavsexcepte<l. J Sundays only, + Saturday* only.
i', Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
■ 5 Mondays and Thursdays.
. f Wednesdays and Saturdays.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQU'N
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1597, trains will ■ run as
follows: . ■ -
~\, Southbound.""" ■ '" | Northbound.
Faßsea- Mixed c,~tinn«. * Ilx Passe*
• g;er Sunday Stauona. Sunday per
Daily Exc'p'td Exc'p'td Dally.
7JO a.m. 9.-00 a.m. Stockton 8:45 p.m. 6:40 p. ra.
8:10 a.m. 12:30 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 8:53 p. a.
30:40 a.m. 8:50 p.m. Fresno J:3Ua.m. 2:20 p.m
11:40 a.m. 6:20 p.m. Hanford . :-J5 a.m. l:isp.ua
12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. Viaalia 6:40 a.m. 13:40 p. la
Stopping at Intermediate po Ints wQea reauired.
connections*— At' budttus) with steamboats of'
C. N*. & I. Co.. leaving • San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. dally: at . Merced with
stages to and from Snellings. Coultervtlle, etc;'
also with stare for Hornitoa. Martposs, eta.j
m» L..1,...1ii-i — i*w -*~a* tta «i iuaUiiJ-M.
56
TUESDAY MARCH 29, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFPICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steven«on Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
eerved by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.. By mall $6 per year: per montt)
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall, $150
OAKLAND OFFICE -__- 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Bulldlnft
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl££* House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock.- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkjn street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2191 Market
•treet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock.- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "A Gay Deceiver "
Columbia— "A Naval Cadet"
Aloaiar— ••The Mummy- '
Moroßco's— "Ten Nlg-hts In a Barroom."
Tlvoll— "The Widow O'Brien."
Orphev.m— Vaudeville.
Calif oruia Theater— Lecture by V. Marlon Crawford.
The Chutes — The Zoo, Vaudeville and Lion Hunt
Olympla, corner Mason and Kddv streets — Specialties.
Emporium— Delorme's Sunlight Picture, " mterleur de
lermc."
Pacific Const Jockoy Club. Insleslde Track— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
E.v M. German— This day. March 2a, Hardware, at 1011 liroad-
way, Oakland, at Ho clock.
Bj Frank \V. Rutterfield-Thls day, March JU. Furniture, at
HOB M.i.-vii street, a; n o'clock.
By A. F. Kicker— This day, March 29. Horses, at 721 Howard
■treet, at li o clock.
By I. .1. Bar;h-Wedncsday, March 80, Furniture, at 1305^
Goluen Uate avenue, at n o'clock.
By (.. H. Umbeen— Monday, April i, Real Estate, at U Mont-
gomery street, at l- o'clock.
SAN MATEO HIGHWAYS.
AN address, prepared by Commissioner John R.
Price, has just been issued by the Department
of Highways to the people of San Mateo
County on the condition of their roads and the pro
posed issue of bonds for the purpose of raising money
to improve them. The address is excellent in every
respect, and will undoubtedly have good effect in con
vincing the voters of the ad%isability of supporting a
movement of such importance to their welfare.
The argument of the address does not deal with the
advantages of good roads generally. It is directed
to the people of San Mateo, and confines itself closely
to the conditions of the roads there. Nevertheless it
ought to have a wide circulation throughout the
State, for the lessons taught in San Mateo are worth
learning elsewhere. In many other counties the con
ditions of the highways are essentially the same as in
the one to which the address is specifically directed,
and the reasons why San Mateo should vote bonds
for road improvements would be just as valid with
slight changes of statistics and names of localities if
applied to them.
One of the features of the address of general in
terest is the explanation of the necessity of bond is
sues for extensive road improvements. The law per
mits Supervisors to levy a tax not exceeding 40 cents
on the $100 for road purposes, and an act passed at
the last session of the Legislature authorizes a levy
of a special tax of 20 cents on the $100 for the im
provement of main public highways within each dis
trict. None of this can be expended in any district
other than the one in which the property tax was
levied. Under this system a rich district may improve
its highways, but a poor district is entirely helpless
and its road work is confined to small proportions by
reason of a lack of money.
As the address points out, it is this system that
prevents the connection of important points by good
roads. A poor and thinly settled district cannot afford
to pay the cost of constructing a grand highway
through its territory, however advantageous such
connection with richer districts might prove in the
long run. There is no method now provided by law
to overcome the difficulty except it be by a bond is
sue, and it is for that reason the work of road and
highway improvement in San Mateo is so largely de
pendent upon the result of the vote which is to be
taken on the proposed i^sue.
It is not to be denied that all sections of San Mateo
will be benefited by the construction of the grand
thoroughfare to connect the main high road system
of San Francisco with that of Santa Clara, and also
by the opening of a good wagon road from the San
Francisco line to that of Santa Cruz. These benefits
being certain and the fact being clear that the only
way to obtain them is by bond issue, it can hardly
need further argument to convince the voters of San
Mnteo that good business sense is on the side of the
bond proposition. At any rate, the address by reason
of its comprehensive study of road work and highway
conditions in San Mateo is a valuable contribution to
the statistical literature of the State, and the Highway
Commissioners deserve commendation for the work
of preparing and publishing it.
Thomas H. Kerr, in a communication to this paper,
printed yesterday morning, takes the position that if
the Cubans do not like the way they are treated they
have only to demonstrate that they are loyal to Spain.
Mr. Kerr's philosophy is so convincing it is a wonder
it had not been sooner advanced. If the martyrs -of
old found the process of being burned unpleasant
they could have avoided it and died raw, of old age.
by casting aside the faith for which they were willing
to die. Furthermore, Mr. Kerr overlooks the really
important truth that the people being starved in Cuba
are not insurgents nor the families of insurgents, but
"pacificos," who have no desire to fight, and have
been driven from their little farms to the towns lest
something they raised might go to the sustenance of
the native troops.
There does not seem to be any occasion for the
services of a mediator between this country and
Spain so far as the Maine is concerned. The matter
has been left to the honor of Spain, and as Spain has
filled a history while demonstrating that she has no
honor, it may be considered as laid on the table.
Perhaps it is a mere superstition to look upon the
battle-ship Texas as a hoodoo, and yet a country with
the interests of its navy at heart can but hope that
sooner or later the Texas would conquer its inclina
tion to cut across lots.
When the Duke of Veragua termed McKinley "an
ignorant sutler" he breathed that sweet spirit of fra
ternity which seems about to result in peace with a
whole lot of honor.
SOME ALASKAN PROBLEMS.
THERE arc two features of the Alaskan situation
which require the immediate attention of the
authorities at Washington. The first of these is
the settlement of the dispute over the boundary line
between Alaska and the Canadian territory, and the
second is the establishment of a postal route to the
Klondike country.
The Canadian officials have not waited for the
boundary line to be settled before fixing their cus
toms depots on the outermost line of their claims.
Reports came from Juneau some time ago that Cana
dian customs officers had established themselves on
the summit of the passes over the mountains behind
Dyea, and these reports have now been amply con
firmed. Canada has taken an advanced position, and
will hold it until the final settlement of the boundary
dispute.
Governor Brady of Alaska and Collector Ivey re
cently went over the trail from Dyea for the purpose
of making an official investigation of the position
taken by the Canadians, and found them located as
had been reported. Ivey's instructions from Wash
ington were to post two sub-collectors of the United
States customs service at Lake Bennett, but Captain
Belcher, who was in charge of the Canadian mounted
police on the summit, informed them that they could
not do so. He had assumed his station on the moun
tains by instructions from his superiors, and therefore
could not consent to the establishment of an Ameri
can customs depot within the lines claimed by hi 3
Government.
The point of controversy is one of growing import
ance by reason of the rapidly increasing trade and
business of the Klondike country. It was announced
a short time ago that arrangements for fixing the
boundary had been agreed upon by the two nations,
but this was afterward denied. In view of the action
of the Canadian Government it is clear that further
delay in determining the boundary is likely to lead
to a conflict that may make a burning issue
out of something which could now be settled with
ease. This, therefore, is the time to deal with the
matter and put an end to the dispute.
The establishment of an adequate postal service is
hardly less imperative than the settlement of the
boundary. According to the latest reports no mail
has been received at Dawson since last September.
Complaints have been made that even at Dyea the
postomce officials have exacted a fee for delivering
mails, and that the service has been used as a means
of extorting money from the public.
This condition of affairs is something of a Gov
ernmental disgrace. The trade of Alaska and the
Klondike country demands mail facilities, and it will
be a gross neglect on the part of the postal authorities
if such facilities are not made equal to the true needs
of the people at once.
THE VALUE OF FORESTS.
A WRITER connected with the Department of
Agriculture says that at the present rate of
destruction there will be hardly a forest tree
left in this country in fifty years.
We have already called attention to this subject in
noticing the summer session of the Forestry Con
gress to be held in this State next July. The Presi
dent has just proclaimed another great timber reser
vation in the San Bernardino mountains in Southern
California.
The reservations in this State are now so extensive
as to demand the application to them, most actively,
of the principles of forestry. We hope this will be
discussed by the coming congress. It will not do to
reserve immense forest tracts and then let nature take
her course. The exclusion of stock increases the
amount of combustible material on the forest floor,
while it is made necessary to preserve the sprouting
timber which is to make the future crop. This
crop, however, is equally sure of devastation by fire
in the accumulation of duff and dried grasses.
These reservations cannot be effectively protected
against fire by mere exclusion of shepherds, herds
men and campers. It is known that forest fires occur
in our mountains from lightning in the not infrequent
thunderstorms that occur in the dry season. It will
prove to be necessary that measures be taken to re
move the dead and fallen timber, the fallen leaves
and resinous cones which drop after they have opened
and spilled their seeds, and to penetrate and surround
especially valuable timber tracts with wide roads,
than which there is no better preventive of the spread
of fire.
In Europe all of these things are done by trained
foresters, who graduate in special schools and con
stitute a branch of the regular civil service of the
State. When we have advanced sufficiently in forestry
and the open timber is so destroyed as to make
necessary the commercial use of timber within the
reservations, its harvest under preservative regula
tions may be leased to mill men, who will pay stump
age for the privilege, and thus provide an income to
meet the expense of preserving the timber and pro
moting its growth on these reservations.
The manufacture of wood pulp is reaching im
mense proportions in the United States. A thousand
plants are now engaged in this business. The very
paper on which this article is printed was but recently
a green tree. The wood used for pulp is generally
of the sorts not favored for lumber or dimension
timber. In securing pulping trees the same destruc
tive methods are followed as in lumbering. The pulp
woods arc being rapidly exhausted, while the demand
for pulp is as rapidly increasing. Under these con
ditions forestry must be resorted to for information
as to the propagation and preservation of the pulp
woods. If properly treated the forests which furnish
it can be kept producing, and soon the product will
become a very valuable and important article of ex
port.
The trees now used are spruce, poplar, pine, hem
lock, bass wood, balsam, cypress, birch, maple, beech,
buckeye and gum. We have the most of them here.
The buckeye especially abounds and has not here
tofore attracted attention for its economic possibili
ties. It is a rapid grower, thrives in rocky and
unpromising situations, has high resistance to
aridity, bears nuts abundantly, and its propa
gation may become very interesting and profit
able. The spruce forests of the State are
considerable, and, by reason of their winged
seeds, are persistent and capable of spreading, pro
vided they are protected from fire. From this source,
aso, revenue may be derived to maintain a system of
forestry. The adaptation of such system to our laws,
form of government and popular habits is a subject
of the keenest interest, and its immediate discussion
by foresters and lawyers is very necessary.
There appears to be reason for the statement sent
by telegraph that the President will not waver. Spain
seems to be in a mood to do all the wavering neces
sary. ■ #
It was a fine little war cloud, but it seemed to lack
the element of stability.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 29, IS9B.
PROTECT THE UNWARY.
OBSERVING persons cannot have failed to
notice that there is a tinge of medievalism in
the religious zealotry with which the police
of many American cities is now occasionally com
pelled to deal. That this zeal is largely commercial
no longer admits of doubt. The success of the Salva
tion Army, with its uniforms and military organiza
tion, its tambourine bands and marching women, has
revived among a certain impressionable class oi
Americans some of the spirit which animated the
Crusaders and which, even in the enlightened days,
may yet send armed men out to fight a less formid
able individual than the Turk.
The basis of the Salvation Army is sound finance.
Its officers are mostly paid and its credit is well recog
nized throughout the United States and Great Brit
ain. The contest for control which lately took place
at New York between members of the Booth family
resembled a dispute among Roman Bishops in the
early days of Christianity. The American wing of the
army rebelled against the fiscal management of the
British wing. The foreign Booths wanted to handle
all the money. This was deemed to be un-American,
and, in order to save the organization on this side of
the water, the elder Booth was obliged to concede
the establishment here of a Salvation Army military
chest.
It is not at all surprising that the success of the
Salvationists should have given life to other religious
"armies." But it Is a somewhat striking circum
stance that many of the imitators of the Salvation
Army possess a fraudulent character. In this city it
is of record that crime has actually been committed
in the name of an organization called the "Army of
Jesus Christ." That the men who were unearthed by
the police in this case were animated by religious fer
vor is impossible. They were like the Roman wolves
who adopted the hooded cloak and learned the secrets
of the Christians, only to betray them to the bloody
Cesars.
There may be and probably are sincere people in
all the semi-military societies now being organized
throughout the country in imitation of the Salvation
Army. But that many of them, like the "Army of
Jesus Christ," are being launched for purposes of
plunder is extremely probable. One of these societies
is called the "Army of Heaven at Hand." Its leaders
promise immediate paradise at reduced rates; that is,
where it costs a couple of dollars a month to belong
to other "armies," and secure future salvation, bliss
on the spot is guaranteed for four bits.
Of course this is absurd. But proof that it is not
too absurd to secure followers is not wanting. Under
the constitution religious freedom is guaranteed.
Every man may seek happiness and salvation by
whatever means he pleases. But it cannot be denied
that the efforts of designing men to prey upon the
zealotry of the people ought to be regulated by some
body. No one believed that such an institution as the
Salvation Army could grow powerful in America un
til the physical fact became apparent. Now that the
presence among us of large numbers of people who
should have lived in the middle ages is established
measures should be taken to protect them from irre
sponsible and insincere religionists.
PUT DOWN BY PL^IN FACTS.
AS may be noted by a glance at the telegraphic
columns this morning a San Jose paper in a
fit of malign hysteria has been accusing The
Call of an attempt to injure the material interests of
Santa Clara Valley. While under ordinary circum
stances a charge so foolish would not be worth notic
ing, coming as it does from a paper about which
there yet lingers a vanishing remnant of decency and
which still remembers the day when it had a measure
of respectability and influence, it might tend to give
a false impression.
The Mercury is the puilty sheet. It is run by a
discreditable political boss named Rea. The Call has
been active in laying bare the corruption of which
Rea is the source and the center, and is pleased to
have stirred up much indignation among his follow
ers. It has even caused an impulse of anger t ruffle
the brow of Rea, and, as the truth wa the only weap
on used against him, naturally he turned to falsehood
as his available instrument. While never very effec
tive, it was the one with which he was familiar.
The paper which is the medium between Rea and a
limited portion of the public also has grievances. It
has noted with pain that The Call has become a
force in its territory. It has observed the pretenses
of the Rea gang held up to the light, and its own
power waning, as the true character of the forces be
hind it came to be understood. Hence the wild and
silly attack upon The Call; an attack founded osten
sibly upon a dispatch sent out by the Associated
Press, of which the agent in San Jose is city editor
of the Mercury, but really founded on a malevolent
hatred born of iniquity exposed. It Was the wail of
the enmeshed rascal, the expression of disregard
made by the rogue who has begun to feel the halter
draw.
THE CATTLE QUARANTINE.
IT is gratifying to learn by a dispatch from Sacra
mento that the restrictions of the national quaran
tine which have been so prejudicial to the cattle
industry of the southern part of the State have, in a
iarge measure, been set aside, and that it will now be
possible for cattlemen to remove their stock from the
districts where the drought prevails to points north
of the quarantine line, where there is good pasture for
them.
The removal of the southern cattle northward will
not in any way injure the northern industry, for the
cattle from that section can be removed if desired
across the State line. Thus the way is open to obtain
abundant rood fo- all, and the menace of loss which
confronied the cattlemen is overcome. The relief is
timely and will result in an immense saving to one
of the great interests of the commonwealth.
The Call directed attention to the importance of
some sucn relief as this a few days ago, and at that
time pointed out the need of a thorough revision of
the whole quarantine system. What has been accom
plished flow by the energies of Governor Budd and
the Sece.ary of the State Board of Health in pressing
the subjtct upon the consideration of the Secretary
of Agriculture provides relief which seems ample foi
the present emergency, but it is likely that even more
could be 'ittaineii by a persistent demand fof a reform
in the law as a whole.
The drought of the season has brought the evil
effects of the law as it stands clearly before the people,
md. while the airo-nt of relief granted h most grati
fying, the issue should not be allowed to pass from
public attention until all the arguments of the cattle
men have had a full hearing at Washington and all
their rightful claims satisfied.
The public would be glad to learn that Zola was
to have a new trial. It is speaking mildly indeed to
say that the one he had was a farce.
HYMN OF THE
GOLD-SEEKERS.
jod of the universe, into whose fastnesses
Searching for treasure we now betake us;
God of the universe, who art our father,
Guide us and guard us even as children
On our long journey.
remper the boisterous winds of the Northland,
Sotten the road to our faltering footsteps,
Teach us to see in the stars o' the nighttime
Beacons that shine o'er the heads of our loved ones
Here in the Westland.
strengthen our faith lest the gloom and the silence
Make us afraid in the days of our exile ;
Strengthen our hope that we bravely look forward
Through our privations' to loving reunions
With wives or with sweethearts.
Send us reminders of those who await us,
Com:ort and guard them during our absence;
Let them not sorrow, but know that thou watchest
Over the snow-covered mountains and deserts
All the world over.
Grant us good fortune and freedom from sickness,
Grant us good-fellowship, strong and unselfish;
Hasten the day of our hoped-for returning
Home to the land of our pioneer fathers —
Dear California.
God cf the universe, into whose fastnesses
Searching for treasure we now betake us;
God of the universe, who art our father,
Guide us and guard us even as children
On our long journey.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
I. Lewiston of Rocklin is at the Cali
fornia.
J. Lewlson of Rocklin is at the Cali
fornia.
O. W. Priest of Boston is at the Occi
dental.
Lloyd England, U. S. A., Is at the Occi
dental.
F. G. Ludlow of Los Angreles is at the
Grand.
W. G. Blatt of Detroit is a guest at the
Palace.
A. C. Bryer of New York is at the
Palace.
J. Dannheiser from Chicago is at the
California-
John Markley of Geyserville is a guest
at the Lick.
H. E. Picket, a miner from Placervllle,
is at the Lick.
Attorney H. T. Corbin of Cincinnati is
at the Palace.
E. Badger and wife of Boston are at
the Occidental.
W. A. Avery, a druggist from Detroit,
is at the Palace.
L. S. Alexander of Watsonville is stay
ing at the Occidental.
George A. Kelly, a merchant of Pitts
burg, is at the Palace.
U. S. Grant Jr. is registered at the
Palace from San Diego.
J. G. Mott, the Los Angeles capitalist,
Is a guest at the Palace.
Edward T. Tipton, a mining man of
Anaconda, is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Stuart Brown are at the
Palace from Pittsburg, Pa,
T. M. Brown, a Denver capitalist, ar
rived at the Baldwin yesterday.
Charles Robbins, a mining man from
Spokane, is a guest at the Palace,
O. H. P. Noyes, a merchant of YoEo
hama, is registered at the Palace,
"Swift Water
Bill," alias Gates,
the Klondike
mining and mat
rimonial expert,
has again graced
San Francisco
with his pres-
► <
, WILLIAM "THE <
i DISTINGUISHED" <
' ARRIVES. C
i t
oooooooo<
ence. The compliment was paid to the
municipality yesterday morning and came
through the medium of the eastern over
land. William is to be with us but a
short time, as he is merely touching here
on his way to the frozen waters of the
Yukon where he has a few odd millions
awaiting him on the dumps of El Dorado
No. 13. Billy did not intend going north
so soon, as he is not quite satiated with
the connubial delights to be found In San
Francisco as yet. But a few days ago he
received word from the Dawson City
Street Department that his accumulation
of gold dust had become a nuisance and
that unless he had it removed he would
be arrested for misdemeanor and fined
five dollars for obstructing the thorough
fare.
fleeting days was the partner of his joys ■
and sorrows, nor does he care, as his soul |
has turned from things romantic. Mrs !
Will, since she remarked that hubby was j
a false alarm and could slide for all she i
cared, has been engaged In preparing for
a divorce.
Dr. F. W. Force, a prominent physician
of Minneapolis, is at the Occidental.
W. A. G. McKenzie, a railroad man of
Santa Maria, is a guest at the Grand.
F. W. Covey, the superintendent of the
Palo Alto stock farm, Is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. Sanger Pullman left last
Bight for Chicago, where they expect to '
Howard V. Sutherland.
be received with open arms by Mamma
Pullman, who will forgive them and kill
the fatted calf.
William Alexander of Toronto, Canada,
is one of the late arrivals at the Lick.
Chief Justice Beatty has returned to the
city after a month's visit to Kentucky.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Barnett of Colorado
Springs are registered at the Occidental.
J. A. Strowbridjje is a traveler from
Portland, Or., who is staying at the Lick.
J. M.. Studebaker, a merchant from
South Bend, Jr ... is a guest at the
Palace.
James J. Corbett arrived in the city
yesterday morning and went' to the St.
Nicholas.
William Mead of Portland is at the
Baldwin, where he arrived yesterday
morning.
State Senator D. A. Ostrom of Tuba
County Is at the Grand, accompanied by
his wife.
A. E. Bousfleld of Bay City, Mich., Is
at the Palace, accompanied by his wife
and family.
A. J. Lachman and family, who haye 1
just returned from a year's trip abroad,
are at the Lick.
F. Marlon Crawford, the novelist, who
is out here on a lecturing tour, and J. B.
Pond of New York, are at the Palace.
J. R. Dwyer and wife of Los Angeles
arrived in the city yesterday on a pleas
ure trip of a few days' duration.
Manager Bowles
of the "Gay De
ceiver" Company
wanted a picture
of M. A. Kennedy
the worst way
the other day, but
though he hunted
HOW BOWLES
MET WITH
DISAPPOINT
MENT.
high and low, he was unable to find one.
Finally he bethought himself of the
photograph gallery where they had been
taken, and traveled down there to see if
he could not havo some struck. The gal
lery had been cleaning out Its stock, and
a large pile of o.ld plates had been put
out on the sidewalk, over which a number
of street gamins were squabbling and
fighting. As Mr. Bowles came along he
stopped to watch the fun, and, approach
ing one of the boys, looked over his shoul
der and saw a plate in his hanu which
had "M. A. Kennedy" written on it. "Give
me that plate, boy," he said, as he
stretched out his hand toward the ur
chin. The boy turned, and, mistaking
Bowles for a nolieeman. was so paralyzed
with fright that the plate dropped from
his nerveless hand and was shattered on
the pavement. It was the only plate in
the city, and Mr. Bowles returned from
his errand fully persuaded that he was
the victim of the hardest kind of a ho^
doo.
I
_____^ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROYAL is the only Baking:
Powder that will keep
fresh and of full strength
in the climate of the Yukon.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK. -
THE BRITISH NAVAL ESTIMATES
Great ±>ritait, in its efforts to create
and maintain a navy equal at least to
the combined navies of two of the C<m
tinental powers is put to such an ex
pense as to maie It doubtful if the limit
of expen, urea .n that direction has not
been reached. The naval, estimates are
now nearly 80 per cent larger than they
were ten years ago, and the personnel
has been Increased over 70 per cent since
ISSS-S9. The statement of the First Lord
of the Admiralty explaining- the navy
estimates for IS9S-99 was 'presented to
Parliament on MaTch 3, and contains in
the briefest possible language the opera
tions for the past year and the pro
gramme for the ensuing fiscal year. Tak
ing the estimates now submitted, and
those of ten years ago it should be re
membered that while the votes for 1895-96
were 50 per cent hijrnor than in 1888-89,
the total has now riser, to $20.357,000 above
that of 1595-96.
Navy estimates of Great Britain, ISSS-S9
and IS9S-99:
Estlmntes.
Officers and men ' tt.400 106,390
Officers and men — wages., $ J5.M3.600 $ 24.940.003
Victuals and clothing 1782.000 7.468,500
Medical establishment 597.500: S&.000
Royal Naval Reserves 715.000 1.255.000
Shipbuilding and Repairs. 15.:i9,500| 84.(>J5,0<)0
Naval Armaments 9.317,500 12.746.000
Miscellaneous 19.215.500j 17,62J,500
Total |$ 60,414.000j5115.892.000
Other Items increased, such as coal ex
penditures for ships from J1.570.000 to J3.
025.000, show the Increased cost of modern
cruismg ships, and the raise of workmen
in the dockyards from 20,858, receiving
$6,906,446 ten years since, to 26,340 with a
pay of $9,265,220, indicates that the dock
yards are being utilized batter than a de
cade ago.
The most notable part of the First
Lord's statement Is that relating to new
construction. It is proposed to com
mence three battleships, four armored
cruisers and four sloops, all three of the
battleships and two of the sloops to
be built in the dockyards. Including these
new orders the following vessels will be
under construction or completion during
1898-99: namely: Twelve battleships, six
teen first-class cruisers, six seciind-clasa '
cruisers, ten third-class cruisers, si*
sloops, four twin-screw gunboats, forty
one torpedo boat destroyers and one royal
yacht, making ninety-six vessels In all,
or nearly as many as there are in the
United States navy, with a large pre
ponderance of tonnage for Great Britain.
T.he labor troubles from July, 1597, up to
February last were a great drawback to
contractors and dockyards, and the naval
programme of last year was greatly re
duced in its actuality. In the coming
year all of the torpedo boat destroyers
will be completed, and at least three bat
tleships and eight first-class cruisers will
be placed In commission.
Steady progress is being made In naval
ordnance, improved quick-firing guns of
six inches are under contract, and all tha
breech-loaders of that caliber will have
been converted Into quick-firers six
months hence. Corvite Is gradually re
placing ordinary gunpowder, and new
small arms have been provided, while
earlier types of torpedoes have been with
drawn and replaced with modern ones.
The British navy in Its material and per
sonnel has undergone a complete trans
formation in the past ten years at a vast
expense, but it has yet to prove its sup
posed superiority; perhaps even Its utility.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BORN AT SEA— M. X., City. A child
born at sea is a native of the country, the
flag of which is flown by the ship on
which the child was born. It does not
make any difference in which waters It
is at the time. It is the flag, not the
water, that governs.
THE ALABAMA— H. F.. City. The
Confederate cruiser Alabama was a wood
en vessel. She was first known as the
290. She engaged the Kearsarge In com
bat just outside the harbor of Cherbourg,
France, on the 19th of June, 1564. and
was sunk by the United States vessel.
ONE OF IS34— B. K. F., Alameda. Cal.
If you have a $5 gold piece of 1834 with
the motto "E Pluribus Unum" on the
reverse, dealers will pay from $6 to $7 for
the same, according to condition. If it is
without the motto it does not command
a premium. If you wish to buy one with
the motto you will have to pay fromj»l2
to $18.
ST. GOTHARD TUNNEL— J. E. C, Mil
brae, Cal. The St. Gothard tunnel in
Europe is nine and one-quarter miles in,
length, is twenty-six and one-half feet
wide and eighteen feet ten inches from
floor to crown of arch. It was commenced
in October, 1872, and was completed in
February. ISSO. The first railway train
passed through it early in 188 L
PLACER MINING— A. S., Presidio, Cal.
There is at this time placer mining In
California in Calaveras, Placer, Trinity,
Siskiyou and Shasta counties, but this
department is unable to advise you
"which would be the best for two men to
locate in." If you will call at the office
of the California Mining Bureau you can.
obtain a copy of the latest report, which
will give you considerable information
about placer mining in this State.
LIFTING LOG— DIGGING DITCH— B..
Santa Cruz, and Me, City. It is a fixed
rule of this department not to answer
problems In arithmetic. If the answer be
furnished in one instance answers would
have to be furnished to every question of
that character and soon every schoolboy
and girl would flood the department with
problems they would like to have aolved.
For that reason the questions asked ara
not answered.
Finest eyeglasses, specs, 15c up, 33 4th.*
Choice present Eastern friends. Town
send's Cal. Glace Fruits 50c lt> Jap bskts.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Paul's Inks, non-spillable and non-evap
orating, small bottles, 10c; quarts, 60c.
Paul's Mucilage, small bottles. 15e; large^..
bottles, 75c. Once used always used.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., sole agents for the
Pacific Coast. •
ON PROSPERITY'S HIGH ROAD.
During February the United States ex
ported $15,500,000 more than in the same
month last year, and imported 95.000.0 M
worth less. He who sells more than twice
as much as he buys is on tbt M&b road
to prosperity.— Philadelphia Record.
"Brows's Bronchial Taocm 1 * gtw relief
In all Bronchial Affections. a * ■- .• "■? aa<J B&.'e
remedy. Avoid Imitations-
The best appetizer ami «•»«&*»«■ •'* d!*«*»
tlve organs l« AxoosTrßA MUM »»WMT>d
by Da. T. G. B. Si kg but a SBjS»
VERY 1
Some of the criminal lawyer? *--* pecu
liar. ' If the jury is net cut ions enough
the members are access** c? not gUlnir
proper consideration tf> ■. -? evidence. v
ft is out for a lon«r ««• the judge Is
charged with coe-v ■••< ■«••• lork SunDEPARTURE OF
THE FREE TRADE
The Search for "an Island
of Gold" Will Begin
To-Day.
A Gay Lo-hario Wanted by
Sergeant Mahoney of the
Harbor Police.
Ran Away With Another's Wife, but
Was Caught and Now Elopes
With a Young Girl.
I
The b< hooner Free Trade will sail for
Alaska-, waters in search of "An Island
-day. The Honorables E. Tal
bot Wiitson and E. Page and Mining Ex
pert Fragrley put all their belongings
aboard last night, having come up from
Burl garoe during the day. Everything
iry for a stay on the island has
taken and a complete assaying out
ma part of the schooner's cargo.
M< 3srs. Watson and Pa^e are ais© taking
ffuna and fishing tackle as tin y ex*
to enjoy some aport in Alaskan wa-
Both gentlemen have hunted big
pame in Africa, prospected for diamonds
at KimbeiUy and assayed numerous
quartz ledges in Mashohalaiid. They ex
pect, however, tr. startle the world with
the fabulous wealth they will unearth in
the Aleutian group.
"Oh, yes; I shall leave San Francisco
to-morrow, but really you are mistaken
about my going to look for an island of
gold."
This was the way the Hon. H. Talbot
v at son put it as he sat in the reception
room of his elegant suite at the Palace
last evening, and permitted himself to be
interviewed in regard to his trip to one
of the islands in the Aleutian group,
whore gold is said to be as common as
rocks are in this Bection of the country.
In Sunday's Call was published an ac
count of th.- schooner Free Trade, which
had been purchased by English capital
ists and fitted out to go north to look
for the Islaiid of Gold— the one Captain
Charles A. Moore is said to have discov-
'The English capital referred to Is rep
■<rd by Hon. H. Talbot Watson and
Jinn. George Page, tils traveling compan
ion. Hon. Mr. Watson la a most affable
person to talk to, being possessed of en
gaging manners and much personal mag
m. He laughed at the idea that he
was K"inpr to look for an island of gold.
"M< i trip," said he; noth
ing else, 1 assure you. Of course, if our
party should run across anything worth
looking Into we will make an examination
of it. for 1 don't mind combining business
with pleasure. My main object is to look
for bis game, such as I have hunted all
he w orld."
The Hon. Mr. Watson laughed when he
had delivered himself of this speech, and
was in the manor of his denial a
B eonfirmatii n of the fact that he
nr.d h;<= companion are going to look for
the Island of Gold.
Ira are hard to get for deep water
ships, and in consecuence the Kenll
. bound for Honolulu to load supar
for New York, has !■• • n detained nearly a
week In the stream. There are now seven
aboard, but they have to be watched
closely to keep them from deserting- Jt
will probably be the latter part of this
week before the ship will be able to get
away. The Benjamin F. Packard was to
have pone on the Kenilworth's run. but
she injured her rudder post in the recent
tester and the repairs to her have
only been completed.
The steamer Valencia Is considerably
behind tfme and the acents da .not know
will sail again for Copper
River. It was I'-lf-Mrraph'-d from Seattle
that Captain Houdlette of the Australia
spoke her and that Captain Reid had
been compelled to throw overboard the
Icload of cattle. This story
;:i Houdlette denies and says he
.. the Valencia. Then it was
that the report came from the
steamer Chi'.cat. but it has not been veri
fied. The agents of the vessel say that
the Valencia has been delayed by the ice.
It has not yet disappeared from Prince
M'ilh'am Sound, and consequently the ves
not get to Orca Station to land her
;.g>'rs. As soon a* a landing- can be
made the steamer will return to San
Francisco.
The Heald Company of Oakland are
building a peculiar boat for the Yukon
trade. She has . a steel frame, twin
screws, vertical engines, and will be 80
feet long. 20 feet broad and will draw a
foot of water. The peculiarity consists
In the working of the twin propellers in
alleyways. This is made necessary by
the diameter of the screws being- greater
than the draft of the vessel. When the
forward movement begins the alleyways
fill with water, and that gives the pro
pellers all the fluid necessary to work in.
The schooner J. B. Leeds will be fitted
cut for a trip to St. Michael in a few
days. She has been chartered by the
Aurora Mining and Commercial Com
pany, and will take up in sections two
stern wheel steamers that are now being
constructed at North Beach.
tain T. Wallace has recovered from
ere attack <>f la grippe and has re
nd of the steamer Walla
Walla. Captain Thomas, who was tempo
rarily in i ommand of the Walla Walla,
north to assume command of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Alaskan fleet.
The crew of the revenue cutter Corwin
had a wreck drill yesterday. The vessel
Is at anch<# off Meiggs wharf, and the
command was given to abandon the ship,
us she was sinking. The boats were pro
visioned and manned, and everything
alive, even to the cutter's cat, got into
them. The captain was the last man to
abandon the Corwin. and when he got
Into his boat the men pulled away from
the supposed finking- craft. After rowing
away for about 500 yards they returned to
the vessel.
The schooner Rio Rev- spoke the sealing
schooner Beatrice off the Golden Gate
last Sunday with 150 sealskins.
- A first-class whistling buoy has been
placed near the wreck of the Helen W:
Almy. As soon as the necessary instruc
tions arrive from the East the wreck
will be blown up and the buoy removed.
Sergeant "Tom" Mahoney of the Har
bor police watched the Tiburon ferry all
day yesterday in hope of catching a run
away couple from Santa Rosa. The man
seems to be a regular Lothario. It is
only a few weeks ago that he ran away
with a married woman from Petaluma,
but her husband caught them at the fer
ries when they went back after their
trunks. He then went to Santa Rosa, and
has run away with a 17-year-old girl
named Sadie Williams. As the couple did
not come down on the San Francisco and
North Pacific train the chances are they
traveled by tne Southern Pacific route.
Mrs. A. J. Clunie Very 111.
The many friends of Mrs. A. J. Clunie
will be sorry to learn that she is so ill
that her life seems to tremble in the
balance. It was reported last night that
• r chances of recovery were very poor,
. re was a hope that her vitality
: be sufficient to carry her through.
Don't Cost Anything.
Those hand-painted book marks which
■listributed to ladies who call
at the offlca of tho San Francisco and
Kailroad, CSO Market street.
j and a novel means of ad
... "popular line.
Rulers of the Sugar Refinery.
The annual meeting and election of of
ficers of the Western Sugar Refining
Company was held yesterday, and the fol
lowing oncers elected to govern the com
pany during the coming year: President.
J. '' Spreckels; .re-president, Thomas
• frown; treasurer, A. B. Spreckels; secre-
Ro?hmai OO e bb r m ° X!iard; director. Oswald
The New York's Carero.
Several deputy ;ip praisers from the
V"!!l o F H Hf 'y se *-':i to-morrow visit the
■ tranced ship New York In Halfmoon
Bay for the purpose of appraising what
ever part oi the cargo may be a*ved.
The schooner Free Trade has been pot in commission and Captain Charles A* Moore will start in he
next Tuesday or Wednesday to relocate a spot in the Aleutian group which is cailed "The Island
of Gold." He will be accompanied by two English capitalists and a mining expert, who are be
hind the venture, and everybody concerned in the scheme expects to become rich.r than Croesu:.
JOB ON THIRD
STREET STOPPED
A Contract That Aroused
the Suspicion of Su
pervisors.
Work Laid Over to Give a
Chance -for Explan
ation.
Police Commissioner Gunst Will t>O
■Back to Europe for Another ~f ■»
•«..'7 . .-• ...-.- -•■.---:_ .-"'.*■■«*>■•
' • - ■-■-■ ' Six Months. ... ■• -*«^e.'
What appeared to b© a pretty job to
give a contracting firm an easy proposi
tion was nipped in the bud at the meeting
of the Board of Supervisors yesterday.
In the report of the Street Committee it
was recommended that the repavlng of
Third street, between Mission and How
ard be let to the firm of Fllnn & Treacy
for the sum of J2IOO. Before a vote could
be taken on the report Mayor Phelan dis
covered that John J. Dowling had made a
bid of $900 for the same work.
" He called attention to this fact, and Su
pervisor Britt at once took the floor In
! defense of the contract. He stated that
i Contractor Dowling had represented to
him that he had made a serious mistake
i in figuring on the work; uiat fie desired
j his bid withdrawn, and it would work a
grievous injustice on him if he were com
pelled to carry out the contract.
It was finally decided to give Dowling a
chance to appear before the Street Com
mittee on Thursday next and explain his
position in the matter and to defer action
on the subject until the committee can
make a report.
Supervisor Smitn Introduced a resolu
tion regarding the giving out of public
printing which he said was intended to
fix the responsibility in the matter. The
law requires that outside of the notices
that must be published In the official pa
per a certain amount of printing must be
given to other daily publications. Super
visor Sheehan made a motion that the
surplus public printing be distributed
among all the other daily papers except
1 Such* a course was opposed by Super
visor Sritt. who said that he had been
well treated by the business office of the
Examiner and did not propose to see the
paper suffer becaues there was a crooked
individual in charge of the editorial de
! partment • ,
A motion to place the disposal of public
printing in the hands of the clerk of the
board was defeated and it was finally de
cided to let the matter go over two weeks
in order to give the members a chance to
investigate.
Mr. Britt has the contract for the
plumbinig in the new Examiner building.
Police Commissioner M. A. Gunst was
given a leave of absence for six months,
with permission to leave the State. It la
understood that he will return to Carls-
Lad to continue medical treatment that
was begun some months ago.
Mayor Phelan presented a veto of reso
lution 815 empowering the City Engineer
to prepare plans and specifications for the
completion of the main sewer south of
Golden Gate Pack. He stated that the
charges proposed for the work were cx
i cessive and that the members of the Cali-
I fornia Association of Civil Engineers had
proposed to do the work for less than
half of the charge that it was Intended to
i make.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work of the
; Board.
The following is a complete record of
the street improvements which passed
the Board of Supervisors at yesterday's
session:
AWARDS OF CONTRACTS.
Market, northeast line of Second to south
west line of Fifth. Including intersections of
Montgomery and Post, Kearny and Geary,
Grant avenue - and O'Farrell, Stockton and
331115. Powell and Eddy, excepting portions re
quired by law to be paved by railroad com
panies, and certain other parts enumerated In
contract— Bituminous paving, to City Street
Improvement Company.
Octavia street and Willow avenue—Superin
tendent of Streets authorized to sign a contract
for paving with Union Paving and Contracting
Company for proportion of cost for which city
I? assessable, ,
Linden avenue. Franklin to Gough— Sewering,
to Williams, Belser & Co. , ,
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET WORK.
Clay, from point 13714 feet west of Baker to
point 137V4 feet westerly— Granite curbs on
southerly line and paving of roadway.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Seventh, northwest line of Irwin to north
west line of Hubbell— Grading, curbs and pav
ing.
The fac-simile st 4? s/&/r \^z. Uon every wrapper
iignature of V&zrTX J'&6G«4Vi * CABIOEIA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 29, 1898.
BOUND FOR THE FAR NORTH.
PROPOSALS RECOMMENDED READVER
TISED.
Haight. Shrader to Stanyan— Curbing and
paving.
Mission street and Oeacent avenue — Same.
BID RECOMMENDED REJECTED.
Mission street, opposite Crescent avenue —
Paving, storm water inlets, etc
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Florida, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—Bi
tumen.
Bryant, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Same.
Steiner. Page to Oak— Basalt.
Noe. Thirteenth to Fourteenth— Bitumen.
Filbert. Fillmore to Steiner— Same.
McAllister, Baker to Lyon— Same.
McAllister and Baker— Same
Devijadero and Broadway— Same.
California and Walnut— Basalt.
California and Spruce— Same.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Florida, Twenty-sixth to Army— To Warren
& Malley, ninety days on grading, etc.
Lagur.a. Greenwich to Lombard— To City
Street Improvement Company, thirty days on
paving.
Minnesota, Nineteenth to Twentieth — To prop
erty owners, ninety days on grading;, etc.
Twenty-third, lowa to west line of Missis
sippi—To Henry A. Whltley, ninety days on
same.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Ullery. Bryant to Federal— To Pacific Paving
Company, 60 days on paving, etc.
Haight, Ashbury to Clayton — Same.
HalKht. Clayton to Cole— Same.
Haieht, Cole to Shrader— Same.
Elsie street, Cortland avenue to Holly Park-
To Smith & Qulnby, 30 days on grading, mac
adamizing, etc.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Fourteenth. Dolores to Market— Property
owners may pave.
Third avenue. Point Lobos avenue to Clem
ent street— Same may regrade and re-macad
amize, provided work is performed for entire
width of roadway and for entire block.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Market street— Citizens doing business on
south side for repeal of order No. 61, amenda
' tory of No. 1597, relating to the numbering of
buildings.
P street south, First to Second avenue south
— Miller <fe Lux for closing of thoroughfare.
Leavenworth. Lombard to Chestnut — G. T.
Knopf to retain artificial-stone curbs.
Leavenworth, Bay to Francisco — Contractor
to grade westerly half.
Stockton and Francisco— Gertruda Mattheas
to repair wooden sidewalk.
Seventh, Berry to Channel — Cutting Packing
Company for paving and sewering.
Ooiton place, opposite Colton court — Prop
erty-owners fnr removal of obstructions.
Bush, Broderick to Baker— W. A. Shaw for
contractor to complete contract and remove
waste material.
Reservoir street— Spring Valley Water Works
and Charles C. Judson for suspension of sew
ering proceedings, on the ground that a writ
of injunction issued by the Superior Court is
still in force.
Filbert. Larkin to Polk— Property-owners to
pavu with cobbles.
Twenty-fifth, Howard to Folsom— H. C.
Somers' for paving and sewering.
J street. Eighth to Tenth avenue—Property
owners for grading, curbing, etc., of roadway
and sidewalks.
Prerita avenue, Alabama to .Army street —
Fred Leffler for 90 days" extension of time on
grading, etc.
Liberty and Sanchez; Sanchez, Twentieth to
Liberty— California Paving Company for 183
days' extension of time on grading, etc.
Potrero avenue. Twenty-sixth to Army — Mis
sion League of Improvement Clubs for con
demnation of land necessaey to extend street
through.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Market street— Odd Fellows* Hall Association
against proposed numbering of buildings on
southeast Ride.
Church, Thirteenth to Fourteenth—Property
owners against paving, etc.
Washington, Locust to Spruee — Same.
Church, Thirteenth to Hermann— Same.
De Haro and Twenty-third — Same against
proposed change of grade.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PRE
VIOUS SESSION.
Miles place, off Sacramento, between Powell
and Stockton— Superintendent of Streets re
quested to Investigate complaint against ob
structing stairway.
Bush, Kearny to Central avenue— Proposition
to declare same a boulevard postponed sixty
days.
Fourteenth, Dolores to Market — Property
owners may pave by private contract.
Greenwich street. No. 804— William Flsk may
repair wooden sidewalks.
District bounded by Alabama street, Preclta
avenue. Army street. Holladay and Esmeralda
avenue- City Engineer directed to report proper
grades at specified cost.
Wlldey avenue, Fillmore to Steiner street—
Against sewering.
Mission. Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Laying of artificial stone sidewalks favored.
Tenth avenue, L to M street — Grading, etc.,
recommended begun.
Filbert, Fillmore to Steiner— ln favor of lay-
Ing sidewalks.
Street work— ln fav&r of reinstating James
McCoy as a bidder.
Other petitions and protests reported on ad
versely or filed.
MANGIN IS NOW MISSING.
His Friends Say That He Will Re-
turn to Answer the Embezzle
ment Charge.
Thomas F. Man gin, who is accused of
having embezzled $1100 belonging to the
San Francisco Ship Calkers' Associa
tion, failed to appear for trial in Judge
Wallace's court yesterday, and his bonds
were declared forfeited. The bond given
by Mangin was for $1000, with Ellen Mc-
Kernan of 727 Seventeenth street and
John J. Carroll of 617 Guerrero street as
sureties.
The friends of Mangin say that he has
gone to the Klondike, and assert that he
will return here when he learns that his
sureties are in trouble over his departure.
Mangin was tried once on the charge, and
tho jury failed to agree. It is said that
he left the city with the knowledge of his
bondsmen, to carry out an important
contract, expecting to be able to get back
here before his case would be again called
for trial.
FIXED THE DATE
FOR ELECTION
Election Commissioners
Meet the Views of
the Freeholders.
The Proposed Charter to Be
Submitted to Electors
on May 26.
\ ■  ' "'■•■■'■
Ex-Registrar Hlnton Presented With
:« Gold-Headed" Cane by :?*
His Friends.
The Board of Election Commissioners
yesterday met the views of the Board of
Freeholders regarding the date for the
charter election by appointing May 26 as
the day on which the proposed charter
shall be submitted to the voters of San
Francisco. ;'-; { y j
Previous to the meeting Freeholders
Clement, Brltton, and Taylor waited on
City and County Attorney Creswell, who
was understood to be in favor of an elec
tion about the middle of July, and stated
to him the importance of having the elec
tion come off at an earlier date. Mr. Cres
well admitted their arguments to be good
and drew up a resolution as follows:
Whereas, A Board of Freeholders having been
elected to prepare and propose a charter for the
City and County of San Fraii'-isco, and having
finished its labors, and on Saturday, the 20th
day of March, IS9B, having returned one copy
of the proposed charter to the Mayor >.f the
said City and County, and another to the Re
corder of l>pds therefore, and whereas, the
26th day of May, 1898, was designated by the
Board of Freeholders as the ilay upon which
the proposed charter Phould be submitted to
the qualified electors of said city and county;
therefore, be It
Resolved, That a special election be held In
the City and County of San Francisco, State
of California, on Thursday, the 26th day of
May, IS9B, for the purpose of then submitting
the said proposed charter for ratification to
the qualified electors of said city and county.
The resolution was adopted unanimous
ly-
After the meeting ex-Registrar Hinton
was surprised by being presented with a
gold-headed cane by the employes who
have served under him for some time
past. Mr. Hinton received the gift in a
neat speech, during which he expressed
sorrow that he was compelled to sever
the pueasant ties that had existed during
his incumbency of the office of Registrar.
In the Divorce Courts.
Mary A. Moses has commenced suit for
divorce against Orion S. Moses, on the
ground of desertion.
The matrimonial troubles of William C.
Gates, better known as "Swiftwater Bill,"
will now be aired in the divorce court.
His wife, Grace Gates, commenced suit
for divorce against her husband on the
ground of Infidelity. The differences of
the family have been heretofore well ven
tilated in the papers.
Judge Slark yesterday granted Ella
Mann a divorce from Israel Mann on the
ground of desertion.
Fanny P. Belmont has been gTanted a
divorce from Harry F. Belmont on the
ground of desertion.
A Victim of Morphine.
A. C. Morgan, a confirmed morphine '
fiend, was found early yesterday morn- ;
Ing In an unconscious condition on Turk '
and Mason streets. He was sent to the
Receiving Hospital in the patrol wagon,
and died without regaining consciousness.
Morgan was about 40 years of age, and
had used the deadly drug for years.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ELECTRO-MEDICAL
L NERVOUS DISEASES
!"■■ Insomnia, Hysteria, Chronic Headaches. Nervous Twlchings, Cold Feet
L ■ Palpitation of the Heart, Dizzi&esi, Evil Forebodings, Melancholy, WEAK AND ■■»
Jf" SINKING SPELLS. NERVOUS DEBILITY and all its attendant ailments. The Wm
[ awful effectß of neglected or improperly treated case*, producing Weakness of
I grf Body and Brain, Dizziness, Failing Memory, Lack of Energy and Confidence, UJJ
r^% Chest pai^ and other distressing symptoms. Our Electro-Medical treatment is
, ■ the o'llv successful cure for nervous ailments. _ — ■ rg
[P" TO TME YOUTH, who is suffering the results of indiscretions, to the MID- ™
, DLE-AOED ana OLD MEN who arc paying the penalties for excesses ana too mm _
t#Jlf«Btat #Jlf«8ta life, this treatment, is a certain cure. It imparts new life to the whole
J we* body; it invigorates the weak nntl dormant organs, all their natural strength ,J
I returns, the mind becomes bright and active, the muscles become firm and ■
. strong, in fact the whole being is filled with new life and vitality, bringing to m
till man the manly power and mental brightness which is necessary ior him to
! *■■ possess in order to cope with the realities of life. We can truthfully say to all
■i suffering from such troubles that our treatment is THE CURE; it is absolute; ■
li it is certain; it is positive; it is lasting; it never faili; it makes MAN the MAN
t in every lease of the word. __
•H Write If you cannot call. PI
! CONSULTATION FREE at Office or by Letter.
: STATE-ELECTRO MEDICAL INSTITUTE
J ENTRANCE. 3 EDDY STRBET, SAN FRANCISCO.
HOFF APPEARS
HALF-HEARTED
Will Attempt to Prove an
Alibi to Establish His
Innocence.
The Testimony Thus Far Given
In His Behalf Is Far From
Strong.
Will To- Day Tell the Jury of His
Movement! on .the Day of the
Murder.
The trial of Albert Hcff, accused of the
murder of Mrs. Mary Clute in her home
at 803 Guerrero street, will be concluded
this week, as the defense has but few
witnesses to call. Hoff took the witness
stand late yesterday afternoon, but had
not conclulded his direct examination
when the hour of adjournment arrived.
He proved a very garrulous witness and
notwithstanding the instructions and in
junctions of his counsel insisted on going
into the minutest details concerning mat
ters that have no direct bearing on the
case.
When the trial was resumed yesterday
morning Attorney W. H. Schooler made
the opening statement for the defense.
He said that he expected to prove that
Hoff had led an ordinary life during his
residence here and had never given any
evidence of being possessed of a brutal
instinct, such as must have governed the
acts of the murderer of Mrs. Clute. He
said that he also expected to show that
Hoft left the house about 4:30 o'clock on
the afternoon of the murder and that
Foley and Jackson were laying carpets
in a front room at the time. Hoff was to
return the following day to assist Mr*.
Clute in hanging the pictures and tapes
try after the carpets were laid. The
wound on Hoff's hand, which the police
claim was caused by a Jagged end of the
coupling pin used by the murderer, he
said was caused by a tack in a piece of
carpet Hoff had unrolled for Mrs. Clute
to ascertain if it would fit the hallway.
The first two witnesses called were Mrs.
Masterson and Mrs. Wagner, who had at
times employed Hoff. The testimony
given by them was of a negative charac
ter. They simply testified that they had
never seen a coupling pin in the posses
sion of Hoff. Mrs. Wagner testified that
she had twice opened Hoff's tool bag,
once to get some screws and another
time to get some tacks. Had there been
a coupling pin in it she would have seen
it.
The next two witnesses were very ma
terial in support of the alibi Attorney
Schooler expects to prove.
Robert Goepel, a shoemaker living in
the Western Addition, testified that Hoff
was in his store at 5:15 o'clock on the
evening 1 of the murder. Just about the
time Mrs. Clute met her death.
Goepel on cross-examination admitted
that he had been questioned by tho po
lice just after the murder.
"E>id you tell the police about that
meeting?" asked Assistant District At
torney Hosmer.
"I did not." replied Goepel. "This is
the first time I ever told it." he added.
Goepel had no explanation for so long
remaining silent on that vital point in
Hoff's defense.
The next material witness was Henry
Neimeyer, a clerk in the'Lindell House.
He testified to having seen Hoff about 6
o'clock on the evening of the murder and
giving him some mall.
Hoff took the stand and told of his ac
quaintance with Mrs. Clute. He said that
he had worked for her on several occa
sions and that she had sent for him to as
sist her in moving from 320 Page street
to 803 Guerrero, where she was murdered.
He detailed at length how he had taken
down pictures and draperies for her- and
had been engaged by her to assist in put
ting them up in her new home. He had
just reached the point in his narrative of
getting to the Guerrero street house at
about 1 o'clock on the afternoon of the
murder when Judge Cook declared a re
cess until this morning.
BOILEB-MAKEBS UNEASY.
A Strike at the Union Iron Works
for an Advance of Wages
Seriously Contemplated.
The boiler-makers at the Union Iron
Works are anything but satisfied at the
rate of wages paid by that Institution,
and as a consequence a strike is in con
templation. ,
The tip went out that the strike would
take place yesterday morning, and as a
safeguard the management had a force
of police near at hand to quell any dis
turbance that might take place. But
their 6er%'ices were not required as the
strike did not come gff. Nevertheless
there Is an uneasiness about the big
works, and It is thought that by the first
of the month something may drop that
will have the effect of suspending work
in the boiler-makers' department until the
difference is adjusted. \
The boiler-makers at the Union Iron
Works are being paid at the rate of $3 25
a day, whereas the union rate of wages
is established at $3 50 a day. The manage
ment at the Union Iron Works consider
that as their shops run the entire year
round the men are better off at a slight
reduction when they are assured work
the entire year than to take .he chance*
of being laid off several months in the
year, as is customary In other institu
tions in the city.
BEFUSED A LANDING.
Fifteen More "Farmer Students'
Must Go Back to the Bice Fields
of Japan.
John Lynch, D. J. O"Leary and E. A. .
Holmes, constituting the special board of
inquiry of the Immigration Bureau, filed
yesterday with United States Immigra
tion Commissioner North their report re
fusing a landing to. fifteen Japanese la
borers who arrived on the steamer Belgic
on February 23. None of the immigrants
had more than $40 50, and they told the
old story of being "farmer students" de
siring to study farming in California by
walking from ranch to ranch, depending i
for support u^on remittances which they ,
expected to receive from poor relatives in
Japan.
Free, 1 month's treatment. New cure. Asthma
cured to stay cured. Dr. Gprdln. 514 Pine Bt.
Sudden Death.
Louis F. Hender. a barber residing at
130 Fourth street, died suddenly yesterday
afternoon. The body was taken to the
Morgue and an inquest will be held.
WASTED ALL
HER FORTUNE
Mrs. W. B. Hellings Tells
of Her Marital Un
happinees.
Why She Was Compelled to
Separate From Her Hus
band.
Justice of the Peace Barry Laughs at
the Idea of Alienating the
Lady's Affections.
There was an expectant crowd in Judge
Campbell's court yesterday morning in
anticipation of hearing the evidence-in me
case of W. B. Hellings, the San Pablo
rancher, charged with threatening to kill
his wife. They were disappointed.
Justice of the Peace Groezinger, in the
absence of Judge Campbell, occupied the
bench, and by consent of Prosecuting At
torney Spinetti and Keel J3. Terry for the
prosecution and Frank Shea for the de
fendant the case was continued for a
week.
Mrs. Hellings, wno Is a daughter of the
late Judge Solomon O. Heydenfeidt, has
been induced to give her version of her
marital unhapplness. "I married," she
said, "ten years ago. I had heard that
my husband was wealthy, but I do not
know as i have never seen any of his
money. I had my own income then, and X
applied it from time to time to the sup
port of our family. From the day 1 mar
ried him, I did nothing but raise money to
pay off the fast accumulating liabilities
on the ranch. I borrowed and spent at j
my husband's request until about two ]
years ago, when I found that I had noth- j
ing left. I often begged and implored, mv i
husband not to force me to spend all my
fortune, but he would not listen to me.
Money ha would have and I must get it
for him. At last when my property was
all mortgaged up to the limit and I could
not get more he wanted me to go and ob
tain money from my brothers.
"Two years ago we separated by mutual
consent. Since then I have been depen- )
dent for the support of myself and family
upon my brothers, who have cheerfully j
aided me. My husband has been In the
habit of coming over to visit me Saturday i
and I have always been at home to re- I
ceive him, but it has been a life of con- i
tinual threats and abuse. More than once !
he has threatened my lire.
"As to the Barrys, they are old friends.
My father and Mr. Barry Sr. came to this
country together, and when Mrs. Barry
lay dying a few months ago, she sent for
me and asked me to see as much of the
family as possible. Since then Mr. Barry
Sr. and hia two sons have lived to
gether, with their aunt, Mrs. Williams, to
keep house for them. I have visited them i
constantly, often stopping for dinner. On '
such occasion the eldest son, Justice of ;
the Peace Barry, would see me home, and !
sometimes I would ask him to step In and
rest a while.
"A servant I once had carried tales of |
my visits to my husband. She told him
colored versions of my actions and he be
lieved them. Once, by Mrs. "Williams' re
quest. I remained at the house all night, i
and the woman told ray husband that I j
had been out all night with some one. !
That is how the whole trouble arose. He j
began to threaten and abuse me and I of- j
fered to do anything to prove my inno- .
cence, but he would not listen, and it has j
come to such a pass now that I must be
protected from his violence."
Justice of the Peace Barry corroborates ■
Mrs. Hellinps' story and says that the j
idea of Hellinsrs charging him with alien
ating his wife's affections is preposterous.
Unable to Meet Their Bills.
Cora Graham, living at 111 Mason street,
yesterday filed a petition in Insolvency.
She owes $1763 60. and has no assets.
William Wedgewood , a manufacturing 1
machinist, has failed for $6320 60.
: AMUSEMENTS.
i The I
' 1 Sweetest Girl I
J WE EVER SAW DRANK t
1 t
The U3 *
'■■ star tr^^f^t 9 i
; Milwaukee UfVvl £
• If her sweetness came from drinking d
: 0 Blatz. we do not know, but we DO &
; KNOW that many a dull-eyed, pale >>
f* and poor-complexioned woman has S
! 5 been transformed into a bright-eyed, \
» % rosy-cheeked and clear-complexioned X
' % woman by drinking Blatz. •,
• % Call for Blatz. i
: % See that "Blatz" is on the Ccrk %
: I VAL. BLATZ BREWING GO. I
J MILWAUKEE, VVIS., U. S. A. |
«4 Louis Cahen <& Son, Wholesale Dealers,
\ 416-418 Sacramento St., San Francisco. X
' p Telephone Main 416. $)
1 -x.,-» *\ «-v —( .•»,«> &.T^ **J&jQ/Qf%::
000000000000000000
; %™? palace *■"■?%
% GRAND hotels o
; q SAN FRANCISCO. o
; jf Connected by ■ covered iia?«apeway. "
, ° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. °
. O ALL Under One MANAGEMEi<T. V^ O •
■ 1 O NOTE THE PRICES : O
' ■ (\ European Plan. 9l. OO perday and upward *>
■ 1 • American Plan.a*3.OO per day and upward v
L O - Correspondence Solicited. ■ • ' Q
O JOHN C. EIRKFATRICS, Manager. q
10000000000000000001 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
• . .'" AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Grand Revival of the Great Moral Melodrama,
TEN NIGHTS
IN A BARROOM !
■•' ■■• ■ ■•■ ■*- •. __■•-. t ■...
Reappearance of ■
HARRY MAINBALL as JOE MORGAN.
The Infant Prodigy, LA PETITE LUND, as
'LITTLE MARY." ■■ -
Special New Scenery ■ and Effects. >
■ ' Brilliant New Comedy and Specialties.
Evening' Prices, : 10c. • 26c, 50c. - Matinees Satur- '
day and Sunday. .
THE LARGEST BEAR EVER CAGED
' . . . IS AT THE
- - - ZOO - - -
IN THE CHUTES.
FINEST WILD ANIMALS IN CAPTIVITY !
Last Week of Captain -Cardono's Group of
• . . Trained Lions— The Most Thrilling ; -
'■■ -- Animal Act Extant!
Feeding of the Carnivora at 5 and 10:30 ; p. m.
Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m. ■
■- 10c to All, Including Zoo, etc.; Children, Ec
, CHIQUITA receives afternoons ana evenings. .
HINTS TO ATHLETES.
Suggestions About Training and
Keeping the Body in Good
Condition.
Never continue exercise long 1 enough to
produce fatigue. Stop when you feel tired.
Don't over-exert yourself to gain mus
cle. Remember that every muscle has its
limits beyond which It cannot be devel
oped.
Indian clubs ar» the most effective for
giving one grace, ease and accuracy of
movement, features which every athlete
should strive to cultivate.
Bicycling has become a popular exercise
and undoubtedly furnishes, in addition to
muscular development, great exhilaration.
Dumb bells, if properly used, strengthen
the muscles of the arms and incidentally
those of the body and legs. They also ex
pand the chest and broaden the shoulders.
After exercise a cool shower spray or
bath should be taken, not to last more
than one qr two minutes and should be
followed by a brisk rub to tone up the
system and encourage the circulation of
the blood. Some pure stimulant should
also be used. Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey
is used by prominent athletes for this
purpose and is highly recommended.
It should be noted, however, that only a
pure and medicinal malt like Duffy's will
be of service. Ordinary whiskey will not
answer the purpose and you Bhould be.
certain to secure the genuine.
I Ask your C ATA DD H
Driest uAlAnnn
for a generous ' .
1 0 CENT Sfif?fe ;T JEtSJ
TRiA — IZE ' iil?^s|
ELY'S • Eto^^ •
CREAM BALM i§* >'^il
contains no cocaine, mer- 3gi??l|^
cury or any other lnJ urlous £p>»^L---<w-s'\Ps
It opens and cleans the *■•-,.'* -J*.
Nasal Passages, Allays . -,
Pain and Inflammation. Pf] 111 II fI [1
Heals and Protects HU LU 111 H tAU
Membrane. U U L U 1 1 11 1 Ltt U
Restores the Senses of
! Taste and Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Gives
I relief at once. SO cts. at Druggists or by mall;
i Trial Sli.. 10c. at Druggists or by mall.
ELY BROTHERS. *6 Warren St.. New York.
AMUSEMENTS.
A YOU
;—; — MUST
TRIPLE have
~~ — " HEARD
TRIUMPH^ '■
i , I,
. . .AT THE. . .
BALDWIN.
FRISCO ENRAPTURED
WITH. . .
ANNA HELD.
| A GAY DECEIVER.
THE CAT AND THE CHERUB.
; COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT and ALL THIS week.'
A royal welcome HOME.
jm;v\es J. GORBETT ;■
And His Admirable Dramatic Company
In Charles T. , Vincent's Comedy Drama.
fK NAVAL CADET.
The Entire New .York Academy of Musla
Production.
Next Monday — JAMES A. HERNE In
• "SHORE ACRES." ■
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
To-night arid ' Wednesday Matinee. Last two
lectures. K. MARION CRAWFORD, the Great-
est of Living American Novelists. To-night,
"The Original Mr. Isaacs' Early Newspaper
Experiences in India." Wednesday matinee,
"Italian Home Lite in the Middle Ages."
Next Sunday— "A JAY IN NEW YORK."
14— NEW VAUDEVILLE HIGH FLYERS— I 4
The FIVE WHIRLWINDS, Arabian Acro-
batic Wonders: WATSON. HUTCHINS and
EDWARDS, German Comedy Stars: MONT-
GOMERY and STONE, black-face comedy: the
GLISANDOS. musical Clowns: GEORGE H.
WOOD. Comedian: CARRIE SCOTT, Singing
I Soubrett©: McCALL arid McDANIELS. ATHA3
and COLLINS .and CHARLES T. ELLIS and
Company.
Reserved Seat?, 2."c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
_ 1 ■
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
j Mas. Ekn*3TlN'c Kkeli.vo. Proprietor iMaaajrar
THIS E\/EINUNG!
THE LAUGHING TRIUMPH.
The Most Successful of Musical Comedies,
"THE WIDOW O'BRIEN"
THREE HOURS OF FUN.
. : BRIGHT! BREEZY! BRILLIANT!
I NEW SONGS — DANCES — SKITS — NEW.
| Popular Prices. ...25c and 500
No Telephone Orders Received.
| ALCAZAR. SEATS BY
ALCAZAR. MAI K" 2 ° 5 N 4f
—IT'S A GO! — -
THIS WEEK ONLY!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
The njsuMMY. -/The vvivmmy.
heltmummy. & he Ivlummy.
A Farce in 3 Acts.
LITTLE VENIE IN SPECIALTIES.
I Prices 15c, 25c, 35c, Mo
NEXT WEEK— "JANE." v
> DELORME'S SUNLIGHT PICTURE,
"INTERIEUR DE FEME,"
' COMPANION PIECE TO
"THE BLACKSMITH,"
NOW ON VIEW ,
FREE OF CHARGE...
IN THE ART ROOM AT
THE EMPORIUM and
GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleslde Track.)
Racing From Monday, March 21, to
Saturday, April 2, incisive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
First Race at 2 P. M.
S.P. K. R. TRAINS 12:45 and' 1:15 P. M.
DAILY," •
Leave- Third-street ' station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. , Returning immediately after th«
- races; ■• ■ —•' ■ > ■
. ■ ELECTRIC CAR LINES. .
Kearny and ■ Mission" street cars every thre*
minutes, direct to track without change. Fin-
more-street cars transfer each way.
. ...- .; S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary. ■
C\\ VMPIA Corner of Mtson »nJ
• America's most beautiful music hall. Great-
est free bill in the world. MAE TUNISON.
operatic selections; DOLLY PAXTOX, ballad-
lst; the 3 ALBION'S, grotesque comedians:
ZANFRELLA & WALSH,' porch artists, and
ten others. House Heated. Admission £r*o.
78
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was little life to mining stocks, and
quotations were rather weaker than on Satur
day.
On the Bond Exchange trading In the favor
ites was lively. The sugar stocks advanced
Bharply. but Oceanic Steamship declined, sell
ing down to $54. though It recovered as the
day went on. In New York there was a
marked Jump In sugar stock, as will be Been
elsewhere, owing to the more peaceful out
look with Spain. In fact, the whole stock
market In Wall street responded buoyantly to
the pacific tenor of the day's events.
The delinquent assessment Bale of the Alpha
Consolidated will be held to-day.
The Sunbeam Mining Company of Utah has
levied an assessment of ito per share, delin
quent April 26.
The following ore shipments were made from
the mines of Eureka district. Nevada. lor the
week ending March 25: Kureka sampling
Works, til, two tons; Excelsior, H'3,4!sO; Jackson.
67,440; Richmond. 74,!*50.
The directors of thu Horn Silver Mining
Company of Utah have decided to pay quar
terly dividends of 6 cents per share, eacn
amounting to $20,000. The first of these divi
dends will be declared In a lew days. This
will add JSO.OUO yearly' to the $5,100,000 already
paid by the company.
Weekly reports from the lea-ling mines are as
follows: Consolidated California and Virginia,
1.550 level— From the north dint skirting the
jootwall from the incline upraise 178 fe«t on
the slope above this level, at a point 150 feet
In from Its mouth, east crosscut No. 2 has
been started and advanced 24 feet, passing
through porphyry, showing lines of quartz, as
saying $1 per ton. From the Incline upraise
\o l. at a point 112 feet above .the sill floor
of this level, from the south drift at a point
Si» feet In from its mouth, an east crosscut
lias been started anil advanced 24 feet, passing
through porphyry and quartz, showing narrow
streaks or ore, from which we have caved live
tons, assaying $19 T.". per ton. Z,'\ y ,
1650 level— From the incline upraise No. 1. at
a point CO feet above the sill floor of this level,
irom the south drift which skirts the footwall
at a point 178 feet in from its mouth, from
the top of the upraise carried up -i. 1 feet, from
the south drift 100 feet in from its mouth, the
upraise has been carried up 10 feet, passing
through quartz assaying from $1 to $3 per ton;
total Height, 69 feet. From the old east cross
cut on trie Bill floor of this level, at a point
S3 feet in frum its mouth, from the upraise
carried up 21 feet from the north drift, £6
feet in from its mouth, from the west drift
36 feet In from its mouth, a north drift has
been started and advanced 24 feet, passing
through quartz with a little porphyry, assay
ing from J2 to $9 per ton. From the upraise 15
feet above the sill floor the east drift from the
north drift has been extended 6 feet, passing
through quartz showing narrow streaks of
ore, from "which we have extracted 11 tons,
assaying per mine car samples $24 17 per ton;
total length, 21 feet. We have also extracted
v.--'m these openings 13 tons of low-grade ore,
the average assay value of which was $15 02
per ton. 1750 level — On eleventh floor north
from the top of the upraise, from the north
. ■drift at a point 40 feet in from Its mouth,
.■•from the east drift at a point 26 feet in from
■-.'■ Ha ••mouth from the end of the north drift 32
. feet in....an east drift has been advanced 22
■■•-.feet, passing through quartz and porphyry as
. i-Baylhg from SI to $7 per ton. The total ex
.traction.traction of ore for the week amounted to 11
'.} tpns, ..the 'average assay value of which per
•. .:mjne car samples when raised to surface was
: ' J2j- 51 per ton. v;j
'..'... In.- the . Sierra Nevada mine the upraise
■: Started at a'polnt 700 feet in from the mouth
of the Ril-y tunnel has been extended during
'the .Week. -24- feet, making a total of 64 feet.
••• The. roof '"ft i-n quartz yielding assays of from
.' J.» : to' $15 gold per ton. Have hauled to -the Ne
•'■'.•'...Vfl.davrnlll .SI tons and 750 pounds 'of ore. which
; .•{;;. now. belijg worked. On the 900 level of the
■; '-.l."niort "shaft workings' of the Sierra Nevada
'• >h>'-- north lateral drift is now In 595 feet north
! ! : -o'f -the Sierra Nevada shaft. The face is In
'..-.- porphyry. -■
.'.' ; jfn. ffie -Chnllar mine since last report they
'•■;.• pla-ced one'- set of timbers In the main incline
=■•; '"below the"" 1100 station. The winze from the
■; :V*> foot'- level and '6o feet north of the south
:'". line .has been discontinued, and work resumed
.'ln.' the west crosscut opposite that winze. The
. ,v ■-'. crosscut on the tunnel level, 60 feet north
}.'.pf. the 'Smith line, has been advanced ip feet: I
. '.-total "distance. 16 feet. The face la in por- I
' .jihvry ana 'low-grade quartz. This crosscut will
,-1. 'prospect : the ore found in the winze started I
':. ' from the- 100 foot level, the era.de of which had
 become low. Have shipped 53% pounds of
crude bullion, also 1271 pounds of concen- I
' trates, assaying $954 62 In gold and 425.34 |
"ounces of fine silver, representing the clean- |
;• up of M tons and 250 pounds of ore worked j
." '■ since last report. Have shipped to the Nevada |
■ mill during the week 33 tons and 17M! pounds j
-'."."of ore. The average assay of the car samples !
: ".'was $1 i SS In gold and 16.12 ounces of fine sil
■•.....ver per ton. .
In the Potosi mine the joint Bullion-Potosi j
• nth drift' on the tunnel level ha" be»n nd- !
. . vanced IT* feet during the week; total length,
673 feet. The face is In low-grade quartz.
Brunswick lode — Consolidated California and !
•-• Virginia, Rest A Belcber and North Gould &
Curry. 600 level— The Joint south drift from I
the station was advanced ">' feet: total length. j
811 feet: face in porphyry and seams of clay. I
The shaft has been sunk 16 feet on the in
cline: total depth, 954 feet; bottom in por
phyry.
Chollar--Inol!ne shaft No. 1 has been sunk
16 feet during the past week and Is now down
llnfi fe«t. The bottom is In porphyry. 200 foot
level— The ore streaks present no change since
last report. They are making repairs where
necessary. The electric plant will be com
pleted the coming week.
Potnsl. €00 foot level— The main south drift Is
bow out 230 feet from the north line. The face
Is In porphyry and quartz giving low assays.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
MONDAY. March 23—2 p. m.
iiid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 43% 45
4s quar coup. .llo — Pac Gas Imp.. — 87% i
4s quar reg..H2Vi — Pac L Co 62 54
4s quar new.. 121 — S FG 4 E.. 88 SBH
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% 3%
Cal-et Cab 05.114%116 Stock Gas 12 13
Cal El 6s 120%— Insurance —
C C Wat 53... — 102% Firem's Fund. lßs 200
Dup-st ex 0.. — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 63. .123 138% Anglo-Cal .... — 66
. F & Ch Ry 6s — 118% Bank of. Cal.. — 243 •
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Cal SD& T. — 104
H C & 6 5%. .100 105 First Nat ....200 —
L A L Co 6a.. — 100 Lon P & A... 130 —
Do gntd -8.. 95 99 Mer Exchange — 15
Market-st t>5..126% — Nev Nat 8... 150 157%
Do Ist M us. — 114 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 100 Ger S & L..1625 1665
NCNg Ry 75.102" Vi — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 11 l — i Mutual Say. 35 40
NRy CaJ 55.. 102% — SF Say U.. 435 &C 0
N P C R R 65. 104% — S & L 50.... — ' 100
NPC R R 55.101 — Security ri B 250 —
N Cal Ry 55.. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gas 55... 100 — I Street Railroad —
Do 2d is as.. — 112 ! California 1074109
Om Ry 6s — 125% Geary 40 —
P & O 6s 110 — Market-st 62 63
F&ChRy 6s — 112 Presidio 4% 10
Powell-st 6s ..117 120 Powder-
Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....120 150
Sac Elecßyss.lo4%losTi E Dynamite... 84 —
SF& X P as. 105 105 Giant Con Co. 41 42%
S P of Ar 65.. — 104% Vlgorlt 2% 3
S P Cal 65.... — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. — 99% Al Pac Assn.. 95% 97
S P Br 6s 115 — Ger Ld Wks..loo —
B V Wat 65...115%117% liana 1' C 0... — 20
i? V Wat 45... 102**103 H C & S Co.. 23 28%
Stock Gas 65.. — 103V1 Hutch S P Co. 44? i 45Vi
Water — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. — 62% Nat Yin C 0... — 7%
Marin Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 56% 56%
Spring »a1....100%100% Pac A F L.. 1% 3
Gas & Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 98 —
Cent Gaslight. »S% — Par Paint Co. 7 —
MEL Co — 13% I
Morning Session.
25 Vigorit Powder 3 00
25 do do 2 87%
360 Hutchinson S P Co ■. 43 25
25 do do 44 ,-,0
100 do do 45 00
110 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 00
JIOOO Edison LAP Bonds 128 SO*
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 62%
100 do do 24 00
10 do do 24 25
50 do do 24 50
73 do do 24 75
25 do do 25 00
CO do do 25 50
50 do do 27 00
60 Market-street Railway •. 62 00
40 Oceanic Steamship Co 64 00
20 do' do 64 25
10 do do 64 50
100 do do eBO : 64 50
6 do do 55 00
10 do do 60 25
Street—
$6000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 115 75
Afternoon Session.
200 Stockton Gas & Electric 12 60
SO Oceanic Steamship Co 66 60
10 Alaska Packers" Association .... 96 50
45 Hutchinson S P Co 45 00
50 Oakland Gas 43 00
SCO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 27 00
276 do do 27 50
100 do do 27 82%
150 do do 2S 00'
6 Spring Valley Water 100 00
10 do do 100 12%
96 do do 100 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Street—
20 Hutchinson S P Co. s 10 43 50
Afternoon Session.
35 Oceanic Steamship Co 54 62%
50 do do 55 00
65 do do 55 25
60 do do .' 66 00
40 Spring Valley Water 100 00
•40 Hawaiian C & S Co 2". 25
25 do do 25 50
, r .O do do 27 00
MO do do 27 50
60 Market-street 52 12U
20 do do 52 37%
100 Hutehlnson S P Co 46 00
20 do do 46 50
$5000 Spring Valley Water 4s 10287%
Street—
JO Hutchinson S P Co .'. 43 50
40 Market-street Ry Co 51 12%
25 . do do .......:. 52 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the Fates In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Bullion 10 ' 100 Mexican r37
300 Chollar ••• 46 >~.ivi Ophir 73
200 47 '".to Potosi .. 40
100 Con Cal & Va.. tSjSUO Savage .......... 28
50 Crown Point ... 24 j 600 Sierra Nevada.. 70
' 260 Gould & Curry.. 21 100 ...... .1 75
300 " 22 100 Union Con ...... 42
260 Justice .......... 25 j 100 Yellow Jacket.. 30
. , , .
, . Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 12 ' 200 Overman 1...... 10
300 Belcher 22 400 Savage 25
500 Bullion 10 100 Sierra Nevada.. l 75
100 Cnallenge 29 i 210 170
600 Con Imperial ... 01 200 Union Con 43
350 Mexican 38 200 Utah ...... 12
250 Occidental 2 70 1
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha Con 071600 Ophir 70
300 Andes 11 100 .' • «9
200 Belcher 23 200 71
500 Best & Belcher. 82 200 Potosl 41
300 Bullion 10 200 Savage 26
100 Chollar 46 300 S B & M 04
100 47 350 Sierra Nev ...177H
700 Con Cal & Va.. S3 1800 175
400. 82 600 172^4
250 Crown Point ... 23 400 170
200 Gould & Curry.. 22 .".lO.Unton Con 43
2300 Justice ......... 25 300 42
100 27 400 Yellow Jacket.. 29
600 Mexican 87
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta ; 171400 28
200 Andes 12 ! 400 Mexican 37
£00 Belcher 22 ; 100 Occidental 2 70
600 21 200 Ophir 71
100 Best & Belcher. 34 800 Overman 10
300 Con Cal & Va.. 84 200 Savage 25
200 83 i 250 Sierra Nevada.. l7s
300 Crown Point ... 25 100 172^
600 Gould & Curry.. 22,200 Union Con 43
200 • 23i4OOUtah 12
900 Justice 271
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, March 28—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 OS! Julia 01 03
Alta 17 IS Justice 2S 30
Andes 11 12]Kentuck 02 04
Belcher 21 22 Lady Wash ... — 03
Benton — 25 Mexican 37 SS
Best & Belchr. 33 35 Occidental 270 —
Bullion ....:... — 11 Ophir 70 71
Caledonia — 26 ! Overman 09 11
Chollar 44 4ij Potosl 39 41
Con ia! & Va. 82 St Savage 24 26
Challenge 28 30 Peg BelcheT ... 04 05
Confidence 70 75 Scorpion 06 —
Con Im^rial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 1701 75
Crown Point ..23 25 Silver m.i 02 03
Con New York. — 03 Syndicate , — 05
Eureka — 25 Standard —165
Excheouer — 06 Union Con 42 44
G uld & Curr--. 12 23 Utah 11 12
Hale & Nor«.-.-s.l 40 1 45! Yellow Jacket. 26 27
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICBS—627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
10R Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1f.05 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner • Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
: MEETING NOTICES.
i GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and ■ i
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- _/\_
DAY) EVENING, March 29, at 7:30 Is3r
o'clock. D. 3. ' r >
GEORGE J. HOBE. Secretary. _
! ORIENTAL I.- dee No. 144. F. and A. «
M.— Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) _^V_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. . 7W\
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. '
I CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., ■
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _JV_
ING. March 29, at 7:30 o'clock— M. M. jKjT
degree. By order of the H. P. 'V >
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
PARKER Lodge No. 124, I. O. O.
I V.— Election of Grand Lodge rep-
resentatives .March 29. IS9B. ;
J. A. WELLS, N. G. "K/ltv*
BAY CITY Lodge 117. K. of P.. 223 iff.
I Sutter St.— The Grand Chancellor will <y JW».
I officially visit this and other lodges *}JO-E<y»
of the district at the above address ■•cSi'-'
i on WEDNESDAY EVENING. March 30,
1 ISSS. The rank of Knight (Long form) will be
conferred. Visiting and brother Knights are
invited to be present.
j ■HAS C. MORRIS. K. of R. & S.
THE California Debris Commission, having i
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process- from William Nolden and C.
Kaber, in the Aureole mine, near Oleta,
Amador County, to deposit tailings in Dead- :
man Creek, and from George Beattle, in the
Bt-attle mine at Georgia Slide. El Dorado
: County, to deposit tailings behind the dam
I of the Gold Bug mine In Canyon Creek, gives
; notice that a meeting will be held at room
61", Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on
April 11. 1898, at 1:30 p. m.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MRS. BLAIR and assistant, massage and al-
| cohol baths. 963 Mission St., parlors 17 and IS.
i MISS BERTHA TROY, from Chicago, Turkish
baths, massage. 1016 Market St., r. 17, 3d floor.
MISS LILLIE STANLEY,- manicuring and
: alcohol baths. 7 Grant aye., rooms 1-2-3.
BLIND merchant returned; stand Sixth and
Market sts. Please remember yours truly,
DRUMM.
I ANIMALS, bird* and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 6580.
i MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25. second floor.
I RITTA BLACK, genuine massage; manicure;
magnetic treatment. 223 Post st., room 3.
! MISS R. CLEVELAND and assistant, baths,
massage. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
] MISS SUZANNE, from Paris, manicure and
cabinet baths. 140 Eddy st.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method electric mas-
sage; rooms heated. Office 10, 118 Grant aye.
MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam cabinet
baths. 9 Ellis St., second floor, room 22.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
I MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary St., room 11.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
NOTICE to holders of "Valley Road" bonds—
The April coupons, bonds of the San Fran-
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway Com-
pany, will be- paid on presentation at the
Bank of California, "Treasurer," on and after
April 1, 189 S. ALEXANDER MACKIE,
Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 79 • (50c per share) of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable
at the office of the company on and after
FRIDAY, April 1, IS9B. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, March 26, . 1898, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS A' ANTED— FEMALE).
COMPETENT Infant's nurse desires situation;
5 years last place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation;
understands all branches of cooking; best ref-
erences; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St. ■
FIRST-CLASS cook, understands her work in
all its branches; also second girl, good wait-
ress, wishes situation together, city or coun-
try. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St. .
NEAT housegirl wishes situation, good cook
and laundress; $15 to $20; city or country-
MR3. NORTON, 323 Sutter st. ; tel. Green 721.
SWEDISH girl, fine cook and laundress, wishes
situation at housework; wages $15 to $20;
i references. Apply to MRS. HIRD. 631 Larkin
[ st. ; telephone Sutter 52.
NEAT young Scandinavian girl desires a situ-
ation as nurse. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter «U. •
j FIRST-CLASS' laundress wishes to go out
washing and ironing by the day; best refer-
ences given. 2937% California st., lower flat.
FIRST-CLASS fitter, stylish draper and de-
signer; thorough dressmaker; by the day.
MISS WARWICK, S3O Geary St.
WANTED— Position by a young lady as work-
Ing housekeeper or chambermaid. Address
427 Third St., in rear.
WANTED— to do general housework
or chamberwork: 403 Third st.
WOMAN wishes position to do housekeeping
or plain sewing. 129 Taylor St.. room 6.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do house-
■ work In small family; wages from $10. 251
' Tehama st. •
SITUATION wanted by a stenographer and
typewriter; city or country; salary moderate.
Address box 2678, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation at housework;
$20. CaH at 1363 Sacramento St. . - .
WOMAN wants situation to do general house-
work In private family; wages $12 to $15;
city or country. 1024 Howard St., room 8. ;
SITUATION by young woman to assist In
housework or as chambermaid In hotel or
boarding-house. Address box 2679, Call office.
GIRL wishes situation , to do general house-
work. Please call at 436% Hayes st. ; no
postals.
RESPECTABLE German woman wants any
kind of work Iby the day. Call or address
2213% . Mason : st. .•
• FIRST-CLASS cook or laundress wants situa-
tion; city or country: best of references. Call
.for 3 days at 213 Minna st. ] : , ■•■..-.
GOOD girl wants place to do housework; cl^y
or country; references; good wages. 213
Point Lobos, near Central aye. ,
- - * -» *- - ■ -■..■*.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 29, 1898.
St. VATIO> S WAN -ED-Contlnned.
EDUCATED and refined lady will give services
in light housework and sewing in return for
good home; small salary. Box 2684, Call.
AMERICAN woman wishes to do houseclean-
lng or ironing. 731 Folsom st.
YOUNG woman with a child 4 years old wishes
position as housekeeper.- Box 2651. Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes position as nurse; can
take full charge of an infant; references;
wages $15 to $20. 612V4 Halght st.
WOMAN for general housework; good plain
oook; kind to children; references. 26 Minna
st., between First and ' Second.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do light
housework; sleep home. Call 835% Harrison.
SWEDISH, first-class laundress, young, strong
and best references; city or country. MRS.
NORTON. 323 Sutter Bt. Tel. Green 721.
TOUNQ woman for general housework and
cooking; best of reference. 2523 Pine st.
YOUNG woman, neat and reliable; good cook,
wishes to go to Klondike; strictly business.
Box 2688, Call Office.
YOUNG woman wishes work In small family;
nice plain cook; willing and obliging; no '
postals; answer. 448 Natoma st.
GERMAN Employment Office. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell St., telephone Main 5332.
furnishes most reliable help of all nationali-
ties.
— i
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more |
engaagements; price $1 25. Address 1073t4 I
Market st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do upstairs
work. Apply at 2965 Sacramento St., near
Broderick. _^ i
SCHOOLGIRL wants work In small family for
a home; Oakland preferred. Address box
2CC7, Call office^
"WANTED— General housework and plain cook- j
Ing by good German girl. Call at 1803 Post.
SWEDISH fflrl wishes situation for general
housework. Address 1135 Florida st.
STYLISH dressmaker wishes engagements;
$1 o0; dresses made over; suits made in 2
days. L., 1941 Mission st.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on a ranch; best of references.
1930 Howard st., top floor.
YOUNG woman wishes a place to do house-
work in a small family; good cook; wages
$15. 807 Washington st., Oakland^
COMPETENT girl wishes to do housework or
cooking. Call at 227 Hayes st^
SITUATION wanted by trained nurse with 11
years' experience in confinement cafes; few
more engagements desired as visiting nurse
or by the week or month; terms reasonable.
802 Shotwell St.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements for dressmaking or plain sew-
ing at her home or by the day; work guar-
anteed; terms reasonable. 802 Shotwell st.
COMPETENT American woman, strong and j
willing to do anything, first-class in all work.
wants day work; first-class laundress and
housecleaner: $1 a day and car fare. 17 Third.
yul'N'i; lad\ wishes position to ass ?t morn-
ing and evening or as companion to lady for
room and board. Box 8558, '"all office.
CAPABLE woman wants a position as house-
keeper and seamstress in a hotel or a wea.lt.iy
family, or matron In some Institution; can
make" herself sy?nerally useful in a family;
no objection to a hotel in the country: will
furnish the very best of references. Call or .
address MISS BOLTESCHOOL, 231S Call- !
fornla st.
WANTED By an experienced middle-aged
woman, a position as housekeeper in a coun-
try hotel or institution; references. Box 2641,
Call office.
TOUNQ lady would like office work 3 or 4
hours daily. Address box 1681, Call office.
YOUNG Austrian girl wishes situation to do
housework. Address MARY SPELKO, 75
Clementina st.
WANTED— Position as chambermaid or house-
keeper. Call or address 310 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
BWEDISH Kirl wishes place for second work :
and waiting; good waitress and plain sewing;
private family. Address box 2570, Call office.
SWEDISH woman wishes situation as house-
keeper where she can have her child with
her; city or country. 439 Jessie st. j
POSITION as chambermaid in country resort
or hotel. Box 2600. Call office.
LADY wants plain sewing, shirts, sheets, table
cloths, etc.. at home. 825 Howard, In bakery. ;
WANTED— By middle-aged woman, situation
as working housekeeper; no objection to
children. Call or address 573 Minna st. .
COMPETENT woman wishes powltion as 1
housekeeper. MRS. M. MERCHANT. 203
Telegraph aye., room 14, Oakland. |
WOMAN wishes situation to do housekeeping \
or plain mending. 1".9 Fourth St., room 10.
RELIABLE woman wants position as house- j
keeper; city or country; no objection to chll- i
dren. Address MRS. WEST, 10 Hyde st.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house- j
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
SISB Howard St., room 3.
LADY desires position as housekeeper with en-
tire charge: no children: no objection to
country; excellent references. Address box
2083, Call office.
WANTED— By respectable first-class woman,
home and work in good Christian family;
American preferred; honest and reliable; more
for home than wages; Is good nurse. 17
Thirl st., room 7.
SITUATION* vTaNTKD— MALE.
GERMAN Employment Office. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell St., tel. Main f.332. fur-
nishes most reliable help of all nationalities.
CHINESE and Japanese testab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
i JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% OFarrell; tel. Davis 605.
I CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414 Vi O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE. Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant £6. Geo. Aoki, :iu <;-.iry.
MAN, aged 32, wants position in grocery store
or commission house; could help with books
and make himself useful; first-class refer-
ences. Address WILLIAM HARRISON, 2324
Charming way, Berkeley.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes situation as cook
on ranch, waiter, porter in hotel or any kind
of work. Address box 2632, Call of floe.
MAN About Place— Situation wanted by a
steady and sober man; thoroughly under-
stands the care of horses, driving, garden,
cows; best of references. Address 2745, Call.
WAGON MAKER would like work at trade or
any other kind of position; sober and Indus-
trious. Address 2671, Call office.
BARBER wants situation; experienced.
JEFF'S, 309 Sutter St.; city or country.
WANTED — By a young man of good address,
work of any kind; will work one week free •
If not satisfactory. Address box 2670. Call.
ANY kind of position by young man; four
yearn' clerical experience In city; highest
references. C. T. , 4 Cottage Row, City.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, aged 25, deslrea
position; can furnish references. Box 2672,
Call office.
CHINESE cook, wishes a situation In family
or boarding house: city or country; refer-
ences. Address MAY, 729 Sacramento St.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman wishes work; city
or cnuntry. Box 2677. Call office.
CHINESE boy. first-class fairly cook, small
washing, cooking: city or country'; references;
I $6, |7, $8 per week. W. S. F., 61 j% Dupont st.
MARRIED man, age 34, wants situation as col-
lector, assistant bookkeeper or shipping clerk;
can give bejit of references and bonds. Ad-
! dress G. H.. box 2680. Call office.
BARBER, first-class man. 29 years of age.
married, wants steady work In flret-elass
shop: city or country. Address LAMBERT,
548 Minna st.
YOUNG man (Swede) wants a situation of any
kind; can drive and take care of horses:
handy with tools. VICTOR. 712 Clementina.
WANTED — By man of experience, competent
waiter and Indoor servant, care of poultry
and flower garden; good references. 8..
1332 A Washington St.
AS bartender; best of personal references from
last place; single; German spoken. Box 2691,
Call office.
JAPANESE young man. first-class cook, wants
situation; city or country; good wages; many
good references. A. 8., box 6, Call, Oakland.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harri*. 15 Grant ay.
MAN thoroughly conversant with toy, fancy
goods and notion business wants employment
as house or road salesman; speaks English
and German; could also act as office man.
Address box 2094. Call officer
FIRST-CLASS gardener and greenhouse man
wants situation; understands care of horses
and cattle; looking more for home than high
wages; good n ferencep. 26S Minna St.
EXPERIENCED collector, age 26, married^
strictly sober and responsible, ' good refer-
ences, wishes situation. Box 2668, Call office.
GERMAN farmer and wife wants to take
charge of orchard or Stock ranch, or take
ranch on shares. Address box 2675, Call office.
GERMAN wheelwright would like position of
any kind. Address H. L. t box 2587, Call office.
SITUATION Wanted— Office man of extensive
experience, bookkeeper, etc. ; high capacity
and references; start low salary where ad-
vancement can be earned. Box 2581, Call.
YOUNG man wants to drive delivery wagon or
any kind of work. 1213 Mission st.
SITUATIONS V ANTED — Continued.
MIDDLE-AGED man, understanding general
farming, gardening, fruit-raising, cattle and
poultry, wants situation on small ranch or
private place; can cook for himself if neces-
sary: first-class references. Address box 2651,
Call office.
COMPETENT cenupositor wants work in non-
union office: city or elsewhere. Address box
HS3. Call office.
EXPERIENCED elderly pork butcher and sau-
sage maker, good curer. wants situation; city
or country. Box 2561, Call office.
EXPERT accountant wants any situation; ref-
erences. Address box 2553. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convpnlent und respectable; free 'bus ■
and raggage to and from fer y.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
MAID and seamstress, $25; French maid. $2;
2 girls. Institution, assist kitchen, $20; cham- j
bermaid and waitress, $20; nurse, $20; 12 !
housework girls, city and country, $20 and j
*i! 5; 6 young girls assist, $10 to $16. MISS
CULLEN, 320 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl and nurse, $15; fare paid.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
REFINED girl, country, cook. $20; fare paid.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED nurse, child. 6 years, $13; young
lady, office work good writer and corre-
spondent. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl, $25: German nurse, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, $25; 2 chambermaids and wait-
resses, $2(i each; 6 second girls, $25 and $20; j
German nurse, $20; refined second girl, coun- I
try, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, I
325 Sutter st.
CATHOLIC girl as^iursersl2. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
MAID and seamstress. $25. MISS CULLEN,
£25 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, light work, $10 to $16. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
Y<H'NG lady, office work. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
REFINED girl or woman, housework, coun-
try, $20, fare paid; 15 housework girls, city
and country, $20 and $25: S young girls, as-
sist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COOK, $35; 6 second girls, $20 and $25; cham-
bermaid. $15; nurse, $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 .Sutter st. i
2 WAITRESSES, country hotel, see party here;
6 waitresses. Southern California; 2 wait-
resses, country hotel, fare paid ; 3 waitresses,
city, $20 and room; 2 chambermaids and wait,
$2o and room; German waitress, country', $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
HEAD waitress, nice summer resort, $25 to
$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary' St.
i COOK, country hotel, $10; cook, country hotel,
$2. r ,; cook, few boarders, city, $20. C. R.
BANBEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GERMAN cook, $25; family cook, $25, call
early; German girl. Belvidere, $20; 5 houge-
girls. $20 to $25; girl, candy store. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., K4 Geary St.
2 AMERICAN and French nurses, $2n and $25;
pastry cook, private boarding house. $35; 3
second girls, $20 and $2*>; 5 cooks, private
families. $25 anil ?30; ironer in laundry, $":<;
2 waitresses, hotels, $20 and $25, and girls
for cocking and housework. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 31C Sutter at. I
WANTED— lnteiHgead Catholic as nurse for;
infirmary in an institution; experience and j
references required; salary $2n per month. '
lioard. room and washing; cobbler, elderly :
man. for institution, $15, $17 per month and
good home; farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters ;
and dishwashers. W. D. EWER & CO., 620
Clay at.
COOK, institution, city, $25: cook, boarding-
house, $35; 25 girls l'nr general housework,
$15, $20 and $25; second girl, $25; nurse, $20;
number of girls to assist, $12 to $15. Apply
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
OFFICE FEE 25 cents less; girls of all na-
tionaiitlea to fill various positions. MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.
LADIES, attention.—D o you wish to secure |
lucrative commercial positions, bookkeepers, :
cashiers, clerks, stenographers, typewriters, !
matrons, housekeepers, salesladies, milllh-
er«, seamstress, candy-makers, shop help?
If you accept a position and work a month
or so and wish to change for another there
is no additional expense; one year's service
with the right to accept or reject positions ,
until suited; managed by ladles. 313 Bush, j
SITUATION for a very competent and reliable '
German general house servant. 1023 Market. ;
5 SALESLADIES, new store, experienced in :
notions, hosiery and gloves. 1023 Market St. |
CLOAK and suit saleslady; milliners; sales- '
ladies for department store; office assistant !
fer Sacramento. 1023 Market st.
! SELECT Ladies' Clerks' Exchange: strictly
confidential in its operations; bookkeepers,
copyists, ealesla'llee, clerks, etc. 101S Wash-
ington St., Oakl.md.
AT once— Number at housework girls; German,
Swedish or .Scandinavian; $20, $15. MRS.
LAURENCE, 306 Sutter st.
in<;n Sriiool ;.■ istant, Knullsh branches, 165.
FISK TEACHERS' AGENCY, 420 Parrott
building.
GERMAN girl for general housework. Apply
1535 Santa Clara aye., between Paru and
Stantcm sts., Alameda.
GERMAN nirl for cooking and general house-
work. Bakery. Fulton and Lyon sts.
GIRL for general housework, plain cooking,
family 3, $15. IS26A Sutter st.
WANTED— Lady to take orders for articles of
dally consumption; salary' and commission.
Box 2074. Call ..rflce.
GIRL for housework. Apply between 9 and
12 at 2624 Sutter st.
GIRL to do general housework. Apply at 6
Chelsey place, off Bush st., near Powell; call
after 10 a. m.
YOUNG girl to take care of baby; little house-
work: easy plane. 2410 1-*1 -* Sacramento St.
APPRENTICE for halrdressing wanted at 111
Stockton st.
STRONG girl, age 18, to work In a bakery; one
who lives with her parents. 612 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS, experienced finisher custom
coats; good wages. 477 Tehama st.
TOUNO German kIH for Berkeley: 2 in family;
wages $10 to 115. Apply 1141 Geary st., 10 to
12 a. m.
GIRL for general housework; understands
cooking. 45 Liberty st.
NEAT girt for light housework and assist with
children. 544 Haieht st.
WOMA-N wanted to work in kitchen; under-
stand cooking. 13 Polk st.
GENERAL housework; good home; wages $S.
Call 521 Haight st.
WOMAN for light housework in family of 2
and baby; washing given out. 922 McAllister. .
WANTED— GirI to assist with housework;
. wuges $10. Apply 3482 Twenty-second St.
WANTED— GirI, German preferred, cooking
and general housework; references; wages
$20. 1720 Bush st.
TOUNO girl for cooking and general house-
work. Call 1628 Sutter s^
LADY solicitor wanted; must be good talker.
A. S. C, box 14. Call office^
WANTED A trimmer. 1323 Stockton St. NEW
YORK MILLINERY. ,
APPRENTICE wanted (experienced) on cus-
tom coats. 239 Fifth st.
GOOD strong girl for chamberwork; wages
$10. Apply 9 a. m. at 821 Howard St.
H'T.-KKKKPKI: for small family. $15; cham-
bermaid. $20; cook, $25. 631 Larkln St.
106 . ELEVENTH— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and ads taken.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— Experienced shirt operators and
operators on buttonhole machines. EAGLE-
So.N a co., ;.;:;, Market st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing In small German family. 1444 O'Farrell.
YOUNG girl for general housework; small
family. 119 Broderick st.
WANTED— Bright woman over 30, with some
business ability. Address box 2563, Call office.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher. S Grant
aye., upstairs. '
GOor> talloress on coats wanted. 107 Fifth St..
room 1.
EXPERIENCED glove makers; apprentices on
gloves and suspenders. Carson Glove Com-
liany, B Market st.
WANTED— Bright woman looking for business
opening; mutt use good language and dress
neatly. Box 2750. Call office.
OPERATORS on flannel overshirts and under-
wear; v few inexperienced hands taken and
taught. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 3iVt .Fre-
mont st.
BOOMS, 25c to $1 day; $1 50 to $4 week; re-
spectablj. 142 Seventh St., Girard House.
LEARN dressmaking anil millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
L>R. WISK. the ladles' specialist. 14 McAllister
St.; open evenings; Sundays. 3 to 5 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dres : scuttinK School. 107!> Market
st .; n-r'iTt fit: no trying ":i : trlnl free
MALE HELP WANTED.
STATE agent; control of agents and some
knowledge of bookkeeping. 313 Bush st.
PASTRY eook.~city~|3s. HOTEL GAZETTE,
420 Kearny st.
HELP WAA'.ZD- Continued.
EXPERIENCED timekeeper with good refer-
ences for a camp; $30 and board; call early.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Gearv st.
COLORED waiter, country hotel. $25 and fare
advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
20 LABORERS and teamsters for construction
work. 51 75 a day and half railroad rates.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FRENCH second cook, $70; broiler, $50; cook,
small country hotel. $40; country' restaurant,
$J0; S European plan waiters. $35: 3 waiters,
country hotel. $3.i axid free fare; waiter, near
city, $35; 2 waiters, city, $7 a week; 1, $6 a
week; circular sawyer. $60 and found; 14
woodchoppers, $1 25 a cord: German man and
wife for a dairy. $40; 3 milkers, $23; elevator
boy. $10. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
MARRIED farmer and wife for a good ranch.
$35 and found; single
gardener, vegetables, etc., $25 and found;
milker and butter-maker; 3 milkers. $20; 10
farm and orchard hands, $25. $20 and $15: 5
men to dig ditches: 356 tlemakers for differ-
ent places; 456 woodchoppers for different
places In California; young man with refer-
! ence for a private family; machinist, country
shop. MURRAY & READY. Leading Em-
ployment Agents. 634-636 Clay »t.
EMPLOYERS OF HELP
If you would run your business successfully
you must have competent, experienced help.
Murray & Ready will supply you with such
help free of charge. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, C 34-636 Clay St.;
telephone Main 5848.
8 COOKS 6 waiters
4 dishwashers 1 porter
1 tailor l laundryman
1 bedmaker and other hotel
help from $15 to $65 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-63fi Clay st.
I WANTED— IO coal miners, $2 50 per day; 1
wood -chopper.;, Jl 25 a cord; 10 laborers for
j city, $1 75 a day: laborers for mill and woods,
' $20 and found; coppersmith, $3 to $3 60 a day;
tall boy for store, $5; old man to care for
poultry. $10 and found; blacksmith hplper.
$40, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— HoteI second cook. $30: pastry
cook, $30; third-hand confectioner. $25; hotel
and restaurant waiters, dishwashers, and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. G2S
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook, short order house, country.
$40 and found; cook, small restaurant, coun-
try. $40; assistant cook, private place, $30;
waiter, coffee house. $7 a week: waiter, pri-
vate boarding house, $20; waiter, restaurant.
$30; waiter, small country place, $15; gar-
dener. $20 to $25; man to do chores, German,
$15 to $20; plumber's helper: shirt ironer, etc.
ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
A SELECTED list of valuable orders for com-
petent help now open at the Clerks' Ex-
change Clearing-house, 313 Bush st. Trav-
eling Jewelry salesman, notion and dry
goods salesman, gents' furnishing salesman,
soap and grocery specialty salesman, man-
ager and bookkeeper country store, barten-
der, wine cellarman, office clerk, wlnemaker,
engineers for mining camp. 3 waiters, 2
cooks, hotel porter, country landscape gar-
dener, machinists, lathe hands, boilermakers;
all fresh orders; Investigate.
MAN and wife, position at trust. $80; charge
of light profitable business; quick advance-
ment. 313 Bush st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
WANTED — Young man to learn trade, who is
handy with tools. STUPARICH. 523 Market.
YOUNG man. German preferred, as lunch-
man: must stop with parents. 10f>3 Market st.
STRONG boy about 17 to learn trade. Address
Box 2656, Call Office.
BOY about 13, office work. Apply from 2 to t
p. m., NW. corner of Kearny an<l Washing-
ton sts., upstairs, over drugstore.
PLUMBER wanted.' 623 Oolden Gate aye.
FINE chance for young man to learn the vet-
erinary profession; small pay to start with.
Buzard's Veterinary' Hospital. 212S Market st.
ELECTRICIAN to mpnufacture telephones. 315
Mission st.
WANTED — A reliable man to take care of
horses and work around premises. Apply
FRED FISCHER, cor. 26th and Sanchez sts.
PARTNER wanted; good bargain; barber for
Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. 701 Lar-
kln st.
SAILoKS, rirrlinary seamen and carpenteri tot
coast. Australia and Europe. HERMAN'S.
26 Steuart st.
WANTED — Coatmaker for country; steady
job. STEIN. SIMON & CO.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 118 Ellis Bt; call
early.
WANTED— Men and women: work home; I pay
$3 to $16 a week fop making crayon portraits:
new patent method; any one who can read or
write can do the work in spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP, German Artist, Tyrone, Pa.
A SOBER, willing man who Is good with
horses, handy about a place and especially
with carpenter's tools, and who will keep
, his work In first-class shape without super-
vision; no one who does not wish a perma-
nent position need apply: send recommenda-
tions. Address B. S., Belmont, Cal.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON, 643 Clay st.
WANTED — Two good canvassers. Call be-
tween 8 and 9 a. m. at 22 Post st. THE SIN-
GER MANUFACTURING CO.
LATHE and machine hands wanted at the
Risdon Iron Works, Beale and Howard sts.
Apply at Howard st. entrance.
2 YOUNG men to canvass private families; pat-
ent article; experience not necessary': good
pay; must be intelligent and neatly dressed.
Call 10 to 12 Sunday, after 5. week days, at
11A Sheridan st.. between Ninth and Tenth.
WANTED— Men to travel through the coun-
try: must have $15. Call at 530 Pacific st.,
G. C. TERRY.
MARKET. SG3Mj (Elcho House)— Single rooms,
12M;C 15c to 25c per night; week, 75c, $1, $1 25.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of tha
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 6 inches and 6 feet In height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting of flee, 20 Ellis st.,San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — 10 men to occupy clean rooma; I
nifihts 25c or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
BAHBJCRS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Secy., 102 7th; tel. South 628.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, £17 -hird U.: 150 larg*
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED — An Al dress goods salesman. Ap-
ply 523 Market St., room 7, from 2 to 3 p. m.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCIIS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764H Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
KEN to leal a barber trade In eight weeks. 3.
F. Barber College. ISS^ Eighth st.
•WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 23c a night; reading-room;
free "bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 28c to $1
night: Jl to $.4 week: hot and cold baths.
iTNGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sta.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room: 2Sc a night: SI a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED — Agents to sell Murat Halstead's
great Cuba book; all about Cuba, Maine,
Spain and war; great excitement; every one
buys it: one agent sold S7 in one day; an-
other made $13 In one hour; bOO pages; mag-
nificent illustrations, photographs, etc. ; low
price; we guarantee the most liberal terms;
Freight paid; 20 days' credit: outfit free;
send 10 2-cent stamps to pay postage. THE
BIBLE HOUSE. 324 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG lady well advanced in music wishes a
place where there is a piano, to do light
housework in exchange for board and the
firlvllege of practicing on piano; if desired,
essons will be taken away from the house.
Address box 2683. Call office.
WIDOWER wants a home for his three chil-
dren in Christian family, where there are no
other children: terms must be reasonable.
Box 267 C. Call office.
INSTRUMENTAL or vocal lessons jjlven in
exchange for room or board. Address box
;r.Ss>. Call of rice.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
TRIUMPH steam generator wanted. Apply to
H. C. THEOBALD, Palo Alto, Santa Clara
County, Cal.
WANTED — A Petalurrja incubator, capacity 100
to 120 eggs; state price. Box 2673. Call office.
BULLTERRIER puppy; thoroughbred; 4 to 6
months old; bitch preferred.- J. J. DONA-
HI X, 10 Harrison st.
WANTED— IOO goiis for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo, Chutes, city.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st. •
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN, 11 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
j HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
" ing. telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es-electrical, civil and mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 j
graduates placed since }892; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
ve-sltv law and medical colleges: accredited
with Stanford University. Cooper College, etc. ;
I day and evening sessions; ref.. Pres. Jordan,
I or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
I AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
i individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
| bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.: life scholar-
[ ship, $50: low rates per week and month.
! ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.: day & eve.:
' est. 1564. VAN PER NAILEN. 933 Market.
' SPANISH professor. Sefiora de Velez. teaches
grammatically with pure Castilian pronun-
ciation. 145S Sacramento st. . •
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other
instruments taught by lady teachers. 3341
Twenty-fourth st^ • 1
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a I
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you j
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market St.
MRS. FRIEDBERG. voice culture; 60c a les-
son. 914 O'Farrell st. .
WEBSTER. 2107^4— Piano teacher; studied In
Paris; terms reasonable: best references.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.: 124 positions In '96; 103 In '97.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons.
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture. p»ano. Paris graduate: French,
Spanish: new clm»sgs: 5? mo 101 Taylor Ft.
"MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $G per month, we ask you to Investl- :
.' gate and approve this method. Prices are the :
Eame as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & C 0..,
Stelnway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter ,
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and ,
Broadway, Oakland.
i ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER _ CHASE'S.
26. 28 -and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all |
grades and prices. . Terms easy; prices low- !
est. Everything possible done to please and i
satisfy the customer. .
ONE Newhall piano '. $55 I
One Zech piano . 70
One Fischer piano 80
Twenty others at all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell.
FINE Stelnway piano, left on storage; cheap j
for cash. DEWING" S. room 12. Flood build- !
ing; agency for Hardman, Chase Bros., etc. I
THE best pianos, the lowest prices are offered
by Zeno Mauvals Music Co., 769 Market; agts.
. for the celebrated Decker & Son pianos.
SOHMER * CO. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans, !
Brlggs and other pianos; pee our rent pian: ;
no Interest first year. 30S, 310, 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S gale— Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market st.
1 $90— EASTERN piano for sale on $5 Install-
ments. 221 Leavenworth st.
A— $100; FINE large upright piano; great bar-
gain. X 3. 120 A Eddy st.
FINE upright cheap: for rent or installments.
16 McAllister St., next to Hlbernla Bank.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. [
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
horses:.
ONE carload of work and driving horses, one \
pacer, well bred; cheap. J. FORRESTER, ;
.salesman, 426 Valencia st. |
$40— SOUND, stocky saddle horse; used to
Yosemite trails; suitable for Klondike. City
| Front Stables. 20 Clay st.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of j
nil kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia st.
WANTED— SO old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the j animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city.
40 HORSES for sale: also , wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st.. auction sales every Wed-
nesrtnv.' ST'T,T,TV»v *• r>r>V' J 'P. Auc<lonf«»r».
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
WAGON for sale cheap If sold Immediately.
Inquire at meat market, 576 Howard st.
LIGHT grocery wagon; good as new; one light
buggy. 1370 Turk St.
FOR Sale— Fine business buggy; also light top
buggy. 903 Golden Gate aye. •-?' ri .
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open j
buggy: also 1 hack. S2B Harrison st. '
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. >Da vies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no ;
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con- j
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister st; ; pills, $2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions j
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure- at any time; kind -sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home In confinement;
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH. 918 Post St.. nr. Larkln.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness aye.— Ladles.
near or far, consult free the only doctor who
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French
physician: a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled; 15 years' practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pills, $2. '
LADIES,' Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand) best: safe, reliable: take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladles." letter by return mall: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a • home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk St.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
. instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female, troubles, no matter what
. cause: restore in 1 day; never falls; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny: orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no Instruments used: cure at of-
fice, $5; consultation free; hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
tl 60. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 631 X st.,' Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express CO D.: don't delay until too late.
' OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe rem- I
edies; 38 years' experience. 254 V& Fourth st.
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years-
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. EOc; crowns, $3 50- all
work painless and warranted. Chicago ben- !
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132. :
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors: painless i
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a '
positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up- silver I
fillings. 25c up; gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings
997 Market St.. cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie 1695.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th-
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new teeth
from $8 per set; ertractlng 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
Ist. discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
i OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
j 819 Market St.. Academy of Sciences building
rooms 30. 31 and 32. fifth floor.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. 603-607!
ALL work. reasonable and warranted. DR. J
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
%^^ zsarsL a plate - dr '"ht~c:
FURNITURE WANTED. •
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mim.
slon Bt.: tel.; Mint- ISM. •"
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed toll Mont-
gomery >t.: Mgh»«t pricew paid. To». Davl« 71
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— 3 nicely furnished rooms for housed
keeping .in Western - Addition or Mission-
. rent $.12 to U«. Box 2690, Call office. 1
PERSONALS.
TESSIE— I received jour letter; send your ad-
dress T. O'BRIEN^ - ■ " -.-■
NO- VINO, Dr. Terhsne's infallible cure for
drunkenness: given secretly and at home;
absolutely harmless} Inexpensive and guar-
anteed to cure; all d-uggists or write direct.
Terhune Remedy Co., Dept. A, Grand Rapids,
Mich. *
MATRIMONIAL. '
ALL seeking m^riairse^d 10c and postage for
March "Wedding Bell": li» rages: no $ a re-
qulred. Editor. 11l Ellis St.. San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS^ '
I AM adding 2 large balconies to make room
for the rush; hairdresslng. 25c; good switches.
$1; best, finest quality. » .60 : extra heavy.
long, $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
MME. JAY, palmist, removed from 806 Jones
st. to S6V4 Geary; 2 to S p. m.
I QUINONIA Hair Tonic Is always beneficial;
I try It. Q. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. nr. Market: 200 rooms
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. S. F.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, te "' n . g . at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny.
TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co.. 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet, "th and «th.
DRESSMAKERS. -
STYLISH dressmaking; suits from $5 up. 1614
Washington st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st. '
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy st.. rm. 86.
«5 J_.ARKIN-:Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ■ arts taken.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished tranc*
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced eh»
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; sh*
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec- .
tions- unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms .
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opp. Sixth. •
MME PORTER, wonderful .clairvoyant card- .- .
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading: ladles 6"c.
gents sl; palm, and clairv. ; alt. $1 SO. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles 10c; gents
2. .c. 221 Sixth, st. •' • ...I'-. ".-
ALICE FAY, cabinet baths: magnetic healer
hours 1 to 6. 32 Lewis st.. off Jones nr. Poat.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 215 Kearny St.. room
2:- mind-reader and palmist. - . ■ '..
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123^ Sixth St.. room 14. .
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L., 25c; G.. 50c; no sign. .3 7th.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business :
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
fession; never fails: advice; help. 929 Post. .
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth. ■
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post St., room 10. 2nd Boor.
MISS MELVILLE. great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921^ Mission; German spoken.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader: 25c up: charms given. 73 Fourth st.
SPIRITUALISM..
MME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister St.; fine music.
MRS. FULTON, materializing seance to-night,
50c; sittings. 1513 Geary st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m.; 25c. 409 Leavenworth Ft.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia; sittings,
. $1; circles Tues., 2; Sat. eve., 8 p. m.; 25c.
M. ; FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halgrht st. . ■ . . - - -■ - -- .
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St.. room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 218 Stockton st. . >i:r
. ■ HYPNOTISM.. J^-
S. F. College of Suggestive Therapeutics re-
moved to 247 Larkin St., corner McAllister;
10 a. m. to 4 p. m. Dr. S. Turman. President. ,
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS. *
BOILERS, engines. 2d hana machinery. Ma*
IN TOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale at.
A MUSIC box, playing harp, piccolo and zither,
8 airs: boucht at a cost of $90; will be
slaughtered for $25. UNCLE HARRIS. IS
■ Grant aye. '
AN elegant wedding present; 6 coin silver tabla
and teaspoons, forks and knives in box; per- .
fectly new; cost at Shreve's $100; will be sold
for $43. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FINE dress suit, nearly new, made by fash-
ionable tailor, will be sold cheap. Apply A.
E. EDWARDS, 130 Second st. _>v V
FRESH milch cow, with calf. Apply ' 8908
Twenty-fourth st.
FOR Sale— New Singer sewing machine, with,
all attachments. 816 Greenwich st. %*,•.
FRESH Durham cow; IS quarts day; gentle
trade for beef cow. 1312 Folsom st. •■->-.'.'>
THE leading violets for the leading people:
60,000 strong plants for sale; Princess or
Wales and Lady Hume Campbell, $3 per 100,
$1 7." per 50; Golden Gate, California, Marie.
Louise and Swanley White, $2 per 100, $1 25
per 50.
Also 400 assorted palms from. 1 to 3 feet
high, from 25 cts. to. 'SI 25 each; shrubs in
variety; dahlias a specialty, 5 cts. each, 50
cts. per dozen; seeds for sale from finest
strains; special rates to the trade.
C. CROCKFORD, Grower, (olma, San Ma-
teo Co. ; take San Mateo electric-car.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 inches.
10c: Bxlo and 10x12, Be: 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17, 25c: 16x20. 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x24, 45c; 22x
2S, 60o; curtain poles complete, 15c: rm. mold-
Ing.all colors, lc ft;open eve. Jones,s47 Mission
HARP, piano, Boehm flutes, clarionets, saxo-
phones, horns and variety of other Instru-
ments; Sala transit and level, tents, side-
saddles, guns, .revolvers; all high grade; low
prices; no dealers. 3941 Twenty-fourth st.
PAIR solitaire diamond earrings reduced to
- $60; bought In Philadelphia at a cost of $150.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. j
EGGS for hatching: thoroughbred Black MI- *'
. norcas and Barred Plymouth Rocks, $1 per 15.
2029 San Antonio aye., Alameda.
SCOW schooner; small: cheap for cash, 12 tons
register. Call at 410 Maple st. ;
SCHOONER yacht, 44 feet long, keel boat;
good condition. Box 2764, Call office.
! Laundry machinery, engines, dynamos.electri-
cal goods; new. 2d hand. Smith C 0.527 Mission.
FOR SALE— pumps, engine and boiler
and large ■ iron tank. Apply HAy t-Nb *
TOEPKE. Architects. 55 Flood building.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment: 1
! and 2-bowl barber washstands. cheap. HOT 1 -
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. . t
COMPLETE set of tinning tools for sale cheap.
fis4 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
" ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-10 M
Mission st.. above Sixth.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: Tel. So. 787.
WHISKY.- Kentucky, '97; bonded warehouse.
San Francisco; 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO.. San Francisco.
•ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission at.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 633 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
■ sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records, $5 per doz.:
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck. letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
- bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. ■
SEWING MACHINES.
FOR sale— Fine sewing machine; cheap. Call
- or address 128 Pond st. * "j
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
: repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
$2 MONTHLY*— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.: phone Mint 45.
~ PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTY with $100; gilt-edge proposition; suit-
able for lady; Investigate. Box 2821, Call. .
____M_mM_s__b_M____»_o'W)m_»_;,:-: - - - " -nUbINESi CHANCES.
CORNER grocery and bar, south of Mar-
ket st.; value in sight: big bar trade; this
offer means a great sacrifice. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
$250— PARTNER wanted In well-paying restau-
rant; central; owner tired ut unreliable help:
trial given to suitable party. Apply to M.
LESS. 765 Mark', st^
A $3000 INVESTMENT will enable you to clear
at least 1200 per month; besides you get full
value in sight ; this »ffer is open to Investi-
■ ■ gation from top to bottom; can have trial be-
fore buying; the business needs no experi-
ence- any live mar. can manage it success-
fully; it Is perfectly legitimate and means a
gentleman's occupation. If in earnest apply
.to M. LESS. 7i~ Market Bt. • - -
BUTCHERS attention— To let, a first-class
butcher shop, now running in finest market
of city; established 20 years; daily receipts
$150 to $130- will make rent reasonable; must
be good man; this offer means getting into
an Al business for nothing. Apply to M.
LESS. 765 MarketJ^
A—sssoA — $550- 200 masouerade and theatrical cos-
tumes: well-located business; eat. 1575; good
chance for bright woman. KREDO & CO.,
22V4 Geary st.
A— s2so; confectionery- and Icecream parlors;
elegant place near city. KREDO & CO., 22%
Geary st. ■ ■
$2000— FLORIST; 2-acre nursery; glassed; com-
plete assortment choice flowers; pot plants.
KREDO & CO. . . .
$226— SALOON : tins corner: side entrance; eas-
, ily worth ?(i00; receipts $15 daily. KREDO
& CO.
$150— BRANCH bakery and delicacy store in
Mission: 3 living rooms; rent $15; dally re-
ceipts from JS to $10; a first-class offer.
WILKE. 753 Market st. [■■ :< .-,-
SSOO— PARTNER wanted in old established cor-
ner loon, doing a first-class paying busi-
ness; very best location In wholesale district;
only honest and Industrious man need ap-
ply. V. ILK 783 Market st.
$500— RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; close to
3 theaters; doing a rushing .business; no cheap
prices; must sacrifice; partners can't agree.
Call WILKE, r_l Market st.
$SC>O— SALOON; bargain; leaving for Klondike
Immediately. MCLAUGHLIN _: CO., 23
Kearny st. i..:.
$4.=-O— MECHANICS' restaurant and lodging-
house; bargain on account of departure. Me-
LAUGHLIN ft CO.. 23 Kearny st.
JSOO— CORNER grocery and bar. the best in
the city, will be sold at a sacrifice; retiring
from business. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23
Kearny st.
$300— CORNER grocery and bar: bargain. Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
A— s4so; WELL- PAYING comer grocery and
bar.
$600 For a good-paying saloon.
- $350— One-half interest in good restaurant.
,+ And other restaurants, saloons and bakeries,
at ANDERSON & CO. 'B. 777 Market st.
RESTAURANT, near Market and East sts. H.
C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
$1200— WOOD. coal, feed and boarding stable;
established 20 years. DECKER. 1020 Market.
1250*— PARTNER wanted in a first-class res-
taurant that will pay $75 to each; this is a
chance for a good man. Apply B. CURRAN,
2_B Minna st. _^_______
$125— SALOON and four living rooms; rent $10;
good location: satisfactory reasons for sell-
■ ing. Inquire LEMLE LEVY CO., 265 Third.
SALOON— good location, south of Mar-
ket St.: side rooms: very reasonable; a bar-
gain. Box 2657, Call office. .
r LUNCH parlor, seats 43; doing good busi-
ness: cheap: investigate. Box 589 Call office.
WANTED— To buy half Interest in hay and
feed business; no agents. Box 2685, Call.
FOR SALE— Grocery and bar, in good location.
Inquire 730 Minna st. for three days.
SALOON — Good business; must be sold on ac-
count of sickness. Inquire 200') Fiilmore st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
PARTNER wanted in first-class saloon; best
opening In the city. 33 Third st. '
GROCERY and bar; 3 living rooms; $18; must
be sold to-day; cheap. 551 Howard st.
$60 BUYS grocery and bar; owner sick; must
fell. 119 Seventh St.
$2000— DRUG store; established: must sell: fine
stock sacrificed: owner's manager going to
Alaska. LAYMAN' REAL ESTATE CO.,
400 Eighth St.. Oakland 1J
$150 invested actually earns 35 per cent weekly
profits; rare chance; no stock or Klondike
scheme; safe enterprise: control capital your-
self. D.Sloane, 110 St. Paul st., Baltimore. Md.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, _> Grant ay.
J6^_ON account of sickness this nice business,
milk, egßs. butter, bread, candy and notions,
two pleasant living rooms In rear of store,
nicely furnished tor housekeeping. If you
want a bargain call at 1146 Folsoni St..
GENTLEMAN with $1000 to engage in fine-pay-
ing business; 200 per cent on money invested;
fortune to right man; first-class recommenda-
tions required. Address box 2664, Call office.
PARTNER with $2000 to $5000 to start auction
business with experienced auctioneer; only
those with that amount need apply; no ex-
perience needed. Box 2662, Call office.
\ GOOD-PAYING 15c shop for sale; pood loca-
• tlon. Corner Sacramento st. and Central aye.
GROCERY and novelty store near 2 large
schools; established 12 years. Southeast cor-
ner Jones and Greenwich st. ■
$100 BUYS State right for first-class dress-
cutting system; taught In five lessons; big
profits. Box 2636. can.
$200— RESTAURANT elegantly furnished, on
Market et. ; good reasons for selling. Apply
827 Mission st.
AN old-established bakery; baking 3 barrels
daily; store trade; cheap; rent low. Inquire
at Call office. .'■ :
WANTED— To buy small established busi-
ness; no sald°ons or restaurants. Box 2579,
Call ofne?. ■ ■
GOOD raying soda water route for sale cheap.
44 Dame St., between Thirtieth and Thirty-
first.
WANTED— To buy good will of country sa-
loon. Box 2555. Call office.
WANTED— Partner saloon: open day and night
for 50 years. 650 Sacramento st., northeast
corner of Kearny.
4 SAN FRANCISCO lots to trade; perfect title;
also good restaurant. 62 Eighth st.
CORNER saloon; good stock of liquors and
cigars; bargain. 243 Fourth st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale; in-
vestigate at once. 249 Fourth st. -
FOR Sale— Business of the late John Gross;
oldest, established candy factory and Ice
• cream parlors In San Joaquln County. Ad-
dress 25 North El Dorado st., Stockton, Cal.
WANTED— Home in private family for boy 4
years old; must -be thoroughly first class;
state particulars; no other children. Box
2,725. Call.
BARGAIN: good paying grocery business:
living-rooms; central location. M. E., box 102,
Call Office. ' -
RENT $30— Good paying restaurant; oak furni-
ture: steady boarders. 1806 Market st.
FOR sale — Good-paying grocery store. For par-
ticulars call at 409 Sansome ft.
CORNER saloon for sale on account o- death;
cheap. 1121 Harrison st.
GOOD-PAYING restaurant; average $18 per
day; trial given. 2424 Mission st. .
BUTCHERS' fixtures, complete outfit, for sale;
cheap. Apply 1121 Mission st.
FOR Bale — Corner grocery and bar; good loca-
tion. 1552 Folsoni
FOR sale— One of the best bakeries In the city.
Inquire at 1509 Polk st.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Reglst'd Pat.
Agents; established 1862. 819 Pine St., city.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at IS3 Third st. Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'B. 415 Sacramento St.
IS LARKIN Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
CARI'E 1 CLEANING.
cTtT'lS^T'cl^^ l JSiSig C^
mnvp , lava r&roets. G. H. Hlhvfc.xo, Mgr.,
' SandW^lW »f.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you"become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULWNG'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.: tel. So. 40.
-J«- WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
• alteration works. 413 McAllister: Jessie. 32l.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutler;
tel. Main 394 GEO. WAL-OM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c."per yard; relald at 3c.
.... STR-ATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet -Cleaning
Works, 14 Bth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie -vi.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c. a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpot-Reatlng Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections, wills,
probate. insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages, copartnership, bills-of-sale. patents,
' trademarks, etc.; established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market at.
"CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for 51 60. postage
free.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
ALASKA Gold" Fields Dispatch Association
beats everything to Dawson and all Alaska
points; next messenger leaves on Queen
April 6; beat any other mall 2 months; exe-
cute trusts; letters $1. BS2 Parrott building.
KLONDIKERS. your outfit is of no value with-
out a Eureka patented portable gold washer;
do not fall to take one along; you get more
gold than you can carry. 219 Bush st. . . ■
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and
good men at general work who are going to
Dawson can, on the way up. work out $100
to $200 of their fare, via St. Michaels. Apply
The Gold Star Co.. Mills building. San Fran.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, . packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO.,
wholesale and retail grocers. 531 Washington.
MONEY loaned on watch's, diamonds, jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 13 Grant ay. 1
STRONG doK, well trained for Alaska, for 1
sale; $16. 2130 Point Lobos aye.
FINE Esquimaux doe for Alaska. Inquire
Cosmopolitan Saloon, Third and Townsend.
PARTNER wanted for established restaurant
and hotel on Yukon River. Box 2655, Call.
GOOD strong dog». trained for Alaska, for sale
at 510 Van Ness aye.
YUKON dog harness: best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN, 1238 Fillmore st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Hpran Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE dogs: also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. KILLIP'S Sale Yard. 1730 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves in the
world. HOLMES & CO., 416-41S Jackson st.
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER. 400 Pacific st. r-i '^V
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. Q. SHAW. 4 Sutter.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO.. successful brokers, 2_V_ Geary.
48 rooms: best in city $2,000
26 rooms; Market; a give away 450
23 rooms; all housekeeping; make offer.. 700
17 rooms, near Plaza: always full 650
15 rooms, near Market; rent $45 800
14 rooms; Golden Gate: snap 400
12 rooms: Market; boarding; clears $75.... 675
11 rooms; Ninth: clears $50; bonanza...... 400 |
10 rooms; Ellis; new and good 300 |
7 rooms: Market; offices pay rent 200
Hundreds of others at your own price.
$1200— ROOMS; clears $150; $600 cash, balance
time; snap. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.
15-ROOM house, new furniture; price only.s 300
22-room house; new and good 750
21 rooms; fine location; only 75
85 rooms; rent $200: good furniture 2500
110-room house: clears $350 6500
20 rooms, on Van Ness aye 1100
12 rooms, on O'Fnrrell; clears $50 600
?6 rooms; new and good 800
32 rooms, on Market; clears $250 2SjO
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
A FEW special bargains— l 6 rooms; will go at
any price.
22 rooms; central; very good $450
27 rooms; hurry up: don't miss it 850 |
36 rooms; a fine proposition 1000
If you haven't enough money, we will help
you to buy a home.
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— Good tenant: newly papered, 30-
room lodging-house; rent $90. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st. ' • -
WANTED— tenant for 50-roorn family ho-
tel, north of Market st- SPECK & CO., 602 ,
Market st.
$700— BARGAIN: house, IS rooms; pays well.
j G. E. LAWRENCE & CO.. 629 Sacramento st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR Sale— Furniture of 4 rooms, complete for
housekeeping, cheap. 71834 Minna st. .
~~ LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California — the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
. RILL, deceased.— Notice of sale of real es-
tate. =-;,:?»
Notice is hereby given that In pursuance of
an order of the Superior Court of the city and
county of ban Francisco, State of California,
: made on the 21st day of March, 1898, in the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
RILL, deceased, the undersigned, ANNIE H.
TERRILL, as executrix of the last will of
said CHARLES C. TERRILL, deceased, will
sell at private sale, to the highest bidder, in
one parcel and for cash in the gold coin of
the United States, on or after the 12th day
of April, 1898, the offers or bids to be received
at the offices of E. F. PRESTON. ESQ.,
1004-1007 Claus Spreckels building, San Fran-
cisco, all the right, -title, interest and estate
of the said CHARLES C. TERRILL at the
time of his death, and all tne right, title and
interest that the estate hat/, by operation of
law or otherwise, acquired other than or in
! addition to that of the said CHARLES C.
TERRILL at the time of his death. in and
: to all' that certain lot. piece or parcel of land
situate in said city and county of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, and bounded and
described as follows, to wit:
That lot, piece or parcel of land situate as
aforesaid which is bounded by a line com-
mencing at the southwesterly corner of Va-
lencia and Hermann streets, being the point
of intersection of the southerly line of Her-
mann street with the westerly line of Va-
lencia street, and running thence southerly
along the said westerly side of Valencia
street seventy-five (75) feet to a point; thence
at a right angle westerly, on a line parallel
with Hermann street, ninety (90) feet to a
point; thence at a right angle southerly on a
line parallel with Valencia street, twenty-
five (25) feet to a point; thence at a right
angle westerly on a line parallel with Her-
mann street, seventy-five (75) feet; and to a
point in the easterly line ■■ of Elgin Park;
thence at a right angle northerly and along
the said easterly line of Elgin Park, one
hundred (100) feet, and to a point in the said
southerly line of Hermann street; and thence
easterly, along the said southerly line of
Hermann street, one hundred and sixty-five
(165) feet and to the point of commencement,
the same being a part of Mission block num-
ber twenty-two (22) as the said block is
shown and so designated on the official map
of said city and county, together with the
■ improvements thereon and the appurtenances
thereof. ,
ANNIE H. TERRILL, Executrix of the
Estate of CHARLES C. TERRILL. deceased.
■ Dated, March 26, 1898.
E. F. PRESTON, Attorney for Executrix.
CITY and County \ Treasury, San . Francisco,
March 16, 1898— In compliance with the provis-
ions of section 5 of order 1538 of the Board of
Supervisors, approved September 15, ISSO,
there will be sold at public auction by E. S.
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33
Sutter street, on
. MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1898,
At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen,
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
police force of San Francisco, as detailed In -
an inventory thereof on file in the office of i
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors, and j
consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel, pis- i
tols, knives, etc. ; also a lot of trunks, valises, i
clothing, etc., property of deceased persons
received from the Coroner of this city, and
county. Open for inspection on morning of
sale. A. C. WIDBER.
1 . City and County Treasurer.
~ ~~~ PROPOSALS.
PLANS and specifications invited for an hos-
pital building— Clerk's office. Board of Super-
visors, San Francisco, March 12, IS9S. -
In accordance with Resolution No. . 797
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
public notice is hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and specifications for
the erection of an hospital building will be
received In open session of the Board of Su- j
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON, Sep-
tember 12, 1898, between the hours of 2:30
and 8 o'clock. ■ .■>- i^;'.
The proposed building to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick,
or of both, with all the latest scientific im-
provements required as to construction and
sanitation, equal to, if not superior, to any
building designed or contracted for hospital
purposes, as are indorsed by medical author-
ity as being Indispensable in the construction
of such a building.
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by tha
Board of Health described as follows:
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of. a tract of land known as and desig-
nated on the official map of the city and
county of San Francisco as the "Almshouse
Tract." and running thence due north along
the easterly boundary line of said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (7t>s) feet;
thence due west five hundred and fifty (550)
feet; thence due south seven hundred and
eixty-flve (765) feet to the southerly line of I
the said Almshouse Tract: thence due east '
along the said southerly line of the Aims-
house Tract live hundred and fifty (550) feet
to the point of commencement; containing
».659 acres.
The said plans and specifications to be so
•prepared that the cost of the building shall
not exceed in the aggregate the sum of three
hundred thousand ($300,000) dollars, which
tarn must cover the entire expense for the
erection and completion of the proposed
NOTICE— Architects will prepare and sub-
mit with their plans and specifications for
said hospital building an itemized estimate
..of the cost of said building, the statute re-
quiring eight (S) hours to constitute a day's
work with a minimum rate of wages of two
<$■>) dollars per. day,, for persons employed on j
said building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications will be enter-
tained or considered of buildings the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to exceed
the. sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars. Also that the architect whose plans 1
ond specifications of the building are adopted
• will be appointed architect and superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, and will, be re-
ciuired to give a good; and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the case may be, to insure the
completion and construction of the said
building for the amount of the estimate of
the cost as made by the said architect. The
architects svbmitting plans and .specifications
determined by the board to be second, third
and fourth in merit will receive premiums of
$1000, $750 and $500 respectively, with the un-
derstanding that any features of said plans
and specifications which may be considered
useful or necessary be embodied in the plans
adopted may be used without further cost or
Charr*- y . JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, 3IARCH 29, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOW ELL, 10 Montgomery^
DEVISADERO, 727— House 7 rooms, bath; rent
cheap: 3 car lines. *
DOLORES, 821, between Twenty-first and
Twenty-second — 0 rooms and bath; rent $H.
HOUSE of 8 or 12 rooms; reasonable. 253
Stevenson St., bet. Third and Fourth.
HYDE, GO9, near Geary — Sunny; choice; 13
rooms ; $50; appreciated if seen; investigate.
NICE modern bay-window house, 1331 Golden
Gate aye., between Fillmore and Stelner sts.;
6 rooms and bath: plumbing and everything
in good order; rent low to good tenant. Ap-
ply to P. C. MOLLOY, 138 Montgomery s^
NICE sunny house. 7 rooms and bath; 1
Golden place, Golden Gate aye.. between
Hyde and Larkin sts.; rent only $21 60. Ap-
ply to P. C. MOLLOY, 138 Montgomery st.
SUNNY house; 7 rooms; modern; cheap to good
tenant. Broderlck, near McAllister st.
|S— A REAR house of 4 rooms; newly reno-
vated ; water free. lB__Natoma st.
$16—9 rooms and bath; corner Hermann and
Stevenson. Apply 1709 Market st.
$25— HOUSE and large barn, 6 stalls; 12S Clara
st. NICOL, 410 Kearny st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
HANDSOME new upper 5-room fiat; piano;
reasonable. 22i3 Fifteenth St., 1 block north
of Market.
SUTTER, 717, near Taylor— Choice; elegant;
sunny; appreciated if seen; please investigate.
COTTAGES TO LET.
4-r,. fltf; 5-r. (new). Wfc 7-r. 7new) $17; 8-r
$18. or will seli. $50 to $200 cash: bal. like rent;
see 'em. THE MCCARTHY CO.. M 6 Market.
4 ROOMS $10, or will sell $50 cash: balance $12
per mo. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
ARMY?" 3624, near Guerrero— Sunny cottage, 5
rooms; basement; bath.
COTTAGE, 3 rooms; large yard; 1377 Harrison
st. ■ rent $10; also 4 rooms, 812 Jessie ot., near
Ninth; rent $S 50; keys in grocery.
TWENTIETH, 4437— Seven-room cottage, bath,
laundry and basement; suitable for small
business. .
MARKET, 4— Branch office of The Call; want
FLATS TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL flat, 8 rooms, bath; every con-
venience; $30. 1505 Geary st.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Flat of 3 nice
rooms, $7^ ■
EDDY, 1541— Desirable sunny corner flat, 6
rooms; modern hnprovemta; rent reasonable.
ELEGANT top" flat; 5 rooms, bath; latest im-
provements. 145 Grove st., near City Hall.
FELIT~IIIB— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc^
FINE flat 6 rooms and bath; all modern im-
provements; 623 McAllister St., between Van
Ness aye. and Franklin st. Apply at bZi
Golden Gate aye.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bath; modern improvements.
3442 Twentieth St., cor. Capp.
HAIGHT, 455, near Fillmore — Flat 6 sunny
rooms; latest improvements; separate en-
trance: $24. p
JaFkSON. 1511. near Larkln— Sunny upper
flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent $25. BLRN-
KAM & MARSH CO.. 62S Market st.
JESSIE, 638. between Seventh and Eighth—
ciean sunny flat of 3 rooms^s9.
MISSION, Ifilltt, near Eleventh— s large sunny
rooms; bath, laundry and yard;
MODERN 5-room flat. 125 Ash aye., bet. Polk
and Van Ness, near McAllister^
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms; large sunny
yard; cellar: $I<X
NINTH, 241— Modern bay-window flat, 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
RING up 'Phone Brown 323 if you wish to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
RITCH. 210VJ, off Bryant, near Third— 4 sunny
rooms'r 00 m s' and yard; rent $10.
SUNNY flat, 5 large rooms; modern improve-
ments. 27 F.lgin lark.
SXJNNT bay-window corner flat of 7 rooms
bath, gas, yard. Northeast cor. Dolores and
Fifteenth sts.
T'> I.KT-f. Roms and bath; water free. 113 Sul-
livan st., near Stanyan.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 8868— i sunny rooms, bath;
Twenty-second-st. cars paaa door.
! UPPER flat 6 rooms and bath; all sunny; rent
$21. 22u Thirteenth St.. near Howard.
v -i* AVER flat of 4 rooms. 27 Pearl st.. off
Market, near Valencia.
$13— NICE sunny flat. 5 rooms, bath; gas and
yard. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
$13 50— UPPER flat, 5 rooms; modern. 11 Kings-
ton aye., near Thirtieth st. and San Jose aye.
$ 35— LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms.
624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
I $40— NEW upper flat, 7 rooms, bath. 1125 Tay-
lor St., near Clay.
10C ELEVENTH— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and ads taken.
FURNISHED FLATS^
McALI-ISTEK. 1605—7 rooms and bath; hand-
somely furnished sunny flat, $i.o. G. H.
UMBSEN & CO.
j NICELY furnished flat. 5 rooms and bath;
piano, etc.; $25. 1745 Hyde st.
! SUNNY lower flat. 2 rooms and bath; rent
reasonable; references. 2110 Hak.-r st.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
nTrYANT, 43<». nr. 3d— Sunny pleasant house-
keeping rooms complete, _S up; single, $7.
BUSH, 1203—3 furnished rooms and bath for
housekeeping.
CLAY, 101:0 — 3 large rooms; all conveniences for
housekeeping ; $9.
CLEMENTINA, 3.' S. bet. Fourth and Fifth-
Two neatly furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
EDDY, 915 — Two or 4 unfurnished or furnished
room's; gas; range; fine location; private resi-
dence.
EDDY, 917— Sunny, nicely furnished connecting
housekpg rms. ; "gas range; splendid location.
ELEVENTH, 106— Brunch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads takem
FIFTH 809— New house; nicely furnished
suites; regular kitchen; run'ns. water; $12 up.
FILLMoRE, 1501' i— Lady occupying 2 or 8
sunny housekeeping rooms and bath, wishes
lady roommate. __^
FOLSOM, 789— Nice sunny rooms for house-
keeping, $1 75 up.
FOLSOM, 1581—2 housekeeping rooms, partly
furnished; cent $i>-
GOLDEN GATE, 620—3 sunny housekeeping
rooms, complete; tirst floor; rent $2') per mo.
HARRISON, 946— Nice sunny front rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; also single rooms;
reasonable.
HARRISON, 731— Four rooms, completely fur-
nished for housek'g; large yard; bath; $16.
HOWARD,. 821— Suites of housekeeping rooms,
*9; single. $7 par month.
IVY, 124, between Polk and Van Ness— Two
housekeeping rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished; large yard.
KEARNY, 104—3 unfurnished rooms and bath,
$15.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— Large
room and kitchen; unfurnished; reasonable.
MARTHA place, 6, oft Geary St., bet. Mason
and Taylor— Floor 4 sunny housekeeping
rooms; no children^
MISSION, 2009, near Sixteenth— Furnished front
room, grate; use of kitchen; yarcL
MOSS 36, off Howard, near Seventh — 3 fur-
nished rooms or more for housekeeping; sunny
yard.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
PINE, 704— Front sunny furnished room; fold-
ing bed; stove; $9; front single, $6.
POST, 1427—2 or more single or housekeeping
rooms; partly or unfurnished; reasonable;
private.
PROSPECT place, 123, off California and Powell
I or 2 rooms, with kitchen, storage, con-
nected, $12 to $15; private German family.
SEVENTEENTH, 3481— Sunny furnished rooms
in private family for 1 or 2 ladies.
SIXTH, 314— Front bay-window suite, with
kitchen for housekeeping, $12.
SUNNY unfurnished rooms; marine view; $4.
26G Chestnut st.
THIRD, MB— Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms, from $6 to $10 a suite.
THIRD, 334 — Sunny flats of two rooms each;
$5 and $6 per month.
TURK, 201— Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; suitable for 4.
TURK, 203 — Elegantly furnished sunny front
rooms for housekeeping; also single; all con-
veniences.
TURK. 53S— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing or suites.
TWELFTH, 145 — 2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
TWO or more sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; bath; reparate; $10. Call 174G
Hyde st.
ROOMS TO LET.
ALTON. 204 McAllister— Sunny front rooms and
suites; also 3 complete for housekeeping.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pieasant
eunny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-class ,
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BOND, 16, off Mission— Nice large front room
and kitchen; complete; $12 month; also nice
front room; suitable 1 or 2 gentleman.
BOHEMIA. 229 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given.
CENTRAL House. 52 2d— Good family & single
rms.; day, 25, 50c; wk., $1 25, $2 50; mo.. $0 up.
CLEMENTINA, 434\— Sunny furnished room
with parlor, $3 month.
DELAWARE. iTJT Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $S and $10 mo.: nice suites.
EDDY 212 (The Lexington) — Rooms per night.
50c to $1: week, $2 to $6; families.
ELLIS. 720— Nicely furnished single rooms, $5
and $6 per month.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ELLIS, 606— Nice sunny room.
FELL, 452— Sunny furnished front room for 1
or 2 persons; rent $5. _^
FELL, 47£— Sunny furnished or unfurnished
light housekeeping room; bath; quiet family;
cheap.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 7G6'/ft — Large furnished room. $4; all
conveniences.
GEARY, 518— Large sunny bay-window room;
sunny suites; other rooms; light housekpng.
GEARY. 774—2 large furnished sunny parlors,
with bath, in private family.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission; select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
: HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
I suites; single: sunny reading room; 25c up.
HOTEL KAISERHOF. 816 Sansome St., bet.
Pacific and Broadway — Nice sunny furnished
roms for rent; 75c per week up; also house- i
keeping rooms, cheap^ |
JONES, 1705, near Broadway — 4 nice sunny
rooms; grand marine view; rent $13.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny furnished room. 1 or 2
persons, $6; single room, $5.
LEAVENWORTH, 152^-2 or 3 large rooms;
hot water; bath; lower part of private house;
rent cheap.
MARTHA PLACE, 6, south of Geary, above
Mason— Sunny room., 2 beds; also single.
MASON 2213^— Furnished room to let, with or
without board: private family.
MCALLISTER, fill— Nicely furnished sunny sin-
gle room; running water; bath; gas; reas.
MCALLISTER. 665— Furnished front room: use
of bath; also sunny back room.
MINNA, 442— Sunny single room, $4 a month.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
buy-window room, $1 a week.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
NEVADA House. 132 Sixth— Select rooms. $1 50
to $4 50 week, $6 to $15 month; also house-
keeping.
OAK 22 Nicely furnished modern rooms, $6
and $8 mo.; suitable for 2; nice location.
OCTAVIA 2— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
I dow room; hall bedroom; $4 v*-: private fam.
O'FARRELL 210 A— Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished. $10; front single room. $6.
O'FARRELL. 231— Having changed hands;
rooms thoroughly renovated: reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 535>4— Large front unfurnished
room for rent: cheap.
PINE, 647— Single rooms for gentlemen; gas,
j grates, running water, etc.; cheap; private.
I POLK, 607—1 or 2 large sunny front rooms;
kitchen if desired: very reasonable.
POST, 216—3 connecting rooms, suitable for
doctor or dentist.
POST, 605— Elegantly furnished rooms, single
and en suite; terms reasonable.
i POWELL, 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable: transient.
! POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantiy furnished sunny rooms; reasonable.
! poWELL 509— Two nicely furnished sunny
100 ms tuViolnin*. suitable for two gentlemen.
SEVENTH, 211—2 sunny unfurnished front
rooms; rent $9.
sin k.man \partnieni House, H Biglith st.,
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
j SILVER STATE. 16-1S Mason— European; ela- |
gant rooms; suite or single: i.ay, week or
month; baths; hot and cold water; transient; ]
'. elevator.
! STEVENSON, ; 71, next corner Second— Tailors'
workrooms to let.
SUTTER, 407— One single room for a gentle-
man.
SCTTER, 715-717-719— Furnished and unfurnish-
ed; choice and sunny; reasonable; Investigate.
$7 no — HOI'SE of 3 rooms; nice yard. Apply
cor. Fillmore anil H.--rmai'.. In grocery.
HOARDING AND KOOMS.
BEAUTIFUL newly furnished sunny rooms:
southern exposure; with board; building Just
completed; Van Ness; references. Box 2669.
FELL, 26— Sunny parlor, with lst-class board
for 2, $35 mo.; single rooms; gents preferred.
FINE chicken dinner 25c, Tuesdays and Thurs-
days, 5 to 7 p. m. ; home cooking. 122V4 Turk.
FINE turkey dinner. 25c, Sundays, 4 to 7 p. m.
122V6 Turk St.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nic- location.
FULTON, 833 — Two unfurnir-hed front rooms
with board. The Mlzpah.
HYDE, 408 — Double and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up.
HYDE 925— Sunny suites: first-class board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHERTON.
MCALLISTER, BlS— Newly lurnished sunny
room, suitable for 2, $10 mo. ; with board, $30.
SOUTH PARK, 158 — Good table board. $3 per
week, with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
TI'RK, 812— Nice room two gentlemen ; bath:
gas; grate: board; private family; $35.
VAN NESS aye., 808— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern: newly furnished; with board.
SUMMER RESORTS.
EI^EG/kNTLY furnished hotel In Mill Valley,
30 riinns, baths and all latest improvements;
beautiful grounds; unsurpassed view; only
\ hour from San Francisco; rent low. Par-
tlculnrs. MADIS'iN A- m'i:KK. 62fi Market.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW with comfortable home would like 2
children to board; reasonable. 51 Clara »t.
WANTED — Child to board; best of care; terms
|10. 1034 McAllister St.
A FEW children boarded: a fine home and
mother's care. Address box 2M7. Call office.
AN elderly lady will take infants to board; a
mother's care; references. 23H4 Sixth Bt.
STORES TO LET.
! ASHTON& GARDINER,
411 Montgomery st.
$ 1 5_5506 Market St.. nr. Octavia st.
$35—859 Mission St., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
$50—1532 Market St., nr. Larkln i>t.
$22 50—826 Howard St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
$15—234 Montgomery aye., nr. Broadway.
$23—338 Fourth St., nr. Harrison st.
$50—17 City Hall Square.
$20—17 Pacific Bt., nr. Drumm.
$40—20 Sacramento St., nr. Ferries.
$13—3042 Sixteenth st., nr. Valencia.
*1S — 1229 Dupont St.. nr. Vallejo.
$40—717 Larkin St., nr. O'Farrell.
$120 — 479-455 Valencia st.. cor. Sixteenth.
$35—238 Montgomery aye., cor. Broadway.
$$— 1600 Pacific aye., nr. Polk st.
$20 37 Second St., nr. Market.
$40—314 Montgomery aye. nr. Dupont st.
$25—1104 Valencia st., nr. Twenty-second.
$15— 22S Fourth st., bet. Howard and Folsom.
$r.5— 713 Larkln st., nr. O'Farrell.
$1S — 527 Broadway, nr. Montsomery aye.
$10—1132 Valencia St., bet. 22d and 23d. V
$je— 4lB Turk st., bet_JHydejind Larkln.
SIXTH, 536 — Store. 3 rooms; large yard; rear
entrance; rent $1L
STORE, «'lth rooms, 29*6 Mission st. ; occupied
for 9 years as cigar and stationery store;
near school.
TWENTY-SECOND, 3328— Store, 3 rooms and
hall: large- yard: rent $15.
BARN to let— Southwest corner Hyde and Fil-
bert sts.; 25x70: suitable for coal yard; $12 50.
Apply L. C. BABIN. 413 Kearny st.
OFFICES TO LET.
$8 AND up; nice sunny offices. Apply at
SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Market st.
TYPE WRI'A ERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery
YOST, good order. $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery st.
STORAGE.
Xl 1 Tow^ ratee^Furnliure, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates — Household goods, pianos: ad-
vances made; fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
NOTICE OF SALE OF REAL ESTATE—
Bids are hereby invited for the purchase of
the real estate consisting of a lot 3?4x57V4 and
the building comprising SIX MODERN FLATS,
situated on said lot, at southeast corner of
Filbert and Leavenworth sts., San Francisco,
belonging to the ESTATE of ANNA GIL'STI,
deceased.
Terms— s4ooo cosh, balance on easy terms,
with Interest at 7 per cent per annum.
Right reserved to reject unsatisfactory bids.
Sale subject to confirmation by Superior
Court (probate).
Address 120 Sutter St., room 27.
H. E. MATHEWS,
Executor of the Will of ANNA GIUSTI, De-
ceased.
March 25, IS9B.
INSTALLMENT HOUSES.
The best-situated spot in the city for
homes: right on a car line; corner Castro and
Twentieth sts. ; only 4 out of 2S houses re-
maining unsold; 1 large 6-room house, $3600,
highly decorated, street accepted: 1 S-room
cottage, $2800; 1 6-room cottage. $2400, and 1
4-room cottage. $2250. F. NELSON, owner
and builder.
ONLY $13 50 a month will buy a new 4-room
and bath cottage; good neighborhood; 5 al-
ready sold. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgom-
ery st.
LADIES accommodated with money at home.
Ring up Uncle Harris, 'Phone Brown 323.
SPLENDID corner for grocery ; Mission St.;
50x1 JO: bargain ami fr\sy terms. 413 Kearny.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$3600 FOR IV* acres within 8 minutes' walk
from Santa Rosa postofflce and court house;
fine house, 8 large rooms, besides hall, pan-
try and bath room; piped for water and gas;
large stable, barn, 3 sheds, 130 choice fruit
trees; will sell whole or In blocks to suit.
Address R. W. BELL, SO4 Tupper st., Santa
Rosa, Cal.
SWEENY RANCH
Nil. REDWOOD CITY, SAN MATEO CO.
We will subdivide the celebrated ranch of
the late Miles D. Sweeny In tracts of 100 acres
or less: rich soil for fruit, grain and vegeta-
bles; plenty of water: this property immedi-
ately adjoins Redwood City, and is only one
h< m's ride from San Francisco; suitable for
small home farms; prices below all former
Quotations and upon unusually easy terms.
For particulars call or address
EASTON. ELDRIDGE a: CO.,
638 Market St., San Francisco,
Or our branch office at Redwood City.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
FOR SUBURBAN HOMES.
Especially adapted to raisins deciduous fruits
and vegetables; we have a few choice subdivi-
sions of 10 to 20 acres each in the Newhall &
Wise tract which we offer at extremely low
prices and on very easy terms; small cash pay-
ment, balance monthly; one :.nd a half miles
from Mountain View station. Apply for full
particulars to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market st., San Francisco,
Or WOOSTER & WHITTON.
West Santa Clara st., San Jose.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
BREWERY for sale— Located in large town,
central Alameda County; capacity 25 barrels
per day; complete running order; building 40x
96. thoroughly well built, and outbuildings;
lot central corner, 250x225; everything re-
quired In the business; sold only because of
bad health and age of the owner; low price
and easy terms. Purchasers address C, box
2775. Call office.
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara Co.. bet.
Stanford University and Mountain View; 1
mile from Mayfleld: house 7 rooms; 2 cottages
4 rooms: garden, orchard, etc; will rent low
for 1 or 3 years to suitable, tenant. Apply C.
S. CAPP & CO., Real Est. Agts.. 630 Market.
FOR sale— l3s acres; fine virgin redwood and
pine timber: near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk, Mendoclno Count-" consist! 1* of the NE.
H of SW. Vt of Sec. 31. township 14 N.. ranga
15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
apply to A. CLOCKERS. Navarro. Cal.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cotton wood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms: 4"> minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
PKOPERTY IO IXC.I.AMii.
PROPERTY to exchange — 6SO acres of grain
and fruit land in Tehama County, 34 miles
from railroad station, to exchange for resi-
dence In San Francisco in residence portion
of the city; land valued at $20,000; free of in-
cumbrance; residence offered for exchange
must be unincumbered. Address box 232, Sac-
ramento, Cal.
100 RANCHES; 3 to 2500 acres; all prices.
2 stores and 6-room flat: in city $5,000
House, 6 rooms; lot 100x160; In Stockton 3.000
20 acres; all In fruit; good house for
rooming-house 3.000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth. S. F.
WHAT have you to exchange for East Berke-
ley residence lot? furniture preferred. EX,
106 Eleventh st.
ftkONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6^4 per cent on real estate;
Id and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life Insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R, Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse In storage; life lna. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low in-
terest; private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market ft: tel. Green 204.
$6 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOt'GAN & CO.. 2SO Kearny St.: upsUlra.
ON furniture, pianos; cKy or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell it.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st.. upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1569.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. S2S Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc MURPHY. 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister at.
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and jewelry.
MONEY WANTED.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.:" lowest
rates. MrAFKK PHOP.. 1"S Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
SAVE Interest and borrow from the CUT RATE
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mnson St.: private rooms.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
Jl ST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700. $ISOO. »I'2oo, $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on •• market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near schools and sta-
tions.
We are going to weed them out and Invite
inspection. MARCUSE ft REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 628 Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
2 NEW modern houses: open plumbing; every-
thing up-to-date; will sacrifice 1: going to
Alaska; small amount down, balance month-
ly; must sell. Box BWL Call office.
$750— Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
schoolhouse.
$12(i<\— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
f, rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$lfiPo_Lot 50x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.
$2550— 5150 cash; $25 per month; lot 40xU.0; only
2 blocks from station and nitrn school.
$27pn— New house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
42x150; choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park St.
BERKELEY REAL —STATE.
A~THOROUOHLY well-built house en* 7 rooms;
laree lot- street work done: near university;
easy terms. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Es-
tate, Berkeley station.
~o7klam) furniture for sale.
FURNITURE and household goodß very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 408
Eleventh st.. Oakland.
LOSI\
LOST— Female fox terrier, white and black
spots. Return 334 Pine st.,and receive reward.
CASH given for old gold and sliver Jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
PHYSICIANS.
DR C. C. O'DO;»NELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women » »peclalty.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE.
to PER month rent for a nice chicken ranch.
or will sell it at a bargain, payments as rent,
$75 for a fine lot: $5 cash. $5 monthly; build
ynur own, home, or we will build It for you;
payments as rent.
$125 for a nice lot and barn: $10. $5 monthly;
Allendale settlement, East Oakland; 3 electric
car lines and fine school near; streets all
graded, some macadamized; soli, climate and
view the best. Call or send for circular. 4.">9
Ninth nt., bet. Washington and Broadway,
Oakland. H. Z. JONES, Owner^
AN offer wanted; must be sold to save fore-
closure; 6-rocm house and lot 2?xllO on Eighth
St., 1 block from Market -st. Station: a small
cash payment and balance monthly will se-
cure It. BELDEN & COOK. 1112 Broadway,
near Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
TWO chicken ranches for rent with etock. C.
WIGGS, Dimond Postofflce. Frultvale.
MUST be sold— Corner lot. 100x150, with 5
houses, bringing In a rental of $35 per month;
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will he sold in whole or part: offer wanted.
J. CALLAOHAN. 814 Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best Jn America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
Ptates or Canada one year for }1 50. postage
free.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Lenard J. Steams and May L. Gunn. 2t-tt.
Ptefano Cardinale and Caterlna Bruno. S6-16.
Lulgi de Rltis and Mary Patoria. 27-21.
Samuel A. Selover and Clara E. Pierce. 51-19.
Anton Huber and Maria Zimbrlch. 36-35.
C. C. Westover and Blanche C. Gnggln. 24-23.
E. C. Rosin and Vivian E. Wright. 26-21.
Charles P. I'a.-.d»T and Hattlo Levy. 2.- go.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
ANTHONT-In Lompoc. March 21, 1599, to the
wife of Charles V. Anthony, a son.
ALMASAN— In Stockton, March 25. IS9B, to the
wife of W. Almasan. a daughter.
BROWN— In Weaverville, March 20, IS9B. to
the wife of Fleming BVown. a son.
BURTON— In this city March 26. IS9S, to the
wife of J. A. Burton, a daughter.
LARSEN— March 2S. ISOS. to the wife of Cap-
tain E. C. Larsen, a daughter.
LEWIS— In this city. March 23, IS9S. to the
wife of J. E. Lewis, a son.
MANNING— In this city. March 25. 1898, to the
wife of Martin Manning, a son.
PARENT— In this city, March 21. 1898. to the
wife of Charles E. Parent, a daughter.
SAUTER— In Lompoc, March 24, 1898, to the
wife of Louis Sauter, a daughter.
WOLF— In Oak Pane, March 22, IS9B, to the
wife of Frank Wolf, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BARTON— BENNETT— In this city. March 12.
IS9S, at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev.
Father Dempsey. Robert P. Barton and
Kitty Bennett, both of San Francisco.
BLOUNT— FINLEY— In Lompoc. March 23,
1.598. by the Rev. S. S. Patterson, George H.
Blount and Lelia M. Flnley.
CONAWAY— BISHOP— In Rediands. March 21,
IS9B, by the Rev. W. M. Sterling. O. P. Cona-
way and Charlotte Elena Bishop.
HINE-CONROY— In this city. March 23. 1898.
by the Rev. F. J. Mynard, Arthur W. Hlne
and Nellie R. Conroy.
WHEELER— HAINES— In Santa :.:aria. March
24. Utt, by the Rev. W. S. W hiteside. S.
Wheeler and Rose Mary Hainps.
DIED.
Aabe"!. Andrew M. Kunst, Lillle E.
Abrahamson. Moses Layer, Augustus
Ah Toy Lehman, Louis
Bias, James Merchant, James F.
Corkery, Annie McPherron, Maria G.
Collins, Edward Murphy. John M.
Camarena. Salvador Murphy, Johanna
Cunningham. John Pc/kins, Franklin I*
Cronan, Irene M. Ross, Rev. Irwin L.
Doherty, Mary Scheibe, Bernhardt
Ellmaker. Maria Smith, Benjamin
Fitzpatrick, Rev. T. Stumpf. A.
Fields. William Striff, Mary M.
Gallagher, Cella A. Slavlch, Vinka
Hall. James D. Soule, Lydia P.
Harking. Mrs. Eliza Tedtmeier, Frederick
Hill, Celia Vetter. Louis
Johnson, Anton Wilson, Mrs. N. J.
Keenan, Ellen Welgle, Annie M.
Kelly, Mary Wlndecker. Casper
Klain, Caroline Wordell, Abram
Keenan, Edward F.
AABEL— In this city, March 26, 1898, Andrew
Martin Aabel. beloved father of George A.
and John T. Aabel, a native of Norway, aged
69 years 7 months and 16 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2138 Guerrero street. between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
SCANDINAVIAN SOCIETY OF SAN FRAN-
cisco — Officers and members are requested to
attend the funeral of our late member. An-
drew M. Aabel, to-morrow (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from his late residence. 2138 Guer-
rero street. By order of President.
C. A. ANDERSON. Rec. Sec.
ABRAHAMSON— In this city, March 27. 1898.
Moses P., beloved son of Peter Abrahamson,
and brother of Mrs. Bella Barnett. Mrs. Ida
Friedberg and Josle, Fannie. Nana. S. and
B. P. Abrahamson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 23 years and 5 months.
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1022 Hyde street, thence to Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
AH TOY— In the City and County Hospital,
March 28, IS9B. Ah Toy, a native of China,
aged 36 years.
BIAS— In Santa Cruz, March 25, 1898. James
Bias, a native of England, aged 86 years.
CORKERY— In this city, March 27, IS9S, Annie,
beloved wife of Patrick Corkery, and mother
of Mary, John, Margaret, Lizzie, Dennis
and Kitty Corkery, a native of Newcastle-
west, County Limerick, Ireland, aged 47
years and 4 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1439 Harrison street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, Tenth street, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repoee of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
COLLINS — An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated in St. Francis Church, at
Vallejo street and Montgomery avenue,
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, for the
repose of the soul of the late Edward Col-
lins, beloved husband of Mrs. B. Collins.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
Invited to attend.
CAMARENA— In this city, March 27, 1898, Sal-
vador F., beloved husband of Bryida M. de
Camarena. a native of Guadalupe, Jalisco,
Mexico, aged 39 years and 8 months.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, March 28, IS9B,
John Cunningham, a native of Ireland, aged
3S years.
(C?" Remains at the parlors of McAvoy &
Gallagher. 20 Fifth street.
CRONAN— In this city. March 27, 1898. Irene
Maria, beloved and only daughter of John J.
and Lizzie Cronan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 7 months and 18 days.
E3"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 317 Jessie street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
DOHERTY— In this city, March 2S. IS?S. Mnry,
dearly beloved daughter of Ann and the late
Roger Doherty, and sister of Willie and
Thomas Doherty, Mrs. E. L. Coxe, Mrs. E.
Davidson and Mrs. L. Levenberg, a native
of San Francisco, aged 31 years.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother. 45 Harriet street, thence
to St. Patrick's Church for services, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
ELLMAKER— In this city, March 28. 1898.
Maria Ellmaker, a native of Pennsylvania,
acred 76 years.
FITZPATRICK— An anniversary requiem mass
for the repose of the soul of Rev. Timothy
Fitzpatrick will be said this day (Tues-
day), at 10 o'clock at All Hallows Church.
Sixteenth avenue and N street, South San
Francisco.
FIELDS— In this city, March 28, 189 S. Wil-
liam, husband of Eliza Fields, a native of
Rochester, N. V., aged G4 years.
1C?" Friends and acquaintances and members
of Manzanila Tribe No. 4. Imp. O. R. M..
and Ironmolders' Union are respectfully in-
vitod to attend the funeral to-morrow
( Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 217 Fair Oaks street. Interment pri-
vate.
GALLAGHER— In this city, March 28, IS9B.
Cella A. Galagher. beloved niece of James
Cox and the late Anna C. Joice. and cousi*
of Mrs. G. F. Randolph and Mrs. Margaret
Flynn. a native of New York City.
(CSTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 366 Linden avenue, thence to Sa-
cred Heart Church, Felt street, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE NO. 2— Dear
Sisters: You will please attend the funeral
services of our deceased sister. Cella A.
Gallagher, from Sacred Heart Church. Fell
and Fillmore street, to-morrow (Wednesday),
at 3 o'clock. Fraternally,
L. MANLY. President.
JOSEPHINE T. MOLLOY. Sec.
HALL— In this city. March 27. IS9B, James D.,
beloved son of the late William H. and La-
vinia Bailey Hall, and brother of Maria,
Frank, Bailey and Isabel Hall. Mrs. H. A.
MaiTyatt and M?*, J. B. Oberle, a native
of San Francisco, aged 36 years 5 months and
24 days.
fCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente, Marinl & Co. 1524 Stockton
street, thence to Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HARKINS— An anniversary solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, at St. Peter's Church.
Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets, for the
repose of the soul of the late Mrs. Eliza
J. Harkins. Friends are respectfully in-
vited to attend
HILL— In Stockton. Cal.. Cella. beloved wife
of John T. Hill, and eldest daughter of Mar-
garet and the late Joseph Flynn, a native
of New York, aged 22 years 10 months and
2 days.
JOHNSON— In the City and County Hospital,
March 2s, IS9S. Anton Johnson, a native of
Sweden, aged 25 years.
KEENAN— In this city. March 28. IS9S. Ed-
ward F. Keenan. a native of San Francisco,
aged 2i> years and 7 months.
KELLY— In thi3 city, March 2S, 1898. Mary
Kelly, beloved sister of John Kelly and Mrs.
Jane Healey. a native of Burr, Kings County,
Ireland. aged G3 years.
C^Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her brother, 24 Alvarado street, oft
Guerrero, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third, thence to St. James Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KLAIN— In this city, March 27. IS9S, Caro-
line Klain, beloved mother of Rose Netter
and Julius J. Klain of Philadelphia, Pa., and
sister of Mrs. A. Netter and Mrs. B. Klaber,
a native of Baden-Baden, Germany.
CtyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 921 McAllister street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery.
KEENAN— In the Cttv and County Hospital.
March 2S. 189 S. Ellen Keenan, a native of
Ireland, aged 41 years.
KUNST— In this city, March 27, 1898, Lilll*
E.. dearly beloved daughter of August and
Elizabeth Knnst, and sister of Marie Kunst,
a native of San Francisco, aged 12 years and
1 month.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, southeast corner or Nine-
teenth and Diamond streets. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
LAYER— In Alameda. March 27. WS. Augustus
Layer. a native of England, aged G3 years I
months and 7 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite! to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock. from Masonlo
Hall, Alameda. Interment private. Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland.
LEHMANN— In this city. March B, l^S. Loui«
Lehmann, a native of Germany.
CNotice of funeral hereafter.
MERCHANT— In this city, March 2S. 1898.
.James F. , beloved son of A. J. and Mary
E. Merchant, a native of Livermore, Cal.,
aged 3 years 6 months and 1H days.
McPHEKRON— In Redlands, March 23. IS9S,
Maria Gaston McPherron, a nai.ve of Ohio,
aged TiO years.
MURPHY— In this city, March 2C. 1S?8. John
M.| eldest and dearly beloved son of John
F. and Maria Murphy, and beloved brother
of Mrs. J. F. Drennen and Charles F.. Emily
F., Robert J., Walter J., Genevieve 8.. Lily
V.. Henry P., Edna V., Irene A. and the
late Michael G.. Marcaret M. and Ida M.
Murphy, a native of San Francisco, aged
2S years 3 months and 4 days. An affection-
ate son and loving brother at rest.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 701 Devisadero street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repos*
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— In San' Jose. March 27. 1898. Jo-
hanna, beloved wife of the late Richard
Murphy, a native of Ireland, aged 56 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the narrow-
gauge depot, Oakland. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
MI'RPHY- In this city, March 28. JS9S. John
M., beloved husband of Mac Murphy, and
beloved son of John and Maria Murphy, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2S years 3 months
and 4 days.
PERKINS— In MamPda. Marrh 27, IS9S, Frank-
lin L. Perkins, aged 69 years 11 months and
20 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at Z o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, Alameda. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland.
ROSS— In Los Berros. March IS, IS9B. Rev.
lrwin L. Ross, a native of New York, aged
72 years 10 months and 13 days.
SCHEIBE— In this city. March 26. UN, Bern-
hardt Scheibe, a native of Langensalza, Nte-
derhain, Saxony. Germany, aged 45 years
and 6 months.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
SMITH— In this city, March (S, IMS, Benja-
min, dearly beloved husband of Addie E.
Smith, a native of London. England, aged
40 years. (London and English papers please
copy.)
C7"The funeral will tako place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at '10 o'clock, from his late
residence. 207 Ftllmore street, between Wal-
ler and Halght. thence to I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery for cremation.
STUMPF— In this city, March 2S. ISSS. Charles
Alaez, beloved husband of Marie G. Stumpf.
a native of Hungury, aged 07 yeai3 10 months
and 28 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the iuneral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 3ft.i Montgomery avenue.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STRIFF— In the City and County Hospital.
March 27. 1898. Mary Madeline Striff, a na-
tive of Kentucky, aged 37 years.
SLAVICH— In this city, March 28. IS9S. Vlnka,
beloved daughter of I. John and Katie Sla-
vich, a native of San Francisco, aeed 11
days.
(C?" The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 359 Fourth street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SOULE— In this city, March 26. IS9S, Lydla P.,
wife of the late Philander Soule. and mother
of Samuel P. and Abbie L. Soule of San
Francisco and Charles P. Soule of Eureka.
Cal., a native of Maine, aged S7 years and 15
days.
E7" Friends are invited to attend the
funeral services this day (Tuesday), at 10
o'clock, at her late residence, 323 First street.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
TEDTMEIER— In the City and County Hos-
pital, March 28. IS9S, Frederick Tedtmeier,
a native of Germany, aged 50 years.
VETTER- In this city, March 28. 1898. Loui«.
dearly beloved son of August and Mary Vet-
ter, and beloved brother of Clara, Sophia.
Aggie. August. Josle, Alexander. Hyazinth.
Otella and Rosie Vetter. Mrs. J. C. Abellnsr
and Mrs. J. H. Aldeleiir, a native of San
Francisco, aged 18 years 5 months and 1 day.
It^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 10 McLea court, off
Ninth street. between Harrison and
Bryant, thence to. St. Boniface Church.
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones street, wiiere
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the reoose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WILSON— In Redlands, March 21, 1898, Mrs.
N. J. Wilson, aged 32 years.
WEIGLE— In this city, March 2S, 1898. Annie
M., beloved wife of the late Jacob Weigle,
and mother of Mrs. Charles J. Bender. Mrs.
William Pohler and the late John and Frank
Grimm, a native of Lartzwhlle, Mainz. Ger-
many, aged SO years 6 months and 14 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter. Mrs. ..lliiam Pohler,
60S Ninth street, near Bryant, thence to St.
Boniface Church, Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Loavenworth streets, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 8 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Only last week in the graveyard green and
fair.
Covered with leaves and flowers, somebody's
mother now lies there.
The angels have come, with pinions bright
And wafted her spirit to Oh- land of light.
We broke the green sward to make her last
home.
No more on earth will that fond mother roam.
We'll Dlant (lowers, while to God our hearts
will be given,
And we will meet thee, mother, in that beau-
tiful heaven.
WIN DECKER— In this city. March 27, 1898.
Casper, beloved husband of Mathilde Win-
decker, a native of Malbach, Hessen-Darm-
stadt, Germany, aged 09 years 5 months and
7 days.
f£7"Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the un-
dertaking parlors of Charles J. B. Metzler,
636 Washington street, thence to Druids'
Hall, 413 Sutter street, where the services
will be held, under the auspices of Sud-
deutscher Verein. commencing at 2 o'clock;
sharp. Officers and members of Eureka
Lod*e No. 6. O. d. H. S., are cordially in-
vited to attend. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
w6RDELL— In Oakland. March 27, 1898.
Abram Wordell, beloved father of Mrs. Dr.
Stark, a native of Fall River. Mass., aged 77
years. (Fall River. Mass., papers please
copy).
(r^r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1410 Eighth street, Oakland.
CARD OF THANKS— The widow and brother
of the late Lieutenant of Police William F.
Burke take this method of publicly acknowl-
edging our obligations and tendering our sin-
cere thanks to the many kind friends, the
press and the Police Department for the
sympathy and kindness extended to us in the
sad hour of our bereavement.
DELIA BURKE.
PATRICK A. BURKE.
San Francisco. March 26. IS9B.
I McAVOY & GALLAGHER. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Sahaol. .
Telephone, South 80. |
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CARBW.
CAREVV & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER&
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market «t-. Sam
Francisco. Telephone So. lit.
910
NEXT TO
THE LOWEST
BIDDER
A Rank Deal in the
Repair of Third
Street.
Facts and Figures Show
That the City Is Being
Plundered.
New Work Throughout Can
Be Done for Less Than Cost
of Repairing.
THE BIDS WERE JUGGLED
How the Schema "Was Planned by
the Contraotors and the Street
Committee.
The universal desire of the people of
San Francisco for smooth and sub
stantial pavements to replace the old
blocks and worn-out macadam causes
general approval of new street work.
Tax-payers are inclined to accept any
thing new as 1 -tter than the old, and
have not been very particular in mak-
ing inquiries to ascertain facts concern-
Ing cost of new work or compliance
with specifications.
The disclosures recently made In The
Call show that the Supervisors and the
Street Department are letting out im
portant Jobs without regard to the pro
visions of the law on the subject. The
Superintendent of Streets takes it upon
himself, at the suggestion perhaps of
gome one of th<_ board, to enter into a
private arrangement for important
work in front of city property. The
favored contractor goes to the property
owners against whom one-half of the
cost of the improvement should be as
sessed and says: # ;Sign for this im
provement and we will make the price
low to you. What we lose on your half
we will make up in assessment against
the city's half." Objection being out of
the way the Street Superintendent and
favored contractor proceed to make a
private arrangement. When the law
is invoked against payment for work
so conducted and engineered the Super
visors step in and authorize the im
provement by regular resolution of in
tention, but this regular authority is
not given until the work has been per
formed. The proposed public competi
tion is therefore a sham. The favored
contractor who has already done the
work puts in a public bid at the private
figures and the other contractors who
have been posted stay off. This viola
tion uf the law is known to the Mayor
and Auditor, but they do not seem to
have the power to prevent the payment
for work contracted or bargained for in
this loose and unlawful manner.
On other contracts let in an appar
ently regular manner the city frequent
ly gets the rough end of the deal. A
recent job on Third street, between
Mission and Howard, is a case in point.
The accepted bituminous pavement of
this block needed repairs. It was pro
posed, therefore, that the bitumen
should be removed and the concrete
foundation repaired. The Board of Su
pervisors proceeded in the regular fash
lon, as the law requires, to invite
bids. There were five bidders, to wit:
city Street Improvement Company,
Flinn & Treacy, Union Paving and Con
tracting Company, San Francisco Pav
ing Company and J. J. Dowling.
The lowest bid. $950, was that of J. J.
PoMling. He also agreed to pay $75
/or «fee old bitumen. The next lowest
bid was that of Flinn & Treacy, $2100
id $1 for the old material. The Board
vi Supervisors on the recommendation
cf the Street Committee rejected all
th« bids. Dowling told the Supervis
ors that he was mistaken on the prop
osition and hence put in a bid lower
than he Intended. Whatever the in-
Blde arrangement was, the fact stands
that the Street Committee rescinded the
resolution rejecting all the bids and
adopted a resolution rejecting Dow
ling's bid and then recommended the
award of contract to Flinn & Treacy
for $2100. Dowling was perfectly will
ing to have his bid rejected.
Now, as a matter of fact, Dowling's
bid of $950 and $76 for the old material
was a pretty fair estimate of the work
required. The repairs to the concrete
■will not cost over $50, which would
leave him 7 cents a square foot for re
placing the bitumen. Counting one in
tersection and deducting the street rail
road company's space there remains
to be repaved 15,760 square feet. Flinn
& Treacy's bid is at the rate of 15 cents !
a square foot, counting on the old ma
terial to be worth $2 a ton or $300 for
the bulk.
The Call Is prepared to chow that
new work, including the whole of the I
concrete bed, can be done at a profit j
for 15 cents a square foot. The Call has
expert figures to show that the Super
visors proposed to allow for the
work $1200 more than it Is
worth according to the ruling
figures for laying down concrete and
bituminous pavement. The Superin
tendent of Streets and the expert of
the Street Committee must have known
that the bid of Flinn & Treacy was ex
cessive and that Dowling's original bid
was about the ri°ht figure.
The Call is convinced that there is a
Bteal somewhere in this particular job.
The conclusion is borne out by actual
measurements of the street and a most !
careful examination of the existing con- !
crete bed. The concrete is in excellent
form and needs but very little repair-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Most Torturing, Disfiguring,
Humiliating
Of itching, burning, bleeding, scaly skin
and scalp humors is instantly relieved
by a warm bath with Cuticuba Soap,
a single application of Ccticura (oint-
ment), the great skin cure, and a full dose
of Ccticcra Resolvent, greatest of blood
purifiers and humor cures.
Remedies speedily, permanently, and
economically cure, when all else fails. ■
Pottir Pr.co an Chim. O«r. Scle Propi.. Bottom.
ft 3» -How u> Cure E*ery Skin and Blood Humor," free.
BIUDI V ETAPCC Purified «nd Be«ntlfled *y '
PIMPLY rAUtO ccticuiu boat. -.'■
Ing, and the new coat of bitumen can
be properly put on for 7 cents a square
foot.
It is suspected that other bidders had
knowledge in advance that Dowling
would bid low, so as to stand off any
one outside of the combine who might
try to get in. When the bids were
opened it was found that Dowling was
the only low bidder, hence the simple
task of disposing of Dowling wa^ all
that remained to be done in order to
give the work to the combine at an ex
orbitant figure. The Supervisors were
consulted at this stage of the proceed
ings, so that new bids could not be
called for to ,>set the calculations.
ACCUSED OF LYING.
Serious Charge Made Against Law
yer Alexander Campbell Jr. by
Curveson's Bondsmen.
A. W. Robinson and W. A. Dawes,
bondsmen for James Curveson to the
amount of $2500, filed their answer yes
terday to the suit brought against them
in the United States District Court by the
United States Attorney on behalf of the
Government to recover upon the bonds.
Curveson was indicted by the United
States Grand Jury for passing counter
feit money in Humboldt County and has
disappeared, leaving his bondsmen in that
unpleasant condition known as the
lurch."
The answer, drawn up by Attorney A.
P. Sweeney, makes grave charges against
Alexander Campbell Jr., attorney for
Curveson.
Mr. Campbell is accused In the answer
of having told of that which is not and
which never was, and gravely charges
in effect that he induced the bondsmen by
false representations to go on Curveson 9
bonds. . .
The following !s the language of the ac
cusing part of the answer: Said defend
ants aver that they did execute a bond
similar to the one set out in said com
plaint, and that prior to, and at the time
of the execution thereof they were in
formed by one A. Campbell, attorney for
said James Curveson, that said James
Curveson was a resident of Humboldt,
Cal and a man of large means who
would hold himself in perfect readiness
to comply with the orders of this court.
That whereas, in truth and in fact, said
James Curveson is not a man of large or
any means, and has no property of any
SUGGESTION FOR AN ART=GLASS WINDOW IN TBE GRAND (K)NAVE OF THE FERRY DEPOT.
kind or character in Humboldt County or
elsewhere in this State. That but for
the statement that said James Curveson
was a man of large means and would
hold himself in readiness to comply with
the orders of this court said defendants
would not have signed or executed said
bond in behalf of said James Curveson.
Then comes the most serious part of
the accusation of dishonesty against At
torney Campbell. It is as follows:
That said A. Campbell, attorney for
said James Curveson, well knew .said
statements were false and untrue at the
time he made the same, and made them
for the sole and only purpose of enticing
said defenndants to sign said bond. That
said defendants believed said statements,
and relying upon the same signed said
bond, otherwise they would not have
done so.
Deputy United States Attorney Schles
inger moved u> strike out that portion of
the answer quoted in the foregoing, on
the ground that even were the allegations
true it would not constitute any part of a
defense. The motion will be acted upon
next Monday by Judge de Haven.
BUSINESS MEN KEEP LENT.
Services Are Held Daily in the
Rooms of the Chamber of
Commerce.
A series of Lenten exercises was inaug
urated under the direction of the Brother
hood of St. Andrew in the rooms of tf .•
Chamber of Commerce yesterday ami
will be continued until next Sunday morn
ing. They are being devoted entirely to
the instruction of business men, and are
held daily between the hours of 12 and
12:30 o'clock, being called "thirty-minute
Lenten services for business men." The
noon hour was selected so as to give all
an opportunity of attending the exercises
without interference to business affairs.
h The hymn "Jesus Call Us." which opens
the service, and an address constitute the
religious programme. "A Man's Respon
sibility in Business Life" was the text of
the sermon yesterday, and was delivered
by Bishop Leonard of the diocese u'i
Utah, Nevada and Western Colorado.
"During the time of Lent," he claimed,
we should practice a spirit of self-denial
and should attempt to bring our souls
nearer to God b- attempting to learn
more about his doctrines and by keeping
the commandments."
The large attendance that characterized
the services last year was not diminished
yesterday, and, if anything, was aug
mented, as there were few seats to be had
anfl less standing room to be secured.
The title of the address to be delivered
to-day by the Rev. E. J. Lion is "A Man's
Responsibility in Domestic Life."
An Opium Victim's Death.
A. C. Morpan, a man about 40 years old,
was found by Policeman Gaynor shortly
before 3 o'clock yesterday morning in an
unconscious condition, and was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where he died
shortly afterward. The deceased had evi
dently been a victim of the morphine
habit and death resulted from natvra. 1
causes. The body is at the Morgue.
THE SA^T FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, 31 ARCH 29, 1898.
WORK THAT
WILL STAND
CRITICISM
Expert's Report on
the Ferry Depot
Foundation.
A Condition Not Due to
the Acts of Commis
sioner Coinon.
Engineer Holmes Credited With
This Apparent Exception to
the List of Frauds.
PILING HAS NOT SETTLED.
...
Result of a Thorough Examination
Made at the Request of
The Call.
From time to time during the past
month The Call has received sugges
tions from more or less responsible per
sons concerning alleged frauds and de-
fects In connection with the construc
tion of the new union depot and ferry
house at the foot of Market street. Be
lieving that the people of the city and
State were entitled to a full knowledge
of the facts as they exist, these sugges
tions were taken up in their proper
order and placed in the hands of com
petent experts who were instructed to
inquire into the matter and report their
findings without prejudice.
With the substance of the reports so
far made the readers of this paper are
already familiar. They show, in brief,
that the construction of the building
from cap to corner stone has been
marked by the grossest frauds and that
the State has, by and with the consent
of the members of the Board of Har
bor Commissioners and their supervis
ing architect, Edward R. Swain, been
robbed of sums aggregating more than
$100,000. They show, moreover, that
while the immense appropriation has
already been exhausted the building is
still far from being completed and that,
as it stands, it is, inside and out, a
mass of inferior materials thrown to
gether in a crude and slipshod manner.
These things have been set forth in de
tail in these columns and will, no doubt,
be taken up at the proper moment by
the gentlemen who compose the pres
ent Grand Jury and whose duty it is to
inquire into the acts of public officials
whose greed of personal gain is greater
than their desire to serve the public.
In the midst of this mass of fraud
and official corruption it is a pleasure
to learn that there appears to be at
least one item of construction for which
the State's coffers have been emptied
which has not been made the subject
of the greed that has made the partly
finished structure a sham and a pre
tense. This is the foundation upon
which the building rests. Recently it
was asserted that the foundation had
been poorly constructed and that it had
sunk several inches on the bay side.
To ascertain the truth or falsity of this
assertion The Call secured the services
of a competent civil engineer and in
structed him to proceed with whatever
measures were necessary to determine
the facts of the matter. As has already
been intimated his report shows that
the assertions concerning the alleged
instability of the foundation are without
truth. The report is presented here
with in the same spirit of fairness that
has marked eve/y step in the work of
Investigating the condition of the build
in*.
That the foundation appears to be
sufficiently stable to pass a critical ex
amination is a matter for congratula
tion. If any credit is due it should ba
given to Chief Engineer Holmes, un.
der whose personal supervision and di
rection the work was done. It may
also be stated in passing that Commis
sioner Colnori opposed Mr. Holmes la
every possible way except by actually
vetoing his orders, and it is in no man
ner to the credit of Mr. Coinon that
the finished and tested work has proved
to be acceptable. The report follows:
-To W. S. Leake, Manager San Francis
co Call— Dear Sir: I beg to submit here
with report on the Investigation made by
me of the foundation of the new Union
Depot and Ferry House.
All available plans and data were care
fully examined and studied. They show
the designs for the foundation to be com
prehensive and in accordance with the
best current practice. Whether they were
faithfully carried out under water and
places now closed to observation I am
unable to say.
Lines of levels were taken both longitu
dinally of the structure and transverse.
They failed to show any signs of sinking.
The masonry of the superstructure was
subjected to the most critical examina
tion, and deductions from this source
verify what was shown by the levels.
The sea wall upon which the front ar
cade of the building rests is frdm a frac
tion of an inch to an inch lower than the
outer line of the piers. This fact, per se,
is not conclusive evidence that a general
settlement has occurred.
It has been suggested that the piling of
the outer piers was not cut below mud
line. Comparing results of soundings
with plans, it Is shown that the piling is
protected with from two to six feet of
harbor mud. To any suspicion
which might be entertained as to what
faithfulness was observed In carrying out
plans and specifications a diver must be
employed to make a submarine examina
tion. Respectfully submitted,
J. H. WOLF. Engineer.
San Francisco, March 26, 1898.
BIGGY RESIGNS
AS SUPERVISOR
Prompt Action Heads Off All
Complications That May
Arise.
Also Gives Up Hia Position in th©
Democratic County Com
mittee.
William J. Blggy, recently appointed
Registrar of Voters for San Francisco
County by Governor Budd, has passed ln
two resignations to the proper authorities
since he was notiiied of his elevation to
office, in order to head off any possible
complications.
A question was raised as to whether his
claims to holding the office of Supervisor,
now pending before the Supreme Court,
would not render him ineligible to offici
ate as Registrar.
To obviate any such chance Mr. Biggy
wrote his resignation to Governor Budd
and Mayor Phelan, by both of whom he
had been appointed, and received permis
sion to withdraw from the fight for Su
pervisor.
Mr. Biggy's next move was to get him
self out of political complications. With
this end in view he handed Colonel Sulli
van, Mayor Phelan's secretary, his resig
nation as vice-chairman of the Demo
cratic County Committee, who in turn
handed it to the chairman with the un
derstanding that it should be immediately
accepted.
Mr. Biggy was Introduced to the mem
bers of the Election Commission, after
having filed his bond with the Auditor,
and took possessslon of his new office. He
stated that there would be no changes in
the office at present, though it might be
possible that some new appointments
would be made later on. There is con
siderable speculation in the City Hall re
garding who will be the next Chief Dep
uty in the office.
SET FIRE TO A RESTAURANT.
Nicholas Tendes and Constantne
John Held for Arson.
- ' The ■ preliminary ■ examination of 'Nich
olas Tendes and Constantlne John on the
charge : of arson was held " before Judge
Joachimsen yesterda. They were r jointly
accused of setting fire to the restaurant,
121 . Fifth street, . early last .Wednesday
morning.. .... ,-.. r .\. i' ■
The evidence , was practically the same
as. published in The Call last Friday, and
the Judge held the defendants :to answer
. before 1 ;- the Superior Court *in ' $5000 bonds
each.;./,.;.- ;. . _ • . : - . ,
REGAN STIRRED
MATTERS UP
Ex-Jockey Claimed Her
moso and Hohenzol
lern Out of Races.
Walter Jennlng's Sombre Again
Turns Up a Stake
Winner.
Ostler Jo« Won In a Gallop — Tod
Sloan First on Thro©
Choices.
Sim Regan, the owner of Lone Princess
and two or three other equally poor bread
winners, formerly a jockey of some note.
Is picking up a stable prior to crossing
the hills. He got himself a couple of very
fair ones through the claiming clause yes
terday In Hermoso and Hohenzollern, and
unless his bank roll gives out he Is likely
to claim the earth. In the second event
Regan started Lone Princess, and her
showing of speed fully Justifled the high
price of hay. The high turn of speed ex
hibited by Hermoso caught Mr. Regan's
fancy, so ho filed a claim for the fast Sir
Modred colt, entered to be sold for $SOO.
J. A. Grey felt sorry to lose him, but with
first money, $275 added, it looks a good
price.
In the mile and a sixteenth selling affair
Regan sent Outgo, a 300 to 1 chance, to
the barrier. Elmwood stock farm had
Hohenzollern, which ran fourth, in for
$600, and the claiming clause sent the
Brutus colt over to Regan's barn. The
latter is a very useful horse, and no doubt
will hit the wire first on several occasions
in the future.
These two happenings were about the
only incidents varying from the usual mo
notonous routine. Outsiders grabbed the
first three purses, and then three favor
ites cakewalked in, making a stand-off.
Sombre, the daughter of Midlothian and
Miss Woodford, is considered undersized,
but she has a fascinating way of captur
ing stakes that is catching the fancy of
the talent. The books laid 5 to 1 against
her annexing the Olympic stake for two
year-olds, at four and a half furlongs,
but she packed Lonnie Clayton and US
pounds and won rather easily from Sev
ens in :54%, after getting away from the
post seventh. Frank Ireland and Milt
Young, the Corrigan duo, had first call In
the ring, and the former just did manage
to get the small end In a drive.
"Skeets" Martin found no difficulty in
taking the first race with La Mascota, the
second choice, beating the favorite,
Lucky Star, to the wire by a head.
Walter Jennings thought his mare Miss
Lynah more than good enough to beat
her company in the second event, at six
furlongs, but she was stood on her head
early in the game and failed to show, af
ter closing a 3 to 2 favorite. Valencienne.
at odds of 20 to 1. whistled through the
stretch, winning eased up in 1:13%. Good
Friend, another despised one, was second.
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-Ingrleslde Track-126th day of the
Winter Meeting. Monday. March 28. 1898. Weather fine-
Track fast.
Q(\"7 FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
729 La Mascota, 6 :
779 Lucky Star, 4
791 McFarlane, 6 :
773 Sennits, 6 :
773 Florimel, 4 ]
796 Stentor. 4 :
763 Alvtn E. 4
788 Durward, 4 1
788 Rockefeller, 4
$02 Mount Roy, a
2
7
1
8
c
4
5
3
9
•
11 12
42 4 H
6h 5 4
2h 3 1
7h 6 3
3h I h
61 8 3
9 7 2
8 14 9
1 3
2 2
6 1
4 1
6 3
3 %
7 2
8 8
9
lib
2,3 '
■ r\
4 H '
5 2 .
6 H
7 2
8 10
9
[. Martin....
[cDonald ...
[cNlchols ...
tevens
. Narvaez...
'.. Brown
lawaon
ray
Iclntyre ....
6-2
6-2
6
10
15
8
4
15
20
8
3
6-2
6
12
30
13
5
30
100
8
. Wilson....
Time. 1:02. Winner, John McGovern's b. m. by Imp. San Simeon-Maria F. Good start.
Won first three driving. .
808. BECOND
;; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
789 Valencienne, 3
764 Good Friend, 3 :
(773) Queen Nubia, 4
789 Blarney Stone, 3....
789 Hermoso, 3
789 Abina, 3
798 Miss Ross. 6
781 Miss Lynah. 5
783 Amelia Fonso, 6 :
802 Lone Princess, 4 :
798 Olive. 6
5
6
4
3 !
8
2
7
10
9
11
3 M.
4 h
6 1
1 1
2 2
6 h
8 h
10 6
9 h
11
3 y»
4 IV4
6 h
1 214
2 1
7 3
8 1
6 1
10 h
9 3
11
2Mi '• 18
61 2 2
6 2 • 3 ns
in 4 h ,
324 : 5 h
7 1;- 62
8 1-72-
414 ■ ■ 8 2■.
91 9 3
10 10 10 5
11 11
O'Connor
H. Brown
T. Sloan
J. Woods
Mclntyre
JGray
10 12
6 10
4 4
12 40
6 10
12 15
20 60
6-5 8-2
10 15
20 40
12 20
Wilson
H. Martin....
Clawson
Stevens
McDonald ...
Time, 1:13%. Winner, E. F. Fredrickson's eh. f. by St.
start. Won galloping.
t. Good
809.
THIRD RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
Stakes; value, $1000.
handicap ;
two-year-olds;
Olympic
(790) Sombre U
790 Sevens 1'
801 Frank Ireland 1
772 r.onibel 1*
790 Olinthus i:
755 Obsidian 1
772 Buena Ventura h
790 Milt Young 1
591 Owyhee 1.
7
8
5
1
9
2
3
4
8
4 1
3 1
7 Mi
1 %
8 10
6 %
2 14
6 14
9
2 1
1 14
5 1
3 2
8 4
7 2
6 1
4 H
9
1 3
2 114
3%
♦ H
5 Ms
6 2
7 4
8 6
9
H.
.j'ton
Martin....
nnessy ....
iwson
elds
4
15
2
8-6
4
;-.■; -.■ • ' ■
20
*«
40
5
12
9-5
3
5
•
8
•*
30
orpe
nley
Sloan
lmes
• CouDled with Bonlbel. •• Coupled with Frank Ireland.
Time :54%. Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s blk. f. by Imp. Midlothian-Miss Wood-
ford. Good start. Won easingjip.
810.
FOURTH RACE— One and a half miles;
upward; purse. $400.
737 Ostler Joe, 6 1
(750) Alvarado 11. 5 V
623 The Bachelor, 5 li
792 Argentina, 5 V
1
2
3
4
2 h
1 8
4
8 8
2 14
1 5
4
3 4
2 2
1 5
4
3 2
2 2
1 6
3 3
4
2 3
1 3
3 6
4
1 114
2 %
3 6
4
Sloan
Martin
1-2 n-20
4 4
8 12
8 6
nnessy
Lwson
Time 2:36Vi. Winner, W. D. Randall's blk. h. by Fresno-Sister to Jim Douglas. Fair
start, easily.
811.
FIFTH RACE — One a.nd a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
purse, $400.
(805) Satyr, 4
756 Marplot, 8
787 Ootobed, 3
805 Hohenzollern. 4 '
780 Ballister. 3
796 Outgo, 6 '
794 Duke of York 11. 3.
798 Cromwell, 6 :
7
4
2
5 I
3
8
6
1
8
3
6
4
1
7
6
2
1 1
: 1
3
14
2
16
1
2
14
14
2
4 h
2 h
8 n \
1 H
6 25
6
«
a 2
2 1
M
5 30
6
1 1
2 5
8 20
4 15
6 50
6
. Sloan
. Martin....
lawson
13-10 6-5
3 6
3 3
4 6
30 80
100 800
30 75
20 30
ennessy ....
Connor
3
h
'allace
cXlchols ...
. Wilson....
T?me, IMB! lle wuiner, E. Corrigan's b. c. by Lew Weir-Seclusion,
first three driving.
Poor start.
Won
812.
SIXTH RACE— One mile;
767) Linstock
793 San Venado.
793) Woodford Fi
757 Melvln Burn
Linstock •
San Venado ..'
Woodford Fi11y.....:
Melvln Burnham...
113 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 Ht 1 214 T. Sloan 1-2 9-20
113 1 3 114 2 114 3 3 3 6 2 2 Thorpe 4 5
illy" 104 4 13 13 1114 1114 330 H. Martin.... 3 4
iham...109 3 4 4 4 4 4 IConley 30 40
2
1
4
3
2 2
3 114
1 3
4
2 2
2 114
1 3
4
2 2
3 3
i m
4
2 M.
3 6
i m
4
1 214
2 2
3 30
4
Sloan
>rpe
Martin....
jley
Time, 1:41%.
Won easily.
Winner, W. E. Applegate Jr.'s b. g. by Logic-Blue Stocking. Good start.
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
liiiiliiiiS
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM— NO. 7,
Consultation— FßEE.
v \.<in (iTlfhf* fl y 'f' FREE! To demonstrate our poip 0 i i 0 ..
\t^Vi* Ul / mS Dm/: Methods we will devote One Hour each -day
N. AW A/ 'jr*lfa»- to FREE EXTRACTIONS— 10 to 11 AM The
N^^\j^_/^yK *//S % l \» l ° "V l^ ahead ln Advanced bentul
\lkM^(bnL 5^ Science. No student employed. „
F, Fo LV^F 30 Tteor lcM wiii $4^ UD
> Z_fl?/ t mr^ « — GOLD CROWNS. 22k ...:.„.♦ "-—••••••« BO up
■-^~~JM'-WjMyl%&Ll'i " BRIDGE WORK, per* tooth. * ">« In HH
c * . M....A SILVER FILLING .....T.. •••"•" ,|° " p
■■•''■■''/£&(%%&&!$& ,^j> CLEA^ I^ G TEETH ......50c up
™*/W J%^ Y9^ A Physician Always ill Attendance.
./ "'vF&' \ I Extracted SKILLED OPERATORS.
TFFTHIIIk II c'r LL o L wSed lady attendant.
ILLIIIvfJ -t fc/ Brldzewoi* PHONE DAVIS 654.
WITHOUT PAIN. IDl^. T. E. STROM*—
Office Hours-9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; " Sundays 9t02 p. in. r**-»«r **-»« vv * .'
Tod Sloan now took a hand. He rode
Ostler Joe. the 11 to 20 favorite. In the
mile and a half, and waiting on AJvarado
II to the stretch, won galloping In 2:2Z\i.
The Bachelor downed Argentina, the only
other starter, for the show.
The mile and a sixteenth was replete
with incidents. At the first turn Gotobed
was nearly thrown. Turning into the back
stretch Cromwell was pulled up bleeding.
As the bend for the wire was reached
Duke of York fell, giving McNichols a
nasty fall. Hennessy on Hohenzollern
was twisted about by a bump, and then
after being nearly left at the post. Sloan
got up with the favorite Satyr, winning
in a drive from Marplot.
In the last event, Linstock outclassed
his field, winning easily from San Venado
and covering the mile in 1:41%.
TRACK ITEMS.
Ed Tiptoe manager of the Montana circuit,
was s> visitor at the track yesterday. Mr. Tip
ton was kept busy telling of the tempting In
ducements his State held out to horsemen.
The g-ame appears to hold out better than
ever this season. Twenty bookmakers cut In
yesterday. Joe Roee was aguln on the block,
but took time to play Valenclenne on the out
side, beating the race to the extent of $2000.
It looks very much as though Cromwell will
have to be shelved. He bled In a race run last
Friday, and was again pulled up yesterday.
Lucky Star was plainly best In the first race,
but McDonald Is a very weak finisher at times,
and allowed "Skeets" Martin on La Mascota
to smother him.
There was a good Intelligent play on Mount
Roy to win the opening scramble, tha down
town barber shops even having the tip. Ous
Wilson, though, was more than the old gelding
could stand for, and he stood at the post await
ing the result by telephone. If Wilson would
only ride up to his work he would be quite a
rider.
The owners of Valenclenne ought to send a
painting on to the Paris salon, for their Im
maculate gall would entitle them to al
most any old sort of a thing. Throw the filly's
last two races out and she looked to have a
royal chance. What her aliments were in those
two events was not given out from the stand.
Yet there were "suckers" In plenty who backed
her yesterday.
Linstock now bobs up as a most likely can
didate for the Derby, to be decided on Saturday
next. After winning yesterday's mile run he
was worked on an additional quarter, and ac
cording to one well known trainer's watch
covered the distance in 2:OS flat.
Bowling Is quite a prominent pastime to turf
habitues, and on Saturday night, April 7, there
will be a big match game bowled at a down
town resort between the Ingleside and Echo
Clubs. The members of the former comprise
the following well known horsemen: George
Rose, W. Vreeland, W. Henderson, Horace Eg
bart. Jtm Norvell and Marc Davis. The en
semble of the Echoes is a strong one, and they
agree to put the track folks out of business.
They are: Messrs. Lux, Blondln, Harris,
Belan, Hllbert and Ehrenpfort. "Strike" Nor
vell is considered a "phenom," and Is one of
the mainstays of the Inglesldes.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race — One-half mile; two-year-old
fillies.
... Ann Page 108|(776)La Parasseuse..lll
(795)Toluca 11l 610 Amoltopeo 11l I
795 Practice lOSI 776 Winifred 105
760 Ocorona 105^ 790 Humidity 11l
Second Race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-old colts and geldings.
rritloot Pa 55 ...109 796 Gold Scratch ...112
Ml San Laredo 112 776 Zacatosa 10S
(742>Leo Vertner 109 801 Prince Will 10S
Third Race — One and a quarter miles; sell
ing.
781 Twinkle Twink.loo' 798 Benamela 109
774 Little Cripple... lo6 1 774 Don Clarenclo...los
798 Fort Augustus. .105 ; (SlliSatyr 11l
79S Mamie 0 104! (79<n Lodestar 105
(791)TuIare 10X. 791 Claudius 112
792 Song and DancelO6!
Fourth Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; allow
ances.
767 Fleur de L15....110i 800 Paul Griggs ....110
(685) Geyser 115 ... Salisbury II 113
SO2 Rubicon 1131
Fifth Race— One mile; allowances,
4MTwlSler ..... S7 777 The Plutocrat.. .lo3
774 pTufprv ;:::.:* 793 Rosormonde..... 89
A Scintillate '". 82 807 Stentor 98
70S Yule « " 6S Rafaela PS
64 Approbation V... 84 798 Zaraida ......... 10S
773 Captain Ree5....102 £4 Major Hooker... 99
794 Soscol ..-.-.: S4f 754 Mihau 83
Sixth Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; selling;
three-year-olds. . ~ i*^«»'
743 Donator 103 717 Ping 106
775 Don. Luis 103 SOS Blarney Stone.. llo
757 Watomba .......hi 753 Little Alarm.... 101
806 Prince Blazes ..103 746 Magnus I'VJ
793 Applejack 109 SO6 Bonlta 109
775 Charles Le Bel.. 103 1 SO6 Midian - — 112
66? The Dipper .....106 746 Prompto 105
789 Free Lady 93 (782) Daisy F. 101
(794) Bonnie lone ....10l!
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Humidity, Tolnca, Winifred.
Second Race— Leo Vertner, Chilcoot Pass,
Gold Scratch.
Third Race— Satjrr. Fort Austistus. Tulara.
Fourth Race — Geyser, Flour de Lls, Paul
Griggs.
Fourth Race— Rosormonde. Tule, SdnttllaU.
Sixth Race— Daisy F, Mldlan, Watomba.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®- TO —
COPPER RIVER,
SKAGUAY,
DYEA,
JUNEAU DIRECT
AVOIDING THE DANGERS OF THE INSIDE PASSAGE
THE JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE
COM F» ANY
Will dispatch on April lOtt}
from Sao Francisco the mag-
nificent newly refitted ocean
steamer MORGAN CITY 700
passengers capacity; 2500
tons freight.'
The MORGAN CITY is one of
the most beautiful steamers
afloat, lit by electricity, 20,-
000 candle-power search-
lights, elegant accommoda-*
tions, ladies' boudoirs, social
hall, stroking rooms, buffet,
porcelain bathtubs and steam
heat. The best table will be
served on the MORGAN CITY
of any steamer on tois coast.
Take a direct steamer. Avoid
transfers atSeattle. Tr;e MOR-
GAN CITY is a high-power
steamer and will make a
quick trip. Apply to the
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANY,
609 MARKET STREET.
• »i W UK i" ■■ »■■■■■ MMM
KLONDIKE
OUTFITS
Not complete without a supply of
GAIL BORDEW
EAGLE BRAND
I CONDENSED MILK ?
Hi*?best reputation for keeping qual-
ity ; nence, no experiment ; no loss.
NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
MADE ME A MAN
AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUBE
£/" "I A.XJL2f<srvoua l>Uea»e»— Falling Hem-
(£}■—£,] ory, Im potency, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
V ~T\ by Abuse or other Exoesses and India-
X ,jQKSL cretions. They quickly and aurely
\ •—? restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
>S^yßi^^ fit a man for study, business or marriage.
rS^hdßSt Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
taken in time. Their use shows Immediate improve-
ment and effects a CURE where all other fail In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajaz Tablets. They
have cured thousands and willcureyon. Weclveapoa-
itive written gnaruntee to effect a cure Cfl f*TQ la
each case or refund the money. Price W V IWi per
packago; or six pkges (full treatment) for $2.50. By
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of prico. Circular
fres - AJAX REMEDY CO., f §£"*"?!F
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpniti * Co,
BO Butter. - No-Percentage Pharmacy. 953 Mkt.
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
I OFFICB,
j 1004 Market St.,
" ; ; Sear Powell.
Telophona, Sou. tla 430.
RrafS DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
■^■^VfiM Five hundred reward for any cas«
■■■I IHn cannot cure. This secret remedy
PI ;-:■■ I Jtopa all losses In 24 hours, cures
El UUS Emissions. Impotency. \"arlcoceie.
Iflfl fPfB Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits. Strictures.
U!Lj B ijijl...st Manhood and all wasting ef-
f*m fectsof self-abase or excesses, &ens
ta? l^; ««^ta .sealed J2 bottle: 3 bottles. >a; guar
■ nteedtocure. Address HALL'S JfEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. CaL Also
for sale at 107? 4*,- Market St.. S. F. All pri-
! vate diseases Quickly cured. Send for free book.
DR.MGNULTYT
1 Specialist exert* Prlvate,Xervous,B!(KxJui.d bkla^
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. ° v «
20years'pxperleuce. Send for Book, free. Clients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
dally;6:3otoB.3oev ! )ts. Sundays, 10 to ; 12. O>nsalva-
tlon free and s;»credly con ndemia.'. t ail or address
i>.BOSCOE MoSrl/TT. M. I>.. _^
26* Ken, Htr**t. M— I'rantlw- •■■>
notary"public.
A. d. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
Weak , Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIA.NA BITTERS.
S^e^Mexifan Remedy: K lve 9 health *ni
streneth to the sexual organ*.
r t JTIE PHYSICAL ACCOMPLISHMENTS .
OF ANNA HELD AND "JIM" CORBETT
WERE THE THEATRICAL EVENTS.
The Charteuse's Re
ception 'vVas Kind
ly, Not Torrid.
Her Personal Charms
Were Too Obviously
Paraded for Art.
The Lipiit of Tenderloin Farce
jxposed In "A Gay
Deceiver."
STRONG ORPHEUM BILL.
Pai ldlng • Hit m the Aloazar's
■Mummy" — Temperance Drama
mi Morosco's.
MTle. Held sang her little songs last
night, danced and capered, smiled and
kissed, flirted her wee skirt, swooned
and revived her large humid eyes,
wriggled and Joked her pectoral em
bonpoint with amazing facility and
made a gratuitous little speech. In
which she linked in her love the dears
Paree and San Francisco and hoped to
be with us a long, long time. But the
town — and quite a good deal of It was
there — did not singe and flame. It was
amiable enough, and, to a slight ex
tent, helped out the Illusion of each
new song being an encore. But it did
not smoke and melt and sizzle. Mile.
Held's visit need not increase the In
surance rates on the Baldwin Theater.
The accomplishments of Mile. Held
are almost entirely physical. She has
the little roly-poly figure in Its roundest
perfection and her face Is brightly beauti
ful after the conventional French mode,
and ■would be perfect of its type, too, but
for a too emphatic nose. And of course
she Is chic — that Is part of her conven
tionality and nationality, for this Polish
blood of this Paris-bred vaudeville singer
makes no outward manifestations. But
her art 1b mediocre. By this I make no
reference to her voice, which is neither
more nor less than the jolly chirp you
would expect; but her manner of doing
the songs is too obvious— you feel
all the while the one effect she Is
striving for, and which is palpably to
m.iko herself physically, lasciviously
pleasing. Naturally she sings French
sonffa with cleverer Insinuation than the
English and American women give to
them, and her "Play wiz me" is quite an
experience for even a hardened music
hall fancier. But Mile. Held does noth
ing bo cleverly that you can forget that
her talents are all centered below the
brow.
"A Gay Deceiver," the farce by Paul
Wilstach and Joseph Grismer, which in
troduces Anna Held at the close of its
third act, is one calculated to prepare you
for the limit of riskiness. In a way it is
quite the limit itself, and so literal that
misinterpretation would be impossible.
First I would rather say that it is clever,
the construction quite good to sustain the
suspense in so slim a fabric and some of
the lines adroitly witty for all their
cheap slang. But the whole scheme is
rankly vulgar; it reeks of the tenderloin.
The story deals in a Boston man with il
licit love affairs and his wife, with the
same. He leaves home, returns suddenly
and pretends he is his own twin brother,
while a senile gentleman of sinful ambi
tion openly fondles the wife. The acting
of the farce is heavy and characterless,
with the one exception of M. A. Ken
nedy, who Is scandalously real as the
aged rake.
Mr. Fernald's "The Cat and the Cher
ub," which finished the evening at a late
hour, seems superfluous to me, after see
ing Powers' "First Born." It has a cer
tain literary quality that Powers' China
town piece lacked in places, but it is prac
tically the same play without as intense
an atmosphere and with more of the usual
melodrama in the working out of the plot.
The ending, where the victim is strangled
with his own queue and propped up in a
sitting posture so as to deceive the pass-
Ing policeman, could be made even more
dramatic than that of "The First Born,"
but It is marred by the delay in reaching
ft. Half the audience saw it over their
shoulders as they left the theater. In
point of actual time "The Cat and the
Cherub" is much shorter than "The First
Born," but it seemed hours longer last
night. The acting is something less than
we are used to In Chinatown drama.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Alcazar.
Frederick Paulding makes a pood gal
vanized mummy. There is no doubt about
that. His rendition of the title role in
"The Mummy." which is on the boards
at the Alcazar this week indicates that
he is discovered. With the assistance of
the kindergarten element of the stock
company the play was carried to a finish
without an outbreak. The audience was
tolerant of infant prodigies. Miss Gert
rude Foster and Mrs. Bates worked hard
and largely redeemed the performance.
Refused to Prosecute.
J. W. Turton, arrested early Sunday '
morning for robbing Miss Annie B. !
Kedon, 4 Hyde street, appeared in Judge
Campbell's court yesterday morning to be ;
arraigned on the charge of robbery. Miss
Kedon refused to swear to a complaint, ;
and said she would not prosecute Turton,
so Justice of the Peace Groezinger, who
occupied the bench, had to dismiss the ,
case. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 29, 1898.
The Townsman and
Not the Play Was
the Attraction.
An Ovation That Shook
the House Greeted
James J.
Old - Fashioned Melodrama,
With Reminiscences of
the Prize Ring.
FLOWERS AND CHEERS.
The Audience at the Columbia Went
Wild in Their Testimonials
of Admiration.
If "The Naval Cadet" had opened In an
Eastern city, the audience, as It filed out,
would have said it was a melodrama of
the good old-fashioned sort, with plenty
of love, heroism, blood and villainy
thrown around the conventional orphan
with a heritage who loves the hero but
who a designing villain determines shall
marry his son and thus relieve hlm^from
the pecuniary embarrassment he has been
foolish enough to get into. True, a French
adventuress with a husband In a lunatic
asylum who links her fortune with a ras-«
cally fellow countryman in his endeavor
to defraud the hero out of the fruits of
his inventive genius, coupled with a few
incidental crimes and hints of dark pasts,
together with the quick transition from a
scene of quiet domesticity on Long Island
to murder in a Parisian cellar, might
somewhat complicate matters and con
fuse the casual spectator, but still the
verdict on the whole would have been
that the play was full of life and action,
that the situations were well arranged,
the climaxes, of which there were about a
dozen, well worked up, and that James J.
Corbett was more than a fairly good ac
tor, notwithstanding the fun that has
been poked at him during his career on
the stage.
This is what an Eastern audience would
have said— not what the audience that
packed the Columbia to the doors last
night did say. They were there not to
sco the play but to welcome "Jim" to his
home, and when he came on the stage
orchestra and dress circle clapped until
Its palms tingled, while the galleries rose
up and fairly howled. It was lully ten
minutes before quiet enough was restored
to allow Corbett to go ahead with his
lines, which, notwithstanding the severe
cold with which he is suffering, he ren
dered remarkably well, fully earning
the comment of the Hayes Valley contin
gent, who were unanimous In declaring
that "Jim done fine."
Corbett is supported by a fairly good
company, among whom lr. Lillian Lam
son, a San Francisco girl, who, in the
character of Hortense Reynolds, a French
adventuress, does some clever work,
which, however, she could Improve by a
little less force and a little more accent.
Millie James, the daughter of Louis
James, who does the ingenue, is about the
cutest little thing that has happened
since Gladys Wallace was here, and won
her way into favor at once.
The third act was the one which was
most eagerly watched for, as it is then
that "Jim" spars three rounds with Mc-
Vey and every man in the house was
watching to see if he has lost any of his
old-time speed and cleverness. That he is
as agile as ever was apparent before he
had been a minute at it, and when the
wind-up came it took three ushers and a
couple of boys to haul all the flowers over
the footlights, while the audience went
wild and would not be satisfied until Cor
bett delivered a speech, in which he apolo
gized for his cold and assured his ad
mirers that the one thing in this world he
lived for was to again meet Fitzslmmons
and win back the laurels he had lost at
Carson. . ,
When seen In his dressing-room between
the acts of the performance Corbett
looked, barring a slight cold, the very
picture of health, and, as he stood strip
ped waiting to don his ring costume for
his go with big McVey, it was evident
that it would need but little training to
make him fit to battle for a kingdom. He
seems to have taken care of himself for
the past year, with the result that the
vim so noticeably lacking just before his
departure for Nevada, has returned, and
he is once again the happy-go-lucky sky
larking Jim of Olympic Club aays, full of
a nervous energy that will not allow him
to remain quiet for a minute.
"I would give my entire receipts for the,
week if I did not have this cold," he said,
as he laughingly shook hands and asked
after the boys. "I have brought out a
good company and I want every one to
see what I can do. But this hoarseness
makes it impossible for me to appear at
my best, and I am afraid I will be a dis
appointment.
"Who do I think Is the coming: man?
Jeffries, by all odds. He is young and
clever, and as strong as a bull, and in my
opinion able to give a good account of
himself with the best of them. As to Mc-
Coy, he is a good man, but I don't see on
what he bases his claims to championship
honors. He never fought a heavy-weight
in his life that I ever heard of, so I don't
see how he can consider himself in the
topnotcher class. A go between him and
Choynski would be a hot one and worth
going miles to see. I am -sorry to hear of
poor Joe's illness. He is a good fellow,
and I am going to see him. I would like
to have him as a sparring partner if I go
on the road and he would take the place.
Sharkey is a hard game, but he has the
reputation of never fighting on the square.
He is strong and can stand any amount of
punishment, and if he would only let the
referee decide one of his contests instead
of the police he would be much better off
and have much more reason to consider
himself in line for the championship in
the future.
"Well, you fellows will have to excuse
me. I must go on now, but don't leave
until you have seen my rough and tumble
with McVey in the last act; it is the hot
test thing on the stage."
The visitors stayed, saw and agreed it
was about as near the real thing as could
be put up.
Corbett's family occupied the two staee
boxes on one side, and the old peonle
must have felt proud of their son for
in spite of the fact that the diary scene
between Corbett and Miss James which
is one of his best, had to be cut owins to
Jim's cold, he acquitted himself nobly and
helped to make the entire performance
what It is, a well presented and entertain
ing play.
Orpheum.
Of the five out of the six new Orpheum
turns seen by the writer at the opening
performance four are signal successes
and the other one not at all bad in its
kind. It is of a rather poor kind, how
ever, this "Dramatic Apent" sketch pre
sented by Harry Watson and Alice
Hutchings, with the trampy assistance
of Ed Edwards, and culminates in tne
worm-eaten business of attempting to
carve a rubber fowl. But the other four
are unique and clever, and they put the
show on something like its old level of
excellence. Montgomery and Stone do
coon songs, buck and wing dances and
flash nigger repartee in a way that beats
the record here for a white team In a
colored act. The Five Arabian Whirl
winds are remarkable tumblers. Their
turn is quick, short and exciting. An odd
feature is that the heavy Arabian who
does the feats of strength is also the
llthest and most expert of the tumblers
The Glisandos clown very musically and
very entertainingly.
On the whole, the Orpheum bill this
week would seem especially calculated to
please persons who iiave not been pleased
by most of the bills of the last several
months.
Morosco's.
"Ten Nights in a Barroom" was re
vived at Morosco's last night, with Harry
Mainhall as the touching drunkard, La
Petite Lund as his daughter, and Landers
Stevens as the principal villain. The old
sermon against intemperance still finds
the sympathies of a South Side audience,
and last night the entr'acte bar business
suffered acutely through the moral of the
Play.
TiVoli.
"The Widow O'Brien" continues a pop
ular farcical attraction at the Tivoli.
Ghutes.
The Zoo and Chiquita draw thousands
dally.
SUPERVISORS
HOSTILE TO
COMPETITION
Show Their Hands in
the Electric Light
ing Contract.
Dodge's Efforts to Save
Money Is Energy Use
lessly Expended.
A Resolution Calling for Cer
tain Information Sent to
Committee.
FIGHTING TO SAVE TIME.
Smith mnO. Britt Lead the Fight to
Delay Action Until the Last
Minute.
The first move toward securing com
peting bids for lighting the streets and
public buildings was made by Super
visor Dodge at the meeting of the
board, and was promptly met by Smith
and Britt, who adopted the only course
left open to the monopoly and fought
for delay. As the Smith-Britt forces
numbered seven, they succeeded in
having the matter referred to a Joint
committee consisting of the Streets and
and Street Lights committees.
The subject was brought up in the
form of the following resolution, pre
sented by Supervisor Dodge:
WHEEEAS, The Mutual Electric
Light Company proposes to furnish
the city with electric light for streets
and public buildings at a saving to
the city of at least $40,000 per an
num under the present cost, which is
about $120,000 per annum, provided
they be now given the same facilities
that are enjoyed by the present con
tractors; and whereas, said company
will give a bond if necessary for
$100,000 to guarantee such saving,
signed by such responsible citizens
as Alvinza Hayward, D. O. Mills and
P. B. Cornwall; and whereas, three
months' time is required by said
company to erect necessary poles,
etc.,
.Resolved, That *aid company be
invited to make a specific request for
the privilege of erecting poles, desig
nating their number and location,
and that the Street Lights Committee
be instructed to invite proposals in
such language that no company shall
be excluded from competing; and
that bids bo invited forthwith for
supplying artificial light for streets
and public buildings for two years
from and after August 1, 1898.
Resolved, That the Gas Inspector
be instructed to forthwith furnish
this board with a map showing the
location of every gas and electric
street lamp for which the city pays,
designating them respectively as gas
or electric.
Dodge moved the adoption of the res
olution at once. He called attention to
the fact that the Mutual Electric Light
Company had guaranteed to save the
city at least $40,000 a year under the
present cost, and spoke of the annual
deficit which necessitated cutting off
a portion of the lights each year and
leaving some parts of the city in dark
ness for weeks. He believed that pri
vate individuals could get thf> same ser
vice that the city gets at a much less
cost.
There was a rush between Smith and
Britt to get the floor first, both hav
ing the same object in view— opposition
to the resolution in some form, they
hardly knew what, for it had been
sprung on them so suddenly there was
no opportunity to form a plan of de
fense. Smith was recognized and, un
able to pick any flaw in the terms of
the resolution, demanded that it be
referred to committee — any committee
suited him, so that it could be held
up until some plan could be formed to
defeat it.
Britt wanted it referred to the Street
Committee. He launched forth into an
incoherent statement about giving
away a franchise that would be worth
more to the company than it agreed to
save the city and that it could well
afford to make the offer it did.
Mayor Phelan called Brill's attention
to the fact that the resolution did not
give anything away, but merely in
vited the company to make a specific
request for the privilege of erecting
poles, designating their number and lo
cation. This seemed to disconcert Brltt
for a moment and he called for another
reading of the resolution, which was
done.
Dodge opposed any delay. He said
it was a matter that should be con
sidered by the full board and at once.
Here was a company that offered to
save the city thousands of dollars if
granted the same privileges at present
enjoyed by another, and without which
the city was absolutely at the mercy
of a monopoly. It would require three
months for the opposition to place itself
in readiness to carry out the provisions
of the contract and there was no time
to be lost. The resolution was plain and
he could see no necessity for referring
it to a committee.
Britt again talked in favor of send
ing the resolution to the joint commit
tee, it would be necessary, he said, to
have the interested parties appear and
explain what they wanted and the joint
committee could then make an intel
ligent report to the board. Mr. Britt,
had he really desired a personal ex
planatioii of what was wanted, could
have called upon the representatives of
the opposition comp ny who were in
attendance at the meeting fir that very
purpose, and he ignored the i.iain fea
ture of the resolution, which provided
that the company should give that very
information. What Mr. Britt wanted
was time, but whether he wanted time
in which to hear from the company
that is charging the city 11 cents per
thousand volts for light, measured on
meters that, a BO per cent fast, while
it only charges some of its private con
sumers 5% and 6 cents, he did not make
known.
Lackmann urged that immediate ac
tion be taken in view of the shortness
of time. If there was any chance to
save the city such a sum the Super
visors were in duty bound to do so.
Smith made another fight for delay
by ignoring the terms of the resolution,
as Britt had done, and claiming that
the granting of permission to erect
poles was a valuable privilege and
should be taxed by the city. Dodge
knocked this argument out by showing
JUDGE RHODES BORDEN.
(From a Photograph by Taber.)
Appointed by Governor Budd to Succeed Judge
Crjarles W. SlacK-
Rhodes Borden, who was yesterday appointed to the superior bench by
Governor Budd to fill the place made vacant by the resignation of Judge
Charles W. Slack, is at present chief deputy in the office of City and
County Attorney Harry T. Creswell, which position he has held since 1592.
In 1596, at the earnest solicitations of the members of the local bar, he
accepted the nomination of Superior Judge, running- on both the regular
Democratic and non-partisan tickets, but failed of election.
Judge Borden is comparatively a young man. He was born in Alabama
in 1858, and is therefore but 40 years old. He received his rudimentary
education at the University of Kentucky, coming to California with his
parents, before graduating, in 1869, and located in Fresno County. He re
moved to this city in 18S1. Immediately after arrivi-ng here he took up the
study of law in the office of Judge John Garber, arid graduated from the
Hastings Law College in 1883. For a number of years he was engaged by
Garber, Boalt & Bishop, attending to much of their outside business.
The Borden family is one of the oldest in the United States. Leaving
England they arrived in Rhode Island in 1035. The branch to which the
new appointee belongs settled in Virginia in 1711, removing to Alabama in
1836, and can therefore be numbered among the oldest families of the
South.
The appointment is indeed a great compliment to the successful aspi
rant, as Frank Murasky, his chief opponent, is a very popular and equally
as well qualified man. Either of them is eminently fitted for the place.
Powerful influence must have been brought to bear to overcome the influ
ence of the friends of Murasky.
It is rumored among attorneys that upon Judge Borden taking his seat
the criminal cases heretofore assigned to Judge Dunne's department will
be assigned to Judge Borden's court.
that the passage of the resolution
would in no way affect the right to tax
the privilege, which could be done if
the city saw fit to do so. He referred
to the former attempt to stop the Mu
tual Company from erecting poles in
the city, and the city's.defeat in the Su
preme Court, and asked if the Supervi
sors cared to undertake any more such
litigation.
By this time Britt and Smith had
matters well in hand and the resolu
tion was referred to the joint commit
tee, with instructions to report at the
next meeting.
Dodge and Laekmann were the only
ones to oppose it, while 1 askins, Dela
ny, Sheehan. Morton, Britt. Smith and
Rivers voted in the affirmative.
In view of that part of the resolu
tion instructing the Street Lights Com
mittee to invite proposals in such lan
guage that no company shall be ex
cluded from biddir" It is an Interest
ing fact that Mr. Rivers, the chairman
of that committee, has in his possession
now a proposal approved by the com
mittee, which does just what it is in
tened shall not be done; namely, the
cutting off of all but the San Francisco
company from bidding, owing to the
terms imposed. If that proposal takes
the same course it has in the past, it
will be held back until about ten days
before the expiration of the present
contract and then rushed through,
thus effectually choking all opposition.
Marion Crawford on the Pope.
Marlon Crawford's style of oratory is
very much on a par with his literary
style. There Is the same fluent, easy de
livery, the same absolute perfection of
manner. It Is clean cut. polished work,
yet somehow he never rises to the higher
flights of eloquence; he never wakes his
audience to an outburst of enthusiasm.
He is a good talker, in short, rather than
a great speaker, and that is really all one
can demand of a popular lecturer of the
day.
Naturally the large audience which
filled the California Theater last night
was extremely sympathetic. The lecturer
is himself an ardent Roman Catholic, the
lecture dealt with Pope Leo XIII, and
his life in the Vatican, and was given un- p
der the auspices of the Y. M. I. Mayor
Phelan, in a speech of somewhat unnec
essary length, undertook the introductory
part of the business, as If Crawford re
quires any Introduction to an audience of
cultured, novel reading Californlans. The
lecturer, who bears himself with all the
ease of a polished gentleman of the world,
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ladue=Yukon Transportation Co.
"COLD PICK LIINE"
For Copper River, Junean, Skapay, Dyea, via Seattle. •
The Fast, Elegant and Completely Refurnished Steamer ■ . ,;j '.i. i: _, '
"MORGAN CITY,"
Capacity 700 Passengers and 2500 Tons of Freight, will sail from San Fran-
• cisco (on her arrival from New York) •
ON OR ABOUT APRIL 10,
And take the outside passage for Juneau, thence to Skaguay,
■ ' Dyea and Copper River.
In this way. the dangers. of the inside passage will be avoided. The "Mor-
gan City" is one of the finest Steamers afloat, lighted by electricity, . elegant
accommodations, ladies' boudoirs, special cabins, grand ; salon, " social . hall,.
smoking rooms and buffet. , Large number of : handsomely equipped " bath-
rooms furnished with porcelain bathtubs, steam heat, 20,000 candle power
searchlights. The best table will be served on the , "Morgan City" of any '
steamer on this coast. This Beautiful Steamer will later on run between San '
Francisco and St. . Michael. ' For Freight and Passage apply to
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.; Passenger Office 609 Market St., San Francisco, .
Or JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE GO* Mutual lite Building, Seattle,
commanded the attention of his audience
from the lirst. He began with a short
historical introduction, explaining the po
litical causes which led to the downfall
of the temporal power of the papacy, and
contrasting very strongly the gentle fee
bleness of Pius IX's administration with
that of his successor, Leo XIII. Under
I'ius the political power of the Vatican
sank to zero, but under the vigorous rule
of Leo it has won the respect of all na
tions.
Marion Crawford regards the Pope as
among the greatest .statesmen of the
century, and in one of the most forcible
passages of his lecture compared him
with Lincoln and Gladstone, bracketing
the three great statesmen together. All
throe, he pointed out, were men who pos
sessed remarkable physical qualifications
in their youth. All three could bo elo
quent on occasion, and all three had a
certain element of melancholy sadness in
their composition.
Leo is now nearly 90 years of age, yet
Crawford drew a wonderful picture of
his pnysical vigor. With almost a super
fluity of detail he told of the hours the
Pope keeps, of the scanty meals he eats;
all the little peculiarities of his character
were set orth with photographic accur
acy. The Pope has great conversational
power. Rarely does a distinguished per
sonage pass through Rome without being
summoned to an audience. *j. his dicta
torial way, Leo will sometimes taiK for a
couple of hours, and the visitor feels
through it all that he is listening to a
man of real power, who unites the
three great essentials of strength — those
of head, heart and hand. The Pope, as
Mr. Crawford sums him up, is evenly bal
anced as a statesman, a scholar and a
man. No such personage has appeared
at the head of the church fo>- centuries.
He has turned tiie feeling of the nations
of Europe from hostility to friendliness.
He has achievou greater results than
Mazzini and Garibaldi, Bismarck or
Napoleon 111. Act, despite all this ex
treme praise, Mr. Crawford had to admit
that Leo is practically a prisoner in his
own Vatican. Political reasons are often,
given for his voluntary seclusion; but the
real cause is the disturbed condition of
Rome. A volcano of anarchical senti
ment rages beneath the surface, and the
Pope's life, should he venture beyond his
own grounds, would not be safe for a
day. Some fanatical revolutionist, af
flicted with the "sour indigestion of free
thought," would cut his career short, and,
therefore, the rulers of modern Italy, who
have the highest respect for Loo's char
acter and ability, are glad to have him
remain at home. The lecture to-night
will describe the "Original Mr. Isaacs'
Early Newspaper Experience in India."
Hobos Rob a Saloon.
WOODLAND. March 28.— A saloon at
Cacheville was entered by burglars last
night. Four hobos were arrested at
Knights Landing this morning with a por
tion of the plunder in their possession.
1112
CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
elected December 27, 1897, in pursuance of the Provisions of
Section 8, Article XI, of tf)e Constitution of the
State of California.
CONTENTS.
ARTICLE I— BOUNDARIES. RIGHTS
AND LIABILITIES.
ARTICLK 11-LEGISLATIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter ll— Powers of the Supervisors.
Chapter Hi— Contracts.
ARTICLE HI— FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Chapter I— Levying of Taxes.
Chapter ll— The Several Funds.
Chapter Hl— The Custody of Public
Moneys.
Chapter IV— Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE -IV— EXKi'UTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Mayor.
Chapter [I— Auditor.
Chapter Hl— Treasurer.
Chapter IV— Assessor.
Chapter V— Tax Collector.
Chapter Vl— Coroner.
Chapter Vll— Recorder.
ARTICLE V— LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter, l— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter ll— City Attorney.
Chapter lll— District Attorney.
Chapter [V— Public Administrator.
Chapter" V— County Clerk.
Chapter Vl— Sheriff.
' Chapter Vll— Justices' Court.
Chapter Vlll— Police Court.
Chapter IX — San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI— DEPARTMENT OF PUB- !
LIC WORKS.
Chapter I— Board of Public Works.
Chapter ll— lmprovement of Streets.
Chapter lll— Opening of Streets.
Chapter IV — Sewers and Drainage.
Chapter V— Harbors and Wharves.
ARTICLE VII — PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES.
Chapter I— Board of Education.
Chapter ll— Schools.
Chapter 111 — Powers of the Board of
Education.
Chapter IV— Superintendent of Schools.
ARTICLE I.
Boundaries, Rights and Liabilities.
SECTION 1. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of
San Francisco shall remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate, in
name and in fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
by that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue and defend in all
courts and places and In all matters
and proceedings; may have and use a
common seal and alter the same at
pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
and enjoy real and personal property;
receive bequests, gifts and donations of
all kinds of property, in fee simple, or
in trust for charitable and other pur
poses, and do all acts necessary to
carry out the purposes of tuch gifts,
bequests and donations, with power to
manage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
of the same in accordance with the
terms of thf» gift, bequest or trust.
Sec. 2. The boundaries of the City
and County of San Francisco are here
by declared to be those set forth in
Section Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
of the Political Code of California.
Sec. 3. The City and County of San
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
property, rights of property, rights of
action of every nature and description
of the existing municipality and is
hereby declared to be the successor of
the same.
Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings
may be brought in the name of the City
and County for the recovery of any
property, money or thinr belong
ing thereto, in law or equity, or dedi
cated to public use therein, or for the
enforcement of any rights of, or con
tracts with, the City and County,
whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this
Charter. All existing suits, actions and
proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to which the City and County is a party,
shall continue to bo carried on by or
against the City and County.
Sec. 5. No recourse shall be had
against the City and County for dam
age or loss to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of the de
fective condition of any sidewalk,
street, avenue, lane, alley, court or
place, or by reason of the defective
condition of any sewer, or by reason of
any defective drainage, whether any of
said defects originally existed, or
whether they were occasioned by con
struction, excavation or embankment,
nor shall there be any recourse against
the City and County for want of re
pair of any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place or by want
of repair of any sewer; nor shall there
be any recourse against the City and
County for damage to person or prop
erty suffered or sustained by reason of
accident on any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place, or by falling
from any embankment thereon or into
any excavation therein; but in anysuch
case the person or persons on whom
the law may have imposed the obli
gation to repair such defect in the
sidewalk, street or public highway, or
in the sewer, and also the officer or
officers through whose official negli
gence such derect remains unrepaired
ehall be jointly and severally liable to
the party injured for the damage sus
tained.
ABTICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTEB I.
The Board of Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power
of the City and County of San Francls
eo shall be vested in a legislative body,
which shall be designated the Board of
Supervisors. Such body is also desig
nated in this Charter, the Supervisors.
Sec. 2. The Board of Supervisors
shall consist of eighteen members, all
ARTICLE Vll— Continued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter VI — Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
ing-rooms.
ARTICLE VIII — POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Chapter V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter Vll— Promotions, Suspensions
i and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
! Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IX— FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Organization and Powers.
Chapter II — Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chief Engineer.
Chapter IV — Fire Companies.
Chapter V— Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter VII — Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI — DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commis
sioners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE XII— ACQUISITION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII— CIVIL SERVICE.
ARTICLE XIV— PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV— BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
ARTICLE XVI— MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
of whom shall hold office for two years,
and shall be elected from the City and
County at large. Each one must be at
the time of his election an elector of
the City and County, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding his election. Each Supervis
or shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars.
Every person who has served as
Mayor of the City and County, so lon£
as he remains a resident thereof, shall
be entitled to a seat in the Board of
Supervisors and to participate in its
debates, but shall not be entitled to a
vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of all the members
of the Board shall constitute a quorum,
but a less number may adjourn from
day to day and compel the attendance
of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties as the Board may
prescribe.
Sec. 4. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms
and, when authorized to do so by ordi
nance, such additional clerks and other
assistants as may be deemed necessary.
2. Establish rules for its proceedings.
3. Keep a journal of its proceedings,
and allow the same to be published.
The ayes and noes shall on demand of
any member be taken and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish its mem
bers for disorderly or contemptuous
behavior in its presence.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be the pre
siding officer of the Board of Supervis
ors. In the absence of the Mayor the
Board shall appoint a presiding officer
pro tempore from its own members,
who shall have the same right to vote
as other members.
Sec. 6. The Board shall meet on
Monday of each week, or if that day be a
legal holiday, then on the next day.
The Board shall not adjourn to any
other place than to its r< lar place of
meeting, except in case of great neces
sity or emergency. The meetings of
the Board shall be public
Sec. 7. The clerk of the Board,
when requested to do so, shall admin
ister oaths and affirmations, without
charge, in all matters pertaining to
the affairs of his office, and shall per
form such services as may be pre
scribed by the Board. He shall have
the custody of the seal, and of all
leases, grants and other documents,
records and papers of the City and
County. His signature shall be neces
sary to all leases, grants and convey
ances of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Every legislative act of the
City and County shall be by ordinance.
The enacting clause of every ordinance
shall be in these words: "Be it or
dained by the People of the City and
County of San Francisco as follows."
No ordinance shall be passed except by
bill, and no bill shall be so amended as
to change its original purpose.
Sec. 9. No bill shall become an ordi
nance, nor resolution be adopted, un
less finally passed by a majority of all
the members of the Board and the vote
be taken by ayes and noes and the
names of the members voting for and
against the same be entered in the
Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to itf- title; but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted
at length as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
but one subject, which subject shall be
expressed in its title. If any subject
be embraced in an ordinance and not
expressed in its title, such ordinance
shall be void only as to so much there
of as is not expressed in its title.
Sec. I^. When a bill is put upon its
final passage in the Board and fails to
pass, and a motion is made to recon
sider, the vote upon such motion shall
not be acted upon before the expira
tion of twenty-four hours after ad
journment. No bill for the grant of
any franchise shall be put upon its
final passage within ninety days after
its introduction, and no franchise shall
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 29, 1898.
be renewed before one year prior to its
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af
ter amendment, be laid over for one
week before its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific improvement,
or the granting of any franchise or
privilege, or involving the lease, ap
propriation or disposition of public
property or the expenditure of public
money, except sums less than two
hundred dollars, or levying any tax
or assessment, and every ordinance
providing for the imposition of a new
duty or penalty, shall, after its intro
duction, be published in the official
newspaper, with the ayes and noes,
for at least five successive days (Sun
days and legal holidays excepted) be
fore final action upon the same. If
such bill be amended, the bill as
amended shall be advertised for a like
period before final action thereon. But
in cases of great necessity the officers
and heads of departments may, with
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary to
meet the requirements of such neces
sity.
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more items
separately, while approving other por
tions of the bill. In such case he shall
append to the bill at the time of sign-
Ing it a statement of the item or item?,
to which he objects and the reasons
therefor, and the item or items so ob
jected to shall not take effect unless
passed notwithstanding the Mayor's
objection. Each item so objected to
shall be separately reconsidered by the-
Board in the same manner as bills
which have been disapproved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance shall take ef
fect until ten days after its passage
unless otherwise provided in such or
dinance.
Sec. 16. Every bill and every resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board and shall
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill
or resolution to the Board within ten
days after receiving it. If he approve
It he shall sign it and it shall then be
come an ordinance. If he disapprove
it he shall specify his objections there
to in writing, 'if he does not return
it with such disapproval within the
time above specified, it shall take ef
fect as if he had approved it. The ob
jections of the Mayor shall be entered
at large in the Journal of thp Board,
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill or
resolution shall have been so returned,
reconsider and vote upon the same. If
the same shall, upon reconsideration,
be again passed by the affirmative vote
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, the presiding officer shall |
certify that fact on the bill or resolu
tion, and when so certified, the bill
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as if it had been approved by the
Mayor. If the bill or resolution shall fail
to receive the vote of fourteen members
of the Board it shall be deemed finally
lost. The vote on such reconsideration
shall be taken by ayes and noes and
the names of the members voting for
and against the same shall be entered
in the Journal.
Sec. 17. All ordinances and resolu
tions shall be deposited with the Clerk
of the Board who shall record the same
at length in a suitable book.
Sec. 18. No ordinance shall be re
pealed except by ordinance adopted in
the manner hereinbefore set out, and
such ordinance shall be presented to
the Mayor for his approval as herein
before provided.
Sec. 19. Except as provided in Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all
demands payable out of the Treasury
must, before they can be approved by
the Auditor or paid by the Treasurer,
be first approved by the Board of Sup
ervisors. All demands for more than two
hundred dollars shall be presented to the
Mayor for his approval, in the manner
hereinbefore provided for the passage
of bills or resolutions. All resolutions
directing the payment of money other
than salaries or wages, when the
amount exceeds five hundred dollars,
shall he published for five successive
days (Sundays and legal holidays ex
cepted) in the official newspaper.
Sec. 20. "Whene\ there shall be pre
sented to the Board of Election Com
missioners a petition signed by a num
ber of voters equal to fifteen per
centum of the votes cast at the last
preceding State or City and County
election, asking that an ordinance to be
set forth in such petition, be submitted
to a vote of th< electors of the City and
County, the Board of Election Com
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to tlie vote of the electors at
the next election.
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper, but
each signer shall add to his signature
his place of re'idence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
fore an officer competent to administer
oaths, that the statements therein
made are true, and that each signature
to the paper appended is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used in such election
shall contain the words "FUR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such ordinance shall be in favor of the
adoption thereof, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall within thirty days
from the time of such election, pro
c"aim such fact: nd upon such procla
mation such ordinance shall have the
same force and effect as an ordinance
passed by the Supervisors and ap
proved by the Mayor, and the same
shall not be repealed by the Supervi
sors. But the Supervisors may submit
a proposition for the repeal of such
ordinance, or for amendments thereto,
for vote at any succeeding election; and
should such proposition, so submitted,
receive a majority of the votes cast
thereon at such election, such ordi
nance shall be repealed or amended
accordingly.
Sec. 21. Except as otherwise pro
vided in the Constitution of the State,
or as otherwise provided in this Char
ter, every ordinance involving the
granting by the City and County of
any franchise for the supply of light
or water, or for the lease < r sale of any
public utility, or for the purchase of land
of more than fifty thousand dollars in
value must be submitted to the vote
of the electors of th City and County
at the election next ensuing after the
adoption of such ordinance.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating tlie nature of
the proposed ordin nice) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such ordinance shall be In favor of the
adoption thereof, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, within thirty
days from the time of such election,
proclaim such fact; and upon such
proclamation such ordinance shall have
the same force and effect as an ordi
nance passed by the Supervisors and
approved by the Mayor.
No such franchise, or lease or sale
of any public utility or purchase of
land shall be of any force or effect ex
cept it be made by ordinance, and such
ordinance be adopted by the people as
in this section provided.
Sec. 22. Whenever there shall be
presented to the Supervisors a petition
signed by a number of voters equal 111 1
fifteen per centum of the votes cast at
the last preceding State or municipal
election, asking that an amendment or
amendments t this Charter, to be set
out in such petition, be submitted to
the people, the Board must submit to
the vote of the electors of the City and
County the proposed amendment or
amendments.
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper. Each
signer shall add to his signature his
place of residence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
fore an oi cer competent to administer
oaths that the statements made therein
are true and that each signature to
such paper appended Is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must make all necessary provision for
submitting the proposed amendment or
amendments to the electors at a spe
cial election to be called by it, and shall
canvass the vote in the same manner
as in other cases of election.
All the provisions of the Constitution
of the State embracing the subject in
this section provided for are hereby ex
pressly made applicable to such pro
posed amendment or amendments. But
if at any time there shall be no consti
tutional provision or provisions under
which this Charter may be amended,
then the aforesaid amendment or
amendments must be submitted by the
Board of Election Commissioners tc the
vote of the electors of the City and
County at the election which next en
sues after such petition Is filed with the
Supervisors, if any such election is not
to be held within sixty days after the
filing of such petition.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT" (stating the nature
of the proposed amendment) and
"AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
(stating the nature of the proposed
amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such amendment or amendments shall
be In favor of the adoption thereof,
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such election, proclaim such fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accord' igly.
CHAPTER 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions in
this Charter contained, the Board of
Supervisors shall have power:
1. To ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the City and
County all necssary local, police, sani
tary and oth^r laws and regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, or in the Constitution of
the State of California, to regulate and
control for any and every purpose, the
use of the streets, highways, public
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and County.
3. To permit the laying down of rail
road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling in a street or portion of a. street
or the adjoining land, for such limited
time as may be necessary for such
purpose and no longer. Such tracks
must be laid level with the street and
must be operated under such restric
tions as not to interfere with the use of
such streets by the public.
4. To empower street railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Board may see fit to impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
parks.
5. To fix the limits within which
wooden buildings or structures shall
not be erected, placed or maintained,
and to prohibit the same within such
limits. Such limits when once estab
lished shall not be changed except by
extension.
6. To prov. _.c for the abatement or
summary removal of any nuisance and
to condemn and t<> prevent the occu
pancy of unsafe structures.
7. To regulate the use of hackney car
riages and public passenger vehicles,
and to fix the rates to be charged for
the transportation of persons or per
sonal baggage.
8. To provide a public pound and to
make all necessary rules and regula-*
tions in the matter of animals running
at large, and for the custody and de
struction of the same.
9. To provide and maintain a
morgue.
10. To provide places for the deten
tion of witnesses and persons charged
with insanity, separate and apart from
places where criminals or persons ac
cused of public offenses are imprisoned.
11. To establish, maintain and regu
late, and change, discontinue and
re-establish City and County jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun
ishment, confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be
needed for public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, to regulate and control
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing cf
water, heat, light, power, telephonic
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control any and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets
of the City and County, and for flush
ing the sewers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin
ance in the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation in the City and
County, for the use of water, heat,
light or power, supplied to the City and
County, or to the inhabitants thereof,
and to prescribe the quality of the ser
vice.
15. To impose license taxes and to
provide for the collection thereof; but
no license taxes shall be imposed upon
any person who, at any fixed place of
business in the City and County, sells
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per
mits from the Board of Police Com
missioners as provided in this Charter.
16. To prescribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' imprisonment, or both.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
18. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars in any year
for the celebration of the anniversary
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five hundred dollars in any
year for the observance of Memorial
Day.
19. To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasury from fines col
lected on conviction of persons charged
with cruelty to animals, and to author
ize the payment of the same or some
part tnereof to any society that shall
efficiently aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of
compensation to the interpreters ap
pointed by the Judges of the Superior
Court, to interpret testimony in crim
inal cases in said Court or the Police
Court, or upon inquests and examina
tions. Such compensation shall not ex
ceed one hundred dollars a month for
each interpreter.
21. To offer rewards not exceeding
one thousand dollars in any one in
stance for the apprehension and convic
tion of any person who may have com
mitted a felony in the City* and County,
and to authorize the payment thereof.
22. To provide in the annual tax
levy for a special fund to be used in the
construction of a general system of
drainage and sewerage.
23. To provide a Seal for the City
and County, and Seals for the several
departments, boards and officers there
of, and a Seal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or serv
ice required of all laborers in the serv
ice of the City and County, and to fix
their compensation; provided that eight
hours shall be the maximum hours of
labor in any calendar day, and that th
minimum wages of laborers shall be
two dollars a day.
25. To set apart as a boulevard or
boulevards any street or streets, or por
tions of a street or streets, over which
there is no existing franchise for any
street railroad.
26. To construct or permit the con
struction of tunnels, under such rules
and regulations as the Board may pre
scribe.
27. To regulate street railroads,
tracks and cars; to compel the owners
of two or more of such roads using the
same street for any distance not ex
ceeding ten blocks to use the same
tracks and to equitably divide the cost
of construction and expense of main
tenance thereof between the owners; to
fix, establish and reduce the fares and
charges for transporting passengers
and goods thereon; to regulate rates of
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or incon
venience in the operation of such roads.
28. To allow any transcontinental or
other railroad company having not less
than fifty miles of road actually con
structed and in operation to enter the
City and County with its road and run
Its cars to the water front at the most
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to
any railroad company; and the use of
all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to regulation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right
shall be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep in repair
the street from curb to curb in such a
manner and with such material as may
from time to time X>e prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company
shall allow any other railroad company
to use in common with it the same
track or tracks, each paying an equal
portion for the construction and repair
of the tracks and appurtenances used
by such railways jointly.
29. To convey lands in accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
ment of land titles in the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof," ap
proved March 14, 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
all trusts confided to the City and
County.
31. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant and un
used lots of land to another depart
ment.
32. To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter owned by the
City and County; but all leases shall be
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
dinance passed by the affirmative vote
of two-thirds of the members of the
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pe
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public
auction, after advertising for five days,
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the use of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County:
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of judg
ment and costs.
35. The Supervisors must appropriate
annually to the Mayor thirty-six hun
dred dollars as and for a contingent
fund, for which he need furnish no
vouchers.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by virtue of his office.
Sec. 3. The Board of Supervisors
shall appoint from its members a com
mittee consisting of three to be denom
inated Finance Committee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee.
The Committee shall investigate the
transactions and accounts of all officers
having the collection, custody or dis
bursement of public money, or having
the power to approve, allow, or audit
demands on the treasury; shall have
free access to any records, books and
papers in all public offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and affirma
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by
subpena. The Committee may at any
time visit any of the public offices and
make its examinations and investiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once in
every six months, examine the official
bonds of all City and County officers,
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re
port in writing the facts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond
with the sureties, and the amounts for
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they are sufficient and
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nec
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nec
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is filed and ap
proved.
Sec. 4. The Finance Committee shall
have power, and it shall be its duty, to
examine the records and examine and
expert the books of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gross receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, and
it shall be its duty, to examine the
records and examine and exper.t the
books of account of any and all per
sons, companies or corporations so
furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the
concurrence of two members of the
Committee shall be deemed sufficient.
The Committee shall keep a record of
its proceedings with the names of the
witnesses examined and a substantial
statement of the evidence taken. If,
from the examination made by the
Committee, it shall appear that a mis
demeanor in office, or a defalcation,
has been committed by an officer, the
Committee shall immediately report to
the Mayor, who, if he approve the re
port, shall take such proceedings
against such officer as are authorized
by law, and may suspend him pending
such proceedings. Any Police Officer
shall execute th^ process and orders of
the Committee.
Sec. 5. No exclusive franchise or
privilege shall be granted for laying
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. 6. The Board of Supervisors
shall have power to grant authority
for a term not exceeding twenty-five
years to construct and operate street
railways upon, or over, or under, the
streets or parts of streets of the City
and County not reserved for boulevards
or carriage driveways, upon the follow
ing conditions and in the following
manner and none other:
Upon application being made to the
Board for any such franchise, it shall
by resolution determine whether such
franchise or any part thereof should
be granted, and at said time shall de
termine on what conditions the same
shall be granted additional to those
conditions provided in this Chapter.
After such determination, it shall
cause notice of such application and
resolution to be advertised in the offi
cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten consecutive days. Such ad
vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
before any further action is taken by
the Board on such application. The ad
vertisement must state the character
of the franchise sought, the term of
its proposed continuance, and the
route to be traversed; that sealed bids
will be received up to a certain hour
on a day to be named in the advertise
ment; and a further statement that
no bids will be received of a stated
amount, but that all bids must be for
the payment to the City and County
in lawful money of the United States
of a stated percentage of the gross
annual receipts of the person, com
pany or corporation to whom the fran
chise may be awarded, arising from its
use, operation, enjoyment or posses
sion.
Every bidder shall file with his bid a
bond executed to the City and County,
with at least two good and sufficient
sureties to be approved by the Mayor
in a penal sum prescribed by the Su
pervisors, and set forth in such ad
vertisement, conditioned that such bid
der will well and truly -observe, fulfill
and perform each and all of the condi
tions, terms and obligations of the
franchise for which said application
was made in case the same shall be
awarded to him, and that in case of
! the breach of any of the conditions of
such bond, the whole amount of the
penal sum therein named shall be taken
to be liquidated damages, and that as !
such shall be recoverable from the j
principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the
expiration of the time stated in such
advertisement up to which such bids
will be received, the Board must open
such bids and award the franchise to
the person, company or corporation of
fering to pay the highest stated per
centage of the gross receipts arising
from the use, operation, possession or
enjoyment of the franchise for which
such application was made. But no j
award shall be made, nor any such ap
plication granted, unless the stated
percentage offered to be paid for the ■
franchise shall be at least three per j
centum of such gross receipts during j
the first five years of the period for i
which the franchise is to be granted, j
four per centum of the gross receipts ;
during the next succeeding ten years, j
and five per centum of the gross re- j
ceipts during the next succeeding ten i
years.
Except as in this section otherwise
provided, bidding for such franchises
must be in accordance with the provis- '
ions of this Charter in relation to bids
made to the Board of Public Works, so
far as such provisions may be applica
ble. The Supervisors may reject any ;
and all bids, and may refuse to grant a
franchise for any part of the route" for
which application was made. Every
ordinance making such grant shall re- ;
quire the concurrence of three-fourths of
all the members of the Board of Super- !
visors, as shown by the ayes and noes, j
and the approval of the May- j
or, and at least ninety days shall in- j
tervene between the introduction and
final passage of any such ordinance. It
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance j
notwithstanding the 'objections of the
Mayor.
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con- j
dition, in addition to the conditions re- i
quired by this Charter, and such other j
conditions as may be prescribed by the j
Supervisors, that the per centum of the
gross receipts of the railway shall be i
paid into the treasury on or before the
tenth day of the next ensuing month '
after such gross receipts shall have !
been earned; and upon the further con- |
dition that the whole of the railway j
shall be continuously operated, and
that at the end of the term the road
track and bed of such railway and all :
its stationary fixtures upon the public j
streets, shall become the property of i
the City and County; and that the
grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such grant, commence !
the construction of such railway, and
continuously thereafter, in each and ev
ery month until the completion thereof,
expend in such construction "at least
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of i
said conditions shall work an immedi- !
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the
road or track constructed thereunder. I
There shall be no power in the Super- !
visors to relieve from such forfeiture i
or from any of said conditions. On or
before the tenth day of each month af- j
ter said receipts shall have been earned, :
the President and Secretary of said
railway company shall make and file '
with the Clerk of the Board of Super- !
visors a sworn statement of the gross
receipts of such railway for the pre- ;
ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the
Board of Supervisors shall impose such
other lawful conditions as it may deem ;
advisable, and must expressly provide
that the franchise shall not be renewed ,
or regranted, and that the Board shall
at all times have the power to regulate i
the rates of fare to be charged by those
using , operating, possessing or enjoy
ing the franchise, and that the Finance
Committee of the Board shall at all
times be permitted to examine and ex
pert their books as to such gross re
ceipts. All moneys received for such
franchises and in payment of the said
per centum shall be credited to the !
General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no ;
power to grant franchises or privileges I
to erect poles or wires for transmitting '
electric power or for lighting purposes
along or upon any public street or high
way of the City and County except up
on all the conditions and in the manner, I
including competitive bidding and pay- i
ment of a percentage of gross receipts, |
hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur- i
ther condition that the Board shall at i
all times have the right to regulate the
charges of any person, company or cor
poration using, enjoying or possessing j
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street
railroad franchise, it shall be deemed
inexpedient by the Board to use any of i
the property reverting to it by reason |
of such expiration in the operation of ;
a street railroad, then the Board shall j
have power to lease such property to
any person, company or corporation af- !
ter the notice, on the terms, and in the j
manner above provided as to the grant- i
ing of street railroad franchises, as far
as the same may be applicable. But no j
ordinance authorizing such lease shall
be passed prior to ninety days next pre
ceding the expiration of such franchise.
Any ordinance granting a franchise
or authorizing a lease under the provis
ions of this section shall be in force
from and after the expiration of thirty
days from the date of its signature by
the Mayor, or from and after the expi
ration of thirty days from the date of
its passage by the Supervisors over his
objections, unless within said thirty
days a petition signed by a number of
the electors of the City and County
equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
cast at the last preceding election shall
have been filed with the ; Supervisors,
asking that said ordinance be submit
ted, to the vote of the people. In such
case said ordinance shall be submitted
at the next election to the vote of the
electors of the City and County, and
unless said ordinance shall at said elec
tion receive in its favor a majority of
the votes cast thereon it shall have no
force or effect for any ■ purpose. If a
majority of the votes be in favor of
such ordinance, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion
of the canvass of the vote thereon,
proclaim such fact, and upon such
proclamation said ordinance shall have
full force and effect as of the date
aforesaid. Said petition and submission
shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of section twenty of Chapter
I of this Article.
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
against the City and County must be
presented to the Board of Supervisors
and filed with the Clerk within six
months after the occurrence from
which the damages are claimed to have
arisen; otherwise there" shall be no re
covery on any such claim.
CHAPTER 111.
_•: ; Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods
merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist
ence or printing for the City and Coun
ty, as well as for all subsistence sup
plies, drugs, 1 and other l necessary arti
cles for hospitals, prisons, public Insti
tutions and other departments not oth
erwise specifically provided for in this
Charter, must be made by the Supervis
ors with the lowest bidder offering ad
equate security, after ; publication for
not less than ten days -in the official
newspaper; and no purchase thereof «r
liability therefor shall be made or cre
ated except by contract.
ri?^ Pt as otherwise provided in this
Charter, the v Board must determine
annually what goods, merchandise,
stores, supplies, drugs, subsistence and
ht ?£ necessary articles will be needed
by the City and County for the ensuing
year, and it shall have •no power tS
purchase or to pay for the same unless
the provisionßin tl.a Charter provided
as to competitve bidding" for supplies
I are strictly fo!owed, and no contract
I shall be made Dr any of the same un
i less upon such competitive bidding.
All proposals shall be accompanied
I with a certificat of deposit or certified
check on a solvnt bank in the City
and County of tn per centum on the
i amount of the bi\ payable at sight to
I the order of the Clerk of the Supervis
! ors. If the bidde- to whom the con-
I tract Is awarded Biall for five days af
i ter such award fai or neglect to enter
into the contract aid file the required
bond, the Clerk shsll draw the money
due on such certificate of deposit or
check and pay the s.me into the treas
ury; and under no ercumstances shall
the certificate of de»osit or check or
the proceeds theretf be returned to
such defaulting bidde.
Notices for proposal fur furnishing
the aforesaid articles shall mention
said articles in general and shall state
that the conditions am schedule may
be found in the office cf the Clerk of
the Board of Supervises; and shall
also state that sunh articles are to be
delivered at such times, h such quan
tities, and in such manne-, as the Su
pervisors may designate. Any bidder
may bid separately for any article
named. The award as to -ach article
shall in all cases be made tc the lowest
bidder for such article, and vhere a bid
embraces more than one a-ticle. the
Supervisors shall have the rirht to ac
cept or reject such bid or th> bid for
any one or more articles unbraced
therein. In the case of contracts for
subsistence of prisoners the advertise
ment for proposals shall specitv each
article required, the quality Cierect,
the quantity for each person, ar.d the
existing and probable number o." per
sons to be supplied. No article car ar
ticles provided for in this section shall
have been made in any prison. The
Supervisors shall require bonds vitn
sufficient sureties for the faithful per
formance of every contract. The CHrK
of the Supervisors shall furnish print
ed blanks for all such proposals, con
tracts and bonds.
All bids shall be sealed and delivered
by the bidder to the Clerk of the Su
pervisors, and opened by the Board at
an hour and place to be stated in tha
advertisement for proposals, in tha
presence of all bidders who attend, and
the bidders may inspect the bids. Alt
bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected. All articles
so supplied shall be subject to inspec
tion and rejection by the Supervisors
and by the person in char 1 " 1 of the of
fice, institution or department fop
which the same are supplied. Every
contract for work to be performed for
the City and County must provide that
in the performance of the contract
eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar day,
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor in the
execution of his contract shall be two
dollars a day. Any contract for work
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
visions of this section shall be null and
void, and any officer who shall sign the
same shall be deemed guilty of misfea
sance and upon proof of such misfea
sance shall be removed from office.
Sec. 2. All contracts for official ad
vertising shall be let annually in liks
manner by- the Supprvisors to the low
est responsible bidder publishing a
daily newspaper in the City and Coun
ty which has a bona fide daily circula
tion of at least eight thousand copies.
and has been in existence at the time
of letting' such contract for at least
two years. In Inviting proposals there
for, such advertising shall not be clas
sified and no proposal shall be acted
upon which offers to do such advertis
ing at different rates for different por
tions thereof.
Such advertising shall he construed
to mean the advertising and publica
tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resolutions, notice*
inviting proposals and all notices of
every nature relating to City work. No
part or kind of such advertising shall
be chargpd or contracted for at a high
er rate than any oth«^r part or kind of
the same is charged or contracted for.
except in the case of the delinquent tax
list.
The newspaper to which the award
of such advertising Is made shall b«
known and designated as the "official
newspaper."
The advertising of the delinquent
tax list shall be let to the lowest rv%
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
from all other official advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which is not ex
pressly authorized by this Charter or
by the Supervisors.
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the Supervisors
shall annually, under the direction of
the Supervisors, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and offices of the
City and County with all stationery
and" supplies in the nature of station
ery, assessment books, minute books,
blank books and the printing of blanks.
The contracts for tionery shall be
separate from those for printing-.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
require a greater or less quantity to
be delivered at such times and in such
manner as the Supervisors may desig
nate. The advertisement for bids for
paper shall state the weight, quality
and size of the various kinds required,
and that for printing shall enumerate
the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
receipts, court notices, and all blanks,
papers and documents now used or
hereafter required in any and all de
partments of the City and County, in
cluding the forms, papers and blanks
now used or hereafter required by the
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall ha
consecutively numbered, and. each form
and blank shall be known as No. ■
(specifying the number). Such adver
tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the bidders
to state the price at which each arti
cle will be furnished, printed or manu
factured, as the same may be required
from time to time during such period,
and the amount of the bond that will be
required as security for the perform
ance of the contract.
No stationery furnished to any offi
cer or department shall contain the
name or names of the officer or offi
cers constituting the head of the de
partment or board. The contract or
contracts must be made with the low
est bidder offering adequate security,
quantity and quality being considered.
The Clerk of the Supervisors shall have
rooms in the City Hall for the custody
of such stationery, and when purchased
the same shall be delivered to him, and
he shall issue and distribute the same
to the various departments as re
quired.
He shall keep accounts In detail,
charging himself with all goods re
ceived, and crediting himself with the
goods delivered upon order or requisi
tion as hereinafter provided,
any of such supplies are required, for
any department, the Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall issue the same after the
requisition for such articles has been
made by the head of such department
and approved by the Mayor.
All requisitions for printing shall be
made in a similar manner The Clerk
shall report monthly in writing to the
Supervisors in detail, the amount of
all naner blanks, books, stationery and
prin'tinl •orSed by and Slivered to
an s y e c de 4 Par Sy nt omce 00 r ffi of the City and
County or of any department thereof,
who shall aid or assist a bidder in se
curing contract to furnish labor ma
terial or supplies, at< a higher price or
rite thin that proposed by any other
bidder or who shall favor one bidder
over another, by giving or withholding
information, or who shall willfully mis- ,
lead any bidder in regard to the char- %
acter of the material or supplies called
for or who shall knowingly accept ma
terials or supplies of a quality inferior
to that called for by the contract, or
who shall knowingly certify to a great
er amount of labor performed than has
been actually performed, or to the re
ceipt of a greater amount or differentkinds of material or sup'Hes than has
been actually received, siall be deemed
guilty of misfeasance aid shall be re
moved from office.
Pec. 6. All contracts >rovided for in
this Chapter must be n writing and
executed in the name »f the City and
County by the Mayor All such con
tracts' must be count:rsigned by the
Clerk of the Supervisors, and register
ed by number and da c in a book kept
by him for that purple. When a con
tractor falls to enter into the contract
awarded to him or toperform the same,
new bids must be jivited, and a con
tract awarded as provided herein in
the first instance. "Vhen the Supervis
ors believe that th* prices bid are too
hish, or that bidde« have combined to
>nt competition, or that the public
interest will be su 'served thereby, they
may reject any aid all bids and caus»
.■>tice for proposals to be readver
tised.
Sea 6. No cntract for lighting
streets, public buildings, places or of
fices, shall be rtade for a longer period
than one year nor shall any contract
to pay for gas electric light or any il
luminating material at a higher rate
than the minlnum price charged to any
other consuner, be valid. Demands
r^r lighting public buildings shall be
presented ninthly to the board or de
partment islng or having charge
thereof, an 1 6hall specify the amount
of gas, elctrlc light or illuminating
material consumed In such building
during the month.
ARTICLE HI.
FINANCE AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER I.
Levying of Taxes.
SECTION 1. On or before the, first
Mor-day of April in each year the heads
of departments, offices, boards and
missions of the City and County
H shall send to the Supervisors an esti-
ate in writing of the amount of ex
penditure, specifying in detail the ob
;ectß thereof, required in their respec
tive departments, offices, boards and
commissions, including a statement of
the salaries of their subordinates. Du
plicates of these estimates shall be
. sent -at the same time to the Auditor.
Sec. 2. On or b fore the first Monday
„„ of May in each year the Auditor shall
transmit to the Supervisors an estimate
,__• of the probable expenditures of the
City and County government for the
next ensuing fiscal year, stating the
amount required to meet the interest
e and sinking funds for all outstanding
funded debts, and the wants of all the
'■' departments of the municipal govern
■■' ment In detail, and showing specifically
the amount necessary to be apportion
"cd to each fund in the treasury; also
an estimate of the amount of income
„• from fines, licenses and other sources
'"■ of revenue, exclusive of taxes upon
property, and the probable amount re
quired to be levied and raised by taxa
tion.
Sec. 3. The Supervisors shall meet
.. annually between the first- Monday of
May and the first Monday of June, and
by a vote of a majority of all the mem
bers thereof make a budget of the
amounts estimated to be required to
v<.y the expenses of conducting the
public business of the Cit- and County
" for the next ensuing fiscal year. The
budget shall be prepared in such de
tail as to the aggregate sum and the
items thereof allowed to each depart
• ment. office, board or commission, as
• the Supervisors shall deem advisable.
Before finally determining upon the
° budget, the Supervisors shall fix such
. sufficient lme or times as may be
necessary to allow the taxpayers to be
hoard in regard thereto, and the Super
visors shall attend at the time or times
bo appointed for such hearln"
Sec 4. Any item in said budget may.
within ten days, be vetoed In whole or
In part by the Mayor, and it shall re
quire fifteen votes of the Supervisors
'" to overcome such veto. Action tbereon
must be taken before the last Monday j
of June. '
f After the final estimate Is made In
accordance herewith, it shall be signed
by the Mayor and the clerk of the Su
pervisors, and V. several sums shall
*"'then be appropriated for the ensuing
fiscal year to the several purposes and
departments there name". The esti
mate shall be filed in the office of the
Auditor.
• Sec. 5. The Supervisors must cause
to he raised annually according to law,
and collected by tax. the amounts so
appropriated, less the amounts re
ceived from, fines, licenses and other
sources of revenue.
Pec. 6. Except as otherwise pro
vided in this Charter, no money shall
be drawn from the treasury unless in:
consequence of appropriations made
by the Supervisors and upon warrants
duly drawn thereon by the Auditor.
'Pec. T." No warrant shall be drawn
except upon an unexhausted specific
appropriation.
P.er 8. The Super-'^ors maT appro
priate thirty-six thousand dollars a
, ".year for urgent necessities not other
*" tSMsp provided for »>— law. No money
shall be r>pid out of this appropriation
'..-.— tmlAs's authorized by a five-sixths vote
. of all the members of the Board of J
•"" Supervisors and. approved by the j
.: Mayor.
Pen. 9. It shall not be lawful for the j
""* Supervisors, or for any board, depart
• ■•■rrient; officer or authority having power
v to '"incur.* airtfri r!ze or contract liabill
of. t1?,3 agalrlst the treasury, to Incur, au- j
•■'■■ thorl-zt?; allow, contract for, pay or ren- |
I Vtf<rf:p.av4ble In the present or future. In
: any one month, any expenditure, de
. m'and or demands, against any appro
■' priation, which, taken with all other
• expenditures, indebtedness or liability i
'".-•made or incurred up to the time in
.- •puch "month of making or incurring the I
'•■ Fame, shall exceed one-twelfth part of
•o the amount of the appropriation for
• the fiscal 'year.
... When any board, department or offi
. cer having ower to Incur liabilities
' afraitist the treasury shall make any
' • agreement for obtaining supplies or
" having labor performed, such depart
"* ment, officer or board shall register
°guch agreement by number and date,
and. all demands arising under such
•agreement shall be payable In the or
•■•;.<3er-of such registration. Such depart
• • ment, board or officer must Inform the
" person- with whom It is proposed to
"■■ynake'such a-reement of the amount of
• ■.-"money 1 available or likely *r> *.« avail
eb.le y in the fund from which such de
•""•■\jnaifds are payable.
""- '• -If, at the beginning of any month.
'' a ' money remains -unexpended in any
•-—appropriation which might lawfully
.-.' have been expended during the pre
• • ceding month, such unexpended sum
• or sums, except so much thereof as may
" ; be required to pay all unpaid claims
.' • upon «uch appropriation, may be car
" rier! forward and expended in any suc
ceeding month of. such fiscal year; but
.:•• not afterward, except In payment of
■V : " claims; lawfully incurred during such
' ■: fiscal year. • Appropriations provided
"to meet' the expense of elections; for
.the support and' maintenance of the
• ; •A'swssor's and Tax Collector's depart
■ •■'■rWenti?'-' "and "for urgent ■ necessities.
„•". -shall be v exempt from the provisions of
■• • ' Sec:. 10. No contracts mane, the ex
.' -nse '«f whose execution Is not pro
- vided "by law or ordinance to be paid
• .'• M- assessments upon the property ben
' efited shall be binding or of any force.
unless the Auditor shall indorse there
in his certificate that there remains
' unexpended and unapplied as herein
provided, a balance of the appropria
tion or fund applicable thereto, suffl
' clent to pa. the estimated expense of
executing such contract, as certified by
the board or officer making the same.
** This provision shall not apply to work
done, or supplier* furnished. Invoivlne
the expenditure nf »«>«* t -- ',- ' ~
dred and fifty dollars, unless the same
is required by law to be done by con
tract at public letting. The Aud
itor shall make such Indorse
ment upon every such contract so
presented to him, if there remains. un
applied and unexpended such amount
■o specified by the officer making the
contract, and thereafter shall hold and
retain such sum to pay the expense in
curred until the contract shall be fully
Performed. The Auditor shall furnish
weekly to the head of each department
a statement of the unexpended bal
ances of the appropriation for his de
partment.
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon
day of June in each year the Super
visors shall levy the amount of taxes
for City and County purposes required
to be levied upon all property not ex
empt from taxation. The amount shall
be sufficient to provide for the payment
during the fiscal year of all demands
upon the treasury authorized to be paid
out of the same; but such levy, exclu
sive of the State tax and the tax to pay
the interest and maintain the sinking
funds of the bonded indebtedness of the
City and County, and exclusive of the
tax to pay for the maintenance an"d
improvement of the parks, squares and
public grounds of the City and County,
shall not exceed the rate of one dollar
on each one hundred dollars' valuation
of the property assessed. The Super
visors in making the levy shall appor
tion the taxes to the several funds.
Sec. 12. In making the apportion
ment, the Supervisors shall take into
account and apportion to the several
funds the income and revenue esti
mated to arise during the fiscal year
from licenses, fees and other sources;
but the income to pay the Interest on
the bonded indebtedness and provide
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided for out of the tax on property.
Sec. 13. The limitation In section
eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of
taxation shall not apply in case of any
great necessity or emergency. In such
case the limitation may be temporarily
suspended so as to enable the Super
visors to provide for such necessity or
emergency. No increase shall be made
in the rate of taxation authorized to be
levied In any fiscal year, unless such in
crease be authorized by ordinance
passed by the unanimous vote of the
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency shall be recited in
the ordinance authorizing such action,
and be entered in the Journal of the
Board.
Nothing In this section shall author
ize the incurring of liabilities against
the treasury not allowed by law, or
which cannot be paid out of the income
and revenue provided, collected and paid
into the proper fund as its proportion
of the same for such fiscal year, or per
mit liabilities or indebtedness incurred
in any one fiscal year to be a charge
upon or paid out of the income or reve
nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
amount of municipal revenues and pro
vide for the collection thereof. They
shall from time to time provide for the
payment of the interest and principal
of the bonds for which the City and
County is liable.
Sec. 18. The Supervisors shall au
thorize the disbursement of all public
moneys, except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Charter.
Sec. 16. At the close of each fiscal
year, if all demands against each fund
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad
judicated, the Supervisors shall direct
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus
moneys to a fund to be called the
Surplus Fund, except such surplus
moneys as are in the several interest
and sinking funds, In the Common
School Fund, in the Park Fund, the Li
brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund, in the Firemen's Relief and
Pension Fund, and in such other funds
the disposition of whose surplus moneys
is in this Charter otherwise provided
for.
CHAPTER 11. -
The Several Funds.
SECTION 1. The income and revenue
paid into the treasury shall be at once
'■ apportioned' to and kept in separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
i fer money from one fund to another or
ito use the same in payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
! sions of this section shall not apply to
i fees paid into the treasury and placed
temporarily to the credit of the Unap
\ portioned Fee Fund under the provi-
I sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec. 2. The several funds in the
j treasury authorized by law at the time
i this Charter takes effect, or provided
| for by this Charter, shall continue
: therein so long as there shall be occa
i sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
I or which may belong thereto, shall not
i be used for any purpose other than that
; for which the same were raised except
'' as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
j moneys received into the treasury and
i not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund Bhall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
:in this Charter for the maintenance,
i preservation and improvement of the
! parks, squares, avenues and public
1 grounds of the City and County; of all
j moneys accruing from rents of build
i ing-s under the Jurisdiction of the Park
' Commissioners; and of all moneys com
i ing into the hands of said Commission
' ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and im
i provement of the parks, squares, aye
' nues and public grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
i Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance of
I Library and Reading Rooms, and the
purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books therefor.
Sec. 3. The Surplus Fund shall con
sist of the moneys remaining at the end
of any fiscal year in any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valid demands, indebtedness and lia
bilities against said funds incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes . nd in the order follow-
ing:
1. In payment of any final Judgment
against the City and County.
2. In liquidation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any out
standing funded debt of the City and
County.
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used in
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist of:
1. All moneys paid Into court and
deposited with the Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. All moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
wtth the Treasurer.
3. All mon -s deposited with the
i Treasurer on rpecial deposit.
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out In the manner
prescribed by law.
Sec. 5. Except as otherwise provided
in this Charte" any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal yea- in any in
terest and sinking fund or a fundpro
vlded by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common School
Fund, the Park Fund, the Library-
Fund, the Firemen's Relief and Pen-
I sion Fund, Police Relief and Pension
Fund, and the Public Building Fund
shall be carried forward and appor
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing fiscal year.
Sec. 6. Any demand against the
treasury or against any fund thereof
remaining unpaid at the end of the
fiscal year for lack of money applicable
to its payment, may be paid out of any
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
money which may subsequently come
Into the proper fund from delinquent
taxes or other uncollected income or
revenue for such year. Such demands
shall be paid out of .such de....quent
revenue, when collected, in the order
of their registration.
Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
credit of any sinking fund in the treas
ury a sum not less than twenty thou
sand dollars which may be applied to
the redemption of any outstanding
bonds to which such fund *s applicable,
which are not :eueemable before their
maturity, it shall be the duty of the
Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer to ad
vertise for thirty days, inviting pro
posals for the fr.rrender and redemp
tion of the bonds.
After such advertisement the money
in such Sinking Fund, or such portion
thereof as may .be required therefor,
shall be awarded to the person or per
sons offering to 'surrender said bonds
for the lowest price. Upon such award,
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
the amount to the person or persons to
whom the same was awarded. No bid
for the surrender of any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp
tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and Interest of the bonds, calculat
ed with interest, not exceeding four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTER IH.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
SECTION 1. All moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, fines, penalties and
forfeitures, and all moneys which may
be collected or received by any officer of
the City and County or any department
thereof, in his official capacity, for the
performance of any official duty, and
all moneys accruing to the City and
County from any source, and all
moneys directed by law or this Char
ter to be paid or deposited In the
treasury, shall be paid into the treas
ury. All officers or persona collecting
or receiving such moneys must pay the
same into the treasury. No officer or
person other than the Treasurer shall
pay out or disburse such moneys, or
any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim or demand.
Sec. 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive nor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or Indirectly, for
any services performed by them In
their official capacity, nor any fee, pay
ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offi
cial nature, or under color of office,
whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
Sec. 3. Every fee, commission, per
centage, allowance, or other compensa
tion authorized by law to be charged,
received, or collected by any officer for
any official service, must be paid by the
officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
ceive or collect any fee, commission,
percentage, allowance, or compensation
for the performance of any official serv
ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
rendered in any official capacity, or by
reason of any official duty or employ
ment, to deliver the same to the Treas
urer at the expiration of each business
day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
deliver to such officer a receipt for the
money so paid, which shall show the
amount of money received, the day and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
whom the service was performed; and
like entries shall be made upon the stub
of such receipt, which shall be kept by
the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
place all such moneys in a fund to be
designated the "Unapportioned Fee
Fund," which Is hereby created, and
shall keep such fund as other fund? in
the treasury are kept, and shall be lia
ble on his official bond for all money so
received.
Pec. 5. The Auditor or other proper
officer must prepare and deliver from
time to time to the Treasurer, and to
every officer authorized by law to
charge any fee, commission, percent
a.ere, allowance, or compensation, for
the performance of any official service
or duty, as many official receipts as
may be required, charging therewith
the Treasurer or other officer receiving
them. Such official receipts must be
bound into books containing not less
than one hundred such receipts, and
numbered consecutively, beginning
with number one In each class required
for each officer for each fiscal year, and
provided with a stub corresponding in
number with receipt. When the books
containing receipts are exhausted by
the officer receiving them, he shall re
turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
other proper officer, In whose custody
they shall remain thereafter.
Sec. 6. When a receipt as herein
provided Is Issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
ment, the name of the person making
the payment, the amount of such pay
ment, the nature of the service for
which the charge Is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
ficer performing the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt.
Sec. 7. When any receipt Is Issued by
any officer other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the day and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the name
of the person by whom such receipt Is
delivered to him, and shall make corre
sponding entries on the stub to which
such receipt is attached.
Sec. 8. On the first day of each
month the Treasurer must make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all mon
eys received by him during the preced
ing month, showing the date and num
ber of the receipt on which the money
was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by whom paid, the nature of the
service, and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the
service. At the same time, or oftener,
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer shall exhibit to the Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by him during
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining in his hands, unused
or not issued, at the close of business
on the last day of the preceding month.
Sec. 9. On the first day of each
month every officer authorized by law
to charge any fee, commlssio-n, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official receipts issued
by him during the preceding month,
showing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom Issued, the nature of
the service for which the charge was
made, and the amount of such charge;
and must at the same time, or oftener.
If required, exhibit to the Auditor, or
other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
receipts deposited with him during the
preceding month, and all receipts re
maining In his hands, unused or not
issued, at the close of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Sec. io. Upon receiving the reports
prescribed by secticms eight and nine
of this Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
ine and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion such moneys to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
priated by law, and certify such appor
tionment to the Treasurer, who shall
thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
tioned Fee Fund" the amounts so certi
fied, and credit each fund entitled
thereto with the proper amount so ap
portioned.
Sec. 11. Every officer who Is by law
allowed to charge and collect mileage
for the service of process, or other like
service, shall at the end of each month,
prepare and deliver to the Auditor a
statement showing each process served,
the title of the cause, the name of the
deputy or other subordinate, officer who
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled in making such ser
vice, the exact day when such service
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be
verified by the oath of such officer. The
Auditor shall examine such statement,
and Issue his warrant upon the Treas
urer for such amount of money as will
reimburse such officer for his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer,
without further approval, out of the
"Unapportioned Fee Fund." No extra
mileage shall be charged or allowed for
service of two or more processes served
on the same trip by the same deputy
or deputies, except for extra mileage
actually traveled in serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
lowed for any reason shall be appor
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au
thorized to employ a person other than
one of his deputies or assistants at a
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and In pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
case or Instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed in performing
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending of the period during
which such person was so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person so
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allowed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the Auditor without any
previous approval. All demands pay
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out at the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees. In any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board,
department or authority under whom,
or In which, such demand originated.
All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against the City and
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements unon the
same required by this Charter, show:
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2.
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3.
The fiscal year within which the In
debtedness was Incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name ot the specific
fund out of which the. demand is pay
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in
come and revenue provided, collect
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in the treasury for the
fiscal year within which the Indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter II of this Article, and be num
bered with reference to the fund out
of which it is payable.
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with the
co 1 lection, management or dlsburse
rr tof any moneys, bonds, or interest
;>i< ruins therefrom, belonging to or
held in trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereof
to, and make settlement with, the
Treasurer within the time prescribed
by law; or, when no particular time is
specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi
tor, within twenty days ;.fter such
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging
twenty-five per centum damages, and
interest at the rate of ten per centum
per annum from the time of such fail
ure.
A copy of such account in any suit
therein is prlma facie evidence of the
things therein stated. In case the Au
ditor cannot for want of information
state an account, he may in any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac
tions that may be brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTEK- IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presented for pay
ment, properly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if it be a demand
which must be passed and approved by
the Supervisors 05 Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of the proper board held next after the
demand accrued; or, unless the Super
visors shall, within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a'
careful examination of the facts, re
solve that the same is In all respects
Just and legal, and the presentation
of it, as above required, was not in
the power either of the original party
interested or his agent, or the present
holder; In which case they may by or
dinance revive such claim; but it shall
be barred in the same manner unless
presented for payment within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered Invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the fund out of which sub
sequent claims might otherwise be
paid. Such revived claim shall take
rank as of the day of its revival.
ARTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
time of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and hold offico
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand Uollai.-..
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars; an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars.
All of said appointees shall hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
observe the official conduct of all
public officers' and the manner in
which they execute their duties and
fulfill their obligations. The books,
records and official papers of all depart
ments, officers and persons in the em
ploy of the City and County shall at all
times be open to his inspection and. ex
amination. He shall take special care
that the books and records of all de
partments, boards, officers and persons
!are kept in legal and proper form.
When any official defalcation or will- ;
ful neglect of duty or. official mlscon- \
; duct shall come to his knowledge, he ;
I shall suspend the delinquent officer or
I person from office pending an official in
vestigation.
The Mayor shall from time to time
recommend to the proper officers of i
I the different departments such meas- j
I ures as he may deem beneficial to pub
lic Interest. He shall, see that the laws j
of the State and ordinances of the City
and County are observed and enforced.
I He shall have a general supervision
| over all the departments and public
institutions of the City and County,
and see that they are honestly, eco
nomically and lawfully conducted, and
shall have the right to attend the meet-
Ings of any of the Boards provided for
1 In this Charter, and offer suggestions
!at such meetings. He shall take all
proper measures for the preservation
of public order and the suppression of
all riots and tumults, for which pur
pose he may use and command thepo
! lice force. If such police force Is In
sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov
ernor for military aid In the manner
provided by law, so that such riots or
tumults may be promptly and effectu
ally suppressed.
Sec. 3. The Mayor shall see that all
contracts and agreements with the City
and County are faithfully kept and
fully performed. It shall be the duty
of every officer and person in the em
ploy or service of the City and County,
when It shall come to his knowledge
that any contract or agreement with
the City and County, or with any offi
cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
or Is about to be violated by the other
contracting party, forthwith to report
to the Mayor all facts and Information
within his possession concerning such
matter. A willful failure to do so shall
be cause for the removal of such officer
or employee. The Mayor shall give a
certificate on demand to any person
reporting such facts and information
that he has done so, and such certifl
! cate shall be evidence in exoneration
from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ac
tions or proceedings as may be neces
sary to revoke, cancel or annul allfran- j
I chlses that may have been granted by ;
! the City and County to any person, com
pany or corporation which have been
! forfeited in whole or in part or which
! for any reason are illegal and void and ;
I not binding upon the city. The City
Attorney on demand of the Mayor
' must Institute and prosecute the neces
i sary actions to enforce the provisions
of this section.
The Mayor shall have power to post
! pone final action on any franchise that
''■ may be passed by the Supervisors until
such proposed franchise shall be rati
fied or rejected by a majority of the
' votes cast on the question at the next
election.
Sec. 4. The Mayor rhall appoint all
. officers of the City and County whose
J election or appointment Is not other
! wise specially provided for In this
i Charter or by law. When a vacancy
j occurs in any office, and provision is
| not otherwise made in this Charter or
! by law for filling the same, the Mayor
; shall appoint a suitable person to fill
; such vacancy, who shall hold office for
! the remainder of the unexpired term.
Spc. f.. The Mayor shall be President
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
lof his office. He may call extra ses
, sions of the Board and shall commu
nicate to them in writing the objects
I for which they have been convened:
i and their acts at such sessions shall
j be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
Mayor is temporarily unable to per
! form his duties, a member of the Board
j shall be chosen President pro tempore,
who shall act as such Mayor. When a
vacancy occurs in the office of Mayor,
it shall be filled for the unexpired term
i by the Supervisors.
CHAPTER 11.
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and County
shall be designated the Auditor. He
shall be an elector, of the City and
County at the time of his election and
must have been such for at least five
years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon It. He shall be in
personal attendance at his office daily
during office hours. He shall be the
general accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
in his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give Information as to the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties,
as the Board of Supervisors may des
ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shalj
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec. 4. He. shall number and keep an
official record of all demands audited by
him, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,
on what account allowed, against what
appropriation drawn, out of what fund
payable, and, if previously approved
or allowed, by what officer, department
or board it has been so approved or al
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office
for the Auditor to deliver a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have been complied
with.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion or person in any manner indebted
to the City and County, except for
taxes not delinquent, without first de
ducting the amount of any indebted
ness of which he has notice; nor in fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement of public
funds, unless his account has been pre
sented, passed, approved and allowed
as herein required; nor in favor of any
officer who has neglected to make his
official returns or reports in the man
ner and at the time required by law,
ordinance, or the regulations of the Su
pervisors; nor in favor of any officer
who has neglected or refused to
comply with any of the provisions of
law regulating his duties, nor in favor
of any officer or employee for the time
he shall have absented himself without
legal cause from the duties of his office
during office hours. The Auditor must
always examine on oath any person re
ceiving a salary from the City and
County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
presenting for settlement an account or
claim for any cause against the City
and County to be sworn before him
touching such account or claim, and
when so sworn, to answer orally as to
any facts relative to the justice of such
account or claim. Moneys placed in
the Special Deposit Fund shall not be
subject to the provisions of this sec
tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
ditor, must, before it can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether the money is le
gally due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it is pay
able. If he allow it, he shall endorse
upon it the word "Allowed," with the
name of the fund out of which it is
payable, and the date of such allow
ance, and sign his name thereto. No
demand shall be approved, allowed, au
dited or paid unless it specify each spe
cial item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section to
the provisions of this Charter authoriz
ing the same.
Sec 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
ister of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, in whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay
ment thereof, when the liability ac
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
shall not allow any demand out of its
order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe
cific fund, except for the purpose of de
termining its legality.-
CHAPTEE 111.
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Treas
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
Xt the time of his election and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars and
one clerk who shall receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid Into the treasury. He shall not
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit . the
same, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his personal
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and after
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At the close of business each
day he shall take an account of and en
ter in the proper book the exact amount
of money on hand. At the end of every
month he shall make and file with the
Mayor and publish quarterly In the offi
cial newspaper a statement of the con
dltion of the treasury, showing the
amount of receipts Into and pay- ;
ments from the treasury, and
on what account, and out of
what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against ace. rdingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging
to each fund separate and distinct, and
shall in no case pay demands chargea- I
ble against one fund out of moneys be
longing to another. He shall be In per- j
sonal attendance at his office each day :
during office hours. No fees of any i
kind shall be retained by him, but the I
same, from whatsoever source received :
or derived, shall be paid by him into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the |
moneys In the treasury, there shall be j
provided a joint custody safe in which j
shall be kept the moneys of the City j
and County. Said safe shall have two j
combination locks, neither one of j
which alone will open the safe. The
Treasurer shall have the knowledge i
of one combination and the Auditor of :
the other. The Auditor shall be Joint j
custodian with the Treasurer of all ]
funds in the joint custody safe; but i
shall have no control over them except !
to open and close the safe in conjunc- j
tion with the Treasurer, when request- i
ed to do so in his official capacity, and \
shall not be held responsible on his of
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur In the treasury.
The gold shall be kept In bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each,
and the silver In bags containing one ]
thousand dollars each. To each bag i
shall be attached a tag showing the \
nature and amount of coin contained \
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept in the safe a joint
custody book, showing the amount and
description of all funds tn the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall j
make the proper entry in the joint cus- |
tody book and initial the same. If on ]
account of sickness or urgent necessity |
the Auditor '- unavoidably absent the
Deputy Auditor shall perform his du
ties. The estimated amount of money
required daily for the payment of de
mands against the treasury shall be
taken from the joint custody safe and
kept in another safe: and the money
therein shall be bnlnn^ed dally at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasurer, on receiving
any money into the treasury, shall
make out and sign two receipts for the
money. Such receipts shall be alike,
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear the word "Original," and
upon the face of the other shall appear
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts i
shall be numbered and dated, and shall |
specify the amount, on what account j
and from what person or officer re
ceived, and int<~> "•hit fund or on what
account paid. The Treasurer shall en
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a
memorandum of the contents thereof,
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal" to the person or officer paying
such money into the treasury, and j
forthwith deliver the receipt marked |
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall i
write upon Its face the date of its de
livery to him, and charere the Treas- |
urer with the amount specified there- j
in. and file the receipt In his office.
Sec. 5. No demand shall be paid by
the Treasurer unless it specify each
item, date and amount compos
ing it. and refer by title, date and
• section to the law, or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing the
same; but the allowance or approval of
the Auditor, or of the Supervisors, or
of any department, board or officer, of
any demand which is not authorized
by law or this Charter, and which upon
its face appears not to have been ex
pressly made payable nut of the funds
to be charged therewith, shall afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. 6. Elvers lawful demand upon
the treasury, audited and allowed as in
this Charter required, shall in all cases
be paid unnn presentation, if there be
sufficient money in .the treasury ap
plicable to the paymen* -of such de
mand, and on -""-ment canceled with
a punch, cutting the word "Canopied"
therein, and the proper entry thereof
made. If, however, there be not suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall
be registered In a book kept for that
purpose by the Treasurer. Such regis
ter shall show the special number given
by the Supervisors or other authority,
and also by the Auditor to each de
mand presented, also when presented,
the date, amount, name of orisinaT
holder, and on what account allowed
and against what appropriation drawn
and out of what specific fund payable.
All demands shall be paid in the order
of their registration. Each demand
upon being so registered shall be re
turned to the party presenting it, with
the endorserhent of the word "Register
ed," and dated and signed by the
Treasurer; but the registration of any
demand shall not operate to recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any of the provision* of
this Charter.
CHAPTER IV.
The Assessor.
SECTION 1. There shall be an As
sessor of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars: one cashier who 'shall re
ceive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; six assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars; twen
ty-one clerks who shall each receive
an annual salary of twelve hundred
dollars; and during four months of the
year not more than one hundred clerks
who shall each be paid at the rate of
not more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their employ*
ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and In the manner
prescribed by the general laws of the
State.
CHAPTER V.
The Tax Collector.
SECTION L There shall be a Tax
Collector of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be In full compensa
tion for all his services. He may appoint
one chief deputy, who shall receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars, and extra clerks who
shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their em
ployment, but the total amount of
payment for such extra clerks shall
not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
a year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
lect all licenses which may at any time
be required by law or ordinance to be
collected within the City and County.
He shall be charged with all taxes lev
ied upon real and personal property
within the City and County, upon the
final settlement to be made by him ac
cording to law, or this Charter. H«
shall pay Into the treasury, without
any deduction for commissions, fees or
charges of any kind or on any ac
count, the full amount of all taxes, as
sessments and moneys received by him,
and not previously paid over, includ
ing all moneys paid under protest, and
money received for taxes paid more
than once, and for street assessments.
He shall also be charged with, and be
debtor to the City and County for, the
full amount of all taxes due upon th»
delinquent tax list delivered to him for
collection, unless it appear to the satis
faction of the Supervisors expressed by
resolution, that it was out of his power
to collect the same by levy and sale of
property liable to be Beized and sold
therefor.
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
point an attorney to prosecute actions
for the collection of delinquent taxes,
and may agree on paying him as com
pensation therefor a stated percentage
out of the amounts recovered; but such
percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persons
liable to pay licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
he and his deputies shall have the
same powers as police officers In serv
ing: process and In making arrests. He
may demand the exhibition of any
license for the current term from any
person, firm or corporation engaged or
employed In the transaction any
business for -which a license Is re
quired; and if such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may be
revoked forthwith by the Tax Collec
tor.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall from tlm»
to time deliver to the Tax Collector
such City and County licenses as may
be required, and sign the same and
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying In the charge the amounts
thereof named In such licenses respeo
tively and the class of licenses, ana
take receipts therefor, and the Tax
Collector Bhall sign and collect the
same. The Tax Collector shall once In
every month, and oftener when re
quired by the Auditor, make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all
licenses Bold and on hand, and of all
amounts paid to the Treasurer, and
shall also in 'that regard comply with
the regulations which may be pre
scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
of making such report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for all moneys paid into the
treasury.
CHAPTER VI.
The Coroher.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Coro
ner of the City and County, who shall be
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
He shall perform such duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. He
shall have the control and manage
ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt.
Sec. 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a chi f deputy, who shall receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars; a stenographer and
typewriter who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a messenger who shall receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollars.
CHAPTER VII.
The Recorder.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Re
corder of the City and County,
who shall be an elector of the
city and County at the time of
his election and who must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such election. He shall be
elected by the people and hoid office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of thirty-six hundred dol
lars. He may appoint a C,hief Deputy,
who shall receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars. He may also appoint as many
copyists as he may deem necessary,
who shall receive not more than eight
cents for each one hundred words ac
tually written; but no copyist shall be
paid a greater compensator at this
rate than amounts in the aggregate to
one hundred dollars a month.
Sec. 2. The Recorder shall take into
1314
his custody and safely keep all books,
records, maps and papers deposited in
his office. Upon demand and payment
of the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to
any one applying therefor a copy of
any such book, record, map or paper,
certified under the hand and seal of his
office. When any papers are presented
for filing or recording, he or his depu
ties shall write on the margin of each
paper so presented the number of folios,
the amount paxa for recording the
same, and shall number consecutively
all instruments and documents filed in
his office. He shall also perform all
other duties at the time and in the
manner prescribed by the general laws
of the State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Superior Court Judges.
SECTION 1. The Judges of the Su
perior Court of the City an- County
may appoint not to exceed live inter
preters of foreign languages, who shall
act as such interpreters in criminal ac
tions anu proceedings in all the courts
In the City and County, and in exam
inations before Coroner"s juries.
Sec. 2. The stenographers in the
Criminal Departments of the Superior
Court shall each receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred dollars which shall be in full
compensation for all services including
transcription and all stationery used
by them.
CHAPTEB IL
The City Attorney.
SECTION 1. There shall be an Attor
ney and Counselor of the City and
County, who shall be styled City At
torney, and \\uo shall receive an an
nual salary of five thousand dollars.
He shall be elected by the people and
shall hold office for the period of two
years. He must be ~t the time of his
election an elector of the City and
County and qualified to practice in all
the courts of this State, and he must
have been so qualified for at least ten
years next preceding his election, dur
ing five years of which he must have
been an actual resident of the City and
County. He sha.» devote his entire time
and attention to the duties of his office.
Sec. 2. He must prosecute and de
fend for the City and County all ac
tions at law or in equity, and all spe
cial proceedings for or against tl\e City
and County; and whenever any cause
of action at law or in equity or by spe
cial proceedin ■> exists in favor of the
City and County, he shall commence
the same when within his knowledge,
and if not within his knowledge, when
directed to do so by resolution of the
Supervisors. He shall give legal ad
vice, in writing, to all officers, boards
and commissions named in this Char
ter, when requested so to do by them,
or either of them, in writing, upon
questions arising in their separate de
partments involving the rights or lia
bilities of the Cit-- and County. He
shall not settle or dismiss any litiga
tion for or against the City and County
under his control unless upon his writ
ten recommendation he is ordered to
do so b- the Mayor and Supervisors.
Sec. 3. He shall keep on file in his
office all written communications and
opinions given by him to any officer,
board or department; the briefs and
transcripts used in causes wherein he
appears: and hound books of record i
and registry of all actions or proceed- j
ln^s in his charge in which the City j
and County is interested.
Sec. 4. He shrill deliver all books j
and records, reports, documents, pa
pers, statutes, law books and property
of every description in his possession, ;
belonging to his office, or to the City
and County, to his successor in office,
who shall °"ive him duplicate receipts
therefor, one of which he shall file
with the Auditor.
Sec. 5. The City Attorney may ap
point four assistants, the*first of whom
shall receive an annual salary of
thirty-six hundred dollars; the second
an annual salary of three thousand
dollars: the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. He may also appoint
a chief clerk, wh- shall receive an an
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars; an assistant clerk who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars; a stenographer and typewriter
who shall receive an annual salary of
nine hundred dollars; and a messen
ger who shall receive an annual salary
5f nine hundred dollars. An officer of
:he Police Department shall be perma
nently detailed by the Chief of Police
for the purpose of doing the detective
work necessary in preparing and
prosecuting the litigation of the office,
who shalPcontinue to serve on such de
tail duriner the pleasure of the City At
torney. The assistants and the chief
clerk must each, at the? time of his ap
pointment, be qualified to practice in
all th» courts of this State, and must
have been *»n qualified at least two
years next preceding his appointment.
The assistants, clerks, typewriter and
messenger shall be appointed by the
City Attorney, and shall hold their
offices nt his oleasure, and the specific
duties of each shall be prescribed by
him.
CHAPTER 111.
The District Attorney.
SECTION 1. The District Attorney
shall be elected by the people and shall
hold office for two years. He shall be
En elector of the City and County and
must at the time of his- election be
qualified to practice in all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for ut least five years next
preceding his election. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. The District Attorney shall
have all the powers conferred, and
Bhall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the District Attorneys of coun
ties by the general laws of this State,
and in addition thereto shall attend, in
stitute and conduct on behalf of the
people, all prosecutions cognizable in
the Police Court of the City and
County. He shall draw all complaints
and warrants in said Police Court,
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and all actions for the recovery
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures ac
cruing to the City and Counly; deliver
receipts for money or property received
In his official capacity, and file dupli
cates therefor with the County Treas
urer; file with the Auditor on the first
Mondays of January. April, July and
October in each year, an Itemized
statement under oath showing all
moneys received by him In his official
capacity durir- the preceding three
months: keep a register of his official
business In which must be entered a
note of every action, whether criminal
or civil, prosecuted officially by him.
and of the proceedings therein; and
give, when required, without fee, ad
vice to the Board of Police Commis
sioners, the Chief of Police, the Board
of Health and the Coroner, upon mat
ters relating to the duties of their re
spective offices.
Pec. 3. He may appoint seven Assist
ant District Attorneys to aid him in the
discharge of his official duties, three of
whom shall act as prosecutors in the
Superior' Court, and shall each receive
an annual salary of thirty-six hundred
dollars,, and four of whom shall act as
the prosecuting attorneys of the Police
Court, and shall each receive an annual
p«»lary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
When any of the assistants of the Dis
trict Attorney, acting such prosecut
ing attorneys In. the- Police Court
rot actually engaged in work connected
with prosecutions therein, they shall be
.at the nail of the District Attorney for
nny service connected with his depart
ment The assistants must each, at the
time of his appointment, be qualified to
practice in all the courts of this State,
and must have been so qualified for at
least two years next preceding his ap
pointment. The District Attorney may
air** annolnt one chief clerk, who shall
receive an annual salary of • eighteen
hundred dollars; one assistant clerk.
who shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars; and one sten
ographer and typewriter who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney may, In
the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
sales under Judgments for the recovery
of fines, penalties or forfeitures accru
ing to the City and County.
CHAPTER IV.
• The Public Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Publio Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years. He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators of
counties by the general laws of this
State, except as in this Charter other
wise specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by law to the Public Administra
tors of the counties of the State in full
compensation for all his services.
CHAPTEB V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk ehall
be elected by the people and shall hold
office for two years. He shall have all
the powers conferred, and shall dis
charge all the duties imposed upon, the
County Clerks of counties by the gen
eral laws of this State, and in addition
thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
the Police' Court, keep the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all books, papers and
records which may be filed or deposited
in his office pertaining to the Police 1
Court. He shall receive an annual sal
ary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. To aid him in the discharge of
his official duties, the County Clerk
may appoint a Chief Register Clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars; a Cash
ier, who shall receive an annual salary
of eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
Court who shall each receive an an
nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars; five Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; ten As
sistant Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
ists, who shall each receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
four Clerks for the Police Court, who
shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. For copies of papers furnish
ed and certified by him, he shall charge
not more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies,
which are not prepared by him, he
shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
cents, and also forty cents an hour for
the time exceeding one hour necessarily
occupied in comparing such copies. He
must certify all papers presented to
him which are copies of any document,
paper or record, or portions thereof, in
his custody.
CHAPTER VI.
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall be
I elected by the people, and he shall hold
! office for two years. He shall receive
' an annual salary of eight thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa-
I tion for all official services required of
; him by law; but said salary shall be
| exclusive of the compensation received
by him from the State for the delivery
■ of prisoners to the State prisons, and
insane persons to the State asylums for
the insane. He shall have all the pow
; ers conferred, and shall discharge all
the duties imposed upon, the Sheriffs
of counties by the general laws of this
State.
Sec. 2. He may appoint the follow
ing deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively receive the following
I annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one Attorney, eighteen
hundred dollars; one Chief Bookkeeper,
■ eighteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
j Bookkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
| ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol-
I lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred
| dollars; one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail
| Number One, eighteen hundred dollars;
I ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One,
■ twelve hundred dollars; one Superin
| tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two
| and Three, eighteen hundred dollars;
! sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
i Two, six hundred dollars; one Matron
iat Branch Jail Number Three, nine
hundred dollars: six Guards at Branch
Jail Number Three, six hundred dol
i lars; one Commissary to act for all
' jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
! Driver of Van, nine hundred dollars;
jand one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
i Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
services to be performed by his depu
ties.
CHAPTER VII.
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION 1. The Justices of the
Peace shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars,
except the Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred dollars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies.' each of whom shall re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTER VIII.
The Police Court.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
and established in and for the City and
County of San Francisco a Court to be
known as the Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco. Said
Court shall consist of four Judges, who
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. They shall each
receive an annual salary of thirty-six
hundred dollars. They shall be electors
of the City and County at the time of
their election, and must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
such time. No person shall be eligible
to the office of Judge of the Police
Court who is not at the time of his elec
tion qualified to practice in all the
Courts of this State, and who has not
been so qualified for at least five years
next preceding his election. The Court
shall be divided into departments
known as Department Number One,
Department Number Two, Depart
ment Number Three and Department
Number Four. The Judges of such
Court may hold as many sessions of the
Court at the same time as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
be elected at the first election under
this Charter shall so classify them
selves by lot that two of them shall pro
out of office in two years and two of
them in four years.
They shall choose from their numbera
Presiding Judge who shall serve for one
year. The Presiding Judge shall as
sign the Judges to their respective de
partments; but any of the Judges may
preside in any of the departments in
the absence or inability of the Judge
regularly assigned thereto.
The judgments, orders and proceed
ings of any session of the Court held by
any one or more of the Judges shall be
equally effectual as if all the Judges
had presided at such session.
Sec. 2. The Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco shall
have:
First— Exclusive Jurisdiction of all
prosecutions for the violation of or
dinances of the Board of Supervisors.
Second — Concurrent Jurisdiction with
the Superior Coairt of all other misde
meanors and of the examination of all
felonies committed in the City and
County.
Third— Said Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers in
all criminal actions, cases, examina
tions and proceedings as are now or
CHARTER FOR THE CITY A/SD COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings in said Court
shall be conducted in accordance with
the laws ol this State regulating pro
ceedings injustices' and. Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and
said Court or any Judge thereof shall
have the same power in all criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices, of the Peace; provided, that:
First— No case shall be dismissed or
fine imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken.
Second— Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shall lose his
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendant's
attorney shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the District
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on appeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within five
days after the District Attorney shall
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed statement.
Third — Any person who shail solicit
or importune any of said Judges, either
before or after Judgment, to dismiss a
case, cr mitigate a sentence, unless the
same be done in open court, shall be
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth— A complaint may be demur
red to on the ground that It does not
set forth the offense charged with such
particularities of time, place, person
and property as to enable the defend
ant to understand distinctly the char
acter of the offense complained of, and
the complaint may be amended by per
mission of the Court after a demurrer
is sustained.
Fifth— A defendant in custody snail
have the right to be tried before a de
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth— The Judges of said Couat shall
try all cases as speedily as possible,
and must refuse continuances after the
first calling of a case for trial except
upon affidavit showing good cause
therefor. '
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial in the Police Court,
or on appeal from a judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified in the undertaking is in
the City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de-.
mands for which he may become liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
In person or by his Assistants, must be
present at the sessions of the Court and
attend to the prosecution of all cases
coming before it, and make out all
complaints and warrants for the arrest
of persons charged with crime to be
prosecuted in said court.
Sec. 5. The District Attorney shall
appoint a Warrant and Bond Clerk
who shall receive a salary of twenty
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant Warrant and Bond Clerks,
each of whom shall receive a salary of
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No
person shall be appointed a Warrant
and Bond Clerk who is not at the time
of his appointment qualified to practice
in all the Courts of this State. The
Warrant and Bond Clerk shall ke»p his
off ce open continuously night and day
tor the transaction of business; shall
draw complaints in actions in. the Po
lice Court, and approve the same with
his written signature; shall have the
custody of all bail bonds and appeal
bonds taken in the Police Court; shall
examine the sufficiency of every bail
bond and appeal bond taken In the Po
lice Court and make a return thereon,
within forty-eight hours after such
bond shall have come into his posses
sion, in the following form:
"I Warrant and Bond
Clerk of the City and County of San
Francisco, have examined the within
bond and find it good in law. I have
examined the records of the City and
County of San Francisro, and find th»
property, its owners and incumbran^es
herein described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
The Warrant and Bond Clerk shall
endorse upon the bond the time when
it was issued by him. or when it came
into his possession. He may issue hail
bonds and appeal bonds when the lia
bility thereof does not exceed two thou- :
sand dollars, and order the discharge I
from custody of the persons for whom i
the bonds are issued; and he may take
cash bail to the extent in any one case
of one thousand dollars. He mupt ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all
moneys received as bail in the manner
that "the County Clerk is required by
law to account for and pay moneys re
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police
Court shall ever take bail or order the
release of any one charged with an of
fense.
Sec. 6. In the matter of fixing bail
and ordering the release of prisoners
the Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court.
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Sec. 8. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person other than fi Judge of some
Court In the City and County, or other
than said Warrant and Bond Clerk, to
receive ball money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Sec. 9. All demurrers to complaints,
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to the Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting In the De
partment of the Court in which the
case is set for hearing, or heard or
tried.
Sec. 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
be present either in person or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court in the de
partments thereof: call the daily calen
dar of the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases in the
Court and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take notes
of all preliminary examinations made
at the sessions, and transcribe into
type-written Ions: hand all evidence
taken by either of them where tbe par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the name to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. Each of such stenographers
shall be paid for all his services, In
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him. an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
. Sec. 12. The Mayor may in writing ap
point a.ny Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge of the Police Court, or any de
partment thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
act.
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to be made out and delivered to
each of the Clerks of the Court at or
before nine o'clock in the forenoon of
each day a calendar of arrests in
which the oases shall have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
in acoordance-wtth the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state "the
offense charged;" whether the defend
ant is "in custody" or "on bail;" "the
amount of hail;" "whether cash or
bond." and "the name of the arresting
officer."
Sec. 14. The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the sessions of the Police Court
in each department thereof to pre
serve order and execute the orders of
the Court.
Sec. 15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec. 16. No attorney shall appear In
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offences unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law in all the courts of
this State.
Sec 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at the general elec
tion held in the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
Judges provided for in this Chapter;
ana all proceedingspendinginsaid Court
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTER IX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION 1. The Supervisors must
provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
lights, stationery, and all necessary
conveniences, attendants and care,
rooms convenient and accessible to the
judges and officers of the courts and of
the municipal government sufficient for
the use and accommodation of the San
Francisco Law Library, established
under an Act of the Legislature of this
State entitled: "An Act to provide for
increasing the La>v Library of the cor
poration known as the San Francisco
Law Library, and to secure the use of
the same to the Courts held at San
Francisco, the Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
City and County of San Francisco," ap
proved March 9th, 1870. The Supervis
ors must appropriate, allow, and order
paid out of the proper fund such sums
as may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid; and all sums lawfully ap
propriated and expended pursuant
hereto shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, in the
mode prescribed by this Charter for
auditing other demands upon the treas
ury. The County Clerk must pay
monthly to the Treasurer of the San
Francisco Law Library such moneys as
he shall collect under the Act referred
to for the benefit of said Law Library.
ARTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
CHAPTER X.
The Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart
ment of Public Works under the man-
a 6 ement of three Commissioners who
shall constitute the Board of Public
Works, and who shall give all their
time during official business hours to
■ the duties of their office. The members
of said Board shall be appointed by the
Mayor. Of those first appointed he
shall appoint one for one year, one for
two years, and one for three years.
Each year thereafter he shall appoint
for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political
party. No person shall be eligible for
; appointment as such Commissioner un
| less he Is, and has been for at least five
years next preceding his appointment,
an elector of the City and County. Each
of said Commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
appointed under this Charter, one shall
| be designated by the Mayor to serve
las President for on- year. All subse
j quent Presidents of the Board shall be
! elected by the members thereof for
i terms to be fixed by said board. The
President of the Board shall in each
i case hold office until his successor has
I been elected or until his membership
on the Board expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a
'': Secretary who shall receive an annual
| salary of eighteen hundred dollars. Tha
j Board may employ such clerks, super
| intendents, inspectors, engineers, sur
] veyors, deputies, architects and work
! men as shall be necessary to a proper
| discharge of their duties under this Ar
| tide, and fix their compensation; but
no compensation to any of said persons j
sho.ll be greater than is paid in the |
case of similar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all
I necessary rules and regulations for its
government, and for the performance
of its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes;
and shall require adequate bonds from
its officers and employes, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of all
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
shall be approved by the Mayor and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi
tor.
Sec. 5. The Board shall hold regular
meetings at least once each week at a
place and time to be fixed by resolution
entered on Its minutes. No changes in
place or time of regular meetings shall
be made without a resolution passed at
least two weeks before the time the
change is to go into effect. Such spe
cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary after
notice of the same has been posted ten
hours before the' time of holding any
such meeting. All meetings shall be
public. No business shall be transacted
at an adjourned meeting except such as
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration at the meeting from
which the adjournment was had. No
business shall be transacted at a spe
cial meeting except thatwhich Is named
in the notice of said meeting. Special
meetings may be called by any member
of the Board. In every case where a
power is exercised under this Article
by the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The Board shall keep and
preserve a record of all its proceedings,
and copies of all plans, specifications,
reports, contracts, estimates, certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
pertaining to the transactions of the
Board. The Secretary of the Board
shall keep a record of all its transac
tions, specifying therein the names of
the Commissioners present at all the
meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
upon all votes. The Secretary shall
post and publish all orders, resolu
tions and notices as required in this
Chapter or which the Board shall order
to be posted or published. He shall
perform such other duties as may from
time to time be prescribed by the
Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the suc
cessor in office and shall have all tho
powers and perform all the duties of
the Superintendent of Streets, High
ways and Squares, of the New City
Hall Commissioners, and of the Com
missions in existence at the time this
Charter goes into effect. for the open
ing, extending, widening, narrowing,
straightening, closing or changing the
grades of streets in the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 8. The Board shall immediateb
after its organization take possession
and have the custody and control of ah
maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments,
tools, appliances, contract rights, priv
ileges, books, documents and archives
and other property belonging to th»
City and County, or which may be of
value and importance to the City and
County, and heretofore kept by or in
the offices of the City and County Sur
veyor, the Superintendent of Public
Streets, Highways and Squares, the
Board of New City Hall Commission
ers, and all commissions in existence ai
the time this Charter goes into effecv
for the opening, extending, widening,
narrowing, straightening, closing or
changing the grades of streets, and all
otherjbusiness and works pertaining to
any of said offices or commissions.
Sec. 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence and
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
1. Of all public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, courts,
roads, highways and boulevards now
, opened or which may hereafter .be
opened in the City and County; of the
manner of their use; and of all work
done upon, over or under the same; and
herein particularly the Board shall have
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, in conformity with
the ordinances of the Supervisors, for
the moving of buildings through th»»
streets thereof, and the building or
placing of cellars or vaults under the
streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing .areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks, in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraph or tele
phone wires, and wires for electric light
ing and power; the construction of
drains and sewers; the laying down and
taking up of gas, steam and water pipes,
| pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, ana
| sewers and drains, and determining the
! location thereof; the using of the
street or any cordon thereof for the
deposit of building material in front or
a building during its construction or
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
j to the public from the dedication there-
I of to public use; and without such per
j mission in writing from said Eoard no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to gran*
permits for or allow the permanent en
croachment upon any sidewalk of any
structure.
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess
! pools, and of the work pertaining
! thereto or to the drainage of the Cily
and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
all public streets, avenues, alleys,
places, courts, roads, highways and
| boulevards, and the lighting of th*.
■ same and the lighting of the parks,
■ squares and other public places ana
i public buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the public
buildings of the City and County ana
of the appointment of such janitors an<J
employees as are needed for such pur
pose;
5. Of the supervision of any and all
building construction in the City and
County;
6. Of the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various de
partments, including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
the collection and disposal of street
' refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
i designing, construction and mainten
! ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County;
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by tho
City and County, or which may here
after be so owned, controlled or ope
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
company or corporation desires to have
opened or torn up the roadway of any
'■ street, lane, alley, place or court in the
| City and County for any purpose, a
written application shall be made to
! the Board of Public Works for permis
sion to do so. The Board shall there
l upon make an estimate o- the expense
of opening or tearing up such street,
; lane, alley, place or court and of re
1 storing the same to as good a condition
! as it was in before said opening or tear
ing up. Such person, company or cor
poration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with the
Board of Public Works which shaH
! thereupon pay the same into the Gene
; ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
■ open or tear u~ said street, lane, alley,
place or court as in said application re
quested, and shall at the proper time
restore such street, lane, alley, place or
court to as good a condition as it was
in before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts for the doing of sucn work
by the Board may be let by it in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
Board, be done by days' labor.
If the expense of such work has been
! more than the aforesaid estimate, the
! person, company or corporation shall
be indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall con
stitute a lien upon the property of
such person, company or corporation.
i Said lien shall remain In force until
such balance has been paid, or until
the lien shall be legally discharged.
Said lien may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac
cordance with the provisions of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California. If the expense of such
work has been X s than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus shall con
stitute a claim in favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
City and County, and as such shall be
presented, approved and paid as other
claims.
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
estimates required by the Supervisors
in connection with any public improve
ments or utilities, shall be made by the
Board of Public Works and it shall,
when requested to do so, furnish infor
mation and data for the use of the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 11. Said Board shall appoint a
Civil Engineer of not less than five
years' practical experience as such,
who shall be designated the City En
gineer. He shall hold his office at the
i pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and surveying required in the
prosecution of the public works and
improvements done under the direction
and supervision of said Board, and
shall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
directed to do by said Board or by the
Supervisors. He shall possess the same
power in the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun
ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
all plats, surveys and certificates made
by him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect as
are or may be given by law to those
of City Engineers and County Survey
ors. No street assessment shall be val
id without his certificate as to the
quantities and unless it be to the effect
that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business while he is in its
service. He shall receive no com
pensation except his salary. The
Board shall by resolution establish
fees and charges for the services
to be performed by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
porations, and may from time to time
change and adjust the same. Said En
gineer shall require such fees or
charges to be paid in advance for any
official act or service demanded of him
and such moneys thus paid shall be
paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sea 13. The Board shall appoint the
necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
the sole executive control in his own
department, subject to the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Board
Sec. 14. All public work authorized
by the Supervisors to be done under the
supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwisedetermin
ed by the Board of Public Works
be done under written contract, except
in case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically provffled in this
SI 18 ;^ 1 "' t , he follo «ing proceedings
shall be taken In all cases In the matter
of the letting of contracts by said
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for doing any work authorized by
fchis Article, the Board shall cause no
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not lesa than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall invite sealed proposals to be
delivered at a certain day and hour at
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, as may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file In the office of
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec 16. AH proposals shall be made
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or
sham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid. or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding; and has not In any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im
provement, for himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or interlineation, and if any bid shall
have an erasure or Interlineation it
ehall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made in vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of Improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an
amount not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be considered unless
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed In, more than one bid for the same
work. If on the opening of said bids
more than one bid appear in which the
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified in said notice inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids shall be delivered to .the
Board whils it is so In session, and
within the hour named in the adver
tisement. No bid not so delivered to
the Board shall be considered. Each
bid as it shall be received shall be num
bered and marked "Filed" by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within
which the bids will be received, the
Board shall, in open session, open, ex
amine and publicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
the Secretary. Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
to, award the contract to the lowest
bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by
the Secretary of the Board in some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
bids, and must reject the bid of any
party who has been delinquent or un
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth
er than the lowest regular bid; and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
checks corresponding to the bids so re
jected. If all the bids are rejected, the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as in the first in
stance.
The check accompanying the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder falls or refuses to en
ter Into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid, and
the amount therein mentioned, shall be
forfeited to the Cfty and County, and
shall be collected and paid into the
General Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. 18. If at any time It shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded has, in nre
senting any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pose of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded
shall be null and void, and the Board
shall advertise for a new contract for
said work.
Sec. 19. In thie case of Improvement
of streets, the owners of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or. In the case of an
assessment district, the owners of a
major part of the superficial area em
braced in such district, or their agents,
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
whole work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter into a written con
tract therefor within said ten days, or
should they enter Into such contract
and fail to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution of such contract, the Board
shall enter Into a contract with the
original bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fail or refuse for fifteen days after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter Into the contract, the Board
shall again advertise for proposals as
in the first instance.
Sec. 20. If the owners or contractor
who may have entered into any con
tract do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract or
within such further time as is here
inafter provided, the Board may relat
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions in this
Chapter prescribed for the lettine of
the whole. '
Sec. 21. All contracts shall be drawn
under the supervision of the Cltv At
torney, and shall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be done the
manner in which -it shall be executed
and the quality of the material to be
US GO. - . ■ * ■ *-.—-.
_ Every contract entered Into by the
Board shall be signed by all the mem!
bers thereof and by the other contract
ing party. All contracts shall be signed
In triplicate, one of which, with the
specifications and drawings, if "any '
of the^vork to be done,: and the mate
rials > to; be furnished, shall be filed
S^the Clerk ° f ,l he Su Pervisors: one
thereof, with said speciflcations nnd
drawings, shall be ■ kept in ; the office
of the Board, and the other with said
specifications and drawings shall b«
delivered to tie contractor.
At the same, time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shail ex
ecute to the Gty and County and de
liver to the Seretary of the Board a
bond in the sun named in the notice
for proposals, Tith two or mure suffi
cient sureties U be approved by the
Board, or shall ceposit with the Secre
tary a certified .heck upon some so»
vent bank for laid amount, for the
faithful performance of the contract.
No surety on any »ond. other than law
fully authorized surety companies,
shall be taken utless he shall be a
payer of taxes on real property. the
assessed value of which, over and
above all incumbraices, is equal In
amount to his liabilities on all bonds
on which he may be security to the
City and County: aid each surety
shall justify and makt an affidavit (for
which a form shall printed upon
said bond), signed by him, that he \s
assessed upon the kst Assessment
Book of the City and County in his
own name for real property in an
amount greater than his liability on all
bonds on which he is surety to the City
and County, and that 'he taxes on
such property so assessed are not de
linquent.
The contract shall specify the time
within which the work shall be com
menced, and when to be co/npletea. n*
was specified in the notice inviting pro
posals therefor. Upon the recommen
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no event
shall the time for the performance of
said contract be extended by the Su
pervisors more than ninety days be
yond the time originally fixed for its
completion; but, on the unanimous
recommendation of the Board of Public-
Works, a further extension may be
granted by vote of fourteen memocra
of the Board of Supervisors. In case ox
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within the
time fixed in the contract, or within
such extension of said time as is herein
provided, his contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shah not pay or
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by him under said contract;
and, in the case of the improvement of
streets, no assessment shall be made
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work in this Article pro
vided for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of the
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be in accordance with
the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that in no case, except where it
is otherwise provided in this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liabl*
for any portion of the expense, or in
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons or
property assessed.
When said work shall have been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, it shail so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon the
Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTER 11.
Improvement of Streets.
SECTION 1. All streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, shall be deemed and held
to be open pubnc streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts, for the purposes of
this Chapter; and tu-s Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order to ba
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must
in the first instance, except where
otherwise provided in this Article, be
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic Works; and if the expense thereof
is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine that such improve
ment is expedient, it shall so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
by said Board. When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
I cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it shall not be au
thorized except by an or' nance passe^
by the affirmative vote of not less thai£i
fourteen members of the Board of Su
pervisors. If an application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Publio
Works shall not approve of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors its reasons lor such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after s
having obtained from the Board of ,
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said work or improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the making of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Works may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with
•said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and In
such case the Supervisors may order
the same done.
No street work or street Improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all such"
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record in the office of said
Board.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street intersec
tion or -crossing; where the streets do
not intersect each other at right angles,
it shall in each such case determine
■what lots in the blocks adjacent to such
intersection or crossing will Le benefit
ed by said work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall be
delineated the lots so to -be benefited.
Such map shall be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda- I
tion.
Sec. 3. Before recommending to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or Improvement, the expense of which,
or any part thereof, is to be assessed ]
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
its intention to recommend the. same,
specifying the work to be recommend
ed, and shall fix a day "hen it shall
take final action upon said resolution.
Upon the passage thereof the Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith, with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspic
uously for five days in the office of said ■
Secretary, and to be published for a ]
period of ten days (legal holidays ex
cepted) and cause a copy to be deposit
ed in > the Post Office at the City ana
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Book of the City and
County for the next preceding fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement; but if
said lot stand on said book in the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
I°The ce B S Srd shall also cause to be con
snicuously posted along the line o/ said
contennlated improvement, at points
noSe than one hundred feet in dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three in all, of the passage of said reso
lution Each of said notices shall be
headed "Notice of Street .Work" in let
ters of not less than two inches in
length and shall in legible characters
state the . fact of the ; passage of said <
resolution, its r date, and, briefly, the
work or improvement proposed, and re
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars. _
- Sec 4. The owners of a majority or
the frontage of the pror.rty fronting
on said proposed work or Improvement,
and, In case of a district, -hose owningmore than one-half of the superficial
area of tha district* may mat« written
objections to the same with 1 " ten days ,
after the expiration of the tlmo of the
publication of said resolution of Inten
tion, which objections shall be delivered
! to the Secretary of the Bo*rd of Public
Works, .who shall endorse thereon the
date of Its reception by htn. Such ob
jections shall be a bar f»r six months
to any further proceedings in relation
to the doing of said wirk or making
said improvement, unless the owners of
the one-half or more of the frontage or
of the district, as aforesaid, shall
meanwhile petition for the same to be
done, and the same shUl, after the ex
piration of said six ninths, be contin
. ued under the resolitlon of intention
first . passed if said Board shall deem
proper. If, however. , the owners of at
least two-thirds of he property front-
Ing on said propose! work or improve
ment, and, in the case of a district,
those owning at leist two-thirds of the
superficial area v. the district, shall
make written objections to the
same within said six months, no fur
ther proceedings shall be taken under I
the aforesaid resolution of Intention.
When the worK or Improvement pro
posed to be don-» Is the construction" of
sewers, manho'es, culverts or cess
pools, arid the objections thereto are '
signed by the owners of a maiority of I
the frontage or of the district as afore- ;
said, the Board shall, at Its next meet-
Ing, fix a time for hearing said objec
tions, not less than one week there
after. The Secretary shall thereupon
notify the persons making such objec
tions, by positing a notice thereof In
the Post Ornce at the City and County
postage prepaid, and addressed to each
objector or his agent when he appears
for such objector. At the time speci
fied the Board shall hear the objections
urged, and pass upon the same, and its
decision shall be final and conclusive;
and if .-aid objections are overruled the
proceedings shall be continued as
though no objections had been made.
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provid
ed, all owners of lots of land liable to
assessment therein, who, after the first
publication of the aforesaid resolution
of intention, may feel aggrieved, or
who may have objections to any pro
ceedings in relation to the performance
of the work described In said resolu
tion, may file with the Secretary a pe
tition of remonstrance, wherein they
shall state in what respect they feel
aggrieved, or the proceedings to which
they object. Such petition or remon
strance shall be passed upon by the
Board, and its decision thereon shall
be final and conclusive.
Sec 5. When the contemplated work
or improvement In the opinion of the
Board of Public Works is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
recommend to the Supervisors that the
expense of such work or improvement
be made chargeable upon a district,
and said Board shall in Its res
olution of Intention set out the district
benefited by said work or improvement
and to be assessed to pay the expense
thereof. Objections to the extent and
boundaries of the district of land^s to
be benefited by said work or improve
ment may be made by any interested
party, in writing, within ten days af
ter the expiration of the time of pub
lication of the resolution of intention.
The Secretary of the Board shall lay
eaid objections before -it and the Board
shall, at its next meeting, fix a time
for hearing said objections not less
than one week thereafter. The Secre
tary shall thereupon notify the persons
making such objections by depositing
a notice thereof In the Post Office at the
City and County, postage prepaid, ad
dressed to each objector. At the time
specified the Board shall hear the ob
jections urged and pass upon the same,
and if said objections are overruled, its
decision shall be final and conclusive
as to the extent and boundaries of the
district.
If the objections are sustained, the
Board shall proceed to set out another
district to the extent and boundaries
of which objections may be made and
a hearing had thereon as above pro
vided; and so on in like manner until
a district has been set out to the ex
tent and boundaries of which all ob
jections shall be overruled by the Board
— its decision in that behalf to be final
and conclusive; and thereupon the pro
ceedings shall continue the same as if
no objections had been made. In its
report to the Supervisors the Board
shall accompany its report with a dia
gram on which shall be delineated each
F^arate lot, piece or parcel of land,
the area In square feet of each of such
lots, pieces or parcels of land, and the
relative location of the same to the
work or improvement proposed to bo
done within the limits of the district.
Such diagram shall be certified to be
correct by the Secretary of the Board.
Sec 6. When the work under any
contract shall have been completed, the
contractor shall make and file in the
office of the Board of Public Works
an affidavit to the effect that he ha»
not entered into any private agree
ment, verbal or written, with any per
■on liable to be assessed for said work,
or with any one on his behalf, to ac
cept a price from him less than the
price named In said contract, or to
make any rebate or deduction to him
from such price. Any such agreement
shall be deemed a fraud upon all per
sons liable to be assessed for such
•work other than the property owners
■who were parties to the agreement, and
shall make void, as to such persons so
defrauded, any assessment made for
the work done under such contract; and
where there is more than one contractor
each contractor shall make such affi
davit.
Sec 7. When any work In or upon
any public street shall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the
affidavit mentioned in the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
Board shall make an assessment to
cover the sum due for the work per
formed and specified in said contract
(Including all Incidental expenses), in i
conformity with the provisions of this .
Article, according to the nature and
character of the work. The assessment
shall briefly refer to the contract, the
•york contracted for and performed,
Und shall show the amount to be paid
therefor, together with any incidental
expenses, the rate per front foot as
sessed, the amount of each assessment,
the name of the owner of each lot (if
known to the Board, and if not known, .
the word "unknown" shall be written
opposite the number of the lot and the |
amount assessed thereon); the number i !
of each lot assessed, and shall have at
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting I
the street or street crossing on which ;
the work has been done, and showing
the relative location of each distinct |
lot to the work done, numbered to cor- ;
respond with the numbers in the as- •
eessment, and showing the number of }
front feet assessed for said work. A
mistake In the name of the owner shall
not invalidate any assessment. *
When the expense of such work falls '
in part upon any person, company, or '
corporation having railroad tracks 1
upon the street where such work has i
been done, said assessment shall in- <
elude an assessment against said per- I
son, company or corporation, for its i
legal proportion of said expense, and 1
the same shall constitute a lien upon i
the road-bed, rolling stock, franchises l
and other property of such person, 1
company or corporation, for a period t
of two years from the date of record- i
Ing the warrant, assessment and dia- i
gram hereinafter provided for. (
Sec. 8. The expense of all work or i
Improvement done upon any part of i
Bald streets, lanes, alleys, places or <
courts, under the order of the Super- <
visors, shall be borne and paid for as i
follows: i
First.— The City and County shall pay i
out of the General Fund the expense: <
A a. Of all work done on streets, cross- c
Ings and intersections of streets that c
have been or may be accepted by the t
City and County, after the acceptance c
of the same, and all repairs and im- t
provements deemed of urgent necessity t
that may be made upon the public c
streets and highways. f
b. Of all work done in front of, "'■ or £
that may be assessed to* property
owned by the City and County or by
any department thereof.
c Of all work done in front of, or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the United States.
Second. — The expense of all sewers,
cesspools, manholes, culverts and
drains, and of all grading, planking,
macadamizing, paving, piling and cap
ping any street, or portion thereof, and
of all curbs thereon, and of all work
done on sidewalks, shall be assessed
upon the lands within the block or
blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro
vided, except where by an assessment
district it may be provided otherwise.
Third. — The expense of all work on
such portion of any street required by
law to be kept In order by any person,
company, or corporation, having rail
road tracks thereon, Bhall be borne and
paid for by such person, company or
corporation, and shall be Included In
the assessment hereinbefore provided
for.
No assessment shall be levied upon
any property, which, together with all
assessments for street improvements
that may have been levied upon the
same property during the year next
preceding, will amount to a sum great
er than fifty per centum of the value
at which said property was assessed
upon the last • preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Subdivision One — Except
where the expense incurred for the
street work and improvement author
ized herein is to be assessed upon a
district as hereinafter provided, such
expense, other than that to be paid
by a person, company or corporation
having tracks on the street where such
work and improvement has been done,
shall be assessed upon the lots and
I ids fronting thereon, except as here
tfter specifically provided; each lot
portion of a lot being separately as
ised in proportion to the frontage at
•ate per front foot sufficient to cover
> total expense of the work.
Subdivision Two— The expense of all
provement except such as Is done by
ltractors under the provisions of see
n sixteen of this Chapter, until the
eets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
eys, places, or courts are finally ac
jted, as provided in section twenty
e© of this Chapter, shall be assessed
on the lots and lands as provided in
a section according to the nature
i character of the work,
iubdivislon Three— The expense of
the work done on main street cross-
Ings shall be assessed at a uniform
rate per front foot on the quarter
blocks and irregular blocks adjoining
and cornering upon the crossings, and
separately upon the whole of each lot
or portion of a lot having any front
age In the said blocks fronting on said
main streets, half way to the next main
street crossing, and all the way on
said blocks to a boundary line of the
city where no such crossing intervenes,
but only according to its frontage in
said quarter blocks and irregular
Subdivision Four— Where a main
street terminates in another main
street, the expense of the work done
on one-half of the width of the street
opposite the termination shall be as
sessed upon the lots in each of the two
quarter blocks adjoining and corner-
Ing on the same, according to the front
age of such lots on said main street,
and the expense of the other half of the
width of said street upon the lot or lots
fronting on the latter half of the street
at such termination.
Subdivision Five— Where any alley
or subdivision street crosses a main
street, the expense of all work done on
said crossing shall be assessed on all
lots or portions of lots half way on said
alley or subdivision street to the next
crossing or intersection, or to the end
of such alley or .subdivision street if it
does not meet another.
Subdivision Six— The expense of -work
done on alley or subdivision street
crossings shall be assessed upon the
lots fronting upon such alley or subdi
vision streets on each side thereof, in
all directions, half way to the next
street, place, or court, on either side,
respectively, or to the end of such al
ley or subdivision street, if it does not
meet another.
Subdivision Seven— Where a subdivis
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
court, terminates in another street,
avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
expense of the work done on one-half
the width of the subdivision street,
avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
the termination, shall be assessed upon
the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
place, or court so terminating, accord
ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
on each side, respectively, to the next
street, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
place, or the end of such street, avenue,
lane, alley, place, or court, lr it does
not meet another, and the other one
half of the wfdth upon the lots fronting
such termination.
Subdivision Eight— Where any work
mentioned in this Chapter, manholes,
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
and capping excepted, is done on either
or both sides of the center line of any
street for one block or less, and fur
ther work opposite to the work of the
same class already done is ordered to
be done to complete the unimproved
portion of said street, the assessment
to cover the total expense of said work
ordered shall be made upon the lots
t portions of the lots only fronting the
tions of the work so ordered. When
,-ering or resewering is ordered to
dpne under the sidewalk or only on
i side of a street for any length
thereof, the assessment for its expense
shall be made only upon the lots and
lands fronting nearest upon that side,
and for intervening intersections only
upon the two quarter blocks adjoining
and cornering upon that side.
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or
owners of lots or lands fronting upon
any street, the width and grade of
which have been established by the
Supervisors, may perform at his or
their own expense (after obtaining per
mission from the Board of Public Works
so to do. but before said Board has
passed its resolution of intention to
recommend grading inclusive of this)
any grading upon said street, to its
full -width, or to the centre line thereof,
and to its grade as then established,
and thereupon may procure, at his or
their own expense, a certificate from
the City Engineer setting forth the
number of cubic yards of cutting and
filling made by him or them In said
| grading, and the proportions performed
by each owner, and that the same is
done to the established width and grade
of said street, or to the centre line
thereof, and thereafter may file said
certificate in the office of the Board.
Said certificate shall be recorded In a
properly Indexed book kept for that
purpose In the office of the Board.
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
order the grading of said street, or any
portion thereof, on which any grading
certified as aforesaid has been done,
the bids and contract must express the
price by the cubic yard for cutting and
filling In grading, and such owner or
owners, and his or their successors in
interest, shall be entitled tocreditonthe
assessment upon his or their lots and
lands fronting on said street for grad
int? thereof, to the amount of the cu
bic yards of cutting and filling set
forth in his or their said certificate, at
the prices named in the contract for
said cutting and filling; or if the grade
meanwhile has been legally changed,
only for so much of said certified work
as would be required for grading to the
erade as changed. Such owner or
owners shall not be entitled to any
credit that may be in excess of the as
sessments for grading upon the lots
and land owned by him or them, and
TTrnnortionately assessed for the whole
ll TT t °£jd fading. The Board shall In
clude In the assessment for the whole
nf said grading upon the same grade
the number of cubic yards of cutting
and filling set forth In any and all cer
tificates so recorded In his office or for
the whole of said grading to the
changed grade so much of said certi
fied work as would be required for
grading thereto, and shall enter corre- |
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AKD COUNTY OF SA^ FRANCISCO.
sponding credits, deducting the same
as payments upon the amounts assessed
against the lots and lands owned re
spectively by said certified owners and
their successors in interest; but he
shall not include any grading quanti
ties or credit any sums In excess of the
proportionate assessments for the
whole of the grading which are made
upon any lots and lands fronting upon
; said street and belonging to any such j
; certified owners or their successors in j
interest. When any owner or owners
of any lots and lands fronting on any
I street shall have heretofore done, or j
j shall hereafter do any work, except !
| grading, on such street, in front of any ,
| block, at his or their own expense, and (
j the Supervisors shall subsequently or
der any work to be done of the same \
class in front of the same block, the j
work so done at the expense of such
owner or owners shall be excepted i
from the order ordering work to be !
done, as provided in subdivision ten of ■
this section; but the work so done at
the expense of such owner or owners |
shall be upon the official grade, and In i
I condition satisfactory to the Board of I
Public Works at the time said order is '
passed.
Subdivision Ten— The Board of Pub- j
lie Works may include in the resolu- j
tion of intention any of the different j
kinds of work mentioned in this Chap
tor, and It may except therefrom any I
of said work already done upon the :
street to the official grade. The lots |
and portions of lots fronting upon said
accepted work already done shall not I
be included in the frontage assessment ;
for the clasa of work from which the
exception is made; but this shall not j
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions as to grading contained in j
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision Eleven— When the reso- |
lution of intention declares that the I
expense of the work and improvement i
is to be assessed upon a district, im- j
mediately after the contractor has ful- I
filled his contract to the satisfaction |
of the Board of Public Works, or to I
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on j
appeal, the Board of Public Works I
shall proceed to estimate upon the !
lands, lots, or portions of lots within |
said assessment district, as shown by ]
the diagram provided for in section five
of this Chapter, the benefits arising
from such work, and to be received ;
by each such lot, portion of such lot, j
piece or subdivision of land, and
shall thereupon assess upon and j
against said lands in said assessment |
district the total amount of the ex- j
• pense of such proposed work, and in j
so doing shall assess said total sum
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots, |
or portions of lots, and subdivisions of •
land in said district benefited thereby, ;
to wit: Upon each respectively in !
proportion to the estimated benefits j
to be received by each of said several ;
lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided in this Chapter.
Sec. 10. If at any time there shall be
any street work or improvement done, j
and none of the methods hereinbefore j
provided are legally sufficient to au- i
thorize the Board of Public Works to !
make an assessment to pay for the ex- |
pense thereof, then said Board shall, ,
before it passes a resolution of its in
tention to recommend the ordering of ;
said work or improvement, establish
by resolution a method by means of ;
j which such assessment shall be made;
I and on the completion of the work or |
improvement to the satisfaction of said
Board, or to the satisfaction of the i
I Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall j
j make an assessment to pay the ex- j
pense thereof according to the method
established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making all assessments
the Board of Public Works shall act j
as a Board, and the assessment shall ;
be authenticated by the signatures of
all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To said assessment shall be
attached a warrant which shall be
signed by the President of the Board
of Public Works and countersigned by j
the Secretary thereof. Said warrant
shall be substantially in the following ,
form:
By virtue hereof the Board of Pub- j
lie Works of the City and County of
Ban Francisco, by the authority vested
in it, does authorize and empower ;
(name of contractor) (his or their)
I agents, or assigns, to demand and re- i
ceive the several assessments upon the ]
assessment and diagram hereto at- j
tached, and this shall be (his or their)
warrant for the same.
(Date) . (Name of President of ,
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre- |
tary of Board of Public W r orks.)
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram shall be recorded in the office of j
the Board. When so recorded the sev
eral amounts assessed shall b* a lien
upon the lands, lots, or portions of lot
assessed, respectively for the period o
two years from the date of record
ing, unless sooner discharged; and
from and after the date of said record
ire: of any warrant, assessment am
diagram, all persons interested In pai
ausr Ksment shall be deemed to have no
tice of the contents of the record
thereof.
After said warrant, assessment am
diagram are recorded, the same shal
bi delivered to the contractor, or h
agent or assigns, on demand, but no
until after the payment to the Board
of tho incidental expenses not previ
ously paid by the contractor or his as
signs. By virtue of said warrant said
contractor, or his agents or assign
shall be authorized to demand and re
ceive the amount of the several assess
ments made to cover the surr. due for
the work specified in sucn contracts
o.nd assessments.
When it shall appear by the final
judgment of any court in this State
having jurisdiction to render inch judg
ment, that any suit brought to foreclose
the lien of any assessment for street
work made under this Chapter, or in
the recording thereof, has been defeated
by reason of any defect, error, infor
mality, omission, irregularity, or ille
gality, thereof or therein, or in the re
turn on the warrant issued pursuant to
any puch assessment, or in the record
ing of any such warrant, any person in
terested therein may, at any time with
in seven months after the entry of said
final judgment, apply to the Board for
another assessment to be issued in con
formity to law; and the Board shall,
within sixty days after the time of
said application, make and deliver to
said applicant a new assessment; dia
gram and warrant in accordance with
law, and sign, record and authenticate
the same as above provided. Such as
sessment shall be a lien upon the lots
of land set out therein for the period of
two years from the date of its record
ing, and suit may be brought to enforce
said lien as provided in this Chapter.
Should such final Judgment be that at
the Superior Court for the City and
County and an appeal therefrom to the
Supreme Court of the State has been
taken, no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de- i
termined.
Sec. 13. The contractor or his as
signs, or some person on hia or their
behalf, shall call upon the persons as
sessed, or their agents, if they can con
veniently be found, and demand pay
ment of the amount assessed to each.
If any payment be made, the contrac
tor, his assigns, or some person on his
or their behalf, shall receipt the sam
upon the assessment in the presenc
of the person making such paymen
and shall also give a receipt if demand
cd. When the persons so assessed, o
their agents, cannot conveniently b
found or when the owner of the lot i
stated as "unknown" upon the assess
ment, then said contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or thei
behalf, shall publicly demand paymen
on the premises assessed.
The warrant shall be returned to th
Board of Public Works within thirt
days after its date with a return lndors
ed thereon, signed by the contractor o
his assigns, or some person on his o
their behalf, verified upon oath, stat
ing the nature and character of the de
mand, and whether any of the assess
ments remain unpaid In whole or in
part, and the amount : thereof. There
upon the Secretary of the Board ; shall
record the return so made In the mar
gin of the record of the warrant and
assessment. . '•:■:-:
The Board can at any time receive
the amount due upon any assessment
and warrant issued by. it and give a
good and sufficient discharge therefor;
but no such payment so made i after
suit has been commenced shall operate,
without the consent of the plaintiff it»
the action, as a complete discharge of
the liea until the costs in the action
shall be refunded to the plaintiff. .
The Board may release any assess
ment upon the books of its office on
the payment to It of the amount of the
assessment with interest against any
lot or on the production to it of the
receipt of the party or his ! assigns to
whom the assessment and warrant
were Issued. If any contractor shall
fail to return his warrant within the
time and in the form provided in this
section he shall thenceforth have no
lien upon the property assessed; but if
any warrant is lost, upon proof of such
loss a duplicate may be issued, upon
which a return may be made with the
same effect as if the original had been
so returned. After the return of the
assessment and warrant as aforesaid,
all amounts remaining due thereon
shall draw interest at the rate of seven
per centum per annum until paid.
Sec. 14. The owners, whether named
in the assessment or not, the contrac
tor or his assigns, and all other per
sons directly interested in any work
provided for in this Chapter, or In the
assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
act or determination of the Board of
Public Works In relation thereto, or
who claim that the work has not been
performed according to the contract in
a good and substantial manner, or
having or making any objection to the
correctness or legality of the assess
ment or other act, determination, or
proceedings of the Board, shall, within
thirty days after the date of the war
rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
briefly stating their objections In writ
ing and filing the same with the Clerk
of the Supervisors. Notice of the time
and place of the hearing, briefly re
ferring to the work contracted to be
done, or other subject of appeal, and
to the acts, determinations or proceed
ings objected to or complained of, shall
be published for five days. Upon such
appeal the Supervisors may remedy
and correct any error or informality
in the proceedings, and revise and cor
rect any of the acts or determinations
of the Board relative to said work,
may confirm, amend, set aside, alter,
modify or correct the assessment in
such manner as to them shall seem
just; and require the work to be com
pleted according to the directions of
the Supervisors, and may at their op
tion direct the Board of Public "Works
to correct the warrant, assessment or
diagram in any particular, or to make
and issue a new warrant, assessment
and diagram to conform to the deci
sions of the Supervisors in relation
thereto.
All the decisions and determinations
of the Supervisors, upon notice and
hearing as aforesaid, shall be final and
conclusive upon all persons entitled to
appeal under the provisions of this
section as to all errors, informalities
and Irregularities, which the Supervis
ors might have remedied and avoided;
and no assessment shall be held, in
valid, except upon appeal to the Su
pervisors, as provided in this section,
for any error, informality or other
defect under proceedings prior of the
>n, as to all errors, informalities
regularities, which the Supervis
light have remedied and avoided;
no assessment shall be held in
, except upon appeal to the Su
sors, as provided in this section,
any error, informality or other
t in the proceerlings prior to the
assessment, or In the assessment it
self where the Board of Public Works
has acquired jurisdiction to make the
same. -~ : . --i , ,
-■ Sec. 15. At any time after the period
of thirty-five days from the day of the
date of the warrant, or if an appeal
has been taken to the Supervisors, then,
at any time after five days from the
decision of the Supervisors on such ap
peal, or after the return on the war
rant, after the same may have been
corrected, altered or modified, as here
in provided, but not less than within*
thirty-five days from the date of the
warrant, the contractor or his assignee
may sue in his own name the owner or
the mortgagee of the land, lots, or por
tions of lots assessed on the day of
the date of the recording of the war
rant, assessment and diagram, or any
day thereafter during the continuance
of the lien of said assessment, and re
cover the amount of any assessment
remaining unpaid, with interest there
on at the rate of seven per centum per
annum until paid.
In all cases of recovery under the
provisions of this Chapter the plain
tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol
lars in addition to the .taxable costs,
as attorney's fees, but not any percent
age upon said recovery. When suit has
been brought, after a personal demand
has been made and a refusal to pay
such assessment so demanded, the
plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
as attorney's fees in addition to all tax
able costs, notwithstanding that the
suit may be . settled or a tender be
made before a recovery In said action,
and he may have judgment therefor.
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram, with the affidavit of demand and
non-payment, shall be held prima facie
evidence of the regularity and correct
ness of the assessment and of the prior
proceedings and acts of the Board of
Public Works and of the Supervisors
upon which said warrant, assessment
and diagram are based, and like evidence
of the right of the plaintiff to recover in
the action. The Court in which said suit
shall be commenced shall have power
to adjudge and decree a lien against
the lots of land assessed, and to order
such premises to be sold on execution
as In other cases of the sale of real
estate by the process of said Courts.
In all actions brought to enforce the
lien of assessments made pursuant to
the provisions of this Chapter the pro
ceedings therein shall be governed and
regulated by the provisions of thin
Chapter, and, when not in conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State. .'.;;
Sec. 16. When any portion of the
roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al
ley, court or place, or any portion of
any sidewalk, in the City and County,
none of which has been accepted by the
Supervisors as in this Chapter provided,
shall be so out of repair as to endanger
persons or property passing thereon, or
so as to interfere with the public con
venience in the use thereof, the Board
of Public Works shall require the own
ers or occupants of lots or portions of
lots fronting on said portion of said
street, avenue, alley, lane, court or
place, by a notice in writing, to be de
livered to them or their, agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por
tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
court or place, to the center line there
of. In front of the property of which
he Is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
The Board shall particularly specify
in Bald notice what work ia required to
be done and what material shall be
used In said repairs. If said repairs be
not begun within five days after notice
given as aforesaid, and diligently and
without interruption prosecuted to
completion, the Board may make such
repairs, or enter Into a contract with
any suitable person, at the expense of
the owner, tenant, or occupant, after
the specifications, for the doing of said
work : shall have been * conspicuously
posted by it In its office for three days,
Inviting bids for the doing of said work.
Said bids shall be delivered to it at its
office on or before the second day after
the completion of said posting and
opened by It on > the next day follow
ing: whereupon the contract shall be
awarded to the lowest responsible bid
der.
All of said bids shall be preserved In
the office of the Board, and shall: be
open at all times after the letting of
the contract to the inspection of ; all
persons; and such owner, tenant, or oc
cupant, shall be liable to pay said con
tract price. ft- Such work i shall be com
menced within twenty- four hours af
ter the contract shall have been signed,
and completed without delay to the sat- I
isfactton of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
of the Board, it shall make and de
liver to .the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable and Just, and that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
in the last preceding section be notpaid
on demand to the contractor so em
ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, shall have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for in said section Bhall be prima facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
right of the contractor to recover for
the same in such action. Said certifi
cate shall be recorded by the Board of
Public Works in & book kept by it in
the office for that purpose, properly in
dexed, and the sum contracted to be
paid shall be a lien as in case of other
assessments provided for in this chap
ter.
Sec. 18. In addition to the remedies*
above given the Supervisors may pre
scribe the penalties that shall be in
curred by any owner or person ne
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty shall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution in the name of
tht People of the State of California
In the Court having Jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for.
Sec 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
in the. County Recorder's office of the
City and County, to have the legal title
to the land, or the person in possession
of lands, lots, portion of lots or build
ings under claim, or exercising acts of
ownership over the same for himself,
or as executor, administrator or guar
dian of the owner, shall be regarded,
treated and deemed to be the "owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
And in case of property leased, the
possession of the tenant or lessee hold-
Ing and occupying under such persons
shall be deemed to be the possession of
such owners
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
lot of land on which has been imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
or he may discharge any liability im
posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
by law, if legally sold on execution, and
may deduct the amount so paid from
the rents due and to become due from
him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
may retain possession of, said lots un
til the amount so paid and advanced,
with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
from accruing rents or by payment by
the owner.
Sec. 21. The records kept by the
Board of Public Works shall have the
same force and effect as other public
records, and duly certified copies
therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
Said records shall, during all office
hours, be open, free of charge, to the
inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices In writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
one years, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
son making it. Such oath may be
taken before .the Secretary of said
Board or b fore any member thereof.
Sec. 23. When any street or portion
of a street has been or shall hereafter
be fully constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works and of
the Supervisors, and is in good condi
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
and water pipes are properly laid
therein, the same shall be accepted hv
the Supervisors by ordinance; and
thereafter such street or portion of a
street shall be kept in repair and im
pro\ed by the City and County. The
Supervisors shall not accept any por
tion of a street less than the entire
width of the roadway including the
curbing, and one block in length, orone
entire crossing; but they may partly
or conditionally accept any street,with
out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be
then unnecessary. In such case the lots
of land previously or at any time as
sessable for the cost of constructing a
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re
pairs and restoration of the street
damaged in said construction, when
ever the Supervisors shall deem a
sewer to be necessary and shall order
it to be constructed. The Board of
Public Works shall keep in its office a
register of all streets accepted by the
Supervisors under this section, which
register shall be indexed for easy ref
erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public Works
may at any time, without any applica
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving or mac
adamizing of the portion of any street
required by law to be paved or mac
adamized by the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation
the Supervisors shall by ordinance or
der said work to be done and direct said
Board to notify said person, company,
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall
thereupon forthwith in writing notify
said person, company or corporation
of the passage of said ordinance; and
if said person, company or corpora
tion shall not within ten days after re
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall invite sealed proposals for
doing said work in the manner provid
ed in this Article; and all the provis
ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price for
the expense of said work, together
with incidental expenses, in an action
instituted in a Court of competent ju
risdiction. On the trial of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to its satisfaction
shall be prima facie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re
cover in said action.
Sec. 25. Except as otherwise in this
Chapter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for in the roxt preceding sec
tion shall be passcid by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. Wherever in this Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to
include all streets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to public
use, and whose grade and width have
been legally established; and the grade
of all Intermediate or intersecting
streets in any one block shall be deemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word "improvement" shall be
held to Include grading, paving, plank-
Ing, macadamizing, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
drains, sidewalks and curbs.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall In
clude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the As
sessor.
The term "quarter block," as used in
this Chapter as to Irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either intersecting street half way
from such Intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street Inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved 1 shall include any
pavement of stone, Iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
ent shall have transferred to the City
and County all right to the use of the
same therein, with the privilege to any
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under any con
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall include the
price at which the contract was award
ed, and the term "incidental expenses"
shall include all expenses incurred in
printing and advertising the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur
veying, measuring and inspecting the
work.
All notices and resolutions required
in this Article to be published shall be
published dally, legal holidays except
ed, in the official newspaper.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required in
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet in width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published in the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and place at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing it shall determine whether
it will recommend that the street be
closed; and if it shall so determine, It
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
! visors may pass an ordinance that the
i street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be, or be deemed to be, a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or improvement; and the land
theretofore included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands in
the City and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out into blocks or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
when new streets or public grounds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for its approval, and if the Board ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
Indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
1 any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, indorsement
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually in
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as in its
judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
in May of each year, cause to be pub
lished for a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter
ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in
vites proposals for said cleaning and
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately and
for said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter Into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give the preference to
handsweeplng so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping
of the streets and to the funds at its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to time
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board; but when the
expense of the repairs upon any street
or portion of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded in the
manner provided In this Article.
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to time, after it shall have been direct
ed bo to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of
the public streets or for any improve
ment thereof, and such proceedings
shall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
all supplies, material, implements and
machines belonging to the City and
County, to be used in repairing or clean
ing and sprinkling the streets, or for
any improvement thereon. The Board
of Public Works shall appoint a Store
keeper for said Yard, who shall
hold his office during its pleas
ure. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plies, material and implements therein,
and shall keep books of account In
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re
ceipt of sunnlies and material under
any contracts awarded under the pro
visions of the preceding section, and of
the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all times show the amount of said
material and supplies on hand and in
store, and when, to whom, and for
what purpose each article was deliver
ed. He shall be responsible for all ma
terial and supplies in said Yard, and
shall not deliver any article except
upon the written order or requisition
of the President and Secretary of the
Board of Public Works, and he shall
take the written receipt, indorsed upon
said order, of each person to whom
any delivery is made, specifying the
date of such delivery and the amount
and kind of material and supplies de
livered. For any deficiency in his ac
counts or for the delivery of any ar
ticle without such order or requisition
and receipt, he shall be liable upon hia
official bond. All cobblestones, or stone
blocks or other material with which
any street or portion of a street may
have been paved or planked shall, if at
any time removed from said street,
be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
accounted for and disposed of by the
Storekeeper in the same manner as
other 'supplies.
CHAPTER 111.
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
shall be made to the Board of Publio
Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening of
a new street, signed by the
owners of a majority of the
frontage of the lands upon the line
of said street, or proposed street, and
such improvement requires the con
demnation of private property, and the
Board shall by resolution determine
that the improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it shall make an estimate
of the expense of such improvement,
and determine by resolution the district
which will be affected by, and should
be assessed for, the expense of such im
provement. No proceedings shall be
had upon the filing of such petition un
til after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pass an
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec. 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of the
owners of the land within said district
who shall also be the owners of two
thirds of the superficial square feet of
the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value of
said property — including improvements
thereon — estimating said value accord
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said
improvement, verified by their oaths
and describing tha lands of which they
are the owners, and showing the
amount at which the same was as
sessed upon the last preceding Assess
ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
in possession of the lands named in said
petition, the Board shall pass a reso
lution of its intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall In such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such im
provement.
Before passing such resolution of in
tention, the Board shall cause to be
prepared a map or diagram of the dis
trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such improvement, upon
which shall be delineated the several
lots of land upon which said assess
ment is to be tevied, and also the lots
of land which are to be taken for such
improvement, and showing the name of
the person to whom the said lots were
assessed upon the last Assessment Book
of the City and County, together with,
the amounts of such assessments.
Sec. 3. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolution
of intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at the
City and County, addressed to each
person whose name is delineated upon
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objections
thereto.
Sec. 4. At any time before the day
fixed in such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
Secretary of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating the grounds
thereof and the nature of his interest;
and upon the day fixed for hearing the
same, or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be postponed,
the Board shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufficiency of any objec
tions which may have been filed.
Sec. 5. If the Board shall determine
that such objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of the im
provement, it shall pass a resolution to
that effect, and no further proceedings
shall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or if the
Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, it may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in it 9
recommendation shall specially report
to the Supervisors whether in its opin
ion the land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said improvement, and any
objections that may have been filed,
and the Supervisors shall at their first
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon said
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation is rejected no further
action shall be had thereon or upon
said petition. If the Supervisors shall
adopt said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance providing for said improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting ths
assessment and valuation to be made
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and tha
collection of said assessment, in addi
tion to, and not inconsistent with, the
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Cleric
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Publlo
Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the
Board of a certified copy of said ordi
nance the Board shall cause to be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the intended Improvement, showing
its extent in feet and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district determined to be affected by,
and which is to be assessed for, the
cost and expense of said improvement.
After said survey and map are made,
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the in
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public use. as
herein provided, the measure of dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said aDcroDriatlon be
1516
tween the value of said lot In Its en
tirety and its value aa reduced In size
by the appropriation of a part thereof
to said public use. The expense of the
Improvement shall include the value
of the land taken, with the Improve
ments, If any, thereon, and the expanse
of the proceedings for its appropriation
or condemnation.
Sec 8. On the day named In saia
notice and upon such other days as the
matter may be continued to, from time
to time, the Board shall proceed to
value the several parcels of land neo
essary to be taken for the purpose of
the intended improvement. Such value
shall be ascertained as of the time or
Bald inquiry, independently of any ap
preciation or depreciation that may t>e
causMd to the same by reason of : such
intended improvement, and the Board
thall fix such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners therefor.
The Board shall also assess the bene
fits and damages which may result
from the contemplated Improvement
of the lands within said district and
shall distribute the total value of all
the lands and improvements taken, to
gether with the damages, if any,
caused by said improvement to the ad
jacent lands, and the estimated cost
and expense of said improvement In
the form of an assessment upon each
and every lot of land within the dis
trict determined to be affected by said
Improvement in proportion to the ben
efits which the Board shall determine
will be received by said lots and land*.
6ec 8. The meetings of the Board,
when engaged In making said valua
tion and assessment, shall be public
and held at the office of the Board and
all persons Interested In such valua
tion and assessment shall have the
riKht to be present and be heard In
?e«on or by* counsel All Persons
claiming any Interest in the lands to
be taken for said improvement, or that
will be damaged thereby, are required
at or during such hearing, to file with
the Board, plats, and a description of
their respective lots of land.
Sec 10. In making said assessment
and valuation the Commissioners shall
act as a Board, and said assessment
and valuation shall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission
ers and every assessment and valua
tion so authenticated and recorded in
the Book of Assessments for Condem
nation shall be prima facie evidence
of the correctness and regularity of all
the proceedings of said Board and of
the Supervisors prior to the date or
such record.
Sec 11 In determining the valuation
of the property which is taken for said
Improvement the Board shall In its re
port set forth, under appropriate head
ings a brief description of each lot
thereof, the amount allowed for the 1
same, the name of the owner of each j
lot when known (and if unknown, that ,
fact shall be stated), and the name of
any claimant thereto, or to any inter- j
est* therein; and in making the assess- j
ment for the expense of said improve- :
ment the Board shall set forth in the !
assessment, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
assessed, the amount assessed against j
the same, the person to whom said
property was assessed upon the next
preceding Assessment Book of the City
and County, the owner thereof, if
known (and if unknown, that fact shall
be stated), and the total amount of the
expense of said improvement. i
Sec. 12. Upon the completion of said {
valuation and assessment, the Board ;
shall cause to be published for ten days
a notice of the completion of said as-
Bessment and valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same; j
and for that purpose said assessment, !
valuation and map shall be opened j
and exhibited to public inspection at
the office of the Board for thirty days j
after the first publication of said no- j
tice. During said period of thirty |
days, but not thereafter, the Board
may alter, change or modify said as- j
Bessment. Upon the expiration of Bald
thirty days it shall complete the same
In the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken
and the assessment of said value, to
gether with the expense of the im- \
provement, as hereinbefore provided, j
upon the several lots of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re
port and schedule shall, within sixty
days after the first publication of the !
last mentioned notice, be filed in the j
office of the County Clerk, together j
with a petition signed by the President j
of said Board, to the Superior Court, j
praying for a judgment of said Court
confirming the assessment contained ;
therein against the respective lots
therein described as assessed, and for
the condemnation and conveyance to
the City and County, upon the payment |
of the value thereof as ascertained by j
Baid report, of each of the lots of land 1
alleg-ed in said petition to be necessary
to be taken for said improvement.
Sec. 13. On filing such petition, and
upon application to said Court, the
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint
Borne day, not less than ten nor more
than thirty days thereafter, as the
time when any objections to the con
firmation of said report will be heard
by said Court. The Clerk of said Court
shall thereupon cause to be published
for ten days in the official newspaper,
a notice of the filing of said report and
Df the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there
to. Any party interested therein may
at any time before the day assigned for
the hearing thereof file in said Court
his objections in writing to the confirm
ation of the same, specifying his objec
tions; and all objections not specified
ehall be deemed waived. Upon the day
fixed in said order said Court shall pro
ceed to the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation of said report. Upon proof of
publication of said notice said Court
Ehall.ha.ve and take Jurisdiction of said
report and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding; and
upon said day and at any other time
or times to which said hearing may be
adjourned may hear the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, or chanpe, alter or modify the
same, or cause the same to be changed,
altered or modified by said Board. Said
Judgment of confirmation shall be a
Men upon each lot of land described in
Baid report for the amount assessed
igainst the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City and County
of each and every of the lots of land
declared necessary for the purpose of
said improvement, upon the payment of
the value thereof as fixed by such
Judgment. Raid lien shall remain in
f. rce until said assessment is paid or
lesrally discharged.
Sec. 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said
report may appeal from said Judgment
to thr- Supreme Court at any time with
in thirty days after the entry of such
judgment. The amount of the under
taking on sr.oh appoal shall be fixed by
Baid Presiding Judge, and such under
taking shall be made payable to the
City and County. For the purposes of
fluch appeal the judgment roll of the
proceedings in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections. Judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to deter
mine said appeal. If said judgment ba
reversed or modified the Superior Court
shall take such proceedings as will
pause said assessment and valuation
to bo made in accordance with the d«»
cieion of the Supreme Court. The City
Attorney shall act as the attorney for
the Board of Public Works in proceed
ings under this Chapter.
&pc. lf>. After the confirmation of
said report, if the time for appealing
has expired, or if an appeal has been
taken and the judgment appealed from
has been affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
of the Superior Court shall issue a cer
tificate to that effect to said Board;
and said assessment shall then be re
corded in the Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
and the record thereof signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
The Secretary shall then deliver to the
Tax Collector the assessment so con
firmed and recorded, together with said
certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant
to the Tax Collector directing him to
collect the said assessment. The Tax
Collector shall, if any part of said as
sessment is not paid within twenty
days after said assessment, certificate
and warrant shall have been delivered
to him, give notice In the official news
paper by ten days' publication therein
that he will, on a day and time certain,
to be not more than ten days after the
expiration of said publication, sell such
of the lots of land on which the assess
ment thereon remains unpaid, describ
ing each of Bald lots so delinquent, to
gether with the amount of the assess
ment and costs due on each, and shall
Include as part of said costs five per
centum on the amount due on each as
sessment so delinquent, aa and for tie
expenses of said sale. Ha snail there
upon sell such lota pursuant to such
notioe. Redemption may be made from
euch sale within the time and In the
manner and on the terms as on sales
made under execution as provided In
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State. If any amount remain
in the hands of the Tax Collector
as a result of the collection of sold as
sessment beyond thac necessary to
make the compensation provided for In
the next succeeding section, and to pay
the necessary expernste of said sale,
such surplus shall be paid by him pro
portionately to those whoae land has
been sold as aforesaid.
690. 16. Upon the report of the Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that the
amount of said assessment has been
collected and paid Into the treasury,
the Supervisors shall order to be paid
out of the treasury the sums fixed in
said Judgment as the compensation for
the lands to be taken for said improve
ment; and upon the delivery to the
Treasurer by any person entitled to re
ceive compensation for any lot of land
so taken, of a conveyance of said lot
of land to the City and County, ap
proved by the City Attorney, and a
certificate from the City Attorney that
such person is entitled to the compen*
satlon for the lands described in said
conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to
said person the amount awarded for
said lot by said judgment of condemna
tion, after the demand therefor has
been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said
lots or 6Ub-divlsions neglect or refuse
for ten days to make and deliver such
conveyance, or be unable by reason of
incapacity to make a good and suffi
cient conveyance thereof to the City
and County, or If the City Attorney
shall certify that the title to any of
said lots is in dispute or uncertain, or
that there are conflicting claimants to
the amount awarded as compensation
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war
rant upon the treasury for the payment
of the amount so awarded shall be by
order of the Supervisors drawn by the
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer
tificate of the Treasurer indorsed
thereon that the said warrant has been
registered by him and that there ar«»
funds In the treasury set apart to pay
the same, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a
petition to said presiding Judge by the
President of thesaid Board, settingforth
said facts, said Judge shall issue an
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to !
place said Board in the possession of |
said land.
Sec. IS. At any time thereafter any
claimant to said award, or any part i
thereof, may file his petition in said j
Superior Court against all parties In
interest for an adjudication of all con
flicting claims to the same, or for an
order that the same be paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall
be had thereon as may be agreeable
to law and equity. Upon entry of final
Judgment in such proceeding, the
County Clerk shall, after said demand
has been audited by the Auditor, col
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds •
to the person or persons named in said !
Judgment as entitled thereto. It shall i
be provided in said judgment that be
fore receiving the proceeds of said war
rant said party, or some one author
ized in his behalf, shall make and ex
ecute to said City and County and de
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient
conveyance of said lot of land. Im
mediately after taking possession of
the land required for said street, the
Board shall report that fact to the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board
be interested in any of the land to be
taken or assessed for such Improve
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the
purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
tent person to act as one of the Com
missioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided
for said, Commissioners, and who, be
fore entering upon his duties, shall
take the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the
Supervisors.
Sec 20. The Supervisors may, on the
written recommendation of the Board
of Public Works, change the grade of
j any street or street crossing In the
manner and to the grade set out in
such recommendation; but no grada
i shall be changed unless the same pro
! ceedings are taken by way of provid
ing compensation 'to those who may
suffer damage by such change of
grade, so far as such proceedings may
be applicable, as are hereinbefore pro
vided in the matter o' opening,
straightening, widening and extending
streets; and where such proceedings
are not applicable they may be sup
plemented by ordinance of the Super
visors.
CHAPTEB IV.
Sewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public
Works shall devise a general system ■
of drainage, which shall embrace all !
matters relative to the thorough, sys
tematic and effectual drainage of the
City and County, and shall from time ]
to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the I
location, form and material to be used j
in the construction, reconstruction and '
repairing of all public sewers, man- •
holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
other appurtenances belonging to the
drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying into a public
sewer, and determine the place and
manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Board shall recommend
to the Supervisors rules and regula
tions concerning the public and private
sewers and drains in the City and
County, and upon recommendation of
said Board, the Supervisors are author
ized to pass an ordinance establishing
the same and prescribing the penalties
for any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with,
or open or penetrate any, public sewer
or drain without first obtaining a per
mit in writing from said Board, and
complying with the rules and regula
tions of the Board in reference thereto.
Sec. 5. The Board may also recom
\ mend to the Supervisors the construc
tion of such canals, sewers, tunnels,
ditches, drains, embankments, reser
voirs, pumping works, machinery and
other works necessary for the proper
i and effectual drainage of the City and
County, together with plans for con
j nectlng the same with sewers and pri
vate drains already constructed or
thereafter to be constructed.
Sec. 6. The Supervisors may, upon
j the recommendation of the Board of
Public Works, by ordinance passed by
not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
authorize the purchase of any personal
property or the acquisition by purchase
or condemnation of any real estate
which may be necessary for the con-
I structlon of any sewer or the making of
■ ■ any improvement provided for in this
Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
approval of the Supervisors, agree with
■ the owners of any real estate, upon
which it is deemed desirable to con
1 [ struct any sewer or other improvement
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COXTSTT OF SA^ FRANCISCO.
relative to sewerage or drainage* upon
the amount of damage te be paid te
such owners for the purpose ©f such
Improvement and for tie perpetual use
of said real estate for said purpose*
Sec, 8. Th% Board may* when au
thorized by ordinance of the Supervis
ors passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative votes, construct Buch sew
ers, reservoirs and pumping works as
may be necessary to carry out the gen
eral system of sewerage for the City
and County* '??::
Sec 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
Improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri
vate property, and the Board is unable
to agree with the owner thereof, upon
the amount of compensation or dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such
owner is In any way Incapable of mak
ing any agreement In reference thereto,
and in all cases In which the Board
shall deem It most expedient, It shall,
when authorized by the Supervisors ex
pressed by ordinance, have the right to
cause said property to be condemned,
and to institute proceedings for the
condemnation of such property, or for
the ascertainment of such damages in
the manner, so far as may be applica
ble, which Is provided In this Article for
the condemnation of real estate when
neoaisary tot the opening of any new
street. -
CHAPTER V.
Harbor* and Wluurrw.
BBOTION L All the Wharf** Water
Front and Harbor of Ban ITraaoisoo
which now belong or may hereafter be
long to the City and County, or over
which It may at any time lawfully ex
ercise Jurisdiction and control, shall be
under the management and control of
the Supervisors. All Bold wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of
Public Works, after proceedings had
as provided in this Article for the im
provement or repair of public build-
n fee. 2. The Supervisor* shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate the tolls for
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex
cept where the wharves are under the
Jurisdiction of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, or may provide
that no charges, tolls, dockage or
wharfage be imposed or collected. The
Supervisors shall not have power to
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years.
ARTICLE VIL
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBRA
BIE9.
CHAPTEB I.
The Board of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall be under the control and manage
ment of a Board of Education com
posed of four School Directors, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and
who shall give their entire time to the
duties of their office. They shall each
receive an annual salary of three thou
sand dollars. They shall not be less
than thirty years of age and must have
been residents of the City and County
for at least five years prior to their ap
pointment. The Board shall never be
so constituted as to consist of more
than two members of the same politi
cal party. The term of office of the Di
rectors shall be four years. Those first
appointed shall so classify themselves
by lot that they shall respectively go
out of office at the expiration of one,
two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The Board shall organize by
electing one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected. The Board may
elect a Secretary who shall not be a
member of the Board, and who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Board shall meet at least
once a week and at such other times as
it may determine. It shall establish
rules for its proceedings; but the con
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary to transact
business. In every instance where a
power is exercised under this Article by
the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes and entered In
the minutes of the Board.
CHAPTER 1L
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall comprise all the public schools of I
the City and County and shall Include j
primary* and grammar schools and may ',
Include evening, deportment, technical, i
cosmopolitan, high and normal schools. |
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free j
instruction in the evening schools; but
no child under fourteen years of age
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTER IIL
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
conferred by the general laws of the
State, the Board of Education shall
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
schools as provided in this Article, and
to change, modify, consolidate or dis
continue the same as the public wel
fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per
sons as may be necessary to carry into
effect its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries and
compensation, and to withhold for good
and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
■ tion of any person or persons employed
! as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the time of the
adoption of this Charter, or who shall
be hereafter appointed, shall be dis
missed from the department, except
for insubordination, immoral or unpro
fessionnl conduct, or evident unfitness
j for teaching. All promotions of teachers
! shall be based solely on merit and suc
1 cessful teaching. Nothing in this sec
; tion shall be construed to prevent the
1 Board from removing teachers holding
j only special certificates or serving a
! probationary term. Charges against
j teachers must be formally made by the
Superintendent after due investigation,
and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and, for the
causes mentioned in section one, sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re
voke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for the
government and efficiency of the
schools and for carrying into effect
the school system; to remedy truancy:
to compel the attendance at school of
children between the ages of six and
fourteen years who may be found idle
in public places during school hours.
5. To investigate charges against
any person connected with or in the
j employ of the School Department, and
I to take testimony in such lnvestiga
j tions.
6. To receive, to take on lease and to
hold in trust for the City and County
any real estate belonging to or claimed
by the School Department. To hold in
trust all personal property that may
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by tho School Department.
7. On or before the first day in April
in each year, to apnoint School Census
Marshals, and notify the Superintend
ent of Common f-hools of such appoint
ments. Any Census Marshal found in
competent may be discharged by the
Superintendent of Common Schools.
Should the Board fail or neglect tc fill
the vacancy so caused within threedays
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perform the dMties of
Census Marshal, such vacancy may be
flMed by the Superintendent of Com
non Schools.
5. To sue In the nanw of the City and
County for lots, lands and prop6rty.be
longing to or claimed by the School
Department Te prosecute and defenu
all^cWTat law or special proceedings
or suits in equity conceding the.enjoj
ment and possession cf Buch lots, lands
and property; To require the services
of the City Attorney in all actions,
suits and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education. _ th
9. To establish regulations _ for the
disbursement of all moneys belonging
to the Befaool Department or to , the
Common School Fund, and to secure
strict accountability in the expenditure
thereof; to provide for the prompt pay
ment, on not later than the fifth day of
every month, of all salaries due and al
lowed officers, teachers and other em
ployees of the School Department, or
this purpose the Auditor shall annually
segregate so much of the Common
School Fund as shall not exceed twen
ty-eight dollars for each pupil In av
erage dally attendance in the Public
Schools of the City and County during
the preceding fiscal year. The amount
so segregated shall not be applied to the
payment of any demand against such
Common School Fund during any fiscal
year other than for salaries, until all
salaries for that fiscal year have been
fully paid or provided for. The .Board
shall ascertain and transmit to the Au
ditor on or before the first Monday In
April of each year an estimate of the
amount required for such segregation
within such limit ef twenty-eight dol
lars*
10. All demands payable out «C I*}
Common School Fund shall be filed
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed
ucation, and after they hare been ap
proved by the Beard, they shall be
signed by the President of the Board
and the Superintendent and sent to the
Auditor 4 Every demand shall have en
dorsed upon it a certificate, signed by
the Secretary, of its approval by the
Board of Education, showing the
date thereof, and the law authoris
ing It by title, date and section.
Every person In the j employ of
the School . Department entitled to
a salary therefrom shall receive a
warrant for the amount due and ap
proved by the Board, signed -by the
President and Secretary thereof. The
entire monthly salary roll of the De
partment shall be made up by the Sec
retary of the Board, and after being
duly audited by the Finance Committee
thereof and approved. by a majority of
all the members of the Board, shall be
endorsed in the same manner as other
demands. The salary roll so audited,
approved and endorsed, shall be Imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not
later than the third day of every month
for comparison with the Individual sal
ary warrants Issued In the manner
above provided; but payments shall be
made only on the individual warrants
Issued In accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi
ble bidder, for the benefit of the Com
mon School Fund, for a term not ex
ceeding twenty years, any real property
of the School Department not required
I for school purposes; but no lease shall
! be made except after advertisement for
! bids for at least fifteen days In the offi
cial newspaper and by an affirmative
! vote of at least three members of the
; Board approved by an ordinance of the
Supervisors.
12. To receive and manage property
or money acquired by bequest or dona
tion In trust for the benefit of any j
school, educational purpose or school |
library; to carry into effect the terms j
of any bequest not in conflict with the I
general laws or this Charter; and to sell
such personal property as shall no
longer be required for use in the j
schools. All moneys realized by such j
sales shall be at once paid into the I
treasury to the credit of the Common
School Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be- |
fore the first day of May, make a list of j
supplies estimated to be required by the
School Department for the ensuing fls- !
cal year, stating In clear and explicit
terms the quantity and kind of articles j
needed and how and when they shall be j
delivered, and shall invite proposals for 1
furnishing the same by advertising
therefor for at least ten days In the
official newspaper.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of propo- j
sals, the awarding of contracts and the j
security for the performance thereof,
shall, so far as the same can be made
applicable, apply to all proposals and
contracts made, awarded or entered j
Into for furnishing supplies to the
School Department. Any contract made
In violation of any provision of this
Article shall be void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each
year, transmit to the Supervisors a re
port in writing for the preceding fiscal
year, stating the number of schools j
within its jurisdiction, the length of
time they have been kept open, the
number of pupils taueht In each school,
the average daily attendance of pu
pils In all the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
ers, the dates of their appointments
and the character of the certificates
held by them, the amount of money
drawn from the treasury by the De
partment during the year, distinguish
ing the State fund from all others, the
purpose for which su<?h money has been
expended, with particulars, and such
other information as may be required
by the State Superintendent, the Super
visors or the Mayor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between the
first and twenty-first days of May of
each year, adopt a schedule of salaries
for the next ensuing fiscal year for
teachers and all employees of the
School Department.
CHAPTER IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of
Common Schools of the City and Coun
ty shall be by virtue of his office a
member of the Board of Education,
without the right to vote. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2. The Superintendent shall ap
point four Deputy Superintendents.
The number of such deputies shall not
be increased until the average daily at
tendance shall have reached forty-five
thousand, when the Superintendent
shall appoint one additional deputy,
and thereafter he shall appoint one
deputy for each additional eight
thousand children in average daily
attendance. If from any cause a
vacancy occurs in the office of Deputy
Superintendent, such vacancy shall be
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
tendents first appointed, the Superin
tendent shall appoint two for two
years and two for four years. All
Deputy Superintendents subsequently
appointed shall hold office for four
years.
Sec. 4. Such deputies must have had
at least ten years' successful experi
ence as teachers, and shall have been
residents of the City and County at
least five years preceding their ap
pointment.
Sec. 5. In addition to the duties im
posed by the general laws of the State,
it shall be the duty of tfye Superin
tendent:
1. To observe and enforce all rules
and regulations of the Board of Educa
tion and to see that no religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed
in the schools.
2. To report to the Board of Educa
tion annually, on or before the twen
tieth day of August, and at such other
times as the Board may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
progress of the public schools of the
City and County during the fiscal year,
with such recommendations as he may
deem proper.
3. To inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhouses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such measures as
he may deem necessary for the ad
vancement of education in the City and
County, and for the care and improve-
ment of the property of the School De-
partment.
4. To visit and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing afid classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion of
pupils from grade to grade, from
school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
b. To recommend t© the Board the
courses of studies j the text-books and
books for supplementary use in the
public schools and the purchase of such
apparatus, books, stationery and other
class-room supplies as may be required
in the schools.
6. To report to the Board once a
month upon the standing of schools ex
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec 6. The Superintendent and his
deputies shall constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power:
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
which will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for
six years, which shall auAorize the
holder to teach any primary, gram
mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, valid for six years, which shall
authorise the holder to teach any
primary or grammar school In the City
and County.
0. A City certificate, primary grade,
valid for two years, which shall au
thorise the holder to teach any primary
Bchool In the City and County. They
shall report the result of the examina
tion to the Board of Education, and
the Board shall thereupon Issue to the
successful candidates the certificates
te which they shall be entitled.
B. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such
special studies as may be authorised by
the Board of Education.
3. For Immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity, Intemperance, or
evident unfltnese for teaching, to
recommend to the Board of Education
the revocation of any certificates pre
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
City certificates and the renewal
thereof, In the manner provided for the
granting and renewal of County cer
tificates by County Boards of Educa
tion In section seventeen hundred and
■eventy-flve of the Polltloal Cod*
CHAPTEB V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or before the first Monday of
April In each year, report to the Super
visors an estimate of the amount which
shall be required during the ensuing
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
the current annual expenses of public
Instruction In the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup
plies to be furnished pupils, Including
text books for Indigent children; for
purchasing and procuring sites; for
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
ing and repairing buildings; for the
support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the sal
ary of the School Directors, Superinten
dent, Deputy Superintendents, and all
other persons employed In the School
Department, and for other expenditures
necessary for the administration of the
Public School System; but the aggre
gate amount so reported for any one
year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
pil, who in the fiscal year immediately
prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate In the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
and in the manner of levying and col
lecting other city and county taxes
shall levy and cause to be collected for
the Common School Fund a tax which,
added to the regular revenue derived
from other sources, shall produce an
amount of money which shall not ex
ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
for each pupil in attendance during the
preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
and reported by t':e Board of Educa
tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
or great calamity, such as disaster from
fire, riot, earthquake or public enemy,
the Board of Education may, with the
approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
incur extraordinary expenditures In ex
cess of the annual limit provided for in
this Charter, for the repair and con
struction and furnishing of school
houses in place of those so injured or
destroyed. The Supervisors may, by
ordinance, cause to be transferred to
the Common School Fund, from moneys
in any fund not otherwise appropriated,
sufficient money to liquidate such ex
penditures, and provide for the same in
the next tax levy of the City and Coun
ty. '
CHAPTEB VL
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. When any locality In
the City and County Is unprovided
with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of
class rooms needed, the location of the
proposed school house, the date on
which it should be completed, the
amount of monfy in the School Fund
available for the purpose, and such
other information as will enable the
Board of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of
Education, they shall be endorsed
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
without delay to have such school
house constructed and completed in ac
cordance therewith.
When such school house is complet
ed, the Board of Public Works shall
notify the Board of Education to ex
amine the same, and if it has been
built in accordance with the plans and
specifications and within the estimated
cost thereof, the Board of Education
shall accept and take possession of it.
Sec. 2. When an- school house, build
ing, fence or other property belonging
to, or connected with, or under the
control of, the Board of Education,
needs repairing, altering or improv
ing, the Board sfcall notify the
Board of Public Works, specifying
in general terms the work to be
done. The Board of Public Works
shall cause the same to bo done forth
with, if the cost thereof shall not ex
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars;
otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications and
estimates of cost to the Board of Edu
cation for its approval, and if approved
as provided in section one of this Chap
ter, the Board of Public Works shall
cause the same to be done, and if done
in accordance with the plans and speci
fications, and within such estimate, the
same shall be accepted and shall b«
paid for out of the Common School
Fund.
Sec. 3. When it is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
shall not exceed the market value of
adjacent property of equal size and
similarly situated. Any school build
ing hereafter constructed shall have a
clear space of at least ten feet around
the same.
CHAPTER VII.
Public Library and Beading Rooms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, who shall be a member of the Board
by virtue of his office. The Board of
Trustees of said Library and Reading
Rooms in office at the time this Char
ter shall take effect shall continue to
constitute the Board ef Trustees of
said Public Library and Reading
Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
be filled by said Board; None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
tion for His services.
Sec 2. The Supervisors shall, for
the purpose of maintaining such
Library and Reading Rooms and
such branches thereof as the Board of
Library Trustees may from time to
time establish, and for purchasing
books, journals and periodicals, and for
purchasing or leasing real and personal
property, and for constructing such
buildings as may be necessary, an
nually levy a tax on all property in
the City and County not exempt from
taxation which shall not be less than
one and one-half cents nor more than
two and one-half cents upon each one
hundred dollars assessed valuation of
said property. The proceeds of said
tax shall be credited to the Library
Fund.
Sec. 3. All revenue from such tax,
together with all money or property
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
otherwise, for the purpose of the Li
brary, shall be paid into the treasury
and be designated as the Library
Fund and be applied to the purposes
herein authorized. If such payment
into the treasury should be inconsistent
with the conditions oi* terms of any
such gift, devise or bequest, the Board
shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Llbrnrv
and Reading Rooms, in accordance with
the terms and conditions of such gift,
devise or bequest.
Pea 4. The title to all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of
the Library and Reading Rooms, when
not inconsistent with the terms of Kb
acquisition, shall vest in the City and
County, and In the name of the City
and County may be sued for and de
fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 6. The Board shall take charge
of the Public Library and Reading
Rooms, and thp brunches thereof, and
of all real and personal property there
unto belonging, or that may be ac
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise
or otherwise, when not inconsistent
with the terms and conditions of the
gift, devise or bequest It shall meet
for business purposes at least once a
month, and at such other times as it
may appoint In a place to be provided
for the purpose. A majority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one pf Its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
hie successor is elected, and shall elect
a Librarian and Secretary and such as
sistants as may be necessary. The
Secretary shall keep a full account of
all property, money, receipts and ex
penditures and a record of all its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vote
of all Its members to be recorded in its
minutes with the ayes and noes, shall
have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary for
the administration, government and
protection of the Library and Reading
Rooms and branches thereof, and all
property belonging thereto, or that
may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust declared
or created for such Library and Read-
Ing Rooms and branches thereof, and
provide memorial tablets and niches to
perpetuate the memory of those per
sons who may make valuable donations
thereto.
3. To define the powers and pre
scribe the duties of all officers; deter
mine the number of and elect all nec
essary subordinate officers and assist
ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purchase books, journals, pub
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing: and pay
ment upon vouchers, certified by the
President and Secretary, of money
from the Library Fund for any liability
or authorized expenditure.
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
and Secretary and their assistants;
and, with the approval of the Super
visors, expressed by ordinance, to erect
and equip such building or buildings,
room or rooms, as may be necessary
for the Library and Reading Rooms
and branches thereof.
7. To establish such branches of the
Library and Reading Rooms as the
growth of the City and County may
from time to time demand.
Sec. 8. The Supervisors shall have
power to appropriate and authorize
the use, either in whoje or in part, of
any real estate belonging to the City
and Co-unty, for the purpose of erect
ing and maintaining a building or
buildings thereon to be used for the
Library and Reading Rooms, or
branches thereof, and may appropriate
the whole or any portion of any public
building belonging to the City and
County for such use.
ARTICIiE VIII.
POLICE DEPABTMENT.
CHAPTEB L
Organization.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police
Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes a3 shall be necessary to carry
Into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
shall be a citizen of the United States,
of good character for honesty and so
briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his appointment.
Every appointee to the Department
shall not be less tnan twenty-one nor
more than thirty-five years of age,
must possess the physical qualifications
required for recruits of the United
States Army, and before his appoint
ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by
the Board of Police Commissioners.
In making appointments of members
of the Department, the Board shall
never regard the political or religious
preferences or affiliations of any can
didate.
CHAPTER 11.
Police Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner
who shall not have been an elector of
the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration
of one, two. three and four years
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Police
Commissioners holding office in the
City and County at the time this
Charter shall go into effect by virtue of
appointment under any statute or law
of this State.
Sec. 4. The Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of their
number President, who shall hold such
office for one year. The Board shall
appoint a Secretary, who shall receive
an annual salary of fifteen hundred
dollars. The sessions of the Board
shall be fublic, except that executive
sessions may be held whenever deemed
proper by .he Board. The Board shall
meet at least once- a week in the rooms
of the Police Department, or In case of
public emergency at such place as the
Board may leleot The Secretary must
keep minute of its proceedings: and
in every eas* where a power is exer
cised by the Board under this Article
the ayes and noes thereon shall be en
tered therein.
OHAPTBB IH.
Powers of the Board.
SECTION 1. The Board of Police
Commissioners saall have power;
1. To appoint.'promote, suspend, dis
rate or dismiss aty member of the De
partment in the manner hereinafter
provided. * , ',
2. To prescribe riles and regulations
for the government, discipline, equip
ment and uniform of the Department,
and from time to time to alter or re
peal the same, and to prescribe penal
ties for the violators of any of such
rules and regulations. All such rules
and regulations must be reasonable.
3. To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage in the sale of Liquor
In less quantity than one quart, and to
grant permits to any person engaged in
the business of selling liquor to b«
drunk on the premises, and to revoke
any such permit when it shall appear
to the Board that th« business of the
person to whom suoh permit was given
Is conducted la * disorderly or im
proper manner. Without such permit
bone of such persons shall engage in
the business of selling liquor. If the
Board refuse to grant such permit, or
propose to revoke any permit that baa
been granted, the person who is re
fused such permit or whose permit it is
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
be heard before the Board In person,
or through counsel, and to have, free
of charge, all reasonable facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not be
granted for more than three months at
one time, and they shall distinctly state
the name of the person to whom the
same is given, and the description of
the premises where such business Is to
bo carried on. Such permits shall at all
times be subject to Inspection by any
member of the Department Com
plaints to revoke permits granted by
the Board must be in writing, signed
by the person making the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Board!
and a copy thereof certified by the
Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint
4. At its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
to appoint, and at pleasure to remove,
special police officers. Such officers
shall be subject to all the rules and
regulations of the Board. ■
5 To provide for the care, restitu
tion or sale at annual public auction of
all unclaimed property that may come
into the possession of the Property
Clerk, and to direct the destruction of
such property as shall consist of Im
plements, weapons, property or any
other article, matter or thing used in
the commission of crime.
6 To appoint Police Matrons for the
care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules and regulations for the gov
ernment of the same. .
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annual salary of fif
teen hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The President may convene
the Board for special meetings. The
Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
cial custodian of all records and official
documents of the Board.
CHAPTER IV.
The Chief of Police.
SECTION 1. The Chief of Police shall
be appointed by the Board of Police
Commissioners and hold office for
the term of four years. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thou
sand dollars. He shall have control,
management and direction of all mem
bers of the Department In the lawful
exercise of- his functions, with full
power to detail any of them to such
public service as he may direct, and
with like power to suspend temporarily
any member of the Department. In all
cases of such suspension, he shall im
mediately report the same to the Board
with the reasons therefor In writing.
He shall maintain and enforce law ana
rigid discipline so as to secure com
plete efficiency of the Department. Ha
shall, subject to the directions and Or
ders of the Commissioners, have con
trol of such of the prison* of the City
and County as are not. by the general
law under the control of the Sheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
public peace, or organized resistance
against the laws or public authority,
the Chief of Police shall, In the lawful
exercise of his functions, have all the
powers that are now or may be con
ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
State.
Sec. 8. The Chief of Police shall be
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He shall be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see that the orders and process
issued by the Police Court and such
other orders and process as may be
placed In his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
powers connected with his office as
may be provided for In the general
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners.
Sec. 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office in which he shall have
the Statutes of this State and of the
United States, and all necessary works
on criminal law. In case of his tempo
rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
for that purpose, shall be in attendance
at all hours Of the day and night; and
in such case he shall make known to
such member of the Department where
he can be found.
Sec. 5. The Chief of Police shall de
tail one or more of the members of the
Department to attend constantly on the
Police Court and to execute its oraei*.
and process. He shall detail at nia
pleasure members of the Department to
act as his Chief Clerk, Assistant Clerks,
Prison Keepers, and Property Clerk.
Said Chief Clerk and said Property
Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may from
time to time disburse such sums for
contingent expenses of the Department,
as in his judgment. shall be for the best
Interest of the City and County to be
paid out of the contingent fund allowed
the Department. The aggregate of all
such sums shall not in any one fiscal
year exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars. Provision shall be made^by the
Supervisors for such contingent fund in
the annual tax levy. The Commission
ers shall allow and order paid out of
such contingent fund as contingent ex
penses of the Police Department upon
orders signed by the Chief of Police,
such amounts as may be required pos
" Sec 7 The Chief of Police shall pos
sess powers of general police inspection,
supervision and control over all pawn
brokers, peddlers, junk-shop keepers,
dealers In second-hand merchandise,
auctioneers and Intelligence office keep,
ers All persons engaged in said call-
Ings must first procure permits from the
Commissioners. In the exercise of such
nower the Chief * may by authority , in
writing from time to « time empower
members of the Police Department,
when in search of property feloniously
obtained or in search of suspected of
fenders or in search of evidence to con
vict any person charged with crime, to
examine the books and the premises of
any such person. ■"■ Any such member of
the Police Department, when thereunto
empowered in ■ writing by the Chief o|k
Police, may examine property : alleged "
to have been pawned, pledged, deposit
ed, lost, strayed or stolen. ' j
CHAPTEB V.
Subordinate Officers.
SECTION 1. Subordinate officer! otthe Police Department shrll consist of ''
Ins, who shall eaal receive an
»•':';. salary of twenty- our hundred
Lieutenants, wiu shall each
■ an annual salary of sixteen
hundred and eighty dolltra; Sergeants,
lall each receive a* annual salary !
hundred dollas; and Corpor- j
als. who shall each receive an annual
salary of fourteen hurried and four
dollars.
Sec. 2. There shall be one Captain
for each one hundre* police officers.
The duties of Captains shall be denned
by the rul< s and regulations of the
Commissioners and v y the orders of the
..f Police.
Sec. 3. There sha:. be one Lieutenant
for every fifty police officers. The dv
•:" the Lieutenants shall be defined
by the rules an.' regulations of the
nissioners, ly the orders of the
Chief of I'ulico. and by the orders of
their n s] tptains.
Si :. 4. There -hall be as many Ser
ts as In the Judgment of the Com
miss: ■ be advisable, not to ex
ceed • Lnt for every ten police
officers. The dutiea of Sergeants shall
be defined by -he rules and regulations
of the Commissioners,- the orders of the
Chief of Police, and the orders of their
respective Ctptalna and Lieutenants.
See. 5. Thi re shall be as many Cor
porais as In the Judgment of the Com
missioners nay be advisable. The dv-
Cor] orala shall be defined b - the
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners the orders of the Chief of Po
lice, and the orders of their respective
tins Lieutenants and Sergeants.
6. The Chief of Police may detail
for detective duties such members of
the Dei artmeat as he may select, not
to exce <1 twenty-five. He shall desig
nate fi Captain of Police to act as Cap
irer the officers so detailed who
•?reive an annual salary of three
and dollars. Such Captain shall
rank as Captain of Detectives, and his
a shall be defined by the Commls
s and by the Chief of Police. The
• • :nbers so detailed shall be known
Bnd ranked as Detective Sergreants.
Kaoh of said Detective Sergeants shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time from such detail by
the Chief of Police. Their duties shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, by the orders of
the Chief of Police! and by the orders
of the Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTER VI.
Police Officers.
SECTION 1. The Police Force of the
City and County shall not exceed one
Police Officer for each five hundred in
habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
receive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred and twenty-four dollars.
Sec. 2. Every Police Officer shall,
upon the arrest of any person charged
with the commission of crime, search
the person of such offender, and take
from him all property and weapons,
and forthwith deliver the same to the
prison keeper, who must deliver the
same to the Property Clerk, to be kept
by him until other disposition be made
thereof according to law.
Sec. 3. Police Officers shall be health
officers by virtue of their office.
CHAPTER VII.
Promotions, Suspensions, Dismissals
and Disratements.
SECTION 1. All promotiona In the
Department shall be from the next
lo'.ver rank, seniority of service and
meritorious public service being con
sidered.
Sec. 2. Any member of the Depart
ment guilty of any offense, or violation
of rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to be fixed by the Commission
ers, or by dismissal from the Depart
ment; but no fine shall ever be imposed
at any one time for any offense ex
ceeding one month's salary.
Sec. 3. No member of the Department
shall be subject to dismissal for any
■'fiu.«e. or to punishment for any breach
I ity or misconduct therein, except
after a fair and impartial trial before
the Commissioners upon a verified com
plaint filed with the Board setting forth
SficaJly the acts complained of. and
after such reasonable no-tice to him of
the time ar.'l place of hearing as the
Board may by rule prescribe. The ac
cused shall be entitled upon such hear
ting to appear personally and by coun
"■el; to have a public trial: and to se
cure and enforce free of expense to him
the attendance of all witnesses neces
sary for his defense.
CHAPTER VIII.
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
SECTION 1. All property or money
taken under suspicion of having been
stolen ot feloniously obtained, the re
sult of crime or constituting the pro
ceeds of crime, and all property or
money taken from intoxicated or in
sane persons, or other persons incapa
ble of taking care of themselves, or
property or money lost or abandoned
. that may in any way come into the
possession or custody of any member
of the Department, or of any Criminal
Court or Judge of the City and
County, shall be delivered to the Prop
erty Clerk, who shall enter in a Record
800-k, to be kept by him for that pur
pose, a full and explicit description of
the same, together with the name of
the person or persons from whom re
ceived, the names of any claimants
thereto, the time of the seizure, and the
final disposition thereof.
See. 2. When property or money taken
from any person arrested, or otherwise
under suspicion of having been feloni
ously obtained, or of being the proceeds
of crime, is brought with the claimant
thereof and the person arrested, before
a court for examination and adjudica
tion, and the Court shall adjudge that
the person arrested is innocent of the
offense alleged, and that the property
or money belongs to him. it shall or
der such property or money returned
to the accused, and the Property Clerk
I shall thereupon deliver such property
or money to him personally, but not to
his attorney or agent. If upon such
hearing the accused shall be held for
trial or examination, such property or
rn«neV shall remain in the custody of
the Property Clerk until the discharge
or conviction of the person accused.
Sec. 3. All unclaimed property and
money that has been in the custody of
fhe Property Clerk for one year shall
be sold at public auction, after having
been five times advertised in the official
newspaper: and the proceeds of such
sale shall be paid into the treasury to
the credit of the Police Relief and Pen-
Flon Fund. In no case shall such prop
erty be sold or disposed of until the ne
cessity for the use thereof as evidence
h.ne censed. The proceeds of property
taken from insane persons shall not
be'-orne part of such Fund until after
the expiration of three years from the
Mine the same is paid into the treasury:
but the Commissioners and the Chief
of Police shall, during such period,
make diligent inquiry to ascertain the
person or persons to whom the same
should by right be payable.
Sec. 4. Tf any property or money In
the custody of the Property Clerk be re
quired as evidence in any Court, It
?hall be delivered to any ofß«er who
Bhall present an order In writing to
that effect from Buch Court, and the
Clerks of such Court shall be responsi
ble for the safe delivery. of such prop
erty or money to the Property Clerk.
Pec. 5. All valuables and money In
the custody of the Property Clerk shall
be deposited by him for safe keeping
tvith the Treasurer in such manner and
subject to such rules and regulations
as may be prescribed by the Board.
CHAPTER IX.
Present Police Force.
SECTION 1. All members of the
present Police Force In good standing
n the Department at the time this
Charter goes into effect, and the Park
Police, shall continue therein without
ainoh?,^ ' examlnatlon ; but all new
aftPr/M entß and all promotions made
Rh«m hlB Charter shall go into effect
Ar!iJl o« subject to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
'■'» CHAPTEB X. '
Police Relief and Pension Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue in '
rorce and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of the Police
force,f orce, a Fund is hereby created to be j
known and designated as the Police
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board :
of Police Commissioners and its sue- I
cessors in .office shall constitute a
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com- ;
rnissioners may, by a unanimous vote..,;
retire and relieve from service any ;
aged, infirm or disabled member of the
Department who has arrived at the |
age of eixty-flve years, and who, upon I
an examination by two regularly cer
tlfloted practicing physicians appointed
by the Commissioners for that pur- ]
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea
son of such age, infirmity or other dis
ability, unfit for the performance of his
duties. Such retired member shall re
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Department for twenty
years continuously next preceding his
retirement, and the same shall cease at
his death.
Sec. 3. Any member of the Depart
ment who shall become physically dis
abled by reason of any bodily injury
received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice, the Captain of the Company to
which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
County recommending his retirement
upon a pension on account of such dis
ability, may be retired from the De
partment upon an annual pension
equal to one-half the amount of salary
attached to the rank which he may
have held three years prior to the date
of such retirement, to be paid to him
during his life and to cease at his
death. In case his disability shall cease
his pension shall cease, and he shall be
restored to the service in the rank he
j occupied at the time of his retirement.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund,
provide for the family of any officer,
member or employe of the Department
who may be killed while in the per
formance of his duty, as follows:
i First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she may
remain unmarried be paid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary
attached to the rank held by the de
cedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
'. such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
1 the youngest attains the age of sixteen
• years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
; but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death,
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its ne
cessity.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen
sion as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con
victed of felony, shall become dissi
i pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall
become a non-resident of this State,
shall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. When any member of the De
partment shall, after ten years* service,
die from natural causes, then his wid
ow, and if there be no widow, then his
children, or if there be no widow or
children, then his mother if dependent
upon him for support, shall be entitled
to a sum equal to the amount retained
by the Treasurer from the pay of sucß
■ deceased member and paid into the Re
: lief and Pension Fund; but the provi
'■ sions of this section shall not apply to
any member of the Department who
shall have received any pension under
j the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
i rules and regulations to carry out the
I provisions of this Chapter and to en-
I force compliance therewith on the part
!of the members of the Department. It
! shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
. mands on the Police Relief and Pension
: Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and
1 certify the same to the Supervisors in
i connection with and as a part of the
i annual appropriation for the Police
Department.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, on
notice to the Chief of Police, reward
any member of the Department for
conduct which Is heroic or meritorious.
The form or the amount of such reward
shall be discretionary with the Board;
but It shall not exceed in any one In
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of Its
President It shall issue warrants,
signed by Its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
: amount of money ordered paid to such
persons from the Relief and Pension
Fund. Each warrant shall state for
what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund
Commissioners shall keep a public rec
ord of Its proceeding*. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
' printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief and Pension
Fund, stating the amounts of such
payments, and for what granted. Such
list shall be certified and signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board.
: The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as The Police Relief and Pension Fund
Book. All warrants signed by the
i President and Secretary of the Board
shall be presented to the Auditor, and
be audited and ordered paid by him
; out of said Fund.
Sec. 10. The Board of Police Pension
! Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested In the Board of Police
' Commissioners to make rules and
I regulations for Its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary, and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all
Its necessary expenses, not exceeding
fifty dollars for any one month, Includ
ing the salary of the Secretary and
printing. No compensation shall be
paid to any member of the Board for
any duty required or performed as Po
lice Relief and Pension Fund Commis
sioner.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall annu
| ally, when the tax levy Is made, direct
\ the payment Into the aforesaid Fund of
the following moneys:
1. Not less than five nor more than
ten per centum of all moneys collected
and received from licenses for the
keeping of places where spirituous,
malt or other Intoxicating liquors are
sold.
2. One-half of all moneys received
from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3. All moneys received from fines
imposed upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
rules or regulations thereof.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
property.
5. Not less than one-fourth nor mor*
than one-half of all moneys received
from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil
! Hard hall keepers, dealers in second
'• hand merchandise, and from Junk
stores.
6. All moneys received from fines for
i carrying concealed weapon*.
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AXD COUNTY OF SA^ FRANCISCO.
7. Twenty-five per centum of all fines
collected in money for violation of any
I ordinance.
S. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as shall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
Force two dollars a month, which shah
I be forthwith paid Into the Police Reliel
1 and Pension Fund. No other or further
retention o^ reduction shall be made
i from such pay for any other fund or
1 purpose unless the same Is herein au
'• thorized.
Sec. 12. When a request Is made for
regular policemen to be detailed at any
place of amusement or entertainment,
; ball, party or picnic, the party or per
! son making such request shall first de
■ posit two dollars and fifty cents for
J each man so detailed with the Property
! Clerk of the Department; who shall
! give him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Poiice Re
> lief and* Pension Fur.d.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
each year, or as soon" thereafter as
practicable, the Auditor shall make a
; report to the Supervisors of all moneys
I paid out of such Fund during the pre
; vious year, and of the amount then to
i the credit of such Fund. The surplus
j then remaining in such Fund exceeding
! the average annual amount paid out of
■ such Fund during the three years next
j preceding shall be transferred to and
'■ become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
1 shall be no longer under the control of
I the Board, or subject to Its order. Pay
'< ments provided for In this Chapter
! shall be made quarterly upon proper
I vouchers. When In any one year a de
i flciency shall exist in such Fund, such
I deficiency shall be provided for and
i made good by the Supervisors in their
| next ensuing tax levy.
ARTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization and Powers.
SECTION 1. The Fire Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Fire Commissioners consist
ing of four members, who shall be ap
pointed by the' Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary
of twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed a Fire Commission
er who shall not have been an elector
of the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as icr consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respective
ly go out of office at the expiration of
one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Fire Commis
sioners holding office in the City and
County at the time this Charter shall
go into effect by virtue of appointment
under any statute or law of this State.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President who shall hold office for one
year. The Board may appoint a Secre
tary who shall perform such duties as
the Board may prescribe. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of twenty-four
hundred dollars. The Board shall meet
at least once a week, and as often as
the business of the Department may
require, and all its meetings shall be
public.
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
Department, create and establish such
fire companies as it may deem neces
sary, prescribe the number and duties
of the officers, members and employees
of the Department, and the uniforms
and badges to be worn by them; have
control of all the property and equip
ments of the Department, and exercise
full power and authority over all ap
propriations made for the use of the
Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to pobl
tions in the Department must be citi
zens of the United States, not less than
twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
years of age, of good character for
honesty and sobriety, able to read and
write the English language, residents
of the City and County at least five
yparp next preceding the date of their
appointment, must pass a. medical ex
amination under such rules and regu
lations as may be prescribed by the
Commissioners, and upon such exam
ination be found in sound bodily health.
Sec. 7. No officer, member or employee
of the Department shall be appointed,
transferred, or removed because of his
political opinions, nor shall he be
transferred or dismissed except for
cause, nor until after a trial before the
See. 8. The Commissioners shall see
that the officers, members and em
ployees of the Department faithfully
discharge their duties, and that the
laws, ordinances and regulations per
taining to the Department are carried
Into effect. The Board shall make such
rules and regulations as may be neces
sary to secure discipline and efficiency
in the Department, and for any viola
tion of such rules and regulations may
Impose reasonable fines upon the of
ficers, members and .employees of the
Department, or may suspend any of
them for such reasonable time as the
Board may by rule prescribe. Such
fines shall be deducted from the month
ly warrants of the officers, members
and employees upon whom they are
Imposed, and shall be transferred by
the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief
and Pension Fund.
Sec. 9. The Clerk and Commissary of
the Fire Department Corporation
Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
stores of the Fire Department except
upon an order signed by the Chief En
gineer and the Secretary of the Com
missioners; but during a conflagration,
such material or apparatus as may be
required for the purpose of extinguish
ing such conflagration may be with
drawn from said Corporation Yards by
order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
officer in charge of the force of the
Department at such conflagration.
Sec. 10. No member or employee of
the Fire Department shall be engaged
In any other employment.
CHAPTER IL
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
to reorganize the Fire Department In
conformity with the provisions of this
Charter. In so doing the Board sh^ll
! make its appointments of officers and
] members from the persons constituting
| the force in the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
Into effect. Such officers and members
shall not be required to pass any Civil
Servloe examination. All future ap
pointments and promotions shall be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion is made In the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but In case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappolnted without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank In which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial.
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses in his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public.
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
injuries received while Jn the actual
performance of bis duty therein so as.
to incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during the continuance of
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully
performed, and shall, upon the award
ing of any such contract, exact an ade
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of pro
posals, the "aw rding of contracts
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered into for furnishing supplies to
the Fire Department. Any contract
made in violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void.
CHAPTER ITL
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi
neer, who shall be charged with the
special duty of superintending the ex
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive offi
cer of the Fire Department, and it shall
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules
and regulations in force in the City and
County, or made by the Commissioners
concerning the Fire Department, are
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus
pend any subordinate officer, member
or employee of the Department for in
competency, or for any violation of the
rules and regulations of the Fire De
partment, and shall forthwith report in
writing such suspension, with his rea
sons therefor, to the Commissioners for
their action. He shall diligently ob
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department and
report in writing thereon at least ones
a month to the Board and make such
recommendations and suggestions re
specting the same as he may .deem
proper. In the absence or Inability ot
the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, in his
absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers,
or. In their absence, any Battalion Chief
in charge may, during a conflagration,
cause to be cut down or otherwise re
moved any buildings or structures for
the purpose of checking the progress of
such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION 1. Each Steam Fire En
gine Company shall be composed of not
more than one Captain, one Lieutenant,
one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Each Hook and Ladder Compan>
shall be composed of not more than on»
Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver,
one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall
be composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and
one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall b»
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one
Assistant Engineer, two Firemen, one
Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V.
Fire Marshal.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners, on the written recom
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under
writers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco,
may appoint 6uch persons as may be
recommended by said Board of Di
rectors as Fire Marshal and Assistant
Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring In
the office of Fire Marshal or Assistant
Fire Marshal shall be filled in the same
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar
shal and of his assistant and deputies
shall be fixed and paid by said Board of
Directors of said Underwriters' Fire
Patrol of San Francisco, and in no
event shall the City and County be
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, in case
of his disability, the Assistant Fire
Marshal shall attend all fires which
may occur In the City and County,
and he shall take charge of and protect
all property which may be imperiled
thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire for the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and In case the owner
or claimant of such property does not
take charge of the same within twenty
four hours, the Fire Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all
laws and ordinances relating to the
storage, sale and use of oils, combus
tible materials and explosives, together
with the investigation of the cause of
all fires. In all cases where there is
reason to believe that fires are the re
sult of crime or that crime has been
committed In connection therewith, the
Fire Marshal must report the same in
writing to the District Attorney. The
Fire Marshal shall also have the care
of, and may sell, subject to the orders
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no
owner can be found, and at once pay
the amount realized from any such sale
into the treasury. He shall exercise
the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 5. The Fire Marshal shall have
power to appoint deputies for inspect
ing buildings, but such deputies shall
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County.
CHAPTER VI.
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer. As
sistant Chief Engineers, Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shall con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power £o Inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to the safety
of buildings and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Relief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
In force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a- Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for the purposes set out in this
Chapter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners nky, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged, infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age, Infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and the same
shall cease at his death.
Sec. 4. Any member of the Fire De
: partment who shall become physically
i disabled by reason of any bodily mi
i jury received Jn the performance of his
' duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of the
■ Fire Department, the Captain of the
; Company to which he belongs, and by
! two regularly certificated' physicians of
the City and County, recommending his
retirement upon a pension onaccount of
such disability, may be retired from
the Department upon an annual pen
sion equal to one-half the -mount of
salary attached to the rank which he
may have held three years prior to
the date of such retirement, to be paid
to him during his life and to cease at
his death. In case his disability shall
cease his pension shall cease, and he
! shail be restored to the service in the
rank he occupied at the time of his re
! tirement.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while
in the performance of his duty:
First— Should the decedent be mar.
' Tied, his widow shall as long as she
i may remain unmarried, be paid a
i monthly p .ision equal to one-half of
the salary attached to the rank held by
the decedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
! such children shall collectively receive
1 a pension equal to one-half the salary
I attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
S the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
i ing solely upon him for support, such
i parents, so depending, shall collectively
i receive a pension equal to one-half the
! salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death
during such time as the Commissioners
■ may unanimously determine Its neces-
s ity.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen-
I slon from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
! who shall be convicted of felony, or
who shall become dissipated, an habit
ual drunkard, or who shall become a
non-resident of this State, shall for
feit all rifrht to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
! provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
i mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as part of the an
1 nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment.
Sec. 8. The Board of Fire Pension
| Fund Commissioners shall hold quar-
t erly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of Its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by Its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
such persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment Is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
iof its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed by the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
i The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. All
warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of the Board shall be pre
j sented to the Auditor, and be audited
' and ordered paid by him out of said
I Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested In the Board of Fire
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for Its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary and provide for
the payment from rfald Fund of all Its
necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
dollars for any one month, Including
the s.ilary of the Secretary and print-
Ing; but no compensation shall be paid
to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed as Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner.
CHAPTER VIII.
Salaries.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars; Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun
dred dollars; Superintendent of En
gines, eighteen hundred do-llars; the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers, each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers, Stokers, Tillermen. Truckmen,
Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year at
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars: Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars; Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred do-llars; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars; Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTEB IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There Is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems and shall be under the control of
a Joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems in working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or in
strument-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sole
control over Its own systems and wires.
Sec. 6. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors; but no connection
shall be made so as to Interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. The Department of Electri
city is also charged with the duty of en
forcing ail the rules, regulations, or
ders apd requirements made by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the inspection and supervision of elec
trical wires and appliances, and the
currents for furnishing light, heat or
power in and upon streets and build
ings In the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De
partment of Public Health under the
management of a Board of Health. The
Board shall consist of Beven members,
five of whom shall be appointed by the
Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer
tificated physicians of the City and
County at the time of their appoint
ment, and who must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
their appointment. The Chief of Police
and the President of the Board of Pub
lic Works shall be members of - the
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve
without compensation. They shall
elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations
as may be necessary for the govern
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first appointed under this
Charter shall so classify themselves by
lot that one of them shall go out of of
fice at the end of one year, one at the
end of two years, one at the end of
three years, and two at the end of four
years.
Sec. 3. The Board shall have the
management and control of the City
and County Hospitals, Almshouses.
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
tals, Receiving Hospitals, and of all
matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the lives
and health of the inhabitants of the
City and County; and it may determine
the nature and character of nuisances
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal Institutions of the City
and County, Including jails, school
houses and all public buildings; of th»
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided In Article 11,
Chapter 111. of this Charter, it shall
have exclusive control and disposition
of all expenditures necessary in the in
stitutions under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all
ordinances, rules and regulations which
may be adopted by the Supervisors for
the carrying out and enforcement of a
good sanitary condition In the City and
County; for the protection of the public
health; for determining the nature and
character of nuisances and for their
abatement; and for securing the proper
registration of births, deaths and other
statistical information. It shall from
time to time submit to the Supervisors
a draft of such ordinances, rules and
regulations as It may deem necessary
to. promote the objects mentioned in
this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees as may
be necessary for the proper and ef
ficient carrying out and enforcement of
the purposes and duties of the Board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
their duties. All appointments In the
Department Bhall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char
ter, and no person so appointed by the
Poard shall be removed without cause.
Sec. 6. The Board may appoint p
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who
must have been a resident of the City
and County for at least five years next
preceding his appointment. He shall
devote his time exclusively to the du
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
no compensation for their services, but
who shall have the privilege of teach
ing students In their hospital wards.
Any student who is actively engaged in
the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical Instruction In any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward in the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed inebri
ates.
Sec. 9. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other internes to
the City and County Hospital as It may
deem necessary. They shall be ap
pointed after a competltve examination
by the Board In any or all branches of
medicine and surgery, and shall receive
board and lodging free for their .ser
vices. They shall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
neglect of duty, or for other grood and
sufficient cause, subject to an appeal
to-, and final decision by, said BoaxdL
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
ployees of the Board. Such compensa
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services In private institutions
of like character.
Sec. 11. The ratio of employees to In
mates of any Institution under the care
of the Board shall not exceed that
maintained by private Institutions of
like character.
ARTICLE XI.
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS.
CHAPTER I.
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
ment and control of the registration of
voters, and of the holding: of elections,
and of all matters pertaining: to elec
tions In the City and County, shall be
vested exclusively In and exercised by
a. Board of Election Commissioners, i
consisting of five members, who shall
be appointed by the* Mayor, and shall
hold office for four years. Each of the
Commissioners shall receive an annual j
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
member of the Board must be an elec
tor of the City and County at the time
of his appointment and must have
been such for five years next preceding
such time. Those first appointed must.
Immediately after their appointment, so
classify, themselves by lot. that one
shall go out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
at the end of three years, and two at
the end of four years. ,
The Mayor shall not make any. ap
pointment upon the Board at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
when such appointee Is to .take office.
Two of the five members first appoint
ed shall be chosen from each of the. two
political parties casting in the City and
County the highest vote for Governor
or Electors of President and • Vice
President, as the case may be, at the
last preceding general election. The
fifth member shall be chosen from the
political party casting the third highest
such vote at such election. If there be
such third party, and if not. then nt
the discretion of the Mayor. Upon the
expiration of the term of office of any
Commissioner, the appointee must be
chosen from the same political party as
the retiring Commissioner, consistently
with the foregoing provisions as to
equal representation at all times of the
two political parties casting the high
est vote at the general election last pre
ceding the appointment In question as
prescribed In this section. ;: \
See. 2. No member of the "Board, nor
"Registrar, nor Deputy Registrar, shall,
during 1 his term of office, be a member
of any convention the purpose of -which
is ; to nominate "candidates ' for office:
nor be eligible to > any other municipal
office durlnsr, the term ; for which he
shall have" been appointed, or for one
year thereafter: * nor act as officer of
any ? election -or primary election : nor
take part In any election except to
vote and when acting 1 as Election Com
missioner, at which time he shall per
form • only such \ official : duties as may
he required of him by law and by this
Charter. -' : :
Sec. 3. The
ganlze within ten days after their ap
pointment by choosing one of their
number President. In case of failure
to agree, he shall be selected by lot.
He shall hold office for one year and
until his successor la chosen. The
Board shall appoint a Registrar of
Voters who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
The Registrar shall be the Secretary of
the Board, and shall keep a record of
Its proceedings, and shall execute all
orders and enforce all rules and regula
tion adopted by the Board. The term
of office pt the Registrar shall be four
years.
Sec. 4. The Board may appoint such
other clerical assistants as may be ne
cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a month each for the
time actually employed. The Board
shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate the
service to be rendered by such as
sistants and the time for which they
shall be employed. The time of em
ployment of such assistants shall not
be extended except by like resolution of
the Board, and -when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section Is subject to the
provisions of Article XIII of this
Charter.
Pec. r>. All provisions of the general
laws of this State respecting elections
shall be applicable to all elections held
in the' City and County of San Fran
cisco. All provisions of the general laws
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such
registration in the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must provide for precinct registration
so far as it can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPTER 11.
Municipal Elections.
SECTION 1. There shall be held In
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and in every second year there
after, an election to be known as the
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected
by the electors of the City and Count?
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder, City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerks Sheriff, Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
each of whom shall be elected for four
years. The Superintendent of Public
Schools shall be electf-i for four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of the City
and County of San Francisco who shall
be elected in the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, under
existing laws, except the Superin
tendent of Publio Schools and the Jus
tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January In
the year nineteen hundred.
Sec. 3. The officers first elected as
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday Rfter
the first day of January following.
Sec. 4. The Mayor shall issue nla
proclamation and publish the same in
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous to the day in each
year on which the municipal election is
to be held under this Charter, calling
upon the electors of the City and
County to meet for the purpose of
electing such officers as vcm provided,
for in this Charter, reciting In such
proclamation the different officers to
be elected at such election.
ARTICLE XH.
ACQUISITION OF PUBLIC UTIL
ITIES.
It la hereby declared to be the pur
pose and intention of the people of the
City and County that itß public utilities
shall be gradually acquired and ulti
mately owned by the City and County.
To this end it is hereby ordained:
SECTION L Within one year from
the date upon which this Charter shall
go into effect, and at least every two
years thereafter until tha object ex
pressed in this provision shall have
been fully attained, the Supervisors
must procure through the City Engi
neer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
completion by the City and County of
water works, gas works, electric light
works, steam", water or electric power
works, telephone lines, street railroads
and such other public utilities as tha
Supervisors or the people by petition to
the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion
of water works by the City and County,
the Supervisors must procure and place
on file plans and estimates of the cost
of obtaining from all of the several
available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good, pure water for
the City and County, in order that
propositions for the acquisition, con
struction and completion thereof, and
the incurring of municipal indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein
after set forth.
Sec 2. After such plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the best
interests of the City and County, enter
into negotiations for the permanent ac
quisition by the City and County, by
original construction, condemnation or
purchase of such or any of said
public utilities as they may regard
most important to the City and County
to be first acquired, and to formulate
and submit to the electors of the City
and County, at a special election, prop
ositions for the permanent acquisition
and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orig
inal construction or condemnation, of
public utilities, the Supervisors must
solicit and consider offers for the salo
to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors shall
have the benefit of acquiring the same
at the lowest possible cost thereof.
Sec. 3. When a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
County equal in number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
public utility, and requesting tha
Board to prepare for submission to the
electors of the City and County, aa
hereinafter provided, a proposition for
the acquisition of such utility, it shall
be the duty of the Board to immediate
ly take such step 3or to enter into such
negotiations as will enable it to formu
late such a proposition for submission,
to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shall be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the date
of the filing of such petition. The Clerk
i of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
the signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa
tures are appended to the original. Th©
Mayor shall also have the right to for
mulate and submit to the electors a
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility named in said peti
tion. At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such proposi
tions by the Supervisors and the May
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
cast thereon shall be adopted; but In
case the votes cast In favor of both
shall or-
1718
propositions shall not exceed one-half
the total number of votes cast thereon,
both propositions shall be deemed re
jected. .<-.
Nothing In this section shall be bo
construed 'as to prohibit the Supervis
ors from responding to the aforesaid
petition of the electors requesting the
acquisition of any public utility by pro
ceeding at once, without the submission
of propositions to the electors as afore
said to pass an ordinance declaring its
determination to acquire the same "
provided in section six of this Article
and from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the same in the manner herein
after provided. c the cost of any -public
Sec. 4. In case the cost of any public
utility sought to be acquired under the
provisions of this Article, can be paid
out of the annual revenues of the city
and County, in addition to the other
necessary expenditures thereof, it shall
be lawful to acquire the same by a ma
jority vote of the electors voting there
on at any special election. In submit
ting propositions to the electors for
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
specify in such proposition the cost of
■the public utility, the proposed method
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
whether the same shall be acquired
upon such terms.
In case, however, the cost of such
public utility sought to be acquired
under the provisions of this Article
shall so far exceed the annual revenues
of the City and County, in addition to
the other necessary expenditures there
of as to render it necessary to incur a
municipal bonded indebtedness for such
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub
mitting propositions to the electors for
the acquisition thereof, shall specify
therein the amount of the proposed
bonded Indebtedness, the rate of inter
est thereon, and whether such bonded
indebtedness shall be incurred. At
least two-thirds of the electors voting
thereon at such election shall be neces
sary to secure such acquisition and to
warrant the issuance of municipal
bonds therefor, as hereinafter set forth.
Sec. 5. When the electors by vote
shall have determined, as hereinbefore
set forth, to acquire any public utility,
such action on the part of the electors
shall be equivalent to the passing of
the ordinance by the Supervisors de
claring such determination as set forth
in section six of this Article, and the
Supervisors shall proceed -without de
lay to pass an ordinance calling a
special election as required by section
seven of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de
termine that the public interest or ne
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public
utility, the cost of which will be too
great to bepaid out of the ordinary an
nual income and revenue of the City and
County, the Supervisors shall, by or
dinance, specifically declare such de
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks in the official
newspaper.
Sec. 7. At the next regular meeting of
the Supervisors after the publication of
the ordinance declaring said deter
mination as above set forth, or at an
adjourned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor more than four
weeks after the electors by vote shall
have determined to acquire any public
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance
shall* call a special election, at which
shall be submitted to the electors the
proposition of acquiring such public
utility, and of incurring a debt for the
acquisition of the same as set forth in
such ordinance. No question other
than the acquisition of such utility arid
the incurring of the indebtedness
therefor shall be submitted at such
election.
Sec. 8. The ordinance calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes for which the indebted
ness is proposed to be incurred, the es
timated cost of the proposed public
■utility, the necessity for the acquisition
of the same, and that bonds of the City
and County shall Issue for the payment
of the cost of the same as In such or
dinance set forth (If the proposition be
accepted by the electors), and shall fix
& day on which such special election
6hall be held, the manner of holding
euch election, and the manner of voting
for or against incurring such indebted
ness. Such election shall be held as
provided by law for holding elections
In the City and County.
Sec. 9. Such ordinance shall be pub
lished daily for at least ten days in the
official newspaper. At the expiration
of said ten days the Supervisors shall
cause to be published daily for not less
than two weeks in the official newspa
per a notice of such special election.
Such notice shall specify the purpose
for which the Indebtedness Is to be in
curred, the number and character of
the bonds to be issued, the rate of in
terest to be paid, and the amount of
tax levy to be made for the payment
thereof.
Sec. 10. No indebtedness shall be In
curred for the acquisition of any public
■utility under the provisions of this Ar
ticle, which, together with the existing
bonded Indebtedness of the City and
County, shall exceed at any one time
fifteen per centum of the assessed value
of all real and personal property In the
City and County. •.-
Sec. 11. The bonds Issued under the
provisions of this Article shall be of the
character of bonds known as serials,
and shall be payable in lawful money
of the United States. The Supervisors
shall decide at the time's of the issue
of the bonds In what lawful money of
the United States said bonds shall be
payable. Not less than one-fortieth
part of the whole amount of Indebted
ness shall be paid each and every year,
on a day and at a place to be fixed by
the Supervisors, together with the In
terest on all sums unpaid at such date.
The bonds so Issued shall be exempt
from all taxation for municipal pur
poses, and shall be issued in denomina
tions of not less than ten dollars nor
greater than one thousand. dollars, and
preference in the sale and allotment
thereof shall be given to subscribers for
the smallest amounts and lowest de
nominations, f. . '■
Said bonds must be payable on the
day and at the place fixed therein, and
with Interest at the rate specified there
in, but such Interest shall not exceed
four per centum per annum, payable
annually, seml-annually or quarterly,
as the Supervisors may determine.
Buch bonds, when issued, may be sold
by the Supervisors from time to time
as required, and in such quantities as
they may determine, but the samemust
bo sold for cash In lawful money of the
United States as aforesaid to the high
est bidder at not less than par, after
having been advertised in the official
newspaper. They shall be sold under
Healed proposals, and the Supervisors
shall have the right to reject any or all
bids made for the purchase thereof.
The proceeds of such sales shall be
placed In the treasury to the credit of
the proper fund and shall be. applied
exclusively to the purposes and objects
mentioned In the ordinance authorizing ,
their issue until such objects are fully '
accomplished, after which. If any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall be
transferred to the Genera] Fund.
Sec. 12. Such bonds shall be. signed
ny the Mayor and the Treasurer, and
phall be countersigned by the Auditor.
The coupons shall be numbered con
secutively and sterned by the Treasurer,
and the bonds and coupons shall be
payable at the office of the Treasurer.
Pec. 13. At the time of lowing the
municipal tax and in the merger pro
vided for such tax levy, th" Super
visors shall levy and collect annually
a tax sufficient to pay the annual In
terest on such bonds, and also the
proper aliquot part of the aggregate
amount of such indebtedness so in
curred. Such taxes shall be in addition
to all other taxes levied for municipal
purposes, and shall be collected at the
same time and in the same manner as
other municipal taxes are collected.
• Sec. 14. A neglect or refusal on the
part of the Supervisors to comply with
the provisions of this Article shall con
■tjtute cause for the removal from
office of any member or members of the
Board guilty of such neglect or refusal.
ABTICLE XIII.
CIVIL SEBVICE.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon the
taking effect of this Charter the Mayor
shall appoint three persons, known by
him to be devoted to the principles of
Civil Service reform, who shall consti
| tute the Civil Service Commission, one
for one year, one for two years, and one
for three years. Each year thereafter
the Mayor shall in like manner ap
point one person as the successor of the
Commissioner whose term of office ex
pires in that year, to serve as such
Commissioner for three years. All ap
j pointments shall be so made that not
more than one Commissioner shall at
any time belong to the same political
! party. Each of such Commissioners
i shall receive an annual salary ot
twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
classify all the places of employment in
or under the offices and departments of
the City and County mentioned in sec
tion eleven of this Article, with refer
ence to the examinations hereinafter
provided for. The places so classified
by the Commissioners shall constitute
the classified civil service of the City
! and County, and no appointment to any
I such place shall be made except ac
cording to the rules hereinafter men
tioned.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall
make rules to carry out the purposes
of this Article, and for examinations,
appointments, promotions and re
movals, and in accordance with its pro
visions may from time to time, make
! changes in the existing rules. All rules
and all changes therein shall be forth
! with printed for distribution by the
i Commissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places In
the classified civil service shall be sub
jected to examination, which shall be
public, competitive and free. Such ex
. aminations shall be practical in their
! character, and shall relate to those
| matters only which will fairly test the
relative capacity of the persons ex-
I amined to discharge the duties of the
i positions to which they seek to be ap-
I pointed, and shall include, when ap
'■ propriate, tests of physical qualifica
tions, health, and of manual or pro
. fessional skill.
Sec. 5. The selection of laborers
! shall be governed by priority of appli
i cation only. No question in any ex-
I amination ihall relate to political or re
! ligious opinions or affiliations. The
| Commissioners shall control all cx
i aminations, and may, whenever an ex
: amination is to take place, designate a
suitable number of persons, either in or
not in the official service of the City
and County, to be examiners; and. If
in the official service, it shall be a part
of their official duty, without extra
compensation, to conduct such ex
j aminations as the Commissioners may
I direct, and to make return and report
> thereof to the Commissioners. The
Commissioners ' may substitute any
i other person, whether In or not in such
service, in the place of any one so se
lected, or may themselves act as such
examiners.
Sec. 6. Notice of the time, place and
general scope of every examination
1 shall be given by the Commissioners
by publication for two weeks preceding
; such examination in the official news
paper, and such notice shall also be
1 posted by the Commissioners In a con
: spicuous place in their office for two
weeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall be
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ex
: aminers, or from the examinations
1 made by the Commissioners, the Com
missioners shall prepare a register for
each grade or class of positions in the
1 classified service of the City and
County of the persons whose general
average standing upon examination for
such grade or class is not less than the
minimum fixed by the rules of the
'■ Commissioners, and who are otherwise
i eligible. Such persons shall take rank
: upon the register as candidates in the
1 order of their relative excellence, as
determined by examination, without
i reference to priority of time of ex
amination. .
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
vide for promotion in the classified ser
vice on the basis of ascertained merit
i and seniority in service and standing
upon examination, and shall provide, in
all cases where practicable, that vacan
cies shall be filled by promotion. All
examinations for promotion shall be
competitive among such members of
the next lower rank established by the
Commissioners for each department as
desire to submit themselves to such ex
aminations. The Commissioners shall
submit to the appointing power the
names of not more than three appli
cants having the highest rating for
each promotion. The method of exam
ining, and the rules governing the Bame,
and the method of certifying, shall be
the same, as near as may be. as pro
vided for applicants for original ap
pointments.
Sec. 9. The head of the department
or office, In which a position classified
under this Article is to be filled, shall
notify the Commissioners of that fact,
and the Commissioners shall then certl
i fy to the appointing officer the name
and address of one or more candidates,
not exceeding three, standing highest
upon the register for the class or grade
to which the position belongs; but la
borers shall be taken according to their
priority of application. In making such
certification, sex shall be disregarded,
• except when some statute, the rules of
the Commissioners, or the appointing
''' power specifies sex.
Sec. 10. The appointing officer shall
| notify the Commissioners of each posi
• tion to be filled separately, and shall
! fill such place by the appointment of
one of the persons certified to him by
the Commissioners- therefor. Such ap
■ pointment shall be on probation for a
period to be fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners; but such rules shall
not fix such period at exceeding six
months. The Commissioners may strike
! off names of candidates from the regis
! ter after they have remained thereon
more than two years. At or before the
expiration of the neriod of probation,
the head of the department or office in
which a candidate is employed, may.
; by and with the consent of the Com
! missioners, discharge him upon assign
ing in writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he is not then
! discharged, his appointment shall be
i deemed complete. To prevent the stop
' page of public business, or to meet ex-
I traordinary exigencies, the head of any
1 department or office may. with the nn-
I proval of the Commissioners, tnaki
temporary appointments, to remain m
force not exceeding sixty days, and only
until regular appointments, under the
provisions of this Article, can be made.
Sec. 11. The provisions of this Article
shall apply to the following offices and
I departments of the City and County:
the County Clerk, the Assessor, the Tax
Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the
Recorder, the Coron-er. the Clerks and
Stenographers of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Works,
the Police Department, the Fire De
partment, the Board of "Election Com
j missioners, the Board of Health and all
boards or departments controlling
public utilities; but the following dep
uties, clerks and employees in said of
fices and departments shall be exempt
ed therefrom: the Cashier of the Coun
ty Clark, the Chief Deputy and the
Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
uty and the Cashier of the Tax Collec
tor, the Under Sheriff and the Chief
Bookkeeper of the Sheriff, the Deputy
Auditor, the Chief Deputy of the "Re
corder, the Chief Deputy Coroner, the
City Engineer, ■ the Secretary and the
Architect of the Board of Public* Work*,
the Registrar of the Board of Election
Commissioners, the Chief of Police, the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
and all physicians appointed by or on
the Board of Health. All officers, courts,
boards and heads of departments vest
ed in this Charter with the power to
appoint deputies, clerks, stenographers
or employees In any of the offices or
OHAHTEE FOR THE CITY AWD COTJKTY OF SAX FBASTCISCO.
departments of the City and County
mentioned In this section shall mak»
such appointments in conformity with
the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment not
! so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
[ In the classified civil service of the Cit>
! and County, who shall have been ap
; pointed under said rules, shall be re-
I moved or discharged except for cause,
upon written charges and after an op
i portunlty to be heard in his own de
i fense. Such charges shall be investt
; gated by or before the Civil Service
< Commission, or by or before some offl
! cer or board appointed by the Commit
sioners to conduct such investigation.
j The finding and decision of the Com-
I missioners, or such investigating office^,
or board, when approved by the Com
missioners, shall be certified to the ap
| pointing officer or board, and shall b»
i forthwith enforced by such officer.
Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of 'any officer or board to sus
! pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
| rlod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing
shall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint
ments, permanent or temporary, made
I in such classified civil service, and of
all transfers, promotions, resignations.
I suspensions or vacancies from any
! cause In such service, and of the date
I thereof; and a record of the same shall
be kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment Is. created or
abolished, or the compensation at
tached thereto altered, the officer or
board making such change shall Imme
diately report in writing to the Com-
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall in
vestigate the enforcement of the pro
visions of this Article, and of its rules,
and the action of the examiners herein
I provided for, arid the conduct and
action of the appointees in the
I classified service in the City and
i County, and may Inquire as to
| the nature, tenure and compensation
jof all places- In the public service there
of.
Sec. 15. The Commissioners shall, on
J or before the fifteenth day of January
In each year, make to the Supervisors
a report showing their acts, the rules
in force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef-
I fectual accomplishment of the purposes
!of this Article. The Mayor may re
quire a report from the Commissioners
at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall em
' ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under
their direction, superintend any exam
ination held in the City and Courity
Under this Article, and who shall per
! form such duties as the Commissioners
i may prescribe. The Chief Examiner
i •shall be Secretary of the Commission
iby virtue of his office. He shall keep
i minutes of its proceedings, preserve all
i reports made to it, and keep a record of
; all examinations held under its direc
! tion. He shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
i nish the Commission with suitable of-
I fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
1 blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
i vide for the payment of such other ex-
I penses as may be necessarily Incurred
! in carrying out the provisions of this
i Article.' -'.-,:
Sec. 18. No person or officer shall by
himself, or in co-operation with other
persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any
person in respect to his or her right of
i examination; or falsely mark, grade,
; estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person
' examined hereunder, or aid in so doing;
I or make any false representations con
i cerning the same, or concerning the
person examined; or furnish to any
1 person any special or secret infor
i mation for the purpose of either
j improving or injuring the prospects or
chances of any person of being ap
'. pointed, employed or promoted.
Sec. 19. The Commissioners shall cer-
I tify to the Auditor all appointments to
! places of employment In the classified
civil service, aid all vacancies occurring
I therein, whether by dismissal, resigna
, tion or death, and all findings made or
j approved by the Commission under the
provisions of Section twelve of this Ar
ticle.
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have
i power to Institute and prosecute legal
i proceedings for violation of any of the
i provisions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
| upon the map of the Outside Lands of ;
i the City and County, made pursuant to '■
I Order Number One Hundred, by the ,
I word "Park," extending from Stanyan
street to the Pacific Ocean and known !
: as Golden Gate Park; also the land j
i fronting on Haight street, designated
I upon said map by the word "Park," ;
' and known as "Buena Vista Park"; '
j also the land designated upon said map
by the word "Avenue," extending from :
Baker street westward until it crosses ,
Stanyan street; also that certain high- i
! way bounded on the west by the Pacific i
i Ocean, and designated upon said map ■
■as "Great Highway"; also "Mountain i
; Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," as j
:-pded to the City and County of San
Francisco by Act of Congress; and all j
the other parks and squares in the City j
' and County, and all the grounds i
, surrounding public buildings in the i
City and County, and all parks and j
squares and public pleasure grounds
hereafter acquired by the City and
County shall be under the exclusive
control and mangement of a Board of
i Commissioners, who shall be known
and designated as Park Commissioners.
1 Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Park Com
missioners holding office in the City
and County at the time this Charter
shall go into effect by virtue of ap
pointment under any statute of this
State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
I five in number, one of whom must be
|an artist. They shall be appointed by
j the Mayor for a term of four years and
i shall receive no compensation for their
services. They shall so classify them
i selves by lot that one of them shall go
j out of office at the end of one year, one
I at the end of two years, one at the end
] of three years, and two at the end of
four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
I President, and they may elect a Secro
i tary who is not a member of the Boaid
! The Board shall establish rules and
I regulations for its government and for
'; the performance of its duties, and for
the conduct of its officers and em
ployees, and shall require adequate
: bonds from all of them, except labor
j ers, for the faithful performance of
| their duties in such sums as may be
'■ fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
j proved by the Mayor and filed in the
office of the Auditor. The person
elected President shall hold his office
' for one year, or until his successor is
; elected. The Board must hold regular
i meetings at least once in two weeks,
I and as many special meetings as it
may deem proper.
Three pf the Commissioners shall con-
I stitute a quorum for the transaction of
I business. No contract shall be entered
j into authorizing the expenditure of
! money without the approval of four of
the Commissioners. Every '•ontract
exceeding five hundred dollars In
amount shall be open to public com
petition, unless the Board shall deter
mine in any given case to have the
work done by day's labor. All the pro
visions of the Article in this Charter on
the Department of Public Works relat
ing to contracts shall be applicable to
all contract work ordered by th'} Com
missioners.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinances for the regulation, use
and government of the aforesaid park*,
squares, avenues and grounds not in
consistent with the laws of the Stato
of California or with this Charter. Such
ordinances shall, within five days after
their passage, be published for ten
days, Sundays excepted, in the official
newspaper. Any person violating any
of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
puni3hed therefor, on conviction, n any
court of competent jurisdiction. Noneof
such ordinances shall be valid unless it
receives the vote of four memberj of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at the same meeting at which it
is introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinances shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. G. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and direction of the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage
ment and disbursement of all funds lt
gally appropriated or received from
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from donoru
suitable articles for the Museum «nd
Art Gallery situate in the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal
lery.
Except as provided in section nine of
this Chapter, nothing in this section
shall be so construed as to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part of any
of said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to
build or malntc'iln any structure on any
part of said parks, squares, avenues or
grounds; but this shall not Inhibit the
Board from leasing, for a period not
greater than one year, such buildings
as may be constructed by Itself for the
use of the public to such person, com.
pany or corporation who shall under
take to serve such ase; and in
such lease the Board shall reserve the
right to enter at all times into and upon
the premises so leased, and shall make
the condition that the building so j
leased shall be used for paric-pleasvre
purposes onlj'. No such bulliing shall
be constructed by the Board except it
he within the objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, aye lues and
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however. In this section con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
permitting the use of a limited portion
of any one of the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose at conducting
thereon a Fair or Exposition, under
such conditions and restrictions as may
be necessary to conserve tho Integrity |
of said parks and squares, and for a pe. i
ric-d not greater than six months, and
so as not to Interfere w'lh the use or
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion shall ever be granted ozcept inch
Fair or Exposition be of National, Staf
or Municipal mportance. None of the |
moneys in, or apportioned to, the Park
Fund shall fee used for th? purposes cp
any such Fair cr Exposition.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall, on
the request of the Comminsionerr. de
tail such members of the Police Force
of the City and County for service in j
said parks, squares, aveiwss and i
grounds as may be necessary for the en- !
foreement of the law and for the proper i
observance of the ordinances of the I
Commissioners; and the Cr mmissioners ,
may provide c place of detention with
in eitner of said public pla :es in which
the persons arrested for violating any
of i'ne ordinances of the Board may be
detained tempo'arily.
Sec. 8. The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
and legacies and bequests for the Im
provement of said park, squares, ave
nues and grounds. All moneys that
may be derived from such donations,
legacies and bequests, shall, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de
posited in the treasury of the City and
County to the credit of the Park Fund.
The same may be withdrawn therefrom
and paid out in the same manner as Is
provided for the payment of moneys le
gally appropriated for the support and
Improvement of such parks, squares,
avenues and grounds. If the moneys |
derived from such gifts, bequests or |
legacies, shall at any time exceed In
amount the sum necessary for imme
diate expenditures on said parks,
squares, avenues and grounds, the
Board shall invest all or a part of the j
same in interest bearing bonds of the I
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
State of California, on such terms as it
may deem proper, a plot of ground In
Golden Gate Park not more than 6even
hundred feet square, on which said
State may erect and maintain an ex
position building, in which may be ex
hibited the products of the several
counties of the State and in which the i
collection made by the State Mining
Bureau may be maintained and ex
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build
ing.
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement
of the proposed location of such work
of art, shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners;
nor shall such work of art, until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon,
or allowed to extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni
cipal building or other public place be
longing to the City and County. The
Board may require a complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub
mitted. The term "work of art" as used
in this section shall apply to and in
clude all paintings, mural decorations,
stained glass, statues, bas-reliefs or
other sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures of a
permanent character, intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and County shall be removed,
relocated or .altered in any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
When so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public Works, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers, in respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges,
approaches, gates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to be erect
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines,
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and in respect of arches,
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
tion or private individual and which
shall extend over or upon any street,
avenue, highway, park or public place
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their con6ent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place In the City and County.
Pec. 11. The Supervisors shall pro
vide all necessary money for the main
tenance, preservation and improve
ment of said parks, squares, avenues
and grounds, and to that end shall an
miaily levy a tax on all property in the
City and County not exempt from taxa
tion, "which shall not lo less than five
cents nor more than seven cents upon
each r-ne hundred dollars assessed
valuation of said property.
ABTICLE XV.
BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
SECTION 1. Officers of the City and
County, before entering upon the din
charge of their official duties, shall
respectively give and execute to the
City and County such' official bonds as
may be required by law, ordinance or
this Charter . When the amount of any
bond is not fixed by law or by this
Charter, it shall be fixed by an ordl
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be Indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as herehiafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond It
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond, in the office
of the Recorder, In a book kept for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept in the office of the
County Clerk. 7he bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept In the
office of the Auditor.
Sec 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties. In
the following sums:
Mayor, twenty-five thousand dollars;
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars- District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty-five thousand
dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten
thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
thousand dollars; each School Director,
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
Police Commissioner, five thousand dol
lars; each Election Commissioner, ten
thousand dollars; Property Clerk of
Police Department, ten thousand dol
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. City and County officers shall
not be accepted as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be,
imposed upon or required of him by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of
office he will surrender to his successor
all property, books, papers, and docu
ments that may come into his posses
sion as such officer. Such bond must
also- be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify in the
amount required for said bond; but
when the amount of the bond is more
than five thousand dollars, the sureties
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-five hun
dred dollars. When there are more
than two sureties, such sureties may
Justify In an amount which In the ag
gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec. 4. Every surety upon an official
bond, other than lawfully authorized
surety companies, must make an affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon
such bond, that he is a resident and
freeholder in the City and County, and
worth in property situated In the City
and County, exclusive of Incumbrances
thereon, double the amount of his un
dertaking over and above all sums for
which he Is already .liable or In any
manner bound, whether as principal,
indorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty it is to approve the bond.
Sec. 5. When under any of the pro
visiorvs of this Charter, or of any ordi
nance, an official bond shall be required
from an officer, the Supervisors may,
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever, in the opinion of
such board, such bond or any surety
thereto becomes insufficient; and such
additional bond shall also be required ,
when a surety to a bond shall die or
cease to be a resident of the City and
County.
Sec. 6. Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the acts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employees, appointed by him, and
of any and each of them, and every of
ficial bond shall contain such a condi
tion.
Pec. 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of their deputies,
clerks or employees bonds of indemnity
with sufficient sureties for the faithful '■
performance of their duties.
ARTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever they occur in this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of them is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer, :
as the case may be, of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and
County must be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac- j
tually reside in the City and County '
and must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sec. 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself I
from the State; but he may, once orily
during; his term of office, so absent him- i
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of
the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of any officer violating the"
same.
Sec, 4. Any person holding a salaried
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office j
under the government of the United
States, or of this State, or who shall j
hold any other salaried office connected ■
with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to i
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shnll be or become, directly or Indirect
ly, interested in. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business, or
in the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or In the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to, or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by '<
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person in this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap- j
pointed, acquire an interest in any con- !
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved
upon him by law. he shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected, ap
pointed or employed in the service of
the City and County: and all such con
tracts "shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any por
tion of his compensation, or any money
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of being, nominated
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment; and if any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and disqualified from
being elected, appointed or employed In
the Bervlce of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while in office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity in money,
or other valuable thing, either directly
or indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position as employee
or subordinate under him, shall forfeit
his office, and be forever debarred and
disqualified from holding any position
i in the service of the City and County,
Sec. 9. Every department, board and
' commission provided for in this Char
! ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
j der to the Mayor within one month af
! ter the end of each fiscal year a full re
! port of all the operations of such de
partment or board or commission for
i such year.
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
: when the incumbent thereof dies, re
signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
felony, or of an offense involving a vio
lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be *
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to qualify within the time pre
scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have been absent from the State
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every officer who shall ap
prove, allow or pay any demand on the
treasury not authorized by law, ordi
nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
the City and County individually and
on his official bond for the amount of
the demand so illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. The departments, boards,
commissioners and officers provided for
in this Charter shall be entitled to the
possession of all papers, books, docu
ments, maps, plats, records and ar
chives in the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are
superseded in office under this Charter
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec 13. All books and records of
every office and department shall bo
open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours. Cer
tified copies or extracts from said books
and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same in custody to any
person demanding the same, and pay
ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; "but the records of the Police
Department shall not be subject to
such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
in the forenoon until four o'clock in
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
o'clock in the afternoon; and, in ad
dition thereto, from the first day of
November until the last Monday of De
cember'in each year the office of the
Tax Collector shall le kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
uty in any office or department, who
has been found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
crime or who in any capacity has em
bezzled public funds.
Sec. IS. The fiscal year mentioned In
this Charter shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti
eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
use of the City and County, coming into
the hands of any officer of the City and
County, shall Immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
for cause; and any appointed officer
may be removed by the Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
person to discharge the duties of the
office during the period of such sus-
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall bus
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board is not in session he
shall immediately call a session of the
same in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,'
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board in his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on its record, the
action of the Mayor is approved, then
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office; but if the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. "When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from office,
he shall Immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the Cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered in the record of its proceedings.
Sec. 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the right to re
move any rerson so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any provision of this Charter must be
made in writing and in duplicate,' au
thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor.
Sec. 23. Wherever It is provided in
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or commission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
terms of office shall expire at different
times, such members shall, on the day
of making such classification, cause the
same to be entered in the records of
their proceedings, and a copy thereof
certified by the Secretary thereof and
signed by *11 of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors
In every case such classification must
be made .at the first meeting of the
; Board. v
Sec. 24. Every officer and every mem
ber of any board or committee provided
for in this Charter shall have the power
to administer oaths and affirmations
and every such board, officer or com
mittee shall have power to issue subpe
nas, to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and documents
and to take and hear testimony concern
ing any matter or thing pending before
any such board, officer or committee
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
; refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
b3 L*f, UC £ , subpena - or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any quesHon
which any officer or a majority of such
board or committee shall decide to be
proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed in contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee shall have
Puerto take the proceedings in that
b * hal £ Pf ovlded b >' c seneill ff W8 "
this State. The Chief of Police must
on request of such officer or of S
member of any. such board or com
mittee. detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subpenas. ameers
in S ?£Y 25 ok l P ubllca tions Provided for
in this Charter must be made in the
official newspaper only. - . "
. Se 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the Cltv ™a
County which are not in actual use "r
enjoyment, or which the granted
mSSt, t aVe not , : In *° od ' ?om!
menced to .exercise, . are ;■ hereby de-
Sr» d o£° rfelt ! d and of no validity un
less said grantees or their assigns shall,
within six months after this Charter
takes effect^ good faith commence
the exercise end enjoyment of such
m-Ivilejre or fnnchise.
sic 27. All ordinances or resolutions
for the improvement of any street for
which no contact shall have been en
£?& Into at tie time this Charter
takes effect aretiereby repealed.
sic 28 All ordinances, orders and
force until amended or repealed
ce P p 29 When the Supervisors snau
deSmme ™ the 'public interest r
quires the construction or acquisition
of any permanent municipal building or
improvement, the cos; of which in ad
dition to the other e " s . e . s p ?* 1™
City and County will exceed the Income
and revenue provided lor th- City _ and
County for any one year they must by
ordinance passed Ly th 3 afflrma live tom
of not less than fourteen m mbe Vi :
the Board, submit a proposition to in
cur a bonded indebtedness for such
purpose to the electors of the City ana
County at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the Provis
ions of this Charter providing for the
acquisition of public utilities, so far as
the same are applicable, shall apply to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to the electors, to the limitations
of said bonded indebtedness, to the is
suance and character of the same, and
to the time when and the kind of
money in which said bonded in
debtedness shall be payable. The pro
ceeds of the sales of such bonds shall
be paid into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Sec. 30. Every assistant deputy or
other" subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such depart
ment, board or office as his chief may
assign him to. .„.«.■*
Sec. 31. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he is a member of such Board, or
for one year thereafter.
Sec. 32. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissl<mers,
and no officer, subordinate or employee
of the Police Department or of the Fire
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan convention the Purpose °«
which is to nominate candidates for
office; nor shall either of them «raeUy
or Indirectly electioneer, by soliciting
votes or otherwise, for or against any
candidate for office at any election of
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del
egate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee club,
or organization the purpose of which is
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election; nor In any way
attempt to Influence or control surh
committee club or organization, while
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates; nor take any part in the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer:
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner Influence the action
of any officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments at any
general, special or primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment. If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member: and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then the
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty at such viola
tion, must remove such officer, employee
or subordinate; and if such Board fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused.
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service.
Sec. 34. The salaries provided in this
Charter shall be in full compensation
for all services rendered, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands as such officer, no matter
from what source derived or received,
into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty-four hours af
ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor therefor,
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary he
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employees;
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and provide for the com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
Sec. 36. At any time between the first
day of December, In the y?ar one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, in
the year nineteen hundred, thf. person
who, at the election held under this
Charter in the manth of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and County, shall make all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after the
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and Coun
ty holding by appointment under ex
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time.
Sec. 37. The balance remaining in the
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith he trans
ferred to the Common School Fund cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining in the Library Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to the Library
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining in the Park Improve
ment Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Park Fund created by this
Charter. The balance remaining in the
Unapportioned Fee Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect shall forthwith
be transferred to the I.
Fee Fund created by this Chafer The
balance remaining in the Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Police J*e"e£ and
Pension Fund created by this Charter.
The balance remaining m the surplus
Fund at the time this ( harter takes ef
fect shall forthwith be transferred to
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. The balance remaining in the Spe
cial Deposit Fund at the "me this
Charter takes effect shal forthwith be
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund
created by this Charter. The balance
renmfning y in the General Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect the
balance remaining in the Street Light
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect the balance remaining in the
Street Department Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect, the balance
remaining in the Police Contingent
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter takes effect, and the balance re
maining in the Special Fee Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, shall
each and every one of them be forth
with transferred to the General Fund
created by this Charter. Out of th«Bald Cioneral Fund shall bo paid, as In
this section hereinafter pr 'Vided, all |
the expenses <>f the various depart- i
ments of the City nnd County, except •
euch expenses as are by this Charter
to be paid out of the Pun a specifically
provided for the paymem of puch ex
penses. For the six months ending on
the thirtieth day of Jure, in the year
nineteen hun-dred, each and every of
paid departments shall expend the
moneys set apart to each of them by
■the Board of Supervisors of the existing
municipality. S.» much of said moneys
set apart by said Board or Supervisors
to the Superintendent of Public Streets,
Hiphways and Bquarea for the fiscal
year ending on said thirtieth day of
June, in the year nineteen hundred, as .
shall remain' un< xj ended at the time
this Charter takes effect, shair-.be ex
pended during said six months by the |
Board of Public Works in the opera
tions of the depa tment committed to i
Its charge. All th( expenses of the City
I * Jount-y w hi<' ■ are not tn be paid out j
of specific funds shall be paid during
paid six month? out of the General j
■ -Fund. Should the moneys set apart
by the Board o Supervisors of the ex- |
istlng municipality to any department I
"Of the City and County become or he'
exhausted at any time during- said six I
months, or should any department ere- 1
1 by this Charter have no money
specifically provided for it during said
six months, then in each such case the
expenses thereof shall be paid out of
the General Fund, notwithstanding
anything < ontained in sections six and.
seven of Chapter I of Article 111 of this
Charter. Such pensions as may accrue to
firemen under Article IX of this Char- ■
ter durincr said six months shall be paid
out of the General Fund. The existing |
municipality mentioned in this section
is the existing municipality of the City
and County of San Francisco, and the
eever.il funds which are to be trans
ferred as in this section provided are
■ funds of said existing municipality. All j
the funds of said existing municipality
not mentioned in this section, and
v.hich are authorized by law, shall be I
continued in the treasury until the ne
cessity for their continuance ceases.
Sec 38. When the necessity for j
maintaining any Fund of the City and ]
County in existence at the time this
Charter takes effect has ceased to ex
ist, and a balance' remains in such
Fund, the Supervisors shall so declare i
by ordinance, and upon such declara- j
tlon such balance shall be forthwith
transferred to the General Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Charter shall be published for
twenty days in The San Francisco Call
and in the Daily Report, daily news
papers of general circulation in the
City and County of San Francisco, and
after such publication, viz.: on Thurs
day, the twenty -sixth day of May, in
the year one thousand eiffht hundred 1
and ninety-eight, it shall be submitted
to the qualified electors of said City
and County of San Francisco, at a spe
cial election which shall be held on that
day, for the sole purpose of voting upon
the adoption of the same; and if a ma
jority of the qualified electors of said
• 'ity and County voting at said election
shall ratify the same it shall be sub
mitted to the Legislature of the State
of California for Its approval or rejec
tion. If the Legislature shall approve
the same, it shall take effect and be in
force, except as hereinafter otherwise
provided, on and after the hour of noon
on the first Monday after the firs f day
of January in the year nineteen hun
dred, and shall thereupc-n become the
Charter and organic law of the City
;m'l County of San Francisco, and shall
supersede the existing Charter of said
«'ity ar.d County, and all amendments
thereof, and all laws inconsistent with
this Charter.
The form of ballots at saii election
shall be as foil
FOR THE NEW CHARTER, YES.
FOR Tin: NEW CHARTER, NO.
the sole purposes of the election
of the officers directed in this Charter
to be elected by the people, this Char
ter shall take effect on and after Us
.val by the Legislature, and the
n <f such officers shall be man
■ 1 inducted and controlled by the
Board of Election Commissioners in
and for said City and County in office
at the time of such election.
And for the sole other purpose of the
Mayor elected under this Charter mak
ing the appointments provided in this
Charter to be made by him, and of the
qualification of the persons so ap
pointed, this Charter shall take effect
on the first day of December, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-nine.
BE IT KX')\VN, That the City and
County of Ban Francisco, containing a
population of more than two hundred
thousand (-.{habitants, on the twenty
seventh day of December, in the year
one thousand eijjht hundred and
ninety-seven, and under and in ac
cordance with the provisions of Sec
tion 8, of Article XI. of the Constitu
tion of this State, did elect the under-
Bigned a Board of Fifteen Freeholders.
to prepare and propose a Charter for
said City and County; and v-e. the
members of said Board, in pursuance
of such provisions of the Constitution,
and within a period of ninety days
after such election, have prepared and
do propose the foregoing, signed in
duplicate, as and for the Charter for
said City and County of San Fran-
IX 'WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands In duplicate,
this twenty-fifth day of March, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-eight.
JOSEPH BRITTON. President.
JEROME A. ANDERSON,
JAMES BUTLER,
H. N. CLEMENT,
A. COMTE, Jr.,
ALFRED CRIDGE,
L. R. ELLEHT.
ISIDOR GUTTE.
p. h. McCarthy,
JOHN • NIGHTINGALE, Jr..
JOHN C. N OI;. MANN.
JOSEPH O'CONNOR.
LIPPMANN SACHS.
EDWARD R. TAYLOR.
A. W. THOMPSON.
Attest: J. RiCH'D FREUD.
Secretary.
CHILDREN A BLESSING.
Professor Lloyd Says Their Lack Is a
Misfortune in the Home.
The' ministers of the many denomina
tions, who generally meet every Monday
morning, will not meet this catalog Mon
day as separate denominations, but will
hold a Union meeting at the Y. M. C. A.
auditorium, where a large anti-saloon
rally will be held. Dr. Chapman will de
liver the address of the morning, and
others beside the clergy will be present.
The paper read before the Methodist
ministers was on "Perfect Love, or the
Fullness of God." Quite a discussion
arose. Officers for the next quarter were
elected as follows: J. N- Beard, V.U.,
president; Rev. J. Stephens, vice-presi
dent; \V. M. Woodward, secretary; H W.
Peck. W. S. Urmy and A. H. W eedham,
programme committee.
The Presbyterian ministers listened to
a paper by ML l.nndon on "Infant Church
GTRliip." A considerable discussion
,1. and Professor Lloyd, a Congre-
KatlOJiaHat. said that the curse of the
American Home was that there were no
children and the blessing in the Jewish
was that they had children.
Th" Baptist ministers met in Oakland
this week.
Patsnt Case Dismissed.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday dismissed the suit of Truman
against the Carville Manufacturing Com
pany. Tho suit was brought to determine
the "right to the patent on what is known
cvi the Petaluma cart.
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
srMMART.
Coffee quli»t and easy.
Silver about the same.
Wheat and Barley continue to advance.
Oats firm and Rye higher.
Corn dull.
Bran and Middlings marked up.
Choice Hay advanced.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Potatoes unchanged. Onions higher.
Vegetables severely damaged by fract.
Eggs a fraction firmer. Butter unchanged.
A car of Eastern Poultry arrived.
Fresh and Dried Fruits as before.
Provisions at a standstill.
Wool. Hides and Hops unchanged.
No variation in the Meat market.
Financial quotations about the same.
OUR SOUTH AFRICAN TRADE.
The exports of domestic merchandise from
the United States to Africa during the year
ending June 30. ISSS. -were valued at $3,090,737,
while In the year ending with the same month,
1897, the total ran up to J16.923.545. The busi
ness with South Africa has steadily increased
for ten years. The recent Increase is attrib
utable principally to the fact that that coun
try has bought largely of our cereals during
the two years that Australia has r">?n unable
to supply her.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ores at : atlon lndlc_ maximum temperature
tor the days; those underneath it. It any. the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars,- or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usur.lly accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high In the Interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 28, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfalls during the past
twenty- four hours: .. - . ~-
Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 28.53 45.41
Red Blu« 0 12. 0S 22.91
Sacramento 0 8.5» jN.OI
Fan Francisco 0 7.56 —
Fresno- 0 ♦• 01 10.18
San Luis Obispo 0 6.05 20.53
Los Angeles 0. 5.26 16.
San Diego 0 4.10 11.64
Yuma 0 1.65 5.30
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 62;
minimum. 45; mean. 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over Cali
fornia and Arizona during the past twenty-four
hours. It has risen slightly along the interna
tional boundary. An area of high pressure
overlies the upper Missouri Valley and an area
of low pressure is central in Arizona.
The temperature has risen along the coast
of California and in Arizona. Elsewhere it has
remained nearly stationary.
Light rains have fallen over Washington and
Northern Oregon. Snow Is falling In t tah.
A maximum wind velocity of 30 miles per
hour from the northwest is reported at Eu
r< Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hour? ending midnight, March 29, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; northerly
winds in the interior, westerly winds on the
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; continued
warm weather; northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday; warmer north.
Utah— Snow early Tuesday morning; fair,
warmer Tuesday
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
northerly, changing to westerly, winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at 5 p — Clear; wind nonnwest, 12 miles per
hour; temperature.^ maximum.
v Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 28.— The familiar spec
tacle was presented on the Stock Exchange to
day of a violent reaction upon the culmination
of an event which has long been anticipated
and discounted. The facts were that the find
ings of the Maine Court of Inquiry were pre
sented to Congress and were proved to be ex
actly as foreshadowed. That is ;to say, the
Maine is found to have been blown up by a
submarine mine. Ever since the morning after
the explosion the stock market has been de
pressed by the constant dread that this report
would be formulated by constituted officials of
the United States. The speculative public as
sumed that such an allegation would necessi
tate a rupture between the United States and
Spain and consequent damage to values of all
securities, which It was attempted to measure
by a constant decline in prices since the date
of the explosion almost to the present time.
Yet the actual publication to-day of the report
resulted in a rebound in prices, which at the
high point of the day had wiped out a large
proportion of the losses which have occurred
since the explosion In Havana harbor. This
was brought about through the movement of
the bear traders to take their profits. Having
been Industriously selling stocks for weeks in
anticipation of the harm to values to be done
by the .Maine report, they were warned by the
Imminence of the actual publication that the
owest prices to be looked for on that account
had been reached, and they therefore set about
to buy stocks to till their contracts. The
w-oEress of the . settlement quietly developed j
the fact that the short interest was large and
unwieldy beyond all expectation. Besides this,
they nad to meet the skillful^ and- -well[organ
ized efforts of a powerful bull combination
which had quietly possessed itself of as much
ns possible of .the floating supply of stocks in
th» market at the low level. The liquidation
of the "alt few weeks had left the supply of
stacks very small. When the shorts began to
bid" they found bull operators in full competi
tion with. them, bidding up prices. The result
was a scramble by the ; shorts, when reached
the proportions of a bear panic during the day
and sent prices skyward. The bulls resorted
fo all the usual devices to assist their cam
nlien for squeezing the shorts. The "news"
that was circulated In Wall street during the
day was much of It as frantic on the side of
peaceful probabilities as was that on the side
£r war used by bears In their recent operations
for a decline The apprehensions of the bears
'"" fed by a printed report from Washington
that * Spam had completely acceded to all Presi
dent McKinley's requests. Including an armls
,," between Cubans and Spaniards for six
month* The passage of the Spanish elections,
with their assurance of legislative support to
Premier Sagasta and the conservative course
niirfMjed by Congress toward the Maine report
eaveswne assurance that President McKlnley's
well known desire for a peaceful adjustment
with Spain might find a successful outcome.
This pave color to the reports which wore
placed in circulation And magnified the fears !
at the hard pressed bear*. Without this and
?vL tinder-lying strength of financial and bust
nes< condition*, the adroit manipulation of the
oulls would hardly have proved so great a sue
'he highest n the specialties showing reactions
r «^a^olu«% b VW toot up con
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 29, 1898.
siderably over 7:0.000 shares, a total which has
not been equaled since last fall.
The bond market also showed largely In- ■
creased activity, especially in the speculative t
Issues, and gains of 1 to 3 per cent were regis- ;
tered In prominent issues. Total sales, $3,300,- !
000. . . s-s; • ..'.■••rrr; . _■
Government bonds were very strong;. The
new 4s advanced 2%, the old 4s 1. the seconds
% and the 5s 14 bid. and there were sales of the :
new 4s coupon at 121, which is 3 per cent over (
Saturday's bid. ■■ ->': - - - • : .- : ! !
Total sales of stocks to-day were. 632.000 ,
shares, including: 11.250 Atchison preferred;
6620 C and O. ; bi<2o Burlington; 26.820 L. and N.
41.220 Manhattan; 28.810 Metropolitan; 7400-
Reading preferred: 7780 Missouri Pacific: 3boo j
M. K. and T. preferred; 8600 New Jersey Cen
tral; 19.000 Northern Pacific: 39.650 do pre
ferred; 3500 Reading; 105,400 St. Paul: 7230
.- pi them preferred: 38,820 Union Pacific; 6*70
Union Pacific preferred: 3620 Chicago Great
Western: 15.920 People's Gas: 6420 General Elec
tric; 4400 Pacific Mall; 162.800 Sugar: 3200 T. C.
end I.; 3790 Leather preferred 8220 Western
Union. ■ ■
CLOSING STOCKS.
1 Atchison 11% St P & Om 70%
Do pref 26% Do pref 145
' Baltimore & Ohio 16% SPM & M 129 j
: Canada Pacific ... 81% So Pacific 13% ,
! Canada Southern. 45% So Railway " 8
i Cent Pac 11** Do pref 27
Ches & Ohio .... 19* Texas & Pacific... 10% !
i Chi & Alton 154 Union Pacific .'.... 53 i
: Chi B & <• 93% U P D & G 7% !
Chi & X 111 55 VVabash I\i
ICCC &St L.... 27% Do pref 16V4 '
Do pref 75 Wheel & L E l?s |
I Dei & Hudson .. 107 Do pref 9% i
| Del L & W 145 Express Companies- '
! Den & R G 10% Adams Ex 100
Do pref 45 American Ex — 125
i Erie (new) 12% United States .... 33
Do Ist pref .... 35 . Wells Fargo ..... 115
**' Wayne 166 Miscellaneous—
:Gt Nor iiref 14S A Cot Oil 16%
j Hocking Vai 6 Do pref 67%
Illinois Cent 100% Arnn Spirits 7
! Lake ..rie & W.I 13*; Do pref 17%
Do pref 69% Am -Tobacco 97
i Lake Shore IS4 Do pref 114
Louis & Nash 50% People's Gas ..... 92%
Manhattan L IS}, Cons Gas .177%
Met St Xv 138 Com Cable C 0.... 16S
Mich Cent 105% Col F 4c Iron 19
Minn & St L 25 l Do pref 80
Do Ist pref .... 80 Gen Electric 33*4 ,
iMo Pacific 27 | Illinois Steel 45*
Mobile & 0hi0... 27 Laclede Gas 41% j
IMo X & T 11 Lead 30
Do pref 34*4 Do pref 102H ;
Chi Ind & L t Nat Lin Oil 16% !
Do pref 23 Or Imp Co 27?; j
N J Central 93 Pacific Mail 25%
N V central .... 111?; Pullman 172
N V Chi & S L.. 12% Silver Cert 55%
Do Ist nref .... 65 Stand R& T 3% \
Do 2d pref .... 30 I near 11S% ■
Nor West 11% Do pref 106
No Amer Co 6% T C & Iron 20%
jNo Pacific 22» s rj S Leather ....'. 5% i
Do pref 62*4 Do pref 68
Ontario & W 15 US Rubber 17%
Or R & Nay 43 Do pref 67
Or Short Line ... 30 West Union £6
Pittsburg 16$ Chi & -. W 119%
Reading 17% Do pref . 172
Rock Island 86 St L & S W 4
St L& S F 6% Do pref 9% i
Do Ist pref .... 65% R G W 23
Do M pref 25% | Do pref 64
St Paul 92% Chi & G W 10%
Do pref 146 Haw Com Co 24
CLOSING BONDS. .
D S new 4s reg.. 120% N J C 5s 11l
Do coup 120% N Carolina 6s .... 125
U S 4s i 109 Do 4s 102
Do coup 11l No Pac lsts 111% I
Do 2as 98 Do 39 61
iUS Sa reg 110% Do 4s 94%
Do 5b coup .... 110*4 N V C & S L 45.. 103
District 3.65s .... 116 Nor & W 6s 119
Ala class A 10S% .Nnrthwstm cons. 144
Do B 107 I Do deb 5s 119
Do C 92 O Nay lsts 115
Do Currency ... 97 O Nay 4s 93%
Atchison 4s 90% OS Line 6s tr.... 119
Do adj 4s 59% 0 S Line 5s tr.... 109
1 Can So 2ds 105 Vi Do 5s tr 56
i Chi Term 4s 81% Pacific 6s of 95.... 103
1 C & Ohio 5s 112% Reading 4s 81*4
: C H & D 4*5.... 4% RG W lsts 80% I
D & R G lsts.... 104% S L & I M c 55.. 90%
1) & R G 4s 110 3 L & S F G 65.. 15
East Term lsta.. 89 St P con 139
Erie Gen 4S 105 st P C 4 P lets.. 118
FW & D lsts tr. 69% Do 5s 115
CJen Elec 5s 101 ?o Ry 5s 90
G H & S A 65.... 102 *tand X & T 65.. 54
Do 2ds 103 'enn new set 35.. 89
i H & T C 5a 110 V& P L - lsts.. 99%
Do con 6s 100 Do Rg 2ds 32
lowa c lsts 9R% - P D & <; lsts.. 54*4
Kan 1" Con tr.... 103% I.Vab Ist f.s 106% I
X Pac Ist D D tr. 120 Do 2ds 75% i
La new cons .s.. 101 iV Shore 4s 107
IL & N Uni 45.... 86 Va Centuries G8 j
Missouri 6s 100 Do deferred ... 3
M X & T 2ds 61% UP prof 53
Do 4s 85% i U P 4* 92
I N X Central Ist.s 116
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40 ! Ontarlo 2 60
Crown Point 20|Ophir 45
Con Cal & Va 80 (Plymouth 14
Deadwood 7*. Quicksilver 100
j Gould ie Curry... 20 Do pref 200
i Hale & Norcross. 1 20 Sierra Nevada ... 160
Homestake ... 37 00 standard ..'....... 170
Iron Silver 35 Union Con 30
Mexican 80 I Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON, March 28.— Atchison. 11%; Bell Tel
ephone, 250; Burlington, 93 1 ,;; Mexican Central,
Oregon Short Line. 30.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 28.— FLOUR— Receipts.
22.401: exports, 55.590 barrels. Market displayed
fair steadiness, but was neglected ny buyers.
WHEAT— Receipts, 91.575 bushels; exports,
98.913. Spot easy and more or 'less nominal.
No. 2 red, $1 01% f- 0. b. afloat to arrive.
! Options firmer on strong cable news and cold
'. wave West. After developing weakness in
! near months owing to liquidation, prices had a
■ general afternoon rally on strength in Wall
street and reported peace negotiation at Wash
ington. March closed 2c lower; May unchang
ed, and late months l@l*4c net higher. No.
2 red March closed, 99c; May, K^C-t^c, closed,
; 99c.
I HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL—
i PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— week opens with metals show
: ing little feature. To-day" market was a small
narrow affair with prices practically un
; changed from last Friday. - At the close the
Metal Exchange called: ' !
PIG IRON— Warrants, quiet, with $6 70 bid
and $6 75 asked.
LAKE CCPPER— Quiet, with $11 S>7% bid
and $12 asked.
TlN— Easier, with $14 25 bid and $14 30 asked.
SPELTER— Firm, with $4 25 bid and $135
asked.
LEAD— Quiet with $3 72% bid and $3 77%
. asked. The' firm fixing the settling price for
! miners and smelters In the West called lead
! strong at the close at $3 50.
COFFEE— Options closed steady at un
i changed prices to 6 points net advance. Sales, ,
I 23,500 bags, '•including: April, $4 90; May,
Ito 05. Spot Coffee — Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice,
I 7%c; No. 2, Jobbing, 6c; mild, quiet; Cordova.
BVi<Sl6c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and firm; fair refining,
B%c: centrifugal, 96 test, 4c; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 8116 packages: firmer.
, Western creamery, 15%@19c; Elgins, 19',<|C; fac
; tory, 12@14%c.
I EGGS— Receipts. 15,106 packages; firm; State
• : and Pennsylvania, luslo%c; Western, 10% c;
• Southern, 10@10%c.
'; CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
1 CHICAGO, March 28.— The question of peace
; or war overshadowed all else on 'change to-day.
Assumptions of a possible solution of the Cu
' ban question resulted In sharp recoveries from
; early declines and with the exception of oats
■ everything closed strong and higher. Wheat
advanced %c for July and l%c for May. Corn
closed *()(g>*2C higher; oats a shade lower and
1 provisions 2V;<& 2%c higher.
Wheat started with an appearance of flrm
1 ness that gave way almost immediately to one
' of weakness. There was a mild disposition
shown at first to cover short lines on account
• of the low temperatures prevailing in the
1 Northwest. Heavy rains were reported over
' the winter wheat country and reports of other
i I damage by the cold, coupled with .unexpected
1 j strength at Liverpool, where some futures were
; I %d higher, started the market, aa far as July
. ! and the more distant futures were concerned,
1 ! at prices a shade better than Saturday's clos
: ing. Smaller receipts in the Northwest also of
i fered encouragement to the .bulls. But the
I market turned weak at once. What little de
• | mand there was for the shorts had been soon
; satisfied and as no other support of conse-
q uence materialized, the decline for a few
i moments was rapid, July selling- off at 83*4@
! 83*»c, its opening price, to S3Hc. Some liqui
dation by the large world's wheat sh'lpmenX.
, which amounted to 8,773,000 bushels. Another
source of weakness was the large addition to
the contract stocks. Besides the 27 cars re
ceived from regular sources, 140 cars and 36,
; i 400 bushels No. 1 Northern were received from
mixing houses, a total of about 203.000 bush
1 els in all. After the decline to 82»4c in July
■ there was a rally to 82% c under covering by
; scalpers, but prices sagged again In a short
time to 82% c and held around that until about
' 11 o'clock. Then the market began to improve.
I The decrease in the visible supply, 1,330.000
bushels, was much greater than looked for.
But everything else was lost sight of In the
■ consideration of the news relating to the crisis
1 between the United States and -Spain. Reports
1 that Spain had accepted the suggestions of this
i Government In ■ regard •to Cuba started
; a. buying demand that increased in volume as
the season wore on and did not cease until the
, closing bell sounded. Shorts of every descrip
tions were driven to cover and investment buy
1 Ing, which has been almost totally lacking for
I some time, was In ■ evidence. . .
Half an hour from the close July had ad
' vanced to 84% c. Realizing was quite heavy at
this point and the price reacted to 83T4c. but
rebounded again shortly. The close ,- was
1 i strong at S4c bid. May was traded in very lit
! tie. ' It opened %c lower at $1 03%, but ad
; vanced- at once to $1 04, and during the activ
, ity in July sold .up as high ,as $ I 05%. It
i closed, at Isl 05%. ■- ■ '-
Corn was fairly active and firm with the ex
ception' of -a' short time after the opening,
! when some • decline took • place In sympathy
with wheat. May ranged from 29'4c t0.28%@
25%0 and. closed %@%c higher at 29*40. . ,
Oats were heavily • raided during < the morn-
Ing by all classes of longs. .. Liquidation was
general and prices broke sharply. The market
reacted -when • the turn came •In wheat and
corn, but the recovery was only to . previous
prices. ■ Shipping demand was slow. May
ranged from 25*026-& Cto j 24% c and j closed a
shade lower at 2oV*®2s%c.^ ;- ... -. - • :
Provisions, like everything else, were weak
during the first part of the season. At the
close May pork was 12% c higher at $9 50: May
lard 2%c higher at $4 93 and May ribs 5c higher
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Mly he .^.. .!"... I 034 1054 1034 10.-1;
July "\i 544 82% 84
September ' • WJi m m• ; 77%
December 77% <»% i6v» 7SU
Ma? m . X °:.. 2~2 ~ «% S« 25% »H
July 30»i MS 29", 30H
September.... 31% 31% SI 31>4
May 18 .!! o .'. 2 " 25H 20% 24H 23%
July 23V» 23'n 24^. 23^
■Mess Pork er_b b! _^ .
M . 9 27^4 960 925 950
j uly ;;;:;; 935 965 930 957^4
Lard, per 100 IT)s— _ — o ,
v, v ... 4 5714 495 453 493
jj u iy ;;;;;;.;. 492% 505 492% 602^
Short Ribs, pier fs:* 3 ! 024 4So M f ,
May ....... 453 5 02^4 453 6 o*4
j u iy ;;;;;;:: 4 92*4. 5 o-^ 492^ 307^
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, j
oulef No 3 spring wheat. 87<f/9Sc; No. 2 red,
02*6.01 03V.; No. 2 corn, yellow. KW29%c; :
iNo 2 oats. 25c; No. 2 white,- o- b., 28@30%c:
No. 3 white, 27(&25 ;c: No. 2 rye. 49% c; No. 2
barley f. o. b., 33%@45c: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 16%; .
prime "timothy seed. $2 S5; mess pork, per bbl.
$9 47V,-a9 52'«: lard, per 100 lbs. $4 32*94 95;
short fibs sides (loose). $4 85@4 92%; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). $4 73@4 87%; short clear sides
(boxed) $5 25@5 40: whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gal, $1 19%. '
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls • 25.000 : 36.000
Wheat, bush:. "88.000 36.000
Corn bush 140.000 81.000
Oats bush 186.000 160,000 1
Rye bush H.OOO *™ j
Barley, bush •'•••• 31.000 16,000
I On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
! markft-was firm; creameries. 13@lS%c; dairies,
10%(SlCo.. Cheese, quiet, B©S>4c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 9'ic.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments, |
' Pities— Bushels. Bushels.
i Minneapolis ..":::::::::::::::::^:^ 26,270 j
r-ul.ith 33.2f.2 847
i X :.::::::::::::::::::::: 16.2.-.O &%j |
! Chicago ss - 06< > 364.316
i Toledo ".363 1.600
• St Louis 13.000 137.000
i Detroit 2.498 6.478
j Kansas City • 3a. 000 35.000
Totals 401.923 674,503 j
! Tidewater- 2^2 80.561
Boston 26 ' 262 80 - 06 l
New York »U95 89.931
; Philadelphia 18.p 7.153
] Baltimore 83,042 100.850
I New Orleans ...
| Galveston • 5.500 18,000
Totals • 230.229 29G.495
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening 64 20 60 05
j Closing 64 5a 60 1a
i Opening 23 90
! Closing M 95 27 85
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
March. May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 1 oV,- 7% 66 x 65%
j Closing 7 1014 _li%__7 % 66% 66%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, March CATTLE— steers
sold on a basis of $3 85@4 20 for the common
est-to $5 50 for prime to extra cattle: stockers
and feeders, $3 65®5; calves, best grades, $6 169
6 90; common grades, $4Q6.
HOGS— Common to prime droves of hogs sold |
at $3 6\)<SZ So, the greater part selling at $3 75®
I 3 82%. . . . ;■•-',.,
SHEEP— Choice lambs were scarce and sold
Dp to $5 85, and sellers sold some Colorados for
$6. The commonest lambs sold at $4 40. Sheep
sold at $4 4004 75 an.', yearlings at Ss'as 10.
Receipts— Cattle. 10.000; hogs, 38.000; sheep,
18 -° OO - DENVER.
DENVER, March CATTLE — Receipts,
2000. Market easier; beef steers, $3 60@4 60;
cows, $3@3 86; feeders, freight paid to . river,
$4<?f4 70; stockers. freight paid. $4@4 80; bulls,
>;ni"s etc., J2 2a a 3.
HOGS— Receipts. 200. Market 10c lower; light
packers. $3 60@3 70; mixed, $3 60@3 65;. heavy,
$3 ;: r a:\ 65. , - -
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market steady;
j good fat muttons. !" M 25; lambs, $4 40@5 30.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, March — The Wool auction sales
! were continued to-day with a large attendance
' of buyers. The catalogues were large and con
sisted of 15.660 bales. The offerings were of a
varied selection and Included good lines of New
South Wales and Port Philip scoured, which
were sold chiefly to the Continental buyers.. A
large supply. of medium greasy merinos was
less "eagerly oompeted tog. Following are the
sales in detail: ,' ■ «*;vv£
New South Wales, r.OOO bales; scoured, ll%d@
Is 6>id; greasy. .r.%@9%d.. r .%@9%d. _
Queensland. 1200 bales; scoured. Is %d{Jls »d;
greasy. 6V44riOd.
Victoria, 4SOO bales: scoured, S%d@ls B%d;
I greasy. .'■'•.!'.- Is 2d.
South Australia, ISOO bales; scoured, 9d@
' Is 3%d; greasy. 4%<iTs%d. D,/™
West Australia. 100 bales; greasy. 5%@7d.
. Tasmania, f.O bales; scoured, B%@lod.
New Zealand, 2100 bales; scoured, B%d@ls 2d;
Cape' of Good Hope and Natal, 300 bales;
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 200 bales;
scoured, 7%d@ls 6d; greasy. 6H'6 ; 7%d.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. March 28.— Consols, 111 3-10; silver,
25% d; French rentes. 103f 15c.
LIVERPOOL, March Wheat, firm; No. 1
' standard California wheat, 3Ss 3d; cargoes off
': coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
firmer; English country markets, quiet; French
I country markets, firm; Liverpool wheat. No. 1
, California, 7s lid; wheat in Paris, steady;
i flour in Paris, steady: quantity of wheat and
! flour on passage to United Kingdom, 3,230.000;
i quantity of wheat and flour on passage to Con
' tinent. 1,600,000.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 5-16 d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., March 2S.— Wheat, firm;
! exporters are paying 76c for Walla Walla and
| the mills in the Interior are picking up fancy
; lots at a cent and sometimes 2 cents -above
I this figure. Valley and Blue Stem are quiet
j at 7S@79c per bushel. v'■-•'-<v '■-•'-<
Cleared— British steamship Puritan, for St.
Vincent with 203.293 bushels of wheat: Brit
ish ship Marlon Inglls, for Queenstown, with
1 511 bushel 3 wheat. ; ..-•'/»-.':
WASHINGTON. %
T\COMA, March 28.— Wheat, strong and
higher. No. 1 Club, 76@77c; No. 1 Blue Stem,
79©S0c.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 28.— Exchanges,
$329,940; balances, $43,819.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, March Treasury state
ment: Available cash balance, $224,311,833; gold
reserve. $172,351,688.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
EXCHANGE AND liLLLION. .
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 SIM-
Sterling Exchange, SO days — 4 84>4
Sterling Cabled •■ — 4 85^
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17^
Fine Silver, per ounce — 65Vi
Mexican Dollars .'..♦• — 46
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— More pacific reports regarding the
Spanish crisis hardened the market at Eastern
centers and caused a better buying demand.
On this coast this improved feeling was ac
centuated by the dry weather and a higher
range of values resulted, as will be seen.
Tidewater quotations are as follows:
$1 43 for No. 1, II 46>-i for choice and »1 47Vi@
1 00 per ctl for choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls * ' December—
2000 ctls, $1 38%: 4000, $1 38%; 2000, |1 38%;
4000. *1 38%: 8000, $1 8%; 24.000, Jl 89.
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 39%;
2000. 39%; 32,000, $1 39%. ■
Regular morning session— December 4ooo ctls,
!$1 39%; 4000, $1 39%; 20,000, *1 39%. May— 2ooo.
! $1 46% ; 4000, $1 47.
I Afternoon session— December — 20,000 ctls,
I $1 39,4- 2000, $1 39%: 2000, $1 39%; 32,000, $1 40;
! 2000, II 40%; 10,000. II -,«<>%- May— 2ooo. $1 47%;
j 2000 $1 47%; 2000. $1 47%; 6000, $1 48; 4000. |1 48*;
1 2tXK>, >. *1 48 H. • ' * ■■■"'■■'" ■' .
" BARLEY— Higher prices prevailed, both on
i and off call, and the demand was also bet
• ter The advance In futures was sharp. '
Feed, $1 18%©1 21%; Brewing nominal at $1 25
1 (ai 27 1 * CA LL BOARD SALES. V-'-.;
j CALL BOARD SALES.
! Informal session— • o'clock— —
j 4000 ctls, »1 IB; 2000. »1 15%; 14,000, $1 15%; 12,000.
I December— 2ooo ctls, $1 15%;
i 2000. $1 15%. ■ •••■.••••,■■'%■■• :_••.'■
Regular morning session— 4000 ctls,
Isl IC%. May— 2ooo, $1 19%: 2000, $1 19%.
Afternoon session— December— 2ooo ctle, $1 17;
i 4000 $1 1f."4: 6000, $1 17%; «000, $1 17%; 4000,
$1 17%; 2000. $1 18. May— Booo,. $1 19%; 14,000,
OATS— - market rules firm, but quota
tions show no change worthy of note.
Fancy Feed, $1 32% per ctl: good to choice,
1 $1 260] 30; • common, •>• II 2"<frl 22%: Surprise.
i $1 27%<S>1 33; gray, $1 20@l 25; milling, $1 22%
@1 27% per ctl. ■
CORN— There Is. nothing going on to change
prices, one way or: the other. -
Small round yellow,. sl 10@l 12% per ctl: large
yellow. $t.06%@l 10; white. $1 10©l 12%-. •
RYE- There is ha-" any offering, and \ the
price has been advanced to $1 1501 17% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75®1 90 per cU.
■ , ■ 0 - : . . - - m '■ ;.,' - .'..-■
' ' FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS. * _
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras.
|4 75@4 85; Bakers' extras, U 60@4 S) per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prtcea in sacks v* m fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per ltf> lb*: Rye Flour. $2 50 per 1C0;
Rice Flour. $5 75; Cornmeal. $2 25: extra cream
Cornmeai, S3: Oatmeal. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4:
Hominy, {3 10@3 30; Buckwheat Fiour. M;
Cracked Wheat. S3 B0; Farina, $4 SO: WTioU
Wheat Flour. t3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 25
0i X; In sacks, X 8505 4.": P.-nrl Barley, t\;
Split Peas, J3 75; Green Peas, »4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF 3.
The upper grades of Hay have again ad
vanced, but the medium and lower grades re
main unchanged. Bran and Middlings are
higher.
BRAN— Jin 59-517 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-S2O'S-i3 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF!?— RoIIed Barley, t25(?26 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $J8 a 0029 SO;
Jobbing, $30: Cocoanut Cake. $21 60#53 60; Cot
tonseed Meal. $2S!g3fi per ton: Cornmeal. $23 cS
24: Cracked Corn. $23 60024 50; Chopped Feed,
tneiit.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)-Wheat. W0
$23 50; Wheat and oo a t, $18 50g22 50; Oat, $17 50®
]» 50; Barley $17Sr«; compressed Wheat. $lv>f<p
22: compressed Oat. $Ifi'al'<; Alfalfa, $11®13;
stock. 112013: Clover, $IS#l4.
STRAW— 3S34Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans continue weak and dull at unchanged
prices.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 75@2 ™: Small Whites.
$1 4661 55; Large Whites. $1 4051*55: Pinks,
J' 25@2 40; Reds, $2#2 25; Blackeye, $2 40@2 50;
Butters $1 4001 60: Limns. $202 12H; Pea. $1 40
©1 55: Red Kidneys, $1 £602 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown . Mustard, $2 7503 per ctl:
Yellow Mustard, $2fi2 50; Flax, $2 S3; Canary
Seed, 2UO2&C per lb: Alfalfa, 3<g6c; Rape.
2J??v,r: H'l'i 1 . 3o: Tinmthv. s^c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 60^1 S5; Green, $1 75
@2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions are slightly higher again. Potatoes
are unchanged. ' - -
Considerable frozen Asparagus came In
again. It Is reported that the Cucumbers.
Corn and Summer Squash on Alameda Island
have been destroyed by frost, and that it la
to dry to replant them. A good many Vege
tables have been frozen in all districts during
the recent cold snap.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 500630 : River Reds,
50@55c: River Burbanks, 50960 c per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks, 50@90c; Petaluma Burbanks,
50@60c; Sweet Potatoes. 7Sc@Sl for Merced; j
new Potatoes. I(B"2VjC per lb. ;
ONlONS— Choice, $2 50^2 75; common, $1 75<g>
225 per r-tl: put Onions. 50c*i$l 25 n «r sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 668 boxes As
paragus. 334 boxes r.hubart) and 340 sks Peas.
Asparagus, oi§6c per lb for fancy, $1 75<32 25
per box tor No. 1, $1 8501 50 for No. 2: Rhubarb.
75c $l 25 per box; Alameda Green Peas, 2V4@3c
perlb; Dried Peppers, 6<f;7c per lb: Dried Okra,
12% c; Cabbage, 60075 c per ctl: Carrots. 25@60c
per sack: Garlic, 5@5%c per lb; Cucumbers, 50c
Csl per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, Mr per Ib In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@lSc: granulated raw,
18c: Onions 60c; Carrots, old, 13c;, new. ISc;
Cabbage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes. 30c: Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern was put on late In the
afternoon. Quotations for local stock are
nominal.
.POULTRY— Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob
bler* and 12513 c for Hens; dressed Turkeys.
l"-61."c per lb: Geese, per pair, $1 25®1 75:
Goslings, 12 50(53: Ducks. $3 50®5 for old and
1 $7<gß .'0 for young; Hens, $3@4 50; Roosters, |
' young J7@7 60; Roosters, old, $3 KO'g'4; Fry
ers, $6®6 50: Broilers. $5 So®6 for large. {3 500
4 50 for small: Pigeons. $24i2 25 per dozen for
young and $1 25@1 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are a fraction higher again. There is
no change In Butter and Cheese.
BUTTER— , ;
Creamery— Fancy creameries, l.'@lßVic; sec
onds, 16@17Vic. .
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 16@lic; second
grades, 14015 c per IK
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 16@16^c;
ladle-packed, 15@16c per It).
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9@loc; common
to good. 7%@S%c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
Young America, 10@llc; Western, ll@12c; East
ern. 12M:'©13Hc per It).
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. iZ*MjrHMfi per dozen;
store Eggs, 12 I=y.l3'-.0.1 = y .l3'-.0.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Dealers are demoralized by the reports of de
struction by frost coming ' in from all parts
of the State. The Peaches and Apricots have
been badly frozen everywhere.
At the Orange auction Navels sold at Sscig>
$1 40, Seedlings at 60@70c and Lemons at 25
@50c. ; ■;■' i ' 4 ' '
No strawberries were received.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 40@50c per box for common. 75c@$l
for good to choice and $1 25©1 40 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 25®
2 25; Seedlings. EOcOfl; Tangerines. 35@40c for
small boxes; Lemons, Eo@7scifor common and
I $lsil 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
' $4@4 50; California Limes. In small boxes, 40®
Hue: Bananas. $1 25@2 25 per bunch; Pineapples,
$304 per dozen. .
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Stagnation still characterizes this market
and the Eastern dealers continue to discredit
the reports of damage by frost, ' though they
are beginning to waver a little.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 3%@
4»4c for 40-50' B. 3&@3%c for 60-60' s, 2%<S3V«c
for 60-70's, 2'i®2* c for 70-SO's, l»i@2v;c for 80
90's, liiol?ic for 90-100's; Peaches, 2>4@4c;
fancy, 414@5c:4 1 4@5c: peeled. 10<S i 1 Apricots. s@6c
for Royals and 7@7V4c for good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 6%@"V4c; sun-dried,
4fisc; Black, Figs, in sacks, 2(Ji2M!c; Plums,
4: i4 i 4 c for pitted and Italic for unpitted;
bleached Plums, s'iis l^c; Nectarines, 4@sc for
prime to fancy: Pears, 2Vi@4'Ac for quarters
and S9S%c for halves, according to color, etc. m
RAISINS— I%@2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3^c for four-crown, V/ 3 c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2i;c for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
110 for London layers; dried grapes, J>_>\ .
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at Sc per
Ib- Walnuts, stffec for hardshell and 65?7c for
softshell: Almonds. 2V4<S'3%c for hardshell, s@6c
for softshell and 7@3c for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4®6Uc for Eastern and 4' a for California:
Pecans. 6H®Sc; Filberts. 8H@10c; Brazil Nuts,
B©9c per tT>: Cocoanuts. $4 WiTS per 100.
HONEY— Comb, B€loc for bright and s<3>7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, '4%©
sc; light amber extracted, 3%@4V4c per It).
PROVISIONS.
Trade Is at a standstill. No change in prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9Vie per 1b for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10»;c for light,
lie for extra light and llHo for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, XH 2 @llc; Califor
nia Hams. 10c: Moss Beef, $9 per bbl : extra
mess di $10; family do, $11@12; Salt Pork. V.
extra rrime Pork, $10; extra clear, $1S; mess,
$16; Smoked Beef, lift 12c per lb.
LARD- Eastern tierces quoted at s^c per lb
for compound and 7c for pure: palls, 7%c:
California tierces, Etto per lb for compound
and 6'4c- for pure; half-barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
7Hc; do. 5-lb, Sc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6Hff?C%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb pails. 60 In a case. B'fcc;
3-lb pails. 20 In a case, S%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case B'ic 10-lb palls, 6 in a case. SHe; 50-Ib
tins' 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, 7"4 c: fancy tubs. 90 lbs net, 7%c; half
bbls. about 110 lbs. 7>>jc per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
All descriptions rule dull at unchanged prices.
. HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about 1c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9@oV4c; light, 3c; Cow
hides Pc; stags. 6c; salted Kip, 9M;c; Calf, 10c;
dry Hides, 16<7M6Vi>c; culls and brands. 13@13V*c:
dry Kip and Veal. UUc: dry Calf, 17i,4@
19^,c- culls, l«r: Goatskins. 30ift37c Mich: Kids,
6®loc; Deerskins, good summer, 2fj@3oc per lb,
medium. 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shear
lings 20@30c each; short wool, 40@70c . each;
medium. 70®i>0c; long wools, DOc^Jl 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 31iP3i^c per lb; No.
2 2'<r2 1 c; refined, Gc; Grease, 2@2V4c.
WOOL— clip— San Joaquin, defective, 7©
9c - Southern Mountain. 9@llc; free Northern,
12'S'13c; do. defective. 9(glle per lb.
HOPS — Old crop, 2@Gc for poor to fair and 8@
10c for good; new crop, ll@l4c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal ; Wool
Bass, nominal; San Quentin, $5 30.
Wellington. $10 per ton; New Welling
ton, $10; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 50: Coos Bay,
$5 &0;-Wallsend. $7 50; Scotch, $10; Cumberland,
$10 in bulk and $11 in sacks; Pennsylvania
Anthracite Egg, $15; Cannel,,,slo per ton; Rock
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $9;
Coke $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in sacks. ■-■■'•■-.
COFFEE— C. E. • Blckford's circular says: ■ i
"Market continues quiet, with a downward
tendency for all descriptions of .washed
Coffees, especially Guatemalan, which buyers
still continue to avoid. Costa Rlcas have been
taken in a sparing way and with even these
small Bales a further reduction has been es
tablished in quotations as given below. :-Un
washed Salvadors about hold their ground, and
the sentiment in their favor noted in our last
review has been supported in a practical ■ way
by liberal engagements for forward delivery on
the basis of existing spot prices. The New
York , market .for Brazilians Is again lower
compared with last week's figures. - To-day's
stock consists of 4335 Costa Rice, 171 Nicaragua,
71"7 Salvador," 14,356 Guatemala and 906 Mexi
can; In all, 26,803 bags, as against 16.566 bags
same time last year. The steamer San Bias is
due about the 30th inst., with 4250 bags."
We '■ quote: - Costa Rica, 16<2?17c . for prime
washed. 13tt@14c for good washed, 16@16&c for
good to prime washed peaberry. 14@15c ; for
good peaberry,. 12tt©14'/4c. for good to prime, 11
®12c for good current mixed with black beans,
9{?ll"-c for fair. 5V5~V™c for common to ordi
nary: Salvador, " 12@14c for ' good to prime
washed 10@ll%c for fair washed, 14@15c I for
good to prime washed peaberry, . SH^'Hc for
superior unwashed, <?i@Sc for good green un
washed 11 '•'.©lie for good to prime unwashed
peaberry; Nicaragua. S@'Jl4c for good to super
ior unwashed. 11 '.t® 12c for good unwashed pea
berry; Guatemala and Mexican, IGVi'&ISc for
prime to fancy washed, 13®15c for : good to
strictly good washed. 1 ll@l2^c for fair washed,
7©loc for medium, 6@6?40 for common to ordi
nary, lsH<f?lß'-4c for good to prime washed pea
berry, ll^i»12o for good unwashed peaberry, 80
9Hc for good to superior unwashed.
' SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com- "
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6*; c; Powdered. b^c; Dry
Granulated. 5Hc: Confectioners' A. J- S c: Mag
nolia A. oVic: Extra C.oHc: Golden l. m:
Candy Granulated. 5%c: California A. o-j&c per
rb; half barrels &c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
' SAN FRANCISCO ' MEAT MARKET.
There is no further decline in Hogs, but j
they are weak. The other descriptions are un
changed. '.-"••
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6i4@7c: second quality. ,
6H4Mc; third quality. 4®3c per lb. i
VEA i;— Large. 6W6»ie: small. 7<S7'4c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9c; Ewe.-=, Si»@3c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. KXg'llc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4^«?4»<.c for large. 4',c
for email and 4't.c for medium; stock Hogs, ■
Z%@Zc; dressed Hogs, 6@6V4c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For .Monday, March ?<*.
Flour, qr sks ... 30.90S I Lime, bbls SI
Wheat, ctls .....66.750 1 Hides, no »]
Barley, ctls 3.015 Hay. tons 319 J
Corn, ctls .... 425 Straw, tons 21 ,
Rye. ctls 400: Wool, bales 360 |
Butter, ctls 320 i Shorts, sks 175 i
Cheese, ctls 10! Eggs, doz 14,100
Beans, sks ;■. oil I Quicksilver, flsk. 90
Potatoes, sks ... 1,022 1 Leather, rolls ... 36
Onions, ska 225 j Lumber, ft 10.000 ■
Bran. pk3 .: Wine, gals 33,900 ,
Middlings, sks .. 198 !
OREGON.
Flour, ar sks ... 3.912 Onions, sks JS
Wheat, ctls ..... 3.110 Bran, fks 2,620 j
Barley, ctls 100 Middlings, sks .. 18.
Oats, ctls 6«5| Shorts, sks 1 00
Potatoes, sks ... j 5,3261
NEVADA.
Onions, sk3 ..•■■■.. 2251 •— i
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
of Ohio and Cottage streets. N 2"rt, R 8S:10 to
creek, thence along said creek 2.'.0 to N Cot- I
tage, thence W 115:9 to beginning, being lots
94 to 98, block 6, Lands of Oakland Prospect
Homestead Association, Oakland; $10.
Same to Charles J. Bass, lot on SW line of
Lake Shore avenue. 196:4 SW from S corner ,
of Prospect and Lake Shore avenues, SW 101:2, !
SE 134:4. NE 101. N\V 130. to beginning, being j
lots 5 an<l 6. Capitol Homestead Association,
East Oakland; $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Joseph j
Bolrard, lot on SW corner of AUston way and !
Fourth street, YV 9S by S 90, being the N '.'0
feet of lots 4 and X, block 113, Tract B, Berke- i
ley Land and Town Improvement Association. |
Berkeley; $5.
Charles and Ida Armstrong to Pacific States
Savings, Loan and Building Company, lot on I
E line of Spruce street, 240 N of Vine, N 40 \<y
B 134:7. being lots 11 and 12. block 1, sub
division of T. M. Antisell'a map of Vllia Lots,
Berkeley; ?5.
C. P. and H. M. Kern to same, same, Berke- j
ley, quitclaim deed; $.'..
Edwin and 8. R. Whltcomb to S. E. ami 11.
Bret*, lot on W line of Shuey avenue, IS4 S
of East Twenty-seventh street. S 40 by W 139,
being a portion of Shuey estate, .Brooklyn
Township; $1500.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Charles M. |
MacGregor, lot on N line of Thirty-second i
street. 35:9 W of Linden. W 40 by » 100, Oak
land; $10.
J. L. and Nellie B. Scotehler, Louis and ]
Anna B. Gottshall (by commissioner) to George
C. Edwards, lots 6 to 19, block 6, Shaw Tract,
Berkeley; lots 6 to 13. block 2. same. Berkeley;
excepting lot on N line of University avenue,
250 W cf Sacramento street, W 170 by N KM,
being lots 6, 13 and portion of lots 7 and 12, I
block 2, same, Berkeley; $13,000.
BUILDERS" CONTRACTS.
Margaret O'Brien (owner) with T. B. Smith
(contractor), W. F. O'Brien, superintendent.
Woodwork, lumber and mill work, picture
molding, nails and hardware, excepting
plumbing, brick work, sewers and patent
chimneys for completion of abandoned con
tract on a 2-Mory frame building on NE cor
ner of Ellis and Pierce streets, 40 on Ellis by
87:6 on Pierce; $1120.
Wells. Fargo & Co. (owners) with Joseph
F Forderer (contractor), architects, Percy &
Hamilton. Iron, steel, galvanized iron, cop
per work, concrete, glass, glazing, hardware,
etc., for light shaft, skylight, column cas
ings conductors, etc. for a 6-story granite
and brick building on NE line of Second street.
ItSO from X corner of Mission and Second, NX
112 by SE ltt; $315 C.
Mrs. Josephine V. Tost (owner) with E. \\ .
Hyde (contractor), architect, none. AH work
for a J-story frame building on W line of Jones,
52 N of Filbert. N X by W I<V>: $4400.
THE CALL, C. -ENDAK.
March. 1898.
Su.'Mo Tu.
6 | 7 8
U U; 15
20 21 11
27 2S ! 21>
We
2
3
10
17
Fr.
E
I 11
Moon's Phases.
©lull Moon,
Mar 8.
/fj-Last Quarter
Vid. Mar. It.
- f^f. New Moon,
I W Mar. 22.
.JL
23
30
19
24
81
M
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Office of the Llghthousa Board, Washington,
D. C, March 21, 1898. I
Notice is hereby given that on or about April
7, IS9B, the following-described beacon lights
Will be established in Grays Harbor and the i
Chehalis River: '
Lower Beacon Light— A fixed white lantern !
light, suspended 16 teet above the water, from
an arm on a pile in the water on the northerly i
side of the North Channel in Grays Harbor,
and just to the westward of the southwesterly ;
corner of Grays Harbor City dock. The ap- ■
proximate geographical position of the pile, as
taken from chart No. 6195 of the United States
Coast and Geodetic Survey, is: Latitude, north i
46 degrees 57 minutes 48 seconds; longitude,
west 123 degrees, 58 minutes 15 seconds.
Rennies Island Beacon Light— A fixed white ;
lantern light, suspended 16 feet atfbve the water, j
from an arm on a three-pile structure in the
water on the southerly side of the North Chan- <
nel in Grays Harbor, and at the extreme west- :
erly end of Rennies Jsland. The approximate |
geographical position of the structure, as taken ,
from chart No. 61 I JS of the United States Coast
and Geodetic Survey, is: Latitude, north 46
degrees 57 minutes 43 seconds; longitude, west j
123 degrees, 66 minutes 18 seconds. Bearings of !
prominent objects, as taken from the above- j
named chart, are: Hotel at Hoquiam, north- ;
east '4 north: southwesterly corner Grays Har
bor City dock, west-southwest Ml west.
Hoquiam River Beacon Light— A fixed red
lantern light, suspended 16 feet above the
water, from an arm on a three-pile structure |
in the water at the point on the easterly side [
of the mouth of the Hoquiam River, and on j
the northerly side of the North Channel in
Grays Harbor. The approximate geographical
position of the structure, as taken from chart
No. 6195 of the United States Coast and Geo
detic Survey, is: Latitude, north 46 degrees
5S minutes 9 seconds; longitude, west 123 de
grees 53 minutes 16 seconds. Bearings of promi
nent objects, as taken from the above-named
chart, are: Southwesterly corner Gray Harbor |
City dock, southwest by west V 4 west; hotel at j
Hoquiam, west by north.
South Channel Beacon Light— A fixed white j
lantern light, suspended 12 feet above the !
water, from an arm on the dolphin marking
the easterly end of the dike running easterly [
from the upper end of Rennies Island, on the ]
southerly side of the North Channel In Grays |
Harbor and the westerly side of the upper !
entrance to the South Channel. The approxi- i
mate geographical position of the dolphin, as
taken from Chart No. 6195 of the United States
Coast and Geodetic Survey. I*: Latitude, j
north 46 degrees 57 minutes 24 seconds; longi- '
tude, west 123 degrees 51 minutes 24 seconds. |
Bearings of prominent objects, as taken from j
the above-named chart, are: Westerly end of !
West Aberdeen Dock, south by eaat % east; [
hotel at Hoquiam. west T* north.
Cow Point Beacon Light— A fixed white lan
tern light, suspended 16 feet above the water,
from an arm on a two-pile structure in the j
water on the southerly side of Cow Point, j
northerly Bide of the mouth of the Chehalis ;
River. The approximate geographical post- i
tion of the structure, as taken from Chart No. :
6195 of the United States Coast and Geodetic
Survey, is: Latitude, north 46 degrees ,"i7 m!n- i
utPS 41 seconds: longitude, west 123 degrees :
50 minutes 5S seconds. Bearing of prominent
object, as taken from the ttoove-named chart, '■
is: Hotel at Hoquiam. west H south.
Bearings are magnetic and given approx!- '
mately; heights are referred to mean high i
water.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and ;
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1597," page 26. after ;
No. 1107, and the "List of Beacons and Buoys,
Pacific Coast. 1596." page 60.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. S. SCHLEY.
Commodore U. S. Navy, Chairman.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners nithout regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are eorilally Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
light?, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
eraph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian.
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar*
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time cr giving the error. If any, is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the morning papers the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. V. S. N., in -charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS—ALASKA.
Notice is hereby given that the following
named buoys have gone adrift from their po
sitions In Alaskan waters, and affects the List
of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1896:
Tongass Narrows, page 72 —California Rock
buoy, a red and black horizontally striped sec
ond-class nun.
Saginaw Channel, page 75—Favorite Reef
buoy, No. 2, a red first-class nun.
Lynn Canal, page 75—Vnnderbilt Reef buoy,
• red and black horizon ta~ y striped flrtt-oltuu
nun.
Neva Straits, pace 77— Whitestone Narrows
buoy No. 2. a red MCOnd-claM spar. _
Norther* Rapids, page 7>— Rose Island Rscic
buoy No. 5, a black •ecc | nd-cla«« can..
These buoys will be replaced on their sta
tions is soon as practicable.
By order of the United States Lighthouse
Board. GFO C. REITER. .
Commander. U. S. Navy, Inspector Thirteenth
Lighthouse District. ■■
Office of the United States Lighthouse In
spector. Portland. Or.. March -'.'■. '..'•■'!■
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
' San ■ Francisco Bar— California.
Office of US Lighthouse Inspector, Twelfth
}S r C s!an Francisco. Cal., March 2S. IS9?.
A bell buoy, painted green, has been placed
as a temporary aid to navigation, 250 yards
south of the wreck of the bark Helen \\
Almy. in seventeen fathoms of water, on the
following bearing: Magnetic. Point San Pedro
ESI-:, 6 miles: Bonita Point Lighthouse. N %
E. 10Vi miles. By order or the Liehthouse
Board« CHARLES E. L. B. DAVIS,
Major corps of Engineers. D. S. A, Engineer
Twelfth Lighthouse District. _^_____
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. If.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. March
2S. ISPS.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly nt noon to-day— i. c.. at noon of th«
M9th meridian or exact'v S p. m.. Green
wich time. W. P. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. P. N.. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coaot and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Ray. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low watf>rs occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes Inter than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the fame at both places.
MARCH-1A&
Tuesday, Murch 29.
Sunrises 5 ; 5*
Sun sets '>'■'&
Moon sets P. :68 a.m.
iliildFeet ! Tlme[ Feet ' 111!!!: ' Feet JTlmel Peei
IH-W-I L \Y .'H tVI iT, Wl
1 3:lXi 4.31 11:02 Osl 7:351 3.» »»:■"-* I SI
I *:0» <.:' 12:1* IV Silt s 4.1
L W H W L \V II W
0:U 3.6 5:3'J 4.1 12:51 0.9 8:42 4.1
1:20 3.2 8:59 4.1 .1:33 09 9:(Xi 4.0
' 2:10 2.» 8:01 4.2 1 2:21 1.0 9:19 4.7
, 2:51 2.4 8:51 1.4 302 1.1 9:41 4.9
3:31 1.8 9:S9i 4.-i 3:30 l.:< 10:05 5.0
1:09 I
L W
0:U
1:20
2:10
2:5)
8:81
4.2
U
1
I
3.6
3.2 i
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tldet
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United Stßtes Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractlvp from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
teference Is the mean of th-- lower low waters.
mi: vv. i:u.«. to ARUIVB.
STEAMEK.
Weeott IHumboldt
San Bias I Panama
Peru lOhltia and Japan
Titanta Nanaimo
HumDOidt Alaska
Santa Rosa Pan Dleeo
Homer Hiimbodli
Mackinaw Tacoma
Zealandla Honolulu
Coos Bay Newport
State or Cai Portiana .
UmatiUa Victoria A Puret Sna. ....
Pomona. San Dieero
Burma Nanaimo ■
Orizaba Mexico
Coiumoia Portiana
North Forx Hum do id t ...
Mm 29
Mar 29
Mar 2i
Mar 29
Mar 30
Mar 30
Mar 31
Mar 31
Mar 31
Apr 1
Apr 1
Apr 2
Apr 3
Apr 3
Apr 4
Apr 5
Apr 5
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steam ek. :
VATIOXi
Sails.
I PtER.
A rcn ta I Coos Bay | Mar 29. 10 a m | Pier lit
Samoa Humboktt .... ;Mar Ml 9am
Columbia. Portland Mar 30. 10 am Pier 21
Nortn Fork'Humboidt.... M;ir HI. SAM Pier 2
Weeott i Humbldt Bay. M;ir 31. 9am Pier M
Sain;i Rosa ; San D1e*0.... Apr 1. 11 aji Pier 11
Huinooidf. I Alaska Apr 1
Walla Wll3 i Vie & P Sounu Apr 1. 10 am Pier >A
Homer I Humbolot.... |Apr 2.10 am Plff 9
Be:g-ie China & Japan Apr 2. li'MiPM S3
Cooa ttav.. iNewport Apr 3. »AM|Pler li
State of Cai ; Portland Apr 3. 1U am | Pier 2i
Pomona.. ! San Dieiro ! Apr .v nam Pier 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, March 28.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson, — hours from Hu«
j neme.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 48 hours from Cooa
I Bay.
Ptmr Cleone, YValvig, 12 hours from Point
| Arena.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 23 hours from Eu-
'■ reka.
Stm» "Walla Walla. Thomas, 60Vi hours from .
; Victoria and Puget Sound.
Stmr Columbia. Goodall. 59V* hours from
! Portland, via Astoria 41U hours.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett. 35 hours from
! Ventura.
■ Ship M P Grace. Chlpperfield, Port Towns-
I end; Robert Ward & Co. .
Bktn Chehalis, Simonsen, 6 days from Co
lumbia River.
Bktn Retriever, Bogan, 7 days from Port
Gamble.
Sehr La Chllena, Campbell, 8 hours from
i Fort Ross.
Schr Alice Cooke, Penhallow, 24 days from
1 Honolulu. " .
Schr Rio . Rey, Vogel. 4 days from Siuslaw
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
' de^a.
j Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, 20 hours from Flsks
Mill. .- v , '■
Schr Gem, Olsen, 6 days from Tillamook
lU> " CLEARED.  ' '
Monday. March 28.
Br stmr Wellington, Nanaimo; R Dunsmuir
i Sons Co. . . •■•',-■■■; _ .
Stmr Colon, Macklnnon, Panama, etc. Pao
; Mail a S Co. -■'.••• : - .
Stmr Pomona, Debney, San .Diego; Goodall,
; Perkins & Co. . ■
Br ship Benares, James, Liverpool; Balfour,
Guthrie & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, March 28.
! Stmr Colon. Macklnnon. Panama, etc.
! Schr Nettie Low. Low Point Reyes. .
| Schr Newark, Beck, Bowcns Landing.
. LEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March :s. 10 p. Weather,
hazy; wlnd.NW; velocity. SS miles.
CHARTERS.
The Carrollton loads coal at Comox for
' Dutch Harbor; Wnchiisett, coal at Nanaimo
1 for Unalaska; Tropic Bird, mdse at this port
; for Tahiti. •■■.'•".-■:
SPOKEN.
I Per Rio March r -Lat 42 28 -N. long
j 125 09 W, sealing schr Beatrice, with 150 seal
' skins. Wished to reported all well.
March 13— Lat 25 N. long 40 W. Ger ship
! Adolf, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
, MISCELLANEOUS. :>-*■ $
LONDON. March' 2S— Ger ship Pampa. from
i Hamburg for San Franicsco. towed to Graves
end having been ashore. The vessel is not
leaking. Jettisoned cargo to amount of 1260
j b^ONDON. March 2<5-Br ship Simla at Bris
j tol, from San Francisco, on October 24 had
sails blown away, binnacle smashed, life boats
I damaged, also bows dented by striking some
; object while in tow in the river Avon.
■'*- DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived March 27— Schr John A,
• "sailed 27— Stmr North Fork, for San
| F PORT CO LOS ANGELES— Arrived March 27
: Stmr Alcazar, from . • '•'
Sailed March 2S— Haw stmr San Mateo, for
I WESTPORT— SaiIed March 27— Sch C H Mer- .
chant for : stmr Coquille River, for . ,
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived March 28-Stmr
i Sunn], from Unalaska. . ' . .
ASTORIA— March Stmr State of
California, hence March 20. 28— Schr Alice, fm
EUREKA— Arrived March 28— Schr Alice, fm
Sl NEWPORT— March 28— Stmr Westport
' fO GR I l HARBOR-Arrived March 27-Schr
; Ida McKay, hence March 1; schr Melancthon,
! March 23.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUATMAS— SaiIed March 25— Stmr Orizaba,
! f °HONGKO>"o-^ Arrived March 26— Br ' stmr
M COLbN^Saile^ O March 25— Stmr Advance, for
COLON— Sailed March 25— Stmr Advance, for
N RANTA k ROSALIA— March 6-Ger ship
! °HONbKONG-A?r\ved March ' 27-Br stmr
! HONGKONG- Arrived March 27— Br stmr
Gaelic, hence Feb 23, via Honolulu,
i ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
; NEW YORK — Arrived March Stmr Mas
! sachusetts, from London. 2S-Stmr Assyrian,
"giaSGOW— Sailed March 28— Stmr Assyrian,
i f °GE P NOA-S P alied March 2S_Stmr Augusta Vie
: torla.* for New York (returning from Oriental
1 -"PHILADELPHIA— Arrived March 28— Stmr
j Rhynland. from Liverpool.
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
Of Locarno. Switzerland, and
CALIFORNIA MORT6A6E& SAVINGS BANK,
524 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Paid up capital and reserves $€20,000
A General Savings and Commercial Bankinz
business transacted.
Interest paid on savings deposits.
Loans on approved real estate security and
on commercial paper.
DIRECTORS:
Ernst A. Denlcke. A. Sbarboro, J. C. Rued,
E Martlnonl, F. C. Slpbe. A. Tognazzint, H.
Brunner. McD. R Venable. A. G. Wieland.
F. Kronenberg, Chas. Martin. C. Gehret, P.
Tcsnazzlnl, 8. Grandl, a. Rottanii.
1920
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
VALUED LIFE
AT LESS THAN
TWO DOLLARS
For That Sum Charles
Gates Is Clubbed
to Death.
Joaquin Eslaba Calmly
Confesses the Brutal
Crime.
Choked the Tamale Vender
Before Beating In His
Skull.
THE VICTIM A CRIPPLE.
Murderer Arrested While Trying to
Make His Escape Across
the Bay.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
903 Broadway, March 28.
The killing of Charles Gates, the crip
pled tamale maker, by Joaquin Eslaba
was a brutal example of what a bru
tal instinct is capable of. There does
not appear to be a single suggestion
of intelligence in the crime. It was
planned coarsely, was carried out
The Tamale Parlor in the Basement Where a Brutal Young: Mexican Beat the
Crippled Proprietor to Death.
coarsely and the murderer's attempts
to hide the traces of crime were equally
Coarse.
The crime was a horrible butchery —
murder is too dignified a name for It.
Never has such evidence of an insane
desire to kill a fellow man been ex
posed in the Oakland Morgue ap is
presented by Gates. One-tenth of the
blows showered on the old man's head
by the piece of gas pipe would have
been sufficient to cause death, but Es
laba wanted blood.
As soon as Eslaba was arrested he
began to confess and he has been con
fessing all day. His official-confes
sion was made to Prosecuting Attor
ney Malvin and is as follows:
"I live at 807 Market street, San
Francisco."
"What is your occupation?"
"I was in the tamale business
there."
"Did you ever work for the man
that was munlered last night?"
"No, 1 never did. We worked to
gether in San Francisco."
"How did you come to go to the
murdered man's place of busi
ness?"
"To get a job."
"What took place after you got
there?"
"We sat talking about the tamale
business, and about S o'clock a man
and woman came. I think the
woman's name is Grace Galindo.
The man. I . .ink, works in tne
Macdonough building. We were all
drinking. About 1:15 or 1:30 o'clock
the man and woman left. Gates
and I continued talking, and I
asked him to lena me some money.
He said business was poor and
that he could not let me have any
money. He asked me why I did
not go to the next corner and sell
tamales. The:- he said, 'Why don't
you go back to your wife?' I said
I left her once and I would not go
back. He then asked me about
some money tha- I once owed him.
I said I did not think it was right
for him to send a bill for $3 50 to
my boßs, when I only owed, hint
$1 75. My boss paid the bill."
'What did he say about your
wife?"
"He Baid she had been in the
business. He did not say what
business, but I knew that he meant
that she had been a bad woman. I
said, 'Keep yo.r mouth shut, and
hit him in the face. He called
•Murder!" and I thought I would
finish him, so I hit him with a club
that I found in a box that I had
been sitting on."
"Did you ga - or tie him before
hitting him with the club?"
"After 'hitting him with the club
he commenced haJlooing. so I tied
a cord around his nock and hit him
with a piece of gaspipe and finished
him."
"Had you been good friends with
the murdered man previous to last
night?"
"We always had been good
friends."
"Did you quarrel about the bill?
"Yes. a little. In July the bill was
paid. This is the lirst time we had
had any words about it."
"Why did you go to Gates' place
last night?"
"Because I had known him so
long when I worked In this city."
"Did you conclude to ...lil him
when you struck him with the
club?"
"1 thought I might as well kill
him and fmis'i him. The ilrst time I
hit him with my list; then I hit
him with i..c club."
"Did you intend to get the money
back that you had paid him?"
"No, I i. -i not. I said ihe bill
was all right, as I couldn't read,
and I did not know what it said."
"What made you hit him in the
first place? '
"He spoke abMit my wife. I said:
'If you don't keep your mouth shut
I will punch you.' When I knocked
him down he began to bleed in the
left side of the face. Then I hit
him with the pipe."
"Did you take anything from the
murdered man?"
"I only took his watch. I did not
go through the rest of his pockets.
Then I went to the money drawer
and took what money there was in
it."
Detective Holland here stated
that there was about $1 75 and a
suck of money in the drawer.
The prisoner said: "1 thought
that as the man was dead he
would not ne<?d the money, so I
took it. I did not count the money
in the sack."
"Where did you go after you had
killed the murdered man?"
"I went across the street to San
Pablo avenue. I was going to San
Francisco."
••Would you have denied commit
ting the murder if any one had
asked you about it after you had
done it?"
"No. I would not. The bill was
for tamales that I had bought from
him seven or eight years ago. when
I sold tamales here. Before I left
the place 1 blew out all the lights
and shut the door, which had one
of those locks that locks itself.
I then went to the sink and washed
my hands, and t.en went Into ..ie
bedroom and dried my hands with
a towel I found there."
"How old are you?"
"I am 29 years old, and was born
In California,"
"Were you ever in trouble be
fore?"
"Yes. In San Diego I stole a
horse with another fellow, and got
six months in San Quentin. After
getting: out of ja*i I went to Santa
Rosa and worked on a ranch."
"Were you going to San Fran
cisco after you committed the mur
der?"
"I went to the narrow-gauge
depot."
Detective Holland said that he
recalled him to memory when he
was in <-a.kiand before, and asked
him if he had not grown stouter.
The prisoner said yes, that he was
stouter.
"Where is your wife now?"
"She is living on Market street,
in this city. When I came bac.
from Santa Rosa I found tuat my
wife had been going around in sa
loons with men."
"Where did you go after going to
the narrow-gauge depot?"
"I went to Bruadwav, from there
to Eighth, then to Eighth and
Washington and then to Seventh
street, to the Oakland House,
which is opposite the broad-gauge
depot. I slept there until 5:30 this
rr.orning; then I got on the first
train to go to the city. At the
pier. I was arrested by the officers.
I knew Kyte when I was in Oak
land before, but I did not see him
until he was too close.
Grace Galindo and John Metz, who
were arrested early this morning be
cause they had been seen late at the ta
male kitchen, were released this after
noon, as they are not in any way con
cerned in the murder.
There is no doubt that Eslaba's mo
tive was robbery and that the story
of being annoyed at the mention of his
wife's name is merely an excuse. Es
laba is an ex-convict, but since he has
been known in Oakland he appears to
have behaved himself. His arrest was
very cleverly effected, and was the re
sult of the plans of Captain Fletcher.
When the police searched the kitchen
they found a woman's hat, which was
identified as belonging to a girl named
Grace Galindo. The girl was soon
found in a lodging-house and from her
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, 3IAKCH 29, 1898.
1 It was learned that Joaquin Eslaba was
lln the kitchen when she left. It was
; concluded that he would know some
i thins about the murder, and that he
! would attemnt to get over to San Fran
i Cisco by the early trains. The de
i pots were watched and Detective Hol
land landed the prisoner, as he was
: about to board a train.
Eslaba had made great efforts to
: hide the traces of his crime. There
was much blood on his clothes and he
took a room at the Oakland House,
near the depot. He says he could not
get the blood off his shirt, so he turned
it inside out. and it was in this condi
tion when he was arrested. He says
] he slept soundly and did not wake till
: the trains began running this morn-
ing. :'"•■_
The murderer Is about 29 , years old
I and is not at all attractive. He dis
cusses his crime, almost' with satisfac
! tion, and says if he had not been drink
i ing he would never have killed Gates.
The Coroner ordered an autopsy this
: afternoon which showed that the tem
poral and facial arteries were severed.
The jury to-night returned the fallow
ing verdict after taking the testimony
of six persons:
We, the jury, do find that the name of
the deceased was Charles E. Gates, a na
tive of Massachusetts, aged about 43
i years, and that he came to his death at
Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland. Ala
meda County, Cal.. at about 11:30 o'clock
p. m.. March 27, 1898. and that death was
caused by concussion of the brain, hem
orrhage and strangulation with a string:,
, said Injuries being inflicted by Joaquin
Eslaba, and we do hereby charge the
said Joaauin Eslaba with the crime of
murder. - --■ -'■ •
OVERCROWDED SCHOOLS.
Public Meeting to Be Held To-mor
row Night to Discuss the Matter.
ALAMEDA. March 2S.— A meeting of
1 citizens interested in the public schools
has been called for to-morrow evening at
the City Hall to hear the report of the
committee on the best means for relieving
the overcrowded condition of the nubile
schools, and especially the high school.
The committee, will recommend the hold
ing of a bond election for the issuance of
i a moderate amount of bonds, sufheient to
construct a grammar school in one of the
i crowded districts, probably the Haight,
! which will relieve the pressure on the
building at present occupied by some of
the grammar classes and the high school
i as well. It is not at ah certain that even
; a small amount of bonds will carry, as
i people are very averse to increase the
i present amount of taxation.
The Unitarian Ciub.
ALAMEDA, March 28.— The regular
fortnightly meeting of the Unitarian Club
will be held on Wednesday evening. Be
; sides the musical feature of the proceed
i ings there will be a paper read by Pro
{ fessor C. C. Hughes on "Manual Training;
in the Elementary Schools," to be fol
lowed by a discussion of the subject by
those in attendance.
Exchanged Shots.
ALAMEDA, March 2S.— Tt is reported
that a sharp fusillade took place last
evening in a residence on Santa Clara
avenue, near Willow street, in which an
! angry husband, an unwelcome young
man and a supposedly faithless wife were
the principal actors. The police profess
profound ignorance of the entire affair,
except from street rumor, and no one cah
be found who is willing to stand sponsor
for giving names or street number.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. March 28.— The funeral of
the late Augustus Layer will be held to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock at tne Ma
sonic Temple. Pacific Lodge of San
Francisco, of which deceased was a mem
ber, will take charge of the remains and
convey them to the city for Interment.
The late P. L. Perkins win be buried
from Masonic Hall to-morrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock. His Interment will be at
Mountain View.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 28.— Professor Jo
seph Le Conte, the veteran geologist at
the university, has been conrined to his
bed for several days with the grip. He
\ras better to-day, however, and hopes to
resume his work at college to-morrow.
Professor L. Dv Pont Syle will lecture
at the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art,
San Francisco, to-morrow auernoon at 4
o'clock on the "Influence of Moliere Upon
the English Comedy of Manners." The
lecture Is the first of a university exten
sion series of three lectures on the drama.
J. K. Momtt '86 has presented the uni
versity library with $100 for tne purchase
of books.
The finance committee of the Board of
Regents will meet at the Mark Hopkins
Institute to-morrow afternoon at 3
o'clock.
The following new members have been
added to the students' congress: J L
Goldsmith '01, J. R. Robinson 00, H s'
Robison \O, J. W. S. Butier 01, Charles
Reith '00 and A. ..'. Aitken '00.
Farmers' institutes will be held March
30 and 31 at Newman, and April 1 and 2
at Fresno and Llvermore. Professor
Wickson and Mr. Fowler will speak at
Newman, Professors Wickson and V.'ood
worth at Fresno, and Professor Hayne
Mr. Fowler and Mr. Bioletti at Liver
more.
The following ball players have been ex
cused by Lieutenant Cloman from mili
tary drill until after April 20: Kaars
burg, Mott, Cheseboroug-h, Beiuing, Swan
Sims, Collins, McLaren, McCable and
Kerfoot.
The agricultural department of the
university has published its exchange
seed list. The list comprises 220 species
and varieties.
A MISER BOUND
AND ROBBED
Henry Hayland's Gold
Taken Before His
Eyes.
Three Men Enter His Hut at
Midnight and Carry Away
His Savings.
Ho Rejoices in the Fact That They
Only Procured a Portion of
His Coin.
OAKLAND, March 28.— Henry Hayland,
who for the past twenty years or more
has lived In a little shanty Just outside
the town limits of Oakland, was to-night
robbed of about $65 in coin and a gold
watch under peculiar circumstances.
Hayland is an old man, owning about
two hundred acres of land, and has the
reputation of being a miser. He has lived
in a little wreck of a shanty on the out
skirts of the c»ty and carefully hidden
away his savings where they would be
easy of access in case of need, or for the
common purpose of the miser— to gloat
over them in the stilly hours of the night.
At about midnight" to-night three men
entered the lonely cabin on the hillside,
bound its sole occupant, and, at the point
of the pistol, compelled him to tell where !
his treasure of a lifetime was buried. |
Before his very eyes they took It, and
left him bound alone and gloating over
the fact that he never revealed the
whereabouts of his largest store.
Later in the night a casual passer-by
was startled by the groans and cries of
the miserable man, and paused long
enough to make an investigation. En
tering the wretched hovel, he found its
occupant bewailing the gold he had lost
and struggling frantically to break forth
from his bonds. Hayland was at once re
leased and told his story, wailing over
what he had lost and rejoicing because
he had deceived the robbers In not noti
fying thorn where the balance of his
money lay safely hidden.
The police were at once notified, and
although Hayland has no idea who the
robbers were. Sergeant Morrison has
hopes of capturing them from his descrip
tion. _______________
FATAL LEAK IN
A GAS FIXTURE
Benjamin Smith, Pension Clerk,
a Victim of the Deadly
Vapor.
Had Turned Off the Gas From a
Lamp, but the Ruboer Hose
Was Leaky.
Benjamin Smith, who worked as clerk
for Pension Agent P. F. Walsh, came to
his death yesterday morning by inhaling
the fumes of illuminating gas at his resi
dence, 207 Fillmore street.
His wife occupied another room with
Mrs. Haines of 1309 Steiner street, and
was awakened shortly after 2 o'clock in
the morning by the odor of escaping gas.
She traced the odor to her husband's
room and found him lying *n bed uncon
scious. She and Mrs. Haines at once
dragged him Into the parlor and threw
open the windows so that the uncon
scious man might get fresh air. But the
deadly gas had taken too firm a hold on
him, and he died before assistance could
be summoned.
An examination of the gas fixtures in
Smith's room by Deputy Coroner Tyrrel
indicated that the deceased met his death
accidentally. Smith had been reading
in bed by the aid of a gas lamp on a
small table near the head of the bed and
within reach of his hand. Gas was sup
plied to the lamp by a rubber hose con
necting the lamp with the gas fixtures.
Before going to sleep he had turned off
the gas at the lamp, but there being a
leak In the hose between the gas fixtures
and the lamp, the gas escaped and killed
him.
The body was taken to the Morgue. The
deceased was a native of England, 40
years old. Ho had beeen in a sickly con
dition for somr> time previous.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E G Hay & w, Minn i Miss J D Hill,
J Hutclnson, w, 3 c & Mrs H Sewell,
nurse. New Jersey Miss U Fitzgerald.
Mrs Lungstreet. X J w P Dickey &w,
Mi.ss Hutcbinson, N J Miss E A Adams,
\V J Kirk. Cleveland J M Currier,
C S Hannan ,t w, 111 Mrs J M Currier,
D Braman, Boston D F Eddy & w
W 1' Walker, Chicago Sliss L X K.ldy,
I Mrs G Fisher. Chicago Dr O G Dwyer,
Miss S Fisher. Chicago Miss L Seeley,
Raymond & Whitcomb Mrs O H Dowell,
Excursionists— Mrs M D Grover,
W H Kellner & w, Mrs C A Stlnson,
G*B Ellis & w. J Track & w,
N Poulson & w, G Everson,
C C Abbott & w. Miss Everson,
M M Green & w, E A Hockault & w,
Maeter M Green, A J Clark & w.
H E Craig: & w, X S Walbank, Chicago
It C Humphrey & w. T E Gibbon, Los Ani
T \\ nstenholm & w, X Jacobs & w. Oregon
Miss E Fisher, Miss H Jacobs, Or
L D Drown & w, J W Newman & w. Pa
H O Barrett & w. F P Fay, Los Ang
F W Blackner & w, D T Hersheimer, Ky
I J E Marsh & w, W B Clark & w, Majd
I Mrs M Corser, C Colgate, Mass
Miss G Corser. O W Beatty & w, Cal
C W Bradstreet &w, E Beatty. Cal
Mrs II Houghton, Miss L Beatty, Cal
Mrs G N Lyon, Mrs M J Neyhart, Pa
C E Buli, Miss E G Neyhart. Pa
C E Pennock, A Bonsfield & w, Mich
H C Needham, Miss Bonsfield, Mich
L Bull & w. Mrs Darby, St Louis
Mrs G J Mag-oe. v S Grant Jr. Cal
Miss E M M.ice, F H McCullagh, Cal
Master G J jdaget C Hutchlns, Boston
Mrs J C lluhsell. F H Goddard, Mass
Miss B Russell, F Amory. Boston
G T Andrew & w. EN Fenneo. Boston
Mrs W B Bnoks, Mrs J E Sickels, Va
Miss A Brookj. Miss Slckels. Va
Mrs J B Bafil>oni, U' Baumgarten, w, NT
Mrs M S Houkins, A Hermanoe & w. Pa
Miss M P Stoushton, J W Edgett & f, N V
S Street & w, j a Crulkshank, N T
Mrs C L Arker, E R Smith, Yokohama
Mrs S.T Brinkerhoft, I A C Brown. Boston
S C Holley. R Rubensteln. N V
Mrs G R Tweedy, W G Blatt, Detroit
Mrs A N Wiidman. O G Klmball. Redßluff
GRAND HOTEL.
J Rigaud, Paris T Tull. S Cruz
H L Hovey, Chicago A McKenny. S Mateo
L L Lane, Angels M Davis, N V
J Kree & w. Neb Mr? Burchard. D C
J S Gibson. WilliamF 3 Pendleton. Cal
J F Daly. Eureka R Russell, Stockton
W C Brady, Chicago F Frnst. Paao Robles
E P Johnson, Japan A Davott, Llvermore
J Lamar & w, Palo A H W Morgan. Cal
J R Garrett. Willows F Johnson &w, S Raf
G R Wallace, Minn L Krock, Willows
A Coons. St Louln W Garch. Willows
J Stanwond. S Monica Mrs Miller. Vermont
A Hartley, L Ang D Burchard, S Jose
B Kenyon. L Ang C W Cobb. S Jose
H Morgan & w. Ptld T Cobb, Chicago
W Deltact. Minn R Cobb. Chicago
D Wilson & w. Yuba C F H Green. S Rafael
G Marks & w. Sacto Mrs Osborne. S Jose
W Felger. Pt Townsnd C Ptecker. N V
C W Cant. Montana Mrs Coning, N V
May Boodwell. Mont A Warfleld, lowa
E Danought. Cal R H Well. Sacto
BALDWIN HOTEL.
H Cottle, S Joae W H Mead, Portland
T Carson, S Jose C M Hunter, Chicago
F A Lyon, Sacto Mrs Milton, Chtcago
G Ivancovich & w, Cal Miss Milton, Chicago
A B Post. Pasadena Maud E Hall, Chicago
H A Unruh, L Ang Miss C Scott, Chicago
B P Barker, Llvermore ;Mrn C Wyman, SUttn
O D Banks, Chicago C E Barnhart. Sulsun
Miss E Doll. Chicago G F Getty, Minn
J M Brown, Denver W F Gates & w, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
M Gorton, NY EG Perkins, S Jose
P A Farney, Neb F Parker. N V
A Yager, Cal J Frazer. N V
J Hooks, Cal M Morrow, Chicago
W J Richards, Cal E D Melvln, S Jose
A D McDonald, S Jose B Cochran &w, Seattle
C M Flarrlgnn. R Vista H D Hammett. Boston
J R Hendricks, Suisun A H Hammett. Boston
M McElroy, Reno J E Hammett, Chicago
J Anderson. Vallejo E Leitge. Cal
R Fredericks. Col
■■■■■»»■ .
Bottles are now being made of paper
under a German patent. They are for use
particularly on shipboard, where heavy
weather works havoc among glass re
ceptacles.
PREPARATIONS
FOR TROUBLE
Extended so Far as to
Lay Hold of the
Camanche.
Talk of Fitting Up the Old Mon
itor With Her Antique
Smooth- Bores.
Now There Is More Talk of Peace
Than War at Mare Island, but
Work Goes Steadily On.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO. March 28.— Preparations
for trouble have extended so far as to
lay a hold on the old monitor Caman
che. She was towed to the quay wall
this morning, and five tons of coal were
put in her bunkers. To-morrow the
fires will be started under her boilers
and they will be thoroughly tested. She
was for two years the trainir.j ship of
the naval reserves of San Francisco,
and before that had long lain in the
stream off the island, so it is hard to
say just what repairs are needed. Cap
tain Glass, commandant of the yard,
will have ascertained just what is
needed to put the old craft into fighting
order and may have a chance to bring
her old smooth-bores into action. They
are good guns yet, says Captain Glass.
A 15-inch shot when propelled by a full
charge of fif* pounds of powder has a
smashing effect which is very great.
Such a shot has very little penetrating
power, but it will deal a crushing blow
of tremendous force. To put modern
guns on the old Camanche would re
quire a practical remodeling of the
mechanism of the boat, so she will be
brought out, iZ she should be needed,
with her prehistoric smooth-bores.
Vhe construction department is on
the lookout for black paint and lamp
black. The department has orders to
purchase all of this to be found here on
the Pacific Coast.
There was a well-dpfined rumor about
Vallejo to-day which stated that dis
charges were being refused to men who
had served out their time. This is em
phatically denied. It is one of the
strictest rules of the navy ttiat when a
man's time expires he must be allowed
to go. There was a sudden change of
sentiment at the Island to-day and
from a firm conviction that war was
certain there were many prophecies
that there would be no hostilities. This
was before the dispatches announcing 1
the attitude of the President had been
received, and it was generally believed
that the commandant had been notified
of the intended course of the Govern
ment.
QUARANTINE DIFFICULTY
HAS BEEN ADJUSTED.
Cattle May Now Be Moved From.
Point to Point Within the State
Limits.
SACRAMENTO. March 2S.— The United
States quarantine difficulties have now
been satisfactorily adjusted by the Sec
retary of Agriculture, upon application of
Governor Budd and the Secretary of the
State Board of Health. The line across
the central part of the State has been
abandoned, and cattle nay now be moved
from point to point within the State
without inspection. This will permit the
cattle in the southern part of the 9tate
to be moved north, where feed can be
had, which will greatly relieve the stock
men of that section.
While the sou.iern cattle-owners are
thus benefited, the stock-breeders north
of the abandoned line and in the pre
viously exempted portion of the State
■will not be injured, as their herds will be
permitted by the faecretary of Agriculture
(upon application" to t>e moved across ihe
State line into adjoining States. Owners
of cattle in the southern portion of me
State and southern transportation com
panies which send or ship them north
should report their destination to the
secretary of the State Board of health
at Sacramento.
Pioneer Charles Lewis Dead.
SALINAS, March 2S.— Charles Lewis,
one of the oldest and best-known of this
valley's pioneers, died near Prunedale »ast
evening of paralysis. He was born in
Switzerland sixty-nine years ago, and
came to California in 1854. After wander
ing all over the State, he settled in San
Jos© in 1864, coming to Salinas Valley in
I&U9. After opening the first restaurant
here he bought land in Prunedale.
Contracts for a Pipe Line.
SALINAS, March 28. — The Spreckels
Sugar Company . 3terday closed a con
tract with G. R. Field, superintendent of
construction at the sugar factory, on oe
half of the Risdon Iron Works, for the
entire riveted steel water pipe line to fur
nish the factory with water. The line
will be over one mile in length, thirty
two Inches in diameter and flve-sixtns of
an inch thick. The contract will be com
pleted in ninety days.
11l Luck of a Convict.
PORTLAND, Or., March 28.— A convict
escaped from the State penitentiary to
day. He and a companion had dug
through twenty-four feet of brick, but
when the time to escape came the larger
man could not force his body through the
hole and could not get away.
Embezzler Chapman Sentenced.
SANTA ROSA, March '.».— W. A. chap
man, who was convicted a few days ago
on a charge of embezzlement of funds be
longing to Page Brothers, for whom he
was clerking, was sentenced by Judge
Burnett this afternoon to three years In
San Quentin.
IN MEMORY OF BURKE.
Out of respect to the memory of Lieu
tenant Burke, the Police Commissioners
adjourned their weekly meeting at an
early hour last evening. President Tobin
was unable to attend, owing- to illness,
and Commissioner Alvord occupied the
chair. After the minutes ha<i been read
Secretary Wright was instructed to
spread the name of the brave officer on
his minutes and to draw up resolutions in
remembrance of his sad death.
It is understood that at tH^eir next
meeting 1 the Commissioners will thor
oughly investigate the conduct of the po
lioemen who were behind the dead officer
while he was in the performance of his
duty. Chief Lees ha.s had his men out
collecting evidence on the affair and many
witnesses will be subpoenaed.
Captain Dillon of the Seventeenth-street
station was present last evening ready to
assist the Commissioners in their Inquiry
Woman's State Federation.
The annual meeting and election of
officers of the Woman's State Federation
for the Public Good, was hold last Mon
day afternoon, and the following officers
were unanimously appointed to rule over
the society during the coming year:
President, Mrs. Eva E. Bates; vice-presi
dent, Mrs. H. Richards; recording secre
tary, Mrs. Lila May Kimball; financial
secretary, Mrs. S. J. Phillips; treasurer,
Mrs. Lilian H. Rinner; members of the
executive board— Mrs. S. B. McCoy and
Mrs. H. Boundy.
The fac-simile yr# y/f&ii ./>** *■ on ever y tapper
signature of ;, Uut^/^&S?^ of CASTORIA.
Auction Sales
AUCTION SALE
fta» fe fe
THIS DAY.
Tuesday March 29, 1898
AT 1 P. M., AT
SWITZER'S HORSE MARKET,
Twelfth and Harrison Streets, .
32 Bead of Consigned Horses from
Teiiama County.
10 good business horses. 8 draught horses, 1
pair dapple grays, 2900 lbs, a fine brewery
team; 1 fine pacing mare, 7 years old, gentle
for a lady to drive or ride, can pace In Z:io;
1 good saddle horse.
SAM ATKINS, Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
£* . —AT— £??
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 SIXTH STREET.
• TO-MORROW.
WEDNESDAY. March 30. at 11 a. m.
By order of MAYOR PHELAN we will sell a
lot of FIRE DEPARTMENT HORSES.
Also 20 head of good work horses and mares.
• SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Live Stock Auctioneers.
SAVED THE COIN
FOR THE CITY
A Job That Failed to Get
Through the Super
visors.
Rotten Sidewalks About Alamo
Square That Were Not
Paid For.
The solid combination in the Board of
Supervisors tried to shove through a job
yesterday that has been an eyesore to the
taxpayers of this city for more than a
year. A resolution was introduced to pay
$950 for work on sidewalks on Fulton
street, between Scott and Steiner, the
block being one of those that bound the
notorious Alamo square.
Supervisor Britt made a speech in favor
of allowing the payment of the demand,
stating that the contractor had been kept
out of his money for more than a year,
and that it was time the contract was
paid for.
Supervisor Rottanzi wanted to know
whether this was not the Job that had
been condemned because it had been
found that the sidewalk was so rotten
that a cane could be pushed through the
concrete.
It was admitted that the work was
originally bad, but the claim was also
made that repairs had been made that
placed the sidewalk in perfect condition.
The resolution to pay the money was
finally defeated. Supervisor Britt giving
notice of reconsideration at the next
meeting.
Back of the effort to get the money is
another story. When me original con
tractor, James O'Brien, was at work, lie
sold his warrant to Henry Wiener, cashier
for Nathan Dohrmann, who discounted
the paper. When Mayor Phelan vetoed
the authorization because the job was bad
Wiener lookeo the matter over, auu. tiiiii
ing that it would cost more to repair the
sidewalk properly than he would get out
of his warrant, threw the matter* up.
Since then O'Brien has had men patch
ing up the rotten sidewalk, and now seeks
to get payment from the city.
CRAWFORD Is WELCOMED.
The Forum Club Gives a Re-
ception to the Distinguished
Lecturer.
A reception was tendered F. Marion
Crawford, the distinguished lecturer,
from 3 to 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon by
the members of the Forum Club In their
rooms at 223 Sutter street.
The reception committee consisted of
the following ladies, who are prominent
members of the club: Mrs. John P.
Young, Mrs. J. E. Freeman, Mrs. K. Bry
ant, Mrs. George E. Bates, Mrs. W. H.
Brown, Mrs. William J. Dutton, Mrs.
Charles R. Havens, Mrs. Charles Klein,
Miss McFarland, Mrs. William P. Shaw,
Mrs. George Tasheira, Mrs. H. L. Van
Wyck, Mrs. Asa R. Wells and Mrs. W. H.
Yeamans.
The little hall was crowded, and among
those present were: Mrs. William P.
Wheeler, Mrs. G. A. Patterson, Mrs. A.
Zadock, Miss Louise D. Earl, Mrs. Walker
C. Graves, Mrs. George F. Kincaid, Mrs.
Andrew Rose. Miss Morgan, Mrs. Willis
Guy Fuller, Mrs. Mahe, Miss Lane, Mrs.
Thomas Stiley, jiis»s Hulse, Miss Gunn,
Mrs. George P. Kincaid, Mrs. A. R. Cot
ton, Estelia G. Feusier, Mrs. Walter L.
Hinkle, Mrs. Oppenheim, Mrs. Washing
ton Ayer, Mrs. Frank Dalton, Miss Boy
ington, Mrs. Golcher, Mrs. W. G. Doane.
Miss Susan French, Mrs. John Currey,
Miss Lurline Lyons, Mrs. G. L. Davis,
Mrs. Wills, Miss Atkinson, Miss Mabel
Hollis, Mrs. W. J. Stringer. Mrs. John T.
Wright. Mrs. H. P. Colle, Mrs. Sinclair,
Mrs. Haskell (of Boston). Mrs. Charles
Goodall, Mrs. Frank Dalton, Miss Belle
Shiels. Mrs. Paul Lnhse, Miss Anita B.
Lohse, Mrs. B. T. Scott. Miss Virgie Eng
lish, Mrs. Walter H. Baker. Miss Louise
Howland. Mrs. R. M. Howland. Miss Lot
tie Lamb (Virginia City). Mrs. W. D.
O'Kane, Mrs. George Whittell. Mrs. E. K.
Moore. Mrs. Esther B. Steele. Mrs.
Charles B. Deane, Mra. Boericke. Miss
Elva King, Mrs. H. J. Campbell, Mrs. B.
F. Stoahee, Mra. D. E. Hayes. Miss Min
nie Black, Mrs. Paul Cutler, Miss Agnes
Simpson, Mrs. A. C. Freese, Mrs. C. Mc-
Kenrlck, Mrs. R. B. Mitchell, Mrs. F. A.
Wilkins. Mrs. L. H. Cropper. Miss Hunt.
Mrs. J. S. Belcher, Mrs. Stack. Mrs. Boyn
ton, Mr. and Mrs. J. Stank "-Brown and
Mrs. Harry Miller, Miss H. Benson, Miss
Mabel Eastwood, Miss May Ayres. Miss
B. T. Taylor, Mrs. O. Morrison, Miss G.
Greenwood Smith (of Boston). Mrs. S. B.
Packard. Mrs. Montgomery Baggs, Miss
Baggs, Mrs. Lucius L. Log, Mrs. A. G.
Booth. Mrs. A. H. Bunner, Mrs. A. Wen
zelburger, Mrs. N. J. William. Miss Eiiith
Howland. Mrs. George B. Seamen, Miss
Brickell, Mrß. William Keigu of Berkeley,
Mrs. S. M. Runynn, Mrs. George Easton,
Mrs. M. D. Boerick. Mrs. W. J. Sweasey.
Miss Carrie Trulow and Miss Belle Run
yon.
A NIGHT ATTACK.
Battalion Drill in the Western Addi-
tion by Companies of the
First Infantry.
Companies L. Captain Eggert: D, Cjp
tain McCreagh; B, First Lieutenant Stur
dlvant; and H, Captain Warren, N. G. C.
were out last night under command of
Major Hugh T. Sime for battalion drill.
It was originally intended that two com
panies should take position on top of Res
ervoir Hill and that two others should
pass through the cut to Fillmore street,
and that the one passing through tho de
file should endeavor to escape the fire of
those on the edge of the hill, but the po
lice authorities refused the battalion per
mission to use blank cartridges, so an- j
other plan was adopted on reaching Mar- !
ket and Thirteenth streets. The men were
marched through the very rough cut and
then to a large vacant space west of
Steiner street, opposite Waller. The
ground there is worse than In the cut. ;
having been recently ploughed prepara
tory to grading. The order was given for
P.J. AUCTIONEER.
TO-MORROW.
WEDNESDAY. March 30. IS9B. at 11 o'clock
a. m. . at 1305V4 Golden Gate avenue, the Ele-
gant Modern Furniture of above 6-room .flat,
consisting of Odd Pieces Parlor Upholstery.
Magnificent Oak chamber Suits. Spring and
Top Mattresses. Blankets. Pillows, Elegant
Plate Mirror 3x6 feet, Reclining Chair, cost
$40: Fine Carpets throuphout. Sewing Machine
Sideboard. Extension Table. Dishes Cook and
Gas Ranges, and many other articles.
ANTIQUE MAHOGANY FURNITURE.
■ ■. "■'■:. THIS DAY.
TUESDAY .. -- AT 2 P. M.
1709 MASON STREET, NR. GREEN.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELP. 602 Market at.
Sate fe -fe
AUCTION SALE
AT
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
781 HOWARD STREET.
THIS DAY.
TUE5DAY............ . March 29, 1898.
11 a. m.
By order of MR. R. SMITH of Stockton w«
will sell 50 head of CHOICE DRAFT and
DRIVING HORSES, nicely broken and weigh-
ing from 1000 to 1600 pounds.
This Is the ADVANCE LOT of 200 that will
be sold each Tuesday until disposed of.
A. F. HOOKER, Live Stock Auctioneer.
a night attack on an Imaginary enemy,
Companies B and L making the advanca
and being deployed as skirmishers and
the others acting as supports.
The movements were executed, the ad
vance and retreat being conducted with
considerable correctness, but the men
who had in the past been drilled on
smooth pavement found walking a little
difficult. But aa the Major subsequently
explained, it was to give them an idea of
what they might have to encounter in the
field. Each company made a good nu
merical showing and the drill was an in
structive one.
. ♦ •
Cutting Government Timber.
United States Attorney Foots yesterday
filed two complaints in tfce United States
District Court, the Merced Gold Mining
Company being one defendant and tho
Tryo Mining: Company being the other.
It is charged that the defendants unlaw
fujly cut timber on Government land In
Mariposa County, and appropriated the
same to their own use. One thousand
three hundred and fifty dollars with
costs and interest are demanded from the
Merced Gold Mining Company, and $261
with costs and interest are demanded
from the Tryo Mining Company.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
■ : ' Monday, March iK.
Stmr • Bonlta. Nicolson. 81 hours from New*
*port. ..■:■ ;--•■■■■• •■'.•■•■ ■■■-■'-■'-■ r
f^&L Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL»rtP^jm <>!!♦"> HEAKXT ST. f Established
«l*fi*'>ga in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Z&JJkk. WE Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
QSr^^&sSfa disease wearlngon bodyand mind and
rW3MBB« -skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
Z^hS^BMSS others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cnre<i;naraii(<-r<l. Callorwrlte.
a»r. ,|. f-'. «. 11l tON, Box 1957, 5 an Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
M^h-^ Steamers leave Broadway
if?^«^ wharf, San Francisco:
MK»^Mh k For Alaskan port?, 10 a. m..
fclßraKll March 2, 7, 12. 17, 22. 27. April
iS&siiß Wl 1. Transferred at Seattle.
£mS§2£Vik*!Yl For Alaskan ports (from
1 r*^Bllsrts4l Spear street wharf), 10 a. m..
' March 2. 6. - 10. . 14. 18. 22, 2«. 80.
"•* Transferred at Portland. Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver . (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., March 2, 7,
12, 17, 22, 27, and every fifth day thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at Tacoma wltli
N P. Ry.. at Vancouver with C. P. Ry. ,
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 ■a. m..
March 3, 9. 15, 21. 27, and every sixth day
thereafter. ■ ". ' _
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, . San Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis ObispO),
("Javiota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles* and
Newport. 9 a. m.. March 2, 6, 10, 14, 13, 22, 26.
30. and every fourth day thereafter. •
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). n
a m., March 4, 8, 12. 16, 20. 24. 28, and every
fourth day thereafter. » ■ ■
For Ensenada. . Magdalen.* Bay. San Jose del
C"abo Mar.atlan. Altata. La Paa, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mei.), 10 a. m.. March S.
April 3. and 2d of each month thereafter. "
The • company reserves the right to chants
without previous notice steamers, sailing date«
op,l hr>nr« of MlHne.
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery street.' ■"-"•.•
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Acts..
■• 10 Market street. San Francisco.
"theXr. & coT
• . DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTL.AN ID
-, . From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CA DC $12 First Class Including Berth
rMiIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of Ca1if0rnia. ....... ......Mar. 2, 10, M. M
Columbia ..........'...........Mar. , 6. 14. IJ. M
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to V
E. C. WARD,' General Agent,
630 Market st. .
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
s - s - zealandia,
tor HONOLULU only.
Wednesday, April 8.
M-tt> WW -^ 2p - m - Special P art T
fMBaUID S. S. ZEALANDLV,
tlllllC tor HONOLULU only.
•KL** a ""'» Wednesday, April 6,
y ™ —^^ 2p. m. Special party
K:^^SiWFTl <; ;ninc.) rS The S.S. ALAMEDA
lgj£j£ff G)lCdllDll!r' c/ sails via Honolulu and
V^HHP^ /ofTlFliir7tt» Auckland for Sydney
,\yilipUJCq' Wednesday. April 20,
' at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.,
» 114 Montgomery street. ,
Freight Office — 327. Market st., San Francisco.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's. Pier' (new) 42 North f-^r*
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers •<2rj!T7>
by i this line avoid both transit by **■*•*
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class $160;
second class $116. „ « ...
LA BOURGOGNE • April 2. 10 a, m.
LA BRETAGNE .........April 9. 10 a. m.
LA NORVAXPIE ......April IS
LA GASCOGNE April 23, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE.. ...:.... ....April 30, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent.
• ■ ■ . No. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
3. F. FUOAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. Snn Francisco. .-. ^ .. ;;* :~Sx
DIRECT. TO PARIS. LONDON, HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck. April 2S A-. Victoria ..May 28
• Columbia : . v ...".. ".May j 12 F. Bismarck. June 2
Normannla .....May 19 Columbia ...;.". June 9
First fnb'.n $73 up. 2d Cabin $45 up. Steerage $30
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
, NEW. YORK-HAiMBURO DIRECT.
Pretoria .......April ; 16 Pennsylvania. ..May 14
Patria ....... April 23 Pa1atia,. ...... ..May 21
Phoenicia ..:.v.".May'.7 Pretoria ..../...".May 23
■First cabin. $60 up: 2d cabin. $40; steerage, $26.
Hamburg-American Line. 37 Broadway, N. V
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California; st., cor. Sansome. San Francisco.
, STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave . Pier v No. •3. Washington : St., '.- at 6
V.: . p. m. daily. :
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P.' M. ,
.; Accommodations reserved: by telephone.
' The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through, freight, rates to all points onto*
Valley Railroad.
•' ■•- : - ■ ' - ■ STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT, : 3. D. PETERS, V. i
Telephone Main SO5. . Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND V VALLEJO .
Steamer "Monticello"
Mon.. : Tues.. Wed.. Thurs." and Sat . ....
_^9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (S:SO p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays .................. .;i p. m . and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays. ..;.. ..........;;..io:30 a. m. and 3 p. m-
Lauding and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2.
; -.'■* ■■■ ' .Tolpjhone. .Red. 2241..-
FOR SAN JOSE. LOS 6ATOS and SANTA f FUZ
' Steamer; Al viso ■ leaves Pier ;1 . Uaii'y (Sunday*
: excepted) • at 10 ; a. m. ; ■• Alviso ' daily (SaturJays
■ excepted) .at 5 p. m. Freight i and Passengers.
! Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. Wo;
1 to San Jose, 75c. Clay 'street ' Pier 1. *1 Nortll
' First street. Baa; Josa \™ '