VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 178.
The San Francisco Call
VICTORY RESTS WITH
BLUE AND GOLD
BY '4. ALLEN WHEAT.
•tTN the presence of IBjOdO pe&*»le, who
IN tire the rectangular treaa of bait*
lined the rectass^roliu- ercm of bat*
1 tie like a living belt of variegated
••» colors tie broad-bac3ced fast-run
ning, hard-tackling eons of the Uni-
Veralty of California, yesterday at Rec
reation Park vanquished the football
placers who wore the (cardinal. For
the first tltne hi seven lon* years the
blue and gold was carried to victory
and honor by sheer right of their prow
fcsa end unflinching determination.
When the dust of battle settled and
the shrill call of the referee's whistle
told that another annual contest had
paaped Into history, then the men who
had been fiercely fighting for their re
spective Alma. Maters fell back and
separated— the cardinal sullen, silent
and determined, the blue and -old
prMuL^nd happy. Four times had the
latter sefen the goal line of their oddo
nents paa^ beneath their feet, and
theirs waa the victory and triumph
withrfhe — California 22. Stan
ford «L \
Greavls tne name of Cochran at the
University if California. To him be
longs the honor, and I freely add my
mite" of~"p>%jße. For four years I have
followed hlsv3ry*«s fortunes _on the
gridiron, and yesterdaVJ knew that he
had Instilled Into the menV>f California
that same spirit that KeptSliim in the
Same at New Haven last year against
Yale, until human strength Wuld en
dure no more, and he «as ltd crazed
withn^in and grief from \he freld. The
fnifJrne trained playea wlt^ta true
Princeton spirit and like g^ntlemeV but
they playejJ-^Jard. fast rind sure.^nd
rrorn>iiebe^lnning^set apace that told
>n 'Stanford nMg£-jJerceptfviy. especially^
In the ae«i£rta half. when, the cardinal
practically collapsed from *eer ex
baustion^^- - '
iWfTiou^h defeat was their porßon the
sons of Stanford played chat Jehad of
losing game that wins admirations I
•srw them Tally in the very Ja^s of lie I
feat, end, manfully answering t ) r M lr
captain's appeals "to win for old S/a»
ford," desperately strain and u«ptep
their battered and tired thews f^rlthle
effort supreme, and when. despiteStJOacp
they went down and backward, uhe^
Aid bo desperately and defiantly They*
were beaten, but they los>"7lke brave
men. This ia not stran^eTfor they Taad
been trained by C^ces of Tale. Yeirs
kgo I learned 7to respect the blue c nd
honor the "TV* Of^ale. for the sons! of
Bid Ell are pircJiger In defeat than vic
tory— and /he /spirit of Yale wasAe-;
aeath theme cardiJial Jerseys yesterday. *
When/the routVand discomfiture o\
3tanfom waa a certainty the followe'rsX
it CallXornla jbecanre delirious with Joy
rhey/had nefver tasted the sweets of
victory and raelr emovions were beyond
:helr controlA The reverse of the pic- •
;ure touched 'me. When, I looked over
;o where the /Stanford contingent sat
silent and dismayed. I knew that deWat
\adnav<!^aeA theirs** Tl^e feellnfe tiC
lQ^eledsfftAs seAtled over theNK^^d^bal !
lecVlon Vroxn thsVstart, -and although at '
;Un\a tlkcy rall£»l and cheered aaNof
rore\ the\aight af the blue and gwJi.
KJurlhff taroughltthe cardinal lLn« of\
tklrtinV lta end& Was a novelty— yes,
.nd a scid one. Ddfaat tasted as atranga
o the Supporter! bf Stanford as did
r lctory to. those ol California. Neither .
leemed toy knowjk) 1 * to take Its for- '
une, and yhefT^s*-^onteßt had ended !
>oth were \moxionleW for a few mo
nenta. Thtf/space on tims was short. '*
Chen with /unltad peal of Joy the blue
md «ol,d piled dp^^rtm lta section of t
he gr*4t atajsa/and rushin* on . the "
iald EUjTound^G its heroes,.
The plKySrnwe/e tossed up on strong,
'oucf shoulders and the procession
ormed. The crowd then *itnessed
hat which It had never seen before.!
lound and round the field the players
»ere carried, while the cheer from
housands of voices rose on the air
lice the majestlt and awe-inspiring*
■umble of tht Breaking surf. There
/as seven years of disappointed hopes i
n those California cheers— they ■
irere Btrony, lusty and true to ' the
ODcert-pltched key of victory. There . i
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25 1898.
\st23 is there the eofife&sed fay of Irre
sponsible. Idolatrous youth. At the
western end of the field the panorama
*•£» different. Stafford** warrlon
h&d been surrounded by their support
ers, who ministered to them the con
solation that goes with defeat. Gently,
silently, they. . too. led their scarrred
heroes from the white-lined arena. I
saw the plucky cardinal weep its first
tears. The Bight was new to the Stan
• ford contingent. They knew not that
they cried, nor % realized that It was
nature's remedy to meet the reaction of
their tenaioned faelings.
The day was fine and the field fit.
Had any one gone through the entire
calendar no better football weather
could possibly hay? been selected. The
sun rose Into the blue vault that war
flecked by not a single cloud. The air
was cool and crisp, with Just that
• touch of winter that sends the blood
tingling through tbe veins and the
color to the cheek*T"'fn>«-<lay was in
; vigorating. /^on-*cfKjß£Jwi began to
- rise and / foufrjys'*t>ut not_dlso£i p « 1 c' r
< ably bo, f romj (the east, andj^ft was
never strong enough aerially af
fect the puntlngVr£ither"Blde. As early,
;as % o'clock the Wow^J totf an to (end
life and color to iireet^ihe
.blue and gold vied with the cardinal In
■ uniqueness of designs. » f| /
i Many of the undergraduates
colleges were arCcompaniWd by\j,-ptlr
\ maidens, woo, .^according to\ their sym
pathies. weraf^rVre symphonies In cplor.
The two teacms Vere kept 'quietly
from the cfowd a\ their quarters./ Stan
ford wa/fat the Kleasanton and Call
fornia/^t the SLr\NichoJa». /C'ocUran
brought the la»fer ay eY/^bou/.l. o'clock"
on ibe tug Reliance, tjoecialiy chartered
for the piu^oee \ / /'
\ Shortly/before noon th* multltudeiTe
kan tp^turn In the direction of R^crea
ttfcrn Park. Tbe cft^Jlnea on^Market,
Mission " and lfowara\ streets were
crowded \Qjtifelr utmoß»lpapaclty, while..
i thaovernoTr throngedAhe sidewalk. /
• Trie undyV^raduaLe'DQCLies of Stafford
and\ CalifWiilX/a^ived abo^ut^arn hour
befojie th^k©4_Jhe lattgf^contlngent
had Its band. iwtthSifof Stanford did
Q^t^aryive u/ftll Just before the-^^ftme.
and ly^egi^^nce WB*'/Lb«*^Tgnal for a
jnJp<<yOtHibui cheers and songs. /
The old "grada" were the: c with rib
bons and flags, while the] swell girls
lent beauty and artistic /life to the
scene, clad in faultlesa-ntiing gowns *
that were gayly bedecked with corsage
bouquets of violets, while rrauiy blushed
and smiled from behind H^ge rival
chrysanthemums of yellow andxeardi
nal. No — '<
To me It was the same old sce&e I
Vhave witnessed so often and one I \n
ipy with undimlnished test each yekr.
lyesently from the northern edge a£
thy rectanele 1 hear a crash of noise, 4
mighty cheer, and then on the crisD\
air\ there comes to roy ears a sound
Th>4 makes the blood tingle and the
'spirit, of do and dare run £ rlotlike - :
through one's veins. It is the ' i
luh. rah. rah . rah, rah! ■
CaXlfornia!
Cailforn yah!!
C /peeMtorn yah!!!.
ol me" boyjp who wear" the " blue " and.
gold/ and ft means tJjat they have ar
rived. Scarcely has it ceased when
they follow yt up by complement to
their coach. And the dear, dear old yelD
of I assau'sisons sounds familiarly in
my cars. Tcere is no mistaking that
war cry. A/d something rises in my
throar^&s^f bear so many miles from
home the
PBay! Bay! "Bay!
Tiger! Tiger!- Tigerl [
BissJ Siss! Si as!
Booth! Boom! Boom!
Rah.' Bah! Rah! ,
Princeton !
Princeton!
_ Princeton! <
[ Then the band played. ? Not' "Annie t
Booney." but a rattling twostep, ,
which was lost hi a mighty noise.
Quick.. strong and defiant eight "Bahs"
crash on the air— and then In one in- .
tense volume of long drawn out sound
the honored sazno oZ Stanford la throws r i
$a fh«* wind. "end tip, up It gt»fr late
£« cleat, ethereal blue . vault above
Those men from Stanford h«ve arrived
and thereto no doubt about It. The?
brought a -wealth of cardinal flaps wltt
them, end t&cse they fluttered so rapid
ly as to obocure themselves and canst
their section to look as if it were a rip
pling lake of cardinal color.
The cheering leaders bow took a hand
' and things became lively. Stanforc
gave a yell that ended with an allusior
to the fact that when the game was
over a certain other college would bo it
the "soup." and defiantly there cam«
back from California a song that dis
tinctly opened with the announcement
that "the lobster-backs would soon
make tracks for Palo Alto town."
<v The crowd enjoyed it hugely When
I California's band played the "Star
spangled Banner" the Stanford contiry
gent courteously rose and uncovered,
and when the latter proposed thre«
cheers "for the boys in Manila." the
California host sprang to its feet like
— &*4Jash and cheered the sentiment, and
bacifcvfrom the crowd in the grand
starvdVame an answering cheer of ap
nrO-valX Then California gave "three
tiger" for the "Stars and Stripes,"
an^LAgalajßtanford voiced its approval,
/and cardh<al and blue-amSKgold
flags tiVttered toother In honorof the
national colors that t^re proudly way
•_ Ing fron^ the staff at tfe«k^wf8 tei T 1 ejstQ.
of the dtld. >. /
I The i/tanford boys were arnW with
r megaphones, and they shamed all
kinds fcf messages to t>^lr friends
across/ the field. _^-Tlre--*ppearanceof
sornVold '!graef\«o*: prominent D^rison
, *•«!» he signal dor an outbursiy^srnus
yfnk perßonalltie*--Ca4>«t<ader\Waß
map' a target when he appeared, and
was \urced to heal^T retre^i^^lfiV
StinfoVd was c*v«n a perfect ovatl?*i
wnen *c ar^ved. She wore the col-
J^fee cprbr^and in her usually demo
cratic w^y occupied a seat among the
undergraduate body.
■ Pre«Menk David" Starr Jordan was on
the/side Hies, and when his young
j/en and -women spied him It was
"Three eh« ?rs for our president" and
"What's tie matter with President
Adan?" then that learned gentle
m inVvas fiorced to— go in front of the
Stanford /ecllon and lead a cheer for
hi uniWrsltyt and right nobly be dii
It, too. 7 \
iuddetily thA Stanford crowd' is on
itayfeeu cheering like mad. Thousands
of Vcariinai flags are being frantically
waved/ 'from all over the field. What
ihis mean! Who has arrived A
Oh.iftere Is tha answer. From the mid-^
die si le of the eiUtern edge of the fields
the st wart warvlors of Stanford come
running on the field. _ They seemed to^
be in fine fettle. 1
Quit kly the lealjKer-covered * ova^hV
»ent sKyward, and^en it falls h^t> th€
\utstretc*>*d arme\f a fle^-footfcd
weare^iOf. a, cardinal jersey, ivho has*
quickly \feprlnt&s/ / down \ii^fiel<. The
tejam goep througa several rapWi o«ma
tlbns ana the eyeVof UieVitasVysseh^-
tllage an? on them, when Bud4etlVy\ a vof-^
ume or cheers rises on the air. and o^ut
Enjw^the field, closely fallowed^ byy^aJ*^
Cochrane, come the manly boob oky*ll
fornia. The crowd rises Vo lt«Teet>and
gives the wearers of the Vlue BxCQ\gNQld
such a reception as Lhay have neVCr haxl^
before. That welcome mWt Wuca.
The men looked determined\^aruv Cap\
tain Hall* smile brings jo^fo the Call-^
fornla contingents. »t '
After & brief wanning up the coin is
tossed and —fortune favt>rs**SGin^9£4r'
Captain Fisher chose the eastern goal
and California took the ball.
At 13 minutes to 3 o'clock Ref
eree Goodwin blew his whistle and the
annual contest was on. There was a
deathlike silence when Kaarsburg sent
the bell down Into Stanford's territory.
There was a brief exchange of punts
and then — yes, strange but true. Cali
fornia withstood three terrific on
slaughts on their line. It was their ball
on downs. That woe the beginning of
the end.
Kaarsburg and Hall,""" on r two- runs,
skirted tfe« cardinal's ends for seventy
> yards and tlsair smypoTrers went wlia.
Steadily the ball was forces down by
[ line plunges and rwlft skirts cf Stan
\ ford's end until It retted a yard from
i the goal line. California was cheering
. -wildly. Stanford was client. Then came
» the star play of the game from a. spec
. • tacular point. Hall was sent at th*
center and fumbled. It was Stanford 1
1 ball on her one-yard line. Murphy
I kicked the ball straight up Into the
x air and In the scrimmage he caught it.
, * Cochran's face was "white as death,
, I waa standing by him and wondered
» ,what it meant. I followed his gaze and
. saw that Murphy had cleared the en-
I tire California team and •was off like an
i' arrow down the southern edge of the
field. An opeaft-_pf cardinal color
i fla^hdd»>tnto/nfe. Stanford cheers were
. >plittlng^rfe air. when suddenly I real
i lz«d that Hall was In full pursuit of the i
; flS^f^ted Murphy. An tense si
, 'toffee f |ll over/ffte crowd- f
\ \Hifll wJsb desp<*tfre and if is despera-
A'tmn lerjtjhlm an unnatajal*^X>e > cd. It
I was h4«^Mmb!e that hdd lost ihe~~lfcrß-
I a\d he was determln/a to regain It. He
. wiCßyru nni i?gS the of his life. Hl*
i name, the hon^sv-oT hTsN>ollege and per
• Jnapg victoryfrvere to be decided. Twen
f.ty yardsAip the field he was slightly
I gaining, but Murphy was bounding
. ov^the white Itne3 like a^vildlocomo
.Xfive. Forty yards and on4y threes-white
lines separated th^-^wtVßunners. Mur
phy, the prio#fthe fleeA-footed sprinter
: of Stanfj»fa\ saw the eokl line ahead of
him^ith a cleap^eld\ \ln his nostrils
\?^s*the scerU^f victoVjn, He saw be
/yond\that gc^rfjjne the adoration of th*
student booy^the immortal wreath of
atMeTftsfam4. t! '. - >***■»- —
■/■■ These ere the^fews taat lure<f him
on, but that rapfd, swiff falling sound
of thundering feetbehimf him chilled
5 Ms blood. He th| : ewatl-4T»s s^>wer^and
\erfergy into the final. supremeX spurt.
Jljhe silence was depressing. The pent
iH), nervous tension of the thoupsrnMa •
present charged thfl very air n3 with
electricity The hopes of the blue and
gold \ and cardinal \hung in tee bal
ance, V There was on y five yards be
tween tthe two giants and the' goal line
, was but forty yards away, ithen I saw
a play that I have no seen/eouale<l.
%' W/tb a swift motion Hall threw his
anns above his heaf and quickly
brought them down again. Without
losing an inch or wacKenlng his speed
he seemed as it were xfo gather himself
into a bow knot, ana the next Instant
he had launched/headlong through tea
air Sure and tmie was tha^dlve anxi
I knew it would/not fall of^lts purp/ia*
for fall short ot/jltß wort Tl'&OQgTi|LQa
in it and its Execution the training ot
pochran. On i "^momentary flash of
/&rown .canva3 through thfi^tiir, on*
"MufTerTngitre ak of blue artd^gt?Ta' legs
■^-and than — ell, Hurpjiy^aa crushed
' ami bornyb heavHyto t^earJirfanM hi©
-yard /ace for victory Wa».en<seuO\
v SlowX/ but surely\ tne \vfe of fbf»
uh^e sWept" Its aubVe Vblllows ore*
the cUrdiKal, and wbenYth\ game was
ended aa^rajesa and defeat yiad\ Mt«
•vJJed on the proud and hereto{ore\un«
blemished backer of StanfonX uni»
.^wrjjlfcy- The'^puglltva. flght ftnd\p«t—
itail^myVe^sbect and a<Lnlratiohv Vent
out\ln tha v same sprit to yuan
in Jtheir /dark boor of defeat
f&a/iny Congratulations and ' @ood
wishes T^tre extended to Captain Ban
end bia/deeorvi^g men. Then victor
and T^nquJ^li^a alike were swallowed
Yip In the multitude that broke over
-the fences and flooded the field.
'•'The lights of the city were beginning
to twinkle through the deepening
shadow of the twilight, like numberless
fireflies caught In some maze. The dust
of the conflict hung as a filmy veil over
the field and the cheers of the victors
were In my ears. ' Then the jubilant and
the sad mingled in the same ceaseless,
surging tide of humanity and began to
wend its tortuous way homeward. The
game was over, the field deserted and
the noise of battle stilled. The blue and
gold and the cardinal bad met, and the
question of the supremacy for football
skill and prowess had been - settled ' for) '
the season of 1393.,
PHICE FIVE CENTS.2
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA FOOTBALLERS
OUTPLAY STANFORD AT EVERY POINT
When Pringle Went Over the Line for a Touchdown for University of California
WHERE'S the Stanford team?
asked a small boy of a red
•ered "sub" on the sid
lines. The small buy wa
carrying a bunch f chrys
anthemums with sea-blue ribbons pen
dent; the card nal football player ha
tears in his eyes as he answered th
taunt. "Down in Manila," he said
"fighting for the- stars and stripes am
leaving us to perish on a field of de
feat." The football player had refer
ence to Stanford's center of last
son, who is with Uncle Sara's boys a
the front, a man who was considered
impregnable in the line and the founda
tion of Stanford's team. But th
"sub's" judTment was based on Illog
leal dedti(»*i.;ns. It was not becaus
Stan; oter was weak, but be
cause CaT inia outplayed the Palo
Alto kickers on every score. To th
victors belong the spoils and the blue
and gold is now assimilating the re
wards of a brilliant and scintillating
victory which has torn down the hith
erto triumphantly heaven-floating flag
of red, covering It with the combined
colors of the State college on which the
figures 22-0 stand out in full relief.
Fifteen thousand people with check
straps on their breaths saw Kaarsburg
CAPTAIN HALL IS JUBILANT.
THE University of California men clearly outclassed the Stanford
team more than the men of the latter outclassed us last year. We
looked for a much harder game than the one we played. Murphy
vvas outpunted by Kaarsburg, which was a surprise to some peo
ple. In the first half our men were a little nervous and played
too careful a game. After they sized up their men they did better.
The team work, whkh won the game, was drilled into the boys by
Coach Garrett Cochran. to whom all the glory and the honor is due.
We hope next year's team will be able to win. The players have a
good precedent, which they lacked before.
. PERCY HALL, Captain California Eleven.
of California draw his right foot back
for the kick-off. The men who were
covering spots on the lime lines were
breathing with difficulty, their eyes
aflame, their teeth hard set and their
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Elegant
Bisque Ware. Richest and
newest decorations. Graceful
shapes
Dancing Girl, Bubble
Blower, Smoking Sets,
Candelabra, Paper
Weights, Tooth Picks,
Figures, Babies, Can-
dlesticks, Match Safe,
Match Stands, Ash
Trays, and everything
that's effective
Winning prices
Great America nlmporfgTea Co,
861 Market, op. Powell 705 Larkin St.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
218 1 bird -t. 18 19 Devisadero St.
506 Kearny St. 2008 Flllmore St.
I'M Ninth St. 521 Montgomery Av.
2510 .Miss, in St. 1 190 Kentucky St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
355 Hayes St. 32 Market St.
OAKLAND STORKS:
lOSSWashingtonst. 131 San Pablo Ave.
017 Broadway. 616 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— I3SS Park St.
SAN KAFAEI.— B St.. near Fourth.
Write for Catalogue.
STANFORD BOYS OUTPLAYED
SAYS PRESIDENT JORDAN
-. ■■■■.:..■;■■•■:. . v +■
y n^HE team representing Stanford University was weaker than in -f
>■ I former years, while that from . University of California was a +
*■ I • stronger one. Our boys were outplayed throughout the entire +
- ; game, being, seemingly, unable to withstand the offensive and ♦
► defensive play of the men from Berkeley. The. wearers of the +
► blue and gold played a gallant, dashing game and deserve their vie- -f
► toiy. The chief feature of Berkeley's game was its wonderfully effec- ♦
► \ tive team play. Each man supported his fellow plr.yers and co-oper- +
►• -ated-for the common good. We have had our full measure of victo- +
►■ ries and this defeat will but tend to set us again to work. ■♦•
DAVID STARR JORDAN, ♦
► President Stanford University. ♦
•. . ♦
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦■♦■
hearts thumping at their ribs. The toe
of the California fullback swung to
ward the pigskin and instantly the
gridiron battle of 1898 was on.
The action that followed was defense,
offense, quick sallies here and there;
flank charges, massings on the cen'*v;
brilliant dashe? around the ends, all
serving to crumble one side in the dust
and raise the other to a pinnacle erf
temporary fame. First it was Hail
who would skirt the Stanford line, and,
with diminutive Thane interfering, pass
line after line until downed by gallant
Murphy of the red, bleeding, frenzied
and ashen with despair. Then Smith,
the freshman, or, as his sobriquet runs,
"Locomotor," would find gaps that
Pringle toTe apart and both would go
down the field together. "Like a genu
ine eight-wheeler," some one remarked
on the side lines, and the Stanford
team, wrecked from the onslaught.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1898.
looked as if it had just passed through
a tete-a-tete with an iron horse.
Thane would give thu signal and
away the team would rush at the cen
ter, either tackle or ar«mnd I,he ends.
When California had the ball ground
gaining was assured. Do what they
would neither Wilson nor liush, on
whom Stanford had built its hopes,
could stem the tide. California's united
efforts, concentrated attack, vimful
plunges kept churning and churning
the red men and leaving in its wake
heart-sore disappointment, shattered
hopes and supine athletes.
Undoubtedly the day was unilateral.
The score is a false register of a com
parative estimate of the teams. Were
it not for fumbles and momentary team
dissolution the blue and gold would
have added other points to their twen
ty-two and the cardinal would have
other bitter doses of touchdowns and
goals to swallow. The master hand of
Garrett Cochran was back of it all, he
with his refined sense of football wis
dom. The well-ordered attacks, the
catapultic rams, the precision of the
play and the hand-to-hand support left
Stanford for the first time a beaten
team, dying hard in fierce struggle.
What impressed the spectator most
was the chagrin and wonderment that
filled the Stanford players when the
blue and gold began Its battery fire.
Parker, Ray Smith, Wilson, Rusk,
Forrest Fisher and gritty "Chet" Mur
phy, veterans of noble achievements
on the gridiron, saw defeat before
them. It was novel, an experience to
which they could not adapt themselves,
and they floundered in the deep sea of
indecision. Their efforts to repel the
forceful buttings of the strategic on
slaughts proved impotent, yet they
worked on and on, knowing only too
well that scarred, inky defeat was their
portion of the Thanksgiving feast.
Like the Black Tyrone, California
had seen its own blood and the demon
was in the men. Their coach politely
told each man of the team that if he
saw any signs of slowing-up he would
commit eleven murders during the j
evening. Whether It was the fear of
the realization of this threat — for
Cochran is a serious young man — or
the spirit that was in them it is hard
to pay. Certain it is they did play foot
ball in fierce, reckless style.
Now for the game.
Kaarsburg's kick-off gave the ball to
Murphy on Stanford's 30-yard line.
Then the cardinal tested California's
line. Twice the red men hurled them
selves' against the blue - and gold.
Twice were they repulsed, and a great
cheer went up from thousands of on
lookers. Murphy was forced to punt,
but it was not his old-style, quick
kicking for great distances. .Smith and
Hall were used for plays on tackle and
then.lvaarsburg fumbled, surrendering
the -coveted pigskin to rth^v-;. cardinal
forty, yards from the California goal.
Again Stanford assailed the California
bulwarks, only to meet with failure,
and again Murphy was forced to' punt.
"Billy" Harrelson, stanchest of • Stan
fordites, said it was all off with the
cardinal, and Code's heart was sore.
California had demonstrated. its ability
on the defensive, and the eye of the
expert realized the conditions.
Hot was the fight, and the battle
raged fiercely on the California "J."
yard line when one of the many fum
bles was allowed a chance to work. For
the nonce the god of cardinal warriors
whs with them. It was the Stanford
ball twenty-five yards from the stick
ing place. Could they do it? was the
question everybody asked. Cochran
crouching on the lines and Crops pray
ing between closed teeth, ground their
finger nails into their hands. Hot and
full Went Fisher against the phalanx
before him. No gain, and the blue and
gold sections were instinct with sudden
life. Another try at honor. Dole was
selected, but his efforts were choked In
their infancy and he staggered to earth
without the gain of ground. One more
chance remained. Would the ends of
California waver? The left was tried
and the discovery made. California's
line was a fortress and the blue and
gold secured the ball.
The pent-up enthusiasm of seven
years was given a chance to split thi;
heavens in twain, for the backs of the
blue and gold were called into action.
Kaarsburg, with the leather tucked un
der his arm, started down the field be
hind good interference. Thane put Ray
Smith out of the play, and away went
the fullback like an 'explosion. He was
discovered on the California 50-yard
line. Percy Hall repeated Kaarsburg's
fleet run and the crowd went wild
again. "Ten to five on Berkeley." yelled
a bettor in the pack behind the fence.
The bet was not taken.
Kaarsburg was given the ball, with
the scent of victory in his nostrils. He
was too anxious, fumbled it after he
broke through the opposing line, and
Murphy became the possessor. Then
thf Stanford men drew their breaths.
Words of encouragement came from the
captain — "Steady, now. boys; steady
and we will win." For the first time
California's line weakened and gains
were made through the left side, but it
was only of short duration. Hardly had
eight yards of territory been covered
when the blue and gold held their oppo
nents, and Murphy was forced to kick
again.
The pigskin belonged to the Berkeley
men on their own 40-yard line. Seventy
yards separated them from a touch
down and it was now or never. Captain
Hall exhorted his team to play ball
nnd not to conduct themselves like chil
dren. An off-side play of Stanford gave
the blue and gold a present of ten yards
of the Recreation Park, but not for
keeps. Dashing, smashing. Percy Hall
was itching for a run. Around Ray
Smith's end he sailed, riding the seas.
Toppled-over red shirts marked his
track of twenty-five yards, and the blue
and gold bleachers became animate
"EARNEST FOOTBALL WON,"
SAYS COACH COCHRAN.
1 HOPED for such a result, but feared it would not happen. I have 4
nothing to say but words of thanks to the boys who played Stan- •*
ford to a standstill. They were a team, playing hard, earnest -♦
Football every minute. What annoyed me was the inexplicable -i
fumbling which I cannot understand. Captain Hall is deserving of -i
the credit of the victory which was obtained by hearty co-operation -4
and by the men working together every minute of the day. The H
game was full of excitement for a time, but after a certain period of •<
the second half there was only one team in the field. Stanford fell •>
to pieces when we recovered from stage fright and began to work - 1
as a team. ■*
GARRETT COCHRAN, Coach, University of California. -
I again. The touchdown: xnat was vie <
thing, and Hall bucked again. Five 1
yards nearer was he to five points, s
Pete Kaarsburg went over the center, j
high up in the air, a gymnastic feat, for \
another five yards. "Bang," "Smash, i
"Puncture," "Perforate," came the i
commands from the grandstand. "Lo
comotor" Smith tried to do it all at ]
i once in five yards' running. 1
The pigskin rested peacefully on the f
Stanford five-yard line, and it was the 1
treasure of California. "Fight, you red
devils!" roared a Stanford graduate.
Hall came at the Stanford line with a
whack. A single yard was his meed.
He tried again. The two lines closed and
tussled and pushed.
It meant victory for one side and de
feat for the other. Stanford again held
the Berkeley charger. One more try.
The quivering athletes in red, well
nigh sending their teeth through their
jaws and into their heads, bent low for
the supreme effort. Murphy cheered
his men; slapped some on the back,
! told them that they were heroes. Again
j came the wizard of Berkeley, and lo!
!he fumbled. Hall, the- hero of a dozen
battles, actually dropped the ball two
yards from the gc^al line. The fumble
was not costly, however, as the Stan
ford men held the Berkeleyites for the
third time and the ball became red a
foot from the cardinal's goal.
Stanford's magnificent defense on
their goal line was only a small meas
ure of sensation compared with what
followed. "Chet" Murphy received the
ball to kick out of danger. The ball
sailed skyward, none of that long, driv
ing kind that usually comes from the
toe of the Stanford quarterback, but a I
slow sky ball. It was anybody's j *
spheroid, but Murphy wished it all for j c
himself. He caught it and away he | f
went on the bound, a Mauser bullet, *
toward the California goal. The field «
was clear; there stood the posts silhou
etted against the black mass of in- t
clined humanity. Who could catch this r
fleet man, reputed the fastest on the £
field? Hall and Craig started in pur- t
suit. The more Murphy turned trrward c
the middie of the field the closer be c
came toward the pursuers. He had a t
fair start and it was a touchdown, for c
a case of wine to a glass of beer. t
"Not so," said Hall and Craig. There t
was no quitting. Chase they must, 1 t
though the world laugh at them. j c
Murphy felt the hot breath of pant- I c
ing Percy Hall full upon his neck. He j 1
increased his speed. Twenty-five yards ] a
was covered. There remained a full j t
eighty-five more before all was safe. | s
Click, click, went his cleated shoes as
they rebounded from the earth. The
second twenty-five yards were covered
and he was yet safe, but his course
was being turned toward the side lines
and Craig and Hall still in hot pur
suit. The crowd was frantic and the
tension snappy. On and on went Mur
phy and now closer and closer came
Hall, (ilory and kingdoms were shout
ed to him as he went, but his hopes and
ms chances were suddenly chopped off.
Twenty-five yards from the goal line
CAPTAIN FISHER HAS NO EXCUSE.
I CAN only say they had a better team and by better play they won.
They had more team work. We had as good a team as could pos
sibly be put up, but we suffered from a lack of material. Our
coaching could not have been better, and we had the spirit of
the university behind us; in fact, better than ever before.
Chester Murphy played one of the best games I have ever seen. The
more Berkeley went against him the harder he played. There was
not a quitter on our team. The only reason for our defeat is that
they had a better eleven. I am glad to say that Berkeley put up a
good, clean game. I think that Cross, Clemens, Harrelson, Franken
heimer, Downing and Code deserve a great deal of credit for putting
a team in the field from the material we had. We have no excuses. We
were beaten fairly and squarely. We hope, however, to retrieve our
defeat next year. I have played on two winning teams, and know
what it is to be victorious.
FORREST S. FISHER, Captain Stanford Eleven.
Percy Hall dove into the air and "Chef
Murphy came to earth, exhausted, sore
of heart and bruised. The tackle, the
fierce run and the excitement of it all
left Murphy limp and sodden, a wound
ed man.
The twenty-fi - c yards left were twen
ty-five yards too much for Stanford to
make and the result was that California
secured the ball after three tries of
the cardinal. Then followed an inter
change of punts, in which Kaarsburg
did some rare fumbling. It was a
touchdown pretty soon for California
or not at all this half. In unison, like
the wheels of a machine, the blue and
gold team began the work that made
them the victors. Hall shot around
one end. Thane worked a double pass
and Kaarsburg went over the center.
Then Smith was brought into the play
and how he played. Head down and
teeth set into the Stanford line he went
and nothing seemed to stop him. With
the ball on the five-yard line, the Stan
ford team cro-chlng for the phalanx
rush, Hall tried for a touchdown. Three
yards he made. A quick line-up, a
quick pass, he shot through again, this
time for all he he'd dear on earth, a
touchdown which he knew meant vic
tory. Kaarsburg failed to kick a goal.
Soon after the half closed and the score
read: California, o; Stanford, 0.
The Stanford team came out in th«
field a much bedraggled set for the sec
ond half. James at left guard was re
tired and Freeman put in his place;
Clinton at right hnlf made way for
Dole. The two tackles. Wilson and
Rusk, who were counted on for so
much, had been outclassed by Pringle
and Whipple of California: the Stan
ford ends were outplayed by their op
ponents: the backs were unable to
fortify the weak center, and Stanford's
team entered upon the second stage of
the game a defeated eleven. Murphy
kicked off to Kaarsburg. who ran the
ball in fifteen yards. Then California
began a punting game at which Kaars
burg proved the eriual of Murphy. Re
lentlessly the California backs, young
Smith in particular, punctured the
Stanford line for any amount of gains.
Smith, time after time, broke through
their rushers, following Prinele. who
was a war-horse in his smashing work.
When a gain was wanted through the
other side of the line Whipple wag
called on for the hole-making, and he
succeeded. Yard after yard the blue
! and gold advanced toward the Stanford
j posts, but there was a check put in the
course fifteen yards avay from the
scoring point.
Then came the evidence of Stanford's
weakness. Murphy, limping and battle
stained, punted, and the bail only wentREFEREE GOODWIN ON THE GAME.
THERE is no doubt In my mind that the better team won. I do
not think that Berkeley's team was quite as fast as the team
that represented Stanford last year. Berkeley's slowness near
ly proved fatal to them at various times during the game. I
think the team that opposed the cardinal representatives this
afternoon was far and away ahead of any team Berkeley has ever
put forth. The superb manner in which her ends played their game
bespoke a large amount of hard coaching. As to the line men I think
Berkeley's forwards ran up quicker and followed the ball better than
their opponents. Stanford repeatedly got off side and were penalized
time and again, but not as much as they might have been. There was
too much attempted coaching from Berkeley men on the side lines.
The ground on which the teams played was in excellent shape, but it
to me th* 1 enclosure was too small to accommodate the large
of spectators who attended. Everything passed off Bmooth
ily until rear the close of the second half, when the crowd poured on
the gridiron w - B - GOODWIN, Referee.
twenty yards. The Pringle ram and the '
Smith locomotor were then brought |
.into action. .. i
Both together, one interfering, the t
other looked with him, perforated the
Stanford reds until the cardinal j
drooped and wilted. Whipple also ran
with the ball, and good gains were the
result. Smith with the entire team
back of him carried the ball to the two- ,
yard \lirie over a distance of ten yaros. '
Thei/Pringle, harnessed in a shoulder;
protection, strong as Hercules, was
given the ball and carried it over _f
the second touchdown. W Hson of Stan- ,
ford lay on his back, looking up to see
if it were carried over, curses flowing
quite prettily and the tears in his eyes.
Stanford was on the zero side of 10-0.
and a minute late the score became
11-0.
Stanford kicked-off again and the
same play was continued. The work
In t.he line was fierce. The cardinal ;
was defeated, but the red men could ;
not understand it. Ray Smith twisted
an ankle and retired. Kick after kick
• and a fumble gave California the ball
on the enemy's 45-yard line. The Cali
fornia ends, Craig and Womble, were
everywhere, down on kicks, putting :
their team off side when it was to their ,
advantage, tackling and downing the j
Stanford backers in their tracks. Then |
began a series of plays which brought
touchdown three. Hall, Smith and .
Fringle by runs or line bucks wrought
the approach to a higher score. Kaars- :
burg took a high dive over the pack
and Whlpple shot through for another
• touchdown. Kaarsburg kicked another
goal and the score was 17-0.
The succession of touchdowns in the .
second half was disheartening to the
cardinal, hut they played on. Hall !
skirted the ends again for- varying dis
tances. Smith churned the Stanford line
and Pringle ran like a plunging horse.
It was agony for one. but delight for
the other until Fringe shot over the
line for the fourth touchdown from j
which no goal was kicked. Score. 22-0.
The same tn < tics and the same result
was seen in the next try for a touch
down by California, but this time their
wild, fierce plunges did not net a score.
Time was called before they covered the
last twenty yards that separated them
from another score.
Cochran's t m was a revelation in >
football to the followers of Berkeley.
Tlrere was perfect action, a high degree j
of team play in which each individual !
found his place. Every man on the :
t»ani plave;! star football, but so well :
<1:d they play together that it was not i
the individual but the team that won !
■
The team- lined up as follows:
California. Positions. Stanford. |
Wnmhle R-Knd— L K. Smith I
J'r:nq;!e R — Tackle — I-/ Rusk '>
At'if-rn R— Guard— James. Freeman J
Cornish Center Bisrelow
O.'ipb^rff !-• — Guard — R Blanchard
Vhipp]<s L— Tackle— R Wilson ,'
f'raijr Lr— Bnd— R Parker j
Thane Quarter Murphy <
>f«H._.- I,— Hnlf— n Clinton. Plate. ■ -
Fmith ...r. Half— L Dole .
Kanrsburg Fullback Fisher j
Umpire Harvey and Refere • Goodwin ,
officiated to ■: general satisfaction of j
both teams. LOUIS IIONIG. j ]
SPENT THE EVENING
IN MIRTH AND MELODY
California Adherents Celebrate
The:r Signal Victory—Stan
ford's Gloom.
A wildly enthusiastic audience path- i
erort at Odd Fellows' Hall on Seventh
Btroot last night to assist the Berkeley
Students in celebrating the great foot
ball victory. There was not a vacant
seat in the house, and the vast con
course of people waved blue and gold
banners, yelled loudly at frequent in
tervals and applauded to the echo the
frequent stage hits at unfortunate
Stanford. It was a badly overworked
atmosphere, and the ear-splitting
pounds ejected into it and transmitted
to all parts of the hall caused much
molecular friction, rolling and rubbing
the particles of air together in a most
rasping fashion.
The programme for the evening, not
mentioning the yells of victory, which
occupied fully one-third of the time,
was as follows:
Overture, Berkeley Orchestra, U. C. Band;
rpenlriK chorus, U. C. Glee Club; remarks by
Kchwartz and Tally; "La Carmela" (Whit-
"ALL PLAYED WELL," SAYS CROSS.
Iran only say that every man or. my team rlid his duty and played
the best game that was in him. We were beaten by a better
team individually and collectively. Each man on the team deserves
praise for the work he did. I have only the highest praise for Mr.
Cochran. He certainly deserves great credit for developing the
team. The material was not as good as in former years, but from it
I developed the best team I could. I do not expect to ever return
here as a coach.
HARRY CROSS, Coach, Stanford Team.
rrark) U. C Mandolin Club: half hour of
magic.' HirshfeM; "At a Georjcia Camp Meet
<:*■ (Mills), U. C. Banjo clubs; "The Dago
From Mllpitaa," Mendenhall.
' "The Football Commissioner From France —
Cast of characters: Major Flyer. A. 8. Chese
brou] Victor ibola, R. W. Tully: Professor
Ppriii Ben Southard: Mrs. Sprinta*. El
mer if Harris: Ucie (their Laurence
R <Jrcen»; Julia ■a Iff of the major) Hilton H.
H.ti-.vaitz: Anna Maria (maid or all work). J.
v.'. K. Butler.
Scpiie— Berkeley. Time— The present.
\ct I— Professor Spilgglm' home. The
;• .leer's. The U. C. football team.
Act ll— 'l same. The major. The recon
clMatlon.
The team bnnqueted at Delmonico's,
where kindly words were spoken of the
players who saved the day for the Uni
•y of California. "Garry" Cochran
was the hero of the occasion.
Stanford's boys arc hard losers.
After the same members of the team
went to the Pleasanton and sat around
■wirii "two-by-fourteen" faces, talking
of what might have b^en done if— and
the days thai "has bcv>n." There was
no mirth, no merriment. Occasionally
an optimistic collegian would drop in
and essay a Jest, but the only response
would be a melancholy, sickening
smile that disappeared like an icicle
in a July sun, then tho stillnens of
death would again overtake the gath
ering.
Finally somebody suggested that
Stanford challenge Berkeley to a shuf
fle-board tournament. Just what would
have happened him had not mino host
made the announcement that dinner
was ready is not known. Tho an
nouncement was the most encouraging
thing of the day and the little band of
mourner? linkel arms and hobbl d into
the dining-room, where the bunches of
cardinal ribbon stared from every dish
' — a death's head at the feast.
L.ater on in the evening the spirits of i
the vanquished revived considerably, j
and players and laymen visited the Co
i lumbia to witness the performance of
"Gay Coney Island." Once Inside,
■where cardinal reigned, an air of gay
ety was assumed, but tie observant
said it was only superficial. Great
bunches of cardinal ribbon were every
where seen, flying- flags with the white
"S" were flaunted above the hea<is of
the audience and " 'Rah, 'rah, Stan- ;
ford." made the welkin ring. The ac- \
tors, in keeping with the spirit of i
things, were also liberally decked in !
cardinal and were freely applauded ac
cordingly. During the first act the boys
made such a din that at its close they :
were requested to be less noisy, in order ;
that the audience might be able to hear
a little of what was going on on the |
stage for a change.
Crowds also collected In the adjoin- i
ing saloons and it was found neces- I
sary to call In the police to keep the I
roof on the house. Everybody realized, j
however, that the football game comes !
but once a year and Stanford's defeat j
is the exception at that, so the noise
was takfn for the most part uncom
plainingly and the boys who tried to
drown iheir sorrow with cheering cor
dials and wear a mask of gayety were
forgiven.
POLICING OF THE
GAME WAS EXCELLENT
A Great Multitude of People
Handled Without Friction
or Incident.
The police arrangements of the great
game were excellent— in fact, the crowd ;
was much better handled than hereto
fore. The credit is due to Lieutenant I
' I ■ * I T t T TT TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
AS UMPIRE HARVEY SAW IT.
I BELIEVE the better team won. Berkeley's men displayed fiplen- -
did team work throughout the match, and this fact gained them a -
victory. It was a pleasure for me to officiate, as both teams played -
clean football. Although defeated, Stanford should not feel down- -
cast, as the men who composed the defeated eleven played pluck- -<
ily. The cardinal Beemed to place too much reliance on their bril- -
llant quarterback. Murphy by far played the host individual game. -
His team depended too much on him, however, and did not combine In -
their plays as did Berkeley. As to the linemen of both elevens, I <t
think Berkeley was superior, although Stanford's center was equal to -
the blue and gold man. Berkeley's ends outclassed Stanford's, as also -
did her backs. P. H. HARVEY, Umpire. «
Hanna and Sergeant Brophy, who
were in charge of the squad. They
were untiring and helpful in seating
the vast crowd and efficient in keeping
the field and side lines clear. Toward
the end of the contest, when there re
mained but a few minutes of play, the
crowd made a united effort and broke
over the fence, but they were kept be
hind the side lines by the police.
There were no accidents to the spec
tators and but little inconvenience,
although some of the sections were
Blightly oversold.
MOUNTAIN OF GOLD ORE
DISCOVERED BY A LADY
Accidentally Struck a Fabulously
Rich Ledge While Out for r.
Stroll.
TACOMA Nov. 24.— Mrs. Treat of New
York City has accidentally discovered an
immense vein of high-grade gold and ;
copper quartz on Texada Island, off the
British Columbian coast. Mrs. Treat ha?
visiting her husband, who is the ,
i manager of the Van Anda mine on Tex- !
ada Island, and two weeks ago went up
to the mine workings.
While out strolling two miles from
camp she picked up some rich looking
rockT Following up this discovery she I
1 found a vein twenty feet wide running
through the mountain.
After tf>n days 1 investigations experts
pronounce it the biggest strike made on
: the Pacific Coast in recent years. It is '
1 nothing less than a mountain of very j
rlrh ore. Thousands of tons of ore ay- i
ernglng $20 a ton are in sight. One piece
i weighing five tons, averaging $60 a ton,
was taken out Monday. It is intended to
place it in the Taris exhibition
Mrs. Treat's discovery will make mil
lionaires of the- men owning the claims
on which .it was found. A large force
of men is now developing it
URUGUAY THREATENED
WITH INVASION
Several Bevolutionary Bands Said to
Have Crossed the Frontier From
Brazil.
Special Cable tr> The Call and the New York
Heralei. Copyrlrhted, 1898. by Jam>s Gor
,lr>n Bennett.
MONTEVIDEO. Nov. 24-Revolutlon
ary bands from Brazil have crossed the
frontier and are threatening to unite and
march toward the capital. Troops have
been sent to pursue them.
These bands are supposed to be the van
guard of a large force which hns been
gathering in Brazil for several wp«k» and
awaiting a favorable opportunity to move.
The Government received notice of the
presence of the revolutionists in time to
mass troops on the frontier before the
Invasion began.
RIOTING AT SEOUL
IS NOW SUBSIDING
Spp. ml <'able to The Call and the New York
Heiald. Copyrighted, 1898. by Jam^a Gor
don Bennett.
HONGKONG. Nov. 24.— A dispatch from
Chemulpo, dated November 23. reports
that the rioting at Seoul Is subsiding.
Three Koreans were killed yesterday.
The followers of the Independence Club
were victorious in the conflict. The Brit
ish warship Hermione has arrived there.
THE SAST FKAK CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1898.
SPANIARDS YET
PROCRASTINATE
Undecided as to Their
Final Answer.
BUT THEY WILL ACCEPT
DELAY YET HOPED FOR BY THE
MADRID COMMISSION.
Dons Thinks That Twenty Million
Dollars Is Not Enough for the
Philippines, But They Will
Take It.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
LONDON, Nov. 25. — The
Madrid correspondent of the
Daily Mail says: The Cabinet
will take a final decision Friday,
but it is agreed in principle to
authorize Senor Montero Rios,
president of the Spanish com
mission, to sign a peace treaty,
although the commissioners may
be instructed to insist upon its
ratification by the Cortes. It is
believed this decision will pro
voke an Internal crisis.
PARIS, Nor. 24.— The Spanish Com
missioners at noon to-day had not
fixed upon the day to submit their
final answer to the American proposi
tion, but It is deemed most likely that
Saturday will be the day appointed.
The opinion gains ground that the
Spaniards will accept the proposals of
the United States. A significant indi
cation of this view of the situation
was a remark by Senor Aberzusa of
the Spanish Commission to-day that
they expected to remain here about a
fortnight longer.
The secretary of the Spanish Com
mission. Senor Ojeda, said to-day that
the instructions from Madrid were not
sufficiently matured to enable them to
appoint the next meeting.
The correspondent of the Associated
! Press asked Aberzusa If the commis
i sion would be able to leave Paris next
week with the treaty. He responded.
! with a sidelong glance, as though to
I observe whether his questioner noted
the significance of the reply. "I sup
pose we shall be here for another fort
night."
"Why," the Spanish Commissioner
was asked, "is the opinion expressed
so emphatically by a portion of the
Paris press that you will decline the
j $20,000,000, but will sign the treaty with
i a protest that you do so only under the
! pressure of superior power?"
"Well, it does seem that $20,000,000 is
not very satisfactory."
This was the semi-evasive manner in
which the Spanish diplomat answered
i the question.
His questioner continued, "Then it
has been affirmed that Spain will re
: fuse to sign the treaty, decline the
money offered and make a protest to
European powers and that her Com
missioners will go home. Is that the
■ most likely result?"
"Ah, but we should not anticipate;
1 we should know day by day what hap
, pens day by day."
"And so you anticipate more daily
' developments here?"
"Ah. yes, we will be here a fortnight.
; Perhaps some affairs may Ibe1 be attended
; to in that time."
The Petit Bleu reaffirms to-day as a
certainty that the Spanish Commis
! sioners will refuse the amount offered
of $20,000,000 for a treaty cession of the
I Philippines.
MADRID, Nov. 24.— An official dis
i patch from Manila says that reinforce
ments of American troops, numbering
4000 men. have been landed in the Phil
ippine Islands.
The Madrid newspapers comment bit
terly upon the peace conditions of the
United States and upon the landing of
American reinforcements in the Philip
pine Islands. The Imparcial expresses
th" belief that "the American exac
tions ar» becoming harder and harder,"
and adds that there "appears to be a
European plot in favor of might against
right."
WOULD PURCHASE
ADDITIONAL ISLANDS
Belief That the Administration
Wants tne Carolines, Ualan and
the Pelew Group.
NEW YORK. Nov. 24.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs : There is no reason to be
lieve that the administration would be
willing to purchase from Spain not only
the Philippines and Ualan Island, but
all of the Carolines and the Pelew
group.
Much regret is felt in official circles,
particularly among naval men, at the
failure of the President to insert in the
peace protocol a provision regarding
the Caroline and Pelew islands similar
to that relating to the Philippines. It
is no longer a secret that during the
war the Naval War Board and Com
mander H. B. Bradford, chief of the
bureau of equipment of the Navy De
partment, Btrenuously urged upon Sec
retary Long and the President the
seizure of the Carolines. In fact, I un
derstand that one of the monitors sent
to Manila was selected by the board for
this dut3', but the President failed to
approve the proposition. Behind the
proposition to buy Ualan lies the hope
in some quarters that Spain will make
a counter proposition for the cession of
the entire group and Pelew Islands for
an increased compensation. The belief
prevails here that the Germans will
bring pressure to bear upon Spain to
prevent her from selling the Carolines
to the United States. Such action
would undoubtedly be looked upon as
cause for a breach of friendship.
Oregon and lowa at Montevideo.
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay, Nov. 24.—
The United States battle-ships Oregon
and lowa and the collier Celtic have ar
rived here to recoal and take on board
supplies of provisions.
ADVEBTIS'SMENTS. _____ __
TO CHASrAWAYTHAFcHirLY FEELING-
JljjjplJ^^P^, jT7ie man with ten dollars
' ' z#7i 5 clothes is a> wealthy
gsT \ysm \ i™ 011/r house it buys a> lot of
-— ®li3 El<=l^^ wishes to wear, no matter
Jfiii^r /JSF v^j^ /w^ 1 Jt^ off, are piped with 4 rows
ZZZZZZI ©-11-13-15KEARNYST.
— THE FRISCO BOYS.
DISASTERS IN
NORTHERN WATERS
Misfortunes of the
Steamer Utopia.
VISITED BY FIRE AND STORM
FLAMES SPREAD DURING A
MOST SEVERE GALE.
One Passenger of the Unlucky Craft
Jumps Into a Life Boat and Is
Drowned — Buildings Burned
at Skaguay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORT TOWNSEND, Nov. 24.—Ac
cording to reports brought down from
the north by the steamship Farallon.
Captain John Roberts, arriving to-night
from Alaska, the winter season has set
in early and is accompanied by a series j
of disasters. Captain Roberts reports
the roughest trip in his experience in
northern waters, having encountered a
series of gales during the entire voyage.
The Farallon brings news of the mis
fortunes of the steamer Utopia, Cap
tain White, embracing both fire and
storm. On the north-bound trip of the
Utopia, during a severe gale off Cape
Fanshaw, thirty miles from Wrangel
Narrows, fire broke out in the forward
cabin, which rapidly spread, and for a j
time bid fair to consume the vessel and
consign all on board to a watery grave.
As a precautionary measure Captain
White gave orders to lower the boats
and rafts with instructions for no one i
to enter them until the word was given.
A passenger whose name is unknown
became greatly excited, and as soon as
the first boat struck the water jumped
into it, and at the same time a high
sea struck the boat, capsizing it, and
the unfortunate fellow was drowned,
despite the heroic efforts fnade to save
him.
Through the almost superhuman ef
forts of the captain and crew the fire
was extinguished after It had burned
the pilot house, wheel and forward part
of the cabin.
In this condition the Utopia pro
ceeded on her voyage. When off Cape
Arden, the northern extremity of Ad
miralty Island, during a heavy gale, on
the night of the 2t)th. she lost her pro
peller, and while drifting at the mercy
of the wind and wave and being car
ried toward the rocky shore, the Far
allon came along, and, hearing her sig
nals of distress, went to her assistance
and with much difficulty succeeded in
getting a line aboard at a time when
all had given up hope. At the place
where she was picked up there was no
anchorage. The Farallon towed her to
Juneau. Her cargo is considerably
damaged, and several passengers lost
their entire effects.
Skaguay has again been visited by
fire. On the night of the 17th the en
tiro offices and buildings of tho White
Pass and Yukon Railroad Company
were destroyed. Th<- loss of buildings
is light, compared with the contents,
consisting of maps, surveys and other
valuable papers, which requir.e consid
erable time and outlay t<> replace.
A large livery and food stable situ
ated in the center of Skaguay was
burned on the night- of the ISth. The
loss was quite heavy, as the stable was
wrli ailed with hay and grain. Three
horses were burned to death.
DULY OBSERVED BY
AMERICANS AT BERLIN
BERLIN, Nov. 24.— A Thanksgiving
dinner, attended by 200 Americans, was
given at the Kaiserhof this evening.
John B. Jackson, Secretary of the
American Embassy, presided at the
banquet and proposed toasts to Presi
dent McKinley and Emperor William,
both of which were received with
cheers.
I 'resident M. E. Gates of Amherst
College made an address upon the sig
nificance of national holidays, after
which Mr. Jackson introduced Major
Central Frank Whoaton. U. S. A., re
tired. In the course of his remarks Mr.
Jackson said v great German chief,
upon reading the report of the battle of
Santiago, expressed unqualified admira
tion of the spirit of the American sol
diers who, though knowing that the
enemy was armed with better weapons,
never for a moment doubted that they
would win the victory.
General Wheaton, in his address, said
he hoped Congress realized the fact that
the United States needed an army com
mensurate with the requirements of a
great nation. The dinner was followed
by a dance.
At Glen Park.
A large crowd visited Glen Park yester
day. The new vaudeville tent has been
completed, and an interesting entertain
ment was given under its cover. After
the performance the balloon ascension
and parachute jump by Professor Conlan
was successfully ar-compllshed. There
was a strong wind blowing at the time,
and it carried the professor close to the
Ban Mateo County line. The new rustic
restaurant was opened yesterday.
CONSOLIDATION
NOT A SUCCESS
Puget Sound University
Withdraws.
WILL NOW GO IT ALONE
THE PORTLAND INSTITUTION
BREAKS PROMISES.
Trustees of the Tacoma Concern De
cide to Disobey Bishop Mc-
Cabe and Run Inde
pendently.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Nov. 24.— Puget Sound
University of Tacoma and the Oregon
University of Portland, both Methodist
institutions, were consolidated in Sep
tember by the action of a special edu
cational commission of both, of which
Bishop McCabe and Dr. Payne, secre
tary of the Methodist educational
board, were prominent members. The
consolidated university was located at
Portland, after a sharp contest be
tween Tacoma and Portland, the latter
city agreeing to furnish buildings and
a site free of debt, besides paying off
$40,000 indebtedness of the Puget Sound
University here.
After two months of intermittent ef- ,
fnrts in that direction Portland has I
failed to pay this indebtedness or keep !
her promises in other respects. This
course has greatly exasperated the
trustees of the Puget Sound University, I
who were morally responsible for its j
indebtedness. The climax was reached ]
to-day when the Puget Sound Uni
versity trustees voted to disobey j
Bishop McCabe and the special com- !
mission by withdrawing from the con- j
solidation plan and continuing the I
school here. Pledges of liberal sup
port locally and from wealthy Eastern |
Methodists have been received.
The university will be reopened in
January, and an appeal will be made
to the Puget Sound and general confer
ences from the action of Bishop Mc-
Cabe's commission.
Superior Judge Carroll, who Is one of
the university trustees, says the com
mission was plainry wrong from a legal
standpoint, and that the university
must be maintained in order to fulfill
the promises made to local contributors
toward its support. The university has
grown steadily since it was established
in IS9O, with Rev. F. B. Cherington.
now a Congregational minister in San
Francisco, as its first president. Last
year it had nearly 400 pupils.
GENERAL HOLIDAY
AT VOLUNTEER CAMPS
All Drills Suspended and the Troopa
Have Various Forms of Enter
tainment.
SAVANNAH. Ga.. Nov. 24.— Every sol
dier in the Seventh Corps was made to feel
that to-day was Thanksgiving. All drills
were abandoned for the day. and at 2
o'clock each man received a donation ol
turkey, fruit and cake. Over 24.000 tur
keys and several wagon-loads of fruit
and cake were sent out to the camp this
morning. The feast for General Lee's
men was provided for by the ladles of
Charleston. The provost guard regiment,
the Fourth Illinois, was especially enter
tained in a separate refreshment tent.
The square tables were covered with flags
and flowers. The members of the teams
of the First Texas and Forty-ninth lo
we played a game of football in the park
before a large crowd. General I-.ee at
tended services at St. John's Church.
KNOXVILLE, Nov. 24.— The First West
Virginia boys entertained the Sixth Ohio
in a body at a Thanksgiving dinner to
day. The former regiment leaves Satur
day for Columbus. Division headquarters
wlil be brought up early next week. The
First Brigade is now supplied with tent
stoves and is waiting for the Cuban ex-
V-M'NTSVILLE. Nov. 24.— Thanksgiving
lay was observed here as a holiday.
There were no drills and only necessary
duties were performed by the soldiers.
The Fifteenth Infantry will "tobably
leave to-morrow for Savannah mider or
ders to join General Carpenter at Nue
vitas. Cuba.
THE JUNIORS.
Abraham" Lincoln Council will give a
smoker and jinks in December, to which
all members of the order will be invited.
The members of the order in Alameda
County will attend divine service In the
First Methodist Episcopal Church at 7:30
p m. on Sunday, the 27th inst. The in
vitation was extended this year by Cus
ter Council and accepted by all the other
councils of the county. California Com
mandery, in full uniform, will escort the
councils from Fraternal Hall to the
C Monroe Council adjourned its meeting:
on Tuesday, the 15th inst., out of respect
to the memory of Everett Ames, one of
its members.
-" ■ — r— — ♦ • — ; — — '-
The Turkish Government has adopted
the Bertillon system of measuring as a
means of identifying criminals; quar
ters for carrying it into operation have
been made ready in the prison of Stam
boul and at the Government's request
a French functionary was sent to Mt
the system Into operation. - '^
34
FIRE TRAP YIELDS UP TWO VICTIMS
SECRETS OF THE
BALDWIN RUINS
Death Roll Expected to Reach
Appalling Proportions.
Woefully Small Night Force Employed at
the Hotel and Innumerable Obstacles
in the Way of Escape.
Two victims of th-.- Baldwin Hotel fire
i.s yester
the first, James M. ] ■ being
found in his bathroom, whil<
ond. H. A. Pryor, lay just under the
surfaci : ■ ruins that ihoke the
■ ;i within the '
Both bodies wen I *>y
ident by parti..- engaged by
private indivld lals 1
missing valuables. What - irch ;
will reveal when it b
the direction of the authorities cm only I
be conjectured, but police and nr
believe that lying in that immense ■
maps of charred lvi I bent and
twisted r beneath in the depths :
<rf the inky water that fills the 1
ment to a depth of several feet, many
more bodies will be found.
The police and firemen are not alone
In this belief. Men about town who j
have made the Baldwin th^-ir rendez-
VOUfl for years, habitues of the tender- j
loin, who are versed in all the secrets of j
every resort in the district— all declare j
their conviction that yesterday's addi- I
tion to the death roll was but the be
ginning:, and that the end will be a
repetition of the Hotel Royal horror, j
over which New York still shudders.
It has been a matter of common >
street gossip for years that the hotel j
A VICTIM OF THE SMOKE.
Firemen Discover James LeitheacTs Body in
His Bathroom.
management never required guests to
produce marriage certificates; the
house has long been the headquarters
of the moneyed sporting people, while
it has been exceedingly popular with
members of the gentler sex.
It has been asserted tha < ertain pa
trons were favored by being placed on
a private register, thus avoiding the
publicity i.f having their names appear
on the public record. Certain it is that
the management has Bhown a reluc
tance to produce its books since the
flre, and one employe informed a re
porter thai they were in the vault. This
does not agree with the statement
made by Night Porter Joseph V. Mc-
Carthy to The Call last night, for Mc-
Carthy said he gathered up the cash
ier's and all the other books, excepting
the public register, and removed them
himself to the Emporium, leaving them
in charge of the night watchman
there. He would have taken the regis
ter also, but Night Clerk Scott said it
was not necessary.
Puring the c a Call reporter was on
■the fourth floor assisting in arousing
the slumbering occupants of the rooms,
when he heard an employe of the hotel
shout out to another employe: "For
God's sake, get those drunks out; get
those drunks out!" It was very late
when the ar« broke out and habitues
of the tenderloin are prone to convivi
ality between dinner and the hour of re
tiring. The hails and corridors of the
Baldwin extended at many angles and
were confusing at best. Filled yith
blinding smoke and pitch dark, it
would require the hand of Providence
to guir*3 somes of the guests to safety,
particularly if they were in such a con
dition as the hotel employe's warning
shout would indicate.
Then again, from the statements of
attaches of the hotel themselves, it is
shown conclusively that the night
force, that is the force on duty be
tween midnight and 6 a. m., is entirely
Inadequate. The night porter, in addi
tion to keeping a general lookout with
the night watchman, was required to
act as bellboy for every room in the
house, and he, with the watchman and
one elevator boy, were the only em
ployes on duty on the upper floors.
It is after all these facts are taken
into consideration that the authorities
form the opinion that the death roll
will grow to appalling proportions.
Moreover, some of the dead will never
be identified, they say.
One story told yesterday that seemed
to have considerable foundation In fact,
may be recited in support of this asser
tion, names only being withheld. This
story is t<< the effect that the wayward
daughter of a family highly honored in
the city and State whose name has
tarnished by the breath
andal, is known to have occupied
• ;i iii the Baldwin that fatal night.
She has not been seen since then, and
her friends believe she lies somewhere
in that blackened, watersoaked heap of
ruins. Rather than brave the disgrace
they have smothered their grief and
concealed their child's disappearance
from the world, fearfully awaiting de
velopments.
Should her body, when found, be
possible of identification, then conceal
ment will be no longer possible; but if
th>- llames have obliterated her fea
tures then there will be a burial of the
charred remains of some unidentified
dead in th? city's plat, the wretched
ts will give out that their daugh
ter has gone to Europe, where they
will soon follow her never to return,
and the erstwhile social favorite will
drop out of the minds of her San Fran
acqualntai
The frightful rapidity with which the
flames enveloped every part of the huge
building astonished even the expe
• I firemen and that all but a half
dozen or so of the 800 or 900 people
;, lg€>d beneath its roof should make
their way to safety would prove little
short of miraculous, handicapped as
they were by tortuous passageways,
total darkness and stifling smoke in
addition to the bewilderment attendant
at such a period.
To-day the work of tearing down the
tottering chimneys and walls and the
grewsome delving among the wreckage
for victims will begin in earnest.
DEATH CAME WHILE
HE WAS ASLEEP
Remains of Purser Leithead
found in a Bath
room.
The blackened body of James M.
Leithead was found yesterday forenoon in
the bathroom adjoining his apartment on
the fifth floor of the Baldwin Hotel. From
the position in which the body was found
it was apparent that death came upon
him unawares.
The popular young purser of the Pa
cific Mail steamer City of Sydney was one
of the many victims of "Wednesday morn-
ing's fire, but his death was robbed of
much of the horror of the occasion, as it
must have occurred before the flames
reached the Ellis-street side. The dis-
covery of the body jarred the nerves of
Manager Lake, who had gone to the top
of the building to his own apartments in
search of sdme valuables he had left
there. Cautiously picking his way over
the debris, Manager Lake nearly reached
his room, when curiosity prompted him
to push open the door of the bathroom
connected with Leithead's room. Sitting
in a chair in a position of repose was the
nude body of the unfortunate man.
Portions of the body had been scorched
by the flames, but this must have ta*»en
place long after life was extinct, for there
was no sign of suffering on the face. One
leg was crossed over the other, and the
head reclined on the left ha«d, the arm
renting upon a small table. The eyes
were cloned as if in sleep, indicating that
Leithead had retired to the bathroom
weary and sleepy, had sat down for a
minute or bo to rest and fallen asleep.
He was not aroused by the noises in iue
haliway and was aaphyxiated.
Leithead had attended a dinner party
In the Western Addition In the evening,
and the last seen of him was when he
left the hack and went to his room Boon
after 2 o'clock in the morning. For many
years it had been the habit of the purser
to take a cold bath Just before retiring.
The MorKue officials were Immediately
notified and Deputy Coroner Hallett per
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAT, KOYEMBEII 25, 1898.
FINDING TATE PRYOR'S BODY
formed the unpleasant duty of removing
the dead from the ruins.
Deputy Hallett made an inspection of
the dead man's room and found his
clothes, trunk, etc. Tbe pockets in Leit
head's clothing- contained nothing of
value. althoiiKh he was always well pro
vided with money when ashore. The
trunk contained. only clothing. Manager
Lake, who assisted in the search, found
a draft for $50 drawn in favor of the dead
man's mother, who is believed to be in
N< w York. The trunk was sent to the
Morgue. Miss Susie W. Nicoll <>f 62s
Haierht street, an intimate friends of Leit
heaa. who is employed in the office of the
steamship company, called at the Morgue
and identified the body.
The body was removed at once to an
undertaking parlor. It is very likely it
will be sent to his mother in New York.
Deceased was a native of Montreal and
wa3 about ",2 years of age. He had been
employed by the Pacific Mail Steamship
Com pun v for the X<nat five years and was
one of tho most efficient and popular offi
cials in its employ.
IDENTIFIED AS
A. J. PRYOR
Charred Head and Trunk
Recovered From the
Debris.
Yesterday afternoon the debris reluc
tantly gave up a portion of a burned and
mutilated victim of the BalSwin fire trap.
While workmen were engaged in removing
broken timbers to get a jeweler's safe,
which had fallen through the floor of 842
Market street, they uncovered a horrible
sight. The shriveled head and trunk of
a human being were lying there, the pain
distorted face telling of an awful agony
before death came. The body had been
severed from the lower extremities and
the whole top of the skull was gone. Be
tween the clenched teeth a crisped tongue
protruded, and the vacant eyesockets and
hollow nasal cavity left but little expres
sion by which an identification could be
made.
A. S. Levin saw the awful sight first
and called it to the attention of the work
men. Though strong men it was more
than they could bear and with blanched
faces they turned away and left their
work. The Coroner's office was notified
by telephone and Deputy O'Brien soon ar
rived. The approach of the Morgue
wagon sent a shudder through the great
crowd which filled the south side of Mar
ket street from the car track to the
buildings. Impelled by morbid curiosity
the mob rushed en masse toward the en
AN OVERTURNED LAMP WAS
THE CAUSE OF THE FIRE
A Drunken Orgie of Cooks and Waiters in tlie Kitchen Said to Hare Led to I
the Awful Loss of Liie and Property.
o o
O X—^ INCE the disastrous flre in the Baldwin Hotel on Wednesday morning the air has quivered with query o
° as to Its cause and the location of its origin. The latter point seems to have been settled, however, be- °
O /^N yond a reasonable doubt. It started in the kitchen. The Investigation made by the Fire Department, as- O
o V«*/ stated by the owners of the hotel, tends to prove this, and the evidence of one particular person who is O
O connected with the theater, If correct, leaves no further room for inquiry. The party referred to is the o
O stage carpenter, and he claims to have been on the stage of the theater after the fire had been burning in the o
o hotel and after the alarm had been sounded, and that at that time the showhouse was not on fire.
A persistent rumor, with the color of truth, went the rounds in this city yesterday. It attributes the or
° igin of the great fire to the gross misconduct of waiters and cooks of the hotel. According to rule the kitchen °
° should be cleared and vacated by 12 o'clock, but a number of cooks and waiters who desired an evening to them- °
° selves entered the steward's apartments and secured a quantity of wines, which they proceeded to open and con- o
O Eume in the kitchen. _ m *^_. / . o
Their orgies occupied three hours and the wine made a number or them boisterous. Fighting began, and in
° the tussle a lamp and some oil was overturned. Realizing the danger, but frightened at the situation, they at- °
° tempted to extinguish the rapidly increasing flames themselves, but after several minutes the futility of their o
° efforts dawned upon them. In terror they took to their heels and failed to warn any one of the fearful damage Q
° they had created.
O The rumor is based upon statements made by some of the parties who bear the responsibility of the awful °
O catastrophe upon their heads. During the day and yesterday they, wishing to drown their sorrows in drink, in- O
o dulged, and in consequence loosened their tongues to such an extent that they confessed to the crime. Matters q
are expected to develop in a short time, as so many were present that their mouths cannot always remain
° sealed to the public.
° The conclusion arrived at by Chief Marshal Towe is that the blaze started in the kitchen, and he attrib- p
O utes It to a defective range. He has not secured any direct evidence, but has arrived at the most possible con- 6
O elusion in the absence of any. O
The Baldwin Hotel at the time of its construction was provided with no bridging between the studding, and _
the flames were free to creep directly from the basement to the roof between the walls without any bulkhead or
° interruption. There may have been no draught in the lower portion of the aperture, but this draught was prob- °
O ably found at the fifth story, where the flames burst forth. O
O Whatever develops in connection with the rtraor depends upon It being probed to the very core. People q
o who have expressed themselves agree that it is true and that a sensation may be expected. The Information
' comes from very responsible sources, but no names are permitted to be given at the present time.
The Fire Wardens will meet to-morrow at the City Hall. The meeting haß been called for the purpose of °
O attending to matters in connection with the Baldwin fire and to take steps toward ordering the removal of the o
O ruins. The hour named Is 11 o'clock. o
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Dismembered Trunk and Head Discovered in the
Debris Where the Theater Stood,
trance in front of which the dead wagon
Stopped, and the score of policemen on
duty were almost overwhelmed. Many
men whose curiosity exceeded their Judg
ment got past of the officers and ran
stumbling into the ruins, regardless of
the danger of injury and possibly death
from a falling wall.
In response to a request by Deputy
Coroner O'l-irien, District Engineer M
Klssi.k ordered several firemen to remove
the broken timber so that the body could |
be taken out. Care was taken In clearing ;
a space around the body. Tt was thought
possible that a piece of jewelry or sum. 1 - i
thing might be attached to tho flesh |
which might aid In establishing the Iden
ttty of the unfortunate person. "\\ hen j
the tagged timbers were moved aside or j
cut away only a smalkportlon of the boi y •
was found. Its appearance Indicated that
it had been severed at the abdomen by a
large iron pipe, which either burned or
cut the body in two when the building fell
in. The remainder of the body was n<
found though it may be underneath tl
mass of iron and brick near which it
trunk was lying. „ , .
The grewsome obiect was placed in a
old cloth and when the Morgue man ca
ried it out to the street, the gapii
crowd's curiosity was satisfied. \\<>nv
fainted and men averted their eyes a
the parcel was deposited in the Morgu
receiver. Before the charnel wagon dn>\
away a small piece of roasted flesh wa
found by those Inside the ruins and th
Coroner returned to get It. Another t>
tempt was made to find the legs bu
without success.
No one could tell whether the remain
were thoste of a man or woman. Th
teeth were the only features by whi
any one could possibly recognize the dt
ceased.
At the Morgue a closer examinatioT
was made and the sex was establishet
by the size of the head, the chest an
arm. It was decided that it had one
been a man.
A number of men employed at the rac
track visited the Coroner's office las
night, and after the body had been viewec
by them some said it was that of Judg
J. J. Carter and others H. A. Pryor.
The most positive identification, how
ever is that of W. J. Mosley. the book
maker who says there is no doubt in h
mind that it is Pryor. He has been i
telegraphic communication with M
Pryor, who resides at 2301 A Walnut stre
in St. Louis, and from information r
ceived from her as to the gold fillings
the teeth he Is positive that it is Pryo
Before Mosley visited the Morgue the on
gold filling noticed was a crown on
tooth on the left Fide of the jaw. He to
the Deputy Coroner that Pryor had cap
on the tee"th of the right upper and le
lower jaw and two fillings in the uppe
jaw. Examination of the remains prove
that the teeth corresponded with this d
scrlption Harry Corbett also identified
the body as that of Pryor.
Mr. Mosley immediately notified Mrs.
Pryor that the body of her husband had
been recovered, and the remains will be
shipped to St. Louis for burial.
F A Minor sheet writer for Charles
Humphrey, and Ralph Tozier, a reporter.
were of 'the opinion that the body was
that of Judge J. J. Carter. They based
their belief on the high cheek boms,
prominent nose and square neck.
Pryor occupied room 476 on the fifth I
floor and was awkened, but did not es
cape from the burning- hullding. He was
seen in the hallway by three nf his fellow
guests after the Hames had pot into the
corridors. He had lost his bearings and
was wildly running about seeking the
stairway. Men who Baw Pryor last say
he was in the Market street hall, near
the angle of the Powell street hall. He
asked how he could get out and the men
told him to follow them. They turned
around the next instant to see if Pryor
was coming and he was running east" in
the Market street hall. This incident al
most establishes the identification of the
dismembered trunk at the Morgue as that
of Pryor. It is presumed that he ran
into the thickening smoke, was overcome
and died of BUffocatlon before the flames
reai bed the spot when- h»- fell. The loca
tion of the body when found substantiates
this theory.
JOHN McCARTHY
REPORTED MISSING
He May Have Perished in the
Baldwin Fire.
John McCarthy Is supposed to be among
the missing, and it is feared he met a ter
rible death during the great conflagra
tion that destroyed the Baldwin Hotel.
The missing man was registered at the
well-known caravansary and since the
fire his absence has been noted b,y his
friends and they are anxiously trying to
ascertain his whereabouts.
McCarthy arrived from New York a few
weeks ago and stopped at the Baldwin.
He came to this city as the representa
tive of a large wholesale liquor house of
New York City.
A Mr. Goroux, advance agent for the
Seven Sutherland Sisters, has been in
quiring everywhere for his friend, but
without success. It is thought his body
will be found amid the charred ruins of
the destroyed structure.
FRIENDS COME TO
BALDWIN'S AID
Although he has a great many plans
under consideration Baldwin has not yet
decided whether or not he will rebuild.
As was expected many of his old-time
! friends sought him out with offers of as
i sistance and submitted plans to him, but
I none have passed the consideration stage.
Several consultations were held during
the day with officials of the Hlbernia
Bank and agents of companies anxious to
purchase the site outright. It Is under
| stood that the officials of the hank offered
I either to buy the ground or assist in the
! erection of a new building. There is a
| diversity of opinion. Some favor the
i erection of a first-class hotel, while oth
i ers suggest a handsome opera house and
; a block of buildings, but it will be some
days before any definite conclusions can
i be arrived at.
MORE LIVES
JEOPARDIZED
The Swaying Walls a Menace to
Street Car Patrons.
Loosened Pillars and Tottering Chimneys
May Fall at Any Moment — Thou
sands View the Ruins.
Countless thousands took advantage
of the Thanksgiving holiday to visit the
ruins of the Baldwin Hotel. From
early morning till late at night hun
dreds of police officers were on duty on
Market, Powell and Ellis streets, keep
ing the curious and morbid from
rushing beneath the swaying walls.
Every few moments extra officers had
to break Into a crowd to keep the peo
ple moving. The police had the hard
est work on Powell street. A moving
stream of people passed and repassed
on the west sidewalk, and they were
kept on the walk only by great effort.
Occasionally a jam would occur, and
those on the outside were forced into
the street. Then the police would clear
them out. Similar scenes were enacted
on Ellis street.
Many former guests who lost prop
erty in the hotel secured permits from
the fire wardens and employed firemen
and civilians to search for thelf be
longings. Considerable property was
recovered, but the owners did not gain
much, as every article of wearing ap-
KNOWN TO BE IN THE RUINS
Judge John J. Carter's Friends Now Seek
Only His Dead Body.
parel was ruined by smoke and water.
Some saved a few trinkets and memen
tos, which were all they cared for. Sev
eral men were engaged all the after
noon in digging out the baggage in the
dressing rooms of the theater, which
belonged to the members of the "Secret
Service" company.
The underwriters' big pumping en
gine was at work all day taking water
from the hotel basement. It was sta
tioned at the corner of Powell and Mar
ket streets, alongside the curb. An
immense suction pipe was run into the
main entrance to the grotto and the big
machine kept a flood running all day.
When the pumping commenced, night
before last, there was nearly six feet
of water in the cellar. Last night eight
een Inches remained on the tiled floor.
Some idea of the amount of water
thrown on the fire can be obtained from
the fact that the pump discharged 1500
to 2000 gallons a minute for twenty-four
hours. Over 2,500,000 gallons of water
has already been pumped out. This im
mense quantity of water weighs 20,000
tons.
A great danger, which imperils life,
exists on all sides of the wrecked build
ing. Chief of Police Lees thoroughly in
spected the ruins yesterday, and im
mediately issued imperative orders that
no persons be allowed in or about the
place unless they had business there,
and further that all men employed to
look for missing valuables should be
warned by the policemen on duty of
the chances they were taking in work
ing around the walls. Considerable ap
prehension Is felt for the safety of
passengers on the Powell-street cars,
and as a precaution passengers ought
to alight at the corner of Ellis street
and not ride to the turntable. Any
instant a mass of debris is liable to
fall from the top of the waving wall,
and a catastrophe would result if a car
happened to be passing. Near the
corner of Ellis, over the entrance to the
bar, an iron ladder twenty feet in
length hangs over the street. It is held
to the cornice by only a thin piece of
tin. On the fifth floor, directly over
the main entrance to the hotel, a loos
ened pillar fifteen feet long leans in
securely against the wall. A sharp
gust of wind wHI send it hurtling to the
ground. Its weight would crush a
streetcar and kill every inmate.
On Ellis street, opposite the Golden
West Hotel, an immense block of
cornice swings to and fro, ready to
drop. It is suspended by a sheet of
roofing, which will not long bear the
weight and strain upon it. The Market
street walls are bulged out at the sec
ond and third stories, causing the un
supported chimneys and crumbling?
walls to lean inward at the top. Until
these dangers are removed no work
should be done In the ruins, as the
laborers would be taking their lives in
their hands.
The complete destruction of "Lucky'
Baldwin's great property cannot be
realized without a survey inside the
skeleton walls. Here the thorough
work of the destroyer Is apparent. Piles
of broken, partially burned Joists, heat
twisted iron pipes and plaster rise
in chaotic mass to 20 and 30 feet. Broken
bits of marble, crockery' and glass fill
in the interstices in the mass, leaving
only projecting timbers in sight. Hang
ing in shreds to the slivered wood and
scattered about th^ ruin are books and
charred articles of clothing, which
were left in the rooms by the pan'c
stricken guests.
The inside of the Market and EWa
street walls and the firewall which sep
arated the hotel and the annex, ar»
burned smooth. The fire was extin
guished before the street rooms on
Powell street were completely burned.
All these rooms are open at one end,
the hall partition having been burned
away, and looking in that direction one
sees an immense stago setting. Noth
ing remains of the interior of the thea
ter except a few dressing rooms which
were underneath the stage. Every ves
tige of decoration which adorned the
walls of the playhouse was obliterated.
In the center of the ruin stands a
shattered brick wall rising like a mon
ument over the entombed victims of
the fire god's wrath.
MORE MISSING
REPORTED SAFE
Five of Those Thought to Be
Lost Heard From.
Five more names were yesterday
stricken from the list of missing. Mrs.
Andrews of Salt Lake, who with her two
children was reported missing, was not a
guest at the hotel. She had called ther«
in the afternoon upon F. C, Bowman and
wife of Salt Lake, but left early In the
evening. The Bowmans escaped, but lost
everything they had.
F. C. Andrews, cashier of the Baldwin
Grotto, was found at the San Francisco
Lodging House, and he also accounts for
W. W. Benchley, another Grotto em
ploye, who was also on the list. Mr.
Andrews occupied a room on the light
shaft on the fourth floor, to which he
retired at 2 o'clock on the morning of the
fire.
"I've been missing because I've been
asleep," said Andrews. "I was wakened
by the flames shooting up the light well
and I got up, packed my things and went
down stairs, gathering up a crowd of
women on the way. I didn't stop to see
the fire, but came over here and went to
sleep, and I've been asleep ever eince.
Concerning Benchley he saya: "Benohley was working on the day shift and did !
not stop at the hotel at all, and he had
aßon to be there at that time. He
will probably turn up as soon as ho dis
that he is being sought for."
Miss Mary Hart, a domestic of the ho
■ been soon since the fire and
sister, Sadie Hart, also an employe.
Is dead among the ruins.
5 inquiry has been made for her,
but. her whereabouts has been dis
covered.
F. Weatherbee and wife of Haverhill,
Mass., who were reported missing, are
safe. They secured other apartments af
ter escaping from the tire, but could not
communicate with their friends at once.
Another of the the missing ones. S.
Bumm srfield, a bookmaker at the Oak
land track, was also erased from the list.
He escaped from tho hotel without trou
• i lost his baggage
RESCUED BY AN
UNKNOWN HERO
Ralph Harris' Miraculous Es
cape From the Deadly
Fifth Floor.
Ralph Harris would like to meet the
fireman who rescued him from the
doomed building just as be was about to
sink • in a hallway on the dead
ly fifth floor.
Mr. Harris is a wealthy wholesale milli
ner of New York, who is spending the
winter In California. He is a brothpr of
Henry Harris, the well-known book
maker. Mr. Harris occupied a room on
the fifth floor, Ellis street sido. He was
awakened by a piece of falling plaster.
Which struck him on the head, causing
.: .*-• \ ere bruise.
"My room was filled with smoke," said
Mr. Harris, "and I realized at once that
the building was on tire. 1 do not think
1 was excited, and 1 hurried into my
clothes as rapidly as possible. When I
i the door into the hallway I was
ped in smoke so dense that I could
c the width of the hall. It was im
possible to tell which way to turn to es
cape the flames, and in sheer desperation
. ed out, 'For God's sake, somebody
save me. 1
ard a voice shout In reply, 'Come
this way,' but could not tell from which
.direction it came, so I shouted back,
'W.hich way shall I turn?' and the reply j
"To the left.'
"1 started as directed, with my head
buried in my coat to keep from being suf- !
: • d, the smoke was so dense. I groped
iy, holding my coat
over my head with one hand, with the,
other extended to avoid obstacles. My
lungs smarted from the hot smoke. I :
i for breath, which only Increased
ifferings. My legs ;remhled and I i
■ d that I could not keep up much
longer.
"Just as I was about to sink to the floor,
overcome by the smoke, my outstretched
arm was grasped by somebody— l don't
know who. but I think by a fireman— l
and I was half dragged, half carried,
along to the stairway.
" 'Now you'rt all right.' said my res
nd I made my way downstairs and i
out of the building without further dlffl- '
cuity. while the man to whom I owe my
life turned back to search for other un
fortunates. 1 have not seen him since
and would not know him if we were to
ach other this minute, but I would
I him and let him know how
I appreciate his efforts in my be-
Harris lost all his effects except
tl Ing he had on. In his trunk were
i ners.
HtROIC WORK
or Joseph McCarthy;
Many Guests Owe Their
Lives to the Night
Porter.
v of the guests of the Baldwin Ho
es to Joseph V. McCarthy,
the Baldwin. McCarthy is
than a boy in years, hut he
has the pourase of a veteran and was one
r to the encroach
in, and abandon his post of duty,
r corridor, at the
cornel v I and Ellis streets, when
v a glare in one of the transoms.
an I ■• ked into the court and
v volume of smoke and lire
ip fr<~m below.
. • ran to the service room and
i in an alarm of fire to the office,
■ ng the first Information that Night
Clerk Scott hart that thf> building was on
fire. Then he rang for Night Watchman
y, who promptly answered the call,
while Buckley went to the fifth floor
ami aroused th-> guests there. McCarthy
performed similar good work on the
fourth floor. He ran to all the rooms,
providing himself with a tire
hatchet, which he used to batter in the
McCarthy says he distinctly re
in- mbers pounding on Leithead's door and
the vi purser answered him. The
porter thinks that Leithead became con
: and turned into the bathroom ln-
Btead of passing into the hall and was
struck by fallin r or glass.
After making the rounds of the fourth
floor McCarthy went down to the third
floor i 1 the guests there. He
then Btai tor the office. Flopping at
102, on the second floor, to assist
Mr?. Jones and Mrs. Black to escape, for
which service the ladies have since re
warded him with a snug sum of money
an-i a handsome gold locket.
Night Clerk Scott instructed McCarthy
• the elevators, while the
night elevator boy, Yelps, operated the
elevator usually being run
after midnight.
McCarthy made several trips, lowering
a !;irgt- number of guests to the ground
':• fore the electric current was shut
i th- elevator stopped. His cage- had
n cbed the ground floor wh"n this
ty occurred, while Yelps' cage was
fourth floor. Had either of them
been caught between floors there would
no possible escape for the oc-
After the elevators stopped McCarthy
went to the ci(Bc» and gathered up all the
r's and other books except the reg-
Ister. He was about to take that also, but
was told by the night clerk that it was of
and not to bother with it.
ither books across to
;h<- Emporium and left them in charge of
th<-> night watchman there. McCarthy and
w»-r<- about the last to leave the
I building.
GUNST PLAYED TO
HIS LUCKY HUNCH
Baldwin Fire Suspended a
$122,500 Real Estate
Deal.
I'Micfi Commissioner Mose Cunst play
ed a "hunch" the night before the fire
that suspended, temporarily at least, the
?;t:ir«--Pt real estate <loal that has been ne
■ i (! on the street for months.
thp la.«t month Attorney Ach, for j
Mr. Gunst, has !>»£:; conducting negotia
tions w' <l - Vn.cs. Jeremiah Clarke of 2119
Oa.i'.'.-.-rnia street fur the purchase of
the Towell-strcet block occupied by the
Orei n brothers, proprietors of the Colum
b a cafe. The building was directly oppo
site the Powell-street entrance, to the
Baldwin, and as an Income producing
tment Mr. <;unst considered It well
worth the $122,500 asked for it. The trans
action had progressed ta the extent that
Mr. Gunst had agreed to take the proper
ty by 10 o'clock on Wednesday morning,
and on Tuesday night Attorney Ach was
on hand and ready to turn over to Mrs i
Clarke a check for her property But i
Gunst played In Jus customary luck and
told Ach not i" hurry, but to play the
limit and wait till morning.
"■A Wl i t thins* may happen in
a dozen hours, said Gunst, and develop
ments of the ensuing night demonstrated
.that a "hunch" often has \-alu<*. outsid<- a
game. The big hotel burnr-d. and
values on surrounding real estate suf
fered a slump it will lake several months
over from. Gunst took advantage
of the time limit, and Mrs. Clarke still
owns the property.
"1 had been negotiating for that prop
erty for a month," said Mr. Gunst, "and
consider it a splendid piece of real es
tate. Of course, as soon as the hotel
burned I let the deal go, for until a new
building goes up values will be reduced,
and I felt that 1 could put the amount ot
money that 1 had figured with to better
profit for the present. The property is a
good one right now. and 1 may yet decide
to take. it. I certainly should if any one
would guarantee to me that there would
be another hotel on the Powell-street cor
ner within the next two years. That see
lion will be the heart of the city for years
to come, and though the destruction of
the Baldwin will distribute the large
trade that centered in that district pretty
much all over town, particularly along
Kearny street, it will return there as
soon as a new hotel goes up. I know that
section, and have faith in it. People told
me I was crazy when I established the
Baldwin cigar store where I did, but it
soon got to be the most popular retail
place I was connected with. This deal is
not off exactly, but I am going to await
developments."
THE LUCKY ESCAPE
OF W. A. BALLARD
Saved a Woman Who Was
About to Jump From
the Fourth Story.
Among those who are thanking their
stars that they are alive is W. A. Bal
!ard, mining engineer representing Mines
and Mining of Scranton and Denver. He
came here to attend the Miners' conven
tion in the interest of his magazine. His
escape from the burning building was at
tended by an act of heroism that passed
unnoticed in the excitement of the occa
sion. Ballard moved from the Palace Ho
i tel to the Baldwin Tuesday forenoon
taking his vnlisc and leaving his trunks
at the Palace. Mr. Ballard retired early
and had been asleep several hours when
he was aroused by the cry of "fire" in the
hallway. His room was in the fourth sto
ry on the Powell street side. Stepping to
the door he saw there was no time to be
lost in getting out.
"I also saw there Was nn use in trying
to escape through the halls, which were
filled with smoke," said Mr. Ballard. "I
hastily dressed and threw my effects into
my grip and went out upon the ledge in
front of my window, knowing that In
time the firemen would come around and
I get a ladder up on that side. On my left
the smoke was rolling up between the
windows and It was so dorse that 1 could
see but little in that direction. Several
i times I look into my room and after a
1 while saw the fire was beginning to con
, sume the woodwork around the transom
and doors, and it was getting very hot
whore I was standing.
"On my right the air was comparative
ly clear." and I worked my way around
for a short distance, but could see no i
means of escape. There Beemed nothing i
for me to do but to stay where I was un
til help fame, and a.s there was less lire
in my room than in the others I had ;
passed I wont back again."
Mr. Ballard said it seemed to him that
he was destined to be burned alive, and
he was thinking of his folks in the East
very earnestly. Suddenly there was a
scream on his left, and. turning quickly, I
w a woman, scantily attirod, pre
paring to leap to the sidewalk. The
smoke that had boon rolling up from the
floor below lifted for an instant, and Mr.
Ballard shouted to her not to jump. He
moved along a little further to the left.
and to his great relief discovered the iron
Ore escape, which he had not seen before, j
The mining man worked his way around
to the same ledge on which the woman
was standing. Encouraging and com- I
manding by turn, Mr. Ballard got her to j
the fire escape*, and together they slow- !
ly made their way to the ground.
A bystander wrapped his coat round the
woman, and she was quickly hurried to
a place of safety, and that was the. last,
Mr. Ballard saw of her.
"I looked up to the window of my
room." said hp, "and seeing the flames
coming out in a mass I concluded that I
did not want my valise bad enough to
go hack for it. I would Ijkt.- to see the lady j
again, but. to toll you the truth, I cannot
gfvt. the least description of her, wheth
er she is old or young, fair or homely.
One thing I do remember is that she had
blonde hair, which kept blowing into my .
face and eyes when I was assisting her
down the lauder. it whs no pasy task,
for she was inclined to faint every few
seconds, and once or twice she let go
her hold on the tire escape, and I had to
speak very sharply to her to make her I
keep her senses.'
Mr. Ballard is congratulating himsolf
on having [eft his trunk, which contained
considerable valuable material, at the!
Palace Hotel.
» ♦ »
BRAVE FIREMEN
TO BE REWARDED
Charity Bazaar Will Give
Them a Big Benefit.
The management of the Charity Bazaar
and California Grand Musical Contest, :
which is to be held at the Mechanics' Pa- i
vilion during the month of December for
the benefit of the poor of the city, has de- |
cided to devote the proceeds of the first
night of the festival to the firemen, as a !
reward for their noble work in fighting
the Baldwin fire and preventing the con- !
flagration from spreading to adjoining !
buildings.
The letter which was sent to Chief Sul
livan notifying him of this intention is as
follows:
Mr. D. T. Sullivan. Chief Fire Department.
410 Bush street, city— Dear Sir: The manage
ment of the Charity Bazaar have (Voided to
have the opening day of thin bazaar and musi
cal contest held specially for the benefit of the
brave firemen of San Francisco, who have by
their admirable conduct, heroic work and strict
obedience to their Intelligent chief saved many |
lives and prevented a great conflagration In I
this city.
In accordance. if you will accept our offer 1
i we wish you would designate ten of your Ore- :
men to be at the ticket ofn>e the evening of '
I Thursday. December 1. to receive directly the I
proceeds of the sale for admission
Independently of the gate receipts a register
will be opened Inside the pavilion to receive
the signatures of visitors. That book will be
remitted to you as an expression of the popu- I
lar thanks for the meritorious service ren- i
dered by the Fire Department
Your immediate answer will oblige. Tours i
very respectfully.
CAPTAIN .T. CH. DE ST. HUBERT.
The following reply was sent to the
headquarters of the bazaar:
x Captain J. ' h - de St. Hubert-Dear Sir-
In behalf of our department I accept your :
most generous • offer. Will not send a
delegation of firemen, but will leave the
entire matter in your hands. Yours to
command, D. T. SULLIVAN
Chief S. F. F. b.
FOUND MAYER'S
MISSING TRUNK
!t Had Been Left Unopened
in a Saloon.
Detective Cody yesterday afternoon
found the trunk which belonged to Louis
Mayer, who died of heart disease soon
after he had escaped from the burning
structure.
After his body had been taken to the
Morgue his friends noticed the valuable
diamonds which he had worn were miss
ing. It was also discovered that his trunk
was missing, as well as a wallet contain
ing considerable money.
Detective Cody was detailed on the c.tsp
but It was not until yesterday that he
succeeded in locating the trunk. It was
found in a sadoon ai 101 Powell street
where It had been taken by two strangers
for whom the police arc searching. The
contents, which consisted of some cloth
ing, had not been disturbed. The detec
tive also recovered the valuable papers
which belonged to the deceased and
■which were supposed to nave been stotlen.
They were found in a lodging-house over
the saloon where the trunk had been
Despite the efforts of the police no trace
of the missing diamonds has thus far
been found.
The police are satisfied that Mayer's
body was robbed after he had fallen, but
as to the Identity of the thief or thieves
they are helplessly in the dark.
BAGGAGE THAT
ESCAPED THE HRE
Police Property Clerk Moran has In his
possession the following articles saved
from the Baldwin Hotel tire: Satchel
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAT, NOVEMBER 25, 1898.
containing some cartridges and a Colum
bian half-dollar, valise containing: a num
ber of letters addressed to George Turell,
an alligator skin valise locked and an ex
tension kodak. A trunk was identified
yesterday by George Williams of Chicago
and delivered to him.
TEACHER'S BICYLE SKIRTS.
The "tyrannical" acti -- of Cleveland's
Superintendent of Public Schools in fix
ing the lengths of the school teachers'
bicycle skirts came up the other day
before the Chicago Board of Education,
which is being heavily bombarded by
beyond-the-wall teachers, who want to
ride into town on their wheels. "Is it
I proper," asked these nineteenth cen-
I turv Dianas, "to wear a short skirt in
the schoolroom, and if so, how short?
Just where comes the line of demarca
tion?" The Minervas of the schools are
answering "No" to the first question,
but the board hesitates. In Cleveland
tl s protesting parents of pupils were
quieted fay the edict, "Teachers may
wear bicycle skirts, but they must not
wear them shorter than is proper." But
Chicago will have no dodging. Dr. An
drews says, "Bicycle skirts are to be
worn while riding a bicycle — not to a
school any more than to a dinner."
"But," protests Mrs. Caroline K. Sher
man "what difference can be made by
an inch on a woman's skirt? Why
should a working woman wear a gown
which sweeps the floor." On this the
women of the board were agreed, but
as to the precise length they were hard
ly united. Mrs. Sherman wanted it half
■ wav between the knee and ankle. This
I shocked Mrs. Young, who wanted
j them "not above the ankle." while Mrs.
O'Keeffe, who rides, fixed the line at
the knee.— Philadelphia Press.
. ♦ ■
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS,
A BACK DATE— City. The 27th of j
July, 1554, fell on Thursday.
SCHOOL, OF NAVIGATION— V. J. D.,
City. Look in the classified part of the
City Directory for schools of navigation.
MARRIAGE LJCENSE-Dick, City. A
; marriage license in California is valid
1 only in the county in which it is issued.
NOT A PREMIUM COIN— C. W. S., San j
; Jose, Cal. A 10-eent piece of 1574 is not a j
premium coin. The selling price of such is
from -."> to 40 cents.
SOUTH OF TEHACHAPI— A. S., Ala
j meda. Until all the returns are in it will
i be impossible to Rive what the majority of
■■ any candidate south of Tehachapi was.
"WHEN yd' co.M IN' HOME"— M.
The piece of poetry entitled "When Yo'
Comln 1 Home." ana referring to "Mlstah
Dewey." appeared in the San Francisco
I Call August 31, 1898, page 6.
THE WAR CLAIM— A. R., City. At
'■ the time that Adjutant General Barrett
\ left for the East to present the State's i
war claim he stated that the claim '
amounted to about $120,000. The General j
! Government allowed $83,000, and gave a I
. check for that amount.
POETS WHO DIED— O. J. W., Colfax,
' Cal. Nathaniel Hawthorne died in Ply-
I mouth, N. H., on May IS. 18M; Alfred Ten- i
! nyson died at the Alderworth House, near j
Haselmere, Surrey, England, on October
6, 1892, and Oliver Wendell Holmes died I
in Boston on October 7, 1894.
PACKAGES FOR MANILA— E. M., j
Pine Grove, Amador County, Cal. All {
I packages received by the quartermaster's
department to be sent to the soldiers at
Manila were sent by the St. Paul, except
those received after the loth inst. Such
will be held until another transport leaves .
for that place. As yet no order has been
Issued for any vessel for that point. The
packages were carried without cost to the j
sender from this city.
i MAIL FOR THE NORTH— Subscriber,
{ Newark, and A.. Oakland, Cal. Mail in- <
I tended for Alaska may be deposited in the
postoffices at any time. It will be sent
daily to Seattle and from there to \
| Juneau. From that point it will leave j
i twice a month, as near the Ist and ioth
j as possible, and will go by way of r>yea !
! and Dawson as far as Tanana, formerly I
j Weir. From there it will be sent out once j
la month, but no time can be fixed, as i
transportation will depend upon condi- i
. tions.
Only letters will be carried. Neither pa- I
pers nor periodicals will be taken during
the winter service.
If the proper postage is placed on a
letter at the point of sending It should j
reach the individual addressed without j
additional cost. For a post official to de- :
mand any fee for the delivery of a letter
| is unlawful.
GRIDIRON PALACK-S., City. At To-
I ledo, nine "leagues from Madrid, Spain, is
! the palace and monastery of the Escurial,
! called by the Spaniards "La Maravilla Oc
tavo.," or eighth wonder. Philip II vowed
i that if he were successful In defeating the
French at the battle of San Quentln he
would build the most magnificent monaa
' if-ry in the world In honor of the Paint
■ whose name should be found that day on
■ the calendar. The battle was won by
. i Philip and the building was dedicated to
! St. Lawrence. The architect designed the
I ground plan in the shape of a gridiron,
that being the instrument upon which the
. ; saint is raid to have suffered martyrdom.
■ The shape i .s that of a rectangular paral
[ lelogram, 700 feet long by 550 feet wide.
The huge and Bomber structure stands at
I an elevation of 2700 feet above the level of
the sea. It is part of the mountain out
of which it has been constructed. It is of
the Doric order, built of granite and cost
15,000,000. It contains 1860 rooms, SO stair
< ases, 4S wine cellars, 8 organs and 51
bells. It was for a time the country pal
ace of the Spanish sovereigns. Its cir
cumference is nearly one mile.
ENGAGEMENT RING — Subscriber,
Ryde, Sacramento County, Cal. If a lady
I desires to marry and is not engaged she
i should wear a ring on the Index linger of
! the left hand; if engaged, on the second
I finger of that hand. There are some who
! wear the engagement ring on the third
! finger of the left hanfl until replaced by
the wedding circle, from a belief in the
superstition that there is in that finger a
1 vein that connects directly with the ueart.
i As to what kind of a stone there should
, be in an engagement ring It is a matter of
1 tnste and often of liberality on the part of
1 the accepted lover. There are many who
i choose the month stone for the ring; that
I is, the stone symbolic of the month in
which the lady was born. January Is
! symbolized by the jacinth or hyacinth,
w ; hich means constancy and fidelity; Feb
ruary , amethyst, oeace of mind and so
briety; March, bloodstone or jasper, cour
age and success in dangerous enterprise;
April sapphire and diamond, repentance
and Innocence; May. emerald, success In
love; June, agate, long life and health;
July carnellan, cure of evils resulting
from forgotfulness; August, sardonyx or
onyx conjugal felicity; September, chry
solite preservation fr<->m folly or Its cure;
October aquamarine, opai or baryl. hope;
November, topaz, fidelity and friendship;
December, turquoise or ruby, brilliant
success There is some doubt as to .vlay
; and June and July and August, and some
i give agate to May and the emerald to
Juno, the carnelian to August and the
onyx to July.
COUNTING VOTES IN NEW YORK—
i N. N. and C. W. D., City. In New York,
! the election law says that as soon as the
i polls of an election are closed the inspec
tors of election thereat shall publicly can
vass and ascertain the votes and not ad
i imirn or postpone the canvass until it
i shall be fully completed. There an elec
! tor who so chooses may voto a straight
i party ticket by placing a cross in a cir
cle above the'party designation. Such are
called "straight ballots" and others are
called "split ballots." The "straights" are
selected and counted first and then the
"splits" are counted. Any ballots that
• come under the head of void by reason of
certain neglect on the part of the elector
; and ballots that are protested are marked
' "void" or "protested" and are indorsed
Iby the officials. They are then placed in
an envelope, which is sealed and indorsed,
i These with the sworn statement of the
I result' of the election, are sent to an offi
cer designated to receive them and are
! preserved intact for a priod of six months
and cannot be opened except by an order
of court All the ballots except the void
and protested ballots arc, after the proc
lamation of the result in the precinct,
placed in a box together with a statement
1 as to the number of ballots so placed in
I the box, and the box Is then locked.
! sealed and returned to the officer or board
furnishing the boxes. These must remain
'nviolate for six months unless opened by
order of court. As soon as the count is
finished in the city of New York the re
sult is handed to a policeman, who must
at once transmit It to the officer in charge
of the district in which the precinct is
located, and that officer must, without de
lay, transmit the result to police heod-
I Quarters. '
THE WRECKERS IN THE
RUINS OF THE BANK
Remarkable Letters Written by Frank McDonald After the
Pacific Bank Went Down to Destruction and
Disgraceful Bankruptcy.
Sherman Sought to Protect Dishonestly His Valuable Interests in the
Pacific as He Did in the People's Home— Agents and Allies
of the Arch-Conspirators in Command.
Among the remarkable documents o-f
the Pacific Bank there are few that are
of more general interest than one which
was written by Frank V. McDonald
after the Pacific Bank had failed and
the bank wreckers jvere fighting like
vultures over the body of the wrecked
institution. The great struggle for pos
session had begun and the various fac
tions were using every possible influ
ence they could command. It mattered
no-thing what the character of this in
fluence was, honest or dishonest. If
courts or commissions could be bribed
the conspirators were ready to resort
to bribery. Great Interests were at
stake in the decision and it was natural
that the wreckers should fight stub
bornly and bitterly for co-ntrol. When
Frank McDonald wrote the remarkable,
letter that will follow- he and the other
members of his family had been thrown
out of the bank.
Moses H. Sherman, the arch-con
spirator of them all. was determined
that he would wind up the final affairs,
not only of the Pacific Bank, but of the
People's Home Savings Bank. He was
not satisfied with having practically
ruined both institutions through his
wild schemes, but he was determined to
secure whatever valuable property he
had pledged for the funds of the banks.
He had in both institutions pledged
some valuable property in Phoenix and
he wanted this property hack. He
wanted to clean up his gigantic con
spiracy and manipulated to control the
final liquidation of the banks. His.
cousin, John E. Farnum, had been put
Into the institution and other friends
were in authority. Frank V. McDonlad
discussed this situation most bitterly.
He wrote a remarkable letter In which
he handled his enemies, and particu
larly Sherman, without mercy. The let
ter is also a most unusual one from a
literary point of view and is as follows:
"Justice or law, which is it? The Pa
cific Bank an interesting study. Its
old officers and attaches gone. The
only responsible parties dispossessed.
Mephisto Harumscarum Sherman, the
Arizona freebooter, and his minions in
charge. At the vice president's desk
sits A. F. Johns.
"The cashier's desk is represented by
Baggett, worthily typifying his name,
and like a lean and hungry Casslus
plotting and conspiring for an opening
for profit; but sadly different from his
Roman prototype in remaining faithful
to no cause, his only end being to see
where he can catch on. To-day repre
senting the lone, erratic, insignificant
shareholder Cogswell, the next day pro
teanlike appearing for Director Sher
man, whom the day before he attacked
as a scoundrel, and lastly pretending
to represent our vacilating Attorney
General, whose position he had previ
ously most violently assailed. Ah!
Baggetl, thy name— well, certainly not
Constancy, but of course he is learned
In the law, and some say still more
learned in bookkeeping accounts, but
all admit he is famous for bulldozing
the courts, and is beloved of Sherman,
the fair and the good.
"Whom have we next? Why, surely
J. E. Farnum, the immaculate, who
suspiciously floats about from pillar to
post, but whose motives, of course, and j
deeds are always above suspicion. It j
does seem strange how such a virtuous
man could be chosen as a midwife and
wetnurse of this crazy Sherman's plots
and plans, but then they are cousins,
and Sherman has been a good friend
to Farnum in financial stresses, and
Farnum in turn has not forgot to back
Sherman's schemes for raising money,
however objectionable they may have
been, and the operations of these
Siamese twins in financial matters have
been the principal cause of the mis
fortune to the Pacific Bank.
"But how did the honest John Far
num acquire such power? Why he is
the son-in-law of Bank Commisisoner
Knight, the venerable patriarch who is
now ruling the destinies of the Pacific,
and who, like a blind Oedipus in despair,
with nothing but Antigone Farnum and
Ismene Baggett, two frail and slender
beauties, to console and guard him, is j
now trying to grope his way out of the
follies of his own creation; and any
one can readily see that suggestions
from Sherman to Farnum and from
Farnum to those whom he wished to
coerce, backed up by intimations of
what good Papa Knight could do and
might do and would do, generally suc
ceeded in accomplishing the desired re
sult.
"And who Is the moon-faced, smooth
tongued willieboy that scatters his
promises broadcast like the golden
leaves of autumn and that smiles and
blinks and frowns and lords it over
all? Why, it is the general, chosen for
his spotless record and striking fitness j
by the Commissioners, to act as re- j
ceiver in defiance of the bank act and*
the rights of the stockholders and de
positors; but a $150,000 in receiver's
fees and years of expensive litigation
and all the other rich perquisites do
not grow on every bush and are not to
be lightly cast aside, not even by as
affluent a man as the virtuous Gen
eral Willey.^They are worthy of a con
test and should be captured at any
cost, the law or no law, while as for
justice, she is so far back as to be
nothing more than a tradition. And
are these all the worthy representatives
of the law that are striving so zeal
ously to feather their nest and keep the
officers of the bank from arranging
with their creditors for full payment,
and open the bank and going on with
the business? Oh, my, no; but these
] are a few of the worthy clique, and in
I due time the beautiful, consistent arts
iof the Commissioners and Attorney
j General and others will be duly en
! larged upon.
! "But in this noble band o; conspirators
j let us not lose sig-ht of M. H. --.erman,
the general, the grand and noble rep
resentative from the wilds of Arizona,
! the man who, through his dishonest
j ma.nipulatio.i of schemes, has prac
| tieally wrecked the Pacific, and who,
! although until the other day a director
of the Pacific Bank, now brings suit
against his fellow directors, indicting
| them for allowing him to wreck it and
j further insists tt at they are vile and
he and his beloved band are the only
true and good men who should be in
trusted with 11 V ~ duty of winding up
this institution. Unless the present
board redeems its character by assent
ing to the monstrously dishonorable
proposition of paying him $15,000 in
money and his attorney, Bagsrett, $5000
! and surrendering him guarantees and
j obligations that he through his counsel,
j Raggett, proposed, than which few
propositions of a more disgracefu. char
acter could be imagined.
"Yet this good Sherman of whom
we shall have much more to
say hereafter struts about in
'■ glory and joins the beauty of
| legal triumph. He pretends to own the
i power to do almost anything, to influ
■ ence courts, especially the higher, to
| swing the whole power of the Southern
! Pacific system through his kind father
i in-law, whom by the way he worries
to death; and he distributes passes ga
lore over that system and provides
| positions thereon and on the Los Ange
les Electric Road to every one he
wishes to use and spends prodigally
' other people's money for purposes of
his own and practically plays Prince
Bountiful, asserting that anybody and
1 anything can be bought; and this is the
| man to whom the court has so wisely
| turned over the Pacific Bank, and pray,
[ fur what? To be ruined unless he and
i his friends are further allowed to help
■ themselves to whatever they may find
j that pleases them and with his usual
diffidence about helping himself — of
course, there will be plenty left for the
others when he gets through. But
enough said for to-day."
One of the most vitally important let
ters that was ever written in connec
tion with the history of the Pacific
Hunk was penned by Frank V. McDon
ald shortly after the foregoing epistle
was written. In his second letter
Frank McDonald goes more minutely
into a discussion of Sherman's great
plot to control the affairs of the Pacific
Bank, even after it had failed. Sher
man had placed his cousin J. E. Far
num into this hank as receiver. Far
num had forced the McDonalds to take
from Sherman 166 bonds of the Valley
Street Railroad Company of Phoenix.
! The cost of this road at the very out
f side estimate was not more than $35,000,
but Sherman had foisted upon the Pa
cific Bank sixty-six bonds of the de
nomination of $1000 each. This transac
tion in itself, even {f the Pacific Bank
took absolute control of the railroad,
would represent to the bank a dead loss
! of $25,000, but Sherman was not satis
j fled even with this ill-gotten gain.
He made an additional $100,000 bond
Issue and John E. Farnum forced the
| Pacific Bank to accept the bonds. Sher
man had given with each bond his own
personal guarantee, and after the Pa
j cific Bank failed he determined to get
out of the possession of the bank this
guarantee and several other obliga
tions. To do this. John E. Farnum was
I placed in the institution. These trans
i actions In the later history of the
banks are of the utmost importance and
constitute one of the most startling ex
poses in the whole secret history of the
j defunct concerns. In the following letter
| Frank McDonald exploits thoroughly
| the efforts of Sherman and his con
federates to cheat the Pacific Bank out
of documents that would now be worth
| $166,000 if they were in existence:
"In addition to the legal phases of
| this question we call attention to the
fact that the practical working of the
same would be very difficult. The
Bank Commissioners have to super
vise banks all over the State, are only
a short time in any one place and could
not give much attention to the actual
management of liquidation, therefore
they must necessarily choose deputies,
and in the choice of those deputies
there is a large chance for grave mis
takes, furthermore there *is no direct
responsibility in this case.
"The Bank Commissioners are under
no special bond for the management of
this bank, their deputy under no bond
| whatever, and they have no direct per-
I sonal interest In the matter nor has
the deputy, and as a further proof of the
I likelihood of irregularity in this case
jwe cite the fact that the present
choices that have been made are all
unfortunate. First, the temporary re
ceiver, H. I. Willey, that they chose was
I a man whose record was anything but
I such as to qualify him for the position
j and whose business ability and experi
ence were not of a kind for the hand
j ling of this class of business.
"The present man, John E. Farnum,
| is absolutely disqualified, for the rea
'■ son that he is almost entirely under the
control of a certain M. H. Sherman, in
whose behalf he is willing at almost
any time to do anything, especially in
the way of securing money or of re
leasing Sherman from obligation. It
was this same Farnum that forced
upon the Pacific Bank one hundred and
sixty-six bonds of $1000 each against
the protests of the cashier and presi
dent of the bank, and it is the same
Farnum that is now working to re
lease M. H. Sherman from the guar
antee on these bonds and otherwise to
get out his obligations and papers
from this bank, and only recently said
M. H. Sherman has tried in a dishon
orable way to get the release of this
$166,000 and to get the officers of the
institution to stipulate that he should
be released from his guarantee and be
paid $15,000 in cash and be allowed
$5000 for his attorney, Baggett, and
have sundry other papers turned over
to him, in return for which he would
draw out from this fight and stop op
posing us and permit that the bank be
liquidated under the directors and Bank
Commissioners as it should be, he
(Sherman) being practically the person
who is making the most trouble and
opposition.
"And It is a matter well known to any
one who has given the subject any at
tention that Farnum and Sherman are
working together in all matters, and
that this same Sherman was until re
cently a director in the Pacific Bank
and has now turned around and is at
tacking his fellow-directors, hoping
that he may be thereby released from
his obligations and may otherwise
profit from the liquidation of the banks.
"It must, therefore, be very clear
that said Farnum Is entirely an im
proper person for the responsible posi
tion that he Is now filling. Again, the
Attorney Baggett first appeared in con
nection with the Pacific Bank as attor
ney for Dr. Cogswell, a shareholder of
ten shares, and on those occasions he
attacked the Attorney General and his
position, the bank directors and their
position, of which M. H. Sherman was
one. Soon after we find Baggett ap
pearing as attorney for Sherman and
then assisting the Attorney General and
now he is supposed to represent the
Bank Commissioners, and, in other
words, he is simply a turncoat shifting
around to see where there is most for
Baggett.
"We also find that they have chosen
in their employ a Mrs. Graham as
stenographer, who is the daughter of
a Mrs. Crocker, who is associated with
Edminster & Co. of New York City,
which firm is now bringing a fraudu
lent suit against the Pacific Bank and
trying to rob it of over $20,000 of its as
sets, and we know that between the
daughter ani mother the most intimate
relationships exist, and that the mother
and daughter have been working
against the directors and in favor of
said Farnum and Sherman, and we
therefore say that she is not a proper
person for this position.
"Now, again, we understand that H.
I. Willey. as receiver, by authority of
the Bank Commissioners, did make a
demand on the First National Bank of
this city for certain bills receivable
that were turned over to its president
for collection, to be paid on account of
the Indebtedness of the Pacific Bank
as per agreement with said Pacific
Bank to the said National Bank of
Commerce of New York. These notes
have always been held In the Pacific
Bank as the separate property of the
said National Bank of Commerce and
were ordered by said National Bank of
Commerce, were delivered to the presi
dent of the First National Bank of this
city, and we understand that said H. I.
Wiley has notified the makers of these
notes not to pay the same to the First
National Bank of this city. This is
a monstrous mistake of judgment, for
the National Bank of Commerce of
New York holds other large and valu
able securities on the same indebted
ness, and if it elected, could sell those
securities in open market and slaughter
the same, there being at present no
sale and no market for these securities,
and thereby the Bank of Commerce
could come back against the Pacific
Bank for a deficiency judgment which
would involve a loss to the Pacific Bank
of at least $100,000.
And the only reason the Bank of
Commerce has not made such sales
heretofore has been for the kindly feel
ing toward the Pacific Bank and the
hope that it might be able to arrange
with Its creditors and reopen its doors.
Therefore, this act of Receiver Willey
and the Bank Commissioners is enough
to disqualify them from thus adminis
tering upon the affairs of the Pacific
Bank, irrespective of others that might
be cited, and it should not be forgotten
that said Farnum and Willey, Mrs. Gra
ham and Bank Commissioner Knight,
who is the father-in-law of Farnum,
are practically under the control of M.
H. Sherman, and this Sherman is the
one who has wrecked the Pacific Bank.
Therefore, we submit that for the Pa
cific Bank to be wound up under these
persons would be a great injustice to
the creditors and the stockholders."
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
Sunset, Empire, Falrmount, America,
Washington and Social Councils have
agreed to act upon the suggestions made
by the grand officers at the union meeting
recently held, with a view to extend the
order. It is expected that there will be
a noticeable increase next month.
Fail mount Council has moved Into Mis
sion Masonic Temple. Last week the
council was visited by the grand recorder
b. C. Wallis, and he delivered an address.
One cand'Oate was elected.
Last week Washington Council received
three applications and Initiated two, the
work beink performed by W. F. Gibson
1\ S. T.; S. C. Wallls. G. R.; Mrs. C. J.
Sweeney, G. P.; Mrs. F. A. Morais and
Mrs. 1- ! unen.
Social Council gave an Interesting eu
chre party on Thursday, the 17th inst.
Covenant. Council of Georgetown will
Initiate two candidates at Its next meet-
Ing.
ANGLO-AMERICAN
LOVE FEAST HELD
Thanksgiving Banquet
in London.
UNDER TWO NATIONS' FLAGS
PRETTY SPEECHES MADE BY
THE ENGLISH GUESTS.
Sir Edwin Arnold and the Earl of
Harlsbury Tell How Uncle Sam.
and John Bull Could Defy
the World.
Special Dispatrh to The Call.
LONDON, Nov. 24 —The Thanksgiv
ing banquet of the American Society in
London which waa held at the Hotel
Cecil this evening, was fur a glorifica
tion of Anglo-American friendship.
Three hundred Americans and their
English guests sat at a table under the
entwined flags of the two nations. Two
notable speeches were made, one by
Mr. Henry White, American Charge
d'Affaires, and the other by Sir Edwin
Arnold, who was supposed to be nearly
at the point of death from paralysis,
' but who dragered himself to the banquet
j hall aaginst the orders of his physicians,
leaning on the arm of his Japanese
wife, and supported by a cane.
J. L. Taylor, president of the society,
proposed toasts to her Majesty, the
Queen, and to President McKinley, and
Mr. F. C. Van Dusen, the secretary,
read President McKinley's Thanksgiv
ing proclamation. W. M. Osborne, the
American consul General, in proposing
the health of the Charge d'Affaires, paid
a high tribute to Mr. White's long serv
ices.
Mr. White, responding to the toast,
"Thanksgiving day," evoked enthu
j siastic cheers by reference to Colonel
| Hay, formerly American Embassador
and now United States Secretary of
State, whose eloquence, he said, had
! been the chief attraction of the gath
j erings of the society. Speaking of the
j "first foreign war in fifty years which
' Americans had been compelled to wage
in the interests of humanity and civil
ization," the- Charge d'Aftairs ongrat
j ulated the nation that, as in a previous
contest, it had been guided by a Presi
dent possessed of the wisdom and cour
age to surmount the difficulties of the
crisis. The war had proved "that the
fire of patriotism burned as brightly in
the hearts of our citizens as it ever did,
! and that sectional differences have dis
appeared. We have emerged from the
conflict a united people among the na
tions of the earth, ready to assume the
responsibilities unexpectedly thrust
I upon us."
The speaker referred to the change
which had come over the feelinfes of
the two nations with respect to each
other, "as based upon n<> alliance at
present, nor, I hope, to come, but upon
unity of feeling." It would be diffi
cult, he said, to foretell the conse
quences should the two countries ever
decide upon joining action in any part
!of the world. It would be a combina
j tion difficult to defeat and tending to
I the advancement of the human race.
The Earl of Halsbury, the Lord Chan
cellor, extolled Anglo-American friend
ship, which, he .^aid was netc t "vain tin
sel, but what the race believed was a
duty to be done.' These two nations,
he declared, had destroyed the ideas
that it was right for one man to make
another his property. The American
people, at the risk of tearing asunder
the great empire they had founded, had
determined that every man under the
stars and stripes should be free. The
two nations together might defy the
world. Their alliance might be an Idea
and a dream, but it was a noble idea
and a splendid dream.
Sir Edwin Arnold concluded the
speech-making with an address, the
manner of which was so eloquent that
it could not be reproduced. No man,
he said, could visit America and not
express the gratitude, attachment and
hopes that filled his heart. He conclud
ed:
"Tour guests salute you. Only on©
■who has known Holmes, Emerson,
Longfellow and Whitman can tell how
secretly and shyly Englishmen love
America."
A Restless Corpse.
An unknown man, who took rooms at
£12 Kearny street two days a^o. suffered
a cataleptic fit at midnight last night.
and was removed to the Harbor Hos
pital where he was pronounced dead and
the Morgue notified. The Morgue offi
cials declined to take the case, and tho
body remains at the hospital. At 2
o'clock In the morning the rather start
ling discovery was made that the sup
posed corpse was still warm, ar.d the doc
tors are puzzling over a proper verdict.
DO YOU FEEL MORE TIRED IX THE
morning than on going to bed? Do
vou have melancholy spells, poor mem-
orv shv despondent, want to be let alone,
irritable" If you do feel so you suffer
from Nervous Debility. If you are treat-
til now you can be cured. If you wait
vou may'wait a little too long. Many who
wait become nervous wrecks. Don't you
wait. The sure, speedy cure Is tho
GREAT
"HUDYAN"
HUDYAN CURES
LOST VITALITY,
FAILING POWERS,
NERVOUS DEBILITY,
HORRIBLE DREAMS,
CONSTIPATION,
LOSS OF POWER.
LOSS OF CAPACITY,
LACK OF ENERGY.
Call or write for
CIRCULARS and TESTIMONIALS.
BLPOD POISON First, secondary, ter-
BLOOD POISON tiary formrf of blood
BLOOD POISON disorders are mani-
BLOOD POISON fested by copper color-
BLO^D PO « V ON ored spots, itching-
BLOOD POI. C ON skin. Irritated, dry,
B O«^DP0!i"O> parched throat, ulcers
RLOOO POISON In the mouth, railing
BLOv-D POISON hair. Act prompt.
BLOOD PO SON Oet cured. Th. 39-
BLOOD PO SON day cure is what you
BL-OD POISON need. Call or writo
BLOOD POISON for
30-DAY CURE CIRCULARS.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta.
56
FRIDAY .NOVEMBER 35, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. & F.
Telephone Main 18t8.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE fiAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding town*
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
6b cents. _______
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE »08 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (». C.) OFFICE RUfts Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C.GEORGE KROGNEBS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.. 367 Hayes street, open until
9_30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkjn street, open until 9:30 o'clock..
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock.- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, apen
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty -MC«n« «m
k>ntucfcy streets, open until 9 o'clock. I
AMUSEMENT*
• California— "Northern Lights."
Columbia— "At Gay Coney Island."
Alcazar— "lmagination."
Tivoli— Zuzette.
M r i i's "In Sight of St. Paul's."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Corned y— "Cyrano de Bergerac."
The Chutes Gorilla Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympia — Corner Mason and Ed' i Streets. Specialties.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo.
Ingleside Coursing Park— Coursing Saturday and Sunday.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming.
Inpleside Track— Races To-day.
Rosenthal — Coming In December. .__^_^___— — _
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank Butterfleld— This day. at 11 o'clock. Furniture, i
corner California ami Powell streets.
NOT c VITAL ISSUE.
WHILE -it is true that Stanford lust the football
game, it is not true that the occasion is one for
mourning. The defeated might as well be
isophical. In former years Berkeley has been
the one to suffer defeat, and Berkeley has borne it like
i collective man. with never a whimper. It was a
good contest, well fought on both sides, and neither
set of player? emerged from it with any shadow of
discredit. There is no occasion for tears. The player
from Stanford, standing amid the dust and blood
of the arena, the brine rolling adown his begrimed
countenance, and falling to the ground with what Bill
Nye would have called a loud report, was unduly ex
cited. There was no vital issue at stake.
Stanford had no claim on an unbroken series of
victories. The personnel of the clubs shifts so from
year to year that no assurance is left that a team
bearing the same name as that of the season before
has a cinch on the bigger score. While there is a
natural pride in the success of an eleven representative
of one institution, the rooters of the vanquished in
stitution have the satisfaction of memory or the balm
of hope.
Both Stanford and Berkeley are big universities.
The team oi each has a proper pride, and yet they
can enter the yearly contest certain that while both
cannot win. both can put up a good struggle. If the
result were always in favor of a particular side inter
est would wane. People in general are rather glad
that Berkeley carried oft the honors this time. In the
face of defeat its players had not lost heart. It wai
their turn.
ThjE STANDING fIRMY PROBLEM.
THE great problem which in the near future is
going to confront the advocates of '"imperialism,"
and its necessary consequence of a large stand
ing army, will be the difficulty of securing for enlist
ment a sufficient number of able-bodied Americans to
make a respectable force. Last spring Congress
authorized an increase in the regular army to 61.000
men, but up to the present time the total number se
cured has not come within 10,000 of that limit.
Plenty of men have offered themselves as volun
teers, but few seem to desire to serve in the regular
army aside from a limited class who can find nothing
more profitable to do. The pay and allowance of a
regular soldier exceeds that of a volunteer by several
dollars a month, and yet General Greely is quoted as
saying that enlistments are rapidly falling off, and
that unless something is done to encourage soldiering
the regular army will never reach 61,000 men.
The suggestion that Congress will either have to
increase the pay of privates or lower the physical,
mental and moral standard demanded of the men has
been thrown out by no less an authority than Sena
tor Hoar, who thinks that if the policy of "imperial
ism" is finally adopted the regular army will have to
be increased to 150,000.
The fact seems to be that first-class Americans will
not enlist for any other purpose than to fight. They
want adventure, glory and distinction, and they do
not wish to be sent to foreign countries to do gar
rison duty. This is shown by the fact that applica
tions for discharge among the volunteers are numer
ous, one day recently having produced action by the
War Department on as many as ninety. The enlist
ments fell off from 6500 in July to 2800 in October,
and there are no signs that the regular forces can be
recruited any faster than they have been.
Nor \i it at all clear that raising the pay of privates
will tempt men to enter the service. The present
wnges of a volunteer are $13 a month, and about $15
for a regular. It is thought that an increase of $25
to $30 would draw into the service able-bodied men,
but this is doubtful when it is considered that being
Fent away from the country is objectionable to nearly
all men in the service, regular and volunteer alike.
But if the United States is to have colonies and a
large standing army the problem must be solved in
some way.
One mysterious feature of life at the Baldwin was
that old residents of the city, who knew the dangerous
character of the structure, should have made their
homes and taken their household gods into an ac
knowledged fire-trap.
Sports" seem to be against Kelly, who was ref
eree of the Corbett- Sharkey hoax. It must be ad
mitted that Kelly is no Wyatt Earp.
Dumping the body of a babe on the garbage heap
may not be a crime within strict definition, but it is
an unseemly method of disposal.
Expert opinion as to a football game seems to have
very little effect on the result.
The lath and plaster building is going out of favor
in San Francisco.
OUR FRIEND THE PUGILIST.
IN years long passed into history the pugilist was
at lea?t an honest man. He went into the arena to
win, knowing that if fortune turned against him
the dainty beauties looking on might point their
manicured thumbs down, and thereupon be joyed by
the spectacle of seeing the victor jab him in the neck
with a debilitating, triple-headed spear. So he
fought his best. There were no jobs put up in ad
vance. There was no prearranged division of box
receipts. The gladiator was regarded as an animal.
Times have changed. The gladiator has gone. In
his place is the modern pugilist, a fake "fighting ma
chine," a man who dons thefgloves with only the
simple object of swindling the spectators. The
prize-fighter is above all else a fraud. As a mere
swindler, his place is in jail. Following his profes- %
sion according to rule, knocking out opponents,
bruising and maiming the other brute in the ring
with him, there would be nothing about him to ad
mire, nothing to encourage. He would deserve con- I
dign punishment as a loafer and a thug. But the
prize-fighter as he is, is even more despicable than
as he is supposed to be. There is about him and his
calling no element of good. He should be suppressed.
That Corbett and Sharkey entered into a deliberate
scheme of bunko there can be. no reasonable ques
tion. This ought to be their undoing. Their kind
should never again be permitted to achieve notoriety,
j for notoriety means illicit gain. It might be thought
that these toughs would be e uided by "professional
pride," but they never are. Probably the pugilist
does not live who would refuse to be conquered if
by so doing he could reap a greater harvest of dollars
than through a victory. If there are honest men
among them, they are in bad company, bad business,
and the sooner they can be expelled from it the bet
ter. The only way to expel them is to make prize
fighting a felony, and, having framed the law, en
j force it.
San Francisco's reputation has been soiled by prize
fights in open defiance of the statute as now con
stituted. Officials have given consent to the holding
of brutalizing and bogus exhibitions, the bribe of a
ticket being sufficient. Again and again has the pub
lic been swindled, and the city disgraced by these
events, presided over by the police. The Corbetts
and the Sharkeys are a set of knaves. The only ones
to profit by their nefarious trade are themselves and
a rascally lot of promoters, gamblers, touts and on
hanging vagrants. Because of the strange power this
riff-raff has obtained "sporting" affairs in the United
States have become a reproach throughout the world.
AGAINST SHAM RACING.
THE purpose of racing is to produce a speedy and
useful animal. When the racetrack becomes
nothing but an appliance of gambling, its ad
junct the poolroom, its patrons dupes of a confidence
game, the time has arrived for racing to be checked.
It becomes a menace to the community, a standing
temptation, a harvest for the gambler.
San Francisco has a climate devoid of winter cold.
There is a possibility here of conducting out
door sports while the tracks of the East are buried
in snow and the frost has penetrated the earth to the
depth of many feet. The lamentable result has been
that racing is here carried on throughout the year.
It is no longer a pastime; it becomes a business, di
rected by unscrupulous men, and depending for
patronage not upon people who can afford it, but
upon dupes. Silly speculators take their wages and
bet them on horses in the wild hope of gaining. If
they have no money of their own they often take the
money of an employer. The end is disappointment
and disgrace, ruined reputations, blighted homes.
More than one domestic tragedy which has startled
San Francisco in recent years can be traced directly
to the track. "Betting on the ponies" has been re-
sponsible for defalcation, theft, suicide and murder.
The lure held out is so captivating and continuous
that the weak cannot resist it. Players do not stop
to think tint they are going against a game in which
the professional gambler who opposes them must
always win in the end. If it were not so the profes
sional gambler would not be there to subject his
money to apparent risk. The bettor has no chance.
He is handicapped by the methods of the professional.
Races are so managed that the fairness of them is a
plausible pretense. The unsophisticated amateur
might as well throw his money into the fire and ex
pect to realize on the ashes.
The Call does not wish to be understood as oppos
ing legitimate racing. It does wish to be understood
as opposing the mock racing which goes on here
month after month, its only purpose to fleece the
public and its only conclusion the undoing and degra
dation of those foolish enough to become its victims.
A COMING ISSUE.
SOME surprise is expressed by members of the
Senate Committee which is investigating the
affairs of the Harbor Commission that under
Democratic rule the payroll of the board should have
increased over $5000 a month. It is explained that
much of the increase has been caused by the opening
of the new ferry depot, which requires the employ
ment of a large number of superintendents, janitors
and machinists; but after the compensation of all
these additional employes is subtracted from the total
there is still an increase of $2000 a month in the ex
penses bf the commission.
There is no occasion to be surprised at this con
dition of affairs. Indeed, we are surprised at the sur
prise of the Senate Committee — at its extreme ver
dancy, as it were. It is a rule in California that when
ever an administrative board or bureau or an office
to which there is patronage attached falls into the
hands of the Democrats it is immediately loaded
down with "'reformers." This is the case with the
Board of Education, the Board of Supervisors, the
Street Department and other bureaus of this city,
and it is evidently what has happened to the Harbor
Commission since it fell into the hands of the De
mocracy.
At the late election the "reform" element of the
party in State and city laid a deliberate plan to cap
ture the entire government. They nominated their
own men for all the offices — State, county and Con
gressional — and prepared to introduce into all depart
ments their idea of reform, which is simply a thorough
distribution of the spoils and the creation of as much
more spoils as the law will allow or the people will
stand.
What would have happened to the taxpayers had
this "reform" movement been successful can scarcely
be imagined. Four years under a Democratic Harbor
Commission and two years under a Democratic Board
of Education and Board of Supervisors merely gives
us an inkling of the fate which confronted them. The
cost of maintaining the schools has run up $5 per
pupil in two years, and the payroll of the Harbor
Commission has increased $2000 a month in four.
The other day State Treasurer Green apologized for
suggesting in his biennial report to the Governor that
several officials who now handle the State's money
in the various counties be abolished. He said it was
almost treason in California to hint that an office
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1898.
should be dispensed with. So it may bring down
upon The Call the maledictions of the reform De
mocracy to suggest that a large proportion of its
membership should be cut off the payrolls of State
and city and made to go to work. Yet that is just
what we think. Moreover, we believe that one of the
great issues of the future in California is certain to be,
How shall Democrats be kept off the payroll? By
law or by physical force?
A MOVEMENT has been started by the New
York Chamber of Commerce to bring about
through the action of our Government an in
ternational agreement that private property on the
sea as well as that on land shall be granted immunity
from spoliation in time of war. The promoters be
lieve the present time is propitious to the movement,
inasmuch as all the principal nations of the globe
have now so much capital invested in commerce that
it is to the interest of all to secure it from the peril of
the wars which now seem imminent. ,
The principle is one for which our Government has
contended on every occasion when there was any
hope of obtaining its acceptance by the powers of
the world. The international conference called by the
Czar for the purpose of providing for disarmament
will afford an excellent opportunity for again bring
ing the issue before the nations, for in its conse
quences the proposed protection of private property
on the sea would be almost as important as disarma
ment itself.
There is hardly a great nation on the globe that
would not derive benefits from the adoption of the
rule. Certainly it would be of more advantage to
European nations than to us. As naval armaments
stand now, any nation of Continental Europe that
went to war with Great Britain would have its com
merce driven from the sea within ten days after war
was declared. On the other hand, Great Britain,
while virtually mistress of the seas, has so much at
stake in her commerce that it would well repay her
to have it safeguarded by international agreement as
well as by her navy.
The proposal is moreover in the line of the historic
development of civilization. There was a time when
private property on land as well as on the sea was
regarded as the rightful spoil of an invading army.
A great step was made in the growing good of the
world when that old rule was changed to the present
one now respected by the troops of all civilized na
tions. The proposed step will be in the same direc
tion and hardly less beneficial.
It will be a notable accomplishment for us if our
increased influence in the world resulting from our re
cent victories shall bring about this great ameliora
tion of the evils of war. The New York movement
is, therefore, well deserving the support of the coun
try at large. Over the world hangs the shadow of
war. Crisis after crisis ■arises in which the sagacity
of statesmen and diplomatists is taxed to the utmost
to preserve peace. It is to the common interests of
all, therefore, that this additional step be taken to
protect the private property of individuals from
spoliation when nations go to brittle.
WHERE INJUSTICE IS DONE.
A RECENT incident of life in Providence,
Rhode Island, reveals in our law a defect whicu,
while hard to remedy, works such a palpable in
justice that it would be worth while to attempt to
find a remedy, difficult as the task may be.
The incident as told by the Providence Telegram is
this: A workingman who was earning $3 a day be
came angry at his wife, and in order to get revenge
on her he quit his job and committed an offense by
which he succeeded in getting himself arrested and
sentenced to prison for six months. By this process
he gets his shelter and board at the public expense
for the winter, while his wife, being deprived of her
support, will have either to starve, beg, or get her
self arrested.
It is possibly only in Rhode Island that men have
sufficient Yankee ingenuity to devise such a scheme
of revenge on their wives. In all parts of the United
States, however, the same injury falls upon many wive?
without any intention on the part of the husbands to
inflict it. Whenever a married man gets drunk, or
turns vagrant, or commits any offense which entails
imprisonment without hard labor, it is upon his wife
the punishment really falls. She is left without sup
port, and it is not easy for the wife of a convict to get
employment. Therefore, while the offending hus
band has no other hardship to undergo than that of
imprisonment, the wife has to bear the breaking up
of her home, destitution and a considerable amount
of physical and mental suffering.
It is because of these consequences resulting from
the imprisonment of the husband that so many wives
who have their husbands arrested for ill treatment go
before the courts and beg that the offender be re
leased. The average American woman is high spir
ited and would not submit to beatings or other forms
of ill treatment from a man if it were not that she is
dependent upon the wages of the man for bread.
The subject is one which has from time to time
occasioned a good deal of discussion among persons
ii.terested in prison management and the punishment
of minor criminals, but it has never been a matter of
much interest to the general public. Most people
have believed that imprisonment is after all a pretty
hard punishment, that no man would go to jail will
ingly, and therefore that the law, while somewhat un
just in its indirect effects, does not directly tend to
injustice.
The Rhode Island case, however, shows that a man
may deliberately take advantage of the law for the
purpose of injuring his wife. With this fact in view
ii is clear that some legislation should be devised to
reach such cases. The affair may prove in its results
tc be one of those incidents in which Providence per
mits the accomplishment of a glaring wrong in order
to compel the world to reform its laws.
The umbrella-maker who was sent to prison for three
years for boasting that he had been chosen by lot to
kill the Kaiser got off cheaply. Three years seems a
long sentence for a lie, but if the fellow spoke truth
imprisonment for life ought to have struck him as
mild.
We are proud of the navy, of course, but the chaps
who disabled the Buffalo and the others who deserted
the Maria Teresa seem to have got into the depart
ment by mistake.
Just while the city is a little nervous about fire the
Salvation Army might be wise to doff its flaming red
uniforms. Somebody with a hose may mistake it for
a conflagration.
While Spain is determined to "hold out to the last."
her attention is respectfully called to the fact that she
does not seem to know the last when she sees it.
What a noble triumph it would be for the Super
visors to furnish the Hall of Justice without a scandal.
Brazil has a new Cabinet, but this hardly puts her
into the class with Spain, France or Italy.
COMMERCE AND WAR.
THE SONG OF THE
FLAG SENTINEL
"L.es ames dcs trespasses sommeillent dans ses pits."
("The souls that have passed away sleep within its folds.")
Le Desastre, P. and V. Margueritte.)
I watch alone yet not alone,
The guarded and the guard;
I hear a plaintive undertone
The while I fend and ward!
A whisper steals along the woof
And siirs the silken warp,
Unheard by they who stand aloof —
As thrill of spirit harp:
"We are the souls of those who fought and passioned,
Of those who blazoned honor on the flag;
We are the souls whose pride and courage fashioned
A nation's legend out of silken rag;
The nation's love our banner safe will keep
The while within its folds we sleep,
We sleep."
I stand and dream when languid Peace
Wings flight across Earths plains.
When Commerce shears her golden fleece
Or counts her hoarded gains,
When lucre seems the nation's prize,
Dishonor's bought and sold;
'Tis then I hear a whisper rise
Athwart the chink of gold:
"We are souls who fainted in sore travail
While bringing Truth to birth, but what are these?
Men who the we/) of Honor would unravel,
Misuse its sacred threads to work their ease;
What hearts remain our fla& to guard and keep
The while within its folds we Bleep,
Wo sleep."
I stand at arms when word of war
Comes creeping on the air,
When nations catch its din afar
And list the trumpet's blare;
When pulses pale, proud hearts beat high.
Calm valor steels its nerve —
I hear a trembling, eager sigh
Float round the flag I served:
"We are th*» souls -who sought nor self nor glory,
Poured forth Earth's life to save the flag from stain,
We wrote our names upon the nation's story.
Signed in our blood, say, did we sign in vain?
Must we the vigil round our banner keep
Lest those who live be lulled to sleep?
• To sleep."
I stand at guard on battle eve
When lesser passions flee,
When wives and mothers plain and grieve,
Or plead on bended knee.
When comrades clasp in last farewell
And turn to face grim death,—
I see the flag's fair texture swell,
I hear a struggling breath:
"We are the souls that erstwhile fouerht and vanquished,
Fling loose the flag, we pant within its folds!
Soul calls to soul, the faith that sometime languished
Spreads out strong wings and warriors enfolds.
Fling loose the flag! Our battle watch we kpep
O'er those who soon with us shall sleep,
Shall .«Wp."
A. R. ROSE-SOLEY.
THANKSGIVING
OBSERVED IN
THE CHURCHES
Sacred Services by All
Denominations.
APPROPRIATE ADDRESSES
SOLEMN HIGH MASS SAID AT ST.
MARY'S CATHEDRAL.
Dr. Voorsanger's Eloquent Discourse
Before the Congregation at
the Sherith Israel Syna
gogue.
"Tears have elapsed since greater rea
sons have existed for our rejoicing."
This truism, quoted from the President's
proclamation, was uppermost in the mind
of the entire nation yesterday from the
time the annual day of Thanksgiving first
dawned until it finally passed into a
memory.
Probably in no other State in the Union
was the day more fittingly celebrated than
in California. The enthusiasm was gen
erally manifested not only In pub
lic but also in private life and in the
home. In this city, however, the cele
bration of the annual holiday was ob
' served with a combined demonstration
! seldom, if ever, equaled in the past. From
early morning until long after the last
glimmer of the electric lights at midnight
Market street was crowded continually
with people from all sections of the city
who were in pursuit of some form of
recreation or pleasure.
One of the main characteristics of the
celebration yesterday was Its observance
in nearly every place of worship through
out the city. Protestants, Jews and Cath
olics alike offered up prayers. Addresses
' were delivered from a hundred pulpits
Iby the ablest of clerics. Special pray-
I ers of thanksgiving were inserted in the
I general form of worship and were offered
up with fervor and Blncerity by thou
sands of devot* fs.
In the Catholic churches, without ex
ception, masses were solemnized in the
morning. At St. Mary's Cathedral solemn
high mass was celebrated at 9 o'clock be
fore a large congregation. The Rev.
Father Byrne of the Secular Order of
Cuthollc Priests was the celebrant of
solemn high mass at St. Ignatius Church.
Tin- members of the Gentlemen's Sodal
ity associated with the same church com
memorated the day by offering special
maun for the repose of the souls of de
iiii:.<(l associates who have gone to their
eternal reward during the past year. In
addition to these prayers special devo
tluiiH were observed.
Solemn high mass and thanksgiving was
Hunt' at 8 o'clock yesterday morning at
St. Uomlnic'a Church by a specially aug
mented choir, under the direction of Rhys
Thomas. The singers were Mrs. P. \\\
McGlftde, Miss Clara Atkins, Miss Lena
Qore, soprano*; contraltos, Mrs. Harry
Clark and Mrs. Madden; tenors, Rhys
Thomai <i i ■< l Robert Stantini; bassos, Rob
ert Lloyd and Charles Schwertfeger; ac
companist. James Hamilton Howe.
Immediately after the last gospel the
officiating priest delivered a short ad
dress appropriate to the occasion. In it
he Instanced th.> many reasons why Cath
olics should be thankful, both for the be
stowal of many blessings upon their
church and upon their country. He re
quested that in addition to the prayers
of thanksgiving a special prayer for
the repose of the souls of departed friends
and relatives be said during the remain-
Ing celebration of mass.
At the First Congregational Churcb, on
Post and Masnn streets, an interesting
service was given under the direction of
the pastor. Rev. G. C. Adams. After the
recital of the various prayers of thanks
giving an eloquent address was delivered
In honor of the occasion and In commem
oration of the clay.
At Calvary Presbyterian Church the
Rev. John Hemphlll conducted special ser
vices nnd spoke to the congregation <->n
the subject of how we should celebrate
one of the most memorable thanksgiving
days in the history of the nation. Tn the
address he emphasized the many reasons
why the people of the country should
combine religion in the general observ
ance of this day in thanking God with
the sacred offering of prayer and devo
tion in' addition to the State and public
celebration of a national holiday.
At the congregations Emanu-El nnd
Rherith Israel religious demonstration of
thanks was held and a special service
n«lded to the general form of worshln.
The ceremony commenced at 11 o'clock,
and was participated in by an immense
congregation of Jews from all sections
of the city. It was conducted by the
Rev. Drp. Voorsanger and Nieto. assisted
by Cantors Stock and Davis. An eloouent
and inspiring oration was delivered by
Dr. Voorsanger.
In the evening a religious ceremony
was held in many of the churches, partic
ularly In the Catholic.
THE SUPREME PRESIDENT.
Pioneer Council No. 1, Young Men's'
Institute, Tenders Him a Re
ception and Banquet.
Pioneer Council No. 1 of the Young
Men's Institute honored Frank J. Kierce. j
one of Its members, by a reception and j
banquet Tuesday night in the St. Germain, j
to show its appreciation of the fact that he
had been chosen for the exalted position
of supreme president, the highest in the
order, at the recent session of the Su
preme Council.
There were present the following su- I
preme officers: Dr. T. H. Morris. A. F. j
St. Sure, John Lynch and James Gal- i
lagher, and the following grand officers: !
S. Haskins, L. E. Mahan. George A.
Stanley, W. T. Aggler, T. W. Kelly, Wil- j
liam Pann and Edward Sweeney, who I
with about one hundred members of the j
council and of otner councils were seated !
around the tastefully arranged and dec
orated tables. Mayor Phelan was a
specially Invited guest, but being unable
to be present sent a letter of regret.
Joseph E. O'Donnell was toast-master, \
and after the good things placed before j
the guests had been disposed of, he in
troduced the honored guest of the even- j
ing in a neat speech in which he refered j
to the fact that twice Pioneer Council had !
had the good fortune of having selected !
from Its ranks the supreme president, the
other being John J. McDade, who was
also present. Mr. Kierce responded In an !
eloquent manner. A trio rendered vocal
selections, after which Grand President
Haskins responded to "Our Order," Past
Supreme President John J. McDade re- !
sponded to "Pioneer Council." \\ illhim j
Finne sang, Judge Frank J. Mu.-askv le- |
sponded to "Patriotism in Our Order,"
and then there were selections on the
piano by Professor Martinez. The last of
the regular toasts having been responded
to. John T. Greany and others addressed
the assemblage, and it was a late hour
before the orchestra, which during the
evening played favorite airs, rendered :
"Home, Sweet Home." The affair was in
every way a great success, and was under j
the management of E. R. MyricK, John J.
McCarthy, Jere Loney, John Hayes and
T. J. Stanton. >-- c ■■■.:■ ■
+—~
THE DRUIDS.
urand secretary uraves nan rrcwrwi
requests for three sets of books to start
that number of groves in Austin. Tex.
Last week the grand officers paid a visit
to Templar and Golden Star groves, which
met in joint session, and at the close of
the work there was a banquet at a res
taurant in the neighborhood. After the
menu there was an evening of song and
■peaches, the principal speakers being
Davis Louderback, A. B. Tread-veil, j
Charles T. Conlan and the grand officers.
Noble Grand Arch Lewis and Grand
Secretary Graves left this city on the 10th ;
inst. on a tour of visitations. They started j
for Solano v*rove at Fairneld. then went
to Sacramento. Their Journey will in- !
elude Placerville, El Dorado. Sissons and j
Oregon. On the trip they will institute a j
new grove in Sacramento. They will re
turn about the Ist of December.
In an improved process for securing
tlrfs to wheels a strip of asbestos is over- j
laid on one side with a cement of coal
tar, rosin and cotton cloth, which is cut
In strips and tacked to the felly with
the cement side In. When the heated tire '
is put on the cement soaks through the
asbestos, and when cold forms a firm j
fastening.
CHARGED ON
TURKEYS AND
MINCE PIES
Little Ones Dine With
the Sisters.
OVER SIX HUNDRED ARE FED
BELLES HAND BOUND THE
MANY GOOD THINGS.
Noted Divines and Prominent Citi
zens Distinguish Themselves
With Carving Kuifo
and Fork.
The little ones of the Sacred Heart. St.
Francis and St. Joseph day homes, in all
some Gf>o children, enjoyed the hospitality
of the Sisters of/ the Holy Family at
the convent at the corner of Hayes and
Fillmore streets yesterday afternoon. The
little guests did away with about forty
big turkeys, an equal number of chickens,
200 mince pies, 25) squash pies, besides un
told quantities of ham. longue, cranberry
sauce, mashed potatoes and the other
good things, without which no Thanks
giving dinner is considered complete.
Great, long tables wore set in the base
ment of the convent and loaded almost to
the breaking point with the dainties pro
vided for the feast. Gayly colored paper
rings, the handiwork of the little ones,
were strung along the walls and garland
ed the supporting columns and chande
liers. The children took great pride in
these bright decorations— their contribu
tion to the Joy of Thanksgiving day.
At half-past 2 tne little ones in charge
of the Sisters of the homes reached the
convent and were at once escorted to the
rooms made ready for their reception.
Singing kindergarten songs they marched
to the tables and then bowed their little
heads in Htleut reverence while Rev.
Father Prendergast. V. 0., said grace.
Once the well filled plates were hanued
around no urgent requests were needed
to Induce the guests to fall to and eat.
"Eat all you want to: all you can," was
heard on all sides, an < tne injunctions
were followed to the letter by a busy,
silent multitude. There was no gayety
at the tables; no glad voices chanting the
praise of the good things; only busy
hands, busy mouths and great shining
eyes that made the many belles who did
such excellent service as waitresses
keep a steady watcn so there should be no
empty platen, i.i one long table were the
bahie's of the home, little tots of two
years and under, sitting straight up in
their high rnair*. with snowy napkins
fastened snugly tinder their rosy, dim
pled chins. For the babies there were no
turkeys nor mince pies, but instead a
feast of tender fricassee chicken and more
digestible squash pies. At the head of
each table some well known personajre
presided anil wrestled successfully with
the well Htuffed turkey. Rev. Father
Prendergnst. V. G.. Rev. Father Wy
man. Rev. Fnther Connolly, Rev. Father
McQuaide. Rev. Father Rclehan. Rev.
Father Brown. J. Kelly. Dr. Pawlicki and
R X. Ryan nf the San Francisco and
North Pacific Rnilroad wer<-> among the
many who covered themselves wlt.i glory
for their able manipulation of the carvers.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS,
Dr. R. W. Kent of Sonora is registered
at the Palace.
Charles G. Lamberson, a prominent Vi
salian, is at the Lick.
Frank McGettigan, a prominent Vallejo
politician, is at the Russ.
Dr. C. G. Bowman and son of Mare Isl
and are at the Occidental.
W. G. Patterson, a well-known Roseburg
mining man, is at the Russ.
Arthur Hay. of Sulphur Creek mining
fame, is a guest at the Occidental
George H. Munroe. a prominent Fresno
merchant, is a guest at the Grand.
The victorious Berkeley football team
passed last night at the Occidental.
John E. Budd of Stockton, brother of
the Governor, is registered at the Lick.
J. D. Sproul, a well known Chico attor
ney, accompanied by his wife, is at the
Palace.
George Fletcher, a prominent Grass
Valley mining man, Is a late arrival at
the Palace.
J. A. Thomas and J. H. Walker. Juneau
mining men, are among the arrivals at
the Russ.
George W. Lichtenberger, a prominent
Los Angeles merchant, is at the Palace,
accompanied by his wife.
Charles F. and H. Trimingham, brothers
and well known Sunol horsemen, are re
cent arrivals at the Russ.
H. H. Brown of Tuolumne County,
James McElroy of Staten Island, well
known mining men. are at the Russ.
The Wisconsin christening party will
banquet at the Palace to-morrow evening
as the guests of the Union Iron Works.
CALIFORNIANS IH NE > r YORK.
NEW YORK. NOV. 24.-F. Schultze of
San Francisco is at the Belvedere. Mr.
and Mrs. George E. Butler of San Fran
cisco are at the Holland. Miss Nettie O.
Angus of Pasadena Is at the Windsor.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Nov. 24.— 1. E. Thayer 1
of San Francisco and T. E. Mack of Lo« J
Angeles are among t.>-<lay's arrivals.
TWO GREAT RECORDS.
"Just think what a wonderful career
the Empress Josephine had. Born on a
little island far away from civilization.
hpriime the mother of kings."
.? v^ it was quite remarkable, but I
knows case that is still more wonderful.
a" man who once clerked in a Chicago
Sore has become the father-in-law of a
Viceroy and the father of a Napoleon."— .
Chicago News.
Cal. glace fru.. 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Important. 81 Fourth st. nr. grocery.
Best eyeglasses; specs. 10 to 40c. No 81. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. . •
"Do you own your own house. Twee
dies?" ■• .. • "■;*"*"'"
"No: we've had the same cook for seven
years."— Chicago Record.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing 1 Syrup"
Has been used over nrty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy fop
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr«.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
■■ » »
HOTEL - DEL, CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
■1 New Montgomery street. San Francisco. :
» m ■
MOKI TEA POSITIVELY CURES gICK
headache, indigestion and constipation. A de
lightful herb drink. Removes all eruptions of
the skin, producing a perfect complexion or
money refunded. At No Percentage Pharmacy.WAS WILLING
TO MURDER
FOR FIVE CENTS
Half Killed an Old Man
80 Years of Age.
CAPTAIN HANSEN'S LUCK
PART OWNER IN A MINE ON
CHUCK RIVER. ALASKA.
Hard Luck ot Captain Gibbons of the
Ship Fannie Kerr on the Voy
age Here From Aus
tralia.
There w I a riot on the water
front >•»■:=;• i . had it not been for
the opportune arrival of i ■ ■■■>> and
• Police H. F. Lavs
• the Oakland Cafe would have been
severely handled. As it la he will have
to. answer in the Police Court to-day for
beating and kicking a man nearly SO
y.ars of age
A well-known character on the front is
Jacob de Almazo. The old man is pas:
the allotted three score and ten and a
simple-mind.:.!. Yesterday he went
into Lausten's restaurant and ask
coffee and doughnuts. This he had been
In the habit of pa\;: for and he
offered that amount to Lausten befi
to eat. This made the restaurant
<: angry, as his charge was 10 cents.
He at once took the coffee and doughnuts
from I >(.■ Almazo and grabbed the
rom his head, ile then took tho old
man by the collar of his coat, threw him
out on the sidewalk and kicked him twice
in the stomach as he lay on hi.-
Lausu-n stands fully six feet high and
weighs over 800 pounds, while De Almazo
Is little and weazened, not weighing over
100 pounds. The kicks in his stomach al
most paralyzed him and it was several
minutth before he could rise from the
A number of Berkeley boys on their way
to the football game saw the cowardly at
tack uiwn the old man, and while two of
them helped hin, around to the Harbor
station the others surrounded the
restaurant. A crowd soon gathered and
one suggested that it would be a
. Lausten up to one of
trie light poles. While a hack
man was away looking for a rope • »fflc< rs
Shaw and Dow red on th<
and one dispersed th« crowd as the other
hustled Lausten around to the Harbor
Station. There he was charged
with battery and later was nl. ase I on $40
bail.
Vlmazo told Captain Dunleavy that
i mistake going int
taurant, as he thought II
.... . ;
•■. He was to pay the
nts, however, if 1.:. I only
given him the time. to bo
thankful that ho was I walk home
. for had th | arrived
quickly he might ha> I home
<>n a strei
■ 'aptain Gibboi s of t : ritish four
mast- ■ F 3ted with
; on the i
trip from N '■-■ v S. W. f here. It I
come over ;
■metimes he
thought sh( the Golden
To maki ■ exasperat
teft New- .
I'annie Kerr.
• r. making
if the Ship. I
■ Kerr brought over 3639 tons ;
\ .':•■ the Inverlochy brought only ;
tons atter. therefore, had the
I in the light winds
iv< :::• Ktrr a bad
b( .itins;.
"The Inverlochy and Fannie Kerr are
even new " said Captain Gibbons yester
day. "In the run around to Newcastle to
I beat the bark thr< c weeks, ffnd
is beaten my ship by the same
;ime. But, man. It was a terri
- ige, and my chart would make a
■ ' From . ■ knot! : was
iver&ge, and when we wmld make a
red miles in the twenty-four hours
rew would feel like dancing a horn-
When we did g ■ • it was in
i direction and blew us back.
We. were off the Farallones and it took
Us two days to get back to our old posi
tion. The Kerr is a big ship and it takes
a . good bree2 ' her through the
water, while the Inverlochy is nearly a
and tons smaller and moves along
with a wind that would hardly fill our
canvas. Wait till we start for home, and
then you'll see the Fannie Kerr win
sure."'
The many friends of O. Hansen. late
chief officer of the British ship Lancing,
will be glad to hear that he is doing
AD V EBTISF.MF.NTa.
fß+s+B+B+E-}-B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+i!+B+B+B+a+B-§-HH
ARE YOU AJVEAK MAN ?
££ia&± D ° YOU REALIZE THAT YOU
m-^., ,r f^^^^lfe^ are not the man you should
4^ *-\-j^y i< S t »^-. ' ■■ ■w^ be at your age? Do you find your
»p *48»»S5SS^t[*v 7^ r;^ J* strength failing you, exposing the
mL^tJW£ \r iJt^^^^^SSbSc^S great drain that lias been sapping
a^ > S L_ j g^ J^fir tne very life an^ ambition out of
fvjfc"" i S m V'' i^Mffflr you? Does this knowledge mar
x»iEyiP®r / j( *Sfm£smr your life'.' Then it. is tlme for you
\~* MtXSr^ to look seriously to your health.
YVStf/ \ ffl£ir^ You need such a remedy as Dr.
£$&%& ' ■* BtMKA Sanden's Electric, Belt, from
&£> ¥%*mLrr^ v. -m_ -^fwfr which you can absorb new
**S»hs rS*^*^*^**" * vh^7> strength and vitality. It Is a
&lS^^J!<&£i?£%. -F\-£t±ij£~~, grand remedy for any one who is
*^y^r"y 0 LJtiySkmY^jm weak in vitality, from whatever
cause.
WEAKNESS CURED IN SIX WEEKS.
DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: Six weeks ago I received your Belt, and I am proud to
say that it has helped me -onderfully. My back does nt bother me, and the varicose
veins are hardly noticeable. The drains have almost stopped. I am much Improved
and am glad to say the rupture is one-third th* pl?.e It was before using the Belt.
The Belt has done all you claimed for It. I -™£ c^ D rKima City. Nev.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
To men who are weak Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is worth its weight
in gold It gives new life to the weak nerves and restores the most
precious element of manly power. If you are weak call and see Dr.
Sanden or send for his book.
READ "THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
This is a grand book, written by Dr. Sanden for weak men, and all
men suffering from the failure of vitality in any organ of the body. It
is full of joyous news to weak men. It is free. Try Dr. Sanden's Elec-
tric Belt if you are weak. Call or address
DR. A. X. SANDEN, f ifiT BJ HRlifi CTIIBPt f
702 Market Street, Corner Ke»rny. Ban Francisco. NOT IN DRUG STORES.
Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main Btreet; Butte, Mont. ■« «"■ °™cb.
no North Main street. t * " *
1898- TAXES -1898
Notice is hereby given that the first ;
Installment of real estate taxes nd all j
unpaid personal prope. ty taxes, includ-
ing balance due from those who have
already paid the Assessor, will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MON- !
I)A.Y. November 28, at 6 o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS received after SATUR-
DAY EVENING, November 26.
Office open FRIDAY AND SATUR-
DAY EVENINGS, Nuvernber 25 and
26, from 7 to 9 p. m.
JAMES N. BLOCK,
Tax Collector of the City and County
of Ban Francisco.
"ILL WIND THAT BLOWS NOBODY GOOD."
The British ship Fannie Kerr took eighty-nine days to come here from Newcastle, N. S. W., while the
British bark Inverlochy made the same run in sixty-eight days. Th^ latter left Ausvralia nearly three weeks
after the Fannie Kerr and beat her twenty -four hours into port. The winds were so light all the Kerr could
do was from twenty to thirty knots a day, while the Inverlochy with the same breeze made from eighty to one
hundred and passed her rival as though she were anchored.
well Captain Hatfield and Hansen left
the ship at the same time. Th.. former
went "it" the Alaska-Yukon Transporta
tion Company and I nearly all his
v in that venture. Hansen went
north and expects to come out of his win
ter quarters next year with a good stake.
ter of the steamer Pauline
Warner and a shareholder in the Rollo
r Mining ■ The Pauline
' Warner is a con Liner and dredg
er and is wintering ai Sumdum, Alaska.
Rollo Barber Mining Company owns
her and also another vessel called the
Alpha. They also own 160 acres on I
River, Windham Bay. '!'!■• gravel on this
' land averages 30 cents a yard and as one
.. - can work 1000 yards a day the
owners consider they have a good thing.
R isenfeld's Sons have chartered an
other Britsh tramp steamer. The Wye
field is now loading coal at Nanaimo, B.
C, and should arrive here next we<
is ;U">' tons gross burden .:.'i a brand n< w
vessel. Her length Is 330 feet, breadth
45."> feet and depth 23.8 feet The steamer
Slam will go to Manila with a cargo of
coal and the Wyefleld will take her place
in the coast trade.
Thanksgiving was very quietly observer!
on the water front. Only three vessels
were worked during the day The Spar
tan at Main street, Hiawatha at Keale
and Edward O'Brien at Mission street
were all discharging coal, but the other
ship captains gave their crews a day off j
and during the afternoon regaled them j
on turkey and plum duff. The Berkeley
• ,i team came over from Oakland
on the tup Reliance. It was blowing a
northerly breeze and the bay was very
choppy. In consequence the footballers
had a -bard time of it. The spray broke
clean over the tver and some of the boys
eot a ducking. The Reliance landed at
Polsom street wharf, and hacks took
them out to the football grounds
Another vessel has been added to the
list of overdue*. The French bark Col
bert is now out 123 days from Port Xatal \
for Tacoma. and .", per cent reinsurance I
is being paid on her. The rate on the'
I aurelbank. now out 86 dnys from Shang- j
■ A si. iria, advanced to 80 per cent
yesterday. _________^__
The Oriftinal Little Beneficencia Company
o* San Francisco, Drnwinft November
24. IS9B.
No 33 477 wins $3750, sold In San Francisco,
Cal • No 41 711 wins $1250, sold in San Jose,
Pal' : No 50.860 wins $625, sold in San Fran
cisco Cal.; Nob. Slls. 10,211. 34,798. 69.321 and
75 439 each wins $62 50. sold In San Francisco
and Petaluma, Cal. Prizes cashed at 35 New
Montgomery St.. S. F.. Cal. *
Mission Literary Society.
The Mission Literary Society will give
an entertainment and dance in Masonic
Hall, at th.- corner of Sixteenth and Va
lencia streets, next Thursday evening.
14-16 Kearny Street,
Ib the very best place to have your eyes ex-
amined and have them fitted to Spectacles and
Eye Glasses with instruments excruslvely their
own. whose superiority *iiis not been equaled.
Our suci has been d- to the merits of our
work.
lA/. X. HESS,
ROTART PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Itonm 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
■ Residence, 821 California st., below Powell,
San Francisoo.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1898.
FRENCH CONSUL GENERAL
He Is a Nephew of Genejal de Trobrland and a Man of
Wide Diplomatic Experience.
A. de Trobriand, the newly appointed French Consul General at
this port, is a man of much culture and wide diplomatic experience.
A native of Brittany, he held his first official position in 1872, when
he was appointed an attache to the French Consul General in New
l'ork, an office he held f r four years. His next appointment was as
Vice Consul at Charleston, S. C, where he remained one year, serving
afterward in the same capacity in Calcutta from 1876 to 1879. His
other ofT-ial experiences, prior to hi., present appointment, include
several years In the Department of Foreign Affairs in Paris, and con
siderable periods of service as Consul in Swansea and Cardiff. South
Wales, and at Gibraltar, at which latter point he recalls with pleas
ure his meeting with Admiral Walker and Captain Chadwick of the
American navy.
As an evidence of the high esteem in which he was held at Car
diff he was presented upon his departure from that town after eight
years' service with a highly prized testimonial from the municipal
authorities and inhabitants.
"I asked to come back here," he said yesterday, "because of a
liking for American people and American institutions, and because
several of my relatives are living in New York. One of these is
Mrs. Charles Post, daughter of General de Trobriand, my uncle, who
died in New Orleans a year ago. In 1873 he commanded the United
States troops in Utah Territory and subsequently in Wyoming. I
hope the relations between France and the United States will con
tinue, as in the past, of the most friendly nature "
Mr. de Trobriand is accompanied by his wife and four children—
the latter, three girls and a boy, ranging from 6 to 17 years of age.
COMMITTEES APPOINTED.
The Men Who Will Manage the Min
ers' Interests.
The following new committees to control
and direct the administration of affairs of
the California Miners' Association have
been appointed by President Iseff of the
association:
Executive Committee at I^.rge-W. W. Mon
tague (chairman), A. Camlnettl. J. M. W ai
ling Thomas Mem, B. B. Christy, John M.
Wright Harold P. Power, Dan T. Cole. Lewis
T Wright Joseph Slobs. John Bermlngrham.
C W Cross Oeorg« Stone, Julian Sonntag.
W S 'Keyes E. A. Belcher. Andrew Cardan,
Edward Coleman, Curtis H. Lindley. Charles
G Yale Lewis E. Byington.
Executive Committees for Counties-A ame
da County, Frank A. Leach, Felix thappelet.
Amador County, J. F Parks EC. Voorhles;
Butte County, A. Elkman W. P. Hammon,
( alaveras County. W. L. Honnold David Mc
flure; El Dorado County, A. H. Ten Broeck.
I[ E Plcketf Nevada County, B. S. Rooter,
James Mcßrlde: Placer County TJ. Nlrhcls,
Amos Stevens; Santa Clara County Charles
C Derby. Robert R. Bulmore; San Francisco,
j' F Halloran. S. Mooney ; Sierra County,
Frank R. Wefhe, J. O. Jones; Shasta County,
M E Dittmar J. M. Oleaves; Siskiyou Coun
ty, H. H. Hunter, Andrew O. Myers; Tuo
lumne County, J. O. Hopper, W. O. Long;
Trinity County, John McMurray. P. Paulson;
Tuba County, Joseph Durfee, James O'Brien.
Committee on Mineral Lands— A. H. Rick-
Etta (chairman), George C. Sargent, H T
Power, A. H. Ten Broeck, W. C. Ralston. '
Committee on Mineral Exhibit in Paris Ex
position—B. N. Shoecraft (chairman), A. Ek
man, A. B. Paul, A. S. Cooper, Fred Zeitler
B. T. Price. Andrew O. Meyers.
Committee on Dams— A. Camlnetti (chair
man). George C. Sarfjpnt, John Spaulding. J
M. Gleaves, R. M. Green, L. L. Meyers, Fred
Searlen, Thomas Clark. J. F. Cnwdery,' Mark
B. Kerr. A. C. Hincksen, J. O. Batcher, James
O'Brien.
Committee on Department of Mines and Min
ing— Tlrey L. Ford (chairman), Charles G
Yale, W. C. Ralston, J. F. Halloran. W. S~.
Key«s.
Committee on Legislation — John G. Davlß
(chairman). Curtis H. Llndley, W. F. Prisk,
W. B. Lnrdner, A. H. McDonald, E. C. Voor
hleii, A. W. Chatiman, C. W. Cross, A. S.
Raw, F. F. Golinsky.
Committee on Finance — Andrew Carrlgan,
(chairman). Joseph Sloss, Willis G. Dodd.
Committee an Jetties and Dredging— John H
Wright (chairman). John F. Engelbrlght
Thomas J. Barbour, F. George Gow, B. T.
Lacey.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
tot tu- _ /f ''r».''-'-y ■ __
ilaiU /y x/^^ _ " iIN
MRS. ESQUEDA DIES
FROM BRUTALITY
HER HUSBAND MIGUEL IS NOW
CHARGED WITH MURDER.
In Septemoer Last He Subjected Her
to Such Fiendish Treatment
That Peritonitis Set In.
Mrs. Soledad Esqueda, after over two
months of terrible suffering, died at
Mount Zion Hospital yesterday morning
and her body was removed to the Morgue.
Her husband, Miguel Esqueda, was
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
murder.
It was in the beginning of last Septem
ber that Esqueda, after starving his wife
in their rooms, 1317 Powell street, for
four days, subjected her to fiendish abuse.
The sole reason was because he had spent
all his wife's savings and she was unable
to meet his demands for more money.
They had been married two years. She
was 32 years of age and he was her junior
by several years.
She was taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal and later to the City and County Hos
pital. Then she was removed to her
brother-in-law's house on Vallejo street,
near Montgomery, but on October 29 she
was sent to Mount Zion Hospital, where
she died from peritonitis, the result of
her husband's treatment. When at the
City and County Hospital Bhe made an
ante-mortem .statement In the presence
of her husband.
Hsqneda fled after the commission of the
crime, but was arrested by Policeman
McMahoo on September 2-. He waa
charged with assault to mur.lt-r and baa
been in prison sine, the case having been
continued from time to time owing to the
precarious condition of his wife.
When told yesterday that she was dead
he said he was sorry. He declined to
make a statement, as he said he had al
ready talked enough.
Fractured His Skull.
T. Natterville. 1715 Scott street, was
seized with an epileptic fit on Polk street
yesterday morning, and in falling frac
tured his skull. He was taken to the Re
ceiving- Hospital.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UPPLETON & CO.'S
NEW BOOKS.
Recollections of the
Civil War.
By CHARLES A. DANA. With por-
trait. Large 12mo. Cloth, gilt top,
uncut, $2.00.
The late Charles A. Dana's "Recollec-
! tions of the Civil War" forma one of the
most remarkable volumes of historical,
political and personal reminiscences which
have been given to the public. Mr. Dana,
was not only practically a member of the
Cabinet and In the confidence of the lead-
I ers of Washington, but h« was also the
chosen representative of the War Depart-
ment with General Grant and other mili-
tary commanders, and he was present at I
' many of the councils which preceded move- |
{ ments of the greatest importance. Mr.
I Dana was selected to sit in judgment upon j
charges of treason, bribery and fraud, and ;
; he was familiar with all the inner work- ]
| ings of the vast machinery which was |
set In operation by the war. The im-
portance of this unwritten history is ob-
vious. Furthermore, Mr. Dana's own
narrative is reinforced by many letters
I from Grant, Stanton and Sherman.
Latitude 19°.
A Romance of the West Indies in the
Year of our Lord 1820. Being a
faithful account and true, of the
8 painful adventures of the Skipper,
the Bo's'n, the Smith, the Mate,
and Cynthia. By MRS. SCHUY-
LER CROWNINSHIELD. Illus-
trated. 12mo. Cloth, $1.50.
Mrs. Crowninshield's first novel is a
book which will be read and talked about.
The local color is fresh and captivating,
and the interest of novelty attaches to
the historical background, including as it
does the pirates and voodoo worshipers
of the early part of the century in Hayti,
and the strange figure of King Christophe. j
The unflagging interest of the adventures
which are encountered is accompanied by
a constant vein of delightful humor.
Foot-Notes to
Evolution.
A Series of Popular Addresses on the
Evolution of Life. By DAVID
STARR JORDAN. Ph.D., President
of Leland Stanford Junior Uni-
versity. 12mo. Cloth, $1.50.
This book is a popular review of the
evolution philosophy of to-day, consid-
ered more especially in Its biological as-
pects. The essential unity of all organ-
isms, both plant and animal, the fact that
! progress in life consists solely of adapta-
tion to environment, and the relation of
heredity and degeneration to the evolu-
tional scheme, are among the points of
special interest dealt with in the volume.
The Hero of Brie
(Commodore Perry).
By JAMES BARNES, author of "Mid-
shipman Farragut," "Commodore
Bainbridge," etc. A new volume In
the Young Heroes of Our Navy
Series. Illustrated. 12mo. Cloth,
$1.00.
In this graphic and spirited story Mr.
Barnes tells of Perry's adventures as a
boy on the frigate General Greene, and
conducts his hero through the exciting
scenes which attended the battle of Lake
Erie. It is a story which illustrates the
resourcefulness, energy and dauntless
courage which have characterized our
naval heroes from Paul Jones to Dewey
and Hobson.
With the Black Prince.
A Story of Adventure in the Four-
teenth Century. By WILLIAM O.
STODDARD. author of "Little
Smoke," "Crowded Out o' Crow-
field," "On the Old Frontier; or,
The Last Raid of the Iroquois,"
etc. Illustrated by B. West Cline-
dinst. 12mo. Cloth, $1.50.
This is a story of adventure and of bat-
tle, but it is also an Informing presenta-
tion of life in England and some phases
of life in France in the fourteenth cen-
tury. The hero is associated with the
Black Prince at Crecy and elsewhere.
These books are for sale by all book-
sellers; or they will be sent by mail on
receipt of price by the publishers.
These books are for sale by all booksellers; or they
will be sent by mail on receipt of price by publishers.
D. APPLETON & CO.,
72 Fifth Avenue, New York.
_ _ ,
Use f**% and
Facial Soap s^/ Facia! Cream. ,
Woodbury's Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder, manufactured by JOHN :
H. WOODBURT. will make the complexion
Clear, Soft and Beautiful and the teeth white.
Sold everywhere.
O 00 000000000000Q 1
gw PALACE . »8j
%GRAND hotels el
o BAH mmAMOimoo. Y
■f Connected by a covered passageway. JJ
0 1400 Rooms— POO With Bath Attached. **
D All Under One Management. ' 0)
D HOTS THE PRICES: Q
■t Europoan PI an. SI .OO per day and upward M
M American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward «l
ft . . Correspondence Solicited. ft
$ mm 0. sirkfavsiox, Mtatget. 2
GLO O O O QO 000 O O OOO O OJB
ADVERTISEMENTS. . j
Are You Run Down, Exhausted?
TRY
j« W ■ f^ « wS V^ I t ■
SIR MORELL MACKENZIE, MADIA\[I WIMP
The Eminent Physician. ITlAulAlll WINE
Makes the
j|B& !^fl| Weak Strong.
/I ■ WiMtf^M* jC^nvwvl Mariani Wine gives power to
I iMw^^.^ '^^■¥TO( i *^ e ra^ n » stren gt'h and elas-
'~'o&*^ •^*swis ticity to the muscles and rich-
\'fflic!mmL ness to the blood. It soothes,
/^^^|t%W V- '*"^r*^; : MrMv strengthens and sustain? the
t^M^^^t^^^^ :f^lW^ i^' s . vstcm aut * hraces body and
4, '^^-^jjjj^^^^^f^^^d brain. For overworked men,
'fi<~ "x. \wfS Jfiljr-^. delicate women, sickly children
\ c^* it works wonders.
I have much pleasure in statin, « IJJMAm
that I have used the Yin Mariani for sen t, free, book containing portraits with
many years. I consider it a valuable endorsements of Emperors. Empress. Princes.
, , , , ,- Cardinals, Archbishops and other Interesting
stimulant, particularly serviceable. matter. Mention this paper.
MORELL MACKENZIE, M. D. All Druggists. Avoid Substitutions.
Paris— 4l Boulevard Haussmann; London— Mortimer St.; Montreal— Hospital Bt.
AMUSEMENTS. _^ AMTJSEHENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER. COMEDY THEATER.
,„_.„ „._ (Formerly the Popular Bush.)
LAST THREE XIGHTS-SATURDAY MAT-
A M Killer and 1N \V .^Freeman Present the EVERT EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
/AU-CurpasslnK Musical Com^y Triumph. MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
A T^ I T A V The Re| e nin P Theatrical Sensation of New
Jt\. A A X York. London and Paris.
CONEY ISLAND CYRANO DE BERGERAC
Great Cast. Headed by
SMITH & CAMPBELL. Edmond Rostand's Great Comedy Drama.
,-.x-r-w»v ENTIRELY NEW SCENES AND ACCESSO-
EXTRA— NEXT MU.wi. RIES. EIGHTY PEOPLE ON THE STAGE
First Time West of the Rookies.
The Unparalleled Success. Staged by Maurice Hageman.
KOSTER& RIAL'S By the HENDERSON COMPANY, under Da-
Sumptuous Musical Extravaganza, vid Henderson's personal direction.
"GAYEST MANHATTAN." SEATS— Theater and Emporium.
SEATS NOW READY. Evenings, 23c to $1. Matinees. 25c to 75c.
| CALIFORNIA THEATER. ALCAZAR THEATER.
Prices. 15. 23, 35 and SO Cents. MATINEE TO-MORROW.
MATIXKF^ SATrRDAY. LAST THREE NIGHTS
The Stirring Romantic Military Play. ' *
NORTHFRN LIGHTS. SIDNEY ROSENFBUrS COMEDY
NORTHERN LIGHTS. nmiVißiiiTllllll
extra, IMAG NAT ON!
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY. |Iff 1 1 IWII 1 ■* ■ IVlll
COMPLETE PRODUCTION. __
SCENERY, COSTUMES AND EFFECTS. NEXT WEEK.
SECRET SERVICE. roland reed's
DJuL/lil-l ! OIjIiYIvIj. Rattling Comedy.
—with— "THE POLITICIAN,"
WILLIAM GILLETTE. .. THBWO^^p LftNKl ..
SEATS NOW READY. p ricea __ 25c> 35^ 5^
Seats for Baldwin^ Can Be Exchanged SEATS NOW ON SALE.
fZt v to TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
& >Bk" AAJtVuXik A ffjillTin Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and iler.
ySrr T 'W*' m*w '%«V\a» Oscar Weil's Comedy Opera in Three Acts,
LILLIE WESTERN. Vaudeville's Premiere _^^_»
Musical Artiste. A — — A A
THE WILSON FAMILY. High-Class "Coon" |J fl T 'AW £^- H* "h" g\
MAUDE COURTNEY. Who Sings the Old | Q»Jm. —^-— V*3f/ qLs Sv
Songs.
HARRY LACEY AND COMPANY, in the Great MIRTH AVn MTTSIC
Hit, "Bob Racket's Pajamas." MIRTH AND ML SIC.
FLO IRWIN AND WALTER HAWLEY In MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2 P. M.
HERBERT's't^Pe Miss Con." the Greatest vf'vt \tovday Fvwivn r;rnn<i 'icpnin
HERBERT'S R I^J' F A^ OGS - the GrMt<SBt pSSeaoTS N^lsiß^SuecZ«dJ^*
james'cVllen. 0 vocalist. CYRANO DE BERGERAC.
FRANK AND DON, Comedy Boxers. * «*^*^*-' *-"-* L»I-rvVJl^ri.rtW.
FLOOD BROTHERS. Comedy Acrobats. WITH APPROPRIATE MUSIC.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera SEATS NOW ON SALE,
chairs and bOX Seats, 50c. p..,.],. Prinns ok- nnil ia.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY. SATURDAY AND JX.Vrved Be« for the^MaVlnee: *?* .Sto
SUNDAY. Our Te i e p hone B u 3 h 9.
MOROSCO'S GRAND MECHANICS; PAVILION
V alter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Maaageii -, -_- » mrmr „ * — _• - • ■-»
CHAKIIY BAZAAR
Week of Nov. 21, IS9B.
Button Vane's Best Melodrama. AND
IN Qlf^HT A P CALIFORNIA AND MUSICAL CONTEST
1 1 __3 IVj 1 1 I V-/ Y (NOAH BRANDT ORCHESTRA.)
QT PAIII OPENING DAY,
<^** rHULj. THURSDAY, December Ist.
Special Engagement of the Handsome and '
Accomplished Leading Lady, This day has been set aside for a Grand
MISS ADELE BELGARDE. TESTIMONIAL BENEFIT
EVENING PRICES, 10c, 23c and 50c.
MATINEE PRICES, 10c, 13c and 25c. For the
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. BRAVE FIREMEN OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone Green 861. BRAVE rlßciiltN i)r bAN rKANUbIU.
lil^iJii feUM 1 INGLESIDE COURSINQ PARK.
\^^#S>SlOP^io. I SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
Grand Initial Performance In Monster Free
Vaudeville Amphitheater. NOVEMBER 26 AND 27—
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27. ' 1
Lillian Smith, Champion Rifle Shot of the >|#\a| lllllltimAl OTIIAT
World; Balloon Ascension and Parachute A] II A] 14/ IJUA!L U V J VIA M L
Jump; Triple Horizontal Bar- Breakaway II M 11 "¥IIIV II LlllJ OlM|\L
Ladder Act; Knockabout Clowns; the Leons; I M II IIIIllla»llW Vinilh
Cornet Solo; Grand Concert; Black Alaska
Bears; Performing Lions. AND
Children are Interested and Amused at Glen
Admission, 10c; no further charge. Children \£9 A M L* l /V VI S9 Mf\¥\ C I
\ under 5 years, free.
I Glen Park Cafe will open on this day. Tur-
j key lunch only i.".c. Refreshments at popular Take a Mission-street car and It will land
! P Take San Mateo electric cars; Valencia, Mis- you at the gates.
j lon and Sutter-street cars transfer. ADMISSION. 2oc. LADIES FREE.
iUilOk fllciS VITALIS
, tt^. iv yicri I v3 k . "r 11 r* ti *\\s
1 PACIFIC COAST c . m ™«8k w% ncu ru
I |wh%ii i* 7mf%ctifY wfcWD nrir ioth Day. s« JQL Tf rtfilllullii
n I mi- wm*i»w» vitaiic scthEay. /sz, ja Dcucnv
fsSi -^*" GLaS ' a£r TRACKS PRODrAIxiIKABOTE 30th Day. KERICUIiI
_*% '"■ _■) RKSCLTS. itquicklyJticrflyrfmoveiXerrousnsu,
1 I OATIMr fpnm Mrtnrtav Nnv 41 tft I Nightly Emission!", Evil Dreams W 'ii, Pi,, a , , » n d all effects
\«nAtlNlr IrOln BlOnUay, HOY. I*, lU I J <& 9elf-»bnseorfxwss»nd indiscretion" Restore! Lc-t Vitmlity.
O Saturday, Nov. 26, inclusive. f± : tc^»s^^«j;*l^s^S%S!B3C
O» * Fiv. or Kor, Ennning B«. D»il y , Rain \J |#5*?S2 gT&S^/g^rSSS
|~| or Shine. f^ ittfnnA the Money. Cirftilar Free. Addms
»* Beautiful Grounds. 1/ CAM MKT CI'RECO., 884 lteorborn St.. Chlcas*
_^ Superior Accommodations. _=_ g o ja t>y Owl Drue Co.. S. F., and Oakland.
O Superior Accommodations. f^ gold isy Owl Dru» Co.. S. F.. and Oakla»<.
9 4 6. P. R. R. Trains, 12:45 and 1:15 \ / .
Or. m. dally. Leave Third-street^^ mf^lw ■mmm -mm*. j&» -S»^t_^
Station, stopping- at Valencia street. fl _SL 1^ 1W? IJii 11 1 C?
-_ Returning Immediately after the >< Bel^t* F?| ■£M BtT ■ W^
0 "'"''ELECT'IUC^'CAR'^INES. f) 11/^1 E( II V I-< kj
__[ Kearny-street and Mission-street >_« I3«_^_^ FAVORITE
f» cars every three minutes, direct to |SpM&^' it /^ti vii ■*- rn-m -r
1 / track without change. Flllmore- I I B fft^f B^ jf SITIAII
OrDMIBSWN TO^HE TRACK. $1.00. ** Ihl<\l Bfll' Ifl Bill
ADMISSION TO THE TRACK, $1.00. C\ % lltkJ vlllfi 1 ll#im
8. N. ANDROUS. President. >/ _} WF_K WOMEN.
j .F. H. GREEN. Secretary. f\ 1-^ rUW WtMl WUWt-W.
ooooflgpoooo MCNITT.TY.
JLVUMmW AWn -RT?«SOTtT«s i^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
CONCERTS AND B.ESCKX&. 1 Specl»llBtc«re*Private.Nervcas,andßloodDla.
— ■ — -« eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
CIITRH RATHQ Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rV experience.
O \J I r»V^ . t»i~V 1 n<J. Patlenta cure,! at Hon'.e. Terms Houn»9
Open Dally from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M. to 3 dally; 6:30 to 8:30 Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul.
Bathing from 7 A. M. to 5 P. M. free and sa<redlyconJidendaU
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 5, P. ROSCOE McNULTY. M.D..
Bathing, with admission, 28c; chll<Jr«n. 200. 26>i Kcarny St.. San Francisco. Cal»
 -. - .
78
IN THE MIDST
OF AN EXCITING
CITY CAMPAIGN
Los Angeles to Elect
New Officers.
CHARTER ALSO AN ISSUE
STRONG TICKET NAMED BY
THE REPUBLICANS.
Frederick Eaton Nominated for
Mayor by Acclamation Pculiar
ly Qualified for the Re
sponsible Position.
Special Dlapatch to The CalL
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 24,-Thls city is
now in the midst of a most exciting mu
nicipal campaign, which will come to a
final issue on the sth of December. An
entire set of municipal officers is to be
chosen, including a Mayor, a City Attor
ney a City Clerk. Auditor. Treasurer,
Engineer. Tax Collect*. Assessor Su
perintendent of Streets, nine Councilman
and nine members of the Board of Edu
cation. , .. „
In addition to this the voters of the city
will be afforded an opportunity to adopt
or reject a new charter which has been
formulated by a board of fifteen free
holders. In the event the new charter
should prevail the officers chosen at the
forthcoming election will serve for onl>
one year. But should the charter be re
jected they will serve for the full period
of two years. *'v-i_
The greatest Interest is manifested in
the contest for the position of Mayor
The Republics - have nominated a \er>
BtFong city ticket. The opposition to the
Republican party is combined under the
Term -Union Party." and includes the
extraordinary political mixture of D mo
rrat« Silver Republicans and Populists.
For' the first time in a long period of (
years the Republican candidate for May
or was named by the city convention bj ,
? name Is Frederick Ea
ton He was bom and raised in this
his career has been a most successful one.
He his been connected with the public
works of this city for something like fif
,uiU will prove <.f great advantage to
local sewer system, and also gave ad
vice and directed the initial steps that
were taken, some eight or nine years
ago in the matter of municipal ownership
of the water distributing plant.
Mr Eaton's record as a citizen and an
official has not been assailed in any way
and it cannot be. He stands squared
on the platform adopted by the Republi
can City Convention in relation to the
water question, which is and will be un
til it is settled the most momentous pub
lic issue before the people here. The
declaration of the Republican platform
in regard to municipal ownership is
plain and unequivocal. It is absolutely
devoid of any verbiage or unnecessary
clauses, and declares that me city
and the city only should own, control and
operate its water distributing plant.
Mr. Eaton's experience as City M
eineer will prove to be valuable for the
?eason that during the next two or
three years the city will be involved in
litigation with the water company In the
■settlement of the disputed propositions in
volved in the transfer of the company s
rights and property to the city. me
Mayor will, of course, to a large extent,
direct the legal struggle which the mu
nicipality will be compelled to maintain
in order to protect and assert its rights.
His intimate acquaintance with the plant
of the water company in its most minute
details, as an expert engineer, specially
qualify Mr. Eaton at this time to nil the
position he is seeking.
Two years ago Los Angeles city gave
Mr. Bryan a plurality of something like
450, but* this year Mr. Gage and his asso
ciates on the Republican State ticket
obtained a plurality of about 1500, -which
is the normal Republican plurality the
city gives under ordinary circumstances.
In this municipal contest now on there Is
absolutely no division in the Republican ;
forces; they are united as they never were !
before, and the best of judges are of the
opinion that the ]500 plurality of Novem
ber will be increased to 2500 on the oth
of December.
The candidates on the Republican city
ticket with Mr. Eaton are all men of ex
ceptional strength, and there does not
Eeem to exist any doubt of their election.
The nominee for City Clerk is Lafay
ette Martindale. a veteran of the Civil
"War, who left a leg upon the field of
battle. Captain Martindale has resided
in Los Angeles for quite a period of
years, and Is in every way qualified to
iill the position of Clerk.
Walter F. Haas is the nominee for
City Attorney. Mr. Haas is a young man,
who was educated in this city. He has
been for many years a practitioner at the
bar. and has succeeded In establishing
himself as an attorney of no mean abil-
Itv. During that time he has handled |
162 cases in the Superior Court (and has j
lost only nineteen of them), In addition to j
considerable Federal practice and pro- I
bate matters, which he has attended to. I
The only point that is being made against
Mr. Haas is that he is a young man. This
his friends admit, but they refer to the
gentleman's record as an attorney, and
it certainly goes to establish the fact that
he is fully qualified to fill the important
position as the city's legal adviser.
The present Superintendent of Streets,
John H. Drain, has been renominated.
This position Mr. Drain has filled for two
years and he is the first man to occupy
it who has not had his administration
stained by a defalcation. The position ;
is a difficult one to fill and Its duties re- |
quire a man of extraordinary mental I
equipment. It can truthfully be said
that Mr. Drain has given better satisfac
tion than any of his predecessors in of
fice.
The nominee for Tax Collector is Wil
liam A. White. Mr. White has filled sev
eral official positions in this county most
•creditably. He has served as financial
secretary of the Los Angeles County
Council of Labor, and his nomination was
to a certain extent a recognition of or
ganized labor.
Tne nominee for City Treasurer is W.
A. II art well. He has filled the position
two terms and was given a renominatioiv
In recognition, not only of his own effi
cient service, but as a veteran of the
Grand Army of the Republic.
•The nominee for City Assessor is Ben
]•". Ward. For seventeen years this gen
tleman has been engaged in securing
Eastern capital for investment in South
ern California. He is well posted upon \
values and for this reason would make
a most competent Assessor.
The nominee for City Engineer is Frank
H. Olmste.ad. This gentleman has a rec
ord as a consulting engineer second to
no one In Southern California. He has j
been engaged in several important engi
neering works in this part of the State I
and as City Engineer there is no doubt
that he would give satisfaction.
For City Auditor E. A. Carson, a native
of Los Angeles County, is the nominee.
Mr. Carson is a young man and has
served for four years past as assistant
clerk of the Board of Supervisors.
The Republican nominees for the City I
Council this year are exceptionally !
strong, and there exists not the slightest
doubt as to the election of six of the nine
nominees of the party.
W. H. Pierce in the First Ward, Fred
L. Baker in the Second. Louis F. Vetter
in the Third, Herman Silver In the
Fourth. Charles H. Toll in the Fifth and
E. L. Blanchard in the Ninth are be
lieved to be certain of election. Messrs.
Baker, Silver. Toll and Blanchard are
members of the present City Council. In
the Sixth Ward George E. Edwards, as
the Republican nominee, is making a no
ble struggle, but the ward has In the
past been inclined to elect Democrats to
the City Council. The Seventh and Eighth
Wards 'are the two Democratic districts
FREDERICK EATON,
Republican Candidate for Mayor of Los Angeles.
of the city and will undoubtedly return
Democratic Councilmen.
As far as the School Board is concerned
there is practically no partisan contest.
In the Fourth Ward Charles C. Davis, the
Republican nominee, has been indorsed by
the Democrats and Silver Republicans.
He I? the present head of the Hoard of
Education. In the Seventh Ward the
Democrats and Silver Republicans have
named a negro, Rev. S. W. Hawkins, for
the School Board. Th>> gentleman never
declined the honor, but after his nomina
tion took the stump for Gage. The Dem
ocrats will not vote for him and he re
to permit his name to be taken
from the ticket, so the chances are that
the Republican nominee. H. I. Jones, will
b e elected from that Democratic ward.
Thus far the campaign has been con
ducted upon the most pleasant lines. No
personalities have been Indulged in and
the Issues of the struggle will be decided
upon their merits, unless there should
me material change- of policy on the
part of the candidates during the days
interevning between now and the elec
tion.
MYSTERY SURROUNDS
A VETERAN'S DEATH
Before Expiring at Salinas Harry
Holmes Told Conflicting Stories
About His Injuries.
SALINAS, Nov. 84.— Whether Harry
Holmes was killed or died from accidental
causes may never be known. Last Sun
day the deceased was 7S years old, a vet
eran of the civil war and a pensioner. He
was discovered by officers wandering the
streets bareheaded and acting strangely.
He was arrested and was about to be
locked in a cell for insanity when it was
noticed his eyes were blackened and his
face bruised.
He was taken to a doctor, who at once
or '.ered him conveyed to the County
Hospital. He was thoroughly examined
and It was found that he had a large
contusion on the head, his face was con
siderably bruised, his eyes blackened and
he had serious Injuries about the lower
part of the abdomen. Holmes claimed
that early last Saturday morning he was
pushed down a cellar by hoodlums, pear
Fourth and Towns^nd streets, San Fran
cisco. Again when delirious he said hr>
fell down a hole there. He continually
stated he had been put aboard the cars
in San Francisco and sent to Salinas by
parties who found him where he fell, and
further that his money had been taken.
He became worse, and finally died this
morning from gangrene of the abdomen.
The deceased was a well-known character
In Monterey County, having resided here
twenty years. He Berved during the war
in Company I, First United States Cav
alry, where from his height, being over
six" feet, and splendid build, he was
known as "Handsome Harry." An In
vestigation will probably be made by the
Coroner. The deceased will be buried to
morrow by Stedman Post, G. A. R.
REMARKABLE SUCCESS
OF A TORPEDO BOAT
The Davis Exceeds the Official Re-
quirements by a Full Knot
During Her Trial.
PORTLAND, Nov. 24.— The torpedo boat
Davis, constructed at the Wolff & Se
wlcker Iron Works of this city, was given
her official trial trip on the Columbia
River to-day. Not only did the Davis
make her official trial of two hours suc
cessfully, but sh« made an average speed
of twenty-three and a half knots per
hour, a full knot in excess of require
ments. Lieutenant Commander F. J.
Drake, president of the naval board, this
evening sent the following dispatch to
Secretary of the Navy Long:
"PORTLAND, Nov. 24.— John D. Long,
Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D.
C. : Davis Is the first torpedo boat on the
Pacific Coast to make one knot more tnan
contract speed. Revolutions averaged 352.
No undue friction of engines or excessive
vibrations of hull. Two hours, consecu
tive ruin; no turn. DRAKE."
Lieutenant-commander Drake expressed
himself as highly satisfied.
"It Is unusual." he said, "for a boat of
this kind to make a success before four
teen or fifteen trips. This is the Davis'
second official trial and her performance
is remarkable. Only good workmanship
and capable management could make
such a thing possible."
INSISTS ON ARGUING
A CASE IN RHYME
Peculiar Controversy in an Indiana
Court That Is Without a
Precedent.
ANDERSON, Ind., Nov. 24.— The attor
ney for the defendant in a case in the
Circuit Court served notice that he would
present his argument in poetry. The at
torneys for the plaintiff protested and
the court arose in dignity and said that
he would not admit poetical arguments.
The matter led to an argument about
the right to employ poetry in law, and
it was found there were no precedents
or statutes against such a method and
the poetical attorney was obdurate. The
court refused to let the case proceed on
this basis and it was postponed until
January 2. The attorney for the defense
insists that he will present and argue his
case in rhyme nnd there seems to be no
way to head him off.
FOLLOWED BLANCO'S LEAD.
The Colonial Government of Havana
Tendered Its Resignation.
HAVANA, Nov. 24.— General Blanco's
resignation being officially announced, the
Colonial Government likewise resigned at
its session this afternoon. General Blanco
accepted their resignations, at the same
time requesting them to remain until the
next Captain General shall appoint a new
Government.
Blanco Praised by the Queen.
MADRID, Nov. 24.— 1n the decree &
ceptlng the resignation of Marshal Blanco
as captain general of Cuba, the Queen
Regent eulogizes the zeal, intelligence
ana loyalty with which the Governor
General has fulfilled his functions.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1898.
BEET SUGAR
INDUSTRY MAY
BE ENDANGERED
Senator Caffery Airs
His Views.
GIVES REASONS FOR THEM
DECLARES THE "OPEN DOOR"
POLICY UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
The New Question Is Being Widely
Discussed by Statesmen at
the National Capi
tal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24. —The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the fol
lowing: Serious constitutional questions
are raised by the proposition of the |
American Peace Commissioners at Paris!
to incorporate In the treaty of peace with
Spain a provision that the "open door" |
policy shall be put in force in the Philip- i
pine Islands.
This policy means that all nations are
to be given equal privileges with the Uni
ted States as to tariff charges, port
charges and all regulations respecting
commerce and shipping.
This involves the imposition of a tariff
on goods shipped from the United States
as well as from other countries, and it al
most necessarily involves the imposition
of a tariff in the Philippines differing
from the general tariff of the United
States.
The question of constitutional construc
tion involved is whether Congress Is pro
hibited from doing this under the provi
sions of the constitution providing that
duties, Imports and excises shah be uni
form throughout the United States, and
prohibiting duties on interstate traffic, or
whether Congress has power to do It un
der the clause of the constitution giving
it power to dispose of and make all need
ful regulations respecting territory and
other property of the United States.
< me of the firmest believers In the un
constitutionallty of the "open door" for
the Philippines or of any tariff for any
of the possesiona of the United States
differing In any way from the general
tariff of the United States Is Senator Caf
fery of Louisiana.
"I have no doubt that It -would bo wholly
unconstitutional," he said to-day, "as I
understand the constitutional provision
that duties, imposts and excises shall be
uniform throughout the United States
means that the same duties must be
levied at every port of the United States
whether that port is one of the States or
in territory held by the United States."
I suggested to Senator Caffrey that It
was held In some quarters that the pres
ent Hawaiian tariff established by au
thority of the annexation resolution was
regarded as a precedent for the proposed
"open door" policy in the Philippines, and
possibly in Cuba and Porto Rico. I asked
him if he regarded the Hawaiian tariff
as unconstitutional.
"I do," he replied. "I regard it as mere
ly one feature of a wholly unconstitu
tional transaction."
Then the Senator made the startling
statement that in his opinion, whatever
be the form of government giveri by the
United States to Cuba, Porto Rico and
the Philippines, they would have stable
Governments, and with stable Govern
ments and American capital and Ameri
can supervision, their sugar production
would be increased so enormously as to
completely break down the beet sugar
industry not only of the United States,
but of the world.
BLANDIN MAY BE
CITED FOR CONTEMPT
His Attack on the Judiciary Has
Stirred TJp the Legal Pro
fession.
CLEVELAND, Nov. 24— The sensational
finish in the disbarment proceedings
against State Senator Burke yesterday
has stirred the legal profession of this
city to its foundation. Ex-Judge Blandln,
who so severely arraigned the members
of the county bench, is receiving con
gratulation;; from all over the State for
his fearless stand in the matter. The
Common Pleas Judges will undoubtedly
! take some action in reference to the mat
j ter, but whether to resent it by bringing
j Judge Ulandin up for contempt or to
i make a statement through the press has
not yet been decided. Many attorneys,
however, believe that Judge Blandln will
be cited to appear for contempt of court.
It is said that Judge Ong may take the
initiative in this direction to-morrow
morning.
Died a«. the Age of 107.
LOUISVILLE ivy., Nov. 24.— A special
■ to the Post from Knoxvllle, Term., says:
Mrs. Susan Sanders, aged 107, died to
j day In the house she was born in on Ken-
I tucky River, In Watauga Valley. She was
a relative of John Sevier, first Governor
of Tennessee, and owned many souvenirs
i of the battle of Kings Mountain.
Mine. Dreyfus Cables Her Husband.
PARIS. Nov. 24.— Mme. Dreyfus, the
wife of the prisoner of Devils Island, has
been allowed to cable to her husband.
CORNELL IS
DEFEATED BY
PENNSYLVANIA
Twelve to Six the
Final Score.
VICTORY GAINED IN THE MUD
STRAIGHT FOOTBALL UNDER
UNFAVORABLE CONDITIONS.
During a Snowstorm the Quaker
Kickers Force the Carnelian and
White to Flay on the
Defensive.
\
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 24.— 0n a
field knee deep with mud the University
of Pennsylvania football team this aft
ernoon defeated the Cornell eleven by
the score of 12 to 6.
It Is doubtful if ever a game has been
played under more unfavorable condi
tions, both as to the field and the
weather. The wind, which had been
blowing strong from the northeast
nearly all day, suddenly shifted to the
west a few minutes before play started,
and instead of the persistent drizzling
rain a snowstorm of almost blizzard
proportions set in and continued with
out a let up until the game had been
concluded.
When the Cornell team trotted on
the field at 2:04 o'clock it was seen that
Charlie Young, who played such a bril
liant game with the carnelian and
white last year, was in his football togs
and was down on the card as one of
the halfbacks for the Ithica boys.
From a spectacular standpoint the
game was a weary one to look
at. The wretched condition of the field
made it almost an impossibility to exe
cute long runs, and Coach Woodruff's j
famous "guardback" formation was j
rendered almost useless, simply be- j
cause the men could not get enough
solid foothold to get under way. Then,
too, it was absolutely impossible to
prevent fumbling and to do accurate
kicking. Hare's two dismal attempts
at kicking the ball out of danger when
It was within a few feet of the red and I
blue's goal line in the first half caused j
the first score, and C. Young's kirk,
which went almost parallel with the
yard lines right into Hedges' hands,
was responsible for Pennsylvania's sec
ond touchdown. Hedges had a clear
field and the touchdown was easy.
The first half closed with a score of
6 to 0 In favor of Cornell. Durln- the
last few minutes of the first half the
ball had been kept in Pennsylvania's |
territory because of Hare's failure to \
punt more than fifteen or twenty yards, j
C. Young, who did the punting for the
visitors, gained from ten to twenty
yards in this half on each exchange of
punts.
In the second half things were differ
ent. When the Pennsylvania players
went into their dressing room they ex
changed the wet, heavy suits they had
been wearing for new, dry ones, and
when they reappeared on the gridiron
with their dry clothes and the wind
in their favor every one expected they
would redeem themselves. This they
did In a measure, carryine the ball i
down the field by steady plunges,
varied with an occasional end run to
Cornell's 25-yard line, from where Out
land carried it over for a touchdown
in a delayed pass.
The play durintr the second half was
almost entirely In Cornell's half, the
carnelian and white being forced to
play on the defensive nearly the en
tire half. Both teams relied almost on
straight football.
For Cornell Sweetland, Starbuck,
Lueder and C. Young did the best work.
Thi- former, in particular, put up a re
markable game. Outland, Coombs and
Hare were the best ground-gainers for
the Quakers.
The rou^h weather had no a— <arent
effect on tho attendance at the game,
and by 2 o'clock there were 20,000 peo
ple in tho huge amphitheater. Neither
did the severe storm dampen their ar
dor, for there was an Incessant yell
from the time the ball was kicked off
at 2:09 until time was called for the
end of the game.
The teams lined up as follows:
Pennsylvania. Position. Cornell.
Mi-Mahan Left end Davall, Wilson
ReuKenberg I-ef t tackle Wyvell
Hare Left guard Reed
Overfleld and
ICcClookey Center Dormer
Me' Vac-ken Right guard Lueder
Camel 1 Right tackle Sweet land
Hedges Right end. . .Cross. Grimshaw
Gardiner Quarter O. Young. Short
Coombs I/eft halfback Whltlnir
Outland Right h...c. Young, Windsor
Folwell Fullback . . .Ktarhuok. Perkins
Touchdowns— Outland, Hedges, Sweetland.
Goal? — From touchdowns, Outland 2.
Referee— McClung, I^ehlgh.
t'i:if>!re— Paul J. Mashlel, Lehigh.
Linesmen— Harrison of Pennsylvania and
Morrison of Cornell.
Time— Thirty-five minute halves.
PAT ODEA IS THE
KING OF KICKERS
Puts TJp One of the Greatest Per-
formances on Record During the
Game at Evanston.
EVANSTON, 111., Nov. Wiscon
j sin, 47; Northwestern, 0. Pat ODea If
king. He demonstrated to-day in the
game between the elevens representing
the University of Wisconsin and North
western University and before one of
j the largest crowds ever assembled at
• Evanston to witness a football game
j that he is one of the greatest kickers
| ever seen on a gridiron. Standing on
j the fifty-five-yard line he kicked a goal
I from the field. The ball went high
j above and squarely between the goal
i posts. Twice he missed a goal by the
4 narrowest of margins from the sixty
i yard line and he made another from the
| thirty-yard line. His punts averaged
| over fifty yards. His all-around play-
I ing showed a vast improvement, the
! firm footing giving him an opportunity
to show his sprinting and dodging abil
j ities. His tackling was hard and sure
' and his return of the ball after a kick
was equal to Herschberger's. Wiscon
sin's exhibition of team work was beau
tiful. At the close of the first Wiscon
sin had a score of 21 and Northwest
ern 0.
»
MICHIGAN WINS THE
WESTERN CHAMPIONSHIP
Before a Big Attendance the Maroons
of Chicago Go Down Before the
Maize and Blue.
CHICAGO. Nov. 24.— The Western
football championship goes to Michi
gan. On a field that was simply perfect
for fast football and before a crowd of
fully 12,000 the maroons of Chicago
went down before the maize and blue
at Michigan to-day by a score of 12 to
11. Michigan's score represents two
touchdowns, goals being kicked In each
instance. Chicago made one touch
down, a goal and a goal from place
ment. The reversal of form shown by
the Michigan men since they barely
succeeded in defeating Northwestern
was something remarkable. The Michi
gan line, in which big holes were torn
by the light Western team, was simply
impregnable to-day, with the exception
of about ten minutes in the second half,
when the Chicagos, with defeat staring
them in the face, pushed their oppo
nents aside with apparent ease.
The styles of play adopted by the two
teams were altogether different. Michi
gan, with the exception of one or two
double passes, relied almost altogether
on straight football, line bucking and
run? around the ends. Chicago, on the
contrary, used trick plays throughout.
Several substantial gains were made
by double passes, but in several in
stances the plays, on account of the
good work of the Michigan ends, Ben
nett and Snow, resulted in actual krss
of ground. Team worK of a high order
was shown by both elevens.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 24.— Kansas
State University, 12; Missouri State
University, 0.
RICHMOND, Va., Nov. 24.— North
Carolina, 6; Virginia, 0.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 24.— Kansas, 6;
Missouri, 0.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., Nov. 24.— Naval
Cadets, 21; Virginia Artillery Institute,
5.
CHICAGO, Nov. 24.— Chicago, 18;
Dartmouth, 5.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo., Nov.
24. — Colorado College and the State
School of Mines played the hardest
game of football ever played in this
city. The score was 6 to 2 in favor of
the miners when the game was called
by the referee on account of darkness.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Nov. 24.— Haskell
Institute Indians forfeited the game to
Ensworth Medics in the last half to
day by leaving the field. Rowdyism of
Ensworth players was the reason.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Nov. 24.—
With the temperature several degrees
bolow zero and on a field of snow,
flanked and fenced in by drifts, the
Minnesota and Illinois universities'
football teams played to-day, the vis
itors winning 11 to 10.
OMAHA, Nov. 24.— The lowa Uni
versity eleven defeated the gridiron
warriorg of Nebraska University in
their annual game in Council Bluffs to
day by a score of 6 to 5, Captain Mel
ford of the latter eleven failing to ki^k
the goal that would have made the
game a tie.
THANKSGIVING GAMES
ON COAST GRIDIRONS
An Easy Victory for the Chico Team
Over the Marysville Athletic
Club's Eleven.
MARYSVTLLE, Nov. 24.— The football
game was played here to-day between
the Waterland football team of Chico and
the Mnrysville Athletic Club's eleven and
resulted in any easy victory for the vis
itors. The score was 5 to 0. The Chico
boys showed superior knowledge of the
game and excelled in team work. Eu
gene Boyd, Frank Gilman, W. O'Brien
and Eachus did good individual work for
Marysville. The visitors made their points
in the first half, when they made a
touchdown after a long run. Despite a
heavy norther a good-sized crowd wit
nessed the contest, which was too one-
Bided to be interesting.
TULARE. Nov. 24.— The Thanksgiving
day football i^ame between the Fresno
High School team and the Tulare High :
School tf>am was witnessed by one of |
O"> largest crowds ever Been in Tulare. j
The game was called promptly at 2 p. m.
and was warm and exciting from start
to finish. It was handsomely won by the
Tulare team by a acore of 1«5 to 11. Of
the' Tulare team George Whitson, Marcus
Dewitt and Bert Hoffman covered them
selves with glory, and Fred Moore, Mer
ton Moore and Chance and Brown o£
Fresno were equally good players.
I.OS ANGELES. Nov. 24.— The Univer
sity of Southern California football eleven
defeated the cream of Pomona College to
day at Athletic Park. Score, 14 to 11. It
was a spirited game throughout. Hayes,
Pomona's fullback, was seriously hurt
and was taken from the field in an ambu
lance. The result of the game is to make
the High School team of this city the
champions of Southern California, the San
Diego High School team having forfeited j
a game to that team by its non-appear
ance here to-day.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 24.— San
Bernardino High School football team
defeated Redlands High School team this
afternoon at Athletic Park by a score of
23 to 0.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 24.— The football
game between the Santa Rosa High
School and Petaluma High School elevens
at Recreation Park this afternoon re
sulted in a score of 68 to 0 in favor of
Santa Rosa. A large crowd of spectators
was present.
SAN JOSE PLAYS A
CHAMPIONSHIP GAME
Defeats the Oakland Team in Great
Style by a Score of Fourteen
to Nothing.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 24.— 1n the ball game
to-day San Jose defeated Oakland by a
score of 14 to 0. The local team played
championship ball, with Whalen In tn<;
box, while tho visitors operated In a lacka
daisical manner that was aggravating to
lovers of the sport. Score;
OAKLANIL
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Ponovan. c. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Peeples, 2b &3b 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
Hardle, r. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 2
O'Nell. 1. f 2 0 0 0 2 2 2
Lange Hb & p 3 0 0 0 2 0 1
Bullivan, c 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
Schmeer, sb 3 0 2 0 6 2 1
BUsa. tb 2 0 0 0 B 0 1
Mosklman, 1. f. &p. 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Totals 28 0 2 0 24 8 7
SAX JOPK.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hopkins. 3b 5 0 0 0 0 3 2
Pyne, 1. f o 2 1 0 2 0 0
Riley 2b 5 3 2 0 C 2 0
McGucken, c. f 5 3 4 0 0 0 0
Hanlon. 1b 5 3 3 1 10 0 0
Bagan. ss 5 0 2 0 2 2 1
Foley, r. f 4 1112 0 0
Kent, c 3 110 5 2 0
Whalen, p 3 1 2 0 0 2 J)
Totals 40 14 16 2 27 11 3
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 3 2 0 0 2 0 3 4 »-14
Hits 4 2 1 1 3 0 2 3 •—l6
Oakland 0 00000000—0
Hits 0 01001000—2
SUMMARY:
Runs responsible for— lloskiman 6, Lansre 3.
Home runs— Kent, Hanlon. Three-base hits —
Hanlon. Pyne. Double plays — Riley to Hanlon;
Eagan to Rilpy to Hanlon; Whalen to Riley tc
Hanlon; O'Nell to Sullivan to Bliss. Bases on
Balls— Off Whalen 1, off Lange 3. Struck out—
}!y Whalen .".. by L,ange 1. Time of game— l
hour and 30 minutes. I'mplre — Charley Doyle.
Scorers — Doyle and Webber.
The Babies Won.
WATSONVILLE, Nov. 24.— The Watson
ville and Santa Cruz clubs grave a rocky
exhibition of baseball here to-day. Base
hits and errors were numerous on both
sides. Kalsz and H.irtman were the bat
tery for the Babies and the Daubenbla
brothers for the Sand Crabs. The Babies
won by a score of 17 to 8.
INTERESTING RACING
ON EASTERN TRACKS
Good Card and a Big Attendance at
the Opening of Crescent City
Winter Meeting.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 24.— The Cres
cent City Jockey Club winter meeting
opened under the most favorable auspices
to-day. Despite the recrnt rains the
track was good. Clear, cool weather and
a good card brought out an attendance
o£ 5000. Nine books drew in and handled
a large businers. The feature of the card
was the inaugural handicap, which was
won by Foster Bros.' Abuse, a prohibi
tive favorite.
One mile— Fatroon won, Debride second, Her
Favor third. Time, 1:44>4.
Six furlongs — Hlttlck won, Our Nellie second,
Fintan third. Time, 1:16.
Mile and an elgrhth— Deyo won. Clay Pointer
second. Joe Shelby third. Time, 1:57%.
The Inaugural handicap, six furlongs-Abuse
won. Diggs second. Macy third. Time.
Seven furlongs — David won. Dr. Sheppard
second, Maegle S third. Time. 1:29^.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 24.— The Washington
cup race for two and a quarter miles furnlsnea
the chief attraction at Bennings to-day. Ine
purse was (1706. Weather snowy; track fair.
Mile and a sixteenth— Knight of the Garter
won, Beau Ideal second, Banquo II third.
Time, 1:52 2-5.
Six furlongs— Terrorist won. Judge Magee
second. Sheik, third. Time, t :17.
Steeplechase, about two and a half miles —
White Garters won. Daoapod second. Last
Fell third. Time, 5:23 2-5.
Washington cup. two and a fourth miles—
Jefferson won, Maurice second, Warrenton
third. Time. 4:05 2-5.
Six and a half furlongs— Bardella won, Boney
Boy second, Diminutive third. Time. 1:24 1-5.
LEXINGTON, Nov. 24.— Five furlongs —
Prince of Orange won. Candadas second. Fries
land third. Time. 1:" T.
Six furlongs— La Salle won, Coralis second.
Spinnaker third. Time, 1:21K-
Five and a half furlongs— Errcespte won.
Parakeet second, Rnse Ash third. Time, l:l4>i.
Two miles— Great Bend won. Kittle B second.
Bethlehem Star third. Time. 3:46.
Six furlongs— High Jinks won. Primate sec
ond, Jimp third. Time. 1M.%.
TALK ONLY INCREASES
THE FAKE'S RAWNESS
Corbett and Sharkey Can Never In-
dues People to Believe They
Fought on the Square.
NEW YORK, Not. 24.— People were
still talking to-day of the fiasco indulged
in by James J. Corbett and Tom Sharkey
at the Lenox Athletic Club on Tuesday
night. Instead of decreasing, the bad
look <>f the affair is increasing, notwith
standing the vigorous denials of those
supposed to be in the "job." The state
ment of Referee "Honest John" Kelly,
made to-day in refutation of one of Cor
bett's remarks, serves only to give the as
pect of affairs a worse appearance.
"Honest John" strenuously denied that
Corbett or any of his seconds either by
word of mouth or look asked him to de
clare all bets off. And the referee of the
contest made the denial as emphatic as
it could possibly be made. It was the gen
eral opinion to-day that the explanations
and denials of Corbett. McVey and all the
rest aro so flimsy and contradictory and
transparent that the restoring to sight of
a blind man would hardly be necessary
for him to see through them.
ITALY INDULGES IN AN
ULTIMATUM TO MOROCCO
Trouble Impending Over the 11l-
Treatment and Detention of
Italian Proteges.
TANGIER, Nov. 24.— The Italian Gov
ernment has sent an ultimatum to the
Sultan of Morocco on the subject of the
detention and ill treatment of Italian pro
teges. A week has been iriven in which
to reply, ar.d the Italian warship t'mbria
will fetch the answer of the Sultan.
Another Bridge for East River.
NEW YORK. Nov. 24 —Mayor Van
Wyek has directed the Board of Public
Improvements to take prompt action on
the preliminary work for the construc
tion of a third bridge across the East
River, the structure to cost $15,000,000.
Tho Mayor has frequently declared that,
next to the erection of new schools, he
regarded the building of bridges over the
East River as tho most Important of pub
lic improvements.
Brakeman BradhofC Injured.
SI'IST'N, Nov. 24. — A hrakfman named
Bradhoff, on the southbound freight trafn,
met with a serious accident directly in
front of the Suisvin depot late last even
ing. The train was moving about twonty
miles an hour and Bradhoff was running
on top of a boxcar, when he stumbled and
fell to the ground. Both ankles were
sprained. It is feared that one will have
to be amputated. Bradhoff's home is in
Oakland.
Boasted Himself Into Jail.
HAMBURG. Nov. 24.— A dispatch from
Altona, near here, says an umbrella
maker of Ogdenburg. who boasted that he
had been chosen by lot to assassinate
Emperor William on the latter's return
from Palestine, has been sentenced to
three yearn' imprisonment, after' having
been convicted of lese majeste.
Death of Dr. Kelley.
ANGELS CAMP, Nov. 24.— Dr. "William
A. Kelley died last night at the- age of
81 years. He was one of the early set
tlers at this place, having practiced his
profession here since 1849. Of late he has
been very feeble, and gradually grew
weaker until the end came.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F W Keisel, Sacto Miss Berwick. Pac Gve
W W Douglas. Sacto R Sandwich, Pac Grov
F Sweeney, Elmlra G A yon Hembach &
T A Gill Napa w. N V
H M Laßue Jr. Saoto Mrs M Hahbard. Cal
W Hopkins, Belmont J Bruener & w Sacto
W Hull & w. Palo Alt.. C Wilder & w, " Sacto
M Morris, Crows Ldg 0 Butler. L Gatos
F R Peur. Sacto |H Butler. L Gatos
H T Jones. Cal O Van Norden, Stanfd
0 C Letter, Stanford R Van Norden. Stanfd
F Bovey, Cal W W Kemp, Stanford
H Todd, Oakland- Mis Jones, Pac Grove
E Dunne, Stockton O Schultz & s, Dixon
A Gaze, S Mateo W D Mitchell, Butte
L Gurnsey, S Mateo E Woodburn, Oakland
J A Berry, Reno jA Bailor & w. S Rosa
A Tillman&w, Suisun jj H McCune, Dlxon
J Rolson, w&c. PittsbgD E Stephens. Dlxon
St Clalr Ormsby & w, , E H Gerber, 8 Mateo
Riverside F Kaufman. Woodland
1 Burk &. W, Vallejo F E Sharkey. N V
Mrs Bennett, St Joe M O Graham, L Ang
Miss Bennett, St oJe F Daniels & w, Cal
Lulu Hox, St Joe E B Dawson, Stanford
H Cross. Cambridge W C Uawsou, Stanford
C H Leggett. Merced Mrs Fulton. Cal
J Tretjloan, Oakland E Fleming-, Pomona
H H Bell. Stanford C M Faris. Stanford
R Stroker. Stanford G M Gibson. .Stanford
C J O'Harra, Stanford Miss Gibson, Stanford
C B Stroker. Stanford W H Blair, Cal
Miss Stetson. Chicago H S Sladin, Stanford
F Dekum. Portland F T Winchell. Vallejo
F Watxon, Stanford W Kelly &. w, Vallejo
A M Joseph. Stanford J Baumann. St Louis
E W Gordon & W, Colo Mrs Grafton. Cal
W M Rice, Vancouver A Davis, Oakland
J Wilkinson, Stockton W H Seamans. Sacto
F Richard?, Stanford A Alexander Haywrds
E H Kuoppor, Stanford J Hughs & w, Salinas
O Jordan Jr. Stanford J Waters Jfc w Cal
W F Price, S Rosa C Walilron & w S C T z
A S Lee, Detroit W R Ormsby Sacto
M E Daily. Fresno H J Harris. Sacto
E Berwick, Monterey A McAllister & w Cal
W Hennlng, Stanford R Meyer. Stanford
W H Bryan, Suisun M I Wright, Stanford
Mrs G Lewis. S Rosa A T Page. Stanford
R H Van Vonhies. Sac F W Marysville Cal
II G Smith, Sacto T W Bro Ba n & w Sac
F W Moore, Sacto S L Hopkins, Sacto
G H Yost, Stanford D Corcoran, Benicia
Miss L Smith. Benicia; Miss Woodson Berkely
Miss A Smith. Benicia Miss Jullen Berkeley
W G Hudson Jr. Stnfd C Blodjjet. Bakersfieid
T S Hudson, Watson yIN T Correlin, Helena
D H Spooner, Stanford !W n<-»-npy & w Vallejo
G H Wright. Traver J V Hill Cal
E Berwick, Pac Grove Miss B Thatcher. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
J B Glldersleeve, Cal S Woolner Jr 111
Mrs Gildersleeve, Cal Mrs Woolner' 111
J F Caldwell, NY J McKoven. Pittsburg
A H Atherton, Boston H L Coleman Martini
H I Kowaleky. Belmnt D E Dresser, Saoto
Mrs A E White. Cal W L Dresser, Sacto
E L Corbin. Stanrerd A Lachman. 'Alameda
G J McCarthy. Mexico R M Allen Stanford
D T Davenport. L Ang.W Whittler, Stanford
Mr Davenport. I, Ang.W J Stone, Stanford
O Stallmann, St Lake X T Hale. Stanford
Mrs O Stalmanu & c, II f Smith. Stanford
Salt Lake A Townsend, Stanford
A Kendall. England Huso Victor, Stanford
D Desqieadelle, Boston A B West, Stanford
S Codman, Boston T Bancroft, Stanford
J Robinson, Pittsburg ■ • '""n-.-u-t, Stanford
Mrs Robinson, Pittsbg,G B T.-^daU Sacto
St Clair Ormsby. Cal JR D Meyer, Stanford
XV L Luedhard, Portld . W W Chnpue, Sacto
H H Bell. Stanford M Phillips. Stanford
B S Town. Minn IK A Hooper. Stanford
J D Sproul, Chico C Stephens. Stanford
Mrs Sproul. Chico Irene Keaff. Stanford
FAR Moore. Chico Florence Hopper. Stfd
G A Ballard, NY J Schaefer, Stanford
E E Came. Seattle Ie Sell. Stanford
R McCracken, Stanfrd ! J DaKgett. Stanford
G Fletcher, Grncs ValiF Webster. Martinez
S Fletcher, Grass VallJ Rankin. Martinez
H F Fisher. Stanford W W Wrijrht. Crockett
F W Bennett, Stanfrd I J Elliot. Martinet
XV H Losan, Stanford 'A B Shoemake, Cal
J B Wootten. Stanford; Miss Hoag, S Rafael
J B McCune, Boston ■ E X P~***r. Stanford
P C Van Vloten, Am- F McFarland, Stanfd
sterdam Helen Downing, Stnfrd
W S Mo^re L Ang ,May Klmble. Stanford
Miss M Moore, L Angi'H Shoemake. Stanford
Miss R Mom, L Anc J B Read. Itutte
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Harvey, S Jose (A Ginty, Alabama
G J Starr Isleton | Mrs Myers. Chicago
A Belew, Dixon C ZanUUUfcW. West Pt
M Casey, Sacto J U Small Chicago
W Chirm. Visalia C McDonald. Balto
C B Scott, S Cruz J F Petei-son. N V
J Dougherty. Fresno C Molloy. j.- resno
F Crossbv Suisun U Andrews, Petaluma
Miss A Baker, R Vista jC PU^her. Stockton
Miss Steel. Dyea J M Ross. N Ti
A J Auturez. Mobile :
FOREIGN STOCKS, BONDS. ETC
PARIS, Nov. 24.— Spanish fours closed at
42.57V4-
LONDON. Nov. 24.— Canadian Pacific. 87%;
Grand Trunk. 7%.
Bar silver, dull; 27 13-16 d.
MA n DRID® 2 No?f 24 C-SC -S P anish fours closed to
day at 58.35.
WBATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 24.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same data
last season, and rainfall in last 24 hours:
,5) . s - past 24 This Last
Stations- Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka »•« »™ *-J*
Bed Bluff 0.00 1.a3 4.18
Sacramento 0-00 1.»6 2.74
l a r^ nn Foranclsco":::::::::::F oranclsco":::::::::::o ranclsco "::::::::::: S:SS ?:" £8
SaT£l.Ow£o 0.00 0.66 0.93
Los Angeles 0.00 0.11 2.4»
m r ego :::::::::::::::::: feS Ml I*
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
69; minimum temperature, 46; mean, 6-.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Clear, cold weather prevails In the Pacific
Coast region. An area of high pressure la
central in Idaho, from which section the pres
sure rapidly diminishes to a depression south
of Southern California and Arizona. A high
north wind prevails through all of California.
When it ceases a severe frost will occur in
nearly all portions of the State, but probably
not severe enough to injure citrus fruit.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, November 25, 1S38:
Northern California— Fair Friday; high north
wind, diminishing in force; killing frost Fri
day.
Southern California— Fair Friday; high north
wind, diminishing In force; killing frost Fri
day night.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
Utah— Fair; cooler Friday.
Arizona— Fair Friday; norther: killing frost
Friday night.
San Francisco and vicinity— Friday;
brisk north wind.
* W. H. HAMMON, Forecast Official.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
Moon 1 *
J
S
Last Quart
*&- November
Mr.
8
U
IT
7«
y^. New Moon.
vP November 13.
-» First Quarter,
; W November 'Ju.
/Ts\ Full Noon.
vvNovembor 17.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographie
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality ami
free of expense.
Navigafors are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of chart* and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hotstel
about trn minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
CYilted States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Ray. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front fM;rslon-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of t: Ifl is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 25.
Sun rises 7:03
Sun sets 4:53
Moon sets 4:33 a. m.
O Time
f» Ft. I
m L. TV
25 ... 2:30 2.4
26 ... 3:11 2.8
27 ... 3:50 2.9
H W
28 ... 0:23 4.3
29 ... 1:11 4.3
30 ... I'- 4.4
1 ... 2:41 4.4
!H W
8:54
i 9:30
10:04
L, W
! 4:29
5:09
5:52
6:37 1
I Time
- Ft. Ft.
L. W
I 5.9 3:46 —0.2
) 6.0 4:31 —0.6
I 5.9 5:13— 0.S
H Wl
I 8.1 10:39 5.3
i 3.3 11:15 5.6
! 3.3 11:52 5.4
' 3.4 12:29 5.1
Ft.
10:3S 4.3
| 11:32 4.3
L W
5:62 — n.<?
' 6:.-!' 1 —0.7
-
; 7:44—0.3
Ft.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides axe given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th ■■»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
wfeen a minus sign — precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Navarro ;Yaqulna Bay INov. 25
i Homer Coob Bay Nov. 23
i State California' Portland Nov. 2.">
Santa Rosa San D'.ego Nov. 25
Samoa Humboldt Bay Nov. 25
North Fork HumbnliU INov. 2.1
Wellington iDeparture Bay INov. 2."
Chllkat Humboldt Nov. 2«
Burma Nanalmo Nov. 2t>
Coos Bay Newport Nov. 27
Arcata ICoos Bay Nov. J7
Leelanaw 'Seattle Nov. 27
Geo. W. Elder.. 'Portland Nov. 28
Umatllla 'Victoria & Puget Sound Nov. JS
Pomona iHumboldt iNov. 2S
Corona 'Pan Diego Nov. 29
San Bias Panama Nov. 21
Mlneola Comox Nov. 29
Fulton Portland Nov. 29
Del Norte ICreuoent City I Nov. 30
Columbia Portland [Dec. 1
; Chas. Nelson... 'Seattle iDec. 1
Orizaba INewport IDec. 1
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
! Columbia Portland Nov. 24. 10 am Pier U
! Orizaba Newport 'Nov. 25. 9 am Pier 11
! Pomona ...Humboldt [Nov. 25. 2 pm Pier 9
; Homer Coos Bay I Nov. 25, 5 pm Pier 13
! Santa Rosa. 1 San Diego Nov. 27. 11 am Pier 11
j Walla Wall Vic & Ptrt Sd. Nov. 27, 10 am Pier 9
Chllkat .... Humboldt .... Nov. 27. 2 pm Pier 13
City Sydney Panama Nov. 12 m PMS»
Coos Bay... Newport Nov. 29, 9 am Pier It
Coptic China&Japan Nov. 29. 1 pm PMSS
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 2?. 10 am er IS
State of Cal Portland , J *' ov -£* J° am ? er *J
] Cleveland . Punt Sound.. Nov. 29. » am Per 2
Moana ..... Sydney JET' 1 ?' ,? pm .S} er U
Corona San Diego Pec. 1. 11 am Pier 11
SHIPPING I\TKLLIGE!VCR
ARKI\
Thursday, November 24.
Stmr Empire. Nelson. 64 hours from Coos
«tmr Proirreso. Ollboy, $& hours from Seattle.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. IS hours from Monterey.
Itmr MacV.inaw. Littlefleld. 85 hours from
T a cieveland. Pierce. - hours from Seattle.
SAILED.
Thursday, November 24.
Mr Lakme. Klitgaard. Seattle.
Scnr Archie and Fontle Johannsen. Stew
ar Daisy Rowe. Wilson, Coos Bay. v
i Schr San Buenaventura. Langkllde, Maza-
U Stmr Columbia. Green, Astoria.
Br ship Maytield. Gray. Liverpool.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, 10 p m— Weather clear; wind
north; velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr
Sequoia, from Newport (S); schr Bella, from
Palled Nov 24— Br bark Louisiana, for — ;
stmr Sequoia, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed Nov 23— ship Vin
cent from Tacoma for Queenstown; — Br
ship Combermere. for United Kingdom; Br
ship Vlmeira, for Tacoma.
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 24 — Stmr Homer, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Nov 24— Stmr South Coast,
for San Francisco; stmr Newburg, for San
Francisco; stmr Saoma. for San Francisco;
stmr North Fork, for San Francisco; stmr
Scotia, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 24— Schr J G Wall, hence Nov
16.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov Schr Am
erican Girl, hence Nov 14.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 24— Stmr
Farallon, from Dyea.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Nov s— Br ship Marl
borough, for San Francisco.
;y; MISCELLANEOUS.
PORT TOWNSEND, Nov 24— The stmr Faral
lon arrived this evening from Dyea and reports
picking: up the steamer Utopia partially burned
off Point Arden, Admiralty Island, and towed
her to J tinea v.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 24— Stmr Alsatla,
for Marseilles; stmr Cuflc. for Liverpool; stmr
Barbarossa, for Bremen.
Arrived Nov 24 — Stmr Karlsruhe, from
Bremen. ■ ~-
ST JOHNS, N F— Arrived Nov 24— Stmr Co
rean. from Glasgow.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Nov 24— Stmr Nomadic,
for New York.
QUEENKTOWN— SaiIed Nov 24— Stmr Waes
land, • for Philadelphia: Btmr Britannic, for
New York. -••■;:-
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Nov 24— Stmr TJUbxx.
, for New York. , i^c - j^ -INCREASE IN
POSTAL BUSINESS
lndicationof the General
Prosperity.
MANY REFORMS SUGGESTED
CLERKS' CONDITIONS SHOULD
BE IMPROVED.
Bural Free Delivery Eas Proved a
Success and Its Extension Rec
ommended, by the Post
office Authorities.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, X >v. 24.— First As
sistant Postmaster General Perry
Heath has completed his annual re
port, except the portions relating to
military postoffiees at the army camps
ami in the islands of iht_- Philippines
an.rl the runil free delivery districts,
both of which await more advices.
The genera- business of the depart
ment shows en increase of over $6,000,
000 during ttik fiscal year. In all de
partmenta of -the business the prosper
ous times have made themselves ap
parent. This year there were 27,798,
tiTs domestic money orders issued,
against 26,169055 last year; the amount
carried was 2191,354,121, against $174,
•i^-.t>76. Ther'i were 235S new money
order offices established.
The reconu lendations for Congres-
Bional actior are numerous and in
teresting. ]\],r. Heath recommends that
clerks in pojbtofflces be classified and
placed upon" a fixed scale of salaries,
similar to tHat of letter-carriers, so as
to give a fair prospect of advancement
ana certainly of compensation. At
present thert> is no rule or system for
the grading of clerks at postoffices. It
is contended- that an efficient postofflce
clerk is the peer of a letter-earn
there shoulu be no discrimination in
the pay or privileges accorded to either
The hours of labor Of a letter
carrier are limited by law to eight
hours a day and he is ailowed liueen
days leave cf absence per year. Post
clerks have no limitation on their
hours and no vacation without loss of
salary. An appropriation of $60,000 is
requested for the employment of sub
stitute clerks to allow vacations. An
appropriation of $11,800,000, an increase
of $700,000 over this year, is recom
mended for the next fiscal year for
. hire. Congress having appropri
ated $-00,000 less than the department
estimate for clerk hire during the past
fiscal year, considerable embarrass
ment has ensued in meeting emergen
cies incident to the great increase of
public business.
The consolidation of postoffices is
again recommended. Congress is asked
to repeal the law forbidding the aboli
tion of a postofflce located at any
county seat by a consolidation of post
offices. The abolition of small post
s contiguous to a large office hav
:ee delivery and the establish
ment of stations and sub-stations in
lieu thereof, Mr. Heath says, has been !
found to result not only in a vastly J
improve! public service but in substan- I
tial saving in expenses, and he desires
authority to continue this plan.
Authority Is asked to make the clerk
hire appropriation apply to all < I
ces. At present an alloy _
erk hire can only be given to first
:. i class postmasters. Many
third-class postoffices # which onl:
by a few hundred dollars of re-
B from being included In the sec
ond class have so much business that it
is impossible for any one pera
properly attend to it and the postmas»
ters are constantly compelled to pay for
such clerical help as they need out of
their own salaries. There are ir.'lO third
- postoffices, 790 second class and
IT'S first class. One result claimed is
that it would remove the temptation
for postmasters to pad their receipts or
to fraudulently increase their apparent
revenues, so as to get into the second
class.
Free delivery was extended during
the fiscal year to fifty-nine offices. Ad
ditional offices entitled to free delivery
number 110. Dining the current fiscal
year service has been established at
thirty-four of these offices, leaving
seventy-six to await the consideration
of the department.
The First Assistant Postmaster Gen
eral recommends a modification of the
el!?ht-hour law as applied to letter-car
so as to provide for the eight
hours for six days' work and only as
many hours on Sunday within the
eight-hour limit as are absolutely nec
• Bsary for the requirements of the ser
vice. This recommendation is in ac
cord with the views expressed by the
convention of postmasters recently
held at Detroit, and it is believed Its
adoption would meet the approval of
the letter-carriers themselves.
Mr, Heath recommends an additional
grade of carriers, to be known as car
rier sergeants, in all cities having fifty
carriers or more, and that these posi
tions be assigned by competitive exam
inations among carriers who have
served five years or more. The duties
of these sergeants would be to super
vise the work of the letter-carriers on
their routes and to investigate com
plaii ■
He asks an appropriation for salaries
of arriers at established offices for the
next fiscal year of $12,697,200; for the
salaries of letter-carriers at new offices,
$60,000; for horse hire allowance, $410,
i ;ir fare and bicycles. $195,000; all
other Incidentals. $150,000, making a
pi and total for this service of $14,512,
200.
He recommends a repeal of the law
requiring the use of the present form
of money order in the interest of safety
and simplicity, and also authorization
for the use of a postal check payable
to bearer.
A detailed report of the operations of
the rural free delivery will be presented
within a few days. Congress increased
the appropriation for this purpose from
$60,000 to $150,000, and Mr. Heath rec
ommends, in view of the success it has
given, that an appropriation of $300,000
be made foT rural free delivery during
the next fiscal year.
ANXIOU3 TO BECOME
MILITARY GOVERNOR
General Frederick D. Grant Striving
to Get Brooke's Place in Porto
Rico.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— General Fred
erick IX Grant wishes to succeed General
Brooke as Military Governor of Porto
Rico. Grant's friends on the island are
striving hard to get the place for him.
This information was obtained to-day
when the transport Mlnnewaska brinKlntf
the First New York Volunteer Engineers
from Ponce arrived. Politics went into
Porto Rico with the first American sol
diers, and to obtain a place for Generai
Grant his fxieodfl bare laid wires to all
parta of the island. They are inducing the
nments of municipalities to provide
Indorsements and requests for him as
Governor to be sent to the President.
General Brooke, tired of work, Is coming
SHE IS ONE OF THE "BANK" LINE.
The British ships Springbank, now lying at Green-street wharf, and Hawthornbank, loading at Port Costa for
England are sister ships to the Laurelbank, now so long overdue at Astoria from Shanghai. Monday 90 per cent
reinsurance was paid on her, but since the captain of the schooner Prosper reported that he saw her late In October
the rate has dropped to 70 per cent. The Laurelbank was in the typhoon that nearly wrecked the Zealandia and the
ship Heathrteld, and as she has not been seen since the chances are against her ever being heard from again.
Another of the overdues was heard from yesterday. The Scottish Hills, now out IS2 days from Hamburg for
San Francisco, and on which 8 per cent reinsurance was paid, was spoken in latitude 42 south, longitude 34 west, on
August 22. " This news caused the rate on her to at once drop to 5 per cent.
home in January. Grant's friends expect
he will take hold then.
HARVEST OF DEAD AND
INJURED ON A TRAIN
; Derailed Coach Rolls Over Twice
and Lands in a
Ditch.
BURLINGTON, lowa, Nov. 24.—Burling
ton. Cedar Rapids and Northern passen
ger train b, due in Burlington at 6:30 a, m.,
but running four hours late, was derailed
six miles north of Burlington while round
| ing a curve to-day. The day coach, con-
I taining about twenty passengers, rolled
1 over twice and landed right side up in a
, ditch fifty feet away. The Pullman left
; tho rails, but was not ditched.
Mrs. Catherine Davis, Columbus Junc
tion, was killed.
Amanda Harmes, 2 years old, child of
August Harmes, Maxfield, Minn., had her
back broken.
Those severely Injured are:
Miss Estella Bowen, Buckhorn, 111., hip
fractured. „,, , ,
Mrs. A, E. Gates, Welcome, Minn., back
injured.
Maria Fultonhauer, Hamburg, Minn.,
scalp wound.
Slightly injured:
Myrtle Haywood, Inwa Falls, lowa.
Lizzie Mulhay, Kingston, lowa.
S. H. Wilson, Pleasant Grove. lowa,
Lurilla Danschler, Pueblo, Colo.
Glen Gates. Welcome. Minn.
A. Y. Richmond, Pitneyville, 111.
John Minister, Gallan, lowa.
Mr. and Mrs. August Harmes, Maxfield,
Mr.' and Mrs. J. C. Olrogge, Maxfield,
Minn.
John Ives, brakeman.
Andrew Vest, Fellsburg, Kans.
C. I. Kiehurtz. Assumption, 111.
Charles Johnson, Montrose, lowa,
W Kobinson. Ford River. Mich.
T. A. Bredick, Minneapolis. Minn.
■\r.ml came to this city, and at once a
relief train, with surgeons, stretchers,
dressings and supplies, started for the
scene After the wounded were cared for
they 'were brought to St. Francis ±ioa
pltal. m
EXHIBITION DRILLS OF
THE SEVENTH REGIMENT
Broad Acres of Agricultural Park the
Stage for a Series of Interesting
Maneuvers.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 24.— A tremendous
crowd gathered early this afternoon at
.Itural Park to witness the exhibi
tion drill of the Seventh Regiment. It was
the finest military exhibition ever seen in
this city The broad acres of the park
were the stage for a series of spirited
maneuvers, wlm drills in company, bat
talion and regiment, a skirmish drill and
sham battle, in which Company C acted
on the defensive against Companies A.
F and I, and was triumphantly van
quished after climbing three fences.
There was also a parade review and some
physical exercises to music. One of the
most unique features was the staking out
of a camp with the shelter tents.
The companies as they marched In re
view at the end of the pa.rade and at the
review by General C. F. A. Last were
.1 by thunders of applause, each line
being as straight as a broomstick.
One of the hits of the exhibition was the
performance of the band, under Princlnal
Musician Hcydenreieh, in "pounding off"
with Sousa's "Semper Fideles Maroh,"
with the bugle accompaniment. It was a
great Thanksgiving day for the regiment
and for its friends. One or two of the
companies had a moderate holiday feast
sent in from their towns— a pleasing
change from the camp fare.
EISLER NOT THE NAME
OF THE DEAD BANDIT
The Former Found Alive and at
Work on the Bailroad at
Danby.
SAN BERNARDINO. Nov. 24.—Detec
tive Hume has telfgraphed Sheriff Hol
comb that he has found Eislor at Danby
still alive and working on the railroad.
Staler is the man supposed to have been
killed in the Santa Fe hold-up near Bar
stow. The body of the dead train robber
was brought to this city and buried as
Eisler. The discovery of Elsler still alive
leave the body of the train robber uniden
tified.
SALE OF THE ST. JAMES.
Now the Property cf James Camp
bell, the Hawaiian Mil
lionaire.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 24.— The purchase of
the St. James Hotel has iif-on completed
and James Campboii. the Hawaiian mil
lionaire, entered Into possession to-day.
He will spend about tiiO.ooo in improve
ments, making the building five stories '
and fireproof throughout.
Death of a Famous Bacehorse.
DENVER. Nov. 24.— Sulphide, the fa
mous racehorse, owned by A. V. Hunter
of Leadville, died to-day while undergo
ing an operation for paralysis of the \
larynx. He was five yearß old. His sire j
was Superior, dam Mamie H.
Applauds the Firemen.
Robert Dlckson. formerly chairman of !
the Fire Department committee of the i
Board of Underwriters of this city, and !
at present United States manager of the j
Royal Exchange Insurance Company,
having been apprised by wire of the no- I
ble efforts of the Fire Department at the '
recent conflagration, sent the following
complimentary telegram to Chief Sulli- j
van: ■ •".'. "' ;
NEW YORK, Nov. 24. 1898.
Dennis K. Sullivan, Chief ' Engineer, Fire I
Department, San Francisco— Accept my con- I
gratulations on the masterly way in which you :
handled the Baldwin fire. Hope Towe is not j
badly hurt. ROBERT DICKSON.
« ♦ ■
The faculty of philosophy of the Uni- ,
versity of Munich have conferred the
honorary degree of doctor upon Lady
Blennerhasset in recognition of her
labors in the field of English, German, j
French, and Italian literature. |
TJTE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1898.
NEGRO SOLDIERS
RESUME RIOTING
Two Have Been Slain
and Many Wounded.
I GRAVE FEARS ENTERTAINED
ENCOUNTER MAY OCCUR BE
TWEEN THE RACES.
Whites of Anniston, Ala.. Incensed
and the Disturbing Element Is
Being Arrested as Fast
as Possible.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANNISTON, Ala., Nov. 25.— Rioting
between white and negro soldiers be
gan yesterday, and was kept up at in
tervals until the present time — 1 a. m.
So far two negro soldiers have been
killed, five white ones wounded, two
desperately, and a number of negro
soldiers are known to be wounded, but
have been hidden by friends.
The provost guard is unable to check
the rioting. A battalion from each
regiment is now under arms, and the
city is covered by a close picket line,
surrounding the entire negro camp.
The most serious riot occurred on
Fifteenth street, a tough part of the
city, where the provost guard detail
was attacked by several hundred negro
soldiers. The guard was not supplied
with cartridges until after several en
gagements. The armory of the Wood
stock guards was broken into by citi
zens and 2000 rounds of cartridges and
fifty guns were given the white sol
diers.
Rioting is still in progress, and the
gravest fears are entertained that an
encounter will take place between the
negro regiment and the whites. Feel
ing is running high, and the white sol
diers are terribly incensed and may kill
many negroes before morning.
An ambulance has just come to the
provost camp, bringing one dead and
one dying negro. Saloons have been
closed by orfler of General Frank, and
will remain closed until the trouble
Every negro found to-night is being
arrested and locked up on the general
charge of rioting, if no more specific
charge is filed. Nearly every one of
them is armed, and they are sullen and
vicious. Not less than 1000 soldiers are
now on guard, and officers are making
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*%tp *V>*
SIR ■ — — ■ ' : "^5
1 $4,50 to $10,00. I
9 MANY NEW STYLES. f
i i
! ICKELHEIMER BROS., I
| Near Kcarny Street. 20 GEARY STREET. °
vt^MA)/Aly WHEN YOU ! Baja California
«Pste"a7 i re DAMIANA BITTERS
i^^»s^j. V - *^^tfW L "-^' & Dl "'■ Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonic
t fcpsfi3ls&£2ir PlerCB's" and VOU Will for the sexual and urinary organs of both
/•irtxHUW /I '■" rleltC3 ,"" J . ' sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
V!*v\£«Ej!^e-_. .Tf\ s not be disappointed, kidneys and ■ bladder. A great Restorative,
iw l^ ' r .. „.. .jhpac« PIFBPF Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
*^t^— Call or aaaress ntKUt Merlts; no ions-winded testimonials necessary.
•I ELECTRIC CO., 620 NABER. ALFS & PRUNE. Agents.
, , u,l\ q r 323 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
Market it. (opp. Palace Hotel), S. F. . . . . .
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
<J2t"» KEARSV ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. . Debility or
disease wearing on bod vnndinlnd and
Skin Diseases. The dociorcureßwhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low
« 'or«|[uar»nlffd. Callorsvrita
TION. Torpid Liver. Wea* Biomaca, jriia i a) r . J. I'. UIBBOJf, Box 1957. 5ag Francisco.
and purify the blood. ; j -=^==^;^^=^!!!^=^=r===r=;
~ BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Crossman's Specific Mixture ""^jsj-ssjsj^*
with this remedy percons can cure them- i Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
selves without the least exposure, change of 9:« a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
diet or change in application to business. The Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
•medicine contains nothing of the least injury Sundays 10:30 a. m and 3 p. m.
ito the constitution. Auk your druggist for It. . Landing and offices-Mission Dock. Pier 4.
I Prlc. $1 a bottle l Telephone Muln 1508.
every effort to keep down further riot
ing and prevent further loss of life.
Services at Bush-street
Synagogue.
Rabbi Meyer preached yesterday at the
Thanksgiving services held in the Bush
street Synagogue. He chose for his text:
"Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good."
In part he said:
The =pirit of ancient Israel has evidently en
tered the hearts of the people of America. To
day millions of our fellow citizens are offer
ing thanks to the great Benefactor for mani
fold blessings Bhowered down on this eurthly
paradise. All animate nature forms one chorus
ol praise In thanking: the Creator of all. How
n u.-h more should man. the high priest, feel
thankful tn God for his mental and spiritual
powers anil ior his capacity to love even as
<:'"i himself.
The Jews in this country should feel grate
ful for enjoying civil and religious liberty and
for dwelling in a land where all men are recog>
nized, more nn<i more, to brothers to children
of the same heavenly Father.
Y. M. C. A. Thanksgiving Dinner.
The seventeenth annual dinner of the
Young Men's Christian Association was
given at the Association building yester
day. There were present many young- men
who were strangers to the city, and they
all enjoyed themselves immensely. They
were the guests of the Mothers' Club of
the association. Mrs. D. C. Wright pre
sided during the day. About 400 were
present, including many students of Stan
ford and Berkeley universities. After
dinner speeches were made, and many
S>i> asant reminiscences of past days in the
association work were related. Ladles
from all the churches participated in the
reception. There was a homo gathering in
the evening, at which speeches, recita
tions, songs and music were in order.
Made the Poor Happy.
The ladies of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association, 1259, through the kind
ness of numerous friends and many of the
leading merchants, were enabled to pro
vide Thanksgiving dinners for over 100
families who are without means. Many of
them had not had such a dinner for
years, and it seemed impossible for them
all to express fully their gratitude for the
thoughtfulness of the ladies. The ladies
taking an active interest in the work
were: Mrs. W. O. Gould. Mrs. A. R. Bald
win, Mrs. 1. N. Morse, Mrs. H. J. Sadler,
Mrs. W. Gunn, Mrs. G. W. Prescott, Mrs.
J. Spruancf. Mrs. J. L. ilartel, Miss L.
Reed and Miss M. Farquharson.
Native Sons Entertain.
Bay City Parlor No. 104, Native Sons of
the Golden West, gave a merry minstrel
show and dance in Native Sons' Hall last
night. Assisted by the Knickerbocker
quartet and the line of Jokers, strength
ened by Louis Van Vllet and Walter (.".
Feisel, prominent amateur comedians.
Bay City Parlor entertained the large
gathering royally. Every one who at
tended the entertainment went there in
search of fun and did not go away dis
appointed. When the black-faced min
strels announced the conclusion of their
entertainment the hall was cleared of
chairs, and the dance began and did not
conclude until after midnight.
VERT OLD WORDS.
Take the words corn and storm.
These words were spelled in the year
700 precisely as they are spelled now,
having preserved their apparent form
(with the loss of the trilled r in South
ern England) for 1200 years to our cer
tain knowledge. Hence these words
must be of extreme antiquity, and it be
comes difficult to limit the time of their
origin.— Walter W. Skeat in Notes and
Queries.
" ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
fly* w— ii jr \ M ' *t vL la»l^r " A
mm. S^&^B&sL <- f w *\ %
I Piper Heidsieck |
|| Plug Tobacco j |
(j when marching, fighting, or camp- '%
<P ing. It's "a steadier/' It relieves €L
% the parched taste in the mouth that #
% comes when waiting attack, or 2?
i[ just the right moment to advance* 9
I CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR. I
* fc ' i
j f If r»
r -,,J
occasion, fone^day, 'to^dictatejfto a stenographer in the business 6ffic«
of one of the treat Philadelphia newspapers, I remarked that his duties must b«
tiresome and di..icult from l>eing obliged to write down notes of what so many differ-
ent persons said and, therefore, compelled to accustom himself to all sorts of articula-
tion. "Yes," was his reply, "very few people realize the exacting labor such a
position entails. A clear head is absolutely necessary and the least illness often
seriously affects the correct performance of my work. For instance, I at one timo
suffered from a stomach trouble brought on, I suppose, by eating cold lunches hastily,
as is necessary with me, and I finally felt that the trouble would break me up. You
know a disordered stomach is invariably the root of any head trouble and of all
things a stenographer's head must be clear. I finally found an effective remedy in
RIPANS TABULES which I saw advertised in our paper. They are magical in their
effects, and, by the way, did you ever see anything of the sort put up in such superb
shape ? I have found that they seem to rectify nearly every ill, for several of my friends
have taken my prescription .of a Tabule now and then with results for which they hava
heartily thanked me. The dull, heavy headaches I sometimes had are all gone now.
If I take dictation from a man who annoys me and makes me nervous I always take a
Tabule at the time, and if his breath is not sweet I give one to him."
A new style rjwfcet coirtatnlDS is* tabtojs In a paper carton (without civ*) is now for mle •« some dra(
«tor»»--»OB Jitb c»KT3. This low-priced lor. Is Intended for y»ix>o«- ajid the «conomJc»l. On «sSSfT O riSi
tiro-rent cartons (120 t*boles> ran be hart by mall by KWidlnff forfy-eirbt oenta to the Hxpahs CatMlOkl. Cos*
iLirr Ho. 10 £aruce Strott. Now York— or • single carton (TKjr Lißousi will bo son* tor fire occM.
OCEAN TBAVEL. OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co, Mf^rtkUWj^'J^j^
L. Steamers leave Broadway ff x^HSCfa ™ a *" W Auckland for Sydney
wharf, Han Francisco: flY&lfit S^f 1 ?^ 1 ™
■ l^^SV For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.. MHM ■'Ni 1111 nil 1 •"■ i, at o aintbatta
W*CW Nov.'". Dec. 2'2 ' transfer at j l|W»llSniP J J ]s fc^^n^lu
•W®^ S For Victoria. Vancouver (B. tgjT - @I]R^ Wed nesday. December
F*sgsm ?a'comf ivim^Anacort^ to CO(!ILuAKmE, 14 Aust^la?and CAPE ,
I Tacoma, l-^erttt. /wish 1 in TOW IS, South Africa.
and New "Whatcom (Wash.), 10 T " T^pßFr-TCF'T %^rt?oc« *rn 1...1.
a m., Nov. 27. Dec. •> and J. D. SPRECKELS BROS & CO.. Agents.
fo V Th y,y ,s fi co h mp^'B h ireamrra^i f^ !T£ Freight oface-m-Marke^^^af^cVco.
N Ry at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.. at Van- .
C0 For r Eu«ka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Nov. RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
25 30 Dec. 5, and every fifth' day thereafter. . . ; ; ;—; —
ca^cor^ort^iaVfo^^' i£fi ffiS wnDTU PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
Gavlota Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. 11 11 1 11 IrIUKIU UUHOI linlLnUnlli
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Via Sausalito Ferry.
Newport, 9a. m.. Nov. 25. 29, Dec. 3. ana every FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
fourth day thereafter. • AND BAN RAFAEL.
For |an Diego, f opping^onl> at Port Har- WEEK DA YS-»7:2O. »9:30, 11:00 a. in.; 1:46.
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, -00 fi . 3()
Los Angeles and Redondo 4 n «« I " ) t ' h EXTRA TRIPS-F^r San Rafael on Monday,
m., Nov. 27. Dec.l, and every fourtn day WednesdayB and Saturdays at U:3O p. m.
thereafter. Magdalen. Bay. San Jose del t SUNDAYS— •B:OO, n0:00. mM a..m.; naS. ;
. For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose ael •
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata La Paz, Santa Roealia 8 -^ alnB 3 ° m « r 1 5 ed P -. ™ to San Quentin.
and Guaymas (M«.), 10 a. m., Dec. 15. Jan. FIK , M " SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
12 Feb. 9. Mar 9, Apr. 6. f/ , Mo _ I WEEK DAYS— S:2S. '6:35, 7:15, »9:30. a. m.;
For further Information obtain folder. \«12:20, 2:20. »3:45. 6:05 p. m.
The company reserves the right to change I EXTRA ' TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
a tflfeißa* f ffiWri«l»-4 New Montgomery n^tf\T&Xn¥:™. 10 ™' ""* *
street (Palace Hotel). Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts.. FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
10 Market at., San Francisco. WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45, 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
.— ~"~ "— 12:35, 2:45, 3:50. 5:20 p. in. -
THE fl D S. li nfl EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
int. Ui 111 Qb Mi UUi . and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO B-iP^rPm^ 00 ' X ° : ° s "* ' *** X * ''*'
"trS T? T 1 T A. TvT'n ' THROUGH TRAINS.
XT V_*/ -l.Aw» JL JJ — 1 _/rX X>J J— / 7:20 a. m. week days— Caaadero and way sta'n*.
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m. 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills v and way
FARE 2 5 F e!To SS n d C1 cf aa 3 S , lD m%l?>r ht '■«>. m" s'u^ay-Duncan Mill, an d way t,-,,
COLUMBIA sails Nov. 24, Dec. 4, 14, 24 .
STATE OF CAL. sails Nov. 29, Dec 9, 19, 29
H^r%a^%^ u £ «o e rth u e£ THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
Through tickets, to^^ntg^-t.- A^nt. VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
630 Market street. From Nov. 10, 1898. trains will run as follows:
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., —
Superintendents. South-bound. North-bound. .
Compagnie Generals Transatlantique. *%£*, ay • SSSs& ' P^ D -
(French* Line) " Dally. Exc'ptd StatloM. Exc'ptd Daily.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS 8 "20 am 1 10:30 am Stockton 8:45 pm 5:50 pm
(FRANCE). SaiUng every haturduy £&&& iSIo am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:03 pm
at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North ,-KUiflt^ , ]# s:Bopm Fresno. 9:3oam 2:3Jpm
River; foot of Morton street. T -. pr , I 12:3Spm 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:35 pm
LA TOURAINE -^ ec in I :20: 20 pm 12:30am Bakersfleld 2:30 am 11:25am
La BHAi?pA cfN- E:::v."E :::v."- ;.v.v.v::::::-.v^:De ee c 0 : i 1 :6s » in i B:Sopm VlBalta t:Mam I:lSpia
LA BRETAGXE .......Dec. 24 Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
LA NORMANDIE Dec. 31 Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
First-class to Havre $90 and upward. 5 per | California Navigation and .Improvement Com-
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to pany leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. daily,
Havre $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip. excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 6 p. m. '
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES daily.
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green, New York. For stage connections see official time tablt
• J. F. FUGA7-I & CO., Pacific Coast Agent*. 5 j or inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Mar-
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco. ( ket street, San Francisco. ; .'^
AUCTION SALES.
MAGNIFICENT UPRIGHT PIANOS,
ELEGANT PARLOR, CHAMBER AND DIN-
ING ROOM -FURNITURE, RICH
CARPETS. ETC.
CONTAINED IN 19 ROOMS.
COR. CALIFORNIA AND POWELL,
TO-DAY (FRIDAY). AT 11 A. M.
Full particulars in Chronicle.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market Bt.
BAILHOAD TBAVEL.
riiKRN pacific CO3IFAITT.
\ (PACIFIC sVsfKM.)
Trains »*«»«■ nn>l arc <!••«• ««» nrrltn at
NAN rEAHCUHW.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lsavs — Frow Not. 3, 1898. — a»rit»
•0:OOa Nil«B. San Joao and Way Stations... *8:43l
7:00a Benlcia, Suit un hu<.l Sacramento. ... 1 0:43a
7:OOa MarysTille, Oro»iUeand Redding via
Woodland 3:tsp
7:00a Elmlra, Vacaville and Him. 13r
7:30a Martinez, Hau Ramon, Valiejo. Napa,
Ca]intoga and Santa Roea ' O:IS?>
8:OOa Atlantic Kxprexs, Ogilfti and Kast.. 8:45r
SiUOa San Jose, HtockUm, Valley Spring.
lone, Sacramento, Mftrysville, •
Chico, Tehama and Ue.l 111u1T.... 4il»p
»:HOa Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown. . 7: 1 5 r
•<«:iiOA Milton •7:15r
•iO<la Martinet. Tracy, Lathrop. Heroed
and Fresno lt:lSr
•(••A Fresno, ISakersOeld, .Santa H,irh»ra,
Los Angeles, Dealing, £1 Paso,
■ New Orleans and East 0:45*
Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and Mar-
tiner 6:43p
]O:OOa Vall.-j.i, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43*
•l:OOp Sacramento lti»er Steanirr* »U:O«»p
1 :OUp NUes. San Jose and Way Stations ... 11 :43a
San Jose, Niles ami Way Stations. . . 1»:13a
B:<M»p Niles, Tracy, Mendota, flani rd and
Visalla 4:1«»
....... Lherrnore, San Jose, Nilea and Way
Stations JIOjISa
4ioor Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, ('ulisti)Ka, Kl Venuio and
HhiiU Kosa i »i 1 5*
4i<M»r Benioia, VacaTille, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Mt»ryB»ll!e, Oro-
»illf and HacritiuenUt I»:4I«
4iSOp Haywar.ls, Ml«s aud San Jose 7:43a
OiOOp Martinez, Tracy. Mundota, Fresno,
M»Jave, Sauta Barbara and l.os
Angeles B:4SA
SiO«p Santa Ve lloute. Atlantic Express ■
fui Mojare and Knst 6:45f
*3ioop "Pacific Coast Limited," Bl Paso,
Fort Worth, Lktlo Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago an d East J6:43r
5:30p Nllea, San Jone, Tracy, l.athrop,
Merced and Fresno
BiSOp Stockton 12»1."»»
•:««)• Kurnpeau Mail, Ogden and Uast.... O:4Sa
•6toop Vall.jo 1»:18P
t7iOOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Bta-
tlons.: J»:43»
»!»•!• Oregon K*presa,Hacraineni. 1, Marys-
fllie. Redding. roitlaii', I'tiKet
Boiinfl and Kiist • 8iI»A
' KAN LKAM>K() AMI lI4VWM(»S LOCAL.
- (foot of Market Str»<>t.) §
1 Melrose, Senilnnry ark, '(
B.oOa »Hclibur|r, Klmha^f, .»V\Vt
*" :o ** San I.eandro,So«lhiSaii 'J^tst
AVSii i 1 . B dro,»>|«,iuji,, s^s*
118:OOm ' Lorenzo, Uerr/ ■ tls43p
il:OOp „ and J :«.IIP
3:00p llajnnra*. ■ (3<4<lp
?:«Op < Runs through to Nile*. 7:43*
J t From Nlles. ; I %
COAST DIVISION (Narnin tiange). '
(Foot of Market Strt-et.) -
8:15a Newark.Centerrllle.San Joae.Felton,
Boulder Creek.SantaOruz and Way '
Stations B»8f)»
•SilSp Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Station* •l«iB0»
4i 1 8 p Newark. Han Jose and Los Gates... *:20a
flli4Sp Hunters' Excursion. San Jose and ~ •
Wr- Stations t7»»o|
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnmSll mXCISCO— Foot or Marktt Street (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00*. M. {1:00 '2:00 t3:0l
•i:00 tB:OO ♦6:00r.M.
from OAKUSD— root »'. Braid war. —'6:oo 8:00 10:00l.lt.
tl2:00 '1:00 t2:00 *3:30 tl:QO '5:03p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
: (Third and Townsend Sts.)
7soOa Sau Jose and Way Stations (New '
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:301
0:00* San June, Trea Fiuoa. Hanta Crux,
Paoillc I. rove, Paso Robles, Ban
Luis Oblipo, Quadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:101
IOUi Sau Jose and Way Stations •«:««>»
11:3Oa San J«*e aud Way Stations 8:33«
•2:45j- San Mateo, Redwood, Zlenlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
, Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
J Salinas, Monterey aud Paciflo
Gro»e 'IOiJII
SanJoseandWay Stations 09:004
•4:13p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 «
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:»3j
3:SOr San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3:301
«::tol> San Jose aud Way station* 7:80]
f11:43p San Jose aud Way Stations 7:»0l
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* excepted. J Sundays only, t Saturdays only
Mondays and Thursdays. ISatordays and Wednesdays
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI..
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: U:«5.
2:80, 6:10, i:3O p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:54
and 11.30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:80, 11:00 a. m.; 1:80. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. 13:45.
j 8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips .at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 3:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. S:4«.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San FrancUco.
1 -October 16, —
Week Sun- 1898. Sun- | Week
Days. days. Destination. da., s. Day*.
7:3oam 8:00am Novato, 10:40am S:4oan»
B:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25am
6:lopm 6:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:85 pm 6:22 pra
Fulton,
7:10 am Windsor, 10:25 ana
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
S:Sopzn 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:36 pm 6:22 pm
Hopland and
7:Soam 8:00am Ukiab. 7:35pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Ouerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm i:22pm
7:3oam 8:00am Sonoma 13:40am B:4oam
and
B:10pm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22pm
7-30 am 8:00am Sebastopol. 10:40 am|l0:25 am
3 :Bo pm 6 :00 pm| 7:35 pm| 6:2lpm
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at <-»ey-
Berville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan bpnngs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
! Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
1 Seringa ; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Sprites, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. Bucknell's.
Sartaedrin Heights. Hullville, Boonevllle, Orr'a
I Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal. Wlllttts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
i re On C< Sunda'ys round trip tickets to all point*
| beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office*. 650 Market St., Chronicle bUfc
H. C. WHITING. m R- X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited
Santa re Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-.
Cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesdav— Arriving in New
York at 1:3O P. M.Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, "BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKffFICE— §21 MARKET SI,
TKLEPHnNE MAIN 153L
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara 3k
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. U, 1898:
Week Days— 9:Bo a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
I THOS. COOK & SON. Agents. 6M Market
i gtreet, San Francisco.
910
TAYLOR OR
TIFFANY MAY
BE PROMOTED
Bishop's Resignation
a Big Surprise.
PASSENGERS ARE ANXIOUS
A CHANGE MAY CAUSE AN
INCREASE OF FARE.
Many Reasons Given for the Change.
Present Condition of the Iloads
Needs a Manager's Con
-';ant Attention.
Oakland OffiVe San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Nov. 2i.
The 700 streetcar men of Oakland, Ala- j
meda and Berkeley who are employed by
the Realty Syndicate were greatly sur
prised to learn tjiat on December l there
is to be a change of general managers
and that Ira Bishop had already resigned.
On account of the prominent part taken
by Mr. Bishop In City Council matters re
lating to franchises and also to the Lako ,
Merritt dredging matter his resignation was
generally thought to ™>:\n that he would
remain in control until the many changes
he has inaugurated in the syndicate sys
tem had been carried out. It was an
nounced to-day that Mr. Bishop would re
tiri on the first of next month
No intimation has yet been given by
of directors as to who will sui
Mr. Bishop, but it is understood that Oie '
choice if between Assistant Manager Tif- j
fany Superintendent Potter and Secre
tary Sam Taylor, while ex-Chief of Police
Charles E. Lloyd is also mentioned.
The change of general managers is an ,
event of great interest to the thousands of
people who daily travel over the syndi- i
li: ., s, as v may moan that there
will be no more 4-cent fares. It is said ;
that on.- of the reasons why a change
will be made is that there is a desire on
the part of the directors to recall thai
system of transfers which permits a pas
• to ride from the entire easterly
end of Alameda to the heart ol Berkeley
for o, ■ I his riae was formerly 10
cents but until two weeks ago it was but
t ' s on November l the general man
leer Btopped the Bale of tickets, and 6
cent fares are now paid. An official ol the <
CO ™?ils y immense system of roads, em
nloving over 7"" men, reaulresf the <■""-
Btaht attention of a general manager. Mr.
Bishop has so much other business to at
tend to iii San Francisco that It Is impos
sible for him to give the necessary lime
to the railroads. During the past year
the entire system has been broken up,
and tlie various branches now need a
Mention. Ther.' has been
much complaint of cars not running fre
quently enough, of lines being abandoned |
and of there being no connections at
transfer points.
"All these are naturally the result of ;
the" many changes being made in the ;
- and the rearrangement of fran
chises and they demand close attention to
bring them up to a point of perfection.
When the syndicate acquired the various
liius none of them were paying and Gen- I
oral Manager Bishop started in to put I
affairs on an economical basis and his plan
is very comprehensive. He has it pretty
Well laid out now. but, of course, it is not j
an agreeable task, for the public is bound !
to kick. Mr. Bishop realizes that he can
not give the necessary time to it, so he |
has resigned/"
THANKSGIVING IN OAKLAND.
All Denominations United in Praise
Services.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
90S Broadway, Nov. 24.
The local .churches united to-day in j
holding general Thanksgiving service?, j
under an arrangement decided upon at a .
recent meeting of the Ministers' Union, :
held in the Galindo Hotel. Union services ;
■were held at the First M. E. Church,
where Rev. Charles R. Brown delivered an i
interesting sermon, while Rev. J. K. Kno- j
bell presided over similar services in the
Tenth-avenue church.
There was a grand-demonstration by the
Salvation Army to-night, including a very
creditable street parade, and Dr. Coyle's
First Presbyterian Church was crowd d to
the doors with a throng eager to listen to ;
the words of Mrs. Booth-Tucker, who de- I
livered a stirring address. j
The 289 Inmates at the County Jnfirmary
had special reasons to be thankful. All
seemed happy and fairly well to-day as
they satisfied the inner man with nineteen j
roast pigs and apple sauce, topped off
with mince pie.
At the City Prison the festive roast tur- ,
key is never served, and the twenty-nine i
prisoners shared almost the same fare as i
the forty-live Incarcerated at the County ;
Jail, where the substantial dish consisted
of cornbeef and cabbage.
The patients at the Receiving Hospital— !
at least those whose -condition did not
'spoil their appetites— fared bjest of all, for
the matron. Miss McDonald, prepared tur- I
key stuffed with oysters.
Exposition Baby Show.
OAKLAND. Nov. 24.— At the exposition I
to-morrow afternoon the baby show will j
be the chief attraction. The following is i
the list of entries: Mrs. Eva Scott, two
little girls; Mrs. J. F. Smith, baby boy,
Mrs. A. F. Mass, baby boy; Mrs. C. i
Carew, baby girl; Mrs. M. E. Dunn, twins;
Mrs. E. A. Star key, baby girl; Mrs. T. J. ;
Allen, baby girl; Mrs. Nellie E. Mathews, |
baby girl; Mrs. C. Btegmar, baby; Mrs.
T. P. Hogan, baby boy, and girl; Mrs. J.
J. Barnett, baby boy; Mrs. J. H. van Nel- j
son, baby boy; Mrs. J. L. Jackson, baby
boy: Mrs. P. Reader, baby boy. The com
mittee having the details In charge is as |
follows: Mrs. William R. Davis, chair- :
man. Mrs. Prentlss Selby, Mrs. Richard
W. Gorrill. Mrs. 11. K. Cooke, Mrs. Wil
lard F. Barton, Mrs. Wallace Everson,
Mrs. George W. Dornin, Mrs. J. H. Wil- ,
son, Mrs. A. V. Chamberlain, Mrs. S. M. :
Oilman. Mrs. A. C. Kirk, Mrs. Rein: Cha
bot, Mrs. Alfred W. Burrell, Mrs. J. P.
McCabe, Mrs. H. E. Powell. .
Dropped Dead.
OAKLAND. Nov. 24.— Mrs. C. C. Jones,
Stepmother of Mrs. George Cook, dropped
dead this evening while visiting friends
at 510 Sixth street and shortly after hav
ing eaten a hearty Thanksgiving dinner.
Mrs. Jones resided on Grove street with
her stepdaughter, whose husband was
stabbed at the County Infirmary recently
by Merlin Flora, who died a few days j
ago at the County Jail.
■» • .
Charitable Work of Children.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 24.— The little folks
who had charge r>f the school children's
entertainment given to provide a Thanks- I
giving dinner fur the poor children of the I
city are busy preparing the good things j
that are to load the banquet tables. The I
dinner will be given next Saturday after- I
noon at Masonic Temple. The children !
who managed the entertninment and par- I
tlclpated in the programme have exclu
sive charge of the spread.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 24.— The Alameda
Boat Club will make an extensive addi
tion to its boat huu.se at the foot of
Chestnut street. A large glan conaerva> I
tory will be constructed, and the present i
meeting room and boat house proper will ;
he enlarged. The club met last evening !
and decided to give an entertainment in
December to help defray the expenses of i
the improvement. William Hansen,
Theodore Kisfei-it. David Qreenleaf,
Frederick Cone and H. Wilhelmi were
appointed a committee to take charge of
the affair.
The banquet to be given by a number of
Alameda citizens to Sheriff-elect Oscar
Rogers which was postponed on account
of the shooting of Police Officer Keyes, !
will take place next Tuesday night in San !
Francisco.
The Brotherhood of Andrew and Philip
has elected the following officers; W. YV~. '
Anderson, president; J. H. Flrehammer,
vice president; S. A. Ross, secretary; C.
L. Herman, treasurer.
BRANDES NOW
BREAKS DOWN
AND WEEPS
Realizes His Serious
Predicament.
DEUPREY MAY DEFEND HHVI
ATTORNEY AND PRISONER
HAVE A CONSULTATION.
The Accused Man Spends Thanks
giving in Sorrow and Tears
While Mrs. Brandes Im
proves.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
POS Broadway. Nov. 24.
William A. Brandes, charged with the
murder of his 13-year-old daughter. Lil
lian Brandes. is manifesting a realization
of the seriousness of his predicament.
When Brandes was first placed in a
cell at the County Jail he talked without
.heck. He charged that his enemies in
Berkeley were trying to railroad him to
the penitenltiary or to the gallows. He
had every hope apparently that the Coro
ner's jury would exonerate him of the
charges that had already been openly
made against him, and when the verdict
finally pointed to him as his daughter's
cruel* slayer he decided to talk no more.
But to-day Brandes wept. He wept bit
terly and long. Instead of pacing up and |
down the smooth floor of his cell, as he
had been wont to do since his incarcera
tion—he lies down most of the time and
sobs and moans, and finds no solace In
thought or rest and peace in sleep;
grumpy when the jailer seeks to
minister to his needs, and deter
mined to talk no more about 1 .. the
crime which tills his mind. His health Is
not the best; in fact, he Is considered as
getunl into "poor shape" for the ordeal
of a preliminary hearing and trial.
It is Quite likely that Eugene Deuprey,
who eft no stone unturned and no point
in law untested In defending Theodore
I urrant and only recently saved the neck
of Nathaniel Meadors, who was acquitted
of murdering Jonas I ry at ( amp Barrett,
will appear in Brandes 1 defense.
Attorney Deuprey called at the County
Jail to-day and held a long consultation I
With the prisoner, and when he left the
Impression prevailed that he would de- 1
fend Brandes, though the latter is gen
erally supposed to be penniless.
Later in the day Wickliffe Matthew ar.d
still later Attorney Bennett were closet
ed'with the prisoner, but the latter had
nothing to give out as to whom lie had
retained as counsel.
Mrs. Brandes. who is charged with be- \
ing an accomplice, is daily improving and
regaining her former composure, She Js ■
no longer Qdgety and nervous and ap- j
pears to be refreshed after her night s
sleep Since her husband's arrest she has |
not seen him or been allowed to com- |
municate with him in any way.
WISCONSIN SPECIAL
ARRIVES TO-DAY
PLANS TOR LAUNCHING THE
BATTLE SHIP.
Banquet to the Visitors to Be Oiven
at the Palace Hotel Saturday
Evening.
The party coming from the Badger
State to attend the launching of the
battle ship Wisconsin at the Union Iron
Works at 9:30 a. m. to-morrow will ar
rive on a special train early this morn
inpr
Irving M. Scott was yesterday advised
by wire of the progress of the party. The
Wisconsin visitors will be mot at Oak
land by Mr. Scott ond others and escort
i ed to the Palace- Hotel. After the guests
I arrive plans for their entertainment will
be completed. Apart from the ceremonies
lat the Potr^ro on the occasion of the
launching and a dinner at the Palace Ho
. Tel on Saturday evening, no other plans
! have bef>n made by the Vnlon Iron Works.
It Is expected that Governor-elect Gage,
■ Hugh Craig, president of the Chamber
of Commerce, Mayor Phelan and other
leading citizens will attend the dinner at
the Palace to-morrow evening.
The Governor of Wisconsin Is not
among the coming guests, but the Lieu
tenant Governor is with the party. Isaac
' Stephenson and also Elizabeth Stephen
son, the young lady who will have the
■ honor of christening the superb ship, are
aboard the Wisconsin special.
Henry T. Gage, Governor-elect, accom
panied by Mrs. Gage and their little
; daughter. Lucille, will arrive from Los
' Angeles this morning to attend the
launching ceremonies at the L'nion Iron
Works.
At the proper signal Lucille will touch
the button and thus put in motion the
I launching machinery.
Following is a list of the visitors to ar
rive on the Wisconsin special this mnrn
! ing: Hon. Isaac Stephenson, Miss Eliza
beth Stephenson, Miss Hattie Stephenson,
Colonel I. Watson Stephenson, Master
Grant Stephenson, Mrs. Joshua Ilodgins,
, Mrs. H. J. Brown, Hon. S. M. Stephenson
; and wife. Miss Harriet Stephenson, Miss
Clara Stephenson, Miss Belle Merryman,
Mrs. H. T. Emerson, Mrs. J. K. Wright,
Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Stephenson Jr., Miss
Nellie Fleiahelm, -si r. and Mrs. Fred Car
ney, Mrs. Fre<j Carney, Frank Carney.
Mr. and Mrs. \V. O. Goodrich, Mr. and
Mrs. A. Goble, Mr. and Mrs. J. EL Patton,
Captain and Mrs. Fred Pabst, Mr. and
Mrs. William Lindsey, Senator and Mrs.
J. 1,. Mitchell. Mr. and Mrs. Julius Bleyer,
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Clas, Mr. and Mrs.
; C. B. Roberts. Mr. and Mrs. D. 11. Steb
bins, ex-Governor Emll Baensch and wife,
Mr. and Mrs. John Hunnan. Mr. and Mrs.
.1. i.i '. Koch. Mr. and Mrs. Seymour Hol
iistt-r. George \V. Hanley, Mrs. ESllen C.
' Sexton, Mrs. Rose Finn, Mrs. J. \V. P
Lombard. E. P. Hackett, George J. Suarz.
Colonel \V. J. Boyle, T. J. Treacy. W. A.
liulile. 11. A. Campbell, Colonel Simon J.
Murphy, 11. J. Fish, Senator Sawyer, Cup
tain S. Mann. Miss Krna Olson, C. A.
Goodyear, C. B. Raymond, Colonel Wil
liam J. Fair, Miss Reynolds, Miss Cora
Hatch, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Swart.
The steamer Sausalito will leave the
Sausallto ferry landing, at the foot of
Market street, at 9 o'clock sharp 6 to-mor
row morning lor the accommodation of
the general public who are interested in
viewing the launching. The steamer will
run in close to the I'nlon Iron Works and
lay to during the ceremonies.
■ m ■
Berkeley Gets the Convention.
BERKKLEV, Nov. 24.— The next quar
terly convention of the Alameda County
Christian Endeavor Union is to be held
In Berkeley. This was the decision of the
executive committee of the County i nion
at Its last meeting held recently in Oak
land. The Christian Endeavorers of
Berkeley will appoint committees and
make arrangements for the gathering at
their next union meeting. The selection
of a church or hall will rest with the same
committee. No date has been set as yet.
but it is understood that the choice lies
between February 12 and IS.
« ♦ ■
Thanksgiving Services.
BERKELEY, Nov. 24.— A union thanks
giving service was held this morning in
the First Baptist Church on Allston way.
Rev. George B. Hatch, Rev. T. G. Boyd
Rev. AY. Dobbins. Rev. John Covie and
Rev. Thomas Jefferson participated, jhe
sermon was delivered by Rpv. John Coyle,
D.D., of the First Methodist Church.
No Recount Desired.
OAKLAND. Nov. 24.— 1t is announced
that the fusionist candidate! who con
templated having recounts have decided
to not indulge in the luxury. Among these
are T. C. Stoddard, C. W. Heyer and John
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBI DAT, NOVEMBER 25, 1898.
DEVOTEES OF
RACING OUT
IN NUMBERS
Mr. Hobart Won the
Gentlemen's Race.
ROSINANTE FINALLY SCORED
THE WEATHER AND CROWD
JUST SUITED ZAMAR,
Favorites First on Three Occasions.
Amasa Outsprinted a Field of
Fast Ones, Proving a Sur
prise — Magnus Wins.
An old-fashioned holiday crowd found
its way to the races at Ingleside yester
day. The grand stand was overflowing
with feminine loveliness bonneted and
gowned according to fashion's latest de
cree, and the betting ring was a surging
mass of the sterner sex. 'all bountifully
supplied with coin. Many of the latter
backed the long shots because they
wanted quick and handsome returns.
These fortune-hunters wore doomed to
disappointment, for outsiders In the bet
ting never got their heads above water.
Thoughts of fatted farm turkeys, old
fashioned dressing, mince pie and the hour
.if 6 o'clock prevented any outbursts of
enthusiasm, the scanty, half-dressed card
not admitting of such.
The favorites held their own, that was
all, taking three purses. Eddie Jones
and "Skeets" Martin divided the sadcue
honors, two winners being placed to the
credit of each.
Mr. Ilobart won the race for gentlemen
riders, and society, which was there in
limited numbers, cheered— twice. . Mr.
Hobart now owns two-thirds of the silver
competition cup, .and probably has a
mortgage on or has been promised the
other third. The conditions of the race
said a handicap. Mistral was not treated
badly, and the ring installed him a 1 to U
chance, llf won easily by a quarter of a
dozen lengths. In a hard drive with Mr.
Hume, on Flou, Skinner succeeded in Ki
ting second place with Stan Powers. Wil
liam 08, the only horse at the weights
with any chance of beating the favorite,
was turned the wrong wuy when the bar-
Vier flew up.
Yentoro, the likely son of Golden Garter,
had matters pretty much his own way in
the six-f.urlong dash lor two-year-olds,
which opened the day's sport. The brown
youngster was a 1 to 4 choice, and won
from the start. Driving hard, Piggott,
astride Limewater, got the place by a
head from Espionage.
The chances of Daisy F looked most
rosy to win the seven-furlong run, de
cided under selling conditions. The mare
reigned a pronounced choice in the bet
ting, and after running a trim and game
race for Jockey Woods was beaten a
nose by Magnus, the second choice, ridden
to perfection by "Skeets" Martin. Octu
ruck passed a" quiet forenoon, finishing
third. , . _,
The mile handicap proved easy for Ro
sinante. Cnffey's mare was a 4 to 5 favor
ite and ran away from Yankee Doodle
through the stretch, winning with several
pounds to burn, in 1:43%. lankee Doodle
outgamed the light-weighted Rosormonde,
securing the place by a head. Storm King
was backed, but was not ready, never cut
ting much of a figure.
In the fifth extravaganza Zamar II
made his debut as a winner. He started
before and his last performance entitled
him to be a 30 to 1 shot. The bookies,
however laid 4. and he was backed down
to 3 He won. Lady Britannic made the
running and then finished second. Polish,
after a tempestuous voyage, got the show.
The muchly improved Amasa was never
headed in the final six furlong trip. As
good a 8 Eft to 1 was chalked about him.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
„ INGLESIDE AACE TUACK, Thursday Nov. ™l*™££ t 7
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine, track beavy.___
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. C.
FIRST RACE-Six furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
*
Weight. *Pt.
Mm.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
Index. Horse.
(225) Ventoro 1° 7 ''
249 Limewater 11} i
238 Ksplonage «•» ♦
237 Alhaja 100 2
2:57 Peach Blossom 96 3
... Earl Islington 106 »
luex. noise. ,.v.. o -_ .^ ; _ — ,
225) Ventoro ■ 107 5 — ... lh 11 11 1 "A !E. Jones 1 1-3 1?
225) Ventoro J«B ... JJ J J g | h 4 Plreo tt j W 1?
249 Limewater "} U •■■ «3 6 ,^ 2 2 3 15 H. Martin.... 4 6
238 Espionage 11- ♦ ••• 3 1 4 1 4 10 4 20 I Powell 30 60
rtf-ES SKS5- In the stretch. The
latter is shaping around. ■
— - — - ; ~~ :. ~— -■ ~" . ■ — ! " _.j_ - ., , ■-..., 1 • rairsp <400
1 h
2 3
3 1
e 6
4 1
6
1 1
3 10
2 '*
4 1
& 10
6
1 1
3 IS
2 2
4 10
5 15
€
1 Vi
2 h
3 15
4 20
6 »4
6
r ■ c.
|E. Jones
iFlggott
|H. Martin....
I. Powell
i Houck
IStlmpson
"ad* SECOND RACE-Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward;. purse. $400.
MX** 1 . - , Betting.
Horse 1 . Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
ll^iiitl I? if •* 3 , 4 44 Hullman 15 I
253 Ockturock. 3 99 6 6 2 |^ ** 3 4< Bullman la 1»
iiiiiil f I |S {£. {« '"jiigOLl-^
- 4t ' T^r"l'^'' '^nner, K. Vetter-s^. g7b7 Three Cheers-Etta V. Good .tart. W.,a
can beat a bunch of »eap ones.
007 THIRD RACE-One mile; all ages; gentlemen riders; purse. $400.
-^ * *____ . j — " i I Betting.
index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. -4m. fern. Km. Btr.- Fin. I Jockeys. up. ».
%m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
— — T, — . T^n ~~i T~» 2 h 11 14 13 M - Hobart...| 1-2 3-5
248 Imp. Mistral II 4..170 3 3. f 1 JJ 2 n ! Mr Skinner.. 5 9
230 Stan Powers. 3 Kg 4 4 lo 4 10 4 4 34 33 Mr Hume 30 100
235 Fllou, 4...... l«0 2 13 ih 21 U 4 10 Mr Sink 12 10
249 Koardman. 2 ...... I 5 in 5 6 ■« D Mr Dunphy.. 3 3
1" William OB, 6. ...loa 0 0 ° x — —
~"" T i m l:«% "wirier. W. S. Hobarts ch. h. by Florentine-imp. Close the Door. /Bad
8ta^i j'wa-"rhro^"n. a wia r m d aB n &a. practically . left. Mr. Skinner's vigorous
ride earned the place for yowers '
OQR FOURTH" RACE-One mile; handicap; all ages; purse $r,00.
Horn*. A«?e. Weight.
>4m.
%m.
Str.
. " T»ni 1 •> ii 4 6 1 '4 13 12 E. Jones...'... 4-5 4-5
222 Roslnante. 4 •••••••"3 J 2" l\ „' if, 2 h Hullman 4 B
221 Yankee Poodle. «-Jg| • f* f^ |J 34" |f We ber 9-2 8
.., BtormKin*. 4 '.'4 « J" •< J Powell 15 B«
239 Our Johnny. 4 KM • ■> ? • ° Z— — ■
Tim- 1-43%. Winner. J. Coffeys ch. m. by Imp. Charaxus-Ethle. Poor start. Won
eaS Rosin^n; ) "' 1 a"riod tl V>olair' wU?. into the stretch. She w a » plainly best at that. Bull-
ffl . n l° 'hln of foul was of no avail. Storm King looked scrawney and was not fit. Rosor-
monde has been working well and is good.
. Jones
ullman
'eber
utter
4-5
4
9-2
4
15
4-5
r.
6
3
50
nwell
FIFTH RACK— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
y«m.
%m.
\m.
Str.
221 Zamar II. 4 •••*
248 I.ady Britannic, 4..K
LT. I Pnlish, 4 ... y ..- 1
24.S (ireyhurst, 4 1<
2'Jii Hohenlohe, 3 1<
24S l>olore, 4 1<
U1 Major Cook, 6 V
4
2
I
6
5
1
•
2 '.4
1 H
4 14
6
5 '4
3 h
2 %
1 1
e
3 h
4 1
5 h
2 1
1 1
i 1
4 1 ~
6
3 1
5 ',4
2 2 .
i M
4 3
6
3 1
6 5
1 '4
2 4
3 I !
4 h I
5 1
V
6
... I
. Martin
3 :i
10 lit
2 US
8 12
4 9-2
12 20
owell
rawley
,'ard
. .7'ines
ullman
r eber
214 Major loo», « ™i !_•_! »a n; Li: _ i.. — — =
Time' 1:30. Winner, D. A. Honig's b. g. by St. Carlo-imp. Royal Bess. Good start ex-
cent Major rook. Won first three driving. , L _, ,
Zan?ar belongs with a cirrus. Ills wonderful somersault from lnst to first place nearly
dulled the Intellect of the talent. Martin was called into the stand and explained |t away
His was great ointment. Frawley on Polish found many pockets. Including the public s.
Hohenlohe stops. '
noA SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
(23n) Amaf<a, 3
<242) Ed fiartland II, 3..
242 Pat MorriRsey. 4..:
242 Heigh Ho. 3
(24ft) Cyril, 3
198 Zarro, 5
1
4
5
3
6
2
I?'
3 1
6
6 Vi
4 h
2 h
1 1
2 h
4 4
I 5
3 1
6
1 V,
2 > a
4 3
6 5
3 M
6
1 1
2 V4
3 4
* >-2
I 15
6
owell ....... ! 4
'. Martin | 1
iggott 3
. Relff 10
litter 7-2
lines -...*..... T 50
4
7-5
3
15
7-2
40
Time, 1:16%. Winner, Crane & Owens" b. g. by Capt. Al-Lady Intruder. Fair start.
Won first three driving.
Amasa was best. Away better. Morrlssey could have won. He made a grand run.
Cyril passed It up In the stretch.
and at the wire he led Kd Gartland out
a length. Pat Morrissey ran gamely,
taking the show.
Track Notes.
The Dally Racing Guide, a very valu
able little sheet to followers of form,
made Us appearance yesterday and scored
a hit.
Previous to the gentlemen's race waiter
Hobart purchased Mistral II from Earn
show Bros.
Yesterday was the prize cut In of the
season. Twenty pencilers chalked up
prices. ,  .
Jack Atkins was once again on
block, booking under the name of tne
Rlatto Club. . „__
Mose Gvtz started In about six days ago
with J^OO and (juickly rolled It up to
$10,000 by judicious speculation. He de
cided to "try booking and yesterday wrlErn
ed in und.-r the name of Central C.lud.
George Oxnard, an expert judge of prices,
is on the block for him. ... + Vo „
Phil Howell finally concluded to take a
hand In the game. He drew a stand on
the sunny side. , ... T
The Wellington Club laid prices with J.
K. Willis handling the < halk and chamois
Henry Fink was reported tt> have -New
Orleans in view this winter, but changed
his mind it would seem. The jovial Ut
tle German landed at Tngleside \\ ednes
day evening from Lakeside track with
Hardly, Bonita, Florence Fink and a.
yearling. In the same car came Fremont
Sloan with Dare 11. Prince Blazes, Cnar
mante and Kuskin. Cash Sloan accom
panied his brother. . .
Alex Shields of Logan fame is also here
again. He brought over the mountains
Frank Jaubert, Topmast and three others.
Joe Wober rode a very good race on
Rosormonde and seems to have profited
by his Kastern experience.
"Little Stlmpson, who rode Earl Isling
ton. is said to be the making of a crack
rider.   ..
After the Zamar race "Skeets Martin
was called into t.ie stand to explain the
sprinter's last performance. Perhaps ne
did, others couldn't.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race— furlongs; two-year-olds.
247 Feliclta 98 234 Reina de Cuba-108
241 Casdale 106 j (241)Allyar .'....116
19!* Mldlove 113
Second Race— mile; three-year-old» and
upward. ■
... Initiator 1061 240 McFarlane 112
244 Beau Monde 106 j 239 Eureka 115
... Hall verso 1031 ... '"avallo 112
240 Gratify 112 251 BUM Rucke& . . .11*
254 Jack o' Lantern. 112 ... Potente 103
264 Fleming 103
Third Race— One and an eighth miles; Bell
ing.
237 Judge Wofford.. 72: 227 Twinkle Twlnk.lo7
<239) Red Glenn 107 251 Ulm 78
1 Bernardino 107 1 208 Oralbee 75
(251)Benamela 107 1
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; B«llln».
251 Outaway 107 236 Juanlta .........104
<20u)Whitoomb 104, (243)Malnstaj 107
239 Captive ..... 107; (221) Kaiser Ludwlg.,llo
Fifth Race— furlongs; all ages.
(2SB)Mary Black ...1141 79 Libertine 117
(207) Miss Rowena ...114 ... Al Part 114
... Hugh Penny ...114 ... Ygnacio 109
222 Satauma 11*
Sixth Race— furlongs; selling; three
year-olds.
251 Bonnie lone ....110] 242 Toriblo 100
(230)Stepabout ' 11" 229 Col. Dan 103
244 Imperious 100 24S Little Alarm.... 100
244-Inverary II 110 259 Hohenlohe ......}O3
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Allyar, Mldlove, Casdale.
Second race— Bliss Rucker, McFarlane, Flem
ing.
Third race— Bernardino, Oralbee. Benamela.
Fourth race— Outaway. Mainstay, "VVhltcomb.
Fifth race— Mary Black, Miss Rowena, Hugh
Penny.
Sixth race— Stepabout, Inverary 11. Toribio.
California Camera Club.
Metropolitan Temple will be the scene
this evening of one of the most interesting
exhibitions and descriptive lectures ever
given by the California Camera Club.
To-night the regular annual pay exhibi
tion will be given and the committee in
charge has spared no pains or expense
to make it the most interesting of the
series There will be an exhibition of the
latest projection novelties, including the
color lantern, or triple stereopticon,
showing many new slides in their nat ural
colors, moving pictures. life size, as
shown with the improved apparatus of
Mr Kanzee of this city; many views of
the late war both around Cuba and the
Philippines and last, about fifty of the
late"? selected slides of the club members
will be shown upon the screen. Owing
to the length of the programme the first
View will be placed upon the screen at
8 o'clock sharp. _
Aftpr a woman passes her seventieth
birthday S l?e delights In telling her age.
REVISION OF
PENSION LAWS
Advocated by Secretary
Bliss.
ALASKAN AFFAIRS DISCUSSED
SMUGGLING OF LIQUOR DIFFI
CULT TO CHECK.
Urgent Appeal for Land Laws for
the Settled Portion of the
Great and Rich Terri
tory.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 24.— The an
nual report of Secretary of the Interior
Bliss, made public to-night, reviews in
detail the progress Qt pension, Indian,
land, patent, educational and territorial
affairs. Reviewing the gradual diminu
tion of the public land area, Secretary
ed $100,000.
Of three hundred and odd million acres of
desert land requiring irrigation to render
them valuable farming lands, the avail
able water supply is suiflcient for only 71,
60U.WU acres, leaving 2W,67U,u00 acres suit
able only tor grazing purposes. There are
thirty forest reservations, embracing an
estimated area of 40,719,474 acres.
Reviewing pension matters, Secretary
Bliss reports 635,000 claims of all classes
pending, and says a separate division
has been organized for the adjudication
uf claims growing out of the war with
Spain. These soldiers will receive their
pensions under the general law for per
manent disabilities contracted in the
service.
He also concurs in the recommenda
tion for the creation of a commission
to revise the pension laws and regula
tions in the interest of a future relia
ble, intelligent and uniform practice.
Early legislative enactment for the
taking of the twelfth census is urged
in view of the necessary large amount
Of work preparatory to the enumera
tion of the population.
The advancement along educational
lines is outlined by an increase of over
a quarter of a million of pupils in the
United States for the fiscal year 1896-97
over the previous one, but yet the aver
age amount of schooling per individual
for the whole United States, measured
by the present standard, does not quite
equal five years of 200 days each for
each inhabitant. The total number of
school pupils in the country in ele
mentary public and private schools,
colleges universities, high schools and
academies, is put at 16£55.093.
The reindeer and Lapland drivers in
Alaska have largely passed into the
service of the PostofHce Department :
and are now being distributed for car- j
rying the Yukon mail up and down the !
valley of the Yukon through a thousand
miles of scattered mining settlement in
the wilderness.
The report makes no mention of the
recommendation of Commissioner of
Railroads Longstreet for the Govern
ment construction and operation of a
new trans-continental trunk line from
Kansas City to San Diego.
Secretary Bliss, summing up the re
port of Governor Brady of Alaska, calls
attention to the difficulty of preventing
the smuggling of liquor into Alaska, it
being impossible to enforce present reg
ulations without a fleet of revenue cut
ters and steam launches to patrol the
tortuous channels of Southeast Alaskan
waters.
Smuggling prevails and saloons are
open in all of the towns and mining
camps. The Governor reports a con
sensus of opinion in favor of a strin
gent high license law which would tend
to stamp out smuggling and liquor sell
ing to the natives. The application to
Alaska of the liquor laws in force in
the District of Columbia with several
minor modifications is urged as meet- i
ing a majority approval. The Governor j
believes that Alaska should and can
pay revenue into the United States
Treasury.
Under a high license law he estimates
that the liquor traffic would yield an
annual revenue of not less than 5200,000;
a tax of a few cents per case on salmon
would produce from $25,000 to $50,000;
10 cents a ton of wharfage collected
during the past year would have yield
ed §100,000.
He recommends, however, that any
system of taxation for the Territory be
deferred until land laws shall have
been provided.
Many sections of Alaska*, It is shown,
are suitable for agricultural purposes.
With proper care cattle can be raised
In the milder districts. It cannot be
doubted that in the course of time
herds of reindeer will cover the plains
of Northern Alaska and a few thou
sands of dollars spent now in helping
the Esquimaux to obtain herds will
save the expenditure of many thou
sands in the future.
The fur seals are doomed to extinction
unless all pelagic sealing can be stop
ped. The branding of female seals has
proved a success. The brands render
the pelts valueless and show that the
United States has a property right to
the animal.
The raising of blue foxes is becoming
an important industry.
The hunting of the sea otter has been
so unremitting that few are now left.
The Governor recommends that the
| killing of them be prohibited for a long
time.
Representation in Congress for the
'•itlzens of Alaska is strongly urged.
An appropriation of $60,000 far the
education of children in Alaska is
earnestly recommended.
Attention is called to the fact that
the rapid increase of the number of
vessels plying in Alaskan waters ne
cessitates the erection of many light
houses. Other recommendations include
a monthly mall service between Sitka
and Unaiaska; cable connection be
tween the United States and Alaska;
enlargement of administrative author
ity and extension of the land laws to
at least the settled portions.
The other territorial reports all claim
material progress and urge immediate
recognition as States.
Assistant Secretary of the Interior
Webster Davis, in his annual report,
says the 122,681 appeals from the Pen
sion Bureau and 626 motions for re
consideration ,flled during the year
make up a number unprecedented in
any one year or two years in the his
tory of the Hoard of Appeals. The pro
portionate Increase still continues and
on October Ist last there were 11,820
such appeals ..nd motions pending, and
Secretary BUM concurs in Assistant
Secretary Da is' recommendations for
providing for three additional members
of this board; for additional legislation
amending the act of August 1, 1887, re
lating to marriage legislation; regulat
ing the payment of pensions to soldiers
who deprive their families of- the use
thereof because of immoral habits and
incompeteney; and a legislative amend
ment in behalf of widows whose hus
bands died while in the service, death
not being the r suit of any violation of
any law, regulation or rule of th - mili
tary or naval service; death under such
conditions to be held to be equivalent
to an honorable discharge, as now re
quired. ______________
Lnrline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin gts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
GREAT INCREASE
OF WORLD'S GOLD
America Makes the
Largest Production.
THIS IS THE BANNER YEAR
EXTRAORDINARY COINAGE RE
PORTEP BY THE MINT.
An Interesting Argument Is Also j
Hade in Support t>f the Main
tenance of the Single
Standard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON Nov. 24.— 1n his an
nual report George F. Roberts, Director
of the Mint, says:
The most important events of the fiscal
year in the world of Government rinance
have been the consummation of the long
p'anned resumption of specie payments
oy Russia in gold, the reorganization or
the monetary system of Japan with gold
as the standard and the refusal ot the
Government of India to co-operate with
the Governments of the United States and
France in an eifort to establish bimetal
lism by international agreement.
The gold coinage of the world in 1898
was the largest recorded, amountng m
value to $4;n,7iy.-'M:i, against 5195,899,517 in
1896. Of the former sum <14ti,02J,W4 was
recoinage, and approximately $2H1,u97,14s a
net addition to the stock of gold coins.
The principal coinage was by the United
States, Great Britain, Russia, Germany,
Austria-Hungary, France and Japan. The
extraordinary coinage of the year is ac- j
counted for uy the preparations of Rus
sia, Austria-Hungary and Japan for
their monetary reforms. In the case of •
Russia particularly, gold, whiph has been ;
accumulating for years, much of it in
bars, was passed through the mints to
prepare It for circulation. The comple
tion of Russia's plans for monetary re
form and the opening to the uses of
commerce of her great gold reserve, sys
tematically gathered year by year until it
is the greatest single hoard of treasure I
the world ever saw, is in itself a most not
able event.
The development of Russia, her position
as an exporter of breadstuff?, her policy !
of developing home manufactures, will all !
tend to protect her stock of gold and :
make use for more: but her own produc- !
tion is increasing, and unless she is about
to enter a period of unprecedented activ
ity and development seems likely to sup
ply her needs.
Throughout the world, among all peo
ples who are sufficiently civilized and am
bitious to have international intercourse,
there is manifest a desire to bring their
own currencies into definite and stable re
lations with the money of the peoples with i
whom they trade. The exporter desires !
that the money with which he buys at
home and the money with which he soils
abroad shall have a common unit of ralue.
The manufacturer who Is competing In
foreign markets desire 6 that the money
! with which he buys raw materials and
labor at home and the money in which be
i must quote prices abroad shall have a re- '
lation to each other upon which he may
rely and calculate. If the monetary sys
tems of these countries have no common ;
unit — if each nation, in ignorance or mis
led independence, prefers "an independent ;
system of its own"— they will inevitably i
vary in value to each other, and the
profits of the International transaction we i
are considering are subject "to these varia- j
tlons. Such variations are, therefore, a i
barrier to the trade between countries. ;
It was to escape from such fluctuations .
of the Russian currency, which in i*:c
reached 9.6 per cent and in IS9I 28 per cent I
that the Russian Government has tix< <l :
its paper money at the sold standard. For !
the same reason Austria-Hungary and
Japan have lately done likewise. For
Che same reason India closed its mints
to the unrestricted coinage of silver, and
has been struggling since to hold its ru- j
pee at the fixed value of 16 pence. It is !
for this reason that even Peru, with its \
comparatively small foreign trade, has
closed its mints to the unlimited coinage
of silver. It is for this reason that trie i
Government of France, while friendly to
an international agreement upon the bi- j
metallic money standard, will not enter- j
tain any proposition that involves a pos- i
sible separation of her own currency ;
from the standard used by the other im- I
portant commercial nations of the world. |
The enterprising peoples of the world \
are not voluntarily assuming or remain
ing under conditions which put them at
a disadvantage in the keen rivalry that
salesmen find in every market. Tne en- I
lightened judgment of time condemns !
such a meaningless and burdensome re
straint upon the exchanges. Nor is there
any merit in the plea sometimes made i
that inasmuch as most of a country's
business* transactions are domestic and j
only a small percentage of them interna- I
tionul, therefore, the relations of its :
money to the money of other countries !
is of equally small Importance. The truth
Is that prices In all domestic sales are |
related to prices In international trans- j
actions and cannot be separated from
them. The values of all goods that enter i
into the common consumption of man- •
kind are international and cannot be. ef
fected by money legislation. Legislation '
can alter the value of a local currency, ]
but the owner of goods of world-wide de- j
mand simply raises or lowers his price
to correspond with the coinage value of
the money.
Clear as these principles seem to be
there are those everywhere who protest '
against all measures to enforce them, i
Certain narrow objections and sophisti- j
cal doctrines become familiar. Some as
sert that the depreciation of a country's
money has a good effect by stimulating i
its exports. The shipper sells his products !
abroad for gold, converts the gold into !
the currency of his country, and as the
latter declines in value of course he gets ;
more of it. Th" net gain depends upon !
his opportunity to work this depredated
currency off on somebody else at its old i
value. In some countries the exporters
claim to have succeeded in doing this, and
they are pleased and pronounce it a good !
thing. It is said, for instance, that in '
India, while the price of wheat and tea
In silver currency has advanced, the plan
ters can still hire labor at about the i
same wages as before. Evidently if the '
wage-earner consumes wheat and tea he I
is not sharing the good thing.
It is said that in Mexico manufacturers
and planters have enjoyed prosperity by
reason of the rising prices of their pro
ducts in silver while wages have ad
vanced but little. The question natur
ally arises. Who buys these products?
Who consumes In those countries cotton
flour, sugar, shoes, meat and the other
things which in any country are certain to
rise as the Local currency declines'.' It is
i evident that the stimulus to enterprise
which these countries have enioyed has
been precisely such stimulus as the United 1
States would have if the wage earners ''■
of this country would agree to
gether to accept a % or 60
per cent reduction in their favor. That
might truly stimulate the export trade
for a time. As a matter of wage reduc
tion, a depreciating currency may be ac
cepted as effective. As a policy to stim
ulate exports it Js in Pome cases effective
but temporary, for if it ceases to depre
ciate wages and Other expenses will
gradually withdraw themselves to It, the
importer losing his premium, while if It
continues to depreciate it will eventually
become worthless and all its influence,
beneficent or Otherwise, will perish with i
it. As a policy upon which to build a na
tion's trade and prosperity it begins in
fraud and ends in failure.
Reviewing the efforts of the Wolcott
International Bimetallic Commission
the Director says the sentiment in fa- i
vor of a bimetallic money standard i
supported by international agreement j
had found expression not only by the j
legislative bodies of France and Ger- j
many, but of Great Britain, and It had, |
therefore, seemed opportune that a
conference should be had with a view
to ascertaining what concerted action
might be agreed DpCfl Mr. Roberts
adds:
A single nation acting alone is certain j
to lose the dearer metal entirely and re
tain only the cheaper as Its standard.
Thus, in any country under present con
ditions to open its mints to n.e unre
stricted coinage of both gold and silver !
at I<s to 1. or any thereabout ratio, would
be for it to lose what gold it possessed.
because that metal would surely go where J
it was rated higher. If. however, there*
was no country in the world where it was
legally higher, there would be no place
to which it might go for monetary use
Allowing that the ratio originally agreed
to was approximately the market ratio,
the valuation thus coinciding with iha
judgment of the commercial world, there
seems every reason to believe that such
an international agreement would accom
plish its purpose. Although the efforts ot
the commission were brought to an wl
by the refusal of the Government of In
dia to join the movement the director con
siders the failure indirectly due to a
growing feeling that the rapidly increas
ing product of gold has radically changed
the situation from what it was ten years
ago, when the gold product seemed to be
at a standstill or declining. It has chang
ed to indifference or opposition to the at
titude of many who feared a depreciating
standard, but who are quite as much op
posed to a depreciating one.
Great as was the world's production of
gold in 1898, amounting to the value of
,<;•:,: ;.'i4.800, and exceeding that of IS9B by
$34 822 500. it is, judging by the returns
already at hand, certain that the product
of 1898 will bo still greater. The returns
from South Africa for ten months show
that at the present rate of production its
y\> iv will exceed the yield of 18tf7 by $21.
s.">U.i«o. The returns from Australia indi
cate th.it its product in 1898 will exceed
the product ofISOT by $10,335,000.
From July l."i last to November 15 the
receipts of gold at Seattle and San Fra;i
■ •isc ip from the Canadian Yukon aggre
gated about (10,000,000, and on this basis
the Increased product for Canada in 1893
is estimated at $8,500,000.
The increase in the United States can
hardly fall below $5,000,000. The total of
these estimates is $45,687,000, which. add< '1
to the figures of 1S!)7. would Indicate a
world's product in 189S of J283.192J
the remaining countries in their aggregate
are unchanged. The product of 1891—
$130,000,000— will be more than doubled, and
the. combined value of the gold and silver
product ten years ago exceeded by gold
Stocks of gold in sight in European
banks and Government Treasuries fmm
December, IM>2 to December. 1897, increas
ed about $650,000,000 or over 40 per cent
The stock of gold in the United States in
creased in the five years $85,457,000 The
increase In the gold holdings of the banks
of Australia, Canada and South America
was about $15,000,000. Total gold thus ac
counted for $960,450,000.
Special Advent Services.
Special advent services will be hold In
St. Dominic's Church commencing: next
Sunday. November 27. A special course of
lectures, preparatory to the celebration
of Christmas, will be delivered in the
church every Sunday evening at 7-30
o'clock by Rev. James it. Newell. The
subjects of the lectures will be appropri
ate to the mystery of tho incarnation.
They are as follows: "The Primitive
Man." "The Fallen Man." "The Regener
ate Man" and "The God Man."
Christmas morning, at 5 o'clock mass.
Father Newell will deliver the sermon.
The music of the evening- services dur
ing the season of Advent will be of an
elaborate and especially attractive and
devotional character.
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner ot Market and Third streets, opea
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— SI' 7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 o'clock.
2f>26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
N'W. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
FtrP Pts; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K.
T.. Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- v fiHjJ*
gomery — Regular assembly THIS t£i|
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. W
Order of the Temple. All f raters are V
cordially invited. •
SIP. JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Lodse of Perfection
No. I.— Regular meeting- THIS (FRI- *W*
DAY) EVENING, November 25, at 8 /\
o'clock. D. 5. ZkV
GEO. J. HOME. Secretary. <s£=£?
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. •
— Officers and members are re- _J"^_
quested t.i attend the funeral of our X if
late brother, CHARLES E. HOPPS. /V\
from Masonic Temple, TO-DAY trniDAY);
•at 1:30 o'clock p. m. By order of the W. M.
GEORGE W. ROOT. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. m
M., will meet THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- _»k_
ING. Nov. 25, at 7:30 'dock. Third j£2f
degree. By order of the Master. nFi
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Mutual Elec-
tric Light Company will be neid at the offlca
of the company, 617 Howard at... San Fran-
cisco, California, on MONDAY, the sth day
of December. 1898, at the hour of 10:30 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
JAMES FISHER. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 87 (fifty cen. per share) of
the Oceanic Steamship "orapanv will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 327 Market
Bt. on and after Thursday, December 1, 189S.
Transter books will close en Friday, Novem-
ber 25. 1593, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tei. 6688.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d Bt.
SITUATIONS /WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN girl wishes situation as cook; under-
stands all branches; best references. MRS.
NORTO.n, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN middle-aged woman; good cook and
houseworke* $15 to $20; references. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS English cook desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 32." Sutter st.
COMPETENT German second girl, also Swed-
ish cook, desire situations. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., M Butter st.
NUMBER of girls, all nationalities, awaiting
situations at MRS. CORD'S, 631 Larkin St.;
telephone Sutter ;.2.
GERMAN widow wishes a situation as house-
keeper in it small family. Please call at
1026Vi Washington st.
SITUATION wanted by young woman for cook-
Ing and general housework; first-class ref-
erences ; wages $25. Box 1596, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation for
general housework; good cook. Call or Bend
to 216 Sixth st., room 13, second floor.
YOUNG girl wishes situation for light house-
work or care of children, Call at i"69 Mission.
YOUNG woman wishes situation general house-
work; good cook. Address 1779 Market St.
WANTED— By young woman assist with light
housework, care of child; good home man
than large wages. Address 2429 Sutler St.,
cor. Broderick.
PRACTICAL stenographer wants position; will
substitute; mimeographing. Address "Sten-
ographer." SOS Leavenworth st. V
WANTED— By middle-aged -person position
as nurse to Invalid or children. H. JONES.
1533 Valencia St.
DRESSMAKER wishes few more engagements.
220 Ninth St. ._
YOUNG German girl wishes position to do up-
stair work. Call or address 519 Twenty-ninth.
GERMAN girl wishes a place as cook or do
general housework. Address box 14. Call.
POSITION as chambermaid: highly .recom-
mended; open one week. Box 1662, Call office.
ALL-ROUND cook and help: can take chef 'a
place or full charge of kitchen: flrst-clasa
hotel references. 24 Hunt st. ■
COMPETENT Danish girl wishes situation to
do general housework In small American
family. I«ease call 316 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted by capa-
ble American woman; good cook. Address
A.. 615 Larttin st.
PACIFIC Employment Office— Reliable help of
all kinds furnished. 777 Market: tel. Clay 130.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 66.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Ofnc«;
best help. 414 Vi O'Farrell St.: tel. East »♦«.
SITUATION, middle-aged man take care
horses, milk cow, and good gardener; handy
with carpenter tools; at low wages; best
 reference*. Box 1645. Call office. ',-..
EXPERIENCED fireman wishes situation; best
reference. Box 1647. Call office.
WANTED— A job milking or driving a deU»-
• ery wagon. J. P., box 1666, Call.SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
CHRISTIAN young man wants position; ex-
perienced coachman and gardener; will ac-
cept any reasonable work: small wages: best
of references. Address Coachman. 14S Tenth.
PLUMBER, first-class, will ork by the day
or month for property-owner or estate; has all
necessary shop tools. Box ISSS. Call office.
WANT Position by young man capable of
taking care of horses, cow, garden; good
driver: handy with tools. Box 1596, Call.
COACHMAN wants situation; single; under-
s'tands gardening; thorough horseman; best
references; not afraid of work. Box ISS9. Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man as stenog-
rapher, typewriter or telegraph operator; best
of references. Box 1653, Call office.
BAKER wants work In institution; good ref-
erences. Box 1660, Call office.
BY middle-aged man. German, generally use-
ful, to take care of horses, cow and garden
In private family; references. O. M., 674 East
Sixteenth si . East Oakland.
GARDENER will take charge gentleman's pri-
vate grounds; understands laying out of new
grounds: renovation of old grounds also; 36
years' old: married; no children: would take
charge of house and grounds In absence of
family: first-class references. Box 1514. Call.
YOUNG man wants situation: understands care
of horses, cows, garden; reference: state the
wages. J. A. MACDONALD, 214 Third st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
■week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
nnil haccaep to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WAITRESS, south, $22 50 and half fare; wait-
ress. Fresno, $20. fare advanced, call early; 2 j
waitresses, city. $20: 2 chambermaids to wait,
$20: 4 restaurant waitresses, $5. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN or Swedish woman for ranch, $30,
fare r>ald: ranch cook, $20; 4 girls for country,
$15 and $20: 3 cooks, city. $20 and $25. C. R.
HANSEN St CO.. 104 Geary St.
COOK tor institution, call early. $30. C. R.
HANSEN .fc CO.. 104 Geary st.
SECOND girl for small private family, $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
3 WAITRESSES: $20 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl: light work; $15. MISS CULLEN.
- tter st.
2 COOKS. $30 and J2.v. 3 second girls, $15 and
J2O: nurse. $15: 12 housework girls, city and
country. $20 and $2.".; 6 young girls, assist.
$10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
THREJC girls for general housework. $25: sec-
; or.ii girl. $1S; cook, delicacy store, $25; nurse-
girl. (15; 4 waitresses, $20. $25 and $4 and $5
week, and a large number of girls for house-
work. J. F. CROSETT * CO.. 316 Butter St.
WAITRESS, country hotel, a short distance,
nice place. $20; call early. J. F. CROSETT
?.& CO.: 316 tter st.
HOUSEGIRL. short distance. $25. 2 In family;
housepirl, Oakland, ?20. light place: houseglrl.
city, J2">: ranch cook. $20: young girl to assist,
$12; E housegirls. $20 and $2'>: 2 cooks, $25
each. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
S COOKS. «25: mother. and daughter. $30; 8 girls
for housework. MRS. HIRD. 631 Larkin st.
FIRST-CXiASS hair dressers; also apprentices
for hair work. G. LEPERER'S. 123 Stockton.
WANTED— Young girl; light housework and
, ihiUircn: good home; wages $6. 122 Perry st.
TAILORKSS as fine pants finisher; custom
work. s>-2 Kparny st.. top floor, room IS.
GIRL to assist with housework and mind chil-
dren. $S. 635 Ellis st.
GIRL for housework; family of 2: good cook.
■ Apply to-day. 3 to 5 p. m.. at 314 Sixth ave.
WANTED — Two first-class saleswomen in a
lace and embroidery department. Apply to
Welnstock. Lubin & Co.. from 7:30 to 9:30 p.
m. Friday night. 523 Market St.. room 7.
WANTED— Young lady of good education, must
be musical and converse in French, as com-
panion for elderly lady. Box 1668, Call office.
WANTED — Girl for genera] housework. 657
Twenty-second St., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats;
stead;, work. 106 Battery st.
RESPECTABLE girl wanted at once. Apply
at 1832 Filbert st.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts at :nebaum, WEIL
& MICHEL'S, 531 Mlssi in st.
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home;
.steady empty; embroidery taught. 546 Sutter.
WANTED— Lady or gent; pleasant work: good
wages; experience not necessary. 136 6th, r. 1. j
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taurbt.
; LEV! STRAUSS _ CO.. 36H Fremont «t.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good position*;
patterns. 10c up. lIS McAllister St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in -wrapper, for mailing.
HELP W ANTED— MALE.
SuRRAT "&^READY.Trrr!7?r! 1 Phone Main 5548
. Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
:.... ." WANTS
Farmer and wife, $30 Brick burners. $35
Driver express wagon, $2 day. Barber, country
Driver milk wagon. $25 Tailor, country
4 boys for factory, $4 week; 5 slate splitters,
6 farm hands. $2«, $25 and $20; 3 boys to do
■ chores on ranches $S and $5 and found
6 teamsters, city 6 laborers, city
41 woodchoppers 20 tiemakers
■ MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
6 COOKS $50 to $30; baker's helper, $25; 9
waiters. $30. $25 and $20 and found: 3 dish-
washers %i week" to $15 per month. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay st. I
C. R. HANSEN & CO., telephone Grant ISS
1500 rullroad laborers wanted for
Skaguay. fare reduced to •-
$l4 f.o to Skaguay $14 60
Ship Sunday. Get tickets and particulars at
C. R. HANSEN .-. CO.'S. 104 Geary St.
SHORT-ORDER cook, country. Jl week, fare
advanced; third cook, country hotel, $30. fare
advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
LABORERS, mountain railroad, ship to-night;
5 rwgh rock quarry—en, $2 a day. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
v. MTF.R. coffee house, $35. C. R. HANSEN
6 CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED — Office toy. $2 50 week: miner, $40;
men to clear land. $2' an acre; coal miners,
$1 ton; young farmer to learn fruit raising;
restaurant butcher, $40; cooks, waiters, dish-
Ptvashers and others. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 62? Sacramento st.
OY for this office. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
318 Sutter st.
25 ■ MAKERS, post makers and wood chop-
perF winter's job, fare $1. see company here;
good prices; tools and provisions advanced;
rriddlf-aßed farmer and wife: 2 slate split-
ters $2 50 a day. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-
610 Clay st.
. MAN cook; first-class hotel. MISS cULLEN,
.. 325 S'-tter st. _^_^_
DISHWASHER wanted at 315 Grant ave.
WANTED— Good coatmaker. I*4 Polk at.
WANTED- A cake baker. RUTZ' BAKERY,
KM Valencia st.
COATMAKEHS to work inside; Friday. 223
Butter pi. ; upstairs.
WANTED— 2 boys, 16 years. Mechanics' Pa-
vilion: ask for decorator. _^
BOY ' about 15 years old wanted to work In
crockery store, i Call at 1506 Polk st.
WANTED— S2SO will five steady position;
money secured. Box 1895. Call.
W\NTED— K first-class shoe salesman. Apply
to Welnstock, Lubin & Co., from 7:30 to 9:30
p. m. Friday night. 523 Market St.. room 7.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In- j
tention to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and. able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet a inches
and 6 feet in height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis St.,
Ban Francisco, Cal.
OCULIST or refractlonlst with diploma and
rfferences. GEO. MAYETRLE. Expert Opti-
cian, 1071V4 Market at.
EXPERIENCED Rd solicitor for good publica-
tion, liberal terms. Box 1659, Call office.
$25 A WEEK and expenses to sell cigars on
time; experience unnecessary; holiday goods.
. W. L KLINE CO.. St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
. that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. 160 largo
rooms. 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission
ex . men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
nlet.t: 60c, We and $1 per week.
J\RT.' -: ' In barber business; must be tem-
perate and have some means. Box 1642.
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes. 128
Bush Bt.. room 4. third floor.
MFN and women to learn barber trade at San
Franclsc" F-rber College. 138V4 Eighth St.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant ave.
MFN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed, $15. IM2 Market st.
TRY Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated, 200 rms; 15c. 25c night.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 26c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 563V4 Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1184.
HELP WANTED- Continued.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
soloing, 35c; only one price. 923 .award st.
MAN with experience in shooting gallery. 503
Koarny St.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS aVid ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room: free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
FOUR lady canvassers at factory, 1308 Mis-
sion st.; salary paid.
ACTIVE woman to take measures for Clark's
new electric and Royal Queen corsets: salary
and commission. Call 1253 Broadway. Oakland.
100 GOOD agents: good profits: article every
family needs. 513 Taylor st. Hours 10:30. 1:30.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Board and room for a gentleman;
state price. Box 1648. Call office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
RANCH wanted for nice 7-room house: 2 corner
lots. S. F. ; $3600. Box 101. Call, Oakland.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.^
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER & GASSELL. 216 Post st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: second-hand. 109 Montgomery »t.
spiritualism. •
attentionT^' """ ' ■---——-——•
Returned.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and beg»
to Inform her patients, both old and new, that
she has opened offices at The Vendome. 1104
Market St.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees It all. tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you in full of all that
you are Interested In; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
ehe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies: consult
when others fall; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;
8 p. m. ; 25 cents. 409 Leavenworth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night: 10c. 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hrs..
10 to 5: minerals psychometrized. 1027H Mrkt.
M FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. J p. m. :
Men.. 8. 25c: sittings 11. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LENEMAR tells by planets; predicted
rescue passengers str. Gold. '74: 23V_ 6th, r. 3.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future: 25c. 148 Sixth, rm. It.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. R A VENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1049A Market st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladles.. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, ha* opened an office at 31.'. O'Farreil st.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for tne same price as rub-
s':: full set of teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings. s"c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work: no students employed; extracting free
when plates are order id; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason IM. Entrance * Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty- fillings. 50c: crowns, $3 50: all |
•- painless and warranted. Chicago Den- j
ial Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jegsle 1132. |
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, gen-- 1"*1 "* Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat- j
antee of improved bridge work or teeth with- ■
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
SET of teeth. $5: fillings, gold, $1 up; silver. 25c
' up: bridge work: plates repaired; a'l work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists, 969 Mission St., corner Sixth.
VAX VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings, 25c up all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reaso — hie; gas given.
ALL ~Tk reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market Bt. |
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sui-
veylng. assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; Indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches, etc.; life scholarship. $50; low rates
per week and month. '^
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.
est.' 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
SET teeth, $4; fill., gold 50c. silv. 25c; crowns |
$3; 9. a. m. to 10 p. m. Parlors, 235 Kearny. |
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando- i
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 24th St.
PRIVATE academy of dancln^^ waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDrTY, 6A Hyde.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket st. : 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
ELOCUTION and oratory: F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg.. 123 EIII3.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
LOST. ~
FOX terrier, female; brown ears; answers name
of Chippy. 2219 Mission st. reward.
AT Cliff House, sable fur collarette. Liberal
reward returned to J. F. M.. 404 Front st. ;
no questions asked.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of JAMES FEAGAN; No. 5349. The
finder will please return to bank. :
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ROBERT THOMPSON; No. 160-1275.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST, In Alameda— Large white dog; collar
- bears licence to Nallaln. Stout it., Portland,
Or. Return to 1431 Sherman St.. Alameda;
liberal reward
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works —
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone Eouth 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULPING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama at. ; tel, S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J E~ MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
"st. ; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; tel. East 126. ._
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
~~ TYPEWRITERS.
ALL~tpewrlters sold and rented: few partly
used for eale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
_ HAMMOND. $26; Callirraph, $15; Yost. $26;
get sample work. BCOTT. _tt Montgomery st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IF ALBERT ELSEY CARVER.* who was re-
elding in and near Vancouver. B. C., during
the years 1891 to 1895. and afterward In Cali-
fornia and was last . heard of In Sonora,
Tuolumne County, Cal about June 1896. will
apply to the undersigned he will hear of
something to his advantage. W ELLS A
HIND. Solicitors. - Nottingham. , England. • - - ■
PHYSICIANS. -.'■ ' __ ■
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. . O'Donnell, office
and residence. 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1898.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$400— RESTAURANT and lodging house,
rooms, all furnished, near Market st.; house
full with boarders and lodgers; a bargain.
M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$900 Corner grocery and bar; north of Market
st.: does a good business: 4 living rooms.
Apply at once. M. .LESS, 765 Market st.
$300— SALOON opposite the ferries; elegant fix-
tures; large stock; owner going to Alaska
only reason for selling out. M. LESS & CO.,
765 Market St.
$1200— HOTEL, bar and billiard-room in promi-
nent railroad town; building and lot in-
cluded In sale: hotel has 26 bedrooms, parlor
and dining-rooms. - Apply to M. LESS, 765
Market st.
CORNER family liquor store; north of
Market st. ; more than value In stock; owner
owns building. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market.
$500— SALOON and lunch house, with 9 fur-
nished rooms; between shops and factories;
part cash; see this at once. LESS & CO.,
765 Market st.
$450— MILK route; 12 cans of milk per day; all
private trade; 2 horses and wagon; present
owner there 14 years; selling account of old
age. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market at.
$1000— FINE delicacy store; near Market St.;
has a large trade: full value in sight; a great
bargain. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$650— CORNER family liquor store; south of
Market; established over 10 years; 4 rooms;
fine business; over $SOO worth of stock; must
be sold at once. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market.
A— LIST your store, property or business place
with WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St.. the
old-established and reliable business agents;
we have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy in country towns.
$1500— SALOON; on best part of Market St.;
rent $200; price only good for 10 days. WILKE
& UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$1550— GROCERY and bar on good business
street; kept by present owner for long years;
good reason for selling: cheap for amount
asked; rent. $60. WILKE & UNFUG. 906
Market st.
$750— HALF of well-paying, pleasant commis-
sion business: or will trade for Al Oakland
business. Inquire WILKE & UNFUG.
$350— PARTNER wanted in con-mission busi-
ness; fine horses and wagons: will clear $100
month to each. National Agency, 7 Grant
ave. -.'._■ -'.-. ■
RESTAURANT— SeII cheap to party under-
stands the business. National Agcy., 7 Grant.
A— WE have buyers to invest In any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency. 7 Grant ave.
$400— CORNER saloon; clears $75 month; a snap.
$225 — Cor. -grocery and bar; clears $75 month.
$250— Restaurant; No. 1 location; clears $C0 mo.
$75 Branch bakery; Market St.; rent $15.
$200— Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant ave.
$125— BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor, 8
rooms; rent $15. National Agency, 7 Grant a v.
$1100— ROAD house, including building; doing
business $15 a day; old established stand tor
years cars pass door. JONES, 565 Market st.
$750— SALOON near Palace Hotel; handsomely
fitted up; doing good business; 'disagreement
of partners cause sale; Just half price.
•JONES, 865 Market Bt.
CIGAR store on one of the leading streets
north of Market; good business; fine fixtures;
cheap rent. JONES, 865 Market st.
PARTNER wanted with $125; advertising busi-
ness opportunity of a lifetime; will clear $75
a month to each sure. JONES, 866 Market »t.
A— sB6o; CORNER grocery and bar: Third St.;
big business; living rooms. KREDO & CO.,
22', Geary st.
A— s2so; COFFEE and lunch; est. 20 years; $15
to $20 dally. KREDO _ CO., 22Mi Geary et.
A— sl2s; DINING-ROOM; 30 steady boarders;
good transient; clears $100. KREDO & CO.,
22*4 Geary st.
$550— CORNER grocery and bar; bargain: death
In the family cause of sale. McLAUGIILIN
_ CO., 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon: a bargain. McLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777 Market et.
$400 — PARTNER wanted In light business
where the services of a plain, steady man
are preferred to hired help; business long
established and too much for one man: no
experience required: trial given; $18 to $30 a
week each. 9 Geary St., room 18.
A— lo FURNISHED rooms and bar. $350; 9 fur-
nished rooms. Market St.. $165; cigar stand,
on Market St., $100. STANLEY & CO.. 1055
Market st.
$250; BARGAIN: sobriety and steadiness
wanted. LOWENSTEIN, 1023H, Market St.,
between Sixth and Seventh.
FOR SALE reasonable— One of oldest estab-
lished coal yards in city; horses, wagons,
etc.; good running business that will bear
investigation: excellent opportunity. Address
box IMI, Call.
WANTED— An industrious man or woman with
$4000 to buy half interest In small farm and
dairy with paying milk route In country
town. Address Principal, box 1892. Call.
$300— FINE corner cigar store; owner sick and
unable to attend; no agents. Call or ad-
dress J. A. R., 315 Grove st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant: fine chance for man
and wife; sold to-day. 812 Larkin st.
SHOE shop: closing fine business; good loca-
tion: cheap rent; reasonable. 332 Bush st.
GREAT bargain; saloon and 10 furnished
rooms; a good business. Box 1894, Call.
WANTED— Partner with $1000; excellent op-
portunity for a sober young man or a graduate
physician to obtain a thorough knowledge in
the science of optics; none but those with best
of references need apply. GEORGE MAT-
ERLE. German expert optician, charter mem-
ber American Association of Opticians, Ger-
man Optical Institute, 107m Market, near
. Seventh: see city directory; testimonials from
Gen. Miles, Geo. Dewey, Gen. Shatter, Ad-
miral Sampson, etc. •* " 7
FOR SALE— cents on the dollar: one 5, one 6
and one 7 room cottage; also for Investment.
2 two 2-story cottages, pay net 10 per cent;
best location. Apply to A. R. DENKE Sr.,
Webster-st. station, narrow-gauge.
GOOD opportunity for man with family who
can give massage and run salt water tub
bathing; plenty room for store or barber
shop; sell cheap on account of sickness. Box
1634. Call office.
THE well-known Villa Hotel at Hay wards; fur-
nished complete: Hay wards Opera House In
connection: owner wants to retire on ac-
count of old age. Apply owner on premises.
FOR SALE— 26-room hotel; cost $5000 7 years
ago; price to-day $1100; furniture and large
lot included. Call 256 Third st.
FOR SALE — Good grocery and bar; no oppo-
sition. Filbert and Laguna sts.
BAKERY, all store trade; no wagon; two bar-
rels daily. Address box 1656, Call office.
| A" WELL established paying business, $1000;
experience not needed. Address box 1650, Call.
DRUG STORE, clean and complete stock and
fixtures: In good location; Investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Address box 1518.
Call office.
COUNTY rights for sale; good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure your county at
once. M. H. Cartwright. rm. 709. 927 Market.
$150— BAKERY and notions; fine trade; good
location: living rooms; rent $8. 1669 Grove
St., Oakland.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest price*. 107-10*
Beale st. '
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H~c7 DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
48-ROOM CORNER HOUSE
JUST FURNISHED WITH NEW FURNI-
..TURE. ONLY $1500; EASY PAYMENTS..
24-room house; new house and furniture. .s 850
8 rooms; new furniture; cost $550 200
12 rooms on Market; rent $40 450
10-room house: only 150
21 rooms: corner; clears $150 550
46-room house: corner 1200
22 rooms near City Hall 500
10 rooms; all rented; business street 2"0
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— l2 ROOMS; near Larkin ......$ 800
15 rooms; piano: clears $40 350
14 rooms; C housekeeping suites 325
9 rooms; Powell, near Market: elegant.. SOO
42 rooms: clears $1.10 per month 2200
30 rooms: clears $70 1500
30 rooms: Turk st 2000
C8 rooms; Ellis st ." 4000
12 rooms'; Howard st 650
F. C. WENT WORTH & CO.. 7834 Market st.
12 ROOMS and restaurant; fine $ 800
32 rooms; select: transient; corner 2250
28 rooms; rent $55 550
14 rooms; north of Market: clears $50 .. 550
11 rooms; all new furniture GOO
IF YOU will CALL ON US WE WILL
'-uit you AS to location. PRICE AND
SIZE OF HOUSE.
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
X— KREDO & CO 224 Geary st.
Money Advanced- on All Houses.
10 rooms; transient; fine corner $500
12 rooms; McAllister; clears $50 325
12 rooms: Golden Gate; elegant.... 900
14 rooms; nil outside bay-windows 800
15 rooms; Geary; clears $100... 1050
17 rooms; elegant; O'Farrell; clears $150.. .50
A— ssso' 37 rooms; best transient; clears $150 a
month.. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.
BARGAINS at National Agency, 7 Grant ave.:
10 rms.: Hyde 5t.. 5260 18 rms.; Post 5t.... $600
IS rms • Third St.. 650 37 rms. ; Howard... 700
20 rm s"; Geary st. 600 50 rms.; Bush st... 1250
100 others. National Agency. 7 Grant ave.
LODGING-HOUSE: bargain; - this day. Me-
LAT'GHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
~~~ HOTEL FOR SALE.
rO)R~sale— Family hotel 76 rooms; corner; cen-
tral location: fine view; doing good business;
low rent; long lease. Inquire W. HEN-
DRICKSON, room 614, Claus Spreckels bldg.
PERSONALS.
NORTON— Come home; all right.
FATHER.
LEDERER, the hairdresser, uses Quinonla for I
a hair tonic; it's unsurpassed; 35c a bottle; !
try it. .Q. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, charges
but 25c; Lederer's Foamo Shampoo is the
most popular hair wash in the market; only
5c a package. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton. I
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture; j
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail; coun- !
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO., 313 Sutter.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
have your shoes made to order at store prices
by Family Shoe Factory, 1550-1554 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $160 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. |
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments, !
prices reduced, at HODGE'S, 906 Market st.
TOOTHACHE — Use One-Minute Toothache
Drops; for sale by all druggists; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, agee 3 to 18;
manufacturer's coat. 107 Sansome. upstairs.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
SUITS to ' order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market Pt.. bet. 7th and Bth.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of Tbs CalL
Subscription* and ads taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
BAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant Ety'iish dresses $5
up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. rm«, 14-15.
HOUSES TO LET.
A CHEAP house; 8 rooms, bath. 2529 Bryant
St., near Twenty-fourth; only $18.
HYDE 416— Sunny house of 7 rooms and bath
in good order. Apply 418 Hyde st.
MODERN residence, 3415 Jackson st.: grand
view: 11 rooms and bath. Apply MADISON
& BURKE, C26 Market st.
OAK 29, near Market- 12-room house; rent
$40;' 2 permanent roomers still in house, who i
pay $25 per month, desire to stay: reliable
tenant only. Apply to 15 Grant ave.
PERRY 208, near Fourth— 4 rooms and yard;
rent $8; water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO. '
SUNNY house; 1096 Union St.; 7 room 6, bath;
nearly new; large yard; $30. Apply to L. C.
RABIN. 413 Keai-ny st.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gemery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$18— SUNNY cottage: 5 rooms and bath and
stable; corner of Dolores and Cumberland.
FURNISHED FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath; with
piano. 721 4 Grove st.
FLATS TO LET.
AT 1142 Golden Gats ave.— Lower and middle
flat: 6 rms.; modern conveniences; sunny side.
BEAUTIFUL sunny upper flat. 6 rooms and
bath- unfurnished; modern; $12; water free.
BIS Golden Gate ave. or NAVLET, 401 Geary.
CLAYTON. 874. south of Frederick — Modern
sunny fiat of 4 rooms and bath.
HAYES, 839— Branch office of The CalL Sub-
scriptions and ada taken.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Upper flat of 5 rooms;
gas; bath; rent $16.
LINDEN ave., 331 — 4 rooms and bath. Call at
32S Fell st.
A I, LISTER. 726— Upper flat; 7 rooms, bath;
rent $27; key at 725.
NEWLY-PAINTED 6 and 6 room flats; rent re-
duced. 1037A Dolores st.
SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage, 5 rooms; cheap. NE. cor. Dolores & 15th.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. ft
$- _ THREE rooms, upper flat: sunny. 267A
Dore St.. off Harrison, near Ninth.
2OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis- j
sion St.. between Eighth and Ninth. i
$12, $14, $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4, 6 and
6 rooms. 2208 Geary st.
$25— MODERN flat of 8 rooms, bath; 1 or 2
families. 1128 Howard at.
$13— FLAT of 4 rooms. 125 Page st., between
Gough and Octavla.
ROOMS for housekeeping.
TTkOADWAY, Large sunny bay-window
suites and single rooms; gas; bath.
BUSH 1203V4— 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping, with use of piano If desired.
FIFTH, 153H — Sunny suit of rooms and house-
keeping room; also other rooms.
FIFTH. 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpng. rms.; stove, closet, bath: private; $10.
FOLSOM, H'—Lirpe front room for house- i
keeping.
FRANKLIN, 237— Furnished room for or with-
out light housekeeping. j
GEARY, — Large sunny newly furnished I
room; also room for housekeeping: gas range, i
GROVE, 131—1 ninny furnished room; suit- j
able for light housekeeping.
GROVE 202, corner Van Nees ave.— Sunny un-
furnished S-room suite, with gas range. \
HOWARD, Kitchen and bedroom furnished '
complete; and others reasonable.
HOWARD. Sunny front parlor and house-
keeping rooms.
LANGTON, 230%— F100r of 3 rooms, furnished
fur housekeeping; basement.
McALLISTER, 422— Sunny front room; running j
water.
MINNA, 371, near Fifth— Furnished large sun- !
ny room; stove; closets; private family.
MISSION 1217— Sunny front suites complete for
. housekeeping; $12. $14 and $16.
MOSS. 13,' off Howard— 2 or 3 rooms furnished
for housekeeping.
OCTAVIA, 1410, near Geary— Sunny rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
POLK, 607— Runny front rooms, furnished, in-
cluding piano; rent reasonable; also single
rooms. ,
POST Unfurnished sunny connecting
rooms; gas; water; yard; newly furnished j
halls. . '
SCOTT, 113—2 large sunny connecting rooms;
partly furnished; gas, bath.
SHIPLEY, 259 — 4 housekeeping rooms, $6; new
house; for adults only, and no animals.
SIXTH 23^4— Sunny front rooms complete for
light "housekeeping; also single rooms; rcas.
SIXTH 216 1 A nice sunny furnished room
and kitchen complete; also single; reasonable.
SIXTH 420— Sunny bay-window rooms; house-
keeping: run, water, bath; also single ran.
SIXTH. 561. in the rear— S large unfurnished
rooms; cellar and yard.
TAYLOR, 323— Nicely furnished parlor floor
complete for housekeeping: also other rooms. ;
THIRD — Large furnished room complete,
$7; 2 for $10: bedroom. $5 month.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
tunny rooms: en suite or single; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable,
AT 62 Second— Double rooms per week. $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50; day, 25c to 50c.
BALBOA, The, 1049 A Market— hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr;tel.
BUSH, 421 — Furnished and housekeeping
rooms.
CALIFORNIA, S32— Elegant suite sunny fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen; board if desired.
DELAWARE, 1433 Furnished or un- |
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo. |
FIFTH. • 309 — Three nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; other housekeeping rms.
FOLSOM, 866— Furnished sunny front bay-win- i
dow room; bath and gas. ■
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— night. 25c to
$1; week $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell St.— Cheap, neat.
light, sunny rooms; transients, gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms.; transient. Mrs. King.
HOWARD. 822—2 sunny hall bedrooms; $4 and
$6; private. '
JONES, Nicely furnished large sunny bay-
window front room; private.
LA I: KIN, 1200, opp. Lurline Baths— Sunny fur-
nished rooms; from $4 up. •
20 MARY, near sth. and Mission— 7 rooms;
double parlors; $22 50. ' ./ '
MISSION, 1220— Sunny front alcove room; also
single room; $5. .
OAK. 336— Furnished and , unfurnished large
sunny rooms.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
OTARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
PAGE, 1312, near Lyon— Fine alcove room, with
i or without kitchen; reasonable.
POST, 910—2 sunny front rooms for gentlemen;
$6 50, $8 50: private family.
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Club>— Elegantly
furnished rooms; second floor; leasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 120 — Front suites and single rooms;
also housekeeping rooms.
THE BRUNSWICK, 148 Sixth St., corner How-
ard—Best appointed ; centrally located; rooms
en suite or single, 25c to $1 night; $1 25 to $5
week; open all night; Howard-st. cars pass
huu.se direct from all boats and trains.
VAN NESS ave.. 1109— Front Suite.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARDING houses find it to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
BUSH, S22— Sunny suite; good board; hot and
cold water; single rooms.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
GEARY, S22—Sunny rooms: hot and cold water;
good table board; reasonable; Kas; bath.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
OTARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; home cook-
ing: parlor: piano; bath- gents; special rates.
SUTTER. 112S— Elegant room and board: loca-
tion unsurpassed ; reasonable.
SOUTH PA UK. I"^— Furnished room, with
board, $4 and $5; home cooking.
VAN NESS ave., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and filng:!** rooms; first-class table hoard. <f
STORES TO LET.
CORNER store. Twenty-second and Castro sts.;
suitable for grocery and bar.
SMALL store for rent In country: best for
tailor; give one month free. Refer to M.
S'^HETER & BRO., 16 Sansome st.
STORE with living ai artments, suitable for
harnessmaker or plumber. Apply 414 Bran-
nan st.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.:
light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $U 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARnNER. room 210.
OFFICE to let at 10*55 Market St., opposite
Jones; newly furnished suite.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $2'-<5 00
Steinway upright 187 50
Chtokerlng upright 235 10
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cuph and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash: bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 nnd
$:, per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chlcaeo Is KOHLER & CHARE'S.
2*. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
YOTT want a piano? Why not call on us?
g OTT, CURTAZ PTANO CO. We rent, we
Mil, we buy for cash. We own our own
building. We guarantee anything purchased
from us for ten years. 560 Hayes st^
DURING the next few weeks while our store
Is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains In pianos and musical merchandise;
call and get our prices. ZEXO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 76D Market st.
A STEINWAY. $175; Steck. $150: Estey. $22:,;
Fischer. W>: Weber, $200; easy payments;
pianos rented $1 50 up: rent allowed on pur-
chase. Bruenn's Piano House, 204 Post st.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and In perfect order; a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms, ISIS Market st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. sole agents for Chick-
erlng. Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 OTarrell st.
$,-,<v-rPRIGHT piano and stool, good condition:
nice cabinet. $5 Installments. 1115 Post st.
A~MAQNIFICENT high grade piano, slightly
used; cheap for cash. Room 10, Flood bldg.
BARGAIN; good Steinway upright: cheap.
SCHMITZ. 1« McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
AN elegant Steinway. upright, for $2",0 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness ave.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Maury. 30S Post St.
HAINES' Bros, and other flrst-elass pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
NEARLY new uprlcht piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORXVNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest; uprights. $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis St.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
I.ER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
ST'PERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 I«itham place.
HORSES.
A THOROUGHBRED trotter for sale: 7-year-
old mare: sound, stylish ami gentle; $75. Six-
Mile House. San Bruno road.
60 HORSEB of every description at Emporium
Balesyards, 220 Valencia St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 527 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE, Auctioneers.
GOOD road horse for sale cheap. Apply 43
Dehon st.
JTJST arrived— 2 carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Ocridental Balearardj, 721 Howard.
W AGON'S AND CARRIAGES.
COST $5000 — An established carriage business;
wagons, hacks, buggies and harness: cash
trade: no book accounts: reasonable offer not
refused. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
BARGAINS— Must be sold: wagons, butteries.
hacks, phaetons, carts and harness, or will
sell as a whole. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
A— BEAUTIFUL 14-karat gold ladies' stem-
winding watch for $15; worth $35. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
LOVERS of setter dogs residing where game is
plentiful can get good bargains by calling on
me. FRED CUCHE, dog trainer. 126 Gutten-
berg st., Station L, near Ocean View.
lak<;e 3-'-f<>"t launch; l-l io< twain; 10 borae-
power. Box 1652, Call office.
ONE 37-ft launch, 12 horse power, gasoline; 30-
ft. sloop; 21-ft. launch, 2 horse power, gaso-
line; 36-ft. launch hull; 60-ft. tug boat: bar-
gains; new and second-hand boats. H. EN-
GELBRECHT, succe: sor to San Francisco
Launch Co., North Point and Stockton sts.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st..
above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE. 516 Mission St.
KAKiOS— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento St.
1 AND 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate ave.
SECOND-HAND lumberf old buildings bought
and removed. Yard, Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL. Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
ther; pulleys cvr"d 519 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20: records, $5 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupl. 938-952 Market.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 757.
BAFES — Bargains In new and second hand; all
glzes; half original cost. IO'J-11l Market. S. F.
SBWUICi MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC. DomeFtic. Singer and White
cheap: repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 46.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hibernla Hank.
ADVICE free— W. P. ADAMS. *>7 Emma
Spreckels bldg., 927 Market; charges moderate.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 9*7 Market rt.
, MEDICAL. : V . !
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that MR3.
DR. GWYER has returned to the city and |
resumed business; a sure and safe cure for i
all female diseases from whatever cause;
all those who are sick or discouraged should ;
call on the doctor and state their case be-
fore going elsewhere: they will find her a
true friend; home for patients with every
comfort: satisfaction guaranteed by MRS.
DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
Dills, $l; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR.
. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones. ■
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free; v con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
st.; Dills. $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box. sent free by ■
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all '
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 2S i
Grant ave.. S. F. A caution— Before pur- '
chasing elsewhere write us. i
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat- I
ter from what cause and how long standing; I
every woman her own physician; restores al- ]
ways In one day: safe and sure: no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
naves disgrace; pills and capsules, $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years, DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny St. : :
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly:
consult free; confidential: hours. 9 a. m. to
5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & C0.. 406 C1ay St.;
$1 F.O. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 531 K St.. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
ave.: private ,home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 60;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cnl.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
LOANS to salaried people holding permanent
positions; no security except their name;
easy payments. New Era Loan Co.. rm. 25,
1003H Broadway, Oakland: hours 10 to 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY mount at 6^4 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St., opp. Olympia Music Hall
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK, llfi McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$30 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st. j
MONEY WANTED.
$1500 WANTED for 6 or 12 months 10 per cent; i
on good Indorsed or Joint note. Box 1619. Call.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$13,000— 50-VARA lot with large house of 16
rooms and stable, lawn, etc., fronting oh . 3
streets. 2 corners; streets bltuminized, con-
crete sidewalks, stone bulkhead; place worth
$23,000; must be sold: mortgage of $10,000 can
remain: lot alone worth $20,000: best West-
ern Addition location. O. D. BALDWIN &
SON. 22 Montgomery st. • . .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1400— TO close an estate; lot 40x100; modern
house. 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school. '
$1000 — Snap: lot 50x150: house of 4 rooms; 2
blocks from Morton-st. station.
$2800 — Colonial cottage. 7 rooms and
bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms.
Elegant home on Central ave.; lot 50x207. See
this at once. Houses to let In all parts of Ala-
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, installment home
builders and real estate agents, 1500 Park st:,
Alameda. Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA Tract again on the market;
prices reduced; on San Pablo ave.. 3 miles
north of Berkeley: lots and by acreage; look
at this. Send for map to G. W. HAIGHT,
220 Sansome st., S. F.
$3000— 6-ROOM cottage: bath, laundry; 1% acres;
12 mln. walk to Berkeley stn. Freese & Cod-
dlngton. 2119 Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley stn.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats, $12 to $17: no dark rms.;
stove and porcelain bath; water, ash man
free; Adeline station. Oakland: key 940 Union
st. KOENIG & KROLL. 1006 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY. 1229— Unfurn housekpg rooms,
carpets: reasonable to responsible parties.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap.. H.~SCHE__-
HAAF' 'Id «tore. 4(W TClevpnth it !»»« hl--
PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted — Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m..
Saturday, December 10, IS9S, and opened im-
mediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville), for six months commencing
January 1, 1539, and ending June 30, 1899.
Schedules with information and instuctions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the
schedules, and no bid will be considered un-
less it Is in accordance with such schedules.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some .veil known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room 13, 320 Sansome
et., San Francisco, Cal. By order of the
Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Military Supplies— 36 New
Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.. October
27, IS9B. Sealed proposals in triplicate will be
received here until 11 o'clock a. m.. November
28, IS9S, and then opened, for furnishing one
tug boat. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture,
conditions of price and quality being equal
(Including In the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon), and such preference given
to articles of American production and manu-
facture produced on the Pacific Coast to the
extent of the consumption required by the
public service there. The United States re-
serves the right to accept or reject any or
. all proposals or any part thereof. Proposals
for delivery at other points will be enter-
tained. Information and blank proposals fur-
nished on application. Envelopes will be in-
dorsed "Proposals for Tug Boat, No. 6096."
"and addressed to LIEUTENANT COLONEL
OSCAR F. LONG. United States Volunteers,
Depot Quartermaster.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving- Co.
Office 401 Post st., cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and. death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and ba
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
-■■-"•• ■•■
COOK— this city, November 23, IS9B, to the
wife of John Cook, a, daughter.
CROW— In this city, November 22, 1898. to the
wife of T. Crow, a son. ■ . -
———————
marbiedT"
HERBERT— In this city. Novem-
ber 24, 1898, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson,
D.D., George Arthur Herbert of San Fran-
cisco and Maude Zula Jeffery of Graf ton.
West Virginia. • • ' ' • -
MENDELSON— SMITH— In this city, November
14. 1393, Harry Mendelson and Eva P. Smith,
both of San Francisco. . ' ;
DIED.
Antonovlch, Stella McCarthy, James T.
Bosq. Elizabeth R. Meyers. Rose A.
Burke, Mrs. Richard Nolan, Henrietta
Carroll. BriJget O'Brien. Mary. A.
Chandler, Henfy J. O'Rourke. Ellen
Dibben. Llllie Scott, Alexander
Downing, Mary Selke. Kenneth L.
Doyle, Maurice Snow, James
Duffiela. Gertrude Travis, Charles F.
Ellis. Michael ' Uhlhorn. Gertrude F.
Hopps, Charles Walsh, Ida M.
Kendall, Arthur Watts, Benjamin F.
Lipman, Morris White, Jonathan _.
1 ANTONOVICH— In this city, November 22. IS9B.
Stella, youngest and beloved daughter of
Nicholas and the late Kate Antonovlch. and
sister of Mrs. G. Mostahinich. a native of
San Francisco, aged IS years 10 months and
i 24 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her father. 921 Jackson street, between
Powell and Mason, thence to St. Mary's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
I celebrated for the repose of -her soul at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BOSQ— In this city. November 23. 1898, Eliza-
beth Rose Bosq, a native of France, aged
68 years 6 months and 6 days. - ;. - -
tCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
! dence, 1023 Sutter street, thence to the Church
of Notre Dame des Vlctoires for services.
Interment private.
DONAHUE-BURKE— A solemn requiem mass
j will be offered to-morrow (Saturday) morn-
Ing, at 9 o'clock, in St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, Van Ness avenue, for the repose of the
i soul or Mrs. Richard Burke, daughter of the
late James and M. A. Donahue, and niece of
the late Mr. Peter Donahue of San Francisco.
The death of Mrs. Burke occurred recently at
her residence In Featherd, Tipperary, Ire-
land.
CARROLL— In this city, November 14. 1398,
Bridget Carroll, beloved mother of Joseph anil
Mar}' Carroll and Mrs. Daniel Tierney. a
native of Ballybunion, County Kerry. Ire-
land, aged 65 years.
(T^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 408 Seventh street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CHANDLER— In this city, November 22. 1898.
Henry J.. beloved son of Emma J. and the
late David S. Chandler, and brother of Wal-
ter G.. Willie G. and Luther C. Chandler, a
native of New Hampshire, aged 36 years .1
month and 22 days.
tC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the California-
street M. E. Church, corner of California and
Broderlck streets. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
DIBBEN— In this city, November 24. IS9B. Lil-
lie, beloved wife of H. Dibben, a native of
California, aged 23 years.
DOWNING— In this city, November 23. IS9B.
Mary Downing, beloved mother of Frankie
Gerrish, a native of Boston, Mass., aged S3
years 3 months and 17 days. .-';>.
DOYLE— In this city, November 24. 1898. Mau-
rice, beloved husband of the late Mary Doyle,
and father of John J. Dovle. Mrs. Joseph
Rodgers and Mrs. Thomas C. Broderiek, a
native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
DUFFIELD— In this city. November 24, ISM,
Gertrude, beloved daughter of Jennie and
George W. Duffleld Jr., a native of San
Francisco, aged 22 days.
Funeral and Interment private.
ELLIS— In this city. November 22. 1898, Mich-
ael, beloved husband of the late Maria Ellis,
and father of Officer Thomas P., John and
Lottie M. A. Ellis, a native of Ireland, aged
77 years 8 months and 3 days.
[C?"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 24 Ford street, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth, Sanchez and Noe,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, Sixteenth
and Dolores streets, where a requiem high
' mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HOPPS —In Alameda. November 21, 1898.
at 1525 Pacific avenue, Charles E.. beloved
husband of Ellen A. Hopps, a native of Bos-
ton. Mass., aged 63 years and 9 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple. Post and Montgomery streets. San Fran-
cisco, under the auspices of Occidental Lodge
No. 22, F. and A. M. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery, San Francisco.
KENDALL— In this' city. November 23. 1898.
Arthur, dearly beloved son of Frank and
Emma Kendall, and brother of Frank. Julia,
August and Roy- Kendall, a native of San
Francisco, atred 6 years 7 months and 16
days. ...
LIPMAN— this city, November 24. IS9S, Mor-
ris, beloved husband of Rosalie Lipman, and
father of Lena. Samuel and George M. Lip-
man, a native of Schneidemuhl, Prussia,
aged 59 years 4 months and 15 days.
MCCARTHY— this city. November 22, 1898,
James T. McCarthy Jr.. beloved son of James
T. and Anna F. (nee Crowley) McCarthy, a
native of San Francisco, aged 3 years 8
months and 9 days.
JCs"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 424 Clementina street.
MEYERS— In this city, November 22. 1898, Rose
A., beloved wife of Frank W. Meyers, and
only sister of Agnes Kerns, a native of Clin-
ton. Mass.. aged 25 years and 10 months.
(Clinton. Mass., papers please copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig & Cochrar Co.. 52 and C6 Mint avenue.
Interment Holy Crew Cemetery.
NOLAN— Agnews. November 22, 1898. Hen-
rietta, beloved wife of William 11. Nolan,
and mother of Francis L., William EL, James
E., John S. and Susana L. Nolan, a native
of San Francisco, aged 3S years.
[n~The funeral will take place this day
(Friday) at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Brendan's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city. November 22, IS9B.
Mary Ann O'Brien, a native of Ireland, aged
61 years.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(FTiday). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission street.'
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'ROURKE— In this city. November 23. 1398,
Ellen, beloved daughter of the late Patrick
and Elizabeth O'Rourke, a native of Boston.
Mass.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully invited to attend the funeral this day-
(Friday). at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 120 Austin street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. - S --*-■. ■ ■-"-;'.;-"' •
SCOTT— In Oaklnnd. November 23. IS9B. Alex-.
ander Scott, brother of Mrs. Anne S. Ireland
and P. M. Scott, and uncle of Elizabeth J.,
William, Alexander S. and James Ireland, a
native of Dumbarton. Scotland, aged 57 years.
"(TXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services '
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1016 East Twenty-sixth street, be-
tween Nineteenth and Twenty-first avenues.
I East Oakland. Interment Private ; •
I BEIKE-In this city. November 24. ISM. Ken-
neth Lloyd, beloved Infant son of Richard B.
and Aggie Seiko, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 months and 27 days.
SNOW— this city. November 24. 1898, James,
dearly beloved husband of Annie Snow.,
father of John and Genevleve Snow, son of
John Snow of Virginia City, brother of Mrs.
James Millett and John Snow Jr., and
- brother-in-law of Emma and John Klunder. -
a native of Virginia City, aged 34 years and
n4rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
November 27. at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 222 Fair Oaks street, thence to St.
James Church, corner Twenty-third and •
Guerrero streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing; at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
TRAVIS— In this city, November 23. 1898.
Charles F. Travis, a native of Connecticut,
aced 70 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fullv invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co.. US Geary st
UHLHORN— In this city, November . 23. 189;*. .
Gertrude Franklin Uhlhorn. daughter of the
late -Stephen Franklin, a native of New Or-
leans aged 61 years and 6 months.
(CT Funeral and Interment private.
WALSH— In this city, at her residence, 124 Olive
avenue Ida M., beloved wife of Joseph
Walsh and sister of Mrs. P. Spadier, Mrs. A.
Smith and Kittle and Ada Hlggins, a native
of Buffalo. N. Y.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
WATTS— In the City and County Hospital, No-
vember 24. 1838. Benjamin Franklin Watts, a
native of Kentucky, aged 65 years.
WHITE— In this city, November 23, . ISM,
Jonathan Lloyd White, aged 48 years and 6
months. ':*
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
November 27,' at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Excelsior Lodge No. 166.
F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE— Sisters; You
are hereby notified that a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated this day (Fri-
day), at 8:30 o'clock, at St. Joseph's Church.
San Jose, for the repose of the souls of the
deceased members of our order.
MRS. MART A. NAGLE. Grand Pres.
JOSEPHINE T. MOLLOY. Grand Sec.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
" (Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher), .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. _______
m ,,,, m 1,,^ ljiu— '
I B. McAVOY, Manager.
McAVOY A CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEM
1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th.
Telephone. South247^^^^^^^
1112
THE OFFICIAL
RETURNS ARE
NOW COMPLETE
Gage's Majority Is
Almost 20,000.
A WAGER AND THE RESULT
MAJOR MCLAUGHLIN'S DOUBLE
OUTFIT.
Report Has It That C. W. Kyle of
This City Will Be Chief Clerk
of the Next General As
sembly.
The official vote of every county in
the State outside of San Francisco has
been collected and tabulated by the As-
Bociated Press and it is now possible
to give the exact majorities of all of
the successful candidates on the State
ticket. In San Francisco the vote is !
complete but -official, but it may be
considered as official, because the offi
cial count will work no change that
is material.
The official returns show that the to
tal vote given Henry T. Gage for Gov- j
ernor was 148.169. James G. Maguire re- i
ceived 128.946 votes, thus giving Gage j
a majority of 19,223. For Secretary of
Btate Charles F. Curry received 131.- j
401 votes, while his opponent, R. A.j
Thompson, received 129.283, leaving
Curry a majority f 2118. The complete
vote cast in each county for Governor j
and Secretary of State is given in the |
accompanying table: I
Governor.
0 3
« »
n a
: ?
-
Secy.
i
State.
V
c
B
c
p
0
c
1
n
«4
.Alnmeda
Alpine
Anindor •
Untie
InvcniH
Coliimu
Contra Costa
1)«1 \oftf I
El Doriuio ;
l're«i;o j
<>R»iin - |
II tun >><>! .li !
Inyo j
Kern I
Kings •
Lake
Lusien ..........••...••
1 . <■ « Angeles 1
>; ." '5 <■ ra i
Marln I
MnriDona j
Mendoctno
MfrccU 1
Modoc
Mono •
Monterey
Nairn
Nevada i
O ran ire ••• • j
l'lacer ■ • I
Plnntax 5
Kivemiae
Sacramento
San Ileiilto |
Sail H«-ru«rili:io
San i lifts"
:i ii Franclnco ■
*:. n Joaqnin •
Ban I.vis <>l>l«i>o
San Jlateo
Santa llnrbara I
San Clara
Santa Cruz j
SlinHtu ■
Sierra I
Stalely on
Solano j
Sonoma ......•••■• .••••••... !
$>lniiiitlan^
Sutter
Telinma •
Trinity
Tain re
Tinilunine
Ventura • •
Yolo
Tuba
lZ.osot 8,308
fi4 28
1.351 1.304'
2,24.% 2.012
S. <;(>:» 1,432
004 1.076
1,81>3 1,4 72 i ;
354 3AS
1,340 1,428
2.783 3.400
501 8281
3,171 2.207 ,
4 7s 6<»B
1,723 1,886
818 898
027 757
568 4»S
14,883 12,052 :
558 505
1.34."> 1»45
52 1 747
2,004 2,188
801 1,0741
375 649
385 241
1.05)5 2.050
1,f>47 1.518
2,577 1,971
1.002 1,781
2.21 1.808
000 544
2.118 1.518
5.050 3.414
738 S*B4
2,688 2,50(S !
3,40«! 3,253
28,035 24.575
3,894 3.018
1,657 I.N2S
1,587 1,008
2.072 1,736
0,821 4,883
2,1 2.051
1,508 2.01S
757 ; 480 i
1,737 1.722! 1
3.004 2.2<>2
4.003 3,687
1,127 1,330
880 704
1,088 1,170
0.57 1 584
1,725 2.245
1,2 1,598
1,044 1,300
1.005 1,651
1,273 1,011
1 148,100 128,040|
~\
8
0,520 0,205
O3 25
1,261 1.103
! 2, 105 1,946
I 1,636 1.314
521 1.110
I 1,835 1,350
335 201
1.270 1,360
2,570 3,102
552 702
3.008 2.070
45« ; 478
1.50G 1,743
812 883
; 500 705
! 480 444
I I 14,007 11,100
408 727
1,000 1.025
407 «SO
i 1,986 1,980
7OT 1,047
357 540
331 1 220
1.N31 1.008
1.753 1,458
2,341 1,857
1,930 1,665
, 2.007 1,000
661 400
2,020 1,353
I -.hi. 3.3 15
I OHS 802
2.010 2.358
3,411 2.003
: 21.632 27.040
3,323 3,204
1,520 1,834
1.300 1,102
1,002 1.557
i 0.337 4.005
2.012 1,915
I 1,408 1,877
704 449
I 1.02 M 1. <;.-,*
2,407 2. .'»»«;
! 3,453 3,907
O«2 1,330
821 001
1,017 1.103
588 007
1.500 2,240
! 1,127 1,418
1,570 I.2S<{
1,522 1,634
1.100 1,021
I 131, 40 i: 120,283
I
Totals ....... . . . . !
Many bets were made on the size of
Gage's majority, and the announce
ment of the result has brought joy to
B' me gentlemen of sporting proclivities
and woe to others. Chairman Frank
McLaughlin of the Republican State
Central Committee is perhaps the sad
dest man who backed his opinion with
his cash. The major was confident that
Gage's majority would exceed 20,000
votes— so confident, in fact, that he
made a wager with W. W. Foote to the
effect that the official returns would
Bhow Maguire to be at least 20,000 votes
behind his more popular opponent.
This was not an ordinary wager, as
will he shown wLon its conditions are
stated. It was agreed that the loser
6hould purchase for the winner one
complete outfit of wearing apparel to
cost not less than $500 — the outfit to in
clude shoes, socks, underwear, linen,
one suit, neckties, gloves, overcoat and
hat. The specifications called for a silk
hat of the finest make and latest block;
an overcoat lined throughout with the
finest quality of silk and to have deep
cuffs and collar of the best and most ex
pensive Russian able; underwear of
knitted silk to cost not less than $27 a
suit; a dozen pairs of socks of as fine
a texture of silk as ever came from the
loom; and shoes of patent leather, hand
made and warranted t' shine un
dimmed for many moons. The balance
of the outfit was of course to be in
keeping with the articles named, and
all to cost not less than $500.
Major McLa-> ghlin is nothing if not an
optimist. "When the returns came in
after election he was so certain that
fiage's majority would reach 20,000 that
he went out and gave the order to have
£]1 of the beautiful and expensive arti
cles mentioned in the bill of particulars
of the stipulated wager between him-
Ee!f and Mr. Foote made to fit his meas
urement. Now the major is somewhat
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COOKED LIKE RAW MEAT.
Our baby's face and neck was all raw meat,
and something awful to look at. The way
that child suffered, mother and child never
had any rest day or night as it constantly
itched, "and the blood used to flow down her
cheeks. We had doctors and the dispensary
■with no result. By using Cotiodra Resol-
vent, Ci'ticura (ointment), and Ccticuba,
Soap, the child wax entirely healed.
Mrs. GARXJOSS, 213 Nassau Ave.. Brooklyn.
Mothers, to know that a warm b&thwith Ccticvb*
' Bo*f, uml ii «inffle anointlnß with Clticura, will afford
Instant relief in the mm'. dUtre»«ing of itching, burning,
and fculv intiattle humor* of the tkin and sculp, with
ioM of hair, and not to u»e them. In to fail in your duty.
Bold throat hont the world. Pottib Ditra Airr> Ckkjs.
Cohf., Prop*., Cotton, liow to Cure Baby Husaort,&e«.
above the medium height and— must it
be said?— somewhat corpulent. Mr.
Foote is several inches shorter and
does not boast of so great a girth.
There facts— ordinarily of little conse
quence and not calculated to detract
from the individual style of beauty of
either gentleman— was brought vividly
to the notice of the major when the of
ficial returns were announced, and he
realized that he had lost the wager.
Having ordered the outfit for himself,
he now realizes that he will be forced
to take it because the articles of which
it is comprised will not fit Mr. Foote.
This does not relieve him, however, of
the necessity of paying for another and
similar outfit which has just been or
dered by Mr. Foote. To add to his sor
rows the winner threatens to dress
himself in the new finery, patent
leather silk tile, sable trimmed over
coat and all. and hire a special train to
carry him to Santa Cruz, where he in
! tends to spend one entire day strutting
up and down in front of the major's
palatial residence on Beach Hill.
There has been considerable specula
tion during the past few days as to
who will be selected for the position of
chief clerk of the Assembly. During
the last two sessions the place was held
by S. J. Duckworth. It is asserted in
many quarters that the place will
probably be given to Charles W. Kyle,
the well known attorney, of this city.
During the campaign Mr. Kyle
stumped the State in the interests of
the Republican State ticket, and his
services as a campaign orator were
Invaluable.
FASHIONABLE
NOON WEDDING
Nuptials of Miss Ethel
Murphy and John
McGowen Blddle.
Miss Ethel Murphy and John McGowan
Biddle of Washington, D. C. were mar
ried "Wednesday at noon.
The handsome new home of Mr. and
Mrs Samuel G. Murphy, at the corner of
Pacific avenue and Pierce street, was the
scene of the nuptials, which were cele
brated in a most unostentatious manner.
About seventy guests were invited to be
present at the wedding. That the affair
wa3 marked by the utmost simplicity
was the wish of the bride. The decora
tions were exquisite, but not elaborate.
In the main reception room, where ihe
couple plighted their troth, there was a
wealth of La France and Bridesmaid
Huge bouquets of yellow chrysanthe
mums and American Beauties were used
In the entrance hall.
The bride wore a handsome frock of
white duchesse satin, a fleecy tulle veil
completing the costume.
A?^ r.r .^ nly ,. attendant was her sister, Mins j
Adelaide Murphy, whose dress was of
white satin, shrouded with point d'esprit
and garlanded with pink roses.
Rev Mr. Foute of Grace Episcopal
Church spoke the solemn words which
made the couple man and wife.
Congratulations were showered upon
the happy pair, and then light refresh
ments were served.
Mr. Biddle and his bride left last even
ing for the East, going direct to Wash
ington, where they will make their home
in the future.
FEAST AT THE ALMSHOUSE,
One Thousand Unfortunate Inmates
Enjoy a Thanksgiving Dinner.
One thousand aged inmates of the Alms
house sat down to a royal feast at that
charitable institution yesterday. These
old people, many of them helpless, scores
of them crippled and emaciated from the
ravages of disease, see but little of life's
enjoyment, but yesterday there were not
many among them discontented with their
lot. although some were saddened by the
memory of Thanksgiving days they had
known when they were not dependent
upon charity and feasted by their own
firesides. their families and friends
around them. It was a generous bill of
fare these old people enjoyed. Turkey, of
course, cranberry sauce, mince pie, cakes,
mashed potatoes and green vegetables in
plenty being among the good things
placed before them. At the conclusion
of the dinner those who were able went
to the chapel, whore Rev. D. A. Kelly
held services. Services over all returned
to their quarters happier for the good
time afforded them.
EVIDENCE OF HIS GUILT.
The Police i/ocate the Room of the
Alleged Italian Swindler.
The police last night succeeded in lo
cating the room of Amade Horace, alias
Robert Redeschi, who was arrested in this
city last Wednesday by Detectives Egan
and Gibson, after an exciting chase, in
his room the detectives found two trunk's,
containing a large number of bogus tele
grams and some suspicious correspond
ence.
It Is said that the prisoner used the
telegrams in imposing on his unsuspecting
victims. He will be held pending- further
Investigation.
Narrow Escape of a Child.
Alice McElearney, a little girl 3 years of
age, was knocked down by an electric
car in front of her parents' residence,
1365 Harrison street, yesterday afternoon.
The child was crossing the street to meet
her father, James McElearney, a team
ster, when car 16, which was on its way
to the ferry, struck her. She was lifted
up on the fender and thrown on to the
hard cobblestone?. The child was taken
home, and two physicians were summon
ed. Her injuries consisted of wounds on
the left leg, forehead and scalp, but they
are not dangerous.
Broke Her Leg.
Mrs. Annie Ferrin, 5 McLea court, was
drinking in a saloon on Harrison street
yesterday morning, when she was ordered
out by the proprietor. When she reach
ed the sidewalk she staggered and fell,
breaking both bones of her right leg. She
was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1898.
SOME NOTES
ABOUT THE
STAR PLAYERS
Pitcher Russell Meets
With an Accident.
LOHMAN'S GREAT THROWING
HE DEMONSTRATES A PBACTI
CAX POINT.
Pitcher and Catcher Must Work in
Unison to Consummate Such
Plays — Lange's Long
Hit.
By Joe Corbett.
Pitcher Russell, the star twlrler of the
Oakland club, met with a most serious
accident on Monday last and in conse
quence will be out of the game for at
least six weeks. A weight weighing many
pounds fell on his leg and tore that mem
ber from the calf to the ankle, and not
satisfied with the damage already in
flicted smashed his ankle in a horrible
manner. The doctor said it would be six
weeks and possibly longer before the
great pitcher will be able to take his
turn in the box.
Russell began pitching in the middle of
the season and was a success from the
start. His mark, however, at the begin
ning was not so good as it was a month
later, for he had a few faults which took
time to overcome. He mastered his de
ficiencies in much quicker time than the
average player takes and was. Just before
his sad misfortune, one of the very best
twirlers in the league. Manager Cal
Kwlng 1 feels greatly depressed over the
loss of his great standby and says it wyi
be a hard task to replace him.
Pete Lohman's worth as a catcher
struck baseballdom with terrific force on
Sunday last. The old veteran many were
inclined to believe had seen his best days
behind the mask or chest-protector, but
their minds were changed for good and
all time after Pete's superb exhibition of
throwing to bases in last Sunday's mem
orable contest.
Time and again I have expatiated, with
an occasional bit of acrimony, on the
question that a baseman had no more
right to steal from first to second with
a man on third without being molested
than he had without this runner being on
third. My efforts to spur catchers on to
consummate this play met with iittle or
no success. Each game caw runners
walking from lirst to second, until last
Sunday Ldliman surprised everybody by
catching those runners every time tney
started but once. And even his one man
who escaped did so because Hanley failed
to be at the bag.
Lohman's great work was received with
thunders of applause. Even the most
disinterested spectators knew that this
work of Lohman's was out of the ordi
nary, and therefore the treat was a glori
ous one. I myself felt quite Jubilant, al
though it made but little difference to me
whether Lohman threw to second or not.
1 was persistent in Baying this play could
be made and that no runner had a right to
walk to second base under any circum
stances without some attempt being made
to catch him. My arguments failing to
convince, Lohman's practical demonstra
tion of the play will in all probability
meet with approval. It should, at any
rate, and all catchers in the future should
make the play, for if Lohman can do so
I see no reason why the other catchers
cannot.
The pitcher plays a most important
role in the consummation of this play;
and I really consider him as responsible
as the catcher when the play is not
brought to a satisfactory termination.
The idea among the pitchers of the Pa
cific Coast League is that they, like the
majority of backstop?, labor under the
impression that the runner on first, with
one on third, is entitled to second. They,
therefore, in view of the fact, pay but
little attention to the man on ilrst, and in
consequence he secures a lead that the
TWO CLEVER RING GENERALS.
Lavigne and Traeey, Who Are to Fight Twenty Rounds This
Evening in Woodward's Pavilion.
AT 9 o'clock this evening the two clever exponents of the grame of fisticuffs, George Lavigne and Tom Traeey,
will enter the ring In "Woodward's Pavilion to contest twenty rounds. It can be safely said that the men will
fight on their merits and that the best man will be awarded the decision. The National Club, be It said to Its
credit, has up to the present time the honor and credit of giving first-class fistic entertainments, and it goes
without saying that the contest of to-night will in all probability give better satisfaction than any of the twenty
round bouts which have been carried off under the canopy of Woodward's Pavilion in many moons.
Those who are conversant with the game are well aware of the fact that Traeey and Lavigne are two of the
most expert boxers and ring generals in the fighting business, and as a consequence the lovers and admirers of
high-class sport will doubtless attend in large numbers. The preliminary to the event of the evening will consist of
a ten-round bout between "Speck" Smith and Willie Cole. Smith is the champion feather-weight of the Olympic
Club, and his opponent is champion feather-weight of the Manhattan Club, x rices of admission are |3, $2 and $1.
greatest catcher in the world could not
overcome. Now on a play of this kind
the pitcher and catcher should work in
unison. The first named individual
should hold the runner as near the base
as he would if there were no runner on
third. By doing so the catcher is en
abled to get the ball to second in time,
whereas if the runner on first secures a
good lead it is almost impossible for any
catcher to head him off.
I should like to see all catchers and
pitchers make this play. It cannot be
done always; and, again, a bluff throw to
second will occasionally catch the man
on third napping. A blurt in the proper
place is a good play, but until Lohman
proved my assertion the catchers did
nothing else but bluff. The bluff is all
right in its place, but a continuation of
this thing brings but little good. Once
again I desire to compliment Lohman on
his superb work and upon the lesson he
has taught players who have let such
golden opportunities slip by. There can
hardly be an excuse offered in the future
by any battery for permitting the runner
to walk to second. He must be checked,
for Lohman has clearly demonstrated
that he can be.
Rib Bill Lange has accomplished many
great things during his career as - star
ball player, and the following extract
shows that Bill continues to do these
great things in a surprising manner:
BUI Lange has a record for the season of 1898.
He was the first and only man that hit a
ball over the fence at Cincinnati Park in a
championship game in 1898. Bill made the
rrcord-cracker. His hit was the longest way of
the grounds. It was a high fly, and was car
ried before the lively breeze that was blowing
until it went over the fence at the extreme
northeast corner. In other seasons balls have
been hit over the fence at other points. The
only other base hit In a game that cleared tho
boards was made by big Bill Phillips, now of
the Indianapolis team. Big Bill was then a.
member of the Reds and his hit cannot r>e
compared to Lange 1 s because It was made off
un amateur pitcher. It was a hit in a game
the Reds played against the Cincinnati Gyms.
Lange did not seem to throw his whole force
Into the hit. On the contrary It went off the
bat without the "woody ring that generally
symbolizes a terrific drive. That Elmer
Smith's Judgment of a fly ball is very keen
whs shown by his action on Lange's home run.
Elmer ran two or three tteps when It was
first hit and then stopped. He saw long before
any one else did that it was useless to go after
the ball.  ...
The ball took a curious course after It hit
on the outside. One of the park policemen
gave the heavily-swatted sphere a chase. The
ball first struck the hard granite blocks on
Western avenue. It bounded nearly as high
as the three-story building on the other side
of the street. It took two or three more
bounds and then caromed Into the door of
Kehoe's liquid emporium near the corner of
York street and Western avenue. The ball
struck a mirror and broke it Into smithereens.
Then It caromed again and roiled under a
table where a half-dozen men were playing
cards The barkeeper ducked down behind
the bar and then broke for the door. The card
game broke up precipitately. The occupants
of the saloon were under the impression that
the place had been struck by a bolt of light
ning The sky was overcast at the time, and
thin strengthened their belief. They soon
found the cause of their scare and the ball was
given to the Cincinnati Park policeman who
made his appearance a few seconds later.
Those who are Inclined to be superstitious
found room for reflection from the disastrous
course taken by Big Bill Lange's home run.
"Break a looking-glass and you will have seven
years of bad luck." No one believed that Bill
Lange was going to have any such a direful
time but carrying out the superstition a little
farther the Chicago's had seven runs to the
Red's nothing. This looked like a forlorn hope.
yet the Reds came up from behind, made up
all the lost ground and won out In the ninth
by one run. The superstitious Insist that had
not Lange broken the mirror the Reds would
never have closed up that big gap.
BARNES NOT A CANDIDATE,
He Says He Has No Desire to Be
Adjutant General.
Captain William Barnes of the Eighth
California Regiment declares that he is i
not a candidate for the office of adjutant
general of the State, as reported. On this j
subject he said yesterday to a Call rep
resentative:
"I am not a candidate for the office, nor
would I have the office under any con
ditions. Since it was announced that I
was seeking the place I have received
letters from all ov«# the State in regard •
to It and have heon exceedingly annoyed
by them. 1 would like my friends to \
know how I feel on this matter, and that j
I do not desire the office even If it was In
their power to give it to me."
Thanksgiving at the Prison.
The inmates of the City Prison were
treated to liberal supplies of turkey, pies
and other delicacies yesterday at the
dinner hour. They ate so much that whi>n
asked if they wanted more they had to
decline Sergeant Wolf was determined
to signalize his first Thanksgiving in
charge of the prison in good style, and
he succeeded. Judge Conlan was consid
erate enough not to discharge the
"drunks" until after they had partaken
of their dinner.
Dandruff and Itching Scalp
Cured with Smiths Dandruff Pomade.
For sale by all drupjjists; sample sent free
by Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal. •
GAME PATRIA
A WINNER OF
FIRST PRIZE
Splendid Coursing at
Ingleside Park.
THE HARES WERE VERY FAST
MOONDYNE DEFEATED PRINCE
HAL IN A LONG BUN.
The Successful Competitors of the
Meeting in the Final Rounds
Were Patria, Billy Glad
stone and Lawrence.
Standing room only was the order of
the day at Inglesido Coursing Park yes
terday.
Everybody expected to witness great
coursing, and everybody who saw the
sport left the grounds highly delighted
with the entertainment, as it was of the
very best quality. The hares did justice
to themselves. They were in prime con
dition and they ran like demons. In fact,
better coursing could not be expected on
the famous plains of Merced, where runs
of from one to four miles are not by any
means exceptional occurrences.
The dogs received such gruelers from the
first to the third rounds of yesterday's
meeting that, as will be seen by the re
sults, two of the most promising candi
dates had to be withdrawn in the second
round.
Judge Grace, who Is unquestionably en
titled to the dictinction of the nonpareil
judge of American coursing, acknowl
edged that it aaa been many days since
he had witnessed bo many long and pun
ishing courses as were run yesterday at
Ingleside Park. Doubtless the sharp
north wind had something to do with it,
as there is an old adage that "Nothing on
four legs can beat a March hare."
Yesterday was feelingly, so to speak, a
March day and although ••white" hares
were not in evidence the natives who ap
peared in every day dress Indigenous to
the country which is seldom visited by
general snow, ran with dash and bril
liancy seldom witnessed within the con
fines of an inclosed park.
The course between Old Glory and Vic
tor was a driver on the dogs, which, after
going to the escapes at the extreme ends
of the field, were brought back to within a
few yards of the place of slipping, and
the spectators had a magnificent view of
the finish, which was immediately front
ing the grand stand.
Prince Hal and Moondyne had also a
grueler. The Prince, owing to his indis
position to kill, will never prove a. good
dog to wager on. Moondyne ran a re
markably game course and remained
with his hare until the end.
The winner of first money. Patria, is
one of the gamest dogs that ever shot
from a slip. She proved her good qual
ities at Merced, when, after two most
punishing courses, in the finals she again
entered the slips with a comparatively
fresh opponent, and would have doubtless
won the course had she not killed too
soon. The results of the meeting of yes
terday are appended:
Thanksgiving day. all-age stake, at Ingleside
Coursing Park, prizes $125, $75, two of $40 each,
four of $25 each, eight of $10 each; Judpre, John
Grace; slipper, James Grace; field stewards,
P J. Reilly and T. McHugh. Run-down:
Light foot beat Lady Gllmore. score s—o;
Benlcla Boy beat Lasa o1o 1 Gowrie, score 8—0;
Mind Your Eye beat Lottie M, score 10 — 6;
Soubrette beat Pastime, score 11—6: Mayflower
beat Royal Prize, score 6—o; Hadlwlst beat
Forget, score 12 — 3; Patria beat Fear Not,
score 11—6; Liberty Bell beat Statesman, score
13 4- Rest Assured beat Flying Buck, score
6—l; Billy Gladstone beat Sllkwood, score 6—o;6 — 0;
Moondyne boat I-Ady Herschel. score 3Vi— l;
Prince* Hal beat Fox Kenny, score 14—1; Old
Glory beat lowa Girt, score 13—6; Victor beat
Glen Roy, score 18—2; Lawrence beat American
Eagle, score 10—5; Brilliantlne beat Nancy Lee,
score 10 — 4.
First round— Llghtfoot beat Benlcla Boy.
score 4—o; Mind Your Eye beat Soubrette, score
IS— S; Hadlwist beat Mayflower, score 16—13;
Patria boat Liberty Bell, score 22—3; Billy
ADVEBTISEm.EIN'J.'&. ; -_-.--.-_-_,_,_
Headquarters for boy's clothes
f Well-dressed boys are self-
respecting boys. The boys
iPiPt^^f who are comfortable and
>S*» WWi WW neat can study better ad-
_J^\^pg^X vantage. You know that
J&Z^r^ ty> fo feeling yourself.
THE KANGAROO ThP^P flothp^
Native of Australia. About 7> l-HCbC CIULIICb
Shi" le^4^ of Si a" are marked dOWn
base 1 foot. Weight about 160 lbs. tAI
to bring you here with [your boys.
Colors: mixed, checks, faint plaids—
colors that don't easily fade. Long pants
—proper shapes. Roll collar vests. Four
button coats. Well made— properly
made. For boys of 12 to 19 years. Sold
regularly at £6.50 and $7
Extra pants for big 12 to 19-year boys, regularly £1.50,
for three days, marked down to $1.20,
VIA '' I'* £""* The exclusive styles of hats, without the
is! *f\ 1 2^ exclusive makers' names arc here at much
I 1 f*\ 1 V-/ less than in exclusive hat stores.
Our leaders— fedoras and derbys.
The best hats offered in town at the price.
Koos Bros.
Kearny and Post
Gladstone beat Rest Assured, score 9—7; Moon
dyne beat Prince Hal, score 34— IS; Victor beat
Old Glory, score 31—12; Lawrence beat Brillian
tine, ecore 11 — 8.
Second round— Lightfoot t>eat Mind Your Eye,
score 13—8; Patria beat Hadiwist, score 3V-2;
Billy Gladstone had a bye with Mayflower;
Lawrence had a bye with Fear Not.
Third round— Patria beat Lightfoot. score 13—
7; Hilly Gladstone beat Lawrence, score 12—7.
Final— Patria beat Billy Gladstone, score
Winners of first, second and third— Patria,
Billy Gladstone and Lawrence.
AT UNION" PARK.
Green Valley Maid Carries Off the
Big Stake.
The coursing was good at Union Park
yesterday. Green Valley Maid, who won
the stake, was In fine condition, and show
ed g-ood speed. She was steady on her
game, and Thornhlll was not able to
score much" In the final. Thornhlll ran
pretty well, and beat several good dogs
before he met defeat.
The sensational course of the day was
the one in which McKinley was beaten
by Maid of Ball, a puppy.
There were short enders everywhere,
and the talent could not well call it their
own day. Rock Island Boy went down
when slipped with Van Cloie, a 5 to 1
shot. Rock Island Boy easily led the
hare, but laid off, and Van Cloie, by
steady working, piled up a score which
made the game hers. Hurricane, a re
cently imported dog, was awkward in the
working of the hares, and was beaten by ]
Van Oloie, The following are the re- j
suits: i
J J Edwards' Morning Glory beat M. Nea
lon's Maid of Erin: T. J. Cronin's Thornhlll
beat T F. Halton's Tic Tac; F. McCorab's
Koyal Flush beat Rincon Kennels' Ski; R. E.
de B. Lopez's Minneapolis beat E. and R. j
Scott's Crusader; Eclip«e Kennels' Diana beat
G & H Kennels' Dempsey Lass; Gem Kennels'
Sky ball beat E & E Kennels' Vigilant; Pem
broke Kennels' Magic beat E. Price's Madge i
Wildfire: W. Creamer's Jersey Lily beat J. R.
Dlckson's Mona; F. Moran's False Flatterer
beat John Anderson's Robin Adair; M. Nea
lon's Van Cloie beat Mllo Kennels' Rock Ils
and Boy; E & E Kennels' Hurricane beat T. J.
Cronin's Wild Tralee; F. Butler's Susie beat
F McCarthy's Rosebud; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Green Valley Maid beat D. Cronin's Swlnner- I
ton- T J. Cronin's Maid of Bail beat Mllo
Kennels' Irma; Curtis & Son's McKinley beat
Pembroke Kennels' Terrona.
Second round— Thornhill beat Morning Glory; !
Royal Flush beat Minneapolis; Snapshot beat i
Diana: Skyball beat Magic: False Flatterer
beat Jersey Lily; Hurricane beat Van Cloie; i
Green Valley Maid beat Susie; Maid of Buil j
beat McKinley.
Third round— Thornhill beat Royal Flush; |
Snapshot beaWSkyball; False Flatterer beat j
Hurricane; Green Valley Maid beat Maid of ]
Bail.
Fourth round— Thornhill beat Snapshot; >
Green Valley Maid beat False Flatterer.
Final — Green Valley Maid beat Thornhlll.
INQLESIDE COURSING DRAW.
A Ijengthy and Excellent Card Pro
vided for Saturday.
Saturday has been picked as a star day
in the history of coursing at Ingleside. I
The card Is unusually long, and the puppy
stake will be run off before noon, com- '
mencing at half-past 10 o'clock. A num
ber of dogs of rare quality will be given
an opportunity of displaying their worth,
and lovers of the sport will turn out in |
large numbers. The following is the re- ■
suit of last night's draw:
Sapling stake, sixteen entries, purse $95 — F.
Murphy's Pleasant Girl vs. J. M. Stlllwell's ;
Alex; James Hurley's Star of Cuba vs. James :
Hurley's Pat Reilly: Kelly & Hanley's Rip- !
ley Boy vs. D. J. Healy'a Maggie N: Kelly !
& Hanley's Baby King vs. J. M. Still well's j
Hatabell; E. Baumelster's Winning Ways vs.
J. Shay's Tißer Lily: D. J. Healy's Granada vs. .
J. Shay's Flrenzl II: J. M. Still well's Oliver !
vs. E. Baumetster's Warrior; F. Murphy's Tea |
Rose vs. D. J. Healy's Daysprlng 1 .
Non-winner's stake, 72 entries, purse $725— ,
H. R. Baldwin's Brutus vs. Larkey & Rocks
Emerald ■"• Moran's Fly Faster vs. P. J- j
G. Kenna's Jesse Mooro; Joe Perry's Fedora
vs. James Hurley's O. K. Capital: F. Moran s j
Bit of Fashion vs. J. E. PauKherty's White
Rocket; O'Connell Bros.' Senorita vs. J. An- !
thony's Admiral Dewey; P. J. G. Kenna's Fear
Not vs. S. E. Portal's At Last; Lowe iz
Thompson's Qulckstitch vs. J. Hurley's Jlmmle |
Rlx; Joe Perry's Commodore Nash vs. J. |
O'Dowd'B Mission Tip; F. Moran's Golden Rus
set vs. A. McLaughlln's Coolrane; C. Strehl s
Skylark vs. D. J. Healy's Pastime; Eclipse
Kennel's Killarney Lass vs. H. A. Decklonian s
Prince George; Pembroke Kennel's Joy Bells
vs. Dillon & Reilly-s Get There; J. MunK
house's Wnigfoot vs. White Earth Kennel s
DaKOta; J. Munkhouse's Breach of Promised.
Nally & Morley'u White Diamond: Gem Ken
nel's Sunburst vs. - Bartels Bros. Rest^As
sured: Pembroke Kennel's Magic vs. Lowe *
Thompson's High Bom Lady; P. O^ 0 "" 6 '^ 8
Counterfeit vs. J. Murnane's Flashllßht. r\
Wood's Pat Malloy vs. P. J- G. Kenna s Mlra
Monte; Gem Kennels Skyball l vs. M. >-. pal " n . ] ?
Pretender; R. W. \V>-man's Rush o the Hill
vs. Handy & Smith's Dauntless^F- A. Me -
Comb's Faultless Beauty vs. A. 'assess Hat
tel: A Frank's- Telephone Girl vs. . B. A. lor
a : . Laurel wood: J. O'SKay'. Tou« Keiners
vs. H. R. Baldwin's Forprlve; Eclipse Kennel s
Innlsf alien vs. E. M. KelloK ■ lowa Olr^ Rus
sell & Wilson's I^idy " u " teI Kenne t^ m r^jy
Neaa's B V^ %J?°f \u000b
Dividend: Va A n c"loio vs. KWt Rajwrtl*
Dividend; victor Queen: J X^ k d i*; a R BBeB S eeßrnelc|e B r n elc |
Wilson's Victor Queen: J. s^ cr r "hrl
J. Quane's Tod Stevens vs. P. J. O. Kenna g 1
O'Grady; J. R. O'Brien's Statesman v«. T.
Mi'N.-U's Sportsman: T. A. Tanning's Bab«
Murphy vs. J. Sullivan's Fashion Plata; Bar
t*l Brl^s.' Ben Hur vs. Russell & "Wllson'B
Glenrosa; Pembroke Kennel's Terrona vs. A.
Mallons Miss Alice.
Monument to Whitney.
A meeting will be held In Ruby Hall
of the Red Men's building on Post street
next Tuesday evening for the purpose of
taking steps to secure funds to erect a
monument over the remains of the late
Frank E. R. Whitney, who at various
times was Chief Engineer of the Fire De
partment of this city.
Anakesis cures piles, nothing else.
Sample free. Addr. Anakesla. New York.'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I THE EOAD TO HEALTH i
Q eHOCLD ONLY BE TRAVELED IN
<y our shoes, for our footwear Is spe- CJ
W daily adapted for our climatic changes, y^
rt We have It made that way. Ladies' *•*
** Shoes, button or lace, particularly neat >*(
I <££ and dressy In appearance, but yet made
I solid and serviceable. The best of Vic! 8
Q Kid, with new Coin Toes and Kid Tips, ~
w Double Soles, with extension edges. The **
jvr latest Vamps and Heel Foxings. Try «
!£$ a pair, either style, button or lace, sold
I ' for $2 25, worth $3, all widths and sizes. 8
j-<
I « U
I 2 SPECIAL — A 16-page book of 0
\ « Views of the Late War will he for- Zl
£> warded to any one sending us the Q
names of 25 ladies residing in the 33
I & country-
la — »
ii% Alaska Seal Shoes, Lace or Con- £
w gress $3 00
I <&. Alaska Seal Shoes, with Cork Soles. 350 «
I ~ Black Box Calf Shoes/for 300 «
" Country orders solicited. *~
& Send for Illustrated catalogue jj
a -2
|O °
g, B. KATCHINSKI, 5
o PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., »
:? 10 Third St., San Francisoo. #
_^^^^^^ k _. Doctor
J||^®^ll M E Y E R S
T<A *&^*?*r Specialists for Men
\yWfi v^JZy'' V s^ -^curing wnkun and con-
vllfc imcttd ailnirntu ilnce 18S1.
VJ/lW X^im^Ml T '"'s r hh * Te the I * r ?" t , * n<l
~~ Wisw^ tfli{5 liSs**.'v(*1 iSs**.'v(** tt ' t " tlon> alul t1 '" n "" t ,""
<%2&JL Cnfortnn*te n»«B who can.
tSTABtISHEO iTvEARS. n< £± C^^bo^
i All lettari confidential. No Charge for Consultation.
731 sA ? FBaIc£cO [Elevator Entrant
IMcnvi 1 rA lost VIGOR.
— AND MANHOOD
Cure* Impotcnc v Night Emissions and wasting
■diseases, all effects of self-abust. or excess and
indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and bleod'buildcr.
Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re*
store* the lire of youth. By mail Oo per
ton 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Btrviu medic*! Co., Clinton « 3acfesen sts., Ghleaga.
WALLER BROS.. 33 Grant ave.. San Francisco.
Munyon'sHeadache and indigestionCurb
is the only remedy en tLc market thai
will cure every form of Headache In I
to 10 minutes, correct -Indigestion. stim-
' ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
» every, traveler's • ripsack. At all Dru««.
• jdiita. 25 cures. 25c