VOLUME LXXXIIT.— NO. 175.
Off to join Dewey
MELLOW its & matin bell, vet
sweet as an Alpine horn, the
voice of a silver-throated bu
gle at dawn awoke the sleep-
ing soldiers of the Presidio yes
terday morning. The clear and pene
trating notes of the reveille announced
that it was time to shake sleep from
soldiers' eyelids and prepare for the
voyage to Manila.
And so the patriotic bugler, standing
erect and looking- toward the purpling
east at break of day, wafted to the
ears of the dreaming soldiers of the
First Regiment of California volun
teers the message that called them to
go forth and flg.it for the flag of their
native land.
Again the bu{,le winds. The day Is
breaking. The soldiers stir and pre
pare to march from the tented field, to
go forth from the quiet, woody places
of the picturesque Presidio to fight for
the principles of honor and Justice an
nounced by the American Government.
So, too, the city stirs, for the cause of
her soldier boys is her cause, the bat
tles of the country are hers. Th^re is a
muffled sound of feet. Flags that
drooped listlessly the livelong night
along their halyards, now undulate
proudly in the morning breeze. A pur
ple mist, giving promise of a perfect
day, hangs o'er sea and land, bathing
spires and domes in a flood of golden
glory.
It is embarkation day, the climax of
weary days of waiting. Inspiring
strains of music echo through the
streets, while colors dip and rise as sol
diers pass.- The city is a rose-wilder
ness of color, the benign sky with blue
and golden tints brooding over all.
San Francisco gave the departing pa
triots from her civilian ranks a heart
r>!t and eloquent farewell that can
never be forgotten. Fmm the moment
that her sons in blue marched from the
parade grounds to the glorious music
of old war tunes until they reached the
monster ship that is to carry them to
the support of the immortal Deivey
they were greeted with re-echoing
cheers from thousands of loyal men,
women and children.
And as they marched proudly
through the city's crowded streets the
national colors waved from the tops of
lofty domes and towers, and the scene
was one of unexampled majesty and
magnificence. Mingled with the cheers
of the multitude were the triumphant
notes of bands, while here and there, in
quiet places, the tears of sorrow trick
led down the furrowed cheeks of age.
Mothers and grandmothers bade fare
well to their darlings, conscious that
the pride and support of many a fam
ily would probably make his bed with
the heroic dead who have battled for
the rights of man since first the light of
freedom dawned.
Long before the day began homes
and business houses were deserted.
People stood for hours waving flags
and cheering as the soldiers passed.
There were flags in the hands of prat
tling babes who understood only the
meaning of bright colors, and flags in
the hands of veterans of historic fields,
while women : t the gates of cottages
and at the windows of splendid man
sions cheered and cried as they remem
bered the gloomy days when dear ones
fell where storms of leaden hail mowed
down heroes of the long ago.
The escort of signal corps preceded
the First Infantry. The columns pre
sented a picturesque sight as they
formed in marching order. The good
bys had been said to mothers, sisters,
sweethearts and wives, comrades of the
camp ground and lingering friends.
Suddenly the civilian soldiers marched
in quickstep to their places, heedless of
everything save the commands of offi
cers.
The music of the bands -~as tenderly
sweet, throbbing with patriotic im
pulses and memories of the battles of
the herolo past. From the Presidio to
the dock the scene was one never to be
forgotten, either by the soldiers who
went forth to offer up their lives for
the flagr they loved, or by the countless
throng that cheered them as they
passed.
The march down Van Ness avenue
was like the historic procession of Ro
man legions going forth among strange
peoples, carrying the banners of Caesar
to lands of warring barbarians. From
Lombard street down to the turn on
Golden Gate avenue the march was a
continuous line of cheering and pa
thetic farewells. Jaded with their
heavy burdens some of the soldiers
faltered on the way and all were weary
at the journey's end.
On Market street the crowd waa such
as the city has seldom seen. Along the
entire line of gleaming steel and pa
triotic blue there wore heartfelt cheers
and sorrowful farewells. And when
the Peking steamed into thestream with
her cargo of human freight there was
a volume of cheers from thousands of
throats, while flags and handkerchiefs
waved good-bys until the last glimpse
of the faces of the soldiers was taken
by their lonely friends along the shore.
LEIGH H. IRVINE.
FOLDED THEIR TENTS
IN THE EARLY DAWN
The First California Volunteers
Break Camp and Start to
Dewey's Aid.
They have gone.
Amid the tears, cheers and prayers
of their mothers*, fathers, sisters,
wives and sweethearts, the soldiers of
San Francisco have marched away to
meet the enemy upon the field of honor.
It was 4 o'clock yesterday morning
when the first notes of the Reveille
The San Francisco Call
pounding through the camp awoke the
men. from what may be for years their
last sleep upon the Presidio reserva
tion, and, indeed, many were awakened
from their last slumber on American
Foil, for in the decrees of fate it cannot
be that of the brave band that marched
away yesterday all will return. Hard
ly had the notes of the trumpet died
upon the early morning air before the
camp took on an aspect of life and an
imation. Around headquarters the of
ficers were busy getting their personal
efforts packed, while in the company
streets the soldiers were engaged in
getting their haversacks packed, their
blankets rolled up and their canteens
filled with water. This was the work
of but a few moments and then the
loading of the camp equipage on large
drays was begun and completed in a
twinkling.
At 5:30 the call for breakfast was
sounded and the men and officers alike
fell to with a hearty zest. Despite the
attempted gayety of all, there was a
general depression that made itself felt
from the colonel down, and the meal
whs not a jolly one. There was no
disguising the fact that all seemed to
realize the great and impending grav
ity of the task that they had under
taken, but there was no lagging, no
desire to turn back; only the men man
ifested, as all brave men do, who un
dertake to defend their flap, the ap
preciation of the uncertainty of fate.
By 6 o'clock a large crowd had gath
ered to see the regiment start, and
when 6:35 o'clock the general call for
striking camp sounded and the whit«
tents fell, the crowd cheered, while
from the camps of the Seventh ana
| Sixth regiments came back a counter
! wave of honest lung power that at
! tested the good will and wishes of the
| less fortunate soldiers, who live In the
i daily hope that their summons to the
I front may come without delay. Com
pany E won the $5 prize for being the
first company to fold up their tents.
It was exactly 10 minutes after 7
when Colo-nel Smith gave the order to
| his majors to form their battalions,
and a few minutes later he emerged
| from his tent and handed to the color
| sergeant of Company B the stand of
! colors that were presented to the regi
| ment by the Chamber of Commerce.
! This was the siernal for the regiment
i to begin its march, and the First, un
| der Majc-r Boxton, filed from the camp
! for regimental formation. Then fol
i lowed the Second, under Major Sime,
while Major Tilden closed in upon the
loft with the Third. As soon as the
formation had been completed, Colonel
Smith gave the order to march, and the
soldiers, with measured tread and
Bteady swing, passed out of the gate
of the Presidio, at exactly 20 minutes to
8. The crowd cheered, hats were
thrown in the air and the women
waved their handkerchiefs and small
flags, while as a last word of parting
and a token of comradeship, th^re
came from the soldiers that were left
behind three rousing cheers that made
the welkin ring.
Along Lombard street the coming of
the regiment was announced by the
blasts from many whistles, while the
crowd that lined the sides of the streets
cheered and cheered, until the vast
wave of human voices, like a sea of
mighty pound, rolled along in advance
of the tramping column. Several halts
were made to rest the men, who were
in heavy marching order. At every
stop some one would rush from the
crowd to clasp the hand of a soidier
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1898.
for a parting word, while more than I
one mother, with tears streaming from
her eyes, seized the opportunity to
kiss her son good-by. Many citizens
kept on foot with the troops along the
line of march.
Stationed at the corner of Lombard
street and Van Ness avenue were one
hundred picked policemen to act as
escort to the vanguard. The policemen
were divided into eight platoons, whose
movements were directed by Captain
Fnillane and Lieutenant Anderson and
Sergeants Donovan, Shay, Coogan,
Harper and Baldwin.
It was nearly 8 o'clock when the Cali
fornia volunteers, 1300 strong, turned
from Lombard street Into Van Ness
avenue, with Colonel Smith and his
staff riding at the head of the long
column. Occasionally Colonel Smith
turned in his saddle to view the regi
ment and it was evident to every ob
server that he felt proud of his corn-
mand, and well he might, composed as i
It is of the best youth and young man- j
hood of the Golden State. The volun- j
teers marched with a soldierly tread.
The men kept step to the soul-stirring
muiio of the fife and drum corps, i
■which upon entering Van Ness avenue
struck up the favorite tune of the
North, "Yankee Doodle," and followed
it with "Dixie," the pet of the South,
thus indicating a union of hearts and
hands in one common cause.
Chief of Police Lees now swung his
men into line at the head of the column,
which proceeded slowly along the ave
nue.
By this time the broad thoroughfare
was lined with people, who were early
astir to witness a military event long
to be remembered in the annals of San
Francisco and California, The side
walks, the porches, the windows and
the house tops were crowded with spec
tators and there was continuous cheer-
-
! ing, waving of flags and banners and
j handkerchiefs and the throwing and
presentation of bouquets.
Between Pacific and Jackson streets
was stationed the naval militia, com-
LjDoaed of seventy-five men. in charge of ..
Ensign T. S. Harlow, under orders from
Major General Dickinson, to escort
the First Regiment to he place
of embarkation. Next was the Signal
Corps, consisting of twenty-five mount
ed men, with Lieutenant Hughes in
command; and then came a troop of
twenty-five National Guard cavalry
men under Captain Burnett. These two
mounted bodies formed a squadron, in
command of Captain Perkins of the
National Guard. The naval militia
men and the cavalry opened ranks and
allowed the regiment to pass through,
the signal corps afterward going to
the front.
Between Clay and Washington
streets the regiment was reviewed by
the Governor's staff, consisting of Gen
eral Barrett. Major General Dickinson
and staff. Brigadier General Warfield
and staff, Captain Turner, Lieutenant
W. F. Burke and Lieutenant Comman
der Nerny and Surgeon F. "W. Harris of
the naval militia. All these reviewing
officers, occupying carriages, brought
up the rear of the column, taking a
front position later on.
As the volunteers swung into Golden
Gate avenue the crowd became denser
and more demonstrative.
Market street was reached at about
9:30, and that thoroughfare was found
packed with a mass of eager and patri
otic humanity. It was with considera
ble difficulty that the procession forced
a passage way. Vehicles of all descrip
tions, loaded with men, women and
children, here and there almost entirely
blocked the street. Even the tops
of the street cars, which had
been stopped, were crowded with men
and boys. Telegraph and tele
phone poles were alive with boys, and
not a place where it was possible to ob
tain a view was vacant. Never has
there been in the history of San Fran
cisco such an outpouring of people, nor
has there ever been more enthusiasm
and patriotism shown.
There was an immense jam in the vi
cinity of The Call building, where the
regiments turned down Third street,
and on toward the steamer. Although
the column had been narrowed to fours
it was obliged to push and squeeze
through the surging mass.
Amid all the demonstrations of en
thusiasm and apparent rejoicings —
more characteristic of a galfe. day than
of the initial steps of an earnest and
dangerous mission — there were many
touching and pathetic scenes, indica
tive of a strong undercurrent of tender ;
feeling from depressed hearts. There !
was no lark "f woman's tears — the tears !
of mother, wife, daughter, sister and j
sweetheart. Before the dock was ;
reached there was a host in that vast j
jostling crowd who realized that per
haps the last fond embrace, the last
sweet kiss, the final parting had come.
Here and there a devoted woman had
pressed herself into the ranks to walk
along with the man she loved, holding
him by his hand and saying the fare
well words, every now and then wiping
away the tears from her bedimmed
eyes. There were scenes of family sep
arations that brought the heart of
every man into his throat.
Denser and more congested even than
the gathering at Third and Market
streets was the crowd at the foot of
Bryant street, the point^of embarka
tion. In reaching the gate of the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company's dock
the soldiers had to force their way
through a very narrow path, first form
ing two abreast and finally going in
single file. As each company marched
by it was greeted with rousing chrers
and inspiriting music Finally, at about
11 o'clock, they had all passed into the
dock and were soon on board the
steamer City of Peking, thus closing
the first act in the realistic drama of
war, in which they are now engaged.
ON THE TRANSPORT
READY FOR SEA
Last Farewells Spoken as the Men
Marched Up the Ganß Plank.
He was a handsome little fellow of
perhaps four years, perched high on a
pile of baggage on the gloomy old Mail
dock, and eagerly he scanned the faces
lined up along the rail of the big troop
ship, quite oblivious of his mamma and
sister who stood by his side, or the clat
ter and hubbub on the dock behind
him.
"Papa, papa, oh, papa," piped h'.3
shrill little treble, as the one he sought
appeared in an officer's uniform. The
soldier did not hear, and again the
childish voice was raised. This time
It reached the eara it was intended for
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
and the man scanned the throngs tnto
til his eye fell on the little group.
"Papa, come down here. I jus' wart*
to say good-by again."
"Papa can't come," answered the
bearded officer, followed by a sharp
command to one of his men standing
close by. sharper than the occasion
called for, or the officer usually speaka
to his subordinates. There was a set,
stern expression on his face, far dif
ferent from his ordinarily kindly gaze
while his eyes were turned resolutely
from the child who begged for one more
good-by.
"Please, papa, come down here Jus' a
little minute; only long enough for me
to kiss you once. Won't you coma,
papa?"
"Hush, darling; papa Is busy and
can't come to us now." The mother's
hand nervously patted the little form,
while papa gave one wistful glance at
the trio on the dock, then turned sharp
ly on his heol and vanished.
"Less go home, mamma; papa ain't
going to say good-by to us again." Tha
great blue eyes were blinking furious
ly, but the tears would not be held en
tirely in check, and the tiny frame
quivered as the leaden-hearted mother!
helped him down from his perch, but
the sobs were choked down.
"Oh, dear, it does seem hard not t<J
kiss papa again, doesry't it, mamma?"
This time the girl spoke and as sha
did her eyes wandered lovingly to tha
spot where last the soldier stood.
There was no answer— none was net
cessary — and those of the little family
who were left behind pushed through,
the crowd and disappeared.
The bands had hushed their martial
strains, the cheering multitudes were
left far behind and instead of the blaro
and the bustle and the roar, there was
naught but the Immense cavernous shed
and the seemingly endless line of blue
bloused men marching over the side ot
the ship and vanishing Into her grea«
hold. Buoyed by the acclaims of tha
patriots who were left behind, tha
troops bore themselves proudly, as do
all men who march beneath the stars
and stripes, but now that it was all
over, the tension was relaxed, fatigue
weighted their footsteps and they
longed for the seclusion of their cramp
ed and comfortless quarters on tha
ship.
And while they waited on the deck— *
it was hours before the last of then*
dragged himself up the gangplank— •
their greatest trial was undergone, tha
final words of parting to those they
held most dear, were spoken. Alonff
the streets they had received the cheers
of acquaintances and friends. Now
mothers, wives, sisters and even dearer
ones crowded upon them, not witft
flushed and excited faces, but with,
heavy eyes and trembling voices that
broke to the faintest whisper at tha
last.
It was 9:30 o'clock when the regi
ment marched onto the dock; it was
nearly lour hours later when thr»
guards at the entrance were withdrawn
and joined their comrades. It was the
intention to keep the wharf absolutely
clear of people, but long before the sol
diers arrived relatives and friends
stormed the entrance so persistently
that the guard, the police and tha
gatekeepers had not the heart to hold
thrm longer nt bay and so the wholo
length of tho dock was quickly filled.
The band was still playing when the
regiment marched down, but as famil
iar voices called the musicians by name
false notes marred the melody and fin
ally the drums alone tapped the ca
dence. "When the men halted with the
first company almost at the font of tha
gangplank onlookers and soldiers cast
aside all care for discipline and align
ment and all that, thinking only of
those about to invade a hostile coun
try and those who remained at home.
Partly hidden behind a pile of flour, ft
sweet-faced girl clung to a strapping
corporal, with one breath begging him
not to go, and with the next whisperings
to him how proud she was of her sol
dier husband.
Down the line a short distance a
stately, snowy-haired woman folded
her dust-covered and begrimed boy to
her breast and crooned the mother talk
just as she did when first she held him
in her arms.
Close beside her stood another moth
er, whose son marched with the other.
Her dress was in violent contrast to
that of her neighbor, and her form was
bent with age and sorrow, but hep
wrinkled face glowed with the holy
mother-love. She essayed to speak
words of endearment, but her voice
failed, and burying her faco in the
army blue she gave way to her grief.
Rut not for long. With a great effort
she regained her composure, and noting
the distress on the young giant's face,
sought to cheer him.
The men began to march on board,
dear ones clinging to them as they
passed down the narrow lane, only
loosing their grasp when the sentry at
the gang plank forcibly prevented them
from continuing onto the deck of tha
ship. If the last farewell that greeted
the women was harshly spoken they
did not mind, for the loved ones were
soldiers and could not be expected to)
show any emotion before so many.
Now and then a knot of soldiers-^
young dare-devils with a fine contempt
for all things bordering on the senti
mental, burst Into song, but somehow
even their voices failed to have the ring
they did the day before in camp.
Company X neared the gang planlc
and halted. A fashionobly dressed
young fellow called out to a squad of
the soldiers: "Good-by. fellows; don't
forget the gang at Palo Alto." The
"fellows" replied with the short, sharp
bark that has rung out so often on tha
gridiron when the crimson of Stanford
i scored, a touchdown, and everybody;2
knew the cheerers comprised the con
tribution of the famous collega to the
defense of the flag 1 .
At last it was all over. As fast as the
men marched on board they were hur
ried below, and comparatively few of
them managed to get back on deck
again until after the Peking had
dropped into the stream off Mission
Rock.
But amid the leave-takings and the
preparations for departure, one little
band of women escaped notice, but
their presence was recalled with the
deepest gratitude by those on board af
ter the ship left the dock. Mrs. T. H.
Powers and a corps of assistants from
the Red Cross Society went down
aboard the steamer long before the
troops arrived, accompanied by a wa
gon heaped with provisions. Camp
chests and ammunition cases were ar
■■<\ en deck in long rows, in lieu of
tables, and on these was spread the re
past for officers and men. Since its or
ganization the Red CrcFs has per
formed many noble deeds, but none
more praiseworthy than this. The men
breakfasted at 4:30 a. m., and had noth
ing to eat until after tho ship < apt
rff her lines. They would have fasted
much longer had it not been for the
thoughtfulness of these Samaritans,
for the army rations were piled on
board in the greatest confusion, and
everything was topay-turvy.
Blessed be the name of the Red Cross
fty and thrice blessed be its mem
bers. J. J. COREY.
HONOR TO THE
CALIFORNIA TROOPS.
First United States Soldiers to
Leave the Continent to Up
hold the Flag.
What is to-day regarded as an event
in San Francisco may in the years to
come be recorded In the history of the
world as one of the events of the cen
tury. The First California Regiment of
Volunteers that marched from the Pre
sidio to embark for the Philippines on
the City of Peking r.ay possess the fu
ture distinction of being the lirst regi
ment of r Tnited States soldiers to leave
the American continent to uphold the
flag of this country on a battle field in
another hemisphere. »
It is true that American soldiers
faced the British regulars on Canadian
soil and it is likewise true that a small
but gallant army of Americans planted
our starry banner on the citadels of
Mexico, but this is the nrst record of
land forces leaving the American con
tinent to engage an enemy in conflict.
It is known that General Merritt of
the United States army has made an
earnest request that as many regular
troops as the Government can spare
from other iields may be added to the
expedition to the Philippines. He is an
army officer of experience in many cele
brated campaings and is fully conscious
of the fact that however zealous and
brave the volunteers may be the habits
of obedience derived from long training
which the regular troops possess are
sure to count for much in a campaign
of marching and fighting.
The American volunteers made
a record for bravery, endurance and
discipline under withering h're at Buena
Vista, Vicksburg, Chickamauga and
Gettysburg that is not surpassed in the
annuls of war, but men familiar with
the organization of new troops know
that time is required to bend the volun
teers Into shape, to eliminate the weak
and nerve the strong. It was the les
son in IS6I that the regiment which
went to the front 1000 strong after
months of toil, fatigue and exposure
entered the first battle with less than
600 men.
The men comprising the First Regi
ment of California Volunteers are not
new recruits in the sense that this term
is used when applied to the militia.
They have been trained in the armory
ard have had some experience in camp.
They know how to handle their guns
and look after themselves in ordinary
routine of service. Their leader. Colonel
James F. Smith, is alert, gallant and
ambitious. He will lead wherever his
men are directed to go. Time may
elapse before the regiment meets th't
enemy. Disease and exposure may thin
the ranks of the command, but the
American spirit of the troops will not
be daunted by the losses.
Some regiment in the Army of the
Philippine may acquire special dis
tinction in the Orient and be permitted
by General Merritt to inscribe on its
colors words significant of a great vic
tory. In the fortunes of war this honor
may be reserved for the First Regiment
of California Volunteers.
HUGH M. BURKE.
OREGON VOLUNTEERS
WILL EMBARK TO-DAY.
Along With the Fourteenth United
States Regulars They Will
Leave Camp at Dawn.
At 6:30 o"clcek this morning the Sec
ond Regiment of Oregon Volunteers,
the Battalion of the Fourteenth United
States Infantry, consisting of five
companies, and two detachments of
twenty-five men each, from the heavy
artillery, will march from the Presidio
A GREAT JAM AT THIRD STREET.
Cars and Vehicles Were Blockaded and Thou
sands Viewed the Volunteers.
PATHETIC FAREWELLS ALONG THE LINE.
Women Cried and Brave Soldiers Faltered to Say Good=By Through
Manly Tears.
to the water front and go aboard the
steamers City uf Sydney and Austra
lia. This done the first expeditionary
'orce for the support of Admiral Dewey
kvill set sail from this port bound Cor
Manila. The headquarters and two
battalions of the Second Oregon Regi
uent will ship on the Australia, which
:iu\v lies at pier 7, Oceanic Steamship
Company's docks, and the headquar
:ers and a battalion of the Fourteenth
[nfantry, with the detachment from,
the heavy artillery, will ship on the
City of Sydney, which vessel is at the
Pacific Mail Company's wharf. The line
jf march will be down Lombard to Van
Ness, thence to Golden Gate avenue
and down to Market over the same
route as was taken by the First Regi
ment yesterday, with the exception that
the two battalions of the Oregon regi
ment that are to go on the Australia
will continue down Market from Third
street.
Companies A and G, of the Four
teenth Infantry, that were ordered here
from Alaska, arrived at the Presidio
yesterday. The former company is
commanded by Captain F. F. Eastman
and the latter by Captain L. A. Matile.
The two companies are about a hun
dred men strong between them. Cap
tain Murphy will be in command of
the battalion, which will consist of
Companies A, C, D, E and F. Major
Robe will remain here with Company
G for the purpose of recruiting the
two other companies to complete the
regiment's complement as called for by
Congress. Lieutenant Huntt, the re
cruiting officer, will also remain. The
Fourteenth ie completely equipped in
every way, as is the Second Oregon
Regiment. The Heavy Artillery may
not be in parade, as Captain Geary ex
perts to take them down upon the
street cars. A purse of $250 was raised
in the city for the benefit of this de
tachment, and Major Rice said yester
day that the men would spend some of
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1898.
It in riding to the wharf. Only two j
cars will be required to carry the ar- |
tillt rymen.
Reveille will be sounded in the camp
of the Fourteenth and the Second Ore- |
gon at 4 o'clock this morning, so that
camp may be struck and the march
commenced promptly at 6:30 o'clock. !
Captain Mallory of General Otis' staff
held an inspection of the Oregon regi- ;
ment yesterday afternoon and found it
in excellent shape. The regiment was
in heavy marching order. Colonel
Summers reports the health of his
command to be excellent, although at
the Regimental Hospital Captain Rob
lee said yesterday afternoon that five
new cases of measles were in the regi
ment yesterday morning, and that they
had been sent to Black Point. Thes«
men, of course, will have to be left be
hind, but *iev will no doubt be sent to
join their commands when the Seventh
goes. The general health of the other
regiments now encamped at the Pre
sidio is good with no new serious cases
reported.
ON THE WATER jFRONT.
The Monterey May Not Go to
Manilla After All.
By to-night or to-morrow morning at
the latest the harbor will be minus three
steamers and 3000 troops or more will be
on their way to Manila. Yesterday after
noon the City of Peking was taken out
into the stream by the tug Millen Grif
fith and anchored midway between the
Mail dock and Mission Rock. Half an
hour later a stern-wheel steamer was
on one side of her and a barge on the
other discharging ammunition into the
troop-ship. The work of handling the
shut and shell was done very carefully,
and it will probably be some time this
afternoon before the 400 tons that the
vessel is to take away is all aboard.
When the soldier boys first got aboard
the Peking, they paid little attention to
their surroundings, as all their time was
taken up in bidding good-by to their
friends on the wharf. When they got out
in the stream, however, they got a chance
to look at the accommodations provided
for them, and as v result the man who
d( signed the bunks was called every
name in the calendar. Those of the sol
di, rs who had seen the accommodations
provided on the Australia were the loud
est in their condemnation of the quarters
provided on the Peking. From the ex
pressions of opinion it would appear as
if there would be considerable grumbling
before the vessel^reaehod Manila.
BREAKING THE PRESIDIO CAMP.
Busy Scene Presented When the First Regiment
Left for Manila.
On the Australia the men's quarters
have all been provided with patent bunks.
Tiny are the invention of a Sun Fran
cisco boy, Thomas R. Turner, port stew
ard of the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany, and :tre a splendid thing for econ
omizing space ami providing comfort for
travelers, .tint- of the direct results of
using the patent bunks on the Australia
is that, that vessel, although much small
er than the Peking, is enabled to accom
modate almost us many soldiers as the
larger vessel. The bunks have metal
frames in which are set woven mat
tresses. They are placed in tiers of three
during the night and during the day
time the blankets can be rolled up, the
bunks lowered and formed into a settee.
These settees face the aisles, and when
dinner time comes tables, which are part
of the paraphernalia, are lowered from
the ceiling, and fitting in between the two
rows of settees turns the sleeping room
into a dining room. The number of tables
correspond with the setters, so that if
the men want to play cards or write let
ters they can lower and raise the differ
ent sections at will. The Iroquois (ex-
Feerlc-ss). Active and Vigilant, recently
purchesed by the Government from the
Spreckels Tow-boat Company, have all
been fitted with these bunks, and they
will also be placed in the Zealandia when
she is being got ready for the voyage to
Manila with troops. In order to econ
omize space and give added comfort to
their passengers, the Klondike si earners
Roanoke, Cottage City, City of Puebla, |
Walla Walla, I'matilla and Senator have
all been fitted out with these bunks, and
the Government has ordered 2000 '<f them
to be got ready as quickly as the Barnard j
Mattress Company can turn them out.
The band of the Thirteenth Minnesota j
Regiment was given an impromptu outing i
on the bay yesterday. They were down i
on the water front to see their comrades j
away on the City of Peking, when they
ran across Henry Peterson and George
Dryden, one of the State wharfingers.
Henry took the bandsmen all over the
training ship Marion and showed them
what the Naval Reserve expected to do
when they got into action. Then he placed
his launch Amy at their disposal for a
trip around the bay. They were first tak
en out to the Monterey and serenaded
Rear Admiral Milier and the officer?.
Then the launch was steamed around the
Rush and the other revenue cutters,
while the bandsmen kept up strain after
strain of martial music. They then went
A CHANCE TO SEE
THE BOYS OFF-
People desirous of seeing the last
(until their victorious return) of
the gallant boys bound for Manila
and also of aiding the noble work
of the Red Cross Society may com
bine their twin desires by patroniz
ing the steamer L'kiah to-day in ac
cordance with the following an
nouncement:
H. C. Whiting, Superintendent of the
S. F. & H. F. at Tiburon: Have steam
er Uktah in readiness to-morrow to fol
low the steamer conveying volunteers to
the Philippines to the heads. Advise
Mr. Ryan to insert notices in all the
papers. The total receipts will be do
nated to the Red Cross Society. Fare,
BO cents. ' A. \V. FOSTER.
over to the Mail dock and as the launch
left that point to go to the Peking the
bandsmen played "The Girl I Left Be
hind Me." For nearly half an hour the
launch steamed round and round the Pe
king, while the band played "The Star
spangled Banner," "Yankee Doodle,"
Marching Through Georgia" and all the
other patriotic airs, winding up again as
the launch steamed away with "The Girl
I Left Behind Me."
The Monterey did not go up to the navy
yard yesterday morning, and it now seems
to be doubtful whether she will go to Ma
nila or not. Yesterday an urgent dis
patch arrived for Rear Admiral Miller,
and as the defense steamer's launch was
not in at the time the Marion's was
pressed into pen-ice and the message was
sent out to the admiral. When it was de
ciphered it leaked out that all prepara
tions for departure were to be stopped in
the meantime.
The Corwin's launch ran amuck yester
day. The engine worked in a very erratic
manner all morning, and in the afternoon
when the boat was making a landing at
the Folsom street steps the engine stuck
on the center, and before the difficulty
could be overcome the launch crashed in
to one of Peterson's whitehalls, cutting
it in two. The commander of Uncle
Sam's warship has promised to make
good the loss of the boat.
THE RICHMOND CAMP.
Volunteers From the Middle
West Eager for Active
Service.
The troops In camp on the old race
track are becoming Impatient over the
delay in getting off to Manila. The ma
jority of the men from Colorado, Nebras
ka, Minnesota, Kansas and the other
States believed that they would not ~e
detained here for more than a few days.
They expected that the transport ships
would be ready to receive them, and that
they would get away with the first de
tachment sent to join Dewey. It was re
ported around camp yesterday that there
was but little chance of any of the regi
ments getting off inside of the next two
weeks. The necessary equipments have
not arrived.
The men are all well pleased with their
camping ground. The greatest difficulty
they have to overcome is keeping their
rifles clean, for it becomes quite windy
in the afternoon, and the dust and sand
are sent flying over everything.
The officers and men are in good health
and spirits, and only a few of them are
complaining of cokls. One of the men in
the Kansas regiment was found to be
suffering from measles yesterday, and
was at once removed to a hospital.
Colonel Jones of the Idaho regiment
expects that his command will be sent
TUGS TO FLY THE
RED CROSS FLAG
The Ship Owners' and Mer
chants' Towboat Company has
placed two of its best tugs Rt the
disposal of the Red Cross Society
to take relatives of the d«»s»r*ing
soldiers down the bay with the
transports to bid farewell to the
brave boys as they pass out
through the Golden Gate. They
will be the Sea King and Sea
Queen, and they are capable of
comfortably carrying 100 persons
on their decks. The two vessels
in addition to three tugs -of the
Spreckels Bros. & Co. that have
been placed at the disposal of the
society will fly the Red Cross flag
and from their decks only the near
est relatives of the departing
troops will wave a farewell.
away with the next detachment. The ma
jority of the men under him are sklliea
mechanics, and according to the colonel
can build anything frum a railroad tracK
to an engine. _ , 
Colonel Irving Hale, of the Colorado
regiment, will begin to-day putting his
men through all of the regular drills, it
is probable that he will drill them on the
street in front of the camp. The street
is bituminized. and will offer as good a
drill ground as that at the Presidio
Colonel Charles Reeve, of the Minnesota
volunteers, is congratulating himself on
the good health of his men. Only one ot
them became sick on the way here, but
he has since completely recovered.
Colonel Bratt was presented yesterday
with a handsome military bridle by ir*. a-
Williams.
THE NATIONAL GUARD.
regiments That Have Volun-
teered Still Belong to the
State Organization.
The subject of reorganizing the National
Guard of California brings forward some
interesting points. It now seems to be
conceded by military men who are famil
iar with the laws of the United States
and the statutes of California that tha
First, Seventh and Sixth regiments, which
were recently mustered into the service of
the United States, are still organizations
of the National Guard. They have not
been disbanded or mustered out of ser
vice but under the law are performing
duty in fields beyond the limits of tho
The act of Congress of April 22, 1898.
provides: "That when the members of
any troop, battery, battalion or regiment
of the organized militia of any State shall
enlist in the volunteer army in a body,
as such company, troop, battery, battal
ion or regiment, the regimental, company,
troop, battery and battalion officers in
service with the militia organization thus
enlisting may be appointed by the Gov
ernors of the States and Teritories."
The act of Congress, approved April 26,
IS9B, holda: "That in the event of a call
by the President for either volunteers or
the militia of the country, the President
is authorized to accept the quota of troops
of the various States and Territories, as
organized under the laws of the States
and Territories."
The troops from California have been
accepted under tne laws of this State.
In effect the National Guard has been
called Into active service. It is reasoned,
therefore, that otiier organizations can
not be enlisted to take the places in the
Guard of the regiments which have gona
Into the service of the United States.
WASHINGTON SOLDIERS.
The Command Receives a Gen-
erous Supply of Frutt.
The ■Washington volunteers are very
comfortably situated in Fontana's ware
house at the foot of Van Ness avenue.
They are going through the regular drills
every day, t and are anxiously looking for
ward from day to day for orders to pro
ceed to the Philippines.
Miss Viola C. Percy sent Company A
of the Washington ' volunteers a present
of a large assortment of choice fruit yes
terday. The present was received with
thanks, and three cheers were given fop
the donor. _
SOLDIERS IN THE SWIM.
Generous Offer of the Lurllna
Management Was
Appreciated.
The soldier boys gladly availed them
selves of the hospitality of the Lurllne
baths. They marched in, a half dozen
companies at a time, from Camp Rich
mond, and enjoyed themselves in the larga
swimming tank. The baths were placed
at their disposal by fhe management, and,
everyone wearing a uniform was heartily
welcomed.
■ JBP&I Think this over. Is it good
||/|L nl to get out in the morning
IWlbi i with the sense that Def ° re
the day is half over you
will wish that you were in bed? But
that is the way you feel every day. Now,
how long do you propose to be weak?
A year! There is no reason that you
should be weak another week. Think
that over. Not another week !
tAfIBO Has a weak back? Every
laff LJ| I man has a weak back who
WW HI IS una b' e *° "stand up to"
all his duties. But what
causes weak back? In almost every
case it is excess of some nature. It is
the abuse of some function instead of
its proper use. Too late hours, or too
much brain work, or some sort of folly.
Perhaps the damage was done years
ago.
MYou one of the afflicted?
If you are, the sooner you
» seek for relief the more
quickly you will find it. If
you think it can never be found you are
wrong. "Hudyan" has cured 20,000
men who were in a worse condition than
you are in to-day. It makes up for all
losses and stops all waste — often in a
week. Nature yields to it
3fljl IB jfcs Who have been cured by
MLnl "Hudyan" remain strong
ifILSV anc ' Vl gorous. It cures
rapidly, permanently and
certainly. Write and ask for free circu-
lars and testimonials telling you all about
what it has done for others. Ask for
medical advice too, for that is likewise
free. Be as strong as you once were.
Feel the fire of youth once more.
You should watch for any sign of blood
taint in the system. Small ulcers in tho
mouth, copper-colored spots or falling out
of hair all indicate some form of poison.
Ask for free "30-day blood cure" circu-
lars. The cure is absolutely sure. The
system ia thoroughly cleansed of all
taint.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS BTS.,
San Francisco, CaLFLOWERS, CHEERS
AND TEARS FOR
DEPARTING TROOPS
Blossoms Strew the Way of the
Gallant First as It Starts off
to the War.
Perhaps San Francisco is not easily
aroused to an out ward show of enthu
siasm. Bu} yesterday it was aroused,
not to clamor and tumult, but to the
deeper emotion which finds expression
in a farewell spoken brokenly, in the
tear which none tries to conceal. A
-wave of patriotic fervor swept the
community, thrilling every heart. The
boys of the First California were on
their way to war. People lined the
streets to pay them as they passed
the tribute of a flower, a hand-clasp,
a sincere "God bless you."
It was not my privilege to see the
boys leave camp, but only to watch
with the throng at Third and Market
streets. No idle curiosity had collect
ed that throng. I was proud to be
one of it and tc realize that in all the
thousands there was a single senti
ment — only the desire to honor the
soldiers, to let them know how they
are loved of the people from among
whom they go, and how the il ass
they bore held high the colors we all
revere.
Loyal and brave, they had an
swered the call of their country,
and eager to go whither need
m.ifrht he, to meet, across a dreary
waste of water, and under a tropic
run, a foreign and merciless foe. They
had not stopped to think of the danger,
the fla;T had been threatened; it was
enough. So yesterday, when these gal
lant young soldiers were marching
away, the citizens turned out to see
them, and saw them through misty
eyes.
Long before the time for the First to
appear the- corner at which they were
to turn from Market to Third was
crowded as it had never been before.
From every window faces were peer
ir.LT. and the waving stars and stripes
filled the air with radiance. There was
m of impatience save when the
teal's shcrwed inclination to force
ssage or some vandal driver
break into the press. Then
■ dily strength of the indignant
, hrervers intervened with a firmness
short of violence. There was a
i^rtion of women In the gath
ering, and this was to have been ex
pected. They gave color and charac
ter to the vast assemblage. The shad
o-.v of the Red Cross fell upon the
multitude. The noble workers who by
this emblem signify the devotion which
has wrought so much comfort, looked
from their headquarters, cheering and
weeping.
High above, at regular Intervals, a
cannon at the very top of the Spreck
els building- boomed. It told that the
boys had left camp, that they were
coming. There was a sound of
whistles from the water front. Now
and then there would be a round of
cheering. But It was not a noisy occa
sion. The emotion which held posses
sion of men and women was not one
which Impelled to shouting.
A stir passed over the thousands
standing there, a murmur as though
en oh spoke to his neighbor. Some one
had caught the note of the bugle or the
first faint tap of the distant drum.
Then was the tramp of many feet and
the police making valiant show came
in sight. The clatter of hoofs an
nounced the mounted eacort. Then
again the steady tramp, tramp, a rattle
of side arms, hats off and a round of
cheers; the boys of the First were near.
They came, buoyant as for a holiday,
erect and proud as beseemed heroes.
Their weapons were burnished, their
faces aglow with a tender light. ' Per-
haps In this demonstration there was
to them a revelation. They must have
been elated and happy, albeit leaving
behind all they loved, for they were In
the midst of friends. There was no
possibility of precise military order.
There Is nothing In the tactical manual
WHEN THE PEKING'S LINES WERE CAST OFF.
which permits a stranger to clasp the
hand of a man In the ranks. It is even
outside of rules for a gray-haired
mother to rush forward to kiss the
bonny son her country is taking from
her, and for her to kiss the other boys
r.r-ar him -must be reckoned a further
transgression. There is no official pro
vision for adding- flowers to the equip
ment of a soldier in heavy marching
order. Yet all these things were done
and none tried to prevent.
Boom! The cannon from Its dizzy
height had sent its salute again and a
wreath of smoke floated hazily off Into
the sky.
A woman marched by the side of her
husband. She bore his rifle, he carried
. their child In his strong arms and ever
and again he stooped over so that their
lips met. It was a picture to touch all,
; and it was one of many pictures. The
people seemed swayed by a strange
| dual impulse of mingled sadness and
joy. They were sorry to see the hoys
g:o, yet prloried in their going. They
■ were conscious of a desire to call them
I back, but a greater desire to cheer
them on. Even the women, sobbing in
the arms of brother, sweetheart or hus
; band, had no word of reproach, nor
tried to make harder the last hours
ashore. Through all their tears there
shone a pride that theirs had been the
men so quick to answer when the sum
mon." reached them.
Coming down Market street the
soldiers had marched in fours and with
the precision of veterans, but they
could do it no longer. The press be
came so great that it was with diffi
culty two kept abreast and progress
was made in single file. "When at any
moment a girl is likely to break into
the ranks, when countless thousands
are anxious to get so near as to deliver
a message face to face, when the tender
of a bouquet is an incident marking
almost every drum beat, confusion
arises. The drum of one company was
actually silenced for a space. The
drummer was captured by an army of
young women who kissed him till he
blushed rosy red and went on his way
: embarrassed but blissful, timing his
taps to his heart beats and giving a
! sample of double-quick time. And thus
i they went by, showered with good
wishes, laden with gifts, knowing they
went from a city which loved them
well.
There was one thought not given
: words, but it must have been in every
, mind. It must have been this thought
which cast a somber tinge over all the
\ glitter and made the sunshine less bril
liant, the shadow more pronounced.
Some in the companies going past so
blithely would never come back. They
knew the chance of battle when they
! accepted it. They were going forward
without feax and without regret, but
those who witnessed their going won
dered if the city, so proudly sending
them forth, confident in their valor,
! was in after time to have the chance
I to extend a greeting. When I no-
I tlced men ordinarily stern and perhaps
I selfish, looking on, while tears of which
| they were not ashamed rolled down
1 thHr cheeks, when ladies whom society
| knows, waved all the flags they could
; grasp, I realized that all stood on a
| plane of equality. No lines were drawn.
i Some soldiers perhaps had none near
of kin nor bound by personal tie to bid
them adieu, but the adieus were for
them. Patriotism is a heritage all
may share and it creates a blood bond.
i The pageant was magnificent, not as
! an array of military splendor, but as
! an exhibition of the spirit animating
'. the public. It is not mine to explain
; the detail, but rather as one of thou
sands, express some measure of the im
pression the boys of the First made
i upon those who arose early that they
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAT 24, 1898.
SOLDIERS' FINAL FAREWELLS FROn THE PEKING.
Flags Were Waved From the Wharf Until the Last
Moment.
might hedge the path of the outgoing
with bloom and cheer the soldiers with
fraternal hail, a token of gratitude and ,
of encouragement.
In this manner did San Francisco
make its farewells to the First. NoV
the Peking swings at anchor In the
stream prepared to take them beyond
our ken. What fortune may await no
I man can tell, but that it may be fair
( fortune the people of this city hope.
When next these boys shall march
here may it be up Market street, not
down, in each bronzed face the happi
ness of victory, while bells ring and
cannon thunder a mighty jubilation,
that crowned with honor our boys are
home again. HENRY JAMES.
THE TWENTIETH KANSAS.
An Unmanly Slur on a Noble
Regiment Resented.
Editor of The Call: In Sunday morn
ing's issue of thf» Chronicle appeared an
article which was supposed to give the
readers of the paper some id^a of camp
life among the soldiers of the Bay Dls-
In commenting upon the condition of
the men, the reporter in his efforts to
make a long article padded it with slurs
on the Kansas boys, and it is in justice to
them that 1 desire through the columns
of your sheet to inform the misguided
public regarding our condition.
In the first place, the Twentieth Regi
ment from Kansas enjoys the distinction
of being the first regiment of volunteers
mustered into the service of the United
States Government. This fact alone ac
counts for the present dilapidated condi
tion of the men, and there is, I trust, no
one In San Francisco or anywhere else
who will place dress first and patriotism
second at the present time.
The Kansas Volunteers were mobilized
at the State capital. The men were told
to take nothing from their homes with
them as the Government would outfit
them' immediately, and not one in every
hundred took a change of clothing.
The regiment lay m camp at I opeka,
Kans for three weeks, and during that
time "it rained every day. The camp
ground was a sea of mud and the ground
such that ditching the tents was impos
sible Therefore a majority of the iolun
teers were forced to lie in damp straw.
After three weeks of mud and rain,
during which time the only suits of
clothing possessed by the men became
ractred and their shoes wore out, orders
were received to leave immediately for
San Francisco. We were told that out
fits would be issued upon our arrival
here and not one man grumbled when
the orders to move came, and what is
still more remarkable, not one man out
of a full regiment deserted.
While mi route here we were forced to
live five days on three days' travel ra
tions. The men were mostly quartered
in common day coaches, and Beveral
times coffee w;ir not Issued until three
<r four hours after meal time, still no
man grumbled. Nearly every man in the
regiment Is a son of a veteran. It will
be remembered t i . a t Kansas was popu
lated with veterans after the Civil War,
and the same stanch qualities which
Imbued the soldiers of 'Hi to win their
battles is inherent in thojr son?.
When we arrived within tho boundaries
of California our bungry stomachs were
filled with the best of edibles by patriotic
women along the way, and our hearts
made happy by presents of flowers. Our
reception in this State was a most hos
pitable one, and tho Kansas lads felt
that hero" were people who realized that
we were leaving good h.mes to go Into a
land unknown to us. ready to lay down
our lives that the honor and dignity of
our nation be maintained. Since our ar
rival in this city we have received the
best of treatment nt the hands of the
citizens, and to the patriotic women of
the Red Cross Society and to those who
have .so kindly assisted us. we wish to
return our thanks. All we ask of those
who find a pleasure in commenting on our
condition is to wait until we have bo^ri
given an opportunity of demonstrating
our true worth. Then, if we do not credit,
ourselves as loyal Americans should, wo
will merit the unfavorable comment. Our
battle cries are: "Stand up for Kansas!"
and "Remember the Maine!"
T trust this will cause those who have
seen fit to "guy" us to think and not
speak rashly. Yours respectfully.
A KANSAS VOLUNTEER.
DIED FOR HIS COUNTRY.
First Death in the First Regi
ment of California
Volunteers.
Sergeant James F. McCarthy, Company
D. of the First Regiment of California
Volunteers, died at the post hospital of
pneumonia yesterday morning. He was
the first man of the State's volunteers to
die in the service of the Government, and
hy the order of Colonel Morris,^com
mandant of the Presidio, he will be given
a military funeral and laid to rest in the
peaceful cemetery upon the reservation.
The funeral will take place at 10:30
o'clock this morning, and a detachment
from the Seventh Regiment will escort
the remains to the grave.
Sergeant McCarthy contracted a severe
cold about ten days ago, and it rapidly
developed into pneumonia. The soldier
remained on duty until he could hardly
stand, and thrn reported at the regi
mental hospital for treatment. Major
McCarthy, the camp surgeon, realizing
Sergeant McCarthy's serious condition,
sent him to the posi hospital on last Mon
day where he lingered for exactly one
week. He rapidly grew worse after he
had been removed, and when the end
came he whs unconscious. Only the hos
pital attendants were with Sergeaxit Mc-
Carthy when he died. His comrades
were hot aware of his serious condition,
and the news of his death only served to
cast a gloom over the entire regiment.
ILL WITH PNEUMONIA.
The Life of Private Solomon of
the Seventh Regiment
Despaired of.
Major J. J. Choate, who succeeds Major
McCarthy in command of the Volunteer
Hospital Corps, will keep the regimental
hospital where it has always been. He
will make no changes. Captains Russell
and Roblee are detailed for duty at the
regimental hospital. Major Choate re
ported yesterday that the case of Privato
Solomon of Company E of the Seventh
Kegiment," who was sent a few days ago
to the post hospital suffering with pneu
monia to be very serious. The soldier's
condition is critical, and Major Choate
expresses very little hope of his recovery.
Five of the patients who have been io the
rarlmental hospital Buffering from vaxi
cms minor ailments were discharged yes
terday as recovered and joined their
commands.
The spot where the First Regiment
camped presented a most deserted ap
pearance yesterday. All of the tents had
been removed, with the exception of
Colonel Smith's headquarters, and once
again a barren, snndy and wind-swept
field greeted the gaze* of the visitors
Where Sunday stood the white canvas
homes of the soldiers. A detail from the
Seventh cleaned up the ground, and the
property was taken in charge by the
cadet company of the First Regiment,
N*. (i. C, and removed to the armories
upon Page and Ellis streets.
IN HONOR OF OUR BOYS.
Guns of Alcatraz to Salute the
Peking When She Passes
Golden Gate.
When the City of Peking passes through
the Golden Gate, which will probably not
be before to-morrow morning, the guns
of Alcatraz will boom out a farewell sa
lute to the First Infantry. This is hardly
according to military and naval etiquette,
but in view of the significance of the de
parture of the advance guard of the first
army of invasion that has ever been dis
patched from the United States since the
war with Mexico, and the first this Gov
ernment has ever sent to the eastern
hemisphere, as well as the sentiment at
tached to the regiment selected for this
honor, the situation justifies the authori
ties in straining a point. Accordingly, a
salute of eleven guns will be fired when
the troopship passes through the Golden
Gate This is the salute a brigadier-gen
eral is entitled to, and although General
Anderson may not be on board the I e
king the fact that the ship has on board
part 'of his command is deemed sufficient
to Justify the army people in paying this
tribute to California's Win blue
Mid so with the cheers of their fellow -
townsmen still ringing in their ears tiie
gallant First will be given godspeed b>
|neir comrades in arms that are leit be
hind.
War Incidents.
Colonel Berry of the Seventh California
Volunteers has been informed by Genera
Otis that his regiment has been selected
to go on the second expedition to the
Philippines. This is welcome news to the
men of the Seventh, who are anxious to
get to the front as soon as possible, lnis
regiment will be immediately transferred
from the Presidio to Camp Richmond.
No day or hour has yet been set for the
sailing of the three transports, the City
of Peking, the Australia and the Sydney.
In all probability not one of them will sail
before to-morrow afternoon, and it is now
very likely that they will depart at about
the same time.
This morning five companies of the
Fourteenth Regular Infantry, and the reg
imental band, unuer command or Captain
John Murphy, a detachment of fifty nun
of the First California Heavy Artillery,
and two battalions of the Second Oregon
Volunteers will march from the Presidio
and go on board of the steamship Aus
trßri^ad;er General Anderson and his staff
will also take quarters on the Australia
t0 The y remaining seven companies of the
Fourteenth infantry and the third bat
talion of the Second Oregon "\ olunteers
will go on board the Sydney. An effort
will be made to have all these troops on
board the steamers by 8 o'clock this raorn
in §eneral Otis had not received any in
structions from Wasmngton up to a late
hour last night as to the time of the de-
Jarturf of hfmself and staff for the Phil-
General Barrett expects to
have definite information as to the fu
ture of the naval reserve to-day. Pursu
ant to instructions from Washington.
Rear Admiral Miller called upon General
Barrett Sunday, for the purpose of as
certaining the exact status of the reserve.
General Barrett told him the organization
waa well equipped, composed of compe
tent officers and well drilled men. with a ;
complete engineering department com- 1
posed of high-class engineers,, and that!
the men were impatiently awaiting the j
call to active service.
Rear Admiral Miller was greatly pleased
with the report and said he would go I
to Mare Island to confer with Rear I
miral Kirkland, and would notify Gen- j
eral Barrett of their recommendation to |
the department to-day. The adjutant 1
general is hopeful that the reserve will ;
l>e detailed to the patrol fleet, in which 1
case part of them at least will see service
under Admiral Dewey if the Iroquois is I
detailed to accompany the Monterey to
Manila.
The band of the Fourteenth United
States Infantry Regiment serenaded H.
W. Mangels at the corner of Greenwich
and Fillmore streets last evening. Mr. \
Mangels has many friends among the
bandsmen, and he duly appreciated the
compliment. He saw to it that the clever
musicians were patriotically entertained.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®~®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®'®®®"®|
I m*\ MANLY ' I
! t***rS POWER - i
® Hr \ \ * IS^^fg-iS-^^? Thousands of young, middle aged ®
® I^4. $ x *y ,gjti&j|j|& 1 and old men are suffering fr ° m want ®
•; W jS^. , ' Si "'/^^^%*^ of strength and manly vigor, induced ®
® 5 %^\\lL ,%£ /J^W^Kff h ? a variet >' of causes, such as fast Jg
'® MsMf l^lWs§M^r living, early excesses and indiscre- ®
® i. '^^^W^rtM^K?®^ tions - overwork. mental anxiety.
0 <%V brain fa S- etc - who mi S nt quickly re-
® '^^S^ y^\wBl ' gain full Possession of mental and _
| W >^' Physical powers by using
® ' .;" , . ' I - "'■;. * ► - ®
1 Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt I
® ®
® With appliances for weak men. Wonderful cures are , reported daily, ®
® and grateful friends send us the most interesting accounts of how, un- ®
® der this splendid system of self -treatment, their eyes began to sparkle, ®
® their blood began to bound through their veins, and their muscular and ®
® nervous systems to regain all the elasticity and fire of early youth. ®
® "ELECTRICITY IS LIFE." It makes life a pleasure to live by re- ®
storing the vigor of manhood and • womanhood. Are you weak? If ®
® so, try it. Feel the joyous energy filling your nerves; feel the warm Js) _•
® - blood coursing through your veins, bringing health, and strength. , . W.-
®| "It cured me of weakness two years ago. and lam a strong and "
® healthy man ever since," writes P. P. Fennelly, Elmira, Cal. @
I Read Dr. Sanden's Book, Free. < 1
% It is full of valuable information to weak men. It «Plaina why mcd- |
% icine fails and Dr. Sanden's Belt cures. Dr. Sanden Electric Belt is as
® good for women as for men. Book free. ;' Call or address, @
1 SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. * IMPORTANT NOTICE * ®
® 702 Market Street. Corner Geiry. San Trwcieeo. ' "' ' U " I ANJ NU I lit ®
® Office hours— B a. m. to Bp. m.: Sundays, 10 - Dr. ; Sanden's offices : ®
Vs\ to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 204% South are now at; 702 Market ®
® :.. v , street, corner Geary. - @
0 285 Main st. *"~ : ~~ ■ ~~~~- " (?) '
It has been settled at army head
quarters that Alcatrax guns may salute
the Philippine expedition as it passes out
to-morrow. General Anderson, as a brig
adier general, is entitled to eleven guns.
It is suggested that there might be an
expansion of military form to allow a
gun or two for Colonel Totter of the
Engineer Corps. He went before an ex
amining board yesterday for his promo
tion from lieutenant to captain of engi
neers in the I'niteJ States army. In the
volunteer service he ranks as lieutenant
colonel He performed excellent service
in building the fortiftaations of this har
bor It IS a sure thing that he wih do
eood work when he gets to Manila.
Apart however, from all military con
siderations Colonel Fotter is entitled to a
palute on account of his size and beauty
of his disposition. Lieutenant S. A. Clo
man U. S. A., who may soon he a
colonel, is also entitled to a salute, which
he is sure to receive from the University
of California and the Bohemian Club.
34
SAMPSON STILL SEEKING
CERVERA'S PHANTOM FLEET
MAY IMPRESS
TROOP SHIPS
INTO SERVICE
War Department Deter
mined to Hurry Expe
ditions to Manila.
If Vessels Cannot Be Secured at
Reasonable Rates They Will
Be Seized.
NEW YORK, May 23.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
As to the Philippines, an acute stage
has been reached. The Government
will, if necessary, immediately press In
to service vessels under American reg
istry. The Government of the United
States is to-day determined to put
United States troops aboard boats at
San Francisco and to land these troops
at Manila — peacefully if it can, forcibly
if. it must
A .-distant Secretary of War Meikle
john, consenting to the use of his
name, told me that the Government
had every disposition to be reasonable
and fair in its compensation for the
transportation "of troops to the Philip
pines, but one thing might as well be
distinctly understood — that these
troops had to be taken across the Pa
cific and put at the service of General
Merritt. Mr. Meiklejohn was disposed
to admit every necessity for prompt
ness that had for two days been point
ed out by the Herald, and was frank
to- say that the question of transporta
tion had been the ouly one to embar
rass him.
"Having provided for 7100 troops this
week," I asked, "what provision has
been made for the remainder of the
18,000 or 20.000 troops asked for by
General Merritt?"
He made no direct reply, but it may
be said that the Government now has
doubtful means of carrying next week
only 5000 more troops. This is the ca
pacity of six boats for which the Gov
ernment is now negotiating. These
six boats are expected to be furnished
by the Northern Steamship Company,
whose ships ply between Tacoma and
Hongkong.
"As to the question of compensation,
SOME PROMOTIONS IN
THE CONSULAR SERVICE
William W. Rockhill to be Minister
to Greece and Rounseville Wild
man a Consul-General.
WASHINGTON. May 23.— The Presi
dent has sent these nominations to the
Senate;
William "Woodville RockMll of the
District of Columbia to be Envoy Extra
ordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to
Gre« >c, Roumania and Servia; Rounse
ville Wildman of California, now Consul
at Hongkong, to be Consul General at
Hongkong, China; George F. Lincoln of
Connecticut, now Consul at Antwerp, to
be Consul Genera] at Antwerp; Edward
I). Winslow of Illinois, now Consul at
Stockholm, to be Consul General there;
Oliver J. Hughes of Connecticut, now
Consul at StonnalJerg, to be Consul at
Coburgr, Germany; Henry H. Morgan of
Louisiana, now Consul at Hoigen. to be
Consul at Aaran. Switzerland; George 11.
Jackson of Cincinnati, now Consul at
ac, to be Consul at Le Rochellc,
France; Edmund C. Brodowsld of Illinois,
novi Consul at Furth, to be Consul at
SHinK p r, Germany.
All of the above to take effect July 1,
CONSIDERING WAR
REVENUE BILL
Five Hours' Time Taken Up in the
Sena.te by Dissertations
on Taxation.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— For five
hours to-day the Senate had the war
revenue measure under discussion.
The entire time was occupied by Chil
ton (D.) of Texas, L,odge (R.) of Mas
sachusetts and Turley (D.) of Tennes
see.
While Lodge confined himself to a
discussion of the proposed tax on cor
porations and bank deposits, strongly
urging that such taxes be not imposed,
Chilton and Turley covered pretty fully
the general features of the bill. Their
speeches dealt comprehensively with
the theories of taxationand were, there
fore, in the very nature of things, legal
and technical dissertations upon the
subject. No action of any kind was
taken upon the bill.
WAR MEASURES
PASSED BY THE HOUSE
Secretary Alger Authorized to Pay
Troops Going to Manila One
Month in Advance.
WASHINGTON. May 23.— 1n the
House to-day the Senate bill providing
that officers of the re~ular army who
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
No soap in the
world is so cheap.
No soap in the
world is so lasting.
how much," I asked, "has been agreed
upon for the City of Peking?"
"We paid for the Peking $30,000,"
said the Assistant Secretary, "and we
| have not been unwilling to pay other
; boats at the rate of $1000 a day. We
' think that is fair, but we are not will
| ing to be duped. We fully reaiize the
1 gravity of the situation, as pointed out
j ize you through the Herald to say to
ing the best we could, hence I author
| ize you through the Herald, to say to
morrow morning that after reasonable
advances by the Government shall have
been exhausted we propose to impress
such boats as we may need."
"Will you simply temporarily con
fiscate them?" I asked.
"No. A commission will be appointed
to settle upon an adequate and reason
able compensation, and they will have
to go whether they will or not."
Mr. Meiklejohn, while proceeding in
his usual calm way, is in a decisive
frame of mind, determined to put at I
rest all doubt as to the purpose of the
Government to support Admiral Dewey
effectively.
No sutlers are to be permitted to ac
company the army during the war. As
sistant Secretary Meiklejohn made this
announcement to-day after a thorough
consultation with the army officials,
who are acquainted with the operations
of the commissary department. To make
up for any deficiency in supplies which
might be missed by debarring the sut
lers the department has decided to en
large very materially the list of arti
cles which will be kept on hand by the
commissary department. All these will
be supplied to the soldiers at cost j
prices. Many applications have been
received from persons who are anxious
to receive appointments entitling them
to accompany the army with a sutler's
privilege.
may be made staff officers In the vol
unteer service shall not vacate their
offices in the regular army was called
ud by Hull of lowa. The measure, it
was explained, was amendatory of the
recent general volunteer act and was
intended to make certain that no va
cation of regular officers would follow
staff appointments from the regular
army. Pay as only staff officers would
be drawn. The bill was amended so as
to include army officers appointed to
the volunteer engineer corps and was
then passed.
The House also passed the Senate bill
providing for the payment of volunteers
from their enrollment, and authorizing
the Secretary of War to pay troops em
barking for Manila one month In ad
vance.
•
BUT ONE BID MADE
FOR TWO RAILROADS
Sale of Former Arms of the Union
Pacific System by a Master
in Chancery.
CONCORDIA. Kans., May 23.— At a pub
lic sale at 4:40 o'clock this afternoon
Special Master Hiram P. Dillon sold the
Central branch road, running from
Waterville west to its western terminus,
including that branch to Washington, and
the Pro-sser branch, from Concordia
north to the Nebraska line. These lines
were formerly arms of the Union Pacific
systom, hut for several years have been
operated by the • Missouri Pacific under
lease. There was but one bid. that of
T. Jefferson Cooliclge Jr. and Oliver Ames
of Boston, to whom the road waa knocked
<iown for $1,017,500. A large crowd was
present, expecting an exciting sale, but
it was as quiet as a funeral.
CERVERA'S STAY AT
• SANTIAGO WAS BRIEF.
It Is Said His Vessels Put to Sea
Again After Taking on a Supply
of Coal.
NEW YORK, May 23.— A dispatch to
the World from Kingston, Jamaica,
says: Direct Santiago advices say that
the appearance of the Spanish fleet off
that port compelled four American
cruisers, then bombarding it, to retire.
On entering the port Admiral Cervera
discovered that when the Americans,
who would now know his position, re
turned in force his fleet would be en
trapped, as only one ship at a time
could pass the channel, so the ships
quickly coaled and went out, purposing
to try to catch the American ships sep
arately, if possible, or, at any rate, to
give Sampson battle on the open sea.
The fleet went northerly.
FRANCE'S NEW
CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES
It Will Contain a Big Majority of
Republicans of Whom There
Are 254.
PARIS, May 23.— The new Chamber of
Deputies is composed of 254 Republicans
104 Radicals, 74 Radical Socialists 57
Socialists. 38 Rallids, 44 Reactionaries and
10 Free Lances.
Customs Duties Abolished.
NEW YORK. May 23.— A dispatch
from Madrid says • a Havana cable
states that customs duties on provi
sions have been abolished at the block
aded ports. The dispatch also says the
insurgents attacked Palma Soriano,
near Santiago de Cuba, . using quick
firnig guns, but were , repulsed, * the
J3na.nls.ti loss being - ■ ..
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1898.
Americans Heavily Handicapped by
the Greater Speed of the
Spanish Ships.
CALL OFFICE, Riggs House, Washington, D. C, May 23.
Admiral Sampson and Commodore Schley are probably scour
ing the Caribbean Sea to-night in search of Admiral Cervera's
squadron of Spanish ships.
Commodore Schley, according to "dead reckoning" of the Navy
Department, arrived off the harbor of Santiago at least twenty-four
hours ago, and if the Spanish squadron had not then left the de
partment is confident it has been effectually bottled up.
Admiral Sampson left Key West Friday night, a fact stated in
these dispatches at the time, and since somewhat tardily confirmed
by Secretary Long. Following in the wake of Schley's fleet the
senior commander is believed to have rapidly overhauled his sub
ordinate and to have reached Santiago but a few hours after him.
That Cervera had left some time before Schley's arrival is the belief
of every experienced official of the Navy Department who ven
tured an opinion on the subject to-day.
Whither the Spanish fleet has sailed
is the question that the board of strat
egy would give much to settle, but in
default of information from Washing
ton as to the whereabouts of Cervera,
Sampson and Schley are probably
cruising swiftly about In the hope of
gaining some tidings of the fleeing
Spaniards.
"With the advantage of at least four
knots an hour in the average speed, the
Spanish squadron need not be over
taken so long as coal can be had. If
Sampson could keep the fleet In sight,
to run it down would be but a simple
matter, but as Cervera can leave Samp
son's swiftest vessels below the horizon
In a few hours' run, it becomes neces
sary to employ some other means to
keep track of him. The hope of the
| Navy Department is that the bunkers
of the Spanish squadron •will become
exhausted speedily, and under such
conditions they cannot be refilled.
The best Information obtainable is to
the effect that when Cervera steamed
Into Santiago his ship had less than
one-half a full supply of coal on board,
as owing to the operation of the neu
trality proclamations of the various
countries but small quantities of fuel
were supplied at the West Indian ports
at which the fleet had touched.
Santiago appears on the charts of the
bureau of navigation as a "flrst-clas
coaling station," which means that up
ward of a thousand tons of coal ca
be had there under normal condition
The Navy Department has special in
formation in this case, however, to th
effect that there is practically no coa
at Santiago unless sent there by co
Hers within a few days.
With an Inadequate supply of coa
Cervera is terribly handicapped. Spec
in getting out of range and out of sigh
is his sole point of superiority, but i
developing speed above twelve knot
an hour his coal consumption is mor
than doubled. The cruiser New Yor
burns three times as much coal whe
making fifteen knots as when makin
ten, and the Spanish ships ai amena
ble to the same rule. Unless collier
have been provided by the Spanis
Government and can be promptly lo
cated by the Spanish Leet, its destruc
tion is only a matter of a comparative
ly short time. The Navy Departmen
knows that several colliers were sent t
West Indian waters before war wac'de
clared, but aside from those that me
Cervera at Willemstad, Curacoa, no in
formation has been received concern
ing the whereabouts of any of them.
With two powerful cruising fleets in
Cuban waters and a squadron of moni
tors guarding the ' Yucatan passage the
War Department feels that the invas
ion of Cuba need not longer be post
poned, and all speed is being made in
preparing for the transportation of the
troops, a large contingent of which may
leave Tampa before the end of the pres
ent week. It is suggested that 20,000
men be landed on Cuban soil west of
Havana and strong fortifications
thrown up to serve as a base of opera
tions. The landing of a larger force
would follow later without difficulty.
BATTLE-SHIP OREGON
SAFE AT KEY WEST.
NEW YORK, * May 23.— A Washington special to the Herald says: There is no longer any uneasiness
about the Oregon. She is safe at Key West. 'After a race against time for nearly 14,000 miles, the vessel has
reached Sampson's base of supplies, and will, after replenishing her coal bunkers, be ready to go to sea
and perform her part in the task :of destroying the Spanish fleet. Though no details can be learned as to
the condition of the Oregon, it is evident, from the excellent time; she made on the latter part of her voyage
that no serious defects in her machinery have developed. It is expected that she will take on a full sup
ply of coal as rapidly as possible, and while this is being put aboard, her entire engine •' room force will be
busily engaged in going over her engines and boilers and putting them into shape for the work she has be
fore her. In many respects the run of the Oregon from San Francisco, down the western coast of the con
tinent, through the straits of Magellan and : up the Atlantic ■ coast to Key West, •is the most remarkable
that has ever been made by a naval vessel. Never before has a great battleship been driven at her highest
cruising speed for such a long distance,' and that the Oregon has been able to do so well is a high testimo
nial, not only to the skill with which she has been handled, but also to the work of her designers and build
ers.:' V - ; > . ■■ ";
% 0^ 0\ &k £\ f\ 0\ 0\ f^t t^\ *\ **i O\J^K otk j^fc rfV **. **. «• .^k. " a *k. *± .a. ,»•. : .» a ,» ' .— . .^ ... m. — —. ' _ _
With either Sampson or Schley to fur
nish support It would be possible to
transport and land the troops while one
of tbe naval commanders continued the
pursuit of Cervera's "vanishing squad-
A Bigmificant indication that an early
invasion is contemplated is found in the
semi-official statement made at the
War Department to-day that General
Miles' attitudte which has been reported
as opposed to the landing of troops in
Cuba at this time has been misrepre
sented and that he is in favor of prompt
action. On his behalf it is said that he
has "earnestly and determinedly op
posed sending a few thousand men to
Cuba with a great quantity of Btores
and equipment, trusting to the support
which might be given by the Gomez
army, and that it is likely that an in
vasion of that sort might have occurred
a week or two ago had he not so ear
nestly opposed it and to that extent
only, it is declared, is he responsible
for the dolay."
He has taken the ground that It
would be a very unwise risk to send
so small a force; that it would en
danger the lives of the few thousand
men sent, possibly resulting In our
stores falling into the hands of the
enemy, and thus giving them supplies
which Spain is unable to furnish them,
and that it would do very little toward
hastening a conclusion of the war, even
if the men were able to defend them
selves and their stores. He has ad
vocated, it is asserted, an immediate
invasion of the island with a force of
between seventy and one hundred thou
sand men, and that this force should
be landed as nearly as possible at the
same time at different points.
This programme is now about to be
followed, with the possible variation
above suggested of landing a part of
the force a few days in advance.
Arrangements were to-day completed
for the Philippine expedition. The
troops are to receive a month's pay in
advance, a special corps of paymasters
having been detailed for the purpose
under the act of Congress passed to
day. General Wesley Merritt, in his
capacity of Military Governor, will at"
cmce undertake the collection of the
revenues of the Philippine Islands, es
timated at $20,000,000 per year, a sched
ule of tariff and port charges having
been drafted by the Treasury Depart
ment, and hence it is probable that the
American army in Manila will speedily
become a self-sustaining institution.
Commander Hemphill, who has
charge of the naval enlistment, has
made out a table showing that the re
cent recruiting of the navy has swelled
that branch of the service by recruits
from the following States: Maine 99,
New Hampshire 22, Massachusetts 1474.
Rhode Island 150, New York 1780, New
Jersey 318, Pennsylvania 406, Maryland
444, District of Columbia 401, Ohio 67,
Michigan 304, Illinois 182, Wisconsin 32,
Minnesota 154, Missouri 54, Virginia
! 255, North Carolina 95, South Carolina
I 115, Georgia 17, Tennessee 8, Louisiana
f 150, Texas 81, California 606, Florida
The announcement by way of Paris
that the Italian Government has pro
tested against the continuance of the
blockade on the Cuban coast on the
j ground that It was Ineffective met a
prompt denial at the State De
partment, and It can be stated
definitely that neither in Washington
nor Rome have any representations on
this subject been addressed to the Uni
ted States Government. As a matter
of fact, Italy probably is the maritime
power of all others with which the Uni
ted States has had absolutely no corre-*
spondence in the slightest degree con
nected with the Cuban blockade.
As to the allegation that the block
ade is ineffective, it is said that, on the
contrary, it has been singularly suc
cessful, and that so far as known not
a single neutral ship subject to deten
tion has passed the lines without the
express consent of our Government
With the beginning of the present
week all Spanish vessels in the United
States which sailed after the outbreak
of war, are subject to seizure, as well
as all Spanish merchantmen found on
the high seas, save those that left port
j for the United States before April 21
last. The President's proclamation of
war allowed such ships lying in our
ports or bound for them thirty days
in which to discharge cargo and also
insured them safe passage home. That
period of time expired last Saturday
night. This, it is expected, will tend
to free the State Department from com-
Under the energetic management of
Captain Bartlett, who was recalled
from the retired list into the active ser
vice of the Navy Department for the
purpose, there has just been perfected
a most admirable and thorough system
of coast signaling for war purposes.
The Navy Department itself estab
lished thirty stations on the coast,
manned by naval militiamen. Then it
called into service 1060 lighthouse em
ployes and 1000 life-saving men, mak
ing a total of over 3000 men who patrol
the great shore line from Bar Harbor
to Galveston night and day and in all
weathers, watching for the approach of
an enemy or for a signal from any
passing United States warship.
It has been arranged that all of these
watchers can communicate In the
course of a few minutes with a tele
graph or telephone line, and all center
in the office of Captain Bartlett in the
Navy Department, who is thus pre
pared to give the War Board instant
notice of any significant ship move
ments on the coast.
It is said at the Navy Department
that it will be at least five days before
the Monterey can be started on her
long journey from San Francisco for
Manila, the delay being on account of
the preparations that must be made for
the very exceptional service required of
the vessel.
Naval Reserve to be Sent.
CHICAGO, May 23.— Two hundred
and five members of the Illinois Naval
| Reserve will be sent to the Gulf coast
to-morrow. It is said they will be
given a chance to serve with Admiral
Sampson's fleet.
SERIOUS
SITUATION
IN SPAIN
Bread Riots That May Soon
Lead Up to a Revo
lution.
Malcontents and Opponents of Re
gency May Join in Civil War
Under Weyler.
Copyrighted, IS9S. bjr_Jame« Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, May 23.— The situation in
Spain is much more serious than it is
generally said to be. Black clouds are
gathering over the peninsula, and, in
spite of all that will be done or will be
attempted, it will be impossible to
avoid the storm, which will burst with
terrible effect and sweep away every
thing in its path. But the great ques
tion which will evidently cause a revo
lutionary movement, of which I have
spoken, is of bread. The bread ques
tion has already led to sanguinary con
flicts in some towns in the provinces.
There have been some killed and
wounded among the rioters, upon whom
the troops fired, and if quiet has been
established in Madrid it is because the
Mayor, Count de Romanones, has been
able to make temporary arrangements
with the bakers.
Spain is Just now passing through a
very serious economic crisis. It is the
result of an extraordinary rise in ex
change on Prance, which one day
reached 111 per cent. Taking advan
tage of exchange, French and Belgian
corn factors have bought up all the
wheat in Spain, which they at once ex
ported, realizing considerable profits,
and when the Cortes urgently passed a
bill forbidding the export of cereals it
was too late. The stock, of corn and
wheat had already crossed the frontier,
leaving Spain without food for her
own people. It, therefore, became ne- I
cessary to buy flour abroad at ruinous j
prices to meet the immediate needs,
and the exchange made the Spaniards
lose considerable sums which have been
gained by the French and Belgians. !
Hence the rise in the price of bread, j
and hence the general discontent in the j
provinces and sanguinary demonstra- j
tlons.
In Madrid the rise has not yet made
itself felt, because the Mayor promised
to indemnify the bakers with municipal
funds, but the credits allotted for this
purpose are not large, and when they
are exhausted Madrid bakers will also
be obliged to raise their prises. What
will happen then? That is what is most
feared in Government circles. The peo
ple, already in sore straits, will inevi
tably join the numerous political and
other malcontents, and the result may
very well be a civil war, tor the mal
contents and opponents of the regency
— Carlists, Republicans, Socialists and
Anarchists — who, if an opportunity
arose, would group themselves under
General Weyler with the sole object of
overturning the Queen Regent, already
form an imposing majority.
After this revolution, which the army
will be powerless to put down, will Don
Carlos come into power or will a re
public be proclaimed? It is very dif
ficult to prophesy on this point. It is
certain, however, that the Queen Re
gent does not enjoy much sympathy
among the people. The movement
ADVERTISEMENTS.
allliioF riveFpoints
BY
ALASKA COMMERCIAL GO'S
STEAMERS.
THE PIONEER LINE,
ESTABLISHED ON THE RIVER 1869.
SIX FAST AND COMMODIOUS RIVER STEAMERS NOW IN SKK VICE AND ON
n the river; six new steamers building in addition and will be ready to run when navlga-
Passengers by our line are assured IMMEDIATE CONNKCTION AT ST MICH AKT ;
and other advantages accruing from the fact of our having stations and warehouses at all '
important points on the river, having facilitiea which, as the result of our 30 years' exneri
ence in the country, far excel anything that can be offered by others. i"^' cx P c "
OUR RIVER FLEET WILL CONSIST OF THE FOLLOWING STEAMERS I
ALICE, HANNAH, SAIDIE, BELLA,
SARAH, VICTORIA, MARGARET, SUSIE,
YUKON, LEAH, LOUISE, W. H. SEWARD.
They are specially adapted to the trade and fitted with every possible appliance and i™
provement for speed, safety, comfort and the peculiar conditions of the traf He wh"ch our w
connection with the business has given lus uneqtuiled opportunities to cope with lon *
OUR OCEAN FLEETWILL CONSIST OF:
Steamer ST. PAUL— New Steel Steamer, 2300 tons
Steamer PORTLAND, Steamer BERTHA, Steamer DORA
The last three .vessels are favorably known to all who have traveled via St. Michael, and
the new St. Paul will be the finest and best appointed vessel on this run. Michael, and
Sailing Dates from San Francisco About June sth and at Short
Intervals Thereafter-
OUR BOATS ARE THERE AND READY.
S6ufh: a Ea^n > nd S !\vts!ern Jn Xl l^a and "^ living Sltka June 10 - for all point- 1.
For rates or further particulars apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
310 Sansome Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAU
against the Queen Regent has reallr
started, and serious complications will
probably arise before long. Every one
dreads them, every one fears them and
only a miracle can prevent them.
MAY RETIRE ARMY
AND NAVY OFFICERS
Bill Introduced Authoriznig the
President to Show Favoritism,
if He Desires.
"WASHINGTON, May 23.— Senator
Chandler to-day Introduced a bill pro
viding that during the war with Spain
the President be and he is hereby au
thorized, in his discretion, to place
on the retired list any officer in the
army above the rank of lieutenant
colonel and any officer in the navy
above the rank or relative rank of
commander, and to fix, in his discre
tion, as the retired pay of any such
officer any rate now by law provided
for officers retired for any of the vari
ous causes for retirement; and the
President may fill every vacancy hap
pening through retirement by promo
tion through selection and not accord
ing to seniority.
GREAT PATRIOTISM OF
NEWPORT CITIZENS
Will Build the Fastest Torpedo Boat
Destroyer Afloat and Present It
to Uncle Sana.
NEWPORT, R. L, May 23.— Citizens
have inaugurated a movement for the
purpose of having the citizens of Rhode
Island build and equip the fastest tor
pedo boat destroyer afloat and present
it to the Government.
It is intended to give the contract to
the Herreshoffs and to name her the
Oliver Hazard Perry, in honor of the
hero of Lake Erie, who was born in
Newport.
F. P. Garretson started the subscrip
tion with $1000. There is considerable
enthusiasm here over the matter.
To Increase the Engineers.
WASHINGTON. May 23.— At the
opening of to-day's session of the Sen
ate a communication was received from
Secretary of War Alger, together with
the draft of a bill providing for a grad
ual increase in the number of officers of
the Corps of Engineers. The bill pro
vides that the Corps of Engineers of
the army shall consist hereafter of one
chief of engineers, with the rank oC
brigadier-general, seven colonels, four
teen lieutenant-colonels, twenty-eight
majors, thirty-five captains, thirty
first lieutenants, twelve second lieu
tenants and the battalion of engineers.
The communication and the bill were
referred to the Military Affairs Com
mittee.TWO SHIPS ENGAGE
SANTIAGO BATTERIES
Battle With) th>e Spaoish F°rts Wtyle Seamen
Destroy a Cable.
Cruiser St. Louis and Tug Waropatuck: Silence tr;e Guns on Shore
and Emerge prom the Conflict With Slight
Injury.
CHARLOTTE AMALIA, Island of St. Thomas, D. W. 1., May 23.— The firing at Santiago de Cuba on Wednesday, May 18, was be
tween the Spaniards there and two American vessels.
Acting under orders from Admiral Sampson, the auxiliary cruiser St. Louis and the tug Wampatuck went to Santiago for the purpose
of cutting the cable there. The cable was picked up within range of the guns of Morro Castle, and the Spaniards at once opened fire on the Amer
icans. Two sand batteries and one mortar battery on shore at the bottom of the height on which Morro is situated joi ned in the firing, to which the
Americans responded. The aim of the Spanish gunners was atrociously bad.
The men who were detailed to cut the cable grappled for it from the deck of the St Louis. They found it with little difficulty and coolly
lifted it to the forecastle of the St. Louis, where it was cut, the Spaniards meanwhile doing their best to disable the cruiser.
The engagement was lively while it lasted. The St. Louis brought her total armament of four six-pounders into play, while the
Wampatuck used her one three-pounder. With this small armament the Americans finally succeeded in silencing all but two or three of the
Spanish guns
Neither of the American Vessels were seriously damaged. A topmast back-stay on the St. Louis was shot away, and the pilot-house
of the Wampatuck slightly splintered.
One man on the St. Louis had a finger broken by a flying fragment of shell while handling the cable.
When the Americans had completed their work at Santiago they proceeded some twenty miles to the eastward, where they entered the bay
of Guantanamo, they being under orders to cut the cable there also.
While they were picking up the cable in the bay the Spanish batteries opened fire on them, but the guns being small and poorly handled,
were ineffective. Two well placed shots from the St. Louis secured comparative quiet and the work of further crippling Blanco's communication with
the outside world was peacefully accomplished.
The Americans laugh at the gunnery of the Spaniards. They are highly pleased with the success of their task. The armament of the St.
Louis and Wampatuck is ridiculously small for fighting purposes, and it is thought more powerful vessels should be employed when it is necessary
for them to run directly within the range of shore fortifications.
MAY COAL AT
THE CAROLINES
How the Monterey Will
Go to Manila.
PROSPECT OF A BIG RACE.
SPANISH VESSELS LIKELY TCT
PURSUE.
But on the Whole There Will Prob
ably be Little Difficulty in the
Vessel Reaching the
Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 23.
Naval officials have calculated to
their entire satisfaction the possibility
of getting the Monterey safely across
the Pacific to Admiral Dewey'g squad
ron at Manila. The principal diffi
culty in making such a trip as this is
the small coal carrying capacity of ves
sels of the Monterey type. She car
ries normally 2300 tons in her bunkers,
which, at her most economical rate of
Bteaming, would take her about three
hundred miles less than the distance
from San Francisco to Honolulu. In
emergencies such as the present It is
possible to store a good deal of coal on
the main deck, being placed in pas
page ways and open spaces of the su
perstructure of the vessel.
The great beam of the Monterey
•would permit 190 tons of coal to be car
ried in addition to that in the bunkers
without in the least endangering the
stability of the ship or risking the loss
of coal by being washed overboard. At
her economical speed of 190 knots per
day this coal would last her seventeen
days and carry her 3200 knots. Ow
ing to the carefully laid plans of the
Navy Department, the Monterey, now
on her long cruise, will be obliged to
make a run of 2100 knots without an
opportunity to coal. The ship will
take a southerly course after leaving
Honolulu in company with a steam col
lier. The South Seas are full of isl
ands, and as soon as she has left Ha
waii 1000 miles behind her and in the
sheltered harbors of these islands it
will be very easy for the Monterey to
lie alongside and coal through her su
perstructure. It would not be sur
prising if one of the harbors chosen for
such a transfer was in the Caroline
Islands, another Spanish possession in
the South Seas, for by so doing there
could be no possible complaint of a
breach of neutrality laws on the part of
any neutral nation. From the Caro
lines to the Philippines the way is easy
and under the programme arranged
there is no probability of failure in
the attempt to get the Monterey safe
ly across the Pacific. The Spanish
squadron at Cadiz, which reports from
Spain state is going to the Philippines,
is capable of higher speed than the
Monterey and may not have much dif
ficulty in obtaining the necessary coal
to make the trip, so that even though
the distance be longer on the eastward
trip there are possibilities of a most in
CORRESPONDENT
KNIGHT LANDED.
ON BOARD THE HERALD
CALL DISPATCH BOAT OFF
HAVANA (via Key West, Fla_),
May 23. — Less than six miles
from the Cuban capital and at
a place where the Spanish forces
were supposed to be particularly
strong, a tiny row boat took
ashore at 3 o'clock this afternoon
from the Herald-Call dispatch
boat E. F. Knight, the London
Times correspondent, who, by
permission of our Government,
was allowed to go through the
blockade. Mr. Knight went into
Havana, where, according to as
surances given by General Blan
co, he Is to be protected until the
war is over. Whatever material
he may gather for hia newspaper
will be furnished also to the
Herald and Call.
teresting race by the hostile naval
ships.
The naval orders Issued this morn- |
ing announced the assignment to the !
command of the Monterey of Captain j
Eugene H. Lutze, lately in command of ;
the Alert.
M'PARTLAND LOSES HIS
TEMPER AND THE FIGHT.
Fouls Jack Daly in Their Contest at
New York and the Delaware
Lad Gets the Decision.
NEW YORK May 23.— Jack Daly of
Wilmington. Del., got a' decision on a
four over Kid McPartland of this city,
after having fought fourtepn and a half
rounds In the Lenox Athletic Club to
night. Daly was the favcylte In the bet
ting, $100 to $90 b*»ing laid on his chances.
Both men turned the scales at 142
pounds at 3 o'clock this afternoon, and
when they stripped to-night they were In
excellent trim. The bout was a rattling
good one while it lasted, but from the
eighth round it was very evident that
Daly would get the better of McPartland.
as the latter lost control of his temper.
McPartland sprung a new blow in the
second round — a left jab on the face,
quickly brought down to the kidneys.
While both men clinched repeatedly, the
fighting up to the eighth round was fa-st
and neither had any apparent advantage.
In round eight Daly landed heavily and
rushed Mac to his rorner. When they
came up again both started to slug, and a
strong uppercut on the nose caused the
New Yorker to lose his temper com
pletely. Daly slipped to the floor, and
when he was half down. Mac hit him.
There was an uproar in the house at this
moment, while the referee kept Aiac
from fouling. In the twelfth round Mac
rushed Daly to his corner and doubled
him up with a punch in the wind. There
were frequent clinches and Daly claimed
Mac hit him low on the body.
In the fourteenth round Daly stopped
Mac with a hard right on the head and
got his eye split in return. In the next
round Daly rushed and landed heavily on
the head.
In the final round the boys rushed into
a clinch, from which Referee White got
them to break. Daly rushed and
slammed McPartland right and left. In
a clinch Mac struck Daly and the latter
fell. White rolled over him, hurting
Daly's leg. Mac walked to his corner and
TJfely limped to his. This ended the bout
and Charley Harvey announced that the
referee had awarded the decision to Daly
on account of McPartland having struck
Daly in a clinch^^
Goes to San Quentin.
STTTSUN, May 23.— Robert "Wallace was
to-day sentenced to five years in San
Quentin for a criminal assault committed
in Benicia. Ho appealed for leniency,
which was granted, owing to doubtful
circumstance* connected with the casa.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAT 24, 1898.
ITS AIM TO ASSIST
THE BOYS IN BLUE.
Branch of the Red Cross Society
Formed With a Large Member
ship at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, May 23.— A branch of the
Red Cross Society was organized here
this evening. Hale's Hall was crowd
ed with San Jose's most prominent citi
zens and many were compelled to
stand. The meeting was very enthusi
astic. Patriotic songs were rendered
and addresses outlining the work of the
organization delivered. The society
Its with a large membership,
le following officers were elected:
sident, Mrs. C. J- Martin; vice-presi
ts. Mrs. S. F. Leib, Mrs. S. W.
rchill. Mrs. W. S. Richards, Mrs.
Ig, Mrs. H. Ward Wright, Mrs. A.
ay, Dr. Alida C. Avery, Rev. Father
na. Rev. Father McGuire and Mrs.
T. Welch; corresponding secretaries,
. W. P. Squires and Professor L.
eh; financial secretary, F. P. Rus
sell; treasurer, W. K. Bean; executive
committee, Professor A. E. Shumate,
Professor W. P. Squires, Miss Lois
Peckham, Miss Wakefield. Mrs. B. C.
Igdon, Mrs. S. F. Ayer and various
?ymen.
IN LUIS OBISPO, May 23.— A Red
is Society was organized here this
moon. The officers are: Presi
:, Mrs. A. Z. Sinsheimer; vice-presi-
Mrs. J. C. Ortega; secretary, Miss
CUBA'S CAPITAL
TO BE BOMBARDED
FROM THE SKIES
Inventor Eddy Perfects a Device by
Which; Dynamite May Be Dropped
Into the City's Fortifications.
NEW YORK, May 23.— 1t is proposed to attack Havana not .only from sea and land, but also from
the skies. William A. Eddy, of camera kite fame, has a plan to drop dynamite on the Cuban capital
from the clouds.
Mr. Eddy said to-day he had provided Lieutenant Wise, of the Ninth Infantry, with an outfit of
his patent kites, with camera attachments, which are to be taken to Cuba with the army of invasion,
and flown over Havana for the purpose of getting birdseye views of the interior of all fortifications,
both on the coast and on the land side, where much work has recently been done in the way of
strengthening old works and throwing up new batteries.
This, it is believed, will be of inestimable advantage to the troops engaged in the siege, as well
as to the vessels of the American fleet charged with the duty of silencing the fortifications and bat
teries on both sides of the harbor mouth.
If this plan proves feasible, of which Mr. Eddy entertains little doubt, he expects a trial will be
made of his new device whereby large masses of dynamite may be carried up by a series of kites and
then, by means of a simple releasing device, caused to fall within the enemy's lines. A series of kites
for this purpose has been designed, the main kite being twenty feet wide, with a carrying capacity of
seventy pounds of dynamite, sufficient, if dropped at the proper moment, to demolish the most powerful
battery.
If preliminary tests with the camera prove successful, Mr. Eddy expects to be invited to accom
pany the army to Cuba and superintend the aerial bombardment of Havana.
M. L. McKennon; assistant secretary,
Miss Gertrude Sinsheimer; treasurer,
Mrs. R. M. Sanford. An entertainment
to raise funds will be given at once.
WALNUT CREEK, May 23.— A Red
Cross Society has been organized here.
Its membership includes women from
all over the valley, and already th>»
work of preparing comforts for the sol
dier boys had commenced. Meetings
will be held every few days ar«d the
work of following days mapped out. A
local fund has been started and is be
ing liberally subscribed to.
SAN RAFAEL, May 23.— The San
Rafael Red Cross League was formally
organized in this city to-day though
many of the representative ladies have
for several days been engaged in as
sisting the Red Cross League of Sau
salito. The following officers were
elected at the morning meeting: Mrs.
John F. Boyd, president; Mrs. Louis
Sloss, honorary president; Mrs. W.
Bradford, Mrs. Louis Gerstle, Mrs.
Hepburn Wilkins, Mrs. W. W. Mor
row, Mrs. Frank S. Johnson, Mrs.
Wickman, vice-presidents; Mrs. S. F.
Barstow, treasurer; Mrs. F. M. Angel
lotti, secretary, me executive com
mittee, beside those already named, will
include the following: Mrs. E. W. New
hall, Mrs. A. W. Foster, Mrs. W. Sale,
Mrs. A. F. Feckteler, Mrs. M. C. Duf
noy, Mrs. W. Elliott, Mrs. L. A. Lancel,
Mrs. Charles Christieflon, Mrs. T. Win
teringham. Mrs. John Alexander, Mrs.
Sidney M. Smith, Mrs. :. Gushing, Mrs.
P. N. Lilienthal, Mrs. Heoht.
ST. HELENA, May 23.— A branch at
the Red Cross Society has been organ
ized here, with sixty menfbers. Mrs.
J. H. Holihan was chosen president;
Mrs. R. H. Piohie, vice-president; Miss
Theresa Kennelly, secretary; Mrs. Liz
zie Martin, treasurer. A large sum was
subscribed.
WOULD GIVE UNCLE
SAM DUE WARNING.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., May 23.— An offi
cer from one of the British warships on
the west coast of this island arrived
here to-night to consult with the Gov
ernor, Sir Herbert Murray, as to the
contingency of the arrival of a Spanish
fleet in these waters to obtain coal.
The officer desires that his name
should not be mentioned, but he urged
Sir Herbert Murray to advise the
American Government to send one of
its fastest cruisers to patrol the Grand
Banks for a week or more; that the
cruiser, on sighting the Spaniards,
might give the earliest possible notice
of the movement of the enemy by mak
ing immediately for St. Johns or Cape
Race and telegraphing its information
to the United States.
For a Cuban Expedition.
MOBILE, Ala., M>-y 23.— The steamer
Fenita is loading ammunition here for
a Cuban expedition. Brigadier General
Rodriguez, who was a leading figure in
the ten years' war, is superintending
the loading of several car loads of any
munltion and 15,000 rifles and stores.
THE EMPORIUM.
f 9 a. m. to 2 m.
OUR FIRST SPECIAL
MORNING SALE TO-DAY.
. The big store gong will ring at precisely g o'clock this
morning, announcing the ) beginning of the Crockery Sale,
and again at precisely 12 o'clock, announcing its close.
SNA • None of the goods will be
\§y3» . sold at the sale prices be-
/iSff? fore or aftet those bours.
rp^rtL Chinaware —
1 IML^®& Half Prices*
"^^^^^^^, A great quantity and
/iT^^lli varied assortment of Eng-
/L>s^2 —^^±=^L lish* Printed and Deco-
(l , ■ rated Chinaware on sale from 9to 12
j i »^_ .. — o'clock to-day at half the regular
;//f. .... — -■- -^ prices, which are distinctly marked
U% Z'Mt*&&? thereon.
V? ~cf — " 98c per dozen -Dinner. Plates .......for 49c dozen
\/%j 75c per dozen Soup Plates :...... for 38c dozen
90c Covered Di5he5...................... ...........—..—■————. for 45c each
62c per dozen Mush Bowls— the ri^htsiz? .................for 31c dozen
$1.70 per dozen Printed Dinner Plates— gold edge— ..................f0r 63c dozen
1. 40 per dozen Printed Breakfast Plates— gold edge........... for 73c dozen
$1.25 per dozen Printed Dessert — gold edge...~.......:.......f0r 63c dozen
$1.2$ Printed Meat Dishes— gold edge- ............for 63c each
$2.75 Limoge China Chocolate Pnt5........... for $1.38 each .
98c American China Chocolate 1 P0t5....... .....ifor 49: each
51.00 Carlsbad China Cracker Jar - for 50c each
$1.00 Carlsbad China Jugs— large 5ize.:............... for 50c each
53.00 perdoz:n Carlsbad China Breakfast Plates — for $1.50 dozen
$3.56 per dozen Bavarian China Br-akfast Plates .....for $1.78 dozen
51.92 per dozen English Napoleon Plates - ....for 96c dozen
51.00 Decorated China Chocolate Cups— for 50c each
50c Decorated China Tea Cups.....'. - ~~i — — for 25c each
25c Decorated China Tea Cup 5................ — — for 13c each
20c Decorated China Mush Bowls- .— - for 10c each
51.80 per dozen Decorated China Bread and Butter Plates.— .—for ooc dozen
75c Delft Plaques— large size-.— ....... - — —..-.- ...for 38c each
tAlso Salad 'Bowls, Sauce and Berry Plates, Tea Pots, Sugar "Bowls, Tea
Tiles, Celery Trays, etc., etc.
Special Linen Values*
The prices quoted below are for the balance of the
week. A. comparison of prices and quality will con-
vince you that these are the best Linen Bargains
in town. .
8-4 Bleached Table Damask— closely woven,— beautifully finished — <t» * . r\r\
all new and pretty designs. Per yard- 4> >»UU
66 inch Extra Heavy Double Satin Damask, in 22 of the latest de- nr
signs. Per yard;................. « ..-.1...................;...— ...... /DC
Extra Large Linen Dinner Napkins— assortment of pat- &>"y rA
terns. - Per d0zen................... — .:_—-— —..-.... 4>Z»3U
Bleached Huck Towels— size 18x34 inches— either fringed ends or <t- •* r(\
hemmed. Per dozen — 4>>»3U
iB-inch Bleached Crash— all pure linen. Per yard ■* r\ ■
Men's All-Wool Abdominal Bands, 90c. Physicians recommend
everybody going to Manila to wear these health-preservers.
The Emporium and
Golden Rule Bazaar.
GEN. MERRITT
LEAVES BEHIND
A SWEETHEART
Announcement of His Eogagerr)eQt
to Miss Laura Williams of
Chicago.
CHICAGO, May 23. — The formal announcement of the engagement
of Miss Laura Williams, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Norman Williams of
Chicago, and granddaughter of the late Judge John Dean Caton. to
Major General Wesley Merritt, military Governor of the Philippine
Islands, was made to-day.
Miss Williams is about 20 years old, a brunette, graceful and pe
tite, but of striking appearance, with jet black hair and eyes and bril
liant coloring. She has received much attention here and abroad, and
especially in London, where she was the guest of Robert T. Lincoln,
when he was the representative of this country at the court of St.
James. She was presented at the Queen's drawing room with Miss
Lincoln. Norman Williams has for a number of years been one of the
well-known figures in Chicago legal and financial circles.
General Merritt wfes born in Illinois and is a graduate of West
Point. He entered the army directly after graduation in 1861. In April,
1863, he was appointed brijradier general, and his services throughout
the war were of the most distinguished form. Since its close he has
made a name for himself in Indian fighting, and in 1895 he was made
a major general.
General Merritt left for the Pacific Coast to-night on a special car
attached to the 6 o'clock train on the Chicago and Northwestern Rail
road. He refused to be interviewed and the members of his staff
maintained the same reticence.
BELIEVE OTIS
WILL WIN OUT
Senators Say the Editor |
Is Slated.
T9 BECOME A BRIGADIER.
CABBINGTON IS SECOND ON
THE LIST.
Surgeon-General Sternberg Asked to
Send Additional Surgeons to
Manila With the Volun
teers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 23.
Senators Perkins and White and
Major Frank McLaughlin. chairman of
the California Republican Committee,
called on the President this morning
and talked about the appointment of
coma California!! to command a
THE EMPORIUM.
brigade. It is still the opinion of White,
Perkins and McLaughlin that Colonel
Otis will be appointed, but if the Presi
dent should decide not to appoint any
brigadiers from civil life Captain de L..
Carrington of the regular army will
stand a first-rate chance. It is under
stood that neither General Dickinson,
nor Major Barrett have any chance for
the appointment, although both have
been highly recommended by Califor
nia people.
Senator Perkins in response to tele
grams from Governor Budd called on,
Surgeon General Sternberg to-day and
urged that additional surgeons be al
lowed for the Manila expedition. Theso
surgeons have already been selected
and are now at San Francisco. Sena
tor Perkins believes they will be ac
cepted by the War Department.
Three Calif ornians drew prizes in to
day's batch of Presidential nomina
tions: Rounseville Wildman, Senator
Stewart's son-in-law by adoption and
former editor of the Overland Monthly,
is promoted to be Consul General at
Hongkong instead of a mere Consul.
"Victor E. Nelson of San Francisco was
appointed Consul at Bergen, Norway,
and Rufus A. Lane of California wa3
nominated as secretary of the Ameri
can legation to Nicaragua, Costa Rica
and Salvador. He will be stationed at
San Jose, Costa Rica, with the United
States Minister, William L. Merry.
Death at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CKT'Z, May 23.— Merrill Britt,
an early settler and prominent Mason,
died lart evening from a stroke of paraly
sis. He was horn on February 21. 1829,
at Cincinnati, and arrived in California in
1852. He was a charter member of the
Masonic lodge at Knights Ferry, Stanis
laus County, and a past master of thaX
order.
56
TUESDAY MAY 24, j3oB
JOHN D. SPRLCKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Com^TiunicationsJaJ^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. f.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL 800M5.... 217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE «AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjis city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month
65 cents. _____
THE WEEKLY CALL.^. _ ; One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlggs Houm
C C CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hayes street. «oen until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
c'clocK- 615 Lark'n street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market i
etreet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 256
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second aria
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
BaJdwin-Ysaye
Columbia— "A Secret Warrant "
California— Hopkins Trans-Oceanic Star Specialty Co.
Alcazar— "Yorlck's Love
Morosco's— "Mrs. Parting-ton and Her Son Iko-"
Tlvoll-"The Poster."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Sherman, Clay Hall— Knelsel Quartet, Thursday afternoon.
Odd Fellows" Hall— Concert Thursday night,
Ihe Chutes— Zoo. Vaudeville, and 'Vlßlona of Art. '
Oiympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Sutro Baths— Swimming:,
X; Canjpo — Music, ciancin?, boatinir, fjshlnr. every Sunday.
AUCTION SALiiS.
By Sullivan &, Doyle— Wednesday, May 2b, Horses, at 827 Sixth
Btreet. at 11 o'clock.
By Easton, Eldrldge & Co.— Thursday, May 26, Rugs, at 106
Gra.it avenue, at 2 v clock
By Klilip& Co.— Thursday, June 2, Horses, at San Mateo Stocft
Farm, at 1U o'clock.
SPANISH TACTICS.
I-* HE success with which the Spanish fleet in the
West Indies has played a game of hide and seek
"■". among the islands of the Caribbean Sea for so
long a time tells heavily against any hope of a speedy
end to the war. To make a campaign short, sharp
and decisive it is necessary to have a foe who can be
found easily An artful dodger, however readily he
might be overcome in battle, is i ot to be captured
quickly when he has room enough to make good use
of his nimble legs.
The tactics which have been employed by the
Spanish are such as were to have been expected of
them both from the conditions of the war and from
their national characteristics. No weak people pitted
against a strong nation and forced to fight at a great
distance from their base of supplies would be
guilty of the folly of risking everything on the result
of a single battle. However daring and bold they
might be prudence would prevent them from rushing
to a combat where defeat w^ould mean ruin. The
bravest of races under such circumstances would pur
sue a Fabian policy and seek to achieve by strategy
what they could not hope to gain by direct fighting.
These tactics which circumstances render wise on
their part are the more acceptable to the Spaniards
because they are in accord with Spanish methods of
making war. It has never been their policy to fight
pitched battles when such conflicts could be avoided.
Their national existence has been maintained in
Europe solely by their indomitable courage in guer
rilla warfare and their fitness for carrying it on. It
has ever been easy to overthrow their armies, but
never possible to subdue their country. These tactics
which wore out the great Napoleon are now to be ap
plied against us, and, if we are to force the war to a,
swift conclusion, we will have to show not only
strength in fighting the foe, but a tireless speed in
pursuing him.
When Dewey took possession of the arsenal and
the wrecks of the Spanish ships at Manila he found
that orders had been given and preparations were
being made for the removal of the fleet from that
harbor. Had he not descended upon them with the
swiftness of an eagle swooping upon its prey they
would have sailed away, and he would have had be
fore him a game of hide and seek in the Philippines
as tedious and perplexing as that w-hich now exasper
ates Sampson in the West Indies. To his vehement
speed of attack as much as to his daring and his skill
do we owe the victory which has saved our Pacific
Coast and commerce from the menace of Spanish
assault.
It is to be regretted that we were not prepared to
strike in the West Indies as promptly as we did in the
Philippines. The conditions, however, were too dif
ferent to render such a course advisable. The result
is that the Spaniards have Had a chance to get their
ships out of Havana and scatter them around the
Caribbean Sea, where they have been lately joined by
the fleet commanded by Cervera. Now we have be
fore us the long hunt after an enemy whose course
seems to be about as uncertain as that of Andree on
his aerial voyage to the pole. What we need most in
our Atinntic fleet are swift cruisers rather than battle
ships, and unfortunately we have hardly enough of
them for the work. Unless Cervera commits a blun
der or some splendid good fortune attends our arms,
trie West Indian campaign of hide and seek will prob
ably last for a long time to come.
Chief Lees was in evidence yesterday. On a high
stepping horse and decorated with much gold braid
he formed an imposing spectacle The policemen who
followed him marched well and wore their good
clothes. But people did not throng the streets for
the purpose of looking at policemen. Their eyes were
for the soldiers. The province of the police should
have been to keep order. They should have been
ranged along the pavement for the purpose of con
trolling the crowds. As it was, 4 the crowds were un
restrained, and in their enthusiasm made great con
fusion, obstructed the view and created an actual
danger. There is no objection to the chiefs being
as ornamental as possible, but he and the men under
him are paid principally to be useful.
It is extremely difficult to get up a scare on the sup
position that this country is to be invaded from
Mexico. An idea prevails that Diaz might feel like
saying something about it and get his soldiers to
illustrate his remarks.
If the women declare war on France the effect
would be to improve styles, kill off a lot of fads and
give the French a needed lesson in manners.
Perhaps it will be a consolation to Dewey to learn
that the Government has great admiration for him
and wishes him well.
THE CZfIR-MfIYOR OF NEW YORK
AN object lesson illustrating the Czar-
Mayor theory in practical operation is
opportunely furnished by ex-Judge Van
Wyck, the blue-blooded potentate of Greater
New York. The light which this lesson throws
up«n the charter discussion now in progress
in tlf is city emboldens us to call the attention not
only of the people but of the advocates of the so
called Phelan charter to the plain facts of the case.
To begin with, Mayor Van Wyck is a "reform"
Czar-Mayor. He was chosen because of his high
social position, pure political affiliations and immacu
late pedigree. He is a descendant of the first families
of the metropolis, and during the campaign of last
fall not a single word was said against either his char
acter or integrity. Yet ever since he became Mayor
he has been the willing political instrument of the
Tammany bosses. All his appointments have been
dictated by Boss Croker, and even at this distance it
is perceivable that he is engaged in building up a
Democratic machine in the city of New York which is
destined to be stronger than any that ever existed in
the Empire State before.
The crisis came in the affairs of the combination,
however, when Tammany attempted to get control of
the Police Department. The charter of Greater New
York, like that now pending in this city, provides for
a bi-partisan Police Commission — that is, a commis
sion of four, two Democrats and two Republicans —
and authorizes the Mayor to appoint and remove at
pleasure. Van Wyck started out with two Tammany
Democrats and two Platt Republicans — a commis
sion at once engaging and reformatory in its tenden
cies. But the plan did not work. Either the Platt
Commissioners would not permit the Tammany gam
blers and blackmailers to "run" the city or they were
dissatisfied with the division of spoils allotted to
them. At all events they resisted the enforcement of
the Tammany programme, and Mayor Van Wyck re
moved them.
Of course there are charges of corruption on both
sides. The Tammany bosses declare that Phillips
and Hamilton, the deposed Commissioners, stood be
tween them and the inauguration of reforms in the
department. This, however, is too laughable to ob
tain, general credence. The Platt bosses declare that
their men endeavored to prevent the introduction of
the Tammany machine into the department. There is
every reason to believe that this is true, for Van Wyck
has replaced Phillips and Hamilton with two Tam
many Republicans.
Nor is the quarrel likely to end here. Governor
Black, a Platt Republican, is talking about "remov
ing" Van Wyck. It appears that the charter of Great
er New York invests him with some such power. The
; immediate result, however, has been to completely
i disorganize the New York Police Department. Chief
i McCullough has been dismissed and the heads of sev-
eral of his captains are on the block. The entire force
! are now engaged, not in maintaining the law and pre
serving the peace, but in running about to secure the
I "pull" necessary to keep their places. There is no
i confidence in civil service rules at such a crisis. But
it appears that the Governor may suspend Van Wyck.
No such authority exists under the charter pending
in this city. Here if the Mayor elected under the in
strument were to remove two Police Commissioners
who refused to give all the places to the Sullivan fac
tion of the local Democratic party no power on earth
could menace him. Indeed, the Mayor is the only
I official of our proposed charter for whose removal or
suspension no provision has been made.
THE TORPEDO-BOAT.
I ;OR years past the interest of the general public
in naval affairs has been mainly centered in tor-
pedo-boats. These little craft that were supposed
to be able to dive under water and come up under or
near a massive battle-ship and blow her to fragments
appealed to popular imagination. They were sug
gestive of the wonderful ship of Jules Verne"s
"Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea." The
average man read of them with thrilling interest and
held vast and undefined expectations of what they
would accomplish as soon as the dogs of war were
loosed and they were sent free like demons of the
deep to ravage the ocean and the multitudinous seas
incarnadine.
We have been at war for more than a month, and
the only torpedo-boat that has distinguished herself is
the Winslow. Her distinction lies in the fact that she
got herself knocked to pieces by presuming on her
ability to whip a land battery and sink some Spanish
ships lying under its protection. This incident shows
that the torpedo is not so invulnerable as popular
fancy supposed. It clearly demonstrates that there are
some things in the way of naval destruction that the
magic craft will have to leave to more old-fashioned
ships to perform.
Before hostilities began we heard much of the
torpedo-boats the Spanish had gathered at Havana,
and our patriotic fears were aroused lest in the night
they should slip out from the harbor under the cover
of darkness, approach our blockading fleet, dive un
der water, sink a battle-ship or two and return in
safety to be greeted like the matador who had made a
daring stroke in a bull-ring. Not a thing, however,
have these marvelous Spanish torpedoes accom
plished. So idle have they been that some people are
beginning to doubt their existence.
Admiral Dewey steamed into Manila harbor as
careless of mines and of torpedo-boats as if such
things had no more terrors than so many sea ser
pents. He moved his squadron close in to the shal
low waters of Cavite Bay and banged a- ay at the
Spanish arsenal, land batterier and ships with as
much coolness as if he lived and was fighting in days
before torpedo-boats were invented. Indeed, a casual
observer watching him as he made his way into the
port through the darkness and following his man
euvers in the battle would be inclined to believe that
he had never heard of these dread machines of mod
ern war and was brave through a blissful ignorance of
his danger.
The war is as yet young, and before it closes the
torpedo-boat may get in its deadly work. Up to this
time, however, the public has awaited in vain for the
thrill of its first startling, devastating blow. Spain
has many such boats and so have we. Sooner or
later one of them will show its ability as a fighting
machine and we shall then have a better conception
of its power. In the meantime it is significant that
neither side seems to rely much upon them. The
Spanish have never launched one of theirs ag-ainst
our blockading ships, and we, after putting the Win
slow up against a land battery, will hardly repeat the
experiment.
The citizen who immediately after the Manila affair
named his new boy Dewey, his own name being Dun
ham, makes his meaning plain enough even if there
is involved an assault on grammar.
Now the boys of the First know what we think of
them anyhow.
THE SAN FRAXCtSCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1898.
ANNEXATION ARGUMENT.
THE New York Journal yells for Hawaiian an
nexation with a zeal which suggests a contingent
fee that is needed in its business.
In a late issue the Journal says that annexation was
the policy of Presidents Tyler, Taylor, Fillmore,
Pierce, Johnson, Grant and Harrison, and Secre
taries of State Webster, Calhoun, Buchanan, Clayton,
Marcy, Scward, Fish, Frelinghuysen, Blame and Fos-
ter. This is a sweeping misrepresentation of history
and a palpable falsehood. Of the lists of Presidents
quoted only Harrison favored annexation, and of the
Secretaries only Foster. It is true that Marcy did
negotiate an annexation treaty, but it was at the insti
gation of a weak ruler of the islands, and was never
ratified. Marcy's real policy seems to have been, ex
pressed in the reciprocity treaty which he negotiated
with Mr. Lee, the Hawaiian representative. The
other statesmen named are all on record for the
autonomy and independence of the islands.
American statesmen have been aware of two possi
ble embarrassments in the Hawaiian situation; one
arising in their ownership as a colony by the United
States, the other in their passing under the dominion
of any European power. The latter was amply pro
vided against by the Anglo-French treaty of 1842, by
which Great Britain and France agreed never in any
manner or form, directly or indirectly, to assume
dominion or control of Hawaii. While the United
States was not a party to that treaty in fact, it brought
that two nations that were into line with us and made
the acquisition of the islands by any European power
impossible, since any one attempting it roust antago
nize Great Britain, Franc? and this republic.
The islands were guaranteed in their independence
and neutrality with autonomy as a state in the
American system of nations and all the rights of a
government within the Monroe hemisphere. From
that policy we have never varied until the machina
tions of Minister Stevens in 1893 put in power a mi
nority and erected a military oligarchy sustained by 2
per cent of the people. The position of all the
American statesmen named by the Journal, with the
two exceptions noted, was never better stated than
by Blame himself. In his official letter of Novem
ber 19, 1881, to Comly, our Minister at Honolulu, he
said:
"The Government of the United States has. tcith
unvarying consistency, manifested respect for the in
dependence of the Hawaiian kingdom and an earnest
desire for the welfare of its people. It has always
felt and acted on the conviction that the possession of
the islands by a peaceful and prosperous power, with
which there was no possibility of controversy or col
lision, was most desirable, in reference to its own
large and rapidly increasing interests in the Pacific.
It has declined, even at the request of the Hawaiian
people, to assume over their affairs a protectorate,
which would only be a thinly disguised domination,
and it has confined its efforts and influence to
strengthening their government and opening to their
commerce and enterprise the readiest and most profit
able connection with its own markets."
Now, that was a plain statement of our historic
policy. From that policy Mr. Blame contemplated
only one cause of deviation, which he said would be
in a tendency on the part of the Hawaiian Govern
ment to drift toward the Asiatic system, in which
event an American solution would become necessary.
It will be seen that the Journal's statement is false,
as the reasons for it are probably corrupt, and this is
a good time to suggest that the people should be on
their guard against innovations and novelties in our
national policy which are urged by newspapers like
Hearst's, notorious for blackmail, corruption and the
leasing of their editorial opinions on time contracts
to anybody who will pay the price demanded.
Our policy toward Hawaii has been to support neu
trality and independence and control her trade by the
natural gravitation of commerce. Nothing has hap
pened to make necessary a change in this policy, and
it is unlikely that anything will happen to justify it.
THE OREGON ELECTION.
DEMOCRATIC opposition in Congress to the
bond clause of the war revenue bill raises a
distinct issue against the administration on an
important measure growing out of the conflict with
Spain. It is clearly the intention of the Democratic
leaders to make this issue the dominant one in the
campaign before the people in the coming Congres
sional elections, and therefore a new interest is given
to the contest now going on in "Oregon, where a Con
gressional as well as a State ticket is to be elected on
June 6.
The "war issue," as it may be called, has been
sprung suddenly upon the Oregon voters, for it was
not foreseen at the time the party platforms were
made and the rival candidates nominated, but it will
not take them unawares nor find them unprepared to
deal with it. No elaborate campaign of education will
be needed to inform the intelligent voters of that
State of the meaning of the question submitted to
them, nor of the effect which their decision upon it
will have throughout the country. They will under
stand at once that it is but a new form of the old
issue of good money against bad, of safe finance
against rash experiment; and that if they should vote
against the administration on this issue the effect
would be to weaken the power of the country in war
by discrediting to some extent the security of its
bonds and the value of its money.
There is no weakness in the position taken by Ore
gon Republicans on the issue between gold and free
silver. The declaration of the party platform on that
question is a model of strength and clearness. This
fact gives assurance that in facing about to meet the
new form of fiat money attack there will be no lack
of courage or vigor. The conduct of the campaign
on that line will be as welcome to them as it would
have been to go over again the old battle of '96. The
war revenue bill, bond clause and all,-^ust as it passed
the House, will find support from every loyal Repub
lican, and the issue between the administration and its
opponents will be made as sharp and distinct as any
of the Democrats or Populists of the State dare to
confront.
Governor Leedy of Kansas should resign, and, hav
ing thus acquired leisure, devote it to kicking himself.
He is the gentleman who took the uniforms away
from the State troops on learning that they were
going into Federal service. In consequence the gal
lant Kansans are here clad just as they came from
the farm or store. Happily they may be at home
again in time for the next election.
The reporter who affirmed that the Minnesota regi
ment was not well equipped showed extremely bad
judgment. But he is keeping away from the camp,
which shows that he can on occasion exercise judg
ment of a thoroughly sane variety.
Sergeant Green of the police force is to be congrat
ulated. There are few men who can send three sons
away on the country's service and have six left at
home.
THE VOICE OF THE FAIR SOUTHLAND
lOVINGLY laden with flowers the desolate mourners go" is a line from
Judge Flinch's beautiful tribute to Southern women on the Mississippi.
And so surely as the seasons come and go do women gather to pay
tribute to the soldier dead. The tender hand that waved adieu in '61
Is now the wrinkled palm; and the blooming cheek of those eventful days
is crossed by many lines; life's sun-rays slant far past noon; but on this
day of days when Southern womanhood does reverent homage at the shrine
of its dead, the old hark again to the sound of the ringing bugle and to
the stirring drum-beat when the boys in gray marched forth to battle.
Virginia became the Southern cemetery. And in the long, sad Interlude
Rachel has mourned for her children.
It matters ltttle that the issue has been sealed forever. The South haa
long ago accepted that fact, and from desolation has gathered strength.
But there is above it a greater fact, and that is the sacred duty of the citi
zen to defend the home of his fathers. The boys in gray did that until
almost none were left to wield a saber or shoulder a musket. So that the
tomb of a Confederate soldier is more august in its stern and uninviting
aspect than a mausoleum. It is not merely a shrine of liberty; it is liberty
enshrined. The men who dared all, fought with all strength and lost all,
can never cease to be heroes in the sight of their countrymen.
The South has not forgotten; the South cannot forget. The rancor has
faded like a mist; the mad echo of passion has moaned itself still. But
patriotism, reverence and love remain; and love distilled in the magic ves
sel of memory' sheds f.b fragrance on every grave that holds a faithful
soldier of the cause.
It stirs the heart. It brings tears to the eyes, it makes the blood surge
in the veins to witness the beautlfu ceremony of loving hands wreathing
those graves with garlands. It is a part of the blessed ministry of woman
—a right none denies her— a function at which she is supreme. Upon her,
whether in victory or defeat, the blow has fallen. When the country rang
with tidings of victory, she thought of husband, son or brother that had
bought it with his blood; and when sad faces told of the defeat, she still
counted the cost and reckoned fearfully on a loss that time could not repay.
And now it is her hand that decks the graves and her heart that treasures
deepest the memories of the dead.
The country is again at war; the city is filled with troops mustering for
fight, and there may be more heroes and more graves. The act of the
women to-day shows that no man who does his duty will fall of loving
recognition by the hearts of his countrywomen. He will live green In mem
ory whether he is a general or the humblest private in the ranks.
The occasion calls up the lines of John Esten Cook, written at Kelly
Ford, where the gallant Pelham, our young Marcellus, was slain. A North
ern band had begun playing tho national air, and Cook wrote:
»
O band in the pine weeds, cease!
Cease with your splendid call;
The living are brave and noble,
But the dead were bravest of all.
They come with the ringing bugle
And the low drum's hollow roar,
Till the heart is sick with longing
For the forms we see no more.
7^* * a . !lant form 3 that dared death In the early sixties under the stars
and bars have almost disappeared; but they live again on Memorial day.
They come to life at the touch of a woman's hand; they are knights sans
peur et sans reproche in the hearts of Southerh women-God bless our
women, the guardians of our dead.— From The State, Columbia, & C
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
S. H. Mitchell of Selkirk, N. W. T., is
at the California.
Warren Sexton, an attorney of Oroville,
is located at the Grand.
Thomas H. Thompson, a real estate
man of Tulare, la at the Lick.
Dr. E. C. Reed and wife of Petaluma
are among the arrivals at the Grand.
A. E. Gwynne, wife and son, Arthur
Gwynne, of New York, are guests at the
Baldwin.
R. R. Veal. Sheriff of Contra Costa
County, Is registered at the Grand from
Martinez.
Captain J. J. Brlce, ex-United States
Fish Commissioner, will be at the Palace
for a few days.
J. Butler, a railroad man of Portland,
Oregon, is among those who are regis
tered at the California.
E. T. Parsons, the Pacific Coast repre
sentative of a paint factory in Chicago,
Is registered at the Occidental.
Mrs. E. C. Wheeler and Mrs. Stoddard,
wo ladles well-known in social circles in
71overdale, are gxiests at the Lick.
Lewis T. Wright, manager of the Iron
Mountain copper mine at Keswick, in
Shasta County, Is staying at the Pal
ace.
Commodore E. H. C. Leutie, TJ. S. N.,
Lloyd England, of • the United States
army, and H. G. Boswell are at the Oc
cidental.
Dr. R. A. F. Penrose, a mining engi
neer and proprietor of extensive mining
interests in Arizona and Mexico, Is at
the Palace.
Three feminine
frequenters of the
races, who are
plungers In a
small way, were
"losers" to a con-
NEW WAY
TO BEAT THE
RACES.
siderable extent
up to one day
last week. On thnt day they went over
to the track according to their usual cus
tom, and they came to the conclusion that
something must be done to retrieve their
low Pi. which had become painfully
monotonous. When the trio reached the
grand stand they evolved all kinds of
j schemes, but they were discarded as be
ing utterly impracticable and useless. At
last, one of the ladies, struck with a sud
din idea, excitedly said: "I'll tell you
what we will do. I,et us buy an extra
jirnßramme." This was done, and the
other two wonderingly watched their
friend produce a small pair of scissors
with which she proceeded carefully to
cut out the printed names of the horses
that had been posted fo run in the first
race. After cutting them all out she
mixed the little slips of paper in her lap.
mid then closing her eyes, she picked
me of them out, and calling a pool boy
oniercd him to place a bet on the horse
thus drawn.
Strange to relate the ' horse actually
came In first, and the fair inventor of a
new system to beat the races was a
winner on the first race. Her compan
ions now entered Into the spirit of the
scheme, and the same plan of drawing
the slips was carried out for the succeed
ing five races. Although they lost on
one race the system was eminently suc
cessful in all the others, and at the end
Of the day they divided up $200 as the
winnings of that afternoon.
"Whether or not they pursued the plan
after that is not known, but it appears
that the system, while not to be entirely
recommended as a "sure thing," Is about
as good as any that have been generated
in the fertile brain of the habitual race
goer.
William H. Hudson of Stanford Univer
sity, accompanied by his wife, and Lieu
tenant M. C. Gorgas and wife of Mare
Island are registered at the California.
Dr. Wright, a capitalist and extensive
sugar planter of Honolulu, is at the Oc
cidental with his family. They have been
visiting in the Southern part of the State.
James F. Hunsicker and wife, B. A.
Seaborg of Portland, Max Friedlander of
Chicago and W. H. Edwards of Melbourne
were some of the arrivals at the Baldwin.
J. W. Buckminster, proprietor of the
Jumper gold mine In Stent, which is con
sidered the beat paying mine, in propor
tion to the number of stamps used, in the
United States, Is registered at the Bald
win.
Colonel and Mrs. R. Temple of India.
J. J. Byrne of Los Angeles, division su
perintendent of the Santa Fe, and Charles
R. Drake, a Tucson merchant, were
omonp those who registered at the Pal
ace yesterday afternoon.
William Sproule. freight traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company,
left Milwaukee on Sunday night, and will
arrive here on Wednesday evening. He
has been attending the meeting of the
Transcontinental Freight Bureau.
H. L. Frank, who has been at the Pal
ace for several months, left last night for
Portland and Spokane Falls, and will pro-
ceed from the latter place to his home in
Butte, Montana. His racing horses, among
whom are Imp. Bitter Root, Malakwa and
El Mido, and thirteen others, will be
shipped to-day to Butte in Marcus Daly's
private car which the latter sent here
and placed at the disposal of Mr. Frank.
THEY ARE READY.
Where the pines bend In tha breezes in the
forests old of Maine,
■Where the orange blows In beauty on the «un
_^_^ kiss'd Southern plain.
Where rise the golden mountains far above the
Weßtern sea
Lifts the chorus: "W© ar» ready! Forward'
Cuba must be free!
Strike a blow for liberty'"'
Where Atlantic's crested billows dash asainst
a sturdy coast,
Eager for the call to battle stands a gallant
hero host:
Where the great Ohio rushes past metropolis
and plain.
Like a mighty people speaking you can hear
the loud refrain:
"We will break the Spanish chain!"
Pants the sword within its scabbard to avenge
the wrongs of men,
Spain has blackened hlst'ry's pages with th«
crimes of centuries ten;
Her gonfalons have floated over seas of human
gore,
Bhe lias sown with death and terror! Cuba's
fair and happy shore.
Until vengeance cries: "No more!"
Freedom's stalwart sons stand ready for the
thrilling call to arms.
Ready in the teeming cities, ready on a thous
and farms;
They have heard too long already trampled
Cuba's wailing cry.
In the shadow of our banner they have seen
her people die;
To their rescue let us fly!
God has weighed in Right's stern balances the
myriad crimes of Spain,
The hour has come for vengeance; it may never
come again;
Let the bright lone star of Cuba rise In splen
dor o'er the wave.
And her people stand beneath It, ever free and
truly brave,
With Oppression in its grave.
— Cincinnati Times-Star.
PERRY'S VISIT TO JAPAI7.
Commodore Dewey Is not the first
American who has led a hostile fleet Into
a harbor of the far East. Commodore
Perry, a brother of the hero of Lake
Erie, was before him. Perry's expedition
was not as bloody as Dewey's, and the
risks he ran were less; there was no
chance of being lifted sky-high by an ex
ploding mme — torpedoes were not then
the thing. There was a brilliant, spec
tacular side to his undertaking.
With the coming of day, July 8, 1853. the
Japanese got the first glimpse of the
slow-moving, sailless invader ships. With
what consternation the alarm must
have spread! A stranger, perhaps a con
queror, his ships moving as no Japanese
ship had ever moved, was already in the
heart of their bay.
Presently the sun got high enough to
dispel the fog and the bay lay open. Still
the invaders moved slowly on. Junks,
brilliantly painted, hovered toward them. j
and got no more attention than if they
were soap bubbles blown upon the shining
surface of the water. A fleet of boats ■
came down the bay to stop the advance
of the ships, and the American plowed
silently through. Immense crowds tnat
had gathered upon every Headland stared
dumfounded.
And then Perry put another touch to
his sphinx-like impudence. Slowing down
his engines, he began sounding the "bay.
At every revolution of the paddles the
lead was thrown. There was no inquiry
of any one where to anchor; no asking of
permission. As indifferent to the junks,
boats, crowds, kingdom round about him
as If he owned the earth, he quietly hunt
ed for an anchorage, found one to his
liking, and let go his ajichors off the city
of ITraga, with his cannon commanding
it. Immediately two guns were lired, evi
dently as signals, from the batteries of
the town, and a rocket leaped Into the air.
And now for the consummation of Per
ry's peculiar plan. He withdrew to his
?abin. Presently an officer came out from
Fraga and desired to parley with the
commodore. He was met with a most
anexpected demand. What was his rank?
The commodore would nave no dealings
except with the officials of the very high
est rank. This one was only the Vice-
Qovernor, and back he must go to Uraga.
For no such small fry as a Vice-Gov
ernor would inscrutable Perry come out
3f his cabin.
Night fell, and Perry did not move. Ex-
Mtement reigned around Yeddo Bay. Guns
were fired. Rockets shot into air. Every
battery on the headlands was thronged
with soldiers— had been lilling with them
all day. Beacon fires twinkled through
the night here, there, everywhere. Perry
lay Quietly at hi 3 anchors.
The next day the Governor of Uraga
came out to the flagship. This was a lit
tle better than the Vice-Governor, and he
got a trifle better treatment. Imperturb
able Perry still refused to come out of
his cabin, but he delegated one of his offi
cers to receive the governor. But his
excellency must distinctly understand
that this high and mighty commodore
ivfft the bearer of a letter from the still
higher and mightier, the American Presi
dent, to his majesty the Emperor of Ja
pan. The said mighty commodore pro
posed to give this letter up to a great
prince of Japan, and to nobody lower In
rank- That was all there was "about it.
There is only one place in Japan," said
the authorities, "wluue a foreign com
munication can be properly received. You
must go to Nagasaki."
*'I won't," said Perry.
He now began to threaten. For an
Dtiter barbarian to have thriist himself
thus coolly into forbidden waters must
lave surprised Japan enough; but for him
to propose a meeting with the Kmperor
must have been all but past belief. But
that is what Perry did. He issued his
.Utimatum with that for his text. Eith*
tie should get word by Tuesday, July 1'
that the sort of interview he desired" had
seen arranged, or he would himself carry
the letter to the Emperor. Apparently
this amazing commodore, with his pro
roking supply of insulting calmness felt
competent, he and his six Bhips. to make
sne meal of the whole of Japan.
What the Japanese Government thought
tias not been published, but it came to
terms. The great functionary would meet
the commodore, and Thursday. July 14
was set for the interview. " High ar#i
nighty Perry could now come forth from
lis cabin, triumphant at every point. If
that deep, dry. ironical sense ,of humor,
the earmark of • the American, /did- not
twinkle In Perry's eyes.- at least it ought
to have done so.— Cincinnati Commercial
Tribune. " '. ■' _ - ' - g'""
■♦ ■ —
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ALMADEN-A. D. R., Auburn. Cal. Al
maden 18 Spanish for mine, but the terra
now is obsolete.
STOCKTON— J. F. M.. Stockton, Cal.
The elevation of the city of Stockton
above the sea level i2s.' < , feet.
TO NEW ORLEANS— F. R. S.. Penn
prove, Cal. The rate of first-class fare to
New Orleans from San Francisco is Pi 60.
TXCB-OOKSUL HABON The remains
of the !at» iul Mason, who died
In Sausalit ' ■+• * »•"<>• were laid
ut rest in Baa Rafae 1
th!- N City. ti
roa left Ban Krai
What hei ' l an *
. i by the ' partment.
ADVERTISEMENTS— Subscribers, City.
The department of Answers to Corre
spondents has no knowledge of the stand
ing: of the firms whose advertisements are
inclosed in your communication.
HOPPERS ON THE VINE— L. O. H.,
San Jose, Cal. For information Jn regard
to the hopper that infests the vineyards
write to the secretary of the State Board
of Horticulture, Sacramento, Cal.
TETLOW- A. S. and C. A. W.. City.
The late Samuel Tetlow shot and killed
William Bkeantebury, in the Bella Union,
July 10, 1880. Tetlow was at one time an
inmate of the San Francisco Almshouse.
THE CALIFORNIA HUNDRED— O. T..
City. The review of the California Hun
dred by Mayor Teschemacher and Lieu
tenant-Colonel Thompson on Portsmouth
Square, in this city, was on the 10th of
December, 1562.
SUCCESSION— Country Reader, Tulare.
Cal. If a husband dies without having
made a will, if there is but one child and
the widow, the property goes in equal
shares to the surviving widow and child
or issue of such child.
AMERICAN LEGION OF HONOR— O.
M., City. A list of the lodgeo of the
American Legion of Honor In this city
will be furnished by C. O. Burton, the
grand secretary, on application at hia
office in St. Ann's building.
THE CLOCK DIAL— A. L. P., Oakland.
Cal. The diameter of the dial of the clock
in the ferry tower is 22 feet. That of the
clock in the Chronicle building is 16 feet.
The numerals on the tower clock are
three feet high.
OFFICERS OF VOLUNTEERS—Sub
scriber, Madera, Cal. A man named and
commissioned as an officer of a company
of volunteers of the army of the United
States is subjected to the same physical
examination that an enlisted man is.
THE OREGON— S. A. M., City. The
keel of the United States ship Oregon was
laid November 19, 1890. She was placed
in commission June 26, 1896. She was
launched October 26. 1593. At one time
there was between sev.en and eight hun
dred men at work upon her.
ROBERT BRUCE— B. S. 8., Livermore.
Cal. Robert Bruce of Scotland was con
temporary- with Edward I and with Ed
ward 111 of England. Bruce was crowned
King of Scotland in 1306 and reigned un
til 1329. Edward I was King of England
from 1272 until 1307 and Edward 111 from
1327 to 1377.
THE HEIGHT— G. D., City. The
height to the top of the cupola
on the Claus Spreckels building at Mar
ket and Third streets is 327 feet, and the
gilt ball on the flag staff above is thirty
five feet, so that to the top of the gilt
ball on the top of the staff the height is
3C2 feet.
PROMOTIONS— R. C. City. There -is
•no fixed number of promotions There the
fixed number of promotions in the
United States army yearly. Promotions
follow the filling of a vacancy. Privates
in the army have the right to prepare
themselves 'for examination: for second
lieutenant. If they. pass a successful ex
amination they are recommended for
commission. ___£___
RAILROAD FACTS— A. H. R_ Bonnie
Doon, Cal. The agent of the Great North
ern Railway at San Francisco Is E. S.
I Blair; that of the Northern Pacific is T.
IR. Stately. The Omaha exhibition will
open June 1. There will not be any cheap
! excursion rates to it from San Francisco.
I The fare to Dcs Koines is; $35 25.
' UNCLE AND COUSINS— N. : N., City.
The law in almost . every portion of the
world prohibits the marriage of uncle and
"niece or aunt and nephew, but there is
no '■ law that prohibits an uncle from
marrying: a first cousin, except the law
of nature which visits its penalties on
those who " do. These are often in the
form of imbecile children. ■ ■;
. ARMORED CRUISERS— A. O. S., City.
The United -, States has but two armored
cruisers, the New York and the Brooklyn.
The guns : on these aggregate thirty-eight.
Spain has the following named armored
cruisers: Oquendo,- Cisneros, Catalina,
Maria Teresa, Asturias, Vizcaya, C.
Colon, Aragon, Carlos V., Neunanlta and
Vitoria. These carry an aggregate of 145
guns. These carry an aggregate of 146
's- _
RESURRECTION BAT— J. B. X., Sky
land, Cal. V Mail for Resurrection Bay, via
Orca, Alaska, will leave Seattle about the
l">th :of ; each month during the > open sea
son. \ Letters intended for that place must
be mailed 1 in time. to reach Seattle on the
14th. At other times mail is forwarded by
the .vessels of the Pacific Whaling Com
pany, but that service is irregular.
EMULSlON— Subscriber, , Calistoga, Cal.
The following is given as the formula for
making an emulsion of mineral oil: Six
ounces of concentrated size, one pound of
soft ■ soap,' one gallon of .water ■will
emulsify two gallons of mineral oil. Such
lsify two gallons of mineral oil. Such
an ' emulsion, used with a sprinkler on
rose bushes, Is , said- to destroy the aphis,
which in your communication you desig
nate as "rose lice." But it is said that
a better way ; to protect the rose bushes
is to place ring protect on the branches,
o place a ring of tar on the branches,
and " that will prevent . . the aphis from
reaching and depositing eggs in the rose
buds. A . simple remedy is to . sprinkle
flour of sulphur on the affected bushes or
water with an infusion of hellebore. If
any leaves show 'Signs .of disease of any
kind' pluck them v as : soon as - discovered,
and in that way prevent the disease from
spreading. . Destroy all such leaves. ••"
UNION HALL— W. F., City. Union Hall,
recently destroyed by fire. was opened for
inspection April! 29, 1863. One of the local
papers had the "following on the morning
of . the ; 30th: "This hall One of the local
•rs had the following on the morning
ne 30th: '•This hall is without excep
tion: the handsomest, and, as we believe
it to l be, . the most extensive in the
Union." The hall was Inaugurated ■• by
Pennsylvania ; Engine • Company No. 12 •of
the Volunteer Fire Department, which
gave 'its v fifth annual promenade concert
and ball on the evening of the 30th of
April. The artists who took : part in the'
concert •; were , Mrs. W. H. r Leighton, Sig
nor., and * Signora -• Blanch!,- Signora Jose
phine d'Ormy,. Signor Fellinl. , Signor
Grossi and Gregg.:. The orchestra of
thirty pieces was under, the leadership of
Charles Schultz. for many years foreman
of St. Francis Hook and Ladder Company
and for a long time leader of the Califor
nia Theater orchestra. ..■ '. - • •
Cal. glace fruit 60c per n> at Townsend't.*
.' ■ '.. . .-..-.•--- -.' *.*......... _ . -. \-
Rare books, .valuable sto any person, for
sale at Odd Fellows'. Library, Seventh and
Market street.'.: Great bargains. •
Special ? Information supplied ■ daily to
business houses and public ; men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street, h Telephone Main 1042. • •
"And can you give my daughter all the
luxuries she has been accustomed to?"
asked the millionaire.
"Yes. sir," modestly, yet proudly, de
clared the young man. "I may even say
my tamden is better than yours."— Judge.
Excursion to Grand Canyoii of the
Colorado.
A select party of educators and scientists wUt
leave San Francisoo Monday. . une 8. for the
Grand Canyon of the Colorado. In charge of
Profppsor Emory Smith of Palo Alto. Very
low rates have been male. and a pleasant and
profitable trip Is sured. Full particular* at
Santa Fe office, 644 Market st.
Angostura Bitters— Prepared by Da. Sno-
KliT for his private nso. have become famous M
the best appetizing- tonic. Accept no other.SPANISH
STATESMEN
BLUSTER
They Declare the United
States Has Violated
Law of Nations.
Because the Spanish Flag Was
Displayed by Our Warships
the Threat of Privateer=
ing Is Made,
MADRID, May 23.— 1n the Senate to- |
day Count Almenas vehemently pro- '
tested against the allege*! action > A f
pome American warship in displaying
the Spanish flag in order to deceive the
garrison of Guantanamo, as announced
on Saturday last, in a dispatch from
Captain General Blanco, who added
that the American ships were "immedi
ately recognized and repulsed."
The Count asked if the Government
had notified the powers of this incident.
The Minister of the Interior, Senpr
Capdepon, replied that he had notified
the powers and described this reported
action as "cowardly and iniquitous."
Count Almenas said: "In view of
America's manner of making war,
Spain must immediately decree priva
teering, in order to utterly destroy
American shipping."
To this tho Minister of the Interior
replied that the Government had delib
erated upon the matter and had even
taken certain decisive steps which
would soon be known.
Count Guandolon said the American
SPAIN TO SEND MORE
SHIPS OVER TO CUBA.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
GIBRALTAR, May 23.— 1 have received Information which I deem
absolutely reliable. It is the present purpose of the Government to
send the Carlos V and two destroyers to Cuba, provided that Admiral
Cervera can get into Havana, which is his purpose. The Pelayo and
Alfonso XIII, one destroyer and the Giralda will remain at Cadiz for
the present, and the Government will dispose of them as events indi
cate. The troop ship Patricio Satrustegui, with a thousand soldiers on
board, left Barcelona on April 24 for the Philippines, but was ordered
back from Aden, and is now at Suez. There are 40,000 tons of coal at
Cadiz and 30,000 tons more are expected this week. One firm has con
tracted for 150,000 tons for Cadiz.
ARMED MEN
HOLD A MINE
Danger of a Conflict
Near Bolinas.
OUTCOME OF A LAWSUIT.
GOLDEN CROWN PROPERTY IN
DISPUTE.
Machinery and Supplies Seized by
a Constable, Only to be Re
covered by a Force
of Miners.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, May 23.— News
reached here from Bolinas to-day that
a force of armed men has taken forci
ble possession of the property of the
Golden Crown Mining Company, a cor
poration engaged in copper mining two
miles from Bolinas Point. The action,
which has thrown the town into a fu
ror and may yet cause the shedding of
blood, was the outgrowth of a disagree
ment between the officials of the mining
company and Puma Brothers over a
bill for wood cutting.
The trouble dates back to last Janu
ary. Puma Brothers had been engaged
to cut several hundred cords of wood
and the mining company. which in
cludes such prominent men as J. W.
Pierson, the mining operator; J. C. Wi
nans of the Alameda Street Car Com
pany, and Whitelaw, the wrecker,
claimed that the work had not been
performed according to contract. E. B.
MartlnelU, now District Attorney, en
tered suit for Puma Brothers. City At
torney Thomas Boyd was engaged by
the company and succeeded in winning
the case for his clients.
A short time ago Attorney James W.
Cochrane was engaged by Puma Broth
ers to renew the suit. He did so and
last Sunday Constable McCoy of Bo
linas. with a force of deputies, made
a descent upon the mine and carried
off everything portable, including toe
hoisting engine, all the groceries, the
blacksmithing tools, wagons and horses
and anything hands could be laid on.
All these ware stored in a large barn
tome distance away. On last Monday,
the day following this bold sortie, the
mine people lean.cd of what had been
done. Almut a dozen of their employes
ere armed and then the party, led by
young Pierson, proceeded to the barn j
where the goods were stored. The man
in charge was overawed and soon I
everything was on its way back to the
mine, the train comprising a half-dozen j
wagons and the hoisting engine, with
a guard of six men in the lead and as
many in the rear. Everything was put
back in its pla<- ■*-.
The Puma Brothers have sworn out i
warrants for the arrest of young Pier
son and every man who helped in re
covering the goods. In the meantime
an armed company stands guard at the j
mine and the constables are baffled. |
The people of the town have taken j
Bides and several fights between sym- i
-othizers of the rival factions have oc- >
arts of piracy were admitted by certain
s as international law.
Senor Pacheco remarked that It was
doubtful whether such an act was le
it," he added, "in face of Amer
ica's conduct in the war with Spain,
we must not show consideration for
tinuing, the speaker protested
aprainst Spain's adherence to the Gen
eva convention, whereupon the Minis
f>f the Interior replied that Spain
not yet entered the convention.
ior Condre, professor of interna
sl law at the Madrid University,
nly denounced what he was
:ed to term the "base proceedings
c I'nltPd States." declaring that if
hinpton authorized such acts % 'it
. .lot deserve the name of a civilized
government."
The professor then proceeded to un
fold a lengthy indictment of the alleged
war methods of the Americans, insist
ing that they have shown "no respect
for the rights of peoples in the capture
of merchantmen and bombardments,"
reiterating that the acts of the United
States are not those of a civilized coun
try.
curred. The mining people declare that
because the engine* was taken away the
mine was flooded and great damage
done. Accordingly they will sue Puma
Brothers and Constable McCoy.
CALL FOR THE SANTA
BARBARA RESERVES
Commander of the Naval Battalion
Asked to Supply an Emer
gency Muster.
SANTA BARBARA, May 23.— After
many weeks of waiting, with small
prospects of seeing active service, the
naval reserves of Santa Barbara have
received word that their services may
be needed by the Government. Lieu
tenant Hunt, commanding the Naval
Battalion, has received from Cap
tain Turner of the United States
steamship Marion at San Francisco a
request for an emergency muster,
-which means the taking of the names
of those willing to volunteer for ser
vice. Up to 8 o'clock to-night out of
the 104 men composing the battalion
eighty had agreed to enter the service.
The officers believe they will leave here
with ninety men. The number may be
reduced by the failure of some to pass
a physical examination.
The Santa Barbara's naval organiza
tion is composed of the most prominent
men of the city. Lieutenant D. F.
Hunt, commanding, is a member of tho
City Council and has been prominent in
local politics for years. Charles Hunt,
senior ensign, was for many years Dep
uty County Clerk, and is thought to
be the coming candidate on the Repub
lican ticket this fall for County Clerk.
J. W. Taggart and Henley Booth, law
yers of this place, and prospective can
didates for prosecuting attorney this
fall, are members. The departure of
the Naval Reserves will cause the
flashing of many political slates. Santa
Barbara takes great pride In her crack j
organization and expects to see it carry j
Old Olory to honorable distinction in i
this war.
ANGLO-AMERICAN
TREATY NOT FORMED.
And It Is Not Likely That Any Such
Arrangement Will Be
Agreed To.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— 1t is learn
!ed from thoroughly reliable sources
' here that an Anglo-American alliance
; has not been consummated and is not
■ likely to be.
NEW YOIIK, May 23.— The World
: has a cablegram from Kingston, Ja
; maica, which asserts that an Anglo
! American treaty for defensive purposes I
has already been signed, and tnat a
i universal war is imminent. The news
j is generally discredited, as it is con
■ sidered highly improbable that the
i news of such an important treaty
! would come from Jamaica.
LONDON, May 24.— The Daily
I Chronicle commenting on a dispatch
! from its correspondent at Kingston,
■ Jamaica, who says that England has
I thrown eighteen months' supplies into
! Jamaica, where all the officers have
i had thoir leave withdrawn, asks if
England is gome to take a hand in
| the Hispano-American war, and
' couples Its correspondent's report with
! the rumor current in Liverpool yester
i day that France is trying to buy the
j Canaries for $30,000,000.
Cubans Fight Bravely.
NEW YORK, May 23.— A dispatch
from Key West says: The Cubans are
fighting tfeeir way to the coast, Avhere
they will Join the invading army. They
had a hot fight near Matanzas on
Thursday and Friday with Spanish
cavalry, reinforced by infantry. The
Spaniards retreated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1898.
AMERICAN WARSHIPS
ARRIVE AT PARA
LONDON, May 23.— Lloyd's agent at Para, Brazil, under to-day's
date, cables that three American m?n-of-war arrived there at 3 o'clock this
morning from Rio de Janeiro. The only American warships known to be
on their way trom Rio de Janeiro are the Oregon, the Marietta and the
Nictheroy. the Oregon was last reported officially by the Lloyds at Bahia,
Brazil, on May 9. and she is believed to have proceeded at midnight the
same date. The distance from Bahia to Para Is about 1600 miles, roughly
speaking, and if Lloyds' report is correct the Oregon and her consorts have
been steaming very slowly. Other reports have placed the Oregon at
Barbadoes and even nearer still to the United States.
GOOD WORK OF
THE RED CROSS
Surgeons and Nurses on
the Way to Cuba.
STATE OF TEXAS AT TAMPA.
CLARA BURTON SPEAKS OF
HER MISSION.
Twenty - One Transports in Port
Ready to Convey the Army of
Invasion to the Island.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TAMPA, Fla., May 23.— The Red
Cross Society ship State of Texas, with
Miss Clara Barton, representative of
the National Red Cross Society of
America, and a corps of surgeons and
trained nurses, arrived at Port Tampa
to-day and cast anchor near the gun
boat Helena. The vessel, which Is
fully fitted up for hospital purposes and
carries supplies enough for the equip
ment of several Red Cross stations,
will, it is said, follow the fleet of troops
Into Cuban waters.
In speaking of the Red Cross work
In Cuba, Miss Barton said to-day that
she had received assurances from the
highest Spanish official sources that her
hospital at Serro and her headquarters
were being carefully guarded, and that
the Red Cross supplies left there were
being put to their Intended use. In
the hospital at Serro, where sixty chil
dren were being cared for when Miss
Barton left the island, there are now
a hundred and sixty children receiving
medical attention.
"General Blanco himself belongs to
the Red Cross Society of Spain," said
Miss Barton, "and I am confident that
the Red Cross work In Cuba will not
be interfered with."
Miss Barton left for Washington to
night.
J. Castellanos, a young man who ar
rived from Key West about three weeks
ago and who registered at the Pal
metto Hotel as from New York, was ar
rested to-day by order* of General Shaf
ter as a suspicious spy. Castellanos has
been watched for two weeks. He was
plentifully supplied with money. Cas
tellanos .wrote as many as 100 letters a
day, and this, together with the discov
ery that he was traveling under an as
sumed name, resulted in his arrest to
day. The case will be thoroughly in
vestigated.
Elaborate arrangements have been
made for the banquet to be held at the
Tampa Bay Hotel to-morrow in honor
of Queen Victoria's birthday. Covers
for about 250 guests will be laid.
Everything now waits on news from
the fleets. On the arrival to-day of
the Iroquois, Santiago and Cherokee,
twenty-one transports are now at tho
p«rt, every one fitted ready for embark
ation. These ships will easily accom
modate between 15,000 and 1(5,000 men,
somewhat over the total number or
regular troops in camp here. It is
thought thirty-six hours after orders
are received to embark every man,
horse and pound of supplies can be
placed on board the vessels in waiting.
OBJECT TO THE SLOGAN
"REMEMBER THE MAINE."
BOSTON May 23.— At the opening of
the State Unitarian Association's anni
versary week a resolution addressed to
Secretary of the Navy John D. Long
was adopted, declaring that "As the os
tensible and only justifiable move for
entering upon the war with Spain was
the deliverance of a neighboring people
and ourselves from relations to them
that had become Intolerable, we wish
to express our -abhorrence of the spirit
of vengeance manifested in such a war
cry as 'Remember the Maine,' and beg
you to refuse to purchase goods of any
kind carrying this motto and in all
ways to discourage and discountenance
the use of this motto or any other cal
culated to foster the spirit of savagery
against which we are contending."
The resolution was signed by a ma
jority of those present. The same pe
tition was framed and accepted at a
meeting of the Women's Educational
and Industrial Union. Both petitions
have been forwarded to Secretary
Long.
CANNONADING
OFF THE EASTERN
COAST OF CUBA
Belief at Port-au-Prince That a
Battle Has Been Fought
in the Windward
Passage.
Copyrighted. IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
PORT-AU-PRINCE, May 23.— 1 ha*ve just received information
from a reliable source in Port de Paix of fierce cannonading in Wind
ward Passage, off the coast of Cuba. This cannonading was first
heard last Thursday. It was reported on Thursday, and also on Satur
day. What resulted from the terrific firing I was unable to learn.
Further information of these reports was taken to Mole St. Nich
olae by two vessels which reached there to-day.
Fishermen who reached here to-day from the western coast of
Hayti report that they sighted three vessels in Windward Passage
yesterday. The vessels were going southward at full speed, but the
fishermen were not near enough to make out their names or national
ity.
NO HOPE FOR
ANNEXATION
Certain to Be Defeated
in the Senate.
TOO LATE FOR ACTION.
CANNOT BE BROUGHT TO A
VOTE.
Opponents of the Treaty Will Not
Agree to a Revival of the
Question in Any
Form.
Special Disratch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 23.
The question of the annexation of the
Hawaiian Islands has been revived in
the Senate to a certain extent since the
Hawaiian resolutions were reported in
the House, and the friends of annexa
tion have been quoted as expressing a
determination to press the House reso
lution in the Senate during the present
session in case it should pass the House
for fear that the short session would
not afford time to secure its thorough
consideration. The opponents of an
nexation declare they will not agree to
the revival of the question in any way
in the Senate before the adjournment of
this session, and some of the Demo
cratic opponents do not hesitate to say
that rather than have the Hawaiian
question reconsidered they will debate
the war revenue bill indefinitely. I
Senator White, who has been one of
the most persistent opponents of an
nexation, to-day gave the following j
outline of his position on the question:
"Before the present Congress as
sembled it was stated that the treaty
would be pressed immediately on the
opening of the session. This was not
done. On the contrary the matter was
not called up until we were well into
January. The debate was quite active
for a while; then the subject was
dropped because the friends of the
treaty were short of votes and It has
not since been revived in the Senate. If
any attempt is made, vow xhat the tini"
for adjournment ought to be near, to
reagitate annexation under the resolu
tion theory, the result cannot be favor
able to an early disposition of the Im
portant legislation pending in Congress,
but will keep Congress in session all
summer.
"The power to admit territory or de
pendencies by resolution is doubtful.
Texas came in by resolution, but was
admitted as a State under a provision
of the constitution expressly giving
Congress the right to admit new States.
This and many more equally cogent ar
guments will be elaborated whenever
this interesting matter phall be publicly
debated.
•'The sensible thing to do is to sus
pend further proceedings on the sub
ject of annexation until the war with
Spain is over and we face the new prob
lems resulting from our success at
arms."
SPANISH CRUISER FIRES
ON A BRITISH VESSEL
Alleged Mistake That May Involve
Madrid in Complications With
England.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. 1., May 23.— The
Spanish cruiser Isabel II while at San
Juan fired on the British steamer
Roth, which arrived at Porto Ilico af
ter the bombardment. It is alleged the
Spanish ship fired on the steamer,
which was loaded with coal, with th«»
intention of crippling her and thereby
preventing her departure. The officers
of the Isabel 11, however, claim the fir
ing was thff result of an accident.
CHICAGO, May 23.— A special from
Washington says: The firing upon the
English ship Roth by the Spanish
crulsor Isabel II promises serious com
plications. The Spanish say It was a
mistake, but the British and Ameri
cans think not.
Captain Deschamps Decorated.
MADRID, May 23.— The grand cor
don of military credit has been con
ferred upon Captain Pf-schamps of the
Spanish steamer Montsorrat, which re
cently arrived at Comma from Cien
fuegos. The Queen Regent personally
presented the captain with the in
signia.
ALL MARCH
JUST LIKE
VETERANS
Review of the Volunteers
in General Wilson's
Division.
From AH Sections of the Union
Troops Are Sent South to
Join the Cuban Invaders.
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL PARK,
Ga., May 23.— Major General James F.
Ward, recently In command of the
Fifth corps at Tampa, reported here to
day to General Brooke, having been as
signed by the War Department to the i
command of the Third Corps now being
formed here.
The first division of the first army
corps was reviewed to-day by Its com
mander, Major General James H. Wil- ;
son. Although no particular demon- ;
stration was made yet it was a spec
tacular scene. It began early In the
cool of the day, before 9 o'clock. The
three brigades of the first division, nine
regiments, practically 9000 men, formed
a line of battle, the right resting north
of the historic Kelly field. Thence It :
ran a mile, perhaps, along the ridge, a
portion of the command forming in the
rear, a second line as if for a resell
In assault.
After the usual formal inspection o
the line, which took some tima, th
division formed and moved in colum
of fours, changing direction twice, unt
on a line parallel with General Wilson,
who sat on a magnificent horse in fron
of a group of brilliant staff officer
The lines were formed with remarkabl
rapidity and precision. Then a colum
of companies, that is. each compan
marching in line, one behind anothe
the division. advanced in splendid form
It was a grand sight to witness and a
the veterans in the camp enjoyed th
unusual spectacle. The marching was.
as a rule, in excellent time, the align
ments accurate and the distances well
maintained. General Wilson expressea
himself as delighted and very proud of
the fact that the division when ma
neuvering together for the first time
had acted so much like regulars and
veterans. „ #«„_,
With the morning sun glancing from
polished arms and trappings and the
silken stars and stripes and State flab
waving in the breezes that came from
Missionary Ridge, the sight was
glorious one -and inspired the most en
thusiastic patriotism in both spectator
an T d AM e pA n May 23,-Nearly all of th
transports chartered for the Purp° s
of carrying troops from Tampa haj
arrived here. The Leona, Iroquoi
Santiago and Cherokee were to-da
added to the lists, bringing the tota
number up to twenty-one and wo o
three more are expected late this aft
ernoon or to-night: All the transport
that have recently dropped anchor a
Port Tampa were fitted with bunk
and stalls before leaving for the South
The new camping ground at Palmett
Beach, south of Tampa, is now occu
pied by four regiments of volunteer
It is expected that most of the volun
teer troops will be located there.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— Late to
day orders were issued from Adjutant-
General Corbin'a office directing the
Thirty-ninth Michigan Volunteers to
proceed to Washington instead or
Chickamauga, as at first contemplated.
The First Arkansas Regiment will be
ordered to Chickamauga. - . ■__
The mustering figures received at the
War Department show. that, up to this
time, 107,161 volunteers have taken the
oath' of allegiance to support the UnV
ted States Government. Orders to the
following regiments to move to- the
front were given to-day:
Thirty-third Michigan. Colonel Chas.
L. Boynton commanding, to Chicka-
Second Virginia, Colonel J. C. Bacon
commanding, to Tampa.
Second Kentucky, Colonel E. H.
Caither commanding, to Chickamauga.
Twenty-second Kansas, Colonel Hen
ry E. Lindsay commanding, to- Camp
Alger, Va.
Major General William M. Graham
formally assumed command of Camp
Alger to-day. So far as selected, hi
official staff consists of Major Ladd
Ninth Cavalry, quartermaster: Captain
Little, depot commissary; and Majo
M C Martin, depot quartermaster. Hi
personal staff will be Lieutenant Sum
meral. Fifth Artillery: Lieutenant De
vere. Twenty-third Infantry; and Ma
lor Heistand, formerly President Me
Kinley's military aid. General Graham
has established his headquarters in th
Graham House, about a mile from th
ramp proper. The headquarters are on
n knoll overlooking the camp, and ar
beautifully located.
General Graham made a thorough In
spectlon of the camp to-day, paying
particularly close attention to the san
itary arrangement*. Surgeon Genera
Girard reported during the day am
continued the inspection. He is of th
opinion that the water supply will b
ample for all purposes. While there i
considerable sickness among the mem
bers of the Sixth Illinois, the general
health of the camp is excellent.
To-day seventeen members of the
Sixth Illinois were confined to the
hospital. The illness in this regiment
is due to the exposure of the men
while en route to the camp. A hospital
corps arrived from Fort McHenry.
Baltimore, to-day and will instruct the
volunteers how to take care of the
To-night 8500. men are in the camp
and the total will be swelled to-morrow
to about 12,000. It is expected that the
regiments now in camp will be organ
ized to-morrow into brigades.
To-morrow morning the First Cav
alry organizations will arrive at the
camp. Troop A of New York City,
under command of Captain Bagley,
and Troop C of Brooklyn, under Com
mand of Captain Clayton, reached this
city to-night and remained aboard the
pars until morning. They will pitch
their camp near the headquarters of
r?eneral Graham and will constitute his
personal guard.
The One Hundred and Fifty-ninth
Indiana, 1026 strong, under command of
Colonel J. W. Barnett. also arrived to
night, but too late to go into camp.
They spent the night on their special
trains.
VANTfii'VER BARRACKS, Wash..
May 23. — Orders were issued to-day by
-onimand of Majnr-General Merriam.
Greeting the Second Battalion of the
Pirst Regiment Washington Volunteers
ander command of Colonel J. H. Whol
ly, now stationed at Tacoma, to pro
ceed without delay to Vancouver Bar
racks and take station. The battal
ion, consisting of four companies, 416
men and officers, is expected to arrive
here Wednesday or Thursday. Lieu
tenant-Colonel James N. Allison re
ceived orders to-day relieving him from
duty as chief commissary of the De
partment of the Columbia and direct-
Ing him to proceed to Falls Church.
Va., and report to Major-General Gra
ham, Second Army Corps, as chief
commissary officer on his staff.
EL PASO, Texas, May 23.— Sixteen
raw recruits passed here to-day on a
special coach attached to the passenger
train. They were enlisted at Hous
ton, Texas, In Company X, Third In
fantry. This is the first westward
movement of troops via this point since
the massing at San Francisco of
Dewey's reinforcements commenced.
Several regiments are expected to pass
here to-morrow.
NEW YORK, May 23.— New York's
contingent of cavalry, composed of
Troops A and C, started South early to
day. The troopers go to Washington
and thence to Falls Church, Va. They
expect to go through later to Chicka
mauga, and there expect to Join squads
from other States and form a regiment.
Captain Badgley is the senior officer of
the command.
GALVESTON, May 23.— Major Day,
in command of the defenses of Galve.«
ton, who recently inspected the steam
lighters Bessie and Laura, the property
of the Galveston Lighter Company, and
recommended them as in proper condi
tion for Government service, has re
ceived orders to charter them. Major
Day will put them in commission as
soon as possible. The opinion is prev
alent here that the lighters will be used
for transporting the horses of therouprh
riders who are expected to embark here
for Cuba.
NORFOLK, Va., May 23.— The news
that the Sixth Artillery has been or
dered to Chickamauga caused the
greatest surprise among the officers
and men of the five batteries of the reg
iment now located at Old Point. They
had not expected to be sent South.
These officers express the opinion that
the order means the formation of a
brigade of siege artillery which will be
used in the operations on Cuban soil.
The men are not averse to forming part
of the army of Invasion. Many of them
express pleasure at a prospect of seeing
active service.
SALT LAKE. May 23.— Lieutenant
Dashiell, at Fort Douglas, has been au
thorized from Washington to enlist 200
men for the Fourteenth Infantry, now
about to start out for Manila. The Fort
Douglas authorities have also received
word to muster in immediately fifty
men for the Fourth Cavalry. I T . S. A.,
now stationed at the Presidio, San
Francisco.
FARGO, N. D., May 23.— The official
order for thf removal of the North Da
kota volunteers from Camp Briggs,
herp. to San Francisco on their way to
the Philippines, has been received, and
the men will start Wednesday morn
ing. One battalion will go over the
Northern Pacific and the other over the
Great Northern. They will join each
other at Portland, Or., and go to San
Francisco over the Shasta route. The
two cavalry troops have also received
orders to leave Wednesday for Chicka
mauga to join the rest of Colonel Grigs
by's regiment. The men from here are
all rough riders and will be a valuable
addition to the regiment. They are ex
ceptionally well officered.
CAPTURE OF A
SPANISH BARK.
An American Cruiser Overhauls and
Takes a Rich Prize Near San
Juan.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. 1., May 23.— The
British steamer Allenborough, Captain
Farrant, which arrived at Porto Rico
on May 8 from Mothil, Scotland,
reached this port from San Juan de
Porto Rico yesterday morning. She re
ports that an American cruiser cnp
tured a Spanish bark six miles north of
San Juan on Saturday morning last.
The capture of the vessel was observed
from San Juan. The prize was towed
north. Freeman Halstead. the news-
paper correspondent, who has been
sentenced to one year's imprisonment
for taking photographs of the fortifica
tions of San Juan de Porto Rico, has
b^en conveyed to a convict camp to un
dergo his sentence.
ANOTHER CABINET
CRISIS PREDICTED.
And the New Minister of Finance
Will Begin by Resigning
Very Soon.
LONDON, May 24.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says: It
is safe to predict another Cabinet crisis,
Senor Puigcerver, Minister of Finance,
who. In the Cortes, has absolutely de
clined to adopt an income tax, being
expected to resign soon. *
Bills of Fare In Fashionable Res
taurants.
The question has been mooted over and over
npaln whether the engrafting of French and
German dishes upon the bills of fare of the bet
ter class of American restaurants Is or is not
an Improvement. Many pretend that before
their Introduction our cocking was coarse, bar
baric. This is an open question, but no bill of
fare presents attrnctioia to the dyspeptic, but
they, like the bilious, malarious and persons
with weak kidneys, can be cured by Kostetter's
Stomach Hitters.
: AMUSEMENTS. ,
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN -NIGHTS.
Open Daily.from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 5c
;" Bathing. with admission;- 250: children." 20c. ■ .'
HI VMDI4 I Corner of M»»on mi
■ s. Sh }/ Yl " 1 . i V;h ' ; : Eddy Streeti. /
i More soul-inspiring war scenes, new life pic-
tures by the Biography the greatest of perfecto-
ecopes, United I States | and : Spanish troops, bat-
tleships. ; torpedo •■. boats -. and x thrilling ; Havana
scenes, : and : a strong olio ' of ; ten : Great . Special- 1 !
ties. Matinee every Sunday. Admission free.
DELUSIVE CHEAPNESS.
A Poor Article of Any Sort Is Dear In
the Long Run.
Tallow dips are cheaper than electric
lights; but they ruin the vision and
what riches will replace a lost pair of
eyes? Flintlock muskets are cheaper
than magazine rifles, but are not placed
in the hands of our soldiers.
Beware of the storekeeper who op
poses your wish for a certain article
and sings the praises of something
cheaper. He is looking out for him
self, and if the lower-priced goods did
not put more money into his pocket
than the higher priced, he would not
be so anxious to sell them.
Many a druggist or grocer when
asked for a bottle of Duffy's Malt
Whiskey, will produce an imitation or
a substitute and tell yon that it is every
bit as good as Duffy's. He wilfully
misleads you; because he hopes to put
a few cents into his own pocket. Duffy's
Pure Malt Whiskey is sold at the low
est price consistent with the highest
standard of excellence. An imposing
array of disinterested testimony is evi
dence of Its value.
Who vouches for the swarm of Imi
tators? Who knows what has been
put Into the "cheap" substitutes that
certain greedy retailers would pour
down the throat? of the credulous?
Do not be imposed upon and do not
i triflo with your health. Get the gen-
I vine Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey.
AMUSEMENTS. _
BALDWIN THEATER.
TO-NIGHT
Also Wednesday. Friday and Saturday
 Night and Saturday Matinee.
4' ' * • ■ " ' ■
Great Yk% A V l^i
Violinist, A MXI 2. JL&
Accompanied by th World's Greatest Cellist,
GERARDY.
And the Distinguished Pianist, • ■
LACHAUME.
. Prices $2, $1 50, $1 and 50c.
Thursday Evening— Only Time. '
MRS. MARY ELIZABETH LEASE,
The Famous Exponent of Woman's Right*.,
• In Lecture, "SIGNS OF OUR TIMES." : .
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
A GREAT HIT!
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC STAR
SPECIALTY CO.,
Headed by Frank Gardner and His Wonderful
>- Trained Riding Baboon, JESSIE.
LITTLE LULU, the Marvelous Trapeze Artist.
OTHER BIG ACTS— IO
Popular Prices, 13c, 25c and 50c.
Special Holiday Matinee Next Monday.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Special Extra Week of the Engagement,
ROBERT B. MANTELL,
And a Select Company. Management of M. W.
Hanley.
To-night— "A SECRET WARRANT."
Wednesday and Thursday— "MONßAßS.
Remainder of Week-"THE FACE IN THE
MOONLIGHT."
EXTRA!
Beginning NEXT MONDAY, MAY ».
Mr. John H. Martin Presents
MR. CLAY CLEMENT
THE NEW DOMINION
An Excellent Company in Support.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Soli? Lessee ana MiDi;;..
XIX, THIS WEEK,
Under Special Star Engagement,
Under Special Stnr Kngasem'-nt,
The Brilliant Singing Soubrette,
JESSIE NORTON,
-AXD—
WM. J. ELLEFORD,
The Eminent Manager and Comedian, in Their
Excruciatingly Funny Success,
"MRS. PARTINGTON AND
HER SON IKE."
The Most Laughable Comedy Ever Written.
New Faces in the Cast. A Host of New Spec-
ialties.
Not a Dull Moment In the Performance...;,
Evening Prices... Me, Be, 500
' MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY '
w
Great New Company of Vaudeville Artist*. :
; EZRA KENDALL. Original Monologuist. g
CARROLL JOHNSON. Famous Minstrel.
AL LEACH AND THE THREE ROSEBUDS.
COLBY & WAY. Ventriloquist and Dancing
Doll- HARRY ALLISTER, Impersonator; SA-
VANS. Acrobatic Comedians: MANHATTAN
COMEDY. FOUR, New Repertoire; JEROME &
BELL Up-tQrDate Comedy: Positively Last
p.lt of KERNER'S VISIONS OF ART. New
1 Subjects. « Reserved seats, 2."c;, balcony, : 10c;
; opera chairs and box seats, SOc -- . r - -»
TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE;
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager
;o THIS EVENING.
The Musical. Travesty in Three Acts.
"THE POSTER"
; :.: "IT . MOVES— IT BREATHES."
KIVZXAT- SCENERY. COSTUMES,.
HLtV BALLETS. EFFECTS.
Libretto by J. P. WILSON and .L. G. CAR-
... .--•■;: PENTER. ■
Music by. CHESTER S. PACKARD.
Popular "Prices../..'.'...^..'.. ........ 25c and 600
, - .■■ . No Telephone. V
ALCAZAR. S
A PRONOUNCED SUCCESS.:
,Of : the - Eminent * Actor, .
LEWIS MORRISON,
AND THE ALCAZAR COMPANY IN
;," YORIC K'S : LOVE IV,
' ' Prices 15c, 25c, : 35c, 50c.
'■''■ Next Week. Matinee Decoration Day— '.'THE
MASTER OF CEREMONIES."
THE KNEISEL QUARTETTE
T WILL GIVE
TWO ADDITIONAL CONCERTS,
Thursday Afternoon, May i 26, and
-v •/••; - - . - ■' Friday . Evening, May 37,
SHERMAN, CLfl V HfILL,
Solos by FRANZ KNEISEL and ALWIN
-.- r ■ : SCROEDER.
. . Prices $2 and $1 60. :
Seats now on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'b,
Sutter and Kearny streets. • . /:
THE "UPSIDE=DOWN MAN"
■ Appears Every Afternoon and Evening
AT THE CHUTES.
A Great Vaudeville Performance in the
■■-.-■■ FREE THEATER. <
BURIAL of the MAINE SAILORS by-tha
ANIMATOSCOPB. "VISIONS OF
;-,:"-.; ART,'.', etc. -
WONDERFUL ANIMALS IN : THE ZOO. '
10c to All, Including Zoo. etc.; Children. sc.
FAREWELL EXCURSIONS; TO-DAY !
AROUND THE CITY OF PEKING. i *
• i The ■ well known steamer ; Sunol < will . make .
hourly V trips from Washington-street :' wharf ;
TO- DAY, : from ■ 10 a. -m. to 2• p. m., - lnclusi.-<». v
around - the City ■of Peking: ? and U. S. steamer ;
Monterey, -I affording ■-• sweethearts.;; wives ■% and ;
friends the opportunity, of waving a last hearty
farewell vto = our ! volunteers tin • defense :of >» the '"
flag. !* ? Fare \25 . cents. V; Tickets ' at i the ' steamer, -
PIPER-ADEN-GOODALL, C 0 ...
78
WARSHIPS
SEVERELY
SHAKEN
Four American Vessels
Shocked by an Un
known Force.
While Far Out at Sea They Are
Jarred From Stem to Stern
in a Peculiar Manner.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, May 23.— Four Ameri
can ships, lying In a bunch, twenty-five
miles from land, yesterday afternoon
between 2 and 3 o'clock were shaken
from stern to stem by a mighty explo
sion, so mysterious that an earthquake
is the only explanation.
Of course, the sailors were thrown
from their feet, and every man on
every ship thought an explosion had
taken place directly under him. I am
not at liberty to mention the names of
the ships nor the location in which they
were when the phenomenon occurred.
News of it was brought by one of the
ships which arrived at Key West this
noon to take o-* coal.
The sea at the time of the mysterious
occurrence was as calm as a tropical
sky overhead. One of the ships that
felt it was steaming- in one direction
and sighted the three others. They ap
proached, and as they came within
speaking: distance all the engines were
stopped and an exchange of greeting
was begun. Suddenly came a report
that shook the heavens and knocked
fiat every man on deck. As soon as the
officers and men had regained their feet
those on the ships quickly gave their
attention to the other ships of the
fleet, expecting that their eyes would
witness a terrible calamity.
From one ship came a shout: "Was
that explosion aboard you?"
At nearly the same instant every
commanding officer, assured his own
ship was intact, made this same in
quiry of his neighbors. Men were sent
below on each ship as soon as matters
became slightly composed, to make an
examination of the magazines and
bottoms. Not a thing on any ship was
FALL HEIR TO
ARIZONA LAND
Fortunes for Two San
Franciscans.
RICHES FROM THE DEAD.
MICHAEL WORMSER ESTATE TO
BE DIVIDED.
Eight Persons to Share Property in
Phoenix and Vicinity, Val
ued at a Half -Million
Dollars.
Sp<vlal Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, May 23.— Five members of
the Jacob family in San Francisco and
Tacoma have been notiiied that they
and three other; heirs living in the East
will have divided among them an es
tate valued at $500,000, left by Michael
Wormser at Phoenix, Ariz. The Pa
cific Coast heirs are Michael Jacob,
traveling agent for Carroll & Carroll,
■wholesale liquor dealers, and Sarah
Jacob, both of San Francisco; Joseph
and Meyer Jacob and Miss Florestine
Jacob of Tacoma. Charles Goldman of
Phoenix has been the administrator of
the Wormser estate, and Joseph Jacob
will leave this week for Phoenix to as
sist him in managing it.
Wormser died intestate, and under
the laws of Arizona the proceeds of his
estate will be shared equally by the
eight heirs. Wormser had never mar
ried and was 89 years old when he died
three weeks ago. He had remarkable
success, becoming one of the richest
men of Arizona through the cultivation
of an immense irrigated farm.
Going to Phoenix in 1875 he gradualjy
increased his holdings until he owned
9000 acres lying south of Salt River. He
tapped this river with an irrigation
canal twelve miles long, known locally
as San Francisco ditch, which watered
his ranch. He raised wheat, sugarcane
and fruit, but laid the basis of his for
tune by selling wheat at 5 cents a
pound in early days, before Arizona
was traversed by railroads. He em
ployed between 300 and 400 men. Re
cently hiR ranch was bonded to Eastern
men for $360 000. If the purchase is con
sumat^d this sum will be distributed
among the heirs at once. He owned a
large interest in the Tempe canal, i ne
ot the largest irrigation projects-, in Ari
zona, and several .years ago brougnt
about its enlargement from thirteen to
fifteen feet in width. He owned prop
erty at Phoenix and Prescott.
Meyer and Joseph Jacob, now en
gaged in the shoe business here, for
merely resided in San Francisco.
NO CLEARANCE
PAPERS FOR MANILA.
WASHINGTON, May 2.?.— Secretary
Gage to-day issued an order to cus
toms officers notifying them that the
port of Manila, Philippine Islands, is
blockaded by the United States fleet
under Admiral Dewey and therefore
clearance will not be granted to mer
chant vessels for that port. The in-
Btructions also warn owners and mas
ters of vessels that in undertaking voy
ages to Spanish por's not now block
aded they run risk of Interruption by
future blockades and military opera
tions.
Hardtmttth'B "Kob-I-Noor" lead pen
dl will outlast three others. Try it. •
out of place, and not as much as a
cartridge on one of them had been ex
ploded.
The first thought among the officers
was that the magazine had exploded,
and especial attention was directed
toward one of the vessels, which was
known to have a large quantity of
dynamite on board. When it became
certain no such accident had hap
pened, thoughts turned to a Spanish
mine. But the distance from land waa
so great as to preclude the possibility
of any such agent, while there was not
a craft of any description in sight ex
cept those in the group of American
vessels.
The surface of the water had not
been disturbed in the slightest degree
by the occurrence. The water was as
calm a second after the denned report
as it was before. I saw the captain of
a ship that returned to Key West, and
he said the explosion, or whatever it
was, was something that no theory
could account for. It might have been
an earthquake, he said, although an
earthquake would naturally disturb
the surface of the water to a consid
erable degree. It would have thrown
a column of water into the air. All
the captain could say was that not
a particle of damage was done to any
ship and that nobody could say what
had happened.
The most peculiar feature of the oc
currence was that every man thought
the explosion had been just beneath
where he was standing at the time. On
one ship two jackies, one of whom was
lying on an engine hatchway and the
other standing on the forecastle, had
a dispute about it, each declaring the
explosion had been directly under him.
Then, on the other vessels, shouting
back and forth comments of the mys
terious event, all declared the force
came from directly below them. The
sound was a single deafening detona
tion, and not a rumble.
WILL CONTROL
THE REVENUES
Scheme of Tariffs for
the Philippines.
TO COLLECT CUSTOM DUTIES.
PRESIDENT HAS AUTHORITY TO
SO DECREE.
Precedents in the Mexican War
Which Give Naval and Mili
tary Authorities Power
to Act.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, May 23.
In anticipation of the early occupa
tion of the Philippine Islands by the
military and naval forces of the United
States, the Treasury Department has
already begun the formulation of regu
lations and a scheme of customs tariffs
which will be collected by the military
authorities and turned into the treas
ury of the United States as a "military
contribution." That the President has
authority to collect the Philippine rev
enues under existing circumstances is
not a matter of doubt. It was several
times done during the last war with
Mexico, and the authority of the Gov
ernment in the premises was sustained
by decisions of the United States Su
preme Court.
The court, in a case which grew out
of the capture and occupation of San
Francisco and all the upper part of the
State of California by the United
States troops, held that the President,
under the constitution, as commander
in-chief of the army and navy, had a
right lo exercise the belligerent right of
a conqueror and to impose duties on
imports as a military contribution for
the support of the army. This was
the view held by the court in another
case, where it was aiso decided the
capture of Tampieo, Mexico, by the
United States forces, though sufficient
to cause it to be regarded by other na
tions as part of our territory, did not
make it in fact a part of the TJnited
States under our constitution and laws.
"It remained," said the court, "a for
eign country within the revenue laws
of the United States."
The tariff rates now being prepared
by the Treasury Department will ciose
ly follow the Spanish customs laws in
force in the Philippines. Just what
revenues they produce Is not known,
but the assumption is that inasmuch
as the home Government realized from
them last year approximately nine mil
lion doilars, the actual amount collected
was $18,000,000. The Government will
assume control of the revenues as soon
as the principal seaports are in our
possession, and will continue to control
them, at least until Congress takes spe
cific action in the case or until peacs
has been declared by the two coun
tries.
Ordered to Watch Coal Ships.
VANCOUVER, B. C., May 23.— The
local shipping registrar has received a
notice from Ottawa, pointing out that
an attempt may be made by agents of
Spain or the United States to purchase
Canadian coal-laden ships and send
them to sea for war purposes. The of
ficers must, therefore, report any such
suspicious movements and changes in
the registered ownership of any vessels.
This is following the English practio*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TTTESPAT, MAT 24, 1898.
RESTS WITH
THE COUNCIL
Cheaper Water for Los
Angeles.
STAND OF THE COMPANY.
wujLinq to sell to the
CITY.
If a Price Cannot Be Agreed TJpon
the Monopoly is Beady to
Resort to Arbi
tration.
Special Dispatch to The Catl.
LOS ANGELES, May 23.— At last the
Los Angeles City Water Company has
made a fair and open statement to the
City Council as to what It will do in the
matter of releasing its improvements to
the city's water distributing plant pre
paratory to municipal operation. The
communication is a lengthy one, and
contains many points which have never
before been admitted by the water
company. It is specific in the facts set
forth.
The communication opens with a de
claration of the entire willingness to
sell to the city. Then follows a twelve
page typewritten description of the
water company's franchise, easements,
rights of way and titles to lands, reser
voir sites, etc. The communication
says :
Properties claimed by the Crystal
Springs Land and AVater Company, in
cluding developed water, wo do not claim
are included within the property which
the city is to purchase and pay for under
the contract of July 22, 1868.
The conclusion Is as follows:
We have kept before the Council all
; the time the fact that, without regard to
i what is or is not included in the con
i tract of July 22. 1868, we are ready and
I willing to sell the whole property of all
I the companies to the city, if the city
i intends to carry out its plan of municipal
ownership of the water system; that the
whole property of all of the companies
will be available to the city, no matter
what plans it may have in view. If the
city ultimately acquires lands above the
j Crystal Springs tract and conducts it into
I the headwaters we believe that it is
j known to all that it will not obtain all
the water moving in that section of the
country, which we have designated as
San Fernando Basin. If the estimates
made by engineers on behalf of the city
| In the various trials which we have had,
j should prove correct, the city will not
| obtain at that point a sufficient supply
; of water to meet the demands existing
lat this moment. The developments made
by the Crystal Springs Land and Water
Company and Its conduits and system
i generally, would be needed by the city.
j and could be utilized from the beginning
i and at all times. These properties taken
I all together are, of course, of greater value
I to anybody than the various parts would
be separated from one another, and, wo
think, would be of greater value to the
city, if it finally decides upon municipal
ownership, than it would be to anybody
else.
We would suggest, finally, that we
should make an effort to agree upon a
price to be paid for whatever of this
property the city chooses to take, whether
it be that which is included In the Los
Angeles City "Water Company's contracts
or the whole. If we can agree upon a price
the companies, or either of them, will
agree to accept that price and the city
can proceed to raise the money to make
the purchase.
Attention is called to the fact that
the matter is one involving an expense
that is beyond the annual revenue of
the city. By law, therefore, the city
could not enter Into a binding agree
ment for the pun age of improvements
and properties until a bond election is
held. The company says:
Any scheme which the city has in view
of municipal ownership will require a
vastly greater sum of money than it will
to buy our entire plant at the valuation
that we ourselves would fix upon It and
be willing to take. We think, therefore,
it would be proper for the city to be
looking to the question of taking steps
to provide for payment.
Attention is called to the difficulties
of a legal bond issue in this State.
We say, finally, that we are prepared
to furnish you with all information and
data that are within our reach, and agree
with you on a price when you are ready
to make the payment or meet the award
of arbitrators: that we will, if we cannot
agree on ;< ;>rice. arbitrate the matter
with you in '.he manner provided by the
contract; that if the city desires we will
Bell the whole property of all the com
panies, If we can agree upon a price.
The communication created a sensa
tion. It was entirely unexpected. At
the afternoon session It was referred to
the Council committee on water supply.
MERRITT AND HIS
STAFF ARE COMING.
CHICAGO, May 23.— Major General
Wesley Merritt was in Chicago to-day
on his way to the Philippine Islands-.
He came direct from Washington, and
went to his old quarters at the Audito
rium Hotel. General Merritt refused to
see callers, and left word that any in
formation about his trip must come
from Washington. He left to-night for
San Francisco.
The following officers constitute Gen
eral Merritfs staff: Major H. C. Dale
Captain Mott and Dr. F. H. Harrell
Major Strother, aids; Colonel J. D.'
Babcock, adjutant general; Colonel R
P. Hughes, inspector generaJ; Colonel
J- W. Pope, chief quartermaster; Cap
tain Charles L. Potter, engineer 1 R E
Thompson, signal officer; Colonel L,ip
pincott, chief surgeon: and Colonel
Brainard, chief commissary.
Soldiers in a Collision.
SAVANNAH, Ga., May 23.— Early
this morning a special train on the
Florida Central and Peninsula Rail
way, carrying North Carolina troops,
en route to Florida, collided with a
northbound vegetable train. Private
William Barbee, Company I, of Dur
ham, was killed, and Private J. M. Col
clouijh was fatally injured. The sol
diers were traveling in a sectional
train, and the vegetable train was wait
in? on a siding, and those in charge
thought all the sections had passed
The engineer pushed ahead and was
running at a rapid pace when the col
lision occurred.
RESERVE SQUADRON
FOR THE PHILIPPINES.
Copyrighted, SBM, by James Gorton Bennett.
VALENCIA, May 23.— An order to the reserve squadron to clear for
the Philippines is said to have been definitely issued to-day. The
ships composing it are by royal command, the battle-ship Pelayo, the
armored cruiser Carlos V, protected cruiser Alfonso XIII of 4826 tons
and the auxiliaries Patria, Rapido, Alfonso XII, Buenos Ayres, Antonio
Lopez and Ciudad de Cadiz, with the torpedo-boat destroyers Pro
serpina, Audaz and Osado. The technical difficulty of taking the war
ships on such a long voyage without coaling stations or a base of sup
plies is said to be met by the number of armed transports accompany
ing the fleet.
SAMPSON AND
SCHLEY ARE
AT SANTIAGO
Whether Cervera's Fleet Is Yet
in the Harbor or Not the
Batteries Will Be
Reduced.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— Tr;e Call corre
spondent at a late r;our to-night received
information from a naval officer to the ef
fect thjat both Saropson and Schley had
reached Santiago. Nottyng could be learned
as to wt)etrjer Cervera's fleet was in the
r;arbor. Navy officers are, however, ex
pecting news of a bombardment to-rr)or
row. Tr;e batteries Will be reduced whether
or not Cervera is there.
DIPLOMAS FOR
THE GRADUATES
Senior Class Day at
Stanford.
_— —
CLOSE OF COLLEGE WORK.
SOPHOMORE CANE GIVEN TO
FRESHMEN.
University Talent Presents a Farce
and a Social Hop in Encina
Ends the Pleasures of
the Day.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 23.
—Senior class day exercises were held
In the chapel to-day. The crowd being
too large for all to obtain accommo
dation within, it overflowed onto the
pavement without and the inner quad
beyond. The seniors wore radiant
faces, for the university council had
just finished its' sitting, and the fates
of most had been announced. Some,
on whom uncertainty seemed to prey,
were noticeably overjubilant.
Following is the list of graduates:
BACHELORS OF ARTS.
In Greek— lvan Deach, Peoria. 111.: ko*an L -
Emerson rynthiana, Ind.: Albert Ludwig
Hall. Pasadena; Oliver S. Ptcher, Pasadena;
Helen Knth'ht Smith. Portsmouth. Is. H.
In Latin-Olive Mabel Dirtibar nan Luis
Obispo; Apnes Eva Ferguson, Stockton; ; "•fc.dlta
Louise Hill. Pasadena: Alice Gordon Pleated,
University Park. Colo.; Edith Virginia Porter
Eureka; Katharine Marvin Shepler, Council
Bluffs la. ; Charlotte Sumner Sniythe, Santa
Rosa- "••Rollln Herbert Spencer, Council Bluffs.
la,; Grace Douglas Temple. Loa Gatos; Helen
Webster Williams, Hedlands.
In German— Bf-ssi" Rachel Coffin. Boulder.
Colo " Edith Victoria Ducker. Mayfleld: Lena
Mary Ducker. MHyflPtd: E. Ix>uese Gerichs. San
Jose: Charles Edmund Haas. Los Angeles;
Parnie Olive Hamilton. Westley: Emma KJiza
beth Meyer, Coronadi ; Mary Virginia Patter-
Bon, Plttsburg. Kan.; Charles FredertcK
Schmutzler. Watertown. Wis. ; Mary Howard
Strowbridge, Portland, Or.
In Romanic Languages— Carlena Crowell, San
Francisco: Anna Laurie Derr, Washburn,
Minn ■ Charles Hunt Greenleaf. Chicago. 111. :
Gertrude Alice Martin, Reno, Nev. ; Elinor
Aima Smith, Portland, Or.
In English— Phillip Fanning Abbott, Oak
land; ••Clara Aurllla Avery, Santa Cruz: I^na
Josephine Brown, San Bernardino; Bonnie
May Burckhalter. Truckee; Blanche Beatrice
Byxbee, Palo Alto: Daniel Coolidge. Riverside;
Orpha Josephine Fllnn. Albany, Or.; Lillian
Pearle Green, Knightstown. Ind.; Grace A.
Johnson. Etna Hills: "Gertrude Mackintosh.
Seattle. Wash.: Katherine Kobin*on Norton,
Al&meda; "Rose Payne, San Jose; *M;uy
Peter. Pomona; Llda Putnam. Bpokane, Wash ;
Oda Redman, Watsonville; Charles i^ewia
Story, Dlxon; Roy* Nelson Strohn. Los An
geles: Winifred Hawkins Taylor. Steubenvilli-,
0. • ••Lucy Lowe Traylor, Pasadena; Mary K.
Walter. San Jose; George Henry Burwell
Wright. Rfdlands.
In Bionomics— Mary Grafton Campbell. Palo
Alto! ••Charles J..hn Pyko, Cleveland, O. ;
Frederick Langston willinms. Pnln Alto.
In Education— Newell Harris Bullock, Pleas
ant Grove, Utah; Minnie Coulter, Santa Rosa;
Percy Erwln Davidson. San Diego: Henry Clay
Fabe'r. Palo Alto: "Alexandra Fay, Anaheim;
David William Lindsay, Palo Alto.; Louise
Maitland. Palo Alto; Margaret E. Schallen
berger, Palo Alto.
In History—Marion Adams, Wrights; 'John
Felix Barnett. UkJah; Steuart Walker Cotton,
San Francisco; Maria Dibble. Dakota <'lty,
Neb.; Charles Mnrrnn Ffckert, Bakersfield;
Perl Vincent Gifford, Erie, Pa.; Harlean
James, Denver, Colo. ; William Webb Kemp,
Placervllle: Charles McFerson Mannon, Uklah;
Anne Earle Peck, San Diego; Sarah Coates
Scofleld. San Antonio, Texas; ••Charles Henry
Sciuire. Palo Alto- Edward Clalr Tholts, Palo
Alto; Ralph Hewitt Wardall, Duarte.
In Economics— Frank K. Abe. Mlyagi, Japan;
Wilber Charles McN«tt, Sioux City, Iowa;
Stephan Ivan Millar Jr., Palo Alto; Edward
Lincoln Splnks, Merced; Thomas More Storke,
San Francisco; John Canute Swenson, Pleas
ant Grove, Utah: George Burrows Taylor, , Ed
wardsvtlle, 111.; Paul Elliott Walker, Holton,
Kans.
In Law— Louis Samuel Beedv, Saupnlito;
George Henry Busch Butte, Mont. ; Samuel
Watson Charles. Palo Alto; ••William Albert
Conneau. Modesto; Will Henry Crow. Redwood
City; Charles Gordon Decker, Bakersfield; |
Edward Lf-wis Farmer, Vallejo; Malcolm Mc-
Cullough Hays, Los Angeles; William Oscar |
Johnson, Robinson. Kans.: Francis Valentine |
Keeuling, Pan Jose; James Edmund Murphy, |
San Francisco; John Milton Otktton, Vinlta, !
1. T. : "Harold Peter Pearson, Ev.inston. 111.:
Edward Hiram Rothrock, Spokane. Wash.;
•Frank Stallo Kurldell, Indianapolis. Ind.;
•Charles Lawrence Thompson, Santa Barbara.
In Mathematics— Humer Munro Deer. Tur
botville. Pa.: John George Gwar'nvy, Mayfleid;
Harriet Sophia Hyde, San Francisco; Amlna
Wilson McNaughton, Tempe, Ariz.; Jacco
Meyer Preeman. Kansas City, Mo.; Jrhn!
Franklin West, Paso Robles.
In l'hysirs James tCdntoab, Palo Alto.
In Chemistry - ••Katherine Lois Has.k<Ml,
Bradford. Pa.: Dorsey Alfred Lyon. Las Vegas,
N. M. ; ••Hatsuwo fs'akamura. Tokio, Japan:
James Joseph Rippetoe, Portland, Or.: Charles
Hubert Shepard, Compton: Harry Ives Shoe
maker. Tacoma. AVash. ; Waiter Cox Taber.
Stockton; Mabel Anna Townsend. Palo Alto.
In Botany— Winifred Mabel Paine. Redlands.
In Entomology— Johnson, Los Ange
les; Harriet Mason Morton, Palo Alto. ;
: In .Physiology— Mabel' Rankin Charles, Palo
Alto; Winifred Sophie Fry, Arcata;. Edith
Sybil Hammond. San Francisco; Harold Phil- '
lips Hill, Redlands; Carl Herman Horst. Butte.
Mont.; Alfred Karsted, Butte, Mont.: Robert
Hansen Madsen, • Palo Alto; Marylyn Main,
Santa Barbara; Allan Earle Peck. San Diego;
••Wilmatte Porter, San Diego; Edward Cecil
Sewall, Portland, Or.; Otis Buckmlnster
Wight, Palo Alto.
In Zoology— Susie May Dlckson, Truro. Nova
Scotia; Arthur White Greeley. San Jose. "
-In ••Raymond Sheldon Garfleld,
Napa: Lou Henry, Monterey; 'John Berming
ham Rice, Santa Barbara; Frank Rice Short,
Glenbrook, - Nev. ; Chester A. Thomas, Santa
I^irbara. .
In • Civil Engineering— **De Witt ■ Clinton
Brewer, Binghamton, X. T. ; Edward . Emery
Carpnter, San Luis Obispo; Hugo Klauber, San
Diego; **Edgar W. McCormack. Portland, Or. ;
Van Norman McGee, Denver, Colo.; Frederic
Scott Noble, DunHinuir; Louis : Bernard Spen
cer, Ogden, Utah; Charles Herbert Sweetser,
Wakefleld, Mass.; Ole Tobiason, * Brookneld,
Wash.; Able Hyde Toll, Baldwlnsville, N. V. ;
Don Everett Trlpp, Vallejo.
In Mechanical • Engineering Nathaniel Allen
Carle, Seattle. Wash. ; Harry Austin Deuel,
Denver, Colo.; Frank Bradley Van . Fossen,
Dunsmuir. ; ■: -'. .'.....
In Electrical Engineering— Robert
Bankh^ad. Loomls: Frank George Banm, San
Jose; *Harry Joel Bean, San Jose; Edward Eu
gene Grow, Elsinore; ••Carl Hiram "Holley,'
Palo Alto; William Francis Jordon, North On
tario; " Arba Vanderburg Joslin, Antioch:. Eu
gene Young- Sayer, Denver, Colo.; Harry Stin
son Sladery, Portland Or. ; Howard Saunders
Warren, Bucksport, Maine.
MASTERS OF ARTS. '
In Latin— Nettie Eliza Hlndry. A. 8., Den
ver, Colo.
! In Classical Philology — "Ann* Frances Wea
ver, A. 8., Logansport, Ind.
I In English— Tully Beck. Ph. B. (De
Pauw), Greenaburg. Ind. Thesis— "Genealogy
of the Texts of Chaucer's House of Fame."
In History— Blanche Josephine ; Anderson, A.
B. OOberlin), Oberlln; O. . Thesis— "Charles
Sumner: His Place in American History."
Maud Greib, A. B-, Arroyo Grande. Thesis—
"The Legislative Bodies of Colonial New Eng
land."
In Mathematics— Walter Alfred Stafford. A.
8.. Santa Ana. Thesis — "Notes on the Sur
face z=x4."
■' In Physiology • and Histology— 'Louis Samuel
Kroeck, B. S. (University of Pacific), Ix>s
Angeles: *Clara S. .Stoltenberg, A, 8.. Los An
geles; »Ray Lyman Wilbur, A. 8., Riverside.
In Civil Engineering — Harry Joel Bean, A.
8., San Jose. Thesis — "An Investigation of ;
the Curve of a Suspended Wire."
DOCTORS OF PHILOSOPHY.
•George Clinton Price. B. S. (DePauw), Palo
Alto. Thesis — "Development of the Excretory
Organs of a Myxlnoid, Bdellostona • Stantl."
•Walter Robert Shaw, A. M.. Moline. 111. The
sis— "Observations on the Fertilization of th«
Eggshell in the Genus Onoclea,"
♦Degree conferred September 10, 1887.
••Degree conferred January 13. 1898.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLD PICK LINE
JOHNSON -LOCKE MERCANTILE
COMPANY,
iW Market Street, San Francisco,.
SOLE AGENTS
STEAMERS FOR ALASKA AND KOTZE-
BUE SOUND,
. Will Dispatch the Following Steamers*
*Vl/\Y ;25th—
• >OR DUTCH HARBOR, NUNIVAK ISLANQ
HOOPERS BAY. ST. MICHAEL ANr
DAWSON CITY,
THE STEAMSHIP "
TILLAmOOK.
MAY i2Btri— ;
FOR KOTZEBUE' SOUND, DUTCH HAR.
t BOR, NUNIVAK ISLAND. HOOPERS
BAY, ST. MICHAEL AND DAW-
SON CITY, v
The Newly-built Triple Expansion Steamer
GRACE DOLLAR,
' Connecting: at th<» mouth of the Putnam
River with the river Steamer ARCTIC BIRD,
which will transfer passengers up the Putnam
River about the. vicinity of. Fiort Cosmo*..
JLJINE Ist—
FOR ST. MICHAEL, DAWSON CITT AND
YUKON RIVER POINTS,
K| ... The;. Magnificent Steamer ;"■■
MORGAN CITY.
Capacity 700 Passengers, 2000 Tons of Freight. ■
The above steamers are the > finest of their
. class; every comfort : given ; to ■ passengers: best
table set of - any lino running ■ to : Alaska. -. It
you are going to Alaska go by a reliable line.;.
For Information address : '.
JOHNSON-LOCKE MKPCANTILE COMPANY.
Market >v, Sao Francisco. .
PAINLESS DENTISTRY i
. ■•■"*■ . Full Set Teeth. . $5. oup
V VV/Ja/Y/ I'^-1 '^-- Go:dCrownB.22-k 13.50 up
.^sXU^w^s^T Fillings...... •• .'-'6 cup
_2_^J? '.J^'luS— i^~ No charge 0? extracting
— 3^SLj/J ii 1 .' *I c x teeth : when • plates •
-^>*^^K^?~- ' :ire ordered. "
'^/WJW^- VA N ' VROOM
/4viTi'lv ' ' ElecVo- Dental Parlor*. ■ ■
7' *" ;. . SIXTH AND MARKET STB.
j P. &B. BUILDING PAPER
fv And P. & 6. READY ROOFING. :
Bold by all first-class dealers, are clean, odor- |
less, of great strength, •. reasonable In - price and ■
easy to transport. ■ They keep heat, cold, damp- :
ness • and j dust > out of . buildings; are ■; particu- \
larly adapted to Alaskan trade, i PARAFFINE |
PAINT CO., 116 Battery st. Tel. Main 1763. r >
VA/. X. HESS, I
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW, j
Tenth ■ Floor, Room 1015, Cl a. preckela Bl dg. ;
Telephone Brown 5 331. ■
Residence. $21 California street.: below
Powell, San Francisco. :. r
. ;
SLED S; BOATS' ETC. •
ARCTIC, sleds, Arctic dogs, Youkori boats,
pilot ; rraps :to ; the V, Klondike, r Ala.ski. ■ outfits, ;
steam I launches and stern-wheel ! steamers, ; with
boilers suitable to bum • wood; 50 boats can be ;
seen at salesroom. G. ■W. - KNEASS. 718 Third
st. «; "Phone Red 2361. -.
£^ visit dr, JORDAN'S g™«*
mm Museum of Snafomy
IWi % \ :CEI MAmT - T - *«■ *wCs. r. :a.
'B■ i> r-. M f ; ~ f;5 The" Largest of Its kind in tht \?il&.
lSp»\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
B. V**»ff ;m. ''"" < '~ ' Conanltstiea ff««. Write f6r i!«ok »" ' ''+
\\ | of Marriage.
■ " MAILK* VREK.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
polar~Har~line
First Class $200 To Dawson.
ALASKA-YUKON TRANSPORTATION CO.
I ACT rH\ lVr To Engage Passage on Steamer for First Trip
LAO 1 VllfillvL Up t ho River. .. .
THE NEW, ELEGANT ELECTRIC-LIGHTED ,;
STEAMER "NATIONAL CITY"
WILL BE DISPATCHED
2So°u r t MAY 31, 1898, for DAWSON CITY,
CONNECTING AT ST. MICHAEL WITH OUR FLEET
OF RIVER STEAMERS FOR ALL YUKON - POINTS.
THE WORLD-FAMOUS "EXCELSIOR" For^boie^Pohlt.
OCEAN STEAMER , H A S/C t^O IV* > T or AtK)vo Kolnt «
free 250 POUNDS OF BAGGAGE. OUR R'^l^J^^p^jko^
,r Kll limit to excess. the: finest on the.yukon.
THE LOWEST OF FREIGHT RATES CAN BE OBTAINED.
GENERAL OFFICE 3 STEUART ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
S2 ■«.'"»» 8»' 88 888 8 r 88 8
& 1
i We Know It Pays i
88 To do riffht. That Is how we have suo- *°
SS ceeded in building up our business. We 88
gj never misrepresent an article or falsely J£
e« misquote a price. If you have never ,-
*° traded with us, Rive us a trial. Special _ ■
28 for this week: * Ladies' Ox Blood Kid »3
gg Button Shoes, cloth or kid tops, coin or gj
cm narrow square toes and tips; will be of- cj
* 5 f ered for $1 65 ; per ' pair. The regular
88 price was $2 60, but as we have not all *°
88 sizes, we concluded to close the lines 53
r, out. A few pairs of tan cloth tops at __
* . the same* figure. .**
*5 Great reduction In Spring-Heel Foot- 88
wear. Misses' and Children's Tan Cloth 09
•3 ms mM » ■ Top Button or Lace *°
09 V^ul hiStt Shoes, with narrow 85
W^^f w&/l coin toes and spring ' e»
28 I ■*. V*# Child's sizes, 8^ 88
28 I d?V3&\\3 to 10 % TOe - 28
IST W^ V .Misses' sizes, 11 c
tmtf ia t0 2 ...-90c. «o
IB^ " Former prices. ~
' 2S $1 25 ■ and *1 80. . 23
Inn The Button Shoes c «
So are In A, B and C »°
£» widths and the Lace Shoes In A and B 88
T: widths. c ,
*3 Country orders solicited, •->
2J Send for Illustrated Catalogue." 25
18. KATCHINSKI, I
» PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., g-
■BB 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco, ss
8888888888888 8 8 8 8 8 8 8
S2888888888S!8S888888S388888?8 88!S»
THE
WEEKLY
C^LL
o^ It Publishes the Cream of the
« News of the Week and
2 '■■ MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
0/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BBST WBEKLY
o/ PAPER ON THE
7i PACIFIC COAST
2 — \ /~
2 The Best V /Mining
°> Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
01 The Coast / \& up to dat« j
o{ Not a Line of It Sensational
cl or Faky, and Not a Line of j
*J it Dry or Uninteresting. [
10/ I Bright, Clean, A Champ o.: of
j Thoughtful. Truth.
!D A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
2 ALL 1 HE TIME.
W IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
7J HOME MAIL, 51.59 r
O< INDUSTRIES V; A YEAR.
AAILBOAD TSAVEL.
jiB t Sß!ssßaß^'—ii CALIFORNIA
Kg]^^ rt LIMITED.
' K%l^^S' SAN rRANGISGIJ
[M^gjH^-^ggj; CHICAGO.
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
•■ Leave San Francisco at 4:30 p. -n
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS,
: Carries', fire'-class passengers'. only, but. wltij-
I out extra charge. ' ■ •, - .<
I>INING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman .I'alacs Drawing Room Sleepers ; : ii
I days to Chlcaco, ! -4V4 days to New - York! v> - ':
• ■ Trains arrive ; and > depart i from , Market-street
Ferry. San | Francisco ticket office, 644 ! Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520
Oakland office. • 1118 ' Broadway. Sacramento
i office, i 201 : J street. . San Jose, 7 West Santa
. Clara . street, v: '.",-- ■•■••■ ■'.::■ i!::''/:-;.;.'"-,:;-
I rHE SAN 1 FRAN CISCO AND SAN JOAQUiI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. .
I fo From September JO, ISS7, trains wlil : run *■
;: South-bound.; j I ■■ -:. v . -.:' North-bo.'ad. . ' :
Paescn- Mixed ■ , Mixed = Paasen-^
Wi^fFJ ■" J? unday : sta- - Sunday -ser-'
Dally. Excep'd. ; tlons. ; Excep'd. ; Dally. 4
! : ?n am ,l'?°, '»™ ; Stockton-: 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
I >:10 am pm Merced. 12:50 p m 3:53 pS
10:40 am 3:»opm V Fresno . 9:3oam 2:2opm
11:40 am «:20pm Hanford ' 9:45 am 1:15 pS
12:16 pm 6:45 pm Vlsalla .' 6:40 am 12:40 pig
V.- Stopping at "Intermediate "i. points i-. when -', re- r
quired. • - \;x.;.-*-r< ; ,-- -.-■..-; :A^.\^------
- Connections— At Stockton with steamboats ot !
•C. N. "■ &• L r Co., leaving *■ San Francisco and
Btockton . at 6.' p. " m. -i daily; at i Merced ■ with
stages ; to and ; from . Snellings, Coulterville, Yo-
1 Semite, > > etc. ; =, also • with r, stage >■ for * Hornltos.^
< Mariposa, etc.; 't at I Lankershim I with 1 stage £ to :
i and from Madara. ■ •;-.- :•■ .„ ..- ,
RAILEOAI> TBAVEIi.
SOVTUKBN IMt'l*'H: t'OMMMI.
(PAOIFIt: SYMTKK.) .
f r»ln« !«•»*«• «»!•«» »•••" ••"• *•» »rrl»« at
MX t'K AM* «*««». .
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
MATt — From Atmi 38 ' 1898. — A * arr *
*«:O« A Mies, San Jose and Way SUtions... •■ **±
- 7iO»a Becicia, Suisua and S»cr»meiito.... . 1»:4»A
7:O«a Marißville, OroTillemud Beddiuj ria
Woodland 5 ! 15*
7iO*a VacaTille and Runosey ■'•"
7:3Ua. Martinez, SanKamon,Valleio. N»P»,
Calintoga an.l Santa Rosa 51!?'5 1 !?'
SsOOa Atlantic Impress. Og.len and East.. IHSr
maUA Nilt-s, Sail .lone, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento. MarynvUle, . . Chioo,
Tehama and Re«l illnC... 4il»F
•S>SOa Peters. Miltmi, Oakdale (Jmraettown
for Yoseiuite) "TilSf
9iooa New Orleans Kipresi. Merced, Kres-
ik>, BakerstieUl, Santa Karbara,
;.os Angelen, Dtm\u%, Si Paso,
New Orleaas and East.... •i4.">p
I*:OOa. Vallrjo. Martinez and Way Stations 7i4Ap
•IsOOp Sacraiiientf lU?er St«*meis *»iOWp
l:O«r Nile». «an Jnse and Way Station*.. *«s43a
. ....... San Jose, NUes ami Way Stations... JVtISA
SiOOr Lircrmore, MondaU, Uanford and ■
Vlaa.ll» 4.115*
....... LiTermore, San Jose, lies and Way
Stations.* tl«tlSA
Fresno, Merced, Martinet, Vail* jo.. lailSp
4iOOp Martinez, HW> lUiiioii. Vallejo,
Napa, C'allstoga, Xl Verano aa4
Sun tii Rosa ■ til 3a
4i**p Benicia, VacaTille, Woodlud,
Knights I.aii'lini;. Marysillle, Oro-
Tllle mud Hnrr&uianto 10:45*
4i3Or Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7ilst»
4:20p Stockton, Oakdale, Merced 13i15p
I:3«»p Oaetle and L<>«Ji '.. lSilSp
4i<lut> Latbrop, Modesto. Merced, Berenda
(Raymond for Yoßemite), Fresno,
■■ ' Mnjave, Kauta Jtarbara and l,oa
Aiik«'l«'... •••• 714» A
* 4i»Op Hania Kb Route. Atlantic Eipreat
for Mojar» ami Kaat. oi43p
O:O»r Kuroneiiii Mall, Ogden and ICaak.... 9t4.1A
•«:OOr Vallejo.... 18:111?
«:O«l- Il»yi»»r«ls, Nilrn «nd Han Jose 7i4Sa
: t7:OOp Vailejo, Port Cute and Way BU-
tions J»x43t
StOOp Oregon Hacraniento. Marji-
*ill«. RetMlng, Tortland. Tugat
. '.Hound anil I 1I 1 u»t '.. SiISA
HAS LKA.M»K(» AM) lUI\VAUI» LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
''-~~Z~ ~T ~~ ~ ' ( 7:15 a
8:OOa Slflrosr, Seminary Park, *!2 ! 15 A
I2:H«A I Fitrh!.nr . Elmhnrst, \\m k
iU:OOa I San Lean dro, Son th Sam 1 ? I 12 F
:12 . !U .°. M L«an«ro,totudill.,; : |JUISp
i:»:6»p > Lorenzo, Cherry ■ I4i4»p
4:OOp . t»i43p
s:Oi»p »" d 0:15p
8::»op Baiwarda. VV**
7:««P , S:4SP
»:O«p « Runs through to NHea, *iJ is*
tFromNllM . ttisiss;
COAST I»IVInI4>N (Nnrron «.iin»*).
(Foot cf Market Street.)
}7:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Crui
and Princijial Way Stations ....... ISi«»P
8:13 a Newark, O'entetYille, San Jose, Felton,
* Creek. Oruz and Way
* Stations 8«8O»
•8:lBp Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creak, .
Sauta Cruz and Principal Way •■
Stations.. «1©250 a
4:18p Sau Jow . (Kenwood b Way Station* »:Soa
al-.l^v Boulder Creek and Sap to Cruz...... JW:g«A
i CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN rttiNClSCO— foot of Hirkot Streit (Slip 3)—
*7:15 '.».■*) Xl:OOa.M. tl:00 *2:80 t3:C3
'■; •4:00 tB:OO *6:Mr.n.
rromOXlUHD— Poot»rßre»d*»T.— -«:00 8:00 10:00*.*.
tl2:00 *l:00 .: *8:00 . *3:00 ti:3o # S:OOf.ii.
COAST HI VIMON (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Tovrnsend Sts.)
•7:<>oa San .lose him! W»j Statii>ijs (New
Aln-.aden Wednesdays only) ... ■' IIBOP
{7::19 a Sunday Excursion for San Joes,
Santa Cruz, I'Hcific Grove and
Principal Way Stations |S:3Sp
9:OOa San Josv, 'l're» I'ino.i, Santa Cruz,
l'aeilie Ornve, l'aoo Rubles, San
Luis Oliispo. Cuadalupe. Surf aud
Principal ■ \V:;y .SUtinns 4:lOr
! IO: lOa Sail .lose ami Way Stations # »:««a
i I1:3<»a San Jxie ami Way Stations *BiS3a
•Mtr San Mateo. Redwood, ' Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, San Jogs, Gilroy,
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey »ml VaclHc Gr0ve...... •IO:S.1\
•:S::to San .lose and Way Stations *tf:o<l A
•f:l»r San .lo»«an.i Principal WHW H Stations 9.--13 A
•3:O»p San Jose and Principal Way Station* 0:35 a
S:»«p Sao .lose anil Principal Way Stations 3:30p
«::»»!■ San Jose and Way .Stations 7:80p
! Mlil-^f Sau Jose and Way 5Ut10m.. ....... 7:SOp
A for Morning. P far Afternoon.
* Huii'lnyß except«d. } Sundays only, t Saturdays only
it Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
. S""':-v- and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAM FRANGISGU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
ft»nr©B Ferry. Pact «f Market St.
«-..-. * iwi.NCI3CO TO o^i_;n I^Aji AJvi^.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:SS>
•; 30 > : 10 ' 6:30 p. m - Thursdayß— Extra, trip
at " : ?°,P- m - Saturdays— Extr* trips at 1:64
and li:3o p. :m. -
6 V^JAYS~B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:M. *:Sa.
>:00, 6:20 D. m
_ r SAW RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6 10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: il-4L.
1:40. 6:10- p. m. ■ Saturdays— trips) at
1:65 p. m. and 6:30 p. m. "n
SUNDAYS— 9:40, ii;io a. m.: 1:40. 8-M.
8:00. 6:25 p. m. • "**
Between San Francisco and Bchuetaea Par*
me schedule as above. .
j Leave 1 • AJTIYS
San Francisco. In effect San Fraaclsco.
■ April 23, a
Week I ■ Sun- 1893. Bun- I Week
Dayß.|_days.^ Destination. ) days. | Days _
I 7:30 am 8:00 am . Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, (:io pm 10:25 am
! 6:10 pm 5:00 pmj Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm *:23 pm
/ Fulton, ' • " - r -
7:30 am : Windsor. |l0:S am
Healdsburc,
Lytton.
• Geyserville.
j£3o_pm 8:00 am __ Cloverdale. 7:SS pm t:t3 pm
] 7:30 am| 1 Hopland andi 10:28 am
f 3:30 pm|8:00 am| Uklah. f 7:35 pm| «:2J pm
?:S0 am |' • I ~ 10:16 am
i 8:00 am Guernevllla. 17:35 pm
3:50 pm - , I (_ I «:H pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
I ' f and I
5:10 pm S:00 pm| Glen Ellen._ I 8:10 P m B:2 * PM
i 7:30 am 8:00 ami -Sevastopol. ■ 110:40 ami 10:25 am
| 8:30 pm 5:00 pm! I 7:35 pm| 8:2! pa
' • Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
i Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
j servtlle for Skag^s Springs; at Cloverdale for
I the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, : Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
•; Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
j Springs. i Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
! Lake. Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's. River-
! fide.- Lierley's, Bucknell's, Ranhedrln Heights.
HullvlUe, Boonevllle, en's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City. Fort Bragg, Westport, . Usai.
■ - Saturday .to . . Monday - round-trip - tickets at
, reduced rates. . .- ■
- On Sundays round-trip tickets -to all points '
j Deyond San Rafael at half , rates.
. Ticket Of flees, 650 Market St.. Chronicle old«. :
A^W., FOSTER, v R. X. RYAN.
. Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
! NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
_■ ■ > Via Sauallto Parry. i--
*Tom San Francisco, commencing Hay 1, ".■ ISM.
'l«^ r ; -Mill | Valley. r and San -Rafael— 7:oo. •8:00,
i •9^30. ,11:00.. a. m.; •1:45.; 3:20. 4:00. 6:15. •f.OO.
C:3O p. . in. ■..■..■.- -*-._* - t - .
Extra - trips for . San -* Rafael on Mondays.
edneadnys, Saturdays ana Sundays at 11:30
p. m. §a93jfcMBRSBiKM<e4HMPBBj
SUNDAYS.
■For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B-00 »9-00t
: *1000, -11:00. 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. «1:45, nlsol •4:0Ol
■ 6:30, 6:45 p. m. . .
; ,11^00 a. c m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m... does not run to Mill Valley.
: Trains marked • run to San Quentln
' "i, ~, . -V™ 1 THROUGH TRAINS. ,-.'
7:00 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'ns.
I 8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
I 6:15 p. m. week :. days t (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
: ••- way stations. i .■—*:■-..-.- •• . - . ■.-.,.- r .
8:00 a. m. Sundays — arid way stations.
' ■ 1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way eta's.
. mount TAMALPAIS SGENIG RAILWAY.
-.(Via-SausalitOiFerry.) -
■j 1 ■ I-^eve Ean Francisco, commencing May 1.
Week Days— 9:3o a. 7 m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
r Sundays— 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. =:.. l:ic and
2:30 p. m. -:- --,~- ■■ '■ -■ . . <r.--_- .-.■■■ *• -■
Round trip from Mill Valley, ; $1." '. .
COOK ■ & ■■■ SON. Agtnts, ; CXI ' KarkatATTACKED BY
A WOMAN
IN BLACK
Mrs. Shainwald's Ex
citing Experience.
THREATENED WITH DEATH.
HER ASSAILANT HAD A KNIFE
UP HER SLEEVE.
Several Citizens, Who Witnessed the
Act Interfere and Save
Her From Being
Injured.
Mrs. Shainwald, the wife of Herman
Shainwald, of tho firm of Shainwald.
Buckbee & Co., the well-known" real
estate agents, had an exciting encounter
with a supposed Insane woman at Sixth
and Howard streets yesterday morning.
Shortly before 9 o'clock Mrs. Shainwald
while walking along Sixth street was at
tacked by the woman, w~o was armed
with a knife.
"I am going to kill you," she declared
as she brandished the knife. "I want
your heart's blood."
At this juncture two citizens who wit
nessed the scene, seized the infuriated
■woman, and after a short struggle sue-
SOME OF THE "POSTER" PEOPLE AT THE TIVOLI.
ceeded In disarming her.
Mrs. Shainwald was so overcome by the
Fudden attack that she almost fainted.
Several bystanders assisted her to a boot
black stand, whore she was allowed to oc- j
cupy a chair until she had partially re
covered. She then sumoned a hack, and
was taken to her apartments at the Colo- i
rial, corner of Pine and Jones .streets. She
la still suffering from nervous prostra
tion, although no serious results are
feared.
Last night Mr. Shainwald visited police
headquarters and invoked the aid of Chief
In arresting his wife's assailant. Ac- I
<v,rding to his story, his wife was walk-
Ing along Sixth street, when she noticed
the woman, who was dressed in black,
apparently scrutinizing her. She paid no
attention to her, and was continuing
along the street when her assailant ac- j
C °Tak:ng e the knife out of her right sleeve j
she brandished it in the air, and with an
oath threatened to draw, it across her j
w<nild-ho victim's throat Mrs. Shain
wald realizing that the woman was
<razv attempted to humor her. hut with
out avail. Just as she was about to use
the knife several citizens seized her, but
unfortunately allowed her to ••scape.
Immediately after hearing Shainwald s
story Chief Lees sent two of his best men
to make an investigation. They visited
the scene of the attempted assault, but
failed to find anybody who could fur
nish them with a description of the
woman As Mrs. Shainwald is still suf
fering from the effects of the fright, the
detectives concluded not to question her
until this morning. Mr. Shainwald is
convinced that the woman is Insane.
I^ate last night a citizen who witnessed
the attempted assault said he notic-d the
woman walking down Howard street.
She was acting s-trangely. and he con
cluded that she was mentally unbalanced.
Approaching a little girl she attempted
to sfMze her, when the latter, evidently
fearing that she intended to Injure her,
ra jt was* only a few minutes later that
she attacked Mrs. Shainwald. and tried
to cut her with a knife she carried up
her sleeve. The police think they know
the woman, and every effort is being
made to apprehend her.
Will Fight the Charter.
A meeting of the Thirty-fourth Assem
bly Anti-Charter Club was held in Prog
ress Hall, 29 Valencia street, last night.
A resolution was passed pledging the
members to do all in their power to de
feat the new charter, and the points of
the charter were explained by Mr. Mch
ols. A committee consisting of John Con
niff. D. O'Rourke, Joseph Colburn, James
McCloskey and B. Carter was appointed
to draft a constitution and set of by
laws looking toward the organization of
a regular district club for the coming
campaign.
A Child Scalded.
Julian J. Bainett, the one-year-old son
of Mr. and Mrs. Hainett of 2247 Mission
street, was accidentally scalded by his
mother yesterday and died shortly after
from the shock. The mother was pre
paring the meal and upset a bowl
of soup over the little one's head.
Dr. Grazier was called in, but cou.'d do
nothing to stay the hand of death. A
certificate wu signed by Dr. Grazier and
countersigned by the <V>roner, so the
little one's body was not taken to the
Morgue.
Peter Darby's Death.
Peter Darby of Crescent City died last
Saturday morning while making tire voy
age to this city. He was one of the best
known ol'izr-ris of Del Norte County, was
universally esteemed and regarded as a
man of the strictest integrity. His large
estate goes to his granddaughter. Miss
Kugenie Wood of 557 Ellis street. Tho
deceased was 77 years of age. The funeral
will be from the residence of his grand
daughter.
"THE POSTER"
UP TO DATE
Has Clever Lines and
Novel Costumes.
UNLIKE ANYTHING YET.
AFTER A LITTLE TRIMMING IT
WILL GO FAR.
New Vaudeville at the California.
Lew Morrison at tie Alcazar.
Good Bills Elsewhere.
It would be difficult to toll Just what
"Trie Poster" Is. It Isn't comic opera. It
isn't musical comedy. It's unlike any
thing that was ever seen or heard upon
land or sea— stage land or stage sea, of
course— and yet Its novelty isn't all a de
light There's the shadow of a plot and
then the mad whirl of the poster artist's
dream; and that's a success, for anything
more like a nightmare In shapes and
colors than the stage at the end of the
second act has never been embodied.
There's much that's good in "The
Poster." quantities of fun, hits of all
kinds at all things, and an occasional good
song like "The Poster Maid ' and "The
Next Day." But the music isn't equal to
the libretto. It lacks melody and it
hasn't caught the spirit of the satirical
tr Of eS course, there 1 * too much in "The
Poster" as it is now. Its authors must
choose between the satire itself and its !
introduction. When '"The Poster" shall
be 1. -headed of that meaningless little j
preamble of talk among the models; j
when the artist shall sooner go about the
business of the evening— to dream his
poster dream; when some of those ex
cellently costumed ballets are sacrificed,
and when, as one of the authors ex
pressed it in his speech, they shall "chase
it along quicker," "The Poster" will be
worth seeing. There are many clever j
lines in the .play.
"Draw!" says the Man in Armor to his
degenerate relative, "Draw and defend ;
thyself!" .
"Alas! I cannot draw," responds An- j
gelo d'Aubert. "I am a poster artist."
The artist's appearance with his four
creations is a masu-rpiece of realized
poster art. On the Tivoli stage alone may i
one see a real live maiden with green j
hair, her orange-haired rival robed in
magenta, an embodied purple cow and all
the other color monstrosities the fad has j
perpetrated. It is impossible to overlook j
the amount of care that has been taken
with the costuming, the work that has
been spent on the production, the spirited
efforts of the Tivoli east, and the atten- |
tlon to detail that characterizes the per- |
formance. . j
The audience last night showered
flowers and applause upon the performers
and called enthusiastically for the i
author. Mr. Wilson, who is really only
half the author, appeared and declared
that Mr. Carpenter, the other half, was
hidden up in the topmost gallery.
You will not be content until you see j
"The Pester." It isn't "The First Born" '
of musical satires. It has faults apart j
from its length and the quantities of ;
things its authors have tried to do all at
once. But It's wildly original in scheme,
it's generous in its scope of entertain- j
ment— too generous to be artistic— and it 1
abounds in evidence that a brain is be- j
hind it; that it wasn't composed by a
patent stereotyped burlesquing ma
chine. MIRIAM MICIIELSON.
At the BaJdwin.
The "Passion Play" was produced at tho
Baldwin last night, this being the first repre
sentation given in the evening. Apart from
Its religious significance, this pictured play is
remarkable for the excellent massing of
crowds of human beings— the only really sat
isfactory views of multitudes presented upon
the stage; for the excellent showing of the
brilliant colon in copies of celebrated pic
ture* by the "Id masters; for the good music
that accompanies it, and for the good taste
and discrimination with which the little ex
planatory lecture Is delivered.
Ysaye opens to-morrow nitjht.
At the California.
One of the lx>st first nights in point of at
tendance in many weeks was witnessed at the
California last evening, on the occasion of the
opening bow of Hopkins* Trans-Oceanic Star
Specialty Company, under the management of
Robert Fulgora. The house was crowded In all
parts, from dress circle to gallery, and It was
amused and in many instances delighted with
the performance.
The opening selections were by far the bet
ter, while the closing ones were good. The
house was tickled with John and Louisa Tlll's
Royal Marionettes, presenting the pantomime,
"Skeleton Dance, Bluebeard and Humpty-
Dumpty," with a side splitting clown and
a wonderful woman, whose sleeves, as they
fell off, turned into little girls. Vlnle de Witt
was encored again and apaln for her graceful
and spirited j-laying on the cornet, and when
Bhe concluded with patriotic airs Including
"Dixie" and "The Star Spangled Banner" the
house shook with handclapping.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Sidman appear in a de
lightfully artistic comedy sketch. Henry Kess
ler, the illustrator of songs, has a sweet tenor
voice, which he handles well in his metrical
stories. The comedy duo, Morton and Re
velle, kept the audience laughing with their
quaint sayings. Mr. Morton's rag-time words
b.fiiiK particularly Irresistible.
Polk and Kolllns received several well-de
served encores for their really clever work on
the banjo.
In the acrobatic line there are two good at
tractions in the trapezlst. Little Lulu, and
Juno Salmo, the agile and astonishing coutor
THE SAX FRANCISCO T3ALL, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 189 S.
tlonist. Frank Gardner's trained riding bab
boon excels anything In the trained animal line
that has been seen here for a long time. The
performance closes with the cinematograph,
the most enjoyable part of which is the lec
tiircr's burlesque on the efforts of the stereo
tyjHJ spieler. The performance will continue
during the week ■with matinees on Wednesday
and Saturday.
At the Alcazar.
After an absence of seven years Lewis Morri
son was greeted by a San Francisco audience
last evening at the Alcazar. The reception
was the most flattering; that the tragedian
could have desired. Golden Gate Lodge of the
Order of Elks, of which he is a member, at
tended In a body and at the end of the second
act Harry Newhoft, the exalted ruler of the
lodge, mounted the stage and in a few well
chosen words bade the actor a hearty welcome
in the name of the lodge and the people of this
city. At tho same time he presented a most
beautiful floral offering, emblematic of the
order. Aside from this half a dozen elegant
lx)uquets were handed over the footlights. Mor
rison replied with feeling and said many pretty
things of the people of the city that first gave
him note in his profession. The welcome he
reo4 ivt-.l operated as fuel to a fire and he
carried rait the difficult role of Torick in the
pathetic play of "Yorick's Love." The play and
the actor need no commendation. Taken as a
whole tie w:is r.rily 9Uj.j»,rtcO by the A lea tat r
Stock Company. One valuable addition to the
cast Is Miss Florence Roberts, who took the
trying part of the comedian's wife Alice. This
bright little lady came in for her share of the
applause. She had many personal friends in
the audience who knew her merit before she
went to the Eap for additional laurels. An
other strong support was Wallace Shaw, who
took the jiart of Heywood. the managei.
■\Y right Huntington as "Edmund" could make
that character far more effective by entering
a little more into the spirit of the character.
The remainder of the casl was up to the aver
age. Taken on the whole the critical cau have
a treat by witnessing "Yorick's Love."
At the Orpheum.
Laughter and patriotic enthusiasm bubbled
from the Orpheum's large audience last even
ing: at the least provocation. There was provo
cation in quantity, however, as the menu pre-
pared for the vaudeville-going public by the
management is ljeund to bring forth shouts of
approval from the most pessimistic theater
goer. Carroll Johnson, the old-time favorite,
resplendent In yellow togs and new songs, won
the audience completely. There were other
popular features in the entertainment. Al
Leech, whose excellent comedy work used to
exhilarate audiences in days gone by, gang
and danced as of yon, and was ably assisted
by Lottie Vincent and Mabel and Mollie Fuller
lii a laughable musical comedy skit, entitled
"Their First Lesson." Leech's parody on the
hundred and one songs that have been aung
In years past caught the house.
Ezra Kendall's original monologue was slow
In gaining the applause of the house, but
he gradually warmed up and the crowd could
not get enough. His allusions to Dewey and
other Americans created great enthusiasm. The
Vans did a funny comedy acrobatic turn, and
Colby and Way won much applause by their
act. As a ventriloquist the former proved
himself the equal of any heard in many sea
sons. Miss Way's doll danring caused wonder
and hearty applause. Harry AHlster's por
trayal of Grant. Sheridan, Sherman and Wash
ington aroused patriotic ardor, but when he
impersonated Dewey and Sampson, heroes In
the present war, the audience rose to Its feet
and yelled until hoarse. The hold-overs, the
Manhattan Comedy Four, Jerome and Hell and
Kerner's visions of art are as popular as ever.
At the Grand Opera-House.
"Mrs. Partingtin and Her Son Ike" attracted
to the Grand Opera House last night a large
audience, which was kept in hilarious enjoy
ment during the four acts of the amusing
farce. Jessie Norton, the singing soubrette, as
the saucy Ike, made quite a hit and her pinging
was greatly relished, particularly In the song,
"In the Harbor of Havana, Far Away." The
widow was represented by W. J. Ellerford, and
the part could not have been in better hands.
Maud Edna Hall. Julia Blanc. Fred J. Butler,
Mortimer Snow and other members of the stock
company sustained their parts well. Butler
sang two patriotic songs and created quite a
Bensatlon.
The Columbia.
Robert Mantell and his talented company
have won a warm corner in the hearts of the
theater going people of San Francisco. Last
night saw the opening of the fourth week of
the engagement and the house was as well
filled and as enthusiastic as on the first night.
The play was "A Secret Warrant," and In It
all the actors sustained their well earned repu
tation. Mr. Manti'll and Miss Roselle Knott
shared the honors and each had to respond to
a number of recalls.
"A Secret Warrant" will be repeated to
night "Monbars" will be played to-morrow
and Thursday nights and "The Face in the
Moonlight" will hold the boards the rest of the
week.
At the Chutes.
The afternoon and evening performances In
the Chutes' Froe Theater are unusually good
this week. Oro, Bell and Oro, in 'Tun In a
Chinese Laundry." present a sketch entirely
new and one that provokes vast quantities of
laughter from the usually large audiences;
Quazlna, the male "La Loie Fuller"; William
d» Boe, the "upside down man"; May Ken
nedy, a singer and dancer; living pictures and
comedy without end complete the bill. The
animatoscope shows stirring war pictures and
the Zoo is full of Interesting animals.
In the Divorce Courts.
Sarah Ryan was granted a divorce from
her husband, Frank S. Ryan, by Judge
Hebbard yesterday on the ground of
I cruelty. A decree of divorce was granted
: Annie Potter from Frederick S. Potter
!on the ground of cruelty. The plaintiff
was allowed to resume her maiden name.
Hurley. Olevis Reeves was granted a di
vorce from Edward Reeves on the ground
lof willful desertion. The custody of the
i minor children of the litigants was
awarded the plaintiff.
■ ♦ »
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC POR^M.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 23— Bktn Mary
Wlnkclman, from Marrowatone Point.
HaiU-d May 2t— Bark Hayden Brown, for Kot
zebue Sound.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
MOVlLLE— Arrived May 23— Stmr Furnesla,
from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived May B-S.'mr Georglo,
from Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May S3— Stmr Corin
th la, from Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed May 23— SMn 3r~in
t en, for New York.
NAPLES— Arrived May 23— Stmr Victor-a.
from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 23— Stmr Cupid,
! from New York.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed May 23— Stinr Kaleer
I Wllhelm U. for New York.
MAY REMOVE
ANY OFFICIAL
AT HIS WILL
John T. Doyle Replies to Dr. Taylor on the New
Charter Mayor's Extraordinary
Powers.
The following open letter from John T. Doyle to The Call on the new
charter Mayor's extraordinary power of removal will show the utter helpless
ness of any official under the new instrument who may happen to incur the
displeasure or personal ill will of the new municipal Czar:
SAN FRANCISCO, May 23, 1898.
To the Editor of The San Francisco Call— Sir: I request space for a
brief reply to Dr. Taylor's comments (published yesterday) on my letter re
garding the new charter.
Dr. Taylor informs us that the Mayor's power of removal Is confined, to
officers of his own appointment, and in support of this contention he quotes
the words of the instrument, "and any appointed officer may be removed by
the Mayor for cause," coupled with the suggestion that the words, "appointed
officer," mean an officer appointed by the Mayor. So that one who has been
appointed a police officer Is not an appointed officer. My reply is that if
that is what Dr. Taylor and his associates meant to say, they didn't say it.
A half-dozen apt words would fully express it. I fear that when the courts
come to expound the charter they may not take the precaution of sending
for some member of the convention to tell them its meaning, but will read
and construe it for themselves. Such has been the usual course hitherto,
and my learned friend will acknowledge the great inconvenience of calling
him into court for instruction every time a clause of the charter has to be
construed.
But, says the doctor, the Mayor cannot have the power of removal of
subordinates, because section 21 (page 142) gives the power to the head of
the department in which he is employed. Undoubtedly the head of the de
partment has power to remove a subordinate, and, in my opinion, should
have, as he is responsible for his acts. The trouble with the new charter
is that it confers the same power on two separate authorities— the Mayor
and the head of the department.
And, again, the doctor quotes section 12 (page 131) to show that certain
subordinates may be removed, after charges tried before the Civil Service
Commission or a tribunal appointed by them, and the inference is repeated;
because they can be removed by the commission, they cannot by the Mayor.
But if that be a just inference, then neither can they be removed by the
head of the department to which they belong. So this contradictory argu
ment recalls Punch's showman. "On the one side," says he, "you behold a
Prime Minister abolishin' of the corn laws, and on the other side you behold
a Prime Minister abollshin' of hisself." "But," says the urchin who is
looking through the glass, "which is the Prime Minister?" "Whichever you
please, my little dear," says the other; "you pays your penny and you
takes your choice." It appears plainly enough that the charter has pro
vided more than one way for removing many such officers. We will pay
our penny and the Mayor will take his choice.
My objection to this power of arbitrary removal is not. however, based
merely on the number of persons to whom it extends, but on the fact that it
destroys the independence of the officers to whom it applies. Suppose it
then restricted to officers appointed by himself, as Dr. Taylor contends, it
reaches all those important departments to which he appoints, viz.: Three
members of the Board of Public Works, four School Directors, four Police
Commissioners, four Fire Commissioners, five members of the Board of
Health, five Election Commissioners, three Civil Service Commissioners and
five Park Commissioners. These thirty-three persons exercise the executive
power of the government of the eight great departments committeu to their
charge. They should be men of known character and capacity, fit for
high station. It is not denied that the Mayor has the absolute power of
dismissing one or all of them at his discretion. Like the Centurion in the
Testament, he can "say to one, 'Come,' and ho cometh, and to another,
'Go', and he goeth." Are we likely to get persons of this character spoken
of willing to accept office subject to capricious discharge like a dishonest
or dissipated servant? No; we will get none but lickspittles to whom the
salary is the inducement to accept abasement.
Want of time prevents me from following the doctor into a discussion
of the provisions for street openings, etc., further than to quote the words
of section 6 (page S3) wrth respect to it. The Supervisors, if they adopt the
improvement recommended, pass an ordinance providing for it, "and may
in sa!d ordinance prescribe such rules for the conduct of the Board of Pub
lic Works respecting the assessment and valuation to be made by said board
* • • In addition to and not inconsistent with the rules herein pre
scribed as to said Supervisors shall seem expedient." If that does not al
low them to make one law for Rome and another for Athens. I am mis
taken. Tours respectfully,
FOUR HORSES
IN A SPILL
Accident on St. Louis
Track.
JOCKEY DUGAN IS INJURED.
SUSTAINS THE FRACTURE OF
A RIB.
Little Pilot Jr., at Gads of Twenty
to One, Romps Home in a
Five Furlong Dash
at Oakley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS. May 23.— Two favorites
won at the fair grounds to-day. Clara
Fields, Scottish Grit, Judge Rankin
and Dick Collins fell in the third
event, causing a general mix-up. Three
of the boys escaped with a bad shak
ing, while young Dugan, on Rankin,
had one of his ribs broken. Weather
clear and warm; track good.
Five and a half furlongs— The Chemist
won Lady Callahan second. Maddalo
third. Time, 1:08%.
Maiden three-year-olds, five furlongs—
King's Guard won, Spinnaker second,
San Sabart third. Time 1:03.
Two-voar-olds, five and a half furlongs
—Lee Bruno won. Leo Planter second,
Little Dutch third. Time. :57.
Six and a half furlongs, selling—Horse
shoe Tobacco wont Henrica second. Car
rie Floyd third. Time, 1:21%.
One mile sellinp— Siva won, Mamie G
second, Traveler third. Time, 1:41^4.
One mile and twenty yards, selling—
Mus»kaloiige won. Protus second, Russella
third. Time, 1:44.
CINCINNATI, May 23.— The second
day's racing at Oakland brought out a
large crowd. The surprise of the day
was Little Pilot Jr.'s victory in the
third race at 20 to 1. Weather fine.
Track fast.
Four and a half furlongs— Glasnevln
won Kitty French second, Ollie J third.
Time, :6fi%. „, _ . mi _
Seven furlongs, selling— Sedan won. The
Planet second, Liverpool third. Time,
i-29y 2 .
Five furlongs— Little Pilot Jr. won.Paca
second, Jolly Roger third. Time, 1:0334.
One mile— Boanerges won, Simon W
second Imp. Eddie Burke third. Tinfe,
1:41%.
Mile and a sixteenth— Bon Jour won.
Prosecutor second, Charina third. Time,
1:49%.
Seven furlongs, selling— Sister Jajie
won, Allie Bell second, Dan Rice third.
Time, 1:28%.
i
1 ' * National" league standing:
W.L. Pet. W.L. Pet.
Cincinnati ...20 « .769 Plttsburg ....14 15 .479
Cleveland ...19 8 . .704 Philadelphia .10 13 .434
Boston .......18 10 .643 1 Brooklyn ..... 9 14 '..SSI
New Y0rk.... 16 10 .613 1 Louisville ... 920 .ISIO
Baltimore ...13 9 .591 St. Louis.'.... 818 .303
Chicago ....:.14 12 .533 Washington . C 20 .231
, CLEVELAND, May 23.— With two out in
the ninth, 1 Burketfs . Single drove :in two
runs, giving the home team the game af
ter Washington thought victory was sure.
Attendance 500. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland ;.'/.'. 4 5 3
Washington 3 8 2
Batteries— Cuppy and O'Connor; ; Weyhlngr
and McGuire. Umpires— Snyder and Curry.
PITTSBURG. May 23.— Dugj?leby was an
easy mark, : and after he , had - lost the
game in an Inning and a half, Platt was
substituted. Only one short hit was made
off him. Attendance 1800. :• Score: - :
JOHN T. DOYLE.
" . /- R. H. E.
Pittsburgh 3 7 2
Philadelphia 16 2
Batteries— Tannehlll and Schrlver: Dugrgleby,
Piatt and McFarland. Umpires— Emslle and
Andrews.
CHICAGO, May 23.— Baltimore had two
bad innings and Chicago one to-day. Er
rors were followed by a bunching of hits.
Attendance 4100. Score: > * <r -
R. H. E.
Chicago 6 6 2
Baltimore 5 7 3
Batteries — Woods and Donohue; Mo James and
Clark. Umpires — and Connolly.
ST. LOUIS. May 23.— The Browns lost
to Boston to-day after an exciting strug
gle. Attendance 1500. .Score:
R. H. E.
St. Loula 7 11 5
Boston 8 13 7
Batteries — Klobedanz and Bergen; Hughey
and Susden. Umpires — Swartwood and Wood.
LOUISVILLE, May 23.— The Giants bat
ted hard and timely, while the Colonels
could not bat when hits meant runs.
Do'wling lasted but five innings. Attend
ance 900. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 12 12 1
Louisville 4 12 4
Batteries— Doheney and Warner; Dowllnff.
licGee and Snyder. Umpires — Cushman and
Heydler.
CINCINNATI, May 23.— Hi1l kept the
hits well scattered to-day and pitched
himself out of many tight places. Twice
Brooklyn had three men on the basus
and one out, but could not score. At
tendance 1900. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 7 11 2
Brooklyn 2 12 1
Batteries— Hill and Peltz: Kennedy and
Ryan. Umpires — Mi-Donald and O'Day.
Sugar Company Incorporated.
SANTA BARBARA, May 23.— The Union
Sugar Company, a corporation of San
Francisco, to-rlay filed articles of incor
poration with County Clerk Doyle. It is
now building a $500,000 sugar factory near
Santa Maria.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEED
EXERCISE!
m J I v El J a v Hot Q i I B J a
■ rfjM lr I* M Tl * m V
Bicycling is the best and most enjoyable.
Good health does not come in bottles—
take exercise for your medicine.
on mi nil chainless
ffll |IPJ BICYCLES.
The Success of '98........... $125.00
Columbia Chain Wheels ......... $75.00
Hartford Bicycles..... .$50.00
Vedette Bicycles $35 and $40
Pope Mfg. Co., Makers
344 Post St., San Francisco.
1970 Page St., San Francisco.
W7V\.' CLARK.
102 Telegraph Aye., Oakland.
Wrilf s Mai Vegetable Fills
Are acknowledged by thousands or persons who
have used them for over forty years to cum
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid . Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples
and purify the ; blood. - -" ■ '- ■■
Grossman's MM Mixture
ti With '. this ' remedy persons ; . can ■ cure . them-
I selves without the least exposure, change of
i diet or change In application to business. The
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for It
• Prira ti a. bottU- • ; .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT
♦J?" '" - •■"vla" -^ ; *^HBh^^ 3y ji • , ' ijL'v, fT • ' ■ '<
When You
Ride a Bicycle
fyou want to feel that
you are riding a seat
that is anatomically
correct. The CHRIS-
TY SADDLE has the
endorsement of over
five thousand physi-
cians who have or-
dered and are now
using them.
Fitted to high-grade wheels without
extra charge. For sale everywhere.
Ask to see the new Christy Racing
Saddle.
Once a Christy rider always a Christy
advocate.
Send for Christy Booklet.
L 6. SPALDING & BROS.,
NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
STERLING BICYCLES
Arc Made to Wear, and You Can Get Them
for AH Prices.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.,
404 Battery St.,
Western Agents.
The Helios Automatic Gas Lamps are the
only safe and perfect lamps on the mar-
ket. Call in and see them.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.
SPECIALNOTICE! |
THE TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAG
Will Be Open for the Reception of Guests
JUNE FIRST.
Owing to the- favorable weather conditions In
the Shasta region and at 'the request of many
patrons The Tavern lof Castle Crag will ba
opened for the reception of guests Wednesday,
June 1, two weeks earlier than usual.
The resasonablecharges and the superior man-
agement which have characterized this well-
known resort yill be continued.
Applicants for accommodations prior to Juaa
I should address Mr. George Schonewald, Man- :
ager, room 59, Union Trust building, San Fran-
cisco. After above date . they should address
him at Castle Crag. Shasta County. Cal.
fROR " .'■:-'■•'-
FINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
tFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 P er cen * Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POKEIH
All Wool Suits to &l <) tn COT
Order from $I L t0 $03
Pants from ... $4 to $I 0 !
201 and 203 Montgomery St,
844 and 846 Market St.,
1110 and 1112 Market St. ; San Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
sreut Mexican iemedy; gives health aud
strength to tho sexual organs.
Conductor : I don't know how I would get along if it wasn't fof
Ripans Tabules. We men here on the road are
always in such a "hustle," and get so little tim«
to eat and have to swallow our food so quickly.
bo wonder we have dyspepsia. I know I suffered
with it for nearly two years before I got "onto"
the Tabules, and 1 was in misery all the time. I
constantly had pains in my stomach and chest, and
a dizzy feeling about my head. My bowels didn't
work regularly, and I felt " mean " all the time. I
saw Ripans Tabules advertised so much I bought
some, and after taking them for a month felt lika
a new man. I have a boy who was troubled with
Indigestion, and gave some to him. They proved
to be just what he needed.
CUKES DISEASE WITHOUT MEDICINE.
OTHER BELTS CAN BE HAD: SOME
very cheap and others very high, • but If you
want the BEST you MUST have Dr. Pierce' a.
We could fill this whole newspaper with letters
received from people who have been cured by
Dr. Pierces Belt, but we won't do it: would
cost too much, and then we should have to
charge very high prices for the belts, like the
"quacks", do who put such big advertisements
in the papers. The following letter is like
hundreds of others which we now have on
hand. Read it carefully:
IT CURED HIS BMGK.
Plalnsburg. Cal.. August 21. 1897.
"DR. PIERCE & SOX, San Francisco—
tlemen: Once again I address you. this tlme-
to order a $15 Belt. The one you sent me last
October was a beuuty. and the party for which
I ordered it was "well pleased with its effect
on him: bo much so indeed that I have never
heard him complain of his back hurting him
since. So please mail one of your No. 2 Chain
Belts complete to Mr. of Plalnsburg, Cal.,
and I will take the chances of having him Bay
it did not help him. I remain, yours truly,
"GEORGE A. KAHL."
'Get our new book. Write for it to-day, for
the next time you look for this advertisement
you may not flnn it. Or. better still, call at
our salesrooms and manufactory and examine
the goods for yourself. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 MARKET ST., Opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco
or Sullivan Block. First ay., Seattle. Wash.
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
A.I.L Kt-rvoua Disease*— Failing Mem-
ory, Impotency. Sleeplossness, etc, caused
by Abuse or ..{her Excesses and India*
crctions, Tliey quickly and surely
rostoro Lost Vitality la old or young, and
fit a man for study, business or marriage.
s»l'rev«?nt Insanity and Consumption if
me. Their uso ebon immediate improve-
ment and effects a CXJIIVi whero all ether fail In-
sist upon having tho geuuina Ajax Tablets. They
have enrod thousands and will cure you. Wo eive a. r>c3-
itivo written Raarante* to effect a cure Eft |*TQ la
each or refund the money. Price WW I per
racltaco; or sts pieces (full treatment) for $2.50. By
mail, la plain wrapper, n win receipt of rric6. Circular
uIAX REMfiWCO.. 055£" p *? fc '
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnitz & Co..
236 Sutter. No-Percentage Pharmacy, 949 Hkt.
DIRECT
. . TO . .
DAWSON CITY.
All water route, no change; new
steamer, built for leading business men
of this city and Alameda; cheap rate;
best fare; no second-class, all new fur-
nishings and best caterers. Tickets on
ealel at 54 Steuart street, and 25 Market
street. Call for particulars.
000000000000000003
o T - PALACE -' %
%GRAND HOTEL
q SAN FRANCISCO. q
*f Otttiected iv . ■ ■■■> • ::is^tc-w^t. -.
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attach**. *f
© .tUX Dnn OVB MA.VAGKiIB.-iX. O
O .. NOTE THE PRICES: O
O European Plan. Sl. 00 per day and upward Q .
American Plan. B*3. OO per day and upward "*
O " Corre»P«nd»nr«» Solicited. O
O JOHN 0. KIRKPATEICS, Manag«r. O
OOOOODOOOOOOOOOOOO
DR.MCNDLT7.
H^ni« V.'EMVKNOWN AND RKLIABLE Or,I»
-L SperiiillstcMrM Private, Nervous, and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
CO years' experience. Send for Book, free. J'atlents
cured at Home, Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
iiaiiy;C:.'iO toS.SOev'jrs. .S^rid-ivs. lOto"'-. Conauita-
free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE McSCLTT, M. I*..
s*o.'i Kearnj Street Sao FranciMu. (Tot
| HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- 1
I Colored Spots, Aches, Old i Sores, Ulcers I
I HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- I
Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers
in Mouth, Hair-Fulling Wriie COOK KKM-
IEDYCO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- I
J CAGO ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital {
m 1500,000. Worst cases cured In la to 36 days. i
|100-pagre booit free. |
4C 3 V WONG WOO,
f*^& CHINESE TEA AND HERB
BJP J s SANITARIUM,
Wr*jL 764-66 CLAY ST., San Fr»ncigeo,O»l'
,»-'^>V^ EWt All diseases cured exclusive-
WJ^f : lv '>' by Chinese herbs, over 3000
fJfWiSitjit&P varieties being uaed. ADVIca
FREE. Hours, S»:30 to 11 a. in.. 1 to 3 and 7to
Dp. m.
'.^^^hb&.sß Big «id a con -poisonous
< < ll >**^^ 51 5- ; »!T^5 remedy fur Gonorrhoea,
O)evt, Spermatorrhoea,
/■SiZ-j/ia l »sd»Ts.%;-J Whites, natural riis-
JBBSeS Guarantee! D cbiro'C-H, or any influnimii-
£T<bW not to rtric;nre. tion, irritation or ulcera- |
j^ "jPrtTents coo'-agton. tioa of mucous mem*
Grg» I'HEEyAKS CHEW" r!o. brands. Xon-astringent.
Y-^^CINCINNATI.O.P^fi So!d b^ »"-"B5l»U.
C S A \ iff or spnt in P^'o wrapper,
J^tSSkk. ' Jutfyffli by «-xpr?B«, prepaid, for
*^lZg££^f* aPl\Om I'o1 ' 00 ' or 3 bottles, «2.75.
B *fijff" g *^* i ■ Circular s"ut 011 request,
>^SVDEWEY,STRONG &CO.^??V
Yr JPATENTS^ >)■
V£itf/330 MARKET ST. S.F."^SS^
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
... ■ •
Quicksilver higher again..
Silver unchanged.
Wheat lower.
Barley futures doing better.
Other cereals quiet.
Bran lower again. Middlings unchanged.
Hay steady.
New Onions lower.
String Beans still scarce.
Butter weak. Cheese lower.
Eastern. Eggs higher.
Poultry nominal.
Cherries and Apricots In good supply, but |
steady.
Berries plentiful and weak.
Oranges firm.
Cottolene lower.
Hams, Bacon and Lard firm.
Hogs advanced again.
Wool. Hops and Hides unchanged.
GOLD AND SILVER MOVEMENT.
From a bulletin of the Bureau of Statistics {
of the Treasury Department the following ;
flftiirpn rcpardinsr Imports and exports of the j
United States of gold, silver, etc.. for the ten |
months ended April 30 are obtained: Exports .
of gold coin and bullion. $14,836,003: imports. I
$39,315,501; excess of imports. J84.479.459: ex- |
ports of silver coin and bullion. $46,601,490: im
ports, $9,871,938; excess of exports, $36,729,552.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those undenvath It, 1C any, the
amount of raimall or of melted snow in Inche3
and hundredths d-.iring the last twelTe hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect p*oints of equal
air pressure: isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "hich" means high
baro:netric pressure and is usually accompanied
by lair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure i» high In the interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
ar.d «nuth along the coast, rain i 9 probable:
but wrben the "low" is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and th» pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2f>th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAX FRANCISCO. May 23. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations In
California:
Eureka. 54: Fresno. 74; Los Angeles, 6S; Red
Bluff. 78: Independence, 6S; San Diego, 6t:
Sacramento, 7fi; San Luts Oblspo, 66; Yuma, SS.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 63;
minimum. 48; mean. M.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the Rocky
Mountain region and northwestward to the in
ternational boundary. An area of low pressure
overlies Wyoming, Colorado and the States to
the east.
The temperature has risen rapidly over
Northern California and No.-'nw-Ker.i Nevnda.
It has fallen decidedly in Utah and In Arizona.
Nc rain has fallen on the Pac'fla Slope, ex
cep' from Fort Canby north.varl.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending- midnight. May 24. 18S8:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; warmer;
fresh northerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; warmer;
fresh northerly wind.
■ Nevada— Fair Tuesday; wanner.
Cloudy Tuesday; warmer Tuesday and
.Tuesday night.
■ Arizona — Cloudy Tuesday; warmer west.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
■fresh westerly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear: wind northwest, 12 miles per
hour; temperature, E8: maximum, 60.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 23.— The level of prices of j
stocks was lifted another notch as a result of I
to-day's trading. The dealings were not large
and there was no general activity in the mar- I
ket.- That is to say, the volume of dealings ,
In the speculative favorites was not very large
and a number of important stocks were inact- j
ive. At the same time It was not noticeable
that a number of usually active shares were •
moved and this gave the market the appear
ance of a broadening tendency which a closer j
'analysis did not altogether confirm. There j
was a large number of individual transactions I
of the small dividend paying stocks, indicat- !
ing a demand from investment sources. Buy- ;
ing of this character is usually designed for i
permanent or long-time holding and always j
accompanies a plentiful supply of money. There i
was no evidence, however, of any wid»spread
general Interest in stocks and the speculative
public evidently prefers to wait for a definite
outcome to the naval maneuvers in West In
dian waters. There was a good market for
Americans in London and prices were well sus- !
tamed on a belief that Spain would shortly sue i
for peace. There was a coincident rise of a \
point or over in Spanish 4s in London and I
Paris. A- rumor that this was due to a pend
ing Franco-Spanish alliance did not hurt Amer
icans In London. London was also a buyer of
St. Paul here, and altogether was quite a factor '
in the strength of the New York market.
Northwest responded to Its excellent statement '
of April earnings with a rise of two points
and radiated strength through both the Van
derbilt and the Granger groups, with each
of which It was co-ordinate. Early in the day !
there was a further advance of over two points I
In Pullman. Traders realizing in the late deal- >
Ings caused a break of nearly four points in
Pullman and of 24- in Consolidated Gas. The ;
result was unsettled closing considerably below
the best !n some cases and with net gains as
• rule only small.
Railroad bonds were narrow and Inactive
but prices were well held. Total sales $1 350 -
000.
I'nited States new 4s declined Vi In the bid
price. Others were unchanged.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 297,200
ihares, including 8100 Atchlson preferred, 17,
gOO Burlington. 7500 Louisville and Nashville
9900 Manhattan. SKOO Metropolitan Street Rail
way. 8460 Missouri Pacific WOO N?w York Cen
tral. ".]OO Northern Paclfl< :-"'". fp rred. 13,200 Rock
Island. 41,900 St. Paul. 38M St. Paul and Omaha.
17,200 I'nion Padflt iirefeiTcd, 6000 Wheeling
and Lake Erie, 360") American Spirits, 13.300
American Tobacco, 3200 Chicago Great Western,
6100 People's Gap. 3600 Pullman, 13,100 Sugar,
5000 Leather, 20. 400 do preferred.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12% St P & Om 78
Do prefd ... 81% Do prefd 145 ■
Eal & Ohio ....... 184 St P M & M 135
Can Pac 88% So Pacific 13%
Can So 51% So Railway ........ 8%
Cent Pac 12% Do prefd.: 29%
Ches & Ohio 21% Tex & Pacific .... 11%
Chi & Alton .159 Union Pacific r.S I -,
Chi B & Q... 100% I U P D & G 7%
Chi & E 111 ...>.. 60 |Wabash ............ 7%
C C C & St L...... 34 Do prefd „ 19*
Do prefd 78 Wheel & L,E.:...V 3
Del & Hudson ....103 Do prefd - 12%
Del : L & W........1E2 Express : Companies-
Del & Rio 0 11 Adams Ex .. .99
Do prefd ........ 46% American Ex .... 120
Erie (new) 12% United States .... 40
Do Ist prefd ..... 84% Wells-Fargo ......117
Fort Wavne .ICS Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor prefd .....165% A Cot Oil 22
Hocking Val- 6 Do prefd ......;. 73
Illinois Cent ......103% Amer Spirits ...... 12%
Lake Erie & W.... 15 Do prefd 31%
Do prefd ........ "2 Amer Tobacco ....110%
Lake Shore ....;. .186% Do^prefd ...... ..11'^
Louis & Nash .... 54V* People's Gas ■•••••f°J*
Manhattan L.;.. -.104% Cons Gas! ;;:..v. \>}^i
M»t St Ry ......... 156 Com Cable C0 '....160
Mich Cent ........103 . Col F & Iron ..... 22
Ulan & St 1> W.i Do prefd 99
Do Ist prerd .... 88 Gen Electric 35*4
Mo Pacific 33% Illinois Steel 4SV
Mobile & Ohio .... 28 Laclede Gas 4«%
Mo X & T.. ...... 11H Lead - : 8
Do prefd ........ So Do prefd 106
Chi, Ind & L 9 Nat Lin Oil 21
Do prefd ........ 28 Or Imp Co 29Vi
N J Central '94 Pacific Mall 27
NY Central 115*4 Pullman Pal 185
N Y. Chi & StL.. 13 Silver Certificates. 67%
Do Ist prefd 60 Standard R & T.. C 3 i
Do 2d prefd 31 Sugar 136
Nor West 13H Do prefd 112%
No Amer Co a s * TC & Iron 25V,
No Pacific 26V. U S Leather .<"&
Do prefd . ... 6514 Do nrefd CSV.
Ontario & W .... 15M. C S Rubber 212 11 *
■ Or 1; & Nay .... 4'JU| Do prefd 7S ; *
; Or Short Line .... 28 I West Union fc' T «
Plttsburs 166 Chi & N W 127H
I Reading ISVi Do prefd 169
I Rock Island 101% St L & G W 4»4
;Bt L & S'F 7% Do prefd 10%
Do Ist Drefd .... 61% R G W 25
Do 2d prefd 2S%| Ho prefd 63
I St Paul 97% I Chi G W 14V4
Do prefd 145!£ Haw Com Co 19
• Reading Ist pref . 44M. 1
CLOSING BONDS. • .
! D S new 4s reg..l22Vi Nor Carolina 65...122 Vi ;
' Do coup 122 Do fours iQ : > |
ICS 4s 108 X" Pac lsts 115
Do coup 11l Do Si 60
Do 2ds 95 Do 43 »oVi
I V S 6s re* 111% N V C & S L 45.103V>
i Do 5s coup lllVs Nor *\V 6s 117
District 3 65s 113H Northwestern con.lSS
Ala. class A. 108V4 Do deb Bs 114
Do B lOSVi Or Nay lsts 112H
Do C 90 Or Nay 4s Soft
Do currenoy 90 OS Line 6s. tr...123
Atchison 4s 90 OS Line ss. tr...102H
Do adj 4s «4U Or Imp lsts. ir....110
I Can So 2ds 107% Do ss. tr.. . . . . . .. 58%
Chi Term 4« 84*; Pacific 6s of 95. -.103
C & Ohio Bs Ul£ Reading 4s m*
C. H & D 4H» 104S ROW lsts 83 1 *
D*• R O lsts 106 St L& Ir Mconss. 93
D & R O 4s 91% S L & S F Gen «s.im*
East Term Ist* ...106 St P Con M2H
Erie Gen is TIH St P C & P lsts.ll7
FW & D lsts, tr. 72H Do Bs 115 V*
Gen Elec Bs 103H So Ry Be 92
G H& S Als 109 Stan R & T 65.... 66%
Do seconds 105V4 Term new set 35.. So
HftT CEs 110 Tex Pac L G lsts.lO3U
Do con 6s 104 Do reg 2ds 33%
lowa C lsts 102 UPD & O lsts... 57%
La new cons 45. .100 Wab Ist 5s 106%
L& N Un! 4s 88% Do Ms 82
Missouri 6s 100 !w Shore 's 107%
M X & T 2ds 80% V* Centuries 65 »4» 4 :
Do 4s SS'->; i Do deferred 5
N V Cent lsts ....117's U P prefd SS«, 1
N J Cent as 112 i Do fours W% j
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar lolOntario S 00
Crown Point SiOphir 35 1
Con Cal ft Va SO Plymouth 10 |
Deadwood 75 Qnlcksilver 100
Gould & Curry .... 15>QuIoksi!v*r pfd:... 200
Hale & Norcrofs.. M) Sierra Nevada — 40
Homestake 40 00 Standard 150 !
Iron Silver , 45 Union Con ...' o
Mexican 15 Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON.
BOSTON May 23. Atchison 12%: Bell Tele
phone 258; Burlington, 100%; Mexican Central,
■1-V
LONDON MARKET.
NEW TORK. May 23— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: Further re
ceipts of gold and the rumored settlement of
t ne West African difficulty strengthened all
the stock markets here to-day. The rise was
also assisted by the strength of foreign
Bourses. There were no public dealings, how
ever, and the business to-day was principally
bears' covering. Americans were strong, D.
& R G. and St. Paul leading. It Is said that
the Intter may be scarce for delivery at the
settlement to begin to-morrow. There was a
further rise of 1 point In .Spanish 4s.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, S6V;: Grand Trunk. 8%. Bar
silver, steady.- 20 9-16 d. Money. 2Vi@2>i per
cent. •
Spanish 4s closed 4SV«, a net gain of 1.
PARIS, May 23.— Spanish 4s closed 46 9-16. a
net gain of 1 3-16. '•-.•-' .
MADRID, May 23.— Spanish 4s closed to-day
at 59.80. Gold was quoted at 73.50.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. May 23.— FLOUR— Receipts. |
20.011: exports. 48.116. Firmly held, but quiet; \
Minnesota patents. 16 90@7 40.
WHEAT— 547.600: exports, 339,227
bushels. Spot easy; No. 2 red. $1 61 1 -; f. o. b. '
afloat. Options opened -weak under disappoint
ing cables, but rallied excitedly led by a scare
of July shorts. This was followed by a second
reaction which continued until the close, the
latter being n^il^c net lower. Traders sold :
on bearish weekly statistics, favorable crop '
news and peace rumors. No. 2 red May, Jl 62
©1 70. closed $1 63; July. $1 16%@1 19. closed ;
V 16%.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— Quiet.
METALS— White spelter and tin continue
fairly active and higher, the other departments
of the metal market suffer from neglect. At
the .-lose to-day prices were as follows:
PIG IRON— Warrants were called quiet, with
$6 75 bid and $7 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Very quiet, with $12 bid. .
$12 10 asked.
. TlN— Firm, $14 70 bid, $14 75 asked.
SPELTER— Firm, $4 25 bid. $4 35 asked.
LEAD— Dull, with $3 60 bid. $3 65 asked. The
firm naming the settling price for Western
miners and smelters still quote lead $3 50.
COFFEE— Options changed unclosed to 10
points lower. Sales. 11,750 bags, Including:
June and July. $5 55. Spot coffee— Rio. quiet;
No. 7 Invoice. 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6 7 <ic. Mild,
quiet: Cordova. B^@ls%c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong, tending upward: fair :
refining, ZK<ftS 13-16 c; centrifugal % test, 4 5- 16 c.
Refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 13,556 packages, firm; ,
Western creamery, 14@16c; Elglr.s, iec; factory.
11(g12%c.
Receipts. 1225 packages. Market firm
er; Western, lie; Southern, 10>4@10*ic.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. May 23.— California dried fruits
firm
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6<S6M;C
per Ib; prirre wire tray. 9@9%c: wood dried
prime. 9%c; choice, 9%c; fancy, BV4@loc.
PRUNES — 4<gS^ic per lb as to size and qual
ity.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, SfglOc per lb; Moorpark,
10012 c. '-r. ■/•; '.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 6@Bc per lb; peeled, 11
©140.
?**■ CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET. •
, CHICAGO, May 23. — Lower quotations from
Liverpool and bright sunshine at home started
the wheat bears all over the exchange into
j activity to-day with the accompaniment of
a break in prices. The bullishness that was
apparent in wheat Saturday had no trace- left
to-day. The country news on the whole was
of the most favorable character, not only as
to the promised heaviness of the yield, but also
the prospect of an early harvest. September
was so freely offered that it Bold at SS%c be
fore buyers appeared in any great number.
The relief from the selling pressure came from
the bidding up of July, which was quite easily
affected on account of the small open Interest
in it. It rose from $1 09% in %c Jumps between
every fresh transaction until It was up to
$1 14%, and the effect on September put the
latter to 89% c. While Leiter was apparently
giving good support to July, his brokers were ■
selling September freely. Every one feared a
demonstration in May and predictions were
made of a. rise to $2 for that month before the
end of the week. TKe news of a statistical
character was for the most part exceedingly
bearish. July started l@2c lower at $1 O9'^&
$1 10%. advanced to $1 14%, : then settled back
to $1 09%, and rallied to $1 11 bid at the close.
May ranged between $1 54@1 65 bid, the latter
figure being the closing price.
The improvement In the weather was the
most prominent of the Influences in the corn
pit. The close was %c lower for July.
The market for oats was tame, closing %@%c
lower.
Provisions shared In the weakness developed
in grain. The break In corn especially was an
Influence. Packers were sellers. The close
showed declines of 10@12%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 1 54 1 65 154 165
July ..110% 114% 109% 111
timber 89V» S9 '4 88% 89
December 83% 83*4 • 83 83%
Corn No. 2— ■ . ' '
May 34% 34% • 34H 84%
July 35% 3i'i 34% 35%
September 36% 36% 35H 36%
Oats No. 2—
i May ■ 29% 29% 29% 29%
I July 25% 26 26% 26%
I September ......... 23% 23% 23 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July . .' 12 20 12 25 12 00 12 15
September 12 85 12 33 12 15 12 30
Lard, per 100 lbs— ?.£s%
July 6 37% 6 42% C 32% 6 37%
September .. ...6 50 6 f.2% 640 645
Short Ribs, per 100. lbs—
July 615 815 > 8 07% 8 12%
September.... 625 6 27% 613 8 17%,
Cash quotations were as follows: . ■ t '
Flour, moderate demand, steady. No.' ■ 2
spring wheat, Jl 20; No.. 3 spring wheat, fl 15@
1 40; No. 2 red, $1 55; No. 2 corn, 84%«i>35c; No.
2 oats, 29%®29%c; No. 2 white, 31%'&32c; No. 3
white, 30y 4 '(i3l'ic; No. 2 rye, 65(<T65%c; No. 2
barley,- 42i"a50c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 34; mess pork,
per bbl, »12®12 10; lard, per 100 lbs. $6 35®
6 37%; .short ribs, sides (Joose), $6 10@6 40; dry
salted shoulders (boxed),-' ss@s 25; short clear
sides (boxed), $6 50'gG 70. . .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 8,700 16,300
Wheat, bushels .............118,9.30 ' 240,000
Corn, bushels ...............460,400 1.068,700
Oats, bushels ..'.:.....;..;.'.45L400 ' 294,400
Rye, bushels ...'. 6.600 ......
Barley, bushels 36,000 : ....•...'
On the Produce Exchange to-day the - butter
market, was firm. -..? Creameries. 12@15%c;:
dairies, Hal."-. Kgrrs. firm; Fresh, &%©lo%c.
Cheese, steady; creameries, .9@9%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.- -'•
' Receipts. • Shipments.
. . ; . . .' Bushels. Bushels.
...............^163.83« 87,760 j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1893.
j Duluth - 30.550 ......
i Mllwnukea ............. 30,550 630
: r'hra B (? ""■ • 116.924 240.100
i Toledo ".:.... ...••••226.793 415.000
St. Louis". 31.000 41.000
Detroit <,26S 8.496
: Kansas ClVy" ■■ 97,500 ■ 28.000
Totals 694,505 807,991
Tidewater— _ ...
Boston •••• £8?
New York'::::::: ...w.m 339.227
Philadelphia 15,742
j Baltimore •••""•
I New Orleans
Totals
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat- May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 66 15 M 75
Closing 66 45 M 70
Ope'ninT M 90 I* SO
Closing .....29 85 24 90
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. . July. Sept. Dec.
Opening ............ .... " 10 6% 711 73£
Closing I .... 10 5 7 894 71%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. May 23.— CATTLE— Were s@loo
I lower to-day. Beef steers, »4-fr4 85; exporters,
$4 73iff4 85; stockers and feeders, $4@5; cann^rs,
! $3*13 60; cows and heifers, $4@4 75; bulls, *3 25©
! 4 25. ' ' •>
HOGS— demand for hogs wa« active and
prices advanced s@lo cents. Packing hogs, $4 25
©4 42V.; butchers'. $4 25@4 50; pigs, $2 70@4;
mixed, 14 15<3>4 r,2Mi.
SHEEP— Advanced 15320 cents owing to the
small supply. Wooled lamba. $5 90; clipped
lambs. $5 10; clipped sheep/ $4 15(g | 4 60.
Receipts— Hogs. 39,000; Cattle, 20,000; Sheep,
12,000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, May 23— Receipt*, 2000.
Market steady; native beef Bte«r». 13 90®4 85;
western steers, $3 80<g>4 50; cow« and helfere.
$3 2694 30: stockers and feeders, |3 SOiJJ* 10: bulls
and stags, $2 75@3 80.
HOGS— Receipts. 4600. Market Jo higher,
closed weak; heavy, $4 80® i 45; mixed, $4 30-3!
4 85; light, $4 25®4 35; bulk of sales. $4 30(3)4 35.
SHEEP— Receipts. 5500. Market stronger; fair
to choice natives, ' $3 75<@4 80: do westerns, $3 60
©4 25; common and stock. $3@B 90; lamba, $4cf i
5 40.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, May 23— Receipts
SEOO. Light beeves steady, others steady and
Blow. Native steers, $4<fo; native cows and
heifers. 52@4 65; stockera and feeders. $3 25@
5 40; bulls. $2 Ss@4.
HOGS— Receipts, 7000. Market strong to 10c
higher, closing weak. Bulk of sales, $1 100
4 40; heavies, $4 3<V7?4 50; packers, $4'a 4 40;
mixed, $3 95@4 40; lights, $3 65<£4 10; pigs. S3 10
04.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Market firm; lambs,
$4 ;l\'({3 SO; muttons, $3'?i4 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, May 23.— CATTLE— Receipts. 6000.
Market active and firm; beef steers. $3 60®4 45;
cows. $3'!T4; feeders, freight paid to river, per
head. $30f?37; stockers do, $22ff>28; bulls and
stags. $2 50@4.
HOGS— Receipts.' none. Market unchanged.
SHEEP— Receipts 800. Market firm; rood fat
muttons, $3 25JT4 40; lambs, $4 50@5 SO.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. May 23.-Consols, 111 B-l«: Silver,
26 9-16 d: French rentes. 102f S7^c.
LIVERPOOL. May 23.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
standard California, 535; cargoes off coast, buy
ers and sellers apart; cargoes on passage,
buyers and sellers apart: English country' mar
kets, generally Is 6d cheaper: French country
markets easy: Wheat In Paris, steady; Flour
In Pnris, firm; quantity Wheat and Flour on
passage to U. X.. 2,510.000; quantity of Wh»at
and Flour on passage to Continent. 2,700.000:
Indian Fh!pm°nts Wheat to U. X.. 154.0nn : In
dian shipments Wheat to Continent. 113. 000; im
ports into U. K. for week. 142,000 barrels Flour;
283 000 quarters Wheat.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 9-16 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot, dull. 11s.
CORN— July. steady, 3a 8d; September,
steady, 3s B%d.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW TORK. May 23— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store And afloat Sat
urday. May 21, IS9S. as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange Is as follows: Wheat.
23.055.000 bushels: Increase, 1, 055, 000. Corn. 19.
r,n4.nr,,i bushels; decrease, 2.958,000. Oats, 8.
114,000 bushels; decrease, 690,000. Rye. 1,478,000
bushels; decrease. 590,000. Barley, 539,030 bush
els; decrease. 44,000.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO. May 23.— Porter Brothers' Com
pany sold to-day at open auction California
fruit at following prices: Cherries, Centen
nials. $2 10 box: Royal Annes. $1 ISOI 95: Tar
tarianp, r.»o®sl 30: mixed, Jl 30; other varie
ties, 40@'8f>c. Apricots Newcastles, $1 €0 per
crate; Pringles. $i 3:,<g%\ 60. Plums, cherry. 80c
per eleven pound box.
NEW YORK. May 23— Porter Brothers"
Company sold to-day: Cherries, Blgeraua. $1
box; Tartarians, #"3 Q Oc; Clevelands. Bftc.
XEW TORK, May 23. -The Earl Fruit Com
pany soli California cherries at open auction
to-day, realizing priced as follows: Black Tar
tarian,. 65c'a$i 95; Royal Anne, $1 35@2 40;
Chapman. Ji 05.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or.. May 23.— The local wheat
market opened dull, there being almost no
business at all. The only transaction report
ed to-day was for a very small lot of valley,
which brought 90c. and with the usual differ
ential this would mean only S7c for Walla
Walla.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. May 23.— Wheat, dull; 93®940 for
Club; 96@97c for Blue Stem.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS. May 23— COTTON— Quiet
and steady; middling, 5 5-16 c.
NEW YORK. May 23— COTTON— Quiet; mid
dling. 6 7-16 c.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, J205,244,382; gold re
serve, J173.641.163.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., May 28.— Exchanges, $»»,
752; balances, J95.314.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 84
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 S7V4
New York Exchange, sight — 12V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 67*4
Mexican Dollars — 4«%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The downward tendency continues,
though the decline Is less pronounced. Sales
on call, too, are smaller and trading Is ac
companied with less excitement.
Spot Wheat was nominal at the following
quotations: Shipping:, Jl 62%@1 66; milling,
: $1 'I'j'nl 75 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
6000 ctls, $1 56&; 22,000, $1 58; 6000, $1 66%; 14,000,
$1 55%. .
Second session— December— $1 66%; 2000,
$1 56%; 6000. $1 66%; 2000, $1 65%: 2000, $1 55%..
Regular morning session— December— ctls,
55%; 6000, $1 65%: 62.000, $1 65%.
Afternoon session — December — 12,000 ctls,
$1 66%: Hi, ooo, Jl 66%: 4000, $1 56%; 20,000, |1 67;
4000, ?i 56"4; 2000, $1.66%; 22,000, $1 66%.
BARLEY— Spot Barley, is quoted rather
weaker, but futures are doing better again.
Trade Is Inactive all around. :■;■:■; •*.-. .;■ -,u .■■ ■■■* ■;■
Feed, $1 22V>'al 27%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls .o'clock— December —
ctls. $118%; 2000. $1 13%. ••••"■ i
Second December— 2000 : ctls, $1 19%;
2000, $1 20. .
Regular mornirur ■ session — December— l6,ooo
ctls, $1 21; 2000. $1 22%; 2000, $1 22%; 4000, JJ. 22.
May— $1 26...- ... .. ...
Afternoon session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 22 1 -; 4600, $122%; 6000. $123; 2000, $123%;
10,000. $1 24. ■• ■-.■■.... ■- t -,
OATS Quotations are .unchanged, and the.
market Is devoid of animation. ■ .
Fancy Feed. $1 42%@1'45 per ctl;' good to
choice. $1 35@1 40; common, $1 30@l 32% ; Sur
prise, $1 45@1 60; gray, $1'32%@1 1 37%; milling,
$1 3~><3>l 42% per ctl. :■;-■■
CORN— are steady, but the demand is
not as sharp as It was. • . • ,
Siuhi round yellow, $125 per ctl; large yel
low. Si 07i -,(,;. 1 10: white, $1 07V4@l 10 per ctL . .
RYE— sl 35<S1 38% per ctl.
BUCKV/HKAT— SI 76@1 S5 per ctl.
FLOUR. AND \ MILLSTUFFS. v • .
FLOUR— Extras, J6@6 10; Bakers' Ex
tras, $5 75@5 85 per bbl. ' . .">'"• "., , . .;" •;
MILLSTUFFS— Prices - In • sacks I are ; as fol
lows, usual discount to ' the ' trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 V per : 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal, ■$2 60; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 26;
Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Farina, $4 75: - Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
frlti 20; In sacks. $5 60®6; Pearl Barley, $4 76;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY , AND ; FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran is lower . again.' ■ Middlings ar» un
changed. '. .-.
) New Hay is firmer and old weaker. Th» two
seem to 'be approaching each ; other. The ; gen
eral feeling is steady. There will be a good
deal of stained and musty Hay this year, ow
ing to the rains. - .
BRAN— sl6@l7.
MIDDLINGS^— 60©» 50 per ton., r
FEEDSTUFFS— Barley, $28 per ton;
Oilcake Meal \at the mill, J31«?31 50; Jobbing,
J32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake, : $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal, J28@30 per ton; Cornmeal. $24 50; Cracked
Corn, $25. '■  ■ V .-..- ■■ ' ■ "<"■ ■' ■ ■■--■.'' »-' "<••■*
HAT— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, J2o@
24 CO; Wheat and Oat, (20®23( Oat. $17019;
Barley, $16<g>18; compressed Wheat. $2 If 24;
compressed Oat $16^19 ■ Alfalfa, 512@U »v;
Clover, nominal; Tlmothv. $14" 17 50. A -^ /1 "
NEW.HAV-WVat. wire-hound. $17«?r0: *<?
unteer wild Oat, $15(5>16; Clover and Oat. $12 M
@13 50; Barley. $16- Island Barley, 513015; Al
falfa, $12£13 50. ...
STRAW— 7oc@sl'per bale; Oregon, 60@60c.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Dealers quote the old prices for Beans, with a
quiet market.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 904?3 05: Small Whites.
$1 95«2 10; Large Whites. $1 &o@2 05; Pinks,
« 65@2 75: Reds. $3; Blackeye. $3 75; Butters,
$1 76@2; Llmas, $3@3 10- Pea, £01 15; Red Kid
neys, $2 65@2 85 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 25@2 60 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $3 15@3 25; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2V4<&2»4c per tb; Alfalfa. 3@6c; Rape, 2»4<B<
2%c; Hemp. 2»4@3c; Timothy. s@sUc. „ „_
DRIED PEAS— Nlles $1 75@2; Green, $190®
2 23 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Loa Angeles Eg* Plant brought 12<3!5c per lb.
Green Peppers 2C@2sc and Tomatoes $1 50@2 25
per box.
New Onions are lower. New Potatoes are
steady.
String Beans are In light supply and firm.
Summer Squash Is slow. Otherwise the market
Is without feature.
POTATOES Kiver Red*. 40030 c; Illver "'ir
hanks. 60075 c per sa<k' Oregon Burbankf. 75e«
$1 10; Petaluma Burbanks, 60@75c per sack: new
Potatoes'. V/,ii'2 l .t.c per lb
ONIONS— Australian jobbing at $4 Eo@s; new,
40W60c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 671 boxes As
paragus, 137 boxes Rhubarb and 251 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 50 for extra large; $1 7602 25
per box tor No. i n#*l ■■' tur -mail; Khn>mri>.
40@65c per box for small to good and 75c
for extra choice; Green Peas, $101 25 per
sack; Garden Peas, 2c per Hi; String Beans.
14911 c; Wax Beans, Rffio,-: H"r*» Beans. 40*T75c
per sack: Summer Squash. $1 25<S?1 75 per box;
Dried Peppers. 6®7c per 1b; Dried Okra, 12% c;
Cabbage, 65$ per ctl; Carrots, 80@50c per
sack; Cucumbers, 25@75c per dozen; Marys
vllle Cucumbers. $2 per box; Mexican Toma
toes, $I@l 60 per box; new Garlic, s®6c per lt>.
. EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated I6@18c; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c: Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Was nominal In the absence of receipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lOfi'llc lor Gob
blers and 10<f?l]c for H*»ns; Geese, r>er pair.
75c@$l; Goslings, $I@l 25: Ducks, $3@3 50 for
old and $3^4 60 for young: Hens, $2 50@3 50:
Roosters, young, $S@9; Roosters, old, $3@
3 75: Fryers, ;''r7: P.roilers. $4 50«j!5 50 forlaree.
$2@3 for small; Pigeons, $1 25:31 76 per dozen
for young and $1511 25 tor old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eastern Butter Is lower, and Eastern Eggs
are higher. The local products show no change.
Cheese is a fraction off and plentiful.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 20c; seconds,
19c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, lS@l9%c; common
grades. lWi'Uc per lb.
Eastern Butter — Imitation crea'ierv. ir^i
16^c; ladle-packed, 15tM6c per lb; Elgin, 17%
018 c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. »c; old. 7M>@Bi4c:
Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young- America, 10@
lie; Eastern, 12® 13c.
EGGS— Rnncli .-i;<=. 14*n>^ -er n"o7en; «tore
Eggs, 13H#14c; Eastern, 14®15c; Duck Eggs,
16C.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Cherries and Apricots are In good supply, but
prices are steady. Strawberries are weaker.
There was no auction yesterday. The minor
berries are In light supply except Gooseberries.
Good Oranges continue firm.
lIKCTHLCII S KMuiS-
Receipts were 708 chests of Strawberries and
1534 boxes of Cherries, and 297 boxes Apricots.
Strawberries, $2@3 per chest for large and
$2 5006 for small berries in baskets, and $4 50
iii ;'■ for loose.
White Cherries. 25@"iOc per box: black, 40^
75c: Royal Annes, 75c@$l: loose Cherries, 2V4@
3%c for white and s®sUc per lb for black.
Currants, 75(5 90c per box.
Blackberries, per crate.
Apricots, 40@$l per box and 76c@$l per
crate for Pringles, and 75c@$l 25 per box for
seedlings.
Gooseberries, l®2c per lb for common and
4@ac for English.
Newcastle Raspberries. $1 25(gl 50 per crate;
Nearby Raspberries. 50#65c per drawer.
Apples, 4iK«;7>c per box for common, 7ncSsl
for good to choice and $1 2531 50 for fancy;
New Apples, — - per box. «
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 75@3;
Seedlings, 7Bc©sl 25; Lemons. 50c®$l for com
mon and $1 25'a2 for good, to choice; Mexican
Limes. $4; California Limes, In -mall boxes, j
40@50c; Bananas. $1 25®2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
• DRIED FRUlTS— Prune*, carload lota. ♦%(# i
6c for 40-50" 4K@4%c for 50-60' s. 3%@4c for i
60-70' s. 3H<S3%c for 70-80 s, 2%@3c for 80-90' 2".i |
@2^4C for 90-100's; Peaches, 3@sc; fancy, . 6Vi§>
6c; peeled., 10@12V4c: Apricots, :>rmu, c for Roy
als and i@Bo for good to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 71/i@Sc;7 1 / i@Sc; sun-dried, 4>4<gsc;
Black Figs In sacks, 2@2<4c; Plums, 4H@4?ic
for pitted and l^ffl'Ac for unpltted: bleached
Plums, E@sV*c; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2^4(!?4%c for quarters and 3@sV6c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— I'4'S2c for' two-crown, 3c for three
crown. 3V:C for four-crown, 4%c for Seedless
Sultanas. 2%c for Seedless Muscatels artd $1@
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2^c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per tb;
Walnuts. S@4c for hardshell and 4@6c for soft
shell; Almonds, 3<g4c for hardshell. 6@7c for
softshell. S'jTil'o for paper-shell; Peanuts. 4<g>
6%c for Eastern and 4%c for California: Pe
cans, 61-i.igSc; Filberts, 9^<Siloc; Brazil Nuts,
B(Jf9 per 1b; Cocoanuts, $4 60@5 per 100.
HONEY— 9@loc for bright and CQlz
for lower grades: water-white extracted. s^i@
6c; light amber extracted, 434®5V£c per Ib
BEESWAX— 24@26c per It).
PROVISIONS.
An advance In Cottolene In tierces Is the only
change. Hams, Bacon and Lard are firm, and
the demand is good.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c pc- !T> for
heavy. 9%c for light medium, 10%;; fir light,
lie for extra light and 12@12V&c for sugar cured:
Eastern sugar cured Hams, 10 / . £ @'llc; Califor
nia Hams. J'-i'qlOc: Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
.Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear
$17@17 60; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12%c per
Ib.
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at fie per n>
for compound, and t%o for pure; pails, 9«4c;
California tierces, BV4c per IT) for compound
and 7^c for pure; half barrels, 7}ic; 10-rb
tins, S^ic; f,-tt> tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%'i?6-4c; lockages,
less than 300 lbs— pails, 60 'n a case, B%c;
8-lt> pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-tb pails, 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-lb pails, 6 In a case. 8 ;^c; 50-Ib
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, 7%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7V4c per It).
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
" HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c;. medium, 8%@9%c; light, BV4@9c;
Cowhides. S'l.ifiiUc: Stags. sc; salted Kip, 90
914 c; Calf, 10c: dry Hides 16c: culls and brands,
12@13c; dry Kip and Veal. 16©16% c; dry Calf,
lSSrl9c; culls, \t,\tl~c; Goatskins,. 3o@37%c each;
Kid?. 54i10c; Deerskins, good summer, 25@'30c
perTb; medium. 20c: winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20@25c each; short 1 wool, > 30@50c
each; medium.' 60<!?S0c; . long wool, 90c@$l 10
each; Horsehides. salt, $2<9 : 2 50 . for large, $150
<B'2 for medium and 75e@$i for small; Colts,
50!<f75c: Horse hides • dry, $1 SOUS for large and
$l(f?l 25 for small; Colts, 25@50c. '
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. ■ 3@3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2<il2v;c: refined, 2 (gM%o; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip, San Joaquln, defective, 7@
Sc: Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern,
1701 C". . . L . , • .
HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9@12%c per It).
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
. — Calcutta Grain Bags, , June- July, 5V4®
6%c; Wool Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $4 85:
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8- bovthfield Wellington, $7 CO: Seattlf,
TG; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsen3, $7 f.O;
Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk flnl $11 .V) In tacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Cannel. $10
per. ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate, $7 60;
Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 in sacks.
■ QUICKSILVER— Is higher in sympathy with
an advance In London, . at $39 for export . and
$42 50 per flask for local use.
. SUGAR— The Western: Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and . Fine Crushed."- 7c; : Powdered. 6'4c; Dry
Granulated, sv»,c; Co-fectioners' A. 5%c; Mag
nolia A, s»*>c: Extra C 5%c; Golden C. 5»4c;
Candy Granulated, 6c: 'California A, 5%c per
lb: half barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more. ;- .. - _..
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
•* Hogs have again advanced. Th« other descrip
tions are unchanged. ...
"Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows: .»;
BEEF— First quality, 6c; choice, 6%c; second
quality, 5%c; third quality. 4@sc per: IT).
VEAL— Large. 4'iTsc; small, s@6c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. B®S&c; -..wes, 8c per IT).
LAMB— Spring. B©S%c per IT).
PORK— Hogs ■ 4<fr4*4c for large. 4Vi@4%c
for medium and 3\i«T3*ic for ■ small; stock
Hcgs, 2®3c; dressed Hogs. s^@«M:O.
RECEIPTS 'OF PRODUCE.
For Monday. May 23.
Flour, qr sks 12,503 Shorts, sks 1,197
Wheat, ctls 385 Hay, tons 273
Barley, ctls 1.599 Straw, tons 41
Butter, ctls 230 Pelts, bdls 9o
Cheese, ctls S3 Wine, gals 49,150
Tallow, ctls 2S) Leather, rolls ... 45
Potatr.es. sks ... f,2r. Lime, bbls 162
Onions, sks 500 Powder, bxs 183
Bran, sks 1,640 Hides. No 289
Middlings, sks .. 6 Silver, flsks 132
OREGON.
Flour, qr tka 12,374!8ran, ska „. 400
Wheat, ctlß l,sß«iOats, ctls 891
Hay. tons SO | Middlings, ska .. 'V 500
Shorts, eka .-..;;. I,lo2 .Potatoes, ska ;... 6.773
Barley, ctls ..... 6.141 Wool,' bales ..... 8
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 11.4041 Bran, sks ....... 300
Wheat, ctls ...... l,o«|Hops, bales ..... CO
Potatoes, .-ks .... 7551
EASTERN. ,: ,
Corn, ctls 4fN>| I
UTAH.
Hay. tons 40 ...*....
■ * »
THE STOCK_MARKET.
Mining stocks opened the week with a slight
decline.
Local securities were moderately active. The
principal fluctuation was an advance In Oceanic
Steamship to $56.
The Opohongo Mining Company of Utah has
levied an assessment of 1 cent per share, de
linquent June 10.
The North Mercur Mining Company of Utah
has levied an assessment of 1 cent per share,
delinquent June 24.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Bul
lion Mining Company will be held to-day.
The Mammnth Mining Company of Utan has
declared a dividend of f> cents per share,
amounting to $20,000, payable June 1. To dat»
the -Mammoth has declared dividends aggre
gating ?i.:v, vl (i.
Weekly report! from the leading mines are
as follow;-:
Consolidated California and Virginia. 1530
level— From the north drift skirting along the
footwall from the incline up-raise at a point
178 feet on the stope above this level, 70 feet
In from its mouth, east crosscut No. 3 has
been advanced 13 feet, passing through por
phyry streaked with quartz, assaying $1 per
ton: total length. 61 feet. From the Incline
up-raise No. 1 at a point 112 feet above the sill
floor of this level from the south drift at a
point 300 feet in from its mouth near the end
of the east crosscut the north drift opposite
the south drift has been advanced 17 feet,
passing through quartz assaying $1 and $S per
ton; total length, 60 feet. 1650 level— In
cline up-raise No. 1 at a point 60 feet- above the
sill floor of this level from the south drift
skirting along the footwall which la In a total
length of 178 feet we are repairing and retlm
bering the drift. From the old east crosscut
on the sill floor of this level at a point 93 feet
in from Its mouth from the »-raise carried up
15 feet above the sill floor^we have worked
north along the east drift in quartz showing
streaks and bunches of ore. From these open
ings we have extracted 33 tons of ore assaying
per mine car samples $19 30 per ton. Have also
extracted from this part of the mine 48 tons of
I low grade ore, the sample taken from cars
i when raised to the surface was $7 51 per ton.
1750 level— the eleventh floor from the north
drift from the east drift at a point 28 feet
: in from its mouth a north drift is In a total
j length of IS feet; from which we have worked
| north and south on the twelfth floor through
| old ground of former workings, from which
we saved 13 tons of ore assaying $45 47 per
| ton. The total extraction of ore for the week
I amounted to 46 tons, the average assay value
i of which, per samples taken from the cars
;at the surface, was $26 69 per ton. Shipped
I to the Morgan mill during the week 436 tons
and 810 pounds of ore, assaying per railroad
car samples, $31 61 per ton. The average assay
value (per battery samples) of all the ore
i worked at th» mill during the week (580 tons)
! was $27 53 per ton.
Sierra Nevada, Rlley tunnel— During the
week we stoped out from the third and fourth
floors 191 mining car loads of ore. The assay
value bf car samples were as follows: Gold.
$40 75; silver, 13 ounces per ton. At a point
£0 feet in the west crosscut was advanced 24
i feet; total length. 36 feet; face in a mixture
j of clay, quartz and porphyry, with a seepage
of water from the face. On the POO foot level
of the Union shaft working of the Sierra Ne
vada, went crosscut No. 6. at a point 100 feet
north from crosscut No. 5, was advanced 15
feet; total length 116 feet; face in . porphyry
; with a strong flow of water.
The official letter from the Alta mine for the
; past week says: "The north intermediate
I drift above the 940 level was driven 28 feet;
! total length. 70 feet; material in the face Is
'■ vein porphyry, carrying stringers of. quartz
which assay from $6 to $19 per ton. Will finish
timbering and excavating the winze station
to-morrow, and begin sinking Monday. Have
| had two men in the stopes during the week,
I from which we extracted 12 mine car loads
i of ore. which assayed $3S 14 per ton."
Brunswick — Consolidated California and
Virginia. Best and Belcher and Gould and
Curry. 600 level— The joint south drift from
the station has been advanced 22 feet; total
length, 780 feet; face in porphyry. The shaft
has been sunk 15 feet on the incline; total
! depth. 1084 feet; bottom in porphyry and
stringers of quartz. The Joint west crosscut
started from the south drift at a point GOO feet
from the station was advanced 17 feet; total
length 104 feet; face in porphyry. Sutro tun
nel lftvel — Joint north drift from the Sutro tun
i nel has been cleared out and repaired a I dis-
I tance of 22 feet; total length. 42 feet.
Occidental . Consolidated— The official letter
! for the past week pays: . 730 level— The up
j raise from the west crosscut was advanced l"i
feet, through quartz with bunches of fair
grade ore; total. 31 feet. The winze In the
\ north drift from the west crosscut No. 1 has
been sunk 7 feet: total depth. 10 feet. The
bottom show? bunches of pay ore.
The Virginia Chronicle says: "Beginning
to-morrow (May 22) and every Sunday there
! after,- all work will be suspended on the
! Brunswick lode. This is In compliance with
i an order from the San Francisco manage
i ment, but whether Issued for the purpose of
, economizing or through a recently acquired
! religious sentiment was not stated."
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. May 23—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas ..47H 49
4s quar c0up..109%Ul Pae Gas Imp.. 86 —
4s quar reg. ..108 109 Pac LCo 50' i —
4s quar new. . .121V«1*2V2 S F O & E....86!-. —
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3*4 —
Cal-st <.'ab 55. 114% — Stock Oas 12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... 99 100 F.rem's Fund. l9o —
I>up-st ex c... — 98>i Bank Stocks —
E L & P 65..126H— |An«Io-Cal .... — 65
F & Cl Ry fis 112"^ — IBank of Ca1... 243 245
Geary-st R ss. — 98 Cal SD & T.. 96 —
HC & S 5i- 25..2 5.. 100 105 First Nat ....205 —
L A L Co 6s. — 100 Lon, PSc A.. — 130
Do gntd 65.. — mo Mer Exchange 10 15
Mnrket-st 65.. — 126 Nev Nat 8.... 152^160
Do Ist M te.U2%ltt% Pavings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 97Vfe Ger S & L.. — 1660
NCNc Ry 7s. 103 — Hum 9 & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 107 — Mutual Saw — 42tf
N Ry Cal 55..100 Vi — S F Say U.. — 600
NPC R R 6s. 106 — S & L 50.... — 100
NPC R R 55.100 — Security S B 250 —
Oak Gas .'5...100 — Union T Co. 955 —
DO 2d Is 55.. 10714 10RM; Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 123**123% California ....108 109' i
p& o f.s nn — Geary 40 —
P&CI Ry 6s. 107 — Market-st 51H 51*4
Powell-Ft 65. ..116 — Presidio 8 9
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder-
Sac Elecßyte.loo — California ....115 150
SF & N P 55.106%107 E Dynamite ..85 —
Sierraßi'al 6s. — 102>i Giant Con Co. 434 44
S P of Ar 59..103 103 U. Viforit 3 Shi,
S P Cal 65... .— 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is cc 55.. — 96 Al Pac Assn.. 92% 93*4
S P Br 65. ...109%— Or Ld Wks.,llo —
S V Wat Bs. ..llfi^ll" 1*;1 *; Hana PCo ... 10 —
S V Wat 45... 102 102H H C & S Co.. 18 7 4 19
Stork Gas 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co.4SH —
Water Storks— M p r Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 55 — Nat Yin C 0... — T
Marin Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 56 56V»
Spring Vaney.loo«4loo%;Pac A F L.. l%i —
Gas At Electric— | Pac Bot Co .. — 10H4
Cent Gaslight. los — !Par Paint Co. 7 —
Mutual El Co. 11 12
Morning Session.
100 Hawaiian Com and Sugar Co 18 50
225 do do 18 621J
25 Hutchlnson S P C 0..... 4' 00
in S F Gas and Electric Co 86 50
35 Spring; Valley Water ......10050
. ■ Afternoon Session.
25 Hawaiian Com & Sugar C 0... 18 62%
50 do. do 18 75
150 do do : 18 87*4
45 Hutchlnson S P Co 43 25
45 Market-street Railway Co 51 75
20 S F Gas and Electric Co SS 75
345 Oceanic S S Co .... 56 00
10 Presidio Railroad 8 25
25 Sprin Valley Water- 100 25
$3000 S P of A Bonds ....103 25
$3000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s b0nd5.. ...... ....102 00
INVESTMENT BOARD. .
« Morning Session.
10 Oceanic S S Co : 66 00
Street—
10 Oceanic S S Co .....55 62*4
30 do do .....*.... 65 50
50 Hutchlnson S P Co ...48 00
Afternoon Session. ■ ,"•
40 S F Gas and Electric Co 8625
10 do do ........  86 50
25 Spring Valley Water ....100 50
' Street—
110 Hawaiian Com and Sugar Co 18 62%
100 do do .. ... .....1375
100 Hutehinson S P Co 48 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the i sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: i ■
Morning Session.
600 Alta 11 100 Hale & Norcrss. 77
100 Belcher ..08 100 Mexican . ... 19
700 Best & Belcher. 23 SO Occidental ...... 80
200 Caledonia 15 Ophir ........... 34
200 Challenge ...... 07 200 Potosi ... ....19
800 Chollar .'. .13 400 Sierra Nevada.. 45
400 Con Cal & Va.. 46,200 Savage .......... 10
100 Crown Point ... 08 [600 Union Con ...... 09
800_Gould_&_Curry. 17,400 Yellow Jacket .'.'<; 20
~ : Afternoon ' Session.  .
100 Alta 12,200 Con Cal; & Va.. 45
100 Best & Belcher. ; 25 200 Overman ....:..." 07
100 Challenge :...... 06 50 Sierra Nevada.. 50
100 Chollar 14
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
• Morning Session.
200 Alta ........:..... 12 200Ophfc ........... 34
300 Best & . Belcher. 27 300 Potosi la
800 Challenge ;. 08 200 ...... 18
200 Chollar ..:'..::.... 14 600 Savage ........... 10
150 Con Cal & Va.. 46 200 Sierra Nevada... :47
800 :....U. .......... 47 200 -v. 4$
200 Confidence 40 300 Union Con .:.... 09
mo Gould & Curry.. 20 300 Utah 04
200 .....: ............ -13 200 Yellow Jacket.. s 21
500 Mexican .... - : :.'"; 19
Afternoon Session. .
400 Alta ............. 12 1 1000 Justice ......... 09
300 Belcher 081500 Mexican 19
100 Best ; & . Belcher. •25 600 Overman v . . . 07
300 Challenge ...07 600 Sierra ■ Nevada.. 50
200 Chollar -..:-.:...•.. 15 200...... ..:.:.'...:.; 52
800 Con Cal & Va.. 45 200 Union Con 1 ;;.. - 10
t 100 Gould .* Curry.. 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, May 23—4 p. in.
Bid.Aek. , Btd.Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Julia — 02
A!la 11 12 Justice 09 10
Andes 07 OS Kentuck — 01
Benton — 05 Lady Wash ... — 02
Belcher 07 OS M-x'ican 19 20
Best & Belcher 25 26 Ophlr 35 36
Bullion 05 06 Overman 07 08
Caledonia 12 15 Potosl 13 19
£hollar 14 15 1 Savage 08 09
Challenge 06 07 Seg Belcher ..05 0«
Con Cal & Va. 45 46 Scorpion — 02
Confidence _ 40 Sierra, Nevada. 51 62
Con Imperial . — 01 Silver Hill 05 06
Crown Point ..08 C* Syndicate — 04
Con New York. - 01 Standard —1 55
Eureka _ Jfi rm | O n Con .... 09 10
Exchequer — OS Ptah 04 05
Gould & Curry. IS 2" Yellow Jacket.. 21 23
Hale & Norcrs. 76 7S
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George W. Hatman to Mary J. Hatman. lot
on 8 line of Filbert street, 105:0^ W of Frank
lin. \V 25 by S 137:6; also lot on S line of Fil
bert street. 155:0% \V of Franklin. W H9:il\ by
S 137:6; also lot on N line of Filhart street, ISS
E of Gough, E 12.".:6 by N US; Kilt.
George W. and Mary J. Hatman Jo Catherine
E. Andrew, lot on N line of l'r.i.>n street, 132:6
W of Franklin. \V 27:6 by N 137:6: gift.
.Same to Wllhelmina A. Ste-U\ lot on N iine
of Union street. 220 W of Franklin, W 6O:u3i
by N 137:6: flit.
Same to Frank C. Hatman, lot on S line of
Filbert street, 130:0% \V of Franklin, W 25 by
S UT:«; ,-ift.
David Samson to Eva Samson, lot on \\ line
of Central avenue (Lott). 50 S of Hayes street,
S 25 by W 93:3, quitclaim deed; 110.
Joseph S. Aifderson to Nellie M. AndersuD.
lot on 3 line of Clay street. 37:6 E of Walnut.
E 2,", by S 102:8 Vi; gift.
Golda Alexander and Bettle Lowenberg to
Charles Rothschild, lot on B line of Washing
ton street. 179:8 E of Cherry. E 35:6, S 118:11.
W 35:5, N 114:4*; $5.
Katherlne Mandevllla to Joseph Levy, lot on
E line of Folsom street, 273 N of Twenty
second, N 38 by E 122 :«; $10.
J. E. Shaln to Thomas and Harriet Wyatt,
lot on W line of Valencia street. 160 S of
Twenty-third. 8 40. W 160:5%; N 40:4. E 146:3.
Thomas Wyatt to Harriet Wyatt. same; gift.
Henry T and Emma M. Mitchell to Jennie
Clawson. lot on W line of Douglass street. 2b :6
M of Elizabeth, N 25 by W 100. lot 104. Heyraan
Elizabeth Frantzkee and Fanny Schuldt to
Harriet Eden, re-record of 1360 d 180. lot on
E line of Ritch street, 200 S of Folsom. Ss Jo
by E 80; $10.
B G. Chandos et al. and estate of Monroe
Greenwood (by R. I. Whelan. sheriff) to Real
Estate and Development Company, lot on St.
corner of Potrero avenue and El Dorado
street, S 50 by E 100; also lot on E line of Fo
trero avenue. 50 S of El Dorado. S 40 by E 100:
also lot on E line of Potrero avenue, 90 S of
El Dorado, S 51:6 by E 100; $375.
Sarah E. Hardest}- et al. and estate of Mon
roe Greenwood (by same) to same, lot on NE
corner of Potrero avenue and El Dorado street,
N 25 by E 200; $149.
A. E. Ball et al. and estate of Monroe Green
wood by same to same, lot on E line of Po
trero avenue, 45 S of Center street, S 22 by E
100; also lot on E line of Potrero avenue. 200
N of Santa Clara street. N 25 by E 100; also
lot on NE corner of Potrero avenue and Santa
Clara street, N H by E 100; $256.
Pt. Pauls Church to St. James Mission of
Protestant Episcopal Church, lot on S line of
Clement street. 32:6 E of Sixth avenue, E 50
by s ion; «.
David Samson to Eva Samson, lot on N line
of A street, 67:1 W of Nineteenth avenue, W
25 by N 100 (quit-claim dfed); $10.
W. H. Mulcahy to William H. and Lulu K.
Kolkmann, lot on E line of Eighth avenue, 100
S of A street, S 125 by E 12(>: $10.
\V. V. and Marie L. Huntington to Herman
A. Pless. lot on W line of Fifteenth avenue,
125 N of B street. N 25 by W 127:6; $10.
The Painter-Cornell Company to John A.
Russell, lot 563, gift map 3; $10.
M. A. Mfior to Patrick Hallinan, lot on SW
l!n<? of Sixth nvenue, 50 SE of L street, Xff
50 by EFW 100, lot 167, block 121, Central Park
Homestead; ?rant.
Alameda County.
John R. Glascock to Louis and Abraham Ber
covieh, Marks and Edward Markovlts, lot on
E line of Jackson street, ion S of Second, E
150 by S 100. block 12. Oakland; $10.
Mary E. Murray to Adolph F. Kreye, lot
on NW line of Lewis avenue, 50 SW of Pros
pect street, SW 50 by NW 125, being lot 14,
block 3, East Oakland Heignts, East Oakland;
$10.
A. F. and Tlllle Kreye to M. F. Murray,
same. East Oakland: $10.
The McCarthy Company (a corporation) to
Walton Saunders, lots IS and 19, block 3,
Broadway Terrace Tract, subject to mortgage,
Oakland Township: $10.
Frank M. and Hose H. Wilson to Earll Webb,
lot 13, block 14, Daley's Scenic Park Tract,
Berkeley; $10. :
I Samuel H. and Jennie Clawson to Emma M.
1 Mitchell, lot on W line of Walnut street. 100 !
' N of San Jose avenue, N 50 by W 100, block j
j L, lands adjacent to Enclnal. subject to a :
mortgage for $900, Alameda; $10.
John H. and Luplla Lange to Isabella Car- !
Pinter (wife of Lewis), lot on SE line of Nine- \
teenth avenue, 35 .-.vV of East Twenty-sixth
street, SW 70 by SE 117:6. block 84, Northern
Addition to Brooklyn, East Oakland: also lot
on SW Une of East Twenty-sixth street, 117:6
SE of Nineteenth avenue. SE 30 by SW 140,
block 84. samp. East Oakland; $1000.
Jane and John B. , Moore to Harvey D. Aus
tin lot on NW corner of Dwindle and Fulton
streets, W 160 by N 132:6, block 7, Case Tract,
Berkeley: $20.
Mary Edge to W. J. Weatherly. lots 29 to 32.
block B, Frultvale Tract, Brooklyn Township;
also lots 11 and 12, block C, Huntington Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
George Edge (by commissioner) to same, lots
29 and 30, block B, Fruitvale Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $200.
Same (by sheriff) to same, lots 31 and "2,
block B. Frlutvale Tract, Brooklyn Township;
also lots 11 and 12. block C, Huntington Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $536.
; Alonzo and -Mary Slimmon to E. J. Prlngle
Jr. all interest In lot on E line of Chapln
street, 50 S of Pacific avenue. E 75 by S 50.
block 2, Chapln Tract. Alameda; $10.
J. P. Fan-ell to Llzette C. Farrell, lot on S
line of Alameda avenue, 148 E of Union street,
E 49 by S 160, being lot 5, block 5, Bartlett
Tract. Alameda; gift.
W. P. and Ada L. Redlngton to same, lot on
BE line of Oakland avenue where same Is In
tersected hv the rrolr.ncßti.~n NW of S~F, boun
dary line of lot S3. block D. lands of Oakland
View Homestead Association, thence SW 55, :
PE 104. N'\ 59. NW 120 to bec!nnin«r. block D,
Lands Oakland View Homestead Association,
C- xland: Jin. .
VcntJiin View Cemetery Association to Clark
S Dowe, lot 29, In plat 36, Mountain View '
Cemetery. Oakland Township: $123.
Paolo CarrOMO to Vincf-nzo • Devincenzi, lot !
on N line of Erie street. 252.42 E of Telegraph j
avenue E 52.04. N 110.50. W 52. S 108.30 to be
ginning, being lot 6, Linden Homestead, Oak
land Annex: $10.
Fred Boysen to P. Bokarlza, lot on S line of
Harmon street, 350 W of Calais street, W 50 j
by S 135, being lot 15. block B. Harmon Tract,
Berkeley: $10.
Lucy F. Packer, Alice M. Conner. Mrs. Fran
cis Field, Ellen G. Hatch and Louisa Toas
pern (all by attorney) to Susan F. Condon, lots
3. 4 and 10. block 9. Fitchburg Homestead lots,
Brooklyn Township, quitclaim deed; $5.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May. 1898.
Mo
I
Tu. We
3 4
10 II
ir a
M 25
Try
6
12
13
2tJ
Th
Fr. ISa.
«> ; I ; /Oi *ul! Moo.i.
— ' W May 5.
___ __ /fa- Last Quarter
■M ,21 Ai- M.ay 12.
r^iTwS New Moon.
"I * W May .
j -mFlist Qviare.r
i !J> May 23.
1 Moon> Phases.
23
3J
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Franoisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
frep of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and ali matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The tlmeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day tram
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the timeball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. is
published the snme day by the afternoon papers
and by the morning papers the following day.
C. P. WELCH. Ensign. U S. N.. in Charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Grays Harbor Lisht Station.
Office of the United States LUh'house Board.
Washington. D. C, May 17, IS9S.
Notice is hereby Riven that ori or about June
30, 1898. a light of the third order, flashing red
and white alternately, interval between
flashes 5 seconds, will be established In rnt
tower recently erected on a low sand du^e on
Point Chehalis. about li miles to ttw south
ward of Its extreme northerly end, on the south
sif.t of the entrance to Grays lla:b">r.
The focal plane of the llgnt will be 11» feet
above mean high water and 92' i teat above
the base of tlie tower, and the HgMt should be
seen 11 S9 miles in Hear weather, ihe observer's
eye 15 feet above the sea.
The light will illuminate the entire h->rizcn.
The tower is a cement-colored, octagonal,
pyramldical. brick structure, surmounted by a
white watch room and service room and a
black lantern.
The tower has a small cement, colored work
room at Its base. A cement-colored oil house,
with brown roof, stands SO feet to the north
ward and another the same distance to th<;
southward of the tower. A light gray, one-
Ftory, frame fog signal house and a windmill
stand about 100 feet to seaward of ttie tower.
The dwellings, barn and other buildings of the
station are not visible from seaward.
The approximate geographical position of the
tower, as taken from chart No. 6195 j»t the
United States Coast and Geodetic Burvcv. Is:
Latitude, North, 46 deg. 53 it; In. 1C tec.
Longitude. West, 134 deg. 07 mln. IS *cc.
Bearlnffß and distance* of prominent ohj»o«
from the tower, aa taken from the charts
o' the i 'nited States Coast and Geodetic 6ur-
Willapa Bay Lighthouse, SE by S, 10*4 mile*.
Grays Harbor Whistling, Buoy, s\V- by W ■£
W, *% miles. -
Copalls Head, SW by N. 16 miles.
Due notice of the establishment of the teg
signal will be given. '
Bearings are magnetic and triven approxi
mately: miles are nautical miles.
This notice affects the List of Lignts and Tot
Signals, Pacific Coast, 18»7. page 26. No. 1137,
and the List of Beacons and Buoys. Paolflo
Coast, 1897, nages 57 and 62. By order of th«
Lighthouse Board
FREDERICK V. M:NAIR,
Commodore, U. S. Navy, Chairman.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United Stat»s Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MAY-im
Tuesday, May 2*.
*nn rt«"« .... 4:S»
Sunsets T:3l
Moon •'et*... 10:44 p. m
>"■ '■••■" p T .T:"'Feet !Tl l : L R !
S'H \V. L W H W:
IL W
-4 :t i
'!> 1-M
»: 1 :.Mi
27 251
iS *:!?',
i» l w;
t»\ 0:11
5.11 . :M( —> 5] :t:K)
4!ij -1:32 CO 4:14
4. ? , l <):14 03 ,4:47
41' 9:57 0.71 5:21 !
.H 8 111: 43 11 s:.'*
H W L. W
-'.5! 5:44 3.5 11:31
4:<l 7:«il!
4.4] 8:44
461 »:M
4.7 f U:M
4.<
H W
15 fi:3l
NOTE.— In the above exposition of tne tidea
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
duy in the order of occurrence as to time. Th«j
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three, tides, an sometimes occur*. The height*
given are additions to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* of
reference Is the mean of the lower low w«t»r«.
SIIiAIIKKS TO AItKIVB.
STRAMBK.
I
Alteeßlanchard
Fulton :
Peter Jebsen . . . ;
Zealnndia I
Orizaba j
Coiurnoia !
Fnnta Kohi —
Mackinaw
Senator
Moririn City...
Alliance
Empire.
Ningchow :
I Walla Wa11a.... i
j Coos Ray . •■■ j
: State or Cal I
. China.
j Chllkat-
i Pomona
; Cres^m Cltv
: San Bias
Aroar ■-
Welllnsrton
North F0ra.....
; Oregon
: Homer
Yaquin.l Bay
! Portland ....
■ Nanaimo '
I Honolulu
i Humooliit
I Porti.-iaa
Pan Dtf>eo
Taeoma
Pusrst Sound
Alaska
Portland
Coos Bar-
Comox
I Victoria & Pue-et Sound . .
j Newpors „
i Foruana
"him ana Japan
Eel River
San Dietro
Orescent Cltv
Panama „
Coos Bay
Departure Bay
■lumooidt
Portland
Newport :...
! May 25
May 25
May 25
May 25
May 25
May 28
May 28
May 23
May 27
May 27
May 23
May 28
May 23
May .'9
M.iv 2U
May 29
May 29
May 29
May 80
May 81
May 31
STEAMERS TO SAUL.
STKAMKR. I
:atioxi
Sails.
Arcata . .-
i Norm Pork
I Orejron —
i Homer
! Tillamook.
' City Puebla
Fulton
■ Orizaba- ..
i Columbia..
Sanii ßosa
' Colon
. Doric
Qrce Dollar
Alliance....
Coo* tia.-.. i
! Chlik.at... I
; State of Ca>
I PomoDi..
| Walla Wll.-i
Coos Bay
Humboidt ...
Portlana
Newport
Alaska
! Vie & Pet Sna
| Oregon Ports.
■ HumDoUit ....
! Portland
i *an Diego —
Panama
C'Mna&Japan .
.Alaska I
f uiret Sound.
Newport
Humboidt.. ..
Portland.-
Shu Diego-...
Vie 4 Put Snd
May 2«, 10 am | Pier M
May 24. 9am | Pier 2
May 24. 10 am; Pier 12
May 25. a am ' Pier 11
Mar 25 I
May 28. 10 am Pier 9
May 26. 9am '..
May 2ti. 10 am Pier »
May 2r. 10 am Pier U
May 27. 11 am Pier 11
May 28. li m PM S3
May 28. 1 pm PM S3
I May "-'\
May 23. 9 AM
May 2H. 9 am Pier 11
May S9. 2 PM Pier 13
May 30. 10 a_m I Pier U
May 81. 11 A> I Pier 11
May SI. 10 am 1 Pier 9
THE TIME BALI*
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. 3. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. May
23. IS9S.
The lime ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — i. c., at noon jof th»
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Granwlch
time. C. P. WELCH,
Ensign, U. S. N., In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGEKCU.
ARRIVED.
Monday, May n.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, 76 hours from Newport.
Stmr Westport, Hansen, 65 hours from Hue
i Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen. 6? hours from Coos
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, 8? hours from Coos
Bay.
Bktn George C Perkins, Mau, 18 days from
Kahulut.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, 7 hours from Bo
i dega.
Schr Wing and Wing, Blmmle, 4 days from
; Coos Bay.
Sehr Kettle Sundborg, Johnson, 60 hours from
; New Haven.
Schr Edward Parke. Johnson. 80 hours from
Usal.
Schr C H Merchant, Olsen, 60 hours from Fort
' Bragg.
bchr Neptune, Estvold. 21 hours from Usal.
Schr Compeer, Larsen, 37 days from San Mar
; cos Islands. . v:. .:". -.'.."..'.--■ '-.Ldi ■•■-■
CLEARED.
Monday, May 73.
! Stmr Oregon. Stephens, Astoria: Oregon Hail
road and Navigation Co.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego; Ooodall,
! Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Ship Two Brothers, Wilson, Ninilmo; estate
I of Samuel Blair.
' Schr Chetco, Anderson, St Michael; Yukon
Commercial Co.
Schr Harriet G, Wayland, St Michael; J A
Wayland.
SAILED.
Monday, May 73.
.. Stmr Pomona, Debnev. San Diego.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson. Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendoclno.
Ship Two Brothers, Wilson, Nanaamo.
Schr Bender Brothers. Wetzel.
1 Schr Louisa D, Johnston, Kotzebuo Sound.
Schr Chetco, McLean, St Michael.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 23—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, NW; velocity, 24 miles.
CHARTERS.
The W H Dimond loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Aryan loads sugar at Honolulu for New
York. ! I
The Loudon Hill loads wheat at Portland or
Tacoma for Europe. -__
MEMORANDUM. ■
Per schr Wing and Wing— May 20 at ! p. m.
off Mendocino in a strong S SE gale carried
away rudder head.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA — Sailed May "3 — Stm Columbia, for
San Francisco; Btmr Tordenskjold. for .
Arrived May 23 — bark Andaman, from
Algoa Bay; Nor stmr Bogstad. from Chefoo;
stmr State of California, hence May 21.
TACOMA— Sailed May 22— Stmr Senator, for
San Francisco; stmr City of Seattle, for .
. ALBlON— Sailed May 23— Stmr Cleone, for
San Francisco. '
GREENWOOD— SaiIed May Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed May 23— B M itmr
Icarus, for Esquimau.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 23— Schr Emi^a
Utter, hence May 9. • . _
SEATTLE— Arrived May 23— Schr Eclipse, ho
■; Sailed May 23— Schr Corona for St Michael.
POINT ARENA— Arirved May 23— Stmr Alca
traz, from Newport.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 22-Schr Jen
nie Stella, hence May 7; schr Glendale, henc*
M ASTORIA— May 23— Stmr Lakma. for
Se pORT LUDLOW— May 22— Brit Fresno
May 23— Schr Challenger.
fO TATOO^H-Passed May 22— Bktn C C Funk,
from Port Blakeley. for Melbourne. May 23-
Stmr Morgan City, from Seattle, for San Fran-
Cl EUREKA— Arrived May Schr Mabel Gray.
6 Ma"/ 23-Schr Maggie C Riiw. for New
port- stmr Orizaba, for San Francisco; stmn
Samoa for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— Arrived May 21— Ship , Ja.be*
Howes from New York.
- Sailed May 21— Bark St Katherir.a, for Van
couver.
FO: EIGN PORTS.. I
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived May 11—
ship Vincent, from Table Bay.
MANILA— Sailed April 13— bark Mary A
Troop, for Puget Sound. •
HULL— Sailed May 22— Br ship Falls of Hal
ladale. for San Francisco.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived May. ?o— Ger ship
Othmarschen, . hence March 8.
HAVRE— Arrived May 22— bark Inveroeill,
hence Jan 16. • ■
FALMOUTH— May 22-Br Dark Gal
gorm, from Astoria. . ■
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
Of Locarno, Switzerland, and
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAVINGS BANK,
524 Montgomery street, San Fr 3 - 1101^ 0^ ™
Paid up capital and reserves ,•■«*,•,„
A General Savings and Commercial Banking
business transacted.
Interest paid on savings deposits.
Loans on approved real estate security ana
on commercial paper.
DIRECTORS:
Ernst A. Denicke. A. Sbarboro. J. C. MM,
E. Martlnoni, F. C. Slebe, A. Tognazzlnl, H.
Brunner. McD. R. Venable, J. C. Bauer F.
Kronenberg. Chas. Martin. C. Oehret. P. To«-
nazzlnU 8. Gr&adl. Q« Rottanal.HORSES WILL
BE DONATED
Oakland Light Cavalry
Rapidly Growing.
GOVERNMENT WILL ASSIST.
FOLLOWING THE EXAMPLE OF
THE PAST GENERATION.
Equipments Wi3l be Supplied to
the Men at One-Fourth
Their Cost in the
Market.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 23.
The Oakland Light Cavalry is rapidly
Increasing in membership and in a short
time will be fully equipped with accou
terments and horses. They received in
formation to-day from the Government
headquarters that the necessary' Baddies
and harness for the 'horses, which under
ordinary circumstances would cost $32,
will be supplied to the light cavalry for
one-quarter of this amount.
Walter Morosco has promised to supply
all of the cavalry with horses, and as
there are now nearly sixty members,
his obligation will not be slight.
The Government will supply part of the
equipment, and headquarters will be
opened at once. The men have enrolled
on the understanding that on an emer
gency call they will join the regular
army as individuals, although they will
make every effort to serve as a unit, if
possible. The company will practice daily
with their carbines and sabers, and as
most of the members have had some mil
itary experience the cavalry will soon be
in a state of efficiency.
Those enrolled up to the present time
are: Will D. Powers, Ben Woolner, Dave
Roscoe, Carl Wood, P. M. Walsh, Phil
Harding. Charles Faucett, Charles Bates,
Will Dean, Alf Boardman, Lon Agrnow,
Klehard B. Ayer. H. S. Pugh, Abe P.
Leach, Harry W. Thomas, Charles S.
Pugh, Marston Campbell, Dr. J. J. Med
roßO. J. T. McDowell, A. A. Moore Jr.,
B. F. Boyden, F. C. Jordan, G. S. Pierce,
F. S. Watson. E. R. Jackson, Robert A.
Jackson. H. B. Lombard, P. C. Black, E.
C. Lefflngwell, Justice Frederick C. Clift,
Clarence Crowell, J. L. Travis, William
B. Pringle, C, B. Bates, Beach Soule, C.
F. Johns, 11. W. Pulcifer, J. H. Dieck
man, A. M. Campbell. Beverly Deane, A.
A Sawyer, F. A. Seymour, Ben F. Wool
ner, Thomas Bradley, Ross Bromley,
George Austin and Harry Newton.
The officers are: E. C. Lefflngwell, cap
tain; A. A. Moore Jr. and H. S. Pugh,
first lieutenants; Abraham Leach, sec
ond lieutenant; Dr. J. J. Medrose, sur
geon.
The cavalry is organized on the same
principle as the celebrated Oakland
Guard, which came into existence in 1861
on the outbreak of the Rebellion. Many
?e who organized at that time have
1 away, while some are parents of
those now enlisted in the light cavalry.
Like the light cavalry, the old guard
represented the flower of Oakland's
young manhood of its day, and eventu
ally became Company C of the First In
fantry, and later Company A of the
Fifth.
SIBERIAN TRADE GROWING.
Six Vessels Left for the Amoor River
During the Past Month.
Fan Francisco's trade with Siberia is
growing by leaps and bounds. Last year
two or three vessels were sufficient to
carry all the freight that was offering,
while during- this last month or six weeks
the barkentines Addenda and J. M. Grif
leths, the barks Edward, May and Wilna
and the steamers Taifu and Ailsa Craig
have all left for the Amoor River. Their
cargoes mainly consisted of flour, salt,
lumber and general merchandise.
Meyer Kahn. an employe of Reis Bros.,
Butter street, was treated at the Harbor
Receiving Hospital yesterday for injuries
received on an elevator. Reis Bros.'
freight elevator opens onto the street, and
Kahn has been in the habit of ridingonthe
elevator and opening the doors as he went
up. Yesterday the doors were locked,
and as Kahn could not stop the elevator
he got a crushing that will keep him in
bed for a month. Doctors Deas and Dig
glns, who treated Kahn's wounds, say
that his escape from death was marvel-
ous.
The steamer Dirigo, which was built for
the Klondike trade, has gone into retire
ment In Oakland Creek to ay.-ait the be
ginning of the rush to the Yukon via St.
-Michael.
The schooner Wing and Wing had a
hard time of it on the way down the
coast. On the 20th inst. she was caught
in a heavy south-southeast gale, and her
rudder head was carried away. Jury
steering gear was rigged, and vrith it
the schooner was brought into port.
The California and Northwestern Trad-
Ing Company's new river steamer Clara
had a very successful trial trip last Sun
day. A barge to carry the Clara is now
being completed and when everything is
ready the Fteamer will be lifted bodily
onto the barge and secured there. Then
the steamer Samoa will tow both barge
and stern wheeler to the mouth of the
Yukon. There the Clara will be launched
and will tow the barge up the river to
Dawson.
Richard Morrlssey, a boiler maker at
the Rlsdon Iron Works, received injuries
yesterday, .while at work, which may end
fatally. An iron bar which should have
been removed from one of the machines
Btruck htm on the neck and back in
flicting severe lacerations and Internal in
juries. He was treated at the Harbor
Receiving Hospital, but was afterward re
moved to St. Mary's.
The City of Peking, with the troops
aboard, will be the center of attraction
to-morrow all sightseers. The steamer
Sunol will make hourly trips to and
around the troopship between the hours
of 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. to-day. The Sunol
is a very comfortable boat, and an outing
on her will be a very pleasant one.
LANDLOBD AND TENANT.
An Interesting Point Sprung in
Judge Low's Court in Mrs.
Jennie Kean's Case.
A novel plea was introduced by Attor
ney Gallagher in Judge Low's court yes
terday in the search warrant case of Mrs.
Jennie Kean for the possession of her per
sona! effects, which were being held by
Jesus Borboa, proprietor of the Spanish-
American Hotel, for non-payment of rent.
Mrs. Kean denies that she is due any
rent, but as she cannot produce her re
ceipts, which she alleges have been stolen
from her trunk, she has nothing to back
up her assertion. Attorney Gallagher
thereupon, after securing evidence to the
effect that no notice was posted up in the
rooms that non-payment of rent wouid
entitle the landlord to a lien on the ef
fects of the occupant, argued that the;
absence of such notice prevented Borboa
from laying claim to Mrs. Kean's effects
till her rent was paid. The plea was new
to the Judge, and as Gallagher promised
to submit authorities in support of his
argument the Judge continued the case
to enable him to produce his authorities.
The point is interesting to all hotei
keepers.
The fight between Mrs. Keen and Bor
boa is a bitter one. Me had her arrested
last week for assault with a deadly
weapon in chasing him with a hatchet
and Judge Low dismissed the case. Then
he had her arrested for malicious mis
chief for breaking in the panel of her
door with a hatchet because he put a
padlock on it to prevent her from remov
ing her effects, and that case has not
yet been decided. Mrs. Kean meantime
obtained a search warrant to recover her
effects, and they are now in the posses
sion of Property Clerk Moran.
St. Markus School Picnic.
The St. Markus Sunday school, in con
nection with St. Markus German school,
O'Farrell street, near Franklin, held its
annual picnic last Saturday, May 21, at
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley. In spite of
the inclemency of the weather about 200
pupils had gathered with their parents
and teachers. Under the direction of Rev.
J. Fuendeling and the assistance of the
principal of the German school. Karl
Henrich, as well as the teachers of the
Sunday school, the pupils spent the day
pleasantly in games. Those who attend
ed enjoyed the cool air while running
races, and the empty lunch baskets told
of the good appetite that prevailed among
the picnickers. Just before the rain set
in at 6:30 o'clock the party returned to tne
city.
HERBERT P. CASE
TIRED OF LIVING.
FLIPPANT NOTE LEFT BY A DE
SPONDENT MAN.
Unable to Secure Bemunerative Em
ployment He Placed the End of
a Rubber Tube in His Mouth
and Asphyxiated Himself.
Herbert P. Case put an end to himself
some time last Sunday night by inhaling
the fumes of illuminating gas at the res
idence of his aged parents, 229 Third ave
nue. , ._
Case was a native of California and 43
years old. He had been out of employ-
I ment several years, and finally concluded
| that life was not worth the living. He
was found dead at half-past 8 . o clock
\ yesterday morning, with one end or th a
; shower bath hose in his mouth and _ the
. other end fastened to the gas burner.
| with the stopcock turned fully on. in a
The deceased left a note written in a
; jocular vein, reading as f oll ° ww v s - 2 , lS9g
SAN FRANCISCO, Ma> Z2, is".
Dear Folk,: As I am no u*e to you on tWs
: earth and can't get a job th ?t £»II p £> me
; anything. I guess I'll get off. I i <£™> 8 w ™Ye
to die first, bo It don't cut . mu f £L o ',? /IfH^fe
T irtipss I am the first to do this act in me
I ?a&ily*and y?u wfll forrfve me. (or Urn better
i Off. Just put me In a common bo x or cremate
me: that is the cheapest and don t th n k of
; hip nnv mare I owe Mehiert a small hill,
! pay if you can and don't blame him Love
jto "all. Give clothes away. I am B tly
°Give it to me Just as you find me. No
! "Wave thought of another thin*. Just tell
Dr. Petre that I died of heart disease It
I "its P unny, but I always kept thinking of
I something. I want to be put in a box just
as you find me. .' - BtKi '
Let her go Gallagher.
This was all the writing left by the
■ unfortunate man to explain the motives
of the suicide. It is not known whether
' the last postscript is a slang phrase or
■ whether it was intended by the writer as
i a request to Autopsy Surgeon Gallagher j
| to dispense with an autopsy on the re
! autopsy yesterday afternoon by
An autopsy yesterday afternoon by
Surgeon Gallagher revealed the cause of
death to have been carbon monoxide
poisoning. ■
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE MEETS, i
Republicans Preparing for a Great
Gathering of the State League.
The executive committee of the Cali
fornia State League of Republican Clubs
met last night in the rooms of the Union
i League Club to make further arrange
i ments for their convention to be held in
i Golden Gate Hall on May 31 and June 1.
A telegram was received from A. H. !
i Breed that Alameda County would send
: 200 delegates. C. S. Laumeister, Asa R.
■ Wells and I. J. Truman were appointed a
committee to select a speaker to deliver
the address of welcome on the opening
day of the convention. The ladies com
posing the Women's Central Republican
cluhs notified the committee of their in
. tention to decorate the convention hall
with flowers.
It was stated at the meeting that the
■ Stato League headquarters would be
opened at the Baldwin Hotel on Satur
day morning, the 28th inst. iJrand Presi
dent A. W. Kinney and State Secretary
; George Francis will be in attendance, and
will enroll the delegates as fast as they
arrive.
Colonel George Stone has made a con
servative estimate of the delegates who
will attend the convention, and from the
communications lie has received on the
subject he places the number at not less
than 902, and it is expected that it will be
the most important convention of Repub
lican clubs ever held in this State.
The members present at the meeting
were: C. S. Laumeister, Asa R. Wells, T.
W. Collins, I. J. Truman, Frank D.
Worth, Colonel George Stone (chairman)
and Z. U. Dodge (secretary).
RED CROSS ITEMS.
Benefit to Be Given at the Oak
land Race Track Fri
day, May 27.
The California Jockey Club and the
Pacific Coast Jockey Club will give a
benefit to the Red Cross Society on Fri
day, May 27, at the Oakland racetrack.
All ladies desiring to sell tickets for the
benefit will please call at the office of the
California Jockey Club, 204 Sutter street,
between 12 noon and 4 p. m.
The following notice is self-explanatory:
"The subscription committee of the Red
Cross Society, finding that people are col
lecting money for the society without any
authorization, do hereby announce that
all subscription books of the society have
been recalled, and people will please give
no further subscription until further
notice be giv-n.
"MRS. F. G. SANBORN,
"Chairman Subscription Committee."
The subscriptions to the Red Cross
movement, including those of yesterday,
now amount to over $20,000.
A meeting of the State Society is called
to meet at the Occidental Hotel at 10
o'clock this morning. Members in neigh
boring towns have been requested by tele
graph to attend.
Dr. Mackenzie made an urgent appeal
for lunches for the soldiers on the city
of Peking, and 11,000 lunches were deliv
ered, under the management of Mrs. C.
S. Wright.
A feature of the benefit at the
racetrack will be a Red Cross race by
soldiers. Regular admission will be $1
and soldiers SO cents.
Tb.e eociety is in urgent need of band
ages, caps, flannels and socks, and re
quest country contributors to respond.
The Native Daughters' Red Cross Aid
is making a large number of caps, and
the Hebrew Orphan Asylum provided mu
sic for the incoming troops yesterday
■ morning. . .
The Red Cross flag and pole on the
1 Claus Spreckels building were given by
i the ladies of the Bella Vista Hotel, and
' D N. and E. Walter donated oilcloth for
i the tables at the ferry.
Companies A and G. regulars, from Al
i aska. were provided with coffee by East
Oakland members yesterday morning.
THROWN FBOM HIS BTJGQY.
Attorney Cohen Dumps Ivy L. Bor
den Into the Road and
Breaks His Leg.
ALAMEDA, May 23.— Ivy L. Borden of
1501 Van Ness avenue, San Francisco,
superintendent of the Alameda Water
Works Company, was upset in his cart
on Broadway late this afternoon and had
one of his legs broken.
An eye-witness gives the following ac- ;
count of the affair: Borden was driving: j
down Broadway, near Eagle avenue, in
a light sulky with a young and spirited
horse, and driving by his side in a buggy
was Alfred 11. Cohen of Fruitvale, son \
of the late A. A. Cohen, the well-known i
attorney. . , , ,„ .
The men were engaged in a spirited
conversation, which was carried on on
the part of Cohen in so loud a voice as
to attract attention. Finally Cohen re
quested Borden "to come out to one side
Und they would soon settle which was the
Itctter man." Burden returned some reply
which was not audible, and then Cohen
reined W« horse toward Borden's.
The vehicles became entangled in such
I a wav that Borden was upset and his
1 leer was broken. An eye witness says
I Cohen was the aggressor.
"I am very sorry that Mr. Borden
! was injured/ said Mr. Cohen to-night
' when seen at his residence. "I feel that
it was all due to his own carelessness.
He nulled hin horse around in such a
manner that his buggy nearly upset mine
and threw me out. When he went over
my horse started and ran down the
street As soon as I could 1 stopped him,
and turning drove back to where Mr.
Borden was standing holding his
horse. I asked. 'Are you hurt, Mr. Bor T
den.' He replied. 'Yea, my leg is broken.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1898.
To tell the truth, I did not believe him,
, but said, 'Get into my buggy and I'll take
you home.' He called me a name— l don't
want it published — and declined to accept
' any aid. Two men came to his assistance,
! and an express wagon was standing near,
j so I thought he was all right and drove
| on home.
"I don't care to say what caused the
j trouble. We had had some words, but
• that does not amount to anything. I cer-
I talnly am sorry that this affair is so
I serious."
Borden's broken leg was set at his
I residence late last night. He was unable
to be interviewed, but a member of the
family said: "It was an unfortunate
affair, and occurred during a dispute over
purely personal matters."
Civil Service Appointment.
Miss Ida M. Stanford of 431 Ellis street
has been appointed by the Civil Service
Commission at Washington as stenog
rapher in the office of the special agents
of the revenue department. Miss Stan
ford passed the examination with flying
colors, standing at the head of the class
and obtaining the high percentage of 92
for typewriting and 87 for stenography.
Miss Stanford is a prominent member of
the Christian Endeavorers and is 24 years
old. *
The Election Commission.
The Election Commission met yesterday
morning to consider further the filling of
the unavoidable vacancies in the lists of
election officers. So much of the ground
was gone over that the work will be fin
ished this morning, to which time the
commission adjourned.
AN ENEMY'S FLAG.
Rules Under Which the United
States Can Employ It.
WASHINGTON May 23.— The dis
patches from Madrid, giving the sharp
debate In the Cortes over the alleged
flying of the Spanish flag by American
warships, created much comment In
naval circles. Spain's protest to the
powers that this use of the flag was
"cowardly and iniquitous" was dis
missed by naval officers with the state
ment that international law writers
agreed on the right to use an enemy's
flag for purposes of deceit, so long as
the flag Is taken down before a shot is
fired. The United States naval regu
lations make specific provision on this
point. The Navy Department recently
issued an editian of Snow's Naval Pre
cedence, a standard work on naval
usage in time of peace and war. In
this the doctrine of the use of the
enemy's flag is stated as follows:
"The regulations cf the United States
navy state that the use of a foreign
flag to deceive an enemy is permissi
ble, but that it must be hauled down
before a gun is fired, and under no cir
cumstances is an action to be com
menced or an engagement fo-ught with
out the display of the national en
sign."
The foregoing rule, both by regula
tion and by the textbooks distributed
to the navy, is a guide for all naval
officers. Practically, the same rule is
applied to the use of an enemy's uni
form.
The statement made b* the Spanish
Minister of the Interior That the Gov
ernment is likely to resort to privateer
ing' does not cause any apprehension
among officials here. One of the high
est authorities of the Navy Department
said Spain would adopt privateering if
she felt it to be to her interest, with
out waiting for this country to give
any pretext for such action. It is felt,
however, that Great Britain. Germany
and France will have considerable to
say in case Spain resorts to privateer
ing. The commerce of these countries
with the United States would suffer
very severely by Spanish privateering,
ard its effect would be far more dis
astrous to these foreign interests than
to the shipping of the United States.
It was this influence of Great Britain,
Germany and France which forced
Spain reluctantly to forego privateer
ing^and it is not thought probable the
foreign influences will now consent to
have their commerce destroyed.
M. ZOLA'S SECOND
TRIAL COMMENCES
Proceeding's at Once Checked by an
Appeal to the Court of
Cassation.
VERSAILLES, May 23.-The second
trial of ML Emile Zola on the charge of
criminal libel, based on the charges
which he broMght against the officers
who conducted the Esterhazy courtmar
tial, commenced in the Assizes Court
here. But few of the general public were
admitted within the precincts of the
court, and rigorous measures were adopt
ed to preserve order. There was no ex
citement on the arrival of the ac
cused.
t M. Labori, counsel for M. Zola, imme
diately questioned the competency of the
court on the ground that the alleged of
fense was committed in Paris, and that
only a Parisian Jury was competent to
try the case.
The'- Procureur-General Bertrand of
the Paris court, who acts as Public Pro
secutor, upheld the 'competency of the
court. He said to M. Labori: "You de
sire to prolong matters, but we intend
to end the case. Be assured that the
country has had enough — do you hear? —
of this perilous agitation."
The court then upheld its competency
to try the case, whereupon M. Labori
announced that he appealed to the Court
of Cassation upon that point.
The trial was then adjourned, pending
the hearing of the appeal. On leaving
the court M. Zola was greeted with erica
of "Down with Zola!" intermingled with
cheers for him and cheers for the army.
RUMORS OF A FRANCO
SPANISH ALLIANCE.
Advance in Spanish Fours Due to a
London Stock Exchange Ro
mance.
LONDON, May 23.— The St James
Gazette this afternoon, in its financial
article, said: In the foreign market
> this morning several leading dealers
: were said to be in possession of ad
vance news of the forthcrrming: an
; nouncement of a Franco-Spanish alli
ance, hence the rise in Spanish 4's. In
! connction with the above, it is cur-
I rently reported that the recent speeches
■ of the Marquis of Salisbury and Jos
| eph Chamberlain did not refer to "West
i Africa, but to this impending alliance,
against which Mr. Chamberlain's allu
sion to an Anglo-American alliance
! was intended as a counter blast.
The strength of silver is attributed
to the prospective purchases to replace
the withdrawals from the Bank of
Spain, amounting to 130,000,000 pesetas
since April 16.
GOVERNOR BUDD NAMES
YOSEMITE COMMISSIONERS
Givens Succeeds Himself and W. Q.
Xerckhoff and W. H. Metzon
Are Given Places.
SACRAMENTO, May 23.— The Governor
to-day appointed the following gentlemen
Commissioners for the Tosemite Valley
and Mariposa Big Tree Grove: Charles
S. Givens of San Francisco, vice self;
W. G. Kerckhoff of Lios Angeles, vice
Johnson; W. H. Metzon of San Francisco,
vice Astruder.
Delivers a Knock-Out Blow.
WHEELING. W. Va.. May 23.—To
night in the arena of the Metropolitan
Athletic Club Oscar Gardner, the "Oma
ha Kid," and Freddie Bogan of San Fran
cisco met in what was to have been a
twenty-round contest for the feather
weight championship of the West, but
the battle was concluded in the twelfth
round, when Gardner landed a knock-out
blow over the heart. Gardner outclassed
his man.
Coal Dealers' Cases.
United States Commissioner Heacock i
took further evidence yesterday in the
civil branch of the prosecutions of the
Coal Dealers' Association, 'i
THE CONTRACT
UNWELCOME
|So Says the Journal of
Commerce Manager.
MUST PRINT THE TAX LIST.
HIS BID WAS LOWEST, THOUGH
.IT WAS NOT GUARANTEED.
A Turn Down for the Occidental
Athletic Club — More About
the Boulevard — Camp
bell's Successor.
The Journal of Commerce will have to
do the printing of the delinquent tax list
whether it wants to or not, unless some
thing intervenes to save it. The Journal
of Commerce waa one of the bidders on
the contract, its bid being 7 cents a name
for poll tax, personal property tax and
real estate, or 21 cents for a name under
the three heads. The bid was low enough,
but before the contract was awarded it
was sought to withdraw the bid on the
ground that the recent fire in Francis,
Valentine & Co.'s printing-house had de
stroyed the means by which the Journal
hoped to carry out the contract.
The next bid above that of the Journal
was the Report's, which was 40 cents a
name. Then came the Post's offer, which
was 43 cents a name. The list must be out
by June 5, and so it was imperative that
the contract should be let, and in view
of these facts the committee recommend
ed that the Report's bid be accepted.
The Board of Supervisors thought dlf- |
ferently, however, and yesterday decided j
that the Journal of Commerce could not ;
withdraw its bid and that it could make
other arrangements besides the one with
Francis, Valentine & Co., and* although
there is no check up to guarantee the ful
fillment of the Journal's contract, still,
the Supervisors are going to hold the
paper to its bid, and will, if possible,
OOflipel it to perform its agreement.
The Occidental Club was another one to
feel the adverse power of the board. It !
wanted a permit for an athletic exhibition :
to be given this month, but the permit
ml denied, although almost with the
same breath permits were granted to the \
National Club for June or July, the Cali
fornia Club and the Manhattan Club. The ;
| Occidental is Herget's club, and Herget
I made the trouble that nearly brought two
of the Supervisors to grief before the ,
Grand Jury.
The change of the name of the boule- i
yard from Balboa to Dewey came up
again under Clinton's motion to recon
sider the vote of last week making the
i change. There were several native sons
i present to protest against the taking
away of the name they had given, but
1 their protests were unavailing. Later
j Clinton tried to bring the matter up
> again by a resolution providing for the
"great -highway" along the ocean the
name of Balboa, but Devany moved to
substitute the name of Lincoln, and then :
| Clinton withdrew his resolution and sub
j sided.
The veto of the Mayor on a bill for $1400
for sewer work on the main sewer south
of the park was sustained by the board
by a close vote. The Mayor believed the
bill to be exorbitant. A veto on the ordi
nance requiring paperhangers to scrape
clean all walls before papering or paint
ing them was also sustained. It was
' found to be a matter for regulation by ■
| the Health Department.
A resolution awarding the contract for
lighting public buildings to the Pacific
Gas and Improvement Company for $1 oO
! per thousand cubic feet was passed, after
j objection by Clinton, who thought the
' rate too high.
Haskins submitted a resolution provid
ing for the immediate consideration of a
1 successor for the late Police Judge Camp
bell but it was decided to postpone the
; matter until the next meeting of the ;
"janes & O'Donnell were retained to col- ;
1 lect all money due from the State to the i
! city during 1898 for the maintenance of ;
indigents. They will receive 30 per cent ;
of the amount obtained.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work of the
Board.
The following is a complete record of
the street improvements that passed the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
sion:
AWARDS OF CONTRACTS.
Laguna. Bay to North Point— Sewering, to
Xortheriy^portlon of the Intersection of La
guna to North Point- Same, to L. C. Wlli.ams.
Lasruna, North Point to a point distant one
hundred feet northerly from Beach— Sewering,
etc., to Fred Leffler.
Church Thirteenth to Hermann— Curbing,
paving, etc. to E. W. Fuller.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION
ORDERING.
Andover and Eugenia— Sewering.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Chattanooga, Twenty-fourth to Jersey—Side
walks.
SUICIDE OF AN ATTORNEY.
JAMES C. CARY, Despondent Through Sickness,
Kills Himself.
James C. Cary. a well-known and respected attorney of this city, committed
suicide some time last Sunday night by shooting himself through the head with
a revolver. The deceased resided at 930 Chestnut street with his sons. He had
been afflicted for the past two years with an incurable disease, and for that
period of time had been confined to his room. He was 73 years old, and the dis
ease and the knowledge that there was no hope of a cure at his advanced
age made him despondent, but his family had no suspicion that he intended to
do away with himse'.f.
Yesterday morning his son Walter, who is employed as a draughtsman at the
Union Iron Works, went into his father's room, as was his habit, to inquire
as to his wants, and found the deceased covered with blood with a revolver
clutched in his right hand. There was no note of any kind in the room.
James H. Cary, attorney at law In the Parrott building, is another son of
the deceased.
Dolores. Twenty-fourth to Twenty-fifth—
Same.
Clipper, Sanchez to Noe— Same.
Twenty-fifth, Dolores to Fair Oaks— Same.
Jersey, Dolores to Church— Sidewalk* and
paving.
Vallejo, Fillmore to Steiner— Curbing and
paving.
Green, Octavla to Laguna— Same.
Oreen and Laguna — Paving.
Green, Laguna to Buchanan— Curbing and
paving.
Green and Buchanan— Paving.
Green. Buchanan to Webster— Curbing and
paving.
Green and Webster— Paving.
Green. Webster to Flllmore— Curbing and
paving.
Union and Franklin — Paving.
Union. Franklin to Gough— Curbing and pav
ing.
Union and Bteiner— Paving.
Union and Devisadero— Same.
Union, Devisadero to Broderick— Curbing and
paving.
Bay and Montgomery avenue— Curbs, side
walks and paving.
Northerly side of Greenwich, Taylor to Jan
sen—Sidewalks.
Southerly line of Greenwich, Taylor to Ma
son — Same.
Fifteenth avenue south, P south to I south
— Sidewalklng, paving, curbing, etc.
Filbert, Pierce to Scott— Curbing and paving.
RECOMMENDED BT SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
Berkshire, from westerly termination to a
point 300 feet easterly from Diamond— Grading,
curbing, sidcwalking and paving.
BoswQrth, Mission to Rotteck- Same.
Central avenue and Haight— Paving.
Fulton, Larkin to Franklin— Sidewalks.
Easterly line of Franklin, McAllister to Ful
ton—Same.
Bryant and Seventh— Paving.
Bryant and Nineteenth— Curbing and paving.
Bryant and Twentieth— Same.
Bryant and Twenty-lifth— Paving.
Howard, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth— Same.
J, easterly line of Kighth avenue to westerly
line of Tenth— Same.
RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Larkin, Union to Filbert— Bitumen.
Locust and Washington— Same.
Eureka, Twentieth and a point L2u feet south
erly from same — Basalt.
RECOMMENDED FOH FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Clay, Walnut to Laurel avenue — Bitumen.
Harrison. First to Fremont— Basalt.
Clay, Baker to Lyon — Bitumen.
ORDER CHANGING AND ESTABLISHING
GRADES.
Bryant, Fifth to Sixth — Inspection and cost
of same referred to Superintendent of Streets.
PROPOSALS ORDERED READVERTISED.
3rannan, Ninth to Potrero avenue — Paving.
Erie, Mission to Howard— Sidewalks.
Bryant, Twenty-sixth to Army — Grading, sew
ering, etc.
PROPOSALS RECONSIDERED.
Third avenue, Clement stret to Callfonrnla
south, paving.
NOTICE TO OBJECTORS OF STREET
WORK.
P south. First to Second avenue south — Prop
erty-owners are cited to appear June 6, to ad
vance reasons why street should not be closed.
EXTENSIONS OF TIaIE GRANTED.
Twenty-sixth and York— To Flinn & Treacy,
sixty days on their contract to grade and sewer.
Sutter, Grant avenue to Kearny — To Union
Paving Company, sixty days on paving.
Sutter ana Grant avenue — Same.
Sixth, Channel to Hooper — Same.
Sixth, Hooper to Irwin — Same.
Sixth and Hopper— tame.
Sixth and Irwln— Same.
California, easterly line of Cherry to same
of First avenue.
Filbert, Polk to Van Ness avenue— To prop
erty-owners, sixty days on paving.
Eighteenth avenue south, at a line 2bO feet
southerly from N.
Eighteenth, northeasterly line of same, south
to westerly line of Railroad avenue.
Same south, from southwesterly line of same,
to northerly line of Bay View.
Same, N south to Railroad avenue.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Minnesota, Nineteenth to Twentieth— To prop
erty-owners, ninety days on grading and sew
ering.
Masonic avenue and Grove— To same sixty
diye on grading and paving.
Grove. Clayton to Cole — Same.
Masonic avenue, Fulton to Grove— Same.
Asiitiury, Fulton to urove — Same.
Grove, Masonic avenue to Grove — Same.
Masonic avenue, Grove to Hayes— Same.
Clayton, Grove to Hayes — Same.
Ashbury and Grove— Same.
Grove, Ashbury to Clayton — Same.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Twenty-fifth and Howard— Henry Mayers, for
permission to construct sidewalks.
1117 Vallejo—^Mrs. Kate O Bnen, for side
walk.
FlUeenth avenue south, P to Q — John Mc-
Donough, for a hearing before the board In
reference to paving.
Lombard, Polk to Larkln— Miles Allman, for
paving. •
Eighth, Howard to Folßom— J. A. Hyland, for
a release of contract to lay sidewalks.
Chestnut, Hyde to Leavenworth — Daniel
O'Connor, for paving by private contract.
Crescent avenue, Andover to San Bruno ave
nue—Property owners, for grading, sewering,
etc.
Bank, Jefferson to Cortland avenue — Same.
Kugenia avenue, Moultrie to Folsom— Same.
Andover avenue, Crescent to Cortland avenue
—Same.
Leaven worth. Green to Union— Property own
ers, for paving.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Chestnut, Jones to Leavenworth. Including
1 crossing of same— Property owners, against
Ashbury, Seventeenth to Eighteenth—Prop
erty owners, against grading, paving, etc.
De Long avenue, Frederick southerly—Prop
erty owners, against paving.
Arkansas. Mariposa to Eighteenth— Same,
against grading.
Thirteenth avenue. H to J— Property owners.
against regradlng.
Ashbury Seventeenth to Clayton— Miss Em
ma Merritt. against grading.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PRE
VIOUS SESSION.
Church, Thirteenth to Hermann— ln favor of
awarding contract for paving.
Laguna. Bay to North Point— ln favor of
awarding contracts to sewer.
Laguna. North Point to Beach, including the
intersection of same.
Bryant Fifth to Sixth— ln favor of estab
lishing Oracle and paving.
Eighteenth, on various points of same, south.
Rail road, avenue to N south— ln favor of es
tablishing grades.
Vallejo and Steiner— Against paving.
Hrvant. Twenty-sixth to Army— ln favor of
repealing contract for sewering, grading, etc.,
and readvertislng for bids.
Twenty-fifth and Howard— ln favor of re
pairing sidewalks.
Twenty-fifth, Howard and Folsom— ln favor
of paving.
East side of Flllmore, Post to Sutter— Against
sidewalks.
Porlanrl, Guerrero to Dolores — In favor of
sidewalks.
Twenty-first. Eureka to Diamond— Against
construction of sewer.
Other ; petitions and protests reported on ad
versely or filed.
GLADSTONE'S WISHES
WILL BE OBSERVED.
Funeral of the Statesman to Be Con-
ducted in the Simplest Possible
Manner.
LONDON. May 24.— In accordance with
the wishes of Mr. Gladstone and the fam
ily, expressed in Mr. Herbert Gladstone's
letter to Lord Salisbury accepting a. pub
lic funeral, the ceremony will be the
simplest possible. There will be no state
pageant or flowers; only mourning dress
will be worn, and the chief feature will
be the representative gathering in West
minster Abbey of all classes and insti
tutions In the kingdom.
The Prince of Wales and the Duke of
York will ho amontr the pall-bearers. The
Duke of Connaught, the Duke of Cam
bridge «nd Prince Christian of Schleswlg-
Holstein-Bonderburg will precede the
coffin. Political associations will not be
represented; but the members of Parlia
ment will attend in a procession, headed
by the Speaker of thf Hjvise <>f Com
mons, the Right Hon. William * Court
Gully.
At a meeting of the members of the
American Colony, held last evening at
the Holborn restaurant, it was decided
to send expressions of sympathy to Mrs.
Gladstone. The suggestion was made that
the United States should erect a monu
ment, each State of the Union contribut
ing a block of stone for the base. A com
mittee was formed under the chairman
ship of Dr. Conwell to take further steps
in carrying out the suggestion.
THIS SEASON'S OUTPUT
OF KLONDIKE GOLD
Latest Arrival From Da\?son Esti
mates It at From Twenty-Five
to Thirty Million Dollars.
VANCOUVER, B. C. May 23.— E. W.
Mutch of this city arrived yesterday
from Dawson. Speaking of the gold out
put of the Klondike, he said it would
this year be between $25,000,000 and $30,000,
000. This opinion was given after a per
sonal inspection of the mines. When
shown Sam Wall's article in The Call on
the output from various mints, he said
that in almost every respect it was simi
lar to the conclusions arrived at by him
self. All the gold, he says, will come out
if banking arrangements are made so as
to provide proper currency.
At Lake Bennett. Mutch lamed that T.
Barnes of Astral, Kans., and Louis
Blshaw of Montana were drowned by the
ice giving way on the lake. He says there
is absolutely no truth in the rumor of
"Swiftwater Bill's" death. He saw a man
who met Gates and his party less than
a fortnight ago. They were making good
progress to the Interior.
LIVELY SCRAMBLE
AT AN EVICTION.
MONGOLIANS CARRY AWAY A
FRIEND'S PROPERTY.
Queue Pullings and Fights Over the
Chattels of an Unfortunate
Merchant.
Spofford alley presented a lively scene
yesterday afternoon when deputy sheriffs
Berved an attachment and order of evic
tion on Goy Sing, a gxoer-r, ronducting a
store at No. 14. The merchant himself,
"was not present, but his Mongolian
brothers took possession of his goods as
soon as they were put into the street and
numerous fights resulted from the desire
of each man to secure as much of the
booty as he could get away with.
The eviction was the outcome of a suit
filed by Heloine Chamberlain, the owner
of the building, to collect $45 rent due.
Deputy Sheriff Jesse Galland with eight
assistants and an attachment for an iron
safe and contents and an order of evic
tion presented himself at the store early
in the afternoon and found the pro
prietor away and the store locked. They
tyad the lock picked and immediately be
gan the work of removing the goods. A
large crowd gathered in the alley and as
Boon as any of the absent merchant's
chattels were placed on the sidewalk they
were grabbed by the eager Mongolians
who hovered about the place like birds
of prey. When two would get hold of the
same article a lively tussle would ensue
and often tlie rival claimants would in
dulge in queue pulling. Before the of
ficers had removed the safe from the
store every bit of the luckless merchant's
stock had disappeared as mysteriously as
if it had been swallowed up by an earth
quake. The deputies even had to keep a
strong guard around the heavy safe to
prevent Its being carried off by the crowd
of hungry fortune hunters.
Care of -the Insane.
City and County Attorney Creswell
has sent an opinion to the Supervisors
regarding a bill presented by the State
to the city for $14,112 50 for care for the
insane, in which the city's refusal to pay
is sustained. Mr. Creswell advises that
the only time the city can bo made to
pay is when the patient is under indict
ment while awaiting trial either for crime
or as to his sanity and when he has been
regularly committed to the asylum by
the proper authorities. These cases are
all provided for by the Penal Code. All
other cases are under the Political Code
and must be cared for by the State.
Spanish Fair Postponed.
The fair which was to have been held
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Compagnie Generate TransatSantique.-
;-i sV_''T; French Line to Havre.
- Company's Pier ; (new), 42 North p-pat i
River foot of Morton st. Travelers <Cx£ED
by this line avoid both s transit by »«■*•■>
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In ;a small boat. New York to
■ Alexandria, Egypt, via ; Paris, , first-class, $160;
second-class, JUS. ; „-<,,«
LA NAVARRE ..............May 28, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE June 4. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE June 11, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE...... June 13, 10 a. m.
LA 8R8TAGNE.. ............ ..June 25, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALK TRANSATLAN-
''■ No. 3 Bowling Green. New: York.
J F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
eve., Pan Francisco. : ■
: AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK. QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
■. : = ,-■■■■ ; TON. "..::- .-:■•■■ -
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. ANTWERP.
Steamers i sail under Belgian or • British Flags. ,
South wark . . . . May 25 1 Westernland . . . . June 1
•Chester . :..:.. May 25 Kensington June 8
PHILADELPHIA. QUEENSTOWX, LIVER-
■ POOL. - ;.--.:■"■
- Steamers sail under. Belgian Flag.
Pennland .......May 2llWaesland ...... June 4
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS. ;
Steamers form fly employed in trans- Atlantic ;
services i of : the International I Navigation i Com- j
pany and specially j refltted • for . this service. - ; ■
5 S. Ohio. 8500 tons, from Seattle. June 15.
' 6 8 Indiana. Sr.OO tons, from Seattle, June 22.
S. S. 1 Pennsylvania, . 3SOO tons, ■from ■ Seattle. 1
'connecting with i the company's own fleet'of
Connecting with th» company s own fleet of
IP new and modern steamers and barges on th»
Yukon : River, through to : Dawson City and
'Intermediate pnlnts. ■- •■' : V" :
* For passage snd freight apply to -i."v
■;■■•. INTt:!< NATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
_ ■ : ' ',; Or nny of .Its Agencies.';' ■•; ." - V;_
I ; '
! DIRECT TO | PARIS, LONDON. HAMBURG.
;' F ' Bismarck.";'. .i June : 2 l F. Bismarck . .'. . June 30
A*-"- Victoria June 16 F. ' Bismarck.. ..July 28
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER: SERVICE. .
NEW YOWK-HAMBURQ DIRECT,
ralatia:: . . . . ;\ . .May 21 fatria ..:..".:; June 4
■ Pretoria r."..~.r.M May 2S Phoenicia -June 11
Ith Hamburg- American Line, 37 . Broad way.s N. Y.
j HEKZOG & CO.. General Agents -Pacific Coast,
I 401 California s-t., cor. Sanaome, Kan Francisco.'
AUCTION SALES.
GREAT DISPERSAL SALE
Under Instructions of
I. K. MOFFITT, Trustee,
ALL THE
Stallions, Brood Mares, Colts, Fillies and
Geldings
BRED BY WILLIAM CORBITT
At the Celebrated
San Mateo Stock Farm,
(The former home of Guy Wllkes, 2:15%.)
To Take Place at the Farm, Burlingame, CaL
THURSDAY, JUNE 2, 1898,
AT 10 O'CLOCK A. M.
36 Brood Mares 36
As well bred as any in America, and many of
them the dams of winners.
The Great Toung Stallion,
PRINCE AIRLIE!
By Guy Wllkes, dam by Nutwood.
44 Fillies, Colts and Geldings,
Ranging from 1 to 6 years
old, all the get of
GUT WILKES, 2:1514.
SABLtf WILKES (8). 2:IJ,
ORO WILKES, 211, and
PRINCE AIRLTB
In addition to these are 22 suckling colts,
which will go with the dams, the majority by
Oro Wllkes, the rest by Prince Airlle.
The Stock Is All in Fine Condition
This sals Is imperative, and everything of-
fered must be sola absolutely and without re-
serve.
A lot of sulkies, cart*, horse boots and blank-
ets will be disposed of at private sale at low
prices. Those not sold by June 2 will be sold
at auction.
Catalogues now ready.
Take 9 a. m. or 10:40 a. m. train from Third
and Townsend streets.
KILIP & CO.. Livestock Auctioneers.
11 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
/ GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKEt~^
. 327 SIXTH STREET.
WEDNESDAY.. ..May 25, 1898
. At 11 o'clock.
By order of Mayor Phelan we will sell 4 Hose
Carriages, 2 • Hose Carts and a lot of Horses
belonging to the San ' Francisco Fire Depart-
ment. SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Live Stock Auctioneers.
at the Spanish church In this city, and
which was to have opened last evening,
has been indefinitely postponed on ac
count of the : present war with Spain.
Father Antonio did not think it a proper
or fitting time for such festivities.
■ ■ m ■ '—■ '• ; -■-■'■ W
Historian Gilbert Dead.
LONDON, May 23.— John Gilbert,
the historian of Ireland, is dead. He was
born in Dublin in 1527.
/^"^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
' JLs3s;k3?| 625 HEAIISY ST. ■ Established
E«Pf!p~£;'ft in 1R34 for the treatment vt Frlvata
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
H2SKEABKTKT. Established
In 1554 for the treatment of Private
Dlseus«'B, Lost Manhood. Debility or
d Iseasp ng on body and mind and
fc&S-jpn&feJji SKin Diseases. Thedoctorctiregwhen
*?v«>S(^wy others fall. Try him. Churges low.
Cnrencaarantrvd. Callorwrlte.
Or. J. F. ».H5 lON. Box 1937. San Francisco.
1 OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fu^ Steamers leave Broadway
pjht,,.^ wharf, ' San Francisco.
PSiSS^k. For -Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
im»K3Bhs* May 1. 6, 11. 16, 21. 26. 31. Jun»
P£ IiBPJ&IW 5, transfer at Seattle.
I ISS^Sew wa For Alaskan ports (from
i fißi£Z2dHM Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m..
I **«l®pg|gA\ May 18. June a, 26, July 17.
4 August 4, 25, transfer at Port-
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town*-
end? SeatUe. Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. . m., May 1. I,
SSS^^ket^S^^-
St w a e^. f0 P. AXA Ky 3 . ka at^a < nn C o N uve? y w,X
°FoV : Eureka (Humboldt .Bay). 10 «. m..
For Eureka iHurabo^t Bay), 10 t. m.
May 2 8 14. 20, 2«. June 1. and every aizta
ia /or tli ss r a e nta cr Cru,. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Ga^l^ta!' Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenerne
San Pedro. East San : Pedro (Los Angeles) an«
Newport, 9 a. m.. May 1. 6, 9. 13. 0. *. 25. W.
June 2. and every fourth day thereafter. _ > •„
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford r (San Luis Obispo). San^ Barbara, Port
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Moffdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Pal Santa Roaa-
na and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. t m.. May IX
June 10. and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chan«»
without previous notice steamers, sailing date* .
a TICKFT f OFFICK-4 New Montgomery
•^^ALLrpMRKINS * CO.. G«n. A.*.
«-«-. 10 Market Bt.. San Francisco.
Pacific: Coast Steamship Co.
! j|^. For SEATTLE
15S| And TACOMA Direct.
/®^||||| The New, Fist and Eltgut
SENATOR,
Carrying Freight and Passengers, __
Will ' Leave Broadway Wharf San Francisco,
SATURDAY, MAY 28, at 10 A. M. ;
Ticket flee, > 4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL^PER^N^^CO^Oen^Ag^,
— — '
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
; From' Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m. ■
CADC $12 First Class Including Bert*
IAIIL $8 Second Class and Meal*.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: - -
Oregon ...................May «. 18. M
C01umbia................ May », IS. 17
Btate of Ca1if0rnia............ May 12, 81. M
St. Pau1:.:........»16 00 St. Louis »M 00
Kansas City....... 26 00 Chicago 27 60
0maha.............. 26 00 New York... .81 00
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
 • 630 Market at.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
_ • . Superintendents.
BLUE STAR LINE
To St. Michael, Dawson City s and Inter-
mediate River Points,
; New steamship : "Charles Nelson" will be dis-
patched - June .2, ': connecting : with :i com pan> • ;
own Yukon River fleet, consisting of four large
modern ■■■ equipped : steamers, built -by = Moran
Bros, of Seattle, and - now en route for St.
I SPECIAL ATTENTION . called to the fact
that coal i will be used ' exclusively : on ■ river
boats, insuring most rapid , passage possible.
■ Company" s responsibility , guarantees _ con-
tracts. For passage and freight apply to BLUB
STAR LINE. 18 California St., or its agencies.
References. CAPTAIN; CHARLES^ NELSON. :
6. California' -'st..'. Telephone Drum 22.
' ■ jtfßfoi *nmmiM&& Sailing of Juno --tat":
,(^aP^Ss^3*|lfal|,'or Honolulu canceled.
mJS*fsS* ™ The S. S. MOANA
fHVHBIIfI sails via June Ist
d*IIHIfc or Honolulu canceled -
yS The S. S. MOANA
5. sails via Honolulu and
m^B^W^tMrnwlD 11 ' Auckland for Sydney
eflCdlblliP 1 - Wednesday. June 15.
@nj»b at2p - m -
Line to COOLOARDIE. Australia, and CAPH
Td^PRECKE^ BROS. CO.. Agent,
re I*-.•1 * -.• ■ own ■-■--■:. 114 Montgomery street
i Freight office— 327 Market St.. ? San Francisco.
FOR "i U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
■ ;ji ■..■: Steamer "Monticello" ; .
Men , ..Tues., Wed.. Thunj. t and Sat/.....;.
- 9 45 a m.. 3:15 n. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thur».) ■
Fridays .................l r P. '•«. '? and 1 8:30; ; p.'; m -
Sundays '.-..:. ..*.......... .10:30 ■a.j m. and 8 p. m.
I Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Plar 8.
. . :, Telephone. Red M4I.Y: -; :
1112
HERMITS MINE
IN THE CITY
Two Men Have Shafts
Dug Near Ingleside.
MANY YEARS AT THE WORK.
ILLNESS BROUGHT TO LIGHT
THEIR EXISTENCE.
Pathetic Adieu to the Home of an
Old Man When Taken to tha
Hospital.
Officers from the City and County Hos
pital were astonished, yesterday after
noon, by the discovery of a mining camj
In active operation within the city limits
A call was received at the hospital foi
an ambulance to take a sick man frorr
his home near Ingleside. Dr. Giarinini
Frank Johnson and Joseph Wagner went
with the ambulance, and found that th«
sick man was Nelson H. Shoots, and that
his home was a little hut in a forest ol
eucalyptus trees, and that he and a part
ner were engaged in mining, having three
shafts 100 feet deep.
Shoots has been sick for the last six
weeks from heart trouble, and has had
no medical aid but the little home treat
ment given him by his partner, James
Demott, who has lived with him for
nearly sixteen years. Thp sick miner is
71 years old, and the doctors found that
he was In a very serious condition, and
immediately decided on moving him to
the hospital, thinking his life might be
prolonged for a coiyile of months If given
good care. The old man made no ob
jection when informed of the physicians'
intentions, but seemed to realize that the
race was nearly run and that he was
leaving his little hut to return no more.
As he was placed on the stretcher and
carried out through the trees he raised
his head for one last l"ok at the place
which had sheltered him for so long, and
with tears in his eyes murmured: "Good
by. old home, good-by. It is hard to leave
you. dear old home."
The old man has lived In California
many years. He came to the State In
early times, made considerable money and
was well-to-do. Some twenty-fivg years
ago, while prospecting, he foiind pay dirt
in some black sand near the place he now
lives, and claims that he took 57000 In dust
from it. This firni !ei! him to stake out
a claim which he has held until th<
ent time. The tra<-t of land was formerly
owned by the French Bank, but later
became the property of Adolph Sutro,
who owns it now.
The fact that Shoots stuck tn the claim
so long leads to the belief that he must
have made it pay. hut he and Demott
claim that they have lost $40,000 in the
venture. One of their lossrs was to the
Spring Valley Water Company. Three
yean npn they dug a tunnel 900 feet long
in their prospecting, and in digging they
struck a pipe of the water company,
breaking it and flooding the place with
water. The two men were sued by the
company and the court awarded a judg
ment of $SCOO against them, which they
paid.
As snon as Shoots was safely in charge
of the doctors. Demott returned to th«?
mmp. and while both men claim they are
almost destitute it is the belief that they
have considerable money hidden away.
There is a larpe quantity of ore piled
about the place, and Demott claims that
it is valuable. He says that if he had a
good mill considerable money could be
ground out of the rocks.
Demott is a comparatively young man.
beinpr about 40 years of age. Tie and
Shoots have lived as hermits, never see
ing any one except when it was necessary
to buy food, and then finishing their
business and returning to their hut as
soon as nossible. When safely tucked In
bed at the hospital Shoots made Inquiry
nf nr.o of the attendants if the United
States was really at war. and if so. with
Id that he had heard it
rumored that there was a war, but did
not believe the report true.
It is doubtful if Shoots will live very
long. a<= he is very weak. The doctors
think the chance of surroundings may
cause him to rally for a time, but three
rnontbs is the limit they place on his
life. He came here originally from Ken
tucky. wh«re he wr.s born, and he is said
to have been married twice.
ARMED FOR BATTLE.
Customs Officers Present Cap
tain T. J. McCreagh With
a Sword.
Thirty-five assistant weighers of the
surveyor's department of the United
States customs service at 6 o'clock
last evening went to the steamer
City of Peking on board the revenue
cutter Hartley, and presented Captain T.
J. McCreagh of Company D with a beau
tiful sword. The captain, who was in th©
Government service as an assistant
weigher, resigned his position in order
that he might go with his company to
the Philippines. He was very popular
with his fellow-workers in the service,
and th<=y took occasion, on the eve of his
departure, to express their sense of his
TRANSFER OF THE TROOPS.
Genera! Otis Will Establish Headquar=
ters at Camp Richmond.
An order issued yesterday by General Merriam, commanding the De
partment of California, transferring all the troops now here with the ex
ception of the Third Artillery, Fourth Cavalry and the First "Washington
Volunteers to General Otis' command is of special significance, and is the
preliminary step in the thorough organization of the forces destined for
the Philippines.
General Otis and his staff are now actively engaged in arranging for the
work, and within a day or two his headquarters will be moved from the
Phelan building to Camp Richmond. The general and his staff will go into
camp with the troops, living under canvas with the others, and his first
work will he the organization of the troops into brigades. The first bri
gade has already been formed, and comprises the First California, Second
Oregon, Fourteenth Infantry and detachment of artillery under General
Anderson, detailed for the advance of the expedition.
This work completed. General Otis will take personal command of the
division and have the officers and men thoroughly instructed in their
duties. The general is of the opinion that there will be little or no oppor
tunty for drill after reaching Manila before the troops are called upon for
the severer duties of the campaign, and he fully recognizes the necessity of
familiarizing them with the brigade and division movements. Many of the
volunteer officers have never handled their men in more than company and
battalion formation, so that they have much to learn yet.
During the interim before the second detachment is sent to Manila
there is plenty of work in store for officers and men, and General Otis be
lieves it will be best done with him on the ground. For that reason he will
remain close in camp until General Merritt arrives.
Following is the order transferring the troops:
Special orders No. 53.
Headquarters Department of California, San Francisco, May 23. IS9B.
The following-named organizations, now encamped at the Presidio of
San Francisco and vicinity, will be reported by their commanders to Major-
General E. S. Otis. T'nited States Volunteers, viz:
Band and Companies C, D. E and F, Fourteenth United States Infantry,
Major Charles F. Robe commanding.
Batteries A and D, Heavy Artillery, California Volunteers, Major F. S.
Rice commanding.
First Regiment Infantry, California Volunteers, Colonel J. F. Smith
commanding.
Seventh Regiment Infantry, California Volunteers. Colonel John R.
Berry commanding.
Second Regiment Infantry, Oregon Volunteers, Colonel O. Summers
commanding.
First Regiment Infantry, Nebraska Volunteers, Colonel John P. Bratt
commanding.
Thirteenth Regiment Infantry. Minnesota Volunteers, Colonel C. McA.
Reeve commanding.*
First Regiment Infantry, Colorado Volunteers, Colonel Irving Hale com
manding.
The Twentieth Regiment of Infantry, Kansas Volunteers, Lieutenant-
Colonel Edward C. Little commanding.
First Battalion Infantry, Wyoming Volunteers, Major F. M. Foot* com
manding.
Commanding officers of the organization will render a field return and
roster of commissioned officers of their respective regimental commands.
worth and to present him with a testi
monial of their esteem. Arthur P.
Rhodes, the chief weigher, made a happy
speech, and Captain McCreagh feelingly
responded. With cheers and well wishes
the weighers bade their comrade' god
speed and expressed their hope that the
time would be short unt,il he would be
with them again.
TROOPS TO ARRIVE
The Crack Pennsylvania Regi
ment Due Here This
Afternoon.
According to advices received by the
Southern Pacific Company the Penn
sylvania volunteers with 602 men and
thirty-eight officers left Ogden early yes
terday morning in two trains, which are
il raising siowly along and will arrive
hero some time this afternoon. The rail
road company seems to account for only
two battalions of the Pennsylvania regi
ment.
The Montana regiment leaves Butte
early this morning and is scheduled to
leave Ogden Wednesday morning and get
here Thursday evening.
The T'tah troop of cavalry leaves Salt
Lake City this morning to arrive here to
morrow evening.
L'es Only on Display.
Throughout the parade It was notice
able that the police force of the city did
little toward preserving order and keep-
Ing the eager throngs from Interfering
with the march. This was In no way 'the
fault of the policemen, but of their leader,
who seems to have thought more of the
opportunity to make a display of himself
and his men than to discharge the duties
for which policemen are paid.
Again and again the officers In the vari
ous companies had to tight their way
along. The police preceded the soldiers,
and as soon as they had passed the
crowds became mobs, the order that ex
isted while the police were in sight be
came anarchy and the confusion every
where was inexcusable.
It is time that the Chief of Police began
to understand that he is' not paid
to make ;i display of himself nn every oc
casion, but is hired to preserve order
among other things on occasions of the
character of the grand event of yester
day. To say that the force utterly failed
is to put it mildly. It stands to reason
that a band of men engaged in parading
cannot keep back crowds of citizens who
press onward eajrej . ;:■ •> t-neit vm....
the movements of the soldiers.
A Grievous Disappointment.
To the Editor of the San Francisco ;
Call— Sir: The Examiner stated yester- ]
day morning that the troops would pass :
down Second street on their way to the
Mail dock to take passage on the Peking
for Manila. As a result, the merchants
on Second street decorated their stores
and many thousand people gathered on j
the street to see the soldiers pass; but
another example of yellow journalism ,
was brought forcibly to their notice when
they saw that the troops had passed
down Third street. It was certainly a j
great disappointment to these people, and
especially so to the many women and
children 'who lost this oportunity to show
their patriotism by assisting in cheering
on to the front our brave boys in blue.
ONE OF THE DISAPPOINTED.
San Francisco, May 23, 18J«.
■ ♦ ■ ■
"ILLNESS OF J. V. COLEMAN.
The Capitalist's Relatives Are Sum
moned to His Bedside.
The friends of J. V. Coleman are very j
much alarmed over his illness. During j
; the past two weeks he has been seriously
ill at his home, 2837 Jackson street. In !
; this city. Indeed, so critical a stage had
the millionaire's condition reached that -
i his absent relatives were hastily sum- j
moned to his bedside, and are now hur- ;
rying to San Francisco.
They are: Mrs. Harry May of "Washing- j
ton, D. C, who is expected to arrive to- j
day or to-morrow; and her sister, the
Countess Dauginey, whose home is In ,
i Paris, who likewise has been called to
the bedside of Mr. Coleman, and will
! probably arrive some time during the
latter part of the week.
Dr. Buckley, his attending physician,
has iziven it out that the patient is in a
critical condition. For over six months;
past Mr. Coleman has been far from !
being a well man. Some time ago he went i
to Europe for his health, but gained little i
benefit. His return to California was of |
comparatively recent date. While out i
camping he contracted a severe cold, that
aggravated his long-standing complaint ;
and gave rise to various complications, ■
which now threaten his life.
THE BASEBALL LEAGUE.
A Schedule for the Distribution of
the Championship Fund
Arranged.
The Pacific States Baseball "League met
in the Baldwin Hotel last night and
drafted a schedule for the season, which
will bo announced later on. The presi
dent was authorized to appoint four
regular umpires to officiate at all games
of the league, and in the future ladies
will be admitted free to all games in this
city.
The championship fund of 2 per cent of
the pate receipts will be divided among
the three teams averaging the highest
during the season. Fifty per cent will
go to the team with the highest average,
30 to the next highest and 20 per cent to
the third best club.
The games for the week are as follows:
At San Francisco— May 2S. Fresno vs.
Oakland: May 2!t. San Francisco vs. Oak
land; May 30. San Francisco vs. Ath
letics. At Stockton— May 29. Stockton vs.
Sacramento. At Sacramento— May 30,
Stockton vs. Sacramento. At San Jose —
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAT 24, 1898.
May 29, Fresno vs. San Jose; May 30, Oak
land vs. San Jose. At Santa Cruz— May 29,
Athletics vs. Santa Cruz; May 30, Fresno
vs. Santa Cruz. •
Ella Pinharo Deserted.
Ella Pinharo did not appear yesterday
to prosecute her suit for $20,000 damages
for breach of promise against Jacob
Stone, and Judge Daingerfield instructed
the jury to find a verdict for the defend
ant.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Miss E Oothout, Fres.R Temple & w, India
Miss H Oothout, Fres J J Byrne, L Ang^
V MarLymont & w, E Blodgett & w . JN x
Fresno W B Peck. N V
I J Marx. N V N Smith. S Carlos
W M"ir. S Jose T Mansfield. NY
! H C Moore. S Jose E J Marx. St Louis
L Kennedy. L Ang T Potter. London
G IVrlev.W&c, L Ang A A Potter. London
Mis* Ulacklock. Ottwa L Wright. Keswick
W Colman. St Louis W -Wheelwright, Ptld
Miss Lockett, Wash B Stahl. N V
F S Grace, N V C W Nelson. N V
S G Lines, N V R Brown & w, Bodle
M C Arnot. Elmira C R Drake. Tucson
G Lawrence, Stanford E Hart & w. St Louis
E Walker Stanford S Rosenhaum. Sweden
T Kieslinj*, Stanford W van Heusen. N V
L Spencer, Stanford B H Smith. B0"B 0 "* 1 ?"
L Chandler. Stanford X E Jack. S L Obispo
R A Vose. Stanford A G Thies. Starfford
A J Huston, Cleveland I R D Meyer. Stanford
M D Joseph. N V H L Call. N V
J D Yost. Boston 'Mrs Walter. Portland
J Rountree, Denver |E G Miller, Spokane
C R Thoburn. N V i
GRAND HOTEL.
P Walsh, Austin I A Herman, Orovllle
M V Brown, L Ang |W Sexton. Orovllle
V Avansino Cal S 8 Seaman, Portland
J T Gohn USA J Whitmore, Redlnds
W Houser. Palo Alto W GasklU, ' Jackson
T W Covey, P Alto W Wood & w, Wash
J E Healey, Cal W R Fortnan, Cal
L D Anderson. Cal H R Chase, Sacto
J W Herker, Stktn B F McCullough, Cal
M Johnson, Cal T N Case, Cal
E H Sherwood. Cal H L Smith, Phlla
J F Junktn. Cal A H Dana, Sta Rosa
G W Barker & w, LA'MrsS Laughlln, Mass
W S P«adwell NY jj D Hampton & w,
F G Gould, Ft Baker jW Adams, Bloomngtn
S E Kins, Elgin IC J Shirter, Cal
E P McDanlel. Cal A C Graham. Cal
C W Nelson, NY lG D Nolte, San Jo*«
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs Arvldson, Oregon J L Barrett. S Jo»«
Mrs Moore, Oregon B Kerston, Minn
F D Goode, Boston M Jameson, Portland
A W Brooks, Stockton "M E Harris, Oakland
C W Palmer, Gilrov J C Newltt, L Ang
W P Barnes, SaCtO J Hunsleker ft w, Pa
M FriedlanJer. ChgO B Penbnrg. Portland
S Anderson. U S A W Edwards. \ ictoria ;
W H Cutler. O S A 3 TSuckminster. Cal
X Johnson. S Jose J MrCudden. \ allejo
F Smith Jr. S Jose I Miss MeCudden, \ allej
H Hart S Jose F R Dixon, S Jose
W A Leßoy, 8 Jose !
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S Newton & w. Cal J M Harris, Pacto
P J O'Brien. S Clara H I'ndlack, Fresno
X Murphy, Wllnilnßtn Mrs Undlack. Fresno
J A Sh.^han Safto W Atkinson. Montreal
T Arnberger, Tacoma M McWhorter. Fresno
H Carlton & w. Minn W F Moore. San Jose
C Buchanan, Ukiah J Bell. Vallejo
P Sullivan. Calistoga J V Smith. Petaluma
M Rr..wn. Reno C Olsen. Seattle
Mrs Carolan. S Lake J Arthur. Chicago
Miss Bradford, S Lake F Morton, Cal
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SB7 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock,
1505 Polk street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
N"W\ corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, R. A. M.. •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING. May 24, at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. TKJT
degree. By order of the H. P. /^ >
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. & A. M. ■
Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) -^\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. H. Jf
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. f^W >
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. & A. M.. •
121 E*ly st., meets THIS EVENING, -,#%-
7:30 o'clock. 3D. 7§iJ\
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secy. /^r>
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and •
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUBS- _*%_
DAY) EVENING. May 24, at 7:30 J&JX
o'clock. D. 1. r^\
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary-
THIRTY-SECOND grand annual v C? >i-
gathering and games of the Cal- 3% Qv/2
edonian Club of San Francisco,- tlkXs*
SATURDAY. May 23. at Shell *^t?*
Mound Park, Berkeley. The best athletes on
the coast will compete in the different events
for which valuable prizes will be awarded.
The Sacramento and Stockton Caledonian
clubs will be present in a body. Dancing in
the pavilion and numerous other attractions
JOHN KEID, Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year Tor $1 50. postage
free.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
TO the shareholders of the Independent Red
Men's Hall Association— Gentlemen: Please
take notice that in the regular meeting of the
Boanl of Director* on May 3. ISfIS. a dividend
of 30 cents per share has been declared and is
due and payable on Tuesday the i'4th. 1838.
at g p. m., at Red Men's Hall. 510 Bush St.
CHARLES. SCHLESINGFR. President.
B. A. SAM MA XX. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 81 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company wIJ be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st.. on and after
Wednesday, June 1, IS9S. Transfer books
will close on Thursday. May 20, IS9B, at 3
o'clock p. m.
K. H. FIiKLPOX, Secretary.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
B*r> tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. room 8: tel. 6580.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1, 147 Powell st.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage: assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 6.
MISS WILLIAMS, 101V4 Grant aye., cor. GearyT
room Iri; vapor and cabinet baths.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer. 1505
Market Bt.,cor. Eighth, room SB, second floor.
MISS L. Dean, Sl7 Markrt. parlors 11 and 12,
Turkish Baths and massage treatment.
ALVIXK HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
baths. 13V4 Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MRS. ALICE FAY. magnetic healer and vapor
baths. 116 A Grant aye.. room 17.
MME. <A .NSEN. latest galvanic battery and {
cabinet bat'^s. 116 Taylor st.
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120V4 Geary e'.. room U.
ELEVENTH. 106- Dranch office of Th« CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whttened, $1. Hart-
mann Paint Co.. 343 Third st. and 2808. 24th.
MIPS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 111R Market at., rm. 8.
MISS MAY'S geunlne electric treatment for
rheumatism. 100 Grant aye., room 4.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
REFINED American woman desires situation
in private family or ranch; pood cook and
manaeer; h»-st references. MISS CULLEN
US Sutter st.
NEAT young: Germßn girl desires situation at
homework or as second girl, $10 to $15; ref-
erences. MISS CULLgN, 32r. Sutter st.
F;RST-i7,ASS German ccok and housework
girl desires situation; 3 years last place; city
or country. MISS (TI,T,EN', 32.i Sutter st.
COLORED woman, first-class cook and house-
wirker; ref.; fit. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter. i
FIRST-CIUASS Gterraan r...,k: understands all
branches of cooking; best references. MRS.
NORTON. 32?. Sutler st.
AT the Swedish and German Employment
Bureau, a number of first-class girls await-
ing situations. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
YOUNG Swedish girl as nurse, housework or
second work, $10. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter.
GERMAN housegirl. strong and willing, $15;
j<nr.d cook. MRS. NORTON, S2S Sutter st.
FIRST-f'I^ASS family cook and American sec-
ond girl await call.* C. R. HANSEN & CO.. !
phone "Grant 85," 104 Geary st.
THOROUGHLY competent childs' nurse; ref.
<\ R. KANSEN & CO., UM Geary at.
FIRST-CLASS family help in all branches
await calls at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104
Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook, best of refer-
ence, desires situation. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
RELIABLE young woman would like a place
to do general housework In a small family;
city or country. Call or address 776 Steven-
son st., off Ninth.
WANTED— By competent lady, situation as
housekeeper. For particulars, call from 10 to
12, or write M.RS. WHEELOCK. 425 O'Farrell.
r SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
Fms^CLA^S^'ressmakTr^a^res^rTew^nore
engagements; tailor - suits 'a * specialty; ; $1 50
per day; city or country. Address box 4560,
Call office. :.;■'■ . :/ '-■ -■■■' '. - ■' ■■ .^-■'
RESPECTABLE German lady who has a good
home wishes: to take father and children in
board. Address box 4566, Call Office, y: ■ ■
RELIABLE 0 woman wishes a position ;as
chambermaid or laundress; is capable of do-
ing any kind of work; by day. month or
week; is a first-class waitress. Address 230
Twenty-fourth aye. ■ .;. • ■;.-.• 1 ■'. ■-''■''' ■•■^'
YOUNG woman wishes to help In a small fam-
ily. Address box 4568, Call office. . : : /
REFINED lady wishes to take care of invalid
lady and children; no objections to country.
MRS. M. 8.. 120 Turk St.
SITUATION as working housekeeper by mld-
dle-aKeil lady; good cook and seamstress: no
objection to children Address 762 Howard.
WORKING housekeeper, perfect dressmaker,
wishes situation in country; wag<-s $25. Call
or address A. 8., Rondell place, near Six-
teenth and Valencia sts.
YOUNG girl wants situation as nurse: willing
to assist in light housework. Call or address
532 Ninth st.
WOMAN wishes place to work by the day;
good laundress. 215 Polk st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants position in pri-
vate family as waitress or to do second work;
city references. 513 McAllister st.. care Mrs.
Olson.
LAUNDRESS wishes situation In hotel or
boarding house; references; first-class cook.
Call or address 927\4 Washington St.. M. S.
RUTLEDGE.
FINNISH girl wishes place to do general
housework and cooking. «09 Central aye.,
Alameda.
STENOGRAPHER of 4 years' experience, and
assistant bookkeeper desires position. Ad-
dress box 4593, Call office.
AN experienced infant's nurse; good seam-
stress; care of children or upstairs work;
good references. Box 4574, Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes situation as
child's nurse; city or country. Address 87}
Capp st.. in the rear.
WANTED— Situation by middle-aged woman
In German family for general housework;
wages $10. 115 Wildey St., off Fillmore, near
Bush.
MIDDLB-AGED German woman wants a place
as cook or any other kind of work; only
small wages. Call at 101 Sacramento, corner
Drumm st.
SITUATION wantad hy a good cook on a ranch
or small hotel. 6<Xt Tennessee St., Potrero.
FRENCH cook wants situation to do general
house work; can talk English. Address 1313
Stockton st.
REFINED German girl wishes position to take
care of children and easy housework. Please
call at Park Hotel, 26 Turk st.
TWO Scandinavian girls wish to do general
housework. 149% Silver st.
REFTNED American woman as working house-
keeper; good cook and splendid manager. 1905
Mission st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation for upstairs
work or chambermaid in country. 621 Capp.
GERMAN girl wants situation for upstairs
work or general housework; plain cooking.
913 Buchanan st.
LAUNDRESS with first-class references for
the country. Address 1., box «, Call office,
Oakland.
LADY desires position as seamstress in hotel.
Address X.. box 11, Call office, Oakland.
WOMAN would like position to do light house-
toork. ICOS Natoma st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
li'iusecleanirg. Please" call at 1211 Fillmore
St.. bet. Turk and Eddy.
BY a middle-aROd woman, situation to do light
housework; no washing; no children; wages
$10. M. A., box 4577, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class waitress
and parlor maid; first-class city references.
Box 4578, Call office.
DRESSMAKER wishes few more engagements
by the day; terms $1 50 day; ref. 505 Jones.
RELIABLE woman would like sewing to do
at heme. MRS. EFFIE SIMON, 1907 Harri-
son st. "
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ad 3 taken.
SITUATIONS WASTKD-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office; i
best help. 414^4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42«.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
BOY 13 would like to pet a place in a fruit
market or store; well acquainted with the
city. Address 213»a> Vallejo St.
MIDDLE-AGED married man wants position
as porter or janitor by the day, week or
month. Box 4. r >64, Call office. i
ENGINEER and fireman wants situation; i
first-class references. W. H. 8., box 4629,
Call Office.
BOOKKEEPER— Competent, first-class double
entry and correspondent, desires position of
trust; Al city references. Box 4563, Call.
WANTED, by an Englishman, aged 30, situa-
tion at any kind of employment; wages not
-'so much an object as steady place; total ab-
stainer. Address F. GREENFIELD. 220
•Third, or call bet. 9 and 11 a. m."& 3 & 5 p.m.
YOUNG man experienced In grocery business
wishes a position; has good city references.
Box 4558. Call office. '
JAPANESE couple want situation; man good
cook; wife general housework and ' sewing;
good references. S. X., 1307 Larkln st.
STEADY young German wishes . position on a
I I gentleman's place; good horseman; can, milk;
I good references; small wages. -.Box 4587, call.
FIRST-CLASS all round butcher, , highest ref-
i erence as foreman, able to run machinery
! and take charge of cold storage plant. ■ Ad- ]
; dress. box 4623, Call office.
TEMPERATE young man wants position
around private place; understands gardening,
driving, and Is generally useful; wishes to at-
- tend, school in evening. Box 4646. Call office.
$20 TO any one securing me a ; permanent posi-
tion in furniture business. Address box 4655,
Call Office.
JAPANESE i housecleaner wants few more en-
i gagements to work by the day or week.
SANTARO, 502 Leavenworth st. ,'
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
wTmKTNG^iousekeepeT, $20/~mIsS^CULLEn7
325 Sutter st. , : '.
•REFINED nurseglrl, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. . . . .
COLORED cook. $30. 3 In family, see lady here.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. : \ .'•>*■ .
NEAT young- girl, light work, $12. MISS CUL-
■ ; LEN. 325 Butter st. "
WORKING housekeeper, small hotel. $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. \
COOK. $30; plain wash. MISS CULLEN, 325
S Sutter. st. - ; ,- ■■ ■■ ■ . .-:■;■ ■-• -V"r "■
YOUNG woman as housekeeper and bookkeep-
■ er. -$8 per ' week and 1 found; country. ■. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ■ ':.
COOK, $35 housework. Eureka, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter : st. ,  '..-■. :.v.'
WOMAN with a child as cook, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
WAITRESS. Bakersneld. $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
SEAMSTRESS and waitress. $25; laundress,
$25. MISS CDLUENt 325 Sutter st.
5 WAITRESSES, water resort; 6 waitresses,
springs, |20; waitress, San Jose. $25 (arm
work); waitress. South, $20; waitress, Neva-
da, $25 and fare paid, call early; first-class
waitress, city, $20; German chambermaid, $15;
2 lunch waitresses, 50c; lunch and dinner
■waitress. $20: waitress, springs, $20, to go to-
day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GERMAN nurse, one child. $15. to travel; Ger-
man nurse, one child, see party here; Ger-
man nursery Koverness, country, $25, must
teach music; cook north. $30: see party
here; 5 housework girls, $20 to $25; 10 young
girls, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
SCANDINAVIAN or American housegirl, small
family, choice place $2:". call early. C. R.
HANFRX & <■ 104 Geary ft.
COOK. $30; secondlclrl, $20; nurs>>, $10. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
GERMAN nunegtrl one child 6 years old, $20.
MBS. NORTON. 323 Slitter St.
HOUSEGIRL, country, $25: housegirl. city, two
In family, $25. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, $25; young girl to assist in cook-
Ing. $10; hoiißeglrl, $15, two In family, and a
number of houseglrls $20. city and country.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
WAITRESS and seamstress, $25; 3 German and
Scandinavian second girls. $20; French nurse,
|t8; Protestant cook, plain wash, $25; cook,
(iermrn style, small boarding-house. $25;
stewardess, restaurant, $6 week; 3 waitresses,
$15 and $5 week, and girls for cooking and
housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutler st.
LAW office stenographer; neat, industrious,
competent; permanent position; compensation
good. JTS Bush st.
YOUNG lady for abstract work; private corre-
spondent: 2 ladies to manage Sacramento
Indies' Exchange; permanent; good Balary;
short hours. 313 Bush St., to-day.
NATIVE French lady for nursery governess;
no English; photograph gallery clerk. 1023
Market st.
Gr>OD German or Swedish girl for general
housework; 5 cooks. 1023 Market st.
GOOD milliner; also nursegirl; S glove sales-
ladles; confectionery clerk. 10:3 Market et.
HELP XV ANTED— Continued.
EXPERIENCED shirt, blouse, overall, coat
and pants hands wanted to operate electric
power machines. Apply at 23 Stevenson St.,
fourth floor, after 9:30 a. m. ; liberal wages
paid. MEYERSTEIN COMPANY".
LADY competent to appoint sub-agents, on
road: salary and expenses. 313 Bush St.
GIRL or woman for housework. Apply at 716
Green st.
GIRL for light housework. 631 Green st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. 858 Howard,
between Fourth and Fifth, over Ball court.
GIRL for general housework; German pre-
ferred. 3216 Jackson st.
FRENCH or German nurse and seamstress;
call tiiis morning. 703 Leavenworth st.
GIRL to help with housework; wages $8. 633
Turk st., n.-ar Polk.
WANTED— GirI to take care of children; ref-
erence. 1502 Laguna st.
YOUNG girl for small family. Scandinavian
preferred; wagea from $8 to $10. 102 Mission.
FINISHERS wanted on coats. 9371-4 Folsom st.
YOUNG ffirl about 12 to 14 to assist with
housework in exchange for good home. 1273
Broadway, bet. 9 and 11.
GERMAN girl to take care of child and up-
stalrs work. 1629 Broadway.
GIRL to assist in light housework. 1252 York
St., bet. Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth,
Howard-st. cars.
GERMAN lady bet 30 and 40 years; must
speak English; light work and cooking; $10
to $12 per month. 402 Pacific St., French
bakery.
GIRL to assist In housework a.nd cooking. Ap-
ply after 3 o'clock, 821 Grove st.
GIRL to do general housework; take care of
three children. 18 Lafayette st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; wages, $S.
Apply 1198 Treat aye.; store.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on coats; $10 a week;
steady work. 724H Market st., room 27.
PROTESTANT girl for generai housework;
small family; wages, $15; refs. 1456 Fulton st.
GOOD tailoress and experienced apprentice on
custom coats. 76 Harriet st.
GIRL for housework, American family of 4, no
washing; wages $25. 631 Larkin st.
SMALL girl to mind children during the day.
332 Clementina Et.
GOOD girl wanted for general housework at 731
Green St., near Mason.
OPAL ring free! Sell only 15 stick-pin souvenirs
of war and the Maine at 10c each and we
give you free handsome genuine opal ring,
best gold plate, warranted two years; trial
subscription to new ill. patriotic magazine
free with each pin; no money required: Just
send full name and address and say you will
return pins or money by mail within two
weeks. The Columbian, 34 Oliver st., Boston,
Mass.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser; also girls to learn.
MME. DEL.LA FAUST. 240 Stockton St., near
Post.
WANTED— German girl for general housework.
911 Larkin st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. BSB Howard,
between Fourth and Fifth, over Ball court.
WANTED — Good laundress and chambermaid.
Apply 1721 Van Ness aye., from 10 to 1.
WANTED— Young German girl about IS years
old to do upstairs work and light sewing;
wages $16. Call bet. 9 and 12 at 2518 Pacific aye.
WANTED— First-class corset saleswoman for
Sacramento. 4J>ply 523 Market St., room 7,
■from 2 to 3 p. m.
LEARN dressma. ng and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper; state experience and
salary expected. Address W. F.. box 05, Call.
DR. WISE, the~ladies' specialist, 1118 Market
St.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
167— Branch office of 1-e Call, sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
HELP WANTED- MALE.
SHORT^ORDER cook. $30 p*r month. MISS
iTLLEN, 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN' man, small vineyard, $75. MiSS
CXTLLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TO-DAY THE DAY WE SHIP
a car load of 50 men to the great mines a3
common laborers; wages $2 50 day; no expe-
rience required; tf you want to go call very
early: cheap railroad rates. MI'RRAT A
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
636 Clay st.
STABLEMAN, private, $25, see boss here: gar-
dener, $30, for an Institution. 10c fare. MUR-
RAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
3 BUTTERMAKERS $30 4 CHOREBOYS
16 farm hands, $26. $20 and $h> per month
20 laborers, city 3 teamsters, city
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
1M WOODCIIOPPERS 97 TIEMAKERS
SI 50. $1 25, $1, 70c cord 'Be. 9c, 10c, lie.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
LOOK here 15 men
to cut brush, clear land ard make yourselves
generally useful. $20 month and found; fare
30 cents. MURRAY & READY. Leading Em-
ployment Agents. 63! and 636 Clay st.
ENGLISH syndicate
wants us to get them 35 laborers. $2 a day.
MURRAY & HEADY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
! COOK. I'.e fare. $65 cook and wife, hotel,
country ;
cook. city. $50 — -'—3 waiters
cook, 30c fare, $40 3 waiter boM
conk, fare $1. ?30 5 dishwashers'!
! cor.k. city, $40 2 kitchen hands
cooks for different places. MURRAY &
READY. Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st.
MINERS'- MINERS MINERS
27 Miners for different mines in California,
$2 50 day; common .gravel miners will do.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAILOR for a gentleman's yacht, $20 and
found, see boss here. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
CARPENTER, hench. city work; wood turner,
planing mill. MURRAY &. READY, 634 and
636 Clay St., Leading Employment Agents.
BOILER-MAKER for a large firm. MURRAY
&. READY, G34 and 636 Clay st.
25 RAILROAD teamsters, coast road, $1 75 and
free fare; call at our office at 7 a. m. with
blankets, ready to go
11 more barkers and buckers for the woods,
$35 and board, and
15 more laboring men, no experience needed,
to handle timber In the sawmills and woods,
$1 a day and board: all season's job
30 more woodchoppers. 25c fare, $1 60 a cord;
near city; to go to-day
engineer. $60. C. R. lIANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
RESTAURANT cook, country, $65 and room;
cook and wife. $70: broiler, $50; second cook
who can bake, for a summer resort, $40;
oysterman, $35; potwasher, summer resort,
$3f' and found: baker's helper. $20; bedmaker,
$20; bootblack, $7 a week: bell boy, $10. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Agency,
104 Geary st.
BOX mangier, summer resort. $30 and found:
ironer, $30 and board. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary St.
HOTEL clerk, sco party here. S a. m. C. R.
lIANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED — Boarding house cook, $40; restaur-
ant cook. $10 a week: 2 dishwashers, $.10* and
$20; young man to wait on table. $25; waiter,
$25: second cook, hotel, $30 to $35: groom for
first-class place, $30: porter, barber shop;
cook, coffee house, $7 a week, etc., etc.
ANDRE" S, 316 Stockton st.
WANTED — 3 more quartz miners for large
inii.e, see owner In city. wae?s $3 a day;
young man as driver for milk wagon. $25;
butter maker, run separator, $30; laundry -
nian and wife for institution. $60; laborers,
$1 25 a day. Apply to J. F. CROSETT A
CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Butler for private family. $30;
waiter for restaurant, $40; cook for laborers,
$35 ; cook and wife. $55. Apply to J F
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
HOTEL bartender and hotel rutln#r; city of
10,000; good opening. 313 Bush st.
COACHMAN (married): wife as housekeeper,
country place; some experience gardening.
313 Bush pt.
ELEVATOR man; office building: experienced;
must have pood references; to-day. 313 Bush.
2 ENTERPRISING, active young business men
to manage Sacramento branch cash house.
313 Bush st.
SUMMER resort watchman, south; landscape
gardener; rooming-house (beach) clerk. 313
Bush st.
MAN for ranch who understands raising poul-
try by incubator; also batter. 813 Bush St.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal; control of business. 313 Bush st.
AUCTIONEER'S clerk and buyer: furniture,
etc.; desirable acquaintance necessary, with
references. 313 Bush st.
EXPERIENCED shirt, blouse, overall, coat
and pants hands wanted to operate electric
power machines. Apply at 23 Stevenson St.,
fourth floor, after 9:30 a. m. : liberal wages
paid. MEYERSTEIN COMPANY.
BOY for drug store, with experience. Apply
15S Eddy St.. 9 a. m.
OFFICE boy. Apply 530 California st., room 31,
between 4 and & p. m., Tueiday.
HELP WANTED- Continued.
WANTED — 300 operators on electric pow»r ma-
chines; also finishers: men's clothing- factory
work: good pay. Apply at once HOFFMAN.
ROTHCHILD & CO., Bush and Battery sts.
GOOD tailor wanted for bushellng. 625 Com-
mercial st.
WANTED— S men to distribute circulars. Call
at 7 a. m., 106 Pine st., cor. Front.
WANTED— Coffee-house day cook. Call 617
Montgomery st.
TWO flrst-class coat makers wanted. 927
Market St., room 219; cau early.
MAN; small wages and found. 701 Willow aye.,
near Buchanan st.
CRACKER baker: flrst-class, practical man
for a bakery outside San Francisco. Apply,
stating wages, box 4571. Call office.
CONFECTIONER; thoroughly practical; well
up in jelly beans and all varieties of pan
goods; state wages expected. Box 4569, Call.
WANTED German second cook. 1534 Ken-
tucky St., Potrero.
WANTED— Good cook. 137 Fourth st.
WANTED— First-class basters on custom coats;
steady work. 106 Battery st.
WANTED— Man to drlv<> Jaunrlry wagon: must
Five $125 security; salary $10 week, with room
and l>oaril. \\:.x 4.MVJ. Call office.
BOY wanted between 12 and IS. Apply grocery
store, morning, corner Hay and Dupont sts.
FIRST-CLASS pressman on custom pants
wanted at 136 Natoma st. ; call early.
CLERK In grocery and bar; age 18 to 12. Ad-
dress box 4567, Call office.
COMPOSITOR wanted at California Printing
Company. 1430 Folsom st.
WANTED— Tailors to baste custom coats. 135
Market St., room 12.
JOHN MELVIN, laundryman— A position for
you at Woodland Steam Laundry.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla, Alameda County, 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work; good wages; only
good miners need apply. Address TESLA
COAL CO., room 515, 328 Montgomery, S. F.
FIRST-CLASS presser wanted on custom coats;
steady work. 239 Fifth st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, nninarried men, between the ages of
21 and JO years, who are citizens of th»
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such; muat
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches an.-' 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
OLICITOR for dyeing and cleaning, to drive
a wagon. EMPOUIfM CLOTHING RENO-
VATOR V, 109 Eddy St.
WANTED — o'J m<*n for Alaska mines: wages
$10 per day; leave June 5. Box 4606. Call office.
BARBERS 1 Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. South, 628.
ROSEDALE HOUSE. 321 Ellis— loo furnished
rooms; 25c night; $1 week; reading rocm.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 largs
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED — Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska, Puget Sound. Mexico, etc.: apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE. 504 Davis st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764^4 Mission;
men *o take rooms; 10c. 15c -»nd 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Kncx Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price; half-soling, 35c. 959 Howard st.
, MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. ' S.
F. Barber College. 13SH Eighth st.
• AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halstead's great war
book, "Our Country In War"; ; all about
armies, navies, coast defenses, Maine disas-
ter. Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations; nearly 600 pages; all written
.since Maine disaster; magnificent colored. Il-
lustrations; agents mr.king $10 to $39 per day;
no experience necessary: liberal terms; iv ■
days' credit; price low: freight paid: outfit :
free; send 9 2-c stamps to pay postage. Edu-
cational Union. 324 Dearborn St.. ; Chicago.
AGENTS wanted: new useful article: no com-
petition. Call 2 to 4. BELL. 208 Jones st.
PARTNERS WANTED. y . ' X,:
WANTED— Partner -with 5300 in centrally lo-
cated restaurant. Box 4565, Call Office. '•
77 FURNITURE WANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery St.: highest prices paid. Tel >avis 71.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
BOARD In country for two boys near good
school: age 11 and 13; references. ' Box 4573, !
Call office. ; !
2 OR . 3 furnished • housekeeping rooms: rent j
not to exceed $12: private family preferred; 1
near Ninth and ■ Market sts. .-, Box 4579, Call. .
s, ROOMS WANTED. .
i
2 F. ROOMS wanted In exchange for work In !
private rooming house.' Box 4575, Call. \
MISCELLANEOUS.
CASH paid for old gold and silver; any quan-
tity. ROBERT BENJAMIN, i 111 Ellis st.
BABY carriage; good order; state price. 1511
ear st. . ' -■•'-' ■ ' : -•"-
PAWNBROKER— OId geld, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. PQT.KMAV *1 Thlr.l
STORAGE.
AT low rates — Furniture, carpets, pianos.
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1022
Mission st.. above Sixth; open evenings.
PIERCF-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN.
121 Sixth St., open evenings.
TRUNKS, 25c a mo.; other goods at low rates.
Signal Transfer Co., 530 Jones.: tel. Sutter 441.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES 1 Business College. 723 Market St.;
individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8.. Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C. 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Ctmnning way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve ;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
COOKING taught on Wednesday at 8 p. m., $1
per mo., at Woman's E. and I. Union, 7 Van
{fen aye.
UNIQUE evening's entertainment for societies
C. C. FONT AX A, 24 Sixth; parlors 5 and 6.'
SHORTHAND: to write 100 words a minute-
taught in one month, terms $10. 712 Van Ness.'
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges. Phelan bdg.
LEGAL NOTICES.
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to the
statute In such case made and provided no
tice Is hereby given that the Southern' Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail
way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way Company and the California Pacific
Railroad Company, railroad corporations in-
corporated and existing under the laws of
the State of California, upon the written con-
sent of the stockholders holding more than
three-fourths in value of all the stock of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors of
said corporations, made and entered Into In
accordance with such consent, and pursuant
to the statute in such case made and pro-
vided, did, on the 14th day of April, A. D.
IS9S. amalgamate nnd consolidate their capital
stock, debts, property, assets and franchises
under the corporate name and style of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
J. L. WILLCUTT,
Secretary of the Southern Paciflo Railroad
Company.
Pan Francisco. Cni.. May 6. IS9B.
TC) LEASED
TO LEASE— The desirable premises now oc-
cupied by the Irving Institute: suitable for
a family hotel or public institution. The
building has 40 or more rooms, and is situ-
ated in the Mission warm belt, being 1036
Valencia St., corner Hill: a bright sunny lo-
cation with large grounds. Apply to BOVHE.
TOT & SONNTAG, 624 Market at.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$250^CIGAr" store on Market st., In the heart
of city. M. LESS, 7G5 Market st.
$300— CORNER saloon, on -Montgomery st. ; bil-
liard table included: living rooms; selling oa
account of death in family. M. LESS, 765
Market st. -
$300— RESTAURANT; few doors north of Mar-
ket St.; old established; receipts $2f. tn $30 per
day: a money-making place. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
$1500— CORNER grocery and bar, 4 rooms and
bath, in Western Addition; established 20
years; big bar trade; well worth $25ii0; selling
on account of sickness. M. LESS & CO., 765
Market st.
$350— SALOON; established many years and do-
Ing a daily business of $12. 1 block from Hl-
bernia Bank; a rare opening. See WILKE,
783 Market st.
$2000— CORNER grocery and bar: choicest loca-
tion in Western Addition; large stock: 5 bar-
rels whisky on hand; a flmt-claaa paying busi-
ness. Particulars WILKE. 7S:t Market st.
A— sl7so; BEST-PAYING restaurant in city; es-
tablished years; kept by owner the last 3
years; private rooms: the very best business
location; average daily receipts above $40. In-
quire WILKE, 783 Marker st. _
$2500— OLD-ESTABLISiIKi) saloon In choicest
down-town location, with building; lonff
lease; doing a flrst-class paying business;
other engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
WILKE, TNI Market St.
$400-— SALOON: flrst-class business: close to
Phelan building; a bargain. See WILKE.
783 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO., Up-to-date Brokers, 22^4
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
$3000— Road house; daily receipts $60.
$1300 — Saloon; fine corner; well stocked.
$ 750 — Corner grocery and bar; 4 fumishe*
rooms.
$ 176 — Grocery and bar; give-away.
$1600— Plumbing and gasflttlng; $150 monthry.
$ 800— Delicacy; fine corner, with living rms.
$ 800— Home bakery; 3 barrels dally; rooms.
$ 600— Restaurant and furnished flat; $20 daily.
$ 360 — Restaurant & ro. >ming-house; bonanza.
$ 325— Barbershop; 4 chairs; ex. for larger.
$ 125— Dental parlors; good business.
$ 126 — Dressmaking; store and furnished ma.
$ 460— Best shooting gallery; cigar stand.
For particulars call dh KREDO & CO.
$750— WOOD and coal yard; old established,
paying business: death of owner cause o£
sale. McLAT'GIILIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$850 — COUNTRY store, saloon and dwelling;
hall in second story: large lot; worth $2000;
no opposition; satisfactory reasons for sell-
ing. McLAUGHLTN A CO., 23 Kaarny st.
$2600— SALOON, country mining town; 2 stores,
2 cottages. 7 lots: half price; owner compelled
to go East. Mclaughlin, 23 Keary st.
A— SBOO— CORNER grocery and bar, without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200 — Partner wanted; commission business.
$300— Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Markst.
TO Englishmen— An Englishman controlling
good pasture in foothills wants another to
Join with small capital in buying cheap, leans
cattle for autumn market: large immedata
profits. Address box 4518, Call Office.
WANTED— The right party with $2000 can get
half interest in sutlers store of one of th«
regiments going to Manila. For particular*
call at The Alpha Co.'s, East and Market sts..
from 10 to 4 to-day.
$450— GROCERY, bar, stationery, notions; tout
rooms; rent $15; fully $6O> worth in sight*
owner there six years: must be sold at oncef
no agents; save commission. Address boa
4665, Call Office.
$1000— HALF interest in an old-established
manufacturing business. Box 4572, Call.
FOR sale — Saloon; sickness cause of selling.
525*4 Sansome St., near Postolflce.
FIRST-CLASS delicacy store for sale cheap.
MRS. DAVIS. 1505 Buchanan st.
GOOD paying country barber shop; cheap f.o*
cash. Inquire Call Office.
$200— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
given: short hours; duties light. 31 Third St..
room 1.
$700— FIRST-CLASS saloon; fine business; 4
winerooms; electric bells; music-room with
piano; cardroom: fine fixtures; a snap. Pa-
cific Exchange, 995 Market st.
BARBER-SHOP for sale cheap on account of
sickness; must be sold. Address 444 Chestnut.
PARTNER wanted; good paying restaurant.
Apply 621 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— Two-chair barber shop: price $50.
122 Golden Gate aye.
WELJ. paying cigar store for sale; good rea-
sons for selling. Inquire at 428 Montgomery
st. ; no agents.
GOOD location for a restaurant and cook. For
information inquire at 252 Ellis St.
FOR sale— Two chair barber shop cheap. Ap-
ply IU9A Folsom st.
$60— BRANCH bakery, notions, candy, milk,
eggs; rent cheap: good trade. 521 Howard st.
WANTED — A young man with from 4 to 8
months' experience in barber business. Call
at 719i-i Howard st.
BARBER shop, central location, clearing over
$20 a week, for sale: present owner going to
Honolulu. Particulars box 4561, Call office.
PARTY having rich gravel mining property
wishes some one to assist; small amount re-
quired: bjg returns. Boa 1" •. Call office.
iME cookln? and delicatessen business
with an established trade; well located; low
rent: living: rooms and every convenience; to
a good cook this place offers a small fortune.
Box 40T6. Call office.
GROCERY and bar cheap on account of other
business; established corner. Box 4557. Call.
FINE corner saloon; 4 nice living rooms; rent
$20; selling at sacrifice. 331 Sixth st.
ACTIVE middle-aged man of business expe-
rience wkh some capital and his services,
wishes to go in some legitimate established
business. Address box 4«17. Call office.
FOR Sale— A millinery store; retiring from
business. Address box 4."!»r». I'a!! office.
PARTIES having moderate capital can learn
of a reliable, permanent and profitable busi-
ness (a monopoly); real name must accom-
pany answer. Aridress H. V., box 4608, Call.
FOR PALE — Stock and fixtures branch bakery,
confectionery, notions and newspaper agency;
3 living rooms; r*»nt $7: prioe $125. J. P.
JOHNSTON A: CO., 872 Broadway, Oakland.
TO rent cheap, old-established barber shop,
with living rooms. 863 Bryant st.. between
Sixth and Seventh.
$400— RESTAURANT and bakery: bargain at
double the amount. Address box 4583. Call.
FOR Sale — Home bakery, notions, tamalea;
good trade; cheap rent. 1913 Howard st.
NEWSPAPER route and general news agency
for sale. Address box 4627. Call office.
CORNER saloon, good location: on account ot
other business: low price. Albany Brewery-
PROMINENT plumbirg business for sale; es-
tablished 12 years on principal business
street; price asked Is all in stock: good rea-
son for selling. Box 1712, Call office.
SALOON In manufacturing district; BToo<J
chance for right party; cheap rent; must be
sold; good reason for selling. Appiy to DON-
NELLY & BRANN'AN, corner Seventh and
Mission sts.
HOTEL tor sale — 26 rooms, furnished: cost
$$000 11 years ago; now asking $2200. Call at
256 Third st.. get terms and make offer at
once.
RESTAURANT; bargain; receipts $40 to $S0 per
day; rent $22 0; must sell: disagreement oj
partners: a chance of a lifetime. 207 Second.
SALOON and lunchhouse wants partner with
$200 cash; good business: no agents: call and
ccc. 3263 Mission st., near carhouse.
$550— FOR sale, a grocery and bar. For parti-
culars call at Washington Brewery.
FOR sale — 2 old-established groceries and bar*;
price $2500 and $12.j'\ Apply Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS restaurant on Market »t.,
sold cheap if taken this week. E. & J. GE TZ.
107 Sixth st.
FOR. SALE— Bakery and notion stora cheap.
A. 0., box 12,' Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale; best location lrf Oak-
land; owner has other business. K. D., box 4.
Call, Oakland.
FOR SALE— CaII route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business oflice or to E.
F. PIERCE. San Jose.
SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
-;" rent. MRS. ? BOEKELMANN; Lorln. CaL
COFFEE : and < tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
"carpet • . cleaning. : '
i CITY . Steam : Carpet-cle^j^n^^W^rtcsT^cieanVT |
moves, lays carpets. C. H STEVENS. Mgr.. !
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250. ■ ■
WHEN ; you become disgusted with poor worlc
send :to ' SPAULDING'S Pioneer * Carpet- . ;
Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40. >
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet. Cleaning Co., 453 I
Stevenson st., tel. S 228; lowest rates. ": j
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relaid at 3c. !
. -STRATTON.. 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT •" Eastern ' Steam - Carpet-Cleaning
- Works, 14 Sth St. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. ■E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning! 3c a. yard: tel. Mission 74. .- -.
3. .WATTS". ;: reliable : carpet-cleaning, renovat- j
• Ing. alteration wks. 413 McAllister: Jessie 321. I
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.; '
j tel. Main j 334. • GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet- Beating Works. 333 Goldea
■ -' Gate aye. : tel- East 12i>. - ■ ■ - ■
i=- : _;--r s ' v j'_ .,.,.; : -r BICYCLES." ■ _. : ■_ [.. "^T" j
WANTED- Bicycle; . second - hand; state price, >
pete's Box 4651. Call- . •.- ■ ■■ :LODGING • jUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO.. up to date Brokers, X2H
2sJ rooms: clears $400 monthly ». $5000
• 105 rooms: elegant; net receipts $3000 4500 |
60 rooms; Market; best In city 2600 j
40 rooms: sunny corner; transient 2000 ,
SO rooms; Kearny; elegant offices 2600 ;
25 rooms; best on Post; bargain 1550 ;
22 rooms: Powell; transient; fine 1600
21 rooms; corner Market; clears $100 900 ;
20 rooms; Kearny St.; corner; clears $75... 1000
17 rooms; Powell: all steady roomera 700
IS rooms; clears $40 monthly 275
II rooms; Powell: elegant SOO
6-room fiat; Ellis st.; free rent 250
Hundred of others at your own price.
A— s3so— lo ROOMS: central; coziest little tran-
sient house; O'Farrell St.; clears $75. KREDO
& co. ■
CZCCO— ROOMS; central corner; clears $150;
exchange for house and lot across the bay.
KREDO _ CO.. 22^_ Geary st., room 29.
64-ROOM comer house; clears $200 $1500 !
10 rooms; near City Hall; worth $1000 650 '
256 rooms; clears $400 4500 '
6 rooms and bath; flat; only 175
24-room house: new; $730 cash 1400
45 rooms on Market: rent $75 1400
EO-rooin apartment house 4000
24-room house on Howard 700
$475— New and good 4?R
. $1600— On Market ft.; clears 250
$1100— Only 1800 cash; comer 17 rooms
$200— On O'ParreU St.; flat 7 rooms
$1400— Best In the city; tine comer — 50 rooms
List your houses with me. I can sell them.
I want no exclusive contract.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
9 ROOMS; Golden Gate aye.; rent $30; price $400 i
11 rooms: corner Hyde; rent $37; price — $4.'n ;
9 rooms on Turk; bargain $K0
Easy terms. 405 Turk St.. room 1.
$1200; 48-ROOM house, clearing: about $125
per month: rent low; 2 blocks north of Mar-
ket st. WILKE, 753 Market ft.
' ————————.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
1 OAK bedroom set, 3 pcs. 1 bedstead, bureau
and wash-stand. $12; no dealers. 3476 18th at,
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS — •• are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
came as If purchased for cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO..
Ptefnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oak and.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west or Chicago is KOHLER & Cj-ASE'S.
26. 28 and TO O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and »11 other musical Instruments of all
grades and pric-- Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy sterner.
CLARK. "WISE & CO., cor. Grant aye. and
Geary st., agents Conover. Kingsbury and
other pianos; opened May 1: new stock; spe-
cial prices; easy terms; Inspection invited.
"CROWN" piano is the greatest yet made;
. free concerts this week at Fresno. Vallejo,
Napa, 1108 and 1223. Oakland, and at HOCK-
ETT BROS. & CO.'S. 230 Post st.
SECOND-HAND pianos at all prices: terms
extremely accommodating. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell St.. agents for the
Checkering nnd other pianos.
A \\VAY piano for J100; a Chlckerlng for
♦90: examine list of bargains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market St.
EOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Friges and other pianos; see our rent plan:
no interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
NICE Emerson piano, $50; great snap. Room
12. Flood building.
A— s3s' fine rosewood piano In perfect condi-
tion. 1361 Folsom St., corner Tenth.
BEST goode; lowest prices: easy payments;
pianos to rent at MA I' VATS'. 769 Market st.
BARGAINS— SIOO, $125, $150; agency famous
HaineV Bros! W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
$SS— ELEGANT walnut upright for sale; $:0
down. $6 a month. 221 Leavenwortn St.
GREAT bargains: Decker. Schubert. Stelnway.
Neuman. others. Homung's. 21S McAllister.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights $75 up;
rents S3 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
NEW rjianos rented. $3 per month. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
St., next Hiber la Bank. SCnMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and now. H.
" MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Litham place.
£27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagon?, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st. T. P. NT. WELL.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
THREE-QUARTER end spring, ball bearing
axle rubber tire, piano body buggy. Can be
"en at O'BRIEN & SONS', Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.
6JECIAL Bale of harness and vehicle*. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 parkin, opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fire top and opea
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison at.
€15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
AN ark anchored at Alameda boathouse. Chest-
nut St.. Alame-la, in good condition: will ac-
commodate eight persons: sealed tenders re-
ceived to May 30. Add. John Elder, Alameda.
GAS range and belongings, goo* condition.
2x2 feet, S3 inches high, $3. JONES. 647 Mis-
sion St.
____^__
Z"nO~"i fresh cow: rich milk; 24 quarts per
day; gentle. 1312 Folsom st. >
DONS r!1<? for children. Apply
ty-flrst and Douglass sts^
BAR ptc - se 4;?, r;d ."
hand; E'-iling at cost. SfiS Folsom. nr. Filth.
FOR Sale— Empty packing cases. Apply M. A.
GUN6T & CO.. 203 Kearny st.
| 6 7 50— PIANO, good condition; $5 down $3 per
month. 225 Sutter st.
$187 MAGNIFICENT new upright piano; $10
down. $f. per month; guaranteed. 225 Sutter st.
FOR Sale— 3 thoroughbred Great Dane pups.
430 Twenty-ninth st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
end-hand J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND hose for irrigation purposes;
pumps, gasoline engines, etc. V.. S. WHITE.
■ 614, 51 «. 618 Mission St.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment: 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHM IDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl,
goods; new. 2d-hand. Smith Co.. 627 Mission.
t R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. IU4 Mission; tel. So. 787.
~vtnri~VßH engines 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
EAFEB— New and eecond-hand; cheaper than
ever Hermann Safe Mate, 633 Sacramento.
v ßargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
nnAPHOPHONES. $10; Records. $5 per doz.;
ProJectoscopeV $100. Baclgalupi. 533-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press.
desk and wife cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 10C3 Mission, near Seventh.
„__ LOST.
1125 REWARD— Lost, at soldiers' camp. Bay
District. Saturday, purse containing dia-
mond, jewelry, etc. Return to WISE, 9
Montgomery fit.; no questions asked.
LOST— In Presidio, a black sunshade. Please
return to 626 Locust aye.; reward.
LOST— In- Mechanics" Library, Monday, purs©
containing small amount of money, one
ticket, two cards. Return to 109 Guerrero St.;
reward. • _^ •
LOST— Sunday, in Western Addition, a medal
with name engraved. J. ROSS. Please re-
turn 2236 Bush st. ; reward.
SCO REWARD— Lost, a black and white fox ter-
rier bitch. Return 1110 Battery St. ■
LOST— A dog; white and yellow. Return to
Golden West Hotel, room 3; $5 reward.
LOST— Sunday morning: small blue Scotch ter-
rier dog. without collar. Finder will receive
$2 reward at 1715 Broadway, near Franklin st.
$75 REWARD— Lost at Camp Richmond yes-
terday afternoon, a green leather purse, sil-
ver mountings; contained diamond jewelry.
Above reward will be paid to finder on re-
turn to W. C. WISE. ,1516 Point Lobos aye..
or 9 Montgomery st.
~ TYPEWRITERS. •
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
'YOST, good order, $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN, 333 Montgomery st. ■
MARKE" 4— Branch v office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken. - '^MjjßT
HOUSES TO LET. !
ALL OVER TOWN — ■■' .' _ i
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery b___ _
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake sts.; prices will surprise ;
you. MARCUS _ REMMEL, 628 Market st. j
HOUSE, 4 rooms and stable; attic: reasonable.
Inquire 820H Jessie St.. off Ninth. :
LEAVENWORTH. 411— House, 9 rooms, bath.
Inquire of EASTON & ELDRIDGE or 1323
O'Farrell Ft.
TO let— A lodging-house. 30 rooms, large rooms:
on Mission st., near Sixth; rent $100. JOHN
PFORR, 403 Pine st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, S62SA— Sunny cottage, 5 rooms, base-
ment; rent $3; rear cottage. j
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath; base-
ment; yard: cheap. 1676 Fifteenth St., near
Dolores.
i $20— COTTAGE. 6 rooms; prettiest In city: new;
2963 Twenty-first ft.; key at comer grocery.
FURNISHED houses to let.
TAYLORT^^lO^CompleteTy Turnf :hed sunny
house. 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1.30 and
4 p. m.
' A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. in wrappers, for mailing.
~~~ FLATS TO LET.
! xPftvk days free, 4 flat* ..-.s« month
A— Nice flats, near Geary and Taylor $9
A— lo days free. 14 flats ..-$ll month
A— Elegant new flats, cottages and_ houses.
SPECK &. CO.. 602 Market st.
ALL OVER TOWN by BALDWIN _
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
A SUNNY modern flat, 6 rooms, $18; 3 rooms,
$10. 1230 Broadway.
ALABAMA. 837, near Twenty-first— Cheap rent,
$S and $10; 4 and 5 rooms and bath each.
CALIFORNIA, 2610— 2 sunny flats; 4 rooms and
bath each: $17 DO and $16; basement flat. $9.
CORNER "store; 4 rooms and stable; rent $15;
also 4 sunny rooms; gas and bath; rent Jio;
22d-st. cars pass the door. SSSI Twenty-fourth
st., corner of Vicksburg.
FLAT to let; 5 Bunny rooms, bath, basement,
yard; rent reasonable. 134 Page st.
FULTON. 144— Fine middle flat; 6 rooms; bath;
modern; $30; near City Hall.
GROVE. 145, near City Hall— Elegant top flat;
i rooms; bath^ '
HOWARD. 539— Upper flat; all newly papered
and cleaned; 5 rooms; rent reduced; $18.
HARRISON. 2041, opposite Eighteenth— Pour |
nice sunny rooms to let; rent $10. j
HAVES, 825— Sunny flat of 6 rooms; bath; large j
yard; basement; $25. |
IF YOU are looking for a house, cottaee or
flat to rent In any part of the Mission, from $10
to $30, call on us. L. A. SOUC &. CO., 465-
467 Valencia st., near Sixteenth.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat. 7 rooma; bath;
rent $30. Key 728^
MODERN flats 7 and 8 rooms, bath, etc; Va- j
ler.cia, st. near Sixteenth $28 and $30 rents i
Modern flats 7 and 8 rooms, bath, etc; new;
Mission st., near Sixteenth. s2s and $27 50 rents
M 'Vrn flats 6 rooms, bath; corner Six- |
teenth and Church sts $22 50 rent
Modern flats 8 rooms, bath, corner Twen-
tieth and Valencia sts $27 50 rent
Modern flats 6 rooms, bath; Valencia, near
Twenty-second st /"i. 18 , rent '
Modern flats 4 and E rooms, bath; Erie St., i
between Mission and Howard.. ls and $16 rent
Apply to L. A. SOUC _ CO., 465 and 467 Va- ,
lencla St., near Sixtenth^ I
NICELY furnished i'.ut: a rooms and bath. Ap-
ply r.i Liberty st.
PINE, 1218, near Hyde— 2 flats In first-class or-
der; rent $16 and $18.
SANCHEZ, 4^9, corner Eighteenth— Flat of 5
rooms and bath; $12.
SACRAMENTO. 3397-Nlce flat 8 rooms and j
bath; all modern Improvements; rent $27 50.
SVNNY flat of X rooms anil bath; accommoda-
tions for 2 families. 733 Stevenson st.
THIRTEENTH. 409 Vi, above Valencia— An up-
per f.at, 3 rooms; bath; y^rd.
TWENTY-NINTH, 442, near Noe— Flat; 5
rooms and bath; $12.
VALENCIA, 705—5 eunny rooma and bathroom;
rent $lv. ■
i $14— FLAT; 5 rooms. 5 Jane place, off Pine St.,
between Mason and Taylor.
'E27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30 J
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip- j
tions and want ads taken.
FURNISHED FLATS.
KEARNY. — Furnished flat of 3 rooms for i
• light housekeeping; 120. !
ROOMS FOX HOtSEKEEPISG.
EDDY Very desirable housekeeping rooms; j
gas range; bath; garden; private; splendid j
location. i
EIGHTH, 246— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms, |
from $6 up. j
EIGHTH, Large furnished sunny room; j
kitchen; hot and cold water; bath. " !
FIFTH 314— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen: bath; stove; closet; sink; water; $11. j
1 FIFTH, 438 Vi — sunny rooms furnished for
housekeeping; water In kitchen.
FIFTH 353, formerly Furnished housekeep-
ing; 2 parlors: kitchen: bath; $22; also 1, $7.
FIFTH. 322— Suite of rooms furnished for ]
housekeeping; rent cheap. !
FULTON. 116— Two large rooms for housekeep- \
Ing; also single room; sunny; cheap. j
GEARY 1917— For adults; 4 comfortable rooms; j
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; 520.
i GOLDEN GATE, 820—8 sunny rooms, bay-
window; furnished for housekeeping.
HOWARD 762— Furnished double rooms from
$S per month upward; housekeeping.
HARRISON. "618^4~flne sunny unfurnished
rooms. 2 upstairs; stove; $11 to quiet adults.
LEAVENWORTH. 1015—3 connecting unfur- !
nished basement rooms and bath; $10. j
MARKET 102S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed. $14; 3 rooms. $10-
MCALLISTER, 340—2 sunny furnished rooms j
for housekeeping. ■
MCALLISTER. 402, corner Polk— Two nicely
furnished front rooms; housekeeping; terms
reasonable. ' ■ __^____
MINNA, 734— Front room and kitchen for;
housekeeping; no children. _ |
MISSION, 1063— large sunny rooms com- .
plete for housekeeping; no objection children. •
MISSION. 920%— Completely furnished sunny
front housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
MISSION, 839— Large sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping, $2 a week.
NATOMA, 645— Three sunny furnished rooms;
complete for housekeeping; rent $12 month.
KOE 151— Nicely furnished, two sunny bay-
window rooms; gas range; bath: grate; lli.
PINE 706 V"- —One, two or three fine large sun-
ny rooms"; gas; bath; private family.
STEVENSON. 622— Two neatly furnished sun-
ny rooms and the use of the kitchen.
TURK 54 8— Large front rooms complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $12 and $15.
THIRD 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; 'first floor; front; bath, gas.
VAN NESSave.. 400— Most elegant, sunny cor.
flat; 3 rooms and bath; complete for house-
keeping: no children: all front rooma.
VAN NESS, 1021. nr. Geary St.— Front sunny
suite, $22 50: one suite for $15; gas range.
«5~1-ARKIN STT— Branch office of The Cmu.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
OAKILAND HOrsi:KKH!M\(i ROOMS.
EIGHTH, 508. near Broadway Station— 2 tunny
front rooms, complete for housekeeping.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Coin. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunk,
moved to any part of city, 2oc; phone Main 49.
*RL!NGTOaN House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny ruoms. en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable^
AT~6o9~Hyde. Sutter 715-719— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
AT~l47~iowell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nlshed^rooms by day^ viecK or month.
AT 242~~Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; bathsj_ sasjjk'ery^j-eaaonable^
BOHEMIA 239 Post— Elegant rooms; reason-
able rates; bath; g.<s; elevator^ Very centra!.
DELAY.'ARK Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rma.j JtS-_slo nI(J -
EDDY, 207— Newly furnished single and double
room's, $5 a month an<^jPj
FDDY 761— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath; gas; private family; very _ reasonable.
EIGHTH, 10S— Pleasant sunny rooms, (I 26 per
week and upj
ELLIS, 327— Large, double room for two
gentlemen; running water; ?l;i per month.
El I[B W—Xn ele*a»Uy furnished suite;
piano, light housekeeping; $30 per month.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Caroot)— First-class sunny
rooms and «uiteß for gents^Jl 60 to $8 weeK.
FOLSOM, 766^4— Nicely furnished rooms to let.
$4 and $5; all conveniences
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1898.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GEARY 656, formerly 518— Elegant sunny par-
lor; suites, single and double rooms; also
housekeeping. •■'..,.'-
GEARY. Elegant front sunny bay-window
parlors; also other rooms; bath, gas. ,: ,
GLOBE Houso. 821 Howard— Per night, 250 to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GREEN, Light sunny room, furnished, $6
per month. _^ "
GUERRERO, — Sunny bay-window front
alcove room, well furnished: cheap.:,
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 GO to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 959— A nice sunny room in a quiet
family for a young man; $4 a month.
JESSIE, Lar_e front room suitable for
two; also housekeeping. - .:■' -':,;-•
LARKIN, Sunny front room neatly fur-
nished; one or two persons; $6.
LARKIN, 1200— Sunny front rooms In private
family; rent $4 per month and upwards.
MASON, 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week. $1 50 to $3; suites.
$4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
! MISSION, 1037— Large bay-window parlor; fold-
ing-bed; bath and gas; rent for two, $8.
MISSION, 1226— Nice large sunny parlor, piano;
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
MINN A.", 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week. _
|O1O 1 FARRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms. $8 and $10.
I OTARRELL. 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
i single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
I O'FARRELL. 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished, $10; sunny single room. $7.
! PHILADELPHIA Furnished rooms, 75c
week and upwards. 421 Bush st. -
POST, 216—3 connecting sunny rooms, suitable
for offices or otherwise.
POST. Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class In every respect. MRS.- M. SCHULZ.
POWELL. 609— Elegantly furnished sunny front
room; also housekeeping rooms.
| SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 304, near Post— Newly furnished
sunny suite, suit, man and wife: also single.
SUTTER 1111— Nicely furnished rooms: single
or en suite; also housekeeping; reasonable.
TURK, 405— Sunny suites, double and single
rooms: also 3 front connecting rooms com-
plete housekpg: range; bath; running water.
TAYLOR. 109— Sunny double room with sep-
arate beds. $10; sunny single room. $1 50.
I TENTH, 123. near Market— Nice large sunny
rooms; kitchen If desired; very cheap. .
' VAN NESs"ave.. 808— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, electric lights, bath, with board;
j terms moderate.
■ MONTGOMERY, E27. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
ROOMS A..D BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything
new. cheerful: fln<t-c!ass every respect; board
optional. Th* Slrius, 1505 Stockton ; Kearny cars
I EDDY, 626 (Irvingdale)— Lovely rooms; select
1 table; nice locatn; suits, $40 up; single, $20 up.
ELLIS. 51S— Nicely furnished rooms, best
board; $20 per month.
' FOLSOM, Ell— Swedish private boarding, with
I room. $4 to $'■ per week; nice location.
j BOL'TH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER 1128 — Sunny suite: single rooms: first-
class board: large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
THE Oriel— With or without board; new, ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st.
suites, with board for 2, $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye.. 808— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern: newly furnished: with hoard.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
AN~elderly~iady will take Infants to board; a
mother's care: references. 234 's Sixth st.
STORES TO LET.
NlCE~iarKe~store to let at 623 Post St.; rent
<20.
STORK and three living rooms; rent $10. 2343
Mission et.
STORE or factory, well lighted middle, all
over; 25x110 or part. Pl 9 Howard st.
TO LET- Corner Ftore on O'Farrell St.. suita-
ble for confectionery or bakery; oven, etc.;
rent ren°nn:it<!" HOOKER ft LENT. 14 P.st.
OFFICES TO LET.
OFFICE room, all furnished, with large vault,
at CLARK & COS.. 224 Montgomery St.,
next the Mills building; (agents for the sani-
tary stills). '
SIXTH 43, corner Mission (Esmond House)—
3 rooms occupied by Dr. Henry Sylvester for
12 years as dental parlors; 4 rooms occupied
by Dr. M. Krotozyner, physician and sur-
geon, for 10 years.
FINE partly furnished offices. 901 Sutter St.,
corner Loavenworth.
MEDICAL.
i ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Daviea,
' true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
EO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home.
> etc ; babies adopted: travelers treated; no
! deia'v self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential MRS. M. DA VIES. 59 McAllister
j st.; pills, $1: very strong, $2: can, 88.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects- taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 £0 rer box. eer.t free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DRS GOODWIN makes a hpeclalty of diseases
of women; irregularities from any cause re-
etored in one day, or no charge: restores
strength and vigor of orpan unexcelled; ma-
ternity home; best medical attendance; low
fees- "cure $5: pills, $1: when others fall,
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye.. near
McAllister st.
NBW process: a great progress In medical
-rlence for female trouble; no matter from
what cause; no medicine or instruments
used: restores in one day without fail: every
woman her own physician: away, disgrace;
consultation free: can be spnt and used at
home by the well known DR. POPPER, 313
Kearny st. ; pills and caprolea, $1.
A TRFVfMENT that restore* al! cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all Um«J
when others have failed: no Instruments used;
home in confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential: hours 10 to B and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR WYETH, 208 Turk st., near Jones.
A ST'RE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hoppitil; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will llnd In her a true friend. MRS.
DR GWYER, 226 Turk st., nr. Lesivenworth.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities, from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home In confinement: consult free: hours 10 to
6, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
LADIES Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no oiiier; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
DR and MRS. WEGEXER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with every
comfort- best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
DR. WISE'S private sanitarium, 307 Jones St.,
,'ormerly of SOO Kearny and late of Bel view
Hospital, K. V. ; diseases of women; advice
free; experienced lady attendant.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$150: RICHAKDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. D3l X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
i ALPEAU'S French pillfl, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
: OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Onkiand, Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium. 1412 Mason at. J pri-
vate home In confinement; competent physi-
cians and nurses; trms. reos. Powell-st. cars.
ELECTRICAL treatments; cures all monthly
irregularities; no medicine; no pain; lady at-
tendant; hours 9-4. 7-8. 220S»^ Mission st.
DRS. DONOVAN. 1206 Fnlsnm St.. takes ladles
at her home in their confinement; terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential
p R HALL, 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 18 years' experience. 254V^ Fourth st
ALASKA EATKKrKISKS.
FOR Dawson. Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10,
connecting with the speediest etearner on the
I Yukon the F. M. Smith; unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers ; before
making contracts call at general office. 630
Market St. ; .
I NEW, Improved, rheap processes for treating
■. refractory low-grade gold ores. Address Pro-
fessor H. Gilbert Coyle, E. M.. the Baldwin.
CHEAPEST and best in Amenca-The T e< ? k 'J
Call Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for »1 50, postage
| free.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
DO YOU WANT A
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE
VERY CHEAP?
Pretty cottage of 6 rooms, bath, etc. ; street
work complete and everything to be desired
In a nice little home. Cost owner $3750 six
months ago; now he needs cash and will
sacrifice for
SEE IT! SEE IT!
A BARGAIN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 628 Market St.
MAT R I MON yT~~
ALL seeking marriage send 12c for May '-Wed-
ding Bell." 18 pss.; 676 gents; 423 ladies; no $5
fee. EDITOR. HI Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.
HI SI.\ESS i BKSOKAJUS.
FOITsALE— The select halrdresslng and mani-
cure parlors must be sold; owner leaving
town- doing a' remarkable business. Apply
MRS.' TOBINS, 211 Port at.
; BBS . iothes— Clothes made to order;
clothes that fit; clothes that Jar the high
priced tailors In quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week^ Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS, 920 Broadway, Oakland.
NeT extra charge for dressing your hair In the
very latest style; price 25c only; good
switches $1; best, finest quullty, $3 50; extra
heavy lons, $5- Open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELFCTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House 44 Third St.. nr. Market; SOO rooms.
25c to'sl 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
DRESSMAKING — Ladles' and children's suits
made at reduced rates. 8.". Ninth st.
MI'S I>R JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician.
trained nurse. Office heated. 579 Geary Bt.
OI'INONIA Is the most perfect hair tonlo
made;* try It. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
WetS, DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call." Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60, postag«
free.
■ ._. . _
DRESSMAKERS.
MME^GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 86.
BAN FRANi'IPCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. QIC Market Bt.
PROPOSALS.
CAPITOL BUILDING! TERRITORY OF ARI-
ZONA.
PLANS AND SPECIFICATIONS CALLED
FOX.
Notice Is hereby given that the Capitol
Grounds and Building Commission of the Ter-
ritory of \rizona will receive and Inspect plans
specifications and estimates of cost of a Capitol
building for the Territory of Arizona to be
erected on the Capitol grounds, being "tract
A" of the Cui'it.i! addition of Hts to the City
o' Phoenix, Arizona, at their office in Phoenix,
on the 20th day of July, IS9B, at the hour of
10 o'clock a m. of said date; the cost of said
building not to exceed the sum of $90,000.
\t same time and pla< c said Capitol
Grounds and Building Commission will meet
and open all bids and plans, and examine and
Inspect all plans spveiflcatlons and estimates
of cost for said proposed Capitol Building that
may be submitted to it, reserving the right to
modify any plans and specifications or to re-
ject any and all of the same.
Any one. desiring to furnish plans, specifica-
tions and estimates of cost of said proposed
Capitol building van obtain full particulars
by addressing H. B. St. Claire, secretary of
eald commission. -
Said plans and specifications advertised for
In this notice must be filed with said secretary
on or before 10 o'clock a. m., on the 20th day of
July IS9B.
Tills advertisement is duly ordered by the
Capitol Grounds and Building Commission In
regular session at Phoenix, this 19th day of
May li&S J- N. BELL, President.
mmr ' H. B. ST. CLAIRE, Secretary.
PLA.NS and specifications invited for an hos-
pital building— Clerk's office, Board of Super-
visors Sun Franclaco, March 12, 11M.
In accordance with Resolution No. 797
(Fourth Beriea) of the Board of Supervisors,
public notice is hereby given to architects
that competitive plana and specifications for
the erection of an hospital building will be
received tn open ses»lon of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON, Sep-
tember 12, 1898, between the hours or 2:JU
and 3 o'clock.
The proposed building to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick,
or of both, with all the latest scientific Im-
provements required as to construction and
sanitation, equal to, if not superior, to any
building designed or contracted for hospital
purposes, as are indorsed by medical author-
ity as being i" dispensable in the construction
of such a bolldlMj
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by tha
Board of Health described as follows:
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a truct of land known as and desig-
nated on the official map of the city and
county of San Francisco as the "Almshouse
Tract," and running thence due north along
the easterly boundary line of said Almshoutt
Tract seven hundred and sixty-live (765) feet;
thence due west five hundred and fifty (SCU)
feef thence due south seven hundred and
Eixty-tive (7«5) feet to tha southerly line of
the said Alm&house Tract; thence due east
ulong the said southerly line of the Aims-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (550) feet
to the point of eoaupencement; containing
9 609 acres.
The said plans and specifications to be so
prepared that the cost of the building shall
Hot exceed In the aggregate the sum or three
hundred thousand ($800,000) dollars, whi.:h
sum must cover the entire expense for the
erection and completion of the proposed
building.
NOTlCE— Architects will prrpare and sub-
mit with their plans and specifications for
said hospital building an itemized estimate
of the cost of said building, the statute re-
quiring eight (S) hours to constitute a day's
work with a minimum rate of wages of two
(«2) dollars per day, for persons employed on
B ald building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications will be enter-
tained or considered of buildings the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to exceed
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars. Also that the architect whose plans
and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, and will be re-
quired to give a good and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the case may be, to insure the
completion and construction of the said
building for the amount of the estimate of
the cost as made by the said architect. The
architects submitting plans and specifications
determined by the board to be second, third
and fourth In merit will receive premiums of
$1000, $750 and $500 respectively, with the un-
derstanding that any features of said plans
and specifications which may be considered
useful or necessary be emt.ilied in the plans
adoptf-d may be used without further cost or
charge. JNO. A. TUTPSELL. Clerk.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS -Pursuant to an
order of the Board of TrUßtees of the State
Normal School of San Diego, California, no-
tice is hereby given that settled proposals
will be received by said board until 10 o'clock
a. m. of June 24, 1898, for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor necessary
for the erection and completion of the cen-
tral portion of the San Ditgo State NorniaJ
School building.
Separate proposals will be received and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of suld
building to wit: 1, For the masonry work,
including all brick, concrete and cem.-nt
work and all necessary excavations and fill-
ing- 2 for the iron work; 3, for the carpenter,
plastering, electric and glazing work; 4, for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work; 5, for tht
tinning and galvanized iron work; 6, tor
painting and varnishing.
No proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied with a bond of such proposer,
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
least two good and suftlcient sureties, con-
ditioned that if his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter into a proper con-
Cach proposal must be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and, together
with the above-mentioned bond, Inclosed In
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of San Diego, with an
indorsement thereon showing what portion of
the building is covered by the inclosed pro-
posal and delivered to the Merchants' Na-
tionai Bank of San Diego. California, before
10 o'clock a. m. of June 24. 1898.
=:aid proposals will be publicly opened and
contracts based thereon will be made on
June 24 IMB. at 10 ° clock a - ™-. at room 35,
Fisher Opera-house block, in San Diego, Cali-
The contractors to whom contracts are
awarded wilt be required to file with said
board a ffood and sufficient bond to the
amount of 23 per cent of the contract price
for 'the faithful and proper performance of
IThe1 The pi tins and specifications of said build-
ing can be seen during business hours at the
office of Hebbard & Gill, architects. Grant
building, San Diego. California.
The Board of Trustees reserves the right
to reject any or all proposals made.
State Normal School of San Diego, Cu.ll-
f °Bv %V R GUY. President Board Trustees.
Attest: ROBERT C. JOXKS. Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT L,.*W.
ADVICE free on all I legal . matters. ! T. '<■ F.
STACK. 14 McAllister St., room 64.
LAW of divorce: ' conscientious attorneys; ' $45
only; prompt; private. Room 41. 330 Pine st.
ADVICE • free; : no - charge unless ' successful.
W. vt. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. ■-.
"^ SEWI>« i MAC Hives! fc
12 MONTHLY— Rented; repaired,- bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st.; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds 'bought. , sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. -205 Fourth st.
Country real estate.
eastonTeldhidge & co..
Keal Estate Agents,
638 Market st.
Near Redwood City, San Mateo County; In
tracts of 10} acres or less; rich soil; plenty
water; this property immediately adjoins Red-
wood City and is only 1 hour's ride from San
Francisco; suitable for small home farms; price
below all former quotations and upon unusu-
ally easy terms.
A PRETTY COUNTRY HOME
$3500— A cozy 5-room house, with barn, wind-
mill and 1 acre of land, In a beautiful tract
near Redwood; an abundance of fruit and
flowers.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market St., San Francisco, or Branch ornce.
Redwood City.
TO LEASE— Dairy and fruit ranch; milk
route- 25 cows; 70 acres; adjoining \allejo;
good opening for industrious family man with
some money. Address at once box 4554. Call.
THE best general ranch in California; 455
acres; two-thirds alfalfa land, balance good
hay land; Improvements cost $13,000; a snap to
the right parties. CLARK & CO., 224 Mont-
gomery st.
SMALL well Improved ranch near to town; a
bargain for cash ; must sell. Box 4650. Call.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cr.ttonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
Oakland real estate.
for~sXle—
Offer wanted; house 1224 Linden St.. S
rooms, nice lot; neighborhood No. 1.
A new Colonial 7-room house, Second aye.
and East Fifteenth st., and will be sold 30
per cent less than cost.
A new and modern 9-room house. East
Twenty-eighth ft. and Eleventh aye.. East
Oakland; no substantial offer refused for this
property.
The above properties are newest, best and
cheapest homes ever offered for sale In this
city and must be sold without reserve.
Call and see them or will send full descrip-
tion upon application.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
|450— NEW cottage, 4 rooms and lot; terms to
$125— For barn, well and lot. $10 cash; $5
monthly. „
$75 for one fine lot. or more: $o cash, $o
monthly.
Build your own home, or we will build it
for you; payment as rent; all streets graded,
some macadamized; 3 electric car lines and
fine school near; soil, climate and view the
best. Allendale Settlement. East Oakland. Call
or send for circulars, 455 7th St., cor. Broad-
way. Oakland. Carriage free. H. Z. JONEta.
owner.
HANDSOME modern cottage for sale in Fruit-
vale. Oakland, 5 rooms and lot 66:2-3x150, with
flowers and fruit galore; street sewered; price
to be fixed by buyer; owner is East and
must have money; $400 all that Is required
at present: this is a rare opportunity. \VM.
M. DeWOLF, 1058 Broadway, Oakland.
RAILROAD hotel, furnished: sell, lease, cheap;
see it at once. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broad-
way, Oakland. ___^_^_^_-—
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
SUNNY Fruitvale— Beautiful furnished flat for
gentleman and wife; near train; healthy lo-
catlon: reasonable. Add. "Home," Frultvalf
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED— For rent at Piedmont; comfort-
able home of eight rooms and bath; large
and very attractive grounds, stable, etc.;
rent for a term of months or a year: rental
moderate and includes care of jrmunrts; also
cow if desired. HERON & HOLCOMB, 1050
Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE I.ORSE. f,H2 Eighth *t.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household eoods this week.
SCHELLHAAS 1 old store. 408 Eleventh at.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1100 — COTTAGE, 6 rooms; lot 35x125: close to
station and High School; street work,
sewer, cement walks, etc., complete.
$1300 — Modern cottnge and lot in good location;
any terms; Knap.
$2200— To close an estate; fine modern cottage,
6 rooms; lot 50x140; best location; $1500 can
remain.
$3500— Modern colonial cottage, 6 rooms; corner
lot; good location; very easy terms.
Fine list of furnished and unfurnished houses
to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MO REAL & CO., 1432 Park st.,
Alameda.
SPECIAL NOTN 'E.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUBT LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, HMO, J2200, $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4 5 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near scnools and sta-
We are eolng to weed them out. and invite
Inspection. MARCrSE & REMMEL.
Bav-st. stntion, Alameda, and C2B Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
GIVEN away— s3ooo; lot 58x104; cottage i rooms,
bath: SW. cor. Park st. and Blandlng aye.;
property on easy installments In all parts of
Alameda. C. J. LANCASTER. Real Estate
Agent. Notary Public, 1340 Park st.. .' lameda.
IN Alameda, on a main thoroughfore, three
blocks west of Park St.. lot 50x140, modern
cottage, 5 rooms and bath, $2200; $1700 can
remain flat or Installments at 7Ms per cent;
make offer. HERON & HOLCOMB, 1050
Broadway, Oakland.
Mt'ST be sold; owner absent: no reasonable
offer refused: a t-flat handsome building:
snnnv corner; Alameda; splendid artesian
water Apply to MRS. NASH. 1033 Eagle aye.,
Alamodn. between Willow and Chestnut sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Vhlrd St.. near Mar-
ket: 20 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night; JIM toll
week; convenient respectable: free bus
9n«l rngrac* to and from fer v.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
TO let Fine 6-room house; good location; $16.
J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IMPROVED property across the btiy: sell
cheap or exchange. See ISAACS, 409 O'Far-
rell st. '
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Tft9 Weekly
Cell, in wrapper, for mailing.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE— RancIf worth $35,000, near Oak-
land: will exchange for city property and
assume mortgage.
Pnfhe orchard of 10 acres within 2 miles of
San Jose; will exchange for city, Oakland or
Alameda property.
SO acres of well improved orchard within 24
miles of Santa Cruz; will exchange for city
unimproved property.
j. BROWNS j^'WE. 11 Montgomery st.
MONEY TO LOAK.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal- no commissions: no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South' 14.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUG AN & CO., 230 Kearny st.. upstairs.
ANY amount at 6»4 per cent on real estate; 2d
nnd 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate furniture without removal. R. Me-
COLO AN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
HTO'HL.Y respectnble ana private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
StoVe, 948 Market St.: tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval- low rates: no commission: $25 up:
private party. BQJWBLU. 130 Powell st.
1100 000 TO loan on Income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W^ OWKN, 1405 Call bldg.
rf-AI.. estate furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 323 Montgomery.
ANY sum l3t or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 60S California st.
150 TO ISO. 000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any turn: Ist and 2d mort-
ices, estates, etc. MURPHY. 62S Market at.
ON nlanns furniture: no removal: lowest
rates: no 'com.: private. 11« McAllister st.
MOSEY WANTED.
MODERN residence wanted; 7 to 10 rooms;
north or west side of street on Pacific or
Presidio Helchts; cost not to exceed $8000;
state price and details. Address hox 4*>.'9, Call.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS en real estate, bonds, etc. ; lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS- 108 Montgomery . St.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office, 22 Mason St.. bet. Market and Eddy.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F\ CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium: while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she
will show you now to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions: unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burle property; locates treasure",
minerals; tells your entire life, rast, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Tend stamp for circular with
Fpeclal terms. MRd. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 1206 Market st., opposite Sixth.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader: past,
present and future: 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 10.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVEN'A reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card-reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st.. room J.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle tc, gray?; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 OFarrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession; never fails; advice: help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 10c. 605 McAllister st. : fine music.
CIRCLE to-night. 8 o" clock. 112V4 Oak st. C.
MAYO-STEERS; readings dally. $1.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
Bp. m., 25 cents. 409 Leavenwcrth st.
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister; tel. JessJe^SSS.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader: Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 23S Valencia St.; read-
ings $1; cir. Tues., Fri., 2 p. m. ; Sat., 8; 25a
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
ASTROLOGY— Your fortune by your name; oc-
cult science. 911% Mission St.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123>4 Sixth St.. room 2.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Haight St.
PALMISTRY.
CHARACTER described. Send 25c (stamps),
and date of birth to "Astro," box 4599, Call.
MRS. CHANDLER; readings Tues.. Thurs..
Sat. at hall. 305 Larkin St.; Mon.. Wed., Fri.
residence. 3.'3 Cenry st.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute. 402V4 Geary: hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued: diseases and habits cured.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists; painless extraction;
teeth, per set, $5 up; gold filling, 75c up: sil-
ver, 25c up: old plates made over, $1 up: all
work warranted; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission st., cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates 1 ade over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or t«eth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAI" VROOM Electro Dental I arlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guamnteed to stand: open even-
ings. 997 Market st., corner Sixth.
DR. LI'KLLA <'<m>j., BM Sutter; crowns, $5;
aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL worlc reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
6ET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. a
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly !
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for Jl 50, postage
paid.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Varket; diseases of women a specialty.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Luigi Finuccki and Agnes Massom. 22—16.
Clarence Warnock and Hay < 'liver, 32—21.
Stephen Hassll ard Theodora Hirt. 27—22.
James Penfleld and Catharine Franey,49— 39.
Joseph H. Coleman and Mary Feeney, 2S — 25.
Albert E. Vesey ar.'l Amelia Oliver. 47—53.
Calvin N. Langion and Maud Lowell. 33—27.
Henry Block and Sarah Martin. 5S— 4l.
Michael J. Hayes and Katie O'Shea, 29—27.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be end raed with the name and residence of
parties authorized to have the same published.
HORN.
ALLEN— In Paso Robles. May 16, 1898, to the
wife of S. T. Allen, a son.
COKER— In Sacramento. May 19, 1898, to the
wife of C. G. Coker, a son.
DUNN— In this city, May H, 1898, to the wife
of Charles A. Dunn, a son.
GRANTZ— In Santa Cruz, May 21, IS9B, to the
wife of William P. Grantz, a son.
HIPPELY— In this city. May 22, IS9B. to the
wife of Charles Hippely, a son.
KELLY— In Sacramento, May 19. IS9S, to the
wife of John Kelly, a son.
NOLAN— In this city, May 1, 1898, to the wife
of W. H. Nolan, a son.
McDONALD— In this city. May 17. 1898, to the
wife of D. J. McDonald, a daughter.
SHAW— Near Arroyo Grande. May 14, 1898, to
the wife of T. Phaw, a son.
SIMPSON— In Highland, May 19, IS9B, to tha
wife of J. W. Simpson, a daughter.
TODD— In Nevada City, May IS, 1597, to the
wife of H. Todd, a son.
MARRIED.
BriAUNER— FULLER— In this city. May 21,
IS9B at the residence of the bride's mother,
839 O'Farrell street, by the Rev. Dr. Steb-
bins, Alexander Harrison Rrauner of New
York City and Ella Frances Fuller.
COOK— GASSMANN— In this city, May 16.
IMb, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Albert Cook
and Cecil Gassmann. -'.
CONDIT— DAY— In Rocklin, May 10. IS9B, B.
C. Condit of San Andreas and Mazie B. Day
of Rocklin.
HANSEN— JAKOBSEN— In this city, May 7,
1898, by the Rev. Philip Coombe. John H.
Hansen and Karen Jakobsen, both of San
Francisco.
IRVINE— DALY— In Vallejo, May 19, 1898, by
the Rev. Dr. Freeman, Thomas Irvine of
San Francisco and May E. Daly of Vallejo.
O'BRIEN— In this city, April 27,
IS9S. by the Rev. Father Brennan, . James F.
O'Brien and Fannie M. Wilson, both of San
Francisco. .
VESEY— Albert E. Vesey of Bat-
tery H. Third Artillery, and Amelia B. Oli-
ver. •
SKINNER— In Oakland, May 23,
1898", by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Peter Henry
Wissing and Eliza Skinner.
WHIPPLE— In Nlles, Cal., May 19,
IMS, at the residence of the bride's parents,
. by the Rev. F. H. Maar, James R. Whlpple
of Decoto and Laura M. Thane.
DIED.
Bauer. John C. , Kiley, Evelyn V.
Barnett. Julian J. *"■ lougmore. Alfred C.
Crow, Guadalupo McGinn. Annie M.
Cox, Stephen McGoldrick, Daniel
Cameron. Anna McCarty. James F.
Case, Herbert P. McKenney, Mary E.
Car}-, James C. Miller, Thomas
Delehenty. William O'Grady, John
liurney, Margaret E. Ostrowski. Louis J.
Flnley, Nicholas Parsons. Mary E.
Frichette. Margaret Rehm, Elizabeth
Fairchild, J.>V. Stromberg. Lillie M.
- Herbert, Mary M. Wettsteln. Edward A.
Hickey, John H. Williams. Gustaf
Hancock. Paul Winthar. Mrs. C.W.
Krieger, Mata Watson, Glenn M.
BAUER— Victoria, B. C May 21, 1898, John
Christian, beloved husband of Carrie Bauer.
. and father of George W., C. J. and Carrie
Bauer, a native of Wurtemberg, Germany,
aged 62 years and 6 months. . ;
{CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
May 26, lS'-'S, :• at 2 - o'clock, from Masonic,
Temple, ' corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, where services will be held at 2
o'clock sharp under the : auspices of Her-
mann Lodge No. 127, F. and A. M. Germania
Lodge No. 171S, K. of H., Arlon Gesang and
San Francisco Turn Verein are respectfully
Invited . to attend. Interment I. O. -O. F.
Ci rrutery. crtmadon,
UAKN'KTT— In this city, May 23. 1898, Julian
J., beloved and only son of M;iik and Frances
Barnett. a native of Han Francisco, aged 1
year 8 months an«l 4 days.
C ROW— In this city. May 22, 1898. Ouadalupe,
beloved wife of O. M. Crow, and mother of
Mrs. H. Hartley, Mrs. M. Harkness of Salt
Lake City, Mrs. George Lay Harvey. Harry
anil Charley Crow and the late Emllien
O'Brien, a native of Monterey, aged 61 years
5 months and 10 days. (Watsoriville and Sa-
linas City papers please copy.)
ICTFriendb and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F. S'uhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CASE— In this city, May 23, - 93. Herbert P.
Case, a native of California, aged 43 years.
COX-In this city. May 22. IS9S. Stephen Cox,
a native of Nova Scotia, aged 53 years.
ICTRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
CAMERON— In this city, May 23. 1898. Anna.
beloved wife of Daniel Cameron, a native ot
New Jersey, aged 42 years.
CARY— In this city, May 23, 1898, James C.
Cary, aged 73 years.
DELEHENTY— In this_city. May 22, IS9S ■. VHI-
liam, son of Maryland the late William
Delehenty, and brother of Thomas. Edward
and George Delehenty. a native of ban fran-
clso, aged 32 years. ,
ICTThe funeral wi'! take place this day
(Tuesday), at 6:30 o'clock, from the parlors
cf J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St Brendan's Church. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DURNEY— In this city, May 22. 1898, Margaret
E., relict of the late Alfred F. Durney. and
beloved mother of Mrs. Thomas H. l>rady,
a native of Queens County. Ireland.
[£7"Tho funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2228 Geary street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the re.pose of her soul, at 9.SU
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
FINLEY— In this city. May 22, 1898, Nicholas
Finley, beloved father of Minnie, John. James
and Annie Finley, a native of Kilkenny. Ire-
land, aged 68 years.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeraJ this day
(Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlora
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FRICHETTE— In this city. May 22. IS9B. Mar-
garet M., wife of Louis D. Frlchette. mother
of Louis J., Sadie A.. Lawrence D.. Nellie
V. and the late James A. Frichette. and sis-
ter of James Ross, a native of Scotland, aged
52 years.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 89 Powell avenue. Interment Cypress
Lawn Ometcry. by carriage.
FAIRCHILD— In Pleasanton, Alameda County,
May 23. 1898, J. A. Fairchild, brother of W.
G 'and S. F Fairchild. Mrs. A. A. Burson
and Mrs. S. M. Sackman, a native of Ohio,
aged 6."> years.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors o£
Albert Brown, 4CS Thirteenth street. Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
HERBERT— In this city. May 22. 18&8. Mary
M , beloved wife of John H. Herbert, and
mother of Charles. George A. and Albert
Herbert, a native of Baltimore, aged 63 years.
CTFrlemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeraJ this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Central
Methodist Church, Mission street, near Sixth.
Interment Baltimore.
lIK'KEY— In Oakland, May 22, 1898. John H.,
beloved husband of Annie Hlckey, and
brother of Daniel. Nellie and May Hickey, a
native of Santa Cruz, Cal., aged 34 years 2
months and 27 days.
HANCOCK— In this city, May 23. IS9B, Paul,
beloved son of the late John and Mary F.
Hancock, a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years.
(ET" Remains at the parlors of McAvoy &
Gallagher, 2') Fifth Ftreet.
KRIEGER— In Pinole, May 23, IS9B, Mata.
wife of William Krieger. a native of Ger-
many, agf-d 67 years.
OrTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), nt 9 o'clock, from her lat=)
residence, thence to San Pablo Baptist Church
for services, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
KILEY— In this city. May 23. I*9B, at the resi-
dence of her parents. 1017 Lombard street,
Evelyn V.. dearly beloved daughter of Phil
E. and Ida M. kiley (nee Evans), aged X
year.
(reinterment private.
LOUGMORE— In this city. May 22. 1898, Alfred
C. Lougmore. a native of Ireland, aged 74
years 11 months and 22 days.
(b^Friends and acquaintances are respeet-
tuil- Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall.
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company,
123 Stockton street, corner of Gear}'.
McGINN— In this city. May 2?, 1898, Annie M.,
beloved wife of George McGinn, mother of
: h A., George F., Leo J., Allen L.,
Tlmmas P. and Ignatius McGinn,, and eis-
t.r of J R-, P. F. and T. P. Skelly. Mrs.
S. F. Crozler, Mrs. T. McLaughlln and Mrs.
F. Dlagleto, a native of Dublin. Ireland,
aged 51 years 10 months and 25 days.
[LTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 204 Twelfth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McGOLDRICK— In this city. May 21, 1898. at
the residence of his brother-in-law, Daniel
Giblen. 1520 Franklin street corner Pine, Dan-
iel, dearly beloved husband of the late Wini-
fred McGoklrlck, father of Daniel. Mary, Nel-
lie, Georgie and Winifred McGoldrick. and
beloved brother of Patrick and William Mc-
Goldrick and Mrs. Daniel Giblen, a native
of SHgo. Ireland, aged 52 years.
(r^rFriemis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from ir>2'"> Franklin street, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCARTY— At Presidio reservation, May 23,
!vs, James I-\, beloved son of Frank J. and
Elizabeth McCarty, and brother of Mamie L.,
John J., William P. and Frank McCarty, a
lieutenant of Company O, League of the
Cross Cadets, and sergeant of Campany D,
First Infantry. California Volunteers, a na-
tive of New York City, aged 22 years 3
months and 7 days.
B^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) at 9:15 o'clock, from tHe resi-
dence of his parents. 218 Ellsworth street, off
c.irtland avenue, thence to Old St. Mary's
College Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
Mi KKNNEY— In this city. May 23. IS9B. Mary
E beloved daughter of the late Johanna
McKenney, and sister of Julia. Annie, John
and the late Michael McKenney, a native of
Connecticut.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), nt 2 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1 Sheridan street, between Ninth
and Tenth thence to St. Joseph's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
JIir.LER— In this city. May 23. IS9B. Thomaa
Miller, a native of Villlntcersdorf, Wurtem-
berg. Germany, aged 72 years.
|E^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Boniface' 9
Church." Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'GRADY— In the City a,nd County Hospital,
May 22, 189 S. John O'Grady, a native of Ire-
land, aged H years.
OSTROWSKI— In this city, May 23, 1898. Louis
John beloved son of Frank and Katherlne
Ostrowski, and brother of Frank A.. Flor-
ence M., Laura. Victoria an. 1 . Stanislaus Os-
trowFki, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
years and 6 months.
PARSONS— IB St. Helena. Cal.. May 22, 1898,
Mary E.. beloved wife W. C. Parsons, a na-
tive of New York, aged 4". years 11 months
and 14 days. (Arizona papers please copy.;
ICTFrienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully ipvited to attend the funem.l this day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of W. C. Doane. 29 Hill street, between
Valencia and Guerrero. Interment private.
REHM— In this city. May 22. 189 S. Elizabeth,
dearly beloved wife of Jacob Rehm. dearly
beloved mother of Michael Rehm, Mrs.
Charles Gantner and 'JJacob. Christopher,
Catharina, Elizabeth and Clara Rehm. and
sister of Carl. Michael and Jacob Lutz and
Mrs William Roller, a native of Grenstadt,
Rheinpfalz. Germany, aged 46 years 9 months
and 14 days. (San Jose papers please copy.)
(OrFricriili and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 2307* Taylor street, near Francisco.
STROMHKKG-May 22, IS9S , LiUle May be-
loved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Strom-
berg aged IS years and 18 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
ful^ invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 516 Lombard Btret. Interment Ma-
sonic Crmetery.
WETTSTEIN— In this city. May 20. IS9S. Ed-
ward A dearly beloved husband of Rosa
Wettstein, father of Edward and Fred Wett-
Etein and brother of Mrs. Joe Tresch. Mrs.
John Michel, Mrs. Albin Furrer and Michael
Wettrtein. a native of Andermatt. Canton
I'ri Switzerland, aged 25 years 5 months and
1" (lays. A members of Helvetia Verein.
"ir3""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tue*dav) at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 4MW Mission road, thence to St. Anto-
nia's ' Church. Army and Folsom streets,
where a requiem hlph mass will be celebrated
for the repOM of his soul, commencing at
in : 2n o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
wnilAMS-In this city. May 21, 1898. Gustaf,
beloved father of Willie Williams, a native
of Finland, aged 58 yfars.
rT'Th? funeral will take plac« this day
(Tue-silav) ut 11 o" click, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street,
between Third and Fourth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
WIKTHAR— In Oakland. May 23 1898. Mrs.
Carrie W. Winthar, a native of Chicago, HI.,
aged S3 years and 4 months.
WVTSON— In Lop Angeles. May 21, 189?, Glenn
v beioved son of QOOIHC ". ;in '^ Jessie Wat-
«on and grandson of J. P. Wonderlich, a
native of California, n,gert 7 yars.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FUKERAi, DIRECTORS A. EMBALMEB3 I
iO 117 TH ST., Opp. Lincoln Sciwal.
Telephone. South 30. I
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMEKa.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye.. near ilariec «C. Saa
Francisco. Telephone So. 154.
1314
SAD FATE OF
A COMIC
JUGGLER
William Fielding in a
Padded Cell.
A VICTIM OF STRONG DRINK.
MUST CANCEL ENGAGEMENT AT
THE ORPHEUM.
The Doctors at the Receiving Hospi
tal Believe That His Mind Is
Almost Gone.
George H. Fielding, the "comic juggler"
who recently did a turn at the Orpheum,
is locked up in a padded cell in the Re
ceiving Hospital. Yesterday afternoon
he staggered into the hospital and asked
to be treated.
"I am up against it," he remarked.
"John Barleycorn has succeeded in floor
ing me like he did poor old John L. Sulli
van."
After being given a dose of medicine j
the clever Juggler was placed in a padded j
cell, as it is believed that his mind is de- j
ranged through the excessive use of
liquor.
Fielding arrived here about ten days
ago to fill an engagement at the Or- j
pheum. He made a big hit the first night
ne appeared at the theater, and was at i
once signed to perform at the various ]
theaters comprising the Orpheuiti clr
cult. The following day he got drunk, ;
and as he was unable to appear the man- j
ager of the Orpheum canceled his en- ;
gagement and advised him to return to
nis home in the East. Since then Field
ing has been on a debauch, and finding
himself in a serious condition he con- j
eluded to visit the hospital in search of j
medical assistance. As he sat in his cell I
last night he imagined that he was on the !
stage, delighting a vast audience with his
clever tricks.
Juggling with some imaginary objects,
he would toss them in the air and appear
to catch them as they fell.
When one of the attendants would peer
into his cell he would a.sk him what he !
thought of the tricks, and beg to give !
him a "boost" in the newspapers.
"I am the greatest living juggler," he
would declare. "Barnum first discovered
me and introduced me to the great Amer- j
lean public. My rivals in the business are
jealous of me, and have conspired to get I
me out of the way." •»"
The doctors at the hospital believe that
Fielding's mind is gone. Unless his
mental condition is improved they expect. |
to be compelled to place a charge of in
sanity against him. Fielding has a heist
of friends in the Bast, who will sincerely ,
mourn his sad condition.
NOT A PARTY FIGHT.
All Citizens Advised to Oppose the
New Charter.
P. J. Reynolds presided last Saturday
night in Bunce's Hall at a meeting of
the Forty-third District Central Silver
Club. After a number of those present
had expressed themselves In opposition to
the proposed charter the following pre
amble and resolution were unanimously
adopted:
Whereas, Section 2 of article XII of the
proposed new charter requires the Board of
Supervisors to determine the kind of. lawful
money in which municipal bonds shall be made
payable; and
Whereas. This provision in effect means and
can mean only that municipal bonds under
the new charter would be payable in gold, thus
establishing in this city the creditorr's option
perpetuating the gold standard and tending
to render difficult, if not impracticable the
restoration of. bimetallism, violating the letter
and spirit of the National Democratic Popu
list and Silver Republican platforms;' there
fore
Resolved. That it is the duty of all Demo
crats, Populists and Republicans? who are sin
cere in their political pretensions to vote
against the proposed new charter at the spe
cial election, and we hereby censure and con
demn ail such a? are now engaged In the at
tempt to tolst on the people an instrument
which departs bo radically from the recent
trachlnfis and profeasiona of political parties
and party lea
Olsen in Contempt.
The writ of habeas corpus recently is
sued out in the Superior Court by J. B.
Olsen to escape a short term of imprison
ment imposed upon him by Justice of the
Peace Cook was dismissed yesterday by
Judge Carroll Cook of the Superior Court
Olsen was sued a short time ago by an
artist for the price of a picture he had
painted for the defendant, and notwith
standing the order of court. Olsen refused
to respond to an order of examination. In
consequence Judge Cook found him guilty
of contempt and committed him to jail for
twenty-four hours. Now that the writ
has been dismissed Olsen must either go
to jail or purge himself of contempt.
New Racing Corporation.
Articles of incorporation of the Pacific
Coast Trotting-horse Association were
filed yesterday. The directors are: John
F. Boyd. A. B. Spreckels, E. P. Heald,
A. G. Gurnett. F. M. Covey, Alfred H.
Cohen, T. J. Crowley, C. A. Hug, D. E.
Knight, J. C. Kirkpatrick and Joseph C.
Simpson.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRY THIN
AND
FALLING HAIR
The purest, sweetest, and most effectiYe*
treatment is warm shampoos with
followed by light dressing* with Cuticura,
purest of emollient skin cures. This treat-
ment will clear the scalp and hair cf
crusts, scales, and dandruff, allay itching, i
soothe irritation, heal eruptions, destroy
microscopic insects which feed on the
hair, stimulate the hair follicles and sup-
ply the roots with nourishment and en-
ergy, thus producing a clean, wholesome
scalp, with luxuriant, lustrous hair.
Bad Scalp Humor Cured
I had a bad scalp humor, and thought 1
. would go frantic with •itching. I lost consid-
e rable of my hair (of which I had an abun-
dance, and was very proud). I tried several
remedies but they all proved a failure. I tried
CtmcoßA Soap, found relief Immediately,
and that itching Is completelygone.
Mrs. M. JTDAX,
Feb. 20, 1898. 246 HalHday St., Jersey City.
Falling Hair Restored
I was troubled with dandruff so that it made
my hair fall out so bad I pot discouraged. I
purchased a box of Ccticdra (ointment) and
a cake of Cdticdra Soap. The former I
rubbed well into the scalp twice a week, and
then shampooed with warm water and a good
lather of Cuticctba Soap once a week. I
, am pleased to say that ■■ my hair is growing
out thick once more, and free from dandruff.
-■■v:-;-...-' . >lissADA JAVES, --v
Feb 20, '98. . 82 "Webster Aye., Chelsea, Mass.
► Bold throor hot* tt» world. Pottm O»w» iioCim.
. Coat-, Sol • Prop** J»o»ton. >- v ,._, ; "■'■-„ • V.
83-- All About th»Bc»lp tod Biir.'mtUMlfrM.
CHARGED HER
WITH MURDER
Mrs, Gregory as Hugh
Williams' Slayer.
RESULT OF THE INQUEST.
EVIDENCE AGREEING WITH THE
WOMAN'S STORY.
Nevertheless the Jury Recommends
That Her Husband Be Dis
missed.
The Coroner's jury In the case of Hugh
Webster Williams rendered the following
verdict last night:
''We, the jury, do find that the
name of deceased was Hugh Webster
Williams, a native of England, aged
about 55 years, and that he came to
his death in a milk wagon on his way
from 2019 Eagle avenue to the police
station, Alameda, at about 11 o'clock
a. m. May 22, 1898, and that death
was caused by internal hemorrhage
produced by a bullet wound inflicted
by Mrs. Abbie M. Gregory at 2019
Eagle avenue, Alameda, and we do
recommend that William M. Gregory
be held as accessory to the murder of
Hugh Webster Williams."
The following jury had been impaneled
by Deputy Coroner Fowler for the
purpose of holding the Inquest on the
body of Williams, who was shot to death
in Alameda Sunday: J. R. Bigler, J. D.
Judd, J. B. Vosburgh, J. A. Riley, E. J.
Bevan, J. A. Munro, F. P. Fury. J. D.
Judd acted as foreman.
The first witness called at the Inquest
last night was Mrs. Gregory. She told
of her acquaintance with Williams, as
: already related, and of his history and
: occupation.'" Nothing was asked her about
: the affair of the shooting or what led up
to it.
Officer Lawrence testified to having
been directed by Gregory to the house on
Eagle avenue. He went there and found
Mrs. Gregory at the door. She had blood
on her fa.cc and clothing. There was a
man lying on the kitchen floor alive and
with his pulse beating. They removed
the man to a milk wagon which they
had brought with them, but he died on
the way to the Morgue and the body was
taken there. Lawrence took Gregory to
jail and went back after Mrs. Gregory
and put her under arrest.
Sergeant Conrad testified to Gregory
calling at the police station with blood
on his face and clothes. He said he had j
a fight with a man on Eagle avenue, and j
that his antagonist was in a pretty bad
way. He said the man had forced his j
way into a house and abused a woman
and child, and he had had a row with
him. He said the man was knocked out
and was drunk. Later the officer sent to
the house returned and said that the man
was dead. Conrad went and examined
the house and found evidence of a severe
struggle.
Victnrine Courtois, the nurse employed I
by Mrs. Gregory, testified that she had '
been in the house since the 4th inst. Had i
only seen Gregory twice, the first time j
about two weeks ago. Had seen Williams
before and had not let him in the house
because Mrs. Gregory was not at home.
On Sunday he came to the back door.
Mrs. Gregory told her not to let him in. |
He said he wanted to see the child. She
tried to keep him out. but he pushed his j
way in and went into the room where ,
Mrs. Gregory, Mr. Gregory and the child i
were. She heard no noise of talking or j
MRS. W. M. GREGORY.
scuffling: as she was !n the kitchen at the
time. After a while she heard the boy
cry and went In. The boy was standing
close to the bed. Gregory and Williams
were standing up fighting. She saw Mrs
Gregory holding the pistol, and .Mrs
Gregory told her she had shot Williams
She heard the shot while she was in the
kitchen. Subsequently, in reply to a
question, witness said she did not see the
pistol in Mrs. Gregory's hand.
Mrs. Gregory told her she had Phot
Williams to defend her husband. Gregory
dragged Williams out of the bed into the
kitchen. Mrs. Gregory's hands and face
had blood on them. The pistol was shown
witness, and she identified it as the one
that she saw every morning under the
pillow. Mrs. Gregory had spoken about
AVitllams to her several times, and said
he had bothered her all the time. While
Williams was lying in the kitchen he did
not say anything. Mrs. Gregory had
called to her, and said, "Help me, for Wil
liams is going to kill my husband." At
the time she saw them fighting Gregory
had nothing in his hands.
Myrtle street, corner of Fourteenth
Dr. Keys described the wounds in the
man's head, and said he thought they
were caused by the pistol. Dr. Buteau
testified that in his opinion the man
might have lived several hours with such
a wound or might have died instantly.
Levi Siemmens and James Fowler gave
important testimony, and Mrs. Gregory
testified that the letter found on Wil
liams' body was in his handwriting.
Gregory was in attendance with coun
sel, but was not called as a witness, nor
did his attorney take any p*rt in the pro
ceedings.
There were several developments of in
terest yesterday in the tragedy. Gregory
refused to say anything ;'.bout the affair
until after he had consulted his attorney,
and Attorney H. H. Davis of San Fran
cisco, for whom he had sent, did not
present himself during the day.
Mrs. Gregory, on the other hand, was
not at all reticent and was perfectly will
ing to talk about the affair. When told
that her husband said that it was he and
not she who fired the shot she contradict
ed him and said that he was mistaken.
She got hold of the pistol first and fired
it, but as Williams kept on fighting with
Gregory she did not think she had hit
him. After she fired at Williams and
dropped the pistol her husband picked it
up and beat Williams over the head with
it for some time, and he might have
thought that he fired it off, but she says
he did not. He was so excited and Wil
liams was fighting so desperately that
Gregory might easily have thought that
he (Gregory) shot him. Mrs. Gregory went
over all the details of the affair again to
day and told substantially the same story
as yesterday, not varying In any im
portant point.
She went into Williams' history to a
greater extent than before and "showed
an Intimate knowledge of his operations
and schemes for raising money by means
of his inventions. She said that he had
obtained a considerable amount from J.
H. Lounge of this city, but Lounge found
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 1898.
A DEADLY PARALLEL OF
FIGURES THAT CANNOT LIE.
There will Be an Absolute Loss to the Teachers of the City anu
County of 14 Per Cent From Their Present Salaries Should
the Proposed Charter Become a Law.
x It is claimed by the advocates of the new charter that it will cause no changes in the salaries vi school
teachers and no changes in the moneys to be used for school purposes. Figures may be juggled to suit purposes,
but the plain presentation of official figures admits of no juggling. Below is given a table which shows in the deadly
parallel the exact financial condition of the School Department should the new charter become the constitutional law
of this city and county.
These figures may be relied upon as being absolutely and officially correct, and can be verified from the following
extracts from the charter as it has been framed and as it is now presented to the voters of the City and County of San
Francisco:
Article VII, Chapter 111, Section 9, provides as follows: "For this purpose (payment of salaries) the Audi
tor shall annually segregate so much of the common school fund as shall not exceed twenty-eight dollars for each
pupil in average daily attendance in the public schools in the City and County during the preceding fiscal year."
Under the proposed charter all salaries must be paid out of this sum, including superintendents, four deputy
superintendents, four School Directors, secretary of the Board of Education, clerks, messengers, attaches, census mar
shals, janitors and teachers.
Article XVI, Section 33. reads as follows: "No deputy, clerk or employe of the City and County shall be paid
for a greater time than that covered by his actual service."
The natural deduction to be reached from the above quoted paragraphs from the new charter and the following
table, is that upon the teachers of the city and county will fall the burden of a loss of the sum of $139,252 each year, to
be taken bodily from their present salaries or to be deducted through payment only for actual time spent in the school
room. To be convinced of this it is only necessary to read and study the following table:
Under
Present Act.
Revenue.
Expense.
Appropriation for
1897-98 $1,080,000
Teachers' salaries $996,000
Janitors' salaries 55,500
Office salaries 9,990
Shop salaries 7,230
Board of Exam-
iners 400
Census 7,000
Incidental sala-
ries, lawyers,etc 2,000
—
Total $1,078,120
It will be seen by the above table that there will be a deficit of $101,752.
This added to $37,500— the sum necessary to provide for the care of 1500 new
pupils, which is the estimated increase for the ensuing year— makes a total of
$139,252 to be deducted from the salaries of the teachers, leaving $856,748 to
be paid to teachers, or 14 per cent less than they are at present receiving.
that he was not reliable and so dropped
him He also discovered that \% illiams
had' been in an insane asylum in New
York and had been discharged cured
Mrs. Gregory says that V\ illiams often
boasted to her of his strength and said
that he could crush any man s hand with
his grip. He had bragged that he could
kill a man with one blow of his fist. He
had made so many boasts and threats
that she was afraid of her life and used
often to lock the door and pretend no one
was at home when she saw him coming.
The following letter was written to Mrs.
Gregory by Williajns about May 1:
Abhie- Are you willing that disagreeable
matt or "shall be bygones? A little frank ex
planation without heat or passion on eltner
Fide may put matters right between us. If
you are frankly disposed on your part to
enter into this explanation I am on mine, «
this Is agreeable to you send me word per this
messenger, or if you need mnre time to think
over send me word to the works statin* when
and 'where I may see you. I sincerely believe
I can now show and put you In the way where
by you may be much happier and better pro
vided for than you are Just now. This is due
to you even If we meet and part after forever.
At 'any rate, let It be friendly, if nothing more,
Abbie This Is your affair and mine and above
all things should be kept to ourselves. No third
party can ever do any good In matters of this
nature. Therefore I hope you will observe it
so, whether you meet me or not.
In order that a third party may not know
whom you are corresponding with address me as
Thompson. Messenger Office, Ala. Of course,
if you write to the works address proper name.
Should I see you I will explain my reasons
for this.
The Oakland Tribune says:
Webster H. Williams, the victim of the
tragedy, met a fate which those who
knew him some time ago felt would
eventually overtake him. In him were
united the elements which characterize
what are known as "high rollers," who.
by hook or crook, succeed in having a
good time and who seem to revel in the
company of women.
The episode of yesterday brought Wil
liams unexpectedly to the attention of his
acquaintances after a mysterious disap
pearance of nearly a couple of years.
Williams' last scene of operations prior
to his violent death was in San Leandro,
in this county. He made his appearance
there about the time specified, when the
Town Council of the place was engaged
in a violent warfare with Landers, the
leading light of the gas company of the
place.  .; ;:f
"Williams made his appearance, stated
that he was an Englishman of high de
gree, and tried to prove this by consum
ing champagne in liberal quantities, giv
ing swell dinners and basking in the smile
of female company from various parts of
the State. It is claimed he had a scheme
for making gas oy means of which the
Illuminant could be produced at the mini
mum of cost. He finally took hold of the
San Leandro gas works and induced-sev
eral other people to go into the scheme
with him.' Williams collected the money
and allowed material hills to run unsatis
fied He was the principal projector also
in the California Free Payment Gas Me
ter, through which, by depositing coin of
various denominations, a consumer could
buy as much gas as he was disposed to
pay for. The scheme fizzled. Landers got
back his gas works. Williams' associates
were fleeced and Williams himself
skipped. ____^ ___
LUMBER FIRM INSOLVENT.
Harris & Jones Fail for Eighty-Nine
Thousand Dollars.
The lumber firm of Harris & Jones has
been forced to the wall. r . The firm, which
is composed of Hugh B. Jones and Fred
erick .R. King, applied to the Superior
Court -yesterday to be declared insolvent,
and in its petition scheduled its liabilities
at $89,801.74. To partially offset this vast
indebtedness the firm has assets in its
possession aggregating $49,578 30. Of .'. this
sum. however, personal property valued
at $42,913 28 is pledged the Crocker-Wool
worth Bank, the i largest • creditor of a, the
firm, the amount due the bank being
$57,728 94. The principal creditors are:
Crocker - "Wool worth National Bank,
$37 728 94- Hannah A. Goss. $1850: Bank of
Ch'ico $450; H. McKay, $3000; Union Lum
ber Company. $2710 58; Simpson Lumber
Company, $2337; 54; W. P. Fuller & Co.,
$IC>7 61; Caspar Lumber Company,
$H72 07. "..-• ---.-:- v - "--;'■
Waller Pleads Not Guilty.
Judges Cook and Wallace overruled the
demurrer recently raised by School Di
rector Waller to ; the indictment charging
him with haying; solicited a "bribe, yester
day morning. Judges Cook, Wallace and
Borden sat in bank to hear the case, arid
after argument : % had concluded, : Judges
Cook and Wallace : decided that the de
murrer should be overruled, while Judge
Borden dissented. After the court : had
read its decision-Waller was formally ar
raigned and pleaded not guilty.. His trial
was set for June l. r e.::
Ladies' tailor-made 'cults: latest designs: w«
Civ* credit. li. Rothschild. 211 Sutter. r. 6 * 7.
der the New
Charter.
Revenue.
Revenue at $28 per
capita on aver-
age attendance
of 35,431 $992,068
Teachers' salaries
Superintendent . . .
4 Deputy Super-
intendents
4 School Directors
Janitors
Office
Secretary
Census
$996,000
4,000
12,000
12,000
55,500
5,520
1,800
7,000
Total
$1,093,820
992,068
•
Deficit...
$101,752
$101,752
THEY FOUGHT
FOR GLORY
Boxing Night at the
Manhattan Club.
A HOT FIGHT STOPPED.
M. EGAN KNOCKED OUT BY
TYE OF OAKLAND.
Rings That Are Without Padded
Floors Are Considered Danger
ous by the Police.
If Tom Sharkey and big Jim Jeffries
had been turned loose in the ring of the
Manhattan Athletic Club last evening
they would not have pleased the; mem
bers half as well as the boys who ham
mered and smashed each other for the
love of the sport. Apart from the pre
liminaries, which consisted of light box
ing and wrestling, the spectators wit
nessed two rattling contests between
well-known boxers.
The first event, which gave every
promise of being interesting, was to have
been an eight-round bout between Willie
Cole of the Manhattan Club and Chick
Finnerty of the Olympic Club. Al Wiggln
was selected referee.
The instant word was given to the
lightweights to set the ball rolling. Cole
plunged at his opponent, and it was
hammer and tongs all through the round,
much to the delight of the lovers of the
game, who cheered the contestants when
the gong sounded for the end of the open
ing engagement.
In the second round Chick made some
terrible efforts to finish his game quickly,
but he found Cole to be a harder nut to
crack than he expected, and as tho round
was drawing to a close Chick was re
treating under a hot hre from Cole's right
and left defenders.
Cole had decided to lead in the early
part of the third round, but Chi<^k ap
parently caught his second wind and
during the last minute of the round some
heavy blows were landed at close range,
honors being about evenly divided.
The fourth round was particularly In
teresting. The boxers met at close range
and it was give and take until Chick
landed a hard left awing on Cole's Jaw,
which sent the receiver to the boards. On
regaining his pins Cole attempted to get
out of harm's way, but instead of avoid
ing the enemy he ran Into an uppercut
which dazed him. As he was in the act
of falling he clinched with Chick and then
the police interfered. The referee called
the contest a draw.
It was learned subsequently that the
police interfered because the floor was not
padded properly and the officer in charge
was afraid that a heavy fall on the hard
boards might result in a fractured skull.
Doubtless all clubs giving boxing con
tests in the future will be compelled by
the authorities to provide proper padding j
on the ring lloor.
The last event of the evening was an
eight-round contest betwen M. Egan of
the Manhattan Club and Charles Tye of
the Reliance Club.
Egan was the better boxer, but -what
Tye lacked in science of the game he
made up for in ability to take punish
ment. The Reliance Club man was ap
parently as strong as a horse, and he
simply wore his opponent out.
Egan had much the best of the first
round. In the second honors were about
equal. In the third Egan scored quite
a lead, putting hard swinging lefts into
Tye's stomach and countering on the jaw.
In a sharp rally Egan received an upper
cut over the right eye which left a pro
nounced impression.
Egan had the best of the early part of
the fifth round, but weakened toward the
finish, allowing Tye to get home some
hot tooth disturbers.
The sixth was evenly contested, both
men retiring with bellows to mend.
In the seventh Egan was showing strong
signs of weakness, and a hard right hand
punch In the stomach seemed to knock
considerable play out of him, but he
fought gamely until near the end of the
round, when he ran his jaw into a hot
swinging right, which sent him to the
boards. He remained down for eight sec
onds. but scarcely had he regained his
pins when Tye planted a second swing on
the Jaw, and Egan fell fiat on the boards,
where he was counted out.
CONDEMNS THE CHARTER.
The United Labor Party Will Oppose
the Projected Measure.
A brief but important and spirlted^es
sion of the board of control of the United
Labor party was held last evening at
their headquarters on Clay street, near
Montgomery.
Chairman William P. Grace presided,
and in opening the meeting stated that
It had been called for the purpose of de
fining the attitude of the party upon the
question of the adoption of the new char
ter.
Mr. Grace criticized the instrument at
length, pointing out the enormous power
and patronage confered on the Mayor
without any authority to remove or in
any way control him, and declaring that
under it tyranny, oppression and plunder
would prevail, while the citizens would
be powerless and unable to help them
selves.
The sentiment of the meeting as ex
pressed by all the speakers was that the
whole trend and tendency of the pro
posed law was toward the centralization
of power In the hands of the few, as
against the Interests of the many.
The following, resolution was adopted
as the sense of the meeting.
"Resolved. That we, the United Labor
party of the City and County of San
Francisco, believing the effort for the
adoption of the new charter to be an at
tempt upon the part of officeholders and
would-be officeholders to assume uncon
stitutional authority, to subvert the will
of the people to their own personal in
terests, and for the retention of them
selves and their personal and political
friends in office, hereby declare that we
are oppose] to the adoption of said char
ter by the City and County of San Fran
cisco, and we call upon all those who
labor with their hands to join us in our
attempts to defeat so iniquitous a meas
ure. By order of the Board of Control.
"WILLIAM P. GRACE.
"Chairman."
Bunker Hill Association.
The joint executive committee of the
Bunker Hill Association and the Native
Snr.s of Vermont held a meeting last
night at the Occidental Hotel. A com
mittee, consisting of President Badger
and Messrs. Colton and Perkins, was ap
pointed to interview the Governor and
endeavor to have Bunker Hill day, June
17, declared a legal holiday by the chief
executive. William G. Badger will act
as president of the day. Dr. S. H.
Roberts was appointed grand marshal of
the Los Gatos parade. Superior Judge
E. S. Belcher was chosen as one of the
speakers of the day. A. O. Perkins will
have charge of the musical and literary
programme and Edwin Fish of Redwood
City will be floor manager in charge of
the dancing.
A communication was received from the
State Council of California, Junior Order
American Mechanics, accepting the in
vitation to attend the celebration fit Los
Gatos. A letter was read from W. R L
Jenks, secretary of the Board of Trade of
Los Gatos, stating that all requirements
expected of them would be fulfilled and
that all the leading patriotic and
benevolent societies would participate.
CAUGHT IN THE ROOM.
Arrest of Michael Fay, a Laborer, on
a Charge of Burglary.
Michael Fay, a laborer, was arrested
last night by Policeman T. P. Riordan
and charged with burglary.
Shortly after 7 o'clock Fay visited the
Orlando House at Sixth and Howard
streets and entered the room occupied by
Timothy Lynch. The latter was asleep
at the time, but was awakened by the
noise of the intruder.
The latter on being discovered ran along
the hallway and sought to escape by hid
ing at the foot of a blind stairway. Rior
dan was summoned and after a short
search discovered the burglar. When
searched at the City Prison a purse con
taining $1 50 and several souvenirs which
he had stolen from Lynch's pantaloons
were found in his possession.
Charged With Bobbery.
William Cornwall, a laborer, last night
caused the arrest of Calisto Ortiz, a boot
black, on a charge of robbery. Tester
day afternoon Cornwall met Ortiz and in
vited him to his room at 313 Fourth street
While he was asleep, he claims, Ortiz
robbed him of a silver watch and $12 in
money.
Divorce Suit Filed.
Sarah Hayes filed suit for divorce
against her husband, J. Hayes, yesterday
alleging failure to provide as a cause of
action.
A BLOW
TO HIGHER
EDUCATION
New Charter Dooms
the High Schools.
AN INSUFFICIENT REVENUE.
BIG BOND ISSUE THE ONLY AP
PARENT REMEDY.
Lack of Funds Due Either to the Ig
norance or Stupidity of the
Framers of the Law.
Should the proposed charter be
adopted the high schools of San Fran
cisco -will be so seriously crippled that
they may have to go out o-f existence
unless a bond issue is made to insure
their support. As the issuance of bonds
for any specific purpose is a matter
of the greatest moment it goes with
out saying that many of the educa
tional advantages now within reach of
the youth of this city will pass out of
existence at the moment the new char
ter becomes a fundamental law.
In the opinion of every one who has
given a thought to the subject no
greater calamity could befall the city.
The end and aim of the public school
system would be defeated, and all be
cause the framers of the charter, eith
er on account erf ignorance or stupidity,
failed to make adequate provision for
the support of the school system as it
now exists.
The funds necessary for the support
of the public schools of San Francisco
are at present acquired under the pro
visions of section 76 of the consolida
tion act, which reads as follows:
"The school fund of said city and
county shall consist of all moneys re-
ceived from the State school fund; all
money arising from taxes on property
which shall be levied each year for
that use by the Board of Supervisors,
and which shall in no case exceed the
rate of 35 cents on each hundred dol
lars valuation of all property, real or
personal, liable to be assessed."
According to the last assessment the
taxable valuation of all real and per
sonal property in this city was $345,
000.000. At the rate of 3. r » cents on each
hundred dollars this would bring a
revenue of $1,207,000. This amount, add
ed to the sum received from the State,
$638,000, makes a total of $1,845,500, the
amount that was available for the sup
port of the schools of this city for the
year 1897. Recent reports show that
even this great sum was Inadequate to
the needs of the schools as they are
now maintained.
Under the proposed charter the
money necessary for the support of the
schools is to be secured by the follow
ing provision:
"A school tax may be levied, 'which
added to the revenue derived from
other sources (the State) shall produce
an amount of money which shall not
exceed $32 50 for each pupil in attend
ance during the preceding fiscal year,
as ascertained and reported by the
Board of Education.' "
The average attendance In the schools
of San Francisco for the year 1597 wa3
35,500. At the rate of $32 50 for each
pupil this attendance would produce a
revenue of $1,088,750, according to the
provisions of the new charter. This
would leave a deficit of $756,750, which
sum could only be made up by a bond
issue.
It is a self-evident fact that if the
proposed charter is adopted the youth
of this and coming generations in this
city must be content with a common
school education, unless succeeding
Boards of Supervisors can be induced
to bond the city for the money that will
be necessary to maintain the high
schools. In other words, the adoption
of the proposed charter will be a step
backward in the march of civilization.
FIVE VACANT CHAIRS.
Seven Pines Circle Holds an Impres-
sive Memorial Service.
The hall of Seven Pines Circle, Ladles
of the G. A. R., in the Native Sons' build-
ing was packed last evening with ladies
and gentlemen present to witness the
memorial service of that organization.
The hall was tastefully decorated with
flowers and the American colors. In front
of the president's station there were five
vacant chairs, on each of which were
twined garlands of evergreen. These rep
resented the chairs that were occupied by
Laura C. Brewer, Margaret C. True, Lou
isa Cramm, Josephine A. Mawson and
Jane Mehlwitz, members of the c"ircle,
who passed away during the year.
Mrs. Ayers, the president, read the
service of the order, and there were re
sponses by the other officers, after which
Mrs. Powers read the order for Memorial
day. Miss Amanda Corcoran sang
"America," Miss M. Griffiths recited a
selection appropriate to the occasion,
Mrs. Ruth Gorton gave selections on the
violin, Mrs. J. Murray Bailey read an
original poem by Mrs. Goodell (mother of
Lieutenant Goodell of Company C, First
California Volunteers), Adjutant John H
Roberts of George H. Thomas Post de
livered an address, the Knickerbocker
Quartet rendered vocal selections and
Mrs. Whaley favored with a vocal solo
The service closed with the singing by the
audience of an anthem.
MONTGOMERY MEDAL.
The League of the Cross Will Com
pete for It To-Night.
The League of the Cross Cadets had a
rehearsal at the Mechanics' Pavilion last
night preparatory to the competitive drill
for the Montgomery medal, which takes
place to-night.
Company G has won the medal on two
successive occasions, but as it is neces
sary to win it. three times before it be
comes the property of the best drilled
company, considerable rivalry has been
engendered. Arrangements for the drill
have been completed, and judjring from
the number of tickets sold a large crowd
will be in attendance.
SANT>ELL WILL CONTEST.
Work of Securing a Jury Begins Be
fore Judge Troutt.
The work nf securing a jury to hear the
Catherine Sandell will case commenced
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Tl»fM- SI
liailo ynv *r± ' ■ —is OS
AguxwfJ" jS-jty-JW-f—^- swr
before Judge Troutt yesterday morning.
The defendant in the action, John A. San
dell, a young man on the happy side of
27, sat m court and mused. From the
hints let fall by opposing counsel he
learned that an endeavor would be made
to prove that he hypnotized his aged wife,
a woman of 70 years. The contestants,
daughters of the testatrix, do not allege
that Sandell is a hypnotist, but simply
claim that he took advantage of his
wife's mental incapacity and was named
in consequence as principal devisee in her
will.
Opposed the Charter.
At the meeting of the American branch.
Socialist Labor party, on Sunday after
noon the merits and defects of the new
charter were freely discussed. G. B.
Benham was the first speaker, but while
he found enough defects to make a
lengthy speech, the merits were few and
far between. He cited the provisions to
amend the instrument as simply a bait
to catch unwary voters, as he said that
the State constitution renders such action
impossible, "The charter," he said, "is
opposed to the spirit of American Insti
tutions, and workinpmen are asked ta
vote away their liberties."
Lee Fat on Trial.
Lee Fat was placed on trial before
Judge Borden yesterday morning for the
murder of Lee Fong on December 29 last.
BUSINESS
DIRECTORY
j and PURCHASERS' GUIDE
To Responsible Merchants,
Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders,
Jobbers, Insurance and Real
Estate Agents.
in Corresponding With Any of the Following
Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART OLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868, .
ART WARE
AND ANTIQUB FURNTTURB.
TEE P. ROSSI COMPANY, Importer*. 117 Butter
1 street. ; ■■ ,
BELTINO.
LP DFfiFM Manufacturer of Belting and
. r. ULULU, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Acent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BOILER MAKERS.
*3 ' fijf W. J. Brady's Patent
II {fl DETACH
43> MUD DRUM
■MRffffflj^MS^ for Steam Boilers,
' SRiif^^y Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and "Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
J. B, MCINTYRE, Bookbinder and Printer,
Ji D, iUUiIUIUL. 422 Commercial street.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. H. Blytn. Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 13
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DRAYAQE.
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouses
; Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
I and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1372
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
i REDIKGTDN&CO.,^^^^-
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
! lAS RftYFS £ f ft Shipping; Butcher.. 108
j JA3 DvlEj C VUi, Clay. Tel. Main 1234.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., lmporters & Dealer*
in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
-' IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton &Hedley, Prop**
; 234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wl! I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER co.,
VTILLHITILMI. 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 OFarrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery at.
SOAP. ~~~ ——•
fiffl If V *£ fft ■ 123 California ■treet,
UKLIILI kC tU,, a room 37. Tel. Main Ml! :
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic PARTRTDOF SOS Catt-
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successor*
to Hawks & Shattuck. The Home Industry
House. 508 Clay St.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office. 210 California Bt. Tel. Main 1914.
GENUINE
AND CHOICE
ORIENTAL
Brought TY/>( £*i
Direct from 1$ 0 | "WJ
&r rt U ixo
BY
LEVON BABAYAN,
A Native Merchant ' "J
WILL BE SOLD OUT \
AT AUCTION
Thursday, Friday and Saturday,
May 26, 27 and 28,
At 2 p. m. Each Day,
AT 106=108 GRANT AVENUE,
Between Post and Geary.
GOODS ON VIEW TO-MORHOW.
We are Instructed to sell these goods reran!*
less of cost to close out the entire stock.
ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers.
For ST. MICHAEL,
THE Al BARK HUNTER
POSITIVELY SAILS JUNE IST.
She is pronounced by Marine Surveyors aa
among the SAFEST and SWIFTEST vessels i
sailing out of San Francisco.
For LOW RATES, passenger and freight,
apply AT ONCE to H. D. LOMBARD & CO.,
16 California street. J. G. McCALL & CO., 44 .
Market street, or on board the Hunter. Hatha- •
way docks, foot of Steuart street.
(R»fl DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Five hundred reward for any case
888 BbB» we cannot cure. This secret remedy
a stops losses In 24 hours, cures
Five hundred reward for any case
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
m 3& EJ^ Emissions. Impotency, Varlcocelo,
m? R«W Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits, Strictures.
•*?iy HH Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
WSSJ! - WSE ferts of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
HSaHS^I sealed. »2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guar-
anteed Ito cure. Address HALL MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 1 Broadway. Oakland. - Cal. Al»o
for sale at ■. 1073V4 Market st.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.