VOLUME LXXXIII.-XO. 144.
TWO SHIPS CAPTURED
FLEET BLOCKADES CUBA,
WAR IS FAIRLY BEGUN
TWO PRIZES
ARE TAKEN
IN ONE DAY
The Captain of the Nash
ville Orders the First
Gun Fired.
Flagship New York Chases a
Steamer Close to the Cuban
Coast and Captures Her.
KEY WEST, Fla., April 23.-An incoming
tug reports that the New York has captured
a Spanish passenger steamer plying between
Havana and Porto Rico. The torpedo flotilla
is coming in. It is believed here that the prize
captured by the flagship New York is the
Alfonso XII, the mail steamer due at Havana
to-day (not the warship of that name). The
Spanish ship tried to run away, but the New
York gave chase, firing shot after shot until
the Spaniards hove to and surrendered.
On Board the Herald-Call Dispatch Boat (via Key West), April 22.—
The morning sun shone on the first capture of war. Its declining rays lit
another, the second made by this fleet to-day. The chase and capture took
place late this afternoon and almost within gunshot of the shores of Cuba,
The prize is a Spanish merchant steamship of apparently about 2000 tons.
As time was pressing I could not wait to ascertain the vessel's name. The
chase as seen from the decks of the Herald-Call dispatch boat was one of
the most Inspiring spectacles of the day of events.
The fleet was standing toward Havana, the Mayflower acting as a scout
a mile or so in advance of the flagship New York. The Mayflower sud
denly swung sharply to the westward and a moment later a string of but
terfly flags went fluttering to hpr masthead. While all were wondering
what the maneuver meant the New York was seen to fline her answering
pennant to the breeze, and making another signal to the fleet, which -»rob
ahh- meant "Stay where you are until I get back," -nun" her bow to the
westward ami went racing for the game that the Mayflower had sighted.
I got a maTilflrnnt view of the splendid cruiser as she rushed pa-t our boat
with smoke trailing in dense masses from each of her three big funnels, a
hill of f'>;>m around her bow and her wake was like a tidal wave.
She set a clipping pace from the start, and a magnificent sight she
presented as she dash'd through the choppy seas, with never an undula-
Hon of her long graceful hull. The loom of land lay on her starboard bow
and boom, and although I climbed on top of the pilot house of the Smith
and swept the horizon ahead I could distinguish nothing excppt the white
crests of running seas. All were puzzled to know what the New York was
about. Some said ahe was steaming in Havana alone to give formal notice
of the impending bombardment, so as to give non-combatants warning to
leave. Some one else was about to advance another theory when there came
a puff of smoke from the bow of the cruiser and a dull report came boom-
Ing over the water.
Thf matter was clear enough then. The vigilant scout had espied a sail
inshore ami the fleet cruiser whs In hot pursuit. We of the dispatch boat
supposed it to b<j a Spanish torpedo boat, and as there came another flash
and report nnd another and another the men of the Smith became certain
that the fugitive was none other than a "hornet," obstinately trying to
escape.
"Soak it to him, New York," yelled one enthusiast, as there came an
other jet of flame from the cruiser's bow.
The pursuer up to this time had been using one of her small rapn -fire
guns, and the Spanish ship, evidently believing that she carried nothing
larger, was apparently trying to make her escape by running until night
fall hid her movements. The rapid- fire gun ceased its chatter, there was a
moment of silence and the entire bow of the cruiser was hid In a swirl of
white smoke as a main battery gun uttered its peremptory monosyllable.
The message erf the whizzing shell told plainly that there was to be no
more fooling and the fugitive was not slow in reading it.
The missile had hardly flung up its column of spray before the Spaniard
was seen to round to and change her engines. The New York ranged near
hnd was lowering a boat to take possession of the prize when the Smith hav
ing then no time to spare in reaching the Key West wire swung around and
headed back to port. As I passed '" fleet at sunset . l noticed that the ships
had taken blockade form. lion. The battleships and the Amphitrite were in
the outward or seaward column, the cruisers and gunboats strung out in an
other line between the armor-elaJs and the land, with the torpedo boats and
the torpedo boat destroyer Mayflower hovering between ;he inner line and
the shore.
THE SPANIARDS
INDULGING IN
BOLD BLUSTER
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, April 22.— The Spanish Govern
ment states that it intends, as soon as the
Americans bombard Havana, to do the same to
Washington, Philadelphia and other points.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEStTfla., April 22.
— Patrick Mullen fired the
The San Francisco Call
first shot in the war between
Spain and the United States,
and the big Spanish freight.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, APRIL 23, 1898.
Capture of the Spanish Merchant Steamer Buena Ventura by the United States Steamer Nashville.
MANILA IS
DOOMED
SHANGHAI, April 22.-
The American squadron
at Hongkong has sailed
for Manila. It is reported
that the priests and the
commercial classes fa
vor surrender, but the
military is determined to
resist.
steamer Buena Ventura is the
first prize of this country.
She was captured
this morning eight
miles south of Sand
Key light when the
fleet of Rear Admiral
Sampson had been
gone from here
scarcely an hour on
its way to Havana.
The Spanish vessel
was brought to this
port.
When the Nashville, with
her prize, dropped anchor in
the outer harbor Commander
Maynard of the Nashville con
sented to receive me on
board his vessel at once. I
offered him congratulations
on behalf of the Herald-Call
and the American ' people,
! which he received with the
simple statement that he was
| happy indeed to have the
honor of bringing in the first
prize, even though the catch
was easy.
" We had proceeded under
orders from the flagship," he
THE FIRST SHOT OF THE WAR.
THE FLEET IS
SIGHTED FROM
HAVANA HILLS
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Aprn 22. — From the hills of Gm.najay I saw the United
States warships this afternoon. They are advancing on Havana from
the westward. The news has reached Morro Castle. There all is alert,
but fear i" in the hearts of the city's defenders. Havana's weak point lies
dead ahead of the American fleet. The courss of the ships is in direct
accordance with the plan of war which the Herald-Call first published.
It means — and everybody here admits it — the bombardmen. of Havana
unless the city surrenders in sight of the superior force.
General Blanco, in full uniform, which he has worn about two days
in the last two months, is at Santa Clara battery, the strongest of the
city's defenses. With him are all the officers of his staff and the chief
officers ot all the regular and volunteer regiments. Orderlies are rush
ing through the city, shouting the call to arms and carrying orders to the
batteries and reports to the Captain General.
The situation is ominous. Everybody grants that fact, and every
body is rushing out of the city or to its fortifications. The number who
have sought the latter places to Sght is enormous.
The United States ships could not possibly select a better place for
landing men than they can find in the neighborhood to which they are
pointing. Blanco realizes the danger, and his rushed large bodies of
troops to Santa Clara battery. He has sent others in a hurry by railroad
to Vedado and Carmelo. The garrisons are weak there and even with
reinforcements could not last long, because the defenses .re not strong.
Troopß could be landed there with little more than a skirmish, and
it Is thought this will be the first place at which Americans will strike.
Then, too, Blanco is fearful lest the first of the invaders come up
the little river Almendarez, where they coula make an undisputed land
ing a few miles to tLe westwarc of the city. The armament thera is in
significant. The chief defense is the old Castle de Alares. Several regi
ments have been sent to Playa de Mariano, where there is an important
but undefended landing place. From that point a railroad runs to Ha
vana.
Arolas, military governor, is acting with Blanco, and both went out
and made a reconnoissance in the direction of Mariano. The two, after
leaving Santa Clara, went to the Reina battery. All the guns at the
fortifications are manned. The men have orders to stand by them all
night. An attack is expected at daybreak.
said, " and were about twenty
miles from Key West, when
at ten minutes past 7 o'clock
the watch reported a strange
craft on the port side. We
made it out to be a Spanish
freighter, though no flag was
flying.
"No answer was
given to our signal,
and the stranger was
seen to be in full flight.
" Admiral Sampson
ordered us to make
the capture, and Pat
rick Mullen, a gunner,
was ordered to fire
Continued on Second Page,
THE BLOCKADE
OF CUBA'S COAST
NOW IN FORCE
WASHINGTON, April 22. — The following proclamation, announcing
the blockade of the Cuban ports, was issued to-day ;
BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES— A PROCLAMATION.
WHEREAS, By a joint resolution passed by the Congress and ap
proved April 20, 1898, and communicated to the Government of Spain,
it was demanded that said Government at once relinquish its authority
j and gove-rnment in the island of Cuba and withdraw its naval forces
from Cuba and Cuban waters, and the President of the United States
was directed and empowered to use the entire land and naval forces of
the United States and to call into the actual service of the United States
the militia of the several States to such extent as might be necessary
to carry said resolution into effect; and
Whereas, In carrying into effect such resolution the President of
the United States deems it necessary to set on foot and maintain a
blockade of the north coast of Cuba, including ail ports of said coast
between Cardenas and Bahia Honda, and the port of Cienfuegos on tho
south coast of Cuba;
Now, therefore, I, William McKinley, President of the United States,
in order to enforce the said resolution, do hereby dec/are and proclaim
that the United States of America has instituted and will maintain a
blockade of the north coast of Cuba, including ports on said coast be
tween Cardenas and Bahia Honda, and the port of Cienfuegos on the
south coast of Cuba, aforesaid, in pursuance of the laws of the United
States and the laws of nations applicable to such cases. An efficient
force will be posted, so as to prevent the entrance and exit of vessels
, from the ports aforesaid. Any neutral vessel approaching said ports and
; attempting to leave the same without notice or know/edge of the estab
lishment of such blockade will be duly warned by the commander of
the blockading forces, who will indorse on her register the fact and
the date of such warning and where such indorsement was made, and
if the same vessel shall again attempt to enter any blockaded port she
will be captured and sent to the nearest convenient port for such pro
: ceedings against her and her cargo as prize as may be deemed advisable.
Neutral vessels lying in any of the said ports at the time of the
establishment of such blockade will be a/lowed thirty days to issue
therefrom.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal
of the United States to be affixed.
Done at the city of Washington, this 22d day of April, A. D. 1898,
and of the Independence of the United States the one hundred and
twenty-second. WILLIAM McKINLEY.
By the President:
JOHN SHERMAN, Secretary of State.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT.
A MUTINY ON
THE SPANISH
TORPEDO FLEET
GALVESTOX. April 22.— Captain Barnett of the British steamer
Ashoun, just arrived from the Canary Islands, reports that the reason
that the Spanish torpedo fleet has not sailed from the Cape Verde Isl
ands is that all their crews mutinied. The mutiny broke out, he said,
immediately after the torpedo fleet received orders to proceed from the.
Canaries to the American Bide of the Atlantic.
"We learned," the captain added, "that the men did not relish the
idea of -making the trip across the Atlantic. The torpedo-boats had
stood the sea voyage to Las Pal mag pretty well, but when they got or
ders to proceed, the engineers, by concerted move, disabled the machin
ery.
Thnt is the real reason why the flotilla did not proceed direct to
Cuba as ordered. Every eiYort was made to placate the officers and men.
The officials finally pot the crews of the torpedo-boats into some sort of
subjection and the damage to the machinery was repaired.
"On April 2 the flotilla left. The destination was supposed to be se
cret, but the understanding was that it would not get further than St.
Vincent, in the Cape Verde Islands. "
SPANIARDS
INDULGING
IN BLUSTER
Continued from First Page.
the 6 = pounder over
hep bow.
"The Spaniard made no an
swer to this except to in
crease her speed. With that
another shot was sent within
fifty feet of the Spaniard,
who, seeing it was sink or
urrendef, chose the latters
alternative and hove to. We
sent a prize crew, with En
sign Magruder in charge,
aboard the Buena Ventura,;
and they were received with
the greatest courtesy by Cap
tain Buranger, who merely
entered an ordinary protest.
We announced that war had
been declared. He was
bound to be captured, as he
was heading for Norfolk for
coal and water.
"The Buena Ventura was
from Gaiveston, bound for
Rotterdam, carrying a cargo
of lumber, so her cap
tain say?, but he must
be too deep in the
water for lumber. You may
notice the heavy list to port,
which would hardly be
caused by the shifting of
lumber. After bringing his
prize to port, Ensign Ma
gruder was relieved and En
sign Snow was placed in
charge. 1 have orders to pro
ceed at once to rejoin the
fleet, and am only waiting
f ;■ my orders for release
from shore, when the Nash
ville will again run out."
Commander Maynard was
asked if the act of bringing
the Buena Ventura to by
means of solid shot in itself
constituted war. He replied;
"It does not In this condi
tion of peace-war we have
the right to speak any mer
chantman.
" The Spaniard re
fused to answer our
signals or to heave to.
We had nothing to do
but use solid shot,
and the next shot
would have sent the
Buena Ventura to the
bottom."
Captain Harrington of the
Puritan is senior captain in
charge of the ships remaining
|n Ihe harbor. This was
merely a technicality, though
it save the Puritan's officers
and crew a chance to jubiiate.
I went aboard the Puritan this
afternoon and repeated to
Captain Harrington the con
gratulations given to Captain
Maynard. He was hearty in
NAVAL BATTLE
REPORTED BY
FISHERMEN
<?> JACKSONVILLE, Fla., April 22.— According to private advices re- <•>
<S> ceived by the Times-Union and Citizen to-night, the first naval battle <s>
♦ of the war took place opposite Boynton, about twenty-five miles south <?>
♦ of Palm Beach, at 10 o'clock this morning. <•>
♦ George Lyman, a reliable man, and several others who were fishing <S>
<S* in Lake Worth, which is separated from the oceari by a narrow strip <J>
*■ of land, heard heavy firing and ran to the beach. They reported to the '?>
<?> railroad agent and postmaster at Lantana that a United States muni- <«>
<£• tor was chas!ng and firm" upon a Spanish man-of-war or -unboat con- <»>
<S> voying a coal or transport ship. The Spaniard replied shot for shot. <$>
4> All the ships were traveling with a bone in their teeth. The men say <$>
<S> they watched the battle for an hour, or until only the smoke from the <t>
<?> funnels was visible on the southern horizon, in which direction they ♦
♦ were traveling. <*>
<S> A special to the Times-Union and Citizen from Lantana says: <♦>
♦ "An eye-witness has just arrived from Boynton and reports a sup- ■€>
♦ posed transport vessel southward bound, -uarded by a man-of-war, v:
<S> pursued by a monitor, keeping up a heavy running fire." <$>
4> This dispatch was dated at 10 a. m. <*>
<•- WASHINGTON, April 22.— There is no confirmation of this story . ♦
<*> here. ♦
reply, and said he would give
half a year's pay to be at New
York to see how the news of
the first capture was received
there. In Key West the cap
ture created the greatest en
thusiasm. When the Nash
ville led her prize into port
the water front was black
with people, who simply
cheered themselves hoarse.
At the naval station Captain
Forsythe was beaming with
satisfaction. I gave him the
first news of the capture and
nearly lost my right hand as
a result of his grasp of con
gratulations.
CONGRESS TO
DECLARE WAR
WITH SPAIN
The President Considers
This Necessary to Estab
tablish the Status of
This Country.
NEW YORK. April 22— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent sends
the following: Closely following upon
the blockade of the northern ports of
Cuba will come the formal declaration
of war.
This course has been decided upon
PRETENDS TO
REPRESENT THE
PEOPLE OF CUBA.
rhtc<l. IS9S. hy JamM Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, April 22. — The colonial cabinet has published a manifesto
addressed to the country as the genuine represent* ye of the people of
Cuba. It says it is necessary to make before the world the most sol
emn protest against the iniquitous attack and unjust aggression of the
United States. It calls i n the inhabitants of the island, relying on
their patriotism, self-denial and enthusiasm for the sake of nationality
and right, to defend the future of their children by answering the call
of Captain General Blanco for taking up arms and going tn tho field.
A committee of the Lonja Viveres, or Grocers' Association, headed
by the president of that institution, called on General Blanco this
morning, tendering articles necessary for the army for all defending
the country and for those wanting food the most. The committee
said the association would forbid prices being raised under penalty of
violators being dismissed from membership in th-? corporation.
by the President and the interna
tional lawyers in Congress as being
advisable, and it is expected that the
Senate Committee on Foreign Rela
tions -will bring in a resolution to
morrow formally declaring that a
state of war exists between the Unit
ed States and Spain.
It was at first proposes to delay ,
making this declaration until the first I
shot had been fired. The President,
after consultation with his Cabinet offi
cers and others of the Foreign Rela
tions Committee, however, decided to- i
day that it would be advisable for Con- j
grcss to take this step at once, not |
THE SAX FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APItfL 23, 1898.
only for th,e purpose of putting the
United States on a prop- r status with
other nations, but in order to legalize
any and every act that he may take in
regard to the use of the naval and land
forces of the United States.
It is the present intention of the
President to send a message to Con
gress to-morrow asking for a. formal
declaration of war.
The day has been a busy and active
j one for the Chief Executive, his ad
i visers and all branches of the Govern
| ment. While all hands have been busily
engaged in perfecting all the necessary
; machinery for carrying on the war.
they have also been waiting for news
from our naval commanders engaged, in
' the hazardous work of blockading: the
: Cuban ports.
Word was received early in the day
of the capture of the Spanish ship Buena
! Ventura by the cruiser Nashville. Al
! though two shots were fired to stop this
vessel before she was captured, the au
: thorities do not consider that the act
, of the commander of the Nashville was
; necessarily an act of war. and there is
still a chance of making Spain fire the
COMMANDER WASHBURN MAYNARD.
He Is in Command of the Nashville. Under His Orders the First
Shot of the War Was Fired. He Is a Native of Tennes
see. He Graduated From the Naval Academy in 1866
and Passed Through the Naval Grades to That of
Commander, to Which He Was Promoted Five Years
Ago. He Was in Command of the Pinta on This Coast
From September, 1891, to January, 159.3. He Assumed
Command of the Nashville in August Last.
first shot.
Other cablegrams were received by
the Xavy Department announcing that
Rear Admiral Samnson had instituted a
blockade of the northern ports of Cuba
and on the strength of this a formal
proclamation wa> issued t»v the Presi
dent notifying thr powers that an ef
fectual blockade existed.
Officially, the authorities will make no
statements concerning the operations of
Admiral Sampson's fleet, but it is
known that iv addition to a blockade of
Havana and other Cuban ports, steps
have been taken to blockade San Juan,
Porto Rico, and withia the next few
days an official announcement to' this
effect will be made.
Sensational news is expected at
any time from Rear Admiral Samp
son's fleet. Actual hostilities may
be in progress at any moment, for,
although the blockade has been in
augurated for the purpose of ending
the war in Cuba, the instructions to
Admiral Sampson are of such nature
as to warrant his sinking any Span
ish ships that may interfere with the
purpose of tne blockade.
While the authorities are nervously
awaiting tidings from Admiral Sampson
they are not neglecting other points of
deep interest just now. A night force
of telegraph operators has been placed
on duty in the State Department, War
Department and Navy Department.
They are now engaged, together with
the clerks, in receiving and translating
cipher dispatches from every ouarte'r
having any connection with the move
ment of vessels and other matters relat
ing to the Hispano-American war.
The military and naval strategic
boards are also at work practicalh
night and day and there is little rest for
any one here in Washington in these
exciting times.
The President has delayed his call for
volunteers in accordance with the act
of Congress passed to-day on account
of the legal questions involved relating
to the number of men to be called out
and to the .distinction made between
volunteers and militia. The matter has
been referred to the Attorney General,
who is expected to render a decision in
time for the President to act in the
matter.
A special session of the House has
been called for 10 o'clock to-morrow for
the purpose of passing the army reor
ganization bill in time for final action
on that measure by the Senate when it
meets at noon.
The Secretary of the Navy has asked
Congress for authority to enlist p na\'ai
auxiliary force to man the torpedo fleet
intended for coast defense purposes.
There is a difference of opinion be
tween Secretary Alger and General
Miles as to the time of movement of
necessary troops and fleets into Cuban
territory. Secretary Algcr, carrying out
the wishes of General Lee. it is under
stood, wants the troops to go Jihead
without waiting for the call for volun
teers. General Miles, on the other hand,
thinks it dangerous to send less than
50.000 troops into Cuba, and deems it
advisable to wait until this number has
been organized and drilled before an
attempt is mat!.' to occupy the island.
President McKinley's first caller of
significance was Senator Davis, of Min
nesota, chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations. The frequent visits
of the Minnesota Senator to the Exe
cutive Mansion at all hours of the day
and evening strengthen the report that
he may be selected as premier of the
administration should Secretary Sher
man voluntarily resign from the Cab
inet.
Seamen Barely Escape Dmth.
SEATTLE. April 22.— The news has t>een
received to-night of the wreck of the
schooner Atlanta. Captain Wyatt com
manding. She went crashing on the
rocks off Yellow Rock lighthouse. Den
man Island, at 1 o'clock this morning. A
strong southeasterly gale was blowing.
and those on board the schooner had a
narrow escape from death. They were,
however, all saved.
The steamer City of Nanalmo arrived
at Xanaimo, B. C., this evening, having
on board the following shipwrecked men:
John V illiard, Seattle; Charles Allen,
New Haven; R. E. Coaiton, East Hamp
ton; Thomas Washington. The other
members of' the expedition on the Atlan
ta were Geurse Rooney. George Prescott,
Seattle; Fosburgr, Minnesota; Jacob
Yates. Nate Stephens, Denver; Morgan,
Massachusetts; Rowan, ■ Minnesota: J.
Schneider. Indiana: Joe Bapp, Indiana.
The Atlanta left Seattle April 7. bound
for Southeast Alaska, and has sailed only
four days since, on account of being
manned by green hands. When Texada
Island was reached Captain Wyatt dis
carded his chart and steered for Yellow
Rock light, striking the beach broadside
on.
The I'Hs^ngers managed to lower a
boat and get a lifeline tied to a tree on
th>' beach, and left the vessel by this
■neana and went to the lighthouse. There
they secured a boat, went to Dennaan
Iplanrl and caught the steamer City of
Nanalmo. Captain Wyatt is still with his
vessel.
The schooner was owned by a. syndi
cate of twelve, who have abandoned her.
The cargo is a total loss and the people
are returning to Seattle for new outfits
and will take a Bteamer north.
EUROPE'S VIEW
OF THE WAR
Anti - American Feeling
Runs High on the
Continent.
British Officer Fears Spain Will
Bombard Our Coast
Cities.
S sntiment of Most English Journals
Continues Friendly to This
Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Ar-ril 22.— Great Britain's
sympathy for America is like Spanish
diplomacy — officially correct. There is '■
scarcely a public man or imnortant
newspaper that d s not wwilye — ily sup- !
port the United States. At the same
time, in private conversation, there is
much criticism of the United States, j
and indorsement of Spain is '--^ard.
' is much head shaking over the
result of the naval battle, am", the feel-
Ing even finds its way into print.
The Daily Graphic to-day printed a
long letter from a naval oflV - who :
says both Porto Rico and Havana
ought to Le able to hold their c
against an attack unsupported by |
ships. The United States will be forced
to blockade both of these islands, and ;
this, the author of the letter th.nks,
will occupy that nation's entire fleet,
thus leaving the Spaniards free to bom- |
bard the, coast of the United States. I
Again, the letter says Spain is strong
enough to defeat either of the '. lockad-
Ing fleets which th' United States is
able to assemble about Cuta and Porto
Rico. In conclusion the writer thinks
that the ships of the Indiana class are
BO prodigiously overgunned that they
are likely to sink themselves.
An editorial article in the Chronicle
to-day expresses the opinion that the
United States fleet was throwing away
an excellent strategic opportunity by :
going to Cuba instead of intercepting
the Spanish fleet.
The Daily Mail, whose proprietor,
Alfred Harmsworth, is really a warm
sympathizer with the United States, is
doing much to arouse sentiment by the
daily publication of articles bearing
upon the atrocitfes perpetrated by
Spaniards, accompanied by pictures of
the starving reconcentrados, under the ;
heading, " \Vhy Amercia Is Interven- ;
inj in Cuba," with the Kipling parody.
"If Blood Be the Price of Liberty. Lord
God. We Have Paid the Bill." At the
same time the Daily Mail to-day dis
plays a New York dispatch with the
headline, "Scare in America. New
York Merchants Closing Their Shops."
The dispatch says that many wealthy .
New Yorkers are fleeing, fearing lest i
the fleet of the United States will be
vanquished and the city bombarded.
Continental Europe steadfastly re
fuse* to believe that the United States
la embarking in war for any other ob
ject than conquest. Being prone to
judge American motives by standards
other than appear to actuate their own
national policies the continental papers j
predict with the greatest jealousy that
the United States will retain all the ,
Spanish colonies, which it will inevita- ■
b!y capture, and that the United States
will then become one of the strongest
rivals in the scramble for the few re
maining unoccupied portions of the
'arth. All opinions and interviews con
tained in the press of continental Eu
rope, read between the lines, convey
'his view.
The first effect of the war was felt
in Great Britain in the rise in wheat
which has been the means of inducing
the bakers to discuss an advance in
the price of the four-pound loaf. Many
English farmers are holding under
heir sheds wheat; hopeful that the
prolonged hostilities may send grain
jj> to the Franco-Prussian war prices.
Liverpool and Manchester trade with
the West Indies has been knocked on
the head by the notification that no
more boats will sail for Cuba and Porto
Rico. Two ships which were billed to
sail from Liverpool or. Saturday have
canceled their departure in anticipation
of the blockade of Cuba. Shippers find
solace in the prospect that the war will
result in ending the strongly differen
tial tariffs in favor of Barcelona, which
have been forced in all Spanish colo
nies.
Armistice at an End.
LONDON, April 22.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily News says the
Government has instructed General
Blanco to declare the armistice in Cuba
ended.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '•[■ .
- ■■"-•'. "i' : V.;^-~ ■■'"■ • ' * ■
Women to Women
Experience is the great teacher. The j "While living at Trinidad, Colo., my | bled her for years and she was worse
true test of a medicine's merit is in j wife decided to take Hood's Sarsapa- than ever. She endured untold pain,
the taking and result thereof, rilla. lam pleased to say it gave her and suffered the breaking out of three
Thousands of women are to-day tell- relief at once, the lumps and spots dis- ! running sores. I thought from the
ing to others the story of their cures appearing and not returning again for looks of the leg the only relief would
by Hood's Sarsaparilla. If you are some months. come from- cutting it off.
. "half sick," ailing, weak, weary. "A year ago the trouble broke out "She decided to take Hood's Sarsa-
nervous, or suffering from Impure parilla again, thinking it might pre-
blood, such . hearty indorsement .^ vent the case from becoming worse.
should lead you into similar satis- ., — "*"" Her treatment resulted in healing two
factory experience. As Mrs. Travis I / jSJtT*^ of the sores, while a third continued to
was led to take Hood's Sarsaparilla / "53^4 \. require attention. She clung stead-
by another woman's testimonial, so / J^Z&£&} \ fastly to Hood's Sarsaparilla, used
let the frank statement below con- / V "JtrZ* \ * Hood's Pills, gave special attention to
vince you of the merit of Hood's /^\ £/>'''^ \ cleansing the eruptions and applied
Sarsaparilla. and lead you to take it i / Ma\ ****> fot&hi' ~J! \ Hood ' s ollve Ointment. For a time
and rejoice in restored health. / "t^iSSPt WmeSSsSfk. I the diEchar & e of matter was more >r "-
"C. I. Hood & Co.. Lowell, Mass.: Will iV VmWRiWIA j fuse than formerly. She continued the
"Gentlemen-It was by reading a , 1 Iffltilflfni I i treatment uninterruptedly ami now the
lady's testimonial that my wife was in- \ 1 / | limb is to all appearances as healthy
duced to take Hood's Sarsaparilla, and \ %HAffawV jSbIW / as ever "
now she wants me to write you her ex- \ V£iUli*g'.£^ / " Our cx P erier ' proves that wh*n
perience. Twelve years ago she be- \ rzri&lr^^r / Hood's Sarsaparilla is taken faithfully
came afflicted with 'milk leg.' Our \ &W&f^j&&&\ / and Persistently it will d " its work:
family physician did her but little ben- X JL^mß&Sr £ / thoroughly and effect a perfect cure,
efit, and finally stated he could do no We have waited SO!r - e t!me befor e writ-
lasting good and advised the use of X ing this voluntary testimonial to see if
j poultices to ease the pain as best we i i the cure was permanent and we are
could. For a few years her trouble ! anew, appearing in a more violent : glad to write that in all fairness it
was confined to the limbs swelling dur- j form. The red spots broke out in now seems to be our duty to state that
Ing the day. In recent years, however, sores. . I concluded that my wife would Hood's Sarsaparilla did its work per-
lumps or bunches formed and red spots Ibe a cripple, iWe were much discour- ; fectly and well." N. B. TRAVIS, 303
appeared. - I aged, for the affliction had now trou- Troup avenue, Kansas City, Kans.
■■ ■ ■
Is America's Greatest Spring Medicine. Sold by all druggists. Be sure to get HOOD'S and only HOOD'S.
DYNAMITE
CAR WRECKED
AT MENDOTA
FRESNO, April 22.— The southbound overland freight wns wrecked
at Mendota to-day. Two engines and seventeen cars piled up, a mass of
debris. The train was a double-header, two engines being used to haul
a heavy string of forty or fifty cars. Engineers and firemen of both
engines jumped and saved their lives.
There was a peculiar and almost miraculous feature of the accident.
One of the most badly wrecked cars contained dynamite en route to
New Orleans for the Government, to be used in the war with Spain.
Trainmen are at a loss to account for the fact that the dynamite did
not explode, causing loss of life and great damage.
It is believed that two hobos are buried in the wreck. They were
seen riding on the brakes at Firebaugh and were not observed to leave
the scene of the wreck. One tramp riding in a refrigerator car emerged
after the wreck and coolly inquired what was the matter.
The train was coming into Mendota at 12:30 o'clock and running at
a speed of about fifteen miles an hour, when the rails gave way and
spread under the heavy pressure of the engines. This was at a point
about 300 yards north of the station. The engines had just pulled over
the switch when they jumped the track. Engineer Pat McGrough and
Fireman George Drake were on the first engine. When they leaped from
the train they called to Engineer Thomas and the fireman of the other
engine to jump for their lives. The men in the second engine were only
r moment behind those of the first in leaving their engine.
The engines proceeded over the track for a short distance, and then
tumbled over the side of the track, a mass of bent and twisted iron and
steel. Seventeen freight cars were piled upon each other, making a
big heap of wreckage. Most of the cars were completely demolished.
Twenty-five or thirty remained on the track and wire uninjured. The
wood of the wrecked cars is splintered and the iron bent-
At a late hour to-night the wreck had not yet been cleared.
APPROVED
BY CONGRESS
Conference Report on the
Volunteer Army Bill
Disposed Of.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 22.
During the brief open session of the
Senate to-day the formal announce
ment of the death of Senator Walthall
of Mississippi was made and arrange
ments were perfected so far as the
Senate is concerned for the funeral
ceremonies, which are to be held in the
Senate chamber to-morrow at noon.
A secret session of two hours was held,
during which the conference report on
the volunteer bill was agreed to, but
no business was done in open session.
At 2 o'clock the Senate resumed leg
islative business in open session.
The House to-day displayed its en
thusiasm for the war upon which the
country has entered by rushing through
without debate the conference report
on the bill authorizing the President to
call out the volunteers and agreeing
by unanimous consent to meet at 10
o'clock to-morrow to take up the con
sideration of the army reorganization
bill. The passage of the latter bill is
considered imperatively necessary by
the department.
TO COMBAT
YELLOW FEVER
NEW YORK, April 22.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: With
the prospect of transporting a large
army for the invasion and occupation
of Cuba within the next few weeks
Secretary Alger has issued instructions
! to the proper officials to make special
i preparations for prevention of disease
; among the troops and for the care of
sick and wounded. The officers to whom
; these instructions apply with particular
! force are the surgeon general, quarter
' master general and commissary gen
i err ".. Surgeon General Sternberg, who
I is a yellow fever expert, has issued par
ticular instructions to the medical corps
■ for the prevention of contraction of the
1 dreaded disease by the men who may
!be sent into Cuba. These instructions
j deal particularly with the quantity and
\ quality of rations which should be Is-
I sued; a matter which chiefly concerns
I the commissary department.
Especial stress is placed upon the
necessity of enforcing a perfect system
of sanitation and drainage in camps
and headquarters. The necessity of ab
stinence from the use of alcohol and
excessive use of tobacco is dwelt upon
and the advisability of issuing quanti
ties of effervescent drinks is men
tioned.
A large hospital is to be established
near Atlanta in the post building at
Fort McPherson. just vacated by the
departure of the Fifth Infantry f.,-r
General Wade's headquarters at Tam
pa. This hospital is intended particu
larly for the care of wounded or other
wise disabled soldiers, but will bo used
for yellow fever patients.
SYMPATHIZE
WITH SPAIN
Copyrighted, ISS'. by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, April 22.— "11 ny d'Europe,"
cries the Gaulois plaintively, recording
the fact that none f the great powers
I intended going to war with the United
States in behalf of Spain. This paper
has come out fiat-footed for Spain,
more so than most of the Paris contem
poraries. But even the Gaulois goes
no further than to lament the "indiffer
ence of Europe, which gazes with arms
• cr-ossed at the unequal duel."
"Doubtless," it continues, "platonic
sympathy is expressed for Spain;
doubtless her heroic tenacity i.s ;iii
mired and her valorous efforts are ap
plauded, but no one dreams of goin<
to her aid. There is no Europe sine-*
France condemned herself to relire
; ment. The blow which struck France
paralyzed the Europe of the Crusades
I and the wars for Greek independence. "
The Temps, referring to the attitude
of Premier Sagasta and his suppoiters,
! says that there is now a strong patrl
! otic current in an active movement
! which forms one of the best fon
■ Spain and that the country Has only to
be faithful to herself and her past t >
'■ find the elements of a prolonged strug
gle.
The Journal dcs Debats says that
whatever may be the sympathy n£ th?
French people for Spain, they have nu\v
only to observe a strict neutrality.
The Figaro says that the -war means
ruin for the United States as w±:i aa
for Spain.
The Petit Journal speaks of "the
brutal attack on Spain, almost unpre
; cedented in history."
The Solell says: "The Spaniard*
and yellow fever may have many sur
; prises in reserve for American troopa,
who have never fought and are unsuit
ed for the Cuban climate."
The same note is echoed all over
France. One instance from the provin
cial press will suffice. La PetiKe Mar
i seillalse predicts that certain of dh
European powers will some day. when
the United States shall dominate the
Panama Canal, regret not having
helped valiant little Spain in th-? pres
i ent crisis.
Read How to Succeed as a Detec
: tive, by ex-Chief Thomas Byrnes cf
New York, in next Sunday's Call.WILL CALL OUT A PATRIOT ARMY.
BIG ARMY
FOR WAR
Full Text of the Act to
Call Out Volunteer
Forces.
Conditions Under Which Govern=
ops of States and Territories
Appoint Commis=
sioned Officers.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, April 22.
The following is the full text of an
act to provide for temporarily increas
ing the military establishment of the
United States in time of war and for
other purposes:
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House
of Representatives of the United States
of America in Congress assembled, that
all able-bodied male citizen? of the Unit
ed States and persons of foreign birth
who shall have declared their intention
to become citizens of the United States
under and in pursuance of laws thereof,
between the ages of IS and 43 years, are
hereby declared to constitute the na
tional forces and with such exceptions
and under such conditions as may be
prescribed by law shall be liable to per
form military duty in the service of the
United States.
Section 2— That the organized and ac
tive land forces of the United States
shall consist of the army of the United
States and of the militia of the several
States when called Into the service of the
United States; provided, that in time of
war the army shall consist of two
branches which shall be designated re
spectively as the regular army and the
volunteer army of the United States.
Section 3 — That the regular army is a
permanent military establishment which
is maintained both in peace and war, ac
cording to law.
Section That the volunteer army
shall be maintained only during the ex
istence of war or while war is imminent,
and shall be raised and organized,, as in
this act: provided, only after Congress
has or shall have authorized the Presi
dent to raise such a force or to call into
the actual service of the United States
the militia of the several States, pro
vided, that all enlistments for the volun
teer army shall be for a term of two
years, unless sooner terminated, and that
all officers and men composing said army
shall be discharged from the service of
the United States when the purposes for
which they were called into service shall
have been accomplished, or on the con
clusion of hostilities.
Section s—That5 — That when It becomes neces
sary to raise a volunteer army the Presi
dent shall issue his proclamation stat
ing the number of men desired, within
such limits as may be fixed by law, and
the Secretary of War shall prescribe such
rules and regulations, not Inconsistent
with the terms of this act, as in his
judgment may be necessary for the pur
pose of . mining, organizing and receiv
ing Into service the men called for, pro
vided that all men received into the ser
vice In the volunteer army shall, as far
as practicable, be taken from the several
States and territories and the District of
Columbia and the Indian Territory in
proportion to th« population, and any
company, troop, battalion or regiment,
from the Indian Territory shall be formed
and organized under such rules and regu
lations as shall be prescribed by the Sec
retary of War.
Section 6— That the volunteer army and
the militia of the States, when called
Into the- service of the United States.
shall be organized under and shall be
subject to the laws, orders and regula
tions governing the regular army; pro
vided that each regiment of the volunteer
army shall have one surgeon, two assist
ant Burgeons and one chaplain, and that
all the regimental and company officers
Fhall be appointed by the Governors of
the States in which their respective or
ganizations are raised; provided further
that when the members of any company,
troop, battery, battalion or regiment of
the organized militia of any State shall
enlist In the volunteer army in a body
as such company, troop, battery, bat
talion or regiment, the regimental com
pany, troop, battery and battalion of
ficers in service with the militia organi
zation thus enlisting may be appointed by
the Governors of the States and Terri
tories, and shall when so appointed be
officers of corresponding grades in the
same organization when it shall have
been received into the service of the
United States as a part of the volunteer
army; provided further that the Presi
dent may authorize the Secretary of War
to organize companies, troops, battalions
or regiments possessing special qualifica
tions, from the nation at large, not to
exceed three thousand men, under such
rules and regulations. Including the ap
pointment of the officers thereof, as may
be prescribed by the Secretary of War.
Section 7— That all organizations of the
volunteer army shall be recruited from
time to time as to maintain them as near
to the maximum strength as the Presi
dent may deem necessary, and no new or
ganization shall be accepted into service
from any state unless the organizations
already in service from such State are as
near to their maximum strength of of
ficers and enlisted men as' the President
may deem necessary. ' _", -.•■:
IT'S NOW CAMP
GEO. H. THOMAS
Major - General Brooke
Has Named Chieka
mauga.
Fifteen . More Trainloads of
Infantry, Cavalry and
Artillery Arrive.
Boys in Blue Adorned With Flowers
While on the Way to the
Famous Battlefield.
Special Dlßpatch to The Call.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., April 22.-It
is now Camp George H. Thomas. Ma
jor-General Brooke to-day Issued for
mal orders so naming the Chickamauga
Park rendezvous of the United States
tr^oDS. and henceforth until the park
Section B— That all returns and muster
rolls of organizations of the volunteer
army and of militia organizations while
In the service of the United States shall
be rendered to the adjutant-general of the
army, and upon the disbandment of such
organizations the records pertaining to
them shall be transferred to and tiled in
the record and pension office of the War
Department, and regimental and all other
medical officers serving with volunteer
troops in the Held or elsewhere shall keep
a daily record of all soldiers reported sick
or wounded, as shown by the morning
calls or reports, and shail deposit such
reports with other reports provided for
in this section with the. record and pen
sion office as provided "herein, for other
reports, returns and muster rolls.
Section 9— That in time of war or when
war is imminent the troops in the service
of the United States, whether belonging
to the regular or volunteer army
or the militia. shall be organized,
as far as practicable, into divisions
of three brigades, each brigade to
be composed of three or more regi
ments; and whenever three or more divi
sions are assembled in the same way the
President is authorized to organize them
into army corps, each corps to consist of
not more than three divisions.
Section 10— That the staff of the com
mander of an army corps shall consist of
one assistant adjutant-general, one cheif
engineer, one inspector-general, one cheif
quartermaster, one chief commissary of
subsistence, one judge-advocate, and one
chief surgeon, who shall have respective
ly the rank of lieutenant-colonel; one as
sistant adjutant-general, who shall have
the rank of captain, and the aids de camp
authorized by law. The staff of the
emmander of a division shall consist of
one adjutant-general, one engineer offi
cer, one inspector-general, one chief
quartermaster, one chief commissary of
subsistence and one chief surgeon, who
shall have respectively the rank of ma
jor, and the aids de camp authorized by
law. The staff of the commander of a
brigade shall consist of one assistant ad
jutant-general, one assistant quartermas
ter and one commissary .of subsistence,
each with the rank of captain, one sur
geon and the aids de camp authorized by
law. The staff officers herein authorized
for the purpose of division and brigade
commanders may be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate as officers of the
volunteer army, or may be assigned by
him, in his discretion, from officers of
the regular army or the volunteer army
or of the militia in the service of the
United States, provided that when re-
Ueved from such staff service said ap
pointments or assignments shall termi
nate.
Section 11— That the President is here
by authorized to appoint in the volunteer
army, by and with the advice and con
sent of the Senate not exceeding one ma
jor-general for each organized army
corps and division and one brigadier
general for each brigade, and any officer
so selected and appointed from the reg
ular army shall be entitled to retain his
rank therein, provided, that each general
officer of the volunteer, army shall be
entitled to the number of aids de camp
authorized for an officer of like grade in
the regular army.
Section 12— That all officers and enlisted
men of the volunteer army of the militia
of the States, when in the service of the
United States, shall be in all respects on
the same footing as to pay, allowances
and pensions as that of officers and en
listed men of corresponding grades in the
regular army.
♦ Section 13— That the Governor of +
+ any State or Territory may, with +
■♦- the consent of the President, ap- ♦
•♦- point officers of the regular army -♦■
>- in the grades of field officers in or-- -♦•
■♦- ganizations of the volunteer army, -♦■
•♦■ and officers thus appointed shall be •+■
-♦• entitled to retain their rank in the -f
+ regular army, provided, that not ■♦■
-♦- more than one officer of the reg- -♦•
-♦- ular army shall hold a commission -♦-
♦ in any one regiment of the volun- ♦
♦ * teer army at the same time. +
Section That the general command
ing a separate department or a detached
army Is authorized to appoint from time
to time military boards of not less than
three or more than five volunteer officers
of the volunteer army to examine into
the capacity, qualifications, conduct and
efficiency of any commissioned officer or
said army within his command, provided
that each member of the board shall be
superior in rank to the officer whose qual
ifications are to be inquired into; and, pro
vided further, that If the report of such
a board be adverse to the continuance of
any officer and the report to be ap
proved by the President, such officer shall
bo discharged from service in the vol
unteer army, at the discretion of th«
President, with one month's pay and al-
Section' 15-That all acts and parts or
h^l ' n , consist / nt v. with the Provisions
hereof be and the same is hereby re-
is deserted by the boys in blue it will
be known by that name.
The number of troops in the camp to
day was increased by about 3000. Fif
teen trainloads of infantry, cavalry and
artillery arrived during the day. and
were conveyed as rapidly as possible to
the park. The troops are now arriv
ing so fast that the railroads are ex
periencing some difficulty in handling
them promptly.
Nearly all of the Fort Sheridan
troops wore flowers which had been
pinned on their coats between Nash
ville and Chattanooga by admiring
ladies, but they were minus many brass
buttons, taken in return.
To-morrow Major-General Brooke
will make his headquarters on the field,
the location being on the east slope of
Lytle Hill, and not far distant from
where General Wilder of the Federal
forces was killed during the battle
which gives the nark its name. Quar
master-General Lee, it is probable, will
also make l.!s headquarters at the
grounds to-morrow.
The increased strength of the artil
lery companies from four to six pieces,
which has been ordered, has rendered
necessary the purchase of about 500
horses, and this fact is giving General
Lee a deal of trouble. He spent a great
deal of time to-day in an unavailing ef
fort to find suitable animals.
Sunday promises to be a gala day at
Chickamauga. Every railroad running
into CI ittanooga will run excursion
trins, some of them from points 300
miles away. The hotels are already
thronged vith strangers.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, APRIL 23, 1898.
REPORTED SINKING OF THE TOPEKA.
LONDON, April 22,— The Daily Mail says this looming that it is
stated in Faimouth shipping circles that the American cruiser To
peka, formerly the Diogenes, which left Faimouth on the evening
of Tuesday, April 19, foundered in collison with the bark Albatross
at midnight on Thursday. According to the Daily Mail, the captain
of the Albatross asserts that after the collision the steamer, whose
name he did not ascertain, flashed a light and suddenly disap
peared. He beiieves she foundered.
FOREIGN CREDITS
CANCELED BY THE
BANK OF SPAIN
Patriotic Stand of the People Temporarily Pre=
vents a Crash in Financial Circles, but a
Panic in the Bourses Is Certain.
MADRID, April 22.— There has been a slight run on the Bank of Spain, but the bank paid cash on all de
mands, and public confidence has been restored. During the day the bank.'*, stock rose ?* points. In spite of the
serious rise .i exchange unfavorable to Spain, th«, Bourse took a patriotic view of the situation. Interiors rose
one point and Cubans three points. At the close- of the Bourse there was a patriotic demonstration, with the ob
ject of covering the American shield in the American dealers' room with the Spanish flag. As I write bands and
demonstrators pass the window everyfew minutes, almost furious in their enthusiasm. In the center of each
waves a Spanish- flag. In the Puerto del Sol I witnessed a strange scene this afternoon.
The procession passed one of men carrying the national flag. Across it was written "Viva ipana." As it
passed the people recerently uncovered. There is a. growing fire among the people, a sure indication the flame is
ready to burst forth on the news of action. It is visible everywhere even in bands of school children, who are
rushing about in hundreds crying "Viva Espana," and "Viva the army and navy."
VALENCIA, April 22.— A financial panic is reigning here, produced by the unprecedented rise in exchange and
the alarming depreciation of Spanish bonds and in the national credit. There was a rush to-day on the Bank of
Spain to change paper money for silver.
There was a hastily summoned meeting of bankers and merchants, who proposed to take at their full face
value all the ban", notes presented, which momentarily allayed the excitement, but did not restore confidence.
Foreign credits have been canceled. Business is paralyzed. A monster open-air meeting has been convened for Sun
day to raise war funds. The rumored intention of the Government to expel from Spanish territory all corre
spondents of American Journals has been universally applauded by the public and the press urges the Government
to maintain its right of search of ships flying neutral fin-?!, the avowed object being to mortify England, against
whom feeling is most bitter, owing to her undisguised American sympathy.
ONE ENGLISH
PAPER HOSTILE
St. James Gazette Fears
America's Growing
Power.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 22.— The St. James
Gazette this afternoon, discussing the
interests of spectators of the coming
hostilities, says:
"Taking for granted President Mc-
Kinley's sincerity in saying that the
United States does not desire conquest
or territory, the fact remains that tho.
United States, which call themselves
America, are engaged in endeavoring
to expel a European power fro-m her
foothold in the New World. This can
hardly happen without giving increased
force to the sentiment which Mr. Olney
expressed in such crude terms in his
letter to the Marquis of Salisbury, and
the war can hardly end without affect
ing the general position of European
powers profoundly, be its course what
it may."
Referring to the possible action of
the United States, the St. James Ga
zette says:
"Spain has done something to put
herself right with public opinion in Eu
rope, and no doubt she, to some ex
tent, is fighting in a common cause.
If she gains success and proves herself
capable of making headway against
the United States at sea, thus indicat
ing the presence of a weakness in the
American navy not hitherto suspected,
the disposition of the powers to inter
vene will be greatly strengthened.
"There is a great deal of billing and
cooing among emotional Anglo-Saxons
at present. In the United States there
is a certain amount of gush, probably
as sincere as the hysterical emotion ex
cited by Bryan's flashy "cross of gold'
metaphor. Here there are always peo
ple who gush when America is con
cerned, but these waves of emotion
come and go. Deep rooted feelings of
dislike and substantial interests don't."
ORDERS TO INTERCEPT
TWO SPANISH SHIPS.
NEW ORLEANS, April 22.— Orders
have been issued to intercept and seize
the Catalina and Miguel Joves, the
Spanish ships which left here last
night. The Louisiana naval reserves
will be put in service to-morrow, part
going to Mobile and the main body to
the mouth of the river.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
DELAYS CALL
FOR VOLUNTEERS
President McKinley Is in
Doubt as to His
Authority.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 22.— A Herald
Washington correspondent telegraphs: j
Whether President McKinley issues his
proclamation to-morrow calling for
300,000 volunteers depends upon the de
cision which will be rendered in the
morning by Attorney-General Griggs.
The issuing of the proclamation may
still further be delayed should the
President decide that a formal decla
ration of war by Congress is advisable
in advance of a call for troops.
With a preamble to cover the pres
ent situation, a proclamation calling
for 100,000 volunteers, couched essen
tially in the lanrruage of Abraham Lin
cuin: s first call for troops, was prepared
at the War Department and taken to
the President shortly after he had sign
ed the volunteer army act. In the dis
cussion of the issue of the proclama
tion, the President himself called at
tention to the fact that Congress has
authorized no limit to the number of
troops that may bo called out. The
volunteer army act provides the Presi
dent shall issue his proclamation stat
ing the number of men desired within
such limits as may be fixed by law.
In the House on Wednesday Repre
sentative March of Illinois argued that
the resolution empowering the Presi
dent to use the entire land and naval
forces of- the United States to inter
vene in Cuba, in itself authorized the
President to call out any number of
troops he saw fit, and that this legis
lation was sufficient to cover the pres
ent emergency. With this general
understanding the bill was passed by
both houses and agreed to to-day.
President McKinley, however, is viot
satisfied that his authority under law
to call out men is yet sufficient, with
out express authorization by Congress
of a stated limit. On account of this
uncertainty Attorney General Griggs
was requested to give a decision.
It is understood that the Attorney
General will hold that the language of
law is explicit in requiring a stated
limit to be tlxed by Conerress, and that
Congress will be asked to pass a reso
lution, probably to be affixed to a for
mal declaration of war, which is ex
pected to be made to-morrow. This
will give the necessary authority for
a call for 100,000 volunteers and should
the resolution pass early in the day it
is probable that the proclamation may
be issued to-morrow evening.
NEUTRALITY
OF NATIONS
How the United States
Proposes to Treat Ships
of Friendly Powers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 22.— Following
up the formalities beginning with the
blockade proclamation, the State De
partment this afternoon addressed an
identical note to all of the representa
tives of the foreign nations accredited to
Washington, notifying them of the pol
icy to be pursued by this Government in
the matter of privateering and neutral
ity. This was followed by the sending of
cable messages to all American em
bassies and legations abroad contain
ing the same information in a little
more succinct form for presentation to
the Governments to which they are ac
credited. The statement was precisely
similar in terms to that telegraphed
last Wednesday, and its formal adop-
tion by the Government as the line of
policy to be pursued was not prevented
by the criticism passed upon it in the
Senate yesterday by Money of Missis
sippi.
In brief, it declares that our Govern
ment will not resort to privateering:;
that enemies' goods on neutral bottoms,
save contraband, are exempt from seiz
ure; that neutral goods not contra
band under enemies' flag are exempt
from seizure, and that blockades, to be
binding, must be effective. In sub
stance, these are the principles laid
down in the agreement of Paris in 1856.
The officials are not disturbed at the
semi-official notice from Madrid that
Spain will refuse to be bound by the
same principles and forbid privateer
ing, for they are satisfied that the great
commercial powers will not tolerate the
practice of privateering under the
Spanish flag. Inasmuch as there ex
ists a great amount of misapprehen
sion, not only among foreign countries,
but also among American shippers, as
to the character of merchandise that is
contraband and liable to seizure during
the progress of war, the following un
official but authentic statement has
been obtained from a high official of
the Government:
In determining, according to the law
of nations, whether merchandise is con
traband of war. it is classified:
First— Absolute contraband.
Second — Occasional or conditional
contraband.
Third— Goods not contraband.
BLOCKADE
OF CUBAN
SEAPORTS.
How Sampson's Fleet
Will Shut Out Sup=
plies From Havana.
While the Blockade Is Being Ex
tended to Porto Rico Fly
ing Squadron Will Battle
With Enemy's Ships.
NEW YORK, April 22.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Appre
ciating that Havana is the key to the
military situation in Cuba, Rear Ad
miral Sampson, commander-in-onie* of
the North Atlantic squadron, has con
fin* d the blockade he instituted to poris
connecting by railroal with that city.
Sampson has also taken measures to
blockade the port of San Juan, Porto
Rico, and within the next few days an
official announcement of this blockade
will be made. Naturally the officials
will not say that Rear Admiral Samp
son has moved against Porto Rico, but
there is reason to believe that some of
the ships have been sent to San Juan
and the American flying squadron has
been held in reserve for the difficult
work of placing hors de combat Spain's
fleet now at Cape Verde Islands.
Secretary Long was in conference to
day with the naval war board discuss
ing the next move this Government
should make. This was the first time.
Secretary Long has been present at the
meeting of the board. He listened at
tentively to the discussion of •»■ — * ex
perts and entered into it with a decision
and judgment that was well anore
ciated by the officers with whom he
conferred. As soon as war is formally
declared by Congress, it is confident
ly expected that orders will be sent to
the flying squadron to proceed to sea
for the purpose of giving bat +l - to
Spain's squadron now at St. Vincent.
Before the battle takes place, how
ever Commodore Schley's fleet —**' be
reinforced. The efforts of the vessels
of the North Atlantic squadron, now in
Cuban waters, will be confined to pre
venting any supplies reaching Spain's
force in the city of Havana. An offi
cial with whom I talked pointed out
that Havana is the terminus of a net
work of railways, which connect with
Cardenas and Matanzas on the
east, and Bahia Honda, Port
Cabanas and Muriel on' the
west. Cienfuegos is also a railroad ter
minus, and if the blockade runners
could get supplies in that port, 'they
could be sent to Havana. It will be
the duty of American vessels to warn
neutral vessels away from these ports,
and should they then attempt to vio
late the blockade, they will be seized
and condemned as blockade runners
and will be taken before a prize court,
which will be held at Key West, and
will undoubtedly be condemned by that
judicial body.
"I can appreciate why no attempt is
being made by the department to block
ade the entire coast of Cuba," said a
well-known naval officer to me to-day.
"Rear-Admiral Sampson has not suf
ficient vessels to make such a blockade
effective, and it would do no good to
blockade a great many ports which are
held by small Spanish garrisons and
which cannot communicate with Ha
vana except by road. Sampson's plan
is to prevent supplies from reaching
the Spanish force in Havana, co as to
starve it into submission, or at least
into such a state that it will not be
able to give any great resistance to
the military expedition which will be
organized next week. The Insurgents
are expected to prevent any supplies
reaching Havana by interior communi
cation. I have no doubt that the in
surgents are actively engaged at this
moment in destroying every means of
communication between the interior
and Havana that it is possible to do."
Immediate with the issuance of the
President's proclamation declaring a
blockade of Cuban ports instructions
went to diplomatic representatives of
the United States, directing them to in
form the governments to which they
are accredited of the action taken by
the Government and the chnrncter of
the proclamation issued. This noti
fication to governments of the institu
tion of the blockade will be considered
as a notification to citizens and to any
neutral vessels leaving port after to
day for blockaded ports that such ves
sels will be liable to capture by Ameri
can men-of-war engaged in patrol
work.
Just how many vessels Rear- Admiral
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Every careful housewife looks forward to the coming of spring, when sh*
can equip her parlors and bed chambers anew. The opportunity now offers.
- We close out every piece of handsome parlor furniture at 50 cents on the dol-
lar of Its value to make room for Klondike rush in June and July. We have
not a complete stock, but some very choice suites and single pieces. Ask for
Bargain Furniture on Third and Fifth floors.
FIRST FLOOR_BARGAINS. THIRD FLOOR BARGAINS.
Splint clothes basket, medium size 10 Ladies' modem hand bags, leather 40
Clothes hampers, round or square. : 60 p, ov - s hlb ove-iIU lltt'i* fellows «
Klondike sleds for the Alaska trail $3 00 T Oy . overalls. little fellows... 2o
Folding rockers, closing $12 50 kind 760 Kls llly s summer vesta, closing 10
Dog harness for the north... : 200 Men's 34 to 37 summer coat and vest 50
Luggage carriers for bicycle use ',0 Polo suits, ought to bring $6. now 100
Covered canteens' to take to camp........ 25 ! Polo pants, separate, 30 to 3S W .'.. 60
Cream freezers, with 60 lbs 5a1t..... ISS j Sizes, 34, 35, 36. fine caasimere coats, $150 2 00
Mustard and mustard cup. best 10 i Puck coats, lined, $2 25 grade 00
Victor rolled oats, warranted to please.... 2 1 ; Blankets, per pair, Georgia wool 65
Prunes, very fine,- not 1arge........'... 3 Blankets, per pair, sheep's wool 225
. ! Straw hats for boys, new styles 15
Pure clam Juice, 2-lb tin. D0xie5'.........'. 10 Straw hats for men. , seasonable 25
Bread, cake and paring knives, 5et...... 20 | Lace curtains, per pair 50
Eastern lye, l-!b . can 5....... 5 Bed spread?, white, good size 50
Wooden salt boxes, lao kind........ 5 I Klondike shoes, high cut. good.. 250
Splint baskets with handle, 5ma11.......... 1 j Hammocks, manilla. good and strong 50
4-hole wood cook stove, warranted 575 i Carpets, tapestry brussels, several pat-
Small heating or box' stove 225 -terns' l .;  ....* 40
Fish rods, folding, 10»,i feet long "..... 5 I Boy's baseball bats, now 6
Call and look over our great store, carrying the greatest variety and
quantity of goods on the coast. No effort is made to sell goods you do not
want. Prices plainly marked. We keep store to make a living and not to
sell goods, as some advertise, below cost. Welcome! Welcome to SMITH'S
; CASH STORE, 25-27 Market street, San Francisco. Take any car line.
Sampson has on blockade duty in Cu
ban waters and how many he has sent
to Porto Rican waters cannot be
learned to-day. It is believed, how
ever that the gunboats and torpedo
boats, with some of the small cruis
ers, have been left in Cuban waters,
while the larger men-of-war have gona
to San- Juan, and by to-morrow even
ing (Saturday) will commence the
blockade of that port.
Secretary Gage telegraphed all col
lectors of customs on the Atlantic, Gulf
and Pacific seaboards, as soon as the
President signed his proclamation, that
ail ports on the north coast of Cuba
from Cardenas to Bahia Honda and
also Cienfuegos on the south coast have
been blockaded by the United States.
Collectors were instructed to commun
icate this notification in writing to all
foreign Consuls in their respective dis
tricts, and to masters of all vessels ap
plying for clearance to blockaded ports
or ports in their vicinity. The in
structions will prevent a loss to the
Spanish and Spanish owners, and at
the same time simplify the work of the
blockading squadrons. Collectors weri
also instructed to telegraph the names
of all Spanish vessels in their dis
tricts, but it is believed but few remain
in American ports.
PREPARING
DEFENSES
General Blanco to Make
Stubborn Resistance
at Havana.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
TAMPA, April 22.— 1 am informed by
an intelligent Englishman who left
Havana yesterday that Captain-Gen
eral Blanco and the Spanish authori
ties have since the departure of Con
sul-General Lee regarded war as inev
itable and have been bending extraor
dinary energy' to the concentration of
troops and supplies in Havana. Nearly
a hundred thousand troops have been
assembled, of whom 40,000 are regulars
and the rest volunteers. This disposi
tion leaves Havana Province practi
cally at the mercy of insurgents, who
scorning the sham armistice, are re
ported unusually active. Several small
engagements have occurred within the
last week in which the Spanish say
they hava been successful.
General Blanco has openly announced
his intention to defend Havana against
the American fleet or army, or both.
Another enrollment of volunteers has
been made which includes nearly all
able-bodied men in the city and prov
ince and 30,000 have been distributed.
The new recruits are being constantly
drilled at night, and as a consequence
the city constantly resounds with war
like sounds. Residents of Havana ex
hibit enthusiasm and determination.
Many of the wealthy classes are clos
i ing their houses and moving to the in
j terior, anticipating a siege or bom
bardment.
Provisions are hoarded and prices
have risen enormous! 1 -. So far there
has been no lack of food, except among
the extremely poor -who will doutless
loot the city if General Blanco is de
feated and forced to evacuate It.
Spanish engineer officers have laid
out a plan for land defenses, and many
laborers are at work constructing: for
tifications. The Englishman, whose
name is not given, because he expects
to return, got away on a small
schooner.
SMITHS' CASH STORE, 27 Market
street, sells "STANDARD" shirts. •
34
AMERICANS SHOULDER TO SHOULDER.
DONS WHO
GET DUE
WARNING
They Tear Down America's
Eagle and Their Flag
Falls With It.
Civil Governor of Madrid Rallies the
Superstitious Crowd by Putting
His Foot on the Emblem
of Liberty,
Copyrighted, ISPS, by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID. April 22.— A wave of red
hot enthusiasm swept over this place
with the departure of the American
Minister. The demonstration upon the
station platform yesterday was the
first of a series that lasted well Into
the small hours of the morning. Ev
ery time a dozen or more people form
Into a group some one is sure to give
the signal, and "Viva Espana!" is
cried until all are hoarse.
An incident happened that has unfa
vorably troubled these people, so su
perstitions are all the races with
Latin blood in their veins. The hand
some building of the New York Equit
able Life Assurance Company stands
at tho corner of Calle de Alcala and
Calle de Sevilla. High upon the facade
and just below the dome stood last
night an immense eagle keeping guard
with outstretched wings over the
Btarred and striped shield of the United
States. Underneath, fastened to the
balcony, was a flagstaff, where on fes
tivals and holidays the American flag
is usually floated. Last night an an
gry crowd ns^i n:!>!ed there before the
building, howling for the American es
cutcheon to be turn down. As the
hours went by Ihe crowd became
denser. A Spanish flag was run out on
a pole and was greeted w.th wild
cheers.
Finally two men climbed up to theob
noxious t'jigii.' and shield and succeed
ed at last in tearing down the em
blem. This they Hung to the crowd be
low, which was waiting with frantic
Impatience t<» tear it to pieces. Hut in
Its fall the eagle with starry shield tore
away th>> Spanish tlag. and both fell
to the ground together. There was a
hush of dismay tor a moment. Then
some one caught up the flag and waved
it aloft, while tin 1 crowd swept around
It with shouts and even subs of en
thusiasm.
When the eagle fell the civil gov
ernor of the town, Senor Aquiilor.
who makes his functions popular by
his leading and controlling crowds,
put his foot upon the offending bird
and began a patriotic speech, which
was highly applauded.
Senor Kosilio, director of the Equit
nhl" agency, made a speech from the
balcony, stating that all employes in
the building were Spanish and that the
institution was mortgaged upon the
lives of Spanish subjects. The building
was now bright with Spanish flags.
Meanwhile the authorities had sent to
the ofii'-c-s of the New York Life In
surance Company, asking Director
Feed to remove tho big sign which at
tracts the eye on the Puerto del Sol.
This rather serious undertaking— for
SPAIN MAY
HEED ADVICE
Still a Chance That There
Will Be No Privateer
ing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 22.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald Fays:
"The President remains commenda
bly pacific to the utmost limit," said a
prominent diplomat to me to-night.
"Eve i in beginning the war he only
inaugurates a blockade and hesitates to
fire the first shot. As commendable as
this is in view of the great pressure
brought to bear upon him. it must be
particularly irritating to Spain. It is
treating her just as the pcwerfl treated
Greece last year in blockading Crete.
And it would not be surprising if in
dignation did not force the Spaniards
to bring on actual hostilities either by
attacking our fleet with the small boats
In Cuban harbors or in forcing an pn
page:/ient with their fleet now supposed
to be headed westward."
This may be taken as the typical view
of diplomatists ir Washington. All i*f
the members of the diplomatic corps
with whom I have talked seem to ex
pect nothing further than strict neu
trality on the part of their respective
Government?. The idea of underhand
assistance for Spain they wholly dis
credit, except such private aid as may
come from those interested in Spanish
securities.
There will not be any necessity for
proclamations of neutrality, although
they may be given out. None was is
sued at the outbreak of hostilities last
spring in Thessaly. Once diplomatic
relations between two countries are
Revered and war is declared, neutrality
and the granting of rights of belliger
ency follow as a matter of course.
The most positive part to be taken by
foreign powers in trouble may
result in Spain's refusal to
abide by the treaty of Paris
in regard to privateering. It is thought
that the positive position taken by the
great powers against it, and the loss of
sympathy if she persists In ignoring the
trpaty, will finally cause Spain to give
the treaty reluctant recognition. The
knowledge that British sympathy and
sentiment are already against her and
that British commerce will be most
Injured if privateering prevails, may
Induce the Spanish Government to fol
low this old-time chief resource of
Spanish naval warfare,
the sign ia large and of Iron — was com
pleted as the day was dawning.
The prevailing idea of the moment is
to obliterate everything American,
however trifling, and it has even come
<:.>wn to the sign of an American dent
ist. Dr. Tinker, which was wrenched
away. There was a rumor on the
Bourse to-day that Austria had offered
four warships to Spain, the latter, to
pay when convenient. The Correspon
dencia suggests to the Government the
expulsion of all correspondents writing
for American papers on the plea that
they know too much.
Senor Sagasta is evidently going to
remain in power, his object in offer
ing to the Government the reins of
power being merely to strengthen his
hand.
During General Woodford's journey
from Spain there have been many dis
orderly scenes at stations where the
train stopped. General Woodford knew
nothing of the disturbances until he
reached Tolosa. There a sergeant of
the civil guard, accompanied by a priv
ate, boarded the train and demanded
that Mr. Joaquiri Moreno disembark
from the car. James, the general's
valet, thereupon awakened the general,
who hurriedly dresssd while matters
were being explained to him.
The general then formally protested,
through the medium of a correspond
ent, against the attempted interference
with his suite, declaring that Mr. Mo
reno was his private secretary and a
British subject. The Spaniards claimed
that he was a Spanish subject, but the
general refused to give him up to the
police and placed himself In the door
way of the compartment in which Mr.
Moreno was traveling, declaring he
would only surrender the latter if
forced to do so.
The Minister then asked the corres
pondent to explain to the Spaniards
that he placed Mr. Moreno under the
protection of the British flag and that
if they took him It would only be by
using personal violence to the United
States Minister, who proposed to pro
tect Mr. Moreno until the frontier was
crossed.
If an artist had been present at that
moment, ho could have secured material
for a striking picture of the gallant
general blocking the doorway against
the dons and the smiling encourage
ment of his friends, who were quite j
handy and realy to protect him if any
attempt had been made to touch the
Minister. The picture might have been
completed by a reproduction of the I
grinning features of James, delighted
at the prospect of a brush with the
Spaniards. General Woodford whis
pered to the correspondent, who after
ward drew the Spaniards into a cor
ner and explained to them the serious
nature of their action, pointing out that
it might lead to complications with i
Great Britain. This argument prevail- i
od, and the troublesome visitors with
drew. When the train reached San Se
bastian Mr. Moreno and General Wood
ford felt considerably relieved.
SPAIN FAVORS
PIRATICAL WAR
El Epoca Intimates Mad
rid Will Issue Letters
of Marque.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, April 22.— El Epoca (Con
servative) discusses the question of
privateers, and expresses a doubt of
the truth of the report that the United
States has renounced this option, "in
asmuch as America and Spain were
the only nations that maintained the
option at the Congress of Paris in 1856."
The paper insists that "all the argu
ments then adduced by the United
States for upholding the option now
are in favor of Spain, who will not re
nounce it."
El Epoca says also that "Spain does
not consider fair the declaration of the
neutral powers as to contraband of
war, thus favoring one of the belliger
ents, namely, America," and it cites the
case of England in 1885, who opposd
stoutly the action of France in the
Tonquin war in declaring rice contra
band.
"All that England then alleged in
favor or Uriusn subjects," says El
: Epoch, "can be urged by Spain respect
j ing coal, which is the bread of life of
■ industry, without which modern war
fare is impossible."
Respecting the blockade of Cuba, El
I Epoca calls to mind and invites the at
! tention of Europe to the fact that
| "both America and Spain accepted
: clause four in the declaration of Paris.
I providing that 'a blockade must be ef
fective and not on paper.' "
El Epoca declares that twice the
present American fleet would not be
adequate to establish an effective
i blockade of Cuba. Moreover, under the
| established rules, a blockade requires
! previous notification to the authorities
: of Cuba and the powers, allowing all
i shipping a definite term to clear out of
; the blockaded ports.
Pacific Grove Election Contest.
PACIFIC GROVE, April 22. -Papers
; contesting the legality of the election or
; C. E. Hart as Trustee of Pacific Grove
. were filed yesterday in Superior Court.
I J. A. Peterson brings suit, for \V. A Bun
j lap. who was defeated by Hart in the
! recent municipal election by one vote
I Peterson alleges fraud on the part or
i the election officers in crediting seven
votes to Hart which should have been
counted for Dunlap.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 23, 1898.
SHOULD JOIN
WITH ENGLAND
Ex - Minister Phelps
Thinks Such a Move
Might Be Wise.
Uncle Sam Needs the Aid of
Britain to Hold His Own
on the Ocean.
Interests of the Pacific Coast in the
Far East Question Cannot
Be Overlooked.
Copyright, 1898, by George Grantham Bain.
NEW HAVEN, April 22.— Edward J.
Phelps, ex-Minister to England, is an
authority on international law and in
ternational relations. While our repre
sentative at the court of St. James it
was his privilege to enjoy a wealth of
opportunity along the lines of studying
the real attitude of the Englishman
toward the American poeple. Keenly
alive to the facts Mr. Phelps has since
his return to this country made a study
of comparisons and it is doubtful if any
man is better fitted to speak of the
actual attitude of each nation toward
the other than he.
When he was asked to say exactly
what, in his opinion, the facts were re
garding our situation at home and
abroad— the facts that would form the
basis of dispassionate consideration of
the wisdom of an alliance — he said:
The wisdom of an jilHanee between the
I'nlted States and England depends upon
the terms proposed. Anything that will
strengthen the brotherly feeling between
the people of the two nations should be
fostered. There Is an element in our
own country which would oppose any al
liance, but in England nothing of the
sort exists. I know that we are regarded
by Englishmen with fraternal kindness.
For defensive reasons we need no as
sistance from any one. We can take care
of ourselves under any circumstances
which seem possible. The Chinese ques
tion has, however, assumed an import
ance that under all circumstances makes
It necessary for us to look seriously upon
the suggestion of an alliance with Eng
land. I am not prepared to say that we
should or should not form an alliance so
far as individual questions are concerned.
The only point of view from which we
can now consider the matter Is on the
basis of the broad principle itself, on the
broad ground of general advisability.
What do you consider the leading rea
sons in favor of an alliance?
It seems to me there are several rea-
Bons, the first important being one which
I fancy may not meet altogether with the
approval of the masses— the benefit Eng
land would be to us under such circum
stances. She is a far older nation and
therefore more experienced, possessing
the calm wisdom that comes with age
and the power to Judge dispassionately.
We should be to her like the young part
ner to the old one, and, as in the case of
such a partnership, the younger always
gains through the ripe knowledge of his
elder. The calm, firm, wise policy of
England results in the, settlement of diffi
culty, where often the ephemeral pas
sages of our diplomacy accomplish little
or nothing.
Another reason which might weigh in
favor of an alliance is the presence of our
great neighbor to the north that stretches
from sea to sea— Canada, But for the
presence of Canada nothing would con
front us at home which would make it
possible that we might have serious diffi
culty with England. But no man can
foresee what will happen. There are
difficulties between nations under such
circumstances Just as there are between
landowners or In business life. Therefore
I say that just so long as Canada exists,
so long is there a possibility of difficulty
whit h an alliance would be very apt to
remove.
Again, there is the moral strength that
we should enjoy through an alliance with
England. I mean the moral strength re
sulting from the effect of such an alli
ance upon other nations. It is not to be
supposed for a moment that any power
would attack the United States and Eng
land if those two nations presented a
solid front. For that reason an alliance
might be advantageous.
Then there is another reason that we
should by no means forget in considering
this question of alliance. This is that it
would still further cement the fraternal
feeling which now exists. The people of
Great Britain are favorably disposed to
ward the people of the United States.
Map of Cuba and the Adjacent Waters, Showing the Scope of the Blockade Instituted
by Rear Admiral Sampson's Fleet on the Order of the President.
The blockade of Cuban ports ordc ed by the President will be far mere effective than it promises to be at first glance. Bahla Honda. Cabanas and
Mariel on the west and Matanzas and Cardenas on the east, with Clenfuegos on the southern coast, include all the seaport termini of the several sys
tems of railroads connecting with Havana that are in operation in the western half of the island. With General Gomez and his army near Santa Clara,
shutting off communications by land, the western half and most important half of the island is entirely isolated. The large extent of the Cuban coast
line, over 2100 miles, precludes any possibility of an effectual blockade of the whole with the comparatively small number of ships at Captain Sampson's
disposal. With sixty-four armed vesselQ watching the coasts Spain has been unable to keep out the filibustering expeditions with supplies for the insur
gents.
They admire our pluck our energy, ouf
strength. You know we are all English
when it comes' to a matter <> f '"'
or at kast the majority of us are. Henct
tnere is the consanguinity wmvl) -
ever exist between two nations allied by
the closest of all ties— a common blood.
Still another fact we must consider
when surveying the field of reason
opened by the question of an Anglo-
American alliance is the effect upon com
merce. We are not a nation of seamen;
England is. Our marine is not developed.
Hers has gained with every year. If is
as a sea power that she holds her nigh
position. Were it otherwise she would
never be able to maintain her dignity and
power in all parts of the world. On the
sen an alliance would be of unquestioned
advantage to us.
Is it not possible for us to place our
selves on an equality with Great Britain?
Can we not build all the ships we need?
Unquestionably we can build ships. We
have as good shipwrights and as good
facilities for constructing vessels as 'could
be desired. But how can we man these
ships? We have more vessels now than
we have experienced crews for. You can
educate a man in the principles of mili
tary duty in a comparatively short space
of time, but seamen must be bred. Eng
land has been breeding them for cen
turies. Her mariners are to the manner
born. Your true seaman is never a lands
man. For this reason the sails of Eng
land's fleets are on every sea and her
ships are manned by men whose home is
the sea. who are more capable of deeds
of greatness on water than on land. Eng
land is infinitely superior on the ocean. It
would take js more than a hundred years
to bring our marine, our navy, up to her
standard.
Then you consider that an alliance with
England would, because of England's
powerful navy, be of advantage to us In
whatever position we might assume re
garding the settlement of the Chinese
question?
I would not say that. As I said before.
I do not think that the matter of an
alliance can now be intelligently and dis
passionately discussed on the basis of an
individual case. It Is a question of prin
ciple, of advisability, and. therefore, to
say we should rush into an alliance of
any sort because of one reason or an
other is unwise. It is possible that Eng
land's support would be of aid to us in
the Chinese matter. Certainly the United
States cannot assume an attitude of In
difference, for her commercial interests
that are Involved are altogether too Im
portant. We are prone to forget that we
have a Pacific Coast. We are inclined to
look at China as from New York, when
in reality New York has nothing to do
with the matter. Our commerce, our
traffic with the Eastern countries is a
possession of San Francisco and the Pa
cific Coast. We must recognize that fact.
The day is coming when all that section
of the United States will be filled with
people just as it Is east of the Mississippi.
Considering this fact, the necessity of ac
tion by our Government in the Chinese
matter is clearly apparent.
SPANISH SHIPS MAY
INTERCEPT THE PARIS.
SOUTHAMPTON, Eng;., April 22.—
The steamer Paris of the American
line, chartered by the Tnited States
Government, sailed at 2:15 p. m. for
New York, though her regular sailing
day is Saturday. She had 150 passen
gers, and her cargo included a quan
tity of guns and ammunition. There
was great enthusiasm among the
crowds on the docks, and the band of
the Union Steamship Company's
steamer Britain played "Yankee Doo
dle" as the Paris steamed seaward. The
Paris passed Hurst Castle at 3:35 p. m.
LONDON, April 23.— The Daily Mail
says: The Spanish embassy notified
the Madrid Government of the depart
ure of the Paris, and it is believed that
fast cruisers from Cadiz and Corunna
will try to intercept her.
The Liverpool correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph says: Surprise was
expressed here to-day (Friday) that
the Paris should have sailed unescort
ed, especially as there were rumors in
the Mersey that Spanish war vessels
were waiting to intercept her off the
south coast of Ireland. Yet the pas
sengers of the Paris were assured of
their perfect safety.
The Chronicle publishes a rumor that
the American liner Paris had already
been captured by Sranish warships.
THEIR MISSION WAS
A COMPLETE FAILURE.
Spaniards Who Went to See if In-
surgents Would Accept the Ar-
mistice Not Successful.
Copyrighted, 1593. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, April 22.— The committee
that went early in the week to Santa
Cruz del Sur as agents of the autono
mists to try ami persuade the insur
gents to accept the armistice offered by
Spain will he back in Havana Sunday,
it is expected. Its mission was a fail
ure. It did not even get a chance to
speak to the insurgent leaders whom
it was asking to turn to peace.
GOLDEN WEST
VOLUNTEERS
Regiment of Cavalry Or
ganized at Los An
geles.
Its Services at Once Tendered
to the State and Na
tion.
Anxious to Go to ths Front, the
Men Appeal for Marching
Ordere.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 22.— Complete
organization of the First Regiment,
Southern California Volunteer Cavalry,
was effected to-day and services ten
dered to the President and the Gover
nor for the war with Spain. Recruit
ing has been going on for some time,
care being taken to make selections
from the best material in Southern Cal
ifornia. The result is most satisfactory,
as of 1100 men enlisted all will give a
good account of themselves at the
front.
General Johnstone Jones, who was
adjutant general of North Carolina for
twelve years, was elected colonel of the
new regiment. The lieutenant colonel
is Harry W. Patton, who formerly had
a commission as major in the National
Guard of California. The majors are
Leroy E. Mosher, a Union veteran and
now of the Los Angeles Times, and J.
T. Thompson and M. L. Starin, both ex
perienced soldiers. Captain and adju
tant, A. C. Rosco; chaplain, Rev. J. T.
Thornton; sergeant major, George A.
Johnston.
Captains commanding companies are:
A. B. Cassil of Downey, W. U. Hole of
Whittier, Walter Jameson of Los An
geles, Charles S. Swaine of Riviera, H.
! T. Mathews of Santa Ana, J. W. Sum-
I merfleld of Santa Monica, W. A. Games
| of Compton and H. J. Toberman, M. S.
I Aguirre, ex-Sheriff Tlu,ucore Frosee, J.
' A. Falkenberg of Los Angeles.
Among the lieutenants are such men
as Will A. Harris, the eminent lawyer:
"Jack" Johnston, a grandson of Albert
Sidney Johnston; Ralph Dominguez of
the old California family of that name,
and others of the flower of Southern
California youth. The boys are very
anxious to be put into the field and
Colonel H. W. Patton was appointed to
go to Sacramento and personally tender
the services of the regiment to Gover
nor Budd.
SECRETARY SHERMAN
EXPECTED TO RESIGN.
NEW YORK. April 22.— The following
was received from a Washington corre
spondent late to-night: Secretary of
St -te Sherman is ex. )ected to resign
from the Cabinet in the near future.
Mr. Sherman has had very little to do
with the important actions of the State
Department during the crisis with
Spain, and it is stated on high author
ity to-night that a change in the Sec
retaryship has been decided upon, and
that it will possibly occur -within the
next week or ten days. It is understood
that Assistant Secretary of State Day
is to be promoted to the head of the
Department.
Succumbs to Injuries.
INDEPENDENCE. April 22.— Frank
Fitzgerald, County Supervisor for twelve
years and one of the best known mining
men in the desert section, died yesterday.
His demise was due to Injuries received
in a runaway six weeks ago.
The Twentieth. Century.
The twentieth century will begin on Jan.
! Ist, 1901. and end with 2000. People did not
i begin to re-ckon time from A. D. 1, but waited
until about the 550 th year of the Christian era.
People who hegrin to take the great health
restorative. Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, Im
mediately after the first outbreak of dyspepsia,
malaria, rheumatism, constipation, nervous
: r.ess or kidney trouble will date their cure im
j mediately from then.
VOYAGE OF
OREGON AND
MARIETTA
Naval Officers No Longer
Worry About Their
Safety.
The Vessels Will Take on Coal at
Rio de Janeiro and Then
Convoy the Nichtheroy
to Key West.
Copyrighted. IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
NEW YORK, April 22.—
Charles R. Flint & Co. an
nounced to-night that they had
received a cable from their
agents in Buenos Ayres, which
said that the Spanish torpedo
gun vessel Temerario was pre
paring to go to sea. The mes
sage further said it was report
ed that the Temerario was short
of ammunition, and that she was
trying to secure some from the
Argentine Republic.
BUENOS AYRES, April 22.— A1l the
coal available here and at Rio de Jan
eiro has been purchased by English and
American agents at the latter town.
The Oregon and Marietta will take the
Nictheroy to the United States. A bat
talion of Spanish volunteers has been
organized and equipped to go to Cuba.
NEW YORK, April 22.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
says: Learning that the Spanish tor
pedo gun vessel \iemerario is still at
Montevideo, naval officers heaved a
sigh of relief ar.d have ceased to worry
about the safety of the battle-ship Ore
gon and the gunboat Marietta. The
Oregon left Callao, Peru, April 5, and
it is believed that during the seven
teen days which have since elapsed she
has covered a distance of 4300 miles,
which would place her at this time in
about the vicinity of Montevideo.
There is reason to believe the Oregon
and the Marietta when next heard from
will be reported at Rio de Janiero. Min
ister Bryan, the American representa
tive to Brazil, has made arrangements
for coaling the ships immediately upon
their arrival. Brazil cannot refuse to
permit the vessels to purchase sufficient
coal to carry them to Key West, her
neutrality obligations only requiring
that she shall not permit her ports to
be used as a base of operations by one
power against another. After leaving
Rio de Janeiro the Oregon and the
Marietta will steam at once to Key
West, where they will coal. They will
then join the North Atlantic squadron.
I was told at the Navy Department
to-day that the Nichtheroy had not
sailed from Rio Janeiro, and the of
ficials state now that as war is now on
between the United States and Spain
the former Brazilian cruiser will be
held at her present anchorage until
the arrival of the Oregon and the
Marietta, which will convoy her to the
United States. It has developed that
Brazil declined to sell the Nichtheroy
with her battery, so that when she
starts for this country she will have
no guns aboard. There is no doubt in
the minds of the officials of the ability
of the Oregon and M.arietta to stand
off any of the vessels of the Spanish
navy in the West Indies which may
attempt to interfere with their voyag«
to Key West.
Dolan Charged With Perjury.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, April 22.— The latest phase of
the Nevills-Azhderian case, which is at
tracting much interest in this city, oc
curredthis evening, when M. H. Az.hderian
swore to a warrant for the arrest ot
Thomas Dolan on a charge of perjury.
John Azhderian and Myron, his brother,
have suits for $25,000 and JT-O.noo respec
tively against Nevills for alleged impris
onment in the Palace Hotel at San Fran
cisco, and Captain Nevills does not hesi
tate to say that there is a conspiracy to
blackmail him. An effort is being made
to probe the matter to the bottom, and a
number of arrests have been made, the
purpose of which Is generally believed to
ne to get a chance to question witnesses
under oath and elicit from them facts
concerning the conspiracy.
Dolan was arrested fcr disturbing the
peace of Azhderian and pleaded guilty, the
influence was brought to bear and the
case was tried and resulted in sensational
testimony of a plot to assassinate Cap
tain Nevills being brought out. l»olan
told under oath that Azhderian had a: -
1 proached him and made a proposition to
: murder Nevills. Dolan's testimony in
volved Myron Azhderian and Mrs. "Wil
liams, who were employed at Nevills'
Paragon vineyard. Azhderian denied the
: story, declaring it all a fabrication, and
i has charged Dolan with perjury for testi
! fying to it.
Dolan, it is understood, will receive the
support of Captain Nevills, while Azhde
. rian will have the benefit of Mrs. Wil
liams' testimony. She will swear the
story is not true.
■
IS REFUSED
ENLISTMENT.
HERE IS A CASE THAT OCCURS
daily. This man has applied for ad-
mission to the army, and the doctor has
reluctantly to refuse him. His general
health is all right, but his nervous sys-
tem is shattered. Strange that a man
who looks healthy should be unfit for tha
army. But Uncle Sum must have whole
men— not half men. This man is the vic-
tim of follies and the neglect to get prop-
er treatment in time. He was indiscreet.
No one knows just in what way but him-
self. But he ruined his nervous system.
He must suffer in consequence. The HUD-
YAN treatment would have put his
nerves in normal condition again, but ha
did not try it. Even the very worst cases
are cured in an amazingly short space of
time. Full confidence returns promptly
and the full power of vigorous manhood
asserts itself. Look your neighbor in tne
eye once again. You know how weak you
are. You know that you do not have re-
freshing sleep. You know that your hands
tremble. You know that you are going
from bad to worse. Stop, man! Stop!
Think for a single moment what th,e end
will be. Do you want to lose ail your vi-
tal force? HUDYAN will cure you. It
will make you full of joy that you are
alive and able to perform all the work, all
the duties, of a man. You would rather
lie down than stand up to-day, but in a
week you won't know yourself. The fire
of life shining in your eyes and on your
face. The great joy of being no loneer a
weakling will fill your soul. HUDYAN
cannot fall, no matter how much you may
have abused the privileges with which
you— like all other men— were once
blessed. Write and ask about it. Surely
it Is worth that much trouble. The best
medical advice in the country free for the
asking, no matter what disease you have.
Ask for Information about the "thirty-
day blood cure" for blood taint. No
charge. .
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
ELLIS, STOCKTON AND MARKET STS.,
San Francisco, Cal.
"HUDYAN" and "30-Day Blood
Cure" circulars and testimonials are
free. Write to-day sure.
DUFUinKKG
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S <»«••*
tmpm Museum of Anatomy
I llft§\ .. ICEI IUSSET ST. let. 6th 4 7th. B.F. Cal. •
H -J8 a The L«rgeit«fJtskJnilißtb»Wocl*. .
JsliA DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
XtV \. OonjultHloa free. Writ, tor Co*
\\ Il^ Philosophy^of ' Marriage.
• U HAILED FREE-THE MILITIA CALLED OUT
The field duty which National Guardsmen of California have been so caper to perform is at hand. The long period of inactivity and suspense is about over. To-day Major General
Dickinson, division commander of the National Guard of the State, will, by direction of Governor Budd, commander-in-chief of the military and naval forces of California, call the entire guard
into service.
Governor Budd, Adjutant General Dickinson and Brigadier General Warfield were busy at headquarters in the California Hotel yesterday. It was thought early in the day that the
command to place the division on waiting orders would go out before the day closed. Later on it was decided to defer the promulgation of the order until this morning. It transpires that the
order is already prepared by the adjutant general and only awaits the signature of the Governor. The effect of calling out the troops will be to place officers and enlisted men on the State payroll.
The Naval Reserve, as an organization of the National Guard, is included in the order.
The Senate amendment to the volunteer bill, which Senator White presented at the suggestion of Governor Budd, authorized the acceptance of a compact division of State troops.
The Governor had planned to tender the entire division of California troops to the President and go into the field himself. Later in the evening the text of the bill was received by The Call
from Washington, wherein it appears that Senator White's amendment was modified. The modification makes a regiment the largest single organization that can be accepted from any State.
Governor Budd inclines to the belief that two regiments will be California's quota under the call for 100.000 troops. He said last night "If I receive the call .to-morrow for
2000 men from this State I shall immediately inform the President by wire that two regiments of iooo men each will rendezvous without delay at places to be designated. I am not prepared to
say to-ni^ht what organizations of the National Guard will be called out to serve in the volunteer army. It is probable that companies will be selected from each of the existing organized brigades.
I cannot tell now whether we will be expected to furnish only infantry, or infantry, cavalry and artillery. If the division is called out the Naval Reserve will of course be included and the
men responding to duty will receive the State pay of $2 a day in addition to the amount paid by the United States. This allowance of $2 a day is regarded as payment for the time that mem
bers of the Guard have served in making themselves familiar with military duties."
The opinion was expressed by officers of the National Guard last night that the Governor would take the field with the State troops, leaving to Lieutenant Governor Jeter the duty of di
recting the .-itlairs of the State.
The members of the Guard will receive a complete equipment of new uniforms next Monday. The clothing was purchased by money appropriated by the Legislature at the last ses
sion. Doubtless the men will go into the United States' service wearing the uniforms provided by the State. This is a great point in favor of immediate response under the call.
One regiment of California troops may be ordered for duty at the Presidio. The Governor may get intelligence from Washington to-day which will indicate the particular field of
service to which the California troops will be assigned.
MERRIAM
WILL HEW
THE WORKS
Presidio Post Will
Have a New Com
mander.
Troopers of the Fourth U
S. Cavalry Are Ready
to Go to War.
Important Session of the Artil
lery Board of Fire
Control.
VIGILANCE AT PRESIDIO.
Delivery of Torpedo and Mine Ma
terial for Use in This
Harbor.
Angel Island, as a military sta
tion, may be left without a garrison
for a short time. It was ascertained
late last night that General Merriam,
commanding the Department of Cali
fornia, had issued or was about to
promulgate orders directing Battery
G, Third Artillery, comprising the
garrison at the isiand, to proceed to
the Presidio next Monday. The order
also directs that Colonel M. P. Miller,
Third Artillery, the headquarters and
band shall go to the Presidio. Exe
cution of the foregoing order will
lead to the appointment of Colonel
Miller as commander of the post at
the Presidio.
It is believed that Lieutenant Col
onel Morris and his four troops of
the Fourth Cavalry will soon be or
dered to the front.
Kegular army officers believe that
volunteer regiments -will be assigned
to duty at posts in this harbor. The
artillerymen have all that they can
do in caring for the modern guns.
Troops of some kind are needed for
garrison duty.
Troopers of th<* Fourth United States
Cavalry, stationed at the Presidio, are
confident that orders will soon arrive
directing the regiment to proceed to
Chattanooga. Troopa B, C, I and K.
comprising the squadron stationed here, ;
are in readiness to move at an hour's .
not ire. The men are anxious to join •
their comrades now going to the front.
To-morrow morning General H«-:iry
WAR PAINT FOR THE MONITORS.
STRIPPED of her brilliant coat of
white and disguised under a dull
lead color, almost a black, the
Monterey is as -wicked a looking
craft as has ever been in the har
bor. She was never much of a mark
to shoot at, but the new dress the Gov
ernment has given her so confuses her
DUtllne that she could hide in a sum
mer mist within a mile of her prey
and none but the mist would be the
■wiser.
She is darker now than she will be.
It is the Intention of the Government
to give her another coat a little lighter
than the one Bhe has just taken on,
and then she will be even more hard
■ to find
■ Th-v formula for her paint was sent
! out by the Government, and on its re
ceipt the paint was mixed and the men
set to work. It took but a short time
t" cover her glistening Bidea and tur
rets, and now all upon her that shines
axe the barrels <<f her grreat look
ing nut thraugh the turret porta For
the occasion every man was made a
AdieQ, darling! Time flies fast; sails
an- se.t, boats are ready. Farewell!
Matter and mind are mysterious.
C. Meniam, commanding the Depart
ment of California, will visit the forti
fications in San Francisco harbor. The
trip to Angel and Alcatraz Islands will
be made in the Government steamer
McDowell.
The general will be accompanied by
Major Thomas H. Barry, adjutant gen
eral Department of the Columbia, and
Major Edward Field, acting adjutant
general, Department of California.
Colonel Marcus P. Miller, Third Ar
lery, will join at Angel Island and Cap
tain Sedgwiek Pratt, Third Artillei-y,
will join at Fort Mason, whence the
party will proceed to the Presidio,
where the boat will be met by Lieuten
ant Colonel Louis T. Morris, Fourth
Cavalry, at the Presidio wharf.
General Merriam and his party will
be driven in carriages to Fort Point,
where the 10-inch, 15-inch and 8-inch
muzzle-loading suns; the 10-inch and
12-inch breech-loading guns, and the
.three pneumatic dynamite guns will be
inspected for the first time by the new
department commander.
X" military display or review will be
made by the troops stationed at the
posts in honor of General Merriara'd
visit and the prescribed salute of thir
teen guns will not be fired.
Before his return to Vancouver Bar
racks, Washington, ■which will be in a
few days, General Merriam desires to
familiarize himself with the defenses of
the Golden Gate. Major Barry will re
turn with him to the Department of the
Oi'.umbia,
A board of army officers, to consist of
Major Frank W. Hess, Third Artillery;
Captain William E. Birkhimer, Third
Artillery, and First Lieutenant William
G. Haan of the same regiment, has;
been appointed to convene at Fort
Baker next Tuesday to examine and re
port upon the merits of a device to be
submitted by First Lieutenant Charl?s
W. Foster, Third Artillery, for me
chanically solving the values of zerj in
range tables for 12-inch breech-loadinir
rifles and 15-inch smooth-bore guns.
General D. W. Flagler, chief of ord
nance, V. S. A., has called the attention
of General Nelson A. Miles to .he fact
that in firing seacoa-st guns with brown
powder, particularly in rapid firing,
there is danger of the cartridge being
ignited from ihe heat of the residue in
the gun unless the chamber is thor
oughly sponged out with a wet sponge
before reloading. He recommends that
in continuous firing with aeacoast guns
using brown prismatic powder the pow
der chamber must be thoroughly wiped
out with a wet sponge before reload
ing-.
Colonel Marcus P. Miller, Major Ed
ward Field, Captain Sedgwick Pratt
and First Lieutenant Eugene T. Wil
son, the board of army officers appoint
ed to formulate a fire-control system
for the artillery stations in San Fran
cisco harbor, have been in session at
department headquarters for the past
few days. It is understood that the
torpedo and submarine mine material
contracted for is being delivered, and
that the engineer department will
shortly have the harbor and coast de
fenses in excellent condition.
Yesterday General Merriam ascer
tained the quantity of clothing in the
depot quartermaster's stores. He re
marked after the inspection that the
supply on hand was sufficient to pro
vide good uniforms for 1009 men. The
general has not been advised whether
the volunteers to be called for will re
ceive their clothing from their respec
tive States or from the United States.
Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace F. Ran
dolph, Third Artillery, who was recent
ly directed to proceed to Chickamauga
Park, left the Presidio yesterday for
his new post of duty.
The suspicious character arrested at
the 10-inch disappearing guns on the
Presidio reservation day before yester
day was held at the guard station un
painter and each division painted that
part of the ship which it is its duty to
m. Everything but the deck itself
hidden under the somber hue, and
as she is now the monitor looks like
the shadow of war itself. She is grim
and determined and the sun on her
Never mind. What is matter? Matter
is— never mind. What is mind? Mind
is—neve* matter.
THE SAN FRAISTCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 23, 1898.
til yesterday morning, when he was re
leased and ordered to leave the post.
He did not give a straight account of
himself. His peculiar and suspicious
conduct justified his arrest. He waited
until the mounted patrol went Into the
thicket and suddenly jumped aver the
fence enclosing the puns and started
for the works. The sentinel, however,
had his eye on him and immediately
pursued and arrested the intruder.
STATE TROOPS.
Animated Scenes at Head
quarters of the National
Guard of California.
Bright and early yesterday morning
Adjutant-General Barrett was on duty
at his temporary headquarters at the
California Hotel. He spent the early
hours of the morning in writing and
dispatching orders, which are sup
posed to have been of an official nature.
Early in the day Colonel Bergen re
ported at headquarters, ready for ser
vice. He remained throughout the day
in constant attendance upon the adju
tant-general.
Captain F. de L. Carrington, U. S.
A., of the First Infantry, arrived at
headquarters shortly after 10 o'clock.
Captain Carrington, who has beer,
on detail duty with the National
Guard, as soon as the relations
between this country and Spain
assumed their present gravity, wired
the adjutant-general of the United
States army asking to be relieved from
duty in order that he might accompany
his regiment East. The request has
been so far ignored, and Captain Car
rington will remain here for the pres
ent.
When the National Guard, under the
volunteer bill, is called upon for its pro
rata of men. Captain Carrington will
doubtless muster them into service.
During the entire day many of the
ex-members of the National Guard
called at headquarters to tender their
services. Members of the Governor's
staff also reported at headquarters.
All official news regarding the move
ments of the National Guard will come
through the adjutant-general's office.
Major-General Dickinson was ordered
yesterday to instruct all subordinate
officers to give out no news to the
press. This precaution is taken to pre
vent conflicting reports from being cir
culated.
The arrival of Governor Budd at
headquarters was the signal for in
creased excitement and activity among
the officers. His Excellency, as soon as
he had held a consultation, sent the
following very important telegram to
Washington:
April 22. IS9S.
To Hon. Stephen M. White. Senate
Chamber. Washington, I>. C: Under the
present condition of affairs it is a matter
Of great importance that cable be prompt
ly laid from San Francisco to Farallon
Islands. Urge action immediately.
JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
The wisdom of this precaution upon
the part of the Governor is very ap
parent. The Farallones are the best
point (*t vantage as an outpost upon
the coast.
The Governor was highly pleased over
the proviso In section 4 of the army
volunteer bill as passed by Congress
providing that existing organizations
of the State militia may at their discre
tion be turned into service for a term
of one year.
This inserted proviso was the result
of Governor Budd's telegram to Sena
tor White requesting that the National
Guard as an organization should be
given first opportunity to volunteer in
all cases. Senator White was requested
gruns makes them look like flashes of
fire in a < I m>>k». It is the final
preparation before she actually faces
an enemy; there is only the taking
down of the stanchions along her sides
and the stripping off the woodwork;
the dropping of her boats into the
The fac-simile /-& //0/r 'Tr"** "on every; wrapper
aignature of (Jl^/Z7<&&&& of CASTOEIA.
to notify the President and other mem
bers of the California delegation of
Governor Budd's wishes. This was evi
dently successfully done as is testiiied
by the framing of the bill.
Colonel James F. Smith, commanding
the First Infantry, reported at head
quarters about 3 o'clock in the after
noon. He stated that the First was in
excellent shape and was ready to 50
to the front.
Among the Governor's staff who were
at headquarters during the afternoon
were Lieutenant Colonels Bush, San
born, Howell and Young, and in addi
tion to these Lieutenant Colonel Geary,
retired, and Major Harney, ex-assistant
adjutant general and present Harbor
Commissioner, also called upon th'± ad- |
lutar.t general to see if their services j
might be needed.
The Governor was closeted through
out the afternoon with many of the
officers who called, but these confer
ences were entirely private.
'FIRST INFANTRY,
PASS IN REVIEW."
Mimic Warfare for Two
Hours at Mechanics'
Pavilion.
It was mimic war at the Pavilion for
two hours last evening, for the First
Infantry, N. G. C, was giving a drill
for the benefit of its new ride range,
or, if it be called out, to help equip the
men.
The First was there will full ranks
and nearly nine hundred strong; the
signal corps, the cavalry troop, the
sanitary corps and two guns from the
Naval Militia. To stirring music the
column moved past the reviewing
stand, where Governor Budd, Major-
General Dickinson and Brigadier-Gen
eral "YVarfield were seated in front. On
the reviewing stand were also the
staffs of the Governor, the division, the
brigade, several of the officers of the
Naval Militia and Colonel Sullivan of
the League of the Cross and his staff
and line officers.
The First was dressed in campaign
uniform, with canteens and haversacks.
The signal corps was similarly dressed.
The cavalry was in full dress and the
boys of the Naval Militia were in white
suits and leggins.
Following the review there was a
guard mount by a squad from Com
: pany F, under Captain John F. Mil
' ler, and then came a gun drill by the
Naval Militia, Lieutenant Dennis in
command of the platoon and Sub-Ldeu
tenant Emanueland Ensign Kammerrer
j in command of the guns. During thedrlll
the signal corps established a station
i at each end of the hall and sent torch
! signals back and forth with a dexterity
! born o-f long praeti<f. Following that
was a physical exercise drill by Com
i pany X, Captain Cunningham com
1 manding, and then came the feature of
the evening, the building of a bridge
I by Company B, Captain Filmer, an at
! tack upon Company I, Captain Hichter,
j and its defense by Company M, Oap
. tain O'Xeil, while the sanitary under
| Major McCarthy took care of the
j wounded.
The building of the bridge was the
most interesting thing, from a military
standpoint, that the guard has done in
this city for a long time. It was built
across a stretch of canvas representing
a river over twenty feet wide. A squad
of sixteen men formed on each skl«
of the river, and stripping themselves
to the shirt the men went at it. First
the truss was put together, two up
rights with a cross piece bound across
the top; then four piers, one at each
water and the loading of those long
polished guns; then she is ready.
The Monadnock has been treated to
a coat of the same dark color and has
Bailed for Port Angeles. She slipped
out through the straits yesterday al
most unobserved, for in the haze that
was hanging over the north basin she
looked like a moving cloud, and not a
very distinct one either. Like the Mon
terey she is black from her water line
to the top of her military mast.
The painting of the monitors has not
been the only preparation in the naval
arm of defense. The keepers at Alca-
traz Island, Lime Point, Fort Point, I
Point Bonlta and out on tho lightship
on the bar have all been ordered to be
in readiness to put out their lights or i
still the fog -whistles whenever the
Signal is given. This will leave the
harbor without any aids to navigation
at night and it will take a good piiot
to bring a ship in without them.
The lighthouse tender Madrone, Cap
tain D. Davis, and the United States |
quarantine steamer George Sternberg.
Captain John Macfar'.and, have been I
added to the mosquito fleet and all of
their men have been sworn in in the
service of the United States.
corner, to lay the floor of the bridge
upon. These were formed of three
timbers bound together at the top to
form a tripod, and then stayed with
cross pieces at the bottom. Then the
two trusses were raised and the ends
allowed to interlock over the middle of
the mimic river and then a cross tim
ber was placed between the two piers j
and the stringers of the bridge were !
laid on that. In the meantime two
men had climbed to the top of the
truss, and after placing another cros>
piece in the crotch of the truss they
hung two loops down to the stringers
and putting cross pieces above and be
low the stringers and through the
loops, they twisted the loops with a.
bar until the truss and the stringers
were firm, as if grown together. Then
a constant stream of men from each
side and each with a board laid the
floor, and then the two squads got in
the middle of the completed structurt
and danced until there was no doubt 01
its strength. The whole thing had not
occupied more than fifteen minutes.
While the bridge was being com
pleted the attacking force opened fire
and then the defenders came up and
for a while the Pavilion was full of
smoko and noise and tongues of flam 6.
Then the troops were drawn back, and
to the merry strains of the band the
entire regiment marched across the
bridge in triumph. It was a gooa
practical piece of work and an excellent
drill.
After the passing of the regiment
the boys got at their bridge agnin ami
in half the time it took to put it up
they had it down and stowed away all
along the sides of the hall. Then the
floor was cleared for dancing and th«
audience enjoyed itself for two hours
more.
The drills were all well applauded
and the martial spirit was rife. Each
particular company had its friends who
looked out that it did not lack appre
ciation, but when the flag came by it
was everybody's and the cheers shook
the roof.
A new rifle range has been a sore
need for the regiment, and it was
hoped that the entertainment would
bring it within reach, but if the regi
ment is called out the rifle range will
have to wait for a while longer, an<l
the money the people so gladly palo
for their tickets will be used to put
the men in the best of trim for more
serious business than target practice.
FOR THE WAR.
Forming a Regiment of
Volunteer Fire-
men.
Con Mooney, an old veteran of the
Volunteer Fire Department, has got
the war fever and got it bad. For some
time past, or perhaps even since the
war scare originated, he has been
working ardently among his friend 3nt
the Volunteers to fire their hearts with
some of his own true patriotism.
Mr. Mooney proposes to raise a regi
ment wholly from the ranKs of local
Volunteer firemen who are willing to
offer their services to Uncle Sam in the
field.
Read in next Sunday's Call what j
President Patton of Princeton Uni
versity has to say a'xiut this being
an age of second-rate men.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEGAINED HEALTH.
Gratifying Letters to Mrs. Pink-
ham From Happy Women.
"I Owe You My Ufe."
Mrs. E. Woolhiser,
Mills, Neb., writes:
•' Dear Mns. Phtkham : — I owe my
life to your Vegetable Compound. The
doctors said I had consumption and
nothing could be done for me. My
menstruation had stopped and they
said my blood was turning to water. I i
had several doctors. They all said I
could not live. I began the use of Lydia
E. I'inkham's Vegetable Compound, j
and it helped me rig-ht away; menses
returned and I havo gained in weight.
I have better health than I have had for
years. It is wonderful what your Com-
pound has done forme."
"I Feel Like a New Person."
Mrs. Geo. Leach,
IGO9 Belle St., Alton, 111. . writes: \
" Before I began to take your Vege-
table Compound I was a great sufferer
from womb troubie. Menses would ap-
pear two and tfcree times in a month,
causing me to be so weak I could not
stand. I could neither sleep nor eat, and
looked so badly my friends hardly
knew me.
" I took doctor's medicine but did not
derive much benetit from it. My drug-
gist gave me one of your little books,
and after reading it I decided to try
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. I feel like a new person. I
would not give your Compound for all
the doctors' medicine in the world. I
can not praise it enough."
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a poWUfu! aj.lirodisiae and specific tonic
lor the r-fxu.il and urinary organs of both
sexp". ami ji grrat remedy for diseases of the
kidr iyg and bladder, A ffreat Restorative.
Invljcnrator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merita; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
.VAHKIt, AI.FH & BRU.VE, Agents,
I 323 Market Street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
___' THE EMPOBIUM. \ .j ; THE EMPORIUM.
%**¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ *fX
v~ ' $WP- ■"■■ #i"-Vi *X
I The Plain Facts About the ♦
I Men's Suits That Are Now I
I On Special Sale at $12.75. !
* There were just 600 in the — an assortment —
X ten or a dozen suits of a !^ P *
* kind— made of all-wool eyko*) *^ *
* cheviots, tweeds and wor- ><v*f« f* c 7 ♦
* steds — best quality Italian /\^\ yr~fftv"^x *
* cloth linings — hand-made /s] |\ A \FiL^^ *
X buttonholes — silk sewed h^/f -l/j? IK\ *
X collars, put on by hand — \\ 1 \a^&\ jl 1 |
X they are cut in the sack /O> ///p^|=3 \j *
X style— 3 or 4 buttons— the (jjlp^Mj (~jf l\y *
J most convenient and com- fflL^ylf/ii Jfk \ ?
* fortable shape for busi- '|f ///|//// f/ \ . *
* ness — the styles are the / //// l/ f/l /. V v, J
J new ones for summer — a /// / || f||jh ; | |) *
* merchant tailor could not /////. ill ' *
» turn you out as good a I// I { *
* suit for less than $25. // § \ ♦
i ♦ They were actually made f/l *^ *
* to sell at $13.50, $15.00 UJ J^e> ♦
IS and $16.00. nj «
I J This is a carefully considered, truthful description *
* of the suits — no inflation of value, and money will be $
* refunded without question if when you take them home ♦
X you or your friends are in any way dis- tLtJ *
X satisfied with them. Your choice for vj>l^« / *
* Delornw's Sunlight Painting, "Interieur de Ferme,"' *
* still on view in Art Room — Free. *
I * Grand Patriotic Concert To-Nigh by The Emporium ♦
* Orchestra. *
rft> ; , V
» 4
I The Emporium |
! and Golden Rufe Bazaar!
6 OeilS x*? l %Ja \s i i aiislv BIOiIOiBB «>
/ft 4>
i AAAA AAAA AA A AAAAAA AA jILJiJLjf.JLj*-^-JL^-^ -*^ .* .* jjtjjtli
i; SUPPLIES
i p « KLONDIKE
r should Include
BORDEN'S |
Peerless Brand
EVAPORATED CREAM
,• UNSWEETENED
| The high reputation for keeping
.1 qnlity is already -well estab-
'l hshe ; hence, no experiment.
} NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
THE SMITH PREMiER I
TYPEWRITER,
r^SSJv Used Everywhere.
sg|gg|a- All Makes Rented. |
|jsj||||^ Send for Catalogue
and Prices.
L & M. ALEXANDER & CO.,
110 Montgomery St., S. F.
' 111 1
11-taxes-M
The second installment of real 'estate taxes
will be delinquent April 25, at 6 p. m., after
which 6 per cent will be added.
The office will be open from 7 to 9 p. m. on
April 22. . :,Y "
SATURDAY. April 16, positively last day for i
receiving cheeks. JAMES N. BLOCK.
Tax Collector.
San Francisco, April 14, IS9S.
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
jI LI. nervous instates— Failing Mem-
ory, Ira potency. Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abuse or other Eiceeses and Indis- (
cretions, • Tlxry quieklu and surely
restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and |
fit a man for study, business or marriage.
J-Frevfint Insanity and Consumption if
me. Their hue nhOTsimmcdiaiej improve-
ment and effects a CUBE whore all other fail In- i
list upon having tho p?iiuino Ajai Tnhlots. They
heve cured thousands ami will cure yon. We elve pos-
itive written guarantee to oScct a euro CA a* V$J in
each case or refund tho mono?. Price Ww Mlwi par
package; or six pkgos (fall treatment! for {3.60. By
mail, In plain wrapper. npon receipt of price. Circular
free -AJAX REMEDYCO., Chicago, II!. 5
For *a.le in San Francisco by I>oipr:itz & Co.,
236 Slitter. No- Percentage Pharmacy, 949 Mkt.
Kf^S Chtch eater's English Diamond Brand.
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
|f /-^»^i v Original and Only Genuine. JS
£fh iM^M Drajg'lst for T «Meft«i(er* Sn££?DiajKr&
fa*SlJß^j«jKJ\ni<m<i Brand in Ko'd »n5 Gold mct»llie\v3' '
T-v — »T>K«2b«ies. scaled wf.u bine ribbon. Take vSf '
T^ sjMno other. Rrfuit dangerous nlititu- "
I* / ~ ' fjf fions and imitations. At Druggists, or seed 4*>
I W JM in iimpi far pirtlcnliri. tmtmoaUli and
V X!* 19 "Itellcf for l.ai'.tr*." in tetter, Lr rrVara
—\ If MalL 10.000 TmtimonUli. Kane Paper. ■
■old by all Local D-usti3a. PHIL.VDA., IS
T'MISi -.VRf.L KNOV.'X AND Ri:LIABI.E OHi
•>->l><>T-inliM.cin-e«• > ->l><>T-inliM.cin-e« l'rlvate. Nervous. and Skin
Diseases ol Men only, Manly l'on or restored. Over I
20 yparn' experience. Bend for Book, free, fwtlents'
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 toa
dally toS.SOcVKs. hjr.days, lOtoli Consult*- i
lioulrecand sjicri-diycoufideniia. 1 . Call or address i
1». ROSCOE McKVi.Tr, *1. D..
23& K«a>;iv Ktrool. San n Hlllll««« •'•I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAnNY * AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. . European plan. Rooms 50c to $150 day,
$5 to tS week, $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; 'fire grates in every
room; elevator runs all night. '
REFEREE'S SALE IN PARTITION.
| In the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, De-
partment No. 1.
THOMAS F. DUNN, Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
RENCE DUNN et als.. Defendants. Causa
No. 117.
Notice is hereby given that under anfi in pur-
suance of the interlocutory decree in partition
and order of sale heretofore duly made and
given In the above-entitled court and cause,
and thereafter, to-wit, on the 6th day of April,
1838, duly entered of record therein, by which
said Interlocutory decree of said court, the
undersigned, G. H. Umbsen, was appointed by
consent in open court of all the parties. to said
action, as sole referee for the purpose of mak-
ing sale of the real property hereinafter de-
scribed, and by which said decree it was
directed that said real property be sold at pub-
lice auction in the manner required by law,
the undersigned, as such referee, will, on Mon-
day, the 9th day of May, 1898, at the hour of
twelve (12) o'clock m., at the real estate office
and salesrooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co., at No.
14 Montgomery street, in the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California, sell at
public auction in separate parcels to the high-
est bidder fur cash in United States gold coin,
and subject to confirmation by said Superior
Court, those certain lots, pieces or parcels of
real property situate, lying and being In said
\ City and County of San Francisco, State of
California, and bounded and described as fol-
lows, to-wit:
First— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna streets,
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
ing on Minna street twenty-five (25) feet,
thence at right angles northwesterly eighty (80)
feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-live (25) feet, thence at right angle 3
southeasterly eighty (80) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion of
lot number ten of the One Hundred- Vara Sur-
vey, as laid down on the official map of the
City and County of San Francisco, and being
a subdivision of said one hundred-vara lot.
Commencing at a point formed by
the intersection of the southerly line of Page
street with the westerly line of Octavia street,
running thence southerly along said line of
Octavia street forty (40) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelfths
(S7 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
eighty-seven and six-twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement, being a part of
Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (212).
Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen (217) feet south-
westerly from the northwesterly corner of
Second and Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement being tHe northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thence northerly at right angles • with Minna
3treet and along the easterly line of New
Montgomery street eighty 1 1 ) feet, thence
at right angles easterly and parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths (59 6-12)
feet, thence at right angles southerly and
parallel with New Montgomery street eighty
(SO) feet to th» northwesterly line of Minna
street, and thence at right angles westerly
along the northwesterly line of Minna street
fifty-nine and six-twelfths (59 6-12) feet to tha
point of commencement, being a subdivision of
the one hundred-vara lot number eight (8).
Fourth— Commencing at the northwest cor-
ner of Sanchez and Duncan streets, running
thence westerly nlong the northerly line of
Duncan street eighty (SO) feet, thence north-
erly and parallel with Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen feet (114) feet, thence east-
erly parallel with Duncan street eighty (SO)
feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly along
the westerly line of Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen (114) feet to Duncan.
street, the point of commencement, together
with the improvements thereon. : BBSS
Terms and conditions of sale: . Ten (10) per
cent of the purchase price to be paid to the
referee on each parcel sold at the time of
sale. Balance of purchase price upon con-
firmation of sale and delivery of deed.
Dated this 7th day of April. 189 S.
G. H. UMBSEN.
Sole Referee Appointed by Said Superior Court.
DINKELSPEIL & GESFORD.
Attorneys for Plaintiff. No. 805 Claus SpreckeU
Building. San Francisco.
REGISTRATION^ VOTERS.
REGISTRATION FOR THE SPECIAI.
election to be held Thursday. May 28,
1898 (submitting the new charter to a vote of
the qualified electors), will commence at tha
office ox' the Registrar of Voters, in "The City
Hall." on April 26, IS9B, and continue thenc*
till May 10, inclusive. -
The following persons are entitled to reg-
ister:
First— persons not registered at the last
general or special election, but who are en-
titled thereto.
Second — All persons who were registered, but
by moving out of their "Special Election Pre-
cinct" or otherwise have lost their right to
vote.
Third — All native male citizens not registered
and all male naturalized citizens (not ■ regis-
tered) who have become such prior to Febru-
ary 26. ISOS, and are otherwise qualified accord-
ing to law.
All qualified electors who were registered at
the Vast genera! or special election, and who
ill have continued to reside within their re-
spective "Special Election Precincts"; shall
be entitled to vote without additional regis-
tration.
Office open from 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
By order of the Hoard of Election Commis-
sioners. • W. J. BIGGT,
Registrar of Voters.
1 A PERMANENT CURE I
■ $ of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
i* aDd Gleet, jjnsrantrcd in from 3' to 6 I, •
I c days; no other treatment rcqnlfed. • ■$ .
' § f?old by all dniEsis't?. ■ 5
The pur» essential extract from tho native dnur. ! Co»
tain* nil the valuablo medicinal properties or Opium'
without <ts noxious elements. No sickness cf stomnrbi
no Tomlt.ng mo eogtlvenegj , no headache. AU Drugir
56
SATURDAY. . . .. APRIL 23, 1898
JOHN D. bPrttCKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 18CS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) IS
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weeK- By mall $6 per year; per month;
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Buildtnft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising, Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rififce House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KHOGMESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery s'.reet. corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 887 Hayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clocK 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lar^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK
»94l Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK. 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 258
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clocK- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clocK- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clocK-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "A Stranger In New York.;
Columbia— "Delmonlco'a at t> "
California— ltalian up >ra>
Alc.nzar— "The Strange Adventures of Miss Brown "
Worosoo'p— "The Diamond Breaker."
IlroM— "Stnbad the Sailor."
Orpbeum— Vaudeville.
Bueh-straet Theater— "7-9M," Saturday matinee. Benefit of
the Uarla Kip Orphanage.
V. M. C A. ttaU— "The Passion Play."
Sherman, Clay Hall— Paioma Sehramm, Tuesday, April 26.
Native Son« Hall, Mason street— Lecture. To-morrow night.
The Chutee— Zoo, Vaudeville. Wallace, "Untamable Lion.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy bireets. Specialties.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
BlCampo- Music, dancing r>oatlnsr. fishing, every Sunday,
Coursing— lngle&ide Coursing Park.
Pacific Coast Jockey Cluo, Ingleside— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By N. E. Clark— This day, April 23, Turkish Rugs, at 106
Grant avenue at I o'clock.
By K. 8 Spear Jt Co.-Thls day, April 23. Furniture, at 81 Sut-
ler street, at 10 o'clock.
By Yon Bheln & Co.— Thursday. April 28, Real Estate, at 636
Markft street, at 12 o'clock.
STATUS OF THE GAS BONKS.
THE admission of Mr. Barrett, cashier of the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company, that
his concern has no right to demand a deposit
as a condition of furnishing meters to consumers
ought to do the soul of the corporation good — if it
h.'vc any such thing as a soul. Both it and its
twin, the Pacific Gas Improvement Company, as
well as their predecessors, the San Francisco Gas
Light and Central Gas companies, have lor years
been demanding deposits before they would supply
meters. The two former are supposed even now to
have as deposits many thousands of dollars obtained
from consumers upon which no interest is paid.
Cashier Barrett, who, according to the report of
his testimony in the suit brought by Henry James
to recover a $5 deposit, appears to be a good-natured
and accommodating gentleman, frankly told Justice
Barry that his company did not claim the right to
exact deposits for meters. When a man applied for
gas, he said, he got a deposit out of him if possible
"as a matter ot business." This, we presume, is ac
complished by telling him that he cannot get a
meter unless he pays the money. After the deposit
is made it is called a "voluntary contribution" to the
capital of the gas company, a contribution which
each consumer generously makes as a guarantee that
he will pay his bill.
Mr. Barrett was, however, kind enough to tell the
court how to avoid making these voluntary contri
butions. He said that all a consumer need do when
he applies for gas is to serve the company with a
written demand for a meter, whereupon, in accord
ance with section 629 of the Civil Code, it will sup
ply r meter at once. He suggested that possibly the
corporation might bluff a little even after this de
mand had been served, but it the consumer had suffi
cient sense to stick to his position he said it would
finally, like Colonel Crockett's coon, come down.
Now that gas meter deposits have been placed
upon a "voluntary contribution" basis, it will no
longer be necessary for gas consumers to make them
unless their benevolence and generosity impel;, them
to do so. Persons who have already "voluntarily"
contributed to the capital of the two gas companies
may obtain their deposits by applying for their
money. If its return is refused they need not bring
Bttit, as was done by Mr. James, but they should pay
their bill and order out the meter. As soon as that
elusive instrument is out they can have it replaced
simply by serving a written notice on the company.
Of course this will not be necessary. The moment
Cashier Barrett anTl his fellow diplomat of the Pa
cific Company see that their voluntary contributor
knows the law, they will relinquish the "voluntary
contribution" in their hands. Thus Mr. James' suit
has settled a great question of gas economy. Gas
consumers may abolish the carbon monoxide banks
at any time by simply withdrawing their deposits.
There is one thing upon which America can de
pend, and upon which Spain cannot. This is the in
tegrity of naval and military officers. Weyler stole
himself rich long ago, and richer in, Cuba. The
limited quantity of supplies in the island now proves
that the successors of the Weyler bandits are either
corrupt or that they have no idea of how to prepare
for war.
If the Oregon is in such peril as some people seem
to think because of the presence of a hostile torpedo
boat in South American waters, the modern battle
ship must be a rather serious joke. Let it still be
hoped that the torpedo boat is also exposed to a
degree of peril while in the vicinity of the Oregon.
It is a matter for congratulation that there has
been no sign of hostility manifested toward Spanish
residents of this city, and that there is no danger
that such feeling will be shown. San Francisco adds
to its strong patriotism the advantage of being civil
ized.
President Patton of Princeton has written some
thing about the "pigmy poets" of the present. Doubt
less it is interesting stuff. But has not Mr. Patton
taken a rather mean advantage of the absence of
Joaquin Miller? «
There is a growing belief that Chief Lees occa
sionally gets his own identity. mixed with that of > the
Czar.
The conclusion cannot be avoided tha 1 the Spanish
had a little diplomatic fun with Minister Woodford.
Doubtless there are members of the Cabinet who
would be less missed just now than Roosevelt.
fTTTENTION! FORWARD, MARCH!
TENACITY and courage are the often proved
characteristics of Americans. In three foreign
wars of magnitude our arms have been vic
torious. Xo other people have made such a record
of military success or shown greater self-denial and
sacrifice. Americans are bred and trained in per
sonal independence. During the Civil War it hap
pened time and again in action that when all the
commissioned officers of a formation had fallen a
private would spring from the ranks and give the
order for another charge.
Walking in the ways of peace for a generation, our
people suddenly put on war harness, and, when iheir
fighting blood is up, tactics occur to them spon
taneously and they subject themselves to military
discipline and acquire the art of war. so that they
seem to be seasoned soldiers before their faces are
bronzed by marches and battles.
The military enterprise at whose beginning the
country stands, sternly at "attention," is of such a
nature as to make it prospectively the greatest in his
tory, as its purpose is the most unselfish. Refusing
to acquire territory by conquest or to recoup our
selves by any reprisal whatsoever, we are entering a
struggle to vindicate the principle that when a na
tion ceases to govern well it shall cease to govern at
all, and shall withdraw its flag, fleets, forces and
jurisdiction, and leave the people to form their own
government, with freedom to enjoy man's inalienable
right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
Our fleets are on the sea and the land thunders to
the tread of our armies, to enforce in the world an
enlarged view of the rights and responsibilities of
nations. If we win, as we. will, we will have written
into history something that will never die. The
principle that government, whether it derive its just
power from the consent of the governed or not,
must found it at least in the happiness of its people
will have been established, and along with it the right
of a strong people, governing themselves, to strike
down a flag that represents the misgovernment of
others, without absorbing them itself.
This is the first purely altruistic military enterprise
the world has seen. We are not going to the help of
a people who can help us, or whose help we will ever
need. We are not raising up an ally against a future
in which our own strength will need supplementing.
We don't want an inch of territory nor a dollar of
indemnity. Our high purpose is to emancipate man
from evil government. We do not even say he shall
be clothed with our right of self-government, but
that, under whatever form, he is entitled to good
government.
This stupendous enterprise has the solid backing
of our people, as the providential mission of this
republic. What prophet standing by our cradle six
score and two years ago would have dared foretell
what now is? Out of the stubborn courage and
silent suffering of our Revolutionary sires has come
this evolution of the right to compel justice among
the nations, but how vast the change from that time
when
"In their ragged regimentals
Stood the old Continentals,
Yielding not,"
to this, when out of their steadfast tracks rise ten
millions of fighting men to vindicate the right of
man to good government!
Compelling forces which none can resist have out
lined the cause in which we take up arms. Our re
sources are vast, but the struggle may consume them.
If so, the sacrifice will not be in vain, for we can
not fail. In our failure would be the retrogression
of government in every land on earth. While our
columns march to rendezvous and our fleets walk the
waters in this high cause men bend to their tasks
under the banners of the nations in every zone. Pre
scriptive right claims the fruit of their toil. For ter
ritorial aggrandizement or dynastic expansion they
are played as pawns in the gory game of war, and if
their bones are not left to bleach unhonored they
may go to their huts and turn their faces to the
ground again, with no profit in conquest and no view
of the glories they have created.
The crusades were undertaken to recapture for the
Christian world the custody of the holy sepulcher.
This enterprise of ours is to gain for man the right
to himself. The republic salutes its high mission
and ten millions of men drop plow and plane, look
to the flag and follow where it leads.
EVILS OF RACING.
THERE are circumstances under which horse
racing may be beneficial. It stimulates the
breeding of good horses, it affords an outing
where the fresh air is healthful, and from it there
comes to the occasional spectator a thrill of inno
cent pleasure, as the fleet runners strive to win. The
blood is stirred as it must have been of old when the
Roman charioteers lashed their steeds along the
arena. The climate of California is naturally adapted
to the production of the fast horse. Here he thrives,
the very atmosphere being congenial to his best de
velopment. About this there would be nothing to
regret, indeed it would be a commercial advantage,
if racing could have been followed to a reasonable
extent, and not permitted to degenerate, as it has
done, into a prolonged and desperate gambling
game.
Racing as carried on here is a most potent influence
for. corruption. Inspiring men with a futile hope of
gain, it has led them to dishonesty, to moral death,
to self-destruction. It has caused them to bet money
they could not afford to lose, has driven them to
steal the money to bet. It has caused them to neglect
their duty to family and employer. It has dragged
honored names in the dust of shame. Love of racing
for the sake of the chance it gives the gambling in
stinct is a disease. Its victims are enmeshed by
bonds as strong as tie the opium fiend to his drug.
The remedy is to limit the racing; remove the temp
tation which has degraded a noble' sport and made
men criminals. The local races, so far as their value
as speed contests are concerned, are fraudulent. They
are nothing but excuses for the gambler.
If one could observe the set, eager faces of the
race-goers, their jubilation at the rare winning, their
despair when luck goes against them, he could
readily understand these statements to be mild.
Perhaps the records of. the courts will tend to
strengthen the contention. Figel habitually played
the races. Now he is out on bonds with many
charges hanging over him. Welburn played the
races. He is an exile, a reward offered for his cap
ture. His cashier played the races. He rests in a
suicide's grave. Widber played the races. He is
in jail, known as a vulgar thief. Yet he never saw the
races. He simply wagered money on them, first
stealing the money. It may be said these are ex
treme cases. Tbey are fair examples. Every day
some collector, some clerk, some petty cashier, goes
wrong; always the races are given as the reason.
Closing poolrooms will not check the mischief.
There has grown up a custom among employes »f a
large firm, for instance, of giving their money to a
TTr^ SAN FItAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 23, 1898.
commissioner, who is sent to the track. Employers,
with good cause, are growing distrustful.
There is another phase of the evil even more dis
tressing. It is the woman gambler. Women
when once they catch the craze are worse than men,
more reckless. And many times they, too, spend
money to which they have no right. More than one
family has been severed because of this weakness on
the part of the wife. More than one family is now
near disgrace because the mania for gaming has
seized the wife and she is giving to the bookmaker
funds which ought to go to household expenses.
These are the reasons why racing should be
checked. It is a chronic temptation. . Under the
present system it must be a detriment to public
morals, debasing, yet exercising a sort of fascination.
A little of it might do no harm: an unrestricted
quantity of it has been proved distinctly harmful,
baleful, demoralizing.
TREASURER WIDBER'S DOWNFALL.
UPON the practical features of the defalcations
of Treasurer Widber there is but one comment
to be made. Either the officials whose duty it is
at intervals to count the money in his hands and
check up his books have been asleep, or they have
been singularly unmindful of their duties and respon
sibilities.
According to all accounts Widber has been going
the pace that kills for over a year. He began by
taking from the Treasury a small sum of money to
make good a deficit which he had created in the
funds of his father's estate. The success which at
tended this operation apparently emboldened him to
make further demands upon the taxpayers. His own
confession shows that he has been stealing exten
sively for months. The testimony of his deputies
and associates shows that during that period his dis
solute habits were well known to habitues of the City
Hall and frequenters of the tenderloin. He has been
known to be a race-track gambler and an associate
of bad characters, both male and female, a heavy in
vestor in real estate, an owner of fast horses, and a
speculator in mines. Yet it has never occurred to
anybody to question his financial standing nor to in
quire into the source from which he has obtained the
money to plunge so desperately.
During the period of which we speak one of his
deputies has turned up a defaulter. This individual
was saved from prosecution by Widber himself, who
made good the amount of his stealings. Notwith
standing all these suspicious circumstances, calcu
lated to put the most careless man upon inquiry, the
fact appears to be that the Mayor, Auditor and Su
perior Judge, upon whom the law imposes the duty
of examining the Treasurer's accounts once a month,
have passed his bags of money as true to label and
have skipped over his accounts as perfect balances.
Nothing quite so remarkable as this has ever oc
curred in municipal history. Tax Collector Austin
stole $250,000, but the money consisted of protested
taxes, which had been on deposit at the local bank
in his own name. Deputy Treasurer Cassebohm
stole $20,000, but he was caught within two or
three months after the money had been abstracted, j
Widber, according to his own confession, has been j
stealing for more than a year.
Section 94 of the consolidation act makes it the
duty of the Mayor, Auditor and County Judge to
examine the books of the Treasurer once a month,
and to "see and count over all the moneys remain
ing in the hands of such Treasurer." It is quite evi
dent that this duty has not been performed. No at
tempt has been made to "see" the money in the
hands of the Treasurer. On the contrary, the
Mayor, 1 Auditor and Judge have accepted
the labels on His money-bags in lieu of the evidence
of their own eyes. It is not difficult, therefore, to
locate the blame for the defalcation. If the surety
bond given by \?idber does not yield a .sufficient
sum to make good his shortage, the officials respon
sible for this gross negligence should be forced to
disgorge. The taxpayers ought not to lose a cent.
Nor, if the law is enforced, can the taxpayers lose,
even should the surety company discover some ex
cuse for refusing to pay. Section 41 17 of the Poli
tical Code says: "Whenever, except in criminal
prosecutions, any special penalty, forfeiture or lia
bility is imposed on any officer for non-performance
or mal-performance of official duty, the liability
therefor attaches to the official bond of such officer,
and to the principal and sureties thereon."
J\A OST gratifying in every respect is the decision
/ \ of the managers of the Free Library to open
* *to the public direct access to upward of
10,000 volumes. The general reader is not always
desirous of some particular book. IIo:ts of people
of literary tastes like to look over volume after
volume before settling down to read or study. In
fact, when looking for some especial subject the
average man and woman does not always know what
work treats it in the way that bests suits the
object engaged upon at the time, and- accordingly
the freedom to wander at will over so large an array
of books and examine them before selecting is a
privilege of no mean value.
The gratification over the decision of the man
agers is increased by the fact that it has been well
deserved by the habitual patrons and beneficiaries of
the library. Experience has shown that the reading
public of the city can be trusted with the books.
Something more than two years ago a test was made
by placing upward of 5000 juvenile books in a posi
tion where children could look over them and make
selections direct from the shelves. During twenty
one months of this time there were circulated 118.000
juvenile books, and of that large number only thirty
six volumes were lost.
Other tests were made in opening the shelves in the
branch libraries to the public, as well as those of the
reference and periodical rooms in the general library,
and here again experience has shown that no loss
follows this privilege granted to the public. The
class of people who make use of the library are evi
dently neither destructive to books nor dishonest, and
fully deserve the larger and freer use of the rich stores
of literature and learning which the riew rnle will
open to them.
Every movement which leads to an enlarged use
of public libraries is not only beneficial, but is a step
in the direction of giving to the people that which
belongs to them. They pay for the support of the
libraries by taxation and have a right to as free use
of them as is compatible with the safekeeping of the
books. It is for that reason The Call has repeatedly
urged the adoption of the traveling library system by
the State library. Books are of no use to the public
when kept inaccessible to the people. The Free Li
brary managers have done well in planning for an
enlarged use of the volume; on its shelves, and the
State library trustees will, we hope, find also some way
to give the public an enlarged use of the books in
that institution.
THE PUBLIC LIBRARY.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
In New York there have long been two
rival camps, the Seidlites and the Dam
roscians. They have been carrying on
war for years while art has been sitting
oft on one side. Lately it began to look
as if Walter Damrosch, having given his
attention to opera management, would
leave a clear field to Seidl to accept the
management of a permanent orchestra.
Seidl died, however, and now Walter
Damrosch has startled his admirers by
declaring that he is going to devote his
entire time to the work of composing
music. He has insisted on resigning
from the active leadership of the Sym
phony Society and the Oratorio Society
and declares that he Intends to retain only
a email interest in the Ellls-Damroseh
operatic venture next season. Thus are
two leaders removed, by one fell swoop
bo to speak, for the Seidlites declare that
FRANK DAMROSCH, WHO MAY WEAR HiS BROTHERS MANTLE.
it was Seidl's death which routed Walter
DamrOßCh. According to thorn. It was
the excitement following the death of the
great Wagnerian conductor that showed
Walter Damrosch where he really stdod.
Not In a single newspaper was his name
suggested as a possible successor to
Seidl, and this so wounded 1 >a.mro?ch's
amour propre, say his enemies, that It
drove him from the New York field. It
is believed that an effort will be made
to put Frank Damrosch into his brother
Walter's shoes, at leasi to the extent of
installing him as conductor of the Sym
phony Society and the Oratorio Society.
Musically speaking. Brother Frank is un
fortunately a much weaker vessel than
Brother Walter.
There is talk of a New York engage
ment for Fannie Francesco, the San
Francisco girl who made a sensation at
Monte Carlo. She is beautiful and has a
Melba voice.
There Is r.o place on earth like Monte.
Carlo for artists who dread adverse crit
icism. The French press is unanimous in
its praise of the singers, players, com
posers, ets., who try their artistic wings
at the concert hall and theater connet ted
with the famous gambling resort. Quite
ordinary warblers "King like the night
ingale" when they gel t.> Monte Curio;
composers, who may perchance be de
spised elsewhere, develop abnormal genius
as soon as they reach the world's biggest
gambling hell; in fact, the Parisian news
papers serin tii keep a special supply of
hysterical expressions of admiration in
order to apply to the musical feats per
formed at Monte Carlo. The secret of it
is that Monte Carlo pays princely sub
sidies to the French press, In order to
keep out everything unpleasant and get
in everything commendatory, and the
French press is not above pocketing the
backfiheesh. On this account fulsome
criticisms that come from Monte Carlo
should be taken with a number of grains
of salt.
A journalist from Warsaw, who re
cently traveled In Scandinavia, tells in
one of his letters to an Italian paper of
having witnessed several national dances
at Skornson, a kind of Bois de Boulogne,
situated in the middle of Stockholm.
"Imagine," says he, "for one of them the
'Cavaileria Rusticana' was the subject of
a pantomime! Turridu— called up there
Humbo — commences by a sentimental
waltz with Santuzza. Then appears Lola
and dances alone. Upon that Turridu
abandons Santuzza to prance up and
down the stage two or three times with
his new mistress. Santuzza, in despair,
'makes signs of the most profound jeal
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
To the Klondike.
L. N. McQuesten, the "Father of Alaska/w rites:
"The ROYAL is the only Baking Powder
that will endure the severe climatic changes
of the Arctic Region. A miner with a can
of bad baking powder is almost helpless in
Alaska. Therefore, we have used nothing
but Royal Baking Powder."
ii—MWMiiiiißiiiMiii. "OVAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
ousy' says the libretto. After the third
round of the stage Turridu takes up with
Santuzza again a.nd Lola in her turn be
gins to supplicate Santuzza gets tired:
Turridu turns again to Lola: at last, after
an expressive pantomime where It is diffi
cult to distinguish between rage and ad
miration, the two rivals beat a dancing
retreat, while Turridu, on his knees, fol
lows their movements with eyes full of
imploring tears."
The Musical Courier is responsible for
the following: The Melba Opera Com
pany, now giving what are satirically
termed operas in the West. Is a mere
makeshift intended as a frame for the cen
tral picture, which, of course. Is Melba.
This great singer is out in the "wild and
woolly" for the purpose of educating the
ignorant American in the operatic art. It
is not so much a question of money as of
education. Sooner or later the Westorn
ers beyond the Mississippi were bound to
learn what "Lucia," "Bohemian Girl "
"Martha," "Rigoletto" and other old
[tallan operas really meant, even if trav
estied, as they must be, when given with
small temporary orchestras, small ill
balanced choruses and surroundings that
give the performance the air of a shoddy
variety show. The artistic protest is sub
dued under the overwhelming- desire,
prompted by foreign love of America, to
educate the dear people who never heard
the old operas.
Massenet, who discovered Sibyl Sander
son, has found a new rara avis. This
time the lady does more than sing; she
delights the eye by her dancing as much
as she dors the ear by her warbling. Her
name is Mile. Mendes, and all Paris is
talking about her. Mile. Menrles was a
member of the corps de ballet at the
Paris Grand Opera, and no one connected
with the theater suspected her of having
a voice. One day Massenet was told by
a mutual friend that the lady could sing,
he heard her and was perfectly delighted
with her clear, rich voice. To give Mile.
Mendea an opportunity of displaying her
dual talent Massenet wrote a new ballet
to his opera "Thais." a work originally
writ tin f,ir Miss Sanderson, and gave
the leading dancer in the ballet a singing
role. "Thais," with its new baJlet, was
produced aa the Baster attraction at the
Grand Opera, and all Paris is talking
about the gifted Mile. Mendes.
Mme. Gemma Belllncioni seems to have
constituted herself the sponsor of Isidore
de Lara's opera, "Molna." After cod
dling the somewhat weird work at Monte
Carlo, and throwing into it all the fire of
her genius, she is about to take it to
the Grand Theater of Triest. Of all pop
ular prima donnas Bellincioni seems the
most willing to give a heping hand to the
aspirations of struggling composers. De
Lara is popular enough as a song writer,
but as an operatic composer he is still
very much in the ranks of the struggling.
The composer of the hour in Paris is
still the young Venezuelan, Reynaldo
Hahn, who wrote the music of "l'lle dv
Rove." One reason for Hahn's standing
with the French critics seems to be that
they can speak of his music as "exot
ique," and in the whole range of adjec
tives there does not appear to be one
that appeals so directly to the French
writer as this word "exotic." To a Par
isian Venezuela is one of the earth's
jumping-off places, so there is a direct
geographical signifieaiton in calling
Hahn's music "exotic."
An incident, rare enough in real life but
pretty frequent in romances, happened
the other day at the Royal Opera of Ber
lin. Fraulein Egli, an excellent slna-er.
was appearing before Emperor William
and a crowded house. At ti»- close of
the first act of the opera news was
brought her of the sudden death of her
father. Without breaking down in any
way, she sang to the end of the perform
ance, and then sank down, prostrnud
with grief. That is what one might call
theatrical heroism.
Albert Carre of the Opera Comique has
ordered an opera in three acts of the
young and brilliant composer of "lAn
Mil" and "La Xuit de Noel," which
aroused 30 much interest in Paris at the
Colonne concerts and the opera concerts.
Carre has also received from the same
composer "La Coupe Enchantee," after
Lafontalne's eh, Plerne
has already written one successful opera,
"Vendee." which was produced last year
at Lyons.
The Court Opera of Wiesbaden has en
gaged William Mertens on the strength
of his singing in the "Flying Dutchman."
He will be a loss to the summer season
of opera at the Tivoli.
W. E. Gladstone is a great lover of
music, and during his present sickness
many weary hours have been whiled
away by the playing of Mile. Janotha.
Fannie Bloomfleld-Zeisler is to make her
jondon debut next, week at one of the
'hilharmonic concerts.
Mr. and Mrs. Henschel have returned
to their home in London, where they have
been cordially welcomed.
OREGON WANTS SOUND MO NEY
"We are in favor of the maintenance of
the present gold standard; we are un
qualifiedly opposed to the free coinage
of silver and to all other schemes look-
Ing to the debasement of the currency
and the repudiation of debt. We believe
that the best money in the world is none
too good to be assured by the Govern
ment to the laborer as the fruit of his
toil and to the farmer as the price of his
crop. We condemn the continued agita
tion for free silver ns calculated to
jeopardize the prosperity of the country
and to shake the confidence of the peo
ple in the maintenance of a wise finan
cial policy. We particularly condemn as
unpatriotic the efforts of the free stiver
agitators to array class against class and
section against section. We declare that
the interests of all classes and of all
sections of our country alike demand a
sound and stable financial system.—Fi
nancial Plank Oregon State Republican
Platform.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
SHARKEY'S BIRTHPLACE-J. S. L.,
City. Thomas Sharkey, the pugilist, was
born in Dundalk, Ireland, November 29,
187 L
A FIVE DOLLAR PIECE— Read.T,
City. No premium is offered foi $5 gold
pit c< a that bear date later than 1534. The
selling price of a $5 piece of 1536 is from
$7 50 to $».
MANUSCRIPT— N. N., City. A person
who sends manuscript to a publishing
house for examination does so at his own
risk. If it is not returned the publishing
house cannot be held responsible.
ITALY AND RUSSlA— Trooper, Pre
sidio, Cal. The army of Italy on a peace
footing is: Men. 515.23&; horses. 68,760;
guns. 1956. That of Russia is: M»-n, 1,743,
244; horses, 176,600, and guns, 2672.
TELEGRAPH OPERATORS— C. A. I?.,
City. There Is no Btate law of California
«>r United States law that exempts tele
graph operators from military service
unless under 18 or over 45 years of age.
DRAW POKER— Poker Player, City.
The law of poker, rule 12, Pays: Players
cannot ask others what is the discard as
to numbtr.s, either before or after the
draw. (.Formerly the rule was that be
fore the draw the question could bo
asked, but not after it.) The dealer must
announce his own discard.
Soft baby cream, loc. Townsend's •
Peanut taffy, best in world. Townsend*
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cal.
glace fruits, 50c lb in fire-etched boxes. *
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042 •
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
If there is no marrying In heaven. It
isn't because the women angels are too
good for it.
Lots of women will act as mean as dirt
to their husbands when they're too ten
der hearted to kill a chicken.
A man can always get a reputation for
being "clever" by making other people
think ho thinks they arc
Anyway, when a man wants to look at
himself he doesn't go up to a jeweler's
window and pretend he is setting his
watch
No man could have any respect for peo
ple's modesty if he could remember when
all the neighbors were invited In to see
him take his first bath.
A woman's sense of humor consists in
snickering when her husband has got up
and dressed under the impression that it
is an hour later than it is.— New York
Press.
, A Slight Cold, if Neglected, oftev at
tacks TllkLcxgs. " Drawn.' Bronchial Troches"
give immediate and effectual relief.
Nothixo contributes more to digrestton than
the use of Dk. Siegert's A.ngostcha Bittihs.
See that you get the genuine. •
A Georgia editor is candid enough to
make this statement: "We would not ac
cept a bribe, and yet we are free to say
we cannot support candidates without
some sort of remuneration, as we have a
large family to support, and space f3
worth money. But please don't offer us
anything to our face; but, if you fpel
grateful for our assistance, just contrive
to lose ten or twenty dollars in our oflVe,
where we can stumble over it accidentally
and thank heaven for it in the silence of
our sanctum. By this means we can over
come our scruples, and keep our con
science as clear as maple syrup." — At
lanta Constitution.GOVERNOR BUDD CALLS FOR ARES CROSS LEAGUE.
EAGER TO BEGIN.
San Francisco Is Anxious to Prove Her
Patriotism.
San Francisco is eager to begin. To Judge from the letters she writes. <.
the messages she sends, the offer of her services she makes in writing and g
verbally, there is nothing she hopes for so ardently as an opportunity to
prove her patriotism.
From clubs, from individuals, from trained nurses, from those whose -
knowledge of the healing art is only the old-fashioned kind, which woman's f
intuition teaches her. from men and women and children come offers of help. ?
"I've a vacation for a month," said a young fellow who has fallen in 8
love with the Red t'r.'ss and would show his devotion to his new sweetheart. ?
"Use me In any way you want. I'll do anything in my power for the next ?
thirty days before i go to work again. It doesn't make any difference to me f
what you set m<> t.> do, as long as I can help."
He meant every word he said, too, for this first day of his vacation was S
occupied as fully aa the days most people call work days.
The spirit in which San Francisco has taken up this work is a beau- *
tlful one. All the cant, all the pretense, all the ennui of the end of the cen- ?
tury has disappeared In the fierce glow that has leaped to life at the sound S
of the war trumpet. It oaS roused the savage in man again. It has tail- ?
millated us a bit to find that civilization Is only skin deep after all. but it ?
has also done that which atones for the disillusion. It has rekindled the old f
lie tire. It has shown that at heart, despite acquired indifference, *.
conventionality ami an Inevitable tendency to lose the glamour oi romance ?
and the perfume of sentiment, we ar > still move.!, and powerfully, by J
principle. We are BUbject, aa we always have been, as we always must be, ?
to that love of country which in peace is represented by a stereotyped form f
of words, and a symbol grown powerless because of use and indifference; S
but which in times like these is transformed by the magic of common ties, f
common Interest ami common Buffering:, till it becomes that great and glori- «
OUS thing which makes history, which causes men to die for their country. •
and women to do more— to give that which is dearer to them than the life ?
men yield up on the altar.
It is this that San Francisco fee'.s Just now. She is thrilling with the f
touch of patriotism, and every loyal, generous, merciful soul whose response f
to the call for help this paper herewith acknowledges is a string tuned to ?
the harmony of a harp with the three hundred thousand strings. f
MIRIAM MICHELSON. ?
■
The Call's movement for the organi
zation of a Banitary commission for
field work is a success. The local Red
Cross is now an established fact, and
details of the organization will be per
1 in a few days. Governor Budd
will appoint the first committee to per
the work at an early date.
Nothing ever suggested to the public
has met with such universal and hearty
sympathy. Clara Barton, the illustrious
founder of the Red Cross in America,
the woman who was cheered by the
learned Swiss and Italian delegates at
Geneva for her intelligent devotion to
the cause of the suffering on battle
. will receive a large army of vol
unteer workers from the Pacific Coast.
Francisco and the State will hon
or their glorious names by the part they
in the organization and work of
the Red Cross for the coming war.
Representative citizens are enlisted in
the movement.
Responses have already been heard
from enough trained nurses to guar
antee a formidable array of expert
talent and the ranks will gTow from
day to day.
More than two hundred nurses have
signified their -willingness to give their
services to the cause of. humanity in
the conflicts that may arise. The or
ganization will be made permanent and
the Golden West will have a substan
tial Red Cross Society for future emer
gencies, whether in peace or war.
The nurses who have already volun
teered their services are mostly gradu
ates of the training schools of the city
—the Children's Hospital, the Waldeck
Sanitarium. St. Luke's and the City and
County Hospital,
Dr. Oscar J. Mayer of the French
Hospital, Dr. W. L. Berry, Dr. John
Gallwey and many other medical men
have signified their willingness to de
vote their time and attention to lectur
ing to and otherwise aid in training
laymen who desire to volunteer in the
Important relief work on the battle
fields and at the base hospitals.
The following well-known citizens,
among others, will be appointed by the
Governor to act on the committee of
organization and to take steps to put
the local Rod Cross Society in good
working order:
Mrs. J.,hn F. Merrill. 1732 Washing
ton street; Mrs. Louis Sloss, 1500 Van
avenue; Mrs. J. G. Clark, 1101
Green Btreet; Mrs. Willard B. Har
rington, HIS Sacramento Street; Rabbi
J. Voorsanger, southwest corner of
and Franklin streets; Rev. Dr.
Foute, rector of Grace Church, 1915
Gouph street; Rev. Father Wyman,
Paulist Fathers, C2B California street:
THE SILVER LINING ON THE SOMBER CLOUD OF WAR.
William G. Barnes. District Attorney;
P. Crowley. 1629 Sacramento street;
Surgeon General Hopkins of the Na
tional Guard California; Dr. John GaTl
wey, 624 Kearny street, N. G. C. sani
tary corps; Dr. Oscar J. Mayer. French
Hospital, X. G. C. sanitary corps; Dr.
W. D. McCarthy, 111 Turk street. X.
G. C. sanitary corps; Dr. G. F. Hansen,
639 Kearny street, X. G. C. sanitary
corps; Rev. Dr. Horatio Stebbms. 1609
Larkin street; Charles L,. Barrington,
! president School Board, Van Xess
avenue and Market street; William Al
vord, Hibernia Bank, Jones and Mar
ket streets; R. J. Tobin, Hibernia
Bank.
The local branch of the Red Cross
Society will in time become a part of
the general national organization, of
which the illustrious Clara Barton is
president. It was the same woman
who devoted her time to caring for the
wounded in the late war, and whose
life has since been devoted to the cause
of the suffering.
Wherever the subject of the local or
der has been discussed in San Fran
( isco it has met with ereneral apn*-^-'>l.
Men and women in all ranks of society
have commemitu jcs purpose a: -
fled a willingness to help in the work.
It will only be - short time now until
the organization is effected and the
work fully under way.
THE WORK AFIELD.
Rabbi Voorsanger on the
Necessity for the Red
Cross.
Rabbi Voorsanger lectured last night
at Temple Emmanu-EI on the "Doctrine
of the Sanctity of Human Life." In
touching upon the war issues the Rabbi
spoke of the necessity of sanitary com
missions in the following words:
"Our women have already bestirred
themselves to noble action. They be
lieve in the sanctity of human life. I
touched upon that phase of the ques
tion last week and I did not realize
that my words would be heeded so
soon. Upon woman rests the duty of
minimizing the consequences of war.
Woman is man's strongest support in
all the exigencies of life. Her moral
strength, her patriotism, and endurance
are greater than ours. If man's
strength, her patriotism and endurance
rent, woman's represents the patience
of the dripping stream that in time
cleaves the rock. Nowadays she goes
to the wars as much as the man. The
vivandiore has passed out of existence
to make room for the nurse. The bar
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 23, 1898.
rel of spirits has made room for medi
caments. The rough speech and ribald
jegt of the camp follower have passed
out of existence and the gentle voice
of the nurse makes better harmony.
The soft hand, the tender touch, the
prompt assistance, the careful nursing
of women, make even grim war less
grim, and though its terrors shall not
cease until the word shall be removed
from the vocabulary of human speech,
we owe it to our women that its con
sequences are less fatal and dangerous.
"The Red Cross service is one of the
most magnificent evidences of the hu
manity of the nineteenth century.
That service will be supplemented here
after by voluntary organizations, com
posed of women, and all men who have
hearts and hands. These organizations,
established all over the country, will
have a two-fold object. The Irst na
turally will be the rendering of active
assistance to the humane service in
the field
"It is absolutely necessary to assist
the Government by the private contri
bution of all articles that will help
to improve the sanitary condition of
camp life and to render, prompt service
to the wounded or to prisoners. Such
humane service, to be sure, has already
an interesting history. Its beginnings
lie in the patriotism, the loyalty and
humanity of women. The century has
seen its growth. Comparatively brief
as is the time that separates us from
Waterloo, yet we have learned differ
ently than to go to balls and parties on
the eve of battle. Since '61 our women
work. They qualify themselves for hos
pital and field service, and those at
home are to provide comforts that fall
nut within the scope of a war depart
ment. That comes first; and next the
absolute necessity of strengthening the
sanitary defenses at home.
"The brief struggle between Prussia
and Austria in ISB6 cost more lives after
peace was made than during the height
of battle. From the camp and the field
of carnage came an enemy that rav
aged the cities of Europe and convert
ed entire communities into graveyards.
That enemy was the chole'a, twin sis
ter to that dreadful scourge of the
South, yellow fever. During the four
years that preceded the Franco-Ger
man war Europe had. learned to pro
tect itself acainst another attack from
that insidious enemy. If we believe in
the sanctity of human life let us benefit
by the experience. At this time and
fur the next few months we will be re
quired to exercise the utmost caution
lest our country be invaded by an ene
j my. disease. We need to build for
! tresses of health on the borders of our
country. We need to put our sanitary
homes in order. I will be among those
who will Issue a call in this direction.
We, who are not required to actively
engage in the coming campaign must,
nevartheless, be imbued with the sense
of ou- responsibility toward our coun
try. We must help it and stand by it.
We can do it most efficiently in the or
ganization of these sanitary commis
sions. It would be an apt illustration
of cur own belief in the sanctity of
nun. an life."
ORGANIZE AT ONCE.
Dr. John Gallwey, an En
thusiastic Champion
of the Red Cross.
Dr. John Gallwey, brigade surgeon of
the sanitary corps of the National
Guard, is enthusiastic about the forma
tion of the Sanitary Commission and a
, Red Cross Society. "It is a grand and
a most humane movement," he said.
"It on the field will relieve war of many
; of its horrors and give great relief to
; many an anxious heart at home. By
all means let it be organized, and the
stronger it is the bettor. Skilled nurses
and many of them will d~ wanted in the
coming battles. I believe the war we
now have upon us will not be ;v matter
of a few weeks, but of months, and it
is well to be prepared. Even it" the war
| should be short and the services of the
; proposed Sanitary Commission aro not
I needed no harm will be done. But on
Clara Barton defines the
purposes of the great Red
Cross Society as follows:
"It seeks to do away with
all the barbarities of war in
the treatment of the sick and
wounded, whom it renders
neutral, and not subject to
imprisonment.
"It renders neutral all per
sons on the field and in hos
pitals who attend upon the
sick and wounded. They shall
not be captured.
"Soldiers so badly wound
ed as to be unable to fight
again are returned to their
own lines or to their friends,
and all surgeons and bearers
of the red cross in attendance
upon the wounded on a cap
tured field shall be safely con
ducted bacK to the lines and
given up to their own army.
"The Red Cross requires
that all inhabitants in the vi
cinity where a battle is about
to take place shall be notified
by the generals command
ing both armies, and full pro
tection offered to any house
which will take in wounded
men on either side to be cared
for, thus converting every
house near the scene into a
furnished hospital."
DR. JOHN GALLWEY.
the contrary great good will be accom
plished. If any great amount of money
should be raised that will not be used
in alleviating suffering on the field of
battle there are many hospitals in this
State where it can be used to a good
advantage. By all means organize the
society and let it forever remain in ex
istence, to be ready to be called upon
should there be future need for its
strength."
A STATE SOCIETY.
Every City and Town In
California to Have a Red
Cross League.
A Red Cross society in California is
an assured fact. Governor Budd has
said so, and the surgeons of the Sani
tary Corps of the National Guard have
given their assurances that it is ur
gently needed in view of the impend
ing call of the citizen soldiers to arms.
Every city, town and village in the
State should now prepare to organize
a branch of the movement. Scores of
trained nurses have volunteered their
services and should they go to the front
they will have to be supported. Money
and clothing will be needed for them
and for supplies for the sick, and
wounded. Of course, the army takes
care of its wounded and sick, but the
medical supplies only provide what is
absolutely needed. It does not give the
many delicacies that the sick and in
jured crave. It does not supply the
many comforts that can only come
from the loving ones they left at the
homes they went to the front to fight
for. The Red Cross Society is to sup
ply all that and the organization can
not be too great. As soon as the com
mittee that Governor Budd will call
together agrees on a plan and what
Will be required those interested in the
work will be notified through these col
umns. In the meantime let organiza
tions in every part «/f the State be
formed and be ready to respond at the
first call for assistance.
Governor Budd will issue a call for
the meeting of the committee to-day,
and the ladies and gentlemen who have
signified their intention to him to act
will in all probability be called together
on Monday to organize the commission
and a Red Cross society. Surgeon Gen
eral Hopkins of the California Nation
al Guard will have a conference with
the Governor to-day and draft an out
line of what will be urgently needed
by the medical departments of the mi
litia organization in case it is called to
the field, and it will be the first object
of the proposed organization to supply
it. The National Guard as it is now
has the best equipped sanitary corps
of any militia organization in the Uni
ted States; still, it is deficient in many
respects. Colonel Hopkins says twelve
ambulances are required. As many
field surgical cases are needed and a
like number of cases for hospital work
are wanted and wanted badly if the
call to the front comes. Then there will
be needed a quantity of bandages and
surgical dressings, as well as a large
supply of drugs. All that the citizen
soldiers want the surgeon general es
timates will cost about $10,000 to put
them in first-class condition for emer
gencies should they be sent into an ac- i
tion.
Members of the National Guard and
volunteers to defend the flag will come \
from all parts of the State and it is the j
intention of the organizing committee i
to call for organizations in every city, !
town and hamlet in the State for the ;
common cause. Leaders are wanted to j
start the organizations. It is to be a
State affair and if possible a national
one, with the object of co-operating ■
with the medical department of the !
United States army and of placing the '
whole organization under the leader
ship of Miss Clara Barton, who Is fore
most in the work of the Red Cross in j
America.
The people of Benicia stand ready
to assist in the State organization. The
following letter gives a hint of what
the people of that little city are willing ;
to do:
BENICIA, Cal., April 22, 189 S.
Editor San Francisco Call— Dear Sir:
The earnest work of The Call toward the
establishment of sanitary commissions
and Red Cross societies has inspired the
w..men of Benicia until they, too, want
to organize and contribute their help in
alleviating the sufferings of our soldiers,
which will be so terrible if the war, which
=c* ms inevitable, comes upon us.
Will you kindly direct me to the proper
person "to give us instructions as to the
manner of organizing and something of
an outline of the work necessary to be
done Very respectfully
done. »«n ADD IE M. BILLINGS.
PRAISE THE WORK.
Military Surgeons Busy
Perfecting Plans for
Work in the Field.
Surgeon General W. *E. Hopkins of
the National Guard and Dr. P. J. H.
Farrell of the Sanitary Corps have been
very busy for several days arranging
the details of the field work of the Na
tional Guard Sanitary Corps. They
will have a consultation with the Gov
ernor to-day relative to perfecting ar
rangements. •
Dr. Farrell, whose official position
now is that of a captain in the Sanitary
Corps, is an old army surgeon, having
served with the British in the Soudan.
He is familiar with the work of the
Red Cross and is enthusiastic in his
commendation of the work being done
in the matter by The Call. In reference
; to the work of volunteers and the Red
! Cross the doctor said:
"It is impossible to overpraise this
i faithful band of workers. They do a
' service that is inestimable to surgeons
in the field. The ereatest part of their
labor is in the first dressings, which
save a great number of lives and en
j able a number of soldiers to go in th*
i field who would otherwise be lost en
j tirely or greatly disabled.
"Trained nurses are very valuable,
for they can do as well in many cases
as the surgeons. Even the most ordi
nary untrained volunteers can be in
structed in two or three days how to
stop hemorrhages and bandage wounds
in such a way that a number of the
wounded are able to go ahead and fight
without much delay or gTeat incon
venience."
Dr. Farrell says the sanitary and
hospital corps is in pretty good shape
now, and it will be placed on a much
better footing as soon as affairs are
shaped up with the Governor.
A NOBLE FIELD.
Ex-Collector John H. Wise is an en
thusiastic friend of the red cross
movement. Speaking of the subject
yesterday he said:
"I have always admired the work of
those angels of mercy that appear in
places where the aid of the strong and
brave is needed. It is the province of
this society, as I understand its noble
work, to relieve the wounded on the
battle-fields and in the hospitals. The
A Gleam of Humanity Amid the Battle's Slaughter.
DR. OSCAR J. MAYER ON RED CROSS
The French Hospital Surgeon Admires the Societu
and Will Aid the Local Work,
One of the best informed physicians in the city on the work of the Red
Cross is Dr. Oscar J. Mayer of the French Hospital, who wears a badge of
the German branch which he joined at Munich in 1892. Dr. Mayer feels
a keen interest in the work of the society and would gladly close up his
office here and devote his services to the volunteer work until the end of tho
war if he could make proper arrangements. Speaking of The Call's enter
prise yesterday. Dr. Mayer said:
"I have often been asked what my badge means, though it is known tho
world over that a red cross on a flag is the badge of mercy honored by tho
nations of the world ever since the treaty of Geneva. I am delighted to see
The Call take up the work, and I hope its efforts will be crowned with the
greatest success.
"I stand ready to deliver lectures and do all in my p#wer to instruct vol
unteers in the emergency work, so they will know how to carry the wounded
from the field and minister to their wants until complete hospital facilities
are at hand.
"The beautiful feature of the work of the society is that it treats friend
and foe alike, being on the field for the purpose of aiding suffering humanity
regardless of creed or race. In Germany, and some other Governments of
Europe, the funds for this work are raised by lotteries, though lotteries are
prohibited by law except for some such charitable purpose. The movement
here ought to be encouraged in every way possible, so that a well organ
ized band of trained laymen might be of great use to the hospital corps of
the army. The organization of the society reminds me that its founder.
Henri Dunant, who is in needy circumstances, was recently rewarded by tho
Russian Government, which gave him a prize of 5000 rubles.
"You may put me down as willing to do all in my power to aid tho
deserving work of the Red Cross. I think the society should become thor
oughly established here, as in Europe, so everybody would at once know
the meaning of the badge. The society does not limit its work to war alone,
but it aids people in floods and disasters that leave large bodies of people
wounded and destitute."
treaty of Geneva generously allows
them to be exempt from all liability to
harm. It also provides that the houses
and property used by them shall be
free from molestation. I think there is
not anywhere a nobler field for the
patriotic young women of our State
than to show what they will do for
their brothers in the hour of disaster.
The Call deserves the thanks of the
community for what it is doing in this
direction."
A CREDIT TO THE STATE
Dr. W. 1.. Berry, formerly of the Re
ceiving Hospital, is a great friend of
the Red Cross Society, and heartily ap
proves of the work undertaken by The
Call. He will do all in his power to aid
the work of the local society. In refer
ence to the organization he said yester
day:
"Nobody can better understand than
a doctor the value of train?* nurses in
the field. It is a fact th->t laymen can
be taught enough in a few weeks to
render them very vkiUuti.<: on me aeiu.
This -teac^iner r° ri f' »»■•■ th^m ablf to
carry otf the wounded and to minister
to I'hem while they are on the way to
the Dase hospitald. | There is something
in learning how to treat the wounded
at the very start. If the order gets a
good start here it will be a credit to
the State."
WILL DO MUCH GOOD.
Harry N. Morse, the veteran detec
tive, said: "It is a sign of a high civil
ization to minister to the dying and to
help the wounded who fall fighting for
what they believe to be right. It can
not be that any one would object to the
purposes of the great organization
known as the Red Cross Society. You
may say that I am for it and that I
consider that the organization of a
strong corps in this State would reflect
glory on the name of the Golden West
all over the world. Let the good work
go on without interruption. There are
plenty of brave women who will join
the order when they know its benign
purposes and that they are sure to do
a vast amount of good and reflect glory
on themselves and their posterity by
the work."
APPROVES OF A COM
MISSION.
BERKELEY, April 22.— Rev. John
Coyle, pastor of Trinity Methodist Church
of Berkeley, is working to form in Berke
les' an organization similar to the Sani
tary Commission. Next Monday he will
address the students of the Berkeley High
School on the subject, and a meeting of
Berkeley citizens will be called to perfect
such an organization. "There ought to be
such an organization in every prominent
town in the State," he declared, "and
Berkeley ought to be the first to re
spond."
DOCTORS' DAUGHTERS
READY.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 22, 1898.
Editor The Call: The Doctors'
Daughters want a part in the pro*
gramme about to be made for the alle
viation of the sufferings of the soldiers
who have gone to the front.
They place themselves at the dis
posal of the auxiliary to the Red Cross,
trusting that what experience they
have gained and what training they
have had will make them helpful asso
ciates.
The ambulance belonging to the so
ciety—which was bought by members
of the Doctors' Daughters, Mrs. Her
man Oeirichs and Miss Virginia Fair
is at present in use at the Receiving
Hospital, otherwise we'd gladly turn it
over to the Sanitary Commission.
For anything that remains in our
power to do we ask that you call upoa
us. SUSANXE McEWEN,
President Doctors' Daughters.
RUSHING OUT GELA
TINE.
Orders for High Explosives
for Coast Mines and
Torpedoes.
There will be plenty of high explo
sives for the mines that will help pro
tect the harbors of the Pacific Coast
and for the big dynamite guns out
near the Golden Gate. Yesterday the
Giant Powder Company began work at
its plant across the bay on a large rush
order for "gelatine" just received from
the Government.
The material is a preparation of
nitro-glycerine of extremely high ex
plosive power, and when prepared for
shipment is in cubes from two to sev
eral inches each way and is packed in
pasteboard boxes. As the stuff is sup
posed to just go- off all at once and rii>
everything in reach when a button ia
pressed for a submarine mine or a tor
pedo, or a dynamite shell strikes the
enemy, it doesn't have to be prepared
with the extreme skill that is required
for smokeless or brown powders for
heavy guns. It is simply a raw high
explosive prepared for heat tests, and
as prepared it can be handled quits
safely. One can safely drive nails in
the tough gelatine chunks. The out
put will be rapidly distributed by the
army officers about the various points
along the coast where mines may be
laid or torpedoes used, and will re
enforce the supply already in the mag
azines. Some of it will doubtless go
into the underground magazines for the
dynamite guns.
Special Notice.
To those troubled with Itching scalp,
dandruff and falling hair, cut this out
and mail to Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal.,
who will send free sample of Smith's
Dandruff Pomade, which is for sale by
all druggists. •
Melba's "Lucia" To-night.
The largest and most fashionable house
of the season is expected at the Cali
fornia to-night to bid adieu to La Melba,
who will sing the title roie in "Lucia,"
78
THROWN IN
THE TANKS ON
SUSPICION
James Haley, Come
dian, Under
Arrest.
Accused of Passing Sev
eral Worthless
Checks.
His Friends Declare That He
Is on the Verge of Senile
Decay.
FAVORITE AT THE CHUTES.
Several Charges of Felony Likely
to Be Recorded Against Him
To-Day.
James Haley, the "plain comedian." as
the managrr3 of the Chutes, where he was
engaged, designated him, is locked up in
the tanks In the City Prison. He was
arrested last night by Detectives Whit
taker and Reynolds on suspicion of hav
ing passed several forged checks.
Several weeks ago Haley, who is well
known in the East, was engaged to per
form at the Chutes at a princely salary-
He made a decided hit, and was looked
upon as a star attraction.
Recently, it is claimed, he has acted
strangely and his friends, fearing that he
was losing his mind, seriously thought of
having him committed to the Insane
Asylum.
Last night he visited a drug store on
Market and Powell streets, and after in
tr. ■duced himself as the "King of Come
dians," a-sked the proprietor to cash a
check for J250.
"I've got money to burn," he remarked,
"'"ash the check and I'll show you that I
am a game sport."
Suspecting that the man was crazy the
druggist refused to have anything to do
with him. A short time afterward he
visited the Columbia Theater and en
deavored to induce Sam Friedlander. who
was In charge at the time, to cash the
check. Friedlander refused to have any
thing to do with him and ordered him to
leave the theater. Subsequently he vis
ited the Orpheum and vainly" tried to
realize on the worthless paper. He claim
ed that he owned real estate on Tchama
street and was worth at least ?.
In the meantime Detectives Whittaker
end Reynolds, who had been apprised of
his actions, were scouring the city for
him. They claim that he hud Imposed
upon several business mfn by inducing
them to cash worthless checks, aftfr r-p
resenting that he had considerable money
In bank. After considerable trouble the
detectives located Haley on Ellis street
and took him into custody.
It is said that several charges of pass-
Ing fictitious checks will be placed against
him to-day.
REMEMBER THE
BOYS IN BLUE
To- Day's Ball Game for the
Benefit of Their
Families.
A CrtatTim* Promised at Recreation
Fark~Santa Cruz to Play at
Central Park.
The ball game at Recreation Park this
afternoon between the Stocktons and
Oaklands of the California League prom
ises to be one of the biggest sporting
event* of the season. The announcement
thai the entire receipts would be divided
among the families of the enlisted men of
the First Infantry and Third Artillery,
■who have gone to the front, has appealed
to the patriotism of every man, woman
Rnd child in town, and many who ordi
narily care little for the game will attend
for the sake of helping those who are
dependent upon the soldier boys. The
Thud Artillery band will be in attendance
and a national salute will be lired by a
squad from that regiment on the raising
of the stars and stripes. Folio Is
the makeup of the teams:
Oakland. Positions. Stockton.
Kussell Pitcher Fiege
W. Peters Catcher C. Peters
Donovan First bate Selna
O'Nell Second base N. Smith
Lang* Third base Billings
Bnieer Shortstop Lockhead
Shea L*-ft field Walters
I-"-an Center field Rice
Jlardle Kijjht field White
Moskimon .-Substitute Stewart
AT CENTRAL PARK.
At Central Park Santa Cruz and San
Francisco will struggle for the Pacific
States League championship. The make
up:
San Francisco. Positions, Santa Cruz.
Drews Catcher C. Daubenbls
Johnson or Perlne Pitcher E. Daubmbis
Bweeney Fir^t base Fitzgerald
JUley Second base Arellanos
Kelly Third base Devereaux
Ftulz Shortstop Williams
Kroghan Left field Hopkins
Mclntyre <-nter field Streib
"WaJtruus Hl^ht field McUrath
Widber's Defalcation
Is pointedly criticized and some very
pertinent statements concerning public
officials made; the crime of sending rot
ten vessels to sea; California's repre
sentatives in Congress and other edi
torial topics are vigorously treated; a
very peculiar (»rand Juror, a Fresno
raisin king and local personages are
sharply pricked by the Crier; Sparks
blisters :everal society dudes, tells a
San Rafael joke and touches up several
prominent citizens. Good stories are
told on Commodore Lancaster, Captain
Allan M. Clay, Dr. D'Ancona and other
people by the Looker On. Full social
news, stories, reviews, etc., make to
day's News Letter of exceptional In
terest—all for 10 cents.
War, Grim War.
The best editorial that has yet been
written upon this question appears In
Town Talk to-day. It is treated f-om
the standpoint of the intelligent Christ. an
and should be read by every one having
the best interests of his country ;it heart.
The portraits In this issue of the popu
lar weekly are varied and attractive and
an Interesting Spanish story of parly
California life is contributed by Kate
Clark Brown. •
St. Francis Gentlemen's Sodality.
The members of the Gentlemen's So
dality of St. Francis parish will receive
holy communion in a body to-day at the
7:30 o'clock mass. Rev. Father Wyman,
superior of the Paulists. will preach at
vespers in St. Francis Church. Vallcjo
street. At the last meeting of the Sodal
ity John Gloason was elected prefect,
John Kelly Jr. first assistant and P. Con
nor eecond assistant.
The wonders of Holland's new de
stroyer of battle-ships are described
In next Sunday's Call.
AGAIN FELL TO
JOE ULLMAN
Second Time the Corrigan
Horse Dumped the
Talent.
Beaten Out Cleverly in the
Mile Event by Ostler
Joe.
Tcrsida Too Fast for Fonsovannah
Potentate Finally Took a
Purse.
Earlier in the meeting. Joe Ullman, the
RUcy gelding in the Corrigan stable, was
supposed to be tramping around in plas
ter of paris casts to hold his bowed ten
dons in place, electric bandages and such
paraphernalia. Of recent date he looms
up as a handicap horse. Yesterday in •
the mile purse run at Ingleside, the Cor- j
rigan horse was played down to 7 to 10 '
favoritism to beat Ostler Joe, News
gatherer and Flashlight. He did down [
Xewsgatherer, for that uncertain factor j
covered four furlongs and gracefully re- I
tired. Clayton on I'llman hit the stretch '■
in front with confidence sticking out of ;
them both on all corners. Hennessy went i
to work on Ostler Joe, and in a drive j
reached the wire a length before the fav
orite in 1:41%. It was a costly affair to
followers of the green with white sash. :
Favorites again made an even break of
it, taking three purses. Hennessy carried
away the riding honors by piloting two
winners.
After behaving very unladylike at the
post. Sardonic, the favorite for the first
event, got away with a rush, and racing
San Antonio to a standstill the first half
mile, won easing up, covering the seven
furlongs in 1:29 U. Rio Frio, a 150 to 1
chance, was third, five lengths behind San
Antonio.
Shields & Co. furnished the favorite for
the rive and a half furlong sp'nnt which
followed in Potentate. The bay horse
was not in great demand at that, reced
ing in the betting from 6 to 5 to twos.
He overhauled Plumeria in the stretch,
and ridden out at the wire, won by less
than a length from the 20 tj i shot Sten
tor. Plumeria stopped to nothing.
The finish to the five furlong scramble
for 2-year-olds was a very close oue.
Milt Young, the favorite, getting the de
cision from Primavera by a scant mar
gin. Lonnie Clayton rode the winner and
had slightly the best of Ames when it
came to a drive. Mossbrae, the second
choice, with Plggott up, was a good third.
The mile run. fourth on the card, was
declared off ;ir.d a cheap affair at five
and a half furlongs for maidens substi
tuted. When the odds were posted
Tempse was quickly played down from
fours to even money, but later receded
to 3 to 1. Joe Levy went to the post a
mild 13 to 5 favorite. In a drive Piggott
landed Tempse first, hnlf a length .ahead
of Texarkana. with the favorite third.
"Daggie" Smith's good mare Torsida
opened favorite for the final six furlong
run, but the crowd preferred Fonsovan
nah, and she receded to 2 to l. The lat
ter was first as the head of the stretch
was reached, but at this point Thorpe
shook Torsida up. and assuming the lead,
the mare won easily. In a drive Fon
sovannah beat Glorian a neck for the
place.
TRACK NOTES.
The secretary of the Pnnta Ana Agricultural
Boctaty has notified the California Jockey Club
that a $25 purse was hung up for the race won
by Gold Bug at that place last fall. The pro
tested purse won hy Gold Bug at Oajdand on
April 15 will now be awarded to Tom Smith,
which horse finished second.
The Jockeys will give a ball at California
Hall, on Bush street, Saturday evening. Valu
able prizes for the most popular riders will be
given away.
The receipts at Ingleside on Monday and
Tuesday next will be donated to charity. The
Monday following has also been conceded to
the Ingrleslde association by the California
Jockey Club, on which occasion the receipts
■will go to the Balboa boulevard fund.
As the barrier was released In the two-year
old event Mossbrae stumbled to his knees,
ruining his chances. Piggott. who had the
mount, also mixed it up badly with Glorian
in the final race.
Sardonic slipped her headstall while at the
post in the opening race and started down the
reverse way of the track. Clayton slid orf her
ba<Mc and the filly slackened up at the Judges'
stand. '
At the conclusion of the season here many of
the stables will depart for the meeting to be
held at Denver, commencing June 11 and con
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-lngleslde Track-14-Bth day of the
* Winter Meeting, Friday, April 22, 18&8. Weather fine. Track
fast.
Q4O FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; threfc-year-olds; purse. $350.
937 Sardonic U0 2
372 San Antonio 115J 5
837 Rio Frlo 112; 1
(S.'v)) Ai'pl'-jack 11.". 3
609 Musculado 112! 6
927 Ternary lio! 7
927 On Gua Nita. U« 4
2 2
1 '4
6 h
4 Ihi
6 4
3h_
1 1
2 2
4 h
3 3
5 h
7
6J
1 3
2 2
4 3
3 2<4
6 2
7
1 3
2 4
4 4
3 h
6 2
6 3
7
1«4 {
3 h !
4 2 j
5 m 1
6 15 !
_7 j
'.layion
Thorpe
IT 1^
Taylor
Macklln
McDonald ...
Plggott
[Buckley
3-5 9-10
8-5 1
DO 150
12 15
50 l;, 0
30 60
100 300
Time, 1:29>4. Winner, K. Oorrigan's b. t. by Morllla-Sardonyx. Good start.
Ing up. Second and third driving.
Won eas-
QzlQ SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward-
C/T'O* purse, $350.
Index. Horses. Weight. jSt. Mm. 4nT Km. StT Fin. I Jockeys. IOd! Cl
919 Potentate, a 112 5
923 Stentor, 4 10C 10
911 Nervoso, 6 100! 1
m McFarlane. 6 UN II
89S I'lumerla, 5 1071 2
S3l Celoso. 4 1041 3
916 The Dragon, 5 112 9
*73 FloriniPl, 4 104 12
N1 Naranja. 4 104! 8
:>2l Atticus, 4 106;13
920 rharlemapne, 4 106 7
3f.6 Senator Morrlll, a.. 112 6
931 Salisbury 11. 5 112 4
919 Potentate, a 112! 5 ... 3 h ... 14 1%, Hennessy .... 6-5 2
923 Stentor. 4 106 10 ... 6 3 ... 6 4 2 h McDonald ... 15 20
911 Nervoso, 6 10T»! 1 ... 6 4 ... 4 2 3 3 Ames 20 30
893 M Karlane. 6 109U1 ... 9h ... 7 4 4 1 Bullman 30 20
89S I'lumerla. 5 107] 2 ... 14 „. 3 1 6 4 Gouln 9-2 7-2
S3l Celoso. 4 104 3 ... 2h ... 2 1 64 Clawson 5 7
916 The Dragon, 5 112! 9 ... 11 1 ... 8 1 7 4 Cole 12 20
*73 Florimel, 4 104 12 ... 10 4 ... 10 1 8 2 Roil .<'. 7. 15 40
Nl Naninja, 4 104 1 8 ... 12 1 ... 6V4 H Thorpe 6 7
:>2l Altlrus, 4 106; 13 ... 13 ... 13 10 1 Garican 60 100
t»2O rharlemapne. 4 lOOj 7 ... 8 h ... 11 1 11 h Weaver 15 20
.V.6 Senator Morrlll, a. .112 6 ... 7 3 ... 12 2 12 R Narvaez ' 20 10
931 Salisbury 11. 5 112| 4 ... 4h ... 9 1 13 Miller '.'.'. 12 15
Time. 1:08%. Winner. J. H. Shields & Co. p s b. h. by Hayden Edwards- Amelia P Good
start. Won first three driving.
3 h
6 3
6 4
9 h
1 4
2 h
11 1
10 4
12 1
13
8 h
7 3
4 h
...
1 4
6 4
4 2
7 4
• 7a
3 1
2 1
8 1
10 1
6 4
13
. 11 1
12 2 '
9 1
1%
2 h
3 3
4 1
6 4
6 4
;h
8 2
9 4
10 1
11 h
12
4 13
Hennessy ....
McDonald ...
Ames
Bullman
Gouin
clawson
Cole
Ruiz
Thorpe
Gnrlgan
Weaver
R. Narvaez. . .
Miller
CkAA THIRD RACE— One mile;
.; purse, $500.
914 Ostler Joe. 6 115 3 314 31 22 23 11 Hennessy .... 8-6 6-'
926 Joo rilman. 4 11l 1 2 3 2% 1« lh 224 Clayton 6-5 7-10
926 Flashllpht. 6 11". 4 4 4 3 4 32 35 Thorpe ... 6 8
920 Newggatherer. 4.. ..108 2 14 124 \ 4 4 Plggott .' 3 5
Time, 1:41%. Winner, W. D. Randall's blk. h. by Fresno-Sister to Jim Douelas Gor>d
ptfirt. Won first three driving:. '
111
3
1
4
2
3 14
2 3
4
1 4
3 1
2%
12V.
k
2 3
1 h
3 2
4
."1 1-
2 24
35
4
•n
5
;t
Q4C FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
■."•1 Milt Young :
SB3 Primavera I
f>33 Mosebrae I
91S Modwena I
924 Distance "...:
924 Martillo ]
922 The Fretter
... Strongoll :
918 Practice :
3
1
6
8
2
7
5
4
»
2 h
1 h
7 2
6 h
6 h
8
3 1
4 h
41 3 h
1 h 11
54 6 1
3 4 ■ * 4
6h 7 2
8 6 1
24 2 4
7 8
1 ns
2 2
3 1
* 4
5 4
6 2
7 4
8
layion
lines
'Iff gott
Inos
7-5 7-5
8 8
2 8-5
50 100
10 30
5 10
20 50
5 10
100 100
i. Wilson....
I'oods .......
lawson
horpe .......
tulz ......:..
•Fell. ~
Time. 1:02%. Winner, E. Corrtgan's b. c. by Montana Regent-Lucerne
■Won first three driving.
Good start.
O4.fi # FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furiones; selling; • maiden three-year-olds; purse,
' \J 9 Join). *
907 Tempae 1
M 0 Toxarkana 1
930 Joe Levy |
927 Gotlieb 1
!i:;'.i Emma Rey ]
M 0 Rosa '
930 Nlihau :
894 Defiant :
!Mj( lempse iui 4 ... 11 11 12 \\l pi~,
M 0 Texarkana 112! 5 ... 34 4 1 2h 2h McE
S3O Joe Levy 103 8 ... 8 73 52 31 Thoi
927 Gotlleb 109 2 ... 21 31 3 n 41 Clay
K r J Emma Rey 107 7 ... 7 2 8 8 6 4 Clat
930 Rosa 107] 6 ... 41 2^ 4h 6$ Eno
930 Nlihau 107 1 3 ... 52 64 73 71 Kell
894 Defiant 10911 ... 6h 6 2 64 g [W.
Time, l:10V4- Winner, B. C. Holly's b. t. by Tammany-Imp. Tempe.
first throe driving.
4
1
5
8
7
S
3.
Li
1 1
8*
2 1
7 2
4 1
5 2
6 h
1 1
4 1
7 3
3 1
8
24
6 4
6 2
1 2
2h
5 2
3 h
8
4 h
7 3
6 4
X
li
1
1
gott 7-5
Donald ... (
irpe j
yton 5
wson '1
)S 'i
las 1;
Taylor.. .. 1;
Good start.
;son j
Donald ...
nrpe
tyton
2 5-2
6 7
2 5-2
2 • 7
7 12
7 • 6
5 20
a 30
Won
1 wson
os
lias
Taylor
947.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
(920) Torslda .....1<
914 Fonsovannah . ...... l:
<S»4) dorian .............l:
(929) liosormonde ........If
.708. The Ace 1(
2
4
5
3
JL
1 n
2 a •
"42
5
3 1
2 1
1 2
3 1
4 2
6 ,
sl*
,31-
4 3
■ 5
1 3
2 n
S 4
4 5
5
orpe
nnessy ....
rsrott .r.;r.
iwson
w ..........
6-5 3
2 3-3
2 13-5
10 10
5(3 200
1 easily.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 23, 1898.
tlnulng to the 25th inclusive. The meet prom
ises to be the biggest In the history of the
Overland Park Association, and special induce
ments are held out to horsemen. The St. James
Hotel handicap will be decided the opening
day. * _
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First One-half mile; two-year-old
fillies.
924 Ann Page....... 102! 924 Ocorona 107
(922)Canace 107 . . . Cleodora 102
(9S6)Buena Ventura. lo7 877 Toluca 110
SIS Atr.oltopec 102 i (SSS) Banewor 10<
936 Sweet Cakes — 107]
Second Race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-old colts and geldings. •
936 Santello 112; ... Master Lee 110
924 Rey Hooker ....103 933 Ach 112
... Baby King HOi 522 Polka 110
855 Faversham .....1031 933 Obsidian 103
Third Race— Three-quarters of a mile; sell
in*. '. '-
931 San Mateo 110 917 Montallade 109
837 Queen Blazes .. 97 927 Oahu 97 j
903 Joe Mussle 110 907 Chihuahua 9'i
917 Sly 105 771 Hurly Burly ... 97
552 Midas 112 929 La Goleta 97
919 Zamar II 107
Fourth Race— California steeplechase; full
course; value, $1000.
$22 Esperance ' 138! (932)0ur Climate ....146
932 Gov. Budd 144 641 Silverado 154
694 Reno 1541
Fifth — One mile; selling.
924 San Marco 115 923 Velox ins
943 Attlcus 105 90? Dolore 106
(923) Lena 108 923 Miss Ross 110
931 Imp. Mistral 11.111 940 Loch Ness 11l
934 Olive 110 923 Fortuna ....110
763 O'Fleta 112 623 Wawona 112
937 Twinkle Twlnk.lo6 934 Cromwell 115
Sixth Race— Seven-eighths of a mile.
(934)Morlnel 97' 941 May "W lvi
(7S6)Briar Sweet 97; (926)Satsuma. 116
(935)Rublcon 116
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race — Toluca, Canace, Banewor.
Second Race— Santello, Ach. Rey Hooker.
Third Race— Hurly Burly, Montallade. Sly.
Fourth Race— Esperance, Silverado, Our
Climate.
Fifth Race— San Marco. Mistral 11, Olive.
Sixth Race— Sweet, Satsuma, Hay W.
•
PLEASANTON RACE MEETING.
A mixed trotting and running meeting will
be held at the Pleasanton Stock Farm track on
Saturday, April 30. Some very fair horses are
entered and a day of excellent sport should be
enjoyed.
The events and entries are as follows:
Yf-rona Stake, trotting, two In three, free
for-all— Caryle Carr.e, g. g\. (Hambletonlan),
McDowell & Wise: Dlone, b. m. (Eross), Tom
Keating; Monterey, eh. s. (Sidney), P. J.
Williams.
Ruby Hill Stake, pacing, two in three, free
for-all—Lena N. b. m. (Sidney). McDowell &
Wise; Anaconda, b. g\. (Night), T. E. Keat
inp; Diablo, eh. s. (Charles Derby), William
Murray; Miss Margaret, blk. m. (Direct),
Charles Griffith.
Pleasanton Mercantile Stake, harness road
race, trotting and pacing, free-for-all, 3:0)
class— Prince C, b. gl. (St. Nicholas), John
Curtey: Madaro, b. m. (Dexter Prince), Harry
Wise: Little Miss, b. m. (Sidmore). J. M. Al"
vlso; Stella Marvin, b. m. (Don Marvin). S. K.
Trefry; Verona, h. m. (Diablo), c. L. Crellln.
IMeasanton Hop Company Stake, running,
thre^-quarters of a mile dash, free-for-all,
weight for age— Wild Rr.bin, Greenleaf, Jim
Bozeman, Jack Atkins, Tempse. Charlotte M,
McFarlane. Nuncoraar. Little F G, Alcatraz,
Mount Roy. Flashlight.
Merrlwa Stake, running, one mile dash, free
for-all handicap— Wild Robin, 85; Spry Lark.
92: Pleasanton. 101; Greenleaf, 92; Lady Hurst
112; Imp. Devil's Dream. 116; Dick Eehan, US;
Florlmel. 9S; Georue Palmer, SS; Apto, 92;
Flashlight. 123.
ASK FOR CHARITABLE AID.
The Catholic Ladies' Aid Society to
Give an Entertainment in the
Near Future.
The Catholic Ladies' Aid Society axe
making an appeal to the public of San
Francisco in aid of their relief fund. The
many cases requiring aid during the
past year have exhausted the treasuries
of the various branches, and as assist
ance is still asked for in almost number
less instances the society has concluded
to ask the public to consider their re
quest and resoond to it as has always
been done graciously and liberally. To
this end two entertainments will bo
given, one on Tuesday, May 3, and one on
Wednesday, May 4. at the Bush-street
Theater.
The entertainment of May 3 will con
sist of patriotic songs and "drills by the
children of the parish Sunday-schools
where the C. L. A. S. branches are lo
cated. This entertainment is under the
direction and management of Miss Char
lotte E. Johnston, a very earnest worker
in the work of the society. The entertain
ment of May 4 consists of a dramatic
performance under the management and
direction of Leo Cooper and will cer
tainly provide a pleasant and enjoyable
evening's entertainment. Tickets are for
sale at the rooms of the society, 75 Maze
building, and by the members of the so
ciety.
Irish National Beuniou.
Preparations are being made by the
Knights of the Red Branch for their re
union at Shell Mound Park on Sunday,
May 1. The committee is leaving nothing
undone to Insure the pleasure and com
fort of all who attend. It Is expected
the reunion of IS9B will bring together a
larger gathering of the Irish Nationalists
of San Francisco and neighboring towns
than ever before assembled In Shell
Mound Park.
FIGHTERS ARE
LEAVING TOWN
Are Not Enlisting but Are
Looking for Fistic
Engagements.
Billy Otts and Jack Granfield
Matched by the Excelsior
Athletic Club.
Report of the Lavigne-Daly Six-
Round Go by Rounds — O.her
Gossip.
With the exception of the Jeffries-Shar
key bout, there is very little doing in
pugilistic circles these days. This may
account for the many desertions to the
East of exponents of the manly art. Fol
lowing In the wake of Choynski, Dal
Hawkins left for New York last week in
the hope of taking on some of the lead
ers in his class, and on Monday next
George Green, the clever welterweight,
will go north. Young; Jimmy Lawler has
also become imbued v.ith a desire to
travel, and has declared his purpose of
going East if he succeeds in defeating
Conway.
Green, in company with Frank Foster,
the clever all-round athlete, will visit
faeattle, where a fistic exhibition is be
ing arranged for the former's benefit.
Green will then journey to Vancouver,
meeting all comers, and will, within a
few months, cross to England, where he
expects to be matched with Ted Pritch
ard. As the National and Birmingham
clubs have already spoken for the en
pajj..ment, there is no doubt it will take
place. In the event of its falling through,
Green is confident he will be matched
against some leading man there, as he
has a strong friend in Manager John S.
Barries of the Birmingham Club.
Paddy Smith, the hard-hitting brother
of '-Denver" Ed, who defeated Green in
Chicago some years ago. with Billy
Shannon of this city, reached town the
first of the week looking for engage
ments. He is not averse to meeting
'Spider" Kelly, and as the latter is
'willin' " there Is a likelihood they may
be matched.
Kelly is willing to fight Lon Agnew any
number of rounds for a side bet of $iou<i.
Agnew stated last week that Sharkey
gave him the worst of the deal in their
last go, and he believed himself capable
of putting the "Spider" hors dv combat.
Manager Groom of the National Club
scouts the story that Sharkey injured his
back while fooling with a bale of hay.
He says there might be .some truth in
his swallowing the balf. as from reports
the Sailor is working like a Trojan and
eating his head off.
A championship featherweight tourna
ment is the next event to be pulled off
by the popular San Francisco Athletic
Club. It will be held on the evenine of
May 3, and the following clever young
sters are already in training for the
tournament: William Quinn, William
Murnane, James D. Ellis, James Kenny,
J. P. Tiret, James McCarthy, Dick Con
don, John Dean, George Savage, Jack
Grantield, John Owens, Charles Dixon,
Frank Schuler and John McMahon.
Billy Otts, the clever little representa
tive of the Excelsior Athletic Club, will
take on Jack Granfield, the pride of the
San Francisco Athletic Club, on Friday
evening, April 29. The Excelsior Athletic
Club has arranged the bout and will have
other specialties on the evening of the
go. Granville and Otts are both two
handed fighters, with science enough to
please the most seasoned ring-goer. The
boys will weigh in at 130 pounds, and will
compete for a valuable trophy.
As very meager telegraphic reports
were received in this citj* of the Daly-
Lavigne battle last week, The Call pub
lishes a report of the fight by rounds.
Although the laws of Philadelphia do not
permit a decision being given, the opin
ions of those who witnessed the exciting
contest were divided as to who had the
best of it. The main question to be de
cided was, whether the Kid's body blows
or Daly's constant tattoo on Lavigne's
face did the most execution. Following
is the report of the fight by rounds:
First round— Xo time was lost sparring for
an opening. Both men led. landed lefts, ami
then clinched. Lavigne again used his left
hard. Then Daly got in his work In the shape
of a right-hand uppercut, almost flooring La
vigne. Lavigne stopped an uppercut. A mx
up followed, both exchanging rights and lefts.
Lavlgne led with left and Daly countered wth
the left on Jaw, followed it up with another In
the same place. Lavigne got in two left-hand
leads as they brokf away.
Second round— Daly opened with a light left
on face and then put a left on jaw. Just be
fore a clinch Daly got in a right-hand upper
<ut. Now ensued a -groat deal of one arm
punching In a clinch, which had been agreed
upon by the iru-n. Daly sent his left to the
jaw and Lavigne returned on the body. Daly
poked another on the Kid's jaw and Lavigne
put a hard one on the kidneys. Daly return
ed light, and then came a rapid exchange.
Lavigne got in a tremendous body blow and
Daly winced. The Kid followed this up with
a blow on the neck.
Third round— Daly opened with a blow on the
face, Lavigne returned on the neck, and then
placed the right on the jaw. Lavigne landed
left on the body and Daly returned with the
right, following it up with a terrific right
and left on the jaw, staggering Lavigne. The
latter was very wild. Lavigne landed on the
wind, and Daly got in two right-hand swings
on the head. Lavigne placed a heavy left on
the neck.
Fourth round— Lavigne looked wicked as he
came up. and before the round was finished
almost had the Wilmington delegate on the
road to defeat. After a clinch, and after both
had landed blows on the neck. Lavigne put a
hard right on the face and left on the jaw.
He followed this up with a left body blow.
The Kid again got in a terrific body punch, so
hard that he almost fell from the effort. Both
men exchanged blows, but Daly had the better
of it. Both landed on the jaw as the round
closed.
Fifth round— This round was without feature
and slightly in Daly's favor.
Sixth round— Daly opened with the left on
the face and a mix-up ensued, both men being
very wild. Daly planted right and left swings
on the face and right and left In clinch. L»a
vigne appeared very tired. Daly followed his
man up and landed two face blows. Then he
uppercut the Kid, and It seemed as though the
latter would surely be knocked out. Daly fol
lowed this up with right and left. Then La
vlgne s°t in a very hard jab on the neck.
Daly got home a hard one on the jaw as they
clinched. Daly fell short in a wild swing,
and the Kid landed at about half speed on
Jack's chest, when the gong sounded.
GUS GARSON. 23S Kearny street, near
Bush, sells "STANDARD" shirts. •
Change of Time on S. F. & N.P.R.R.
On April 23 the following change of
time will take place in the schedule of
the San Francisco and North Pacific
Railroad: Train leaving San Francisco
at 3:30 p. m. daily, except Sunday, will run
through to Ukiah, reaching the latter
named point at 8:35 p. m. On the return
this trnin will leave L'kiah at 5:15 a. m.
and arrive in San Francisco at 10:25 a. m.,
thus making a double daily service from
all points on the main line to Ukiah, in
clusive, except Sundays.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M«a^a^^feß^ra»ga country is the famous Burley leaf, from
MB^^^y^^^g^l^fljM 'which is manufactured
*B^H e^^^^Sh BuU I JAUK li
plj R* Dull I tiAull j
|w^/ s ' %^S^^^^iraS <^^^^ the purest high grade chewing tobacco Mx
t^^wj^Wpgp^W^aMß^H Mall Sfl silver pnpfr strips from Vcent cuts of JflF
HBl Boot Jack to the mar.ufneturera and receive In JNf
iSS'^iSSSKI^MBBxsgSmMK^^ in return a handsome aluminum pocket jSST
ißwoffl*SS|ffli Itß^hß ESir^^fl^- tobacco case. *j£sß*
GREAT WORK OF
TWO PITCHERS
Not a Single Hit Made
Off Either Hughes or
Breitenstein.
Sacramento Twirler Enables
the Orioles to Shut Out
Boston.
Cincinnati Wins From Fittsburg, Not
a Pirato Getting to Sec
ond Base.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, April 22.— Breitenstein
pitched one of the most remarkable
games on record against the Pirates
this afternoon. Not a semblance of a
hit was made off his delivery and only
twenty-seven men faced him in the
nine innings. Not a man got as far
as second base. His support was bril
liant. Hastings was wild and ineffect
ive. Attendance, 2400. Score:
n tj P
Clnclnnatls 11 10 i
Pittsburgs 0 0 6
Batteries— Breitenstein and Peitz; Hastings
and Schriever. Umpires — O'Day and McDonald.
BALTIMORE, April 22.— Pitcher
Hughes \v> a problem to-day which
the Boston batters could not solve, and
no runs and no hits were their portion.
The Orioles at times played magnificent
ball, but two of their errors were very
yellow. The visitors fielded superbly
and Baltimore was compelled to bat out
the victory. Attendance, 1800. Score:
R. H. E.
Baltimores 8 13 3
Bostons ...... 0 0 0
Batteries— Hughes and Clark; Lewis and Ber
gen. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
ST. LOUIS, April 22.— The Clevelands
put in young Powell to-day and he held
the Browns safe from the start. The
Spiders outbatted the locals, hitting
Sudhoff for fourteen hits. Attendance,
500. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 0 8 0
Clevelands 7 14 1
Batteries— Sudhoff and Clements: Powell and
O'Connor. Umpires — Cushman and Heydler.
LOUISVILLE, April 22.— Dowling
pitched a fine game this afternoon and
deserved to win, tmt the Colonels threw
away several chances for victory by
stupid base-running and two errors at
critical stages gave the Colts their only
runs. Attendance, 1100. Score:
R. H. E.
Chlcajros 2 6 0
Loulsvilles 1 7 3
Batteries— Thornton and Donahue; Dotvling
and Wilson. Umpires— Smartwood and Wood.
WASHINGTON. ApriL 22.— Trol
ley Dodgers turned the tables to-day
and through the assistance of Teager's
good work and some stupid plays by
the Senators carried off the victory.
Attendance, 1500. Score:
R. H. E.
Washingtons .... 7 12 2
Brooklyns 12 15 2
Batteries— Dineen, Amole, Donovan and Me-
Gulre: Teager and Ryan. Umpires— Emslie and
Andrews.
PHILADELPHIA, April 22.—
Phillies to-day defeated New York for
the third game in the present series.
Pyatt and Kusle were both very wild,
but the latter was hit the hardest. At
tendance, 4000. Score:
R. H. E.
Pi..ladelphia» 13 12 3
New Yoiks .:. 7 7 1
Batteries— Pyatt and McFarland: Kusle and
■Warner. Umpires— Snyder and Curry.
OLYMPIC MEMBERS
FOOLED AGAIN
Mexican. Pete Surprised Only
Those Who Did Not
Know.
Jeffries Had a Nice Picnic and Referee
Wand Saved a
Life.
The Call was not far off the mark -when
it said that Mexican Pete, the "cham
pion" of Montana, was a "dub" of the
worst kind imaginable, and that the
Olympic Club showed very rank judg
ment when it matched him against Jeff
ries—a powerful man who has already
proven his ability as a prize-fighter.
But this is not the first time the club
has disappointed its members, who last
evening left the big gymnasium thor
oughly disgusted with the show and the
men who are selected by themselves as
the club's fighting match-makers.
Poor old Peter Jackson should never
have been signed to fight Jeffries. There
is not another club in Amcita that would
have been guilty of making such a stapid
blunder.
But tae Olympic's able-bodied match
makers, not satisfied with the ridicule
they had been subjected to after the Jack
son-Jeffries farce, actually fell into an
other mud hole when they signed Jeffries
and Mexican Pete for a twenty-round
hippodrome. (How thankful Jeffries must
be. too.)
The match-makers had seen Pete "tried
out" bofore he was booked for the big
game, and they expressed an opinion that
he was a "coming man" and would give
his big opponent "a hard argument."
Well, he did in a way, but not just ex
actly as the men who paid $3 had ex
pected.
The man from Montana gave up all hope
of life when he had a good look at his op
ponent in fighting rig.
An account of the fight cannot be given
for the very good reason that there was
no fight to report.
Pete sheltered his dark-skinned face
with his gloves each time Jeffries made
an attempt to land, and although spun
about like a top from cuffs and pushes
the Mfxican kept hia face and neck al
ways guarded.
In the third round Jeffries determined
to knook the spots out of Pete's guard
under instructions from Captain Delanoy
and a couple of stiff punches on r
arms soon lowered the members. Then
one or two cuffs under the ear Bent the
alleged fighter from the chilly north to
the carpet. , .
Pete managed to get up in an awkward
way. and as Jeffries had settled blmuell
to deliver a knockout blow the humane
referee. Phil Wand, stepped bet we. -v the
pugilist and the dub and ordered the con
testants to their respective corners, mi --r
which good act he awarded the bloody
tattle to Jeffries. . , , .
The members and the very few misled !
people who paid $3 to witness the club s
fistic "treat" withdrew from' the gym
nasium, disgusted and vowing that it
would be the last "fight" they would
witness under the present administration
of pugilistic matchmakers.
The preliminaries were fairly good.
"Kid" McFadden. a bright-haired lad j
from the San Francisco Athletic Club, put
up a good stiff light against Fred May
nard, but the latter was the cleverer ;
hitter and boxer. Referee Joe Reay called
the ten-round bout a draw. Jimmy Law
lor had lots of fun punching Charles Con
way, the "Wooden Man," for ten rounds,
and although Conway stood a good gruel- ,
ling, he was unable to return punishment,
and Referee Wand gave the match to ,
Lawlor. which was a good decision. But
the members of the Olympic Club will
have occasion to remember for many
moons the Jackson-Jeffries and the Mexi
can Pete-Jeffries peek-a-boo fights.
SHARKEY STILL SUFFERS.
His Physicians Will Not Be
Able to Give a Definite Opin
ion Until Monday.
Tommy McDonald. Sharkey's manager,
arrived from Vallejo last evening and
stated that Sharkey is still suffering from
the severe strain received while attempt
ing to lift a bale of hay a few days ago.
Drs. Anderson and Hogan, who are at
tending the fighter, will not be able to
give a definite opinion as to whetner or
not their patient will be able to go
ahead with his match on May 6 until next
Monday, as he seems to be recovering
slcwlv
It Tom has recovered sufficiently to go
on with his training by that time he will
finish his work at the Seal Rock House,
where two extra trainers, F. McGraith
and Joe Kennedy, will assist Jim Casey
and Henry Baker. If the fight is nut
pulled off at the date formerly fixed it is
probable it will be postponed for some
time, as the pavilion has been rented for
weeks to come.
League of the Cross Bally.
The League of the Cross will hold a
district rally and essay contest on Sun
day. April 24, at 2 o'clock, in Native Sons'
Hall, Mason street. Four cadets will
compete in the essay contest for a silver
medal. The winner will have in addition
the privilege of competing in August for
the championship of the league.
The names of the contestants are:
Private James O'Brien, Company A. St.
Mary's Cathedral; Color Sergeant George
Shaw of Sacred Heart parislp-; Sergeant
William Colligan, Company G. of St.
Bridget's, and Private Hunt of Company
M, St. Francis. The subject is, "Temper
ance the Foundation of True Manhood."
The essays will be judged by a board
consisting of Miss Dr. Mahoney, Silas
White, principal of Spring Valley Gram
mar School, and Julius Kahn. An ad
dress will be delivered by Rev. Father
Wakeham, the Suioician priest who has
recently come out from the East to take
charge of the Catholic Seminary at Menlo
Park. Four companies of the League of
the Cross Cadets, A. D. G. and M.. will be
present in full uniform. The non-uni
formed temperance boys from the par
ishes of St. Mary's Cathedral, Sacred
Heart. Holy Cross, St. Bridget's and St.
Francis will march in a body to the hall.
The public will be admitted free of
charge. Lieutenant Colonel Thomas F.
Ryan will preside at the rally.
In the Divorce Court.
Berdiene Berg has been granted a dl
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
a o
I DON'T BE WEAK! 1
« ' ■ , ™  O
3 \. O
When you realize that you 33
w > are not *^ c man y° u should be «
« ' y^^'^'.^^^a at your age; when you find your £
fi (ffifc*^T^MS^\ manly strength leaving- you, ex- <;►
x W!*^MSf'&/%><l posing the great waste that has «
** '* L ußFj;&r£& /*T^v been draining your system for n
O / «§TsZ§~§£ r J -<\-_ years, then it is time to se- v
r* IJagy'fijKFSßEr 5 ifeHsf riously look to your health. 8
CL «■/ wKbhF^ ' J- ™" You need just such a remedy as O
c fjsSHJ Tiffijf j,^ « Dr Sanden's Electric Belt, from q;
Q SBSi /^ which the wearer nightly ab- «
J3 j/SS^^< / "^3. sorbs the vitality of youth— „
■:• M^^Qr r<^ a»SiSS^ energy, ambition and manly **
« >^ power. It is good for any one &
w / \]l who is weak, from whatever £
/» Jrs^S cause, as it naturally adds tone m
8 *S«. t0 the bod >'-
0 A\&k <Cyr^>*^ v Read Dr. "anden's famous «
« /^ %Nl<». >- *^V*swiV\ book, "Three Classes of Men." 8
£ ' \ \*^*s£g££&kkWm\ Free upon application. It is full O
# U *v ? VL r £ ; SCik>7 r V »- ■ of valuable Information or «
C( weak men. Call or address Z.
« SANDEN ELECTRIC C 0.,. * $5000 RE^ ARD ■» »
H 632 Market Street, San Francisco. ' $5000 REWARD of 2
« 632 Market Street San Francsco. wm be
« NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— ♦>,„«,„ T,_, t _ >»,* i, Q
632 market street. these Belts which falls £
& Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to generate a current of s~
y-; ■to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 204>£ V\t>ft-Hoitv "
w South Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington i^iecinciiy.
J5 street: Denver. C 010..' 931 Sixteenth street; ♦- ■*■ r*
j £, ' Dallas, Tex., 255 Main treet. Q
gggggggggggggggggggggggggaggggggggggg
> •
Lady. I gave a handful of Ripans Tabules to an old gentleman of
Brooklyn, and he said their effect upon him has beea.
most remarkable. '
Friend. What was the matter with him, anyway?
L, He is a weigher, and works about the wharves and ware-
houses. He said that always after eating he would bo '
troubled with gases, and there would be a sensation as
of a load on the pit of his stomach which made him
very uncomfortable.
F. Well, what good did the Ripans do him ? •
I* I don't know how they did it, but he says they were effect-
ive from the start, and he was surprised to see how 3
quickly one would give him relief. I think it is quite
remarkable, for he is a confirmed dyspeptic and h«-
positively sneered when I gave him the Ripans. Hi * *
didn't seem to think anything could reach bis caso.
rorce from Peter Berg on the ground of
failure to provide, and Louis Harant a
divorce from Annie Harant on the ground
of Intempenu ■ ■ .
Kinma S. Loucks has secured a divorce
from Frank H. Loucks on the ground of
Infidelity. „., „ ...
The ilivorce suit of Zeila Hellings
against W. B. Hellings has been tran 3 
f, rred to Contra Costa County for trial.
Mary A J. Pratt has commenced su!t
f->r divorce against George F. Pratt on
th<- ground of failure to provide. >-<
SLOAN MUST PAY.
Dr. Fuller Obtains Judgment Against
the Jockey for SI OO for Med
ical Services.
Jockey Tod Sloan must pay his doctor's
bill. Several weeks ago Dr. G. W.
ler sued the paper-weight chum oi
his royal highness for $100 for m<
services rendered during the jockey
here two years ago. The day S
started East two weeks since he
peared before Justice of the Peace Barry
and filed a deposition in answer t
complaint, setting forth that he and Dr.
Fuller were former friends, and that he
had loaned the doctor at various times
sums of money greatly in excess i
amount sued for, which the doct< :
never repaid.
The suit came up for trial before Jus
tice Barry Thursday, and after be
Dr. Fuller's testimony and Sloan s depo
sition, reached the conclusion that th<>
jockey's version was rather weak, and
quickly gave a decision in the doctor's
favor for the full amount sued for.
ONE V/INNING FAVORITE.
Voyager Saves the Memphis Talent
From a Shut-Out.
MEMPHIS, April 22.— 0n1y one favorite,
Voyager, won to-day. There was a dis
agreeable, drizzling rain.
Four and a half furlongs— Dick Col
lins won. Pirate Judge second, John Man
ning thi'-d. Time, :.".: i
Six furlwngs, selling— Voyager won, Yeli
low Jacket second, Wheaton third. Time,
1:184.
One mile— Goodrich won. J. A. Grey sec«
ond, Fervor third. Time. 1:44.
Four furlongs, selling— Sir Blaze wor.,
Sagitta second, Annihilator third. Time,
Six furlongs, selling— Czarowitz won,
Horseshoe Tobacco second, Laureate
third. Time. 1:16&
One mile, selling— Celtic Bard won, Mys
tery second, Rey Salazar third. Time,
'CINCINNATI. April 22.— Weather fine,
track fast. Results:
Five furlongs, selling— King Barleycorn
won, Pat Garrett second, Hadrian third.
Time, 1:03.
Six furlongs— Baritaria won. Commerce
second, Dora B third. Time, 1:15?^.
One mile, selling— Cecil won. Ten Pina
second, Judge Baker third. Time. 1:42%.
Five and a half furlongs— lmp won,
Richard J second, Aunt Bird third. Time,
l; 07.
Seven furlongs, selling— Crusader won,
Peggy second, Anaheim third. Time,
Seven furlongs, selling— Annie Taylor
won, Rothe second, Stanza third. Time,
1:28%.
WASHINGTON, April 22.— Results at
Bennings:
Six furlongs, selling— First Fruit won,
Louise N second. Fiesta third. Time,
1:15%.
Five furlongs, selling— Holden won,
Rhodeymenia second, Subject third. Time,
1 : nr.. .
Seven furlongs— Sophomore won. Nigger
Baby second, Ellerslee Bell third. Time,
1:33.
Five and a half furlongs— Charantua
won. Warrenton second, Vigenta third.
TiniP, 1:09.
One mile, selling— Lucid won, Alarum
second. Her Own third. Time. 1:45.
Steeplechase for hunters, two and one
half milrs— Vanity Fair won, Athlete sec
ond, St. George third. Time, 4:47.TO APPOINT
WIDBER'S
SUCCESSOR
Christian Reis to Be
Put in Charge of
the Treasury.
The Resignation of the
Defaulting Official
Accepted.
Transferred From the City
Prison to the County-
Jail.
BONDSMEN SEEK REDRESS.
Count of the Money In tho Vaults
Will Probably Be Concluded
To- Day.
The resignation of Treasurer Widher
■was presented to the Board of Supervi
sors yesterday, and was accepted by that
body. The position thus made vacant
EX-CITY TREASURER CHRISTIAN REIS
k{ a Meeting of the Board of Supervisors Called for
This Morning Mr. Reis Will Probably Be Elected
to Fill the Vacancy Caused by the Resignation
of Treasurer A, C, Widber,
will probably be filled this morning by
the appointment of Christian Reis to
fcerve for the unexpired term.
Widber's resignation was the result of
a suggestion made to him that he could,
by voluntarily surrendering his author
ity, save the city and the authorities
much inconvenience and unnecessary
tmuble and delay. Under the provisions
of the consolidation act It becomes the
duty of the Mayor, Auditor and one Su
perior Court Judge, when for any reason
the Treasurer shall nave been charged
with a violation of the law. to immediate
ly name a temporary Treasurer, who
Bhall perform the duties of the office un
til such a time as the charges against
the Treasurer are disposed of in a proper
court of justice. The act further pro
- that the temporary Treasurer shall
provide a good and sufficient bond for the
proper discharge of his duties.
In view of the fact that Widber had
confessed his crime and thereby left no
doubt as to the outcome of the criminal
proceedings that have been begun against
him, the appointment of a temporary
Treasurer, which would inevitably be fol
lowed by the naming of a permanent
Treasurer, appeared to be an unnecessary
formality, particularly as it would in
volve a double delay in the preparation of
bonds. To overcome this difficulty it was
decided to present the matter to Widber
and suggest that he solve the difficulty
by handing in his resignation. Widber's
resignation would leave the office vacant
and thus permit the Board of Supervisors
to achieve the ultimate at once by ap
pointing his sucer:?sor.
When the matter was presented to
Widber he expressed a willingness to sim
plify by any means within his power the
tangle into which he had thrown the
city's finances. At noon his resignation
■was filed with the clerk of the Board of
Supervisors.
Mayor Pholan called a special meeting
of the board for 4 o'clock. At that hour
tho Mayor called the board to order, after
making a brief address, in which he out
lined the object of the meeting nnd the
circumstances that made immediate ac
tion necessary. There were present Su
pervisors Devany, , Haskins, Sheehan,
Lackman, Rottanzi, Morton, Britt, Smith
and Rivers.
Smith moved that the matter of accept
ing Wldber'B resignation be laid over un-
II the next meeting for the reason that
there hail been, so ho believed, contribu
tory nc-giigence on the part of others be-
Bldes widber, and he would like to see
the whole subject Investigated. Britt con
tended that the resignation should be ac
cepted at once, as the city's business was
fcolr.g blocked by the enforced closing of
the Treasurer's office. The motion to de
fer action was lost. The question of the
acceptance of the resignation was then
put and was carried, there being but one
dissenting vote. Nominations being in or
der Britt took th« floor and presented the
name of Christian Reis. He dwelt briefly
on the fact that Reis. having served two
terms as Treasurer, not only had the con
fidence of the people but was prepared by
past experience to take up the duties cf
tho office at a moment's notice. The nom
ination was seconded by Haskins and
Rottanzi. Smith, on behalf of the Repub
lican minority, nominated Henry S. Mar
tin. The roll was then called. Lackman,
Morton, and Smith voting for Martin,
and Devany. Haskins. Sheehan, Rottanzi,
Britt and Rivers casting their ballots for
Reis. As it requires a majority vote of
the entire board to elect, and as there
was no prospect of securing the attend
ance of the absentees, an adjournment
was taken until 10 o'clock this morning.
As the three remaining members of the
board are Democrats there is no doubt
that their votes will be cast for Reis.
The work of counting the money in the
treasury vaults was continued all day
yesterday, and will probably be completed
to-day. Yesterday's count disclosed no
further shortages, and it Is now believed
that the full amount of Widber's steal
ings is represented by the sum named
Bday. $114,199 so.
Roth the Surety Company and the city
euthorities are leaving no stone unturned
to protect themselves against loss by rea
son of the Treasurer's defalcation. Yes
terday the city fled an attachment for
>IC.OOO against Widber's ten-acre fruit
farm at Mountain View. At the same
time the Surety Company placed a keeper
on Widber's l-aneh at Walnut Creek and
filed an attachment against all of his per
sonal property In that county. The ranch
is mortgaged "for $5000 in favor of Timothy
A. Spaulding.
Widber now occupies a cell at the Coun
ty Jail. Yesterday morning he was booked
at the City Prison on a charge of felony
embezzlement and was then turned over
to Sheriff "Whelan. He was taken at once
to the County Jail, where he will be kept
pending the result of his trial. No time
has yet been fixed for his preliminary ar
raignment, as the District Attorney has
not vet assigned the case. It is under
stood that the trial will be had before
Superior Judge Cook.
WHERE WOMEN BET.
Property Owners Combine Against
the Gambling Evil.
The Merchants' Association, which has
set about to rid Sun Francisco of the
pool-selling evil, is meeting with every
encouragement from the owners of houses
where these parasites have fastened their
fangs upon the community.
An example of the demoralizing effects
can be daily scon on Mason street, be
tween Eddy and Turk, where a poolroom
is located. Here the "mudhens," that at
one time became a nuisance about the
stock boards, are daily seen sitting on
the doorsteps of the adjoining buildings
waiting for the "shop" to open, into
which they dump their dollars and cents.
To enter the filthy rooms is too much
for them, consequently they squat on the
doorsteps and in hallways, sending their
money in to be placed on their favorite
mustang. Fleel footed scouts carry the
results of the winners and losers out to
the old cronies, when a consultation is
had upon the next possible winner. This
Can I" 1 witni ssed every afternoon
on The block mentioned.
The assurance given the Merchants'
Association is in the following language,
and speaks well fur the association's co
operation with the better element of our
citizens:
The Merchants' Association Is daily receiving
from property-owners nn.l agents assur
ing their supp r! of the movement to rid the
: and conveying the Inf
tlon that they have or will at \ such
tenants of their building* to close their pool
or vacate the premises. As was sup
. the great majority of property-owners
were not aware that their property was beins
used for such purposes, and upon learning the
fart promptly notified their agents to close
the rooms.
If the poolrooms move to other localities they
will be followed up and the property-owners
requested to elope them. The real estate
agfnts are heartily in favor of the movement,
and if they will all aexrc, when renting prop
erty, tc make it a condition of the lease that
no portion of it la to be used for selling pools
on races the poolroom? Brill soon be closed.
WOMEN AT THE CLUB.
A Night Set Apart for Their Enter
tainment by Unitarians.
"Woman's night" at the First Unitarian
Club will be held in the Mutual Life *n
TO GUARD THE REVENUE.
Will S. Green, the New State Treasurer.
Tr*?«y«r ♦« «v 1 yesterda y appointed Will S. Green of Colusa State
Treasurer, to nil the vacancy caused by the death of Lev! Rackliffe Mr
Green is a prominent Democrat, who has just retired from the office of
Surveyor-General of the United States for California, to which office he
was appointed by ex-President Cleveland. Www oinee ne
He is one of the oldest and best-known newspaper men in the State
being the editor and proprietor of the Colusa Sun. Tho position was ten
dered to Mr. Green by Governor Budd yesterday morning, and later in the
day the appointment was accepted an.l the Governor advised by wire of its
acceptance. Mr. Green will probably have his bond /oady to file to-day
and be in position to take control of the office next Monday.
Governor Budd will be in Sacramento on Sunday to attend the obse
quies of the late Treasurer Rackliffe.
The State Board of Examiners will meet at Sacramento next Monday
at which time the seals will be removed from the vaults and the cash and
securities deposited in the treasury examined.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 23, 1898.
surance building Wednesday, April 27.
commencing exactly at 6:30 o'clock. The
sterner sex is barred generally, and not
a man will be in attendance at the festivi
ties unless he is from abroad, in which
case he will be welcomed and enter
tained. The theme chosen for discussion
is "Poets and Poetry," with snecial refer
ence to their influence, and will be intro
duced by Horace G. Platt. At the earn
est request of several members of the
club Professor E. H. Gritrgs will talk
upon the "Message of Browning."
There will be a number of other dis
courses, principally on topics included in
the general subject: "The Poetry of Pop
ular Religions." and "Homer" will be
among the number.
Accommodations in the dining hall will
be ample enough to seat at least 250 peo
ple, and it is expected that fully this
number will be in attendance.
A committee of ladies has been appoint
ed to attend in the reeept'on room and re
ceive the guests as they arrive. A num
ber of maids will also be in attendance
to receive and care for the wraps and
hats of the lady guests.
SPECIAL EXCURSION TRAIN TO
THE SANTA CRUZ MOUN
TAINS.
STOPPING AT WELL - KNOWN
CAMPING RESORTS EN
ROUTE.
The First of a Series of Popular Ex
cursions Under the Auspices of
the Southern Pacific Com
pany.
A DELIGHTFUL DAY'S OUTING
AT VERY LITTLE COST.
Several years agro the Southern Pa
cific Company inaugurated a series of
cheap excursion trips into the heart of
the Santa Cruz Mountains which were
extensively patronized and probably
did more to bring into public notice
the beauties and attractions of that
romantic region than any other agency
ever employed.
The result has been that numerous
delightful camping: resorts have been
established, notably those at Wrights,
Glenwood, Zuyante, Felton, Ben Lomond
and Boulder Creek, where people of
moderate means congregate by the
hundreds and enjoy to their hearts'
content the delightful surroundings af
forded by this mountain region, at a
minimum cost for travel and expense
at living, where the climatic conditions
are unsurpassed and the finest of fish
ing, hunting and boating can be en
joyed.
We are advised by the general pas
senger department of the Southern Pa
cific Company that the date fixed for
the first campers' excursion train of
the present season is Saturday, the 30th
Inst., and that the rate for the round
trip from San Francisco to Boulder
Creek or any of the intermediate
camping resorts has been placed at the
very low figure of $1 25.
A first-class train service will be pro
vided and excursionists will be com
fortably seated in upholstered cars.
This and subsequent excursions will
be personally co-pducted and under
the immediate charge of Colonel Wil
liam H. Menton, the popular excursion
passenger agent of the company, who
has been identified and favorably
known in connection with this charac
ter of business for many years. Ex
cursionists can therefore depend upon
being well cared for.
Take the 7:45 a. m. boat from the
ferry landing (narrow gauge), foot of
Market street, and at the same hour
from Fourteenth and Webster streets,
Oakland, Alameda passengers taking
the train from Park-street station at
8:20 a. m.
Returning, excursionists will arive In
San Francisco at 8:05 p. m.
For the accommodation of the large
number of people who will avail them
selves of this occasion, tickets will be
piuced on sale the 27th, 2Sth and 29th
inst. at the Grand Hotel ticket office,
this city, and on the morning o-f the
excursion at the ferry landing ticket
office, foot of Market street, San Fran
cisco, Fourteenth and Webster streets,
Oakland, and Park-street station, Ala
meda.
Will Count the State's Money.
Attorney General Fitzgerald, one of the
State examiners, will leave this city on
Sunday evening for the purpose of being
present in Sacramento on Monday morn
ir.p, when he, the Governor and Secre
tary of State Brown will count the money
in the State Treasurer's offk-e.
In next Sunday'j Call Mme. Melba
tells beginners what she considers? is
the chief element of success on the
stage.
RING & BAKER. 1302 Market street
sell "STANDARD" shirts. •
THE ANNUAL FIELD MEET,
Intercollegiate CliampionsliiD Games at tlie Olympic
Grounds To-Day.
THERE are two days which to the students of California universities stand out pre-eminent above all others-
Thanksgiving day— when brawn and strength engage in muscular battle on the gridiron, and a late day in APj" 11 '
when the representatives of both California and Stanford meet on the cinder track for championship honors. This
afternoon at the 01-mpic Club grounds the annual championship field day will draw the students from Palo Alto
and their friends, all flaunting the color that makes bulls mad, and the adherents to the cause of the Blue and Gold
colored and bedecked with the insignia that know no defeat- on the cinder path and no victory on the football field.
Five times have Stanford and California tested their mettle on the athletic field. Out of all these annual con
flicts Stanford's banners are not graced with a single victory. Two years ago when California was bathing in a balm
of anticipated and assured superiority the cardinal heaved out of the deep and the score was tied. This is the only
unction that Stanford has ever laid to its soul in this branch of athletics. There is hope, to-day that the cardinal
may flaunt its terrifying badge over the dead bodies of Its ancient rivals, but it is a hope born of despair and un
alloyed determination. Too much self-assurance and a noli me tangere belief in one's own ability have been the cause
of the undoing of many men and many things. Stanford has worked quietly and unassumingly, shirking nothing and
utilizing every moment to develop a team which will at least satisfy its followers, should it fall to glorify the stand
ards which they bear. There is always a certain air of mystery about the athletic conditions at Palo Alto, and sur
prises often occur for the very reason that people foreign to the university axe very often in a cloud when judging
of the athletic strength of any Stanford ..earn.
On Monday night the composite Berkeley student Jaw dropped several, lnches, but since then it has been raised to
its normal level by the use of a derrick of supreme confidence. Ben Bakewell, the hurdler and high Jumper, in the
last practice of the year, was unfortunate enough to twist his ankle, and now it is very doubtful if he will enter
In any of his events. Bakewell is a remarkable hurdler. At the last annual championship games of the University of
California Bakewell covered the high sticks in sixteen seconds, a phenomenal performance, considering the slowness
of the Berkeley track. He Is also a high jumper of rare ability. In the 120-yard hurdles he was to meet Morgan,
and on this event college students have been rather free with their money, unconscious of that unforeseen power of
chance and accident, and the results of their operation on the genus homo. A whole year of waiting has been en
dured by both Morgan and Bakewell and now there may be no meeting after all. If Bakewell is sufficiently strong
to enter he will do so, but it is not likely that he will run at his best under any circumstances.
Stanford has suffered also, and that by the illness of Dole, foremost among the all-round athletes of the coast.
Dole, pole-vaulter. broad-Jumper, hurdler and high-Jumper, has been seriously handicapped in his training. Contradic
tory stories concerning Dole emanate from the Palo Alto quarters. 5 According to some reports Dole is not himself,
that he is in no shape to undergo the severe trials of an intercollegiate contest: but others will have it that the lugub
rious Dole is physically perfection itself, that he will run the low hurdles fast enough to take the breath away from
the blue and gold men. and that he will skim the bar at six feet in the high jump. To-day will tell the tale.
The following is the order of the events: First and. second heats of the 100-yard dash, mile run. first and second
heats of the 120-yard hurdles, final of the 100-yard dash, mile walk, final of the 120-yard hurdles 220-yard dash
half mile run. first and second heats of the 220-yard hurdles, 440-yard dash, final of the 220-yard hurdles. Field
events- High Jump, shot put, pole vault, broad Jump and hammer throw. The bicycle race has been decided already,
California scoring five points to Stanford's four. The scoring will be five points for first place, three for second and
The resultant noise of Juvenile altercation will be heard In town Saturday morning when the respective merits
of Drum and Brunton are argued. Drum did force Brunton to swallow a series of bitter pills in the three sprints
last year. The question is now will he do it again. Brunton may not be trained to the edge as he was obliged to
quit college for a few weeks in' the heart of the season, but he is certainly out for keeps at present. He may not enter
the 440 but he is very likely to do so. The 100-yard race is what the Stanford men are gambling on. Brunton has no
better 'record in this event than Drum, and he does not possess the stamina of the Berkeleyan. In all the races Drum
has ever run heJias shown the biggest amount of heart. His finishing is his strongest point, and If he is pushed
hard the most hotly contested sprint race ever seen on this coast may be expected this afternoon at the Olympic
Club grounds. The 100 belongs either to Drum or Brunton. but in the 220 and 440 Drum has a shade the better of it.
For third places in these races California will run Woolsey, and Stanford. Birch.
The long distance events will show some pretty work of the crafty kind. The mile run comes before the half-mile,
and this may induce Carrol of California to husband his strength for the latter event, since his particular forte lies
in that distance. Stanford has a man in this event who may give Carrol, with his record of two minutes a disjoint
ing jostle and upset calculation. Walker has covered the distance in 2:03. In actual contest and .with a moving
mark as an index for greater development of speed he may cut some of this down. The mile without Carrol will He
between Smith of Stanford and Tolman of California, unless Jackson surprises the talent. This should also be a
hotly contested event wlthout Bake well will lose a great portion of interest. Should he not run in the high sticks.
Morgan will undoubtedly score five points for the red. Second and third places will be fought out by Dawson of Cali
fornia and Culver of Stanford, with the chances in favor of the blue and gold. The 220 hurdles were a toss between
Dole and Bakewell Again, counting Bakewell out. second and third places will lie between Woolsey and Morgan.
In this case "Woolsey of California will stay out of the 440 to run the hurdles. , . ; • '. .
The last field event the mile walk, offers some good guessing. Walsh of California with some of the best records
made by Western college men has been wrestling with a virulent malaria, and Is not in the best shape. He should
win however despite the assaults of sickness. Lousley, Stanford's new walker, is an unknown Quantity, and just
such a. one as knocks calculations about the heads of the wise ones. WesUrfeld of California, who last year tied
Adams of Stanford for first place, having walked five laps without a shoe and the cinders buried In his foot, is out
for a place. On the other side, to prevent him from doing so, are Lousley and Adams.
Two of the field events look a little as if they were wrapped around with a cardinal blanket. The high Jump
and the pole vault will probably go to the redoubtable Dole, with second In both events for California. Dozier will
enter the high lump, and with Hoffman will tussle for second and third places. The broad jump should go to
Brouehton California- Dole Stanford, second; Brunton. Stanford, or Dozier, California, third. The weights present an
other question. Wool'sey. Gulberson and Fickert promise to come Inside the money In the shot-put. In the hammer
throw Fickert, Guiberson and Greisberg should be the winners.
The iT-yard^ash* Stanford; Woolsey. California; Hlnz. California. Second heat-Drum, Call
f°^£».yar?n^^ Fir?tTeS-BruSon.°Sanford; Woolsey. C."fornia; Hlnz, California. Second heat-Bakewell, Cal-
If^iy^h(.r^° r^r£ a^t-I^ f a2Jord : Da " son ' California. Second heat-Bakewell, California; Morgan,
Stanford- Woolsev, California. Woolsey and Drum; Stanford, Brunton and Birch.
SolySd ,1 1 «h— Call f ornia Woolsey and Drum; Stanford, Brunton and Birch. Brunton, Dlggle. Karsted, Smith, Walk-
Svvard S^SufornS'l^am and Woolsey, McNab and Hinz; Stanford, Brunton, Diggle, Karsted, Smith, Walk-
Cr aI BSO-yar°d Ut run-Californla. Carrol, Brown. Carpenter, Tolman, Jackson, Smith and Squires; Stanford. Walker.
Strout. Smith, Bauer and Williams.
MUe wa'lk-CaHfo'rn/a! Walsn^Westerfeldt and Delashmutt; Stanford, Adams Lousley. Cranston and Wright.
Running high jump-California. Hoffman, Bakewell, Miller, Cooley and Dozier; Stanford, Dole, Morgan, Boyd, Ben
nett> k ump^Calif orni a. Broughton. Parker, McNab. Dozier: Stanford, Dole, Brunton, Culver, Hopper and Symonds.
£ -7^-nnit r-illfornia Hoffman and Mumma; Stanford; Dole and Boyd.
Sixteen-pound shot-put-California, Woolsey. Gulberson. Greisberg. Peck. McDermott and Goodale; Stanford, Fick-
Crt ' Hammer \hr^w-Califo'rnia S ' Guiberson, Greisberg. Hooper and Peck; Stanford. Fickert and Burnett.
?f^ weather is favorable there should be some record smashing. In the 220 and 440, the shot-put and pole
vault something is likely to happen which will set the flags a-waving and the leather-throated collegians a-howling
for all that is in them. A
STRUGGLE FOR
A LITTLE GIRL
The McCalveys Each Have
Great Love for a
Daughter.
Miss Nettie Meyers Wants to Meet
the Politician's
Wife.
Mrs. McCalvey. wife of ■ George . McCal
vey the politician, anticipates a lively
fight over the posse of their four
year-old girl. For several days she has
not taken it out of the house and at
times she has been informed of circum
stances which she considered justified her
in having an officer guard the approach
to the house where she is now living, all
Through her attorney Mrs. McCalvey
has received several notes requesting a
meeting from Miss Nettie Meyers of San
Francisco. Miss Meyers is the woAan
named in Mrs. McCalvey's complaint as
being partly responsible for the estrange
ment between her and her husband.
When the first of these notes was re
ceived Mrs. McCalvey took it to her at
torney and was advised to reply to tin.
effect that she would meet Miss Meyers
at her attorney's office. Miss Meyers de
clined this offer, saying that their meet
ing must be distinctly private, with no
third party present.
More recently a note was received re
questing Mrs. McCalvey to meet Miss
Meyers in the City Hall Park between
noon and 2p. m. Mrs. McCalvey was
advised not to go to the park, but a de
tective who was sent there reported that
Miss Meyers was on time and remained
there till the time set had expired. Mis.
McCalvey and her attorney. Ben Wool
ner are entirely at a loss to conceive
what Miss Meyers can have to ssty at
the desired meeting that could not be
said in the presence of Mrs. McCalvey's
A few nights ago it waa reported to
Mf McCalvey that her husband and
Mi=s Meyers were in this city and that
they would attempt to get possession of
the little girl. Mrs. McCalvey says that
for several hours that evening a hack
stood near Jefferson Park, in the vi
cinity of which she Is now residing, and
she was convinced that it was to be
used for conveying' away the little girl
should the opportunity be presented.
There is no doubt that Mr. McCalvey
has a very pronounced affection for his
child and "will leave no stone unturned
to obtain possession of her. He has
stated that he Is prepared to look afte»
the little one's best interests, and there
is not any reason to doubt that in this
respect he will keep his word. The little
girl is a beautiful child about five years
old. and were it not for her the divorce
proceeding's would certainly be speedlly
rushed through. At the present time the
little girl is kept confined in the house,
her mother being afraid to take her on
the street.
CLANCY TOOK THEM IN.
A Joke That Was Turned on the
Perpetrators.
Some one evidently put up a job on T.
L. Clancy of 137 Ninth street yesterday,
and as a result the gentleman is well
nigh overworked by answering questions
and attending to business at the same
time. Mr. Clancy is the popular secretary
of Division No. 2, A. O. H. Some of his
friends who like a joke spread among the
members of the order the news that he
was organizing an Irish regiment to go
to the front in the present crisis.
The first that Clancy knew of the mat
ter was when a squad of eight stalwart
Hibernians applied and demanded enroll
ment. He thought It a josh until a score
of others had rolled in by 10 o'clock, and
I then, in self-defense, he put out a roll,
and by 6 o'clock in the evening there were
295 names registered.
The subject of the joke belonged to
Company F of the First Regiment, N. G.
I C.. when the railroad strikes were on a
few years ago. He was court-martialed
for killing an innocent pig while he (not
the pig) was on guard duty. The judge
advocate pronounced the accused guilty
as charged, and there waa no appeal.
Sent to Prison for Life.
Kamikichi Tauchi, the Japanese who
shot and killed Mary Costillia on Decem
ber 26 last and was found guilty of mur
der in the second degree by a lenient
jury, was sentenced by Judge Wallace
yesterday to life Imprisonment in the
State penitentiary at Folsom. Tauchi,
who had been llvingr with the woman,
killed her while in a jealous mood.
Died on the Ferry.
Minnie Joe, an Indian girl 14 years old,
died suddenly yesterday on the ferry
steamer Uklah while on the way from
Salem, Or., to the Round "Valley Indian
Reservation in Mendoclno County. The
girl was far gone in consumption and
was in charge of Mrs. Adair, a nurse.
The body was taken to the Morgue in
this city, but the Coroner has waived an
Inquest.
WOMAN'S FATE.
From the Record, Bushneil, 111.
No woman is better able to speak to
others regarding "woman's fate" than
Mrs. Jacob Weaver of Bushnell, 111., wife
of ex-City Marshal Weaver. She has en
tirely recovered from the Illness which
kept her bedfast much of the time for
five or six years past, and says her re
covery is due to that well-known remedy.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.
Mrs. Weaver Is 56 years old and has
lived In Bushnell nearly thirty years.
She Is of unquestioned veracity and un
blemished reputation. The story of her
recovery is Interesting. She says:
"I suffered for five or six years with
the trouble that comes to women at this
time of my life: I was much weakened,
was unable much of the time to do my
own work, and suffered beyond my power
to describe. I was downhearted and
melancholy.
"I took many different medicines. In
fact I took medicine all the time, but
nothing seemed to do me any good.
"I read about Dr. Williams' Pink Pills
for Pnle People, and some of my friends
recommended them highly. I made up
my mind to try
them. I bought
ie first box In
March. 1897, and
as benefited from
he start.
"A box and a
alf cured me
ompletely, and I
am now rugged
nd strong. I have
ot been bothered
!th my troubles
nee I began tak
ng the pills.
"I have recom
mended the pills to many women who
are suffering as I suffered. They are the
only thing that helped me in the trial
that comes to so many women at my
age."' MRS. J. H. WEAVER.
Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 23d day of October, A. D. 1897.
O. C. HICKS, Notary Public.
When woman is passing beyond the age
of motherhood it is a crisis in her life.
Then, if ever, proper attention to hygiene
should be exercised. The attendant suffer
ings will disappear and buoyant health
will follow if Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are
used. •.;
These pills exert a powerful Influence
In restoring the system to its proper con
dition. They contain In a condensed form
all the elements necessary to give new
life and richness to the blood.
Mrs. Jacob Weaver.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
MATINEE TO-NIGHT AND SUN-
DAY. Last Times— The Fascinating
MARIE JANSEN,
Presenting the Comedy Success
"DELMONICO'S AT 6!"
A Happy Blending of Mirth and Melody.
Next Week— Marie Jansen. in "THE NANCT
HANKS."
Coming— ROßEßT MANTELL.
BALDWIN THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY!
To-night and Sunday— Last Times.
HOYT'S LATEST LAUGH LAUNCHER.
A Stranger in New York.
Last Time Sunday.
NEXT MONDAY-
FERRIS HARTMAN in THE PURSER.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
LAST TO-NIGHT!
Grand Opera In Italian of the renowned
prima donna, Mme.
MELBA
Supported by the Damrosoh-Kllts Gramd Opera
Company. Presenting
"LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR."
Prices $7, $6, *5. $4. »3, $2
To-morrow— Sunday— "TßlLßY." At popu-
lar prices, 15c, 25c and 50c. A complete pro-
duction. •
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Grand Reproduction of Scott Marble's Me-
chanical Drama,
THE DIAMOND BREAKER
REALISTIC EFFECTS OF PONDEROUS
/v ; MINE MACHINERY.
The Diamond Breaker at Work.
Thrilling Escape From Death.
Great Scene In the Interior of an Insan*
Asylum.
Strong Cast. Clever Comedy. New Scenio
Effects. '-.;• V. -."
—MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY—
Evening Prices 10c. 25c. 50e
■V
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), APRIL 23.
Parquet, Any Seat, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, Any Part. .. ■.-
LAST APPEARANCE TO-NIGHT OF
HYDE'S ALL-STAR COMEDIANS. HELEN
MORA. Renowned Barytone; McINTYRE . &
HEATH. Black Face Comedians; WILLIAMS
& WALKER, The Real Colored Boys;
CHARLES R. SWEET. The Piano Tramp;
THORNE & CARLTON. Comedy Sketch Art-
ists; LAFAYETTE. Fantastic Mimic.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
THE GLORIOUS SUCCESS.
—SHOUTS OF APPROVAL RECEIVE—
"THE STAR-SPANGLED BANNER."
. . Finale to Act Second.
In Our Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque,
SINBAD THE SAILOR!
NEXT WEEK— SECOND EDITION.
Everything new and up to date.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always open. 'No telephone.
ALCAZAR seat c
r\i-^y^/J-\£^r\l\, MAIN 254.
— o HEAR GERTRUDE FOSTER RECITE o—
"A SONG FOR CUBA."
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT, TO-MORROW, SUNDAY, FARE-
WELL PERFORMANCES OF
THE STRANGE ADVENTURES
OF MISS BROWN — \
Monday Night— L. R. STOCKWELL.
"THE GAY PARISIANS.
Prices 15c, 25c. 35c, EOo
THE WAR HAS BEGUN
AND THE LION, "WALLACE." IS SUB-
DUED BY CAPTAIN CARDONO
Every Afternoon and Evening at the
CHUTES.
10c to All. Including Zoo, etc.; Children, sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1898.
Opening of the Swimming Season.
Open Nights Thereafter.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME— Commencing at
2:30 p. m.
General Admission, 10c; Children. sc.
Bathing. Including Admission— Xso;
Children. 20c.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track.)
Raoing From Monday, April 18, to
Saturday, April 30, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
First Raoe at 2 P. M.
S. P. R. R. TRAINS, 12:45 and 1:15 p. m. DAILY.
Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning Immediately after th«
races. r .'•';/,'■
Kearny-street and Mission-street cars every
three minutes, direct to track without change.
Fillmore-street cars transfer each way.
S. N. ANDROUS. President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
72— ARMY^iTcRACKSI— 72
Old Dogs and Saplings.
BIGGEST ENTRY EVER KNOWN.
Saturday 1 P. M. Sunday 1 1 A. M.
NATIVE SONS' HALL,
MASON STREET.
SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 8 p. m.
—LECTURE ON—
"OUR LORD'S COMING
JAMES B. DAVENPORT, Evangelist.
CATHOLIC APOSTOLIC CHURCH.
Admission free. No collection.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing. Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip, 25c; Children, 15c; Including admission
to grounds. .
—THE STEAMER URIAH—
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m.. 12:10.
I and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m.. 1. 3 and 5 p. m.
MARIA KIP ORPHANAGE.
«7-20-8!"
August in Daly's charming comedy, by the
HISTRIONIC SOCIETY of Trinity School.
BUSH STREET THEATER.
THURSDAY EVENING, APRIL 21.
Saturday Matinee April 23.
Tickets 60c; Reserved Seats. 25c extra. At
Sherman. Clay & Co.'s. April 19 to 23.
SHERMAN. CLAY HALL.
Return engagement, evenings of April 25 and
27 Matinees "'.'th and 30th. LITTLE PALO-
MA SCHRAMM. the child pianist and com-
poser. Seats on sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'»,
commencing April 25. Prices, 50c and $1; chll-
dren, 25c. •
f\r VMDI A I Corner of Miton mi
ul.l jyiri*\ | Eddy SUe9tv
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
SEE MANDOLA AND HIS DOG IN A
GREAT SLIDE FOR LIFE, sensational and
thrilling in the extreme, and a great olio of
specialties. Admission free. -
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg. I
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. £21 California street, below Powell.
Ban Francisco.
910
YACHT SEASON
OPENS AT
NEW SAUSALITO.
To-day the San Francisco Yacht Club
will give the first entertainment in its
new clubhouse at S&usallto. There will
be a reception in the afternoon and a
dance at night The yachts will be dec
orated with flags while daylight lasts, and
at night with strings of lanterns. Commo
dore Dr. T. L. Hill requests all owners
•who hare lanterns to employ them in the
decoration of their yachts. At the dance
the directors of the club will serve as a
floor committee. Supper will be served by
Charley Dexter at 11 o'clock. There will
be an extra ferry-boat from the city at
7:50 p. m.. and from Sausalito at mid
night. On Sunday there will be boat racea
and BWimmlng races, after which the
yachts of the San Francisco fleet will get
under way to escort visiting yachts home
ward. Invitations to be present at the
opening festivities have been issued to all
the yacht clubs on the bay, and it is ex
pected that there will be many visitors.
The Pacific Yacht Club will open the
season at the clubhouse and grounds,
SausaJito, on Saturday, May 7. All yacht
owners are expected to dress their craft,
anchor them off the club grounds and be
prepared to receive guests on board.
Members desiring to lunch or dine at the
club should notify tshe steward at Sausa
lito or the president, commodore or secre
tary in San- Francisco not iui.tr than iviay
6. During the afternoon Sausalito can be
reached by the regular ferry-boats; a tug
will leave the Mission-street wharf at i
p. m. and will return to the city at 11
p. m. Officers and members of all the
yacht clubs on the bay will be welcomed
at the clubhouse on May 7, and will be ad
mitted during the- afternoon and evening
on presentation of their membership
cards.
The Corinthians are busily engaged in
getting ready for their op«.-. <>-
30. The yacht-owners are scraping, paint
ing, varnishing and putting their craft
into readiness for the coming season.
While some of the yachts are ready,
many will not be in sailing trim until the
end of the month. The Thetis and K. It.
l'Hommedieu's Phoenicia came over to
Tlburon last Sunday from Oakland Creek,
where they lay during the winter. The
Phoenicia will remain at Tiburon during
the season, and has taken her old moor-
Ing there. Commodore Carl Westerfeld's
Aeolus baa come off Stone's ways at Tib
uron, and will attend the opening of the
San Francisco Yacht Club, as. also will
the Elia, Frank Bartlett's Queen and pos
eibly the Freda. Ex-Commodore J. W.
Pew's Truant is on Stone's ways, the
Nixie having come off. P. W. Hurndall
has been elected a member of the Corin
thian Yacht Club. Engelbrecht is having
a new boat, about twenty-rive feet over
all, with a weighted keel, built for him !
by the San Francisco Launch Company.
The jinks committee is working hard
to make the opening entertainment on
opening night successful. A rehearsal of
the singers was held on Monday, and of !
the farce on Thursday. For the cruise in i
squadron on May 1 it is proposed to dec- ■
orate the yachts with flags, according .to :
a practice common among British yachts- !
men. Secretary E. B. Lathrop, after an
absence of a month from sickness, has j
returned to business.
The Encinal Yacht Club, at its opening i
night on May 14. will give a vaudeville i
entertainment for members of the club
and their families. Some first-class ama
teur talent, both vocal and instrumental,
has been secured. Some stereopticon
views will also be shown. Yankes or
chestra has been engaged, and proceed- j
ings will probably be wound up with a j
dance. Next day there will be a cruise i
in squadron. General invitations have
been Issued to the commodore and owners '
of the other yacht clubs to be present at j
the opening and join in the cruise.
The club is on a prosperous footing and
expects to get many new members. The '■
directors are active, and the clubhouse
is well attended, the bowling-alley and '•
billiard-tables being much used. Though i
not many of the yachts are yet in com- !
mission, it is expected that all will be \
ready for the opening cruise on May 15.
The programme of the Kncinal Yacht |
Club for the season is as follows: May 14, :
opening day and reception to visiting i
yachtsmen; May 15, cruise with visiting
yachts; May 21, owners' day; May 22* :
open; May 28, owners' day; May 29. cruise I
to witness class (lag race of California j
Yacht Club; May 30, cruise to witness i
Corinthian regatta; June 4, ladles* cruise
to San Mateo; June 5, return lin squadron;
June 11, annual regatta i/.r challenge pen
nant; June 12, open; June IS, cruise to Me- i
Nears Landing; June 19. return; June 25 \
and 26, open; July 2, join Pacific Inter
club Yacht Association's cruise; July 3,
rendezvous at Vallejo; July 4, return i
from Vallejo; July 9, owners' day; j
July 10, open; July 16, annual re
gatta for class flags; July 17
cruise to witness regatta of I California '
Yacht Club; July 23, cruise to Point Pinole '
(clambake); July 24, return; July 30 an
nual up-river cruise; July 31, return of es
corting yachts; August 6, ladies' cruise
to Baden; August 7, open; August 13
ladles' cruise to Goat Island; August 14, j
open; August 20, free-for-all race; August I
21, open; August 27, cruise to Petaluma
drawbridge; August 28, return; September
8 and 4, open; September 5, Labor day
September 9, Pacific Interclub Yacht As- '
sociation regatta; September 10, go-as- i
you-please": September 11, witness small
boat regatta at El Campo; September 17, '
cruise to lower bay; September 18, re- I
turn; September 24 and 25, October 1, 2, i
8 and 9, open; October 15, hunting cruise;
October 16, return; October 22, closing ;
day.
The following yachts of the California
fleet will attend the opening of the San I
Francisco Yacht ' Club to-day: ]•:. N
Walter's Embla, flagship, carrying on I
board the owner. Commodore C. J. Lan
caster, Gibbs and J. Laughland: Director
F. J. Moffltt's launch Augusta 4 , Eugene '
Flanders' launch Arie^: Captain A (' j
Lee's sloop Surprise; captain A. R. Wil
son's yawl Pilgrim; Director Harry j
Brydges' Hope, yawl-rigged; Captain 1
George turn Suden's sloop Regina; Cap- i
tain Frank Langstroth's yawl Lupita- !
Captain George Woodsun's yawl Verona; !
Captain H. S. Pratt's yawl Idler; Cap- |
tain Allen M. Clay's sloop Sea Fox; Cap- I
tain L. S. Sherman's sloop Royal; Cap
tain Jules Hartman's sloop Mascotte
Admiral E. A. yon Schmidt intends to
draw his sloop Whirlwind out on the
beach and to let her moorings be taken
by Secretary G. F. Gaither's sloop U & I.
Director Harry Brydges will soon have
his sloop Hope transformed into a yawl,
and Port Captain Sherry's yawl Gypsie
will be in commission in about two weeks.
The Halcyon will be ready to sail In
beautiful order in about a week. Ex-
Secretary Charles Lorinc and J. J.
Homer have sent in their resignations.
Ellis Sherman will bring the sloop Royal,
formerly Mirth, down to her summer
moorings to-morrow. H. S. Pratt of the
Yawl Idler has returned from Honolulu
and is getting his boat ready for sailing.
Eugene Flanders of the launch Ariel in
tends to get a larger launch, and will sell
the Ariel when his new craft is ready.
Th© sloops Stranger and Mist are out of
commission. The latter is for sale. The
Edna, though she will sail with the Cor
inthians during the season, still keeps
her moorings in the creek, and will lie
at them next winter.
Secretary G. F. Gaither's sloop IT & I
will carry as crew T. E. Gaither, Roscoe
L. Eames and Fred L. Lopp.
EMPIRE GUN CLUB
IS BOOMING SPORT.
The Olympic Gun Club will meet to
morrow on Its grounds at Ingleside, and
some Interesting sport is promised to
those who have a fancy for blue-rock
shooting.
The following communication from the
secretary of the Empire Gun Club is self
explanatory:
Sporting Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: Con
tinuous demands of Empire Gun Club members
for more practice shooting has necessitated the
opening of the Maj-:an trap on the fourth Sun
flay of each month. Members will therefore
have an opportunity of getting in some good
practice before the State shoot convenes, and
also before the monster open-to-all handicap
prize and merchandise shoot, the event of the
year, which the club will hold: at Empire
grounds on Sunday, May 1, -1838. Many valu
able and handsome prizes, among them being ;
a $1000 life Insurance policy with the first year's
premium paid, have been selected for this
great event, and the system of handicapping
will be the fairest that can be had and some
thing entirely new on this Coast.
The regular monthly club shoot will be held
as scheduled, on the second Sunday . of the
month, on May 8, and the large membership
of the club is again promised. . ■
Events and dates of the Empire Gun Club
re 292 9 follows ilagan-trap practice shoot.
April 24; monster prize and merchandise handi
cap shoot. May . 1, and the. regular club shoot.
May 8. : Yours very truly,
J. B. HANER, Secretary. :
The Field of Sport
SPECIAL PRIZES
FOR THE
BENCH SHOW.
Th© San Francisco Kennel Club pre
sents a tempting array of cups, medals
and other trophies for the canine com
petitors for honors, and among others
Adolph B. Spreckels, president of the
club, offers a silver water pitcher, value
?60, for the best St. Bernard; Verona
Kennels silver pitcher for best English
setter, and a silver and cut glass vase
for best pointer. The Golcher cup goes
to the best English setter of opposite
sex to winner of the Verona cup; Pal
ace Hotel crystal and gilt vase for best
collie, and E. A. Wilkee silver cup for
best collie of opposite sex to the winner
of Palace Hotel cup.
H. A. Wegener a silver cup for best
lightweight pointer; Shreve a silver cup
for best fox terrier; H. J. Crocker a sil
ver salver for best cocker spaniel.
Dr. F. W. d'Evelyn an antique Etruscan
vase for best Great Dane.
R. E. de B. Lopez a silver cup for best
greyhound bitch; E. V. Sullivan a silver
cup for the best greyhound, belonging to
the Interstate Coursing Club, and a sil
ver cup for the best greyhound dog; Un
ion Park Coursing Association will give
a cup for the best greyhound bitch; \V.
C. Brown a gold match box for besc
American foxhound; the S. F. K. C. a
club medal for best of opposite sex to
winner or above; J. E. de Ruyter a Ma
jolica and silver pitcher for best l:ish
setter; S. P. K. Club a gold medal for
best of opposite sex to winner of move-
Paciric Mastiff Club a silver mastiff for
best mastiff; Pacific Mastiff Club gold
medal for best opposite sex to winner of
above; Pacific Coast Field Trials Club a
cup for best setter or pointer in held
trial class; S. P. K. Club medal for bebt
of opposite sex to winner of above; P.
A. Williams cut glass and silver tobacco
jar for best bull terrier; S. F. K. Club
gold medal for best of opposite sex to
winner of above; Colonial Hotel silver
and cut glass puff box for best Yorkshire
terrier.
The San Francisco Kennel Club win
present as special prize a medal to each
nrst prize winner in the puppy classes.
Besides these the following clubs do
nate medals to the different breeds fos
tered by them:
Boston .Terrier Club of America and the
Collie Club of America each offer a club :
medal for the best of the respective
breeds.
The California Collie Club offers for
members dogs a gold medal for best Cal
ifornia bred dog and bitch, and a stiver i
medal for best California bred novice and '
same for best California bred puppy. .
♦ The Pacific Mastiff Club offers th«
trophies already mentioned, open to all '
comers and for members of the club only I
the following medals: For best dog an d
best bitch the club's class medals* and <
for best dog and puppy and bitch puppy I
the clubs class medals; for best Califor
nia bred mastiff the club's silver shield
J. P. <•Norman• Norman - secretary, offers silver
medal for second best mastiff exhibitea
by member of the club I
The Pacific Fox Terrier Club offers a
silver medal each for best dog and 1 itch
puppy ame • f ° r beSt dd ° C PUPPy and bitch
Such a lavish display of specials has
rarely been equaled in the East, and the
forthcoming show should certainly draw
a banner entry. »"«*.•»■
The Del Monte kennels are about to
be broken up as George .Crocker
wishes to have his dogs near enough to
New York to enable him to see them
more frequently than he has been able
to do of late years. .-,<•-»
at J " £» 1^? rmai seere tary of the Pacific
Mastiff Club has added to his kennels
the mastiff dog. Major, winner of first
and special at San Francisco in ISJS. This
dog is beyond dispute the finest specimen
of his kind on this coast, and it is a moot
point if he be inferior to Black Peter
Mr. Longest's recent importation from'
England. ,;■;.*,
The St. Bernard Club of California at
their monthly meeting decided not to or
fer any medals or other prizes for com
petition at the San Francisco show. Th» I
club is. reserving its -generosity lor the '
Oakland show, where they expect to
make as large a showing of exhibits as>
last year.
A NEW BARGE
FOR THE
ARIEL CLUB.
The crews of the Ariel Rowing Club
have begun to train for the club regatta
to be held May 15. The senior crew takes
a practice row every other evening. Tho
club has offered a gold medal for senior
Fkiffmen, and another for Junior skiffmen.
It has also offered a medal for senior
scullers In shells. William McAusland,
one of the best scullers of last season,'
will resume sculling this year, and will.
In all probability, wear Ariel colors. Last
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 23, 1898.
OUTCURVES AND
SHOOTS
FROM THE TRACK.
Nothing Is heard nowadays of the
Horsemen's Protective Association. It
caused a big hubbub for a day or so, but
now no granite shaft murks Its resting
place, and on Decoration day kind hands
strewing flowers will forget that it ever
had a real existence. It was the cher
ished scheme of a disgruntled Eastern
trainer, who thought to throttle the
pens of criticizing scribes. It blossomed
In the morn, and nightfall witnessed Us
decease. But it was strange that out in
this far Western country how certain
horsemen became instantly infatuated
with its bylaws and issues. It must not
be construed by this that all who signed
its membership roll were— but some.
When spoken to in regard to the inside
working's of the organization the press
was always mentioned prominently as
something that ought to be attended to,
as it were. Horses are not pieces of ma
chinery. This every one knows. The
honest owner, always out for the long
end of the purse, is never criticized, even
though his horses do train off. A bunch
of losing pool tickets are mute testimo
nials to this fact. One day a stake horse
and another day a "dog." though, will
bring down the wrath of the populace in
any country.
What a pity it is California is not pos
sessed of" a racing institution with the
standing and caliber of the Washington
Park Association of Chicago. When it
was recently announced through the col
umns of the press that there would be a
period of racing at Washington Park this
coming summer the face of every visit
ing horseman, bookmaker, jockey, tout,
hustler, roustabout and hobo was
wreathed in smiles. It is the mecca of
all Western turfmen. There the juice is
not squeezed from the orange and the
peel tossed to the owners— they derive all
the benefit. Eight hundred dollar purses
and $1000 handicaps are what make Wash
ington Park popular. Triere is where you
get a run for your money, turf followers
say. On the conditions of the races can
be read "a fair field and no favor," some
thing that cannot be said of our own
game, where the "magnates" of either
track head the list of winning owners.
It is quite evident that every now and
then officials in the stand overlook the
fact that the public are entitled to some
protection, as well as private individuals,
whether they are race track owners or
not. On Wednesday of the present week
Henry Shields, with leg up on the pro
nounced favorite, Olinthus, a brother to
Diggs, won the Schrelber stake at Ingle
side for two-year-olds. Any sane indi
vidual with eyes not HlTlicted with astig
matism could see that a well defined ef
fort was made to defea.t the favorite by
shutting him off. Taking a desperate
chance, Shields got through next the
rail, and at the finish won easily. In
making his aggressive move Shields was
compelled to tap one rider lightly with
his whip, when hanging half over the
fence. Of course this does not make
pretty racing, but when one's life is in
danger he should protect himself with
the most available means. For this
breach of turf etiquette the rider of
Olinthus was suspended for the balance
of the week. No attention was paid to the
rowdy tactics of the other riders, calling
to one another, "There he comes on the
inside," "Shut him off," and such like.
"Oh, no," they were qldlng for good peo
ple. And this sort of thing will even
tually work the ruin of California racing.
If racing is a rich man's game, it should
be so advertised. If all are welcome to
participate, then all should be treated
alike. Surely the wealthy do not pay
their dollar at the gate. For the most
part, people in possession of money and
position pass through the gates on com
plimentary badges. The middle and
poorer classes support the sport, and for
that reason the poor owner with two
horses should have an equal say with the
owner of a string of twenty. If a firm
with untold wealth at its command in
vests lifty thousand in a stable of horses
TURFMEN WHOSE FACES ARE FAMILIAR TO ALL RACE-GOERS.
year, when stale and over-trained, he was
defeated by Dr. C. C. Dennis, but he has
now a good rest, has gone up in weight
and will make a formidable opponent.
Two crews have been, made ups.to try
conclusions with the Turn Verein crew.
Last Sunday they had a trial spin with
the senior crew and held their -own.
Though comparatively new men, they are
thorough athletes and quick at learning.
An: order for a new racing barge will
probably be given about May 1, but the
boat will not be completed for three or
four months, . bo that it will not be in
time for the regattas early in the season.
The boats that the club now. have arc
rather heavy and of an old-fashioned
type. : :
The Ariel Club has many new members
forty new lockers have been added to the
club house and other improvements made
All the club boats are in good order and
a prosperous . season ;is ■ confidently ex
pected. '• .■■:.:'■: .•"• ' "?
• Last " Sunday.' there, was much activity
it is no more to them than the man with
! meager capital putting his all in the busi-
I ness. "Why should not both take a chance
I alike? If the horses of the former turn
out badly he can buy more; if the latter
loses his stable through mishap he is
"broke." But the sport is not conducted
on that scale, nevertheless.
The former admirers of the crack col
ored rider Lonnle Clayton are disappoint
ed. They cay Lonnie rides with a rein
that was entirely foreign during his
palmy days, displays a lack of vigor in
his finishes, and, it wonikl seem, displeases I
them altogether. The colored chap and i
the master of Hawthorne will hardly get
along well if this be the case.
Jack Reilly of "Jack Tips" fame, it may
surprise many to know, was in his youth
a very handy exercise lad, though he
never sported silk in an actual race. All
old-timers will remember the mare
Monita Hardy, which carried away many i
a purse for "Jim" Brown of Texas, the
turfman killed in Chicago in the eighties.
Jack broke and galloped the mare.
Jockey Spencer came out of the recent
turf Investigation with a laundried shirt
on .and a red necktie, and is now on his \
way East to ride for the Thompsons and
Jimmy Rowe. Spencer is a promising
rider, and if he eats plenty of Tobasco
sauce on his food will make a nnirk. i
Eddie Jones emerged from the same in- I
vestigation with blue overalls and a ;
Bweater. At its termination Preside**
Williams said that Spencer occupied a
seat in the same boat along with Ollie
Johnson and Jones. Possibly Spencer oc- I
cupied the sliding seat Fro:n all ac- i
counts. Spencer told no funny stories
about the bookmakers, but through some, i
hook or crook was reinstated. Although i
no absolute proof was produced that !
Jones pulled horses, he appears deeper In \
the mire than ever. Johnson, if he careVi,
could furnish the public with a chapter of i
very newsy reading regarding bookmak
ers and others, but he prefers to preserve
silence. Perhaps it is better that he does, j
A glance at the steeplechase record at
Ingleeide will show that California
Jumpers did not fare very well, for out of j
about seventeen hurdle and steeplechase
affairs horses owned by Eastern owners ;
topped off eleven of them. There are no
good jumpers in this section of the coun
try, and asking boys to ride the "Uppers" j
we have is only requesting them to take :
a chance on losing their lives. The course
at the local track is a severe one. and
horses of the "crab" species will not do.
Now that some of the selling events j
have a soft aspect, native owners with
any sort of a fair horse are afraid to
make an entry. If a good plater does :
show up it is dollars to a red apple that |
one of the visiting Eastern owners about i
getting ready to depart will gobble him j
up. Eastern owners come out here and j
expect they are entitled to everything '<
In sight, and the managers of the' track i
appear to take the same view. So do the
judges. If a California owner goes to
one of the Middle Western tracks and
grows too talkative he is thrown out of
the gate. That is just the difference.
After George Howson, the veteran
trainer, had fussed along all winter with
a colt named Juggler, he finally started
him. and the youngster won cleverly. W. !
H. Timmons. who tried to make the na- j
tives think he was a jolly good fellow, :
won a swell bet on the colt and then Wd |
up and took him away from Howson. !
Timmons and his purchase are now on :
their way East, and everybody hopes he
will win a bushel of races.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
BOXING PERMITS
FOR SOME CLUBS.
I The Health and Police Committee of the
! Board of Supervisors met yesterday.
; Present: Supervisors Devany, Rivers,
i Rottanzi and Haskins.
The committee voted to report favora
; bly the application of the Occidental
j Handball and Athletic Club for permis
! slon to give an amateur boxing exhibition
I during the latter part of the month, no
license fee to be exacted.
Upon condition that no professional
pugilists be allowed to participate, the
j committee will report favorably the ap
; plication of the Alpine Athletic Club for
| permission to give monthly boxing "exhi
j bitlons at the clubrooms, 28 Golden Gate
j avenue. The resolution will remit the
i license fep.
The application of the Western Addi
tion Athletic Club for a similar privilege
was ordered placed on file.
"THE RED FRONT," 857-559 Market
street, sells "STANDARD" shirts. •
around the quarters of the South End
Rowing Club. Four crews went out for
practice in the barges, the first consisting
of trank Mayo, stroke: Charles Jenkins,
after-waist; T. Harry, forward- waist; W.
Fox, bow, and "Doc" Flynn, cockswain.
The second was made up of J. iZ. Scully,
.stroke; Len Hausler, after-waist: Mat
Breen, forward-waist; James Pallas, bow,
and Robert McArthur, cockswain. The
third crew comprised Dan Connelly,
stroke; J. Bogan. after-waist; George
Lewis, forward-waist; Paul Sturdevant,
bow, and Tom Shortall. cockswain. Of the
fourth* crew Charles Keliey was stroke,
'•harles Creighton, after-waist; Emil
Blumlein, forward-waist, and James Fee
han, bow. Len Hausler and Dr. C. C.
Dennis went out in shells, and James
b oley. T. I. Fitzpatrick, A. H. Melletz and
\\. Barry in skiffs. Len Hausler, the
=ingle sculler, went out for the first time
n a barge crew on Sunday and will prob
ably occupy a seat in the boat per
nanently.
George Lewi?, a member of tnjs senior
COURSING DOGS
ARE AFTER
GOLDEN STAKES.
The coursing at both parks to-day and
to-morrow embraces the largest number
of candidates ever run at one time in the
history of the sport on this coast.
The stakes are identical as to class, an
all-age, open event and a sapling feature
being scheduled at both Ingleside and
Union parks. At Union Park sixty-eight
performers will contest for the coin and
at Ingleside the aggregation of long- tails
includes no less than seventy-two of the
clean-limbed flyers. There will be hot
sport among the leashmen before the last
flag goes up to-morrow night. The run
ning at both parks commences at the
usual hour, with the sapling stake in the
slips.
Many improvements have been made at
Ingleside during the week that will add I
to the sport appreciably. The field has ;
been thoroughly raked and softened. The j
slight knoll at the easterly end has been
leveled down, and the dogs will hereafter I
be slipped from the southeasterly corner.
The running will be thus brought almost \
directly in front of the grand stand.
There will be several performers from '•
Sacramento at Union Park to-day. It
may be that they will land within the
money line, but they will hardly reach
the top.
The all-age stake at Ingleside to-day
embraces some of the best stock that
ever flew over grass. The Initial course '
is between the great Mialmo and Sinaloa.
Connemara is also in the game; so is Pa- I
tria, Mystic Maid, Susie. Log Boy, Glad- !
iator, Firenzl, Seminole, Glenroy and i
many other top notchers.
Mountain Beauty and White Chief
should do some good work at Union Park
this week. None of the Santa Clara
<racks is in this week and the stake I
practically belongs to almost any per
former.
The seventy-two dogs at Ingleside this
week means an unusual amount of
sport. The all-age event with fifty-two
candidates will include two byes and the
sapling event a like number.
The candidates best liked at Ingleside
to-day are as follows: All-age stake —
Mialmo, Lady Blanche, Koolawn, Lady
Hopp, Pet Kirby. Myrtle, Mystic Maid.
Fireball, Glenchloe, Firenzi, Patria, Move
On, Gladiator, Bend Along, Seminole,
Connemara, Nelly B, vigilant, Forget,
Lurllne, Susie, Signal, Log Boy, Her
cules, Right Bower and Senorita.
Sapling stake— Heather Dell, Steam B,
Liberty, Rathbone, Thad Stevens, Match
less, Morning Glory, Marietta, Revolver
and Young America.
The winners at I'nion Park this after
noon should be as follows: All-age stake
—Metallic, Pretender, Eclipse, Sylvia
Van Nida, Firm Friend, St. Alecia, "Mys
tery, Little Dottie, Decorator, Royal
Buck, Jimmy Hope, Rocklin Belle, Ca
milla, Flying Buck, I Wonder, Grazer,
Black Patti, Miramonte, Alma, Hattie
M, Douglass, Tod Sloan, Mountain
Beauty. White Chief, Joy Bells, Obediah
and Terrona. •
Sapling stake— Rest Assured, Motto,
Petronius, Lalla Rookh, Royal Flush
and Flush.
The Call was very successful in its se
lections last Saturday and Sunday at
both of the parks, and those who played
the tips returned home happy.
Of course there will always be an oc
casional course which will destroy the
best laid plans of mice or men. Some
times a very poor hare will be liberated
in front of a brace of dogs, and by a poor
slip or through some unfortunate occur
rence the better dog in all respects is
thrown out. But with good hares, good
slipping and good judging, the fanciers
who keep a good line on the dogs can al
ways count upon success in betting.
Coursing is an honest and decidedly
pleasant pastime when it is conducted in
a straightforward manner, and The Call
takes pleasure In being able to state that
there is ample room for two coursing
parks within easy distance of the city
so long as the managers of the demesnes
will continue as they are now doing to
keep the sport from pollution and above
the finger of suspicion.
crew of the Alameda Boat Club, and Paul
Sturdevant of the Olympic Club visited
the South End club house on Sunday and
were given seats in one of the barge
crews. Dan Connelly, Tom Barry and
Emil Somps visited the club house and
were much pleased with the improve
ments.
The delegates of the Alameda Boat Club
to the Pacific Amateur Athletic Associa
tion are S. J. Pembroke, W. B. Hinchman
and H. W. Maas.
The Alameda Boat Club will hold its
club regatta on Sunday. April 24. There
will be scrub races and a straightaway
race against time in the new barge, also
a race in outrigged skiffs for club uni
forms.
The preliminary heats already held by
the Dolphin Swimming and Boating Club
for the A. B. Treadwell medal for junior
skiffs have been declared off, C. M. Far
rell having refused to claim victory in a
race in which his opponent's chance was
extinguished by his boat being capsized.
The medal will be contested for on May
BABY TROUT
OF THE
PAPER MILL.
There certainly should be a State law
against the capture of baby trout. This
season the streams are so low and clear
that many anglers who whip flies as a
means of capturing trout are depleting
the creeks of their little fishes.
Last Saturday and Sunday, and in fact
during the past week, hundreds of baby
trout were taken from Paper-mill Creek.
One man who could not understand Eng
lish was seen near Tocaloma with half
a basket of trout the largest of which
did not measure five inches; in fact, the
greater number of fishes he had in his
possession were under four inches in !
length.
It is not any wonder, then, that coast
streams are quickly depleted of the j
finny inhabitants when so-called anglers
are allowed by law to take and kill trout
that are not even fit for table use; but ]
until an anglers' club is formed the de
struction of baby fishes will continue and
the sport will become annually worse.
Last Friday week the men who are in
charge of the Olema hatchery drew a
net through the White House pool at
Point Reyes, thereby destroying the sport
which anglers enjoyed up to that time.
The netters failed to capture any large
steelheads, as the big fellows which were
recuperating in the deep pool had taken
their departure for the ocean during the
warm wave which visited us a few weeks
ago. But the net alarmed the small trout,
many of which immediately departed for
the ocean.
The hatchery men should at least show
some respect for the angling fraternity
and leave network for trout alone after
the angling season opened. There is,
however, tairly good fishing to be had
at the Point for those who understand
the art of fly-casting, but the bait fish
ermen might just as well remain at home
until next winter.
Mr. Monroe of Fortirha is on a visit
to this city. He states that anglers are
having gala sport on Eel River catching
small steelheads by means of fly-cast
ing.
W. E. Brooks, the dentist, has hit upon
a new idea in the way of arranging a
spinner, which he guarantees will prove
death to large trout. Anglers who have
whipped the Brook spinner contend that
it is all that the maker claims for it.
Harry McMurchy and Phil Beckart re
cently returned from the north fork of
Eoi River. Among the large numbers of
small trout the sportsmen brought to
creel during their stay on the river, they
state positively that they had a 37-inch
"cutthroat" that weighed 14Vz pounds; a
32-inch steelhead that weighed 9^i pounds;
a 31-inch "Eastern brook" trout that
weighed IOV2 pounds, and a "California
brook" trout that scaled 7*u pounds.
The fact of the matter is that all of the
fishes caught were steelheads. It is
doubtful if the gentlemen can tell the
difference between a cutthroat trout and
a rainbow trout, notwithstanding that
they may be experts at the trap.
An excursion under the management of
J. E. Locke will run on Sunday from this
city to Cazadero and return; $1 50 for the
rouml trip. The train will meet the 8
o'clock a. m. boat at Sausalito.
INTERESTING GAMES
IN THE BALL COURTS.
The following games of handball will
be played at the San Francisco court on
Howard street to-morrow:
L.. Waterman and E. McDonough vs.
J. R. Bookman and D. J. Sheehan.
J. Dowling .and M. Magtiire vs. E. Cur
ley and M. McLaughlin.
J. Collins and E. Toy vs. R. Murphy and
J. White.
M. Dillon and G. Hutchlnson vs. P.
Hutchinson ajid A. Pennoyer.
P. Ryan and M. Basch vs. E. Barry
and R. Housman.
J. Riordan and E. Maloney vs M J
Kilgallon and P. Donnelly.
J. C. Nealon and R. Llnehan vs. T. F
Bonnet and A. Hampton.
?nin£i Ca , shlan,' a good oarsman, has
joined the club again, and will doubtless
innhl g °°^ ser , vice - He stands 5 feet 10%
inches and weighs 180 pounds.
h^= f,^r iton Swimming and Boating Club
has now. perhaps for the first time in its
™™ZZi'\ full list of members. It has a
Ipv. ent ♦u Club house at the foot of
flS«f "worth street and . a steadily in
creasing stock of boats. It owns two
,i«V,k"i ars " four outrigged - skiffs, four
double sculling gigs and three shells. The
officers for 1898 are as follows: President,
Char es Hess Jr. ; captain, Dan H. Ever
ett: lieutenant, W. E. Hess; recording sec
t«k.T j V»t -;, * Coffin; financial secretary,
John \\. F. Peat; treasurer. A. Bering;
trustees. J. Clinton, L. C. Kelton and A.
Schuppert.
T} Se c " or eight members of the Olympic
Boat Club were over at Tiburon on Sun
?£ y •?* sev eral others have expressed
their . intention of I taking : up rowing : this
season. ..Fred "Schmidt went out in his
outrigged skiff and two new members
PREPARATIONS FOR
THE CYCLE
RELAY RACE.
The course for the annual 100-mile relay
race around the bay, which takes place
this year on Sunday. May S, has been re
measured and changed in some particu
lars, this work having- been done by the
road racing committee of the California
Associated Cycling Clubs during the past
week. The start will be at McAllister and
Larkin streets, instead of Tenth and
Market, as heretofore. Thence down
Larkin to Ninth. Ninth to Folsom, to
Twenty-second, to Potrero avenue, turn
ing to the right past the City and County
Hospital to Twenty-third, turning left up
Twenty-third to Nebraska and the San
Bruno road.
From here on the route is the same aa
before, following the county road to San
Jose, covering the second, third, fourth
and fifth relays. The sixth, through San
Jose, has seen some changes, but from
there on to the finish the course is the
same, except that the finish in Alameda
is different, terminating on Central ave
nue, opposite the dwelling house No. 2525.
between Pearl and Regent streets, on the
left-hand side of the avenue.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen and the
Bay City Wheelmen are botn still In
doubt as to a of the men who are en
titled to places on their teams, and will
hold tryouts to-morrow to finally decide
the question. The Olympics will take the
third relay, a ten-mile stretch from San
Mateo to Monlo Park. The Bay Citys will
cover the five miles lying between San
Leandro and Haywards.
The Eneinal Cyclers are training as
siduously for their five-mile road race on
May 1. Captain Curtis expects fully
i twenty-five entrants. The run last Sun
day to Piedmont was well attended.
The San Luis Obispo Wheelmen,
through the C. A. C. C. local consul, J.
M. Tracey, have applied for a sanctioq
for two eight-mile road events to be held
on May 1.
The Garden City Wheelmen are making
extrusive preparations for their barbecue
j and general wheelmen's jollification, to be
| held at Alum Rock Park on May day. AH
[ the San Francisco and Alameda Count/
clubs have been invited.
Captain W. L. Loos will conduct a club
run of the Olympic Wheelmen to Red
wood City to-morrow to witness tha
club's road race. Leave club house at 3
a. m., passing Twenty-second and Fol
som at 8:30. The regular members' meet
ing will ,be held next Tuesday evening.
The Bay City Wheelmen had an enjoy
able time at the Tlvoli last Wednesday
evening, when 78 of the members attend
ed a theater party in honor of "Bob"
Mitchell, the local favorne now appear*
ing there.
Captain Larkin will take a club run
over on the 9 a. m. broad gauge boat to*
morrow to see the club's road race at
Haywards.
A. R. Cunha, the popular wheelman and
ballplayer, will leave for Honolulu In a
fortnight on a three months' trip.
W. A. Terrill, "Our Bob," the well
known local professional, has been en
gaged by the American Cycle Racing As
sociation of New "iork to captain one of
their big quad, teams that will pace
Michael. Charley Wells, also of Califor
nia, will have charge of another. Wells
is now in New York, and Terrill will
leave here about May 7.
A. P. Deacon, captain of the Reliance
Wheelmen, and A. T. Smith of the En
cinal Cyclers, are matched for a five-mile
paced race at the JClmhurst track to
morrow.
A reader of The Call sends in the fol
lowing interesting communication to thi3
column regarding the trip to Spanishtown
as given in a local paper last Sunday:
CITY, April 21, 18a8.
To the Cycling Editor of The Call— Dear Sfr:
One of your contemporaries started a pretty
good idea last Sunday, stating that it had es
tablished a touring department, to give par
ticulars' of rides around San Francisco, with
maps, etc. "The mafis will be more accurato
than any in existence," says your contempor
ary, and then publishes its first map, which
in plac*^ is so inaccurate that a stranger would
be hopelessly lost if he tried to follow it. This
map was evidently drawn irom some old map,
and could never have been very correct. Thera
is no excuse for this, as an up-to-date and cor
rect map of most of the ground covered can
now be had for a cents from the United State*
Geological Survey. In the newspaper map en
closed the number and positions of the Spring
Valley lakes are all wronn, as you will see
from a rough tracing of the United States map
also enclosed.
I would also make the following criticisms
on the description of the trip to Spanishtown:
First— The place mentioned as Baden is gen
erally known as South San Francisco.
Second— A large part of the road from Six-
Mile Hill to San Mateo is not excellent going
at present, being nearly impassable between
San Bruno and Millbrae. owing to the laying
of new pipes, and at all times it is indifferent.
Third— At Uncle Tom's you keep straight on.
the main road, aa the road to San Andreas
turns out at right angles.
Fourth— For the dam across Lake San An
dreas, five miles away, read: "Causeway acroe»
the Crystal Springs I-ake."
Fifth— On the return journey the directions
should be: •'Cross over the big- cement dam
(Crystal Springs) and proceed along the east
shore of lake to head of same, up lane to San
Andreas dam. across same and up to the ridga
and along same to near the head of lake, then
down to Uncle Tom's Cabin," the distance
from the cement dam to Uncle Tom's being
fully 8% miles, instead of 3% as given In tha
paper.
Finally, any person well acquainted with th»
country' would advise the trip being taken tha
reverse way to that recommended, as it is all
up hill and against wind from the cemeteries
in to the edge of the city.
I might add that such a' trip of seventy miles,
considering the country over which it Is taken
Is far beyond the powers of a "comparative
novice." to whom it is apparently recom
mended. NO. 162.402, L. A. W.
R. C. Lennie, the popular tire expo
nent, will leave on Monday for a six
weeks' trip through Oregon and Washing
ton. "
Some good cycling events will be held
at San Rafael on Friday afternoon. May
6, in conjunction with the rose festival
The races will be a ten-mile handicap
over the Greenbrae course, a two-mile
Handicap, a one-mile handicap and a half
mile scratch for boys under 16 years En
tries close May 3 with M. F." Cocnrane
chairman of the cycling committee of the
rose carnival, at San Rafael, from whom
full particulars may be had. It would
probably have been better to have held
these events on the following day Satur
day, May 7, as most of the riders who
would enter are amateurs, who could
easily attend on Saturday but might find
it hard getting away Friday afternoon.
It is not unlikely that the management
may make tnis change.
H. W. SPALDIXO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GUNUINE HUNYADI WATER
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOR
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LJVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, «ure, gentle." hrUUhMedicaUournal
CAUTION: See that the label bear* the signo
tare of the firm.
Andreas Saxlehner.
STERLING BICYCLES
Are Made to Wear, and You Can Get Them
for All Prices.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.,
404 Battery St.,
Western Agents.
The Helios Automatic Gas Lamps are the
pnly safe and perfect lamps on the mar-
ket. Call in and see them.
A. C. MCHOLS $ CO.DID PRESIDENT DOLE
PAY NEWSPAPER MEN
HERE FOR HIS BOOM?
(From Honolulu Independent, April 13.) /
President Ooi? was sent to Washington by the Council of State to further the scheme of annexation. The coun- J
cil violated its authority by appropriating $10,000 for the trip. The opposition to the republic and to annexation said <
nothing, knowing that the appearance of Mr. Dole in Washington at that moment would materially help in the efforts (
of defeating the annexation scheme. . (
- Ml - ! :SO Into details. His Minister of Finance simply furnishes the following report: (
Steamer and railroad transportation, (2322 50; hotel bills, $816 56; entertainment. $847 20: Maine relief fund, $500; in
cidentals, J227C «{: total. M 762 75, leaving a balance which has been placed to the credit of the Government.
More than $2000 was paid for Incidentals. As a matter of fact, are not expenditures included in this amount, <•
which would n« ver be tolerated by the taxpayers? Is it not true that Mr. Dole paid $500 to certain newspapers in (
Ban Francisco to "boom" him. Walter G. Smith of the San Francisco Chronicle probably knows more about that (
dial than the legislators who simply say "yes and amen" to everything Mr. Dole does. The taxpayers who have to (
pay $7000 for Mr. Dole's trip want to see every voucher for every expenditure of the President during his junketing
lition. The people have become somewhat suspicious. They did not intend to pay for the trip of the wife of (
Mr. Dole, nor did they authorize him to give a donation on their behalf to the Maine sufferers and allow him to take <
the credit for the irift. c
YELLOW FAKERS
AT HONOLULU
Get Out an Extra Saying
Uncle Sam "Will Grab
Hawaii.
Admiral Miller Also Made to
Say That He Went to For
cibly Annex the Islands.
Dole's Contribution to the Main© Fund
Was Out of the Money Given
Him for Expenses.
al ('"rrospondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, April 14.— The evening
military annexation organ Btartled the
town for an hour nr two this afternoon
with the announcement that the Ameri
can flap was to be hoisted over Hawaii
trow morning, and gave as its in
mt "apparently highest authority."
lurse there was not the slightest
lation of truth in the Btatement. The
.! correspondent Immediately inter-
I President Dole, and also ascer
tained from Minister Sewall that no such
■ a contemplated, nor was it
contemplated except the Instructions and
conditions to be received on the lath re
quired forcible annexation. They both
regarded the announcement as absurd
and mischievous.
All who have the pleasure of the ac
of Admiral Miller know how
vi ry discreet a naval commander he is
■ :.i he is in the expres
sion of an opinton relative to the deli
tiited States to
.:i. Imagine, then, the surprise of
the community when an evening journal,
accredited with being the semi-official au
tomaton of the administration here, pub
lished the following:
Admiral Miller said yesterday afternoon that
he was in Honolulu for the purpose of annex
ing the islands to the United States. The re
mark was made voluntarily and without re
bt-rv to a Government official. At his town
residence the Admiral was asked what he
thought of the Cuban situation. This he de
clined to discuss, but a moment later added:
•My. chief concern Is right here. I am here
to annex the Sandwich Islands, and will not
leave until that Is acomjiHened."
The annexationists were jubilant and
expected to see the stars and stripes
raised at once, but the "antis" regarded
the statement as a hoax. The admiral
declined to take any notice of the pub
lication locally, except to emphatically
deny its truth to a personal friend who
desired him to make a public statement.
To The Call correspondent, when shown
the article, the admiral said: "You may,
if you will, say that Admiral Miller an
solutely declined to speak on that sud
ject. "He wilt not even deny its truth.
He will discuss with you on any other
topic you may please, but on this and
his otiicial duties here he will remain
silent. To that extent and no further
please state that."
When it was suggested to him that the
absence of an emphatic denial, such as
It was understood he had made to an in
fluential friend, might give an opportun
ity to those who were not aware of his
habitual caution in conversation on Ha
waiian matters, to exert a prejudicial ef
fect, he pleasantly replied: "1 must take
that risk; 1 cannot discuss the matter."
The Call correspondent is Informed that
the basis for the alleged statement of
the admiral was a conversation in which
he is alleged to have eald that the clim
ate of Honolulu did not suit him as well
as that of other places, it being too hot,
but that he was here to annex Hawaii
when the circumstances justified it, and
he was ordered to do so, and the sooner
that was done the better be would feel
pleased, personally, so that he could go
to a cooler place. And yet the admiral's
most intimate friends, even over the hos
pitable board, fail to remember even th«,
approachment to such Indiscretion.
Another sensational incident occurred
yesterday in the Legislature, when the
Minister of Finance presented the fol
lowing statement of expenses incurred in
President Dole's lobbying journey to
Washington. It will be seen that $0763 15
were expended out of the Council of
State's appropriation of $10,000.
Etcamer and railroad transportation. ..s2,322 50
Hotel bills Sl6 66
Entertainment 847 20
Maine relief fund &00 00
Incidentals 2,276 &0
. ' 16,763 15
One item in that account has brought
deep humiliation on the community and
has given rise to angry and unpleasant
comment. It has been generally accepted
by all here, as well as probably in the
United States, that the donation of $500
was a personal gift from President Dole
to the Maine disaster relief fund. The
discovery that this was really an unau
thorized and plcayunish Rift from the
taxpayers of Hawaii, under an uninten
tional semblance of false pretenses, while
there was a balance of over $3000 unex
pended, hurts our pride and afflicts our
sympathies. Had the President given $2500
in our name we would have indorsed his
action right heartily. As it is, friend and
foe alike are belaboring him with cudgels
of contumely. A demand for details of
the expense* has been made.
There was still another incident in the
Senate yesterday which may lead to an
other conflict With the administration. It
arose out of the registry of vessels bill.
Senator Waterhouse presented the follow- j
ing resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Minister of Foreign Af
fairs be requested to furnUh for the use of the
Senate copies of any and all correspondence
had between the covernniPntH of the United
States and Hawaii on the subject of the regis
tration of foreign vessels under the Hawaiian
flag.
A brief explanation is necessary to un
derstand the motive of this resolution. In
the very high-handed and dictatorial
manner in which Minister Cooper has
sought to thrust his bill down the throats
or the legislators "In ten days" he has
Invariably claimed that he is merely fol
lowing the behests or almost demands of
tOe Government of the United States.
ft»no« mere **?*■ of such a conservative
Senator as ,. Henry WaU-rfiouse moving
\iiri a ,'T tlon is , re &ardcd as a proof that
Minister ( per is not believed either by
the supporters of the republic or by the
people. There is, however, a very strone
Inclination on the part of most men con?
yersant with affairs to believe that the
United States Minister. Harold M. Sewall
lays himself open to the charge of beinK
an Interested adviser in this matter It
Is unfortunate that his family connections
are closely allied with shipbuilding Hrms
It in with the object of asceftalnUie
whether it is the United States Sccretar£
of State or the United States Minister 7t
Honolulu who is the secret promoter of
our Minister of Foreign AffaTw uhn-
Senate, the supporters of the President
have carried this resolution. resiaent .
That there is a strong desire to oust
Minister Cooper from the Cabinet is no !
longer doubted, but it is doubtful whether
Dla ambitions will not be too strong for •
his opponents. The rumor has been re- !
vived with gathering strength that on hia ,
return to Honolulu .Mr. Hatch will resign
his po6t at Washington to return i" n.«
Foreign Office; but this is doubted.
A very serious charge of malfeasance
by neglect has been brought against the ]
administration of the republic, and one
rwhieh may lead to very costly litigation
through the executive's neglect. Genera]
Alfred S. Hartwell, the attorney for the I
Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany, has brought the matter to the no
tice of the Government in the case of the i
extension of the landing in Kahului har
bor. One of the acts of tne Monarchical
Legislature of ISS2 was to pass a very im
portant bill, which had been discussed for
some years, requiring the Minister of the '
Interior "to prepare a schedule of all
landings in the kinngdom and to ascertain
the title 01 the Government to the same
and the easements and rights of way
therein vested in the public," and further
as soon ns the schedule of landings in
which the rights of the public are not
disputed is reaay, the said . minister shall
publish such schedule in the English and
Hawaiian languages; and shall, from time
to time, publish the names of the land
ings and easements which shall have
been determined by the courts to be vest
ed in the public."
Owing to the Government being too
much Interested in annexation, revolu
tions, establishing an armed force in the j
time of peace and administering strong ;
dopes of cooly labor to the dyspeptic '
sugar b.irons. this act has been totally
Ignored, and as Is customary in such
cases tho people and not individuals or
corporations will be the losers.
John I,ota Kaulokou, the Speaker of the
House of Representatives, has been at
death's door with pneumonia, and is even
now in a somewhat critical condition.
Many Hawaiians regard it as a curious
coincidence of fatality that he should
have been struck down with an almost
fatal illness immediately after his ex
traordinary vote against the measure in- |
creasing the number of representatives.
The I ntted States ship Mohican has had
n severe spell of measles on board, but
there have been no casualties, and condi
tions have improved. As this is a very
deadly disease among Hawaiians the
greatest precautions of quarantine were
takt-n to prevent i.ie disease being
lr.u;ght ashore, and no land cases have
been reported.
A few days ago at Oahu plantation two
Japanese" got in front of a car loaded
with twenty barrels of cement moving on
a down grnd.-, and thought that they,
with the assistance of six others at the'
rear end. could hold the car from moving
too rapidly. The result of this foolish ex
periment was disastrous. They both died
after great suffering, being horribly
mangled.
The Council of State, after two sessions.
■ :. S turday last decided to commute the
death sentence of Kaio, an accessory be
fore the fact to the murder of the late
Dr. Jarrad K. Smith, brother of the At
torney General, to life imprisonment. < >n
Monday last his 21-year-old son Kapea
was executed in Oahu goal as principal
in the crime in the presence of thirty- ■
seven persons.
BANDIT BOOTY
NOT RECOVERED
Vain Search for the Mail That
Was Stolen at Oro
Grande.
Report at San Eernardino That Train-
Robber Jones' Wound Has
Proved Fatal.
Special Dlppatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, April 22.— Dis- I
trict Attorney Daley is on the desert
looking up evidence against the Oro
Grande train-robbers. Although about \
forty-five registered parcels were car- I
ried off by the robber who fled when
Jones was killed, and who is believed
to be Bennington, not even a scrap of
paper has been recovered. Circum
stances indicate that the robber re
ceived outside aid. When the posse
made a blind by starting for Victor, as |
though giving up the search in Oro |
Grande, it was absent only a short j
time, but when it returned Benningrton
had been home, changed his clothes
and gone to town, two and a half mi'.es j
away, and given himself up to a friend, i
in order that the friend might get a '
reward. The general belief is that oth- |
ers implicated had him in hiding; hence!
the arrest of Chilson and Casner, the j
latter owning the saloon in which Ben- !
nington was found.
A telegram from Oro Grande this
evening says that both of the horses
and Jones' clothes were found oppo
site the scene of the hold-up and two
miles from town. One horse was tied.
Near by, hidden in the brush, was
found Jones' every-day clo-thes. hen
shot he had on a shirt, blue overalls,
a black, coat and a hat as a disguise.
Both men had evidently thus disguised
their clothes, as trainmen said after
seeing Bennington in Jail that he an
swered their recollection of the ap
pearance of the second robber except
a* to apparel.
After changing: clothes the robbers
rode to the place where they expected
to hold up the train, and then walked
to Oro Grande and boarded the over
land. When Jones was shot, Benning
ton got the horses, went to the hiding
place, got his clothes, and tied Jones'
horse and turned his own loose, it be
ing found in a pasture five miles away.
Where he spent the day and secreted
the registered mail is yet a mystery.
It is now probable that the examina
tion of the robbers will not be held
here. The recent escape of a Federal
prisoner — A. M. Williams, the black
mailer—from the county jail prejudices
the authorities against the officers
here, and Commissioner Cnle will
transfer the cases to Los Angeles. That
is the reason all the suspects were tak
en to Los Angeles last night. Chilson,
Casner and Bennington claim they can
prove an alibi and exonerate them
selves when the time comes. No other
warrants have been issued to-day.
It is reported here to-night that Jones
has died from the effects of his wounds.
Destruction of a Dwelling.
LAKEPORT. April 22.— Early yesterday
morning the house of H. N. Brown In
Scotts Valley was burned, with Its con
tents. The family barely escaped with
their clothes. The loss is $1000, which is
partly covered by Insurance.
The fee-simile y^T^ ' VZ32£3^ to on every wrapper
signature of &&*'££v£&£3& \ of CASTOKIA.
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 2H, 1898.
JAPANESE YET
FLOCKING IN
Over Eleven Hundred Are
Landed in Hawaii by-
One Steamer.
Facts to Show Annexation
Will Not Remedy the
Labor Problem.
President Dole Believes That the
Islands Must Be Uncle Sam's
Ally During the War.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, April 14.— Eleven hun
dred and seventy-six Japanese entered
the port of. Honolulu yesterday to work
as contract laborers on plantations.
Surely that As rather a startling num
ber for Hawaii to receive in one day.
Of this number 576 were brought by the
steamer Braemar and 600 by the Rio
Janeiro. They equal in number just
double Hawaii's civil and military
forces, and out of this horde only one
tifth are women. And still they are
coming, but the white laborers are not
in spite of the contract of the planta
tion managers to import a certain per
centage of white labor In proportion to
the coolies brought here.
Moreover, the penal contract labor law,
which was introduced merely to eatcli
annexation votes In Congress, is practi
cally pigeonholed In the Legislature, for
it has llie strenuous opposition of wealth
and influence, both social and political,
and is doomed.
In the face of the untruthful statements
of the subsidized annexation press, The
Call Is doing excellent service In calling
the attention of America's workingmen
to these Tacts. Let them remember that
annexation will not remedy the labor
problem in Hawaii. It will only remove
the responsibilities, with their opportuni
tleafot indirectly and illegitimately amass
ing wealth, from the Dole Government to
that constructed by Congress, and to be
compostd, probably, of strangers to the
necessities and conditions of the country,
and of men who will eventually be guided
very materially by plantation influence.
The news of imminent or impending war
Is received here with intense interest,
and there are two factions, even in the
cabinet, in the consideration of the duty
of the Hawaiian Government in the
event of war being declared. It Is gen
erally understood that President Dole
holds that as the Hawaiian Senate has
practically ceded Hawaii to the United
States he must be guided by the advice
of the United States Government, through
Its resident Minister, in his actions, and
that he must not issue the customary
neutrality proclamation. He appears to
consider that we have, in our dealings
■with the United States, become her ally
offensive and defensive, and lost our sov
ereign rights as an independent State
This is probably Lorrin A. Thurston's
mandatory advice.
They who demand, in the event of war
the issuing of a proclamation of neutral
ity, pointed out how defenseless we are
even at the present moment, with only
the U. S. S. Bennington and Mohican *ih
port, in the event of an inimical fleet
attacking us. We have no fortifications
and only a few hundred of armed men
but worse than all we are not a food pro
ducing country. Our supplies are almost
entirely drawn from abroad. An effective
blockade would practically starve us out
within six or eight months. The horrors
of war would be supplemented, as in
Cuba, by the ravages of starvation. Of
course, we all feel until the war bi^ins
that the god of battle would never per
mit the American forces to meet with
even a temporary reverse, and that -with
the rapidity of the lightning's flash the
Hawaiian Islands would be promptly sur
rounded (on paper) by an invincible
I.nited States naval force and springing
up mysteriously like Cadmean teeth"
As the Cabinet has not decided upon
any action, and is waiting for news we
also must await their decision.
The coaling of the United States war
vessels at this port Is an interesting
question. It is noticed that seriously ex
aggerated statements have appeared in
the American newspapers as to the quan
tity on hand. There Is enough for a
few months to supply the wants of our
local inter-island marine and our trans
pacific steamers, and a small quantity
belonging to the United States Govern
ment, but no one can correctly say that
there is a large surplus over our require
ments. The Call's correspondent has heen
furnished with an estimate which is ap
proximate, but not quite accurate. That
gives the figure at 12,000 tons, all told
in the country. There are three vessels
on the way with about 3500 tons, but they
may not reach here. It Is secretly under
stood thaf at least one large firm has
entered into a conditional contract to
supply the United States all that it con
trols—about 3000 tons— but even that
amount, in conjunction with the quanti
ties disposable of by others, will not be
sufficient to make this a reliable coaling
depot for a fleet In active service until
the supply is greatly increased.
BURIED UNDER TONS
OF CAVING EARTH.
Death of a Workman Employed on
the Fortifications at Lime
Point.
SAUSALTTO, April 22.— Michael Morri-
Bey, a workman employed on the forti
fications at Lime Point, met an awful
death at about 11 a. m. to-day, being
buried under ten tons of earth. The
workmen were all engaged in making an
excavation for a powder magazine when
tha accident occurred, and Morrlsey stood
near the side of the excavation, which at
that time was about twelve feet in depth.
The whole wall fell on him. With all
possible dispatch his associates shoveled
the earth away and reached the lifeless
body in about thirty minutes. It was
removed to Sausallto and in the after
noon an autopsy was held by Deputy
Coroner Pryor. The Jury returned a
verdict of accidental death. Dr. H. J.
Crumpton made an examination of the
body and discovered that death was in
stantaneous, the spinal, column having
been broken and internal Injuries re
ceived.
Morrisey was a native of Irci tnd, aged
25 years, and lived at 917 Broadway, Oak
land.
DEATH CALLS
ISAAC N. HOAG
Pneumonia Causes the
Passing of Redlands'
Postmaster.
Was a Forty-Niner and Dug
for Gold on Horse
shoe Bar.
Held Many Positions of Trust and
Helped to Make Cal.fornia
History.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDLANDS, April 22.— Isaac N.
Hoag, aged-76. Postmaster of this city,
died yesterday of pneumonia, after an j
illness of a week. He was a native of I
Wayne County, N". V., but came to Cal- j
ifornia with the '49ers. He dug his first
gold from Horseshoe Bar in the Ameri- j
can River on July 4, 1849, but remained
in this occupation but a few months.
He was subsequently in the mercantile
business; a ferryman at Sacramento in i
1860, where he amassed a fortune from
the hordes of cattle he ferried over the
river, and then lost It all through com
petition; a member of the California
Legislature in 1S61: a Judge in Yolo
County in 1562. and then for ten years
secretary of the State Agricultural So
ciety, drafting the bill making it a
State Institution.
In IS7O Mr. Hoeg was made agricul
tural editor of the Pacific Rural Press
and later held the same position on the
Sacramento Record-Union and the San
THE LATE ISAAC N. HOAG
Francisco Bulletin. He was secretary
of the State Anti-Debris Association in
1881 and ISS2, and was immigration
commissioner for the Central Pacific
and Southern Pacific railroads from
ISS3 to- ISS6. In ISS6 he came to Red
lands as one of the pioneers and has
been active in developing 1 the city,
especially its orange industry and
water.
On February 15, IS9S, Mr. Hoag was
nominated to be Postmaster of Red
landp. He Was immediately confirmed,
and took office on March 27. A week
ag-o he was attacked by pneumonia
and later complications.
Isaac Newton Hoag was a man of
strong mind, energetic, public-spirited
and progressive. He had a twenty-five
acre orange grove here and a fine resi
dence, but was not free from debt.
STARTS A FIRE
WHILE INSANE
A Napa Woman Causes
the Destruction of
a Barn.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, April 22.— A sad case of in
sanity developed here this afternoon.
Miss Winifred Mullen, the oldest
daughter of Thomas Mullen, who re
sides north of Napa, suddenly became
violent and acted strangely. Her
father's entreaties that she be quiet
were in vain and it soon became ap
parent that assistance must be ob
tained. Mrs. Mullen, the young wo
man's mother, was down town, and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ + ♦♦•♦■♦♦•
I Don't I
: Call the Druggist:
: A Fool! I
♦ He don't pay commissions 4-
♦ to doctors from his own 4-
4- pockets, oh, no! He makes 4.
4- you pay it, by adding it onto 4.
4- the price of the prescHp- T
4. tlon— soc for the prescrip- "T
4. tlon itself. 50c commission "*"
. for the doctor, total you 1
t pay,sl. ♦
Z_ We sell you the v same ♦
"*" prescription for 50c, be- "♦"
♦ cause we pay no commis- >
•♦■ sion. We make as much >
4- profit as he does, you get >
4- the same identical article 4-
4 that your doctor pre- 4
4. scribed, and you save 50c 4.
4. by coming to us. We carry 4.
4. everything in the Drug line T
J 1 at the very lowest-prices. 7
: NO PERCENTAGE DRUG C 0,,:
4- 949-951 MARKET ST., bet. 6th and Bth. 4.
♦ 44-4444-444444444 +
WI'PH'IHJfI
HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- ■
Colored Spots, Achea, Old Sores, Ulcers ■
In Mouth, llalr-Falllns? Write COOK KEM-N
EDYCO., 213 - MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI-N
CAGO. ILL., for proofs of cures. Capitol
$400,000. Worst cases cured in lit to 86 day a. ■
100-pa^e book free. , . . ■
while Mr. iMullen was telephoning for
the Sheriff the unfortunate girl set fire
to the dwelling in six different rooms
at the same time. Not content with this
she ran from the house which she was
attempting to destroy and touched a
match to the hay in the stable upon the
premises. So quickly did the flames do
their work that the barn was in ashes
before an alarm of i.. - c could be turned
In.
Upon the arrival of the officers the
young woman fought strenuously, but
was overcome and conveyed to the
County Infirmary pending an examina
tion as to her mental condition. Mr.
Mullen is an employe of one of the
Xapa tanneries and has lived In Napa
for a number^bf years and he is at a
loss to account for the strange mis
fortune of his daughter, inasmuch as
she has never before manifested any
signs of insanity. She is 25 years old.
RICH FINDS ON
THE KLONDIKE.
SEATTLE, April 22.— Dr. E. O. Crewe
and John Elwell, the former of Chicago
and the latter of Cassville, Wis., are on
their way from Dawson, having left that
city on March 22. Dr. Crewe brings news
of the most wonderful strike in the Klon
dike region which has been heard of since
the discovery on Bonanza. It is located
seventeen miles up the Yukon River from
Dawson on Monte Cristo Island in the
middle of the river. The greatest ex
citement prevails and the entire island
has been staked. Two Swedes first made
the strike, getting varying sums from 50
cents up until $5 was panned at bedrock.
Inspector McGregor saw $S 50 taken from
a pan at the foot of the shaft.
Read in next Sunday's Call what
President "Pattern ct Princeton Uni
ve~sity has to say about this being
an age of second-rate men.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Will build you right up from a
.-- condition of lowest vitality to
strong, robust health. Contains
the highest percentage of nutri-
tive matter of select malt in liquid
form. Is a Non-Intoxicant. AH
Druggists.
BLATZ BREWING CO;,
MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A.
- LOUIS CAtiEN & SON,
Who'esale Dealers,
416-418 Sacramento St.
/ r \
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE ESTABLISHED
AND RELIABLE SPECIALIST.
For the Speedy and Permanent Cure of All
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even In their most aggravated form's.
YVKITK if you cannot call.
CONSULTATION FIJKK and confidential
at office or by letter. A valuable book, "Guide
to Health," free.
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
000000000000000000
%v>* PALACE wg
GRAND " OTE k s °
o SAN FRANCISCO. Q \
*f Connected by a covered pansaseway. '*'
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. °
O ALL Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: Q
« European Plan. Si. OO per day and upward rt
w American Plan.» 3. OO per day and. upward *»
O Correspondence Solicited. Q
Q JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. q
000000000000000000
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANGISGU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlbaron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN .RAFAEL.
WEEiv DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50-
and 11:30 p. m. .
, SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. ' - •
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:65 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO,- 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:10,
5:00, 6:25 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule a.B above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. 'In effect San Francisco.
— April 23, '■
Week I Sun- - 1898. Sun- Week ■
Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 arn|B:oo am Novato, . 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, .' I 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton, I'
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
•Oeyservllle,
»:30 pm 8:00 am ;Cloverdale. 7:35 pa 6:22 pm
7-30 ami I* Hopland and) 10:25 am
3:30 pm|8:00 am Uklah. [ 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm •
8:30 pm) ' - . 1 [ 6:22 pm
T:3O am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:10 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am|lo:2s am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton -Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and. Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Llerley's, Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullville, Boonevllle, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
■ Saturday to ■ Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 630 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
A. W. FOSTER, • R. X. RYAN.
, Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
•• (Via isausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing: November
13, 1897:- > ■■•-: - ■ ■ . .
Week — 9:30 a. m., 1:46 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, 621 Market
street. San Francisco. ; SC^^l:. . ' ■ ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■!ULWJ«mnM«i««»KMM»B» M iMM«wiiri r .' ._^^^, Toasaai
r\H^|MH The Watchdog For The Klondike.
Jr Mgs&&^%m ■It bites when it barks. It will pro-
tect your claim and supply you with
o>JJgjst // food. Send name and address on a
\ postal card for i4S-page illustrated
*gg|gigjaß^\ ") Winchester Repeating Arms to
'T^p^^i "?/W ij 418 Market St., San Francisco, Cal. J2|||ij
BAILBOAD TBAVEIs
KNICKERBOCKER
IV SPECIAL,
-FAMOUS NOONDAY TRAIN—
Via BIG FOUR ROUTE,
FROM ST. LOUIS TO
No\a/ York.,
Boston,
Montreal,
Buffalo,
Indianapolis,
Cincinnati,
Washington.
Finest and fastest regular train between
Mississippi River and Eastern Seashore over ,
greatest system of transportation In the '
world — the Vanderbllt Lines.
STOPS ALLOWED at Niagara Falls, Wash- ;
ington, Philadelphia and Virginia Hot Springs.
Tins train allows half day's stop in St. Louis
and goes into the only depot in New York
City.
C. W. GREEN,
Traveling Pass'r Agent., Kansas City. Mo.
A. J. WHITEHEAD.
Traveling Passenger Agent, Dallas, Tex.
WM. P. DEI'PE,
Ass't Gen'l Passenger Agt., St. Louis, Mo.
■ «)1 111 l PACIFIC COJIPAJIV.
(PACIFIC BYMTKM.)
Train* !<■■»« nml nrf .die to mi rite Ml
NAN rRANCIMCO. (
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
lkatb — From April 10. 1898. — arrive
•O:O»a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... »»:45a
7:OUa Renicia, fiuisun and Sacramento.... 10:45 a
?:OOa Marysville, Oroville Redding via
Woodland 5:45p
7:00 a Vacaville and Rumsey »:43p
7:30 a Martinez, Siuiltamon.Vallejo, Napa,
Caliotoga and Santa Rosa «:15p
S:OOa Atlantic Kxprem, O*<len and K»nt.. »:45p
»il»«A Niles. San .lose. .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marystiile, Chico,
IVhinia and Ite.l Itlnir 4»l»r
•»:»Oa I'eterß. Milton unit Oakdale »7:13r
«i««a New Orleans Kxuresi. Merced, Ray-
mond, J''re«no, Biker3lie;il, Santa
lUilmra. Ik.s A nicies, DeiniiiK,
El Paso, New Orleans a.id Eaxt. 6i4.1i-
U:OOa Vallcjo, Martinez, Msrced and
Fresno 1* : 1 .1
•l:OOi. Sacramento i:iverStenmer». »»sO«r
l:«Op Niles, Sin Jose and Way Stations.. *O:4Sa
Ix3O] Mortices Mill Way Stations 7:13p
2:ooi> Livermore, .M.Lduta., Hanford and
ViiaUa 4:15p
Livermore, San Jose, Nlics and Way
Stations 1.10:15 a
4iO»p Martin-/., Kan liiiinon, Vullejr). .
N»l'n. Ciillsinga, Xl Verano and *
'■ Santa Jt(«WV •ll.'i*
4iO«p Bruicia, Vaca\ille, \V«o«lland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, ()n>-
ville an.l S»i'i»iiiciit< 10:45 a
l:3«>p Nilea, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:15*
4:UOr Lattirc>i>, Modesto, Merced, Bprcmla,
i'reisno, Mnjave (for RandsburgX
Santa llarbura and l.os Angelr*., 7:4»a
i::iop Sanbi I.- Umite, Atliintio Kxi>rcsa
for Mojitte ami Knot 6:43p
"Sunset Limited," Los Angeles, Xl
l'ago, Fort Worth, Little liock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East 0:13 a
T[s:3up " Suii*pt Limited Annex," El Paso.
>'ew Orleans aad Kaat §1O:I3a
6:O«»i- Kuntpwui Mm, Og<lmi and Kiwi.... »:l^«
6:«l»r llnyiriinlx, Nile* antl San .lone 7j43a
tS:O«i- Viilleji 17:13|
Si «M> r OroKOII l > :x|>ri-m<,H»criuiieiitu. M»rya-
«ill«\ lEiml.Hiik. i'liitllllnl, I'ntiut
Si.mi.l ami Kant S:l3a
!»A> I.KAMtKO AMI IUYWiUDN 1,O( il,.
(Foot of Market Street.)
<*O:OOa I ( 7:13 a
H:O(»a Jlelroxe, Seminary Park, f*l»:4jA
,:;;;;;;: Kllcliliiinr, -Klniliuwt, \V£i
iil:oo\ San I.eumlro, South S«n \*:\?>t
JI8:OOM 1.0»..dr0,K 1 .t...1i110, $&$*
iilVoop )• Lorenzo, Cherry ■ M:43p
4:OOp ' <5i43p
BIOOP aI1(1 G:l3p
3:30p llnjr,ar«U. 2*ff*
7:<n>p J»:4r»r
S : 2l! P * R "''rough to Niles. ,?>:\n»
i):OOp 1 Kroni Nilea 1O:5O|'
tfll:l.->p^ " romiSllts - [itia:OOp
~~~' COAJST DIVISION (Narrow W»nge).
(Foot o( Market Street.)
J7i»."Va Sat ta Cruz Kxcursion, Saut* Cruz
and Principal Way Station* J»iOsp
Ail 3a Newark, San Ji-se.Felton,
Boulder Crt ek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3:50p
*2:15p Newark, Centorville, San Joso, New
Almaden, Felton, Hi uider Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations..... MO:3Oa
4:15p San Jose nod Glenwood 9:20 a
a4:ir»p Houlder Creek and Santa Cruz jl>:a»>A
C*EEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN faiNCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:l>0 11:011 a.m. U:00 *2:00 t3:00
•4:00 J5:00 •6:00 p.m.
fromOlIUKD— Foot •rßro«dw»v.— -fi:CO 8:00 ]0:0Oi.M.
U2:ofl *1:00 t2;00 -3:00 H:00 *3:03 p.m.
*~ COAST DIVISION (liroud (i»uge). O
(Third and Townsend St».)
•7:<>Oa San .low mid Way Stations (New
Alinadcn Wednesdays only) ' liSOr
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove I and
Principal Way Stations , JS:33p
9:00 a Man .liwo, Tic* l'li,.m, Smita Cruz,
I'avllio (iiove. l'aso ItoUe*, San
l.uls Olilapo, (litailaiune, Surf and
Viiiuiiuil Wuy .Station* ' 4«lOi
I«:<O* Sun .lime mid Way SUlions # »iOOa
I1i»Oa San Jose ami Way Stations. *9i33a
*2:43pSan Mateo, Keiiwooti
Santa Clara, San .fine, CJflroy,
Holli»ter, .Santa Onus, Salinas,
Monterey ami raciiic lir«*-«, '10:33*
•a::{«»r San Jose, . * " . ; * • :: ■
and Way Stations »9:0Oa
•4:15p Sail Jose mid Principal Way Stations 9:45 a
•s:Oi»r Ran Jose anil Principal Way Station* 6:33 a
3:3Oi> San .lone an.i Principal Way .Stations S:3or
6: :iop San Joso ami Way Stations 7:30p
Hl;43r San Jose ami Way Stations ?:aOp
A for Morning. 1' for Afternoon.
•Simrtavs exc«i|it.(>fl. t Sundays only, t Saturday* only
♦ ♦ Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. '
•' Thnntdays. ■ • a Saturdays and Sundays
8 Saturday^ > J Sundays and. Monday*
|gHi!jQjy||{|2H| to
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR, mmm
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawlnit-Room Sleepers,
3V4 days to Chicago. 4% days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., currying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars oa
fast time. Direct Conner' i in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrl- ■ and depart from Market-street
; Ferry. San Fran- isco ticket office, 6.; Market
street. Chronicle building:. Telephone Main
1620. Oakland office. 1118 Broadway, Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. Ban Jose. 7 West
Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
19. 1397.
WEEK DAYS. ,
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— «9:30
11:30 a. m. ; '1:45, 3:46, »3:15. 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo, »10:00,
•11:30 a. m. •1:15. 3:00. *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 ft. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations. ,
■■■■-. ■:;,... -.- •--.;-.- ;:;:■-. ■ -•;' . ■ -
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1897, trains will run as
follows:
From September 10. 1597, trains will run at
follows:
Southbound. 1 Northbound.
Passen- ! Mixed Mixed I Passen-
ger 1 Sunday Stations Sunday \ ger
Daily Excepted Excepted Daily
7:20 a.m.! 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
9:10 a.m. f 12 : 50 p.m. | Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a,m. ] 8:60 p.m.] Fresno I i>j3o a.m. 2:20 o.m.
11:40 a.m. 6:20 p.m. Hanfordf 9:46 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m. l 6:45 p.m. | Visalia | 6:40 a.m. 1 12:40 p.m.
Stopping at intermediate points when re-
quired.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co.. leavlnc San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. dally; at Merced with
stages to and from Snellinss, Coultervllle, etc.;
also with stage for Hornltos, Mariposa, etc.;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
■ ■ ■ ' ' "| ~ "—" —
f!M2aSSlKllSld! B. S. ZEALANDIA,
HflfllllE for HONOLULU only,
i»jE* r » a Wednesday, May 4, 2
M '*' p. m. Special party
f±^/r \' \ rates.
SfMnKnlDc) The S. S. MARIPOSA
CyloUillJlM^ sails via Honolulu and
fBfHfififlm Auckland for Sydney
\W|||JJUllq^vednesday, May 18, at
2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
k^ Steamers leave Broadway
: tfki ■wharf, San Francisco:
|SSSffSSS\, For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
iis**K3s ?i April 1. 6, 11, 16 21. 2ii, May 1,
\%>.tB&tx&l transfer at Seattle.
R^3s>^«i For Alaskan ports (from
HBC^ai Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
r^**«£ysplM April 27, May IS, June 5. 26,
~^BM July 17, transfer at Portland,
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New What com (Wash.), 10 a. m., April 1, 6,
11 16 21 26, May 1. and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. By., at Vancouver with
C P Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
April 2. S, 14, 20, 26, May 2, and every sixth
day thereafter. _ _,
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cavucos, Port Harfoni (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., April 3. 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, -7,
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. April 1, 5. 9. 13. 17. 21, 2:,, 29, May 3, and
every fourth day thereafter. ■ _
For Ensen.Tla, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. May 12,
and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $ '2 First Class Including Berth
iMnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon April IS, 27
Columbia April "1, 3
State of California April 24. May 3
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
B. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
TO ENGLAND, ANTWERP, AND THE CON-
TINENT.
RED STAR LINE,
NEW YORK, PHILADELPHIA, SOUTH-
AMPTON. ANTWERP.
AMERICAN LINE
(Philadelphia-Liverpool Service.)
PHILADELPHIA. QUEEXSTOWN, LIVER-
POOL, Under BELGIAN and BRITISH
FLAGS.
EMPIRE LINE.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
■ Steamers Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Indi-
ana, 3400 tons, Conemaugh. 2100 tons (formerly
In the trans-Atlantic service of the American
Appointed sailings from Seattle.
S. S. Ohio, June 15, S. S. Indiana, June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvania, June 29, for St. Michael,
connecting with company's fleet of new and
modern steamers and barges on the Yukon
River, ' through to Dawson City and interme-
diate points. For passage and freight apply to
. NATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantic,
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North -*Cft»
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <£j£JSi>
by this line avoid both transit by -»~-iij^&
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
second class, $116.
LA CHAMPAGNE April 30. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE May 7, 10 a. m.
LA T0URA1NE......: May 14. 10 a. m.
LA OASCOGNE May 21. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE May 28, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent, :.•
. . • . No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUOAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck. ..April 281 A. Victoria June 16
A. Victoria May 19 F. Bismarck.... June 30
F. Bismarck June 2 F. Bismarck.... July 28
Ist Cabin $100 up, 2d Cabin $45 up. Steerage $30.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Phoenicia May 7 Pretoria May 23
Pennsylvania... May 14,Patria June 4
Palatla May 21 Phoenicia June 11
Also S. S. Russia. April 30, 2 p. m.
Ist Cabin $75 up. 2d Cabin $40, Steerage $26.
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California St., cor. Sansome. San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
r ''l".i~.' Steamer "Monticello"
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. in.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— 'Mission Dock, Pier 2.
Telejhone. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS 6ATOS and SANTA CRUZ
Steamer Alvlso leaves Pier 1 daily : (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alvlso dally (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and passengers
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso, 50o"
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. il North
First street, San Joeo. mmm
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver lower.
Wheat ami Barley higher.
Flour very firm.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.;
The top price for Hay shaded.
Another advance in Straw.
Beans firm. Seeds unchanged.
Rice rather higher.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Asparagus higher.
Butter weak and Eggs lower.
Poultry about the same.
More small Cherries arrived.
Oranges firm. Limes dull.
Prunes In «'»""! demand and rather higher.
Apricots quieter.
Honey sells well.
No change in Provisions.
Wool, Hope and Hides dull.
Beef steady. Mutton easy and Lamb lower.
No Chan*.- in Hogs.
Thirteen failures last week.
NEW YORK IMPORTS AND EXPORTS.
Imports of dry goods and merchandise at
New York for the weel; ending April 9 were
valued at S: gainst t5.512.0U for the
preceding nreek, and t12.774.55J in the corre
sponding week of last y>-;ir. Total since Janu
ary 1. tU5.208,061, against J137.JU.556 In the
corresponding period of last year.
THE WEEK S FAILURES.
The Bradstre«t Mercantile Agency reports 13
failures In the Pacific Coast States and Terri- |
tories for the week ending yesterday, as com- .
pared with 21 for the previous week and IS for 1
the corresponding week of 1597. The failures j
for the past week are divided among the ■
trades as follows: 1 furniture, 1 livery, 2 com- ;
mission, 1 groceries and notions, 1 transporta- 1
tion, 2 carpenter and builders. 1 hotel and sa- ]
loon, 1 Jeweler, 1 blacksmith, 1 plumber, 1
general store.
SUGAR IMPORTS.
The imports of sugar into the United States
for February were 236. 517,451 Rm raw and 3.254,
43S Tr,s over 16 Degrees, against 250.196.793 lbs
raw and 6.405.657 over 16 degrees for the same
month last year. The movement tor the tirst
eU-ht months of the fiscal year compares as j
follows:
1896-97. 1897-9 S.
Raw (lbs) 2,073.*104,195 1.169.516.374
Refined 87,641.580 69,500,435
Total 8,160.645.775 1.239,076.809
The value of the Imports this year is $27.- :
435.553, against $45,582,223 In 1896-97.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flg-
Oreß at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days; th.ise underneath it. If any. the
amount of rainfall or of melted enow In Inches
and hundredth* during the . ajt twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by Cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usuaity
flr^t aj-p»nr on t v .p Washington -oast. When
the pressure is high in the Interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when th" "low" is inclosed with isobars of
mark«l curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "hish" in the vic.nlty of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In Bummer and colder w-ather In winter. Th«
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
02-'ith Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 22. 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and s^anonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0."2 31.17 45.73
Red Bluff 0 12.30 24.13
Sacramento 0 8.57 17.26
Pan Francisco 0 7.75 22.60
Fresno 0 4.01 in. "2
San Luis OMf;>o 0 C.05 20.71
Los Angeles 0 5.26 16.74
S..n Diego 0 4.18 U.M
Tuma 0 1.66 5.35
San Francisco temperature: Maximum. 63;
minimum, 49; mean. 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
F' 'RECASTS.
Th« pressure lias risen rapidly during the
pant twelve hours over Washington and Van
couver Island. An area of high pressure Is ap
parently moving in on the northern Pacific
Coast.
The temperature has risen slowly over the
entire country west of the Rocky Mountain?.
In the great valleys of California the tempera
tures are from S to 10 degrees above the nor
mal.
Light rain has fallen over Oregon and Wash
ington.
The following maximum wind velocities or*
reported;. Tatonsh Island. 2S mi!n« per hour
from the southwest; Portland, ?S south- Idaho
Falls. 28 south.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, April 23, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; contin
ued warm weather; northerly winds In the In
terior: westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; wester
ly winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco ami vicinity— Fair Saturday
northerly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind north, 10 miles per
hour; temperature, 65: maximum. 1 67 degrees.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April When New York
operators In securities got down to Wall street
this morning they found cable reports ir,m
London indicating a somewhat feverish ac
tivity in the speculation In Americans, with a
tendency to rebound from yesterday's depres
sion. Cable inquiries from the other side In
dicated an eager anxiety there to know what
tack Wall street would take. This was suffi
cient to admonish the bears who sold In yes
terday afternoon's slump to cover their con
tracts. The covering of the shorts was coupled
with some buying for London account. The re
sult was very sharp advances all around. This
advance was almost lost at one time during
the morning, but in the late afternoon the
buying was renewed, carrying prices to the
highest of the day, wth only a slight reaction
at the close. The net result shows rather more
than half of yesterday's losses retrieved. . The
market was highly speculative all day, and
the favorite stocks wore the highly volatile
specialties, such as Tobacco, which was exceed
ingly erratic all day, and very active, and
Sugar. In the railroad list the grangers and
the Internationals led In the trading. "
The conditions In the world's money markets
nad a salient effect on the security market. The
mainspring of the money market's action' was
th.* increased demand of banks in the interior
for funds, Chicago exchange on New York
rising to par. This had the effect of relax
ing the New York demand on London for gold
and l^lon consequence no gold . was engaged
There was a curious story current in Wall
street that some of the operators in Am.Ti-
» a nn J tocks h .T' b " en buying Spanish O3nd<4 as
a hedge on the theory that if Americans went
down the Spanish bonds would go up. as In
the case of a Spanish naval victory. It the
.exacted event of early American suocess. ib^.
profit on Americans, It was argued, would
more than wipe out the loss on the Spanish
bonds.
The bond market was not as active as that
for stocks, and prices held only about steady.
Total sales. $825,000.
United States new 4s. registered, declined
%: do coupon,- 4. and the old 4s, registered,
Vi In the bid price. Others were unchanged.
Total Bales of stocks to-day were 237.500, in
cluding: Burlington, 31,675; Louisville and
Nashville. 5325; Manhattan, 7150; Metropolitan
Street Hallway, 4160; New York Central, 4120;
Northern I'acifle, S150; do preferred, 7560: Rock
Island, SS2S; St. Paul, 28,562; Union Pacific pre
ferred. 17,420; American Tobacco, 51.765; Peo
ple's Gas, 9292; Sugar, 34.&05.
CLOSING STOCK 3.
Atchison 104 St P & Om 67%
Do pref 24V Do pref 140
Baltimore & Ohio 15»» ,St P M & M 130
Canada Pacific .. 74 So Pacific 18
Canada Southern. 454 So Railway 74
Cent Pacific 11 ! Do pref 2-i* 4
Chos & Ohio ... I 7* Texas & Pacific. 9^
Chi & Alton 151 Union Pacific .... 50
.Chi 13 & Q 8:->Vr P D & G 0%
Chi & E 111 49 |\Vaha*h 6
CCC &St L.... 25% 1" 1 ref 144
Do pref 80 (Wheel & L E.... IT*
Del & Hudson.... 104% i Do pref 8% I
Del L & W H4Vi Express Companies—
iK-n & R G 10 'Adams Ex 97
IJo pref 40\ I American 120 j
; Erie (new) II 4 United States 38 I
Do Ist pref .... SO 1 ,* Wells Fargo 115 I
i Ft Wayne 168 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor l>ref .... 144 A Cot OH 16 I
Hocking Valley .. 5Vi Do pref 674 |
Illinois Central .. 97V* Amn Spirits 94 |
Lake Erie & W. 134 Do pref 21»i
Do pref 67 Am Tobacco lOOVi
Lake Shore 190 Do pref 113 ;
, Louis & Nash... 45% People's Gas 87% ;
I Manhattan L .... 92* 4 Cons "Gas 172 I
, Met St Ry US* Com Cable C 0.... 150
! Mich Cent looVtlCol F & Iron 16
j Minn &- et L 234 | Do pref 90
! Do Ist pref .... 78 I Gen Electric 804
; Mo Pacific 25* Illinois Steel 444
j Mobile & 0hi0... 24 Laclede Gas 404
iMo X A T 10 Lead 28
Do iref 304 Do pref 99
Chi Ind & L.... 7 Nat Lin Oil 14 I
Do oref 24 Or Imp Co 26 !
N J Central $9 . Pacific Mall :.... 21
N V Central .... 107 1 ., Pullman Pal 17'
N V Chi & S L. 114 Silver Cert 56%
Do Ist prof 60- Stand R & T 34
Do 2d pref .... 2S iSugar 114% ;
Nor West 11 I Do pref 1044
No Amer Co .... 54 T C & Iron 18%
No Pacific 22 US Leather .*S
Do pref .'•••■% Do pref 564
i Ontario <<W».V I.V, U S Rubber 134 |
Or R & Xav.... 42 Do pref CO
Or Short Line 20 West Union 85 I
Plttsburg 168 U V Common 19 j
Reading 15 7 i C*N V? 116
Do Ist pref .... 37 I Da pref 1724 j
Rock Island S3 St L& S W 4 !
St L & S F 54 IV. pref Mi
Do Ist pref .... 55Vi Chi Q W 10
Do M pref .... 24 IR (5 W 23 j
St Paul M*« Do nref 53
Do pref 140 Haw Com Co .... 15 !
CLOSING rfONDG.
D S new 4s rep.. 1174 N Carolina 65.... 120
Do coup liv--. Do 43 102
U S 4s 1074 No Pac lsts 113
Do coup 109 Do 3s 77 l 4l 4
Do 2ds 95 Do -.3 90%
U S 5s reg 1104 N V C & S L 4s. 100
Do 5s coup .... 1114 Nor & W 6s 118 ;
District 3.65s 112 Northwstrn cons. 1414 i
Ala class A 10S4 Do deb 5s 113
Do » 105 0 Nay lsts 1124
Do C 95 O Nay 4s 904 I
Do currency ... 95 O S Line 6s tr 118
Atchison 4s 86 OS Line 5s tr 97
Do adj 4s 665 i O Imp lsts tr 104
Can So 2ds 104 Do 5s tr 50
Chi Term 4s SS4 Pacific 6s of 95.. 1024
C & Ohio 5s 1134 Reading 's 78 I
C H & D 445.... 104H R G W lets 78
D & R G lsts.... 108 St L&I M C 65.. 86 i
D & R G 45...... 87 Ist LA 8 * O to.. 113
East Term lsts.. 1034 St P Con 130
Erie Gen 4s 66 St PC & P lsts.. 114
V W & D lsts tr. fi7 Do 5s 110
Gen Electric as... 99 So Ry 5s 57%
G H & S A 65.... 105 Stand RAT 65.. 55
Do 2ds 103 Term new pet 35.. 85
II & T C 5s 110 T P I, G lsts.... 100
Do con 69 103 'Do Rg 2ds .. 29
lowa C lsts .... 97 |r P D A G lsts.. 51
La new cons 45.. 95 Wab Ist 5s 106
LA X Unl 45.... 834 Do 2ds 76%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4b 1044
M X A T 2ds 554 Va Centuries ... 60
Do 4s fs\; Do deferred ... 3
N V Central lsts. 114 U P pref M
N JC 5s 110 1 Do 4s 89 '>
MINING STOCKS.
Cnollar ....: 20 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point ■ 12 Ophir 45
Con Cal & Va 70 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry.... 20 Do pref 200
Hale A Norcross. 45 Sierra .-evada ... 75
Hi-.mestake 37 001 Standard 155 1
Iron Silver 43 1 Union Con JO
Mexican 10 1 Yellow Jacket 10 j
BOSTON.
BOSTON. April 22 — Atrhtson. 10H: Bell Tel
ephone, 245; Burllnirton. R9^4; Mexican Central,
4V 4 ; Oregon Short Line. 26.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. . Til 22— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here opened flat to-day on war con
ditions, and then recovered on coverine by th*
boars and a certain amount of genuine buy
ing here and from Paris. Spanish fours and
Americans led in the recovery, but both closed
ur •' -■■ the best. As Indicated in previous dis
patches the condition of the London markets
favors stagnation rather than heavy selling,
as a result of the war. but on the other hand
no Immediate material recovery Ib now ex
pected, but instead a gradual dwindling of
prices.
Gold is in le«s demand for New York at 77s
10\d, but eagles left the Bank of England to
da--. The Paris "*-urse was distinctly better
on the London lead, but the financial outlook
there is gloomy. Whether France will assist
Slain financially Is much discussed.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 77: Grand Trunk. T%: bar
silver, little Inquiry, 25% d per ounce. Money,
2^2'? per cent.
LONDON. Apr.. 22— Spanish fours closed on
the Stock Exchange at 32V
PARIS. April 22.— Spanish fours closed on
the Bourse at 23 13-16, a net loss of *4.
MADRID, April 22— Spanish fours closed to
day at 56.75, as compared with 55 yesterday.
Gold was quoted at 70.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April FLOUR— Receipts,
11.335 barrels; exports, 30,584 barrels. Strong
and higher on a fair Jobbing trade; Minnesota
bakers', $4 25(3'4 65; winter patents, $4 90i??5 40;
winter straits, $4 70®4 85; winter extras, $3 75@
4 15; winter low grades, $2 90fi3.
WHEAT— 162.500 bushels; exports,
177,777 bushels. Spot market firm; No. 2 red,
$1 13% f. o. 'b. afloat. Options opened strong
and active on continued war talk and sensa
tionally higher Liverpool cables. Subsequently
developments were bearish, particularly on late
months, which were sold on fine crop news, and
closed i-;gme lower. A squeeze in May shorts
left that option finally IVJc net higher; No. 2
red May, »1 09%01 11%, closed $1 11V4-
HOPS—
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
METALS— The general tendency of the Metal
market Is toward a higher level of values, some
departments to-day reporting positive strength
In Increased demand At the close the Metal
Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants very dull, with $6 60 bid
and 50 70 asked.
LAKE COPPER— with 112 bid and
112 25 asked.
TlN— Higher for spot, and $14 GO bid and
$14 CO asked.
SPELTER— $4 15 bid and $4 25 asked.
LEAD— $3 67% bid and $3 62H asked.
Lead was quoted at $3 50 by the firm naming
the settling price for the miners and smelters
In the West.
COFFEE— Options oponed steady, with prices
unchanred to 10 points lower: closed steady
with prices unchanged to 6 points lower. Sales',
2">"0 bags. Including April, f.sOr; Mny, E.TOC
Spot R'o quiet; No. 7 Invoice, 6 T 4c"; No. 7
Jobbing. 7^,c: mild, steady; Cordova. Sy^ioc
SUGAR— Raw, strong, held higher: fair re
fining. 3 11-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4Hc.
BUTTER— Receipts. 2691 packages. Steady
Western creamery. ISOUc; Elgins, 18c; factory'
EGGS— Receipts. 11.120 packages. Steady;
Western, n">4@llHc: Southern. lO^jlO^c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. April 22. -California Dried
Fruits— Apples steady and nther fruits firm
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common E&TUc*
prime wire tray, 8c; wood dried prime B>ic :
choice B>4c; fancy, ?«9Hc
PRt'NE_~S-3Hfi7Sie.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, t^'Slc; Moorpark. BU@
10c. •
PEACHES— Unpe*»Ied. s<f?Sc; peeled, 12@14c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. April 22.-An excited Liverpool
wheat market, with the May future there up
equal to about 4Vie a bushel, started this
market to-day on a momentary rampage.' The
actual. inauguration of warlike measures look
ing to the reduction of Havana was the im
pelling cause of the excitement at Liverpool
and the opening burst of buying enthusiasm
here. The elements of an excited bulge in
Chicago were lacking, however; the heavy lo
cal short sellers had covered on the previous
day's advance and on the opening advance of
%«J%c In July they were ready to put out fresh
shorts. The first trades in July were over a
range of from S9%c to 90c, most of the trad»
at the lower figures, and only a very few
succeeded In getting Me. The decline that fol
lowed carried the price down to K*<c but that
proved the rallying point for a fresh advance
•New York .reported all offers cabled the other
side the night before accepted. The demand
from country millers for No. "northern
spring wheat was urgent at 2c over the price
raid here yesterday, but Lelter's broker in
sample market said he refused all bids Spot
wheat at Liverpool closed 2d higher for Cali
fornia and l®i*d higher for futures. But Cud
any broker? were persistent sellers of Septem
ber and December, presumably on fine crop
proepecta, aa<i on the a<}vanc» In ocean ratee.
THE SA:tf FTiAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 23, 1898.
the crowd began to believe thnt war was bound
to affect grain prices on th!» mMc adversely.
They accordingly sold July, which declined to
SS%c. closing SB&@BSttc May opened lc .. hl«h
er at $1 13, advanced to and rioted nt II 144.
An active business was dOM In corn, firm
ness at Liverpool and larK« export* hold the
market for a time, but the advance was lost
near the end. July OloMd unchanged from
yesterday. ,  M
Oats covered a narrow range, but held nrm.
closing unchanged.
Provisions acted similarly to the grain mar
kets. Opening prices were the highest or tne
day, at a slight advance on yesterday s closing
prices. The final price* to-day were at the fol
lowing losses, compared with those the day be
fore: July pork. 15c; lard, sc; ribs, lo4c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— • Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. :.^...ii3 i«4 iw . ,,
May ... 113 I#4 1 W 1 144
July . 90 90 BS4 SB4
j September 824 s2l 4 " f«4
December »l% 81% 804 80%
Mai™:.'^:.!?..... 32* 324 8214 32H
July 33% ■ 33H 33 334
! September 344 344 34 344
: Oats, No. 2— „,,
, May 27<i 27*4 71 * v *
July 24U 24>4 2* 24 *
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 1110 1130 10 90 10 95
July 11 40 1150 11 10 11 134
Lard, per 100 lbs— -' .I-
May 660 6606 50 550
' July 5 65 5 70 5 CO 6 60
September 5 724 5 724 670 570
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 5 55 6 55 5 40 8 424
! July " 5 624 6 674 550 5 524
j September 575 5 774 6CO SCO
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
strong, generally 20c higher per barrel; No. 3
spring Wheat, 11: No. 3 spring Wheat, 9Sc<3>
11 05; No. 2 red, SI Wai 134; No. 2 Corn, 324^
32% c; No 2 Oats, 274 c; No. 2 white, 80<g>31c;
No. 8 white, 294«J30»4c; No. 2 Rye, 57c: No. 2
Barley. OMEKOc; No. 1 Flaxseed. $1 29«i(3'l 30;
Prime Timothy Seed, $2 95; Mess Pork, per bar
rel, $10 96011; Lard, per 100 pounds, $5 50; Short
Rib Sides, loose, 15 25^5 60; Dry Salted Should
ers, boxed, 4»i'3 1 5e; Short Clear Sides, boxed,
$5 6006 70; Whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon, $1 20.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 8,000 10,000
Wheat, bushels 155.000 6*ooo
Corn, bushels 250,000 '799,000
Oats, bushels ....378,000 408,000
Eye, bushels 3,000 .-. . .
Barley, bushels 9 12.000 58,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creameries, 13@17c: dairies,
12c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 10% c. Cheese, un
changed.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 125.060 3S 220
£uluth 22.793 236.307
Milwaukee 9.750 27 250
Hhlcr.^o 154.890 60 223 '
Toledo 26,171 33,000
St. Louis 13.000 5.000 i
Detroit 5,995 7 2 si
Kansas City 42.000 9,500 !
Totals 399,639 416,781,
Tidewater-
Boston 300
New York 162.500 177 777
Philadelphia 7,597
Baltimore 23.045 .......
New Orleans
Galveston 4,950 .'.'.'.'..'.'
TotaJs 195.692 177,777 ;
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— April May.
Opening 64 45 64 30
Closing ; 64 SO 64 75
Flour — '. j. - ..
Opening .30 75 30 10
Closing 3100 30 45
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Kent. Dec. '
Opening S2\ 8l" 7 3*i 6 114
Closing 88% 8 % 73% 611 i
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 22.— CATTLE— The demand
for cattle was fair and prices held barely
steady. Extra choice steers, $0 "Mi 5 40; choice
do, $4 20@4 50; fair to medium $4 15@4 65;
stockers. ?S 65®-4 75; cows and heifers, t2ii3 90; i
calves, $3 76@6.
HOGS— Were active at an advance of sc. Sales
ranged at $.') 8004 15; heavies. *3 »o<g4 90; lights,
13 9( ®4; pigs. $3 4093 to.
SHEEP— Trade In sheep was dull. Prices
held steady. Shorn lambs sold at $4©4 85;
wooled, t5&6 60; sheep, 13 6054 25, a few choice
bringing U sC''q4 70.
Receipts — Cattle, 2500; hogs, 25,000; sheep,
S '•■.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, April 22.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2400;
market s<gloc lower: cow stuff weak, trade
slow. Native beef steers. $3 SOfiA SO; Texas
steers. J3 5004 20; cows and heifers. $3 25® 4 25;
canners, $2 25@3; stockers and feeders, *.> 30@
6; calves, $4 suiß6 BO; bulls, stags, etc, 1- 50<ij;
3 60.
HOGS— Receipts, « 6600: market 10c higher;
very active; heavy, $3 S7H@3 SO; mixed, $3 800
3 85; light, $3 SO® 3 82%; bulk of sales, $3 SO®
3 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1400: market 5<310c higher.
Fair to choice natives, $3 80'<i4 80; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 60(g4 70; common and stock sheep, :
$3©4; lambs, $4 X*i 60.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. April 22—CATTLE—Re
c.'liits. 3300. Market active and strong: na
tives, $3 7001 R»; Western- $3 60^3 60; cows
and heifers, $2 50*94 (So, including Westerns,
U 75©4 15: bulls, tirgi \r,.
H(k;S— Receipts, 14,790. Market s@loc higher;
sales largely, $3 7.V&3 90: heavies, $3 8004; mixed
and medium. $3 70(53 90; lights, $3 6ofi 3 S2 !^.
SHEEP— Receipts. 3000. Muttons, $4 15<54 75
for wooled lots; shurn sheep, $3 »5&4 10; wuoled
lambs, tr.'d.', 25.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
ROSTON, April 22.— The Boston Commercial
Bulletin will say to-morrow of the wool mar
ket: The market continues flat. There have
been two arrivals of carpet wools from Ro
sarlo for manufacturers. The big demand for
wc« ilens for any purpose hns not set In, and
the announcement of a cotton uniform by Gen
eral Miles will not lie a present surprise. The
largest transaction was a sale of 4000 pounds
of Australian lamb's to a knitting mill. The
high rate of money puts a stopper on tran
sactions.
The sales of the week are 417.000 pounds do
mestic and 212, CM) pounds foreign, against 22.\
000 pounds domestic and 3S.'>,2<Xi pounds foreign
last week, and 2.46T..000 pounds domestic and
3.010,000 pounds foreign for the same week last
)far.
The sales to date show an increase of 40,411,
511 pounds domestic and 44,380.100 pounds for
eign from the sales to the same date In 1896.
The receipts to date show an increase of 33,
867 bales domestic and 195,463 bales foreign.
FOREIGN MAHKET9.
LONDON, April 22.— Consols, 109 13-16; Silver,
X%d; French Rentes, lOlf 72'^c.
LIVERPOOL. April 22— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California Wheat, 41b 3,1, January
shipment: cargoes off coast, sellers indifferent
operators; cargoes on passage, sellers at ad
vance. Is higher: English country markets.
stmnc; French country markets, firm; Wheat
in Paris, firm: Flour in Paris, flrm.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 21-32 d.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 rM Western winter,
firm, 8s Gd.
TORN— Spot American mixed new firm
3s 9Hd: April, quirt, 3s 9>£d; May, quiet, 3s 9d-
July, <juiet, 3s 9^d.
FLOUR— St. I,ouls fancy winter, firm 10s 9d
Note— Flour quotations covering Liverpool
charges. The previous quotations were on a
c. I. f. basis.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, April 22— The firmness In the
European wheat market Is temporarily lost
sight of by the remarkable advance in Pan
Francisco, anil nearly all the sales that have
been made during the past week have been
on the basis of San Francisco prices. Expor
ters are sure to quote much above 87c for
Walla Walla, and S9c to 90c for valley and blue
stem, but San Francisco buyers and millers are
reported to be ----In* a cent above these fig
ure.*. The best grades of flour were marked
up 20 cents to-dnv.
Cleared — German ship Nomla for Queenstown
with 115.G4D bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 22.— Wheat strong; No. 1
club, SS<SB9c; No. 1 bluestem, 91@92c.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, April 22.— sale of Cape of
Good Hope and Natal sheepskins were held to
• day. • The number of skins offered was 184.838,
of which 173,300 ■ were sold. The quality was
poor and prices realized were par to %d below
the last sales.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, April COTTON—
middling. ' 6 13-I6e.
NEW YORK, April 22.— COTTON— Dull ; mid
ling, 6 7-16 c. ' - - ■
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, April 22.— Treasury state
ment: Available cash balance, $219,601,919; gold
reserve, $181,912,280.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, April 22.— Exchanges, *J06,889;
balances, 98,400.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, April 22.— G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
The war is no longer to be avoided, and busi
ness is somewhat contracted by bankers' ap
prehensions. There Is no excuse except nerv
ousness for declines in railway stocks when
earnings have ■ been ■ 14.3 per ; cent . larger than
last year for the first half of April and 4.8
per cent larger than 1892, with railway ton
nage ' east ' bound ? rcm ■ Chicago about 10 per
_cent larger than • lb.a Neither ore clearing- ,
house transactions gloomy. The -week's pay
ments were 33.6 per cent larger than lust year,
and 6.3 per cent larger than 1892.'
In no aspect can the wheat market be con
sidered without flndlnc . just occasion for a
material advance In prices, which has been
7.26 per cent for the week. The exports from
the Atlantic Coast ports have been 3.104.309
bushels (Hour Included), against 1,190,392 last
year, and from Pacific Coast points 436,086
bushels, ngainst 63,230 last ' year, making for
the three weeks of April 5.35y,432 bushels from
Atlantic ports, against 3,588,170 bushels last
year, and from Pacific ports 2,529,628 bushels,
against 712, for the same weeks last year.
The exports of corn during the same three
weeks have been 11,340,188 bushels, against 10,
221,161 bushel* last year, which is strong evi
dence that the demand for wheat Is in no
sense fictitious. With 40,000 tor.s Bessemer
Iron sold at Pittsburg for $10 40, and with deal
ings in gray forge unchanged, and sales of 30,
000 tons to car wheel makers alone at Chicago
and 10,000 tons at Eastern works of Pennsyl
vania, with some at the South for pipe manu
facturers, the enormous production does not
diminish and the demand for finished products
Includes contracts for 3000 tons in the build
ing of two merchant ships, with many rthercon
tracts In sight to replace vessels bought by the
Government: for two new piers at Key west,
5000 tons; for the Chicago Postoffice, 9000 tons;
for the Harrisburg capitol, 2800 tons: for car
building, including one of 3000 tons at Pitts
burg; one for a Government building at Port
land. Or.. 1000 tons; for track elevation at
Chicago. 2700 tons; for plates at Chicago, in
cluding one for 2000 tons; for 40.000 tons rails
to the Maryland Steel Company, 30,i.vK) to be
shipped to Siberia and 10,000 to the Orient,
and for 7000 tons to a Pittsburg concern for
Quito, with many structural and Implement
contracts of minor importance. No decrease In
prices appears and the production continues
practically unchanged at the highest point
ever known, although in Eastern markets the
output is considered somewhat, In excess of
supply. Copper Is stronger, with heavy de
mand for consumption. In woolens the heavy
cancellations . recently reported prove to be
in large measure requests for deferred deliv
eries, but a better demand has been seen dur
ing the past week In some quarters, on account
of large Government orders.
Failures for the week have been 204 In the
United States, against 218 last year, and 29 In
Canada, against 21 last year.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. April 22.— following table,
compiled by P. rod street, shows the bank clear
ings at eighty-nine cities for the week ended
April 21, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Per Cent.
Inc. Dec.
New York $ 837.070.3<!6 22.6
Boston 83,178,889 20.0 ....
Chicago 101.963,480 24.7
: Philadelphia 66.301. 407 .... 1.2
I St. Louis 25,075.6i)8 9.0
Pittsburg 18,931,332 11.6
I Baltimore 16.427,428 25.1 ....
San Francisco 14,124, ....
Cincinnati 18,324,750 13.1 —
Kansas City 10,730,869 —
New Orleans 8,332,430 22.5 —
Minneapolis 7.033,754
Detroit 6,299,983 22.5
Cleveland 7.023,539 • 27.
Louisville 6.762.354 10.6
Providence 5,131.700 1.1
Milwaukee 4.621,400 9.3
St. Paul 8.375.495 15.8
Buffalo 4,236,950 20.1
Omaha 5.734,415 20.9
Indianapolis 4,955,161 17.0 ....
Columbus, 0 4,308,?00 12.3 ....
Savannah 2,161,822 9.8
Denver 2,812.717 6.4
Hartford 2.2 M.579 16.0 ....
Richmond 2.170,543 1.0 ....
I Memphis 1*904.206 30.0
Washington 1,901,066 5.3
Peorla 1,691.288 27.9
Rochester 1,7r.4.152 12.3 ....
New Haven 1,530,210 18.0 ....
Worcester 1,445, 6.6 ....
Atlanta 1.3«1.377 5.S
Salt Lake City 1.421,
Sprinrtleld, Mass.. 1,353,082 12.5
Fort Worth 1.729,844 34.1
Portland. Me 1,365,024 40.0
Portland, Or 1. SOS. 3SS 116.9 ....
St. Joseph . 2.956.658 161.4
I>->e Angeles 1,424.862 44.7
Norfolk 026.605 3.5
Syracuse 1,131.738 20.4 ....
D*s Moines 1,268,326 32.2
Nashville 1,178.556 25.0 ....
Wilmington, Del... 773,156 16.0 ....
Fall River ......... 659,238 7.3 ....
Scranton '936.124 9.6 ....
Grand Rapids 1,049,918 3.S ....
Augusta, Ga • 633 302 6 4
Lowell 601.400 3.9
Dayton, 0 743.511 25.0
Seattle 1,836.544 130.0
Tacoma £50.754 125.9
Spokane 756.H56 '-9
Sioux City T29.SK 57^4 '.'"
New Bedford 593,827
Knoxvllle, Term... 463.298 '.'." 3 2
Topeka 602.1*1 20.8 . '
Birmingham £32,510 49 8
Wichita 481.550 5.0 ....
Blnghamton 358,900 . 13 2
Lincoln  274,486 • 2.2
Lexington. Ky 364,041 13.3
Jacksonville. Fla.. 116.934 .. ii 3
Kalamazoo 3(59 226 A 11.1
Akron...: .-. 822,000 '* 4'). 6
Bay City ....• 195,575 ' ' 27.4
Chattanooga 326,000 3.-, 2
Rockfoni, 111 238,622 10 6
Canton. 0 237,600 23.5 ....
Springfield, 0 " 179,819 16 9
Fargo. NT. D 158,681 36.2 ....
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 105,167 1:11.8
Hastings, Neb 119 722 83.0
Fremont, Neb 14R.622 iso!7
Davenport €23,3% 10 0
Toledo 1492.254 13.8 ....
•Gal ton 4.233.700 20.8
•Houston 4.131278 .... 15 7
••Toungstown 287.337
••Macon 600,060
••Evansvllle fifiT $21 !■'
••Helena 640,36$ .... ...'. I
Totals, United " ~~
States $1, 113,094. 758 19.4
Totals outside
New York 476.024,400 15.2
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $ 12.263.517 31.1
Toronto 8.052.39S 05.3
Winnipeg; 1,626,836 93.1 ..'.'.
Halifax 1.198.614 21.3
Hamilton 6 'l 257 16 4
St. John, N. B 574!620 25.8 '.'..'.
Totals $ 24,437,242 40/) ....
•Not Included in totals because containing
other Items than clearings. •• Not Included In
totals because of no comparison for last year.
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK, April 22.~Bradstreet\s to-mor
row will say: General trade and speculation
this week have exhibited most of the charac
teristics which have become popularly asso
ciated with the near approach of hostilities.
While there Is reported a further quieting of
dlPtrlbutlve trade In some lines at the East
and South, traceable almost directly to antici
pated warlike conditions, there Is a lack of
regularity, even In the reports from those cen
ters which serve to show that, now that the
uncertainty so long prevailing has been dis
pelled, trnde conditions are being shaped to
the new order of things. There is consequent
ly greater Increased activity In many special
lines at the seaboard, accompanied by excited
markets a:id heavy price advances. While
trade In the Interior sympathizes to a certain
extent with this price movement, there Is still
a perceptibly pood trade reported entirely out
(>lde of this, which serves to prove that the
prospect of wu.r has not had nearly as much
rffp.-t Inland ag it had on the coast.
In commercial lines this week much interest
and activity baa he.. n manifested In the specu
lative and actual demand for leading staples,
such as wheat, corn, oats. Hour, coffee, sugar,
most pork products and cotton. A reflection
of this active demand, which had its rise, M>
far as wheat and cotton are roncemed, among
foreign buyers, who wish to anticipate any
possible tnterruptlon of supplies Is found In
the movement of pries, which for the first
time for many weeks past shows a general up
ward tendency.
The advance in coffee, susar and rice are di
rectly traceable to war Influences, marking,
as they do, either a desire on the part of the
domestic buyers to protect themselves against
any possible Interruption of supplies or the
anticipated levy of taxes to meet the in
creased outlays of the Government. Careful
search among the quotations for staple pro
ducts falls to reveal any Important declines in
prices outside of a fractional marking down
of steel billets at some markets.
The check to export trade at some ports,
notably at the South. Is reflected In tem
porarily smaller shipments of wheat, corn
and flour. The total shipments of wheat (flour
Included) this week aggregate 3.223,106 bush
els, against 4, 525, 302 bushels last week; 1,654,-
C$S bushels In this week a year affo; 1 2^o 006
bushels in 1S?6: 2.431.000 bushels In ISM, and' 2,
717,000 bushels In 1594.
There were 224 business failures in the
I'nited States this week, against HS last week:
216 in this week a year ago; 240 in 1596, and 22!
in 1895.
nusinr>ss failures In Canada for the week
number IS against 27 last week; 22 In this
week a year ago; 37 In 1896, and 32 in 1895.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, April 22.— Bradstreefs Re
view to-morrow will say: Hradatreet's has
for some time past not hesitated to point
out the unfavorable effects of the prevailing
uncertainty as -to our foreign relations upon
the general business of the country. There haa
been some disposition apparent of late, how
ever, to attribute considerable more of the fear
of impending hostilities than seems proper. Re
ports have been given in the press of a large
volume of cancellations in different lines of
trade, all due, it Is claimed, to the fear of
strained relations. Special and widespread in
quiry fails to show anything like the reported
volume of cancellations in different kinds of
trade at various cities, with the s"le exception
of the woolen goods industry. And even here
the cause of the depression, while primarily
given ah disturbed condition of our foreign re
lations, hns been by some observers attributed,
and we believe to some extent properly, to the
natural reaction following the activity which
was a feature of woolen manufacturing a year
ago. These cancellations were reported as said
to have come ci. -fly from wholesale clothing
manufacturers, and the percentage given or
canceled orders has beei placed as high as 50
to 76 per cent. A number of mills, however.
are naid to have phut down, and the evil of
overstocking Is thought to have been largely
averted. Careful Inquiry while showing a
considerable portion of the cancellations to
have been due to the prospect of war. would
indicate that fully 50 per cent of them have
been due to clothing houses giving larger orders
than they really required In the hope that the
market would continue to advance. As the
market, however, has disappointed them the
orders have been simply canceled and the
above reasons have been assigned.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK. April 22.— Bradstreefs Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say:
On the whole the speculative world has re
ceived the serious developments of the present
week with calmness. The long preparation
through which the stock market here has
passed in the last two months and the fact
that weak bull accounts have been reduced
to a minimum by the preceding liquidation, ac
count in a large measure for this fact.
The trading contingent here, who took entire
charge of the market in the complete absence
of any public interest, seemed very nervous
and they were very prompt contractors on any
rumors indicating that Spain would withdraw
from her position or that the course of action
mapped r.ut by Congress might be delayed.
The market, In spite of the very belligerent as
pect 01 aiiuirs, uaii several such rauxes. m.n
gled with its waiting and dullness in the early
days of the week, and London's free offer
ings seemed to be well absorbed. It might be
noted, however, that railroad bonds, In which
there has been no speculation and no short
interest, were relatively higher than the stock
market, the course of which was influenced by
those circumstances.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — J4 81
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 84>4
Sterling Cables _ 4 85
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17V4
Fine Bilver, .per ounce — sn-i»
Mexican Dollars 46 46r»
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Prices advanced sharply, both on
and off call, as will be seen. Th« r.hlppers are
nuyiiig May at $1 70, which fixes the price of
shipping grades, as May Is now practically
spot. The foreign markets are much higher.
The actual outbreak of war tends to harden
the market materially, and the dry weather
•iocs the rest. The millers an» hard up for
supplies, and are gladly paying the top quota-
Urn, and are drawing on Washington and Ore
gon for stock.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 67V4
@1 70 for No. 1, $1 72H for choce and $1 7601 80
per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:16 o'clock — December —
lO.ieu CUB, $1 6i; 10,000, $1 64; Is, ooo, $1 t>4-» t ; 32,
000, $1 '"V May— 4ooo, $1 6H; 2000, $1 6iV».
Second session — December— 2000 ctls, $1 65;
8000, $166*4; 4000, $165?*,; 10,000, $165V>; 8000,
$1 6;,<V 8 ; 16,000, $1 6R«i; 32,000, $1 66; 2000, $1 664.
May— 2ooo, $1 71.
Regular morning session — December— 36,000
ctls. $1 65; 2000, $1 65%. May— 4ooo, $1 70; 2000,
$1 70 V«.
Afternoon session — December — 6000 ctls,
$165V4; 2000, $1 66%; 12,000, $1 66; 30,000, $1 66H-
May— 2ooo, $1 70V
BARLEY— The market was rather higher, but
trade was dull.
Feed, $1 864 pl 37Ms: Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, $1 30>4 ; 4000, $1 36.
Second session — December — 4000 ctls, $1 36%.
Regular morning session — December 12,000
ctls, $1 36U: 2000. $1 36%; 8000. $1 86; 2000, $1 3514.
Afternoon session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 35%: 2000, $136%; 4000, 35%.
OATS— The market shows no change worthy
of note, being dull.
Fancy Feed. $1 42%<gl 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 37%@1 42%; common. $1 30@l 35; Sur
prise. $1 4691 60; gray, ■$1 32%@1 37%; milling,
$1 35ffl 42% per ctl. :
CORN — Quotations continue nominal, owing
to the decline expected when the cheaper Corn
begins to arrive from the East.
Small round yellow, $1 15@1 20 per ctl; large
yellow, fl lft»l is; white. $1 1531 17%.
RYE— U 3501 37% -»r ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— JI 90<g2 10 per otl.
• FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Another advance In Flour may be expected
at any moment, as wheat has gone up again.
FLOUR-Famlly Extras, $5 5005 60; Bakers-
Extras, $5 26@6 35 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour. J6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy, $3 26@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat $8 75; Farina, $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 SO
<Q6 20; In sacks, $5 6O'<?6; Pearl Barley. $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Buyers, by persistent holding off, have suc
ceeded in breaking the price for fancy wheat
Hay We, but the other grades, though weak,
are still quoted as before.
Straw has again advanced. There Is no
Change In Uran and Middlings.
BRAN— s2l'u2l 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S23Ig > 25 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, ?30 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31G'31 50; Jobbing. 1
$32<5>32 50; Cocoanut Cake, t2H$25; Cottonseed
Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $24; Cracked I
Corn, 84@26.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lot?)— Wheat, $21@
20 .".0; Wheat and Ont. $21:5725; Oat, $?fV"2S:
Barley, nominal; compressed Wheat, $22926;
compressed Oat, $2Q@22 ;,0: Alfalfa, $14016;
Clover, nominal; Oregon Timothy, $14@16.
STRAW— i.V<i S'Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are very firm and another advance Is
not unlikely In some descriptions.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90©3; Small Whites, $1 60@
1 V.\ I,arge Whttes, $1 KOI 75; Pinks, %2 2."fw
2 65; Reds, $2 25!a2 35; Blackeye. nominal; But
ters, $1 4001 80; Llmas, tS W©2 50; Pea. «l O.Vu
1 76; Red Kidneys, J2 2f.f>2 3f) per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Muatard, {2 15®8 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $3 15^3 25; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2<4'ff2 ! Vic per tb; Alfalfa. So6c; Rape, 2>4@
2*; c; Hemp. 2*itqZc; Timothy, 506)40.
DRIED PEAS— Mies, ?1 75(52; Green, $1 90<@
2 10 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
An advance In Asparagus was about the only
change worthy of note. All other kinds were in
good supply.
String Beans brought 10@15c per 1b and Green
Peppers 10'TTir.c.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. SO^SSc; River Reds,
BOfffiOc; River Burbanks, GO® 63c per sack; Ore
gon BurbankH. 65#S5Oi P'taluma Burbanks, 50
(570 c per sack; Sweet Potatoes. $1 25 for Mer
ced; new Potatoes, *i!jj2e per lb.
ONlONS— Choice, $2 50@2 70; cut Onions, |1 50
Iff 2 2.". per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 607 boxes As
par.tgus, 451 boxes Rhubarb and 726 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, .*2<fi2 28 for extra large; $1 50^1 75
per box for No. 1, 75crt7$l 2". for No. 2; Rhubarb.
B>®soc per box for small to good and 60-g>7sc for
extra choice; Green Peas. "jcf<sl 25 per sack;
Dried Peppers. 6@7c per lb; Dri"d Okra. 12!4c;
Cabbage, 65&75 C per ctl ; Carrots, 25(9'60c per
sack; Cucumbers, 40c-gsl per dozen; Mexican
Tomatoes, repack, $lftl 75 per box
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, rr.w. 12c per lb in lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated. lG'alSo; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, Coc; Carrots, old, 13c: new, 18c:
Cabbage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Enstern sold at lie for Turkeys,
$5 50 for Ducks, $1 25 for Geese, $5 60(5"6 for
Hens, $S for ynune Roosters. $4 50 for old
Roosters and $6 CO for Fryers.
There was no change of any consequence In
local stock.
POULTRY— Live. Turkeys. 10© 12c for Gob
blers and ll@l2V&c for Hens; Geese, per pair
Jl@l 25; Goslings, $1 75f2 25; Ducks. $3 50@4 60
for old and $4 Co@7 for young; Hens. $3 50®
4 50; Roosters, young. $7WS "0; Roosters, old
$4T(4 50; Fryer*. $6ffG 50; Broilers, $4 5096 50 for
large. $2 23(ig3 50 for small; Pip-eons, $1 50@l 75
per dozen for young and $1 25@1 50 for old.
GAME -Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There Is no decline in Butter, but It Is weak,
for the reasons given yesterday. Eggs are %c
off and dull. There Is no change In Cheese
THTTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 21c; seconds
19(&20c. ■
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 18@20c; common
grades, 13(<?17V J .o per lb.
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamer}', 16@17c;
ladle-packed, i;<gl6c per tt>; Eastern Elgin tub'
to arrive, 19c.
CHEESE — Choice mild ; new, 10c; common
to good. 7ttO*o; Cream Cheddar, NXguic;
Young America, 10@llc; Western, ll@12e; East
ern. 12 1 *'6'13V-c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, l2H<sia%c per ; dozen ;
store Eggs, ll»A(g>12c; Eastern, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Several boxes of Cherries came in and sold
at $1 per box.
A fancy Navel Orange will bring the top
quotation, as the Orange market Is firm.
Strawberries continue to bring the prices, re
ceipts being light. ■
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— '
Strawberries, 5047 70 c per drawer for larce and
75c<5W for small berries. • •
Apples. 40«j'60c per box for common, 75c<f2i«l
for good to i>holc» and $1 2r,@l SO for fancy l
m CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges, -»1 50@S;
Seedlings. 75c@$l 25; Lemons, 60c@$l for com
mon and II 2.mj2 2."» for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $3 50^4; California Limes, in small
boxes. 40(g50c: Bananas. $1 25(52 per bunch-
Pineapples, *3©4 per d.izen. '
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
Prunes are now selling better than anything
else on the list, and prices are .somewhat
higher. Apricots ' are i weak,' as the speculative
fleimmd has been satisfied for th» present.
Honey still meets with a good demand.
DRIED FRUITS— carload lots, 4<[f4 1
for 40-50's. 3HIMC for 60-60's, 3W3>-ic for 60-70' »,
2^i@3c for 70-80 8, 2@2V4c for 80- A) -•<. ]%•#
2c for 90- 100' Peaches, 3©oc; fancy, si
(g>6c: peeled, 10@12Hc; Apricots, 6<S'6Hc:for Roy
als and 7'3'Sc for good to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, *\y&lc; sun-dried, 4f?>sc;
Black Figs, In sacks, 2:<J2Vic; Plums. 4Vi(^4^ic
for pitted and lifflHc for unpitted; bleached
Plums, s@sV*c; Nectarines. 4<&'oc for prime to
fancy; Pears. 2VB^?4'/ic for quarters and 3@sHc
for halves according to color, etc.
RAISINS— IV4<&2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3V»c for four-crown, 4'^c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1@
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2^c.
— Chestnuts are quotable at Sc per lb:
Walnuts, 3(g'4c for hardshell and 4g6c for soft
shell: Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 637 c for j
softshell, SH@9c for paper-shell; Peanuts,
♦(ffj'/ic for Eastern and 4Vjc for California; Pe
cans, 6%<3Sc; Filberts, S'^@loc; Brazil Nuts,
S©"9c per 1b; Cocoanuts, $4 50©.} per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9@lCc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water- white extracted, b%<®
fie; light amber extracted. ■l*4@sVic per lb.
BEESWAX— 26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
There la a fair outward movement of goods
at the old prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 914 c per lb for
heavy. 9%c for light medium, 10» 4 c for light,
lie for extra light and 12'/2c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10V4@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess lieef, $'1 per bbl ; extra
Mess Beef. $10; Family Beef. jll(&12; Salt Pork, •
$0; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $13;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per lb. \
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at Site per lb
for compound and 7c for pure; pails, 7%c;
California tierces, s^c per lb for compound ;
and 6V4e for pure; half barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins.
7%c; 6-lb tins. Be.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6T4©6Hc; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb pails, 60 in a case, B%c;
3-lb palls. 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 In a i
case, S'<ic; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, BHc-; &0-lb !
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, 7%c: fancy tubs, 80 lbs not. 7Hc; half
bbla, about 110 lbs, 7^c per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
These markets continus dull and wean.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brand! sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium 8^(590; light. BVic, Cow
hides, S^@9c; Stags, sc; salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, i;.'»l6c; culls and brands, 12@
I3c; dry Kip and Veal, le^ieVic; dry Calf,
lS@l9c; culls, 16®17c; Goatskins, 30-&S7V2C each;
Kids, 5(gl0c; Deerskins, good summer, 25<fr3'X;
per It); medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20©2£>c each; short wool, 40@60c
each; medium, 60@S0c; long wool, 90c(g$l 20
each.
TAU/>\V-.N'o. 1 rendered, 3^3Vic per lb-
No. 2. 2'3 l 2Vic; refined, sc; Grease, 2c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquln, defective, 7@
9c; Southern Mountain, 9iQUc; free Northern,
12@13c; Northern, defective, 9@llc per It).
HOPS— IB 96 crop. 2<36c for poor to fair and
B@loc for good; 1597 crop, ll@l4c per rt>.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Mutton and Lamb are weak, and the latter
are shaded again. Hogs are fairly active.
There is no change In Beef.
Wholesale rate 3 for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6V2C; second quality
6Vs<»t>c; third quality, 4@Gc per It).
VEAL— Large, *(36c; small, 6Hsj>7c per rb.
MUTTON— Bc<g9c; Ewes, 8c per lb
LAMB— Spring, SV39c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3?i<g3%c for large and 4@
4Hc for medium; stock Hogs, 2@2Vt>c; dressed
Hogs, SHS6V4c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin. $5 30.
COAL— Wellln«**«Ti. $S p»- ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, i
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend
j $7 BO; Cumberland. $10 25 in bulk and $11 50
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs, Castle Gate
and Pleasant Valley. $3; Coke, $12 per ton In
bulk and $14 in sacks.
Quotations are still firmer. Chinese
mixed, $4 50 per ctl; No. 1. $4 8504 90; extra
No. 1, $5 1565 50; Hawaiian, $5 50@5 62%; Ja- i
F. a ?;,-. ib 40 ® J 60; Rangoon, $4 75; Louisiana, ■
♦4 50fi6.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed ;
and Fine Crushed, 6v£c; Powdered, 6%c; Dry j
Granulated, s*ic; Confectioners" A, 6«ic; Mag
nolia A. 5%c; Extra C, 5y 4 c: Golden C, 5%c;
Candy Granulated. s^c; California A, 5Hc per
lb; hall barrels Vie moro than barrels! and
boxes %c more. -.".--;
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, April 22.
Flonr, qr ska .. 7,903 Hay. tons 170 ''■
Wheat, ctls 810 Straw, tons 10 ■
Barley, ctls 6.190 Eggs, doz 20 190 '
Rye. ctls $40 Wine, gals 51,000
Butter, ctls 336 Hops, bales .... 30 I
Cheese, ctl 3 98 Wool, bales 514 j
Tallow, ctls 358 Hides, no 533 ;
Beans, sks 50 Lime, bbls 81
Potatoes, sks ... 820 Quicksilver, flsk. 113 j
Onions, sks 310 Pelts, bdls 685
Alfalfa seed. sks. - 160 ■■
OREGON.
W heat. ctls 8101 Oats, ctls 600
Barley, ctls 2,3251 Potatoes, t>ks ... 3is
■ WASHINGTON.
Flour, ■jr sks ... 9,7261 Bran, Fks 2 100 :
Wheat, ctls 1,510 Shorts, sks - 73
Barley, ctls 46" Millfeed. sks .... 135
Oats, ctls ....... 4.250|
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls I,COO| ..; 
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
There Is no change In Butter and Eggs,
though both are weak in the wholesale mar
kets.
Meats and Poultry range about the same as
last week. Fish Is plentiful.
A few Cherries have appeared, but they are
small an.J green. Strawberries are not coming
in very freely. Vegetables are In good supply
Following is The Call's regular weekly reta'li
price list:
| Coal, per ton —
Cannel ..? @12 00 i Castle Gate.. 11 000 -
Wellington . ©10 00 Pleasant VI. II OOW '
New Welling- Southfleld
ton — 10 00| Wellington <a 950 !
Seattle 8 00® 1 Coos 8uy.... ©7 50
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per | Common Eggs 154S—
; square 40@45 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 13937 doz lo<S2o
Do. good 30ig— Honey, comb Dei- '■
Cheese, Cal 100121 lb '.. lo^ir,
Cheese. Eastern.. 2o l Do, extracted.'." 8010
Cheese, Swiss 20@30| bm[) |
Meats, per pound-
Bacon 12@17 Pork, fresh... 12WT; '
Beef, choice 12«j15 Pork. salt... " "lolls
Do, good 8010 Pork Chops... "
Corned Beef SdjlO Round Steak., "10$ ;
Ham, Cal 12%©13 Sirloin Steak "iJuSZ
•Do. Eastern — ©16 Porterhouse do' l7A«n
Lard Snicked Beef ""_||"> '
Mutton . lpjMPork Sausages '"—kin 1
Spring Lamb 12015 1 Veal ?.... \->%\-
Poultry and Game— *- v
Hens, each.... 50® 60 Turkeys, pr !b 18-?? i<?
Young Roost- ; Ducks, each 50 --
ere, each.... 65@ 85 Geese, each.... i "254, > ■»,
Old Roosters, 1 Pigeons, pair Smi an
each 50®.- Rabbits! pa r'-_I «
Fryers, each.. 65^ - Hare, each. % V* '
•Broilers, each. 40® 60 © 2 j
Fruits and Nuts—
Almonds, lb 12@15 Oranges, doz iKenn
Apples, 1b.. .....:. 30 5 Raisins," I °?: %« |
Bananas, doz 15@20 St-nwherries nr" ®
Lemons, doz 20Si»5 basket . " P • InM e '
Limes, doz ..10@15 Walnuts lb r,T°
. Vegetables— ••••... io«f— j
Asparagus, 1b.... 5@ 8 Dried Okra, lb —^on
Artichokes. d0z..15'a'25 Onions, lb ' D "*^fv2
Beets. do= ........ 12@15 Peppers, dried: '.'.'.ltun
Beans, white, lb.. va o Potatoes lb -vH, I ;
, Colored 1b...... 4@ 5 Do Sweet 31 , '
Lima, lb B§6 Parsnips, do'z i-»m
Cabbage, each.... s@lO I Rhubarb lb I%i
Cauliflowers, each B®lo Radishes, dz 'bchß'in^i»
Celery bunch ...G©- Sage. . ft. ... Chß - 1 1 , 2 -
Cress, doz bch5...20@25 String R,v ln » U.":'. '- 3o ■
Cucumbers. dz.6Ocol 25 Thyme lb * --^f;2
Green Peas, 1t>.... 3@ 5 ; Turnips. doz"""T-^
lentils, fc:::::: 0® 8 I Tomatoes, lb lot 2
Lettuce, doz 15@20 I 10@15
Fish, per pound-
Barracuda 10@— Shrimps . cram
Carp 5f 8 Shad "' S J%™
Codfish B@lo Sea Bass B^T7
Flounders 6@ S Smelts T.. SK
Herring — (ft— Soles .••••. ..12@15
Halibut 12®ir, Skates "each""""7^m
Klnf.sh -gio Tomcod ; ,Co^, C o^
Mackerel -®- ciams. g a I^7
pp e DD rr o ch Hor9e ifcaififeisS
*,ell-", ell -" iu(tf~~ Lrabs. each m/»n
SSSSS,°. 15 ,'^- s» «oft S heii.'dz::L°^l
S3SSS 1 . smoked: :JSg= eSaKSiaj^jft!
Salmon, fresh.... ■!(*?- Do nStera* d«"j3©M
THE CALL CALENDAR
April. IS9S.
SVe Th.
ZIl
13 U
20 21
2T IT
1
s
©Pull Moon,
April 6.
CLsvst Quarter
V& April 13.
x^v New Moon.
I W April 20.
Moon's Phases.
15
22
16
23
30
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch nf the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
otiice where complete nets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
lor comparison and reference, and the latest
lntormathm can always be oDtained regarding
iignts. dangers to navigation and all matters
or Interest to ocean com me. re
t TT me ball on to r> of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
py telegraphic signal received each day from
Island" 'ce<lc e<l Btates Naval Observatory at Mare
A notice stating whether the time ball was
cropped oa time or giving th« error, If any, is
published the fame day by the afternoon
papers and by the morning papers thf> f'll.w
| Ing day \v. P. HUGHES.
i Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Burvey.
Times and i. eights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Frantiacn R;n Published by ..inclal au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
1 twenty-five minutes lat than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both plac-s.
APhIL is:i.s
Saturday, April 2u.
; Sunrises... 5:22
■ Sun sets R:53
I Moon seta 9:54 p. m.
H^iPeet!Tl!ll!:!Feet iT^!F'eet!Z^? ll PP e e-.
IK IV LW I H TVi I L Wl
23 0:1*1 5.11 7:O«J| — o.'. 2:1?
24 O:3J 8.3 7:48, —0.1 3:11
25 1:00 1 5.1 8:2.' 1 0.1 4:1..
2'l 1:30 4.7 ":l-> O.M 5: IS
X 2:07 it 10 0, Or. 11:12
28 3:1-. i.l| 10:.). 0.8 0:45
29 4:4.'> B.U 11:4 1.0 7:1.">
L \V H W L W
SO 0:50 2.8 819 3.S 11:42
4.1 ri: " 3.
4.1 7:00 3;
4.0 1 7:4» 3.
4.1 1 B:.'>S 8.1
4.'.' ! 10:38 3.1
4.4 11:4; 8.;
4 in \v ■■■■
II W
12 1 7:44 *.'
4.11
I I
B.S
NOTE- In the above exposition of the tide!
the rarly morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column elves the second tide >f
the day. the third time column th» third tide,
nn<l the last r,r right lrand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as some'imes occurs. The heights
given are additions to tn* soundings on the
I'nlted States Coast Survey charts, except
m-hen a minus si?n (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtractlve fromj
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
r.-iV'-.-.|,,-.. ,s Ihi- n-.«*a'i ■■ :' :)['■ lowor !qw
sii:ami;u> to aiikivk.
!
v* eiiinfrxun ... .
Norm Fora
Santa Rota ..
Humboldt". i
A lice Blanc hard
Orizaba .. .. .
Willamette. ..
Projrreso ....
Crpupf>nt Cltv. |
Ove^o 1 I
Cocm Bay !
Znal.indla !
We^ott I
Titania
Washtenaw .
Pomona
Walla Wa11a....
Cleveland
Valencia
Co.umoia
Arcata
Burma
Homer
Gaelic
AcaDUlco
Departure Bay
aumtx>iat
Pan Dlero
I Alaska
Seattle
Hum oo lot
Seattle
Seattle
I Crescent CltT
I Portland
| Newton
Honolulu
I Humboldt
i Kanaimo ..-
'Tacoma.
San Dlegro..
Victoria & Pupet Sound . .
Seattle
Alaska
Poruana
Coos Bay
Nanaimo
Humboldt
China ana Japan
Panama I
Apr
Apr 23
Apr 23
Apr U
Apr 24
Apr 2«
Apr 21
Ai»r?.»
Apr 'li
Apr 23
Apr 25
Apr 2-i
Apr -X
Apr :'«
Apr 2rt
Apr >:
Apr 27
Apr !7
Apr 2i
Apr to
Apr 28
Apr 23
Apr 2-j
\pr
I Apr 29
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
BTKAMia i DEBTIXATfOXi
Sail.*.
I PtBS.
Arcat.3
Homer
Slate of Cal
Humboldt. I
Sama Kosaj
ABlanohrd
Coos Hay
Huroboldt ...
i Portland
[Alaska
; san Diosro i
! Tnquina Bay.
i Humboldt
Cmna A Japan
Vie & Pet Sna i
I Humboldt ...
HurnboMt ....
Portland
Newport
i Panama
I Humboldt. ...
i San Dieso (
I Portland j
Cnlna& Japan i
Pnjrel Sound.. |
Apr Ti. b PJI
Apr 23. yAM
Apr -H. 10 AM
jApr 25
iApr 25. 11 aim
Apr ?j. 3 pm!
Apr 25. a PMJ
Apr 2':. 1 PM;
i Apr 26. 1U Ail
apr 26. U ay.
Apr :'(i. 10 A>t
Apr 27. 10 Ail
Apr 2r. 9 AM
Apr 28. 12 Jl
; Apr 28, a am:
(Apr 21.2 1. 11 A*
iApr :■«). 10 AM i
iApr WJ, 1 PM 1
Anr 30 i
Pier it
Pier 11
Pier U
Pl'er'ii
Pier 13
I
! Pm"s3
Pier a
Pier i
Pier '.i
Pier 12
Pier U
PMSS
i Pier U
I Pier U
Pier 12
PM S3
i
Sciinoa I
Venus 1
City Puebla
Norm Fork]
Orizaba.. ..I
Oregron . . . .
Coo* Bay..
Newport...
Weoott
Pomona I
Columbia. . |
City of Rio I
Cleveland..
I
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chant *' Exchange. San Francisco April
22. IS9B.
The lime ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of ths
12fith meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time. J. T. McMILLAN,
Assistant In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, April 23.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. 58 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett, 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Roanoke, Kldston, 51 days from Balti
more.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 53 hours from Coos
Bay.
Sehr Mary Etta, Nyman, IS hours from Bow
ens Landing.
Schr Nellie Coleman, Ross, 150 days from
Boston.
Schr Monterey. Beck. IK hours from Bowons
Landing. Up river direct.
Schr La Chllena, Madsen, 9 hours from Fort
Ross.
Schr Ralph J Long, Gruggle, 8 days from
Portland.
CLEARED.
Friday. April 22.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, r- -- Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Ship Charmer, Holmes, New York; John Ro
senfeld's Sons.
Br hark Dominion, Berquist, Port Towns
end: master.
Schr W F Witzemar.n, Olsen. Unalaska;
Alaska Commercial Exploration Compan-.
SAILED.
Friday, April 22.
U S stmr Monadnock, Whiting, Port Ange
les.
Stmr Whltesboro. Johnson.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Snnta Cruz.
Schr Gem. Nelson, Coi i Bay.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Blhlers Point.
TKI.^GRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— April 2" 1" p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind Nff; velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Lucile loads coal at Seattle for this
port ; Coloma. lumber at New Whatcom for
Guayqull, 50s; Helen N Klmball. lumber at
Grays Harbor for Apia; Nor stmr Urd, steel
ru.ls at Tacoma, for Kobe.
SPOKEN.
Per Roanoke— April 8— Lat 15 14 S, long 77 28
W, D S stmr Oregon, hence March 19.
April s— Lat 37 S, long 21 W, Br ship Indian
Ei..pire. from Oregon, for Queenstnwn
April 13— Lat 34 N, long 41 10 W. Br bark
Earl of Dunraven, from Tacoma, for Queens
town.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 18— Schr John
F Miller, for Redondo: schr Occidental, for
Ventura.
SKATTLE— Arrived Anril 22— Stmr Brixhitm,
from Dyea.
ASTORlA— Arrived April 22— Schr Salvator.
hence April 14.
MENDOCIXO— Arrived April 22^ — Schr S Dan
ielson. henoe April IT.
ALHIi >N -Sailed April 22— Stmr Cleone, for
San Francisco.
TACOMA— PaIIM April 22-Stmr Del Norte,
for Dyea; stmr Washtenaw and ship Colum
bia, fur San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 22— Schr Spar
row, from Eureka.
El'REKA— Arrived April 22— Stmr Hueneme,
hence April 21.
NEWPORT — Arrived April 22— Bktn Uncle
John, from Eureka.
Sailed April — Stmr Alcatraz, for .
Et'REKA— Sailed April 22— Stmr North F-orfc
for San Francisco.
PORT Ll'DLOW— Sailed April 22— Schr An
nie M Campbell, for Honolulu.
S\N PEDRO— Arrived April 22— Stmr Samoa,
hence April IS.
Sailed April 22— Schr Eliza Miller, for Eu
reka.
FORT BRAOU— Arrived April 22— Stmr Co
quille River, hence April 21.
Sniled April H— Stmr Fulton, for .
..KDY CREEK— Arrived April 21— Schr
Barbara Hernster. hence April 20.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— Arrived April 21— Ship Cyrua
Wakefield, from New York, to load for San
Francisco. FOHBaGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived April 20— Stinr Finance, fm
UVBRPOOlj— Arrived April 21— Br ship
Aherfoyle, hence Nov 6.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed April 20— Stmr City of
Peking, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed April 21— Br bark
Pu Guesclln. for Hamburg.
HONOLULU— Arrived March 31— Brig W O
Irwin hence March 19. April 3 Haw bark
Diamond Heatl. from Port Blakeley. April 4—
Bktn Jane L Stanford, from Newcastle, NSW;
Whal bark Andrew Hicks, hence March 20.
r il g — Ship A J Fuller, from New York: bktn
\\ 'T Dimoad,, hence Marco K. April 9— Br
Ftmr Belglc. hence April '2. Arrll 13— Br stmr
Braem&r, from Yokohama; Haw stmr Zealan
dla hence April 6; stmr city of Rio <le Janeiro
from Yokohama. April 14— Schr Aloha, hence
March IT; Br stmr Wftrrtmoo, from Sydney.
Sailed March 30 — Ship Henry B Hyde, for
New York: Haw stmr China, for Yokohama,
Br stmr Moana, lor Sydney: stmr Alameda, for
San Francisco; bktn Klikltat, for Port Gam
ble; schr Robert Searles for Pan Francisco.
March 31— Tir stmr Crip- Otway. for Victoria-
April 4— Bark Alden Besae for San Francisco.
April 5— Whal bark Andrew Hicks, cruise: Ocr
bark H Hackfeld. for San Francisco; bktn Irm
gard, for San Francisco. April 7— Brlp Wm G
Irwin. for San, Francisco. April 9 — Br stmr
Belize, for Yokohama. April 10— Bktn John
Smith, for San Francisco. April U— Bark Fres
no, for Port Townsend. April 12— Bark Mohi
can, for S.tn Francisco. April 14 — Br stmr
Braeniar. for Portland.
KAHULUl— Arrived April r>— Ship Luzon, frm
Shanghai. March 30-Schr Ottille Fjord, from
Hilo.
Sailed April 9— Bris Lurline. for Pan Fran
cisco; «chr Ottilie Fiord, for — -. April 2— Bktn
Mary Wlnkelman, for San Francisco.
HlLO— Arrived April I— Schr Aloha, hence
March 17. March 30— Ship Geo Stetson, from
Or Ron.
Sailed April S— Bark Charles B Kenny, for
San Francisco.
HO v<HPl'— Sailed March 2»— Schr Repeat,
for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— To sail April 22— U S stmr Bal
timore, from Honolulu.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed April 21— Stmr Acapulco,
for San Francisco.
PANAMA— SaiIed April 20— Stmr San Jose,
for Sao Francisco.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MANY SHOTS
FIRED WHILE
AT DINNER
■■Bullets Pass Through
the Hair of Young
Corrigan.
The Father's Head Is
Also Grazed by a
Missile.
Careless Work of a Neighbor
In the Fruitvale
District.
IS PLACED UNDER ARREST.
Mr. Schneider Was Practising so as
to Be Ready for Thieving
Tramps.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Kmadway. April 22.
J. P. Corrigan, who was sitting at din
ner with his wife and children at Twen
ty-seventh avenue two nights ago, had
E to believe that the Span
iards had landed in the rear of his gar
den. Bullets flew through his house
thick and fast, one plowed through his
■ grazed Mrs. Oorri
0 more were within
inches of going through his wife's
head.
At the hack of Mr. Corrigan's premises
lives a Mr. Snyder, who is somewhat of
a rifleman. A few days ago he discov
ered a tramp lurking about his premises
and he determined to be prepared for
any emergency. He purchased a maga
rifie and decided to practice with it
fo that he could hit a prowling burglar
11 so desired.
.Mr. E knows absolutely nothing
■ the deadlinesa or speed or any
ether feat . --azine rifle steel bul
lets. He put up a target at the extreme
end of his lot. which runs through the
from Mr. Corrigan's premises, and
•.. ded to practice just at dusk. There
■ nee, with generous inter
: knotholes, between the two
■lies.
Mr. Corrigan and his family were slt
when Mr. Snyder's prac
gan. Hia target was slxi
from the open back uoor of the Corrigan
house and right in line with it. Snyder's
Bhots came through the open door about
two feet above the level of the table.
: them cut their way clean
through the board fence and a couple of
them buried themselves in the frame of
the door leading Into a parlor in front
of which Mrs. Corrigan was sitting. •
The family dared not move out in the
for deatii would have been certain.
quickly :^s possible out of the
):: . . •: fire and one ot the boys went up
and shouted to Snyder to stop.
Bnyder stoj und was the
: surprised man in the world when
one of the elder boys. wh<> is a deputy
ible, jumped over the fence and
placed him under ar: ■
Bnyd< r made profuse apologies for his
lack ot common sense, and offered to pay
all kinds of damages. Mr. Corric&n in
formed him in forcible language that
while the actual damage might not ex
tffo biis it was only by a hair's
!th that he escaped being guilty of
murder. Mr. ("orrigan refused to allow
his son to keep Snyder under arrest, be
onvinced that his conduct was noth-
Ut the grossest carelessness, and on
ler'a assurance that such stupidity
■would not occur again he was released.
An examination of the fence showed
that f«me of the bullets had cut clean
igh. leaving holes big enough to put
a finger in.
KING IS ATTACKED AGAIN.
The Captain Smith Estate Is to Be a
Bone of Contention.
OAKLAND, April 22.-Sadie E. Thomp
son and Lena I. Sn^dgrass have peti
tioned Judge Ellsworth to remove C. K.
King as administrator of the estate of
John W. Smith, deceased. King has been
cited to appear at 10 a. m. Monday, May
3, to appear and show cause why
the letters should not be revoked. He
Is charged with incompetency, misman
agement, waste and party to fraud upon
the estate. A similar complaint was made
last year, but withdrawn before it went
to trial. C. H. Smith of Denver, a son
of the deceased, caused King to be ap
pointed and is a bondsman.
The plaintiffs charge that King paid
$1274 on September 23, 1896, to Charles H.
Smith on a claim not chargeable to the
t-s-tate, J2ll 40 being taxes on property re
corded in his name, and $ST7 3S assess
ment on the Shenandoah mine, which also
stood in his name, and was not in the
Inventory. Other cases cited are $20 SO
taxes on Kansas property; $49 90 for per
, property on an assigned claim;
|346 06 to J. J. McSorley, and $305 for a
lumber bill, the material of which was
: furnished. Mr. King denies these
charges as maliciously false statements.
lie ?a.id:
Captain Smith, as all know, was the builder
and owner or" the California and Nevada Rail
road, the bonds of which, together with sev
eral other pieces of property, were given and
deeded to his sons and daughters long before
his death, leaving only two small pieces of
property In Contra Costa County, as the Cap
tain thought it would be sufficient to pay his
Just debts and which were not quite enough,
bo that his son, Charles Smith, was obliged to
put his hands In his pockets to make up the
deficiency to pay said debts. There has never
been any sum of money, much l«ss vast sums.
en deposit In any bank in any one's name, as
stated, and the estate has always been solvent-
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. April 22. -City Attorney
jjow pas r mmpnded that separatr bids
ho asked for th« advertisement of the de
linquent tax Hat. Heretofore it has been
done in the official printing.
PrtftciP«U P. O. B. Dunbar of the Dur
antbchool was tenderer! a surprise yes
terday by the teachers and pupils in his
school, it i eing his birthday. Hi 3 of
•■■• ns filled with flowers and a lunch
eon served.
Mrs. A. UcKensle, of 661 Ninth street,
has reported to the police that a stylish
ly dressed gentleman passed a Confeder
ate $5 note upon her yesterday. Bhe giv
ing him $3 in change.
K. A. peterson, a juror in the Legault
arson trial, was missine -when the case
was called this morning. When told that
Peterson had g..ne to Mare Island the
attorneys and court feared he had left
for the war, but he 6oon appeared and
dlßpelled their ff>ars.
Reliance Officers Re-elected.
OAKLAND. April 22-The Reliance
Club held its annual meeting last night
and re-elected its trustees, who in turn
!"■ ted the officers of the past year
The directors are R. M. Fitzgerald i H
Ames. H. A. Tubbs. C. H. Lovell. J. CaJ
Ewing, Philip S. Carlton. John A. Brltton
If. W. Jellett. Tne officers are R M
Fitzperald, president: j. H. Ames, vice
Jdent; 11. A. Tubbs, treasurer, and
> hilip S. Carlton. secretary.
Death of Christian Bauer.
OAKLAND. April 22.— Christian Bauer,
the aged capitalist who was stricken
down on the steps of tne Hall of Records
c few weeks ago, died this morning- at bis
home. 1227 Twenty-fifth avenue, from
apoplexy. He has resided in this city for
thirty years, and leaves one son and two
daughters. His wife died about four
months ago.
WANT JUSTICE
FOR DONELLY
His Accusers Proved to
Be Men of the Worst
Type.
Probable That the Claim of
a Plot Had Some
Foundation.
Ex-Officer Banks and Charles Pipen
berg Gave the Testimony That
Convicted Him.
pakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April 22.
An effort will soon be made to secure
the release of John Donelly from San
Quentin. Donelly is serving a fifteen-year
term for burglary in the first degree, but
there are so many suspicious circum
stances connected with the evidence un
der which he was convicted that there !s
now a substantial doubt as to whether
he was guilty or not.
Donelly was tried under a complaint I
sworn to by Charles L. Banks, then a
police officer, now a fugitive from Oak
land. At his trial Donelly asserted that
be was the victim of a plot on the part of
! Banks and one Charles Pipenberg, now a
' convict, who had determined on getting:
I him out of the way. Donelly's story was
to the effect that Pipenberg told h^n he
■ had some goods in a certain place and
that if they went together they could pro
cure them. In order to gain an entrance
into the house, Pipenberg, it was stated,
left the entrances open, and with Donelly
went in at nighttime. Banks was near by,
and had no difficulty in arresting Donelly
and charging him with burglary. Banks
. also, to make his case more solid, had a
prior charge of petty larceny included in
the complaint.
; Just how much of Donelly's story is true
will perhaps never be known; but Banks
and Pipenberg, the witnesses for the
prosecution, have since been proved to be
thoroughly worthless and unreliable as
well as criminal, and there is a feeling
among those who believe in fair play
that Donelly was not convicted on reiia
1 ble testimony.
Officer Banks mysteriously disappeared
■ from this city about two years ago, just
at the time when an important bribery
case centered around Chinese lotteries
. was about to come to trial. Banks ar
ranged the meeting at his house with
some Chinese gamblers, and ar'ter he had
; secreted witnesses he induced the Chinese
j to tell him of various times and places
at which they had given hush money to
ChWef of Police Shafer. There was ill
'■ feeling between Shafer and Banks, and
; no credence was placed in Banks' plot to
compass the Chief's disgrace. A little
later the question arose as to whether
Banks had not committed perjury regard
ing his citizenship when taking the oath
of a police officer. Other matters were
; brought up, and Banks discovered that
he was facing criminal proceedings i
sides. One night he went out on his beat
, as usual on Broadway, and noi
ever been seen of him since. It was then
discovered that he had sold his waxrant
in advance, and the bolder of it «
: to prosecute him, but he could not be
found. This is the man upon whose testi
mony largely Donelly was convicted.
Charles Pipenberg. the other witness
; for the prosecution, has a criminal record
ias long as any man in the county. He
- has done time for all sorts of crimes, be
; sides being addicted to the use of opium.
; Now that the true character of the lead
ing witnesses against Donelly has come
: out it is thought that the man in San
Quentin should have a "show." Unlike
wealthy prisoners, he was unablo to se
, cure a few years' continuance, but w; ■
speedily tried and convicted. -The infor
, mation against him was filed in the Su
■ perior Court February 19, 1391. Thirteen
days later he was found guilty. Judg
, ment was postponed for a week, when a
rr. ->tlon in arrest of judgment was denied;
another for a motion for a new trial was
as promptly denied, and on March 16
Donelly was sentenced to sixteen years,
largely on account of the prior conviction
of petty larceny, which Banks had ma
i liciously placed against him. It is not
j argued by his friends that Donelly Is a
| model young man. but it is said that he
lat least deserves justice, and having
| served over seven years it is thought to
be reasonable, considering all the clrcum
' stances, that he should now be regarded
| as being worthy of release on parole if
not of an absolute pardon.
PATRIOTISM IS
RECOGNIZED
Flags Raised by Official Action
on the Municipal
Buildings.
Policemen Granted Leave of Ab
sonce, With Their Places
When They Return.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 22.
When the news of the capture of the
Spanish merchantman by the cruiser
Nashville reached the City Hall this
morning the Board of Public Works was
in session. The following resolution was
drawn up and adopted immediately:
Resolved, That hostilities having been com
menced betwen the United States and Spain,
the Chief of Police, the Chief o( the Fire De
partment and Janitor of the City Hall be and
they are hereby directed to raise the flajjri
above the various municipal buildings.
When the Police and Fire Commission
ers met they adopted the following:
Resolved, That in the event of war being de
clared between the United States and Spain,
the position of every police officer who may
tender his services to the Government in the
army or navy oi the United Slates, or in any
other official capacity, and shall actually serve
any time during the war, shall only be tempo
rarily filled, and that eich and every substi
tute filling such positions during the leave of
absence which may be granted to the police
officers aforesaid shall expressly stipulate to
vacate and surrender said positions upon the
return of the police officers wnose places they
occupy, it being tne true object of this resolu
tion that the substitutes appointed as afore
said shall receive the pay of said police officers
during the absence and no longer.
Chlc-f Ball of the Fire Department or
dered-the flag disriayed on all of the en
gine houses. Mayor Thomas and City
Attorney Dow raised the stars and stripes
over their residences at noon.
Councilman F. R. Girard has decorated
his store on Broadway with the national
emblem. Several merchants have flung
the flag to the breeze in front of their
places of business. The number of men
on the streets with a Hag upon their
lapels Is increasing dally. Mrs. O. G.
Paker, County Clerk Jordan's stenogra
pher, is the first one to join It with the
Cuban lone star and stripes.
Excessive Bids Rejected.
OAKLAND. April 22.— The Street Com
mittee of the City Council received two
bids last night for the paving of Webster
street, from Fourth to a line 100 feet
south of First street. The Piedmont Pav
ing Company asked $15,414 01, while the
East Oakland Contracting and Paving
Company wanted $16,729 61 for the work
Neither will get it, as the committee be
lieved the bids exorbitant. A double
track and two feet on either side is to be
excepted. New bids will be called for
The pavement is to be of wooden blocks'
with a concrete base.
The wonders of Holland's new de
stroyer of battle-ships are described
in next Sunday's Call.
THE SA:S T FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 23, IS9S.
CONTINUED TILL
AFTER THE WAR
Ex-Judge Gibson Holds a
Unique Court in His
Office.
Judge Carroll Cook Figures
in a Bit of Ancient
Litigation.
Is a Judgment Debtor Because He
Once Was Accommodating .>.-.
Uj a Friend.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 22.
One of the most unique courts ever con
vened In California met last night in the !
office of ex-Judge Gibson to complete a
legal paper over which nine years have .
already been spent.
The case involved Judge Carroll Cook ;
of San Francisco, who now finds himself j
in the unpleasant position of a judgment '
debtor merely because he was accommo
dating enough to go on a note about
twelve years ago in behalf of an estate
which was thought to be solvent. It de- j
veloped later, however, that the estate j
v.as of no value, and in course of time ;
suit was brought and a judgment en
tered against the estate and Mr. Cook.
When Judge Gibson was sitting on the
Superior bench of this county the case
of Gage vs. Cook et a!, was tried. Gage
held a claim against the estate and when
he found it could not be liquidated he
brought suit against Mr. Cook, who had
been induced to sijn the note on behalf
of a friend. The case was tried and
judgment was entered against Conk et a]
and later, in another phase of litigation,
against Cook alone.
It was decided by Mr. Cook ten years
ago to appeal the case to the Supreme
Court. Soon after tnis decision was
reached Judge Gibson went out of office
and Mr. Cook went to San Francisco,
where he became prominent in law and
politics. The affair lagged for a few
years, but Gage became .* o anxious to
collect his judgment that he forced mat
ters to an issue. Attorney Cook then
proceeded to draw up his bill of excep
tions. It is this bill that has been so
many years In process of construction.
Mr. Cook, now Superior Judge Cook, can
not afford much of his time to come to
this county to help draw up the bill
which must be dont\ unless good cause
can be. shown for the contrary by the
Judge before whom the case was tried.
Attorney Shaw, representing Mr. Gage,
is more anxious than ever for a settle
ment, and so at Intervals of about six
months the court convenes in Judge Gib
son's ofhee at nighttime and proceeds
slowly.
At last night's session Judge Gibson In
troduced a novel element into the pro
ceedings. He stated that should It be
necessary he •would again offer his ser
vices to the country, as he did in the
early sixties, and consequently he pleaa
ed with the attorney to allow the mat
ter of settling the bill of exceptions to
co over until after the war. The court
adjourned with the understanding that
the motion to continue "'until after the
war" shall be considered as being under
advisement.
Rolled Beneath a Train.
OAKLAND, April 22.— Henry Davis,
chief engineer of the river steamer Mon
ticello. had both legs amputated above
th" knr-es at the Receiving Hospital this
afternoon. He was on his way from San
Francisco on the 7:15 boat this morning,
when he attempted to aught from the
narrow gauge train at Hay & Wrights
ship yard. lie fell am. rolled in such a
way that his legs went under the train.
He was picked up and brou~nt to Seventh
street by the train hands, where he was
taken off in an express wagon. When
told that his feet must come off he said:
"Well, if that is the case let me die right
here. I don't want to live if I have to
lose both legs."
Be Careful of Water.
OAKLAND, April 22.— The Contra Costa
Water Company has Issued the following
request:
This Reason is the drye«t known In the his
tory of Alameda County, and a second year's
drought may follow, conditions rendering it
advisable to call attention to extravagant use
and waste of water. A small lean or faucet
dripping continually will during the season
waste a large quantity an>l many consumers
are addicted to h ■ vail waste. (Should serious
consequence* hereafter result thfrefrom, we
ehould be blamed for not rnforcing restrictive
measures before the emer?"cy arose. Instead
of waiting until obnoxi'ms restraints might be
come necessary. -•- prefer appealing at once
to the good sense of our patrons and solicit
their co-operatirr. as an abundant supply of
water is requisite for the welfare of the com
munity.
THE KEEFE MATTER.
Police Place No Credence in Eddie's
Story Accusing His Father of
Murdering His Mother.
ALAMEDA. April 22— The Alameda
police take no stock In the story told by
Eddie Keefe as to the alleged murder of
his mother by his father on the morning
of the oth of July last. They are so skep
tical that they say they will do nothing
in the premises unless something more
than Eddie's wild yarn shall transpire to
convince them that a crime has been com
mitted.
Keefe himself is Indignant at this latest
tale of his son, and declares that he
wants nothing so much as an investiga
tion. As stated, however, the police say
there Is nothing to investigate, and the
District Attorney's office made the same
statement to-day in response to a query
if it Intended to move in the matter.
A short time since Keefe created quite
a scene when a young lady reporter for
one of the city papers called on him and
began to ask him about the disappear
ance of his wife. He pretendod to be so
shocked that he apparently fell to the
ground in a fit. But a young phvsiclan
who was there saw at a glance that he
was fakinp. and brusquely told Keefe to
quit his nonsense, at the same time stir
rir.p him up somewhat vigorously, where
upon he arose to his fo-et and, with a
sheepish look, threw off in an instant all
symptoms of illness.
VOLUNTEERS CALLED FOR.
Trying to Bring Company Q of Ala
meda Up to the Full Complement.
ALAMEDA, April 22.— Company G of
the Fifth Regiment, which belongs in this
city, lacks considerable of having the full
; number of members allowed by law, and
in order to make up the deficiency Cap
, tain Simpson to-day had printed in red
Ink placards as follows:
WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
Volunteers to fill membership of Company G,
Fifth Regiment, N. G. C. It is generally un
derstood that the Fifth Regiment will go to
make up two volunteer regiments from this
State for service at the front. CaJl at the
armory. M. W. Simpson, Captain Company G.
These were posted about town and the
response was almost immediate. Many
inquiries were received at once, and it is
expected that the entire number of re
cruits desired will be quickly obtained.
Pursuant to orders from brigade head
quarters, an election was held by Com
pany G at its armory last evening for a
second lieutenant to take the place of
Lieutenant Claude Shafer, removed.
There were two candidates, Sergeant E.
R. McDonald and Charles Fletter. The
former recived a majority of the votes
and was declared elected. It was under
stood last evening that there was a prob
ability that the company would be called
on for active service, and there was great
enthusiasm among the members in con
sequence.
A Temperance Saloon.
ALAMEDA, April 22.— Rev. H. V. Mor
gan will open a temperance saloon and
lunch room on Central avenue in this city
on Tuesday next. It will be conducted on
the same lines as the one established by
him in San Francisco and now under suo
cessful operation. L'ntil such time as it
shaJl become setf-supporting it will be
maintained by voluntary contributions
raised by the Christian Social Union.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. April 22.— Professor Joseph
Le Conte of the University of California
will supply the pulpit at the Unitarian
Church next Sunday in the absence of
Rev. Dr. Dodson.
The Municipal League has been granted
the privilege of using the City Council
rooms for the purpose of holding a mass
meeting to discuss means for relieving
the overcrowded condition of the schools.
The meeting will be held next week.
Two of the lads accused of committing
a burglary in a vacant store have been
sent out of town by their people and the
third will probably be sent away also
The Call's war news bulletins were dis
played to-day in the window of the
Encinal office on Park street, and were a
great center of attraction. It was the
only means by which the people of this
City could obtain the latest news and
was highly appreciated. Much praise was
bestowed upon The Call for its enterprise.
Charles M. Couchot of San Francisco
and Miss Bertha Baurthillier of this city
were married last evening at the resi
dence of Charles Lever, 2131 Santa Clara
avenue.
The funoral of 11. c. Dannals took place
this morning from his late residence P2i
Taylor avenue, under the auspices of' the
Native Sons.
A tine programme has been prepared
for the-opening clay of the Encinal Yacht
Club, which is to occur on May 14 It
will include races on the bay and a ball
at the club house in the evening.
THE "OLIVE KNOT" AGAIN.
Eeappearance of the Dread Pest in
Southern California.
BERKELEY. April 22.— The appearance
In Los Angeles County of the- "olive knot."
which recently caused alarm among
Merced orchardists, has been reported to
Professor E. W. Hilgard of the agricul
tural department of the university. J.
W. Smith of Marin and Second streets,
Los Angeles, who discovered the pres
ence of the disease in the south, imme-
PROMINENT CALIFORNIA KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.
diately notified Professor Hilgard and will
send specimens of the afflicted tree.
F. T. Bioletti, a member of Professor
Hilgard's staff, recently made careful in
vestigation of the orchard of A. B. Gurr
ut' Merced, which was extensively af
flicted with the disease. Kvery precau
tion was taken to prevent the spread of
the disease, the afflicted trees being up
rooted and burned. The appearance of
the disease In a new locality will proba
bly call forth redoubled efforts on the
part of the university agricultural de
partment to prevent the pest from be
coming general.
Agricultural Report Is Out.
BERKELEY, April 22.— The "partial re
port of work of the agricultural experi
ment stations of the University of Cali
fornia for the years lisHC-Dti and 1596-97"
appeared to-day. The delay in the pub
lication of the report for 1895-96 was
caused by the fire which destroyed the
old agricultural building ci y<-ar ago, at
tbe sarm* time destroying many records
and "copy" for the report.
The closing of the State printing office
and the Farmers' Institute work, which
took up much of the time of the depart
ment staff, also caused delay in the pub
lication of the book. The report for the
two years has been condensed into 455
pages, and is typographically the neatest
that the department has ever published.
The work on the book was .lone by the
university printer, J. W. Flinn.
Co-Eds Nominate Officers.
BERKEI-KV, April 22.— The Associated
Women Students of the University of Cal
ifornia met this morning t,. choose a
president of the Women Students for the
coming year to succeed Miss Marian C
Whipple. The following young ladles, all
members of the junior class, were nomi
nated: Miss Cornelia McKinne. Miss
Lola Simpson and Miss Clotide Grunsky.
The election will be held next Thursday
from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m., and the new
president will be installed on Tuesday at
12:10 o'clock. The other officers will be
elected at the beginnings of the next
term.
Summer Schools in Science.
BERKELEY. April 22.— The physical
and chemical laboratories at Berkeley
will be open during the vacation from
June 23 to August 5. Practical labora
tory courses, supplemented by lectures
will be given. Dr. W. P. Boynton will'
have charge of the work in physics and
J. H. Gray Jr. and W. C. Blasdale of the
work in chemistry.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, April 22.-Professor C. M.
Wood worth of the agricultural depart
ment of the university left Berkeley to
night for Fresno to continue his inves
tigations on the vine hopper. His broth
er, H. O. Woodworth, will leave for an
extensive tour through Southern Califor
nia in search of entomological specimens
for the university.
The Berkeley High School will play the
Lowell High School a game of baseball
to-morrow morning at 10:30 o'clock at
Recreation Park. The game is one of the
semi-finals in the A. A. L. series.
The senior mechanical engineering stu
dents at the State University, under the
direction of Instructor J. N. Le Conte.
have just completed the electric light
plant of the university.
The university rille team will shoot to
morrow morning at Shell Mound in th*>
intercollegiate rifle contest. The team
which will represent the University of
California consists of Ralph Bender, P.
B. Beville, R. R. McGregor, S. V. West,
P. R. Fairchild, J. A. Pearce, P. Castel
hun. J. E. McGulre, E. T. Dow. G. W.
Julien. S. Rawltngs and R. Vanderbllt.
Shigataro Morikubo of Tokio, Japan,
will lecture next Sunday evening at
American Hall, Berkeley, on "Japanese
Marriages."
West Berkeley Lodge No. 21, Order of
Hermann's Sons, will celebrate their fifth
anniversary to-morrow evening in Sis
terna Hall.
The North Berkeley fire company will
meet to-morrow evening to organize
themselves into a military company and
tender their services to the Govornment.
KNIGHTS WILL
PARADE TO-DAY
Grand Templars Bring
Their Conclave to
a Close.
Van Ness Avenue Will Wit
ness a Superb Procession
of Uniformed Members.
Where the Commandery Will Meet
Henceforth— Installation o! New
Officers.
The Grand Commandery. Knights Tem
plar of California, practically concluded
its labors yesterday afternoon.
Almost the entire day was taken up In
the discussion of matters that are not of j
a public character and belong only to the
Sir Knights.
The only subject that is of peneral pub- i
lie interest acted upon was a resolution ■
that commencing next year the Grand
Commandery will meet alternately in
Sacramento, Los Angeles and San Fran
cisco.
The following appointed officers and the
grand officers appointed at the previous i
session were installed at 4 o'clock In the
afternoon by Past Grand Commander
Metcalf, assisted by Past Grand Comman
der Ward, acting as grand marshal:
Grand standard bearer. Sir George Sin
sabaugh of Los Angeles; grand~ sword
bearer. Sir Burris de Jarratt of Colusa;
grand warder. Sir B. P. Flint of San
Francisco; grand orgairtst. Sir Samuel D.
Mayer of San Francisco, and grand cap
tain of the guard, Sir Samuel Warburton
of San Francisco.
Last evening California Commandery
Xo. 1. Knights Templar, exemplified and
conferred the order of the temple before
the Grand Commandery on one candidate
in the asylum. Sir Knight John P. Frazer,
eminent commander, presiding. There
was a large attendance and the work was
executed as only California Commandery
can execute It. Sir Knight A. A. Botkin,
musical director, ably assisted b the
quartet, rendered classical selections to
the great delight of the Knights assem
bled. The occasion, a memorable one,
will long be remembered h'- those who
were privileged to witness the imposing
ceremony, which for beauty and impres
slveness gives to i->ei ->e order of the temple
distinction in the Masonic order.
To-day the Grand Commandery will at
tend the department conclave. At half
nust 2 o'clock in the afternoon there will
be a grand parade on Van Ness avenue,
when the Templar column will be formed
In the following order:
In command— Em. Sir John F. Merrill, grand
Chief of staff— R. E. Sir Frank W. Sumner.
past grand commander.
Surgeon— Sir Knight Curtis G. Kenyon, M.D.
Stall— Sir Knights William Macdonald, James
M>Nab, Edward K. Swain, A. W. Burrell and
GeorKe S. Andres.
Signal ol'llct-rs— Sir Knights H. W. West-
Phal. W. R. Just. R. S. Polastri. J. D. Max
well, Edw. J. Vogel, M. Ryan.
First battalion, Callforpia Commandtrj' No.
1, mounted, formed in four companies, under
command of Em. Sir John f. Fraser, com
mander.
Grand Commandery of California formed as
one company, under command of Em. Sir
Frederick M. Miller, grand captain-general.
Second battalion, San Jose No. 10, Oakland
No. 1L Santa Rosa No. 14, Naval No. 19,
Mount Olivet No. 20, Watsonvllle No. 23, San
Luis Obispo No. 27. Ulciah No. 33. Napa No.
34 and Eureka No. 35, formed In four or more
companies, under command of R. E. Sir
Trowbridge H. Ward, past grand commander.
Third batallion. Golden Gate No. 16, formed
In four companies, under command of Em.
Sir Jonathan M. Peel, commander.
Carriages for only aged and veteran past
grand officers.
To-morrow nifht Golden Gate Com
mandery No. 16 will tender a reception in '
the Mechanics' Pavilion to Eminent Sir ;
George D. Metcalf. grand commander.
The commandery will be under command
of Eminent Sir Jonathan M. Peel, assist- '
ed by C. L. Patton, generalissimo; J. C. j
Campbell, captain general; C. E. Field,
adjutant; W. C. Strond, sergeant major;
Colonel F. W. Sumner, battalion com
mander; Colonel C- H. Murphy, com- j
mander second company; J. C. Spaujding, j
senior warden; C. P. Overton, junior war
den; C. Kellwig, standard guard.
The following named are' the officers of
the drill corps which will give an exhibi
tion of its proficiency In drilling, which
will be witnessed by Major General Dick- j
inson, Brigadier General Warfleld and I
Colonel J. F. Smith and their stafta:
Colonel William Edwards, commandant;
J. R. Aitkin, senior warden; R. McMillan,
junior warden; Sir Knights— R. Ash, R. C.
Emery. R. B. Moore. G. E. Darling, H. D.
Liveiand. H. P. Umbsen. R. B. Hale, R.
Day, R. N. Carson. C. V. Manner, J. M.
Wi'lkins. S. T. Young. G. S. Andrus, G. R.
Armstrong, A. \V. McKenzie. T. Lock
wood S. J. Hendy, E. B. Cutter. W. F. i
Waterson. T. Frolich, T. V. Harris, H. M. I
Furman. H. T. Emory, T. J. Fraaer, W.
C. Wise and M. Parish.
Nowadays there aiv said to be few reg
ular receivers of stolen property in Lon
don. Stolen property of value, which is
capable of identification, is sent out of
the country. It Is sometimes consigned to
Holland, but more generally to Paris.
ON THEIR WAY
TO KLONDIKE
Arrival of a Steamer and
Schooner From East
ern Ports.
The Roanoke From Baltimore
and the Nettie Coieman
From Boston.
On Her Arrival To-Day the Tug Fear
less Will Be Turned Over to
the Government.
The new Klondike steamer Roanoke ar
rived fronj Baltimore yesterday after a
s-mart japtage of flfty-ono clays. The
ac-tua! frtf-amlng time was only forty-nine
days, as Captain Kldston maile thre.e an
clii'iagca ir. the Straits of Magellan. '->n
the Sth list, the battle-sfrio Oregon was
sighted ir latitude 14.15 soutn, longitude
11. 2^ wes. trcing south.
The n^anoke comes here for the North
American Trading and Transportation
Company and will go on the ran between
h<sre and St. Michael. She w.u built in |
1882 and was for a time on the great
lakes. For years she raji bfttwean New
York and Virginia In the Old Dominion
line and was always a favorite. She is
a well-appointed steamer, but her pas-
senger accommodation will be largely in
creased before she goes on the Alaska
route. Captain Kidston, who brought the
Roanoke out. was formerly the master
of the steamer Portland, now owned by
the Alaska Commercial Company. He Is
accompanied by his wife and child.
The Mail Company's steamer Rio de
Janeiro and the Occidental and Oriental
Steamship Company's chartered steamer
Venus both went to the Mail dock yes
terday. In the case of the Venus Dr.
Rosenau and Captain McGregor patched
up their differences and the vessel was
admitted to pratique. Two tugs brought
her over from the Angel Island quaran
tine station and the work of discharging
her began at once. The Rio arrived
Thursday night and as she came in with
a clean bill of health she was allowed
to dock the first thing yesterday morn
ing. She brought over fifty-four cabin
and fifteen European steerage passengers
and 316 Chinese and Japanese.
Owing to the falling off in the pas
senger trade to Dyea and Skaguay tner*
is barely enough business to keep the
regular steamers going, and in conse
quence the sailing vessels that wer»
towed up and down t..e Sound have been
laid up. The charterers have therefore
nothing for the tug Monarch of the "Red
Stack" line to do, and she is coming
back to San Francisco. She has beten
secured by the "Black Stack" Company
and will take the place made vacant by
the sale of the Vigilant to the Govern
ment. The "Red Stack" Company's en
gineers will remain with the Monarch,
but the chances are that Captain Clem
Randall of the big tug Fearless will take
command of her as soon as he turns his
vessel over to Uncle SaVn.
The Harbor Commissioners yesterday
appointed W. M. Gibson Jr. of the Stock
ton assistant captain of dredger is'o. l.
He succeeds William Douglas, whose
term of office has expired.
The German ship H. F. Glade, which
arrived on March 14 in England from
San Francisco, has gone to Bremen to
load merchandise and emigrants for Ha
waii.
The stout American siiip Charmer 1s
ready for sea and will sail for New York
in a few days. Captain Holmes is not
madly in love with the prospects since
war has been declared. He has among
his cargo over 3CKW casks of wine and a
very large consignment of beans, so his
vessel would be a godsend to the hun
gry and thirsty men on some Spanish
cruiser.
The steamer City of Puebla, which ar
rived from Puget Sound ports yesterday,
brought down the remains of two of trie
victims of the snowslide at Sheep Camp
The passage down was a very quick one
and the steamer had to be slowed down
so as not to get In ahead of time. Whiio
docking at New Whau om the Puebla
took four fingers off the hand of a boy
i named Wilson. The lad had his hand
I over the top of a fender pile and was
looking down into the water. He was
not aware of his danger until after the
crush came. At Anacortes the wharf
caught fire and the boys on the steamer
had to organize a bucket brigade in or
! der to save the structure.
The new river steamer H. J. Corcoran
was launched from the yards of the Cal
ifornia Navigation and Improvement
Company last Wednesday. She is 210
feet long. 38 feet broad and is to make
twenty-two knots an hour. The new
boat was modeled by H. J. Corcoran, su
perintendent of the company, and W De
1 lany. She was built by T. M. Barker
: and G. L. Hendrickson and Master Jolnor
Otto Peterson. She will have her trial
, trip about July 1. and after that will run
between Stockton and San Francisco in
connection with the Valley road.
The schooner Nettie Coleman arrived
from Boston yesterday with a party of
Klondikers aboard. The original inten
tion was to go to Puget Sound, but tha
gold hunters decided to put In here ana
see what the outlook was before goins
any fartbex.
AUCTION SALES,
EDWARDS. SPEAR SCO,, Anctloneers,
31-33 Sutter street. Telephone Main 51iL
THIli DAY. f
SATURDAY. APRIL 23. MM,
At 10 ..clock a. m. SHARP.
We will sell the fine psylor, bedroom, library
and dining r<vm furniture. F'.russels carpet,
range?, etc., etc.. of forty rooms. Removed
:o our store for convenience of sale.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.. Auctioneers.
Sl-33 ?'itter st.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The only feature of Interest in rattling stocks :
was a fluctuation in Sierra Nevad». which sold
up to S7 cents In the morning and; down. 14 78 =
cents in the afternoon: _ . ' ... •" ' •■• -
The decline in local securities on the Bonil
Exchange seemed to be checked, at lea>f fer :
the present, as the general tendency was to-". .
ward higher prices, almost the whole list
showing up better. - - - .
The Mercur Mining Company of Utah paid a
dividend of IS cents per share, amounting to
$36,000, on April 20.
The South Swansea Mining Company of Utah
paid a dividend. of 5 cents per share, amount-
Ing to $7500. on April 21.
The Homestake Minine Company of South
Dakota reports gross earnings. for March, 1898.
of $210, against $195,967 for February, and
$210,000 for January. The company will pay a.
regular monthly dividend of 25 cents per* 1 share,
amounting to $31,325, on the 25th.
A special meeting of the stockholders of th»
Thorpe Mining Company will be held to-day for j
the purpose of acting upon a proposition to sell
the company's property.
The Deadwood Terra Mining Company of
South Dakota' reports its gross earnings fo»
March. 1398, at $22,000, against $23,000 tor Feb
ruary and $24,624 for January.
The Golden Kajrle Mining Company of Ne
vada has levied an assessment of % cent per
share on its 400,000 shares of capital stock.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodie
for the week ending April 16. the usual pros
pecting work was done on the 265, 318, 380, 628.
JS2 and other levels. In the Black, Main Stand
ard, Maguire and Fortuna ledges. The usual
quantity of good ore was extracted. Including
some which was of high grade. Generally the
mine Is looking well.
Standard Mill Statement— crushed for the
week, 282 tons; average assay vanner tailings.
$7 4s; concentrates produced, 2% tons; assay
value, $111 23: amalgam produced, 829% troy
ounces; value per ounce, $2 51. The first vat
of tailings plant No. 1 was charged on April
12.' They expected to charge the first vat of
plant No. 2 on April 19.
■ STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. of
J on April 19.
X AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, April 22-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— ME LCo — 13^
4s quar coup. .loß 109 > Oakland Gas.. 40 43
4s quar reg. ..105ljl07Vi Pac Gas Imp.. — 76&
4s quar new...1l6 I Pae 1.. Co — 64
Miscellaneous— jS F G '&£>.. 76V» 77
Cal-:t Cab a 5 .113 — , Ban Fran — 3%
Cai El os 125 — Stock Gas 12 —
C C Wat 65... — 103V3! Insurance —
Dup-st ex c. — 9Sii FirenVs Fund.l9o —
E L & P .127% — Bank Stocks—
F&Ch Ry 6s. — 116% Anglo-Cal .... 55 62'«
Geary-st H ss. — 100 Bank of Cal.. — 240
'I ' & S 5H..100 105 Pal SD& T. — 96^
L A L Co 6».. — 100 First Nat ....195 —
Do gntd fa.. — 100 Lon P & A... 130 —
Market-st 65.. — 127V4 Mer Exchange — 15
Do Ist M 65..107%109 Nev Nat 8...151 155
-Nat Vln 6s Ist — 97% Savings Banks—
NCNg Ry 75.102 — Ger S & L... — 1700
N Ry Cal 65.. — 110 Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 55.. 96% 9S Mutual Say. — 42H
N PC R R 65. 103 — 'S F Say U.. — 500
N I 1I 1 CRy 55.. — 102^ S * L 50.... — 100
N Cal P.y 55.. — — [Security S B 250 —
Oak Gas 55... 1X1* — Union T Co. 950 —
• Do 2d is 55.. — 110 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 63 120 124 California ....107% —
P &. O 65. ....110 — Geary 40 —
P&Ch R- -3. — 110 Market-st .... 47% 48
Powell-st 65... 116 — Presidio 6 —
Rem —/L.&L...100 — Powder— '
SacElec Ry 55.104%105% California ....130 160
BF& N P ss. — 104 E Dynamite... — 90
SierraßCal 65. 102 105 Giant Con Co. 33 39H
SPof Ar 65.. 96% 97 Vlgorit 2>4 2%
S P Cal 61.... — 113 Miscellaneous
■3PC Is eg 55.. — »fi*i Al Pac Assn.. 90 95
S PBr 1037*104 Ger Ld Wks.llo —
S V Wat ..115 116 flana P C 0... — 15
S V Wat 45... 99V4 99% H C & 8 Co.. 17% 17%
Stock Oas 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 83 39Vi
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 50 68% Nat Vln C 0... — 7*4
Marln Co :... 60 — Oceanic 8 Co. 39 40
Spring Valley. 97% — Fac A F L.. 1H iVi
Gas a: Slectric— »ac Bor C 0... 99% —
Cent Gaslight. loo — Par Paint Co. «Vi —
Morning Session.
300 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 16 75
2.'i Market-street Railway 46 50
80 do do • 47 00
$1000 Market-street Railway 107 50
5 Oakland Gas 40 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 76 50
855 Hutchlnson S P Co .. 38 00
50 do do s 30 3S 00
375 do do 33 25
5 Spring Valley Water 97 50
20 do do 97 3714
36 do do 97 25
$3000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 99 60
$2000 Pof A Bonds S7 00
$2000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 105 00
. Street—
60 Market-street Railway 45 00
Afternoon Session.
10 Giant Powder Con ..38 00
5 do do 38 50
250 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 17 25
650 . do do 17 62>4
250 do do 17 M
505 do do • 17 75
30 Hutchinson S P Co 3S 25
50 do do 33 00
10 " do . do 39 25
25 Pacific Gas Imp 76 00
120 Market-street Railway .'4B 00
1■; S F Gas & Electric Co 76 60
5 do do "6 624
50 Spring Valley Water 97 87* i
$3000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 99 50
15000 S P of A Bonds 97 00
$18,000 S P Branch Ry Bond* 104 00
$4000 do do 103 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
50 Central Light & Power 8 00
Afternoon Session.
50 Hawaiian C & S Co 18 "1-4
$5000 Spring Valley Water 4s 99 62Vi
$2000 do do 99 75
$7000 Market-street 5s 107 50,
25 S F Gas & Electric 76 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
ECO Bullion 02 150 Sierra Nevada.. S3
100 Con Cal & Va.. 74 200... 64
30 73 100 85
100 Crown Point ... 14 300 . 87
700 Hale & Norcrs. 4» 50 Standard 165
200 Ophir 50 700 Utah 08
COO Savage 15 200 Yellow Jacket ... 12
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta ". 20 100 Gould & Curry. • 22
300 Andes ....; - 11200 ..... 23
100 Belcher 14 300 Mexican ........ 13
400 Best & Belcher. 31 300 ...... ............ 14
"00 Bullion 02 200 Occidental 2 60
200Chollar 23 100 Ophir 4S
100 "..... M 100 47
300 Con Cal & Va.. 73 200 Overman 04
•0 Confidence ...... 50 200 Sierra Nevada.. 79
200 Crown Point ... 13 700 Union Con 22
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: '
Morning Session.
600 Alpha' 04 SO Occidental 2C5
ROOAIta ..f 20 300 Ophir 61
600 Bullion 02 200....;. '. 60
BOOChollar 21 200 Potosl 33
i owing were the 75 600 in the Pacific £tocle
I yesterday:
Morning Session.
P ha 041 f.O Occidental 2 65
; ta .., 2<M3ooOphir 51
lollar '.'■'■ 21 200 Potosi 33
>n Cal & Va.. 75 600 34
300 Crown Point ... 13 350 Sierra Nevada.. S7
300 Hale & Norcrs. 4S 500 84
200 ...... 43 200 Union Con 24
700 Justice 13 400 23
300 Mexican. ........ IS
After con Session,
200 Andes 11 100 Ophir 50
200 Caledonia ... 19 200 4S
200 Challenge ....... 15 200. 48
200 14 .100 Potosi 33
300 Con Cal & Va.. 73 400 Savage ..16
400 Gould & Curry.. 22 200 Sierra Nevada.. 79
SOO Hale & Norcrs. 50 800 'i
200 Mexican 14 200 Union Con ...... 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, April 22—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Alpha.... 02- 04 Julia - 03
Alta 19 21 Justice .'. 13 15
Andes 10 11 Kentuck ....... 01 02
Belcher 13 14 I-ady Wash ... — 03
Benton Con...— 20 Mexican 13 15
Best & Belcher 30 32 Occidental .....2 60 —
Bullion 01 02 Ophir ..46 47
Caledonia - 20 j Overman 02 04
Chollar ........ 23 24lPotosi 32 33
Challenge Con. 14 15 Savage 14 U
Con Cal & Va. 72 73 Seg Belcher ..01 02
Confidence 49 -Scorpion ....... — 04
Con Imperial .. 01 02 J Sierra Nevada. 78 -79
Crown Point . 12 13 Sliver Hill .... - 02
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — Oo
, Eureka Con ... - 20 i Standard 160 170
Exchequer 02 04 Union Con .... 22 23
Gould & Curry. 21 KiUtnh ......... 07 08
Hale & Norcrs. 51 :•? Yellow Jacket. 11 12
, . . — ~*~ - " ■
• On a parade Aground at Calcutta are
several adjutants or orgalas. These birds,
which belong to the stock tribe, walk up
and down the ground, and they look so
much like soldiers that at a distance
strangers often mistake them for gTen
adiers. . -'■ -. '. ■ . . ■' .
y^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jflapJ 3 C 25 KEABXTST. KetabMUiM
BUn^L isiSj '" 1554 for thetreatment«f Private
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
()25KEABSYST. EetabllilK^l
In 1554 for the treatment t>f I'mv;iC«
Diseusfs. Lost Manh.M.d. Debility or
OiKg^lC « disease wearing on bodranimlndtnid
<H«KRC £■ Skin Diseases. The doctoroureswhrn
VflaSftS 98 others fail. Try him. Charges low.
DoSKKUB (in»»-u»r»D(f»J. Callorwrlte.
Or. J. W. BJOS, Box l»s7.a*ui^iuu;l»oo.
1314
SICK SHRIMPS
IN THE BAY
Dr.E.S. Pilllsbury Has Dis
covered That Toxine
Is the Cause.
At First Thought to Be Micro
organisms Lying as Para
sites in the Creeper.
A Report Hns Been Forwarded to the
Board of Health and Some Action
Will Be Taken.
There Is probably no little "animal" In
the world with as many titles of magni
tude as the California shrimp, and from
recent Investigations made by Dr. E. S.
Pillsbury, instructor in bacteriology at
the Cooper Medical College, they are im
pregnated or stuffed with different si».
stances, chemical and germs, which tuso
carry immense names with them.
According to the doctor and his inves
tigations the shrimps are a poisonous
food to a certain extent, and the fact that
this was not disco v % -ed before was
that Investigations merely took In a
search for micro-organisms living as par
asites in the shrimp, while now it is dis
covered that the fault lay with toxlne.
an aJkaloid, which in aJI probability was
produced by bacteria of decomposition
found in the refuse from slaughter houses
on which the shrimps fed.
The shrimps which are so peculiarly
diseased have been residing near "Butch
ertown," and were seen to be in a flabby
and appparently unhealthy condition. The
articles published exclusively in The Call
early in January last failed the atten
tion of the Board of Health to the sick
nesa of the creepers, and Or. Spencer
v,.,:- ordered to make a bacteriological ex
amination for the purpose »>i" discovering
what caused the paleness of the shrimps.
He found, as did Dr. Pillsbury, thai there
were none of the so-called pathogenic
bacteria existing, but they did not ex
amine as is now done in largo East
ern cities for toxic products, ptomaines.
of these non-pathogenic bacteria. It is
now discovered by l>r. Pillsbury that
these products are responsible for the
sickness and death in all unhealthy flesh
foods, rather than the bacteria them
selves, which are all killed in the process
of cooking. The following report has
been submitted to the Hoard of Health by
Dr. Pillsbury:
A bacteriological examination of shrimps
caught off Butchertown, San Fran. -is.-,. Hay,
gave negative results as far a> finding patho
■"•■.- aeve»uped in
media, to which Parlettfs solution of car
bolic acid 1. led, but nine proved to
be the well known pat] terta.
A chemical analysis was then made to de
termine If these shrimps contained any poison
ous alkaloids. The first method used was that
ordinarily used to obtain the alkaloids fruin
opium, and the result from this method was a
i :i<- wlm b in verj dilute .■- >iuiiuii ha.J a
decid- n on a rabbit.
Two rabbits «tre tak< n which "ere alike in
nil rps|*ri^ Lbbit No. 1 was Injected
subcutaneously a solution of ptomaines from
the San Pablo Bay shrimps which were us> d
as a control in all my analyses. Then into rab
bit No. 2 was injected BubCUtaneously a like
quantity of solution of ptomaines from Butch
ertown shrimps. Immediately alter this Injec
tion into rabbit No. 2 this rabbit began to
scream most painfully, - :it ■ ■ an ex
tremely Irritable condition with twitchlngs of
legs and ear.- and a decided increase in heart
and respiration rate.
With rabbit No. 1 (San Pablo Bay shrimps)
there was apparently no change except a slight
increase In heart and respiration rate.
Time of Injections !i p. m. '■
The following morning rabbit No. 1 seemed
brighter than usual, showing benefit rather
than 111-effects from Its injection. Rabbit No.
2 was sluggish and feverisu, had passed bloody
urine uur.n^ the nislit ana during; tne day loi
lowing larjte '..■ I tips' of bloody urine.
Now while neither rabbit died, the effect of
this small amount of the ptomaine extract
(only twenty-four live and apparently healthy
Butchertown shrimps were used) the experi
ment shows that these ehrimpa cannot be suit
able for food, and jour honorable board should
order their sale stopped.
The result has L<~— more than confirmed by
later experiments. From 200 grammes of live
Butchertown shrimps I extracted, by the meth
od of Brieger, the Qon-volatiie aiKaloids and
found that even in a minute dose they were
fatal to a healthy rabbit. A sample of these
alkaloidal extracts was furnished to your City
Bacteriologist, Dr. Spencer.
Still further, from the muscle alone, as
shelled out of shrimps cooked by myself to In
sure freshness, I have obtained as strong; aikal
oldal reactions t,y the methods already men
tioned and as well by Sonnenschein'a method
for confirmatory evidence, and from its rf-;ir
tlons have every reason to believe it would be
as fataj obtained in this way aa by BrW
method, which Is the one in vogue In Eastern
cities, and aa al ■-■• ■ toxine which
was fatal for my mbbit.
In view of the results of these experiments.
nhowing with ut doubt I I hrimps con
tain a substance which is Fatally poisonous In
sufficient doses and d>-ci(iedly injurious in
LINEMAN ELECTROCUTED.
(small dose*, and proving further that this sub
stance is not removed by cooking, but con
tained within the cocked muscle of the shrimp,
I most respectfully request that your honorable
■ I Hear.!! >p|-<.ii-i iluii the Mle vi tu«-!"i*
Butohertown shrimps be stopped. Respectfully
submitted. K. S. PILL.SBURY, M. I).
Instructor In Bacteriology, Cooper Medical
College.
In next Sunday's Call Mine. Melba
tells beginners what she consideis is
the chief element of success on the
stage.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
Dr. D. W. Edolmtni of Los Angeles is
a prueyt at the Grand.
E. S. Baboock of the Coronado Hotel
is a gut-st at the Pelace.
YV. C. Barker, a large vlneyardist of
Kenwood, is at the Grand.
Lieutenant F. Darrington, U. S. A.. Is
registered at the California.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas A. Clage of Phila
delphia are guesis ;.; the Occidental.
Charles Walton, a New York capitalist,
is registered at the Occidental with his
wife.
W. B. Windsor and A. E. Windsor of
Holly, England, are both registered at the
Palace.
A. B. Frenzel, a capitalist and mining
expert of New York, is a guest at the
Grand.
L. M. La Salle, a prominent business
man of Los Angeles, Is a guest at the
Grand.
J. H. Vicars, a traveler from New Zea
land is one of the late arrivals at the
Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. O. sock of Shanghai ar
.rived on the Rio yesterday, and went to
the, Palace.
Surgeon-Major Burke of the British
army is a guest at the California, where
he arrived yesterday.
J. H. Linden, Sheriff of Santa Clara
County. Is registered at the Grand from
his home In San Jose.
N. A. McKay, a mining man of Angels,
and John F. Moody, an ice man of Truc
kee, are both at the Lick.
Jim Snook, a
well-known young
business man, was
standing In front
of the Lick yes
terday when he
was approached
)y a rather shab
by Individual, who struck him for a qiuiv
ter SnoLk looked at the mendicant for a
minute or two. and, seeing something
familiar in the fellow's appearance, asked
him if he had not seen him somewhere
before. y"Seen you before?" repeated the
busted \je. "Sure! Don't you remember
Clancy, the Impresario, who used to be
around the Palace bar every evening
opening champagne for the hoy?" 7 " "Yes."
said Snook; "I remember Clancy, but he
was the mold of fashion ana tn« muiut
of form, while you look as If you had been
playing with a. buzzsaw on an empty
stomach for a month or more." "Well,
I'm the same Clancy, and if you will lis
ten for a moment or two I'll tell you how
it happened. You see. I got hold of that
troupe of Spanish troubadours and made
money so fast that I was afraid I would
throw the city into insolvency so I de
cided to make a tour of the entire coast.
HOW CLANCY
WENT BROKE
We started out. and were doing first rate,
when that explosion that wrecked the
Maine occurred. Well, it wrecked us as
well. We were playing in a small in
terior town i..c night the news was re
celved, and when the audience heard of it
they wanted to mob the entire outfit on
the stage, and the only way we saved our
lives was by playing the 'Star-Spangled
Banner. 1 while the leader, washing the
stain from his face, advanced to the front
of the stage and recited a war poem in
Yankee dialect.
"This prevented us from being hanged
outright, but the show was a dead one.
We were forced to spent the entire re
ceipts of the box office in treating the
town while it drank patriotic toasts, and
when we went broke were given two
hours to tret out of town, and had to
have on a train of flatcars. I am. now en
2 :._'••'] in getting up a company of Scan
dinavian volunteers, and if you will let
me have a quarter to help swell the com
missary department's exchequer I will see
that your name is placed on the company
roll of honor."
He got the money.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank S. Johnson have
come over from San Rafael and have
taken rooms at the Palace.
Dr. F. K. Ainsworth, physician for the
Southern Pacific Company at Los An
grles, is staying at the Palace.
Leonide Keating, the famous physical
culture expert. Is at the Palace, where
he arrived last night from Chicago.
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Woodbury of Bos
Charles Froifl the Vic
tim of a Broken
Live Wire,
CHARGES FROID, a lineman In the
employment of the Pacific Telephone
and Telegraph Company, was killed
by an electric shock while at work on
torj of a pole at the southeast corner of
Eddy and Taylor streets yesterday after
noon. A live electric light wire had been
broken and one of the broken ends fell
across the wire on which Froid was
working. The shock threw him back
ward fuid he lay supported by the string
of wires. Three other linemen, James
Fulton, James MoGinley and James Lori
mer, were at work on other poles, and
they heard the cry that Froid was in
jured. Fulton was the first to reach the
pole on which Froid lay limp and help
less, and he was quickly beside him. A
rope was procured and handed to Fulton
and he tied it round Froid's body. He
had considerable difficulty in Retting; him
treed from the network of wires, and
with the assistance of McGlnley and Lori
mer, Froid was lowered to the platform
about the center of the pole. By this time
several policemen and an immense crowd
of people had gathered and willing hands
helped in lowering Froid from the plat
form to the ground. Between fifteen and
twenty minutes were occupied In remov
ing I'roid from the wires and lowering
mm to the ground. Meantime the patrol
wagon had been summoned from the Cen
tral I olice station and Froid was driven
as rapidly as possible to the Receiving
Hospital where Dr. Fitzgibbon pro
nounced life extinct. The body was re
moved to the Morgue. Froid was a mar
ui, J man - and live(i with his wife and two
children at 119 Silver street.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SATUEPAY, APRIL 23, 1898.
ton are two who arrived on the overland
last night and went to the Occidental.
Robert Lewere. accompanied by his wife
and daughter, arrived on the Rio Janeiro
yesterday from Honolulu, and are stay
ing at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Stephens and party
are registered at the Palace from De
troit. They arrived last night bent on
pleasure and sight seeing.
J. F. Davendorf, a large real estate man
of San Jose, and W. S. Green, the re
cently appointed State Treasurer from
Colusa, are both staying at the Grand.
E. B. Willis, managing editor of the
Sacramento Record-Union, who has been
down here attending a meeting of the
Knights Templar, of which organization
he is a prominent officer, left for his home
last night.
The following missionaries, who arrived
from the Orient on the Rio Janeiro, are
registered at the Occidental: Dr. Napier
and wife from China, Rev. Mr. Pattee from
Japan, Dr. and Mrs. C. H. Finch from
China and J. H. Pettee from Okayama,
Japan.
J. J. O'BKIEN & CO.. Murphy Bldg..
Mkt. & Jones, sell "STANDARD" shirts'
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
City and County of San Francisco to Joseph j
G. Deming, lot on NW corner of Polk street j
and Fern avenue, N 30 by \V 110; .
William S. Hughes to Louis Friedlander, lot
on S line of Page street, 87:6 W of Laguna,
W 25, S 137:6, E 12:6, N 50, E 12:6, N 87:6; $10.
Henry and Anr.ie Schmidt to Felix McHugh,
lot on E Una of Boyce street. 50 X of 6t.
Roses, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Daniel and Jeannette Roth to Jeanne I.
Roth, lot on NW corner of Geary and Hyde
streets, W 62:6 by N 87:6; gift.
Edward T. Farrell to E. P, Kerrison, lot on
E line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 321 S of
Point Loboe, S 28 by E 120; $10.
Jacob and Recha Meyers to Israel Belasco,
lot on N line of X street, 132:6 W of Tenth
avenue. W 25 by N 100; $10.
Sophia R. Root to James C. Mugan, lot on
W line of Forty-rirst avenue, 225 S of P street,
B 76 by W 120; also lot on S line of P street,
57:6 \V of Forty-first avenue, W 50 by S 100;
n«.
\V. J. Adams (trustee for J. P. Lindsay) to
John F. Kennedy, lot on N W corner of Capitol
and Minerva streets, W 55 by N 100, lot 10, j
block R, Railroad HomfsU-ad Association; $100.
Emily F. Pc.pe to Emll H. Lange, lot on SW
corner of Parnassus and Cole streets (ex
tended), S 75. W 107:8%, S 50, W 95:10, XE
212:5%, E 81:6%; $500. »
Emll H. Lange to Lange Investment Com
pany, same; $10.
George E. Stallman to Edward and Mary
Young, lot on SE line of Howth street, 84:6
SW of Geneva. SW 41:6 by SE 103:6, lot 73.
San Miguel Homestead; $10.
A. X. Copsey to same, lot on XW line of
Louisberg (Spring) street. 84:6 SW of Geneva,
SW 41:6 by NW 103. lot 84, same; $10.
William Ralney to Walter A. Weber, lots 1 I
to 12, block I*l, OX. and H. Tract; $lv.
Alameda County
Percie C. Black to Hugh and Thomas P. Ho
gan, same, quitclaim deed, lirooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Hugh. Anna S., T. P. and Elizabeth C. Ho
gan to Charles S. and Caroline H. Alvord.
same, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Joaquin S. da Rosa to Emma S. and (mma
da Rosa, lot on SE line of Hepburn street, ex
tended, and Watkins street, S 100, E 75, X 100,
to beginning Town of San Leandro, Eden
Township: gift.
Shepherd H. Boyce to Frank Eneh, lot on S
corner of Twenty-third avenue and East Four- |
teenth street. BW 150 by SE 75, being lots 27,
2S and 2it. block 1. Kennedy Tract, East Oak
land; $10.
Forrest N. and Rose Crafts to H. E. Alden,
lots 44 to 47. block 7, Christlanla Tract, Oak
land annex; $10.
W. H. and Lenora Roth, to H. E. Howland
and Clara B. Sterling:, lots 15, 16. and E half
of lot 17, block V, amended map of Moss Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Philippe Verdier to Marie Verdier, lots 11
and 12, block 24. northern addition of town of
Liver-more. Murray Township; gift.
W. G. and Ida E. Taylor to Walter C. Beatle.
19.06 acres beginning at a point on line di
viding-plats 9 and 21 of Dern.il portion of Rancho
el Valle de Pan Jose. NE 5.54 chains from SW
corner of plat 21. thence NE 21.50 chains, E
8.75 chains. S 21.50 chains, W 5.99 chains to be
ginning, beine a portion of plat 21 of said
rancho, Murray Township; $10.
A. H. and Julia M. Broad to Charles Ver
rey, lot on N line of AllKton way, 40 W of
Bonar street, W 40 by N IM. belne lot 18.
block B, Bryant Tract. Berkeley; $5.
F. D. Man- P. F.. Henry E. C. and Emily
I>. Feusler to William Leviston. 33 a/res, being
all that portion of the FE quarter of the SE
quarter of section 12, township 4 S, R 1 W,
which lies southerly, SW and W of county
road now running through above lands. Mur
ray Township isuhiect to certain rights); $10
Francis and Bridget J. King to same all that
portion of the N half of the SE quarter of sec
tion 12. township 4 S, R 1. which lies S PW
and W of the center line of Alameda Creek
M'irmv Township: SlO.
Minta and Niels Larsen to Emmons F. Brown
lot 1. block V, Revised Map of Oakland
Heights. Oakland: $10.
Maggie MltcheJs to Orlajido McCool, subdivis
ion 6. In lot 36. Glen Echo Tract. Map 3 being
a restibdlvislon of lots 10, 16. IS. 28 29 3.> toJS
Glen Echo Tract. Map 2. Oakland Annex; $io!
H. E. Alden to Carrie S. Alden, lots 45. 46
and 47. block F, Christlania Tract, Oakland An
nex: gift.
Albert R and Mary A. Ruggles to Fritz
Hahn and F. W . Wayne, lot on NW corner of
Adeline and Forty-first streets. NE IS6 3fi PW
242.30. SE 159.79. NE 146.50 to beginlng, Oakland
Annex; tin.
E. W. and Grace E. Mortimer to Mary P
Hart (wife of R. G.) lot on N line of Le
Conte avenue, 175 E of Euclid avejiue. E 50 by
N 12". being lot 9. blcck 13, Daley's Scenic
Park Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Jof-ph A. l^oonarn Company (a corporation)
to Ban!: of Alameda, lot on N line of Santa
Clara avenue. 2EO W of Walnut street W 50
by N 217 :5. bolng lot 4. block 23, lands adjac
ent to Encinal (as security for note of $1800)
Alamoda: $1.
E. L. Reese to Ann M. Laldlaw. lot on E
line of Webster street. 1322 N of Thirteenth.
N X by E ISO. Oakland: $10.
Orlando McCool to Anthony and Margaret T
Murphy, subdivision 6 In lot 56, Glen Echo
Tract, man n. being a resubdlvlslon of lots
10. 16. IS. 28. 29. 35 to 3S. Glen Echo Tract, map
2. Oakland Annex; $10.
James Lupton to Mary Lupton, lot on N line
of Thirty-sixth street. 157.88 E of West street
E 26 by N 171.92. W 25.88. S 169.44 to beginning.
being lot 23, block A, Major Given Tract Oak
land Annex: gift.
Pauline Harder to Charlotte Bauer, same
*lo.
Builders' Contracts.
Henry 1,, and Friedericke Brick wedel (own
ers) with Hillyer & Upham (contractors), ar
chitect. H. Hess, all work except mantels
chandeliers and shades for a one-Btory frame
building with basement and attic: no descrip
tion In contract; specifications calls for S line
of Lombard street, between Gough and Frank
lin; $17.">9.
Henry and Marlon Pfelfer ("owners) with
Marcuse * Remmel (contractors), architect,
J.- W. Johnston, all work for a six room frame
dwelling with bath and high basement on N
line of Paraguay street. 250 E of St. Johns. E
25 by lOu; $1500. •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J Rlg^ud, Paris L L Loofbomen, Cal
T Reeves, Cal Mrs M F Pay, Nev
J A Whltmore. Cal R D Hatch, Cal
N L«ete, Nevada T B Bond, Lakeport
W E Everett, lowa R McCratan, Stanford
R Ewlng, Montana X E Forbes, Stanford
Dr W B Lovett. Cal H C Smith. Stanford
E Friend, Crocket C E Lendstey Cal
J D Bradley, Merced I J B Wickenden Cal
W Smith, Mill Val 'R A Blair. Cal
T W Charles, Cal Mrs H Hodgman. Cal
A F Thomas. Colfax L W Hodgman. Cal
J Cheshurt. Oakland W C Witherstnn. w Cal
C T Bell, Stockton JH P Rich, Cal
W Witherby, Stockton |T Ciirtln, Sta Barbara
J F Rader, Ohio i.T B Hoyt. Birds Ldg
F X Ainaworth, Cal ij H Talbot &w, Sacto
C L Logan, Los Ana; In Hnrchard Cal
J M Wltman &w. Cal ; J I, Lyndon. San Jos«
W Mutch. Honolulu W W Stewart. Cal
E N Fernbrook. Sacto J Wade, Pt Helena
C G Butch. Racto C B Smith, Yrcka
II J Seymore, Sacto iXV w ThomaJ!, Yreka
W C Pucker, Kenwood ,L M Larell, Monterey
•J H Vuaero. New Zeal T) TV Edelman. LosAng
A E Ingersoll. Honolulß ft Roth. Los Ang
E R Carter. Stnnford C F Tullock. Cal
NEW WKSTERN HOTEL.
F L Frank. S Clara ,R J Hogg, Chicago
H J Frank, S Clara J Roche. lone
H C Ohl. L Ang H Langen. lone
J Berry. Pasadena Q Eutzmlnger, fiarto
P Jorgensen. S Diego C O'Brien. Healdsburg
J C Forman, Denver M J Ferguson. Cal
A Marshall. L Banos L Daly. S Mateo
C Marshall, L Banos .7 McMullen, Redwood
1) \j Anderson. Sacto M Sweeney, Cal
F Williams, Davlsvll H Smith. Stockton
O M Smith. Fresno
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W H Ruffan. S Cruz Mrs M Jones. Oakdale
W H Miller. Tkiah A L Charechey. S Jose
H W Aldis, N V E H Gale. Oroville
J S Hermann. Fresno J H M'arren, Llvermre
J A Sheehy. Cal II M Keller. N V
S Lynden, Jansen Ck W H Buffcom. S Cruz
N W Collins. Napa G M WestcofT, Concord
C O Adlns, Pa Mrs W Black, Concord
R G Ruby & w. Staffrd C W Weaver Cal
Mrs M Ruby, Stafford W B Parker Jr. Cal
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC T>ORTP
FORT BRAGG— Sailed April 22— Stmr Jewel,
for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 22— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg.
GENOA— Arrived April 22— Stmr Alsatia, frm
New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 22— Stmr Britan
nlr. frnm New Yo-k.
Sailed April 22— Stmr Taurlc, for New York.
COPENHAGEN— SaiIed April 22— Stmr Norge
"SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed April 22— Stmr Paris
for New York.
NAPLES— SaiIed April 22— Stmr Fulda, for
New York.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night \- the year.
BRAXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery etreet.
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes stree'.; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€15 Larkln street; open v 'I 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Bixt-;nth; open
until 9 o'clock.
306 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission rtreet: open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
X. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
HAMILTON Square Baptist Church, Post st.,
near Steiner— C. Jenkins, pastor. Morn-
ing subject. "A Great Man Fallen." Even-
ing, baptism will be administered.
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, <^^i^'
I. O. O. F.— Regular moiling =W*s2R&=:
THIS EVENING. First degree
will be conferred.
A. K. KINGSFQRP. D. M.
CHIEFS and members of Arapahoe *50C5>v
Tribe No. 76, are notified to at'-. I \SSL^
the funeral of our late brother, **«****-
E. R. JOHNSTON, at Red Men's building,
320 Post St., SUNDAY, April 24, at 1:30 p. m.
One dollar fine for non-attendance. By order
of J. W. O'NEILL, Sachem.
Attest. W. L. TIERNEY. C. of R.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE^Dlvldend T No. 80 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company,. will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after Mon-
day, May 2, 1898. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, April 26, 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store. 105 Fifth st.
AMERICAN Battalion; independent military
organization. For membership apply at head-
quarters, 927 Market st., room 609. GEO. W.
JOHNSON, acting major.
i BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery' St., room 6; tel. 5580.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East-Baths,
massage; assistants. 995 Market St., room 14.
MISS L. DEAN, massage, has removed from
906 Market, rm. 29. to 917 Market, rms. 11-12.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 10, 211 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; elec-
tric vapor. 204 Sutter st. 2d floor.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths 120% Geary st -. room 11.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $1. 343
Thlrfi st. and 2808 Twenty-fourth.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post St.. room ii). second floor front.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Kearny st., room 2.
ALVINS HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
fcathi. 15% Turk and HIS Market, rms. 15-16.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
! cablet baths. 116 Taylor st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
1 COMPETENT Swedish Infant's nurse desires
! situation;' 3 years last place. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. '
REFINED woman, with a child, desires situa-
tion; good. cook and housework; best refer-
; ences; country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
REFINED French nurse and second girl de-
sires situation; 2 years last place; city or
country. . MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT French cook desires situation!
best city references. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation: $10 to $15;
ref.: nurse or housework. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutler st. . \
! A NO. 1 Swedish, also German cooks, desire
! situations; best of reference. J. F. CROSETT
•' CO., 316 Sutter st.
NEAT Swedish housegirl wishes situation, $12
to $15; good references; city or country. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sinter st.
; GlRLS— Situations secured free until 5 p. m.,
I April 26: housework. Mrs. Borman, 927 Market.
FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak maker desires
a few more engagements; $1 25 per day; city
or country. Address box 1749, Call of flee.
REFINED German lady, good -i cook and !
baker, wishes place .as housekeeper In
widower's or small family; best • references.
Call for 2 days, 437 Thirteenth St.
YOUNG German woman desires position, up-
stairs work or light housework: good seam-
stress and dressmaker. Call at Sll% Bry-
ant St.. store. »
! NEAT young girl, 16, would like place to take
care of baby and assist in light housework;
must be In Mission. Address E. L. 2526
Mission st.
AN experienced nurse (German) for confine-
ment or invalids, desires engagements: best
references: terms reasonable. Address Nurse,
127 Seventh st. '
I NURSE, hospital experience, would take
! charge of an Invalid; terms reasonable. Call
or address Nurse. 310 Sixth aye.
HOUSEWORK by competent woman; good
cook and baker; no objection. to country. Call
or address MRS. G., 313 Seventh St., In store.
WOMAN wishes work by the day to do house
cleaning or washing. 2814 Twenty-first st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation in
private family, housework or boarding house;
moderate wages. 148 Sixth st.. room 124.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing or
mending flannel. Address 209 Natomaat.
WOMAN wishes a situation as good cook and
laundress; no objection to country. .Address
box 1746, Call office. . ■;.
SITUATION wanted by a woman 30 years old
as working housekeeper; Is good' cook; wi«ea
moderate. Address . box 1743, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wants situation as cook;
small wages: good references. 312 Fourth st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants situation as house-
work and cooking; city or country; wages
$20. 2 Washington st.
COMPETENT woman wants situation to do
housework: good cook and laundress. Ad-
dress 64S Valencia st. '
YOUNG German woman would like position as
housekeeper. Call at Sll 1 ,4 Bryant st., store.
WANTED— By reliable person, cooking or
housework: part wash. Apply at present em-
ployer's, 601 Larkln st.
GERMAN girl wishes ' situation to do general
housework. 528 Bryant st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation for light house-
work. Apply 1135 Florida st. -.-'
YOUNG girl wishes position for second work
In nice . American or Jewish family; good
waitress and best of city references. Call or
. address 933 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a place as
housekeeper: good cook and experienced. Ad-
dress Housekeeper, P. O. box 110, Redwood
City, Cal. V
WANTED— By Eastern woman, general work;
good cook and laundress; wages $20; good
references; citj^or country. 1575 Market St.,
near Ninth.
YOUNG neat woman, good cook and ' seam-
stress, handy at any work, wants position;
speaks French and English; city or country.
. 131 Third st.
GOOD reliable woman wishes position as house-
keeper; city or country: jio objection to chil-
dren. Address MRS. WHITE, 15 Hyde st. .
YOUNG girl, first-class cook, wants place; will
do general housework. Please call 1007 Na-
toma St., off 11th. bet. Howard and ; Mission.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes position to take
entire charge of an Infant or children; city
.references. Please call at 542 Howard at.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants place to do gen-
eral housework in American family. 414
. Folsom st.
WANTED— A position ■ good, competent girl
for housework d cocking; wages from $20
to $25. Call at 647 3ay at., nr. Leavenworth.
WANTED— Washing, ironing or house-clean-
: ing by the day: good reference. ' MRS. M. E.
S JENSEN, 15 Minna at. ' _■.-■."■
SITUATION as bookkeeper by a lady •of. 10
years' experience: good references. Address
8.. box 1, Call office. Oakland. „': > : i ■-. ■-■■
BRANCH office of The Call, 106 Eleventh St.—
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
. SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
; tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
CHINESE and Japanese employment 'office;
best help. 414% O' Farrell at. ; tel. - East 426. \
JAPANESE. Chinese Employing Office; choice
■ help: tel. Grant. 6' 'Geo. Aokl. 30 Gear- st.
STRONG. steady, \ . sober German-American
young man wishes a situation In some furni-
ture house; can do packing, finishing and set
■ '■}. up • chairs or , any , kind 01 work: city refer-
. ences. : Address : box 1744. - Call office. , * ;.
GARDENER, ■ understands • greenhouses, propa-
gating of plants, vegetable growing, can milk
: and take care of horses, wants position; ref-
erences. Gardener, box 1738, Call office. .
BARTENDER, North German. 24; r lunch cook
I for saloon.' 207 Montgomery aye., r00m f55.T.:
SITUATIONS WASTED- Continued.
ENGINEER and machinist competent to erect
new or repair old plants, -understands saving
fuel and other expenses ; 8 years with one
■ company; good references; steady and sober.
Address S.. room 17, 28 Clay . st.
COACHMAN and : gardener wants , position on
private place; thoroughly understands the
care of horses, cows, garden, etc. ; good ref-
erences from private places. Address box
17;.:. Call office. .
YOUNG man with 6 years' experience In hard
candy and creams wishes situation in whole-
sale or retail house. Box 17.11, Call office.
POSITION wanted In country by an elderly
man; is a good cook; moderate wages. Box
1747. Call. office.
ROBUST young boy desires to learn black-
smithing: is quite handy: small salary ex-
pected. Box 1761, Call office.
GARDENER, first-class, wants situation; un-
derstands care of horses and can milk cow;
look more for good home than high wages;
good references. Address O. P.. box 1772, Call.
YOUNG man, strong and willing: to work,
wishes employment: machine shop preferred.
Address box 1736. Call office.
HUSTLER; record as a collector; first-class
solicitor; can make business; best of city
reference. Address, a. 8., box 1755, Call.
ON ranch by married man; has been' foreman;
good blacksmith, carpenter, harness-maker;
understands orcharding and vlneyarding;
wife good cook; references. 1119 Mission, r. 10.
YOUNG man. 5 years' experience in office of
large ■ manufacturing concern, wants position
on ranch or mine. Box 1767, Call office.
WANTED— By steady, reliable man, position
around a private place; is a good hostler; city
or country. Box 1756, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes to learn general black-
smith trade. Address 2425 Mission at.: tele-
phone Blue 441.
JAPANESE wants position as good cook and
housework; city or country. Address C.
OYAGATA. 423 Stevenson st., S. F.
PHYSICIAN, graduate, stranger, would like
position as nurse in hospital or private pa-
tlent; references given. Addr. box 1776, Call.
A CUTTER and tailor with long experience
\ desires situation; can furnish references; will
also work on bench. Address box 1801, Call.
COACHMAN, experienced, competent, wishes
employment; good gardener and milker; city
references. Address box 1800, Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener by young Dane; un-
derstands care of horses; can milk, run gaso-
line engine; sober and Industrious; 4 years'
reference from last place. A. J., 434 Jessie.
BY young married man, job as engineer or fire-
man; 6 years' experience; understands care of
dynamo. Box 3171, Call office.
COOK, good on pastry, desires position; bach-
elors or small boarding house; wages moder-
ate. H*. ANDERSON. 1312 Green st.
TO Architects— Position wanted as clerk of
works or superintendent: 10 years' European '
and 11 years' American experience; good
draughtsman. Address box 3314, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a boy of 13 to do any-
thing. Address 18% Geneva St.
EXPERIENCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; wages
moderate. Box 2305, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a carpenter for hotel,
hospital, etc.: Is handy with all kinds of
tools. CHARLES GLUCKLICH. 580 Natoma.
MAN . and wife want situations to take care !
of gentleman's place; woman first-class
cook: man godd teamster, farmer, under-
stands vineyard and wine cellar and general
work. Address box 3207, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes employment In sausage
factory or pork packing: good experience;
references. Address box 3250. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 20 rooms. 25c to $1 60 night: $150 to $1
week; convenient -nd respectable: fre« 'bus
and 'raggage to and from fer y. •
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
HOUSEGIRL, 3 In family, $25; chambermaid,
hotel. $20; 2 second girls, $25 each; 3 young
second girls, $10 to $12; nurse, $15; young girl,
assist, wait on table, small country hotel. $15;
hwisegirl. 2 in family, $15. MRS. NORTON,
323 Sutter st.
SWEDISH or German girl for small ranch, $20,
near San Rafael; girl to assist housework,
$12, no cooking. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter.
COOK, $25; 3 housegirls, $20 each; second girl,
$20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl, assist housework, $15: nurse,
child 5 years. $12. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COOK, $35; laundress, $2.">; French maid, $25:
15 housework girls, city and country. $20 and
$25: 6 young girls, assist. $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. :
CHAMBERMAID and wait, sleep home. $18;
; boarding house. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
CHAMBERMAID and seamstress. $15: 2 second
girls, $20 and $25; nurse, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COLORED maid, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
WOMAN with a child, $10, as housekeeper.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED French or German second girl, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Putter st.
TWO girls for labeling and painting cans,
factory near city: waitress, $4 50 week: ranch
cooks, etc. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
RELIABLE young nursegirl. 14 or 16 years of
age. city; easy place. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
H^AD waitress, steady place, $25; waitress,
springs, $20; 3 waitresses, country hotels, $20;
2 restaurant' waitresses, $6; 4 restaurant
waitresses. $5; chambermaid and wait, $18.
sleep home; 2 chambermaids and wait, $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NURSE, city, $20, call early: Scandinavian
housekeeper, Napa, see party here, $20: Swed-
ish second girl, country. $25; 2." girls for
housework and cooking $15 to $25. city and
counti--- woman for scrubbing, $1 25 day C
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. " "
SGERMAN and Scandinavian second girls, $20
and $25; 6 cooks In American and German '
families. $30 and $35; German or French i
nurse. $20; dressmaker, $25; 4 waitresses and i
chambermaids, $15, $18 and $20, and girls for !
housework in city and country. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter St. . "
SALESLADY, children's underwear depart-
ment: cloak and suit saleslady; cloak figure.
313 Hush st.
LADY'S companion, agreeable disposition; ref-
erences required and given at once. 313 Bush.
LADY bookkeeper; dentist. Ladles' Exchange.
New management, 313 Bush ■ st. -."-
SALESLADIES, copyists, clerks find pleasant
and agreeable matrons. Commercial Depart-
ment, 313 Bush Bt.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20. HOTEL GA-
2ETTE, 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— Waitress for lunch and dinner;
wages $3 week. Apply 518 Kearny st.
WANTED— SUker on gloves; automatic ma-
chine. F. Q. Conklln & Co.. 413 Sacramento.
NEAT young girl to assist in housework. 2705
Howard st.
WANTED— GirI to attend to children and
housework. 956 Mission st.
YOUNG woman for shooting gallery. 414 Du-
pont st. -
WANTED— First-class laundress for Mondays.
317 Larkin st. ;
FIRST-CLASS finishers ladies' . tailor Jackets.
A. KAHN, 142 Geary st. ;
EXPERIENCED girl to work on vests. 14
Harriet St.
FIRST-CLASS operators on custom coats
wanted: steady work. , 239 Fifth st.
WANTED— Young girl • assist ■in housework, 2
In family; wages $10. Box 1799, Call office.
YOUNG girl to assist In small family, $16. 417
; Powell st. . . s-
WANTED— A first-class millinery trimmer for
Sacramento. Apply 523 Market st., room 7,
from 2 to 3 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dreßscuttlng School. 1079 Market
st. ; perfect. fit; no trying on; trial free.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tion"! and want ads taken.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1020 Market
- St.: monthly troubles, etc.. cured at once.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns Kc. McDOTVKT.L'S. 103 Pout.
HELP WASTED-MALI!.
WANTED— to take care of horses, milk
cows, etc.. country, $25: gardener for nursery,
$25: German gardener," $25 to $30; assistant: in
■ a : confectionery, ! $20; dishwasher, $25; French
assistant cook, $20:: ironer, city, $40; ironer,
country, $30; washer. $33: apprentice for laun-
dry, $1."; etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
2 HOUSE carpenters, $2 50 a day: .. ship ■ calk-
ers. $3 a day; = coal miners: waiter, boarding
house. $25., R. T. WARD & CO.. 60S and 610
' Clay st. ' . ?:\. ■_ . . •'■ .;': - r
DRY goods s clerk,' - country ; store, $10. . MUR-
: RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
6 COOKS " 4 Waiters
3 Dishwashers '■ ■ '■ Can Seamer
Harnessmnker- :—: — : — :: — ■ — 10 Woodchoppers
i 10 Farm < Hands— — — —30 Tie Makers
■ And other places.- MURRAY & READY, 634
and 536 Clay st.
YOUNG man, care of horse and garden, coun-
try, $25. , MRS. NORTON, 323 , Sutter st. ...
BELLBOY, city, $15; porter, country hotel, $20.
:«■ HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st. '■ .■■ ■■
WANTED— neat, "■ respectable, ; elderly; man
' .' can ; have . a good home ;by ; taking ; cirre ' of : a
. cottage and garden for a gentleman at Fruit-
' vale: must be good cook: references required.'
Address S. ■ S. , - box » B.' Call' office, Oakland. !
HELP WANTED— Continued.
; STEWARD for small country club, $30; ling-
r ! llsh waiter, small club, $30; German second
i waiter for an Institution, $25; waiter for a
i mining boarding-house, $25. C. R. HANSEN
, & CO., 104 Geary st.
i ! 50 SCANDINAVIAN railroad teamsters, regu^
lar wages. C. It. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
; : SALAD and cold meat man, $10 a week, no
, Sunday work; cook and dishwasher, coun-
try hotel. *00 and $20; third cook, $50; assis-
tant cook, $35; cook, small country hotel,
$35, see boss here; cook, boarding-house, *30;
cook for ten men on a ranch, $20; cook, hotel.
$35 to $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
I JOE SMITH, - dishwasher, wanted. C R
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
! FOREMAN for a box factory. C. R. HAfT-
I SEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH. $2 ISO a day: carriage painter,
$2 50 a day; stable boy, $10 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Gear- st.
| SHAMPOOER for the springs. C. R. HANSEN
; <S- CO.. 104 Geary st.
HARNESS-MAKER, $1 50 a day and found!
blacksmith, $1 50 a day and found, both for a
railroad camp. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
BOY who lives with his parents to do light
porter work, $15. C. R. HANSEN £ CO.,
104 Geary st.
WANTED— German driver for butcher wagon,
$25 to $30 and found; stout boy for wholesale
store, $1 day: Swiss milker, $20; 10 laborers,
$1 75 a day, long Job: machinist on gas en-
gine; 4 good miners, $2 50 day and car fare
advanced; 10 men to get out railroad ties, lie
apiece. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO .
628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— Elevator boy, $10 and found; cook
and wife for country hotel, $50; Japanese
waiter and valet, $25; cook for laborers, $40;
waiter, country restaurant, $35; oyaterman
and wait, $35. and others. Apply ro J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
BOOKKEEPER and correspondent, $20 per
week at commencement; quick advancement;
new corporation business. 3L3 Bush st.
CROCKERY rtore clerk: retail shoe clerk; tea,
coffee and spice traveler. 313 Bush st.
OYSTER opener; lunch counter clerk; tinner;
brass spinners; waiters; cooks. 313 Bush st.
185 MEMBERS give written Indorsement to
Clerks 1 Exchange to-day. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— 2 good boys between 14 and 16 years
of age to distribute cards. Apply bet. 2 and
5 p. m.. 134 Ellis st.
WANTED— Barber from Saturday noon to
_Sunday noon; wages. 1759 Union st.
WANTED— Good barbers for State; 8-chalr
shop for sale. 207 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; may be steady.
651 Washington st.
GENERAL tailor for country. REISS BROS
6 CO.. 24 Suiter et.
EXPERIENCED solicitor; staple articles; per-
I manent Investment If desired. Box 1750, Call.
HOTEL clerk, bartender and solicitor. Address
box 1745, Call office.
WANTED— Porter for baths. 120 Geary st.
WANTED — Elderly man to do chores around
a bakery. 1139 Folsom st.
LATHERS panted. Apply at new building,
corner Laguna and Fulton sts.
I MILKER, $25 to $30. CULLEN, 825 Sut-
I ter st.
! PAINTERS wanted. JOHN O. EDMONDSON,
220 Brannan st.
AGENT and presser wanted. Golden Gate Dye
Works, 342 McAllister at.
PRESSMAN on pants. 102 Minna st.
BARBER shop. 2 chairs, for sale; bargain.
1220 Market st.. Oakland.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. South 625.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; chance for
steady. 302 Montgomery aye.
! EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners* at
Tesla, Alameda County, 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work; good wages; only
good miners need apply. Address TESLA
COAL CO.. room 515, 328 Montgomery, S. F.
25 MEN to work on the water; _ood wages.
HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
i FIRST-CLASS stenographer; must write a good
longhand. Box 1740, Call office.
BARBER shop for sale. 908 Vi Howard st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such; must j
be of good character and ha"blts and able to j
speak, read and write English, end be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For
[ further Information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
■ WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, P.eno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large j
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
| WANTED — 10 men to occupy clean rooms; 2 I
nights 25c or $75c week. 196 New Montgomery- I
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth- I
er help. E. SIMON, 643 Clay st.
BARRERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S. j
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136. j
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
i Australia, Europe. Herman's, 26 Steuart st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 138% Eighth st.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764V4 Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per '
night; «oc. 90c and $1 per week.
WINCHESTER House] iT Third st! near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
! ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE roms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
j WANTED— To collect wages -due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price: half-soling, 35c. 359 Howard st.
| ELEVENTH. 10C— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
AOENTS wanted— Murat Halstead's great war
book, "Our Country in War": all about Cuba.
Spain, Maine disaster, armies, navies and
coast defenses of United States. Spain p.nd
all nati.ins; over 500 pages, magnificently
Illustrated: one agent sold S9 In one day,
others making $39 per day; most liberal
terms guaranteed: 20 days credit: price low:
freight paid; handsome outfit free: send 12
2-cent stamps to pay postage. Educational !
Union, 324 Dearborn St., Chicago.
LADY or gentleman; salary and commission.
Apply 136 Ellis st.. bet 1 and 2.
FURNITURE WASTED.
HIGHEST prices to nil new building. M 0 Mis-
sion st.: tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 1» Mont-
Komery lit. : hlghewt prices paid. T»l. T>nvl« r_
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
THREE unfurnished rooms and board i.i
brother and three sisters in Protestant fam-
ily: central location: give references and
price. Box 1741, Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery St.
PAWNBROKER— OId geld. silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
LODGlltiv HOUSES FOH SALE.
46 ROOMS: sunny corner $1500
110 rooms; fine bargain: clears $300 4000
75 rooms; clears $250; rent $160 lSrt)
10 rooms on Golden Gate aye 350 :
18 rooms; corner house; new and good 1800
17-room house; rent $35; clears $S0 350 j
3S-room house; clears $100; $500 cash 1000
7-room flat; sunny corner 225!
40- room house: clenrs $150; must sell 3000 !
10-room house; new and good; Ellis at 850 I
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market. St.
A— KREDO & CO.. successful brokers. 22Vi
Geary ct.
110 rooms; safe Investment; clears $250... 54500
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient 2000
16 rooms; Market; central: all full 700 |
10 rooms; Ellis; new and good 325 1
7 rooms; Market: offices pay rent 200 |
Hundreds of others at your own price.
A— s3oo; 9 rooms; transient: clears $100; central
and sunny; snap. KREDO & CO.. 22>_ Geary.
$250—28 ROOMS; transient; biggest snap ever
offered; clears $100; clfeap at $12W; must be
sold to settle estate. KREDO <fe CO., 22V4
Geary St.
FOR fine garden loam Inquire at GEO. HAN-
ERKSEN, 510 Guerrero St.. near Seventeenth.
SIXTEEN rooms, nicely furnißhed; all rent-
ed Al locntlon; corner house; 2 entrances.
Apply at Call office.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and
good men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $150
of their fare, via St. Michael; leave May 1.
Apply The Gold Star Co., Mills building, San
Francisco.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sta.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW, 4 Sutter st.
DU I CII /LUCKS.
A^KREDO^-T^oTrSuccessful Brokers, 2214
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chancy
$350-43rocery and bar; fine cor.; living rooms.
$4CO-Home restaurant; finest; best £*£«*
$325— Combination store; grocery; restaurant.
furnished flat. „ . . __«.,.
*500-Stationery, books. Call and laundry
' ° $1000-Roller quartz mill: earns $40 daily.
$2000-Florist and nursery; 2 acres under glass.
$2100— Bookbindery; best equipped on coast.
! $4300— Steam laundry; plant and buildings.
$700-Photograph gallery; oldest on coast.
$150— Corner saloon: value in stock; dally re-
ceipts $15: a snap. KREDO 4 CO. '_
$200-PARTNER wanted in the laundry busi-
ness: steady man. MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
23 Kearny st. jy= ____
Old-established restaurant; near factor-
ies. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$350— SALOON; all day trade among merchants;
Mclaughlin & CO.. 23 Kearny st. r
: $100— Restaurant: transfer cor.; Mission: no op-
position: receipts $15 day: living rooms; rent
$17 mo. BARRETT, 1125 Market, above 7th.
$300— PARTNER wanted in ilght business; es-
tablished IS years: $25 to $30 a week each; can
be doubled in short time: entire trade of most
prominent firms in the city; no previous ex-
perience required; trial given, a Geary st..
room 2. ■ '
$100— BRANCH bakery and notion store; 3 fur-
nished living rooms, bath room, stationary
- washtubs; large yard; rent $12: party going
East; must sell this week. 2552 Folsom st.
; DRESSMAKING parlor cheap; nets $100 month:
210 customers; sickness cause of selling. 106_
Washington St.. box 28.
GROCERY and bar, first-class location; must
be sold: a bargain. Apply P. J. KENNEDY.
20 Front st.
$150— BARBER shop; 2 chairs; paying; rent $12;
bargain. Apply Call office.
SALOON for sale, on account of leaving city;
rent $20. 42 Spear st. _Vj
FOR SALE— Restaurant on street car line; a
bargain. Inquire at 753 Market St.. basement.
RARE chance for thorough hotel man or
woman with $1000. J., box 8. Call, Oakland.
A— SSOO-CORNER grocery and bar; without
' doubt one of the best business corners.
$200— Partner wanted; commission business.
$300— Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
AN Offer — Young man through college, wishing
to start In a bank or English importins,
grain shipping firm, or in respectable real es-
tate office, will pay $100 for place; can give
large bond if demanded. Box 1766, Call office.
WANTED— A good man, must be a rustler,
with $250 In one of the best paying business
In the city; investigate to-day. Box 1755, Call.
$1000— FOR sale, saloon, restaurant and im-
provements; rooms for family; rent $15; lease
AM years. Apply 3232 Mission st.
FRUIT store, good trade, transfer corner, tor
sale. 2622 Mission st., cor. Twenty-second.
GOOD paying branch bakery. 448 Third st.
WANT to rent house and few acres; good lo«
cation for road house; may buy. Box 1780,
Call office.
SHOEMAKER shop; must sell account sick-
ness. Apply 3436 17th St., above Valencia.
WANT saloon in or near Sausallto. Box 1720.
Call office.
$225— PARTNER; Interest in factory and candy
store. . Address box 1770, Call.
1
GOOD paying restaurant at a bargain. 613
McAllister St.
FOR SALE— Bargain; shoe store; best chanca
on earth to secure a good-paying business;
choice location 50 miles from San Francisco;
population 5000: clean stock; can be reduced
to $4000. Address box 3367, Call Office.
FOR SALE — Country bakery; a great bargain;
worth $600: will be sold at your own price on
account of unexpected early departure; must
be sold before 26th of April, j Inquire 625 Clay.
$600— RESTAURANT and 5-roomed flat, hand-
somely furnished; excellent business; Investi-
gate. Apply at Call office.
YOUR choice of 2 good-paying restaurants for
sale; reasonable; 511 or 1309 Castro st. Apply
611 Castro st. . . .
$75 — Branch bakery, candy, notions, eggs and
milk; good trade; cheap rent. 521 Howard st.
M ICO.
LANDS In tropical Mexico for rais-
ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc.: large and small tracts. For further In-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
Col. Co. of Mexico City, Mexico.
FIiTE stationery, cigar, laundry, periodicals,
branch bakery and notion store for sale; old
established. Box IS, branch office Call. 106
Eleventh st.
CORNER saloon; central location: fine cash
■ business; with or without lo<ijr!nß-hous«>:
good reason for selling. Call 1019 Franklin
! St., Oakland.
— COAL, wood, hay and grain business for
sale on account of owner's departure from
city: price reasonable. Address box 3344. Call.
PAYING saloon in North Beach district; sell-
ing on account of sickness. WICHMAN.
LUTGEN & CO., 318 Clay st.
BEST-APPOINTED restaurant .In San Jose;
fine location: must be sold. Address £ care
I of Call agency. San Jose.
I TO let— Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls: old-
established; rent reasonable. 2622 Mission st.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale; reasonable;
and 4 living rooms. Apply 219'_ Eleventh st.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Regist'd Pat.
Agents: established 1862. 319 Pine st.. city.
BARBER shop for sale. 103 Eddy st.
C"»TFFE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento s*.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davlea.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no
delay; self -cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES. 59
McAllister St.; pills. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on ail
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., St
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
. when others have failed: no Instruments used:
home in confinement: cure $5; pills $1; every
case guaranteed; consultation free and con-
fidential; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS DR
WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care: with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case:
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk St.
DBS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness— Ladles, near
or far, consult free, only doctor who uses
Schenck's method, the celebrated French pny-
slcian: safe. sure, reliable cure for all irreg-
ularities: ■ any cause; restores strength and
vigor of organs: unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tice: home: best skill: low fees: pills. $2.
DR. O'DONNELL, the world renowned special-
ist, restores at once all women's Irregulari-
ties, menstruation, etc., whatever the cause
may be: treatment by mall, or call at Dr.
O'Donnell's Sanitarium, 1027 Market st. $5
and $10 capsules will be mailed upon request
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
instruments;, every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no Matter what
cause: restore In 1 day; never fails: consulta-
tion free: can be sent and used at home Die
POPPER. SIS Kearny: orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly . Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used: cure at
office. $5: consultation free: hours 10 to 5
& 1 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market*
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro- Drlce
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st. : Bead
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X st. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure: $2 50'
express C. O. D.: don't delay until too late'
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister st.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
LADIES— Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edles: 38 years' experience. 254 1 . Fourth st.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women:
: MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth st. Alameda,
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Tha Call
Subscription* ntiil want nds taken. *
FURNITURE FOII SALE. J
FOR SALE— Furniture of small flatTT"months
In Mse. including No. 7. WlnUirop range, blue
flame oil stove, etc. Apply 105 South Park
from II to 4 p. m. -
106 ELEVENTH— Branch office of The ■ Call-
subscriptions and ads taken.
.SE. SE . W i NG MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought. soli-
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented!
• repairing: lowest rates. 205 Fourth at .
TYr-WIHTERS. ..'.■'■
ALL typewriters sold and"i^nted?"few nartlv'
used for sale cheap; send for sampleaTand
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 MonteomoryHOUSES TO LET.
all ov_ ir~Tmvy^2-I_rr-I?-rr^^
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
■ HO WELL, l" Montgomery.
CLARA. 126— House, bath; large barn. 7-stall
stable: covered yard; together or separate.
ELEGANT S-room houses: Sixth aye.. bet. Cal- |
ifornia and Lako: prices will surprise you. i
MARCI SE & REMMEL. 628 Market st.
LACUNA. 1715— House or 8 rooms and bath.
yard, basement; latest Improvements; $30. •
SUNNY T-room house; modern; rent cheap.
724 Broderlck st., near McAllister.
$20 so— ls OAK St., near Market; S rooms and
bath. ■
1 URN ISIIKI) HOUSES.
FOR 3 or 4 months, nicely furnished 9-room
house: rent free In exchange for board for
gentlemen adults. 2217 Octavia st.
FURNISHED house to let for the summer; 8'
large sunny rooms; piano; hot : and cold
water: all conveniences. Apply on premises, '
GSI Guerrero st.
$25-HOUSE in Berkeley, comfortably furnish- ■
e<\; piano, bath and all improvements; very
han.jy to station. Address box 1760, Call. '
COTTAGES TO LET.
COLLINS, 111, near Geary— sll; bay- window
cottage: nearly new; 4 rooms; water free.
SUNNY cottages of 4 ;.n.i :• rooms, bath, base*
'■->"■■:. yard. cii-m». IS7S i:.th St.. near Dolores.
11. .is TO. LET.
A RARELY beautiful flat; N.V. cor. SutteTand
Scott: ti big rooms; $2.1. Key 2300 Sutter st.
CAPP, 920, near Twenty-fourth— Flat 4 sunny
rooms and bath.
CHEAPEST flats In the city; 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; r.-nt $1S and $2'>; Carp st:, bet. 22d
and 23d. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
FLAT 3 sunny rooms; newly renovated. 207
Shipley st.
FOLSOM. 1411— Lower flat, 5 rooms; latest Im-
provements.
FOLSOM, Three rooms and bath; rent
very cheap. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
GEARY.. 1909— Top bay-window flat, 5 rooms
and bath, $15.
HAIGHT, 7!<., corner Scott— A sunny modern
new flat, 7 rooms and bath.
NEW flats; modern improvements: 4 and 5
rooms: 116, $20: worth seeing. 2263 Geary st.
PEARL. 27. off Market, near Valencia— Upper
flat of 3 sunny rooms in rear, $>.
POND, 47, oft Sixteenth, half a block from
Market; upper modern sunny o-room flat;
$15; water free.
NINETEENTH, 3984, corner Noe-Lovely sunny
lower modern (-room flat; $14; water free.
SEE at once that corner tint. Leavenworth and
Jackson sts.; : rooms, bath, etc.; newly
tinted and painted; also upper flat. 1219 Jack-
son st : lowest rent In the city. Apply MADI-
SON & BURKE, 620 Market st.
SULLIVAN, 221, near Stanyan— s rooms and
bath; water free: rent $14.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye.. $13. $14. $15. $1S and $23 50. DEMP-
STER. 36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
$-0— 2 NEW. modern sunny flats, 5 choice
rooms; porcelain baths, etc. 1706 Hyde st.
$25 AND $22—2 modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms:
separate yards. Key I.','.'.' Broadway.
& FURNISH! D FLATS.
$55— ELEGANTLY furnished new modern cor- :
ncr flat, 771 Pierce st.. cor. McAllister. No
admittance without p-.mit from C J. CAMP-
I'.l'.LL A- CO.. 224 Montgomery st.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
EDDY, 6A4 — Large sunny bay-window parlor ,
with kitchen; also single rooms.
ELLIS, SO s !— l sunny room, furnished complete
for housekeeping.
FIFTH. 314—2 sunny front connecting, house-
keeping rms.; stove; closet; bath; private; $10.
FIFTH, 825- furnished housekeeping, $13;
double, $7 to $S; 2 parlors, kitchen, bath, $22.
FIFTH. 42SH— 2 sunny rooms completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; water in kitchen.
FILLMORE, 2_OSV_. near Clay- $9; sunny par-
lor and small room furnished for house-
keeping.
FOLSOM, 646— Nice large front suite, complete
for housekeeping; quiet family; big yard.
FOLSOM, 853 2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms, unconnected; cheap.
FOLSOM, 1133 3 sunny unfurnished house-
. keeping rooms; nice yard.
FL'LTON. 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 mimth: private family.
GEARY; 1812%— comfortable furnished rooms
for housekeeping; modern; $15.
GEARY. 111—2 nice front housekeeping rooms;
also single rooms.
GROVE. 202. cor. Van Ness— Sunny unfurnished
3-room suites, with gas stove. . ■ ■ . .-
HAIGHT. 220— 3 or 4 furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
LEAVEN WORTH, 811, near Sutter— 4 sunny
rooms, furnished, yard, bath, $16.
MARKET, 102S— Parlor, bedroom and kitchen,
furnished complete, $12; part rent taken in
board.
MINNA, 2SI, corner Fourth— Front furnished
housekeeping, cheap; also double and single.
MINNA, 548—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms.
MISSION, 9234—C ompletely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; .as and bath; quiet, j
NINTH, '20. near Market— Front bay-window
mom or single: light liQUßeKoeplng; J.'.
POINT LOBOS aye.. IM9, corner Eighth— Fur-
nished or unfurnished rooms; very reasonable.
RUSS, 116—3 rooms for housekeeping; unfur-
nished or partly furnished.
SEVENTH, 211—2 unfurnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping; rent $7.
SEVENTH. 136—2 nice sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping; large yard.
SIXTH, 108—1 large bay-window room, with
light housekeeping or without.
SIXTEENTH. 2'M, corner Mission— Furnished
front room with grate; use or kitchen and
yard: rent $8.
SOUTH PARK, I*4—2 sunny front rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
STOCKTON, Gil. near. Pine— Floors of 3 unfur- j
nished, and suite 3 furnished; garden.
TENTH, 12S, near Market — Nice, large sunny
rooms complete for housekeeping.
TENTH, 138, corner Minna— Nice sunny house- '
keeping rooms; grate and running- water;
rent reasonable.
THIRD, 340 — Sunny room: complete for. house-
kpng, $6 mo.; front room for 2 gents. $6 mo.
TWELFTH, Nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms.
UNION. 722— Furnished and unfurnished rooms
to let.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call. ;
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ROOMS TO LET. ' .
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone. Main 48.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant I
sunny rooms, en suite and single : nrat-ciaii j
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT the (ford, 231 O'Farrell, elegantly fur-
nished rooms, suites and single, day or mo.
AT 212 Stockton, sunny suites and single rooms,
facing plaza; baths; by day or month.
BIRCH AYE., 23— Suite furniihed rooms. $12;
unfurnished, 110; bath, grate; call forenoon.
BOHEMIA. ZS'j • Newly furnished; famt-
'' - and gentlemen; references given. .
DELAWARE. 11.11 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms. $S and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY, 113— Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman; $5 60. ...
EDDY. 614— Large and small rooms: new furni-
ture, closets; running Water : bath; $6 to $10.
EDDT. 212 (The Mkingtoa)-Rooms per night,"
60c to $1: week. $2 to $C: famines.
EDINBURGH. 239 Powell— New house, new
furniture; elegant rooms, suites and single.
EIGHTH. 111—3 furnished rooms to let; gen-
tlomcn.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand CarnoO-Flrnt-clas* sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 so to $8 week.
ELLIS. 432— Furnished rooms to Int.
FO . lj s°i kI ' s2o> near Fourth-si~p~er week; fur-
nished rooms. ' "
FULTON. ?,. opp. . Clty~Hall-Nlc'e sunnY
rooms; IS mo. up; bath and gas. BU »»>
GEARY. Large sunny bay-window rooms;
suites, double and single rooms; It month up.
HANCOCK HOUSE. fsi Mission: i^cT~famn7
rooming house: $160 to $C per week.
HARRISON. 784%. nr. Fourth-Flnely furnished
sunny rooms; bath; conveniences; $1 a week
HOWARD, Pleasant sunny double and sln-
gle rooms; quiet house; rent cheap.
HOWARD, 715. ST. DAVID'S — 100 room*-'
suites; single; sunny reading room; 250 up. '
HOWARD. 821— Lovely front room, $3 week/
also rooms from $1 up; reading room. '
IVY aye.. 1264. near Van Ness— Nice burnished
room, for gentleman. \ ■ •
ROOMS TO. LET- tinned. .
JONES. 117— Neatly furnished sunny suite; pri- i
vate; quiet family: $14 a month. ■
MASON. 's (Silver -Elegantly furnished
rooms.- single by the week. 'sl-50 to $3; suites,
$4 to 50; baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
MCALLISTER.. Nicely furnished sunny ! •
back parlor, suitable for 2: $8 per month.
O'FARRELL. 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms. $S and $10. !
O'FARRELL, 211, corner Powell— Nice suite;
also single room*,, by day or month.
O'FARRELL. 424—2 or 3 comfortably furnish- j
ed sunny rooms to let; reasonable; private
family.
O'FARRELL, 770— Furnished rooms; single or
en suite. -^ ■ ■_
POST, Newly furnished sunny -rooms.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class In every respect.
PROSPECT place, 123— Two double front rooms.
$6 and $S; single room $4; private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House. ZS Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished. -
SUTTER. 715-717-719; Hyde. 609— Furnished and
unfurnished: choice and sunny; reasonable.
SIXTH, 136— Sunny front bay-window room; j
bath and gas; other rooms; $1 per week up.
TAYLOR. 516— Large handsomely lurnlshed j
sunny suite of parlors; rent reasonable.
TAYLOR. 407— T0 let; two large, sunny front j
rooms; furnished. "
THE Eldora, -23- Stockton— Newly. . furnished
rooms.
VAN NESS. . 417— Nicely furnished sunny front I
rooms, suitable for 1 or 2; private family. j
A WEEK'S news for. 5 cents— The Weekly ;
Call, In wrapper. for mailing. j |
HOARDING. AND ROOMS.
ELEGANT sunny rooms; new house; new fur- :
niture; also first-class meals; healthiest part !
of San Francisco. The Sirlus, 1505 Stockton. |
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with :
room, $4 to $;, per -week; nice location.
FULTON. 533 (The Mizpah)— A qu.>t family
hotel: modern sunny rooms, single and en
ruite; exceptional table: terms reasonable^
GUERRERO; -Lovely room. 2 persons;
private family; piano; single room.
HYDE, 40S— Double and single rooms; first-
class hoard: Spanish; J36 a month up. _
HYDE, 925 — Elegant rooms: first-class board;
pretty grounds: select neighborhood. MRS. |
BROTHERTON. ' |
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board. $3 per j
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
BUTTER, 112S— Sunny suite: single rooms: .first- j
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
VAN NESS aye., BOS -Beautiful sunny rooms; i
modern; newly furnished; with board.
ELEVENTH."IO6— office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
YOUNG mother wishes 1 or 2 children to mind.
Call or address 1109 Alabama st.
AN elderly lady will take infants to board: a
mother's care; references. 2S4U, Sixth St.
WANTED— Children to board: terms reasona-
ble; good home. 136 Sycamore. Ocean View.
STORES TO LET.
NINTH. Large corner store; good fixtures,
rooms and stable; cheap. '
PART of store on or near Market st. Box
1768, Call office. ; ■
TO LET— Silver State restaurant, with
fixtures. 16 and IS Mason st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
fame as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy j
payments and some good piano* for $3. $4 and |
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., >
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter ,
sts., San i Francisco, and Thirteenth . and
Broadway, Oakland. '■
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and Irrgest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farroll st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low- j
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. :•
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER.
NEW GOODS. • NEW PRICES
Repairing and tuning a specialty. Our
prices can not be equaled In San Francisco.
SCOTT~CURTAZ PIANO CO. E6O Hayes St.
ARTISTS like Charles R. Sweet and Helene
-Mara, at the . Orpheum, -prefer . the ■- Crown
piano. -So Trill you if you. call and see them
at HOCKETT BROS. & CO.. 21S Post St. -
A STEINWAY piano for $100; a dickering for !
'$90; examine list of bargains 'his week. THE I
P. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st.
SOHMER & CO. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
Briggs and other pianos: see bur rent plan; i
no Interest first year. 3CB, 310. 312 Post st.
WANTED— cash, 8, style 3, or T, style 4,
■ Steinway, or style X or R, Knabe. Address
box 3356. Call Office. : , ..
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
St., next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
HORNUNG's . new scale pianos; an unpre- j
cedented success. 216 McAllister at. .
SPECIAL low prices .on all pianos until May 1.
Z. MAUVAJS MUSIC CO.. 7f Market st.
SMALLEST ad.; lowest- price; $2 per month up:
. apply on sale. HEINE, 126 Ellis rt.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos; new 'scale; lew styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old r.nd new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
ELEVENTH.. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ■ '• -
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
6 COIN silver new forks, in box: nice wed-
ding present, for $10. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye. ■ • - : '
COUNTERS, art-glass, sideboard, elevator,
etc., at Louvre, corner Powell and Eddy sts.
LADIES' and gents' bicycles. Address 1081
Market st. ■ ■ ■ .'
PHYSICIAN'S Harvard chair In leather, per-
fect. $25; cost $75. 424 Tehama, near Fifth.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl.
goods; new. 2d hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
BARS, back : bars, mirrors, • showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
dfflce furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN. • 1017-1019-1021-1021
Mission St., above Sixth. -
FOR Sale— ss up; good second-hand sewing
machines; bargains in new machines which i
have been returned for non-payment. A. C.
BROWN, 1360 Market st.
GAS fixtures very low; . large assortment: 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
HMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
RARE chance on account of departure; for sale
cheap, 1 large vault In Calvary. Cemetery.
Box 3163. Call office. ,
CARRIER and homing pigeons, game hens,
setter bitch and fine doghouse. Box 1779, Call. |
BOILERS,, engines. 2d hand "'machinery. Mr-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Hownrd.
$55— Upright piano: good condition: $5 down, $3
per month. S. F. MUSIC CO., 225 Sutter. .
ENGINE, ' boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. 8. WHITE. 516 Mission St. . .
J. R. POOL, .house-mover! dealer second-hand'
•building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So 787.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever.- Hermann Safe Mafe..- 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. If.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records, $5 per doz.; i
Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap.. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving. etc., \
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh, j
106 ELEVENTH— Branch office of The Call; ]
subscriptions and ads tnken. ■ - •
CARPE- . CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet- eanlng Works: cleans,
moves, lays carpet- C H. STEVENS, Mgr.. !
. 38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted - lth poor work
send to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
.". eating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. . 40.
CARPETS cleaned,- renovated like new. J.
McQUEEN. 463 Stevenson at.; tel. S. 225.
\DVANCB Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Slitter;
" tel. Main 394. QEO. VVALCOM, Proprietor.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration wks. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned nt 3c per yard: relald at 3c.
STRATTON, .3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944. .
GREAT "Eastern .. ""am Carpet '- Cleaning
• Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J E MITCHELL Cr-oet-Cleanlng Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 8c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLJN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. ■ ■ . . -
*15 LARRlN— Branch office of The Call; sub- i
. scjiptJonv an<t. want -da taken. ■■■..." I
ELEVENTH. ■> 100- Branch office of .The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. - ,..,..■
THE SAX FHAXCISCO CALL, SATTTEBAY, APRIL 23, IS9B.
PROPOSALS. '-'" " ''"■ ""' ' !
PROPOSALS— For Hospital and Almshoune—
Office of > the ; Clerk. oi.- the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, April 19, I!>;''S.
In accordance with Resolution No. 565 (Fourth |
Series) of the Board of Supervisors, SEALED j
PROPOSALS will be received in open session
of the Board of Supervisors, on MONDAY
AFTERNOON, April 25,' IS9S, from 2:30 to 3
o'clock, for. furnishing subsistence to the pa- ;
tients and employes' In and supplies for the j
City and County Hospital and Almshouse from ]
July 1, IS9B, to June .30. 1899, the estimated
yearly amounts being as follows:.
[Estimated
Articles Required. ; i Quantity Denom.
j Required. Per.
CLASS 1.
BEEF. YEARLY. *
Beef— Fresh, first quality
American steer, in not
less than one-half car-
casses, consisting of fore
and hind quarters, to be '■.->.■
delivered in such quan-
titles and at such times
for the Hospital and
Almshouse as required
three days In each
week; estimated
amount per day, 1000
lbs -... 310,000 lbs Perlb
CLASS 2.
MUTTON.
Mutton— Fresh, first qual-
ity wether, in not less
than whole carcasses, to
be delivered in such
quantities and at . such .
times for the Hospital
and- Almshouse as re-
quired three days in .
each week; estimated
amount per day, 1000 • '
lbs... 107,000 lbs . Perlb
CLASS 3.
FISH. YEARLY. *
Fish— Fresh cleaned and
scaled, best in market,
and in such varieties as
may be ordered, Salmon,
Sea Bass, Herring or ■• ...
Smelt in season 48,000 lbs Perlb
CLASS 4.
COAL OIL.
Coal Oil — 150 degrees " •
test ...: 1.600 gals Perlb
CLASS 5.
FLOUR. YEARLY.
Flour— Wheat, California,
Best Roller 420,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
CLASS 6.
COFFEE. YEARLY.
C o f f c c— Guatemala,
fresh roasted, first qual-
ity 17.500 lbs Perlb
CLASS 7.
VEGETABLES.
YEARLY. .
Beets— Best in market.... 1,200 lbs Per 100 lbs
Beans— Small white. No.
• 1. first quality 2,500 lbs Per 100 lbs
Cabbage— Best In. market. 16,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Carrots— Best in market. 4,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Onions, Red or White— • '••■
Dry, best In market.... 7,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Potatoes, Burbank,' Sa-
linns or Oregon— Best In »
market 350.000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Turnips— Best in market.. 3,500 lbs Per 100 ]*>a
CLASS S.
CORN MEAL, ETC.
YEARLY.
Corn Meal, Yellow or
White — Fresh ground.
new, best In market.... 20.000 lbs Perlb
Oat Meal— Fresh ground,
best In market 22.000 lbs Perlb
Cracked Wheat— Best in
market 20,000 lbs Perlb
Uermea. or Semola — Best
in market 5.000 lbs Per j
Hominy— Best in market. 2,000 lbs Per lb
CLASS 9. . • .
TEA. SUGAR AND ,:•...;
SYRUP. YEARLY.
Sugar— Extra C 33,000 lbs Perlb
Sugar, Granulated— Best
o White 33,000 lbs Perlb
Sugar, Powdered — Best
_ White 600 lbs Per lb
Syrup— Golden California
Refinery ; 1,100 gals Per gal i
Tea— Japan. Diamond (L)
or equally as good 8,000 lbs Perlb
CLASS 10
PROVISIONS. . .
YEARLY.
Bacon — Best California
Cured Sides 3,000 lbs Per
Butter— first qual-
ity, California 11,500 lbs Perlb
Cheese— First quality Call-
fornia . 650 lbs Per
Codfish. Whole — Best
California, in bales 5,600 lbs Perlb
Eggs — Fresh California
(candled) 15,600 doz Perdoz
Ham— First quality, best
California, Sugar Cured. 4,200 lbs Per lb
Lard— Fresh California.:. 4.500 lbs Per lh .
Mackerel— Eastern. No. 1, - ■
In kit 5:.....:..: 83 kits Per kit 1
"'■"."* class ii.V '".'" "' . ' f.;-v" 7
GROCERIES.
YEARLY. ! , . . .
Corn Starch. Kinggford ' ' .
or Duryeas— Best qual-
ity ••• 1,000 lbs Perlb
Currants — Zante, -.first •
quality ...;.;..... 400 lbs Per
Fruits, Dried-Callfornla. D
quartered apples and
Fruil'^b.^^orted- m ' ' *.. P ' !b
Je^y^-'cu^ranl-besVYn " Per . cas *
market (13 doz. 1-lb.
Mac ) oni-No:- 2 v.v.v:.::::: i2 do j! *% e x
Macaroni— No. 2.... £00 lbs P^rlh
Mustard. White or Perlb
Ground— First quality
fresh California 150 lbs p,.i h
Pearl Barley-No. 2....... ' 475 b, Perh
Peas-Split ' 1.000 lbs .'!%
Pepper - First quality. * " ID |
black, ground ...: • 700 lbs Perth'
Pickles, California— er Ib '■
Assorted No. 2 70 gals Per ml
Pie Fruits — Assorted. tergal
best in market (2 doz.
2-lb tins in each case).. 24 cases Per case
Raisins — First quality, '
RINo.-2-Chlna,-newR 1 No.-2-Chlna,-new 400 lbs Per lh
Rice-No. 2 China, new Per lb
mixed 10,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Sago— Best in market.... 450 lbs Perth
Salt, table. California- "lb
„ First quality 14,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Salt. Rock, first quality 7.000 lbs Per 100 bs
Sal Soda— California 12,500 lbs Perlb
Soap, Laundry, Brown—
First quality, family... 700 lbs Per lh
Starch-Wheat. Laundry. '/' wlDs Per ">
Lump, Klngsford or
Duryeas — Best In mar-
Tapioca; Pearl- Best' in 1,200 lbs " Per lh
Tapioca, Pearl — Best In . ID
market.. 650 lbs Perlb
Tobacco— Black Navy 5,500 lbs Perlb
Tomatoes. Canned— Best
In market (2 doz. 2-lb
tins in each case) 60 cases Per case
Vermicelli. White-No. 2 300 lbs Per
V I n c gar — 30 degrees ' 1D
strength •••••:••• 750 gals Per gal
Yeast Powder — Trophy. B
Del Monte Raising, Pio-
neer, Golden Gate or
Crown (">-lb tins), as
may be designated .... 42 doz Per doz
CLASS 12.
COAL. YEARLY. . ,
Coal — Wellington (Duns-
mulr), well screened,
free from slack and
shale, per ton of 2240
lbs
For Hospital (525 tons)—
For Almshouse (800 tons) 1,325 tons Per ton
Samples of groceries above enumerated may
be seen by intending bidders at the office of
the Mayor, City Hall. ° 0I
NOTlCE.— Bidders win estimate separately
for each article enumerated, as per denomina-
tion, of the kind and quality as shown by sam-
ples, with the distinct understanding that the
lowest bid for each article, required for each
class will be accepted, and that in every in-
stance no bid except from a merchant who is a
regular dealer in the articles enumerated will
be received: also, that the Beef and Mutton
must be delivered at the Institutions named by
the party or parties to whom the contract may
be awarded, at such time and in such quanti-
ties as required; that the Coal for the Hospital
Is to be delivered' at that institution, and that
for the Almshouse to be taken from the coal
yard of the successful bidder, or from the
wharf, in such quantities as may be ordered
from time to time; also, that the other sup-
plies must be delivered at the place of busi-
ness of the party to whom the respective con-
tracts may be awarded, upon requisitions (In-
dorsed by the Chairman of the Hospital Com-
mittee) of the Superintendent Physician of
the City and County Hospital and the Super-
intendent of the Almshouse, at such times and
in such quantities as may be required, from
July 1. ISSB, to ■ June . 30, 1899, in. more or less
quantities i than . designated on the schedule
without extra charge from the price bid. The
term more or less not being limited to the
amount designated, but Is for such amount as
may be required during the year. . Also, bid-
ders will, estimate under the express stipula-
tion that the Superintendent Physic: m of the
City and County Hospital, ■ and the Superinten-
dent of the Almhouse, by and with the con-
sent ;of the Committee on Hospital, shall
have the -power to purchase any or all of the
supplies required at the market rates if no t I
furnished of the kind and quality as shown by
samples, at the expense of . the party to whom I
any contract may be awarded to furnish the
same. If upon the requisition of the officers
named ' the party falls to furnish the quantity
or quality of the supplies designated, which
under contract, he may be required . to fur-
nish. Also, bidders will estimate under the
express understanding and agreement that un-
der no consideration will the Board recognize
or allow any assignment of any contract or
allow the supplies included in any contract to
be furnished from any other person than the
person to whom the contract is awarded,
either 'under- an. assignment or' other Instru-
ment unless the consent of the Board ' Is first
obtained through a Resolution duly • passed by
said Board and . approved by the Mayor, con-
senting and. agreeing to the same. The qual-
ity of the articles called for. where not desig-
nated, to b<« of the best quality, and all sup-
plies furnished for the Hospital and Almshouse
respectively, to be subject to the approval of
the Superintendent - Physician of the City and
County Hospital, and. the Superintendent of j
the Almphouse, whose ■ decision • shall .be final !
and conclusive as to the reception or -rejection |
of- any e.»d aU of the ' supplies - offered. - The I
PROPOSALS— Continued.
beef nr.d mutton furnished the Hospital and
Alnishouse to be weighed at the time of deliv-
ery at these institutions; and all other supplies
furnished to be inspected and weighed at such ,
times and places as may be designated by said
Committee on Hospital. The party taking a
contract will be required to give a bond In a
sum not to exceed five thousand (JGOOO) dol-
lars, with two sureties, to the satisfaction of
the said committee, for Its faithful perform-
ance. Proposals to be Indorsed "Supplies In
Class 1, Class 2," etc., as the case may be, "for
Public Institutions."
The party to whom the contract Is awarded j
will be required TO IMMEDIATELY FUR- !
NISH THREE SAMPLES OF EACH OF j
THE NON-PERISHABLE FOOD SUPPLIER
CALLED FOR AND ENUMERATED IN THIS !
SCHEDULE, AND DELIVER THE SAME TO I
THE CLERK OF THE BOARD OF SUPER-
VISORS. All food supplies shall be sub-
mitted for inspection by the person, firm or
corporation so furnishing the same at one of
the public food stations established by the I
Board of Health of this city next to the muni-
cipal Institution to be furnished with such
food supplies, and the character and quantity
and the quality of such food supplies shall be
then and there first inspected, and said Board
of Health shall make report of such inspection
forthwith to the Board of Supervisors.
The party to whom the contract is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of the i
execution of the contract, to pay the cost of j
advertising this notice in three daily newspap-
ers, amounting to eight hundred and seventy !
dollars anil sixty-seven cents (ss7o 67). Each
class awarded to be charged with one-twelfth
portion of the entire cost. and each
article awarded, where there nre more than
one In any class, to be charged with Its pro
rata of the amount as designated for each
class.
In ortfpr to preserve uniformity and to facili-
tate the award the Board has resolved to re-
ceive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified I
check In the sum of five hundred ($500) dollars,
In favor of and made payable to the
Oierk of the Board of Supervisors, must
be deposited by the bidder, conditioned
if the proposal Is accepted and the con-
tract awarded; and If the bidder shall fail !
or neglect to pay the printing charges, cxc- I
cute the contract and give the bond required
within six days after the award is made, then
and in that case, the said sum shall be paid
into the City and County Treasury by said
Clerk as liquidated damages for such failure
and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all bids
if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS-For Burial of Indigent Dead—
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, April 19, 1898.
In accordance with Resolution No.' 864
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS T I •-.« received in open
session of the Board of Supervisors on MON- !
DAY AFTF.RNOON. April 25, IS9S. from 2:30 I
to 3 o'clock, for the interment of the indigent !
dead as are required to be burled at the charge j
of the City »nd County of San Francisco, In-
cluding the City and County Smallpox Hospi-
tal, fjr the term of one year, beginning July
1. UOS. and ending June 30, 1899. In such ceme-
tery or cemeteries in this or other counties
wherein burials may be allowed.
NOTICE— The eof is to be made of three-
quarter-lnch surface redwood eipar lumber, to
be lined with muslin and pillowed Inside and to
be shellacked and varnished outside, and the j
tops to be fastened down with not less than j
six screws. In all smallpox eases the coffin
shall be lined with No. 10 zinc instead of with \
muslin, and hermetically sealed, and aU coffins
used must be subject to the inspection and ap- j
proval of the officer in charge of the instltu-
tion from which the body of the decedent is to |
be buried, and must in all cases be taken to j
Buch Institution for the purpose of having the ;
deceased placed therein.
No bid will be considered from any party |
I who has not been engaged In the undertaking j
I business in this city and county and conducted
said business In a reputable manner for a per-
iod of at lrast six months immediately preced-
ing the date hereof.
The crave to be excavated to a depth of at
I least six fett.
No body to be removed from the institution
where it lies awaiting burial within a period
of twenty-four hours after death, except by ex- !
! press order of the Superintendent or officer in i
i charge of said institution.
The contractor will be required in all cases j
on the death of the indigent person from In- j
fectious disease to inter the body of said de- !
cedent within such time as may be designated j
by notice from the Superintendent or officer |
in charge of the institution where the death j
I may have occurred, and in all other cases
within thirty-six hours after notification by
the proper officer.
The contractor will further be required to
convey the bodies of decedents committed to
| his charge for interment direct frum the in-
! slltution from which he receives the same to 1
the cemetery, and then and there bury the i
same. And will not be permitted upon any I
! consideration to convey such bodies to any in- |
! termedlate resting place, or to keep the same !
I In his custody for a longer period than that ]
required for their transit to the cemetery.
Should the friends of any decedent apply at j
the institution where such decedent may be ly-
ing awaiting burial, for permission to bury the
same, and prove to the superintendent or offi-
cer in charge of said Institution that their pur-
pose Is to provide a decent burial, and .hut
j they have no lntentl"n and will not *.llow the
I body to be used for the purpose of disseetkn,
! then and in that case the boily of said decew rei
shall be delivered to said friends, who s'lull
take charge thereof and make the necessary
arrangements for the funeral with any under-
taker they mny think fit; but In such event
the contractor aforesaid shall have no eislm
against the city for the burial of said de-
cedent
The party to whom the contract may Ik-
awarded shall be required, in all enses, to pro-
cure from the superintendent of the cemetery
wherein the burials have been made a c«i itl-
cate of the proper burial of each person under '
the provisions of his contract and ot tlu-.-? j
RperlncatlonH; and such certificate must, ;u nil
cases, be attached to the demand of said <:•!*-
tractor when presented to the Board >f f* •-
pervisors for approval, and must state tho
names of the decedents and the institutions
from which the body was procured.
In case of the violation of any of the above
conditions the contract shall be terminated by I
said city and county.
Th* party to whom the contrast Is awarded
will be required, prior to or at tl.e time ot the
execution of said contract, to pay the corit of
n.lw-rti«lng this notice in three dnl!y news-
papers, amounting to three hundred and forty-
five dollars and two cents ($345 02).
All Interments of indigent persons the ex-
penses of which must be borne by the city and
county <other than those from any of the pub-
lic institutions) must be authorized by the
Health Officer Issuing a permit therefor, and
all bills for such Interments to be approved by
the Health Officer prior to being presented to
this board. All demands for the burial of in-
digent persons from any of the public Insti-
tutions to be approved by the superintendent
of the institution at which the death occurs,
prior to being presented to this board.
Bidders will estimate and state a specific
amount for each Interment.
In order to preserve the uniformity and to
facilitate the award, the Board has resolved to
receive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the sum of five hundred ($500) dollars,
in favor of and made payable to the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, must be depos-
ited by the bidder, conditioned that If the pro-
posal is accepted and the contract awarded;
and if the bidder shall fall or neglect to pay
the printing charges, execute the contract and
give a bond of five thousand ($:>000) dollars,
required within six days after the award is
made then, and In that case, the said sum
shall be collected and paid Into the City and
County Treasury by Raid Clerk, as liquidated
damuges for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all bids
If the public good so require.
■TNO. A. RT'PPELL. Clerk.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; ' electrical, civil and mining engineering;
surveying assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100
graduates' placed since 1892; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity law and medical colleges; accredited
with Stanford University, Cooper College, etc. :
day and evening sessions; ref., Pres. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelon building.
AYIiKS' ilusir.f-ss College, 72.1 Market st. ;
Individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50: low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C. , 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley; write forclrculr.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 672, 855 Market st.
VIOLIN mandolin, cornet, piano and other
Instruments taught by lady teachers. 3941
Twenty-fourth st.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing mech survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve. ;
eFt.' 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 983 Market.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate: French.
Spanish: new classes; $2 mo. 103 Taylor st.
MONTGOMERY, 527. cor. Clay — Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions nnd want ads taken. .
LOST.
LOST A small pocket book north of Market
or on Third-st. car, or on train to Ingleslde.
Liberal reward if returned to C. LENNON,
Linwood Hotel, San Mateo.
LOST or strayed from 178 Minna, black span-
iel bitch. Parties returning same will be lib-
erally rewarded, and no questions asked.
US REWARD— Lost,- In Frultvale, Cal., April
17. '83, Scotch collie (shepherd) dug; color red,
with white nose and feet; also white around
neck; answers to the name of Laddie.
THORNHILL KENNELB, Frultvale. Cal.
$5 REWARD— Lost, on southeast corner of
Pierce and McAllister sts., a pet block sheep;
answers to the name of Nigger. Above re-
ward will be paid any person returning him
to the above address.
LADY'S gold watch, engraved A. H., on Fol-
Bom St., below Fremont or Oakland ferry,
Monday. Return 310 Folsom st. ; reward.
LOST— April 20, pug dog. female; answers to
name Flossie. Return to 1106 Hyde; reward.
STICK pin. beetle body and head, amethyst
wings, ptarls. Reward at 444 California st.
PERSONALS. ■
MRS. EMMA : MULLEN— PIease come and see
your' mother at once; 'she Is very ill at her
home..- MKS. VAN , TASSEL, .. 1212 . Mont
gomery st. • • ' _^_^__
■ BUSINESS PERSONALS.
ELECTRIC lights and other alterations have
• greatly, Improved my parlors: hair. dressing,
25c; good switches, $1: best, finest quality,
$3 50; extra heavy.- long. $j; open Sundays
from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
CHAS. CHESTER, the Stationer, formerly 919
Broadway, moved to 1155 Washington St.,
Oakland; new stock stationery and notions.
FLESH reduced, natural process: lady and
gentleman attendant. O. S., box 1754, Call.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water. treatment; office 10, US Grant ay.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic stimulates a healthy
growth. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN, 570 33d st., Oakland. Cal. ;
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 60 per night: $150 to $8 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market Ft., bet. 7th and "th.
/ DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN -Elegant, - stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 86.
SAN ■ FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st. . ■ . 
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery. in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the • separate, . recovers .lost,
. stolen or burled property: locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, ■ 1206 Market St., opp. Sixth. .
MRS. EMILY MOORE. 1346 Market, rooms 1
and 2 — The wonderful trance medium can be
consulted on all the affairs of life; can read
your thoughts; tell Just what you want to
know;, removes evil influence; locates buried
treasures; if In bad luck she will change It
for you; letters promptly answered; enclose
, stamp: ladles 60 cents. . , '-,■'-. ;
MME. PORTER. wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladles T,iv,
gents $1; palm, andclalrv.:slt. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st,
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes told by planets;
predicted "74" overdue str. 23' i Sixth, rm. 6.
CLAIRVOYANT and card reader; ladies or
gentlemen. . 25c. .. 424 Tehama. «t.. near Fifth.
MME. PVRILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies.- 914 O'Farrell st.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions: L.. 25c; G., 50c: no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First ln'ner pro-
fession: never falls: advice: help. 929 Post. •
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
• free. .
SPIRITUALISM.
AT Dr. Rlnes" Spiritual Society, 909 Market St.;
entertainment, social. 8 p. m.
CAL. Hall. Oakland. Clay and Eleventh. MME.
YOUNG'S meeting to-night: 10c: boy orator.
MRS PHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st.; read-
Ings $1: clr. Tues., Fri., 2 p. m. : Sat., 8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trnnce test medium.
232 Stockton Ft.: old No. 218. •
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium:
sittings daily. 123'/! Sixth St., room 14..
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing: me-
dium. lIS Hnlght st.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute, 402% Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued: diseases and habits cured.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at fi'-i percent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life Insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3. • ■-.
LOANS on furniture or pianos. in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South. 14. . . . . '. . . :
$," UP" to" any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private .offices. ■■• M. E.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.. upstairs. ■'-
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
■ taln liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market Ft.: tel. Green 204. ■
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates : no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st. • ;
WANTED — To buy second-hand pianos for
cash. . 136 Ellis st. . . .....
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
. lowest rates. Becker & Co., 32S Montgomery.
QI7ICK on furniture, -pianos; no removal: no
commls. ; low Interest. Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages; estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist anil 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 62S Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister st. .
MONEY ' WANTED.
$500 WANTED— Secured by stock Jewelry: all
new; six times the value; also regulator,
watches and clocks for sale. Address "Urg-
ent," box 17. .2, 'Call office.
WANTED — $2000 on mortgage; S per cent; im-
proved income-bearing city property. - Box
3106, Call office. . ■■■..;-.
WANTED— To borrow $2GOO on good security.
Address 607 Sansome st. . '- .. "
financial:
LOANS on. real "estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
♦rates. MCAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st. bet. Market and Eddy.
(U LARKlN— Branch oflice of the Call. Sub-
■ scriptions and want ads taken.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; -light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown ; and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. We; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists— extraction, 60c;
teeth per set, $6 to $10; gold fillings, $1 up;
silver, 50c up; artificial teeth repaired, $1 up;
our crown and brldse work Is the best;
hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p.m.; Sundays, 9 to 1.
969 Mission "St., cor. Sixth; branch, 371 Hayes.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge for. extracting " when '■ plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless .extraction, and
j patentee of improved bridge work or .teeth
- without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full- set
of teeth, $5 up; . fillings, 25c up;; all ■ work '
painless nnd guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market st., corner Sixth. •
OHIO Dental Parlors, Sl9 Market, Academy of
Sciences- bldg., 6th floor; painless dentistry. *
L. A. ■ TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to 'Call bldg., 6th. floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. ■
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. '> C.
• YOUNG. IS-tl Polk st. - - ■' > ■
STORAGE. '
AT low rates— Furniture, . carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. 3. NOONAN, ■ 1017 to 1023
Mission St., aU ye Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances 'made; - fireproof " building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS, 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1321.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.;
office, Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FOR lowest ) rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN,
121 Sixth St., open evenings. - v
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ;
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. ■W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
PHYSICIANS.
i>RT~C?~C?~O'DO..NELL, oflice and residence,
120 C Market; ■ diseases of women a specialty.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
NICE home,' $900; several fine level building
lots, {125 up. Red Flag, Six-Mile Station, San
Bruno, road. Huwaxd-st. cars. ,
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath and all the latest
improvements;- terms to suit; -lot 2S:3xloi).
Apply at premises, 2527 Harrison St., bet.
21st and 22d.
$2900— ELEGANT home, southwest corner Cali-
fornia st. and Third aye. ; a rooms; bath;
stable; large basement; '2 frontages of 30
feet each: easy terms; greatest bargain In
Richmond; call and see it.
?2675— COTTAGES. 5 rooms and attic; easy
terms; Liberty St., near Castro; open Sun-
days. J. ANDERSON, Builder.
MILL VALLEY: for sale, house, furnished or
unfurnished.. Apply at 526 Turk st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 00, postage
free.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. ;
COUNTRY property for sale— l6o acres; 110 In
orchard; SO in full bearing: best varieties;
prunes, pears, peaches, . olives, apricots; Pla-
cer County, 3 miles from Folsom; house,
barn, outbuildings, etc.; fruit-dryer and with j
cellar; pumping plants; this property cost
$3"), 000; can be bought now for $12,000; owner
must sell: this year's crop estimated from
$2000 to $3000; part cash: would exchange. J. |
S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
SNAP 8 acres, Belmont. only $1200: easy |
terms; catalogue free. SPECK & CO.. 602 Mkt.
WRITE for list: good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
iH^A^mF^nTlio^ncFTiTllATucl^pTjß!
Villa lots ard acreage; easy terms; 4s minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market St.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. Vi
COMPLETE chicken ranch in Frultvale. now j
ready for the business. It is the best sec- ;
tion in the State for chicken raising; rent. }'<
per month, or will sell at a bargain and on I
terms to suit buyer. H. Z. JONES. Owner,
455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway. Oakland.
MUST be sold— Corner lot, 100x150. with 3 i
houses, bringing In a rental of $S5 per month: j
only one block from narrow . gauge depot; j
will be sold in whole or part: offer wanted. I
J. CALLAGHAN. Sl4 Broadway. Oakland
OAKLAND ROOMS.
FURNISHED rooms for rent in Abrahamson !
bldg, ,SE. cor.!3th & Wash. Abrahamson Bros. I
BAY-WINDOW suite; stab, dentist's office;
also complete housekpg rr.is. . 856 Broadway.
TRANSIENT rooms, 50c to $1 night; also by |
the month. S2l Market. % block from station.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
4 ELEGANT sunny rooms; corner house; fur- '
nished; with or without board. NW. corner 1
10th aye. and 11th St.. E. Oakland, nr. station.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE, F,62 Eighth st.
FIFTEENTH, 72G Pleasant sunny front rooms.
with board: private: large yard.
OAKLAND SUttNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 40S
Eleventh *t.. Oakland. '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
>? ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1600— FINE house. 5 rooms and bath; in fine
order; nice flower garden and chicken yard; !
near second station-, narrow gauge: $20 down, j
balance $15 a month. Apply at 413 Dupont j
St., after 4 p. m.
$750— Lot 60x270: modern cottage 5 rooms, near
echoolhouse.
$1200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
' $1600 — 50x150: fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: nepr Chestnut station.
$2850— 5150 cash; 525 per month: lot 40x150; only
2 blocks from station and Men school.
$3750 — house of 7 rooms and bath: lot
42x150; choice location; very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H P. MORE A L g, CO.. 1432 Park st.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
NICE 6- room cottage; fine location; rent $17; '
also neatly furnished office on Park St., $0. i
■T. H. YOUNG, 1213 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Near university, house of S rooms:
large lot: will .he sold very reasonably if
sold quickly. JAS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
Berkeley station. '
NEW house of 8 rooms In Berkeley; cheap. In-
quire 238 Fourth, corner Folsom.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$1500— LOT 25x125, with house of 6 rooms: brick
foundation; high basement; street graded and
sewered; in San Francisco; exchange for 1 to
3 acres of improved land with ■ house of 5
or 6 rooms, between San Mateo and Mount-
'aln View. Address box 1704. Call office.
IK USES. , ;
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses must sell. Emporium sales
yards, 220 Valencia st., T. P. NEVILE.
40 HOR£-IS for sale;' also wagons, buggies, •
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar- j
ket, 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. 1
FRESH milch cows, driving horses & donkeys
for sale cheap. Horan's Yds., 10th & Bryant.
JUST arrived horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard St.; auction every Tuesday.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap j
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and opes I
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples were granted mar-
riage licenses yesterday:
B. Badaracco and Clella Landini, 35-22.
Huldor Nllsen and Severlne Benson, 41-29.
Albert Frankman and Eda Coblentz, 43-23.
Antonio Matos and Carolina S. Brune, 31-19.
F. J. S. Bohman and Christine Ofelth. 33-34.
R. Bordenave and Celestlne Dantln. 24-19.
George Hakln and Mary Hayes. 27-21. ■
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and • death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and bo indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
i „ . BORN.
ASHLEY— San Jose, April 17, IS9S, tn the
wife of W. G. Ashley, a daughter.
DAWSON— In this city, April 20. 1898, to the
wife of John Dawson, a daughter.
GANTNER— To the wife of Charles R. Gant-
_• ncr, a daughter. . ,
JAMES— In Oakland, April 21, IS9S, to the wife
of Howard K. James, a son.
LYFORD— Near Martinez, April 15, 1883, to the
wife of G. H. Lyford, a son.
MUNRO— In this city, April 22. 1898, to the
wife of T. A. Munro, a daughter.
POWELL— this city. April 22, 1898. to the
wife of Clay H. Powell, a son. . .
■ .- . MARRIED.
GAFFEY— this city, April 21. 1898.
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Philip M. Gaffey
and Christina M. Haub.
REINF.KE— this city. April 21. IS9S,
by the Rev.' J. Fuendellng, Henry Reinek*:
and Henrietta Jarri.
ROUNDEY— In" Martinez, April 17,
IS9S, by the Rev. S. Kinsey, Arthur L.
Roundey and Anna Amelia Warne.
ALEXANDER— In San Jose, ' April 20,
1898, by the Rev. H. Melville Tenney, Fran-
cis W. Reid and Lynda Alexander. ■ ■ ■
DIED.
Bartlett, Mrs. Eliza Llntemeyer, I C.
Bauer. Christian Ludivici. Frederick
■ Blester, Louise . ' .MacNelll. Jackson
Buckingham. Minnie ' Morris, .Mrs. Mary .
Cassidy, Annie •'• " Mortensen. Jens P.- '
Doherty, Daniel. ' •.•."' Raine. George W. : ■
de la Cruz, Margaret ' Roux, Julia E. ' "
Eaton; Annie M.. '• ; ■ Schllchtmann, H.
Frank. Dr. Moses •, ' -Sprague, Orlando '•
Galloway, Martha ■ .'Stothard. William
Goe, Georgina E. Svllovich,- Antonio ■
Haley, William K. .Talley.' Sarah
Hanlon, Michael ' . Voss, Sophie M. A.
Holmberg, Frank Walsh, John '
Johnston. Ebert" ' ' 1-i Wart, Thomas
Kessler, William A. Wlke, John H.
Lee Sin" . • . Young, Robert F. . . .
Lewis, Evan W. > ' ■ ' ' ,
.. ■ ■- -■■ ■■■■■.■■ ■ ~. ... . r ,.. v . .;.-.. -.. ,
BARTLETT— In ; Pomona, . April 18, 1898, Mrs.'
Eliza A. . Bar.tlett, aged 92 years. ;' . \
BAUER— In ' East - Oakland, ' April 22, ' 1898,
Christian Bauer, a native of Germany, aged
67 years 9 months . and 19 days. ... -
BIESTER— JnthU city, April 22, 1898, Louise,
dearly beloved wife ■of William Biester.
mother of Elsie and Fred W. Blester, and
sister of Mrs. A. Rupinsky, and Emll 'Wieger.
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 36 years |
' 7 months and 13 days.
BUCKINGHAM-In Ukiah, April 20, 1&93, Mln- j
nle W., wife of the late John Buckingham,
and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Baechtel of
Ukiah, a native of California, rged 34 years
10 months and 1 day. .
CASSIDY— In this city, April 21. 1895. " Annie,
beloved wife of John Cassidy, and mother of
Joseph Cassidy,' Mrs. J. Thompron and Mrs.
S. B. Ross, a native of Ireland, aged 64 years.
B^The .funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence, 5C6 Franklin street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
private.
DOHERTY— In this city, April 21. IS9B, Daniel,
beloved husband of Ellen Doherty, and father
of Fannie Doherty, Mrs. E. J. Molloy and the
late Nellie Doherty, a native of County Done-
gal, Ireland.
(CXThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 912 Natoma street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DE LA CRUZ— In this city. April 22. 1888, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Mariano de la Cruz,
mother of John and Julius liecht. daughter
of Elizabeth and the late Andrew Gugels-
berger, and sister of Jacob. William. Charles,
Annie and Mmnie Gugelsberger and Mrs.
Lizzie Winkler, a native of San Francisco,
aged 35 years.
[CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 5 Reed place, off Green street, be-
tween Kearny and Montgomery. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
EATON— In this city, April 22. 189 S. Annia
Mary, daughter of William R. and Annie
Eaton, a native of San Francisco, azed 10
months.
E7"lnterment private.
FRANK-In this city, April 21, 1898, Dr.
Moses Frank, a native of Germany, aged 63
■ years. .. , . . ,
(TTFriend'? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment New
Salem Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train. ■ ■
G ALI.QW AY— into rest. April 22. ISSS.
Martha, widow of the late Captain William
Galloway, in her 7Cth year. (.Philadelphia
papers please copy.)
[T^Funpral services and interment private.
Kindly omit flowers. ' ■ >-
GOE— In this city. April 21. 189 S. Georgina.
Elizabeth, infant daughter of Charles A. and
Emma G. Goe, aged 5 months.
HALEY— In this city. April 21. 1898, William
Kempston Haley, beloved child of William
E. and Helen Thornton Haley, a native of
San Francisco, aged 8 months and 21 days.
Cy Funeral private.
HANLON— In this city, April' 2o, IS9B. Michael
Hanlon. beloved father of Mrs. Annie
Schwerln, a native of County Monaghan, Ire-
land, aged 67 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral ;
parlors of Tbeodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ■ '~. '-
HOLMBERG— In this city, April 22. 1898,
Frank, beloved son of the late George and
Catherine Holmberg 1 , a native of San Fran-
cisco.
(C7"Remains at the funeral parlors of Mc-
Ginn Bros., 31 Eddy street. Interment pri-
vate.
JOHNSTON- In Chilcoot Pass. Alaska. April
3, IS9B. Ebert. beloved husband of Cath-
erine Johnston, and brother of Arthur John-
ston, a native of Minnesota, ag»d 35 years.
A member of Harmony i^odge No. 9. A. O.
U. W., . and Arapahoe Tribe No. 76. Imp. O.
R. M.
Friends and acquaintances .and members
of the above-named lodges are ■ respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Red Men's
Hall, 320 Post street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cpmptery. Remains at the parlors of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2429 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first.
KESSLER— In this city, Anril 22. 1898. Wil-
liam A., beloved son of Ben and Agnes Kess-
ler, and brother of Josle. Minnie Louise.
Bertha and Fred Kessler. a native of 'Ocean
View, aged 5 months and 11 days.
LEE SING— In the City and County Hospital,
April 21, IS9B, Lee Sing, a native of China,
aired 33 years.
LEWIS— In Crockett. April IS. IS9S. Evan W.
Lewis, a native of Wisconsin, (.ged 40 -years
and 5 months.
LINTEMEYER— In San Jose. April 20. 1898,
Cyprian Lintemeyer. a native of Germany,
aged 74 years 5 months and 6 days. •
LUDIVICI— In this city, April 21. 1898, Fred-
erick Woldemar, beloved son of the late Louis
Ludlvlcl, a native of Trier. Germany, aged
57 years. (New York Herald. London Times
and Cologne Gazette please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the
parlors of A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary
street.
MacNEILL— In this city. April 22. 1898, Jack-
»=on. beloved husband of Sarah MacNeill. and
rather nf Mrs. F. H. Shanks and Rle. Emily
and Lewis MacNeill, a native of Boston,
aged 63 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from St. John's
Church. Fifteenth street and Julian avenue.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via elec-
eric car. Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
MORRIS— In this city. April 22, 1898, Mrs.
Mary Morris, a native of Boston. Mass.
MORTENSEN— In this city, April 20, 1898, Jens
P. Mortenspn, brother of Peder Mortensen,
Mrs. Christiana Wuiff and Mrs. Christine
Kellrup. a native of Denmark, aged 73 years
9 months and 5 days.
. . [CFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), nt 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 606 Third street. Interment Masonic
■ Cemetery.
RAINE— In this city, April 21. 189 S. George W. f
beloved husband of Martha F. Ralne, father
of P. D.. Llllle, Annie and P. H. Raine,
Mrs. E. M. Adams and Mrs. K. Schroeder.
p.nl brother of James. Robert E. Shelton and.
Sowel Raine. a native of Kentucky, aged 05
years 7 months and 12 days.
ROUX— In this city. April 21, 1898, at her resi-
dence. 1003 MontGomery avenue, Julia E.,
beloved . wife of Frank Roux, mother of
Florence H. Roux. daughter of Rich-
ard and the late Mary Oantner, sister of
Mamie, Josie and Charles Gantner and Mrs.
P. Stange, and daughter-in-law of Mrs. B. ,
Gost, and sister-in-law of Mrs. O. A. Lutzen I
and Mrs. J. Seward, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 30 years 11 months and 12 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1003 Montgomery avenue. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
SCHLICHTMANN— this city, April 22. 1898.
Henrietta, dearly beloved daughter of Henry
and Albertina Schlichtniann. and sister of
Eda Schlichtmann, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 13 days.
[tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her parents'
residence, L' 347 Twentieth street,' corner of
Shotwell. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery- . / ■ ■ .
SPRAGUE— Pomona, April 19, IS9S. Orlando
Sprague, aged 83 years. .
STOTHARD— In this city, Apr 20, 1898, Wil-
liam, only son of Thompson and Ann Stoth-
ard, a native of England, aged 32 years.
tCTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Satur-
day), at 1 o'clock, at his late residence. 118 1
Sweeney street, off San Bruno road. . Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SVILOVICH— In ■ this city. April £2. IS9S,- An-
tonio, relict of the late Hannah Svllovich, -a
native of Austria, aged 63 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances . ar^e respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Gaitfner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
8 'and 10 City Hall square, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Alabama street, near Twen-
ty-fourth, for services, .commencing: at >1
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. '■<
TALLEY— In Pomona, . April : 19, 1898. Sarah
Ann Talley, aged 6 4years. ■ •. :
VOSS— In this city. April 22. IS9S, Sophie Mary
Ann, beloved wife of David. Voss, a native of
Cincinnati, Ohio, aged 41 years. • :
WALSH— this city, April 20. IS9B, John, be-
loved husband of Mary Walsh, end father of
Henry, John T., William F. and Mary E.
Walsh and Mrs. P. Liepelt,- a native of
County Cork, Ireland. .
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited t> attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, " from his late
residence, '■'16 Dolores- street, •' thence to St.
James Church; where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for • the repose .of his soul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WARD— In this city. April 21, 189S, Thomas,
beloved husband of- Anna Ward,-. a native of
County Sllgo, Ireland, aged 40 years 6 months
and 23 .days. \:.'..' . . ..:.
(T^Friend 1 * and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, irom the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 836 Washington; street,
thence to St. Mary's Church, corner Califor-
nia and Dupont streets, where services will
be held, thence to 11:30 train, corner Third
and.Townsend streets. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ■
WIKE— In this city, April 22. 1898. John Henry
Wike,' a native of Barnsley, England, aged
' 61 years.
YOUNG— In this city, April 20. IS9B, Robert
F., beloved son of Susan and the late Captain
William Young, and brother of Ada. Arthur
: ' and Richard Young, a native of Sacramento,
Cal., aged 30 - years. (Sacramento papers
please copy.) .
.' jryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at .10:30 o'clock, from St. Paul's
■Episcopal' Church, California street, < near
'Fillmore. Interment I. O. r> . F. Cemetery.
I" McAVOY & GALLAGHER. j
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEB3 I
■•' 20 11FTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. fj
_ : •'■■ i. Telephone, South 80. I
Estab. 185 S. • Tel. South 47.
CRAIG & COCH RAN CO.
" Funeral Directors and Embalrners,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. spacious chapel for tha tut
of our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
1516
PATRIOTISM
WITH SONG
AND PRAYER
First Day's Session of Epworth
League Convention Marked
a Success.
Able Speakers Praise God and Ridicule the
Present System of City Government and
Political Ambitions.
Success has marked the first attempt
to bring together the workers of the
Er^orth I,eatjue from all portions of the
State. The convention concert, which
marked the opening of tho exorcises ar
ranged for. has apparently paved the way
for socia.l and Interesting meetings, and
without an exception the members have
entered the work with all the spirit of
which they are possessed.
Karly yesterday morning the first im
portant gathering in the beautifully deco
rated Howard-street Church was held.
There was a large attendance and the
day's work and pleasure was opened with
Bong led by Robert Husband, followed by
a prayer service by Key. M. C. Alexander.
The church has been turned Into a ver
itable color booth, as the league colors,
scarlet and white, are draped in pro
fußion, and here and there the national
colors lend beauty to the scene.
The platform In the church has been
built forward into the auditorium for the
purpose of better accommodating the
large chorus of voices which will lend
their assistance in making- the gathering
a success not soon to be forgotten. The
ladies and gentlemen of the reception
committee have received praise from all
sides for the interest taken in flic work,
and they graciously act as guides, bureaus
of information, messengers and have as
■well taken It upon themselves to meet
every incoming train on which any visit-
Ing delegates were expected.
At 9 o'clock, eight-minute reports con- j
cerning the features of this year's work
In the league were submitted by the dis
trict presidents. Miss Man.- L. IMckson of
Napa. W. 11. Young of Oakland, George
D. Kellogg of Sacramento and Professor
R. D. Hunt of San Francisco. It was re
marked by the president of the San Fran
cisco district that for each month during
the past year a wedding had taken place
among the members ot the Santa Cruz
branch, and the speaker seemed to be of
the opinion that many other branches of
\\'' organization should stir their mem
bers up to the wedding pitch.
The interest that has been taken by
the Chinese in this city in the work was
demonstrated by a large gathering of
Chinese members. who attentively listened
to words of praise delivered by their
leader. Rev. Chan Hun Fau. The Chinese
members have taken large parties
through their quarters free of charge,
and it has been decided to carry on the
excursions nightly. The young 1 people
t resent were congratulated by Rev. K. P.
lennett. president of the California Con
ference League, upon the good work done |
throughout the State during the past
year. The improvement of the organiza
tion was shown to be due to the united
efforts of the members to improve the
organization.
Miss E. J. Dornin of Grace M. E.
church read an interesting paper en
titled "Preparation for Leading a Devo
tional Meeting." and among other things
stated that the devotional meeting of the
league was the source whence the
real spiritual life of the league is de
rived, and that better work was accom
plished where prayer was heard. Where
much is to be accomplished the accom
plishment of the object in view is made
easier by prayer in proportion to the
magnitude of the undertaking.
L. L. Dennett, a popular attorney from
Modesto, spoke on "Harmonizing With
and Helping the Other Church Ser
vices." It was remarked by the speaker
that the league has many fields, but the
one point to be undertaken should be to
bring souls to the Lord Jesus Christ.
Loyalty tr> Methodism," he said, "was
no more antagonizing to other denomina
tions than a soldier to his regiment was
antagonistic to any other regiment In the
same army, fighting the same enemy "
At times during the meeting the speak
ers referred to th«» soldiers and govern
ment, and patriotism was shown by loud
and continued applause. Rev. H. \V
Peck gave his views concerning "The
League and Revivals." Among other
things he said: "From Its very birth
Methodism has been characterized by
energy, spiritual fire and a determination
to evangelize the world. Our church Is
peculiarly adapted to the spiritual needs
of our people, and under God it has been
the means, and is largely the result of
the world's greatest revivals."
The speaker, after reviewing the splen
did work accomplished by both the
church and auxiliary organizations step
ped from the platform and the work en
titled "The Spiritual Department" had
been completed. Sectional conferences
followed, and the gathering separated to
hear the words of the speakers who held
the exercises in separate rooms In the
church.
Mlrs F. E. Johnston. M. S.. was in
charge of the literary department, and
Bpoke of Bible study, reading courses
lectures and classes. Rolla V. "Watt re
viewed the financial work and spoke of
proportional and liberal giving, but C. W.
Coyle, who Hi>oke on the "Pen and
Press," was the attraction for the greater
portion of the members. The presidents
of various districts, the presidents of con
ventions and the presiding elders met to
listen to his words. In a brief but in
teresting way he reviewed progress from
many points, and the learning and energy
which has seemed to follow in h«*r wake
The afternoon session commenced at 2
O'clock, opening with a song service led
by Professor W. C. Stadtfeld, which was
followed by devotional exercises con
ducted by L. J. Norton, a member of
the Board of Control of the United
States.
"Relation to Christian Experience and
Evangelism" was reviewed by Rev. Bar
ton W. Berry, followed by a paper on
"Missionary Situation and Its Lesson to
Leaguers," read by Rev. F. J. Masters,
and Rev. A. J. Hanson contributed somo
Ideas on "Practical Measures for Con
serving," followed by Rev. John A. B.
"Wilson on "Missionary Information and
Interest."
The afternoon's work concluded with a
Junior rally, conducted by Mrs. M. D
Buck. Yesterday afternoon a reception
was held at the Chinese mission, 916
Washington street, where, refreshments
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR J
SKIN-TORTURED
And rest for tired mothers in a warm bath
■withC'iTKißA Soap, and a single application
of Cuticltia (ointment), the great skin cure.
Cr/TicritA. Rkmi:die3 afford instant relief,
and point to a speedy euro of torturing, dis-
figuring, humiliating, itching, burning, bleed-
Ing, crusted, scaly skin and ec^lp humors,
with loss of hair, when all else fails. ,
Soli throughout the world. Pottir D»co in Cm*.
Quit- ., Pole Prop*., Boiton.
(XT* " Hew to Cure Skln-Tortorr<s H»blei," free.
. JVJITj OIIMI.I cunccaf soap. __J
! were served. A reception will again be
■ held this afternoon between 4 and 6
o'clock. Monday afternoon the vis
iting and the local members will
visit Mount Tamalpais, and In the
, evening will hear a lecture delivered by
i the well-known speaker, John P. D. John,
, D.D.. L.L.D. He will be heard in the
I Howard-street church, and will deliver
i his celebrated reply to Robert G. Inger
! soil on "Did Man Make God, or Did God
Make Man."
This afternoon a special musical pro
gramme will be rendered at Golden Gate
.Park. Sunday morning sunrise prayer
! meetings will be held in the various
, churches In the city. Regular services
! will be held in all the churches at 11
; o'clock, and the visiting pastors will oc
cupy the pulpits. If found necessary, an
overflow meeting will be held at the Cen
j tral Church. Sunday evening will close
j the convention and a mass meeting will
be held in Metropolitan Temple. No ser
vices will be held In the churches on the
evening in question.
The evening session was opened with
prayer and song. The church was crowd
: ed to its utmost capacity to listen to the
'■ words of T. li. Hutchinson Esq. and Rev.
E. R. Dille, D. D. During the entire
evening the audj^nce was at a high pitch
and any reference to soldiers, the star
spangled banner or war orought forth a
storm of applause, which drowned the \
speaker's voice. "My County, 'T'ls of
Thee" was sung and but again kindled
1 the enthusiasm. The church was bright
• ly lighted and the decorations showed to
the best advantage.
T. B. Hutchinson was the first speaker. |
He had chosen "What Constitutes a Good
Citizen" as his subject, and in well-chosen
words held the audience seemingly spell
bound. In part he said: "We have all
become enthused with the proper spirit. |
If a call to arms should come we are
ready and even anxious to avenge the j
Spanish insult which threw an entire na
tion into mourning at the loss of hun- i
dreds of brave men." At times the I
speaker referred to the flag and then ;
touched upon the Government of the
country and the politics, which were j
j stated to be corrupt, received a portion
I of the attention of the speaker.
I He was followed by Rev. E. R. Dille on
"Municipal Problems and Our Young i
People." As the speaker stepped to the I
platform he was greeted with cheers, I
waving banners and hand claps and for a '
time seemed to be overcome with the '
reception accorded him. After the burst j
of applause had died away the subject i
was taken up. Among other things he
said: "As a rule any large city is wholly
governed by the most ignorant of her I
citizens. In consequence the rising gen- \
eration is met with a difficulty hard to
overcome and gradually growing in many '
places until it would seem that the cor
rupt classes would never be put down
The cities are growing to an alarming ex- !
tent, and as they grow corruption in- i
creases. To have a successful man we !
must have good government and have it
remain so. At the present time the
white marble of the City Hall is stained
with corruption, and our hard earned
taxes support a race course. Oakland is
also corrupt. I have a friend who de
clares that he never drinks water as it
has tasted of sinners since the flood, and
the water across the bay also tastes of
the sinners who sold the city to th*
water company but a short while ag
ue have borne almost all that any on«
is capable of bearing and yet there seems
to be no slackening of the pressure.
"We have had men whose names will
always live in the minds of the people for
their honored and patriotic acts and
praises should be delivered to the Al
mighty for that fact."
There will be no exercises this after
noon, as the members of the league will
visit places of interest in a body
Across the Bay.
In California, as nowhere else, a
short trip brings an almost complete
change of climatic conditions. El
Campo, the inviting resort established
by the Donahue road, is an example nt
this.
A half hour from the city on the big
steamer Ukiah and one is landed on
a shore of the bay entirely protected
from harsh winds and lying in perpet
ual sunshine. Plenty of room and plen
ty of warmth and all outdoors to enjoy
oneself.
Thousands go every Sunday, but a
crowd of almost any dimensions dwin
dles away in the big grounds at El
Cfempo.
HUNTINGTON'S REQUEST.
At a Meeting Yesterday the Railroad
Commission Fixed an Early Date
for His Examination.
At a special meeting of the Roard of
Railroad Commissioners yesterday after
noon it was decided to grant the "petition
of Coilis P. Huntington to have the time
for the examination into the financial
condition of the Southern Pacific Com
pany set as soon as possible in order to
allow him to attend to his business mat
ters in the East and elsewhere.
Commissioners Hinton and La Rue
were the only ones present, as Commis
sioner Clark is confimd by illness to his
house and consequently was unalile to at
tend A letter from Mr. Clark was read
in which he gave favorable consideration
to the Huntington request. It was there
fore ordered that a sunj.ena be issued to
C. P Huntington to appear before the
board on Monday. May 2. at 1 p. m. pre
pared to answer such questions concern
ing the financial affairs of his road as
the board shall desire to put to him
that being the earliest date the board
could grant for his request.
A resolution appointing I. H. Polk spe
cial expert to assist the board in its ex
amination was passed. Mr. Polk is the
stepfather of John Hradbury, the some
what notorious Los Angeles millionaire
In next Sunday's Call Mme. Melba
tells beginners what she considers is
the chief element of success on the
stage.
The Wasp This Week.
One of the most interesting and at
tractive numbers of the Wasp issued for'
a long time is this week's issue. Two
pages are devoted to pictures of the de
parture of the United . States Artillery
and Infantry troops to the front and en
tertaining and instructive pictures of
United States marines when ashore.
There are besides a number of attractive
cartoons of celebrities in social and the
atrical circles and much that is of in
terest in the way of reading matter. The
editorials are timely and vigorous and
the various departments show careful
preparation. Altogether this week's
Wasp is a number that is deserving of
special praise. 8
No one will use a fountain pen after
trying a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
Guilty of Poolselline.
At a late hour last night a jury In
Judge Campbell's court returned a verdict
of guilty in the case of 11. W. Coleman
charged with poolselling. The jury was
out one hour and a half, and recommend
ed the defendant to the extreme merov
of the court. This Is the first conviction
ever secured in this city on that charge
Try our fl EyexUsßea. 710 Market $ U Geary.
THE BAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 23, 1898.
SAVED BY A FENDER.
Little Arthur Rusk's Narrow Escape From
Death on Mission Street,
THE SYSTEM PRACTICALLY TESTED,
i
Arthur Rusk, a six-year-old boy, was struck, knocked down and
dragged several yards by a Mission street car, picked himself up, ran away ■
and completed the errand his mother had started him out on.
A few weeks ago, before the Introduction of a fender of any kind, this
statement would have seemed extraordinary or bordering on the impos- •
Bible, but to-day it stands a fact, and in one family at least the fender is ■
looked upon as a godsend. . • •
Arthur lives at 2501 Mission street. Yesterday morning at about 9 o'clock •
his mother wished some trifling errand done and sent the little fellow ■
out, warning him to be careful in crossing the street. The child, how- ■
ever, was perhaps more impressed with the responsibility of being sent out ■
on an errand than in obeying his mother's injunction, and in his hurry ■
to do the errand and do it well, lie rushed- across the street in front of •
an approaching car. The motorman for a brief moment saw the half- ■
dazed child hesitating in the track of his car, then, with the skill of a •
practiced hand, pulled the brake. It was too late, however, to avoid an •
accident, which without the fender would certainly have been fatal. The •
front end of the car struck the little fellow, bearing him down right In •
front of those grinding wheels which would crush out the life in a half -
turn. But the little bars of iron Interposed. As the car slid along with ■
brakes firmly set the boy was rolled round and round in front of the ■
wheels mercifully balked of their prey. With a few groans and squeaks ■
the wheels stopped in obedience to the brakes. The boy was picked up— •
semi-conscious, it is true, but practically unhurt, and saying that he must ■
transact "Mamma's errand" ran away. The fender had won the victory ■
and the morbid crowd which follows an accident like a flock of vultures -
soon dispersed.
ROBINSON
HAS NOT
RETURNED
The City Prison Captain Still in the
East and May Not Come
Back.
Writes a Letter to His Temporary Successor,
Reuben Wolf— Says He Is Tired of
Police Business.
It Is more than likely that Captain
Robinson of the City Prison will not
return. At the meeting of the Police
Commissioners on March 7 he was
granted a leave of absence for four
teen days on the plea that his father
had died in the East and his presence
would be necessary in order to settle
up the estate left by the deceased. Just
before leaving this city Robinson in
formed a friend that he did not intend
to return, and announced his deteririi-
nation to permanently locate in the
East, where he had spent his boyhood
days. Hla leave of absence was up
Thursday, but despite this fact Robin
son is still enjoying himself in the
East.
Yesterday Acting: Captain Wolf re
ceived a letter from Robinson in which
he advised him to keep a sharp look
out for the storeroom.
"Be extremely cautious," he wrote.
"The contractors will do you up If they
see the least chance."
Last night Wolf visited the office of
Chief Lees and showed him the letter.
After reading it the head of the Po
lice Department told him to continue aa
captain of the prison.
When seen a short time afterward
the Chief said that he could not un
derstand why Robinson had not re
turned.
"He is certainly overdue," he remark
ed. "His leave of absence was up yes
terday. Whether or not be intends to
return I do not know."
When asked if Robinson had been
granted an extension of time, the Chief
emphatically answered "No."
Among his few intimate friends their
opinion is that Robiiiison will not come
back to the city. In his letter to Act
ing Captain Wolf he wrote that he
had been granted an extension of time
by the Commissioners, and that he
would return in a short time. The
Commissioners emphatically deny that
the astute captain ever applied for an
extension of time and threaten to de
capitate him at their next meeting. If
they take such action Wolf will in all
probability be made captain of the
prison. He has a host of friends who
would like to see him promoted to the
position of captain.
The Labor Council.
There was very little business out of
the routine transacted at last night's
meeting of the Labor Council, but a dele
gation from the Allied Printing Trades
Council was present and much time was
given up to the discussion of the status
of the printers' strike. C. E. Hawkes,
president of the Typographical Union,
again reiterated the list of grievances
which led up to the strike and thanked
the unions affiliated with toe council fo?
the speedy and substantial manner with
which the requests for llnancial assist
ance had been met. He also reported
that the local office of the American
I ress Association had adopted the label
and willingly conformed with the chapel
regulations of the International Typo
graphical Union. The Young Ladies' In
stitute has also forwarded a letter to the
strike, committee expressing the sym
pathy of that organization with "the
strikers and a copy of a resolution to
the effect that all printing .lone for the
institute in the future will bear the union
].-l>' '. A committee from the Labor
t ouncil was appointed to co-nperate with
the strike committee in turning work
away from the offices opposed to the
union.
THE VALLEY ROAD BOOMING.
All Along the I/me the Work Is Pro-
gressing With Gratifying
Alacrity.
Chief Kngineer Storey of the Valley
Road returned yesterday from a tour of
inspection he has been making over the
entire line. He reports that the road is
now entirely completed to within three
miles of Bakerstlold, and that the great
steel bridge over the Kern River has been
pushed ahead with such expedition that
it Is expected by the first of the month
the track over it will have been laid.
The terminal facilities that havo been
secured at Bakersfleld are In every way
all that can bo desired. There Is yard
room covering a space of seven blocks In
length by one block In width and work
is now goinsr forward on a brick combi
nation station— that is, a station combin
ing baggage room and passenger rooms
under one roof, the walls of which are
already beginning to climb well upward.
The grading on the link from Visalia
to Waukena Junction has commenced
from the Junction end and about one mile
of grading has b(!en completed.
Mr. Storey says he expects the road to
do considerable business this year in
shipping cattle. The section of the coun
try that it taps is well watered and the
feed is abundant, consequently the dry
conditions that prevail in other parts of
the State will not be felt there.
The approaches to the Franklin tunnel
are about cleared away, and portals are
being erected at either end. It is ex
pected that in about a week or ten days
the actual boring will commence.
THE WILLIAMS TRIAL.
The proceedings yesterday in the Uni
ted States District Court in the case of
the Government against Dick Williams,
former inspector, consisted of attempts
on the part of the defense to show that
the reputation of Wong Sam in the mat
ter of the landing of Chinese was bad.
Among the witnesses were William G.
Hates and L. J. Prince, who swore that
they would not believe Wonpr Sam under
oath. Bates pave his occupation as be
ing Interested in a gold quartz mine in
Southern Oregon since last November.
The ease will be submitted to the jury
next Monday morning at 10 o'clock.
THE CITY
ROBBED OF
THOUSANDS
Outrageous Frauds in Furnishing
Supplies for the
Schools.
Grand Jury Unearths a Mass of Corruption
That Will Implicate
Many.
The School Committee of the Grand
Jury has begun an Investigation into
the School Department that promises
to disclose a state of corruption of such
magnitude that the defalcation at
Treasurer Widber will sink into insig
nificance by comparison.
Enough has been exposed by the first
day's investigation, which was made
yesterday, to show that the city has
been robbed of thousands of dollars,
and that some of the heads of the de
partment must at least have had
some knowledge of what was going on.
Whether the Directors themselves will
be able to clear their skirts remains to
be seen.
Yesterday's developments would
seem to indicate that aside from P.
Bwlft, the contractor far furnishing
lumber to the department, the most
culpable party is Director Racan's
brother-in- law, John O'Brien, Inspec
tor of School Buildings, while Chair
man Gallagher of the Finance Commit
tee and Burns of the Buildings and
Grounds Committee will be called upon
to explain why they audited and recom
mended the payment of bills that on
the very face look suspicious, O'Brien
is the same familiar John The Call had
occasion to refer to less than six weeks
ago. John draws a salary of $150 a
month from the department and is sup
posed to give his entire attention to
the city, but it was shown that he had
found ample time to engage in the con
tracting business and to superintend
his private work. One Job in particu- |
lar was referred to— that of putting in
a foundation under a building at 725 ;
Mission street. O'Brien was not
charged with using city material in his
outside jobs because it was not known j
where he obtained his supplies, but
yesterday's investigation fully estab
lished the fact that the city has paid
for thousands of dollars' worth of lum
ber it has never received, and that
Kagan's brother-in-law must have had
some knowledge of it.
When The Call informed President
Barrington of O'Brien's private con
tracts that gentleman expressed his as
tonishment, and promised to look into
it, but if he has he has done it so quiet
ly that the public has never learned
of it.
For several weeks the Grand Jury
has been investigating- the financial ac
counts of the School Board, to the won
der of those who knew what was going
on, for it was regarded as one of the
regular cursory investigations that
every Grand Jury undertakes. Mem
bers of the board were summoned be
fore the Grand Jury session after ses
sion, and they seemed to regard the
whole affair as a bore — a waste of time
and talk.
But the Grand Jury was accumulat
ing data to enable it to begin an inves
tigation on lines widely divergent from
those usually pursued, and when every- i
thing was in readiness the work was
begun. The first move of the Com
mittee on School Department was to
invite A. B. Truman, a member of the
inquisitorial body, to co-operate with
it. This was done because of Mr. Tru
man's large experience in such matters.
The committee consisted of Emil Bauer.
H. A. Hedger and W. J. Bryan, and at
their request Mr. Truman, with the as
sistance of the jury's expert, began a
quiet investigation into the affairs of
the supplies department.
The result of this inquiry led Tru
man to request the committee to pro
cure the services of experts in lumber
and carefully inspect the repairs that
have been made recently. The com
mittee already had in its possession
the bills for lumber and shingles sup
plied — or rather charged— to the depart
ment for the six months beginning June
1, 1597, and ending December 31, last.
The heads of the California Lumber
Association were called upon and they
promptly recommended George B.
Campbell and E. J. Holt as the two
most reliable and expert lumbermen in
the State. Their services were readily
secured, and with Expert W. H. Rick
ard, the jury's expert, the committee
and Truman met at Bauer's office at 9
o'clock yesterday morning and began
to probe into the unsavory mass of cor-
ruption.
Enough had previously been learned
about Contractor Swift and his ar
rangement with the board to prepare
the party for almost anything that
might turn up in the way of crooked
work. For instance, Swift's contract
calls for two grades of shingles, com
mon and fancy. The first are the or
dinary roof coverings; the latter are of
a uniform width of six inches with
trimmed ends and are used for decora
tion purposes. The contract price for
the common shingles is 99 cents per
thousand. The regular price, wholesale,
is $1 70 a thousand. For the fancy
shingles Swift's bid of $1 91 per thou
sand was accepted, and no wonder, for
the regular price is $2 70 per thousand.
In view of these cuts on the regular
prices the investigators did not look
for any waste of fancy shingles.
They didn't. In fact they did not find
where a single fancy shingle had been
used during the period named, although
the city had been charged $1 91, the
contract price for the better grade, for
all the shingles used.
The first place visited by the Grand
Jurymen was the Clement Grammar
School, on Geary street, near Jones.
Their method of procedure was the
same at all the buildings visited. En
tering the yard they summoned the
principal and asked him to point out all
the repairs that had been made during
the six months prior to January 1. He
did so and the jurors then put the ex
perts to work to measure the shingles
and lumber used.
The records of the school department
showed that the city had been charged
for 19,000 fancy shingles at $1 91 per
thousand. The experts' measurements
showed that only 10,000 common shin
gles had been used. In other words
the city had paid $36,290 for 10,000 com
mon shingles, the cost of which, under
the contract, would be $9900; a differ
ence of $26,300 on that one lot of shin
gles.
The jurymen next visited the Hamil
ton Grammar School on Geary street,
near Scott. For repairing that building
the city had been charged for 17.000
shingles— fancy of course— at $1 91. and
61,350 feet of No. 1 two-inch Oregon
The fac-simile flf //g> / -_/* < Is on every wrapper
signature of „ t£*&!J£Z£&ilfa . of '. CASTOEIA.
pine at the contract price of $7 74. The
experts' measurements showed that
only 7500 common shingles and 30,000
feet of No. 3 Oregon pine had been used,
a difference of 9500 shingles and 31,350
feet of pine. Less than half the quan
tity charged for had been used, while
the highest price had been charged for
inferior material.
At the Golden Gate Primary on Gol
den Gate avenue, between Scott and
Pierce, the department's records show
' ed that 14,000 fancy shingles, at $1 91
: per thousand: 4425 feet of Ix 6 No. 1
tongue and grooved redwood at $19 05
per "thousand, and 5376 feet of No. 1 Ixlo
rustic at $16 45 per thousand had been
used. The experts could only find 5500
common shingles, 2854 feet of No. 2 red
wood, and 1900 feet of rustic, half of
which was No. 1, and the other half
No. 2.
A visit to the John Swett Grammar [
School on McAllister street, near |
Gough, showed that Inspector O'Brien
had been unable to find any use for
shingles during the six months, but he
did manage to get in a bill for the con
tractor for repairing a stairway. The
bill as paid calls for 2288 feet of step
ping at $24 per thousand, yet the ex
perts could only find where 867 feet had
been used, and the principal was posi
tive they had been shown all the re
pairs that had been made.
The Everett school on Sanchez, near
Sixteenth, panned out better, from the
contractor's standpoint, and no doubt I
Ragan's brother-in-law was satisfied, j
Besides the usual deficiency in, ana
overcharge for, lumber, the investiga- !
tion disclosed a little job performed by 1
Inspector O'Brien that, when it be- j
comes known, is not likely to add to
his reputation as a private contractor. I
Some more shingling had been done j
here, for which the city paid, as usual, I
81 91 per thousand for common shingles !
it ought to have been charged 99 cents
a thousand for. There were 44,000 shin- j
gles charged in the bill, but the ex- i
pert's measurement could only un- \
earth 27,000. Then there was a charge :
for 315 feet of 2-inch Oregon pine, at
$7 74 per M., which dwindled to 90 feet i
under the experts' rules.
During Truman's preliminary inves- j
tigation he had heard much of a mys- i
terious boiler and furnace, buried some- |
where on the grounds of the Everett I
School, and Mrs. Banning, the princi
pal, was questioned yesterday as to
what she knew about it. She pointed
to a little shed in the yard that is used [
by the teachers as a lunch room, and '
said the boiler was buried under that.
Inquiry brought out the fact that the
boiler and furnace had formerly been
used to heat the school with steam, but
had been abandoned. They were placed
in a pit which had become filled with
stagnant water, a constant menace to
the health of the children. Complaint
was made to the directors and O'Brien
w;is ordered to remove boiler and fur
nace and fill in the pit. Instead of d,o
in"g so, he had a little dirt thrown on j
top of the boiler, leaving a great cavity j
underneath the surface, which remain- j
ed filled with the disease breeding I
water. Then, to cover up his work —
or lack of work — and to use up some
more shingles and lumber, he built the
shed over the quagmire, for which the
only use that has been found is to give
the teachers a place to prepare their
midday lunch.
Only five schools were visited yester
day, but those five bore evidence of the
city having been robbed of many thou
sands of dollars, and all within a period
of six months. What the other schools
will show can hardly be guessed at,
but the committee of the Grand Jury,
with the experts, will visit them all.
At present the investigation will be
confined to the lumber contract. When
the full extent of that job has been
revealed light will be thrown on the
other supplies furnished the depart
ment.
DIED IN A DEN
OF BAD REPUTE
Probability That Conrad Mase
mann Was Drugged to
Death.
Police Engaged in Working on a
Case That Is Involved in
Mystery.
On the 16th of the present month Con
red H. Maseman. a stranger in this city,
was found dead in bed in a room in the
White House at 414 Jackson street, a
place not of good repute.
In his vest pocket were found two pow
ders, supposed at the time to be mor
phine, and on various scraps of paper
there were writings In pencil purporting
to have been signed by the deceased an
nouncing that he had ended his life be
cause some woman had robbed him of
every cent he had.
An inquest on the remains was held
by Coroner Hawkins yesterday morning
and it was developed that the man had
died from morphine poisoning, and that
the powders found on his person were
not morphine but anti-febrine. a compar
atively harmless preparation for the cure
of headache.
The authorities, because of this fact
and the further fact that the house was
the resort of lewd women of the lowest
class and of thieves and vagrants, sus
pected foul play, and Detective Silveywas
detailed to work upon the case. Mr. Sil-
Vey .testified yesterday that the manager
of the lodging- house threw obstacles In
the way ot a thorough Investigation, and
was very surly about it. The house had
a bad reputation, he said.
Officer Mi-Mahon said that the White
House was a resort 'of "bums," thieves
and toughs, and that not long ago an
ex-convict had been shot by a woman in
the house.
Rudelle told the same story already
published In The Call to the effect that
the deceased came in at 2 in the morning
with a strange woman and paid 50 cents
for a room. He did not see the woman
leave the house and did not see the de
ceased again until he broke open the door
on the following day and found him dead
in bed.
J. Schroeder. the bedmaker, told about
having knocked at the door of the room
occupied by Mnsemann, and having found
It locked. On the next forenoon he and
Rudelle broke open the door and saw the
dead body.
The jury found the following verdict:
"We, the Jury, do find that Conrad H.
Masemann, age about 50 years, nativity
Germany, occupation butcher, married,
residence New iork. came to his death
April 16. ISPS, at 414 Jackson street, city
and county of San Francisco, from mor
phine poisoning, and we further find that
he came to his d^ath by morphine p imin
istered by a party or parties unknown
to the jury. The character of the house
being bad" the police should Investigate
and the license be revoked if possible." M
THE NATIVE SONS.
A Rate of One Dollar to San Joss
Secured — Preparing for the
Grand Parlor.
At the meeting of the joint committee
of the Native Sons of the Golden West
for the celebration of the Ninth of Sep
tember, held in Native Sons' Hall last
night. W. H. Hazel of the transportation
committee reported that since the pre
vious meeting the Southern Pacific Com
pany had reported that it would give the
Native Sons a $1 rate for excursion tick
ets to and from San Jose.
The report was accepted, and it was de
cided that the delegates to the Grand
Parlor which will meet in Nevada City
on Monday nex: report to the grand body
that it is the sense of the convention tnat
the Admission day celebration be held in
San Jose.
To-night Stanford Parlor No. 76 will en
tertain at a high jinks in the banquet-hall
of the Native Sons' building all the dele
gates to the Grand Parlor who shall b«
in this city on their way to Nevada City.
A varied programme of music, song and,
story has been prepared.
Last evening Golden Cite Parlor had a,
social in Shasta Hall, Native Sons" build
ing, and tht-ro was present a large num
ber of the lady friends of the members,
who were treated to an Informal pro-,
gramme of vocal and instrumental music,
and then there was dancing until mid
night and the nerving of ice cream. To
morrow morning the drill corps (ft thisi
parlor will go on a picnic to San Jose.
Preparations have been made for' a pleas
ant day's outing.
Sunday morning the delegates to th«
Grand Parlor will meet at Native Sons'
Hall and proceed from there in a body to
the ferry, en route to the place of meeting
in Nevada City. The procession will ba
led by the band of Sequoia Parlor, Pro
fessor Sowser director.
Will Enjoy Themselves.
This year the Central Methodist Ep!s«
copal Sunday-school, Rev. C. E. Locks
pastor, will hold its annual picnic on Sat
urday, April 30, at Mirabel Park, twelve
miles' from Santa Rosa, instead of joining
in a union picnic with the other schools
of the city.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J Bring
That
I and fit him
| out in a new, neat and
H natty suit. You want your
; j£ boy well dressed — you want
I clothes on him that will
| make him happy.
I We've opened a depart-
jf ment for him and his play-
I mates, full of the same good
□ values that have made our
I men's ready-to-wear and
I made-to-order clothing de-
3 partment so popular.
I Boys' Suits, ages 4t014 ; fa A If-
M tan mixtures, checks I A/\
I and plain tylttU
| Boys 1 Suits, navy blue chev- ($4 /X
ft iots, ages 4to 15 tDl 111 1 {J
3 Boys' All - Wool Scotch
! Tweeds, ages 4to 15,
y plaids and checks, faC\ F"A
S browns, blues and \"\Hi 1
| blacks <I>U»U\J
It;
§1 All of the above Suits, in ages 4to
I 10, have large sailor collars, handsome
U braid on sleeves and collars ; ages 9to
] 15 made plain, double-breasted.
i S. N. WOOD & CO.,
| 7IS Market St., S. F.
"TheStaT
And
The War!
Only Almighty God Can Now
Avert War, Since Spain Will
Not Yield to the Demands of
the United States.
WHAT WAR MEANS
The Blue and Gray Line. Up
for Human Freedom, but May
Fight and Die Also for Vulture
Bondholders.
READ "THE STAR" AND BE ' POSTED.
JAMES H. BARRY, EDITOR.
B.H. PAUL'S
NEWLY ARRIVED
COLLECTION,
ANTIQUE, RARE AND FINE
TURKISH Pi IP CJ
PERSIAN nUuU
With his last stock, b<*fere his departure to
Alaska,
WILL. BE CLOSED OUT AT UNRESERVED
COMMENCING DAILY AT 2 P. M..
At 106-108 Grant aye., between Tost and Geary.
. As every rug will be sold out regardless of
cost, ' a life-time chance to buy genuine goods
j at your own prices. :v
[ . . - _.. N. E . CLARK, Auct)oa««r. *