VOLUME LXXXITI.— NO. 125.
SPAIN SPEEDING VESSELS
WHILE WAR FEELING GROWS
Pictorial Representation of the Spanish-American Situation, Showing Movements of the Respective War Vessels.
HOW LONG
CAN THEY
BE HELD?
Congressmen Grow Impa
tient While the Admin
istration Is Tempor
izing.
Call Office. Rlggs House,
Washington, April 3.
If there is any one in Wash
ington who knows the plans of
the administration.it is the Pres
ident himself, and much doubt is
expressed by his most Intimate
friends as to whether he has yet
made up his mind to send in his
message on Tuesday, Wednesday
or Thursday.
Representative Adams of Pennsyl
vania, who is Acting Chairman of the
Foreign Affairs Committee, says it will
be Tuesday; so does General Grosvenor
of Ohio; while another authority as-
F<»rts on the word of the President him
that it will be sent on Wednesday.
The Democrats and recalcitrant Re-
I'Ubli^an^. ho are tired of the delay
and eager t<j precipitate action before
Spanish torpedo flotilla can reach
Porto Kico, are to-night trying to cre
he impression that the administra
ii! continue for an indefinite pe
riod its temporizing, vacillating course,
again, there is much talk in hotel
ngst Democrats and Reputt
ki<k-rs of making another at
• to-morrow of passing a Cuban
■ > -ndence resolution.
The army reorganization bill will be
.UJK.en up to-morrow, and they urge that
:■.&■ 'rider" be attached to it, recognizing
:Cuban independence and recommending
•iirmfed. intervention. Some of the Re
0 .publicans loudly boast of their intention
■to break away from the Speaker, but
:\ria faith is longer put in their preten
sions. In their hotel lobbies confer
'". ehces they are lions, but in the House
tit Representatives they are a flock of
•\ controlled by Shepherd Reed. As
to. the nature of President McKlnley's
message, there is Just as much doubt
expressed. No one seems to know
whether he will merely lay the diplo
matic correspondence before Congress
and let them shoulder the responsibility
or whether he will urge Cuban inde
pendence and active intervention,
The San Francisco Call
The Democrats and Republican kick
ers are circulating a report that the
President will ask that Spain be grant
ed a delay of thirty days (till May 1)
when the Cuban Parliament meets.
Whether true or not, their obvious pur
pose is to excite Congress to immediate
action. On the other hand, Congress
man Grosvenor, who is generally re
garded as the President's mouthpiece,
holds out a hope that "his message,
when transmitted, will meet the expec
tations of the American people," who
should be patient and rest confident
that there is a good reason for any de
lay that may ensue. The President's
henchmen are, without making any
positive declarations of his policy, hint
ing that although his plans are al
ready well formed, it is desired by the
President to delay precipitate action
until certain preparations for war are
completed. They mention the fact that
munitions of war purchased in Europe
cannot reach here for a week or two,
and must leave foreign ports before the
neutrality laws intervene, and also in
time to escape Spanish privateers. This
is really one ground for the President's
delay, for whether his message to Con
gress is temporizing or not, he realizes
that Congress will take action which
will precipitate war before we are fully
prepared for it Another reason is un
doubtedly a hope that In the meantime
Spain will accede to our demands.
Senator Perkins of California, usually
very conservative, says that Congress
cannot be restrained longer than Wed
nesday or Thursday.
Illinois Reserves Called Out.
SPRINGFIELD, 111, April Gov
ernor Tanner has been asked by the
War • Department at Washington >to
have the naval reserves in readiness,
and has issued orders to that effect. "
• ■ ' " •> ' ' " '■ ■ ■ ■ ' ;; ■-
All Troops to Get Ready.
BUTTE, Mont., April . The ad
jutant-general of ."_ the . militia 2 has is
sued an order for all troops to be ready
to respond to a call In twenty-four
tours,
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1898 — EIGHTEEN PAGES.
SPAIN SENDING
A SECOND FLEET
Powerful Ships of War to Join the Tor
pedo Flotilla, and If War Is Declared
Experts Fear They Will Bom
bard Coast Cities.
NEW YORK, April 3.— The
Herald's Washington corres
pondent telegraphs: Spain's for
midable fleet gathered at Cadiz
is on the eve of proceeding to
sea. Its destination is not
known. This, in effect, is the
contents of a cablegram received
at the State Department this
morning from Minister W^od
ford. It was deemed of sufficient
importance by officials of the de
partment to be sent at once to
the Navy Department, where it
was placed in the hands of Com
mander Richardson Clover, Chief
of the Office of Naval Intelli
gence, to whom all matters relat
ing to the Spanish navy are re
ferred. Naturally there is a
great deal of anxious specula
tion in official circles as to the
destination of this second fleet.
Will it be sent to Cuba? Is it going
to Porto Rico? Will it join the torpedo
flotilla at Cape de Verde and convoy it
across the Atlantic? These are some of
the questions which the officials have
been asking themselves during the af
ternoon, and they say to-night
they are as much in the dark concern
ing the destination of the fleet as they
were this morning when the first in
formation of their departure came from
Minister Woodford. There is strong
reason for the desire of the officials to
know whither the tleet is bound, and
the department will depend upon Min
ister Woodford and Lieutenant Dyer,
the latter naval attache at Madrid, to
inform them immediately of the depart
ure of the fleet and its destination, if it
is possible to learn what that is.
The Spanish fleet is said to be su
perior at this time to the flying squad
ron under Commodore Schley's com
mand, and additions which will be
made to it during the week will make it
a force, which combined with the tor
pedo flotilla at Cape de Verde, will rep
resent practically the total available
fleet of Spain. As the flying squadron,
which will be the force probably called
upon to meet this fleet, consists of only
one battleship, one second-class battle
ship, one armored cruiser and two pro
tected cruisers. It Is recognized by the
officials that it will have to he consid
erably strengthened, and additions will
probably be made during the present
week. As the Herald stated, the New
Orleans is one of the ships which will
be placed under Commodore Schley's
command, and the San Francisco will
probably be another. There seems to
be a prevalent belief in naval circles
that the Spanish fleet will make its
first stop at the Canary Islands. This
point places the force but 700 miles from
Spain, 800 miles from Cape de Verde,
UNCLE SAM'S
SHIPS STRIPPED
FOR ACTION
KEY WEST, April 3.— Two
battleships, an armored cruiser,
1 monitor, three protected cruis
ers, two gunboats and six tor
pedo boats comprise the naval
force assembled at this port.
This fleet is practically cleared
for action, and is ready for serv
ce at a moment's notice. Should
3eclaration of war come to-mor
row, I am assured that the fleet
would be under way and heading
for Cuba within ten minutes of
the receipt of the notice, except
for giving the monitor Terror her
fighting garb of gray. Nothing
remains to be done in the way of
preparing for battle. The ships
are all coaled and provisioned,
rheir magazines are full of am
munition, and the vessels them
selves have been stripped of all
woodwork, even to their boats,
rhese, with the exception of life
i>oats, have been towed to the ba
jin at Government Station, *. :ere
they have been moored in flo
tillas. In addition to all, the
irews of the ships of war have
been "keyed to concert pitch," to
use the phrase of an officer from
the flagship, who described to me
the state of discipline which now
prevails in this fleet.
where the flotilla is waiting orders, and
about 2600 miles from Porto Rico,
should the Spanish Government deter
mine to send it there. Some fear is ex
pressed by naval experts that instead
of sending the fleet to Porto Rico and
Cuba for the protection of those islands,
Spain will order them to make an at
tack upon one of the coast cities of the
United States.
In view of the prospect of early hos
tilities, it is not believed at the Navy
Department that Spain will direct the
torpedo boat flotilla at Cape de Verde
to proceed on its way to Porto Rico, but
will take steps looking to its junc
tion with the fleet from Cadiz.
GENERAL GRAHAM SAYS
"IT LOOKS THAT WAY."
Reply of the Army Commander When
Asked if There Would Be
War.
GALVESTON, April 3:— General ■Wil
liam H. Graham, commander of the De
partment of the South, arrived in the
city at •" o'clock . this . morning. His
visit : as in the nature of . tour of in
spection of the fortifications of . the "de
partment. He came from . New Orleans
to Galveston and returned .'? to-night;
Accompanying him is '- Lieutenant G.
F. Barney. \ They were taken out to
the ' forts at the east end, , and . to Bol
ivar. In the af ernoon they wei taken
to the site of the Denver resurvey,
where Battery X is ; stationed. i- At :;5
o'clock " ; the officers took the train for
Fort " Morgan, Mobile, ;as the general
has several places which he designs
visiting jon : the ; return : : to headquarters.
When : asked if there ; would be war the
general ', replied: \
"It looks \ that : way." '
He ; was \ satisfied , ; with ; ; the prepara
tions for defense made here.
. ■■■ ■-■ *':•-. ••■— — —.. — — ,:'-,. ■. : '-. ■ '
Extreme Vigilance.
; KEY ; WEST, Fla_, April ■■ 3.— To-day
has passed very quietly and there were
no movements of the fleet. To-night the
Nashville will take the patrol and at all
times extreme vigilance ;is maintained.
The first ! message over the • new cable
from Key West to the Tortugaa was
sent'to-4ay % ,•> -- ; • ' y^Z'^l
WAR MAY
FOLLOW
MESSAGE
President McKinley Will
Not Advocate a Conflict,
but May Cause It.
Strange as It May Now Seem
There Are Many Statesmen
in Washington Who Think
Spain Will Yield.
NEW YORK, April .v-
The Herald's Washington cor
respondent telegraphs: Presi
dent McKinley's message to
Congress may bring war, but it
Will not recommend it. This is
as much as any one can say to
night as to the general effect of
tl.t anxiously awaited document.
"VICTORY IS WITH US,
FRIENDS OF PEACE."
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, April 3. — Last night the situation looked as black as It
could be, but this evening all is changed. Early this morning Senors
Sagasta, Gullon and Moret received notices to attend at the Palace.
When they reached there a communication of historical importance
was conveyed to them. Two days ago the Spanish Government refused
an armistice. To-day, upon the intercession of the Pope, Spain accepts
an armistice, and this speaks peace. -
There are many events which have occurred on this Palm Sunday
which will make it a day never to be forgotten in the annals of this
country's history, many of which discretion bids me to suppress, but
some of them I can give you, and if you are of diplomatic trend you
will read much good news behind them. First there was a conference
at the Palace, which was all important. Next the visit of the Austrian
Embassador to the United States legation. That visit was of a reassur
ing nature. Next came the prolonged call of Senor Gullon, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, which lasted, I think, a couple of hours. The inevit
able signs are that diplomatic relations are far from being broken off.
Lastly, General Woodford, tired, but triumphant, looked as though say
ing, "Victory is with us. friends of peace."
WASHINGTON, April 3. — Assistant Secretary Day has authorized
an official denial of the statement that the Pope is to mediate between
this country and Spain.
The President's closest friends
insist that they have no definite
idea as to the specific recom
mendations the President will
make. Representative _ Gros
NEWS OF THE D~Y.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair on Monday: light north
erly changing to westerly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 60 degrees
Los Angeles 68 degrees
Portland 80 degrees
San Diego 58 degrees
Sacramento 68 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Can Congress Be Checked?
Spain Sending a Second Fleet.
McKinley and Hia Message.
SECOND PAGE.
Formidable Flying Squadron.
Maine Wreck Abandoned.
What Congress Will Do.
False Hopes of Spaniards.
THIRD PAGE.
Two Hundred Drowned in Indiana.
Fearful Hurricane and Floods.
Europe Talks Peace.
Queen Regent Unyielding.
Quiet Sunday at Madrid.
Havana Ready for Trouble.
FOURTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The Sooner Begun, the Sooner Ended.
A Fine Business.
Progress Delayed.
The Folsom Boulevard Bonds.
The Traveling Library Plan.
Manuscript Mutterings.
Stories From the Corridors.
News of Foreign Navies.
Answers to Correspondents.
FIFTH PAGE.
Coursing at the Two Park*.
Ball Games of the Day.
SIXTH PAGE.
Chase of Train Robbers.
Funeral of Senator Enos.
National Guard Notes.
News Along the Water Front.
SEVENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
Holy Cross Church Cornerstone
EIGHTH PAGE.
The Masonic Festival.
NINTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages. Deaths.
TENTH PAGE.
Job Printers Out on Strike.
Shooting on the Ranges.
Sermons on the War.
Campbell Dies in Prison.
Palm Sunday Services.
EIGHTEENTH PAGE.
A Move for Better Lights.
Regular Army Matters.
FIVE CENTS.
venor, who is usually regarded
as the legislative spokesman of
the President, says the Presi
dent will make a strong, firm re
view of the Spanish - Cuban
question, and that his recom
mendations will be in the direc
tion of the independence of
Cuba without involving a de-
claration of war.
He says further that the President
will make such a comprehensive review
of the entire Cuban question and such
definite recommendations in the way of
solving the great problem that Con
gress can be depended upon to co
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BABY'S COniNQ.
■Nature intended • that
•rj every woman' should
■ ff/7 look forward to the com-
\*~%X( Jj ing of her baby with joy
t^JqVTs and hope, unclouded by.
l«irY/5 anxiety. Almost : pain-
TiL>y ess parturition is quite
/km ' the usual thing among
/Ofil uncivilized people.
II aiM\ Even in our own country
j! HBP) it occasionally ' happens
/ IkmSL with women, in robust
r';B §3 health and good condi-
// Im&L tion. It ought to be the
// It&B&p rule instead of the excep-
// ISS&k t * on : and * l 's a act at
II (KjkS a very large proportion
/c'JJßwrra. of ! he usual pain and su *-
•W^Tril** I*^1 *^ ■ fering may be avoided by
looking after the mother's general health, ~
and specially strengthening the particular
organs concerned in parturition. i ; »
; Many mothers have been brought through
the trying time almost painlessly by the aid
of Dr. Piercc's Favorite { Prescription. It
prepares • the system ■ for delivery by .. im-
parting the organic strength ; and elasticity
which the mother specially needs ; shortens
the time of labor and of confinement ; pro-
motes the secretion of abundant nourish-
ment for the child and fortifies the entire
constitution against the after period of de- .
pression and weakness. It's use should
begin in the early months of gestation — the
' earlier the better. \ . ,:■ ] : Ji; -■
Mrs. Fred Hckt, of Glenville, Scheneetady Co.,
N. y., says : " I read about Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription being so good for a woman with
child, so I got two bottles last September, and
December 13th, I had a twelve-pound baby girl.
When I was confined I was not sick in any way.
I did not su9er any pain, and when the child
was born I walked into another room and went
to bed. I never had an after-pain or any other
pain. This is the eighth child and the largest
of them all. I suffered everything that flesh
could suffer with the other babies. I always had
a doctor and then he could not help me very
much, but this time my mother and my husband
were alone with me. My baby was only seven
days old when I got up and dressed and left my
room and stayed up all day."2
FORMIDABLE SHIPS
IN THE SQUADRON
'• Flyers " Under Command of
Commodore Schley the Best
of Their Kind Afloat,
HAMPTON ROADS, April 3. — The practical completion of a flying
squadron of th? American navy by the assignment of Commodore W.
6. Schley to take charge and his acceptance as marked by his active
operation on Monday last is an epoch-making event in the history of
the present difficulty. No other action of thJs Government since the
Maine disaster so actively determines the fact that actual warfare
has been expected. The North Atlantic squadron is always organized,
and the appointment of Captain Sampson to its command is but the
natural sequence of the retirement of Admiral Slcard from active
duty. So, too, the assignment of ships of war to that squadron or to
the Pacific squadron are but moves toward the mobilization that might
occur at any time.
The fleet practically gathered and altogether proposed that will
bear this euphonious title is one of the most formidable that can be
gathered by any nation. Egotistically in favor of the United States
as this statement may be, facts bear it out.
In average rate of speed, in armored protection, in caliber and
number of guns, and in fighting quality and discipline of men, it can be
proved that the composition of this flying squadron is superior, point
of numbers being equal, to any organization of a like nature that
can be formed by a foreign power.
A summary of the points in comparison with the best boats that
Spain can offer in making up a similar squadron follows:
Name. Tons. Horsepower. Speed Knots.
Brooklyn 9,275 18,000 22
Columbia 6,375 12,000 23
Massachusetts.... 10,288 9,000 17
Minneapolis 7,375 11,000 23%
The four best armored cruisers that Spain has, compared with this
fleet of flyers, would be as follows:
Name. Tons. Horsepower. Speed Knots.
Viseaya 7,000 13,000 20
Infanta Maria 7,000 13,000 20
Pelayo 900 8,000 16
Oquendo 7,000 13,000 20
The total displacement tonnage of the United States flying squadron
!s 43,109 and of the Spanish 30,900. The average horsepower of the
United States vessels is 12,500 and that of the Spanish 11,750. The av
erage rate of speed of the four United States ships is 21% knots per
hour, while the Spanish fleet has to content itself with 19 knots.
It is possible that the battle-ship Massachusetts, being somewhat
slower than the rest of the fleet, will be supplanted by the New York,
and the average of speed and fighting capability of the squadron will
be increased. It must be remembered that the Brooklyn and New York
are two of the finest types of fighting machines in the world, having
their main batteries supplied with rapid-fire guns, with which very
few warships are equipped except in a secondary battery. The great
point of advantage of this fleet, however, is in thickness of armor, cali
ber of guns and the fighting qualities of the men. There are five 13
inch guns on the American flying squadron, while the whole Spanish
navy has not one, and only two 12-inch guns. Of 12-inch guns, our
squadron has four and of 8-inch guns fourteen.
operate with him without making a
declaration of war. The most that can
be said as to this is that Congress will
wait until Wednesday for the message.
The character of the message and
time alone can tell whether Congress
will follow out the President's recom
mendation. There are no visible signs
that Congress is less bellicose to-night
than it was a week ago. It is only
being held in check because the Presi
dent is expected to offer some imme
diate and radical solution of the great
problem.
For some reason not quite clear there
has been a bis? wave of peace talk in
Washington to-day. As one official ex
pressed it, "There is a big international
hen on, which may, after all, hatch out
peace."
Pressed for an explanation, he said
the administration was exoecting much
from the action of the representatives
of the powers in Madrid in pressing
Spain to resume negotiations with the
United States for the purpose of ar
ranging terms of peace for Cubans on
an independent basis. This official
further informed me that a lengthy
cable had gone to Minister Woodford
outlining what the President intended
to say to Congress and leaving it dis
cretionary with him as to the advisa
bility of letting the Madrid authorities
know that the time had now come for
action.
Confronted with these facts showing
that the United States is at last deter
mined to make a final and vigorous
stroke for the independence of Cuba,
Spain will thus, the official thought,
"be in humor to heed the advice of
Great Britain and France and the
financial interests of those countries and
immediately find some way of comply
ing with the demands of the President
for letting go of Cuba.
This, coupled with reports in circula
tion about the influence of the Pope
being exerted in this country to stave
off war, may account for the peace talk
which is heard about Washington to-
night.
It was reported to-night that Arch
bishop Ireland had arrived in Washing
ton and had conveyed to the President
through Senator Elkins a message from j
the Pope. It was said that he spent i
the day with Senator Elkins. The lat- j
ter was with the Preident for quite a '
while this evening, and his presence at i
the White House was regarded by j
some as a confirmation of the rumor
of his conference with Archbishop Ire- !
land. Senator Elkins, however, after !
leaving the White House, indignantly
denied that Archbishop Ireland was in
Washington or that he had gone to the i
White House on any such mission as
Indicated.
The President has had but little tlm<> !
to-day to work upon his message had I
he been prepared to commence It. From
early morning until late to-night the {
White House haa been a scenfi of nu
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
A touch is enough
for cleanliness. That
is why it lasts so.
merous consultations between the;
President, Cabinet officers, Senators
and Representatives, who are in thor
eujrh accord with him in his efforts to
bring about an amicable adjust
ment of the difficulty, if possible, with
out tarnishing the honor of the nation,
and at the same time reach a just con
clusion.
The President did not go to church
this morning, but remained at the
White House, where he was joined by
Secretary Long. Postmaster-General
Gary, Attorney-General Griggs and
Judge Day of the State Department.
liy special invitation Senator Hoar of
Massachusetts was invited to be pres
ent during the conference.
The presence of Senator Hoar indi
cates conclusively that the President
is exercising the greatest care in se
lecting the phraseology he intends to
employ in his momentous communica
tion to Congress. This senior Senator
from Massachusetts is regarded as the !
most scholarly man in the Senate, and !
he is a past master in the art of using
English language to the very best ad- j
vantage.
This is not the "!rst time he has been
called upon to draft certain portions of
great state papei , and President Mc-
Kinley will doubtless receive some val
uable suggestions with which to ex
press his views on a subj-ct which
means bo much to the people of the
United States. The conference lasted
until nearly half-past 1 o'clock, and the
participants were very guarded in
their comments upon their morning
deliberations.
Secretary Lcng said the message to
Congress was tl- subject discussed,
and the President is now in possession
of enough information and suggestions
to warrant him in commencing the
delicate tas,k he has to perform. The
Secretary declined to state what the
substance of the message may be, but
added that he is confident that it will
meet the approval of every American
citizen and Will do ample justice to the
great issue involved.
Other members of the Cabinet who
were spoken to on the subject were
equally reticent and declined to antic
ipate anything the President has in
view.
CALLS ON SPANIARDS
TO AID THE NATION.
Press of Barcelona Appeals for Funds
to Carry on War With
America.
Copyrighted. igjjg, by James Gordon Bennett.
BARCELONA. ApVll 3.— There has been
here to-day a perceptible feeling that war
can hardly be avoided. The Diario del
Comercio, which up to now has been
more optimistic, makes an impassioned
appeal to the people to rally to the aid
of the nation with funds. The Publicidld
calls on the people to show their old-time
energy, firmness and courage. The No
ticiero Universal appauds Senor Sagasta's
words that all would be done to main
tain peace, but that, if Spain's honor
were attacked, it would not be tolerated.
In Government circles measures for
territorial defense are being rushed with
all speed. The Tetuan regiment has re
ceived orders to be in readlne::; to leave
fur the Canaries at any moment. The
Majorca regiment was to have left "Va
lencia this afternoon en route for the
same place. Batteries on the coast of Ma
jorca are being strengthened in order to
secure the island from surprise.
ENGLAND THREATENS
TO SEIZE PORT ARTHUR.
Warns China That the Lease Made to
Russia May Be Disre
garded.
Copyrighted, 1898, by Jamra Gordon Bennett.
YOKOHAMA. April 3.— A Peking dis
patch from a source usually very trust
worthy says England has not.nt 1 China
that if the lease of Wel-Hai-Wel is re
fused the British fleet will seize Port
Arthur regardless of Russia's lease. The
fleet, which is now assembled at Chefoo,
will consist of twenty-nine Bhi^a. Sev
eral English cruisers are already at or
near Port Arthur.
The Foreign Office here being closed to
day I cannot g^* a Japanese affirmation
or denial. I learn from Shanghai that
the British fleet has evidently been pre
paring for sometmng unusual. It is now
probable that Japan will make no effort
to prevent England from taking pos
session o£ Wei-Hai-Wel.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1898.
WILL ABANDON
THE BATTLESHIP
Wreck of the Maine to Be Left in Havana
Harbor, and Spaniards Declare They
Will Raise the Vessel to Vindi
cate Their Honor.
NEW YORK, April B.— A
Washington special to the Her
ald says: Secretary Long has
finally directed the abandonment
of the wreck of the battleship
Maine. This decision is osten
sibly the result of the recom
mendation of the Chadwick
board of survey, whose report
reached the Navy Department
yesterday afternoon. In reality
it was directed by a desire on the
part of the administration to re
move from the harbor of Havana
the wrecking outfit and divers
sent there to recover valuables
from the Maine, and it was
feared that they would fall into
the hands of Captain-General
Blanco's forces in case of war.
Abandonment of the Maine is a
strong indication of the purpose of the
administration not to arbitrate the
question of the cause of her destruction.
No direct request has come from the
captain looking to this adjustment of
the controversy between the two Gov
ernments, and. In fact, the only answer
which Spain has made to the finding of
the Court of Inquiry has been an eva
sive one, showing she did not consider
there was any action necessary on her
part, as she was not directly charged
v.ith the crime. Since this representa
tion was made, President McKinley has
had no correspondence with Spain, and
unless the Madrid Government comes
forward with a proposition to make
reparation for the loss of the vessel,
IN DANGER OF
MOB VIOLENCE
Americans in Havana Ex
pect There Will Be
Trouble To-Day.
Consul-General Lee Is Fully
Pi-epared to Meet Any
Emergency.
Better Class of Spaniards Urge United
States Citizens to Leavo
the Island.
Copyrighted, 1893, by James Gordon Bennett
HAVANA (via the Herald-Call dis
! patch boat to l*py West). April 3.—
; When I left Havana this afternoon the
crowds in the streets were unusually
large and the city was talking war.
Americans attract increased attention
wherever they are seen, yet there has
i been no act of violence, nor, as far as I
i could learn, has any one been insulted
on the streets. But groups before
churches and cafes alike turned to look
after one as he passed.
Americans in Havana expect trouble
I to-morrow. So do all other residents.
The best class of Spaniards deplore the
outlook and have warned their foreign
friends to depart as soon as possible,
or avoid being seen on the streets if
forced to remain.
I am not saying too much when I say
| there is a general belief that Monday
! will bring mob violence. I believe Gen
eral Lee thinks bloodshed will not come
Iso soon, and I think he is right. That
• does not mean that he has not prepared
jas fully as possible for the worst. Gen
! eral Lee's belief is that if an outbreak
occurs, or if he is notified to leave,
Americans who wish to go along will
be escorted to the harbor by guards sent
by Captain-General Blanco, and go Im
mediately to the Fern, which lies near
SPANIARDS INDULGE
IN FALSE HOPES.
Madrid. Newspapers Say tHe SoTjitii
ern States "Will IR.e"fc>el -A.gain>
and Tliat Tliere :M!a,y Be an
Invasion From ILZCexioo.
MADRID, April — The majority of the newspapers here to-day re
gard war as inevitable; They think General Stewart L Woodford has com
municated a final answer to the Government.
The Liberal says : It is clear that no concession will satisfy the
United States except the independence of Cuba, and we had better im
mediately end the uncertainty. . /
The whole article of the v Liberal on the subject is bellicose in i tone.
The Pais asserts that "great uneasiness prevails at Washington concerning
the attitude of the Southern States in case of war with Spain, and also
because the Spaniards are organizing in Mexico to invade the States from
the Mexican republic" In conclusion the Pais asserts that it will not be
all beer and skittles for the United States. - }
Much excitement was caused to-day by the receipt of a dispatch
saying the passports of the Spanish Minister at Washington will be handed
to him on Tuesday.
the President has determined not to
bring the matter again to the attention
of the Sagasta Ministry. The belief has
existed among administration officials,
however, that Spain, to avaid war on
this incident, may suggest arbitration.
The fact that the Maine is to be aban
doned* is thought to indicate that such
a suggestion will u:t be acceptable to
this Government.
In its report to Secretary Long the
Chadwick board of survey went at some
length into a description of the wreck
and the condition of the ordnance ma
terial and other stores which had been
recovered by the wreckers. The report
conforms with the statements made by
Captain Sigsbee, who informed the de
partment upon his return that the
wreckers had succeeded in raising five
of the six-inch gu -- and smaller guns
which form the secondary battery of
the ship. The wreckers have been un
able to raise the ten-inch guns in the
port and starboard turrets, but to pre
vent the after guns from being of any
use to the Spaniards In case of war
Captain Sigsbee removed the breech
plugs from the weapons, and they can
not therefore be mounted on the forti
fications of Havana, The ten-inch guns
in the starboard turret are under water
and cannot be recovered.
Captain Sigsbee requested thi* the
department permit him to uri small
quantities of dynamite to break the
rivets of the clamping on top of the
turret and sideplates, but when the
matter was brought to the attention of
THE HERALD WARNS
NEWSPAPER PIRATES.
NEW YORK, April 3.— The Herald will editorially say to-morrow:
The Herald calls the attention of its contemporaries who have been
purloining its pictures to the fact that these pictures are copyrighted.
The Herald has no objection to other papers reproducing them provid
ing full credit is given the Herald, but if papers continue to appro
priate them without recognizing the Herald's rights we shall take steps
to enforce the law. We also repeat the notice heretofore given that all
the Herald's special news dispatches are duly copyrighted, and that
while we do not object to their reproduction in papers of the following
day, provided due credit is given the Herald, we protest against their
piratical publication in any paper the same morning they appear in
the Herald, and notify all whom it may concern that the Herald will
invoke the law for the enforcement of its legal rights and the protec
tion of its contenporaries in other parts of the country that pay for
the simultaneous use of its special dtepatches.
the Maine. If General Blanco acts in
time it should not be a difficult matter
to clear the streets between Central
Park and Machina, which will be the
point of departure.
Warnings about the fate of Ameri
cans continue to be issued by the riff
raff with annoying details as to mutila
tions planned in certain cases. Censor
Mendez has taken upon himself to ad
vise correspondents to go. As he is a
fine, level-headed soldier, some import
ance may be attached to his warning.
At the palace war is looked for, and
General Blanco and Dr. Congosto, like
General Lee, look toward Porto Rico
unrl the torpedo fleet as likely to be the
occasion for some ;.ct of war.
Havana was never so generally
stirred over the prospect of war since
the Cubans raised their lone star flag
three years ago.
MADRID BELIEVES WAR
CANNOT BE AVERTED.
Minister Bernabe Cables That Mc-
Kinley Will Be Overruled
by Congress.
MADRID, April 3.— The Spanish
Cabinet has decided that the Spanish
flotilla Is to remain at the Cape de
Verde Islands until further orders.
The flotilla will be joined later by a
squadron composed of the armored
cruiser Emperor Charles "V, of 9235
tons; the cruiser Alfonso XIII, of 5000
tons; the armored cruiser Infanta
Maria Teresa, of 7000 tons, and the ar
the Spanish authorities, objection was
made and it was decided that it would
be impolitic to allow the employment
of explosives. The United States will
thus leave in the harbor of Havana two
formidable ten-inch guns, which, with
their mounts, are worth more than
$100,000. These guns will constitute the
only thing of value left on board the
Maine.
It is the expectation of the authorities
that Spain will direct the removal of
the wreck. I was told at the Spanish
Legation a few days ago that when the
United States formally abandons the
wreck it was the purpose of the Spanish
authorities to raise it for the purpose of
proving to the entire world that the
United States Naval Court of Inquiry
falsely reported when it found the ex
plosion was from the outside. Spain
will do this, he said, at her own ex
pense, and vindicate herself and her
Naval Court of Inquiry-, which found
that the explosion was from the inside.
Under instructions sent by Secretary-
Long to Lieutenant-Commander Rich
ard Wainwright, that officer will at
once take measures for getting the
wrecking outfit and employes of the
wrecking companies out of the harbor.
After they have gone he will return to
the United States on board the light
house tender Mangrove. The Fern will
be the only American vessel left in Ha
vana harbor, and she will be retained
there in order to convey Consul-Gen
eral Lee and other Americans from Ha
vana in case of a declaration of war.
mored cruiser Cristobal Colon, of 6540
tons, which will accompany the tor
pedo flotilla to Cuba.
It has also been decided by the Gov
ernment to send the armored cruisers
Vizcaya and Almirante Oquendo, both
of 7000 tons, back to Havana. They will
receive orders to this effect as soon as
they sight Porto Rico.
A national subscription to strengthen
the Spanish fleet will be organized by
a royal decree, but the decree will not
be published before a declaration of
war has been made.
The Cabinet, which met at 8 o'clock
last night, discussed the situation until
midnight. At the close of the confer
ence it was declared that no official
news had been received at that time
from "Washington, but it was admitted
that the Ministers were filled with
gloomy expressions. Each Minister de
clared that he had received private in
formation confirming the extreme
gravity of the situation.
The Minister for War, Lieutenant-
General Correa, submitted for the ap
proval of the Cabinet elaborate plans
for the organization of the military
forces of the kingdom. The Minister
for the Home Department, Don Ruiz
do Capdepon," in an interview declared
that everything pointed to war. The
Cabinet has examined propositions for
the arming of merchant vessels as
privateers, but it has been decided to
await events before coming to any de
cision on this subject.
Finally a telegram from the Spanish
Minister at vv ashington, Senor Polo
y Bernabe, was read at the Cabinet
meeting. In which Renor Bernabe said
that President McKinley would be
overruled by Congress.
WHAT MAY BE DONE
THIS WEEK IN SENATE
After a Report Is Made by the
Foreign Relations Committee
There Will Be More Delay.
— — r-in — ■ — rrrr~> Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, April 3.
The expectation in the Senate is that the report of the Committee
on Foreign Relations on the Cuban situation will |c made to the Sen
ate not later tha.i Wednesday, and if the report should be made at that
time the probabilities are that it will engage the greater share of the
Senate's time for the remainder of the week. The committee Will
make an effort to secure action upon the resolutions which it will re
port without having them in the debate, but with very little probabil
ity of success. Undoubtedly, a large majority of the members of the
Senate are favorable to some declaration apropos to the Cuban situa
tion, but there is certain to be a difference of opinion on the course to
be pursued and the language to be used, which will be sufficient to pre
vent immediate action except in one contingency. This contingency is
the possibility of an agreement to details between the President and the
committee. If the committee's report should prove to be in accord with
the President's recommendation in all essential particulars, the Senate
likely would adopt the resolutions brought in without debating them.
There is, however, a considerable element in the Senate which is
opposed to war except as a last extremity, and there are several who
think there ought to be delay of at least a week or ten days before ac
tion is taken in Congress in order to insure the safe landing of ships
and war supplies now on their way to this country from Europe. The
Committee on Foreign Relations is not impressed with this line of rea
soning, and the statement is made that Spain is no better prepared for
hostilities than we. The members of the committee do not expect the
President's message before Tuesday, and they are prepared to wait un
til Wednesday. Under great pressure there might be a delay beyond
that time, but a request for delay would cause great restiveness on the
part of the majority of the committee. While desirous of giving the
President all the time he may actually require for the preparation of
his message, they are very impatient of the outside influence which Is
being exerted to hold them in check. This pressure, in the shape of
letters and telegrams throughout the country, is from people who are
opposed to a war policy, and with these the members of the committee
are being flooded.
"The writers," a member of the committee said to-day, "generally
asked to maintain an honorable peace. Of course we all want an honor
able peace, but the time has gone by when it can be secured under exist
ing conditions in Cuba. We cannot allow our conduct to be controlled
by such persons."
■Whfcn the President's message is received it will, on Senator DavlH
motion, be referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, which will
bring in its report later in the day, or it may not do so until the follow
ing day. So far as it is informed as to the probable line of the Presi
dent's communication, the committee is now prepared to report, but the
members realize that there will be some details of the message that will
require careful consideration and in that event they will give more time
to it than an hour or two on the day of its presentation. Unless there
is a change in the committee's conclusions after the President is heard
from, the resolutions reported will recommend the recognition of inde
pendence, with a declaration for armed intervention to make independ
ence practicable. They will also include the Maine explosion as one of
the causes set forth for this action. The resolution will be accompanied
by the carefully drawn report, written by Senator Davis, Justifying
them.
WOODFORD YET HOPES
WAR MAY BE AVERTED.
Will Continue to Urge at Madrid the
Peace Measures Advanced by
McKinley.
MADRID, April 3, 6p. m.— ln answer
to a request from the Associated Press
General Woodford, the United States
Minister, made the following state
ment:
"The obligatio i of my diplomatic
position absolutely forbid my granting
an interview or giving the slightest in
timation as to the present condition
of the diplomatic negotiations entrust
ed to my care. I came to Spain under
instructions from President McKinley
to secure peace in Cuba, with a per
manent peace between the United
States and Spain— a peace that should
be built upon bedrock conditions; con
ditions of justice to Cuba, with assured
protection to the great American inter
ests in that island.
"I have labored steadily to obtain this
result. I have never lost my faith, and,
doubtful as conditions may seem to
day I still believe these great and good
purposes of my President may yet be
realized. I shall not rest from my la
bors for a just and honorable peace un
til the guns actually fire, and my faith
Is still strong that war. with all its hor
rors can be averted. Enough blood has
been shed in Cuba already, and I can
not believe the closing hours of the
nineteenth century can be reddened by
a conflict between Spain and the United
"My country asks for conditions that
will make peace, and will have faith
that Spain will do what is necessary to
assure justice in Cuba, and, with jus
tice peace is certain."
LEE PREPARING FOR
, HIS DEPARTURE.
Will Turn the American Consulate
Over to British Consul
Gullon.
NEW YORK. April 3.— The Washington
correspondpntofthe Herald says: Consul-
General Lee has been instructed to turn
the American Consulate over to British
Consul Gullon. and has already made nec
essary arrangements with Gullon to do so.
This IS a mere precaution in case General
Lee has to leave suddenly. He is simply
Ffttinß his house in order.
General Lee had a long conference with
Consul Gullon, who courteously agreed to
do everything in his power in case Gen
eral Lee receives orders to leave, or is
forced to seek refuge on the Fern with
other Americans by a sudden uprising of
the Havana populace.
ORDERED TO PROCURE
SITES FOR TENTED CITIES.
NEW YORK, April 3.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Briga-
dier-General Graham, commanding the
Department of the Gulf, to-day was di
rected by Secretary Alger to immedi
atelj procure suitable camping-grounds
for at least 10,000 troops in the vicinity
of Atlanta and 't smaller bodies of
soldiers at Columbia, S. C, and at one
or two other points at every center
south of these points.
Adjutant-General Corbin has made
every detailed arrangement for a speedy
mustering into the United States serv
ice of all National Guards.
In order to obtain trained men for
the new infantry regiments which will
be authorized by the army reorganiza
tion bill, which is expected to pass the
House to-morrow under a suspension of
rules, officials of the War Department
have been considering the matter of
enlisting National Guardsmen in pref
erence to other recruits. The militia,
when called, will come into the United
States service by organizations and will
retain their local identity.
Orders Prayers for Spain.
MADRID, April 3.— From all the pul
pits in Madrid to-day the priests read
a letter from the Bishop of the dio
cese announcing that he considered
war to be inevitable and ordering
prayers for the success of the Spanish
army.
■ m »
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gluts refund the money If It falls to cure. 25c.
The genuine has L. B. O- on each tablet.
FITTING OUT THREE
MORE TORPEDO-BOATS.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
CADIZ, April 3.— The torpedo-boat
destroyer Proserpina has arrived here.
The armored cruiser Princes* dp As
turias has left her dock and will go to
the arsenal to-morrow.
A large number of additional work
men have been engaged and the fitting
out of the torpedo boats Retamosa,
Barcelona and Orion is goinjj on rap
idly.
GET 1 Vim
Vim Is what you lack.
You feel dull and tired ]
when you wake. You <
I are drowsy. You have
I night sweats. Spots be- \
fore the eyes and nerv- ]
ous depression.. The one j
fact that stares you in j
the face is that you have ]
no vim and no manhood. \
Get back your fine sense
of full power; of full
vigor ; of perfect man-
liness. A man who
abuses his constitution
In any way suffers for j
It. But "Hudyan" comes
to their relief so rapidly
that it surprises. Drains
stop in a week. It is the
drain on your system
that has lost to you all
the vim you had. "Hud-
yan" will replace It.
Write and ask for circu- \
lars and the most con- \
vlnclng testimonials. All i
free. Medical advice I
free too, even if you have \
blood taint. Thin eye- j
brows, lumps In the j
throat, copper- colored
spots Indicate some form I
of blood poison. Ask for jj
free "30-day blood cure"
Circulars. As free as I
"Hudyan" circulars. But j
be sure to write or call
at once. It is the delay \
that kills. You can be
a man— a whole man, \
and a man with pure ]
blood if you will. Act! 1
VIM— NOW
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
BAN FRANCIBOO.
Railway' a Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises.
Bore Muscles,, Cramps, Burns, Sunburns iiack-
•che, fcUadache, Toothache, Rheumatism Neu-
ralgia, Lumbago. Internally for all 'Bowel
Pains, Colic, Diarrhoea. Dysentery, Ctaoler*
Mortals s.nd Sickness, Nausea, etc All *ru«"HUNDREDS
OF LIVES
ARE LOST
Fearful Disaster Due to
a Breaking Levee
in Illinois.
Shaneetown Flooded to a Depth
of From Ten to Twenty Feet
and Houses and Tenants
Are Carried Away.
EVANSVIL.IJC, Ind., April 3.— A mes
sage was received here to-night saying
the town of Shawneetown, 111., was in
undated at 4:40 o'clock this afternoon
by th^ hr'-akinf- of the north levee, and
scores «>f people have been drowned,
and others are asking for aid. The wa
ters swept through the place with the
Bpeed of .i race horse, giving the people
little chance to reach places of safety.
Many people hastily mounted to up
per stories of houses, while others en
dpavored to reach high ground out of
the reach of the swirling flood, but the
pwlft waters speedily engulfed many
and swept them away. Small buildings
were carried from their foundations,
with their inmates clinging to roofs.
Thf full oxtent of the disaster has not
been learned, as all communication by
telephone and telegraph has been cut
off.
Shawneetown is seventy-five miles
below Evansville on the Ohio River,
and is situated in a valley of extreme
ly low land, with hills skirting it in
the rear and with a twenty-five foot
levee in front, running from hill to
hill. The town is very much in the po
sition of a fortified city, and when the
levee gave way a mile above the town,
under pressure of a very high river, the
water shot through a twenty-foot
opening and struck th* 1 place like a
hurricane, sweeping everything before
it.
Houses %ver<* overturned and tossed
about like boxes. The people had no
warning of the break, and for that rea
son so many were caught. Those at
home sought refuge in second stories
and or. housetops. Those in the streets
were carried before the avalanche of
r and probably a majority were
noil.
A citizen came from the place by
?kiff to telephone several miles away,
ii d asked aid from Evansville. He
said more than 200 people were drowned
and he had reason to believe the num
ber would reach 500 or probably 1000.
The water stands twenty feet deep all
iver town and total darkness envelopes
:he desolate scene. Consequently it was
impossible for him to have anything
ike definite information. The man
quickly left the phone, and no commu
nication has since been had with the
place.
All the telephone and telegraph wires
ire down and outside communication
appears to be impossible. At 10 o'clock
to-night two steamboats and a couple
if tugs started f<>r Phawneetown under
a full head of steam, and it is expected
pome of them will arrive there by 2
o'clock In the morning. They carried
large supplies of food and blankets,
quickly collected by the city officials.
CA&MI, 111., April 3.— A telephone
message received from Cypress Junc
tion, six miles from Shawneetown,
; that north levee of Shawneetown
Droke at 4:20 this afternoon, inundating
the whole town. No telephone or tele
grapb communication can be had with
Shawneetown, wh ich confirms the re
port
CHICAOQ, April 4.— At 12:30 this
morning the operator in the Long Dis
tnnop Telephone Company's office at
Mount Vernon, Ind., informed The Call
correspondent that the estimate on the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
nnil?T Let WHISKY get the BEST
ill 111 I cf you. GET the BEST of
UUII I WHlSKY, which is the
*fSi£?' GENUINE
WOk \ DISTILLERY
•.j. ' p|l^ 1 BOTTLINO OP
65r< u,i, IE3Z) HT Tl
'$fr old
H| s rT% UJLjJJ
>U PEPPER
jU&'tZrtMV' fH Bc " >d and Distilled
-===&'] JAS lit riilTLll
Lexington, Ky.
\ESSS3tr JH" ' Under the same FOR-
''6vSBP3i«- j ' YEARS; more than 100
.J?."* r?i*^*/ryS *•"*". YEARS; is guaranteed
„ I : -~ tSp^W V -'- : 1 ABSOLUTELY the
f ' ; v> isffijMtwk " PUREST and BEST in
|i|p^^r-/^ samplecasesis
Mrff^iNflTom^ ] oAmrLtuAot JID
.^fc ' Sent on trisi; which, if
<^as3gr|..r'.ii ;-t ! *WtfF* rot satisfactory, can be
"■liMlaflDaW^r . returned and money will
. be refunded. '
CARROLL & CARROLL,
30<5 Market Street,
Sole Agents for the Pacific Coast.
; WILL CASH PEPPER COUPONS.
loss of life at Shawneetown was at that
hour 200. Mount Vernon is but thirty
miles from Shawneetown, and the in
formation upon which the estimate is
based is believed, to be reliable. The
operator stated that the company's
wires to the stricken city failed soon
after 4 o'clock this afternoon. At that
hour it was known that the dam was
giving away, but it was not thought
that it would go to pieces quickly
enough to cause the loss of life.
By 8 o'clock It was known in Mount
Vernon that many people had been
drowned, the estimate then being one
hundred. A relief boat bearing- food,
blankets and surgeons was started
down the river and was expected to
reach Shawneetown before morning.
Gradually the reports of loss of life in
creased, the estimates and stories eom
itilt from various points near the scene
of the flood, showing clearly that the
disaster was far more disastrous than
was at first believed.
People at Mount Vernon and sur
rounding towns besieged the telegraph
offices, frantically asking for tidings
from friends and relatives in the flood
ed town. No attempt at an accurate
list of the victims is possible, however,
and the crowds stood all night before
the bulletin boards on which were post
ed the meager reports being received.
MOUNT VERNON, Ind.. April 3.—
The manager of the telephone ex
change at Shawneetown, 111., at 8
o'clock to-night gave Mount Vernon its
first definite news of the big inunda
tion at the little city down the Ohio
River. This is what he said:
"Shawneetown was inundated by a
break in the levee a mile and a half
above the city at 4:30 o'clock this after
noon. Three hundred persons are be
lieved to have been drowned. All frame
buildings were swept away, and brick
and stone houses and blocks are under
water.
"The survivors are in great need of
help, and have sent me to ask neigh
boring towns for immediate assistance.
"I am four miles from Shawneetown
now. I escaped and made my way here
with a portable telephone. I climbed
up the telephone post and made con
nection and that's how you are getting
the news.
"The flood came with a terrific dash
and roar. Of course the people had
been watching for any break in the
levee, but they thought they were safe.
The water came in an enormous wave,
with foam on top. At first a muffled
roar was heard. It grew louder and
louder, and before all the people in
Shawneetown who had divined what
was coming could rush to the hills for
safety it overtook the town.
"It is estimated that 300 were
drowned outright.
"All frame buildings left their foun
dations and were carried away on the
flood like straws, but brick and stone
houses remained on their foundations,
although they were more or less
wrecked They were under water
when I left. Most of the people fled
to the hills back of the city, and saved
their lives, but their possessions are
gone. They are in despair and frantic
with terror and grief. Send all the
help you can."
Mount Vernon people were advised at
once of the news from Shawneetown
and began immediate preparations for
relief. Evansville and other near-by
cities had been given the same tele
phone message by turns, and were
ready to co-operate In a scheme for
effective aid.
Mount Vernon agreed to furnish three
ferryboats capable of carrying ten
wagonloads each, and besides, all river
skiffs were pressed into service.
These craft were loaded partly here
and partly in Evansville, and in tow
of two steamers furnished at Evans
ville, proceeded to the city of death as
quickly as possible.
People in Mount Vernon expect to
hear from the rescuers at daybreak,
and nearly every one in this city is sit
ting up awaiting more complete news.
The city is profoundly shocked by the
disaster.
When the flood overtook Shawnee
town, if the weather was like it was
here, twenty-five miles away, the peo
ple were enjoying the peace of a per
fect spring day. The air was warm, a
light breeze was blowing, and people
were walking about the streets enjoy
ing the Sunday quiet.
It was in the midst of peaceful scenes
that the monster wave came tearing
down upon its unsuspecting victims,
hurling them to death.
In the twinkling of an eye quiet
streets were turned into beds for a roar
ing torrent, and the strollers of Sunday
afternoon, pausing to listen to the omi
nous roar, were carried into eternity ere
they could reach places of safety.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 3.—Shawnee
town, 111., has a -lulation of about
3000 inhabitants and is situated on the
west bank of the Ohio River. The
Btreets are parallel with the river, the
principal business street being but' two
blocks distant from the water. The
level of the river is about fifteen feet
above the city and the levee bank is
about twenty feet thick. Situated on
this bank and level with the river is the
Riverside Hotel, a large four-story
building, built by Henry Docher. The
hotel is generally occupied fully all the
year round, being not only a transient
hostelry, but families also reside there.
It is feared the hotel has been washed
away. ____^________
Justice Brewer Bereaved.
WASHINGTON. April 3.— The wife of
Justice Brewer of the Supreme Court died
to-night.
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1898.
HURRICANE AND
FLOODS RAVAGE
FERTILE ISLANDS
New Caledonia and Hawaii Devastated
by Gales and the Rising
of Waters.
Vessels Sunk and Plantations Swept Away, While
in Honolulu Hundreds of People Are
Rendered Homeless.
VICTORIA, April 3.— The steamship
Miowera brings details of a terrific
hurricane which visited New Caledonia
toward the end of February, doing
considerable damage. The height of the
hurricane was encountered between 2
and 3 a, m. on the 23d. Gales raged
from the southwest and northwest,
and, uniting in Noumea, carried every
thing before them. The hospital and
other public buildings suffered exten
sive damages. Score of houses were
unroofed and otherwise damaged.
Whole plantations were swept away
by floods, and considerable Injury re
sulted to the shipping Tn port.
The French gunboat Loyaute sank at
her moorings. The crew managed to
swim ashore, a distance of about 500
yards. The sea was heavy, but every
seaman reached land.
The steamship Neoblle, with two
pilot-boats, went ashore on the island
of Noe. The bark Professor and the
ship Falls of Garry foundered. No loss
of life occurred, however. The pas
senger steamship Fiado was missing.
It is feared she has been lost, and two
ALL EUROPE
SEEKS PEACE
Powers Bring Pressure
to Bear Upon the
Spaniards.
If There Be Mediation, It Must
Begin With the Madrid
Government.
United States Firm in the Declaration
That It Will Brook No
Interference.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 3.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: To
all suggestions for mediation the au
thorities in Washington are replying
that Madrid is the place for work of
this kind at the present time. France
and England are making one mighty
effort to induce Spain to concede the
independence of Cuba, If war between
the United States and Spain can be
averted at all through the medium of
diplomacy, the first steps in that di
rection will have to be taken from
Madrid.
Representatives of foreign powers in
this country who have sounded the ad-
ministration on the subject have dis
covered that mediation is out of the
question as far as the United States is
concerned, hence the great activity
among the powers at Madrid. It is
known that England and France are
putting the screws on Spain in Madrid
to-day, but the result, if any, has not
yet come to the knowledge of diplomats
in Washington.
One important deduction that the
American authorities have made from
the negotiations among European pow
ers which have transpired thus far is
that in case the worst happens and we
are forced to intervene to bring about
the independence of Cuba, there will be
no danger of foreign Intervention to
prevent it. Whether continued nego
tiations at Madrid will result in Spain
yielding to the demands of the United
States remains to be seen.
It is violating no confidence to say
that the President and some of his ad
visers are even more hopeful that the
Sagasta Ministry will make further
representations to the United States in
the direction of ending the war in Cuba
and giving the insurgents their- inde
pendence as the result of the tremen
dous pressure which they know is being
brought to bear by the Governments
and financial interests of Europe.
This hope, however, is not shared to
any extent by diplomatic and other
public men here. On the contraryt
most of the foreign Ministers have ad
vised their Governments that they re
gard war as inevitable.
WHALER SECURED FOR
A POLAR EXPEDITION.
{steamship Fridjthof Will Carry the
Wallman Party to the North
ern Seas.
WASHINGTON, April 3.— A dispatch
from Christiania, Norway, reports that
the steam whaler Fridjthof has been se-
cured for the Wallman polar expedition
to Franz Josef Land, instead of the Lau
ra, previously engaged. The Fridjthof is
said by the Norwegian agents to be the
fastest and strongest ice steamer ii» Nor
wegian waters. She is now being out
fitted and will be ready to sail from
Tromsoe for the Arctic June 1 next.
Sails for Honolulu.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 3.— Advices
from Honolulu by the Miowera state
that the United States steamship Balti
more left there n March 25 for Hong
kong. Before she left the admiral's
flag was transferred to the Bennington.
vessels have been sent to look for her.
The Fiado had a crew of fifteen whites,
nineteen Kanakas and three pas
sengers.
The damage done by the floods can
not be estimated. In many portions of
New Caledonia large coffee planta
tions have been swept away, and
havoc has been played with agricul
tural pursuits generally. The town of
Noumea itself was for a time about
three inches under water, and the
floods were very extensive and ruinous
in other portions of the islands. Resi
dents suffered heavy losses, but as far
as was known no lives were sacrificed.
The Hawaiian capital was flooded on
March 24 and considerable damage was
done, hundreds losing their homes and
their all. The flood was the greatest
Honolulu has ever known, and was the
most appalling exhibition of devasta
tion by the elements since the great
fire. The deluge was caused by a heavy
rainfall. At first it was supposed that
there had been a cloudburst. Nuuanu
stream for three hours was a swollen
river. It kept within its stone walls,
but before these had been reached by
SPAIN'S QUEEN
REGENT FIRM
Not Disposed to Yield a
Single Point to
America.
Desires Peace, but Not at
the Expense of Hep
Country.
H«s Thoroughly Identified Herself
With the War Party at
Madrid.
Special Dispatch to The Cfc.ll.
MADRID, via Bayonne, France, April
1. — Despite the efforts of the press to
work up patriotic enthusiasm, the
public seem indifferent to the situa
tion. Except among officials it is rare
ly discussed. The people are chiefly in
terested in the result of a big lottery
just announced and in the preparations
for an extraordinary bull-fight on
Easter Sunday, at which celebration
toreadors from all parts of Spain will
perform. The people do not wish war;
rather they are indifferent, as they
always have one in progress somewhere
and do not regard war with the United
States as different from the others.
The feeling that exists here exists
also throughout the provinces. Poult
ney Bigelow writes from Barcelona
that with two other Americans he has
just completed a bicycle tour from San
Sebastian through Madrid to Alicante
in Valencia, clear across tho wildest
part of the peninsula, and he says:
"I found less Jingoism In the whole
trip than in one block of the New York
Bowery."
The Queen Regent Is taking a very
active part in the negotiations, and has
thoroughly identified herself with the
war section of the Cabinet. Her at
titude is much approved by the officials
in the army and has undoubtedly
strengthened the dynasty for the time
being. Her Majesty is reported to have
told Senor Segasta:
"I received from my husband a heri
tage for our son and will never agree
to have that heritage curtailed."
Senor Sagasta said to a friend after
Thursday's council at the palace:
"We went in— seven men— to see one
woman, and emeregd seven women,
leaving the men inside," meaning that
they went in disposed to yield, but that
the Queen's patriotism and firmness in
spired them.
At the same time it Is reported that
the Queen Regent is doing much to
avoid a rupture. The activity of Count
Dubosky, the Austrian Embassador,
In this direction within the last two
days is said to be inspired from the
palace. He has visited United States
Minister Woodford and a prominent
member of the Cabinet.
Apparently there is a pessimistic
feeling at the United States legation
to-day. __^_________^»»
PISTOL DUEL THAT MAY
RESULT IN TWO DEATHS.
With Bullets Prominent Men of an
Arkansas Town Settle a
Quarrel.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark., April 3.-A des
perate revolver duel occurred at Haynes,
Ark., Saturday night between Dr. W. W.
Scott, a prominent physician of that town,
and John Hughes, a leading merchant.
Scott entered Hughes' store and opened
fire uyon him. The latter drew his
weapon and both combatants emptied
their revolvers at each other at close
range. When the shooting finished both
men were lying on the floor, Scott bleed
ing from four wounds, while Hughes had
been struck by five bullets. Both men are
still alive, but their recovery is doubtful.
The cause of the trouble is not definitely
known, but it is said to have grown out
of family affairs.
the flood the water left the course and
spread over a couple of hundred acres.
But one life was lost, that of a Japan
ese who was drowned.
The hero of the flood was William
Wells of the bark R. P. Rithet. Several
thousand people saw the gallant at
tempt that young Wells at his own
peril made to save the life of the
Japanese laborer. The Japanese fell
into the wild stream below the Kukui
street bridge. Wells was in a boat from
his bark with a crew in command of a
mate when he saw the little brown man
vainly fighting the muddy current.
Fully attired, Wells jumped Into the
stream and grasped the Japanese, but
while the two were swept under the
bridge they became separated.
There were many narrow escapes and
many thrilling rescues. The relief work
was well organized and very effective.
Able volunteers turned out by the
hundreds. A fund has been started for
the relief of sufferers. It is the opinion
of men who have the subject at
tention that unless extraordinary pre
cautions are taken there will be much
sickness after the rain ceases.
DAY OF QUIET
AT MADRID
Republican Mass-Meeting
Proves Almost a
Fizzle.
Delegation Visits the Premier's
Quarters to Present
Grievances.
Told That the Cortes Will Con
sider the Reforms the People
Demand.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, April 3.— There was little
excitement In Madrid this afternoon,
owing to the fact that there was no
bull-flght to-day. Extra precautions
were taken to prevent disorder at the
republican mass-meeting this after
noon. The number of guards at the
United States legation was Increased.
The object of the demonstration was
to demand a revision of the sentences
imposed upon political and other of
fenders, to protest against the tortur
ing of anarchists in the prison fortress
of Montjuich, Barcelona; to demand
free import of wheat and to demand
universal conscription without the re
demption of rich conscripts.
The demonstration, contrary to ex
pectation, turned out to be a very
quiet and informal affair. In fact it
may be termed a "fizzle." There were
no banners displayed, and only about
3000 people marched to the presidency
and remained in the street while the
deputation was conducted to the of
fice of Senor Sagasta, where its mem
bers were politely received by some of
the members of the Cabinet in the ab
sence of the Premier.
Senors Viendo and Dorendo, former
municipal councilors of Madrid, spoke
for five minutes, referring to the ob
jects of the demonstration, namely a
revision of sentence, the free Import of
wheat and universal conscription
without the redemption of rich con
scripts. No mention was made of the
alleged torturing of anarchist prisoners
in the prisons of the fortress of Mont
juich, Barcelona, although it was at
first understood that this was to be the
main representation to be made to the
Premier. The demands of the people
who took part in the demonstration
were embodied in a manifesto, which
was handed to the Minister of the In
terior, Senor Capdepon-. who replied,
saying he regretted that the indisposi
tion of Senor Sagasta made it neces
sary for him to receive the deputation
in the Premier's place. The Spanish
people, Senor Capdepon added, were
worthy of the liberty they enjoyed, and
the Government would always keep
abreast of public opinion. But the
manifesto was too serious to be im
mediately replied to. It would com
mand serious attention and would be
referred to the Cortes.
The Minister then thanked the depu
tation for the orderly behavior of
those who took part in the movement.
Senor Dorendo answered that the
deputation placed confidence in the
pood-will of the Government. The
deputation withdrew. Then the crowd
outside the presidency was Inclined to
linger and discuss the matter which
brought the people there. But the
Civil Governor mingled with the peo
ple, urging them to disperse. He said:
"Go home, my children. Everything
will be attended to."
The crowds then good-naturedly
scattered. ________________ __
Prison Bead Identified.
SACRAMENTO. April 3.— The man who
died in the City Prison on Saturday night
has been identified as Thomas Oden, com
monly known as "Walking Tom. He
had been stopping at the race track for
some time. Death is supposed to have
resulted from a fall, as the base of his
skull was fractured.
HAVANA IS
READY FOR
THE CLASH
Belief at Cuba's Capital
That Strife Cannot
Be Averted.
Acting Under General Lee's Ad
vice, Nearly All Americans
Have Fled From the
Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, via Key West, April 3.—
War is expected by all here now — ex
pected by some hopefully, by many
fearfully. It is in the air. There is a
new and sprightly note in the music
to which the soldiers of Spain march
this morning. Their step has a new
spring" in it. Rockets and saluting
guns, to which no one gave a second
thought two days ago, have caused in
quiring words and glances for the last
forty-three hours.
The palace expects war. The censor
told me last night it was inevitable
now, the United States having forced
Spain to the wall, and Spain, with her
back to it, would give the enemy his
fill of fighting. The censor's idea of it
is that of the Spanish, military and
civil.
The wires flashed to Madrid last
evening the ne\vs that three American
vessels had been seen off Havana har
bor, and though Americans knew the
story was due to a smoke seen afar,
many ki the city accepted it as an evi
dence of the approach of a squadron
from Key West, which was lying with
in striking distance of Havana wait
ing orders to blockade the port.
This news lent new interest to the
movements of the Vizcaya and Oquen
do, which sailed last evening at 5
o'clock, it is believed for Porto Rico
to join the torpedo squadron. In
quiries at the palace regarding the
object in sending the twin cruisers to
sea at this time met with uplifted
brows and a polite refusal to reply.
Thousands who thronged the piers
when the cruisers left port and who
answered the cheers of the soldiers
topping the battlements of Morro and
Cabanas thought the ships were going
to meet the United States fleet in the
open, and the idea fired their patriotic
hearts and opened their throats till the
swelling cry had a note in it one has
not heard in Havana during many
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i-B+B+B+B+fl+B+B+B+B+fl4-B+B+fl-I-B+B+B*!I+B+B+B+B-1
SPECIAL
Who are going*
to claim the
rest of them?
Our present attractive $8,85
special sale of jaunty new Spring
Suits and Overcoats will last but
10 days more. In offering this
line we have excelled in two
( things-style and price. We'd
like you to see just how we've
succeeded,
BfA^B^4^V^3fl9HßHßßßßßßflß^B^BflHHEH^Bi^^£^M^^9^^^^^?v^^^l
BL V Mft I Jli'^BHßß^Bßß^^^^^^^^^^^'^BWßKmbh^mlK fl iH A h^^S
Hb> f jS| A aa v I?, ■
*— iim iJH LaißtfoeCD fcM ~C 1
4jjojocj 4 We have several hundred of
iPO«Ot> these all-wool Suits and Over-
Bn|* coats, single and double breas-
...■•®V- : - : ted. Very nobby effects in
B:q£^ Cheviots, Worsteds, Scotch
•8O Tweeds and Gassimeres.
8q» These are all unusually
•OO good fitting and carefully
8q« made garments. On sale for
•OO TWO WEEKS ONLY.
■■'■■.'. .-.1"..' ,'■';.■■' :'.'■:■;■•. ■■_'.•'-_■. •_■:'.;•■:-■..■ ■"- " ~ V • * ''"' '" "'"■' V:: ' i " .' '• "■ ' ■""■ "' ' ■'' - ' ' ; : '" :
Your money back if your purchase doesn't suit,
and everything kept in repair ■ one year free.
Rio MARKET ST., S. p.
Island.
weary months of waiting.
The guard around the American Con*
sulate was again doubled last evening,
and General Lee is assured by Captain-
General Blanco that every possible ef
fort will be made to protect him and
other Americans. Few Americans are
here, indeed only a handful besides the
correspondents and those in business.
The last of curious and sight-seeing
visitors left on the Mascotte to-day,
and would have gone yesterday had
chance offered.
Consul-General Lee now knows the
full details of the situation, but seems
not to expect hostilities on Monday or
Tuesday, as many do, thinking it more
probable that no encounter will occur
before April 15. British Mr. Gullon haa
told his friends that he does not think
actual hostilities will occur at all.
General i-^ee goes to and from his of
fice as usual. He feels the full grav
ity of the situation, but is calm and
cheerful as of old, believing that if ne
gotiations are suspended suddenly be
tween Washington and Madrid he and
other Americans remaining will go
away in safety under the protection, of
the Spanish authorities.
The Fern, with the Stars and Stripes
above her, lies in the harbor — a ship of
refuge in case of extremity. I am told
that Captain Cowles received three dis
patches last night, but it is not thought
the orders were in reference to the im
mediate departure of the ship with
General Lee and all Americans, but
rather as to procedure in case the
ship's departure becomes suddenly ne
cessary. To inquiring Americans Gen
eral Lee has said that Havana is no
place for pleasure seekers and men
whose duty does not keep them here,
and his advice and regard for their im
mediate bodily welfare swelled the
Mascotte's passenger list to-day.
General Lee had an informal con
ference with British Consul Gullon
and came to an understanding regard
ing the Englishman's course in case a
demonstration against Americans
reached open violence and threatened
a massacre.
34
MONDAY... APRIL 4, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Pr0 P rieto^_
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Wain I8G&
LDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weeK- By mail $6 per year: per month;
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE .__ •_• 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. O OFFICE Rijifcs House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LcrkJn street, open until 9:30 o'clocK
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clocK- '505 PoiK street, open
y until 9:30 o'clocK- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
.; '.• ' AMUSEMENTS.
■:" Baldwin— "A Gay Deceiver."
Columbia— "Shore Acres "
.. California— "A Jay In New Tort"
.;' Alcazar — "Jane
; ' Moroseo's-'-Hands Across the Sea."
Tlvoll--' The Bohemian Girl."
v . Orpheum— Vaudeville.
■ •' The Chutes-The Zoo, Vaudeville and Canlac'3 Leopards.
I"; Olympl.t, corner Mason anil Eddy Specialties.
f: . ' California Jockey Club, Oakland— Races to--ay. :.-a^;
: '-. — !
'.v~ AUCTION SALES.
". . By G. H. t?mbßen-Thls day, April 4, Real Estate, at 14 Mont- j
'■.'■ • joinery street, at 12 o'clock.
By Frank W. Buttertleld-Thls day, April 4. Furniture, at
. " V) Turk street, at 11 o'clock.
"••. By A. F. Rocker— Tuesday, April i, Horses, at 721 Howard
. street, at 11 o'clock. ____^_____^^__
(i FINE BUSINESS.
GENERAL trade conditions throughout the
United States are about as they were a week
ago. The bond and stock market in Wall
street continues more or less unsettled in sympathy
with the constantly changing aspects of the political
situation, and the public as a rule have left the mar
ket for speculators to play with. Interest rates there
have naturally increased under the pressure, but the
continued imports of gold, already mentioned, tend
to keep the money market free from stringency, hence
there is no anxiety. It is well known that there is still
$30,000,000 in New York and $12,500,000 in outside
banks, against which gold is likely to be imported,
so the balance of trade is still enormously in favor of
this country. As far as money is concerned this na
tion was never so well prepared for war as at present.
We have more actual coin in sight and in our vaults
than Spain can possibly raise in the European capi
tals, even if the European financiers were disposed
to accommodate her. winch, with the possible ex
ception of France, they are unwilling to do.
The merchandising of the country proceeds with
serenity. There is but little decrease in the distribut
ing trade, and that only in one or two sections. The
failures Tast week were 220. against 260 during the
same week last year. The bank clearings were 29.3
per cent better. The failure records bear witness to
the satisfactory conditions ruling in commercial lines
this year in a total for the quarter just closed of 3515
embarrassments, involving liabilities of $36,198,000,
: a decrease in number from a year ago of 13 per cent,
and from two years ago of 22 per cent, while as re
gards liabilities there is a falling off from last year of
30 per cent, and as compared with 1896 of over 42
per cent.
The price record continues favorable. The depre
'.:■■' ciations for the week were confined to oats, flour,
.:'■ -prints and hide?, while the advances included wheat,
v com, lard, coffee, cotton and sugar. Most of the
■-*■■".. leading staples showed no change during the week.
:. Hence it will be seen that the general commerce of
■ > the country is proceeding as if there were no such
•' •.'■.thing as war.
• : ; . There is nothing especially new in local trade,
f:. There seldom is at this season of the year. The con
; dition of the crops is now pretty definitely deter
mined, and it is generally admitted by all interests
; . that the yield of grain will be moderate at best and
';. that of hay light. High prices will probably rule for
this latter staple during 1898 and at least the early part
of 1809, unless all present signs prove illusive. The
state of the fruit crop is less defined, but nobody ex
• pects a crop of apricots this year, and a small yield
of peaches is equally probable; but a fair crop of
prunes and other small fruits will doubtless be har
vested and sold at good prices owing to the deficiency
-.in the two other fruits. Wheat and barley have been
;•'■.' irregular owing to the uncertainty of the weather, but
:!•; there was quite an advance in both during the week,
:. •■■ and oats and several kinds of feedstuffs went up in
v sympathy. The other staples have been less satis
;'v '.factory from the quotation standpoint. New wool is
.'•./.coming in, but it is neglected and no quotations for it
=:: : ; jjave thus far been established. Hides and leather
:•.-• .rute quiet and unchanged in price. Beef has advanced
/. a fraction, but pork has declined owing to free re
. . teipts. The East is at last waking up to the fact that
. : .qut fruit crop has been severely damaged by frost,
'and more tone to dried fruits in New York is re
/ 'ported in consequence. The dried fruit market bids
: : fair to be a pretty good one this year, which will be
■va blessing to the orchard interest. Already local and
' country holders of apricots are refusing to sell at
• . advanced bids from buyers, and peaches and prunes
V*re reported in better request at firmer prices.
Merchandise is meeting with an average demand and
■there are no violent fluctuations in anything to report.
Money continues easy and in ample supply for sol
.;: vent borrowers at the usual rates of interest. The
■•'ilocal bank clearings showed a marked gain in March
•..•over the same month in 1897, which indicates a bet
ter volume of trade this year. War talk has thus far
not affected local trade, except in those lines which
are directly dependent on the East, such as wool,
hides, etc., but actual hostilities would doubtless
produce a marked change, one way or the other, in
almost evcrj- branch of trade. Tin ..e who like to
observe commercial conditions will watch with inter
est the international situation from now on. It is to
be hoped that they will not be disappointed in the
outcome, nor is it likely that they will be.
When next the Vizcaya shall visit New York the
populace will not be rushing down to the water front
to get a look at it. and the saluting guns will be apt
to Be loaded with something solid.
"Under certain conditions," explains a London cor
respondent. "Spain would withdraw from Cuba."
There are reasons for believing that this country will
undertake to supply the conditions.
THE SOONER BEGUN THE SOONER
ENDED.
|~~X ISPATCHES of yesterday announcing that
j ) the President's message to Congress on the
crisis with Spain, which was expected to be
sent in to-day, may be postponed until to-morrow
and possibly until Wednesday were far froi.i satisfac
tory to the people. At this juncture delay increases
rather than quiets popular excitement. It serves no
good purpose. It cannot aid the cause of peace. It
simply gives more time for the Spanish torpedo
flotilla to make its way across the sea to a point of
hostile vantage against our coasts.
Ever since the report of the Naval Board of In
quiry removed all doubt that the Maine was de
stroyed by a Spanish mine the nation has expected
of the President not only firmness of decision, but
promptness of action. It received with indignation
every rumor or suggestion that the treacherous mur
der of American seamen would be treated by diplo
macy as a minor incident in our dealings with the
Spanish, and that the issue of Cuban relief would be
given precedence over it. The cry of the people was
for that justice which takes the form of vengeance,
and had the report of the naval board been followed
by an immediate declaration of war the armed
strength of the republic would have responded at
once and the civilized world would have approved.
As if the destruction of the Maine were not enough,
the Spanish Government immediately set about giv
ing our Government another cause for war. This
was done by the dispatch of the flotilla of torpedo
boats to Havana. Under the circumstances it was
clear to all that this action was a war measure.
Spain designed it as a means of striking a blow at
the United States. We have stood comparatively in
active and permitted that weapon to be drawn and
aimed at our heads. Had it not been for the accident
of a storm at sea the flotilla would even now be in
easy reach of Havana, if not actually within the port.
We have delayed long enough. Unless Spain at once
yields to our demands and makes every reparation
possible for the murder of our seamen there should be
war.
Moreover, it should be made clear to all the peo
ples of the earth that the war when it comes is made
by the American nation, not for the relief of Cuba,
however desirable that may be, but for vengeance on
the assassins that wrecked the Maine. The moral of
the battle should be made plain that the republic will
protect its flag and its seamen in every sea under the
whole heavens. That lesson should be made so im
pressive and so terrible that no such offense will ever
be committed again so long as America remains
powerful and nations fear her wrath.
It would be, in fact, an anti-climax to turn aside
from the high outrage of the fiends that exploded the
mine under the Maine to consider the cause of the
people of Cuba made destitute by war. We cannot as
a nation right the wrongs of suffering humanity.
There has been intolerable cruelty in Armenia, there
is spoliation in China, and doubtless there have been
many foul offenses committed against humanity in
the incessant revolutionary struggles going on in the
South and Central American states. We cannot right
all these evils. We cannot protect everybody. We
can. however, protect our own wherever they may be,
and to do that is our duty no matter what the cost.
Unless Spain makes a complete surrender war must
come, and it should be waged with such effectiveness
as to make it as short as terrible. It would be a
false economy to begin with half measures. The
fighting should be forced from the start. Spain
should have no moment of respite from the time war
is declared until it is ended by her complete subjec
tion. The whole struggle should be finished in time
for our harvests to be gathered in peace and shipped
across a sea untormented by the Spanish flag.
THE FOLSOM BOULEVARD BONDS.
IT has been arranged in Sacramento to make up
an agreed case involving the question of the valid
ity of the recent issue of bonds for the construc
tion of Folsom boulevard and submit it to the Su
preme Court for decision. This is a wise and timely
thing to do. At present the bonds cannot be sold
because it is seriously doubted if they have been
issued in accordance with law. That doubt must be
removed before any step can be taken in the work of
construction, and the only way to remove it is that
which has been arranged.
When differences of opinion as to questions of law
exist among high legal authorities, as in this case,
no power less than that of the Supreme Court can de
cide them. The Call, therefore, will not undertake to
argue the question involved in the controversy. It
is sufficient to know that while the issue of the bonds
was regarded as in every way legal by the law officers
of the State, other lawyers equally eminent advised
their clients not to purchase them. The construction
of the boulevard is blocked and the improvement for
which the people voted by an overwhelming majority
is delayed because of this legal doubt.
On all questions affecting public improvements
and on all issues that have been submitted to the
popular vote our courts should give a liberal con
struction to the constitution and the statutes. That
has been the course of the Supreme Court of
the United States in construing federal laws.
Strict constructionists who would impose the
restrictions of excessive technicalities upon the
course of growth and improvement of the na
tion or any of its communities have never
had as much influence in determining the decisions
of the Supreme Court at Washington as have those
Judges who, like Marshall, studied the law in its
broadest aspects and gave the republic scope in which
to develop from a Federal to a National Govern
ment.
It is but a fair expectation that our Supreme Court
will follow in this respect the example set at Wash
ington. A mere technical defect in the issue should
not be permitted to invalidate bonds which in every
important respect were issued as the law required. .
The Folsom boulevard is a much needed public
improvement. The people of Sacramento have by
their votes shown a desire for it and a willingness to
pay for the construction. It will cost them a great
deal of money to hold a new election if the present
bonds are invalidated. There will be also a loss of
much time in the completion of the work. The case
is one that should be decided in accordance with the
spirit rather than the letter of the law, and the way
made clear for the counties of California to go for
ward with the work of improvement.
The arrest of a fortune teller for theft is a poor ad
vertisement of her business. A gift of second sight
which cannot spy a policeman around the corner is
small capital for one in the soothsaying line.
It can hardly be said that a city which has contained
at the same time two such eminent novelists as Craw
ford and Gunter doesn't have its periods of being a
literary center from 'way back.
THE SAy FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1898.
BY the vote in San Mateo on the proposition to
issue bonds for highway improvement the
cause of progress has met with a serious de
feat The strong majority given in Sacramento
County not long ago on a similar proposition encour
aged hopes that the people of the State had at last
reached a right understanding of the value of good
roads, and that hereafter there would be an extensive
movement in that direction all over the State. These
hopes have been disappointed in San Mateo, and
there can be no use in denying that the disappoint
ment has been severe.
Rarely has the issue of road Improvement been
presented under more favorable conditions than in
this instance. San Mateo has exceptional reasons,
founded on her peculiar situation, for favoring the
construction of highways of the highest excellence.
Her location is such that all travel between San Fran
cisco and either the rich valley of Santa Clara or the
romantic seaside resorts of Santa Cruz shall pass
through her territory. If opened up by good roads
the whole country would be virtually a suburban dis
trict. Every acre would be valuable. Every por
tion of the mountain and valley would have attrac
tions for men of means and culture. In a time com
paratively short after the construction of such high
ways San Mateo would have been one of the most
flourishing rural localities in the world, while without
such roads much of it must remain in the condition
of an almost inaccessible wilderness.
In addition to the arguments for the bond issue
drawn from the situation of the county, there were
others hardly less important drawn from the character
of the proposition itself. The plan of improvement
had been thoroughly studied out in every detail by
competent experts and was both efficient and econ
omical. It is hardly likely the people of that section
will ever have a better devised system of road im
provement submitted for their approval. This fact
adds to the regret at the result of the vote. When
such well-considertd measures for the public welfare
are rejected it is doubtful whether any progress can
be made until conditions have changed and a new
temper prevails among the people.
The only apparent cause for the defeat of the en
terprise is the feeling of despondency caused in the
minds of the people by the dry winter and the dam
age done to crops by the recent frosts. When the
weather is unfavorable to agriculture the people are
generally unfavorable to everything in the way of
progressive politics. Presidential contests have been
decided by the condition of the wheat crop, and the
course of much of our legislation has been deter
mined by the way the winds blew in election years.
San Mate~o cannot be persistently opposed to a sys
tem of road improvement which will add so much to
her wealth and her prestige, and when a good crop
is in sight it will be worth while for her enterprising
citizens to submit the proposition to the people for
reconsideration.
THE TRAVELING LIBRARY PLfiN.
IT is gratifying to note that the proposal to in
crease the usefulness of the State library by adopt
ing the traveling library system, which The Call
has so strenuously advocated, is being well received
in the State and has been warmly supported by some
of our most influential contemporaries. The propo
sition is one of no ordinary importance to the com
monwealth, and if carried out on a scale commen
surate with the needs of the people would be of
great benefit to all who live in localities where public
libraries are not within reach.
The scheme of the traveling library is simply an
adaptation of the wisdom shown by Mahomet in de
ciding to go to the mountain since he could not make
the mountain come to him. It is impossible to take
the State to the library at Sacramento, but it will not
be at all difficult to make the books of the library
circulate through the State. The plan is not a
hazardous venture into the unknown. It has been
tried in many States, and is now in successful opera
tion wherever tried. We have repeatedly directed at
tention to this phase of the question. In adopting a
system of traveling libraries for California we would
simply have to follow the methods which are used in
New York and other States of the East to achieve
success from the start.
The library at Sacramento is one of the best State
libraries in the Union. It is an institution of which
the commonwealth ha 9 a right to be proud. Unfor
tunately we cannot be equally proud of the use we
make of it. Few are the readers of California who
have an opportunity to profit by the volumes that are
stored upon its shelves. Under present conditions it
is in fact hardly more than a local Sacramento library,
and of the people who are taxed to maintain it not
more than one in ten ever gets a chance even to look
at it
Very different would be the condition of affairs if
the traveling library system were adopted here on a
scale approaching if not equaling that of New York.
The noble collection of books at Sacramento would
then be a State library in fact and usefulness as well
as in name. Its volumes would then be accessible
to readers in even the most remote counties, and all
Califomians who desired to share in the benefits of
the institution would have an opportunity of enjoy
ing the privilege.
The issue is one of comparatively little importance
to San Francisco, for we have here many libraries
and books are easily accessible to all who desire them,
but to the people of the smaller cities and towns
where there are no large libraries, and particularly
to the dwellers in rural communities distant from
libraries of any kind, the matter is one of the highest
concern. It is a well-known fact that in the United
States some of the most cultured and most earnest
readers of standard books live on farms or in small
villages. We are all aware of the difficulty ex
perienced by young men of the Lincoln type in get
ting books to satisfy their ambitious desires for
knowledge and intellectual advancement. California
has no lack of ambitious youth and earnest manhood
in her country districts, and she has at Sacramento a
library whose volumes are almost unused. It will be
a folly if she does not place the books at the disposal
of the man and make the library free to all who desire
to profit by it.
Editor Braun of Texas has at last been shot. It is
impossible to feel any emotion of surprise at this cir
cumstance. He has devoted his time to trying to
get somebody to shoot him, and Texan9 have the
reputation of being willing to oblige. As the editor
gave as good as he got in the final encounter the af
fair may be continued elsewhere.
Those Cubans who announce themselves as tickled
to ; the point of exuberant happiness by the brand of
autonomy doled out by ; Spain were a little ; tardy in
letting people know it. Spain herself never had a
suspicion that they were feeling this way. .
*
The Spanish spy on the Brooklyn ought to be sen
tenced to a transfer to the Texas.
PROGRESS DELAYED.
MANUSCRIPT MUTTERINGS.
SO you're back again," sneered "A
Cynic's Love Story." "I told you
how 'twould be. These editors have
vowed that nothing really meritori
ous, nothing lifelike, human, orig
inal shall be publshed. To which one
were you sent?"
: "The Atlantic," "Helena" answered de
jectedly.
"I've always wished he'd sent me there
instead of to the Cosmopolitan. I've an
idea—"
"Oh, have you?" interrupted "Helena."
"Well, take courage. You'll have an op
portunity to test your theory some day."
"It's only a question of time, my dear,"
said "Who'd be a Woman?" the dean of
the MSS. "He swears he'll never try
again when we come back, but along
comes a day when there's a renewal of
hope— you can't kill it in a writer— then
he'll take you up or "The City of My
Heart" or "The Penance of Peter"— the
first one of us his hand lights upon. His
fingers close upon one so lingeringly, so
tenderly. Almost unconsciously he be
gins to read; he becomes deeply Interest
ed (I never knew it to fail when an
author's his own audience) he reads to
the end, lays down the story and sits for
a moment, a beautiful light in his eyes, a
tender, proud smile about his lips. What's
he thinking about? What does he see?
I'll tell you what I sometimes think. He
sees us not as we are with all our faults
of execution, with all our little human
shortcomings, but as he conceived us,
full, warm and glowing with life, clear
and sustained as the note a tenor thinks
he sings. Each incident is a living,
breathing picture to him; he sees us as
we live In his own mind, each of us, all of
us, his beloved children even— even — "
"Who'd Be a Woman?" concluded al
most with a sob — "even those of us who
are least vigorous, who are old and yet
immaturely crude."
"I know," exclaimed "The Penance of
Peter" eagerly. "When he takes me up
like that, the power of appreciation, the
delicacy of perception which is in him,
seems to inspire me. I rise — or try to —
to the ideal he has of me, and Judging
by the triumph In his face I believe I al
most succeed in being the dainty, deli
cate, witty thing he imagined me. You
know he wrote me in an afternoon,
banged me into an envelope and sent me
off as If he were afraid some second
thought might induce him to alter a sin
gle word or phrase of what he judged
good. When I arrived at Harper's and
was taken out of my shell I spread my-
Felf haughtily and crackled a little
superciliously under the reader's eye. I
watched her furtively as she read me,
waiting for the glow and sparkle that
comes to his face, but hers was as non
committal as the postman's when he
brings us back. My, how fast she read!
Hope died out of me; and perhaps (my
conscience gives me an occasional twinge)
it was my own fault that I came back to
him. But under that expressionless eye,
who could sparkle? Who could be light
and airy and gay? Not I. The meaning
faded out of the short, snappy lines he
had written with so much pleasure, the
wit became dull, the action slow. I felt
heavy and stupid, and tingled all over
with a sense of being ridiculous and ef
fortful. I could have edg<^d, of my own
accord, toward the return envelope; I
knew her mind before she read three
pages, and I was so mortified, I was glad
to be placed in the envelope and back on
my way to him."
"That's all very well," murmured
"Adrian the Musician," "but think of the
home-coming. Oh, how I shivered inside
the envelope when I came back to him!
He held me for a time, looking not at me
but straight ahead. 'So you're not avail
able, either,' he said bitterly. Then he
put me aside, and it was weeks before he
broke open the envelope. Oh, how I felt
for him! The very sadness that was in
me for his suffering must have tinged my
lines, for as he read me over — "
"He always will," interrupted "A
Cynic's Love Story," "it's as if he hoped
to find the fault the editor had discov
ered."
"—As he read his face lost Its personal
pain, and when he finished there were
tears in his eyes— for Adrian's pitiful
story, not for his own."
"Can you fancy how it would be if one
of us were really accepted?" asked "In
Our Town," the youngest MS., speaking
a little conceitedly.
"Can we!" they exclaimed In one voice.
They all began to speak at once, but
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The Russian sauadron in Asiatic wa
ters consists now of twelve vessels, ex-
CiUslve of torpedo boats, and four battle
ships were due during last montu.
The German squadron on the China sta
tion will next summer be composed of the
Kaiser and Deutschland, and three sec
ond, two third and one fourth class cruis
er, carrying a total of 3154 men.
There are two cruisers and a torpedo
gunboat under construction at Tokosuka,
and a battle-ship and a first class cruiser
are soon to be laid down at the same
yard.
A slgrnalman on the British cruiser
Taurango, on the Australian station, has
been court-martialed for striking on offi
cer and sentenced to three years' penal
servitude and dismissed from the ser
vice.
Four torpedo boat destroyers are build-
Ing for Japan at the yard of Thorney
croft, the first to be delivered next June
and the others at intervals later on. The
boats, are to have a speed of 31 knots, with
6000 horse power and a displacement of
360 tons. The conning towers will be
armored and the coal capacity 90 tons.
The Japanese navy in commission num
bers six armored ships, fourteen cruisers
and coast defense ships, eight gun ves
sels and torpedo cruisers and fourteen
torpedo boats. This fleet of forty-two
vessels constitutes four-fifths of the
available naval force and includes nearly
all ships built and acquired since ISB2.
Lord Beresford has a direct and prac
tical way about him which evidently
troubles the admiralty. In Parliament
on March 11 Lord Beresford asked the
First Lord of the Admiralty whether he
would, settle ail doubts as to the perform
ance of Belleville boilers by ordering the
cruiser Diadem to steam across the At
lantic under full power, to which propo
sition Mr. Goshen declined to order the
experiment on the plea that it was inad
visable to run a ship at full speed for
such an extended voyage before the en
gine shaft had become fully accustomed
to the machinery.
The pride of the British navy, the
Powerful, is in a bad state. She made
21.8 knots at her trial trip last July, and
great things were expected from her on
her voyage from England to the China
station. The orders were to push her up
to 20 knots on the trip from Singapore to
Shanghai, but she accomplished only
about 13 knots. The cause of this remark
able reduction in speed is alleged by the
Hongkong Press to be due to the fact
that the port engines have settled slight
ly. This settling, however trivial, throws
tho shafting out jof line with the engine
and prevents smooth running of the
Journals. She was overhauled upon her
arrival at Hongkong and ma.de a brief
trial, developing 21 knots, but It 4s never
theless asserted that the ship must re
turn to England to have defects made
good.
French Journals have taken offense at
the names of British ships. These names
recall victories of the British over the
French, and they particularly dislike
such names as the Nile, Blenheim. Agin
oourt and Trafalgar. As the Agincourt
vu built In IS6B. and the others in 1890,
<3>«><s><3><B><£<3> < »<? > *.♦'♦ ** ♦♦ ♦ < *
yielded to "Who'd Be a Woman?" de
ferring to her age and experience.
"Why, do you know, I was so sure -or
being accepted— it gave me such a shock
to be returned— that I almost lost my
senses. I was in a fury, too. I suppose I
was very vain, - but S you see I was his
first, and he was so proud of me! But
I forgot my own feelings when I got
home. Oh, the humiliation, the shame,
the bitter disappointment he felt! I shall
never forget it. I felt guilty myself, and
only kept up my courage by. bragging to
myself about what I would do if he gave
me another chance." Ivi'j&i
"And did he— and what then?" asked
"In Our xown."
"There's no need to ask," said "Who'd
Be a Woman?" with simple dignity.
"Would I be here if—"
"Yes, that's true," murmured "In Our
Town." -
"You've never been submitted: where
are you going? Do you know?" asked
"Another Man's Wife. v
"To . Scribner's. I believe."
"They'll never accept you. I was sent
to Scribner's and—"
"Yes, but," began "In Our Town," "but
you — you're about — "
"Well," said "Another Man's • Wife,"
hotly, "suppose I am? Are the magazines
written -for "children? Shall American
stories appear In them "exclusively for the
jeunes filles, with not even a department
for mature minds?" ■ ,
There was an embarrassed silence and
no answer to her questions.
"Here comes 'Joel Morrison,' " said the
"Penance of a eter," relieved ct a diver
sion. "He's been gone a long time. Sorry
to see you, Joel."
"Sorry to see you," he answered, cor
dially. "You were out when I left. Some
how, I can't help havipg hopes 01 you."
"Neither, can I," sighed "The Penance
of Peter." "Anything new?"
"No; same old story. They didn't even
read me through. Missed the best part;
that which pleased him so. 'Pon my
word, it isn't worth wasting postage
stamps on us. We're a measly crowd I"
he said, despondently.
"Oh!" broke in in Our Town," "you
wouldn't have him abandon hope—
wouldn't have him stop writing?"
"Why not?" asked "Joel Morrison."
"Because — because—
"Because you wouldn't get your chance?
Never fear! You'll be sent to Join that
pale paper caravan which moves on to
the magazine offices in myriad squadrons,
only to 'bout face and home singly again.
I do hope though, you'll be the excep
tion," he concluded, generously.
"Oh, if I should.'" she exclaimed. "It
would be a beginning, and then he might
revise—"
"Revise! Why, I'm the shadow of what
I used to be," saia "The Story of Ag
atha, "
"And I'm so swollen with new material
I no longer know myself," said "Faraway
Ferguson."
"lie's never touched me," said "The
Penance of Peter."
"Nor me," said "Adrian, the Musician."
"Wonder whose turn will come next?
No, 'In Our Town," you may wait here
weeks yet. Some fancy will seize him
that 'Peter' hasn't had a fair chance, or
that 'Joel' there is too good to keep, or
that somewhere some one dwells and pub
lishes a magazine who can judge 'Another
Man's Wife' with artistic liberality, or he
may — "
"Hush! Listen!" whispered "The Story
of Agatha,"
The noise of a continuous scratching
permeated the desk's lid.
"He's writing another!" "In Our Town"
gasped, pale with disappointment.
"Well, I like his gr.i, ' remarked "Joel
Morrison."
"Wonder what It'll be about? We're all
so different, said Adrian the Musi
cian."
"All so alike, you mean," sarcastically
interrupted "Faraway Ferguson."
"How? In what?" demanded an indig
nant chorus.
"In our unavailability," he answered,
tartly.
There was a universal rustling sigh.
"Perhaps this one — "
"Yes, perhaps this one — "
"Oh! if—"
A silence followed, broken only by the
rapid, steady scratching of the pen above.
Inside the drawer the folded MSS. lay,
hushed and prayerful.
AiIRIAM MICHELSON.
the wrath slumbering from thirty to
eight years has been somehow slow in
manifesting itself. The Figaro grieves
that some of the ships building in France
have not been named Le Fontenoy, Le
Steinkerque, Le Nerwinde, Le Port Ma
hon, Le Calais, etc., and adds that one
has only to open the history of France
to find plenty of English defeats. Of the
new vessels in course of construction in
England one is to be named Crecy, an
other Hogue and a third one Abourkir,
which is likely to still further intensify
the bitterness of the yellow journals in
France,
HAWAII IN CASE Of WAR.
San Francisco, April 2. 189 S.
Editor Call: Now that the country is
on the verge of war, I thought it would
be reasonable to show to those who think
that by annexing the Hawaiian Islands
we can better protect ourselves how fool
ish it would be to take such a step. Our
navy is being got ready for action, and
our seaports are being fortified, and as
the preparations for trouble are going
on we see how few ships we have to pro
tect the Pacific Coast.
I ask one question of the annexationist.
and that is this. Where in the name of
God would the Pacific Coast be in case
of war with Spain if we had already an
nexed the islands? As the United States
navy is none too large at present, it can
be seen at a glance that if war were de
clared either the Pacific Coast or the Ha
waiian Islands would have to be left open
to attack. Senator White did well when
he said that "we cannot protect ourselves
by acquiring other territory which needs
f>rotection." Uncle Sam cannot afford to
cave his own coast open to attack while
sending his warships out to protect isl
ands 2000 miles away.
Let every annexationist bear this in
mind. R. D. WHITE.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
Albert Levy of Fresno is at the Bald
win.
J. E. Green of Courtland is a guest at
the Grand.
A. L. Lindscy of Boston Is staying at
the Palace.
J. H. Einhouse and wife of Santa Rosa
are at the California.
George C. Roeding, a big fruit man of
Fresno, is at the Lick.
J. P. Farrell and son of Los Angeles are
registered at the Occidental.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the
Grand is Charles Baker of Sacramento.
M. C. Harrison of Portland, Ore., ia at
the California with his wife and family.
Mr. and Mrs. Cyrus Curtis of Phila
delphia arrived at the Palace yesterday.
At one of the
prominent down
town hotels lives
a family whose
son and heir Is
soon to depart for
Peru, where he
expects to make
THIS BEAU
HAS SEVERAL
STRINGS.
a fortune In j gold mines of which he 1 will
be the discoverer. -* The other night : quite
a party s were;' gathered } : together In his
parents' parlor discussing the prospective
trip,'":;, f, when ; : j one £j old. • gentleman i" ; ; said ;
"George, V suppose > that when ". you < reach
the < land Jof the I Incas > your I golden ' ex
pectations are not realised," what will you
do telegraph home for a ticketed save
you -3£Ste for. the fatted: calf?- "N^t
much "Replied the young fellow. If
Srfngs go- wrong with my mining venture
I will simply marry a daughter of the
country and wipe out ;my failure by be
coming an Incas-raiser (inkera-ser).
™ see by the Injun-uity of your rep y.
that you "are better Qualified to make
your way tmong a semi-civilized people
than I was at your age." continued the
first speaker. I remember when I was a
lad I started out on a somewhat similar
venture. My father, a rather stern man
was very much opposed to the idea of
mv leaving, but finally, after considerable
persuasion, allowed me to depart. I
struggled along as best I could for about
a year, but things became harder and
harder, and I finally wrote home, telling
my father of my intention to return,
winding up by asking him if the fatted
calf would be killed to welcome the prod
igal. The answer I received was morn
concise than encouraging; it said: My
dear son: You left contrary to my wishes
and advice. If you return you may rest
assured I. will roast a calf as well as I
know how. Your father.' I decided to
stick it out, and after a couple of years
more was enabled to return in a state
that assured me welcome and respect."
A. Robinson of Louisville, Ky.. Is stay*
Ing at the Palace.
William Jerome of New York is at tha
Occidental. Mrs. Jerome is with her hus
band.
Judge S. Solon Holl of Sacramento
is one of yesterday's arrivals at tha
Grand.
Among the arrivals at the Palace from
New York yesterday are Mr. and Mrs.
C. L. Moore.
Charles H. Tipton, a mining- man of
Anaconda, Mont., is one of the late ar
rivals at the Palace.
W. O. Young, a mining man of Dawson,
is at the Baldwin, where he arrived yes
terday from Seattle.
M. L. Washburn, agent for the Alaske
Commercial Company, is registered at the
Occidental from Alaska.
J. Miller of Reno is a guest at the Lick.
S. Q. Cocum, U. S. A., is at the Occiden
tal accompanied by his wife.
Mr. and Mrs. O. W. Beatty, Edgar S.
Beatty, Mrs. and Miss Meyhart are a par
ty of Philadelphians who arrived at the
Palace last night.
R. N. Bulla, Code Commissioner from
Los Angeles, and T. W. Shanahan, Code
Commissioner of Anderson, are both reg
istered at the Grand.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DUELING— A. E. X.. Fresno, CaL
The laws of France, Spain and of ItalJ
prohibit dueling.
A NOTE— Canadian, Cloverdale, Cal.
An action on a note executed within this
State must be commenced within four
years, and if executed outside of the lim
its of the State, in two years.
MONEY BY MAIL-^T. C. P., City. The
postal authorities do not know of any
system by which money In small sums Is
transmitted by mall by means of placing
postage stamps on a postal card.
FRECKLES— D. B. D., Crockett. Cal.
Freckles may be readily removed by any
agent that will destroy the epidermis or
superficial layer of the skin In which the
pigment is deposited. This, however,
should be done by a competent doctor.
THE CASE OF HARVEY.— A. M.,
Stockton. Cal. The case of Harvey, chief
mate of the George Stetson, charged with
beating a boy named Stone of Boston,
Mass., was sent to Seattle for trial. In
San Francisco nothing was done but to
take the depositions of two wicnes3es.
LARGEST CARGO— A. G.. Stockton,
Cal. It Is stated that the largest cargo
taken by any vessel lea%ing a Pacific
Coast shipping port was one taken by the
Shennandoah, consisting of 4500 tons of
wheat. There is no record of the largest
cargo taken from San Francisco by a
steamer. '
SUCCESSION— Reader, Oakland, Cil.
The law of the State of California Is that
if a decedent leaves a surviving husband
or wife and only one child, or the lawful
issue of one child, the property, if there
be no will, goes in equal shares to the
surviving husband or wife or child or is
sue of such child. If the decedent leave a
surviving husband or wife and more
than one child living, or one child living
and the lawful issue of one or more de
ceased children, one-third to the surviv
ing husband or wife and the remainder in
equal shares to his children and to the
lawful issue of any deceased child by
right of representation. That is the law
where there are children.
Finest eyeglasses, 15c up. 83 Fourth, •
R. Pahl's $3 Shoes always on hand.
Agency W. L. Douglas' Shoes, 324Kearny«
A choice present. Townsend's California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb, in fire-etched boxes. •
Special iaformation supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Trunks just received. $2 75 to $25 each.
Valises. 75c to $1S each. Ladles' ocket
books and leather belts, all new, 25c to $5
each. No charge for name in gold let
ters on any of our fine leather goods. In
this department you will always find'tha
best possible assortment of perfumery
combs, brushes, mirrors, playing arid
tally cards at the lowest prices Ran
born. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st •
Queen Victoria has read and reread th«
poems of Scott so often that she knows
most of them by heart, and often, durln*
her drives, repeats verses descriptive of
the scenery through which she Is pass
ing.
"Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syron"
Hm been used over fifty years by mlllioaa at
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothe* the child, softena
the giims, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic rex
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teethln* or
other causes. For sale by Prurgists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
ADO— Atmosphere Is perfectly cry
soft and mild, being entirety free from the
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship/Including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado. $65:1 lqpg-er stay
$2 60 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery \>t
S. F.. or A. W. Bailey, m*r. Hotel del Corona
do. late of Htl Colorado. Glenwood Spgs. Colo.
Captain R. C. Cllpperton. British Con
sul at Philadelphia for more than sever
teen years, has announced his purpose to
retire from the Consular service, in which
he has been employed for upward of forty
years.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Cook
who uses
BAKING
POWDER
la sure of the
Finest FoodCOURSING EVENTS AT TWO PARKS.
UNION PARK.
L"\Ylth that goodly hound For Freedom
birred, the colors of Curtis & Son were
carried to victory in the final course at
. V.nton Park by the fast and game Ro-
F.'Mitt'. By one of those freaks of fortune
Magn^tj a very rank outsider, was the
runner-up for the final course against
Rosette^ be having worked his way
throiißh by unaccounted-for bursts of
sp'opd -and scratches combined. In the
lai-.t argument Rosette had it very easy.
• There Was an unusually large crowd,
anil the animation and action in the ring
" r;ui . high. The courses were generally
loKg-. ones, the hares ran well and the
day parsed off without any disagreeable
incidents. The talent bought at prohib
" itive odds and came home nappy, having
tried, conclusions with the books most
Successfully. There was an occasional
. slip- among the favorites, but the stu
vd< r-t-s- of form were ahead on the day.
/';:■ E. V.; Sullivan auctioned eight dogs
■\ '■'.'luncheon. Daisy Crest brought
•.;&lvtM«R: price at $130. She. is a sister of
•>7lyfng ..and Royal Buck. The seven
'.caVvprs-. brought an even 5200.
.;£V.T-h.e: "bounds ran as follows:
;--.ln.: ; the'/.eeOpnd round of the first ties of the
. : .:'.tt.*^rve -stake for all age greyhounds, at
fcfiws ■ . JUS. $CO. $60, WO. $30. $30. $30, next
gghfr W oO each, next sixteen $5 each, Lowe
; •&; T*>°»ftPSQ.n s Patria beat A. Johnson's Lis-
Kf^V.Vfe*'* & Thompson's Prince Hal beat E.
. •*;:■. \:iVan b False Flatterer. E. V. Sullivan's
••'s :^^ v: ? va T k beat R. 1?. Kay's Eclipse. E. V.
•'•.^•'.VAf 1 :? Jefter beat H. M. X. Spring's Mas
■vtf.r JacM. , XN C. Glasson's Mystery beat C. C.
.. jGHf« i-.ld's Mountain Lassie. D. J. Healev's
.^I-iUniuin Beauty beat F. 15. Courtney's The
-■p.:. Qeor^o Whitney's Therun beat E. V.
Jv-rmVs Electric, T. J. Cronln's Magnet beat
.:-||f ; kenn«l s Alameda, Bartels Brothers*
.3}l!U*-V •■■ ■■ >; •' beat T. J. Burkes Little Pete.
J..^),i. kennel's Arapahoe beat E. J. Heaney's
JJ.trlc.-x^itiy ii. E. Scott's Lord Byron beat Al
,;>Jjs^lns; Douglas, Curtis & Sons' Rosette beat
' Q»-iV^v3 >: i' en ' 8 Promise Me, J. Seggerson's
:.'®*iH<v:ehtef beat Larkey & Rock's Myrtle. D.
;,-.|J;/.-.H)>a.le;>-B Rusty Gold beat E. V. Sullivan's
'.■.■go>' al Bdrk. E. V. Sulll\-an's Rocklln Belle
S-t^.VV.^ 0 - T. .bin's Spring. E. V. Sullivan's
.4. Tv.y.'M-ay bo at R. c de B. I>opez' Camilla.
■m :.I.'J ■tVi.e: .second ties Flying Buck beat Patria.
■s£g.#g> Hal a t Jester, Mountain Beauty beat
•vCr7.-f.'.ery.£y aKTiet beat Theron, Blackstone beat
r?tl<^'' Rosette beat Lord Byron. White
'■©fettwt Rocklin Belle. Rusty Gold beat
'
Stay
.?. t :t £, a - third ties Flying Buck beat Prince
i*jal-.. .Magnet beat Mountain Beauty. Rosette
: .DR^-.P^ckstone, Rusty Gold beat White Chief.
' =.£Tn:.tbe-.fo.urth ties Magnet beat Flying Buck,
jn.j'?etT<y:beat Rusty Gold.
. r :: : Jrt. -the.;- final Rosette beat Magnet.
COURSING AT LOS ANGELES.
T.ng ANGELES, April 3.— Coursing at
JijgYfcijltural Park attracted the usual
lax^e.; crowd to-day, and, although it was
jH.tgiytl'y; windy, sport was good. There are
.-BotfteTiew dogs entered every week and
this :imertst manifested by owners of
;hou.p'd's; -is shown by the fact that all the
Entries cannot be accommodated.
".i' "A 'Change in the management took place
l&st: >.:i-» when a syndicate, headed by C.
E-. :se; Camp, purchased Colonel Black's
hite-ryst" In the park lease and the cours
fpgyt,6-#ay was under their management.
Bacchua acted as superintendent of
;tht> ; :*;n>unds. Colonel Black still retains
; t>~i— .- pool- privilege.
p.v.'ltv tfw* run-offs I • V H beat Bowery Boy,
• VJMvrsjai-Jd boat Grace H, Queen J beat Cactus
:/;}};' 'ss.irn. af.tcr a tie. Tip Steadman beat
.; <$}}&s'.& a bye. Juliet beat Sport McAllister,
•••.prrtiVind-e beat Snooze. Altso beat Bright Cy
v £l -Ito' %at Blue Chief after a tie. La Tosca
•■:.-.-J>£a*:" ; KaSf»Find, Tiger beat Seesaw after a
• :".ti<v:vA;.B; C beat K.-cWly Mac, Mac beat John
. ;2Nfi-}fhef): .-Homer beat Sorceress. Romeo beat
•fWrP -afler- a tie, Rapbaby beat Can-Can, Dan
:<■/■.;>. ■■>'■ l.c;tt Jim Jeffries.
•K,--Jp.'-the;.-rirF.t ties D V II beat Mermaid, Tip
; ..~gt^a<}mijai •beat Queen J, Ormonce beat Juliet.
'•JUteS .'•»««: Cyclone. ABC beat Ti^er. La
'q?c.«?a,.lK*arMac, Romeo beat Homer, Ragbaby
j .b<eat.:4tfa : JofTries.
■ b-IJa it«.e second ties D V H beat Tip Steadman,
Or:r><>n!ie' b^at Aliso. ABC beat La Tosca,
■ Ro!T)pr» -X>bat Ratr Baby.
; - ties Ormonde beat D V H, A B C
beat. .R«)m.eo
. !ji;th«'-:4lriais Ormonde beat ABC, with A B
C •pccon-d, -Romeo third, the rest divided.
CONCERT FOR
SACRED HEART
Uha'brle to Meet Its Taxes and
insurance It Calls Upon
the People.
. . Mw^., : . . Prominent Musicians Will
; ' :.";.y*i Take Part in the Enter
'"..? •■■'•;:..... tainment
'■'. '•Th'erfli is to be a large concert at the
Me'tr.b'polltan Temple on the 13th of this
. '.month"- to r the benefit of the Sacred Heart
;C.qi}ege .- this city. It is to raise money
f>r : :tft<> Insurance and taxes that will be
T/dbei'inVa short time, and the college, flnd
ifiglxhat it would be impossible to meet the
"'<}47Ji{inds upon it decided to ask its many
tni-rj^s-.c-'f. this city.
' V. prominent artists will appear.
. "■^■ni'dng;:.'th'e ' names on the programme ap
■ •!>jsp of Anton Schott, Mrs. J. Mor
' rt£>«>y., : -£tfiss Valesca Schorcht. Press Club
tjl'u-ivrjc.efj-'MJss Corcoran ana others.
:T-}|j: T-}|j- r<-l Heart College is located on
th':G}£sriter; of Larkln and Eddy streets,
■ Kpa^itis'-ffloetof the landmarks of the city.
JjiA^jrvjof : the influential men of this city
fygtcVsjljtiiyrted there, and it is under the
.. Geii-fi'--/ • ■■'- Christian Brothers— the same
C!r.'i'vr.:-i.{ia.-. has; charge Of the large St
&Iftti-;*;:t.oUfKe in Oakland.
. {'Briit^or^Ermlnold is the superior, an
' aHl^i.ma.h.:^ nfs P lace . popular with the
•.v.c>jjp#:'jfn<srt;:that attend the school and al
\v i .v >r.iiciious about the welfare of the
. .h'is-fHii;ii:6^,>: .
Wl^-^£':^. : '.' ADVERTISEMENTS.
MunyM Tells What Not To Do.
Take No Medicine Unless
You Are Sick. "
t Take No Medicine Unless
You Are Sick,
■■•^'■'•''f^Sr^M^ Mnnyon decries dosing- and doping. Why should
; '? •'"•V -■ / % "^S&^^^&k. the glorious springtime be the signal for a deluge !
•3- ::^: ; f|-":5^^^^^-^w\ of physic, and the golden harvest be
■-S:i^-%>i^H^TpSaHfflk associated with the excessive drinking
V r- -*^w!^^Pn £ of rum and whiskey disguised as bit-
' r <-'^ i:^^^^f jfy^^^^Xrj 'ij ters? iledicine should only be given
:-e/:i:':- : v1-^ 'Vl ff&% i J V^ 1 1 I *° the sick) ami shoul( always be 'ad-
:^- ] - :^^Wr'ii^mmmm^ ,|| V ministered with gentleness and dis-
•■■SrS :mMk x mSS^M^A\l\\\ tlon - 1 Medicine should be to Nature
•■•■• ;; i , ■■«, l '^ m T l mm \\\l\\\\\ ' Only a delicate rebuke of error and a.
• :^{--£;!u''--^ \tmmm "l \W kind encouragement of the physical
•?• I • M v^i^WSSSHW V\> forces or good. The hard work of re-
: :v«;Ji4Ui.^«y» -^^BHalH%l \l\ covery is done by Nature itself. The
I frf ; fii> li - T? /#> \^N '•-■\\il \\\ human bod y is more delicate than the
$ h[ : f.W k' X^SmSßllvl V finest mechanism, more sensitive than
CTi: ::'-': :'-' : Wr \ WwMiW? ' the tendered plant. To shatter the
'■■■ : Bli '■ : '<f/f/ r ' liver ' vilh m " ' :r .v, to madden the
X\% I T-- W/// V-i\L^;^B\V nerves with morphine and chloral, and
i.-vn \''-:ff// l iwW to flay and burn the stomach with
I 'i.ttj' "■ ' i Iff . v V§w|rara every poison black-listed with skull and
/.•• ; . .S : if. Awiv'^^ cross-bones, is torture more demonic
:\: \ 'If' wIiVHII tL an t lie Inquisition.
■rely,':.*} . X, This is a world of compensations. ■
/. '•:■:•'/■ ': ■ ■■ y^U\\\Vp2iy For every. valley there is: a correspond-
:: \" : J''- V»- , ' ■'- / ing mountain, for every darkness there
f^^/r/^JBEfJlffl ' s :i corresponding light, and for i-wrv
.' ." ;■ J :*£%■ ■■^Wittifa disease there is a corresponding cure.
''B » Not all such cures have yet been found,
' .•• • ' / fl but Munyon has discovered fifty-seven '
™ ■-":•• . of them. Each one of Munyon cures '
la a specific for some particular disease, and for ! nothing else. Each one of i
Munyon's cures is a -climax of scientific experiment, the exact fit in each \
case. Munyon's Remedies for sale at all druggists. Mostly 25 cents a bottle i
If . in -. doubt write to Prof. Munyoa, 1505 Area Street, j Philadelphia, for i re© j
medical advice. . i
INGLESIDE.
A large qrowd of heavy bettors saw the
almost invincible Moondyno and Kennel
mate Connemara go down before some
fleet hounds yesterday at Ingle3id'» Park
with money in plenty as good as 5 and 5
to 1. The two courses were the principal
events of the day, and In consequence the
form players were thrown off their feet.
J. Dean, the owner of the hounds, was
not greatly surprised at the defeat of
Connemara, as that dog has been carry
ing considerable surplus fat for a few
weeks, but when Moondyne went down to
Flashlight, who won the purse, the owner
was unable to account for the defeat with
the exception that the hare favored the
winner to a great extent.
The puppy stake created conbilfrable
interest, but the many fleet old dog 3 and
the splendid condition of the hares were
the main topic of conversation. During
the afternoon the interest in the cours
ing event was transferred to the arrival
of the two celebrities, Anna Heii and
Tod Sloan, who entered the ground ar
rayed in furs on the one part an<l tne
light coat en the other which baa caused
so much envy among the "dressers
throughout the city. .
Taken all in all the sport was exceed
ingly good and all were satisfied when the
results were given, with one or two ex
ceptions. In the final of the all-aze stake
the bookie made a mistake in writing
tickets, anil in consequence the juil<;j de
cided the course without the assistance or
the flag rr&n and rode to the stake naiu
li g th« winner, Flashlight. Here is how
It all happened:
In the puppy *tfri<e C. Strehl's Star Pointer
beat Kay & Tram's Killarney Lass. D. Ford's
Bonlta beat Deckelman & Panaxio s Royal
Oak. James McCormlck's White Wings beat J.
Murphy's Dempsey Lass, Connell Bro. Log
Boy beat C. Etrehl's Moonlight Chippies.
Second tie?— Bonita beat Star Pointer, Log
Boy beat White Wings.
Final— Log Boy beat Bonita.
In the all-age stake J. Dean's Moonayne beat
J. Quane'e Princess Marie, D. Hooper Koo
Lawn beat M. Murphy's Tod Sloan. Deckel
man & Panarlo's Glen Roy beat .T. Shea's Fl
renza, T. Cooney's Right Bower beat Lynch &
Miner's Lurllne, J. Dean's Connemara beat
Lynch & Mahers Mystic Maid. Deckelman &
Panarto's Old Glory beat B. Dougherty's Tes-
Bie Fair, W. C. Glassen's Terrona beat T. Cro
nln's Johnny R. J. Kinkald's Nelly Conroy
beat Connell Bros.' Senorlta, D. Leonard s
Bendalong beat J. Byrne's Nelly B. J. Mur
nane's Flashlight beat M. Nealon's van Knapp.
Second tiep— Moondyne beat Koo Lawn. Glen
Roy beat Right Bower. Connemara beat Old
Glory. Terrona beat Nelly Conroy, Flashlight
beat Bendalong.
Thlri ties— Moondyne beat Glen Roy, Ter
rona beat Connemara, Flashlight a bye.
Fourth ties— Flashlight beat Moondyne, Ter
rona a bye.
Final— Flashlight beat Terrona.
DR. MAITLAND HELD
IN SAN JOSE'S JAIL.
Alleged Swindler Awaiting the Ar
rival of Officers I'rom Los
Angeles.
SAN JOSE, April 3.— Dr. D. A. Malt
land, who is wanted by l<os Angeles
authorities for victimizing a number of
prominent people and hotels, is occupy
ing a cell at the City Prison pending the
arrival of an officer from that place.
The doctor Is 111 at ease, In his confine
ment, as he has been accustomed to 11 v
l ing on the fat of the land. He denies
I having victimized any one, and says he
: cannot understand why he was arrested.
Maitland is well educated. He speaks
with a Jewish accent, but claims to be an
aagiißuuuu).
Dr. Maitland came to San Jose about a
week ago. passing as Dr. "W. A. Marsh.
He engaged quarters at a North Second
street boarding house and ingratiated
himseli into the confidence of the mother
at his landlady. He told her stories of
his greatness and learning, and she be
lieved in him implicitly, and introduced
him to a gentleman in this city, who was
going to endeavor to obtain for him a
position as professor at Stanford Uni
versity. Dr. Maitland was to have gone
to Palo Alto to-day and make such ar
rangements as were possible to obtain a
position at the university. This plan was
thwarted by the discoveries by Detective
Anderson, of which Maitland was in
formed by th«» woman previously men
tioned. This caused the doctor to change
his plans, and when arrested he was pre
paring to take an early train this morn
ing for San Francisco.
CORONA TO BE TOWED
•TO SAN FRANCISCO.
Vessel Wrecked on the Alaskan Coast
Will Be Repaired in This
Harbor.
SEATTLE, April 3.— The tug Tyee to
day towed the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's Corona from the Quartermas
ter Harbor dry dock to Seattle, After
taking on a supply of fuel the tug will
leave in the morning and expects to pull
the Corona Into San Francisco five days
later, where she will receive thorough re
pairs.
The Corona was wrecked in Alaska In
January last. The two holes and the
fractured part of her hull have been cov
orod with planking on the outside and
with cement on the inside. It has been
found that a number of her plates were
damaged so that they will have to be
removed and the keel straightened. The
houses, cabins and saloons are either
completely gone or almost a total wreck.
It is estimated that complete repairs to
the Corona will cost over $60,000.
Ends Life With a Razor.
BUTTE, Mont., April 3.— August J,ar
rieu, a patient at Wells Hospital, commit
ted suicide at a late hour last night by
cutting his throat with a razor. Larrieu
was 56 years of age and had a son in Cal
ifornia. He was employed by the Union
Pacific Railroad.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1898.
BIG CROWDS
ATTEND THE
BALL GAMES
Both Leagues Present
First-Class At
tractions.
Sacramento Shut Out by
Oakland at Recrea
tion Park.
A Whirlwind Contest and the
Colts Defeat the
Giants.
JIM CORBETT PLAYS BALL
The Actor- Pugilist Wins a Fast Came)
Sot the Olympics by a Tlmaly
Two-Cushion Shot
Cal Ewlng's Infant prodigy, Lou Hardle
was the prime factor in Oakland's victory
at Recreation Park yesterday. The young
ster got two of the ten hits made off Mr
SOME CAUSES OF ENTHUSIASM AT CENTRAL AND RECREATION PARKS
Pitt, Sacramento's pitcher, both doubles,
i scoring two of the three runs credited to
the Qolts and sending in the other. Had
| his searchlights not been in such good
• condition the game would probably have
I extended into the dinner hour and dark
: ness without either side scoring.
Sacramento made its initial appearance
j on the local grounds and though Manager
! Young took home a little white alley, the
I first shut-out of the season, the defeat of
his giants is nodlscredit. They played abril
liant game as shown by the manner in
which they held the Colts down, but they
were handicapped by having to face a port
side pitcher, and as the majority of the
Giants are left-handed batters they were
completely at his mercy. Three widely
scattered singles, one of them being very
much on the scratch order, were all they
could muster, while seven of them tore
large; rents in the atmosphere.
They are a good aggregation and when
they round to Into form they will make |
the best of the other members of the Call- j
fornia league realize they have been to a
ball game. Pitt gives promise of develop
ing Into one of the fastest pitchers in the
league. He has wonderful speed, remind- ,
ing one of Borchers in his palmy days, be
sides excellent control as a rule. Yester
day he went into the game without hav
ing done any preliminary work to speak
of this season, and held the Oakland slug
gers down to ten hits, divided up among
six Innings. There is not a point in the
team that can be pronounced w.-ak in
fielding, and all have records as heavy
willow-wielders. \ . -
The Colts show up to better advantage
each game they play, and Manager Ew
ing is already drawing pictures of the :
disposition he will make of the cham
pionship pennant. No argument can |
shake his belief that the trophy is al
ready within his grasp. With Russell to I
hold down opposing batters ; and his ; aids ;
to punch out runs, it certainly looks as
though Ewing had cause for his optimis
tic views. .
What a game it was yesterday! . Sat
urday's aftair was fast enough «to suit ;
the most exacting crank, but yesterday's
game went it one better. . Recreation !
Park is rapidly becoming ; noted for its
close and exciting contests, but the latest
game kept the 3000' spectators in a con- |
stant roar. Played in an hour and I
twenty-five minutes, with the . score at
the close standing 3 to 0 in favor of the
. Colts, everybody present knew, he -had i
seen a ball game. Besides -. Russell and I
Hardie, Mosklman. Oakland's change !
pitcher, took a leading part in the game. |
Owing to the illness of Fred Lange's I
wife Dean was sent to third, and Moski
man to the middle pasture. Two hits out
of four times up was his record. with the
stick while two i put outs rand an assist
constituted his outside work. But it was
the assist that earned him a great round
of applause. With : one out ■■ Edwards
reached second on a muffed , fly J and
passed ball. Caverly was hit by a pitched
ball and went to first. Hoagland lifted a
high fly out to right center, which ; Mos
kiman " plucked * and shot ? the ; ball • away
over to third; ahead, of Edwards, who
started for that cushion ias soon ,as | the
sphere was captured. It was a wonderful
throw, .; equaling that of . Lou Hardies a
week ago. ..". ■'■"'■ ■ :
While none of the Giants did anything
worth mentioning , with < the bat, ; they all
showed un strong . in the - field, with • the
possible exception of Edwards, but as |ho
had not - touched ; a .ball before this i sea- |
son it was. hardly to be expected that he
would play, up to his gait. y. . .:. . ;-> •; ■■,<■-
For three innings the game was of the i
whirlwind order.; then: ; the Colts T broke I
the ice. Hurdle led off with a double and i
scored on Russell's single. : The latter got !
to third because of "Edwards* failure to j
block his hit. but the next-three men up j
could not get him home. , Pretty fast ball, i
that. -. ;.w,.\. ••;■■-■•-./../ ■■■■I . •-.:'-.■..;...;■-.■: ...
Two more, tallies in the sixth;terminat
ed . the . run-getting.  Schmeer was safe
on Smith's high throw to first, and Har
dies second two-spot put him across th« <
plate. Russell's sacrifice advanced the
infant to second, and after Shea went
out, third to first. Dean rapped out a
pretty single to center, bringing Lou in.
Following is the score:
Oakland— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan. 1 b 4 0 1 1 11 0 0
O'Nell. 2 b 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Moskiman, c. t 4 0 2 0 2 10
Bohme«-r, 8. 8 4 11113 2
Hardie. r. f 4 2 2 0 10 0
Russell, p 4 0 10 0 4 0
Shea, 1. t 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Dean. 3 b 4 0 10 10 2
Peters, c 4 0 2 j> 8 l l
Totals 86 8 10 2 27 11 5
Sacramento— AB. R. BH. Sii. PO. A. E.
Reitz, 2 b 4 0 10 3 8 0
MoHile. c f S 0 1 0 0 0 0
Edwards, r. 1 4 0 0 0 0 12
Caverly, 1 b « 0 0 0 13 0 1
Hoagriand, I. f 4 0 0 110 0
Newbert, 3 b 4 0 0 0 12 0
Sullivan, o 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Smith, s. s 3 0 0 0 2 3 2
Pitt, p 3 0 10 15 0
Totals 31 0 3 1 24 19 5
Runs by Inhings.
Oakland 0 0010200*— 3
Base hits t 0 0 2 13 11 ♦— 10
Sacramento 0 00000000—0
Base hits 0 01001010—3
Two-base hits— Hardle 2. Sacrifice hits—
O'Nell, Russell, Schmeer. McHale. Base on
errors— Oakland 4, Sacramento 4. Bases on
balls— Oakland 1. Sacramento 1. Left on bases
—Oakland 9, Sacramento 5. Struck out— By
Russell 7. by Pitt 2. Hit hy pitcheT— Caverly.
Double plays— Smith. Reltz and Caverly: Mos
kiman to Dean. Passed ball— Peters. Time of
game — One hour and 25 minutes. Umpire— Mc-
Donald. Official scorer— D. N. Knowles.
DEFEATED IN THE EIGHTH.
San Jose Dealt a Solar Plexus
by Pompadour Jim— A
Close Victory.
Hall to Jim; hall to the future Con
gressman from Harlem. To him all glory
Is due. Did he not lay aside his toga and
hie himself to Central Park yesterday
and bat the Olympics to victory? Did
he not with ease of manner accept the
glances of the fair sex and the swift
Bpeedlng ball while playing the Initial
position? Ay, that and more. Cor
bett endeared himself to the baseball en
thusiasts by accepting fourteen chances
without an error, a record that would,
if brought to the notice of his constitu
ents send him to Washington by an
overwhelming majority.
The news that the actor-pugillst-states
man was to appear on the diamond acted
as a lodestone in attracting nearly 3000
of both sexes to the grounds; principally
the fair sex. The latter seemed to have
been carried away with Pompadour Jim's
graces and many were the kindly re
marks that sped toward him. "Isn't he
Just lovely?" "On, he's just too clever
for anything," and so on throughout the
game The tall "Naval Cadet" could not
come to the bat without receiving an
ovation, and when he made a brilliant
play the sound that arose over Central
Park was like a park of artillery saluting
the incoming Spanish flotilla.
As to the game, it was an exhibition of
Corbett, hard-hitting and numerous er
rors all of which was forgiven when
the home aggregation were declared win-
San Jose was afflicted with the biggest
case of hoodoo that has been witnessed
upon the grounds for many seasons.
Starting out with two runs. San Jose
counted on an easy time, but they were
ignorant of the fact that Jim had a rab
bit's foot in his pocket, and to him they
partially owe their defeat. Knell was
first up' for Olympic, and reached first on
a single, and was advanced to second on
McCarthy's fumble. Corbett sent a swift
f rounder to second and White was
orced, Phil coming home on the play.
Steffanl began his presentation of bases
on balls by letting Hilderbrand walk.
Muller then bunted to third and filled the
bags on Foley's error. Bliss flew out to
right, and the moment the ball was cap
tured he flew home, beating the sphere
by aa inch. Johnson then endou the in
ning by going out on a bunt to first.
In tho second Olympic scored another,
and things quieted down till t..e fifth,
when San Jose alighted on Knell's deliv
ery for four long hits, scoring three runs.
Every spare momont of Jim's time was
spent in rubbing the hare's foot in the
hope of changing things, but no fruit was
borne till the seventh, when, by an extra
rub, fortune turned. Johnson was hit hy
Steffani, Scott singled and reached third
on the throw home to catch Johnson.
Rlhith was givpn a life and stole second.
Knell sent a liner to center and Johnson
and Scott scored. White struck out and
then mighty Jim came to bat. Taking a
grip on the ash he vowed to do or die. He
caught a nice low one and raised it over
second and Smith and Knell came home,
tieing the scor^. In his attempt to reach
second Jim was retired.
In the eighth Steffanl suffered some
moro. Scott singled, took third on Smith's
two-bagger and both scored on Knell's
two-cushioned strike over the fence.
In their half of the ninth San Jose tried
to overcome the lead, but the hoodoo was
too great. McGucken reached first on a
hit and was scored on Foley's two-bagger.
Things looked rosy for an extra Inning,
but Greeniger flew out to right, explod
ing the visitors' hopes.
Although striking out seven men Stef
fani pitched a poor game. He repeatedly
hit tho batters or guve them bases on
balls, and to this may be attributed San
Jose's defeat.
Knell pitched a steady game and proved
an easy thing for his opponents. Good
fielding alone saved him. McCarthy eufly
played the star game from his side, while,
next to Corbett, White deserves honor
able mention.
Following is the score:
San Jose— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hanley, 1. f 5 12 0 2 0 0
Hanion. lb 5 3 4 0 9 0 0
McGucken, c. f 6 8 1 1 0 1 0
G. Foley, r. t 5 13 0 10 0
McCarthy, s. s 4 0 1 0 1 6 0
Greeniger. 2b 5 0 2 0 3 0 1
F. Foley, 8b 3 0 0 0 10 2
Kent, c 8 0 0 0 7 2 0
Steffant. p 4 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 89 8 13 1 24 9 3
Olympic— AB. B. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Knell, p 6 2 4 8 0 2 2
White. 2b 3 0 0 13 7 1
Corbett. lb 4 12 0 4 0 0
Hil.lerbradt. c. f....l 0 0 0 1 2 1
Muller, 1. f 6 0 1110 0
Bliss, r. t 6 0 0 0 2 0 1
Johnson. Sb 3 10 0 2 2 0
Scott, c S 3 1 0 2 4 2
Smith. B. ■ 4 S 1 1 2 1 4
Totals 84 9 9 6 17 18 11
Runs by Innings.
San Jose 20003020 I—B
Base hlt« 40014110 2—13
Olympic 2 10 0 0 0 4 2 •— 9
Base hits 1 1100132 •— 9
Runs responsible for— Steffanl, 6; Knell, 5.
Two-base hits— Corbett, McGucken. Knell.
Smith, Hanion. G. Foley. Sacrifice hits— F.
Foley. McCarty. First base on errors— San
Jose. 5; Olympics, 2. First base on called
balls — San Joee, 0; Olympics, 9. Left on
bases— San Jose, 7; Olympics, 13. Struck out—
By Steffanl. 7; by Knell, 3. Hit by pttdher—
Scott. White, Johnson. Hilderbrandt. Double
plays— Knell to White to Corbett; Johnson to
White to Corbett. Passed balls— Kent. Wild
pitches— By Steffanl, 1. Time of game— 2 houra
and 5 mlnuteß. Umpires— Creamer and Levy.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE.
STOCKTON. Asril I— "Stockton 10, San Jom
0," tells the story of the baseball game here
to-day at Ooodwater Grove. It was a fast, ex
citing game all the way through, and only one
error iraa marked up against the home team,
when third baseman %\ hlte made an over
throw to Se'r.a on first and allowed a San
Josean to reach the second station. For seven
Innings only cne mnn reached third. Iberg and
Peters were the battery for Stockton and
Fountain and Ford were the San Jose battery.
Then? was a large attendance. Time of game,
one hour and 35 minutes. The score by innings
follows:
Stockton 0 0 0 0 0 o*3 B—lo
Ban Joee 0 00000000—0
Base hits— Stocktons 11, San Joses 3.
TIGERS DEFEATED.
! FRESNO, April B.— Athletic Park was well
| filled this afternoon at ti.e opening of the base
ball season of IS3S In Fresno, under the aus
pices of the California State League, in a
: game between the San Franclscos and Fresnos.
; The home team is not yet completed, two
| players being unable to arrive in time for to
day's game. Both teams put up good ball, but
the lack of team work in the home team was
i quite In evidence and resulted In its losing
I the game by a score of 8 to 9. Score
Pan Francisco, 9: base hits, 13; errors, 5.
Fresno, 8; base hits, 8: errors, 8. Batteries—
! Brockhoff and Stroecker; Held and Snyder.
♦
Percentage of the Teams.
! The clubs of the California League are even
! ly matchc-d and are wrapping up some high
' c'lars goods for their customers. The men are
rapidly getting into shape, and the only thing
i that prevents veritable slugging contests be
, Ing recorded is the great work of the fielders.
i The standing of the teams is given below:
CXTTB3.
Oik en as;o:!W <J »0
&;= g s = g § i
§~"jM fS t< *• 53.. O
ft? is ■i) 3 • ; »•
: ~p • • : j :
jpj:::: :,
id
ran clsco...
lento
cc.
m
0 0 21.666
0 1 2 .666
1 0 1 .500
0 0 1 .333
.. 0 11.500I 1 . 500
0 .. 01.000
It 1..|....
PACIFIC STATES LEAGUE.
SANTA CRUZ, April 3.— Fully 1500 people
saw the Beachcombers and Oakland 9of the
Pacific States League struggle for supremacy
here to-day. Both teams were in rare form
and put up rattling good ball. Santa Cruz
made Its first run in the second, when Mc
(irath crossed the plate. In the eighth Spider
Fitzgerald went over the rubber with the sec
ond and last run. Oakland scored its only run.
In the eighth. Score 2 to 1. Balsz pitched fof
Santa Cruz and had the visitors at his mercy.
Krug also did excellent work for Oakland.
OUTSIDE THE LEAGUES.
The Occidental Handball Baseball Club
crossed bats with the Marcuse & Remmels at
the Walnut-street grounds, Alameda. The
game was in favor of Alameda. Score 10 to 3.
WATSOXILI-E. April 3.— The Pajaro Valley
Wheelmen Baseball Club defeated the Dol
phins of Santa Cruz here to-day by a score
of 21 to 8. Daubenbiss, the Santa Cruz pitcher,
was batted heavily.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Santa Cruz leads the Pacific States League
with a clean record, while Sacramento, San
Francisco and Olympics havo each won and
lost a game. Oakland and San Jose are at
the bottom of the class with two defeats and
one victory on the balance sheet. Following
is the standing of the tear.ts:
CLUBS.
nuns p ;2 '^
53 s IS 1 §
■ 01 1 a Jil i
£a?: § ? :
n o : : 2. ; :
; f ; ; m • •
'• i iji 0 ;: i
3
i
£
Cruz
nento
we
id
'ranclsco
ics
.1
0
0 1
S:
0 1
I
0 I
0 0 II 1 0
000 0 1
0 0 10 0
001 0 0
0 1 Oi 0 0
_of_oi_i{ o_o
01 H~2|"2| 1[ 1|
Lost
'. ' ' ' "_ m"" — —':-.
TOO MUCH JOHNSON.
SACRAMENTO, April 3.— The Pacific States
League season opened here to-day when the
San Franciscos defeated the Gilt Edge base
ball team by a score of 9 to 7. The game wa«
closely contested throughout and brilliant team
and individual plays were the rule. Johnson,
who pitched for the visitors, while he was
touched up for twelve hits, was very effective
at critical times. The features of the game
were a home run, made by little Drews, and
a wonderful left hand stop by Lockhead. At
tendance 2000. Score:
Gilt Edge 0 0 5 0 2 0 0 0 o—7
San Francisco 2 2 10 0 0 13 o—9
Batteries — Johnson and Drews; Doyle and
Harvey and Stanley. Base hits— San Francisco,
17; Gilt Edge, 12. Home run— Drews. Three
base hits — Riley, Doyle. First base on e.rrors—
San Francisco, 1. First base on balls—John
son, 6; Doyle, 3; Harvey, 2. Left on bases-
Gilt Edge, 9; San Frnnclsco, 10. Struck out—
By Johnson, 3; Doyle, 3; Harvey, 2. Double
plays — Johnson to Drews; Drews to Levy.
Passed Balls — Stanley, 1.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LADTJE-TTIKON
TRANSPORTATION CO.
"GOLD PICK LINE"
--FOR—
COPPER RIVER, JUNEAU,
SKAGUAY, DYEA, via
SEATTLE,
The Fast, Elegant and Completely Refurnished
-. Steamer, . • . .
"MORGAN CITY,"
Capacity TOO ■ Passengers and 2500 . Tons of
• Freight, ' will sail from San Francisco ,- ;
(on her arrival . from ■ New. York) .-;. ■■ -
ONORABOUTAPRILIO
And tike the outside passage for Junew, tiienes to
y : Bksjnay, Dye* and Capper Hirer.
. - In this way the dangers; of ; the Inside pas-*
sage will be avoided. The ."Morgan 1 City".- is
one of ; the ■. finest * Steamers • afloat, r lighted 3 by .
electricity, elegant •-' accommodations, ■• ladies'
boudoirs, special > cabins, ■ grand : salon. ; social
hall, smoking rooms and buffet. Large number
of I handsomely l equipped | bathrooms ■ furnished ■
with •• porcelain : bath * tubs, ~ steam heat; 20,000
candle power searchlights.^ The best table. will
, be . served ■■■ on . the "Morgan •-•* City" ' >■■••• of i.-. any ■
steamer, on this coast. This Beautiful : Steamer
will " later on run between ' San : , Francisco ; and ;
St. , Michael. ,: For freight ! and passage i apply to
-" ; JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO. ; ' '-'
Fuiengsr Office— Market St., San Frtneiiot ; . .
\ Or JOHNBON-LOCSE MERCANTILE CO., ■ '.
Mutual Life Bcuiing, Seattle.
MYSTERY OF A
PISTOL SHOT
Mrs. Shuld, Known as Pearl
Hathaway, Found Bathed
in Blood.
Police Think it May Hays Been an
Attempted Murder, but the
Woman Blames Herself.
Mrs. ■William Schuld, known as Pearl
Hathaway, an employe of the Midway,
on Market street, was wounded by a bul
let on Saturday night. Though it is gen
erally believed she attempted suicide, her
husband is now being held on suspicion
of having shot her in a fit of jealousy.
As soon as the news of the affair came
to the knowledge of the police Detective
Crockett was detailed on the case. He
called at their apartments in a rooming
house at 12 Mason street and unceremoni
ously ordered Schuld to leave his bed and
accompany him to police headquarters.
Mrs. Schuld is in no paxticular danger,
as the bullet entered her hip, causing a
slight flesh wound. Dr. A. P. O'Brien has
attended her and yesterday she was able
to leave her bed and move around her
apartments. In speaking of the affair
last evening. Mrs. fcichuld said:
"I am much worried because tney took
'Billy' out of bed for something he never
did. He is as innocent of the atttempt as
any one. I am the one to blame. I was
despondent and tried to end my existence,
just as I have tried and failed before. I
had a few drinks and they must have
turned my head. The revolver was lying
on a shelf, and I idly picked it un with
no intention in the world of doing what
I did. I had my thumb on the trigger
and snapped the weapon two or three
times, and all of a sudden the pistol went
off. The ball just grazed my hip, and I
fell to the floor groaning. Billy was ly
ing on the bed in a sort of stupor, hav
ing had some gin for the first time in
eight months. He lay there a few min
utes, but hearing me groan he arose and
said, 'Pettie, you're not hurt, are you?'
and lifted me on the bed. He opened my
skirt and found blood stains, and becom
ing frightened he sent for a doctor. I
swear he did not do it, and I am sorry I
caused him this trouble.
"This is about my sixth attempt to com
mit suicide, and I swear I will never do
it again. I tried to kill myself In Sacra
mento when I first bought the re
volver, but did not succeed. Then again,
on Howard street, I took laudanum, but
ray mother relieved me of the poison. I
have in my cups tried to cut my heart out
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OPEN LETTERS FROM
Jennie E. Green and Mrs. Harry
Hardy.
Jehxib E. Green, Denmark, lowa,
Writes to Mrs. Pinkham:
"I had been sick at my monthly
periods for seven years, and tried
almost everything I ever heard of, but
without any benefit. Was troubled
with backache, headache, pains in the
shoulders and dizziness. Through my
mother I was induced to try Lydia B.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and
it has done me so much good. lam
now sound and well."
Mrs. Harry Hardy, Riverside, lowa,
writes to Mrs. Pinkham the story of
her struggle with serious ovarian trou-
ble, and the benefit she received from
the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound. This is her letter:
" How thankful I am that I took
your medicine. I was troubled for
two years with inflammation of the
womb and ovaries, womb was also very
low. I was in constant misery. I had
heart trouble, was short of breath and
could not walk five blocks to save my
life. Suffered very much with my
back, had headache all the time, was
nervous, menstruations were irregular
and painful, had a bad discharge and
was troubled with bloating. I was a
perfect wreck. Had doctored and
taken local treatments, but still was no
better. I was advised by one of my
neighbors to write to you. I have now
finished the second bottle of Mrs. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, and am
better in every way. lam able to do
all my own work and can walk nearly
a mile without fatigue; something I
had not been able to do for over two
years. Your medicine has done t«e
more good than all the doctors."
FREE! FREE! FREE!
FROM TO-DAY until the 11th of
April, to each and every purchaser,
a package of our ,
EASTER EGG DYES.
Consisting of 6 assorted colors.
Also to each and every purchaser
of 50c and over, a
Hand Carved Easter Egg Souvenir!
We have added to our Drug De-
partment a complete line of
. OPTICAL GOODS.
We test your eyes free of charge
. and fit you to eye glasses and spec-
tacles ■ at the ' most reasonable
prices. ■'•
AT THE
WONDER DRUG CO.,
710 Market St., Opp. Call Bldg.,
And 11 Geary St., Bet. Kearny and Grant Aye.
000 O 00000000
%™ PALACE wj
° GRAND HOTELS %
q N SAN FRANCISCO. ji
** ' Connected by a* covered passageway. ***
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. ©
O Aix. Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: Q
D European Plan. 9l. per day and upward -.
v . American P1an. 313. OO per day and upward *»
O Correspondence Solicited. Q
Q JOHN C. KIHKPATBIOK, : Manager. q
000000000000000000
DR.MCNULTY.
rrms .ver,L-Kxow3>: and RKLrABLE olid
X NiMT-ln:lsi rttrr.' l > rlvate,Nervous,H:o.x: and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restore.l. Over i
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free, l'atlenta
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. ; Hours, 9 to 8 -
dally;; 6:30 toB.3o€v\'s. Sandays, 10 to 12. Consalta-
. ■ don free aud sacredly confldeii tial. Cull or address
•"-■"; *. BOSCOE McaiTI.TT, M. »..
26)£ Keaiiur Wtreet. Ban iranciico. rml
Q Visit DR. JORDAN'S Gr*at
ftjm Museum of Anatomy
IPSnii 10511IAEBSTST.i!8t.6ti4 7th, s. ?.
M « H Tte L»rgnt»fliakindinth« World.
1 mm irDß^r JORDAN— Private Diseases.
; IIjWJ a^ii -3 Con«ult»aoii free. Write for Bock ;
v\\ I |r Philosophy of Marriage.
r » fl\ M*itip mcc. :
vJEaiHiMiiiMiHii^nitjw^--* 1
.-. .--- ■■■■■:- ..--...,,.
with a penknife, but only succeeded In
cutting through my corset. I don't want
to go to court, and feel sorry that I at
tempted destruction."
The story told by the arresting officers
is tha Schuld. in a jealous rage, charged
her with trying to discard him for an
other and tried to kill her; that the land
lady came to her rescue and succeeded in
taking the weapon away from Schuld.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
=WAR=
It's war all the time with
us— a continual fight
against exorbitant high
prices on
FURNITURE and
CARPETS.
We have established
the standard of right
prices in our 750-
Mission-st. prices. Visit
us and seeif thisisn'tso.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Two weeks— MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. JAMES A. . .',";-
HERNE,
In his original creation of I"
NATHANIEL BERRY,
In his beautiful comedy drama
SHORE ACRES!
Coming— "NANCY HANKS."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
A BIG HIT.
Win. Jerome's Herald Square Comedians In
the uproariously funny farce,
A Jay In New York.
Latest musical hits. Clever specialties.
Next EDWARD HARRIGAN.
BALDWIN THEATER.
. Second . and last week.
... ANNA HELD . . .
Presenting a : new series of songs, Including
the original animated . song sheet.
In conjunction with , the roaring farce,
•♦A GAY DECEIVER."
Next i Monday— "A Stranger In New
York." :
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco. Sole Lessee and Manager.
Grand Production of Henry Pettifs Great
. Drama,
HANDS
ACROSS
THE SEA!
With a Powerful Cast and Realißtlc Scenlo
Effects.
New Prison Scene, La Roquette, France.
New Harbor Scene, Sydney, Australia.
Great Ocean Steamship Scene, "The Austra-
lasian." .
Beautiful Costumes and Good Comedy.
Evening Prices ... 10, 25. 60c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
From the Folies Bergeres, Paris,
MLLE. BARTHO, • • >:
The beautiful, bewildering, bewitching dan-
seuse.
MANDOLA, Globe Equilibrist; JOHN W.
WEST, Musical Monologuist; MARIAN AINS-
WORTH, ■ Singing Soubrette; the FIVB
WHIRLWINDS, WATSON. HUTCHINGS
and EDWARDS, MONTGOMERY and STONE,
GLISSANDOS, CHAS. T. ELLIS, and others.
Reserved seats, ■ 25c; - balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, 50c. .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. Ernestine Kreltvo^ Proprietor i Manaja.-
- To-night.' By universal desire.
",': ' Balfe's romantic : opera, -
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL!
An 'all star cast, including: •
Slg. Fernando Michelena (specially engaged),
Edwin Stevens, John J. RafTael, I Phil Branson,
Miss Irene Mull.
-. Reappearance of . MISS CARRIE ROMA.
Superb chorus andTmagnlflcent ■ orchestra.
Beginning NEXT - SATURDAY EVfcNINO.
April 9, OUR EASTER BURLESQUE,
"SINBAD THE SAILOR."
Bright/Breezy, Brilliant. . , Grand Ballets,
New Specialties, Novel, Eccentricities, ; Mirth,
Music, Merriment. .Popular Prices, 25 and 50c.
ALCAZAR BEAT p s hßX c
THIS MONDAY .: EVENING. '.
Th« Knights of ; Maccabees' nights. .
■ The screaming farce ■
- - - "JANE!" - - -
The best cast ever seen.
A laugh at * every line. ,
PRICES, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Next — "The Strange Adventures of
Miss -Brown." . :- .
PACING! L RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter . Meeting, 1597-9 S. Beginning MONDAY.
April 4, to April 10 Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. .
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
,, — — RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.——
v Ferry boats leave Sari Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, -1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connect-
ing with .train stopping •; at the "entrance to
track. - Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.,
Returning Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m.. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres.
R. B.MILROY,": Secretary. .-..■..
EXHIBITION OF ANIMAL TRAINING
From 10 a, m. to 2 p. m. Dally at the
.ZOO IN THE CHUTES. •".
FINEST WILD : ANIMALS IX : CAPTIVITY!
PROF. CANIACTS V PERFORMING JAGUAR
. AND LEOPARD, and a host of attractions'. •
Feeding > of the Carnivora at ; 5 and " 10:30 p. . m. "
. Open Daily from 10 a. m. to 11:30 p. m.
10c to All, including Zoo; etc. 'Children, sc. '
■ CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings. •
HI VMPIA :; Corner of Msson and
■UL * 11llfX A ; ... .. Eddy Street*. .. ,. .
America's most beautiful .music hall. ■ Great-
est ; free bill In the world. MLLE. ADEDITA,
Spanish Dancer: CLIFFORD JACKLIX.- Great
DOLLY i PAXTON, balladlst. and ten others.
Tenor; MAE TUNISON. • operatic • selection*;
{ House heated. :' Admission ' free. *-*.?{
56
FOSSES ARE
WORKING IN
THE DARK
Have Lost Trace of
Regan and His
Companions.
Believe They Are Still
Heading lor Fresno
Flats.
Two Noted Man Hunters Join
in the Pursuit of the
Pair.
REGAN SEEN IN MERCED.
Visit* a Oanoa Hall, but Leaves
When a Law Officer
Appears.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED, April o.— The peace offi
cers of nearly every county in the San
Joaquin Valley are doing their utmost
to establish the identity of the myste
rious confederate cf Cliff Regan, the
Cross Creek train-robber. The move
ments of every known ex-convict, crim
inal or suspicious character within fifty
miles of where the crime was commit
ted are being traced, and unless Re
gan's companion is unknown to the
peace officers of this vicinity the Sher
iffs and their assistants hope soon to be
able to tell who the mysterious robber
is. The identity of the man would help
the officers in their effort to capture
the pair.
The posses on the trail of the bandits
to-day gained no further information
of the whereabouts of the pursued men.
It is thought, however, that they are
still in the vicinity of Schultz Mountain,
but that they are traveling slowly dur
ing the nights toward Fresno Flats,
where Regan has many friends who,
the officers believe, would be disposed
to befriend them and assist them to es
cape the law. Many of the residents of
thai district have no love for the South
ern Pacific Railroad and a person who
destroys any of that corporation's prop
erty and gains a few dollars by theft at
the same time is considered little short
<>f a hero.
F. T. Griffith and James Collins, two
'.■■: experienced man-hunters, joined in the
chase after the robbers to-day. Grif
fith is the crack rifle and wing shot of
■the San Joaquin Valiey and he is eager
f"r the opportunity to draw a bead on
either or both of the hiding men. Grif
. fith has a reputation of being able to
shoot quickly and with accuracy.
Regan has no fear of bullets while
'•;: he holds a weapon and has a ghost of
a show of winning a fight. The first
"time he ran foul of the criminal law he
grave battle to the arresting officers and
quit only when he had emptied one pis
'.ol and the other was shot from his
.. nand. He was then only a lad of 18
»ears. He has gained in courage and
rriminal skill since then, and the pur
suing officers expect that some of their
number will be sent across the divide
before the outlaws are caught.
The sorrel horse that the robbers had
': .vhen they were seen a few hours before
. :he hoid-up by Supervisor Ellis of Tv
: lare has been found. It strayed into a
ranch barnyard about twelve miles
.-south of Fresno the second day after
. :he robbery, tired and having the ap
. \ of having been driven a long
• ■way and at a fast gait.
..- Regan was in Merced on the night of
the fourth day after the robbery. He
was seen by Mrs. Joseph Tucker, the
wife of the keeper of a dancehall, who
/knew the robber. He entered the place
■ .at about midnisrht when the barroom
was deserted and walked up to the
•;. counter. He had hardly got into the
place 'when another man, a stranger
'■:.\.\JO Regan, entered the room. Regan
... walked away from the bar to the wall
:.•'• and watched closely every move of the
stranger, with his hands deep In his
overcoat pocket. A few minutes later
? a town constable entered the barroom.
As soon as Regan saw the officer he
.'• pulled the rim of his hat down over his
face and slunk away. Regan was not
./"generally suspected of being one of the
train-robbers at the time, though the
■/' officers wanted him for numerous
"'• crimes.
Mrs. Tucker mentioned the fact of
'.'■"" Regan's visit to the dancehall to her
iv.sband that night, but until to-day
:he officers were kept in ignorance of it.
HILL PLACED IN
THE DEATH CHAMBER.
Doomed to Hang on Wednesday, but
Expects to Be Granted a
Reprieve.
PAN QUBNTIN, April 3.— Benjamin J.
. Hill, the Oakland wife murderer, who is
■ to be executed here next Wednesday, was
■ -,' taken from his cell in Murderers' Row
" . and placed In the death chamber this
' ■ afternoon. Hill has exhibited no fear and
." devotes himself to religious work. He
had nothing to say this afternoon when
\. he was summoned to prepare for the
V journey to the top floor of the old furni
ture factory, where the gallows stands
ready to receive him in the room adjoin
ing the death cell. He carried his Bible
with him. Guards Jones and Abrogast
■ will act as the death watch.
While in Murderers' Row, Hill organ
ized a Bible class among the condemned
men confined there. He hopes to either
receive a reprieve or a commutation of
sentence at the hands of Governor Budd,
ar.d his friends are working to stay the
execution.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\\l//^ The Official
- Inspectors
// 1 \ x of Japan
critically examine every pound of
Japan Tea
offered for shipment. They \\ / ,
insist that all tea shipped vM
must be pure and of high quality. y»
A cup of Japan Tea "in-. I
vigsrates in the morning , \\
and refreshes at night. . *•♦ '
All good . AY*"mI '
grocers *^s^ >..
sell it. ; *
REMAINS OF
ENOS LAID IN
THE VAULT
Services Once More
Held Over His
Body.
It Was the Widow's Turn
and Mrs Snyder Was
Not Present.
Orders Issued to Have Her
Refused Admittance to
the House.
THEY WILL GO TO COURT.
A Bitter Fight Expected— How Perry
Sears Fared at the Hands or
His Sister.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SONOMA, April 3.— For the second
time prayers were said over the body
of John S. Enos, and once again friends
assembled around his coffin, but still
the man is not yet buried. He lies in
the city vault of Sonoma, while the
widow and the other woman fight over
his bones, and not until the courts have
finally decided who shall have the
corpse will he be allowed the rest of the
grave.
There were perhaps twenty-five or
thirty people to follow the hearse, most
of them friends of Mrs. Enos; on the
former occasic n there were as many at
the house of Mrs. Snyder, most of them
friends of Mrs. Snyder, but this time
there was a funeral procession as well
as funeral ceremonies, and so Mrs.
Enos is one point ahead.
The funeral services were set for
half-past 12 to-day, and at that time
there were more people waiting around
outside than entered the house of the
undertaker where the body lay. There
was a suspicion that Mrs. Snyder
would attend the funeral, and it was
known to many that if she appeared
she would not oe allowed in the house.
She was not there, however, and the
services passed off without any un
pleasant Incident. Rev. Charles E.
Chase of the local Congregational
church said a few short prayers at the
house, and then there were a few more
at the vault; the niche for the coffin
was closed, and the widow and her
daughter took the afternoon train for
San Francisco. That was all. but it
was only after invoking the aid of the
law that the widow secured even that
The first funeral services were held
, at Mrs. Snyder's house last Friday, but
lan injunction from the Santa Rosa
! court stopped any attempt at burial;
Mrs. Enos had thereby secured posses
sion of the body for one day, and in
that day she laid away the remains of
i her husband herself.
On the completion of the fight in the
i courts there will very likely be another
! funeral, but when that fight will ter
i minate is a question no one can an
! swer. Neither woman will surrender
! except under legal compulsion, and
both are ready to fight as long as the
courts will let them.
In Mrs. Snyder the widow has an ene
my who has shown a vindictiveness
which at one time aroused the country
round and caused the somewhat unus
ual spectacle of a town turning out
with a brass band to welcome home a
man who had been acquitted of the
charge of murder.
The man was Perry Sears, a brother
of Mrs. Snyder, and It was not her fault
he was not» hanged. He had killed a
man named Reibli who had leased from
Mrs. Snyder a ranch upon which Perry
Sears had lived and from which she
evicted him. The ranch was owned by
Sears and his sister, and just before the
depression In the wine market six or
spven years ago he filled his cellars
with wine and held it for a raise
against the advice of his sister: he
would not sell, and finally she fore
closed a mortgage she held on the place
and then rented it to Reibli. Reibli
came to take possession and Sears
drove him from the ranch. He came
back, and meeting Sears made at him
with a pitchfork, whereupon Sears shot
him dead.
Sears was tried for murder and was
i acquitted on the ground of self-defense,
but all through the trial Mrs. Snyder
was the prosecutor and It was a lawyer
hired by herself who conducted the case
and fought to have the prisoner hanged.
! On his acquittal Sears went back to his
, old home in Sonoma, and the whole
town turned out to meet him. There
'' was blowing of horns and shooting of
anvils and the brass band of the town
met the guest at the station and es
corted him to his house, where there
was more celebrating. In the mean
1 while Mrs. Snyder was burned in effigy.
There will be the same bitterness in
the battle for the body of Enos, unless
years have worked a change In the wo
l man for whom he left his home. If
Mrs. Snyder would bury the man with
I his own people the widow would be
j willing to let it be done by her. but
Mrs. Snyder will put the body with her
own dead if the court gives it to her,
and because of that the fight will be a
j bitter one.
LORD HILLINGDON DIES
SUDDENLY IN CHURCH.
Was Chairman of the Committee of
London Clearing House
Bankers.
LONDON, April 3.— Lord Hillingdon
(Charles Penry Mills) chairman of the
Committee of London Clearing House
Bankers, died suddenly in church at Wil
ton to-day. He was born in IS3O, was the
son of the late Sir Charles Mills, Bart.,
and was elevated to the peerage in ISXG.
He was a partner in the well-known
banking house of Glynn. Mills & Co.
Dr. Scott Elected Moderator.
VISALIA, April 3.— The fifty-fifth an
nual session of the Tulare Presbytery of
the Cumberland Presbyterian Church has
adjourned after a most successful con
vention of five days. A large number of
preachers and prominent members of the
church from Kern, Tulare, Kings and
Fresno Counties were present and much
important business was transacted. Rev.
G. W. Scott of the Antelope Church. Tu
lare County, was elected moderator for
the ensuing year. The next session of
the presbytery will be held at Fresno.
The Miowera at Victoria.
VICTORIA, April 3.— The steamship Mi
owera arrived this afternoon from Hono
lulu and Australlasia, bringing 130 pas
sengers bound for Klondike. She left
Sydney on March 7. being delayed about a
week after her scheduled sailing date,
owing to changes in the management of
the Canadian-Australian Steamship Com
pany.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1898.
ALASKA FEVER
NOW ABATING
A Comparatively Small
Number Depart on
the Valencia.
Peculiarities Connected With
the Arrival of the
Schooner Inca.
Hulk of the Bark Almy Shifting
About — New Ferry Building
Opened — Stray Notes.
It Is not to be wondered at that those
who have invested their money in the
Alaskan transportation business are
somewhat alarmed over the outlook. The
rush for the gold fields seems to have in
a great measure abated, as was witnessed
in the sailing of the steamer Valencia
yesterday for Seattle and Copper River
points. On her last trip the steamer took
over five hundred passengers. Yesterday
forty first-class and seventy-three steer
age passengers embarked for Copper Riv
er. Portage Bay, Resurrection City and
other points. Eight took passage for
Seattle. On board also were eighty-one
fishermen, who will go to the Orea can
neries, and sixty Chinese, bound for the
same place. Six hundred tons of freight
were taken on board, as well as a number
of mules and a cow. At Seattle the
steamer will be boarded by a Government
expedition bound for Copper River to
prospect for a suitable route into the Yu
kon district. The steamer is sent out by
the Pacific Steam Whaling Company. She
sailed from the new Folsom-street wharf
at 4:15 p. m., a large crowd witnessing the
departure.
For the first time the schooner Inca en
tered this bay yesterday afternoon. She
is the only five-masted and five-topmast
ed schooner that has ever been in port.
The Lewis is the only other five-masted
schooner on the coast, and has fewer
topmasts than the Inca, The cargo of the
Inca consisted of 31,763 bags of sugar, no
small item in itself, the first cargo of su
far that has gone to the new refinery at
'ort Costa. Shortly afterward the bark
entine Planter, also from Honolulu with
a cargo of sugar, followed the Inca to
Port Costa.
The new lightship. No. 70, was towed
over from the outfitting point at Goat :
Island yesterday by the Madior.o and i
moored at Union-street wharf. Next
Thursday the lightship will be taken to
the spot where the whistling buoy is now
located and anchored. All her future pro
visions will be received through the me
dium of the lighthouse tender Aiadrono.
According to orders the monitor Monad
nock steamed to Mare Island yesterday
morning to go on the drydock and be sup
plied with ammunition. It is asserted \
that the monitor will go to Norfolk as i
soon as she is ready for the trip.
The British bark Dominion, with a car- <
go of coal, consigned to J. J. Moore & Co.,
reached here last evening, 101 days from
Newcastle, N. S. W. Considerable anxi- !
etjr had been felt by those interested over
the fate of the vessel, and her safe arrt- :
val will relieve the tension. The Drum
mulr arrived about the same time. She
is also from Newcastle with a cargo of
coal.
The steamer George Loomls, from Yen- '
tura, reached here yesterday and reports !
that at 7 a. m. the remains of the bark |
Helen W. Almy were passed about a mile
southwest of Point Pedro. The hulk was
reported to be standing upright and bear
ing the appearance of a sloop. This is ,
good evidence that the hulk of the wreck
ed vessel is constantly shifting about and i
must be removed or destroyed soon or it :
will become a serious menace to naviga- ;
tion.
The schooner Hattie I. Phillips brought
from New York to enter the Klondike i
trade and chartered to carry lumber for '
a short period, made the trip here from
Astoria in four days, arriving with a car- j
go of lumber yesterday. This is remark- '■
ably fast time for a schooner, and espe
ctauy so in this case, where her captain >
is unfamiliar with the topography of the
seacoast.
I'ncle Sam's monitor, the Monterey,
was crowded with a large number of cu
riosity seekers yesterday, all eager to
view one of the warships that are expect
ed to blow Spain's navy out of the waters j
of the earth. A peculiar fact is, that i
not a man on board wearing the uniform
of a seaman is not eager for war — not so
much on account of what has happened,
as one of them expressed it, but "because
them treacherous cusses always did de
serve a good lickin", and we axe the ones
as can do it, too."
The tug Vigilant was placed on th«
Merchants' drydock yesterday morning.
Captain Silovich is proud of his speedy !
boat and takes good care that nothing in i
her condition shall ever cause her to take
a back seat for "any of 'em."
The schooner Thomas Negus sailed for
Cooks Inlet Saturday and came back yes
terday, after going a short distance up
the coast. Some forgotten supplies
caused the return.
The new ferry building received its ini
tial usage by passengers yesterday. A
large number of people who went on a
§leasure excursion around the bay and to
chuetzen Park, as well as passengers for
Tibiiron. were permitted to pass through
the grand nave of the structure.
TUBNEBS' EXHIBITION.
Gymnastic and Musical Entertain
ment of the San Francisco
Turners.
The annual exhibition of the San Fran
cisco Turners yesterday afternoon and j
evening at the Turk-street hall was a !
success in every detail. In the afternoon |
the members of the boys' class, gym- |
nasts who have not yet cast off the
ehrysalffl of extreme youth, entertained
their friends by miscellaneous gymnastic
and acrobatic performances. The boys
were divided into twelve grades, and
prizes were bestowed vpon the. winners
of each lot.
The evening was quite another story, i
A programme, musical and gymnastic,
won the unremitting applause of the well
filled auditorium. There were fifteen
numbers altogether, and the turners in
three branches of gymnastics displavefl
their corrugated muscles to the best ad
vantage. The Turners' male chorus sang
several selections with strong Teutonic
choruses. A violin- solo by A. Trost and
a flute solo by H. Mueller were well re
ceived. The final numbers brought out i
the physical skill of the Turners in box- I
ing. fencing, wrestling and broadsword ,
play. Those who specially figured in this !
work of muscle were F. Hoffman. E. :
Fleischer, W. Hinz. T. Planz. H. Berg
mann. J. Hoops, H. Mueller and J. Ro
senstein.
The entertainment concluded, the Tur
ners gave themselves up to the light fan
tastic toe, tripping it merrily to a late
hour.
In JAIL FOR CONTEMPT.
The Klamathon Lumbermen Arrive
in Charge of the United States
Marshal.
Deputy United States Marshal Moffltt,
who went to Klamathon. Slsklyou County,
on Saturday to execute an attachment Is
sued out of the Circuit Court, returned
yesterday morning, having in charge fif
teen of the men for whom he went. They
are: J. H. Layman, Norman Campbell,
Ed Campbell, J. Van Landingham, J. F
Plunkett, Peter Lium, Albert Pankinin,
Frank S. Martin, William Harming, Andy
Davis, E. A. Fair. Nils Monaon, Torn Mc-
Incrney, H. I. Small and John Doe, alias
Big Swede.
They were locked up in the County Jail
and will be brought before Judge Morrow
this morning to be dealt with for disobey
ing an order of the court issued by Judge
Morrow in the suit of the Pokegama Mill
ing and Lumber Company against the
Klamath River Lumber and Improvement
Company. Their bonds have been fixed
at $1000. The men were engaged in hold
ing the mill property by force of arms.
This arrest, added to others in the same
matter, brings up the total to twenty
seven.
To Cure Headache in 15 Minutes.
Dr. Davis* Anti-Headache. All Druggists.*
NATIONAL
GUARD NOTES
Much Enthusiasm Pre
vails in the Guard at
This Time.
Major Diss, Inspector First
Er.gade, Has Ideas About
the "Red Book."
Too Much Talking in the Ranks at a
Battalion Drill— The Naval
Militia Recruiting.
The war fever 1b at Its height among
the National Guard members in San
Francisco, and should war be declared
the First Regiment of Infantry, Colonel
James F. Smith commanding, having al
ready offered Its services, as announced
In The Call of yesterday, will be ready
to move to the front at short notice.
The First, with pardonable pride, wants
to be the first to represent the State of
California In the field, and If orders
should come to have It move Influence
will be brought to bear to have it sent
to some point where It will be able to
demonstrate that it can make a record
for Itself and show that the men who
are enlisted within its ranks are a little
more than "tin soldiers."
Reports from other parts of the State
show that there Is as much enthusiasm
In ever>' organization as there is in the
First Infantry, and that there will be no
shirking should there be a call for men.
While the division commander is re
maining silent as to the guard of the
State and what is being done in the mat
ter of preparation, he is quietly, to use j
his own language, "gathering the various
strings in order to discover the status
of the guard." It is the opinion
of those interested, that as soon
as he has picked up all the strings the
major-general will, war or no war, place
the guard on a footing that will not be
excelled by the guard of any State in the j
Union.
The appointment of Major William A. j
Halstead, commissary on the staff of the
brigadier-general of the Second Brigade, j
as ordnance officer on the staff of the
division commander, with rank of lieu
tenant-colonel, vice William Edwards,
resigned and returned to the retired list, '
has not yet been officially announced, but ,
the major has accepted, and it will not
be long before he will have the right to
wear two silver oak leaves on his shoul
der straps.
Attorney J. J. Dwyer, who has been of- |
fered the position of judge advocate on j
the staff of the division commander, with
the rank of lieutenant-colonel, still has
the offer under consideration. His hesi- :
tancy in the matter is uncertainty to be
able to devote the time from his business
to attend to the duties of the office as |
he would wish to. He stated that should
be accept the offer at this time he would j
feel it his duty to accompany the division !
commander on his tour of inspection
through the southern part of the State |
during the month of May, but that bust- \
ness engagements will prevent him from ,
so doing. He was informed that the j
offer will remain good until after the re- [
turn of the division commander.
PRINTED ORDERS AGAIN.
It is understood that the next orders
from general headquarters will be print
ed and will supersede the unsightly and
unmilitary mimeographed documents
that have been sent out for some time. |
That tm one stev in advancement, and I
i now there is some hope that an effort !
will be made to bring about a revision of
the "Red Book," the vade mecura of ,
i every National Guardsman. This book.
' however, is not considered of any value, ,
i because a reading of it produces "confu- i
sion worse confounded." Major J. \\ . F.
! Diss. Inspector of the First Brigade, in
I one of his reports has the following on
! this subject:
Another source of perturbation to officers
and men is the volume of rules and regula
tions of the National Guard of California,
know as the '-Red Book." Of all combinations
of misinformation they have to contend with
this is unquestionably the worst. It is a com
plete compendium of military inaccuracy, sup- j
plemented by a mass of obsolete and useless
precautions, " rules and regulations formulated |
by successive adjutants general and added to
what there was before they came into office.
On every seven out of ten pages there are
rules prescribed for guidance which are dia
metrically opposed to the regulations of the
army— which should be the rule of conduct as
far as practicable. Sections of the Political
Code relative to the National Guard, which
have been amended over and over again, are
I side by Bide with instructions for inspections
j based on General Upton's tactics. Descriptions
of uniforms long since superseded, find place
side by side with rules which cannot be ap
plied in view of orders which have subse
quently been Issued. Men who are anxious to
learn what the laws are touching the National
Guard and what rules and regulations are
prescribed are continually led astray by the
perusal of this volume. All this militates
against discipline and good order, and I
would recommend now that we have attached
to the staff of the commander-in-chief, an
officer of the regular army, that he be made
the president of a board to completely revise
the rules and regulations governing the serv
ice In California, to the end that officers and
men alike may be intelligently educated. The
State owes it to them that they be properly
Instructed and informed in a legitimate and
business-like manner.
The views of Major Diss have been con- ,
firmed by every officer in the guard who
feelfl the slightest interest in its upbuild- :
ing. but no Board of Revision was ap- ;
pointed by the Commander-in-Chief. ©or j
has the "officer of the regular army."
Who is Captain F. de L. Carrington of the ;
i First Infantry, IT. S. A., been called upon ,
I to act in the capacity suggested. It has
been recently suggested by officers and :
men who would like to have a good guide !
book that as the Division Commander is i
■ a lawyer, well versed in political and mil
itary law, and Captain Carrlngton is well
versed in rules and regulations govern
ing the United States army, they might
With a little assistance from some of the !
bright military men. such as Lieutenant- j
! Colonel Giestlng. Assistant Adjuiar.t
1 General on Brigadier-General Warfleld's '
staff, put the 'laws, rules and regulations j
: in a comprehensive shape and that the i
United States army inspector of the '
' guard could, between inspections, devote '
some time to a revision of the work. If
that were done there would not be any
occasion for remarks such as were made
in loud tones at the recent inspection of j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Salsa 0ver6,000,000 Boxes
FOB BILIOUS AND NEEVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pafn in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costireness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. FriKlnful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
TEE PIRST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
•will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And hare the
LARGEST SALE
•f any Patent Medicine In the World.
36c. at all Drug Stores,
Companies C and G at the Ellis-street
•armory. On many sides were expressions
as the following: "Ah, here's Carring
ton. It's the lirst time he's been here
since the inspection a year ago," and
"Wonder what he's been doing all the
time?"
THAT BATTALTOX DRILL.
The night drill last Monday by a bat
talion of the First Infantry, under com
mand of Major Hugh T. Sime, was a far
mpre effective one, in the matter of prac
tice, than drills usually had on Van Ness
avenue, where the pavement is smooth
and the evolutions are few and simple.
The four companies were marched to the
Market-street cut, where Company B was
detached to make an ascent over Reser
voir Hill with a view to secure a position
at the western end of the cut and pre
vent two of the other companies from
passing through the cut. Owing to the
roughness and unevenness of the ground,
the men of two companies were forced
to trail through the cut. single file, Indian
fashion, while the other company went
around by the right of the hill to take
up a position on Webster street near
Waller. Company B was started over the
hill in double time and were in position
to stay the advance of the two companies
marching through the cut. Had it been a
real engagement they held such an ad
vantageous position that it would have
be»n almost impossible to reach them,
and two companies would, in an endeavor
to retreat, have been under a heavy and
deadly fire. Company B's movement was
well executed and shows that the com
mander has good ideas in the matter of
selecting an advantageous position. The
four companies were then taken to a
large vacant lot west of Steiner street,
and In their march went over and under
fences and finally reached a spot where
the ground was very uneven and in many
places obstructed by loads of cobbles and
asphalt dumped upon it. Upon this ground
there was a line of skirmishers, supports
and reserves, and there was advance and
retreat with firing: at various distances
and in the three positions. The majority
of the movements were well executed,
but there was one, probably arising from
a misunderstanding of orders, that in
actual service would have been disas
trous to Company D. On the order to the
re/ir that company was in the advance,
and when called to halt was ordered to
fire standing and at the time the reserve
was ordered to halt and fire. Some one
saw the error and gave the order "Cease
firing," and in a few seconds the correct
orders were given. The men turned out
in good numbers and did well except In
one respect, from the standpoint of a
soldier. That was that in the execution
of the several movements there was too
much talking. Instead of acting on
orders from the superior officers, many
men in the ranks would endeavor to ins
truct their side comrades in loud tones
how they understood the movements and
how they should be executed. The result
was that instead of there being one com
mand there were dozens in each company.
THE TARGET PRACTICE.
It is stated that the long-expected
meeting of regimental inspectors of rifle
practice will be held within a few days
under the direction of Colonel Park Heh
shaw, inspector-general of rifle practice.
At that meeting there will be an effort
made to unravel the tangle into which
the guard has got in the matter of tar
get practice, and that rules will be pro
mulgated so as to enable the men to
shoot at stated periods that the law says
they shall shoot.
Lieutenant Heller, inspector for the
Fifth Regiment Infantry, being absent
from the State on a sixty-day leave. Cap
tain D. A. Smith, adjutant of the regi
ment, is acting inspector and will attend
the meeting.
THE FIFTH REGIMENT.
According to regimental orders No. 3,
forty-one men were discharged from the
service during the month preceding
March 24. Twenty-five on account of re
moval, ten at expiration of term of serv
ice, five for the good of the service and
one by death. Of this number there
were 2 from Company A. 1 from B, 16
from C. 2 from E, 5 from F, 7 from G
and 3 from H.
Corporal Louis W. Kohler. Company E,
has been appointed sergeant. Privates
S. B. Claypool and E. E. Shields to be
corporals of the same company.
A furlough for ninety days has been
granted to Privates J. Dawson and P.
Treaton of Company D.
Private Howard D. Rogers of Company
E. recently discharged from Company E,
has been returned without loss of time
THE NAVAL MILITIA.
One of the matters that occupy the at
* ■;, ADVEBTISEMENTS.
fidwr
HEALTH
| STIIE WORKING CAPITAL OFHUMANITY
* He who loses that is wrecked indeed. . Is your
health falling you? Your strength, ambition.
Tigor. vitality wasting away?
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET STREET
. . San Francisco, Cal.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONIC
Diseases of Men and Women. •
Vnilllfa HEM Unnatural drains caused
I UUIIU HI CII ■ through errors of youth
- or excesses, quickly and permanently stopped.
He restores lost vigor and vitality to
WE Alf If Ell Organs of the body which
If LHI\ Ml bill have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or indiscre-
tions are restored to full power, strength and vigor
through his new and original system of treatment
PHDTIIE3E cv . red b >' his new method,
nUI I If Ilk without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and permanent cure.
V ADIPfIPEI C hvdrocele, swelling and
I Alt IbUuCLCI tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing ; success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
in any of its stages thoroughly eradicated frcm
the system.
UfllCC win recP ' ve special attention for all
LftlllCd their many ailments.
CONSULTATION FREE Wsr
WRITE if you cannot call. A valuable book
••Guide to Health," free F. L. SWEANY, M. D
717 Market St, op. Grant At., San Francisco. Cal
B2OfFET i
IS THE PROPER DISTANCE
AT wHkH a Hormaleye SHOULD clearly
OISTIriGUISH LETTER!) % °f AH iHCH LONG.
CALL and HAVE y°llß EYES TESTED
"*fc FREE of CHARGt. -;|r *•
OpTl^aHs *n» p^T°^sjpp^
642 MARKET ST.
OHDER C+tßON'Cl* Situ n.Mfi;
I" when " unwell," for . pains, . obstructions^
I and irregularities peculiar to the sex. v£TV -:
: , c Recommended ;by i the leading French ?
bpectahstsfor diseases of women • Supe- ;
, nor to Tansy, Pennyroyal and injurious:
' drugs One bottle of Apioline Capsules
„ lasts three month*. r Sold by all druggists,
} | or by mail. $ Box 2081, Nl Y. Post Office.
: AM. T^iH ESS, .> ■
• MOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNSY-AT LAW, 5 :
Tenth Floor, Room 1015^Clau« I Spreckels Bids.
r;. .-x. "»r Telephone Brown ■ 93L ".!"■-, ;..
Residence. 821 California street, below Powell.
Ban Francisco. ■;.-,. :: ■ ■ - ...,.-. - - . .- -• ■ -
tention of the officers of the naval mili
tia at this port ai present is the secur
ing of available men to fill the ranks of
the two divisions so as to be able to
make a good showing if called upon by
the Navy Department. There are a num
ber of young men willing to join the two
divisions if they can be assured that tney
will be put into actual service.
Last Tuesday night one division drilled
on the wharf in front of the Marion. It
was gun drill with the Hotchkiss gun.
At the same time the other division was
drilling on the Marion.
Last Friday tho commissioned officer?
received a lesson in navigation from
Nautical Expert J. T. McMillan of the
Hydrographic Office of the United States
navy. The officers have passed the state
when the lessons consist of only dry fig
ures, and are now being instructed on
the chart, and the study, instead ot be
ing monotonous, is very interesting
as well as beneficial to ...e students.
PETALUMA. April 2.-A large audience
assembled at Armory Hall last Wednes
day evening to witness the annual mus
ter and inspection of Company C, Fifth
Regiment. Major Charles Jansen. brig
ade inspector, was the officer conducting
the inspection, assisted by Captain F de
ADVERTISEMENTS. ____^_
•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+©+•+•+•+©+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•
I CITY OF PARIS.)
J DRY GOODS COMPANY. 5 [
I BLACK DRESS GOODS ! \
I EXCEPTIONAL VALUES Jt
+ JUST OPENED I •
I — — — |f?
<; At 75c Yard. J
+ 2100 Bards 44-INCH FIGURED ALPACA. o
+ At $1.00 Yard. •
+ 1475 uarfls FANCY JACQUARD and LIZARD SUITINGS,, fj
+ At $1.50 Yard. •
? 1620 yards NOVELTY PIEROLA CLOTH, In raised effects. ±
? Atsl/7S Yard. A •
1500 yards MOHAIR CREPONS and MERSERETTA CLOTHS, +
9 Special importation of High-class Novelties in PARIS BEN- #
+ GALINES, GRENADINES, SILK AND WOOL CREPONS, from +
• $2.00 to $5.00 pep yard, j •
• \. COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. •
• DRESSMAKING and TAILOR-MADE SUITS a specialty. •
J Visit our New and Elegant MILLINERY DEPARTMENT. +
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, ?
•*■ SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. 2
• . UNION SQUARE. 0
•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+• -*-«>^ * J -*>-»-*H-»+»+»+»+»+»+»+»+6
[mnom or
/Jfl if .SSMSsSRsBa&i^- TRANSPORTATION— Continued.
'-JMo^^^/ TRAVELERS TO DAWSON
WWgKWyYUJVgMW^X Via DYEA and SKAGfAY can arrange to
tSplB > iWir"^BvTM have their provisions sent via Pt. Michael
fWffftx v xf^SSSJn^ and the Yukon Riv 'er. by applying to
fV/Q^m ALASKA-YUKON
H-^^MF TRANSPORTATION CO.,
/^K^^^^^^i 3 STEUART ST -» San Francisco. Cal.
7/l^^Br V^^9?V BIRCH Ci-^ek district: now nearly deserted
7/ I *• Vw l~^^J owing to lack of food; larger and Just as rich
Iff .///*Jw "-^T* * as Klondike: produced about $5,000,000; isoox
l'\Jn.l/vt* IS? feet : our new modern steamer. ' Allca
HfN&f ?' X v B * Ops there scln * t0 Daw *on City; our
I WAY *°°* free Alaska Transportation Co 224
'' ■' Montgomery st. opp. Russ House.
__' TRANSPORTATION.
"Z KOTZEBUE SOUND SOLD FIELDS, '
J It, ALASKA.
JjS BARK MERMAID
JfT^rt LEAVES MAY Ist. ■:..;
J^caajO . PASSAGE $200
..Jgy Space allowed for IV4 tons bag-
JjgiiKjlti gage for each passenger.
&S~=gt*''^ f Of lice M California Ft
■rx^^^r- HENRY L. BORDEN, Gen. Mgr. ;
"*" ' CAPT. WICKS.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING and
TRADING co.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, 1898. Fare,
Including 2500 pounds baggage or freight, $200.
Passengers will apply early to LYNDE it
HOUGH CO.. 40 California st.. San Francisco, f
or to A. H. Herriman. general manager, 201 ;
Front St., Ban Francisco.
SUMMER
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
■ . ■ ■ «
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH -RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral. Tub, Vapor {
and ■ Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE, j
Many improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing. Tennis. Bowling, Billiards, Croquet.
Handball.- Shuffleboard, Livery and Burros for
the children. -' ■-■-■■.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping ; cottages, $3 to $7 per
, week. .-;..»'- :.•■-;•.'. .' ..■ -
Call or address . :
- BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
jgaSSKSfisSSS 22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County. Cal.
- Pamphlets mailed free.
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
This group of springs has attained a national
reputation for the curative powers of its min-
eral waters, •: in >a • wider , ; range of human dis-
eases than that of any known Mineral Springs
in this or any other country.
LONGWOOD
FRUIT FARM. AN IDEAL OUTING PLACE.
■', City i references. Send ' for illustrated : pam-
:•'- phlet. Address G. rM. BHOULTS & BON,
Napa, Cal.
ieneral.of the Second Brlgaae . company
as SA^aass^^^
PhUlips ana Stockdale.. acquHt in|- them^
° Company C I. one of the few companies
in the P State which has a^rill in physical
exercises, and the P lcke^ "'VTv Dleased
Captain Maclavs nraers X;.*"'> fh c in
well pleased, as was also .Colony u.^
Fairbanks. A social .- hop . concluaea^ne
evening's entertainment, and fortunately
made itself decidedly felt OnMnnna>
made itself so decidedly felt. Onm naay
evening next the election of °™«!™ ££
the company for the ensuing two > e £™
will take place, and there is much ex
citement among the members The com
pany has had an increase in its memDer
ship, caused presumably by *£* jaVvelv
and members, old and new, show a lively
interest in their work. >>• **■•■■*"
GAS ENGINES.
UNION GAS^NGINTco;
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
P. & B. PRODUCTS. .
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER~and~P *~iT"
READY ROOFING, sold by all flrst-claj« deal
ere. are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable in price and easy to transport. Ther
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINE PAINT CO.. 11l Battery
st. Tel. No.. Main 1788.
SLEDS. BOATS. ETC
ARCTIC sleds. Arctic dogs, Yukon bo*.^
pilot maps to the Klondike. Alaska outflwP
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood: 50 boat* can b«
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS. 71S Third
st. 'Phone Red 2361.
RESORTS
01/IPPO HOT SPKI >"«*. Sonoma
\l II 1111 l\ County: only 4l * hours from S."
VIinUUVF. and but 9 miles staging— a
feature of the trip; new 12- passenger coaches;
water noted for medicinal virtue: best natural
bath in State: swimming and boating— new fea-
ture; many other Improvements; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate— fogs; good
trout streams at door: telephone, telegraph
dally mall, express: FIRST-CLASS SERVICE:
morning . and afternoon stages connect with
trains for S. 'F. ; round trip from S. ■F. only
$5 60; Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m.
Terms $2 a day or $12 a week. References Any
guest of " the past three years. .J. F. MUL-
GREW. Proprietor.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
- This delightful watering place Is located in
the midst of the Coast Range. .
Abundance; of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineml
water, fine stone dining room: telephone ron-
nections. electric light?, livery accommodation-
good trout .fishing and hunting. Round trtri
tickets at S. P. offices. $10. " mp
JOHN -SPAULDIXG. Proprietor.
NEW CARLSBAD MINERAL SPRINGS^
LAKE COUNTY. ":-v.
_ The greatest health-giving water In America.
Specific • for all stomach, , liver. ; kidney
bladder troubles. ■ New hotel. Terms. « to^ia
per week. For particulars address W. R. jfi.
GOVERN. KelseyvlUe, Lake County. ' M °
SUMMER- HOME FfK f^m.
Santa Cruz Mountains, i first-class family r<*.
?SflYT OO i U ges / te " ts -. "ting and fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming long
d , ls 4 anc « telephone; campers' return tick.lti
$2 aO. Send for circular to J. H HAESTP 'm
Glenwood. Cal. ttAtfeTKJfc,
LAUREL dell .lake}
i. Increased facilities for comfort and" pleasure t
new dining room. 130 . ft. lake frontage* ne^
stable ■ and livery : ? boating i and bathlnl f r*Z
terms.. sB to $14 per. wc-ek: route 8 P ft N p'
Railway: round trip. »9 50. Addreis it wiis*NEW LIFE TO
CHURCH OF
HOLY CROSS
; ; 13eautiful Ceremonies
at the Laying of the
Cornerstone.
The Archbishop Prays
for God to Bless the
Church.
Thousands in the Parade and
Side Streets Filled With
Spectators.
LEAGUE OF CROSS CADETS.
Music, Oratory and Prayer Under
the Flag of Our
Country.
•: :■': On<> of the Inrpfst and most enthusias
itdoor crowds ever seen at the laying
ft a corner stone was that wtaioh marched
procession, or came with enthusiasm
; the parade, to Holy Cross
THOUSANDS PARADE TO SEE A NEW CHURCH START.
Church, Eddy, near Devisadero street, at
• : ; 4- o'clock yesterday afternoon.
From the moment of the first sounds of
the bugles of the League of the Cross
Cadets, on I-apuna street, until the last
tfordfl of Father Yorke, the scene pre
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•: ; it/a ■■■■■■■■■ ■"■■■ ■'■■ : ■-"■-■-■-!
| CURE FOR MEN. '
lav; ■ ■
: : : Dr. SandenVs Electric Belt Has Restored 10,000 Men to
:!•••*?. ; : Healthy, Robust Vigor in the Past Year.
zM : '
■ B /*££& i\\ "Electricity is Life," I
/•^ , /g^^6 *<w\ says Dr. Sanden, and this |
: i ps|P J ivX wonderful Belt has proven (
'■^' ***** SA if )\ k y i ts thousands of cures
'H ; fifl£>^\ vS^*w^-*i I \ that electricity restores
: ■ j §|p^ +%■ m^Jt wasted vigor, builds up '
B if { \ h -%"^S^L k roken "down men, and so !
■ !jr XSs ' V / jjjfjjflr wonderfully develops the i
b \v\\liu^L/j9HK P hysical energy that life i
1 '•w^^rflßß grows full of pleasure, age (
I h^^^^^^^ loses its sting, and the .
? l^T^^^^Sl blood circulates warmly '
a <^^ vJiP and vigorously. . !
i FREE BOOK FOR WEAK MEN. i
m. A book that tells how the old vigor can.be regained, how it has been re- |
»■ gained, by thousands of your fellow men. It is called "Three Classes of
a Men," for young, mifldle-aged and old men, who are not what they should be |
i at their age. It is full of joyous messages from men now strong. Get it and
M see what Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has done weak men; free by mail or|
• * at the office, where consultation and advice are free. Call or address
■ SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., * « 5 000 reward * i
I 632 Market 6trcet, San Francisco. Will be paid for one of ■
B NOTE— Make no mistake in the number— ,.„ n \*<, which fall n T ■'• I
|- 632 market STREET. these lieits wnicn rails «
wi ■ Office hours. Ba. m.to s p. m.; Sundays,. lo * to generate, a current of .
11 to ]. Branches at Los . Angeles, Cal., 204 Vi v,.,-t H.-it v •
I South Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington Ji.iecirn.ny.
■ ■ street; Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; *(■■ W -I
.J Dallas,. Tex., 255 Main street. ...,.: .'',',«'* ■ - '
sonted in the vicinity of the old church
and the foundations of the new was one
of splendor and enthusiasm. Over the
new foundation a beautiful American flag |
waved, and above the old a white cross
gleamed, beautiful mingling of patriot
ism and religion.
People stood for more than an hour on j
the raised platform, crowded the side- |
walks, blocked the streets, stood on every :
uvailalrte veranda and peered eagerly j
from scores of windows to witness the j
beautiful ceremony of the dedication of a
church to <;<>il.
On the platform the clergy were numer
ous, thvir devottt manner impressing
those who were too far away to hear and i
who could only see the ceremonials.
ceremony proper began after the
chWr had sung a song, Archbishop Rior- :
dan formally laying the corner stone and
offering prayers fur the church. During j
this ceremony there was impressive si
lenoe, and whm the last words of the
prayer had died away the choir again i
sang, after which Rev. Father Yorke de
livered an eloquent address on the pur
pose and meaning of the ceremony.
The speaker was loudly applauded at
the conclusion of his masterful address, :
which wont in a brief and general way
over the entire field of the mission of re-
Ugion and the Church of Rome.
"Day by day and night by night this
sacred ed'ifico will stand here." he said, >
"as a solemn warning of the duties of
man toward the King of Kings and to
ward his fellow man. It is not a new
church, hut the new stones and bricks,
placed here at greater expense and In a
more modern way out of the fullness of
our greater prosperity, but it all express
es continuity, the unbroken chain of de
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1898.
votlon. The old church is not destroyed
in this merging of its memories and asso
ciation, its aims and purposes, in the
new."
The orator then referred to the great
scope of the work of the church, its de
votion to the cause of humanity and its
consecration to God in all lands and amid
all sorts of conditions. lie argued that it
is the duty of man to build better houses
for God than for himself, for it is the
place of worship, the place where all the
children of God may assemble and pour
forth their hearts and become better men
and women.
Continuing, the speaker said: "As this
grc-tit work stands here now being fin
ished for the great work of redeeming
mankind I can foresee the good that is to
come from its building. It will remind the
living of their duties and obligations to
God and to man, and through the silence
of the night as well as under the blazing
suns of the day, as the years roll on, it
will sound the note of the old prophet that
all is vanity: that worldly life leads to
ruin. You are to show by deeds what you
think of this church and of your God. It
is not by words that you or I must make
our records or show how we appreciato
the churches which our prosperity enables
us to build. It is by lives of purity and
righteousness that we are to show the
depths of our sincerity and true feeling.
This is to be the house of our God, the
altars are to be hip, and he will be with
us here until the trials of earth are over
forever."
Ever since October. ISS7, Rev. Father
McGinty has presided over the destinies
of the little parish whose church is soon
to give way to the now one-. After years
of hard work he placed the affairs of the
parish on a linn and solid foundation, and
ho is deservedly popular everywhere.
The old church has an Interesting his
tory and a distinction that no other Cath
lic church ever had— its rechristenlng for
the third time.
It Is the pioneer of modern churches
here, having been erected in the early
part of I*sl on the site where the Palace
Hotel now stands. It was dedicated March
17, 1852, and christened St. Patrick's. It
remained there until IS7O, when it was re
moved to Mission street, where the new
church of St. Patrick now stands.
In 1572 it was again moved to Eddy
street, between Laguna and Octavla,
where for a time it served as a pro-ca
thedral, where services were held until
the completion of the cathedral which
now graces Van Ness avenue, and its
name was changed to St. John's to its
present position and again changed its
name to the Church of the Holy Cross.
To rechrlsten a church for the third time j
is something unique in Catholic history.
The little old church, vine-covered and j
set in the rear of a well-kept garden, is
now serving its last year as a house of
worship.
By the first of next year the new church
on the foundation of which the builders
started six months ago will be ready to
receive its people.
Father McGinty, the pastor, dug out the
first shovelful of dirt in the shape of a i
cross and just about where the new altar
will stand.
Since then the work has been progres
sing rapidly.
The church structure, without the pews,
altars or decorations, will cost $55,000, and
when thoroughly completed with stained
glass windows, frescoing and permanent
altars, the cost will be abou*. $80,000.
Tho exterior of the church will be some
thing unique in Its architectural features,
being of Grecian classic, adapted to the
Roman conception, and its main feature
will be a portico standing out from the
main facade of the building and sup
ported by six large monolithic pillars,
surmounted by lonic caps and sustained
by the same kind of a base.
The front of the structure will be of
stone obtained from Site's quarry, near j
Colusa. The rest of it will be of brick, !
covered with cement. Thar whole will bo i
surmounted by two beautiful towers !
about 150 feet in height, and the dimen
sions of the church will be 78x141:6 feet.
The seating capacity will be 750, not in
cluding the choir gallery.
Statisticians claim that the earth will
not support more than about 5,994,000,
000 people. The present population is
estimated at 1,467,000,000, the increase
being 8 per cent each decade. At that
rate the utmost limit will be reached
in the year 2072.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NOT SHADOWS,
BUT SUBSTANCE
Much Is Expected of the
Grand Jury Now
at Work.
Harry Thomas' Folly Should
Not Cloak Serious
Crimes.
Removal or Lloyd and Fair Was
Evidently a Popular
Action.
Oankland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April 3.
Not for many months has this county
been so interested in its Grand Jury as it
is just now. For two months that body
has been probing into all sorts of scan
dals, but so far nothing has come of it.
The indictment of Harry Thomas Is not
the result of any work of the Grand Jury,
being simply a charge growing out of a
choice of stories told the jurors by a man
who committed perjury. It is time some
thing dropped— that is, if there be any
thing to drop. The indictment of Harry
Thomas has not appeased public opinion,
because no one blames him for the long
and growing list of scandals at the City
Hall. Although he has tried to borrow a
hundred here and there, no one credits
him with buying and selling Boards of
Health and Councilmen or with raising
corruption funds. Proof of the fact that
either Harry Thomas or Robert Mc-
Kenzie tried to borrow money is not
of much value and will not purify
the Augtan stable of municipal politics.
People want to know something definite.
They want to know if Woodward was
bought and who bought him; if Henne
berrv received any inducement to hand in
so many resolutions: if policemen bought
positions on the force; if allopathic doc
tors put up a fund to pay the Mayor's
doctor's bill and capture the Board of
Health; who is resposible for the water
rate payers having to pay such exorbitant
rates after July 1. These are the ques
tions the public is asking and which they
would like answering.
The grand juries of the past four years
have been expensive bodies to this coun
ty. The actual payment of salary and
mileage to jurors is but a small item com
pared to the thousands of dollars that
have been spent in prosecuting indict
ments with no beneficial result. Indict
ments were returned against the Board
of Supervisors for alleged misuse of
county funds; nearly a score of Indict
ments' were issued against County Au
ditor Whidden; one was brought against
Deputy Tax Collector Ernest Mayriseh;
and another against Supervisor Roeth
What has become of them all? /Without
exception all the charges have been dis
missed by iuries in the courts. Mr. Roeth.
" ho was'acquitted on Friday, has averred
rirht along that hi? indictment was noth
ing but political persecution and the ver
dict would seem to justify his assertion.
Nevertheless, Mr. Roeth has had to pay
noVle-"than STfJ) for attorney's fees, and
The county's expense has not been less
th n n is s a°notorlous fact that there is some
foundation for Mr. Roeth's charge that
political grudges are carried out inthJs
county through the medium of the Grand
Jury " The jurors are Innocent -of any
hand in the lnjurttc*. but they are oound
to listen to the plausible stories told them
under the ban of confidence and to act
accordingly. When the cases come. Into
court and are heard openly on their mer
its It is seen that they are based on
gossip, or if not, then a TOT »M boon
found to subvert the ends of justice by
other methods. Judgir,* by the verdicts
of iurors all the officials indicted b>
Grand Juries for years back haye ■ been
subjt-cted to injustice. Whether this be
so or not, the public has Its own opinion.
Just now, however, the outraged public
would like to learn who are the guilty
parties and to have them brought to jus
tice In such a manner that charges against
them would stick. No one with any
knowledge of things ap they are expects
to see Harry Thomas go to San Quentin
on the strength of Robert MeKenzie's
story. If foolishness and impolitic actions
and" bad judgment were crimes, Harry
Thomas deserves a life time sentence,
but Harry Is not the responsible party
for the corruption at the city Hall. It
may have been very wicked for him to
borrow money from a prospective candi
date for a policeman's star, or to make
use of a messenger to aid in his borrow
ing, but such actions arc not going to rob
water rate payers of a quarter of a mil
lion during the next twelve months, and
the comparative peccadilloes of the
Mayor's son should not be permitted to
divert public attention from the crimes of
others.
Rarely have such Important qhanges
been made in the municipal departments
with less comment than those, made last
week at the City Hall. Outside of a few
disgruntled politicians not a protest has
been heard. Messrs. Clement and Thomas
have been somewhat criticized for the re
moval of Chief Lloyd. It has been argued
that he was an efficient officer. Three
years ago when he was appointed chief
by a Populist Board of Works he knew
absolutely nothing of police duty and was
appointed solely for political reasons.
Captain Fletcher, who has succeeded
Chief Lloyd, has been over twenty years
on the force, has always been a stanch
Republican, has the respect and confi
dence of everybody In the city and is the
natural and logical man for the place.
Mr. Lloyd has certainly been amply re
paid for his political services and cer
tainly has nothing to expect from the Re
publican party.
It i» believed that a project is on foot
to remove Street Superintendent Miller.
This would be a grave mistake, especially
with all the street work now in progress,
and Mayor Thomas will do wisely to heed
the advice of the merchants, so forcibly
expressed by the Board of Trade and
Merchants' Exchange. Mr. Miller's poli
tics is an unknown quantity, but it is
nald he is a Republican. Certain it is that
politics has never entered into his depart
ment. Chief Lloyd and Chief Fair were
offensively partisan in their politics, but
such is not the case with Mr. Miller. His
department is a practical one and the
merchants of Oakland, almost unani
mously, indorse his official course; it is
indisputable that Mr. Miller is the right
man in the right place, for Oakland's
merchants are not always partakers at a
love feast.
A lady sent me a letter a few days ago
asking if something could not be done to
provide a woman attendant at the
Morgue for female cases. The need for
such was made painfully apparent last
week when a young girl committed sui
cide and was taken in charge by the Cor
oner. No fault was made with the man
ner in which the girl was handled, but
when the ladies visited the remains and
inspected the wound a woman attendant
would have seemed more appropriate.
The case cannot be argued, but the sug
gestion is obviously worth consideration.
It Is hardly likely that a public park
will be acquired, or that a new City Hall
will be built during the present municipal
administration. The Solid Six will reor
ganize the Council to-morrow night and
they have taken good care to put them
selves in positions as regards committees
—for themselves. No matter in what form
anything may be attempted for the next
year, it will fall to meet with the appro
val and confidence of the public. Fancy
the Solid Six being intrusted y the peo
§le of Oakland to spend half a million un
er any circumstances. With Heitmann
for President, Woodward for chairman of
the Finance Committee, Watklnson at tho
head of the Fire and Water Committee,
what more can their friends and support
, ers desire? STUART W. BOOTH.
WARM SUPPORT
FOR McKINLEY
Rev. Dr. Coyle Uses Strong
Language in the
Pulpit
Declares It to Be a Duty to
Avenge the Maine Out
rage.
America Cannot Refute to Uphold
Humaijity in the Western
Hemisphere.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 3.
"War With Spain" was the subject of
the Rev. Dr. R. F. Coyle's discourse this
evening at the First Presbyterian Church.
Dr. Coyle deprecated the too frequent use
of the sword to settle international dis
putes, but said that in the present crisis
with Spain the patient and highly com
mendable course of President McKinley
justified war if the Spaniards did not
speedily relinquish Cuba and make repa
ration for the loss of the Maine and the
murder of its gallant sailors. He spoke
in part as follows:
There is still a vast deal of the war spirit
latent in the breasts of men, and too often It
Is the spirit of hell. It breathes and burns
through the columns of many of our papers.
It sputters and fumes through the halls of
Congress. It flames out here and there In
mass meetings and sometimes It thunders in
pulpits dedicated to the gospel of peace. Nor
Is this outburst of feeling always wrong.
I am very far from saying that the war spirit
is always to be deplored and denounced, or
that the appeal to arms is never Justifiable.
There are times In the history of nations
when peace would be an outrage, an Injustice,
a cowardly exhibition of Inhumanity. There are
times when righteousness demands that the
pword shall be drawn. Nothing else can meet
the case. It was so when our colonies, after
uppealing and appealing In vain, rose up In
holy wrath and throw off the yoke of George
111. There was nothing el3e for conscientious,
liberty-loving men to do. It was God's war
and every blow they struck in that conflict
was 8. blow In the Interests of humanity and
for his glory. It was so when Fort Sumter
was fired upon. To have sued for peace at
the expense of the Tnion and by leaving the
shackles on the slaves would have been a sin
and an outrage in the sight of heaven. Abra
ham Lincoln said that it was also God"s war.
and he was right. The men who marched and
the men who fought and the men who died
to keep the Hag in the sky and to emancipate
a race were missionaries of righteousness. So
there are times when the war spirit is
worthy of free and right thinking men.
Nothing is ever settled until It is settled
rigbt. That Is Just as true of nations as It
is of individuals, and nothing is ever right
that is not religiously right, or In other words
right in its relation to the eternal God. All
compromises, all adjustments, all diplomacies
not founded upon that rock are the makeshifts
of an hour, mere temporary arrangements,
which cannot stand, because they ought not—
a patched up peace, a peace purchased at the
price of Injustice or inhumanity or dishonor,
or by a weak surrender of principle, is a dis
grace and a humiliation— l was going to say
as great an outrage as an unholy war. There
certainly are times when the spirit that would
demand peace at any price is quite as much
to be condemned as the spirit that would un
sheath the sword without abundant reason,
and I am not sure but more. First peace then
peaceable. First righteous, that is the pri
mary, the supreme thing, then draw the sword,
or put it in the scabbard as necessity may de
mand.
There I stand on Scriptural grounds, and
standing there, I beg leave to make a few ob
servations and to state my own convictions.
I do it I trust, with all due deference to the
opinion's of wiser men than myself, modestly,
hesitatingly, but, nevertheless, firmly. I be
lieve that the time has come for us, as a peo
ple, to realize that we belong to the fellow
ship of nations, commercially, politically,
philanthropically. religiously, and every other
way and that It is no longer right or possi
ble for us to remain isolated in our own hemis
phere and say, "Let the nations of Europe
and the nations of the East take care of them
selves, and we will take care of ourselves."
That doctrine will not do. It Is too narrow
and too selfish, and proposes a peace for us
that rests upon a foundation other than that
of righteousness.
So long as we belong to the community of
nations we are, according to our measure, re
sponsible for the peace and stability and well
luMng r.f the world. When the Turks were
slaughtering the Armenians, putting helpless
women and children to the sword by thousands,
pillaging and plundering, and scattering deso
lation, we had no right to foil back upon our
Isolation and say, "It Is bad. It is shocking.
It Is awful, but as a peaceable and far-away
people we can do nothing." Rather than In
terfere we allowed American property to bo
destroyed and American missionaries to be un
protected. It was not a reassuring display
either of patriotism or human brotherhood.
And what shall we say of the movements in
the far East? It looks as though China were
about to be divided up, partitioned out among
two or three strong and plundering nations, as
thieves divide their booty. England will prob
ably speak. Japan will probably have some
thing to Fay. Hut is America to shut herself
up within her own coasts and do nothing?
I'pon what principle of Justice, or liberty, or
humanity can she do it? Is it too much to
say, as was said in Brooklyn two or three
weeks ago, that the time is at hand when
America should say to those grasping nations
that would corner the trade of China and con
trol her ports for their own gain. "We, too,
! stand, not for our own aggrandizement, not
| for our own commercial wealth, not for our
own uplifting, but we stand for freedom in
other lands as well as In our own, and you
must take account of America If you under
! take to destroy that liberty." Without rlght
: eousness the nations may cry peace, peace,
i but there will lie no peace.
i Come nearer home. War has been raging and
! still rapes almost within sight of our shores.
An oppressed people have lf*g been struggling
to be free. With a heroism, a determination
I that commands the admiration of all who love
i liberty, they are trying to break away from
i the tyranny that grinds them to powder.
; Already 400,000 of them have gone down In
: starvation nnd death. It is an awful story to
1 rehearse at the close of the nineteenth century
ond ought to mantle the cheek of the Chris
tian world with shame. When told on the
floors of the T'nlted States Senate strong men
wept like children, so dreadful wns It. Even
now we are told that the wretched Cubans
are starving and dying at the rate of 1000 a
• lHy. The blowing up of the Maine was bad,
a horrible murder that sent a thrill of Indigna
tion through the land and the world, but
awful as it was It becomes completely In
significant alongside of the larger question of
Justice to Cuba.
It will not do to say the people of thnt Island
are poor and weak and ignorant and degraded
and not worth fighting for. Such a statement
Is unworthy of an American citizen, and on
the lips of a Christian it is blasphemy against
God. The poorer they are the more prwerfiUly
should their condition appeal to the sympathy
and protection of the American people who are
strong. Say not that they are degraded. Say
not that they nr° far below us In the scale of
civilization. Say not that they are poverty
stricken and immoral. Nay. they are our
brothers and have a right to our protection
and the delivcrenee which we have It In our
power to give. If ever our fathers who fought
at Bunker Hill and suffered at Valley Forge
and left the blood stains of their naked feet
deserved to be free, the Cubans deserve to be
free.
In this whole matter our President, In my
judgment, has manifested a patience, a discre
tion, a wisdom worthy of the people, whom he
represents and of the exalted office he fills.
Thrice Is he nrrnoil ivho hnth his quarrel lust,
and President McKlnley has conscientiously
soueht to do the just thing. He Is certainly
entitled to the support and confidence and sym
pathy of his countrymen In these days of
trial." And all things considered, our people
have exhlhlted a most commendable self
control. The provocation has been Immense
and hard to bear. But th<>v have borne It with
a coolness and eiulrvMse tVl at arp niwnvs char
acteristic of strength. Thank Cod for that.
Put occasions sometimes arise and the hour
sometimes strikes when forbearance ceases to
he a virtue. Who will say that hour has not
come?
I do not speak for war. God forbid. As a
boy I lived through the scenes of our own
Kreat rebellion. I remember enough of It to
make me shudder. In the gospel of peace I
believe with all mv heart, and I preach It
with ever-growing 1 delight. But If Spain does
not yield. If she Insists upon keeping her hard
heel upon the neck of Cuba: if she refuses to
end the outrages and abominations In that un
happy land, and If she will not make repara
tion for the destruction of our great warship
lyine: peacefully nt anchor In one of her ports
Rnd for the blood of so many of our gallant
soldiers — then. I say. let the sword of lustlce
fall, let righteousness strike, and afterward
f will come the sweet angel of peace.
Reliance Camera Club Exhibit.
i- OAKLAND. April 3.— the" annual spring
exhibition ';. of i th* 1 c- Reliance i Camera Club
will » take . place • Monday night, beginning:
nt 9:30 o'clock. -7 An hour preceding will be
devoted to •a; concert by the Reliance l Or
chestra. £ The ; orchestra j will ; he ; assisted
by ;■ Mlps . Alma Berglund, soprano: ; Frank
Howard,-; 'eel list; A. B. -Anderson,?trom
bone, and ' Miss : Margaret , Cameron, ac
cnmnajiLttf. ,%
JUSTIFIED UNDER
TWO CONDITIONS
Rev. C. H. Hobart's Stand
in Regard to the
Spanish.
The Cuban Warfare Compared
With the Armenian
Massacre.
Honored God by Moving Slowly, but
He Will Bo Dishonored by
Delay Now.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 3.
Rev. C. H. Hobart of the First Baptist
! Church delivered a stirring address to
! night as a prelude to his evening sermon
: on the question "Shall We Fight Spain?"
During the Armenian massacre Mr. Ho
bart delivered one of the strongest de
nunciations ever heard in a pulpit against
the inaction of the powers. To-night he
! compared the present Cuban warfare
' with that affair and declared that every
word uttered at that time was applicable
to the United States, should she permit
the present policy of starvation to con
tinue longer. His prelude was as follows:
Shall we fight Spain? This is a serious
question. Thousands of voices are replying,
yes, with no serious appreciation of the awful -
I ness of war. Only as a last resort should we
! go to war. It is too frightful in Its conse
! quences, it Is too brutalizing in its Influences,
; it is 100 terrible and too expensive to be under
1 taken unless stern necessity Is upon us.
Yet there are certain conditions upder which
we must fight. If these conditions are found
i to exist a declaration of war is the only thing
j left us if we would retain our self respect as
I a nation. A3 a nation we fought for our In
! dependence and before God were Justified. As
! a nation we fought to preserve the Union our
fathers had established and by deity and hts>
| tory we have been justified. Now the only
?uestion worth considering is, would we be
ore high heaven be justified In a war with
1 Spain? I think we would on two conditions.
First — We would be justified should Spain
■ finally and absolutely refuse to make reason
' able and just amends for the loss we have
■ suffered of life and treasure in the destruction
jof the Maine. We must not let the destruc
i tion of that vessel and those brave men go
Without all the reparation it Is possible for
Spain to make. But we must give her reason
! able time to make such reparation. If she
finally and absolutely refuses we must fight.
There is another condition under which we
must fight. It is this: The refusal of Spain
to cease her barbarities in Cuba. It was the
disgrace of Europe that the atrocities of Ar
, menla were allowed and that the unspeakable
Turk slaughtered her subjects with scarcely a
| protest on the part of the powers. God will
i hold the nations responsible for permitting
] such an Infamy, and that right at their doors.
Now the conditions are changed. The atroci
ties are at our donr. Cuba Is our neighbor.
The methods of Spain an? a disgrace to say
; ages, not to say to civilization.
Every demand of humanity calls upon us
. for prompt interference. In this matter wo
! have delayed too long. Forbearance long ago
ceased to be a virtue. As a nation we should
! have insisted months ago that Spain conduct
I her campaign against tuba according to the
rules of civilized warfare. This she has not
, done, as the starving thousands of women and
i children who occupy the prison pens of Cuba
; only too terribly testify. In the Interests of
| common humanity and In the fear of God we
must say to Spain, you have demonstrated
I your inability to rule Cuba with humanity and
; Justice. Now she must be allowed to rule hor
! self. Every sentiment of humanity, every
heart beat of Juetlce, every prompting or
; righteousness calls upon us ,-u= a nation to In
terfere In the Interests of starving and dying
i men, women and children, even though It re
i suits in war with Spain. Our leaders have
; honored Goii by moving slowly, but the time
! has come when God will be dishonored by our
] longer sitting still.
Spain must promptly act In the Interests of
; righteousness or we must fight Spain.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies ; with the wind. . The top fig
ures at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. If any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in Inches i
and hundredth* during, the "past twelve hours. !
' Isobars, or solid lines, : connect points of equal
air pressure; j isotherms, •or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The ; word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by - fair > weather; "low" refers to ;• low pres
sure and is. usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. . "Lows" usually
first ; appear, on the Washington coast. When
the : pressure . is high In the Interior and low
along the | coast, - and the | isobars extend north
and south along. the coast, ; rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "high" in the : vicinity of
, Idaho, : and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter.- The
reverse • of these conditions • will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 3. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
.date as compared. with those of the same date
last season and : rainfall ; . during the - past i
twenty-four hours: ■• '"-:•■,
v.-v. ' . Past This -'Last
(stations— * 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka .". 0 '■; 25.61 46.66 ]
Red 81uff......... 0 12. 0S 43.76
Sacramento .............. 0 8.63 17.15
San Francisco 0 7.56 22.53
Fresno 0 4.01 10.62
San Luis Oblspo.; 0 6.05 20.71
Los Ange1e5.............;.. .0 5.26 15. 74
San Diego ;.;. Trr.rr.rr:. ;.- 0 4.10 ■ ll.fiß
Yuma ...:.....:.......;...• 0 1.65 ._.-., 6.35
San Francisco • data,: : Maximum • temperature
60. : minimum 45, ' mean' 62. • ;■••■•' -■■■. •• ■
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
..'.:.. r: FORECASTS. r.'-'.:"'"; . '
- The : : pressure has risen rapidly "over the
Rocky Mountain region.-. It has fallen slightly
during the past - twelve hours on the • Pacific
Coast. • - .". .;■■:,■-■ .' Z-. ■-. . ■■
;■■ The • temperature has risen •■ rapidly j over the
interior or California and ;■* over ,'.; Oregon and
Southwestern Washington.-- It ' has fallen about
12 ■■- degrees . over Utah. < ; The .temperatures
throughout the great valleys of California are
about. normal. , ': : V ;
No rain has fallen on the Pacific slope.
• A ■ maximum ' wind" velocity 'of* 38 miles : per
hour from the north is reported at Idaho Falls.'
• • Forecasts j made .at San s Francisco ; for '. thirty
hours ending midnight. April 4 1895..-U.
', Northern > California— Fair . Monday; , contin
ued warm weather: light northerly winds.: :
'". Southern California — Fair Monday; warmer
on the southern coast; northerly winds. -'
| ' Nevada— Monday; continued warm
;■; ■ weather^ ■ ' ■ • "■■- ■ - v ./  . :. ■ •.'. ..■ •-.':■ ; - ■;■ -
ii r Utah — Fair Monday; warmer. .- '■:--'.'
Arizona— Fair Monday; t warmer east.*.
■ San .. Francisco and X vicinity— Fair Monday;
light northerly. changing to westerly. winds. •/. •
" Special report from Mount Tamalpals: Clear;
wind i northwest, ;.; 8 ° miles; .' temperature ' 57,
maximum temperature 6S. --.;-* -
ALEXANDER McADIB.
I Local Forecast <a/*-**i.
AUCTION SALES.
i >
£a £* J&fe
AUCTION SALE
'AT TATTERSALL'S, 721 HOWARD ST. j
V TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY. APRIL S. 11 A. M.
80 head of horses, nicely broken to double or
single harness; also 3 fine ponies, mules, bur-
ros, etc. A. F. ROOKER,
Livestock Auctioneer.
ALMOST NEW FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (MONDAY) AT 11 A. M.
20 TURK ST., NEAR MARKET.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market.
THE CALL. CALENDAR.
April, IS9B.
ISu.M
Th.
Moon's Phases.
3
4
5
I 13
llfj
I 1
s
©Pull Moon. ;
April (i.
.Jo-Last Quarter
M&, April 13.
10 11
i
1 14
IT
23
15
IT
IF
16
3U
y^% New Moon,
Vg? April 80.
17 13
24 2o
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
smoa
rcata
torgrnn City...
Impire
ommoia
torth Fora. —
tomer
Tlzaba
faslitenaw
nuim'uiui ........
Coos Bay.
New York
Coos Bay
Portland ......
Humooiat.....
Humboldt „.
Mexico
Taeoma. ...
i Sydney....
San Dleiro
Humboldt..
Victoria and Pu^et Sound
I Departure Bay
I Panama..
I Newport
| Poruana
Apr 4
Apr 4
Apr 4
Apr i
Apr 5
Apr a
Aor «
Apr «
Apr 8
Apr ii
Apr 7
Anr 7
Apr 7
Apr S
Apr 9
Apr »
Apr 10
lamed a
anta Rosa.'
rc«3ti... ......
lty Puebia.. .
Selling-t0n.....
ity of Para....
003 Bay
late or Cat
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Stkamfr. I Destination-;
tumboldt. ! Alaska. Apr 5, 1 PMiPier 4
.rcat.i .Coosßav Apr 5.10 am Pier i:i
0m0na.... I San Diesro Apr 5.11 am Pier 11
matilla ■■ i Vie & Pirt Snd Apr t>. li> am Pier »
ealar.dia..| Honolulu Apr «, 2 pm Pier 7
imoa iHumboidt Apr 7, 9am
;omer Illumbolat Apr S. 10a»i Pier 9
olumbia.. I Portland Apr 8. 10 am i Pier 'H
an Bins... I Panama Apr b. 12 MiPMSS
ortn Fork IHumboidt. ... Apr 8, yAviPier i
im:i Rosa Sau Dlopo lApr 9. 11 am Pier 11
,'eeott Hutnbldt Bay. I Apr V, hah Pier U
Ity Puebl.i ! Vie & Ptn | Apr 11. 10 am | Pier 1>
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic- Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
_____________
APRIL- ISM!
Monday, April t.
Sunrises s:i'J
Sun sets «:3<}
Moon sets 4:13 a. m.
!Tlme| Feet
iL Wl
:l w
iH-WI
4 5:S>
5 4:10
'■ 4:4"
7 3:31
8 6:l<
H \V
9 0:12
111 0:54
1
10:29
11:19
12:12
1:10
L W
4:10
1:47
5:25
6:04
a \V
1 2:1:'
8:24
54
65
h.t;
L W
6:48
7:41
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of ths
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the la6t or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. Tha heights
given are additions to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractive from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of th" lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARIMERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are corJlally Invited to visit th»
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mara
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time cr giving the error, If any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the. mornlns papers the follow
ing day. W. 8. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. V. 8. N., In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, April 3.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett. 35 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, 62% hours from San
Diego and way ports.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, SO hours from Moss
Landing and way ports.
Br ship Drummulr, Withers, 75 days from
Newcastle. NSW.
Bark Mauna Ala, Smith. 23 days from Hono
lulu.
Br bark Dominion, Berqulst, 101 days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Arg bktn Sharpshooter, Wlrschulelt, 21 days
from Kahulul.
Bktn Planter, Dow, 17 days from Honolulu.
Brig Consuelo, Jacobson, ISM: days from Ma
hukona.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Lettltla, Watson, 4% days from Colum
bia River.
Schr Palvator, Jensen, 4 days from Portland.
Schr Hattle I Phillips. Blackburn. 4 days fm
Astoria.
Schr Inca, Birkholm, 19 days from Honolulu.
SAILED.
Sunday, April S.
Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen.
Stmr Valencia, Humphreys, Seattle.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. San Pedro.
Stmr Alcazar, Carlson.
Ptmr State of California, Green, Astoria.
Bark Harvester. Gruner, Karluk.
Pchr Neptune, Entvold.
Schr Edward Parke, Johnson.
RETURNED.
Sunday, April 3.
Schr Thos S Negus, henoe April 2 for Cooks
Inlet, returned for mdse left behind.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— April 3, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind W; velocity 16 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per schr Inca— Mar 29, saw & three-masted
ship steering east.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Geo Loomis— Passed the remains of tha>
ill-fated bark Helen W Almy at 7 a m this
morning one mile SW of Point Pedro; it was
standing upright and looked like a sloop.
Per Sharpshooter— While coming to an an
chor off section B of seawall lost anchor and
gome chain.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— SaiIed April 3— Stmr Samoa, for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed April S-Schr Barbara
Hernster, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 3— Str
Miner.ia, from Comox.
COOS BAY— Sailed April 3— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed April 3— Ship Occidental,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed April 3— Stmr Samoa and
schrs John A and Fnrtuna, for San Francisco.
FORT ROSS— Arrived April 3— Schr La Chlle
na. hence Mar 31.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 3— Bktn Eureka,
hence Mar 20.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April S— Stmr Co
qullle River, hence April 2.
ASTORIA— SaiIed April 3— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco: Br ship Reliance, for U K.
ArrU-ed April 3— Ger ship Nomla, from loko
¥f)RT BLAKELET— Arrived April 3— Schr
Lyman D Foster, hence Mar IS.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 3— Stmr Scotia, fm
Dyea,
FOREIGN TORTS.
HlLO— Arrived Mar 13— Bark Annie Johnson.
hence Mar I; bark B P Cheney, frm Guayaquil.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April B— Stmr Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam; stmr La Bretagne. fm
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed April 3— Stmr Etru
rla. for New York.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KKABKY ST. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Privat*
Diseases, Lost Man hood. : Debility or
disease wearinron bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases, The doctor cures when
others full. Try him. Charges low.
CnreiKnaraDlrrd. Callorwrlte.
: nr. J. *-. ulß.ig.V, Box 1037, 5 an Francisco.
78
FROM THE GRAND MASTER.
Hearty Indorsement of the Masonic Fes
tival bu Senator Thomas Flint Jr.
HON. THOMAS FLINT JR.
One of the most interesting visitors at the headquarters of the executive
committee of the Masons' festival Saturday was Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of San
Juan. He is the grand master of the Grand Lodge of California, and has ever
taken an active interest in th^ progress of the Decoto Home. In "Uscussing
tli." matter Senator Flint said: "I am heartily in favor of this festival, and I
shall support it in every way possible."' He then explained how much good to
the community such charities do. and speaking for the country he said he had
.ittlo <'.<>ui>t that the fete would meet with greater support than even its
most sanguine supporters hoped for. The position that Senator Flint holds is a
most important one from a Masonic point of view. He is at the head of no leas
than nineteen or twenty thousand members of the order in this State, and in
giving, as he has done and will do, his very hearty support he shows distinct
fitness for his high office and at the same time a generous spirit. When the fair
opens on the 9th of May Senator Flint will declare it open, and ne will deliver
an address. His home is in the San Benito Valley, where he has immerse
property interests and where he is \ery popular. It is somewhat unusual for
so young a man to attain such an exalted rank in the Masonic fraternity.
From day to day cheering words come from all over the Slate as to the in
terest that is being manifested over the festival, and even at this early date
parties are being formed for the week of festivity. Offers of substantial help
have commenced to come from the country, too. and the State seems to be lit
erally bubbling with enthusiasm for once. The memorial booth committtee has
already received intimations from a great many people who desire to have their
names permanently identified with the completion of the home through the me
dium of engraved tablets and tiling in the main entrance, and it looks as though
before the commencement of festival week that most of these spaces will have
been applied for. if not actually allotted. The small contribution asked for
the privilege offered by the memorial committee has doubtless had much to do
with the popularity of the plan. Chairman Patton said yesterday that the ex
ecutive committee had such a pressure of work that it might be necessary to
add to its numbers, but that if the general committee continued to take such a
hearty interest in affairs that were open to them he and his colleagues would
bo able to pull through. There are a thousand and one things to be looked
after every day, and the correspondence has become so voluminous that no less
than three stenographers are employed to handle it. No inquiry that is made
with reference to the festival is left unanswered for a single day, and this
prompt action is bringing friends to the movement daily.
Senator Flint has issued the following letter to Masons of nls Jurisdiction:
GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY.
Delegates From All Over the State
Assist at an Entertainment in
Metropolitan Temple.
From early yesterday morning until late
In the evening Metropolitan Temple, on
Fifth street, was crowded with spiritual
ists and friends of spiritualists who had
come to witness and participate in the
Semi-Centennial Jubilee, under the aus
pices of the California State Spiritual
ists' Association.
The celebration was commemorative of
the fiftieth anniversary of the doctrine of
spiritualism, and the excellent pro
gramme rendered was helped along by
delegates from all over the State.
At U o'clock in the morning the meeting
was called t<> order, and, after the hymn
"America" had been sung by the entire
audience, the speeches, songs, spirit
messages and musical renditions that
made up the entertainment continued,
with practically no intermission, until 10
o'clock at night.
Taken as a whole, the jubilee was an
immense ruccess and those who witnessed
*• whether soirltuallsts or not, were
forced to acknowledge that they had
spent a remarkably pleasant and instruc
tive day.
. ♦ .
Has Deserted His Bride.
OAKLAND. April 3.— John Delancy, the
schoolboy who ran off to Stockton and
married a schoolmate about three weeks
ago, has deserted his bride. He sailed
on Friday's steamer for the north, and
according to his mother-in-law was sent
to St. Louis by his father. Mr. Delancy
Sr. admits furnishing the boy funds and
clothes for the trip, but denies that he
sent him nor does he know where John
now is.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
ft* ft** /? .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1898.
BURNS HANDICAP WEIGHTS.
Imposts for the Ten Thousand Dollar
Stake at Oakland.
Handlcapper Brooks has announced the
following weights for the Burns handi
cap, the $10,000 event to be ueclded at the
California Jockey Club's track In Oak
land on April 9. Winners of any race
other than a selling purse during the next
five days will carry nve pounds extra; if
handicapped at less than weight for age
seven pounds extra:
Senator Bland 12S, Yankee Doodle 105
The Roman 128 Scarf Pin 105
Altamax 12S Maximo 105
Fleur de Lis 125Candelaria 105
Buck Massle 125 Morellito 104
Rulnart 124,Fonsovannah 102
Ostler Joe 123, 1mp. Bitter R00t... 102
Satsuma 122, G. B. Morris ..100
Tom Cromwell 120'Rey del Bandidos...loo
Rubicon 120 Cromwell 100
Scarborough 118 Marcel 100
Howard Mann US. Crescendo 10« i
Won't Dance HKBenroe 100
Buckwa 116 Los Prietos 98
Installator 115 Marplot 94
Sweet Faverdaie ..115 St. Calatine 92
Judge Denny 115 Foremost 90
Col. Wheeler 114 King William 90
Vincllor 112 The Dragon .90
Bernadillo 112 Adolph Spreckels .. 90
Grady 112 George Palmer 90
Vlncftor 112 Captain Reese (by
Traverser 112 Geo. Klnney) 90
Loch Ness 112 Highland Ball 90
Salvation 110 Hermoso 90
Wheel of Fortune.. llo Negligence 90
St. Lee ....lldDr. Marks 88
Souffle 110 Official 83
NewFgatherer 110 Sardow 85
Shasta Water 110 Royal Prize 85
Personne 110, Greenback II \. 85
Summertime 107 • Mid Glenn 85
Lincoln II 107 > Innuendo S3
Cousin Loyal 107 ' El Salado 85
Lin Stock 107 Morana 85
The Swain 105>Sandow 83
The following horses have been declared:
Tim Toolan, Casper. Mt. McGregor 11, Imp.
Sain. Lucky Dog. Grannan. Loki. Schiller,
Don Carillo, Greyhurst. Aquinas, Marquise,
Imp. Trance. Rey El Santa Anita.
Dead— Catawba, Potey.
I—.1 — . « ♦ «
RACING AT OAKLAND.
The Alameda Handicap at a Mile the
Feature of the Card.
For reopening day at Oakland track
this afternoon the Alameda handicap, for
which a field of nine will go to the post-
Five other well filled events are also
down for decision.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First race— Five-eights of a mile; selling.
74fi Towanda 102 753 Saticoy 107
TIT Roulette Wheel. lo2 811 Ballister }04
(794)Ronnie lone 102 310 Uncle True 107
7SS HIM Rowena...lo6 533 Estro 107
734 Algorta 102 7P. r . Yule 108
F. 22 Official 107 SIS Little Alarm 102
(75R)Cipriano 107 825 Hohenlohe 109
746 Magnus 104
Second race— Half a mile; two-year-old fillies;
selling.
832 Amoltopec 103 813 Humidity 107
724 Crossmolina .... 9fi 532 Sweet Cakes ....103
832 La Parasseuse..lO3
Third race— One mile; four-year-olds and up.
539 Wheel Fortune.. llo l 752 Allahabad 105
7fiS Lost Girl 10ti! 457 Glad Eyes 11l
835 Grady 113 798 Masoero 112
S'->6 Claudius 108 ' 791 Salvation 108
(60) Whistle 8trd....10S
Fourth race— The Alameda handicap; purse
$1000; one mile; all aces.
(RW)Ostler Joe 1251 792 Flash light 115
76S Kd<lle Jones 110 i Ml Horatio IIS
SSS Summertime 100 U7P4) Bonnie lone — 88
$34 Song & Dance. ..lOSJ 533 Personne 105
S3". Fort Augustus.. 97 1
Fifth race — One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing.
534 Little Cripple.. ..lo4 | (517>.T0e Terry W2
461 Caspar S8 I SOS Myth 101
Sll Gotobed 88 i 829 Melv. Burnham.lo4
V,2 Miss Ruth 97 737 Mercutio 109
(S27)Metaire 104 I 774 Rey del Tierra..lO6
Sixth race— Seven-eighths of a mile; selling.
812 San Venado lie (k3:»)Rubicon 124
769 siy 106 749 Highland 8a11. ..103
745 Distinction 106 776 Don Luis 103
<£42lG<>.>ilfr!end I'" 1 i762)Karl Coehran. ...113
838 Promnto 97 j 788 Seaapra; HI
798 Meadow Lark. ..llll 557 Col. Dan 105
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Miss Rowena, Clprlano, Official.
Second race— Humidity, Sweet Cakes, La
Paraspeuse.
Third race— Wheel of Fortune, Grady, Maso
ero.
Fourth race— Eddie Jones, Ostler Joe. Sum
mertime.
Fifth race— Rey del Tierra, Myth, Gotobed.
Sixth race— Rubicon. Col. Dan, Sly.
In the Handball Courts.
The departure of the two eastern cham
pions, Dunn and Casey, has only tended
to increase the desire of our local ath
letes in the exhilerating game. Denver
had the pleasure of witnessing the east
ern players yesterday in that city, where
they were billed to give the boys an ex
hibition of genuine handball sport. But
this fact had no effect on the San Fran
cisco players, as they congregated at Phil
Ryan's San Francisco court on Howard
street early and played until it was late.
The following are the scores made at
this court:
M. McNeil and G. McDonald defeated
L. Corraine and P. Steiner. Score, 21, 15,
16, 21. 21. 18.
1,. Waterman and E. McDonough de
feated D. J. Sheehan and J. R. Bockman.
Score, 21. 13. 17, 21. 21, 19.
T. Crane and E. Domprobst defeated
L. Carter and E. Peterson. Score, 21, 14,
19, 21, 21. 17.
E. Barry and T. Foley defeated M.
Basch and J. Hogan. Score, 21, 13, 15, 21,
21. 16.
G. McDonald and M. McNeil defeated
W. Manion and P. Steiner. Score, 21, 15,
14, 21. 21. 20.
R. Shay and R. Shields defeated T. Sul
livan and Doc Molloy. Score, 21, 16, 14,
21. 21, 18.
E. Curley and M. Maguire defeated J.
Dowling and J. Collins. Score, 21, 15, 14,
21, 21. 19.
J. White and M. Basch defeated R.
Murphy and J. Nelson. Score, 21, 14, 15,
21, 21, 20.
R. Huusman and T. Foley defeated M.
Maguire and P. Basch. Score, 21, 15, 16
21. 21. 19.
J. C. Nealon and R. Linehan defeated
J. Riordan and P. Donnelly. Score, 21, 16,
18, 21. 21. 2b.
« » ■
. .. ■ *.
LEON DURAND DIES.
— :
John L. Carney Has Now to An
swer a Charge of
Murder.
Leon Durand, the dyer at 10S0 Howard
street, whose skull was fractured last
Thursday by an Iron bar in the hands of
John L. Carney, died at the City and
County Hospital yesterday- morning and
his body was removed to the Morgue.
As soon as the news of the death
reached police headquarters Carney was
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
murder. He was originally charged with
assault to murder.
Carney Thursday afternoon went in Du
rand's place and attempted to assault the
dyer's wife and when she resisted he
knocked her down. Her husband threw
Carney out and he went to the rear,
where he got the heavy Iron bar. He re
turned to Durand's place and us'lng both
hands brought the bar down on Durand's
head, felling him to the floor.
Carney has been a deputy superintend
ent of streets and a deputy sheriff. He is
well known among the politicians on the
South side of the city and has been mixed
up In several scrapes, once having been
arrested for robbery while keeping a sa
loon on the Barbary Coast.
Headache Quickly Cured.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache never fails. 2sc. 1
Independent Laborers.
There was a regular meeting of the In
dependent Union Labor Club at their hall
on Saturday night. Forty new members
signed the roll and there were several
addresses, one by Thomas Eagan on the
duties and responsibilities of labor. The
club appointed a general committee to
organize clubs throughout the State It
consists of the following: Thos. Eagan
Charles Daley, John Kearney, Tim Sulli
van. Richard Cullem.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nisht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3&T Hayes Ftree'; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Cl 5 I.arkin street: open vi.til 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
lEOS Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES .
GOLDEN Gate Commandery, ; No. 16, <t *.g
K. T., Golden Gate building,' 625 Sut- Inf
ter St., stated assembly THIS EVEN- "; lift
ING, at 7:30 o'clock. - The Order of \sr
the Temple will be conferred. All fraters are
courteously invited.
JONATHAN M. PEEL. Em. Com.-
WILLIAM' T. ■ FONDA. ; Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1 Royal ii
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. -JV_
Business and M. M. degree. jilt.
. H. G. PRINCE. Sec. /rr>
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. •
"•ni Stated meeting THIS (MONDAY) _J^
EVENING at 8 o'clock. By order oty&jß
the W. M. GEO. W.TURNER. Pw\
G. W. ROOT, Sec.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. m
M. stated meeting THIS DAY (Mon- _^_
day), April 4. 1898, at 8 o'clock p. m. YY
By order of the W. M. ' /\r«
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M., • -'
-.■'"l . Eddy st., will assemble on MON-_JV
It \' the iih, at 1:15 p. m., to aU.-ndlCjf
the funeral of our late brother, J. O. /VN
JEPHSON. Master Masons are invited. .-.
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
THE officers and members of the Past '•
Masters' Association of California are_^_
requested to attend the funeral of ourTT
latf brother, JOSEPH OLIVER JEPH-
SON. Past Master of Pacific Lodge No. 136,
F. and A. M., on MONDAY. April 4. at 1:30
o clock, from B'nal B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy st.
By order of the President.
L.SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.— .**«•,.... r
MONDAY EVENING. April 4.:^^^
Initiation three candidates =!S*B^-!i_-
w ■ B. HIBBETT, Noble Grand. "^W-^- •
ORDER EASTERN STAR-The officers V»
and members of Golden Gate Chapter Mr,
No l. are requested to attend the fun-
eral of our late brother. J. O. JEPH- *
SON, THIS DAY (MONDAY) at 1:30 p. m..
from B'nai B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy st. By
order of the Worthy Matron.
THE officers and members of Ivanhoe *r
Lodge No. 5, K. of P., are requested v Jl*
to attend the funeral of our deceased S?£>NL»
brother, J. O. JEPHSON, from B nai •*&!&
B'ruh Hall. 121 Eddy St., MONDAY. April 4,
IS9B, at 1:20 p. m.
. x,_ C. H. KNOWNBURG, C. C.
O- NORCROSS, K. of R. and S.
THE regular monthly 1«-^
full attendance is de-
sired, as Judge Robert Thompson will ad-
dress the meeting.
J. I. SPEAR. Secretary.
ST JOHN Lodge No. 73, A. O. U. " W.- -Mflrtte
Members are requested to attend the £«s?*£
funeral of our late brother, J. O.fB|i|s
JEPHSON, from B'nai B'rith Hall, QSJ^
MONDAY, 4th inst., at 1:30 p.. m. By order
of M. W. J. E. PURDY, Recorder.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 41, A. O. U. .**»>>
W.; will hold open house on Monday^*
evening, April 4. at 32 O'Farrell st.H^S^
All visitors invited. CeaSS"
J. HUESCH, Recorder.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from William Nolden and C.
Kaber, in the Aureole mine, near Oleta,
Amador County, to deposit tailings In Dead-
man Creek, and from George Beattie, in the
Beattie mine at Georgia Slide. El Dorado
County, to deposit tailings behind the dam
of the Gold Bug mine in Canyon Creek, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
6», Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., on
April 11. IS9B, at 1:30 p. m. *
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 SO. postage
free. ■ ■ ■
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, , laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store. 105 Fifth st.
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo. San Francisco.
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 6080.
MISS R. CLEVELAND and assistant from
New York; baths; massage. 29 Grant aye..
room 5.
BERTHA TROY, genuine massage baths. 1015
Market St., room 17, second floor.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Kearny Ht., room 2.
ROOMS papered from $2 50: whitened $1. 543
Third st. and 2SOB Twenty-fourth.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine Rteam and cabinet
baths. 120*4 Geary Bt., room U.
RITTA BLACK, genuine iunssage; manicure;
magnetic treatment. 223 Post St., room 3.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. M 8 Market, room 25, second floor.
MISS L. DEAN, genuine Turkish baths. 906
Market St., room 29. second floor.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post st., room 10, second floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS SUZANNE, from Paris, manicure and
cabinet baths. 140 Eddy st.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor at.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
NOTICE to holders of "Valley Road" Bonds—
The April coupons, Bonds of the San Fran-
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway Com-
pany, will be paid on presentation at the
Bank of California. "Treasurer," on and after
April 1, 1898. ALEXANDER MACKIE.
Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 79 (f-Oc per share) of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable
at the office of the company on and after
FRIDAY, April 1. 1898. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, March 26, 1898, at 13
o'clock m, E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS TANTED-FEMALB.
COMPETENT German nurse, also Swedish
second girl, desire situation. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls awaiting
situations; a Norwegian cook, 5 years last
.plare; 3 Danish housegirls, 6 Swedish house-
work girls, 2 German girls and a number of
Irish girls also; second girls with best city
references. Please call or telephone. MRS.
NORTON. 323 Sutter st. ; tel. Green 721.
FIRST-CLASS German nursery governess de-
sires situation: best reference; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
LADIES looking for first-class help, please call
or send your orders to MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter s=t.
COMPETENT German nurse desires situation;
good seamstress; best of reference. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wants to
work in a small family of 2 persons; good
plain cook: no washing; no children; $15 per
month: the best of city reference; no postals.
245 Natoma st.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes situation
to do housework; is willing and obliging.
Please call lfi Germania avenue, bet. Webster
and Fillmore sts.
NEAT young girl wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework and cooking; wages $20. Call
106 Morris aye., off Bryant.
ELDERLY American woman wishes a place
on ranch; is a good cook and housekeeper.
136 Filth St.. near Howard.
YOUNG Gorman girl wishes situation as up-
stairs Riri, or to wait at table. 802 Larkln
st., corner O'Farrell.
WIDOW desires position as housekeeper; ex-
perienced; no objection to children. 573
Minna St.. near Seventh.
REFINED woman wants housekeeper's posi-
tion; gentleman's family preferred. Box 50,
Call.
RESPECTABLE German woman wants any
kind of work by the day. Call or address
2213K Mason st.
YOUNG strong woman wishes a situation: $10
per month. Addresß R. G., box 104, Call.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants a situation to do
housework or second work. Call at 533%
Minna st.
A STRONG German girl wishes a situation at
cooking and general housework; wages $25.
356 Third st.
A STRONG Gorman girl wishes a situation as
cook and general housework; wages $20. 856
Third st.
DRESSMAKER wishes few more engagements
in familes; terms reasonable: best of refer-
ences. Address A. E. DWYER, 606 Ellis st.
SWEDISH girl for plain cooking or housework:
wages $20 to $25. Call 1300 Pine St., down-
stairs.
FRENCH lady wishes position in first-class
hotel or institution; good seamstress and
chambermaid; capable of any work: refer-
ences; city or country. Box 2SBI, Call office.
RELIABLE young German woman wants place
as working housekeeper: hotel, lodging house
or private; city or country; first-class worker,
also good seamstress. Call or address 816
Greenwich st.
AMERICAN girl wishes situation to do cook-
Ing or downstairs work; best of references.
Box 2887, Call office.
WANTED— Position as traveling: companion to
elderly couple. Address box 2888, Call office.
AN experienced Bngllsh woman as housekeeper
or cook on ranch, city or suburb*. Address
W.. box 8. Call office.
SITUATIONS V A\Ti:D— (ontinnrd.J
WANTED— House-cleaning or general hnuste-
work, by the day; would assist; is good
seamstress and good cook; will wait at table.
639 Turk st.
I YOUNG widow desires position as housekeeper;
i experience and best of references. Address
| 913 Railroad aye., Alameda.
| STRONG young German girl would like to take
in family washing and mending. Address 927
Natoma si.
WOMAN, good German cook, wishes position
in country hotel or mining camp; city refer-
ences. Address box 2902, Call office.
LADY wishes a position as nursery governess
or companion for elderly lady. Address 1820
Hyde st.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
si;<i; Howard St., room 3.
SITUATION for a very competent and reliable
German general house servant. 1023 Market.
POSITION wanted by a respectable woman
with a child S months old; good references.
Address MRS. M. JOHNSON, room 8, Th»
Newport, corner Oak and Franklin sts.
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission Bt., corner of
Seventh; room 10.
YOUNG, healthy wetnurse wishes position.
Call 2228 Pine st.
YOUNG woman, neat and reliable; good cook,
wishes to go to Klondike; strictly business.
Box 2688. Call Office.
SITUATIONS \\ ANTED-MALB.
COOK, stewards, baker, waiters. Call on C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Gearv St.; phone
Grant 185.
CHINESE and Japanese testab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Offlc«; choice
help; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aoki, 30 Gearv st.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414,4 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
SITUATION wanted to do house-cleaning, gar-
dening and generai Jobbing ; over 1 year with
WILLIAM JOHN. Address 20 Sixth St.
WANTED— Situation as gardener by steady
man; can milk, drive; handy about house;
references. Address G. M., 1505 Polk st.
AS valet and experienced invalid or traveling
attendant; European and city; personal ref-
erences. Valet, box 368, Call Office.
YOUNG barber, with 2 years' experience,
wishes place in country, Address 2214 Chest-
nut St., Oakland.
YOUNG man desires position private family
(Protestant) to care horses and cows, gar-
den, etc.; strictly temperate; reference. Ad-
dress B. E. W., box 28SS, Call office.
YOUNG German of good habits, with refer-
ences, desires position with private family;
can take care of horses and work around
house. Box 2867. Call Office.
SWEDE wishes a situation in a private family
as coachman or gardener; good milker; best
of references. Box 2875, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gardener and greenhouse man
wants situation; understands care of horses
and cattle; looking more for home than high
wages; good references. Box 2SB'J, Call orflce.
FIRST-CLASS gardener wants situation; best
of references. Address C, box 7, Call office,
Oakland.
HEAD gardener wishes situation; well posted
in greenhouse work and bedding; married and
best references. Address A., box 6, Call
office. Oakland.
LANDSCAPE gardener posted in orchard grow-
ing or manager in any large place. Address
D., box 2, Call office, Oakland.
MAN familiar with all kinds of office work
wants employment as assistant bookkeeper;
could also act as house or road salesman; sev-
eral years' experience in notion business.
Box 20M, Call office.
COACHMAN (Dane) wishes situation as coach-
man aud gardener; has first-class city and
country references; 3 years' references from
last place. Driver, box 2698, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a steady man, that
could make himself useful in a large estab-
lishment as carpenter or plumber. Address
V.. box 14. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED single German wishes situa-
tion as driver; thoroughly understands the
care of horses. Address box 2900, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by pood reliable man as
grocery clerk. Address box 2901. Call office.
STRONG boy for drug store; state a^e, wages,
etc. Box 2898, Call office.
YOUNG man of character and business edu-
cation desires employment; out of doors part
of the time preferred: best of references given
and required. Box 2571. Call office.
PICTURE framer with machines wants posi-
tion. Box 2604, Call office.
WANTED — By a young man of good address,
work of any kind; will work one week free
If not satisfactory. Address box 2670, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient ~nd respectable; free 'bus
and taggage to and from fer-y.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
LADY'S maid, $20; waitress and parlor maid,
$20, see lady here; 3 second girls, $20 and
$25; 2 nurses, $20 and $25; laundress, private
family, $25; 3 cooks. German style, $25 and
$30; d waitresses and chambermaids, hotels,
etc., $20 and $25, and girls for housework in
city and country- J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child as housekeeper; $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT girl; light work; $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH governess, $25; 3 second girlß, coun-
try, $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED middle-aged woman, Tuolumne
County, $10, fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS. $25; housework girl, $30. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
3 SECOND girls, $25 and $20; nurse, $25; com-
panion, $20; chambermaid, $20: 2 cooks, $35
and $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
!HAMBERMAID and wait one meal, $15; 3
waitresses and chambermaids, $20 each. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutler St.
NURSEGIRL, ranch. $15, fare paid. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN nursery governess, $25; French
nurse, 520; 12 housework girls, city and coun-
try-, $20 and $25; 8 young girls, city and coun-
try. J2O and $25;, 6 young girls, assist, $10 to
$15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN cook, $30, 2 in family. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
H^AD waitress, nice country hotel, $25: call
early. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD waitress, choice pla>w, $40. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
11 WAITRESSES, different country hotels, and
fare advanced; plain laundress, water resort,
$20; cook, hotel, easy place, $25 and fare; 7
restaurant waitresses, $5 and $6 a week. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FAMILY cook. $25: 2 German cooks, $25; 5
housegirls, $20 to $25; 10 young girls, general
housework, $15 to $1S: Gorman girl, Oakland,
$18, see party here; German girl, San Loren-
zo, $20; Swedish hoUKegirl. $20; Swedish sec-
ond girl, Alameda, $15. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. .
GERMAN housogirl; 2 in family; no washing;
$25. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
NEAT Swedish housegirl, Alameda; American
family: $20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
LADIES' maid. $20; nurse, $20; housekeeper,
$15. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. 2 in family, $20; girl to assist,
$10 to $12. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
3 COOKS German style. $25: 4 house girls,
country. $20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
STRONG young woman to cook for 10 to 15
men, near city, $25; 3 waitresses, $20; 4 girls
for housework. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
TWO second girls. Berkeley and city, $20. MRS.
LAURENCE, 306 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS cook for Pan Mateo; refer-
once. MRS. LAURENCE. 306 Sutter St.
2 COOKS, $25; laundress, $25 : seamstress,
German; 10 girls for housework. MRS.
HIRD. 631 Lnrkin st.
SALESLADIES for draper} 1 , fancy and office
work; experienced and apprentices. RAP-
TEN. 1030 Market St.
GIRL for general housework; must understand
German cooking. 1316 Ellis st.
GOOD woman cook; middle-aged preferred.
Inquire at 230 East St.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Call
in the morning, 1429 Post st.
GIRL for housework; $12. 38 Belvedere st.,
back of Chutes grounds.
WOMAN, under 23. light housekeeping; $g
monthly; one in family. Box 1023, Call office.
WOMAN, general housework; plain cooking
small wash, $10; references. Box 2080 Call.
WANTED— Yourife girl for light houseworiT-
sleep home. 1011 Buchanan st.
WANTED— An experienced waitress. 7 Tav-
lor St.. call early.
APPRENTICE girl wanted on tailoring 724
Howard st.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
WA .?fJ ED ~ A ,. Gernlan S |rl ln small family; no
children; $12. 1432 O'Farrell st.
PERFECT waist finisher. $5 a week; wanted^
HELP WANTED— Continued.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; Ger-
man or Swede. 1305 Gough.
I GIRL to assist in housework; sleep home;
wages $10. 710 Hayes st.
STRONG girl for general housework. Call
after 9 at 1511 A Howard st.
LADY not over 45, with $150 cash to invest in
money-making business. Box 1613, CaJl.
OPERATOR finishers and apprentices on
pants. SoS Howard st.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
TAILORESS and experienced apprentice on
custom coats. 76 Harriet st.
LADY stenographer who understands book-
keeping; dental office assistant. 313 Bush st.
SALESLADIES for gloves, notions and ca»Jy
departments; restaurant cashier. 313 Bush.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants. Call
136 Natoma st.
GIRL, housework; plain cooking; family of 3.
Call, 8 to 1 p. m., 1826 A Sutter St. j
GOOD vest hand on buttonhole and bind; also j
apprentice. Rocm 120, 6 Eddy st.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re- i
spectable. 142 Seventh, Girard House.
WANTED— A few young ladies of good figure :
for poses in tableaux vivants. Apply Or- i
pheum, 10 a. m., Monday.
YOUNG girl to assist in light houEework. 123 I
Buena vista aye., near Baker and Halght sts. I
EXPERIENCED custom white shirt operator;
good wages. J. B. DUGGANS, 113 Mont-
gomery st.
APPRENTICE girl; also operator on coats. 107
Fifth St., room L '
NEAT girl for light housework. Apply 2322
Pine st.
GIRL for general housework, 139 Larkin s.t. ;
call Sunday or Monday. S. MONTYNBAND.
GOOD operators on duck pants and waiter
coats; steady work; power. 636 Clay, room 6.
WANTED— Thoroughly first-class millinery
saleswoman to take charge of a department;
Ftate experience and salary expected. Box
2694. Call Office.
OPERATORS on flannel overshirts and under-
wear; a few Inexperienced hands taken and
taught. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36ft Fre-
mont st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S. 103 Poat.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 14 McAllister
at.; open evenings; Sundays, 3 to 5 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
Et. : perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— Neat errand boy, $10 and found; 8
laborers for mill yard, $26 and found; miner,
$50 and found; 10 coal miners, by day or i
contract; fruit peddler. $1 25 day; tailor, for
country, jio week; first-class gardener for !
country, $30 and found; cooks, waiters, cake-
baker, $12 week, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A— 396 WOODCHOPPERS
For different places In California, from $1 25
to $1 cord; 3 teamsters, $1 day and board.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay St.
A— 354 TIEMAKERS
Wanted for different places In California; 6 !
farm hands, $25, $20 and $15; 3 milkers, $25; 2
choreboys. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
A— s COOKS- 5 waiters
3 dishwashers 1 baksr j
1 laundry man short-order cook
from $li to $65 per month and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay St.
A— 36 MORE miners
Coal miners, from $3 50 to $4 day. MURRAY
& READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
636 Clay st.
A— EMPLOYERS OF HELP—
Telephone, telegraph, write or call in person
at our office and procure your help, which
we supply you free of charge. During 1897
we gave seventeen thousand (17,000) positions
to applicants. That's business, is It not?
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay St.; telephone Main 6848.
CHEF and act as steward, springs, $75 to $100;
cook for Nevada, $65 and fare; cook and sec-
ond and dishwasher, country hotel, $115; chef,
summer hotel, $75, 6 months' engagement;
cook, small springs, meat and pastry, $50 to
$60; third cook, springs, $30 and fare ad-
vanced; German second cook, $60; broiler, $50;
baker, country, $40; second baker, $9 a week;
13 waiters, different country hotels, $25; camp
waiters, $25; bell boys, farmers, milkers, tie
makers and woodchoppers and others. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
PAINTER for spring hotel, $35 and found; call
early. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WAITER for springs, $22 50; fare advanced.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Driver for milk wagon In city, ref-
erences required, $3D per month and found;
2 more miners, single-hand work. $52 per
month; 10 coal miners by the day or car;
young German to work in garden, $15 and
found; 2 woodchoppers. Sonoma County, tools
advanced, good lay-out; also farmers, milk-
ers, cooks, waiters and dishwashers. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
SHOEMAKER, job work, this morning; $30
per month and board. JOHNSTON & CO.,
872 Broadway. Oakland.
BELL boy, city, $15; 2 waiters, country, $25.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny St.
CHEF and steward; $100 per month: for the
springs. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WILLING boy to work: also half day Sundays.
Apply Union-square Market, stalls 30 and 32;
wages %1 50 per week.
COMPOSITORS, pressmen and feeders wanted-
first-class only. BRUNT, 535 Clay St., apply
early Monday.
9 MEN for voyage to sea; no experience neces-
sary. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
FIRST-CLASS dyer and cleaner: must be a
tailor. Apply to M. CLINK, Visalia. Cal.
WANTED Dishwasher: young man; lunch
place. 7 Ninth st., 5:30 to 6:30 p. m.
WANTED— Boy with little experience to work
,- in bakery. Apply 486 Hayes st.
MAN to work by the half day. 2759 Mission
street.
CLEANER and dyer wanted. Golden Gate
Dye Works, 342 McAllister st.
WANTED— bootblack at 307 Larkin street.
WANTED— A barkeeper; German preferred.
1063 Market st. ■'■ .
GOOD tailor wanted at 224 Ellis street.
BARBER wanted: young man; must be good
workman. 779 Market st.
BARBER wanted, 16 Taylor st. Call after 8
a. m.
INDUSTRIOUS partner wanted for paying
office: $50 required. Inquire 253 Third st.
MANAGER and bookkeeper; experienced hotel
clerk; traveling wine salesman. 313 Bush st.
$80 PER month between man and wife; work
together as manager and matron; cash busi-
ness; permanent and progressive. 313 Bush.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman wishes work; city
or country. Box 2677, Call Office.
MAN with $150; $50 per month guaranteed. 33
Third st. ■■■• : ■ ,-
WANTED— tailors at 106 Battery
street. . .
COMPOSITORS and pressmen. PACIFIC
PRINTING CO.. 543 Clay St., S. F.
BOY In real estate office to sweep, run errands
and learn business; $12 per month to com-
mence; must live with parents. Address in
applicant's handwriting, box 2909. Call office.
SAILORS, ordinary ■■ seamen, carpenters, coast
Australia. Europe. Herman's, ■26 Steuart st.
GOOD barber wanted: steady for Saturday and
Sunday. " 505 Broadway.
WANTED— Experienced salesman ana buyer
for laces, embroideries and ribbons- state ex-
perience and salary expected. Box 2694. Call.
WAITED— An experienced salesman and buy-
_ Box'^ flce ar^ dePartment AddreS9
WANTED-10 men to occupy clean room«; 1
nights 25c or, 75c week. . 105 New Montgomery.
X t P AIR of men ' s new and seond hand shoes
half price; half soling 35c. 959 Howard st.
BAI fSSfr *?. d - ° rdlnar y seamen wanted at
_ LANES, 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ■ ■ . •
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
■■ er help. E. SIMON, 643 Clay st.
W . AN . T SPr; Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver . House. 217 . -hlrd it.; 150 Urg*'
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764 Mission
st., men to take rooms; 10c, 16c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week. - - : _
BARBEHS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 3.
FUCBS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 13«.
MARKET, 863% (Elcho House)— Single rooms,
12Hc. 15c to 26c per night; week, 75c, $1. $1 25.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
ment. Bernard, Secy., 102 7th; tel. South 628.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to Jl
night; $1 to J4 week; hot and cold baths.
BINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and SI
week. I.,ind<>ll House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Butter.
TRY Acme House, 967 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: Jl a week.
help WANC^D-Contlnn^^
marine corps. >"'<**' between the ages of
bodied, unmarried men. bet « een ln age . g*.
II and 30 years, who aie c««e , v de _
United States, or those n w no na such: must
clared . their Intention to ™£°™ ° nd able to
be of good character and haw ts a
c F^t, nr o^ceOTn^n Pl rancisco. Cal.
AGENTS WANTED.^
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. MO Ml»-
slon 6t.; tel. Mint -___
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to M Mo at-
Komery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel^uams <*.
HOUSES WANTED.
COTTAGE and stable combined: large yard;
about 10 blocks from ferry. ■ Boic^^a^
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
WANTED— rooms, suitable for dressmaker!
central ; furnished or not. 627 Larkln __«_t 1 __ 1
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED to buy a cheap bar about 16 feet
long. Apply at 220 East St., bet. Howard an«
Folsom. - ■ -". ' .
GASOLINE launch wanted, about 30 feet long!
engine 8-horse power. Address, slylng age,
make, description and price, B. H. Flbtifc.K,
321 Market st. -o
WANTED— Second-hand light spring wagon <*
business buggy; cheap; state price. Box ZS3S,
Call ' office. , ■ <
WILL exchange young gentle horse for a styl-
ish cart. Address C. box 6. Call, Oakland.
WANTED— CIose buyers this week to see th«
display and prices in household furniture ot
all kinds. 408 Eleventh st.H. SCHELLHAAS.
Old store. j;^. -■? ■ _^
WANTED— A good Domestic machine. 724*$
Market, st.
WANTED— IOO goa'cs for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo, Chutes, city.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st. - _
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. rpLFMAN. 41 Third.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davlea,
true friends of all invalids, men and women!
E0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIE9, 59
McAllister st. ; pills, $2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditiona
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement!
best care and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsule*. $L
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 918 Post St.. nr. Larkln.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness— Ladies, near
or far. consult free, oniy doctor whn use*
Schenck's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician; safe, sure, reliable cure for all Irreg-
ularities; any cause; restores strength and
vigor of organs; unexcelled; 15 years' prao-
tice; home: best skill: low fees; pills. $2.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore in 1 day; never fails; consulta-
tion free; can be pent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 31S Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used: cure at
office, $5; consultation free; hours 10 to 5.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 60. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st.. Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'R French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, rafe rrnv
edies; 38 years' experience. 26*j£ Fourth St.
I DR. HALL, 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
HOME In confinement: fliflh ns^s of women
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st., Alameda.
1 ■
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; painless extracting
free; we make a specialty of crown and
bridge work; crowns, $3 60; fillings, 50c; all
work painless and warranted 10 years; our
prices are ilwavs the lowest In town. Pa-
cific Dental Parlor, 18 Third st.
NEW YORK dentists, painless extraction. 50c;
teeth per set. $5 to $1<); gold fillings, $1 up;
silver, 50c up; artificial teeth repaired $1
up; our crown and bridge work is the very
best. Office hours — 9 a. m. to 9 p. m • Sun-
days, 9 to 1. 903 Mission St.. corner Sixth;
branch office, 371 Hayes st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
VAN VROOM eleotro-dental parlors; panTlesa
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings, 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up: your
teeth put In without a plate, open evenings.
_W7^ Market St.. cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie 1695.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., nr. 11th l"
no charge for extracting when plates ar«
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
from $8 per set: ertractlng 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
lst. discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teettt
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
819 Market St., Academy of Sciences building
rooms 30, 31 and 32, fifth floor.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE~and F. TEAGUE "
to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
a plate - DR - H - a
LOST\
LOST — Pug dog, male, answers to name of
Baby; reward. 309 Fifth st.
LOST— Fox-terrier; collar with name Spot on
It. Return to 311 Steiner st. ; reward.
CASK given for old gold and silver jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
FOUND.
YOUNG brown filly strayed into my yard:
owner can have same by paying expenses.
Call 410 Maple st.
HORSES.
JUST arrived— so horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard st. ; auction every Tuesday.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia st.
WANTED — 50 old donkeys free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dreae Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city.
<0 HORSES for sal*: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 827 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. STT^LTVAN *■ TX)YLE. Auctlnneera.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
2-SEATED Job leather top business wagon;
Shaw trotting cart. SHAW'S, 1621 Market.
FINE light road buggy; also business buggy;
cheap. 903 Golden Gate aye.
135— LIGHT milk or delivery wagon; a bargalnl
1013 Harrison at.
FAMILY carriage with harness, good as new
$175. Address box 2863, Call office.
FINE laundry, baker's md milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialtyT~prlvate^
no fee without success: collections, wills"
probate, insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages, copartnership, bllis-of-sale. patents,
trademarks, etc. ; established 10 years. G W
HOWE, att-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton"
ADVICE I free; no charge unless successfuL
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. 7IUI7 IU1 -
ELEVENTH. Branch office of > Th« Call-
subscriptions and want ads taken. ' *
storage:. ~
F 'R lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUJUN
121 Sixth st..; open evenings. , ;.,"' : ;^ MA ". .
AT low ' rates— Furniture, . carpets Dlano«_
household goods; \ clean, light compartments-
; advances made. . J. * NOONAN, ; 1017 .to • 1021
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT. lowest rates— Household ■ goods, piano*- ad.
vnnres made: fireproof building  p ' w
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint ÜBI.BUSINESS CHANCES.
IISOO— FIRST-CLASS concert hall and family
resort; established 25 years; north of Mar-
ket: only place of its kind within a large
radius; lull value in sight: clearing now $250
per month; can be increased; satisfactory
proof furnished; Investigate this; it's worth
your while. M. LESS. 7C5 Market. -
$400— DELICACY store; fine location; north of
Market; living rooms; receipts $15 to $1S
dally; greatest bargain In this line. M.
LESS, 765 Market. ■ '■
a jeoo Investment win enable you to
clear at least $175 per month; convincing
proof; neat, clean and legitimate; no previous
experience; any bright man can manage it.
M. LESS, "C 5 Market st.
A PAYING country hotel for sale, . including
building :ind lot, 75x150; 26 rooms, bar, par-
1. v etc.; SO miles from city: lively town; no
competition; must be sold; make offer.
LKffS, 7C."i Market St.
$SOO— CORNER grocery and bar, south of Mar-
ket st.; value in sight; big -bar trade; this
- offer means a great sacrifice, M. LESS, 765
Market st. • \
BUTCHERS, attention— let, a first-class
butcher shop, now running In finest market
of city: established 20 years; dally receipts
$1.*.0 to Jiru; will make rent reasonable; must
be good man; this otter means getting into
an \. business for nothing. Apply to M.
LESS, '66 Market 6t. !.: ■ -
$32'iO— THE best fitted up, and guaranteed to
clear $300 net per month, saloon close to Call
.building; firm class custom; no better busi-
ness offer in the market; investigate at once;
this is a chance of a life time. WILKE. 753
Market st.
{•;''■> SALOON; average daily receipts $10; rent
$2.">: 2 duors from Montgomery st. ; a bargain.
WILKE. 783 Market st.
$150 BRANCH bakery and notions in the Mis-
elori; large school trade; 3 living rooms; low
rent. Inquire WILKE, 783 Market st.
$*r(V-RESTAL'RANT and coffee saloon close to
Baldwin Hotel, doing a rushing and good
paying business; low rent; must be sacrificed;
owner compelled by sickness to retire. Call
WILKE. 7SS Market st.
$6M>— -CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
kept by present owner for years and doing
a good paying business; rare change; fullest
investigation given. WILKE, TSI Market St.
JlL'*— OLD-ESTABLISHED salmon, close to
banks and leading hotels; average daily re-
ceipts- $22; rent !<",O, lease; no night work;
actual- value $2000; owner to retire and going
on his ranch. Call WILKE. 753 Market st.
$500— PARTNER wanted In' old established cor-
ner saloon, doing a first-class paying busi-
ness; very best location in wholesale district;
only honest and Industrious man need ap-
ply. WILKE. 783 Market St.
$150 — [GAR, ttationery and variety store; bar-
gain. Mclaughlin & CO., 23 Keamy st.
SALOON; this is a rare chance for steady
man. McLAUGHLIN & CO., SO Kearny et.
$400— SALOON: bargain; leaving for Klondike.
Mclaughlin A co.. 23 Keamy st.
A^-s3so— HOTEL with good bar: 10 furnished
.. rooms; dining room. KREDO & CO., 22Va
' Geary st.
A— J25O; confectionery and icecream parlors;
elegant place near city. KREDO & CO., 22H
Geary st.
$22.", — SALOON; fine corner; side entrance; eas-
ily worth $600; receipts $15 dally. KREDO
.■-• CO.
WOOD, coal; feed and boarding stable $1200
Partner for Alaska: owns ship 1000
•Saloon, worth 13500; line corner 1300
Meat market. Western Addition 1000-
Restaurant, Market and East 400
- H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
A— s4so; WELL-PAYING corner grocery and
bar.
$2C0 — For a good-paying saloon.
J350 — One-half Interest in good restaurant.
And other restaurants, saloons and bakeries, ■
at ANDERSON A CO.*S, 777 Market st.
A THOROUGH butcher, with lon* experience
as foreman in large concerns, wants situa-
tion, or would trade a fine ranch for an in-
terest in good business. Address J. A., box
142, Call. .
A GENTLEMAN with $1000 to engage in flne-
paying business; 200 per cent on money ln-
vested; fortune to right man: first-class rec-
. ommendations required. Address box 2664,
Curl office.
HORSESHOEING shop; everything first class;
must be sold at once; half price of tools. 701
Greenwich St., near Powell.
-RARE chance; small rooming house and good
saloon; must sell; doing good business. Box
1422. Call Office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale; a
bargain; Investigate. 249 Fourth st.
CORKER saloon in manufacturing portion of
' city. Inquire Albany Brewery.
. PORK-BTORE for sale; cheap; on account of
sickness. 412 M: Sixth st.
FOR SALE Grocery and bar, in pood loca-
, tion. Inquire 730 Minna st., for three days.
. FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale in very best
town ' across the bay; located on corner of
l wo of the most prominent street*: practically
without opposition In Its neighborhood; pos-
itively clearing $200 to $230 per month; owner
there over 7 years and offers his business at
. a great pacriflce on account of departure
• north; no reasonable offer refused. J. C. B. t
box 12. Call office, Oakland.
RELIABLE partner required In business em-
bracing an exceptional opportunity to make
a fortune. ROBERT BURNS, i>47 Broadway,
Oakland.
A— s3oo; NEWS and stationery at a sacrifice
on account of sickness; value over $500; doing
good business. 503 Larkln st.
FIRST-CLASS corner grocery and bar for sale;
very reasonable; owner has to leave for
Europe. Address box 2559, Call office.
5100— BRANCH bakery, candy and notions; good
trade. Address box 2SSS, Call office.
NOTION, stationery and cigar store for sale;
a sacrifice; ITS 165 Eleventh st.. nr. Howard.
WANTED- To buy good shoemaklng business;
will pay good price. Box 9999. Call offlce.
PARTNER, coffee saloon on Market St..
bet. Third and Fourth. Apply 811 Mission. .
GROCERY— Twenty-second and Fair Oaks.
■ E. MARTIN & CO., 411 Market.
J2SO— CORNER saloon; opposite factory; sell on
. account of death. 1121 Harrison st.
1562 FIFTEENTH— Grocery store for sale
cheap; 3 living rooms; tow rent.
$Jso— RANCH bakery an.l notion store; 3 liv-
: Ing rooms. 8012 Sixteenth st.
JCSO— PARTNER wanted In light business; eas-
ily learned; no previous experience required;
. trial given; suited to plain, steady man Bat-
• .lsfled with $15 to $25 a week. 724% Market
. Bt., room 17.
ANY one who has from $5000 to $25,000 to in-
. v*Kt In the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
s ition on the Pacific Coast will find It to
their Interest to write for particulars to
R. W. SWEET, Klrkwood, Cal.
$250— PARTNER wanted in a first-class res-
taurant that will pay $76 to each; this Is a
'chance for a good man. Apply B. CURKAN.
Minna st.
IIAROAIN and bar for sale on ac-
. count of death of the proprietor; living rooms
In rear; low rent. Corner Twenty- fourth and
: . Diamond sts.
' |700 CASH— Oood paying business; branch
. bakery, notions, cigars and laundry; old es-
tablished: no agents. Box 26, Call branch
;•_• office, 106 Eleventh st.
AN old established corner grocery and bar-
. best: In city. SCULLY & SON. 410 Sacra-
. mento- st.
MINNA, Saloon, with 14 lodging rooms, on
•account of removal; price reasonable; cull
; early.
$300 WILL purchase the Nickel salon, stock,
fitting, fixtures, pianoforte; 130 Seventh St.,
near new Postofflce site; no agents.
FOR sale- $1500; grocery and bar In fine loca-
. tion; well stocked: rent $30.' For particulars
. Inquire W. a SCHULTZ & SONS, C 23 Front.
REFINED business lady wlphes gentleman
partner; small capital. Rm. 1, 111 Geary st.
: CIGAR Etand for sale; stock and fixtures. 131
, • Sixth st. .- ■ ,- •',
FOR Restaurant and chophoune; best
location; opposite the ferries. 18 East st.
15c LUNCH parlor, seats 43; doing good busi-
ness; cheap; Investigate. Box 2639 Call office.
ELEVENTH, 108— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
PATENTS-SMITH & r.STIOEN Reglst'd Pat.
Agents; established 1562. 313 Pine 6t.. city.
CAIU'K'- CLEAXIAG.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. O, H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and' 40 Eight 1 st.; telephone South 250..'-
WHEN you become dlegusted with poor work
send to BPAULDIMU'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating "Works, 353-67 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
__lmr._nUeration wks, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
CA ETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relald at 3c.
HATTON, 3 Eighth Bt. ; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Ca. yet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. 1: MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
ct.; cleaning. 3c. a yard; tel. Mission 74.
COtfICLIVS Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden 1
_ Onto ■■■■'•,; t.l. East 126.
TYI'tIWIU'iEUS. ~ ~~
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
ueed for lie cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery
OS J^-5 0od order. $25; Bend for sample work.
BCOTT & BANXAN, 333 Montgomery »t. *■;
■: ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
TO MERCHANTS AND SHIPPERS—
The advertiser has got a steamer that he
will send to St. Michael on or about the sth
of June. You will save time and money on
through rates, to Circle City or Dawson by
sending your address to Freight, box 8883,
Call office.
WANTED— partner with from $5000 to $10,000
to join another that has four times the above
amount to engage in a very profitable busi-
ness on the Yukon. T. P., box 88S4, Call.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and
pood men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $150
of their fare, via St. Mlcnajl. Apply The
Gold Star Co., Mills building. San Fran.
LARGE half-breed St. Bernard female dog for
sale; trained in harness to buggy for chil-
dren. 10 Oak Grove aye.
CARLOAD of work and business horses. 426
Valencia st. •'";-•'■•
$2?O— FIRST-CLASS ticket to Dawson. Box
2363, Call office. __
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sts.
DOG; large; long haired: suitable for Alaska;
. a bargain;' will take $20. .130 Seventh st
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. 11. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter st.
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
at 510 Van Ness aye.
YUKON dog harness; best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN. 1238 Flllmore st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE dogs: also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. KILLIP'S Pale Yard, 1730 Market St.
LODGING 'IioU&ISS FOII SALE].
50 ROOMS, corner house, bay windows;
only •• $2000
25 rooms, sunny corner; offer wanted;
must sell. • ■- '■"■. I-- ■■-•
10 rooms; 8 steady boarders; snap 275!
15-room house; new furniture; price only. 300
23- room house; corner on Fifth st 800 j
22-room house: new and good 750
85 rooms; rent $200: good furniture 2500
20 rooms, on Van Ness aye 1100 I
12 rooms, on O'Farrell: clears $50 500
26 rooms; new and rood 800
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
KREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22"4 Geary.
48 rooms; beat In city $2,000
17 rooms, near Plaza: always full 650
15 rooms, near Market; rent $45 300
14 rooms; Golden Gate; snap 400
10 rooms; Ellis; new and good 300
7 rooms; Market: offices pay rent 200
7 rooms, all rented: clears $15 150
Hundreds of others at your own price.
MONEY TO LOAN — MONEY TO LOAN
15 rooms, Sutter St.; clears $50 $450
20 rooms, new; part cash; only 950
24 rooms. Powell St.; new; $500 cash 1650
33 rooms; rent $100: payments 1000
35 rooms; clears $150; corner; see It 2250
46 rooms, near Baldwin; bargain 1600
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
i $3500—40 ROOMS, elegant furniture; clearing
$200 month; central: north Market.
$1600—27 rooms; sunny corner.
$3"O— rooms: sunny side street.
E. B. HUNSAKER, 6 Eddy St., room 101.
$175—12 rooms; all full; good-paying roomers.
840 Third st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
v KlHM'l'tKi: FOR SALE.
$275— BUYER for furniture in elegant 6-room
flat. 970 Post st.
NEWLY furnished house of 5 rooms; a bar-
gain; going away. Box 2911. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $5
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
Fame as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and j
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. j
Stelnway Dealer*, corner Kearny and Sutter j
etF.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all i
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER. I
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES.
New pianos rented. $3 per month. Repairing '■
and tuning a specialty. Our prices can not
be equaled In San Francisco.
SCOTT-CURT PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes Ft.
ONE Newhall piano $55
One Zech piano 70 '■
One Fischer piano ...; ; 80
Twenty others at all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & PON, 16-20 O'Farrell.
-
: THE best pianos, the lowest prices are offered
by Zeno Mauvals Music Co., 769 Market; agts.
for the celebrated Decker & Son pianos.
SOHMER & CO. Byron Mausy. Newby, Evans,
Bripps and other pianos; see our rent pian; '
no interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
$75— BARGAIN; good Fisher piano. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank.
ON account of departure; upright; new; stand- '
ard make; sacrifice. 1021 Van Ness aye., r. 25.
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price; 12 per month up;
apply on sale. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
PIANOFORTE; barsaln; square grand; want
offer; must sell. 130 Seventh st.
AN -elegant upright piano, slightly used, half
price. Room 12. Flood building.
A— $100; FINE large upright piano; great bar-
pain. X S, 120 A Eddy st.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Pout.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER * CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new." H.
MULLER. maker, repnirer. 2 Latham place.
MONTGOMERY, 627, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call; subscrlp-
tions and want ads taken. ■'-- -■-''-
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
THE leading violets for the leading people;
60,000 strong plants for sale; Princess of
Wales and Lady Hume Campbell, $3 per 100, j
$1 To per BO; Golden Gate. California, Marie j
Louise and Swanley White. $2 per 100, $1 25 I
f per 60. Also 400 assorted palms from 1 to 3 i
' feet hi^h, from 2S cents to $1 25 each; shrubs I
in variety; dahlias a specialty, 6 cents each,
10 cents per dozen; seeds. for sale from finest
strains; special rates to the trade. C. CROCK-
FORD, Grower, Colma, San Mateo - County;
take San Mateo electric car. "
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 137 Beale st.
FOR SALE— Billiard, pool, Tlvoli table. 1
pigeon hole and 1 roulette wheel at a sacri-
fice. 7".7 Harrison st. . ■ . ■
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 inches,
10c: SxlO and 10x12, Xc: 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17, 25c; 1(1x20. 30c; ISx22, 35c; 20x24. 45c; 22x
28. 60c; curtain poles complete, 16c; rm. mold-
lng.all colors.lc ft;open eve. Jones, s47 Mission
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
FOR SALE— pumps, engine and boiler
and large Iron tank. Apply HAVENS &
TOEPKE. Architects, 55 Flood building.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2- bowl barber waghstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
CORNER grocery and bar; chance for live
man. Box 2.',"8. Call office.
FOR sale— Motor; 414 horse-power! G. MA-
__THIEU. 328 Bush st.
ARMota windmill; 2000 gal. tank and pump;
cheap. 8824 Nineteenth st. •
FOR sale— Piano, almost new; cheap. 8598
Eighteenth St., corner Guerrero. . *•
PAINTER outfit for sale cheap. 329 Thirteenth
Street. .
$35— FURNITURE of 8 rooms. Apply at 622
Howard St., upstairs, rear door.
FIRST-CLASS family cow and calf. 18S3 Lom-
bard St., city.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and 7
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st. '
FRESH milch cow, with calf. Apply 2908
Twenty-fourth st.
Laundry machinery, engine*, dynamos.plectri-
cal goods; new, 2d hand. Smith C 0. ,527 Mission.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; -Tel.- So. 787.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, r.33 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand- all
elze»; half original coat. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records. $3 per doz ;
■ Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 93*1-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press
desk and safe cheap... 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters,- shelving, etc,
bought and Fold. • 1063 Mission. . near Seventh!
. SEWING MACHINES.
BUTTONHOLE ; manufacturing machine, sec-
ond-hand,' $35. ' 624 Elizabeth st.; Castro cars.
ALL kinds bought, sold, - exchanged, rented; '
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold ; ''
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 45.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1898.
HOUSES; TO 'LET. -
AL^6v^y"TO\V-N^^^
You see houses to rent iby - BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery. .. ;- : :-r-
HOUSE with a magnificent view and moderate
rent; 7 rooms and bath. For particulars call
or address $29 Union St.
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath and - basement.
1716 Laguria St.; sun all day.
HYDE, 609. near Geary — Sunny; choice; 13
rooms; $50; appreciated if seen; Investigate.
TENTH, Four sunny, rooms; large yard
and basement; rent $8.
TWENTY-THIRD, 2754, near Hampshire— 6
rooms; bath; yard; rent $16. .
$B— HOUSE 6 rooms,* In fine order; healthy;
cheap. 1567. Kearny st., . near Greenwich.
HOUSE and large barn; 7 stalls. 126 Clara
st. NICOL, 410 Kearny st. '
FURNISHED HOUSES.
LOVELY new sunny finely furnished house;
10 rooms; very desirable; reference ex-
changed. Apply 2516 Pine St., 1 to 4 p. m.
SUTTER, 717, near Taylor— Choice; elegant;
Bunny; appreciated If seen; please Investi-
gate; or furniture for Bale cheap; optional.
VAN NESS, 2625—6 rooms; furnished; hot and
cold water, bath; all 'sunny rooms; cheap.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CHEAPEST rooms in town; cottages and flats;
modern; marine view. 1312. Union fit.
COZY cottage, 5 rooms,' bath, yard, stable; $12.
4185 Twenty-sixth St., near Castro.
TO Rent— Modern cottage, 1813 Baker st. 'J. G.
JACKSON. 48 Market st. ■: -\
TWENTIETH, Seven-room cottage, bath,
laundry and basement; suitable for small
business. . . ..
4-r.. $10; 5-r. (new), $15; 7-r. (new), $17; 8-r.,
$18, or will sell, $50 to $200 cash; bal. like rent;
see 'em. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
4 ROOMS. $10, or will sell $50 cash; balance $12
per mo. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
MARKET, 4— Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken. ■
FLATS TO LET.
A— GEARY-ST. flats reduced to $18.
A— Geary-st. flats reduced to $10.
A— house, $32. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished flat 7 rooms; bath:
large yard; basement free; tel, Black 3032.
BOWIE aye., 3, off Eleventh, near Howard—
Lower flat 4 rooms; bath, gas and tubs.
ELEGANT up-to-date flats; Just completed;
sun all day; marine view. Larkln & Jackson.
CLAY, 1J33, cor. Polk— s22 50; sunny bay-win-
dow flat, 6 rooms, bathroom.
FINE flat, 6 rooms and bath; all modern Im-
provements; 523 McAllister st., between Van
Nese aye. and Franklin st. Apply at 623
Golden Gate aye.
FLATS. 5 and 6 rooms; improvements; cellar;
one block Jackson-st. cars. 1135 Pacific st.,
near Jones.
FLAT of 4 rocms; sun all day; rent $10. 2043
Harrison st., off Eighteenth.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath; laundry; cellar; op-
posite Lurllne Baths; sun all day. 1212 Larkln.
JONES, 319— Pleasant cozy modern lower flat.
LINDEN, 331— rooms and bath. Call at 328 j
Fell st. ■
MINNA, 649— Bunny corner flat, 5 • rooms and j
alcove; large yard; $12.
NEW modern flat; 6 rooms and bath; near to
High School, 16 Seymour aye., off Golden
Gate aye.
TWENTIETH. 3455, near Capp— To let, new flat
of 7 sunny rooms and bath; modern Improve-
ments; also flat of 4 rooms and bath, 3442
Twentieth, near Capp.
TWENTY-THIRD 4073, near Castro— Lower, 4
rooms, modern, $13; 3984 Nineteenth St., near
Noe, lower 4 rooms, modern. $14; 599 Noe. cor-
ner Nineteenth, lower 4 rooms, modern, $15; 47
Pond, off Sixteenth, half block from Market,
i upper 5 rooms, modern, $16, water free.
! WASHINGTON. 1704, near Polk— s22 60; sunny
bay-window flat. 6 rooms and bathroom.
4 ROOMS and bath; basement and yard. 812
Waller st. '-,
$15— MODERN upper flat; 6 rooms, basement,
yard; water free. 341 Jersey st.; Castro or
Twenty-second st. cars.
$16— FLAT; 6 rooms and bath; yard. 28 Wash-
ington aye.. off Mission St., near Ninth.
$16— TOP flat of 5 rooms and bath. 1909 Geary
street. '
$18— PINE, 1627%. between Van Ness aye and
Franklin; lower flat, 6 rooms and bath. I
Apply DAVID STERN & SONS, 20 Mont-
gomery st. . . .
tit.— LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms, j
bath. 624 Golden Gate aye.. near Van Ness.
FURNISHED FLATS.
A HANDSOME middle flat; every convenience;
piano; garden. 1517 Golden Gate aye.
PACIFIC aye., 2411 A, near Flllmore—
flat; references required.
WEBSTER, .SOOB — Bunny corner flat and cot-
tage; complete for housekeeping; also un- ]
furnished cottage.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
CHESTNUT, 275— 2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping; marine view.
BARTLETT. 329— Two furnished rooms, with i
kitchen, pantry, bath; conveniences for
housekeeping. .
BUSH, 1203—3 or 4 housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished, with bath.
EDDY, 604—2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping.
EDDY, 915— or 4 unfurnished or furnished !
rooms; gas; range; fine location; private resi-
dence.
EDDY. funny, nicely furnished connecting j
housekpg rms.: gas range; splendid location. I
I EIGHTEENTH. 3.1J.8, cor. Guerrero— House-
keeping rooms; all front; well furnished;
cheap: suitable for married couple.
ELEVENTH. lOC— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FELL, 452— Nice furnished sunny bay-window;
kitchen; suitable for 2; quiet place; rent $10. j
FIFTEENTH, 2136, north of Market— 3 or 4
pleasant housekeeping rooms, • furnished or
. unfurnished, In cottage; adults; Castro cable.
FIFTH, 225—3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$13 50; one, $7; double parlors, kitchen, $23.
FOLSOM, — Complete sunny housekeeping I
rocms; also single room; quiet family; cheap. i
FOLSOM, 1136—3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
FOLSOM, 1081— furnished housekeeping
rooms; basement; $7.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 156—2 furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE, 620—3 sunny housekeeping |
rooms, complete; first floor; rent $20 per mo.
GEARY, 618— Large Bunny bay-window suite; I
other rooms;; housekeeping privileges.-
GROVE, 202. cor. Van Ness aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suites with gas stove. ■
HARRISON, 731— Four rooms, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; large yard; bath-
rent $16.
HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison— fur-
ntshed housekeeping rooms; man and wife. .
HOWARD, 611—2 rooms complete for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
HOWARD, 821— Housekeeping rooms; suites $9;
single |$7 per month.
HYDE, 1745— Housekeeping rooms, furnished or
unfurnished; cheap.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— Unfurnished '
room and kitchen ; reasonable.
MISSION, 829—2 housekeeping rooms, $10;
neatly furnished. - : ■ ,
MISSION, 1729%, near Thirteenth— Two sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath; laun- '
dry; $8. -.-: j
NATOMA, 577— Sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; 2 for $7, $9, $10. , ■
OCTAVIA. 263— 56; sunny housekeeping room;
small Jewish family; suitable man and wife;
bath. . . , - - .- .-
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Bay-window,
.: with mantel and kitchen; gas stove; $14. •'
OCTAVIA, 2519—3 unfurnished rooms, front and I
: sunny; rent $15. v .
POLK, Sunny bay-window rooms, fur-
nished and unfurnished; suites, $7, or single,
$4; bath. - ■• -,.:
POWELL, .- 415—2 sunny front • rooms, ■ unfur-
nished, for housekeeping; running water, gas.
POWELL, 907V4. near Sacramento— 3 \ sunny
connecting rooms; furnished; no children; $15.
PROSPECT place, 123, off California and Powell
— 1 or 2 rooms, with kitchen, storage, con-
nected, to $15; private German family. j-.h-
SHOTWELL, 231— Unfurnished sunny bay-win-
dow, room In private family, v . :  v
SOUTH PARK, Sunny suite of rooms; fur-
nished or unfurnished ; - bath: private.
SUITE *of two nice front • sunny housekeeping
I rooms; -folding bed in kitchen;, bedroom suit
to match In bedroom; furniture all new $3
per week; suitable for 3 or 4 persons. Apply
at shoe store, 562 Mission st., bet. First and
Second sts. ..-, : .. '■>•«-.%
THIRD, ':■ 334—2 sunny unfurnished . housekeep-
■ ing rooms; rent $5. ■',-'.•.■..",, -,!' . . : : .-?••• '.-,••■ ■
THREE sunny . rooms complete - for housekeep-
ing at 'll36 Folsom st. -,'
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued
TWELFTH. 145—2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
VALENCIA, 1154— Large sunny front room,
carpeted, suitable for housek'g; also others.
VAN NESS, 410— Sunny front room. $15; back
parlor, $10, grate (kitchen If desired); others,
$7 upward: gas, bath, etc. ■ ■ • '-•;;,-;
$17— SUNNY rooms, bath ; Alameda or ; city.
606E Shotwell st. . • , \.... ■•;.-.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:SO
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tion* and want ada taken. ..... . 
ROOMS TO LET.
ALTON. 204 .McAllister— Sunny front suites;
large single rms.; reasonable; housekeeping.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton : st. Trunks
moved to any part of city, 35c; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in -every respect; terms reasonable. " ;
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen: references given.
BUSH, 72S— Sunny bay-window rooms, fur-
nished; apply bet. 6 and 8 p. m. ; gentlemen.
CENTRAL House, 52 2d— Good family a single
rms.; day, 25, 50c; wk.. $1 25, $2 50; mo.. $5 up.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis St., corner Mason—
single rooms and suites; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms. $8 and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY, 113— Neat sunny single room for gentle-
men; $5 50. ' '
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
£>0c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families. v
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. -' .
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
ELLIS. Nice sunny room.
FELL, Front sunny suite, with bath;
newly furnished.- .-■■-.■.; •.■■■••?
FIFTH, 309— Clean sunny single rooms, running
water, $6; bay-window room, $10.
FRANKLIN, Nicely furnished sunny cor.
room; bath, gas; quiet fam.; very reasonable.
FULTON, 29— Fine large back parlor; also sin-
gle room; bath and gas. -
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission; select family
rooming house: $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 715, ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up. ■
HYDE 1747— large sunny rooms; bay-
.■ window, grate, etc., $16. ; .
LARKIN. 1200— Sunny furnished front rooms In
private family, $4 per month and. upward;
board if desired. "
LARKIN, Sunny furnished room; bath.
LEAVENWORTH, 1521—2 or 3 large rooms;
hot water; bath; lower part of private house;
rent cheap. ■•■•• '
MCALLISTER, 511— Nicely furnished sunny sin-
gle room; running water; bath; gas; reas.
! MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
| bay-window room, $1 a week. ,
I MISSION, 1146, rear laundry, nr. Seventh— Fur-
nished rms $3 month; central respectable.
I MISSION, 1206— Large bay-window room, ele-
gantly furnished: very quiet; board optional.
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— rooms, $1 50
$4 50 wk., $6 to $15 mo.; also housekeelng.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Single sunny room,
1 running water and gas, $6. |
OAK, 22— Nicely furnished modern rooms. $6
and $8 mo.; suitable for 2; nice location.
O'FAKRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10. .
POLK, 609— Elegantly furnished sunny front
suite, with piano; desirable for music teacher.
POST, 615- Handsome sunny suites and single
rooms; very reasonable.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class' ln every respect.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth at.,
near Market; furnished and unfurnished, j
SILVER STATE, -is European; ele-
I gant rms; suite, single; day, week, month;
baths; hot and cold water; transient: elev'tr.
SIXTH, 119 A. cor, Minna (The Piedmont)—
{licely furnished modern sunny front rooms.
STEVENSON, 79. next corner — Tailors'
workrooms to let.
STOCKTON. 242— Nice sunny rooms, facing
plaza; suites,' single;- baths; running water;
day, week, month. i
BUTTER, 715-717-719- Furnished and unfurnish-
ed: choice and sunny; reasonable; Investigate.
TURK, . 10— Newly fviratshod sunny suite;" new
buildlnr; references. . ' ~* -■" .
TURK, E39— Nicely' furnished sunny single and
double rooms; $6 mo. up; housekp'g If desired.
TURK, — Large sunny room; running
water.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
Ptnte3 or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. ■ ____^_^___
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
BEAUTIFUL sunny suite, . newly furnished,
southern exposure, building new; also single
rooms, with board; -Van Ness; references.
Address box 2587. Call office.
FELL, -26— Sunny parlor, with lst-class board
for 2. $35 mo.; single rooms; gents preferred.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $1 to $5 per week; nice location.
FULTON, 553 (The Mizpah)— A qtn>t family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
HYDE, 925 — Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet: homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTH ERTON.
HYDE, Double , and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. $8 per
week, with nice ninny front room. $4 weak.
PUTTER. 1123— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms, with board; overlooking garden; baths.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3392, comer Guerrero— Pri-
vate boarding house; sunny rooms; newly
furnished.
VAN NESS aye., SOS— Beautiful sunny rooms;
' modern; newly furnished: with board.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
WANTED— 2 or 3 children to board; nice sunny
yard. Call 1412 Hyde Ft., downstairs. g
WIDOW having her own home would like th«
care of a baby; mother's care. MRS. SHIV-
ERS, Antloch. Cal. . .
WANTED— to I*board;1 * board; best of cans; terms
$10. 1034 McAllister St. . __^
AN elderly lady will take infants to board; a
mother's care: references. 234% Sixth st.
STORES TO LET.
ASHTON & GARDINER, -
411 Montgomery st.
$15— 2106 . Market St., near Octavla, ',
$50—1532 Market et.. near Larkln.
$22 50—816 Howard St., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
$15— ■ Montgomery aye., near Broadway. '
$05— 308 Montgomery aye., near Dupont.
$18—627 Broadway, near Montgomery aye.
il 23—340 Fourth St., near Harrison.
$25—221 Natoma st.; with fine oven.
35— 11 City Hall aye. ' ■ V"
: 60—8 Commercial st., near Ferries.
140—20 Sacramento st., near Ferries. -.?.*.
$18—1229 Dupont St.. near Montgomery aye.
140—717 Larkln st., bet. O'Farrell and Ellis.
$120— 479-455 -Valencia St., cor. Sixteenth.
$40—314 Montgomery aye., near Dupont st. :
$B— l6oo Pacific aye., near Polk. - . ;
$15—229 Fourth st., bet. Howard and Folsom.
$25 — Valencia St., near Twenty-second. -..;.
CORNER store and kitchen; two side en-
trances ; ' new house; good for • barber . shop;
rent $10. 3450 Twenty-fifth st., corner Va-
lencia, .near Depot. . .. . . . _'.
LEAVENWORTH, 1525, cor. of Pacific— Store
and 2 rooms; rent reduced. ■ - v- ..- --•-
TWENTY-FOURTH, corner Vlcksburg— Corner
-store, 4 rooms: $14; sta.ble_lf_requlred.
STABLES TO LET.
TO RENT— A stable for livery or dairy buai-
ness. 445 Valencia st. .
— PROPOSALS. ~
S AN?TOANCISCd, ■ Cal.. ' April X 1898!— Sealed
'. proposals. in triplicate, will be received here
. and at office of Quartermaster until 11
o'clock a. m., Monday, May 2, 1898; and . then
, ■ opened, • for . furnishing, during fiscal ' year
commencing July . 1, 1898, forage and straw
■ for San . Diego Barracks, Cal. ; also at same
. time, ;at this office only, for fonu»" and
straw for Alcatraz Island. Angel Island, Fort
Baker. Benicia Barracks, Fort Mason, Presidio
'of San - Francisco - and San . Francisco, Cal.
.Government reserves right to reject or accept
any or all bids, or any part thereof. Preference
: • given ■to articles -. of American production,
conditions of price and quality '(including In
the price of ;. foreign productions .the duty
. thereon) :, being - equal, and - such preference
given to articles of American production pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast, to extent of. con-
sumption required by the public service there.
;■: All information furnished on application to
; quartermaster at ■ San . Diego Barracks, or . to
undersigned. : Envelopes •; containing, bids, to
:i be .-;• indorsed .-.- "Proposals ■■:, for; Forage : * and
Straw," and addressed to said quartermaster,
or to JAMES M. MOORE, Assistant Quarter-
master General, U. S. A., Chief Quarter-
.- master. ■•■.■■■" .-•-■. ;.:- ■--"::■,■)■:■• *■ . -■.. - --■ ■ ■
■:, ■■";.■: :,;,: physicians. ,■ ":■..:-/:,_ ,
DR. C. 'C. 'O'DO^NELL,*- office ' and residence,
, ;' 1206 Market; diseases of woman ' a specialty.
•0-V PERSONALS. r
YOUNG man would like the acquaintance of a
young lady;; view to matrimony; Gennaa pre-
ferred. Box 2579. Call office. -. .■-.■■■-. ; .."■. V
MR. CONRAD KOHLER wants to see his son,
JACOB KOHLER, la San Francisco s about
particular business. . - '
.■.-.;■;./' :'\r MATRIMONIAL. : ... '• .'.. ■■',
ALL seeking marriage send 10c and postage for
March "Wedding Bell"; 16 pages; no $5 re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis St., San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
QUINONIA Is a perfect hair tonic and harm-
less. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN, 570 33d St., Oakland. Cal.
MUSIC furnished for all occasions; brass or
string. Box 2612. Call office. . .
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third st,. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
23c to $1 60 per- night: $1 50 to $6 per week:
. free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office ; 10, 113 Grant
avenue. -•'..- .■ '
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. • 535 Clay fit.. S. F.
AGENT wanted to- take orders for merchant
-, tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO,, 116 Kearny st.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS, 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale .figures. 20 Sansome St..
TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market ft., bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st. ■■ .
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. it.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK. the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family ' troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost.
Stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals: tell* your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms, MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 1206 Market st., opp. Sixth. -,
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading: ladles 50c,
gouts $1; palm, and clalrv. ; sit. $1 50. 120 Turk.
MISS PEARL HARR.ISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2, 120% Geary st.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. .
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— In her pro- '
fesslon; never falls: advice; help. 920 Post. ■ ■
l MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 2'>r up; charms given. 7?. Fourth st.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment, 401 Lea vnwth.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves in the
world. HOLMES ft CO., 416-418 Jackson st.
SPIRIM'IJALISItI.
FROF. FISHER and Mrs. Se«ley; test meet-
Ing to-night, Bp. m. ; 10c. 997 Market st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business . medium:
sittings dally. 123 Vi Sixth st., room 14.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia; sittings.
$1; circles Tues.. 2: Sat. eve., 8 p. m.; 25c.
M. - FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 213 Stockton st.
lIYPNOTISM-
COLLEGE S>ig. Therapeutics, Larkln; sci-
ences; hypnotism; private lessons aft., evg.;
classes Mon.,Thur. cv. , Mrs. Dr.Turman.pres.
S. F. College of Suggestive Therapeutics re-
moved to 247 Larkln St.. corner McAllister;
10 a. m. to 4 p. m. . Dr. S. Turman. President.
EDUCATIONAL. ~~
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical. colleges; accredited
' with Stanford University, Cooper College, etc. ;
day and evening sessions; ref., Pres. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building. •
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction In shorthand, , typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. : life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
- thorough. Room 572, 855 Market Bt.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other
Instruments taught, by lady teachers. 3941
Twenty-fourth st. ' .
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. purvey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
es=t. 1864. VAN DER NAILEN. 933 Market.
WEBSTER. 21074— Piano teacher; studied in
Paris; terms reasonable; best references.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, pkano, Paris graduate: French.
{ Spanish ;. new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
357 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ails taken.
LEGAL, NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California— ln the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
RILL, deceased.— Notice of sale of real es-
tate.
Notice Is hereby given that In pursuance of
an order of the Superior Court of the city and
' county of San Francisco, State of California,
made on the 21st day. of . March, 1898, In the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TEH-
RILL, deceased, : the undersigned, ANNIE H.
TERRILL, as executrix of the last will of
said CHARLES C. TEKRILL, deceased, will
sell at private sale, to the highest bidder. In
one parcel and for cash in the gold coin of |
the United States, on or after the 12th day
of April, 1898, the offers or bids to be received
at the offices of E. F. PRESTON, KSQ
1004-1007 Claus Sprtckels building, San Fran-
cisco, all the right, title, interest and estate
of the Bald CHARLES C. TERRILL at the
time of his death, And all me right, title and
Interest that the estate has, by operation of
law or otherwise, acquired other than or In
addition to that of the said CHARLES C
TERRILL at the time of his death, in and |
- to till that certain lot. piece or parcel of land
situate in said city and county of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, : and bounded and
described as follows, to wit:
That lot, piece or parcel of land situate as
aforesaid which is bounded by a line com-
mencing at the • southwesterly corner of Va-
lencia and Hermann streets, .being the point
of intersection of the southerly line of Her-
" mann street with the westerly line of Va-
lencia street, and running thence southerly
along the said westerly side of Valencia
street seventy-five (75) feet to a point; thence
at a right angle westerly, on a line parallel
with Hermann street, ninety (90) feet to a
point; thence at a right angle southerly on a
line parallel > with Valencia . street, twenty-
five (25) feet to a point; thence at a right
angle . westerly on a line parallel with Her-
mann street, seventy-five (75) feet; and to a
point in the easterly line of Elgin Park-
thence at a right angle northerly and alone
the said easterly line or Elgin Park, one
hundred (100) feet and to a point in the said
southerly line of Hermann street: and thence
easterly, along the said southerly line of
Hermann street, one . hundred and . sixty-five
(165) feet and to the point of commencement
the same being a part of Mission block num- I
ber twenty-two (22) as the said block is i
shown and so designated on the official man !
of said city and county, together with the !
improvements thereon and the appurtenances
thereof.
1 ANNIE H. TERRILL. Executrix of the
Estate of CHARLES C. TERRILL, deceased.
• Dated, March 26, 1898, ,.--.. ! a
;E. F. PRESTON, Attorney for Executrix.
NOTICE to creditors— of MARY GOFF
deceased— Notice; Is hereby given by the un-
dersigned, A. C. FREESE, administrator of
the estate of MARY GOFF. deceased, to the
creditors of and ; all : persons having claims
against the ■: said deceased to exhibit : them
with the necessary vouchers within four
months after the first publication of this no-
\ tice ito the said administrator, at room 35
Chronicle < building, - corner of Geary and
Kearny streets, , the same being his place for
the transaction of the business of the said
eotato in ' the ■ City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California. ■ . -
;,..:--■:> ... --. v /.; i.. r ~\.k*J.< A. C. FREESE, ■-
Administrator of the estate of ' MAR GOFF,
. deceased. '- ■■" . • . '- ■•.-;■
J. D. SULLIVAN, Attorney for Administra-
tor. -i -.-- ■■■••<,-.'• ..:-■-■'•: ■'•-■-■■• -, : •• ■.■ ■ -. ... -
\ Dated at San Francisco, March 26, IS9B. :
CITY and County : Treasury, > San Francisco"
March 16, IS9B— compliance with the provis- ''■
: . ions of section 6 of order 159S of the Board of
■ : Supervisors, . approved September 15, ISBO
• there will be sold at public auction by E s'
Bpear & . Co.. at their salesrooms. •• 31 and 33
Butter street, on •- — :*: :■: ■ ■ ■- ■•*•■
. ■.-- MONDAY, 18, 1898. V
' At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen
i lost and unclaimed property recovered.by the
f. police force of San Francisco, .as detailed in
: an . Inventory ; thereof on : file In the office *of
.the clerk of the Board of -Supervisors, and
- : consisting \of ' Jewelry, • wearing apparel, ' pis-
tols, knives, etc.: also a lot of trunk*, valises
clothing, etc., property of ■ deceased persons
; ■ received ' from ? the ■ Coroner : of this ■- city ; and '
' : county. - ' Open for Inspection on * morning of
sale. ; : .:, x A. CWIDBER,; .< ■>
► , ■ City and County Treasurer. , :
CITY REI^L ESTATES.
$550— 200x230: RAILROAD Homestead Associa-
tion, near Capitol st., Ocean View.
$700—80x130; E side old ; San Jose road, be- :
tween Worden and Farragut ayes. ; West End :
; Map No. 2, , CHAS. C. FISHER, 624 Market.
FOR sale— New cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
• 433 Nineteenth • st. GEO. W. H. PATTER-
SON CO., 1708 Market st. .
FOR SALE— SIOOO, Improved Mission lot, 24x100;
positive bargain; half . cash. Box 2892. . Call.
627 MONTGOMERY. cor. Clay— Open until 9:39
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Bubscrip-
tlon« wnrt want ads taken. -
COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE.
A— slBoo acre-ranch, 500 apricot, peach and
prune trees; few acres grapes and straw-
berries; . acre alfalfa; house, barn, horses,
■ poultry, furniture; fare $3 40. SPECK & CO..
602 Market st. ,
LOVELY 6-acre orchard home; good buildings;
abundance of pure water, etc. : best loca-
tion; within 1 miles of Haywards; only $2100.
N. D. SI6KELS. '.he LAND AGENT,
. 14 A Geary St., near Chronicle building.
MILL VALLEY: for sale, house, furnished or
unfurnished. Apply 526 Turk st.
TEHAMA County, 80 acres partly fenced; good
water. Apply 403 Bryant. . '. :• 1-j; ■-
TWO ranches, both improved, with good crop
prospects even this year, for . sale or ex-
change for city or Oakland property; a rare
bargain, as owner is Unable to look after
them. Particulars of J. W. Nye. 314 Mont-
gomery St., room 6, from 9 to 10 o'clock a.
m. and 2 to 3 p. m. dally.
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara Co.. bet.
: Stanford University and Mountain .View; 1
mile from Mayfield: house 7 rooms: 2 cottages
4 rooms; garden, orchard, etc: will rent low
for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenant. » Apply C.
S. CAPP & CO.. Real Est. Agts.. 630 Market.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. CaL
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. '.
20- ACRE ranch for rent; house, 5 rooms; bam;
small stock, chickens, pigeons, 350-egg incu-
bator; 2 horses, wagon, cart, ' harness, 3 cows,
1 hog. Implements; $5 month rent. E. H. P.,
Diamond Postofflce. ■ . t
SNAP— ?BSO; 2 lots on Claremont aye., 50x150; 3
blocks from Telegraph-aye. carhouse; 10. min-
utes' from City Hall: must sell; make offer;
owner. DAHLGREN, 522^ Hayes st., S. .F.
MUST be sold— Corner lot. 100x150, - with 5
houses, bringing In a rental of $8.1 per month;
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will be sold In whole or part; offer wanted.
J. CALLAGHAN. 814 Broadway. Oakland.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE. ;
GO to Fruitvale to-day and see those fine new
homes, close to station; easy terms; 4, 5 & 8
rooms. D. Pratt, Frultvala (McCarthy Co.)
OAKLAND HOUSES.
— EIGHT-room furnished house; 7 min-
utes from Clinton station; Haywards electric
car passes door; grounds, orchard, stable;
half block Lake Merrltt; piano. 1311 Fourth
aye. - - •
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE. -
FURNITURE! and household goods very cheap I
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 408
Eleventh st.. Oakland. '?- *■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
1 $750— 50x270; modern cottage 6 rooms, near
| • school house.
! $1200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
i 6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
! $1600— Lot f.0x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
; bath: near Chestnut station.
$2850— 5150 cash: $25 per month; lot 40x150; only
2 blocks from station and nlgn school.
$37.10 — New house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
, 42x160; choice location; very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park St.
COTTAGES WANTED
A STEADY, quiet city gentleman (no family)
wishes to rent, for the summer or by the
year, a small, nicely furnished cottage with
garden or grounds, In Alameda County; must
be convenient to railroad; not beyond Hay-
i wards: terms must be moderate. Address G.
; H.. box 10, Call Branch Office, Oakland..
itI.HK! i.i;\ REAL fcSTATE^
A THOROUGHLY welt-bullt 7 rooms';
large lot; street work done; near university;
j easy terms. JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Es-
tate, Berkeley station. -■
BERKELEY HOUSES.
BERKELEY— Furnished cottage, electric lights
throughout, to rent for the summer. 2115
Bancroft way, near Berkeley Station; $25.
REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL land, 1% miles from Haywards,
in Castro Valley, in 5 and 10 acre tracts; $150
per acre: easy terms.
5 acres in town of Haywards; 2 acres in
fruit; house 7 rooms, barn, well, windmill,
tank; facing; 2 sts. ; $3150. Call or address P.
WILBERT. Castro nr. B St., Haywards, Cal.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 4s minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
= !
PROPERTY TO KXCIIANGI,
100 RANCHES* 3 to 2500 acres; all prices. s
2 stores and 6-room flat; in city $5,000
House, 6 rooms; lot 100x160; in Stockton 3,000
20 orres; ail in fruit; good house for
rooming-house 3,000
Store and 2 flats; rented for $61, • for
ranch 8,000
4 lots in Millbrae; for cash only; bar-
gain.
Lot in Santa Rosa for hardware... 600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth. S. F.
PROPERTY to exchange— acres of grain I
and fruit land in Tehama County, 8% miles
from railroad station, to exchange for resi- I
dence in San Francisco In residence portion
' of the city; land valued nt $20,000; free of in-
cumbrance; residence offered for exchange
must be unincumbered. Address box 232, Sac- '
ramento, Cal.
WHAT have you to exchange for East Berke- i
ley residence lot? furniture preferred. EX. !
106 Eleventh st. - • ■
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— Chicken ranch of about 10 acres
in Alameda County. Address box 2905. Call.
JHONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate;
Id and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. : at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth:
tel. South 14. :-.•.■:..'.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal, advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st: tel. Green 204.
15 UP vto any amount on indorsed ! paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business j
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E. •
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rate?; no commission; $25 up;
| private party. BONN ELLI, 130 Powell St.
GO to a regular licensed : pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St., upstairs; strictly private; . low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
QUICK on furniture, pianos: no removal; no-
commis. ; low interest ;: Rm. 68. ; 1170 Market.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates.. Becker & Co.. 32S Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgagee estates In pro-
late., etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: ar.y sum: Ist and Id mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market it,
ON pianos, furniture: no "removal: lowest
rates; no com.; private. , 116 McAllister st. ■
SIXTH, 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and Jewelry. - ■-■■•■'•■
7 ;, , --'. ;; ; ; financial. :■;;,;
LOANS on - real ; estate, bonds,'' etc.: lowest
rates. MoAFKK BROS., log Montgomery st.
. - PAWNBROKERS.' *
SAVE interest and borrow from the CUT RATES
LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason st. ; private rooms.
BIRTHS — DEATHS,
.■ Birth, - marriage \ and i death ■ notices sent "by
mall . will not •»■ be , , Inserted. . : They must ■" be
hande-1 ; In ;at ; either of the ' publication ■ offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
' of : persons : authorized to have the . same pub-
lished. i ■
'•-• ■•■■■■■■• : .- : . ■'.'■' ." ■ BORN.
AUSTIN— 'Pacific Grove, March 22, 1898, to
the wife of Ed Austin, a son. .
— v •■, , . . . ■ .-•-..■-
CASSADY— :' Salinas. March 31. 1898, to the'
wife of E. J. Cassady. a daughter. . .
REIDE— In San Rafael, March 29, 1898, to the
wife of F. Relde, a son. : '
VARIEN— In Paciflo Grove. March 22. IS3B, to
the wife of W. H. Varlen, a son.
MARRIED.
BINGMAN— LUTTRELL— In Yreka, March ii.
1898, ' by the Rev. R. E Wenk, Henry I. Blng-
man . and Agnes Luttrell, both of Indian
Creek. ■;
HORGAN— BRODHOFF— In Pinole, March 23.
' 1698,". by the Rev. Father O'Brien, D. J. Hor-
I gan and , Lydia Brodhoff. ;
VEZUIA— MERRITT— In Soriora. . March 26,
IS9B, by Justice of the Peace W. S. Cooper.
Napoleon L. Vezuia and Mrs. Kate Merrltt.
DIED.
Byrne. Bridget Llchtenberg, Mrs. C.
Basse, Marie McEllany, Arthur
Bertleson. C. McHugh, Patrick
Chodrick. Maud A. Mitchell. Michael
- Craig, Lillian Murphy. Francis
■ Cockrlll, Mrs. M. Moss. Joseph
Darling, Grace G. Neylon. Thomas P.
Dunn, Mary Nelson, John
Dionne, Augustine O'Connor. Rev. P. J.
Durand. Leon Rosenstlrn. Frances
Farrell, Mary A. Reed, Mrs. Kate B.
Hoffmeister. Louise Scott, Erastus A.
Hodgkins. Raymond Spear, Augustus V.
" Kornalirens. '-Ralph Sandal, Christina
King, Mary A. , Sullivan. Jeremiah
Kelly, Ann : :-• ii Tracy, John H.
■ Van Ness, William
BYRNE— In ; this : city, April 2. IS9S, Bridget
Byrne, a native of County Louth. Ireland,
aged 6."> years. ' _ ■■■■-
tCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
j of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street.
thence to St. Patrick^ Church for services.
Interment Holy Crosß'Cemetery.
BASSE— In Temescal. " Alameda County, Cal.,
April 2. ISM, Marie, beloved wife of G.
. Basse, a native of Switzerland, aged 64 years.
IC^Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend- the. funeral this da.«
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, First avenue and Summer street,
Temescal. Interment Mountain View Ceme.
. tery.
BERTLESON— Near Salinas, March 31, 1898, C.
Bertleson, . a native 'of Denmark, agefl 64
years. . : . ■
CHODRICK— In this city. April 2, 1898, Maud.
Agnes, beloved daughter of Nellie and Wil-
liam Chodriek, a - native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 10 months and 11 days.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 ' o'clock, - from ; the residenca
of the parents, 127 Clara street.
CRAIG— In Stent, April 1, 1898, Lillian Craig,
a native of California, aged 5 years.
! COCKRILL— In San Jose, March 31, 1898, Mrs.
. May Cockrill, aged 46 years 9 months and 5
days, ■ • o
DARLING— In this city, April 1, 1898, of diph-
theria. Grace Gertrude, • aged 7 years, and 9
'months, and Florence 1., aged 5 years and 4
■ months, beloved and only children |of John
H. and Annie Darling, and sisters of the
late John Edward ' Darling, natives of San
Francisco. *•
ETThe funeral will take . place this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of their parents, 75 Clementina street. Inter-
ment strictly private in Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. -
DUNN— In-thla city, April 3. 1898, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Luke Dunn, a native
of Chicago, aged M years.
DIONNE— In Yreka, March 30, 1898, Augustlna
" Dionne, a native of Canada, aged 79 years.
DURAND— the City and County Hospital.
April 3, 1898, Leon Durand, a native of
France, aged 45 years.
FARRELL— Oakland. April 3, 189?, Mary
Ann, beloved mother of Thomas F. Farrell
a native of County Longford, Ireland, age«
63 years and 8 months.
HOFFMEISTER— In Berlin, Germany, Louis*
Hoffmeister, beloved mother of Baroness
Anna ■ yon Meyerinck. i
HODGKINS— In Oakland, April I, 1898, Ray-
mond Leslie,- Infant son of Andrew L. and
Henrietta Eliza Hodgkins, a native of Oak-
land, aged 1 month and 14 days. ...
KORNAHRENS— In Oakland, April 3. 1898.
Ralph John, Infant son of Jacob and Mar-
garet Kornahrens, a native of Oakland, aged
2 months and IS days.
KING— this city, April 2, 1898, Mary A.,
beloved wife of Otis B. King, and mother of
Mrs. J. F. Clemens and Mrs. Richard Klr-
man, a native of New Hampshire, aged 44
years. . ■
KELLY— San Jose. April 1, 1898, Ann Kelly,
a native of Ireland, aged 60 years. '
LICHTENBERG — In Bremen, Germany, March
29, 1898, Mrs. Caroline Llchtenberg, aged S3
years.
McELLANY— In this city. April 1. 1898, Arthur,
beloved son of Patrick and Mary McEllany,
and brother of ■ Sadie and Delia McEllany,
Mrs. Rose Kottemann and : Mrs. Katie Kll-
, roy, a native of Ireland, aged 32 years. •
IJd^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth, and thence to St.
Brendan's Church, corner of Fremont and
Harrison streets, for services," at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. -
McHUGH— In this city, April 2, 1898, Patrick,
beloved husband" of Annie McHugh, and
father of Rosan McHugh, a native of County
Fermanagh. Ireland, aged 54 years. A mem-
ber of Division No. 6, A. O. H., and Golden
Gate Camp No. 64, Woodmen of the World.
• lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of James MoMenomy & Son, 1057 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Brendan's Church
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ! 'x>,'-t*i ■-•'•-■"-•■■"■
MITCHELL— In this city, April 1. 1898, Mich-
ael, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Mitchell, and father of T. J.. John, Delia,
Nellie and Katie Mitchell and Mrs. James
Duffy, a native of Galway, Ireland, aged 52
years. (New York papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances -are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Gantner & Guntz. 8 and 10 City Hall square,
thence to Mission • Dolores Church, corner
Sixteenth and Dolores : streets, : for services,
commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. .. ' , '>
MURPHY— In this city, April 1, 1898, Francis,
beloved son of Anna and the late Daniel
Murphy, a native of San . Francisco, . aged .24
years.
(t^The funeral will take ' place this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2737 California street. Interment pri-
vate.
MOSS— In Sullivans Creek, March 28, ' 1898,
Joseph Moss, a native 'of Louisiana, aged 90
years.
NEYLON— In this city, April 2, 1898, Thomas
P., beloved son of Thomas G. and Annie
Neylon, and grandson of Mrs. Elizabeth Ney-
lon, a native of San Francisco, aged- %
months and 14 days. ;
NELSON— In Olema, March 30, 1898, John Nel-
son, aged 80 years. , . :
O'CONNOR— In Los Angeles, April 1. IS3B,
Rev. Patrick J. > O'Connor .of St. James
Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero streets,
San Francisco, a native of Ballylongford,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 44 years. .
(t?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from St. James Church, Twenty-
third and ' Guerrero streets, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROSENSTIRN-In ■ Berkeley, April S. 1808.
Frances Florence, dearly beloved daughter
of Dr. Julius and Johana Rosenstlrn; and sis-
ter of Emily Olga, Alfred and Eric Rosen-
stlrn, a native of San : Francisco, aged 18
years 8 months and 4 days.
. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the family
residence, corner of Bancroft way and -Col-
lege avenue, Berkeley. Interment strictly
private. Please omit flowers. " ,' •■
REED— Antioch, March 23, 1898, Mrs. Kate
B. Reed, a native of New York, aged 61 yearn
. 3 months and 9 days. * .
SCOTT— In Oakland. April 3. 1898, • Eraatus A.
Scott, a native of New York, aged 'BB years
; 9 months and 12 days. ■ • .
SPEAR— In Oakland. April 3, 1898. Augustus
; Frederick Spear, a native of East Oakland,
aged 14 years S months and 9 days.
SANDAL— In Pinole, March 28, 1898,. Christina
. Sandal, a native of Sweden, aged 36 years.
SULLIVAN— this city. April 2. 1898. Jere-
miah, beloved husband of Mary. Sullivan, a
native of County . Cork, Ireland, aged 49
years. f ... , .
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, - 723 Natoma ■ street, ' thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated . for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
TRACY— In this city, April 1, 1898. John H.
Tracy, beloved . son of Mrs. Margaret Casey
and the late Edward Tracy, and brother of
Lizzie Tracy, a native of San Francisco,
: aged 37 years.
. |C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
, (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 411% Natoma street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high mass
• will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. ■- Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery. - ■,'"--
VAN NESS— the City and County Hospital,
April 3, 1898, William Van Ness, a native, of
New Jersey, . aged 60 • yeors.
Y. L. Young Ladles' Institute No. 2— Dear
' Sisters:,. You are hereby notified that a mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of ■•■ our deceased sister. Cella A. Gallagher,
to-morrow 1 (Tuesday) morning, at 9 o'clock,
at Sacred Heart Church,: Fell and Flllmore
• streets. ' Friends and ' members ■of the order
are Invited to attend. ~ ' * .
ELIZABETH G. MANLEY. Pres.
"* JOSEPHINE T. MOLLOY. Sec. ,' •
— ™M cAVOY & callacher7™^T
I FUNEHAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
I 20 HTTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln BcaoaL • I
I ' - Telephone, South SO. . |
11. b. m'avoy. Manager. -- -■ ■
IV\cf±\lO-Y & CO., : I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3, I
1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th. 1
- Telephone, South 247. ■■■■-> V. j t
910
JOB PRINTERS
ARE OUT
ON STRIKE
Fully Three Hundred
Men Have Quit the
" Case."
The Result of a Move
ment for a Shorter
Work-Day.
Many Efforts Have Been Made
to Arbitrate, but All Have
Failed.
WILL BE NO VIOLENCE.
Strike Committee Has Been Instructed
to Maintain the Strictest Order
Everywhere.
The strike of the local hook and Joh
printers for a shorter workday may now
ho said to he fairly on, although the ac
tual number of men and offices Involved
will not he known until later on In the
day. The International Union decided to
Bubmit the matter of a shorter workday
to* a referendum vote of Its entire raem
bershlp.
The result was that the nine-hour reso
lution was adopted, but each subordinate
union was given the privilege of selecting
the time to enforce the schedule in Its
own city, provided It should not pass a
limit set by the International committee.
New York choM January 1, IS9S, and like
other Easurn cities had little trouble In
enforcing the new scale. San Francisco
union selected April 4. and for some weeks
past the committees from the union and
the Typothetae. or association of em
ployera, have been discussing the situa
tlon, looking toward a peaceable settle
ment.
Many r,f the offices, including those of
the Star, Hinion, Kilmer & Rollins,
Brown, Meese ■£• Craddoek, Francis, Val
entine & Co., Phillips & Smythe, Com
mercial News, Alonanan, Theatrical Pub
lishing Company, Sterritt, Bannock Bros.,
Cubery, and all the weekly publications
of ;he city have signified their willing
aeea to accept the new scale.
The establishments of Althof & Bahls,
Brunt & Co.. Bosqui Engraving and
Printing Company, \V. C. Brown Com
pany, Brown & Bley Company, Bus well
Company, H. S. Crocktr Company, Cali
fornia Electrotype Company, Dempster
Bros., 1 »: i kman-Jones Company, Frank
Eastman & Co., Freygang-Leary Com
pany, Julias (iabriel. L. E. Hackett,
Hicks-Judd Company, E. C. Hughes, E.
A. Janssen iv Co., Levison Printing Com
pany, Frank Malloye. C. A. Murdock &
Co., J. B. Bfclntyre, E. C. McCullough &
go., Mysell-Kollins Company, Phillips
Bros.. Pariser <fc Sons, John \\ . Roberts,
Schmidt Label and Lithographing Com
pany, Gteorge Spaulding & Co.. D. S. Stan
ley & Co., 1-:. IX Taylor Company, P. J.
. Thomas, Upton 8r06., Valleau & Peter
son, Joseph Wlnterburn Company have
not as yet signified their willingness to
allow the men the same wages for nine
hours' work as they formerly did for ten,
and Saturday night thf employes of such
Of these establishments as were not al
ready non-union offices quietly laid down
their sticks and rules, washed the ink off
their fingers, and without a word from
either side went home, to stay away until
they are sent for.
An adjourned meeting of the union was
held yesterday afternoon, and the reports
of the "fathers of the chapels" showed
that the men had all stood firm. A strike
. oinmlttee was appointed to watch the
• -tikes and note down the names of all
who enter or leave, but In accordance
uith the old-established policy of the I.
T. U. no violence will be permitted under
any circumstances, no matter what the
provocation.
The actual number of men Involved is
not yet known, but it will orowd the three
hundred mark closely. Xon-union print
ers are, and have for some time been,
very scarce in this city, and it is part of
the tactics of the printers to pay a non
union man handsomely to leave the city,
j at her than resort to violent measures.
The proprietors themselves have abso
lutely no fear of violence, and in many of
the offices striking men who had belong
ings Inside were allowed to enter and
tarry them away without being molested
or even watched.
The majority of the proprietors regard
the action of their men as a very regret
table step, as they have the best of feel
ing toward the union and its members,
l>ut claim that the profit margins are al
ready bo small that they cannot pay the
itdvance Rnd meet their business obliga
tions. Many of the offices which are men
tioned as holding out against the union
have always been non-union offices, and
ts President Hawkes said, in speaking of
this: "There are some very good men on
the list, but they are in very bad com
pany."
It is needless to state that both sides
are confident of winning out within a few
days, but owing to the number of people
Involved, the struggle will perhaps be a
long one in some of the offices. Two of the
largest offices do work of a nature that
requires a man thoroughly accustomed to
that peculiar branch of the trade, and a
U*»w man, be he over so competent, would
make but a poor showing in attempting
to do it. It is expected that these offices
will be among the first to yield. Many of
the other offices are small concerns, em
ploying but one or two men, and these
Will be enabled to hold out an almost in
definito length of time, as much of their
work is of such a nature that It can be
flone by men with little experience.
Signs have been posted in many of the
offices to the effect that they are "open
Bhops"; open alike to union or non-union
men, but as a union man is not permitted
to work In these, this is considered as a
lock-out.
The union men will all assemble at
headquarters this morning, where any of
their employers who desire their services
under the new scale can obtain them.
None of the strikers will be permitted to
loiter arounl In tho vicinity of the boy
rotted Hhors, as the strictest order Is to
■lie maintained.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is the baby too thin?
Does he increase too slow-
ly in weight?
Arc you in constant fear
he will be ill?
Then give him more flesh.
Give him more power to
resist disease. He certainly
needs a fat-forming food.
Scott's Emulsion is just
that food. It will make the
baby plump; increase the
weight; bring color to the
cheeks, and prosperity to the
whole body. Thin children
rake t it as naturally as they
iiu u> tiicir milk.
foe. and fx.oo, all druggists.
THRICE ARMED IS
HE WHO HAS HIS
QUARREL JUST
The Cause of the United States and Cuba
Against Spam Upheld hu the
Churches,
PROCLAIM CUBA'S RE
LEASE.
At the Olivet Congregational Church
Rev. H. T. Shepard preached yesterday
morning of Christian emancipation from
| the text:
He hath sent me to proclaim release to the
captives.— Luke 1\:1S.
He said In part:
The struggle for Cuban freedom may be said
to have begun with Cuba's discovery In 1492,
when it was peopled by aborigines, "living in
a state of happy tranquillity among them
selves"; but the whole of this population had
disappeared from the island before 156U, and
the present conflict between Spain and native
Cubans of Spanish blood, reir.furc-ed by negro
allies, has been confined chiefly to the present
century. The revolution that broke out in
IMS was marked by a declaration of indepen
| dence by the Creoles of Cuba and continued for
ten years, this including Grant's administra
tion of eight years. Diplomatic complications
with England, and Secretary Fish's weakness,
left Cuba in the meshes of Spain's lavish and
faithless promises of reform, and Cuba re
newed its light for freedom from unjust taxa
; tion and military tyranny, and continued it,
till, to-day, success seems near.
1 Cuba Is fighting for the same cause of civil
and religious liberty that Moses defended in
Ugypt, and that Isaiah proclaimed to the He
| brew captives in Babylon In words which
Christ quoted and applied to himself in our
text. During the ten years war Cuba's end
was thwarted by duplicity that reminds one
I strongly of King Pharaoh's broken promises.
' Jehovah grew weary of diplomacy after the
tenth plague and marshaled Nature's forces to
intercede for the independence of the Hebrews.
But Secretary Fish was less determined than
Moaea, and Cuba's captives toil In chains to
; the present hour. A fellow feeling of the coni
1 mon cause of civil and religious liberty should
prompt us to befriend Cuba In her struggle for
freedom. The Insurgents are fighting for the
same principle of no taxation without repre-
I seiuatlon that Inspired our fathers in 1773.
They went without their tea, but Cuba Is
I starving for bread. The I'ilgrtms rebelled
I against civil and religious oppression, and a
I province that has been estimated within a few
I years to have "100,000 children of free par
j ents," of which "not a tenth part receive let
! tered education of any kind," and of which
I the chief city "can scarcely be said to have
! any literature," and a province where only
i one religion is tolerated, surely has most un
1 questionable cause for rebellion ngalnst the
barbarous paternalism of Its oppressor*, and
Insistence upon an independence from these
oppressors as absolute as that for which the
Pilgrims fought and bled.
The time has come when our Government
I has no right to consider more than two
I courses In Its relation to these suffering pa
; triots. One of these is declaration of Cuban
! Independence. There are two reasons for this
! step. One is that this Independence Is un
[ questionably and unqualifiedly right, and that
i anything less is most certainly wrong; and the
' other Is that evasion of this duty Is only an
i Invitation to Spain to repeat the farce of dip
! lomatlc dalliance and Ingenuous assurance
HOSSANA IN
THE HIGHEST
Palm Sunday was appropriately ob- I
served in the various churches of the city,
In the Catholic churches by the solemn
ceremony of the consecration and distri
bution of palms and the reading of the
Passion. And in the churches of other
denominations by the delivery of sermons
specially applicable.
The attendance at all the churches was
large, as the day was beautiful. The cer
emonies commemorative of the triumphal
entry of Christ into Jerusalem are impos
ing and attendance at Palm Sunday ser
vices is generally large.
CONFIRMATION AT ST.
PAUL'S.
Palm Sunday is confirmation day with
the German Lutherans. At St- Paul's
Church a class of thirty-five presented
themselves before Pastor Buehler to pub
licly take upon themselves the sacred
vows. Twenty manly boys and fifteen
modest, white-attired maidens knelt be
fore the smilax draped altar. Palms
waved and nodded all around, white cal
las In banks on either side gave a restful
sense of purity and serenity, and the
fragrant St. Joseph Illy wafted its per
fume as Incense above the fair young
heads. Roses, white and pink with smi
lax, wreathed the arch over a pure white
cross.
The organ prelude "Give Ear, O, Lord,"
was followed by the choral "Come, Holy
Spirit."
Examination of the class on doctrinal
points and general Biblical knowledge
followed. The pastor then gave an im
pressive address from the text, St. John
6:67: "Will you also go away?" in which
he emphasized the importance of the
question and answer. He said the ques
tion is put to each human soul from the
Master as it was to the twelve, and can
be answered rightly only from one motive
and for one reason as by Peter.
The motive Is love for Him from whom
the question came, and the reason im
plicit belief In Peter's confession that
there is none other to whom men can go
for words of eternal life. He dwelt upon
the necessity of considering well the ques
tion before giving answer, but having
once decided, of allowing no circum
stances in the shifting scenes of after life
to swerve them from the original faith
confessed.
A hand was laid upon each bowed head
In blessing and supplication as the in
dividual name was repeated, and the
3 - oung people passed down from the altar
steps with vows before their God upon
them and members of the church visible.
AT ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL.
The members of T. M. I. Council No. 58
and the cadets of Company A of the
League of the Cross received communion
in a body. This was followed by a sermon
by Rev. P. C. Yorke on "The Victor's
Palm."
Father Torke spoke of the success of
the mission week that has just closed,
and urged hia hearers not to forget the
lessons of the mission nor to turn from
the path of repentance that so many had
chosen. "This Is the day of salvation,"
he said, "and he who delays or turns
from the path of righteousness is in dan
ger of eternal punishment."
ST. IGNATIUS CHURCH.
The morning service was devoted to the
reading of the passion and the distribu
tion and consecration of palms. In the
evening a solemn benediction was ob
served, and a lecture was delivered by
Rev. Father D. MaVioncy.
CENTRAL METHODIST.
Rev. Charles Edward Locke delivered
a eertnon to a lajg-Q congregation. Hia
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1898.
which disgraced the regime of Secretary Fish,
settled nothing, and left poor Cuba to struggle
on alone.
The only honorable alternative of declaration
of Independence la immediate armed Interven
tion. One reason for this course is that dec
laration of independence without armed inter
vention might be ignored by Spain, and so re
quire enforcement, and another is that Spain
might choose the path of wisdom and Bubmlt
without resistance.
The United States owes Cuban Independence
to Spain as the friendly act of a Christian na
tion for crushing Spain's unholy pride. A
monarchy that exercises a strict censorship of
its press, and that will tolerate a paper that
repeats with approval De Lome's declaration
that our President Is a "pothouse politician
and caterer to the rabble," and that the United
States Government is at heart as base as its
jingoes, "scoundrels by nature, toads filled
with nactiness," and "not even worth Spanish
contempt, or the saliva with which they
might honor us in spitting at our faces,"
sorely needs humbling, and to supply this need
would be an act of Oirlstlan friendship.
The t'nited States owes Cuban independence
to Spain that her cruelty may be overcome.
It Is most unfriendly to Spain to allow her
captain-general to add another 200.000 dead to
the 200.000 formerly peaceful and happy Cubans
that Weyler's order has starved.
Autonomy, past, present and future, is far
ctcal and impossible. Belligerency could do
but little toward the goal that must be
reached before lasting peace is achieved. Sug
gestion of purchase comes too late. The least
that Spain should be compelled to do Is wholly
to loosen her cruel hold upon Cuba without
compensation.
We owe the Independence of Cuba to our
Government In pursuance of the spirit of the
Monroe doctrine, and above all, to common
humanity.
AMERICA WILL BE JUS
TIFIED.
From the pulpit of the Bethany Con
gregational Church, Rev. W. C. Pond, D.
D., last night poured into Spain a Bibli
cal broadside of righteous Indignation,
and declared that it would be consistent
with the teachings of Christianity for the
United States to engage in a war with
Spain. His text was Matthew 10:34: "I
'came not to send peace but a sword." In
part the speaker said: "Krom the Pacific
to the Atlantic, throughout all the mag
nificent breadth of this land, the people' 3
ears are attaint to hear, perhaps before,
the setting of to-morrow's sun, the
trumpet call to arms. The freedom of
Cuba cannot be submitted to arbitration.
God intends for Cuba to be free and He
has made us a strong nation in order that
we may free her. This is the Christian
view of the question. The American peo
ple have heard Cuba's cry for aJd, and
her vengeance is In our hands. The tem
per of the people is fast reaching that
point where It can be no longer held In
text was "If a man die shall ha live
again?" He said: "This has been asked
by many anxious Inquirers from the day
of the Patriarch Job down to the present
time.
"I desire to give you some arguments
on the immortality of the soul, outside of
the Bible, which you can place alongside
of the unanswerable Scriptural argu
ments as strong and influential evidence:
First, In the natural world annihilation
is a myth. Your home burns down, but
no force is destroyed. By a slow process
of growth the soil and rain and sunlight
and atmosphere are transformed into the
tree, which furnishes the building ma
terial. Combustion simply releases these
forces and they go back to their original
condition. So it was at a point In crea
tion, out of material in existence God
made mans body. But from the depths
of infinite resources God gave man what
other animals do not possess — a living
soul. Death is combustion. The body
in death returns to the earth, and the
soul to the region of its nativity."
A LENTEN SERMON.
Following Is an extract of the sermon
of Rev. F. B. Cherington at Plymouth
Church, delivered yesterday from the
text. "But I keep my body under and
bring it into subjection." I Cor., ix:27.
"This is ; the Lenten season, and
thoughts in keeping with this text are
uppermost in millions of minds. Sincere
ly and Intelligently observed the rigid
self-discipline of Lent ought to be fruit
ful- of great spiritual profit. If, how
ever, we have the Idea in observing Its
rigorous 1 requirements, that during the
remainder of the year we may let the
reins upon ourselves loose just In pro
portion as we tighten them now we will
miss the very heart of the whole signifi
cance of It. Self-denial lies at the very
threshold of the Christian life. 'If a man
will follow let him deny himself,' said
Jesus. The philosophy of the demand Is
that nearly all the most destructive
vices have their roots in self -indulgence:
The vices of temper, so : often regarded
as venial, so trifling, that one hardly need
be ashamed of them, but ■ really second
only to the awful vice of drunkenness it
self in their misery breeding effects; all
the vices of greed, dishonesty, over
reaching in business, oppression. . The
true spirit of self-denial would strike at
the root of all these vices in destroying
self-indulgence, or . even checking it.
Lenten self-discipline ought to ■ deepen 1
and '■- intensify love of justice; ought to
increase loyalty to duty; ought to make
us as anxious to know and : perform our
duties as we ordinarily are to find out
and secure our rights. It ought also to
make us more patient, more- kind, more
tender in our sympathies; in short, more
Christllke. Let us not forget that en
during virtues - are not easily acquired.
Like the beautiful forms painted upon
delicate chinaware, they must be - burned
into the texture of our characters > by
fierce fires. To attain high spiritual ex
cellence like Paul we need ' to :■ keep our
bodies under and bring them into sub
jection." ' ' ■■■ -■-..:-
MEMORIAL PRESBYTERIAN
V CHURCH.
Rev. Herbert N. ; Bevler delivered '? an
eloquent sermon, taking for his text the
words of ' the hosts as i Christ was tri
umphantly entering: the city of Jeru
salem: "They took branches of palm
trees and .went forth to meet Him." :*.: .■
It being the Intention of J. F. Kennedy, suc
cessor to ; Morris & ; Kennedy, art \ dealers, :■ 21
Post street, to retire : from t business, he offers
his large stock irrespective of cost. .' '■-. ' • ■•...'
'■ ■' .- :—: — •m ■ ... • 
: Chiming bells have been attached to
the ■ bicycles used by J a cycling j club in
Galveston, ? and ; the > twenty- four 3 young
men' and women who comprise It | whirl
along the streets to the airs of popular
, music. v • • '■ i -*- .'._ . . -,
check. War is an evil, but there are
worse things than war. The President's
foot is upon the brake, but not from
fear, for when the time Is ripe he will
be found the right man in the right place.
If Spain is so unwise as to engage this
country in a war she will be beaten, de
spoiled and bankrupted, but from the war
she may be made one of the great na
tions, such as her blood entitles her to
be."
After the sermon the congregation
joined in with the choir in singing the
national hymn.
WAR THE AUXILIARY OF
LOVE.
Rev. W. A. Gardiner chose "War, the
Auxiliary of Love," as the topic of his
address, delivered yesterday morning in
the Westside Christian Church. Among
other things he said: "War is the topic
of conversation, and the questions asked
whether it would be Christlanlike to have
war, and in the event of such a move
should the Christian people Join the
forces? 'Love worketh no ill to his
neighbor,' 'if hungry feed him and thirsty
give him drink.' God is love, and this
love is learned by the study of Jesus
Christ. Christ drove the thieves from the
temple, which was a_spirlt of jß'ar as
much as 'it would "be for the United
States to stretch forth her hands to suf
fering Cuba and say to Spain, Forbear.
Christians should join where the law of
love demands war. War is certainly ter
rible, but far better than dishonorable
peace."
SPOKE OF MR. McX IN LEY'S
POLICY.
At the Richmond Congregational
Church last evening Rev. P. Coombs
spoke of President McKinley's policy in
the present emergency. In part, he said:
"Policy is characteristic of America. The
President of this nation is in hopes that
a point may be gained for the people
without bloodshed, and he is following
this course through the fear of God.
Many people want war, but McKinley will
gain the independence of Cuba, if possi
ble, without that dreadful move which
throws two countries into bloodshed and
misery. It is wise statesmanship and the
line he is following should please the
American people, as it shows conclusively
that our President is a God-fearing man
and believes in the Almighty. I pray
there may be no war, but peace between
the two countries and independence for
the suffering Cubans."
CAMPBELL DIES
IN SAN QLENTIN
The "Aristocratic" Book
Thief Has Gone to a
Higher Court.
Was the Scion of a Respectable
Family of New York
City.
Ha Was Afflicted With a Penchant
for Stealing the Property
of Others.
The police were Informed last night that
Calvin Warde Campbell, the "aristocrat
ic" book thief, who was sent to San
Quentin from this city, died in that in
stitution a few days ago. Campbell, it
was claimed, was the scion of a respect
able and wealthy family of New York,
but as he was continually in trouble on
account of his penchant for helping him
self to other people's property, his
parents decided to cast him adrift in the
hope that he would mend his ways.
He came to this coast several years ago
and located In San Joee, where he en
gaged in business. Meeting with reverses,
he became despondent and took to drink.
Finding himself penniless in a short
time, he returned to his old tricks, and
being caught in the act of taking the
property of another he was sent to the
penitentiary for eighteen months.
He was discharged about six months
ago and came to this city. Visiting Coop
er's book store on Market street, he
picked up a volume of Shakespeare's
works and, placing It under his coat,
started to leave. The clerk at once missed
the book, and suspecting that Campbell
had taken it, he called a policeman and
had him searched. The book was found
under his coat, and he was arrested on a
charge of petty larceny. During his trial
it developed that he was an ex-convict,
and accordingly a "prior conviction" was
recorded against him. He was convicted
after a short trial and sent to San Quen
tin for one year.
It is claimed that his death was due to
consumption.
HANDBALL GAMES.
A Number of Close Contests Played
at the Occidental Court.
A number of well-contested games were
played yesterday at the Occidental hand
ball court. The best game was between
D. O'Brien and T. Lyden against the
crack amateur, L. Kenny. The scores
are as follows:
D. O'Brien and T. Lyden vs. L. Kenny,
20-21, 21— IS, 1&-21.
Other games by some of the best players
in the city were as follows:
Mr. Collins vs. Mr. Daly, champion of
Oakland, 21—19, 21—18, 21—16; A. Colins and
Hayden vs. W. Hassell and B. Clements,
21-19, 21-12, 21-19; A. O'Hara and M.
Piper vs. B. Crawford and Armstrong
21—12, 21-8, 21—14; J. Shaw and F. Muli
mlx vs. McCue and J. Duffey, 21—19, 19—21,
21—17; A. Hansen and J. Sullivan vs. C.
Harstom and Colman, 21—19, 18—21, 21—17;
Bauch and Smyth vs. Mahoney and Mey
er, 21-00, 21—00, 21—00; Schweitzer and
Giles, 21-16, 17-21, 21-19; B. Clements vs.
A. Hansen, 21—19, 19—21, 21—2.
Bun Down by a Bicyclist.
P. Golbcrg. 2826 Bush street, while step
ping off a Larkin-street car at Grove
street yesterday afternoon, was knocked
down by a bicyclist. The bicyclist, a
young man, was als-: thrown to the
ground, but escaped without a scratch.
Goiberg was unable to rise to his feet and
had to be carried to the Receiving Hospi
tal, where it was found that his only in
jury was a badly contused hip.
Free, ; 1 month's treatment. : New cure. Asthma
cur« 4Ui p\*y eujefl, © r . Ctordln, ftll Pine at.
RECORD MADE
AT SCHUETZEN
A. Streeker, on the San
Rafael Range, Taps His
Highest Score.
E. Eging Captures the First
Prize in the Annual Shoot
of the Turners.
Eight Thousand Picnickers Make
Merry at the California Schuet
zen Park Sunday.
The rifle range at Schuetzen Park, near
San Rafael, was crowded yesterday from
early morning until late in the after
noon, and the great park was a scene of
animation. Fully 8000 picnickers as
sembled on the grounds to celebrate the
opening of Schuetzen Park for the season
of '98. The morning trains conveyed
great crowds of pleasure seekers, and by
noon fully 6000 picnickers were making
merry. At least 3000 arrived on later
trains, and during the afternoon every
available inch of ground was occupied.
The crowds thronged the bowling alley,
shooting galleries, swings, dancing pa
vilion and the many other amusement
centers in the great picnic park. Manager
Fred Schueman was the recipient of in
numerable congratulations on the success
of the opening of the season.
The greatest interest was naturally
manifested on the rifle range, where the
San Francisco Turner Schuetzen held its
annual shoot for medals and prizes. As
the marksmen made bullseyes through
out the day the cheering grew apace, and
an air of excitement pervaded the range,
increasing in the afternoon as the contest
narrowed down to an intensely exciting
finish.
Besides the great shoot of the Turner
Schuetzen for prizes, the California
Schuetzen Club held its regular monthly
bullseye shoot. The shooting In this con
test would have taken place next Sun
day, but owing to the fact that the mem
bers of the California Schuetzen Club
hold their semi-annual prize shoot next
Sunday on the San Rafael range, the
builseye shoot was held yesterday. The
regular monthly medal shoot of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club was also held yes
terday.
The Vereln Eintracht also held its
monthly medal contest, and the members
of the San Francisco Grutli competed in
their regular monthly meual shoot. The
Turner Schuetzen also shot in its medal
contest. These four organizations had
their finest marksmen on the range, and
the targets were kept bobbing up and
down incessantly throughout the day,
while a perfect stream of lead perforated
the bullseyes and the shots resounded
throughout the canyons.
Philo Jacoby, the veteran marksman
and organizer of the world famous Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club, D. W. McLaugh
lin, the Shooting King, John Utschig,
senior and junior, and many others of the
crack shots participated in the contests
on the range. The wind was just, suffi
cient to blow the smoke of the powder
away from the butts, and the sun shone,
strong and steady, on the targets during
the entire day. The contest could not
have been held under more favorable con
ditions.
The Utschlgs, senior and Junior, won
the special prizes offered by the San
Francisco Turners for the first bullseyes
in the forenoon and the afternoon. C.
Eging secured the last bullseye in the
morning and also captured the prize
offered for the best shot in the 25 ring
after the first bullseye. In the afternoon
John Utschig, Sr., again captured the
prizes for the last 25 and the last bulls
eye and also the special prize for shoot
ing the most tickets. It was strictly
Utschlgs' day.
Adolph Streeker, one of the crack shots
of the California Schuetzen Club, beat the
world's record on the ring targets yes
terday by making 561 rings in 20 shots.
This extraordinary score was made in the
combined medal and hullseye shoot of
the California Schuetzen Club. Strecker
beat his own record by 9 points, having
made on a former occasion 452 points.
When Strecker's phenomenal score was
announced there were cheers given for
the marksman by all the members of the
California Club. Strecker's fine work did
not end at this record, for he scored 17
out of 20 bullseyes, equaling John
Utschig's record in the California Schuet
zen Club. The work done by Strecker
was the one topic of conversation during
the afternoon.
C. Eging captured the first prize in the
Turners' prize shooot, making a score of
96 out of a possible 100.
In the great prize shoot of the San
Francisco Turner Schuetzen the follow
ing marksmen made the highest scores in
the competition for the cash prizes offered
by the club:
C. Eging 96. John Utschie Sr. 95, O. H.
Pape 94, C. Eging 93, A. Ehrenpfort 92. W.
Gnetze 92, F. A. Kuhls 92, Captain F. Attin
ger 91, A. Strecker 91, D. W. McLaughlln 91,
F. P. Schuester 90, C. J. Walden 90. C. Thler
bach ?9, John ITtfchlg Jr. 88, C. Meyer S8 F.
E. Mason 87, Captain Kuhnle 86, A. Jungblut
83, O. Bremer 82, L. Thlerbach 81. L. Haake
SO, L. Hauser 79, A. Bruess 71.
The members of the San Francisco Ve
reln Eintraeh*. leld their regulai monthly
medal shoot, the winners in winch were
as follows:
Champion class . medal— F. Kuhls, . 414 points.
■ First class medal— C. Schroedar, 354 points.
Second class medal— C. Suehrstedt, 368 points.
Third class medal— H. Schwelger, 2«6.
The following were the scores of the
Verein Eiiitracht in their various classes
in the nir.dai contest:
Champion class— Kuhls 414, R. Stettin 404.
C. Muller 358, L. Schmidt 314, F. Hagerup 308.
First class— C. Schroder 354, John Zahn 311,
J. Rohrer 286. ■ - ■ » ■ ■ . ■
Second class— C.- Suehrstedt 868, C. yon Hart
wig 258. >
Third class— H. Schweiger 296, W. H. Huber
284, R. Spahr 200.
First best shot, C. yon Hartwlg:, 24 points;
last best shot. C. Schroder. 25 points. -. • •
' In the regular ; monthly medal shoot iof
the San Francisco Grutll the following
were the winners in their several classes:
■ First class— Julian Seeman, 377 points.
Second class— G. R. Hauser, 393 points.
Third Charles Ott, 365 points. - *,' "
First best shot, Charles Ott 20 points ; last
best (shot, James Openzeller, 24 points. '.■. ■ :,V r
The following were the winners in the
regular shoot of the San Francisco Grutli.
Schuetzen Section:
: First, O. yon Wyll; second, L. Hauser;
third. ■- Charles Ott; - fourth, Al Gehret; fifth,
G. R. Hauser; sixth, F. • Baumgartner; sev
enth, Julian Seeman; eighth, Joseph Fetz.
' In the regular 1 monthly bull's-eye shoot
of the San Francisco Turner Schuetzen,
held > yesterday on the San Rafael ; range
in connection with their prize shoot, the
following were successful:
First, Phllo Jacoby, 59 :■" second, John
Utschlg Sr., 601; third. Robert Linger, 633;
fourth, William Utschtg, 667; fifth, H. Enge.
786 ; sixth, Chris Eging. 959; seventh, Adolph
Utschlg, 968 ; eighth. Captain F. Attlnger, 1164.
ninth. Robert Finking, 1179; tenth, Charles
Sa*ehorn, 1387; s eleventh, Charles j Rudolph.
1647; twelfth. Lieutenant Jacob Straub, I 2077; ;
thirteenth, L. ; Thierbach, ; 2543. ; •
Owing to a serious mistake in comput
ing the bull's-eye scores of the California
Schuetzen Club It was decided to re
measure the centers next Sunday, at
which time the scores made yesterday
will be announced.
In the medal shoot of the California
Schuetzen Club the following high scores
were made by the marksmen:
D. W. McLaughltn 4*4, D. B. Faktor 426. F.
E. Mason 420. John Utßohig Jr. 420. F. Attln
ger 413, R. Stettin 409.
The great prize shoot of the California
Schuetzen Club will be held on the 17th
of April, and great arrangements have
been made. Pliilo Jacoby will have
charge of the festival.
RED MEN'S EAGLE SHOOT.
Various German Societies at the
Shell Mound Target
Ranges.
Shell Mound Park was a scene of festiv
ity yesterday. The Red i Men's Schuetzen
Verein turned out to a* man both to picnic
and ito .: try for the prizes ; in the '• annual
Eagle i Shoot. f, The \ best \ records Kin ;: their
order went to the following riflemen: ;
• King, >H. Bach; » crown, P. Babby ; r . scepter, ;
J. Oldag: Relch»apf el, W. Dressier; ring. Cap- ,
.taU» C ftldafS tig*,; <*?**& H. Grfcl»; i^(j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
New Goods.
This week we will exhibit the very
latest NOVELTIES in the following de-
partments^
LACE DEPARTMENT ! "
NEW LACES, in Point Appljgue, Point de
Gene, Point Venice and Chantillu. Also an
elegant assortment of Fancu Embroidered
Chiffons.
TRIMMING DEPARTMENT,
NEW TRIMMINGS in Passementeries,
Beaded and Silk Fronts, Also a full assortment
of New Belts and fine Feather Boas.
RIBBON DEPARTMENT,
NEW RIBBONS in Plaids, Checks and
StriDes, Also French Ribbon Sashes and
Scarfs— fringed— and an elegant line of New
French Taffeta Ribbons,
GLOVE DEPARTMENT,
NEW GLOVES in light Easter shades,
in the celebrated Reunier make, both Suedes
and Glacis,
PARASOL DEPARTMENT,
NEW PARASOLS in Plaids, Bauaderes,
Chiffons and Taffetas ; also a full assortment
of Carriage Parasols.
"Ikirt department,
NEW SILK SKIRTS in Plaids, Checks,
Stripes and plain, with corded, ruffled and
Van Duke flounces.
111, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
wing, M. Dteckert; left wing. William Mohr
monn; tall. William Kreutzkamm.
The monthly shoot of the Indepen
! dent Rifle Corps resulted as follows: G.
Mitchell, 40; J. H. Kuhlk^ S5; J. Haln
bockel, 15; C. Andrews, 41; J. A. Stang,
34; E. Jacobson, 44; P. Schoenig, 29; Ser
geant C. Schneider, 33.
Deutscher Krlegrer Verein— Champion
i class, C. Weggeman. 330; first class, H.
I Mohr 338; second class, F. Wlehle, 280;
third class, C. Silverzaton, 245; first best
shot, H. Peters, 22; last best shot, O.
Dammer, 22.
NATIONAL GUARD SCORES.
Naval Battalion and Company D.
Before the Butts.
Company B of the First Regiment held
their regular monthly shoot yesterday at
Shell Monud:
200 300 500
yds. yds. yds.
W. D. Flynn 16 11
O. Landucci 21
W. J. Rouselle 11 7 11
Captain McCreagh 20 19 17
T. R. Pfaff 19
W. J. Quirk 6 6 0
Foley 5 0 0
L. Anthers 4 6 4
C. O. Whits 21 13 22
C. A. Kelly 16 12 5
S. Marston 22 9 15
W. J. Lane 10 .. 2
A. Moser 19
H. J. Pohlmann 15
A. Konemann 19
Curtln 18 12 7
W. F. Nlchol 16 3 0
J. F. McCarthy 15 16 11
A. Galvin 7 2 3
F. Pallas 12 4 0
J. Tornei 9 5 13
G. C. Darling 19 9 13
R. Durst 12 0 0
J. O. Staple 16 13 4
R. B. Downie 12 11 0
The Naval Battalion also tried their
skill at the Shell Mound ranges yesterday,
the scores of which will attest their
marksmanship: M. Clauss 2, Linihan 30.
D. M. McMillan 30, Captain C. C. Dennis
36, Tousaint 26, A. J. Quinbar 29, H. Har
ris 9.
SHOT AT LIVE BIRDS.
The Second Monthly Shoot of the
California Wing Club Held
Yesterday.
The second monthly live-bird shoot of
the California Wing Club was held yes
terday afternoon at Ingleside. Some good
scores were made, but on tue whole many
of the competitors were not up to their
old-time form. Feudner killed 12 birds
Slade 10, Nauman 10, Owens 8, "Wagner 10*
"Rosini" 8, Payne 5, Golcher 10, Vernon
11, Mcßae 10, Edwards 4, McMurchy 12,
Johnson 10, Neustadter 7, Jackson 10, Cor
nell 5, Andrews 10, Haight 11, Shields 8
West 9, Donohue 7, Smith 7, James 5
Fisher 6, Sharp 9, Russ 9, Webster 11. In
the freeze-out ten birds to be killed
straight. Haight, Feudner and Mcßae di
vided the purse of $30.
There were twenty-seven entries in the
purse, which was the largest of the year,
and in consequence the birds ran short
and the last event was not finished.
RACES AT SUTRO BATHS.
Results of the Swimming Contests
That Were Held Yesterday
Afternoon.
The swimming races at the Sutro Baths
yesterday attracted a large crowd and
some of the contests were of an exciting
character.
In the fifty-yard race for boys under 12
years old F. Clough won first prize and
D. Dahl second. The seventy-five-yard
race for boys under 18 years old was won
by H. Hirchfield, S. Green being second.
The spring board diving race, open to
all, was won by O. Schulte, R. Cornell
second. P. Green won the obstacle race,
open to all, R. Cornell being second. The
low and elevated diving contest was won
by William Baker, O. Schulte second.
There was also an exhibition of trick
and fancy diving by members of the
Terence Swimming Club.
In Holland women and persons of
either sex under the age of 16 are now
forbidden to begin work earlier than
5 a. m., or to continue at work after 7
p. m. ; nor may their work exceed eleven
hours a day in all. •
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
(UU refund I the money llf U falls .to cure. i 25c.
yh« genulao bM I*. g. <* «a tach tabUt,,
SCO.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Altar candles-decorated 35c
regularly 45c lb of 1-4-6 or 28 candles
For the service of Easter offering
Pure beeswax — ornamented — all sizes
Coffee— Pasha blend 30C
regularly 35c lb— pure coffee
Crystola 40c
regularly 50c dozen
For scouring tii: copper brass knives
forks kettles stoves marble porcelain
zinc steel glass and woodenware
Toilet soap-carmei 50c
regularly 60c box of 6 cakes
Pure olive oil soap made in Palestine
and sold by us for a quarter of a
century
Pinaud's Vegetal lotion 55c
regularly 75c bottle— head hygiene
Used on the sealp — makes the hair
soft and healthy ,
Odors: violet— lilac— acacia— pam-
pas and peau d'espagne
Pecan nuts-mammoth 25c
regularly 35c from Louisiana
Imperial table jelly 10c
regularly 12,'zcpkg — \% pints
Flavors: raspberry — strawberry —
calf's foot— lemon — red currant —
•orange— pine apple
PruneS-Oregon Italian 4 lbS 25C
regularly ioc lb /
Mackerel— Norway mess kit $2.50
14 tender fat— good as chicken
Finnan haddies 12JC
regularly 15c boneless
Last of the season
Swe^t sauterne $4
regularly 55 dozen quarts
Californian— rich
j Lemon squeezer . 1 5c
regularly 25c glass saucer
Keeps seeds separate from juice
Sink strainer 15c
regularly 25c— practical and useful
Keeps sinks clean and waste pipes
from choking— fits in the corner
Canned fruits— Alcaide 20c
regularly 25c tin— Extras
Peaches— apricots— peeled apricots —
pears— plums
Cigars
Expenses of selling cigars here are less ;
than exclusive dealers pay
„*■ That 's why we sell a fine Key West
cigar for a bit that you pay three for a hall
for elsewhere .
April catalogue free
432 Pine 215 Sutter 2SOO California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
' f 1 ;)
Vfi^33o MARKET ST.^g/.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE ! DAMIANA BITTERS THH
great Mexican Remedy; glvea health > tii
' ■tttn«th to Ue •txual organ*. . . " J^.CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
Elected December 27, 1897, in pursuance of the Provisions of
Section 8, Article XI, of the Constitution of the
State of California.
CONTENTS.
ARTICLE I— BOUNDARIES. RIGHTS
AND LIABILITIES.
articl: n— legislative depart
ment.
Chapter I— The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter ll— Powers of the Supervisors.
Chapter lll— Contracts.
ARTICLE III— FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Chapter I— Levying of Taxes.
I I apter ll— The Several Funds.
apter 111— The Custody of Public
eva.
Chapter IV— Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE IV— EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Mayor.
j ter ll— Auditor.
apter lll— Treasurer.
< lhapter IV — Assessor.
Chapter V— Tax Collector.
Chapter VI — Cordner.
Chapter Vll— Recorder.
ARTICLE V— LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter ll— City Attorney.
Chapter lll— District Attorney.
Chapter IV— Public Administrator.
Chapter V— County Clerk.
Chapter Vl— Sheriff.
Chapter \ ll— Justices' Court.
Chapter Vlll— Police Court.
Chapter IX— San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC WORKS.
Chapter I— Board of Public Works.
Chapter ll— lmprovement of Streets.
Chapter lll— Opening of Streets.
Chapter IV— Sewers and Drainage
; Chapter V— Harbors and Wharves.
ARTICLE VII - PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES.
■■• Chapter I— Board of Education.
' Chapter ll— Schools.
■ Chapter lll— Powers of the Board of
. .i-uon.
Chapter IV— Superintendent of Schools.
ARTICLE I.
Boundaries. Rights and Liabilities.
SECTION 1. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of
fan Francisco shall remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate, in
name and in fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
by that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue and defend in all
courts and places and In all matters
and proceedings; may have an 1 use a
common seal and alter the same at
.pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
..and <!ij..y real and personal property;
receive bequests, gifts and donations of
...fall kinds of property, In fee simple, or
:■ in. trust for charitable and other pur
v, and do all acts necessary to
.. carry out tho purposes of tuch gifts,
'•/.bequests and donations, with power to
: ..jj>ariaere, Bell, lease or otherwise dispose
V of. the same in accordance with the
; r-te.rms of the gift, bequest or trust.
'■■};'■■■?■}■■■ 2. The boundaries of the City
.. '.-and County of fan Francisco are here
declared to be those set forth in
inn Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
; <if the Political Code of California.
;.': t Sec, 3. The City and County of San
;.. Francisco tshall continue, under this
.Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
./property, rights of property, rights of
• action of every nature and description
.'";ot the existing municipality and is
hereby declared to be the successor of
...the same.
■ / Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings
: may be brought in the name of the City
and County for the recover: of any
property, money or thinr belong
.. Ing thereto, in law or equit;-, or dedi
.: cated to public use therein, or for the
.. enforcement of any rights of, or con
; ..tracts with, the City- and County,
■whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this
: Charter. All existing suits, actions and
■ proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to which the City and County is a party,
!:.Bhall continue to be carried on by or
against the City and County.
•':'; •Sec:- 5. No recourse shall be had
\. 'against the City and County for dam
age or loss to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of the de
•'. ifeetive condition of any sidewalk
',*j?tre,et, avenue, lane, alley, court or
• : place, or by reason of the defective
■ -^.condition of any sewer, or by reason of
•• : finy defective drainage, whether any of
■.= ..f=aid defects originally existed, or
' 'v. hither they were occasioned by con
■•'■■str.uotion. excavation or embankment.
'.- nor. shall there be any recourse against
-.;.- til.- City and County for want of re
■■■•"pair of any sidewalk, street, avenue,
'• lane, alley, court or place or by want
Y'of repair of any sewer; ror shall there
any recourse against the City and
County for damage to person cr prop
erty suffered or sustained by reason of
accident on any sidewalk, street, avenue.
lane, alley, court or place, or by falling
from any embankment thereon or into
any excavation therein; but in any such
the person or persons on whom
law may have Imposed the obli
n to repair such defect in the
■• --sidewalk, street or public highway, or
.'in. the sewer, and also th" officer or
era through whose official negli
ie'.such defect remains unrepaired
.. .phflfl Ibe jointly nnd severally liable to
•/Che party injured for the damage sus
\".:tairi<.<].
ARTICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power
of th City and County of San Francis
co Fhnj! be vested in a legislative body.
whicb Phall be designated the Board of
Superv sors. Such body is also desig-
J in this Charter, the Supervisors.
Sec. 2. The Board of Supervisors
ehull consist of eighteen members, all
ARTICLE Vll— Continued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter VI — Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
ing-rooms.
ARTICLE VIII — POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I — Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Chapter V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter Vll— Promotions, Suspensions
and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IX— FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Organization and Powers.
Chapter ll— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chief Engineer.
Chapter IV— Fire Companies.
Chapter V— Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter VIII— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X-DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI — DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commis
sioners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE XII— ACQUISITION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII-CIVIL SERVICE.
ARTICLE XIV— PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV— BONDS OF OFFICIALS, j
ARTICLE XVI— MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
of whom shall hold office for two years,
and shall be elected from the City and
County at large. Each one must be at
the time of his election an elector of
the City and County, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding his election. Each Supervis
or shall receive an annual salary of
twelv? hundred dollrrs.
Every person ■who has served as
Mayor of the City and County, so long
as he remains a resident thereof, shall
be entitled to a seat in the Board of
Supervisors and to participate in its
debates, but shall not be entitled to a
vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of all the members
of the Board shall constitute a quorum,
but a less number may adjourn from
day to day and compel the attendance
of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties as the Board may
prescribe.
Sec. 4. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms
and, when authorized to do so by ordi
nance, such additional clerks and other
assistants as may be deemed necessary.
2. Establish rules for its proceedings.
3. Keep a journal of its proceedings,
and allow the same to be published.
The ayes and noes shall on .demand of
any member be taken and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish its mem
bers for disorderly or contemptuous
behavior in its presence.
Sec. 6. The Mayor shall be the pre
siding officer of the Board of Supervis
ors. In the absence of the Mayor the
Board shall appoint a presiding officer
pro tempore from its own members,
who shall have the same right to vote
as other members.
Sec. 6. The Beard shall meet on
Monday of each week, or if that day bea
legal holiday, then on the next day.
The Board shall not adjourn to any
other place than to its r< 'ar place of
meeting, except in case of great neces
sity or emergency. The meetings of
the Board shall be public
Sec. 7. The clerk of the Board,
when requested to do so, shall admln
i ieter oaths and affirmations, without
. charge. In all matters pertaining to
the affairs of his office, and shall per
form such services as may be pre
scribed by the Board. He shall have
the custody of the seal, and of all
; leases, grants and other documents,
i records and papers of the City and
, County. His signature shall be neces
i sary to all leases, grants and convey
ances of the City and County.
1 Sec. 8. Every legislative act of the
City and County shall be by ordinance.
; The enacting clause of every ordinance
shall be in these words: "Be it or
dained by the People of the City and
County of San Francisco as follows."
No ordinance shall be parsed except by
; bill, and no bill shall be so amended as
; to change its original purpose.
Sec. 9. No bill shall become an ordi
nance, nor resolution be adopted, un
less finally passed by a majority of all
the members of the Board and the vote
be taken by ayes and noes and the
names of the members voting for and
I against the same be entered in the
i Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
vised, re-(»nacted or amended by refer
ence to its title; but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted
at length as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
but one subject, which subject shall be
expressed in its title. If any subject
be embraced in an ordinance and not
expressed in its title, such ordinance
shall be void only as to so much there
of as is not expressed in its title.
Sec. 12. When a bill is put upon its
final passage in the Board and fails to
pass, and a motion is made to recon
sider, the vote upon such motion shall
not be acted upon before the expira
tion of twenty-four hours after ad
journment. No bill for the grant of
any franchise shall be put upon its
final passage within ninety days after
its introduction, and no franchise shall
THE SAIN" FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1898.
be renewed before one year prior to its
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af
ter amendment, be laid over for one
week before its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific improvement,
or the granting of any franchise or
privilege, or involving the lease, ap
propriation or disposition of public
property or the expenditure of public
money, except sums less than two
hvndred dollars, or levying any tax
or assessment, and every ordinance
providing for the imposition of a new
duty or penalty, shall, after its intro
duction, be published in the official
newspaper, with the ayes and noes,
for at least five successive days (Sun
days and legal holidays excepted) be
fore final action upon the same. If
BUch bill be amended, the bill as
amended shall be advertised for a. like
period before final action thereon. But
in cases of great necessity the officers
and heads of departments may, with
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary' to
meet the requirements of such neces
sity.
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more items
separately, while approving other por
tions of the bill. In such case he shall
append to the bill at the time of sign
ing it a statement of the item or item*
to which he objects and the reasons
therefor, and the item or items so ob
jected to shall not take effect unless
passed notwithstanding the Mayor's
objection. Each item so objected to
shall be separately reconsidered by the
B^nrd in the same manner as bills
wh;."h have been disapproved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance sholl take ef
fect until ten days after its passage
unless otherwise provided in such or
dinance.
Pec. 16. Every hill and every resolu
tion .is hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board and shall
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill
or resolution to the Board within ten
days after receiving it. If he approve
it he shall sisrn it and it shall th^n be
come ars ordinance. If he disapprove
it he shall specify his objections there
to in writing. If he does not return
it with such disapproval within the
time above specified, it shall take ef
fect as if he had approved it. The ob
jections of the Mayor shall he entered
at large in the Journal of the Board,
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill or
resolution shall have been so returned,
reconsider and vote upon the same. If
the same shall, upon reconsideration,
be again passed by the affirmative votes
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, the presiding officer shall
certify that fact on the hill or resolu
tion, and when so certified, the bill
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as if it had been approved by th<»
Mayor. If the bill or resolution shall fail
to receive the vote of fourteen members
of the Board it shall be deemed finally
lost. The vote on such reconsideration
shall be taken by ayes and noes and
the names of the members voting for
and against the same shall be entered
in the Journal.
Sec. 1". All ordinances and resolu- j
tions shall be deposited with the Clerk !
of the Board who shall record the same
at length in a suitable book.
Sec. IS. Xo ordinance shall be re
pealed except by ordinance adopted In
the manner hereinbefore set out. and
such ordinance shall be presented to
the Mayor for his approval as herein
before provided.
Sec. 19. Except as provided in Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all
demands payable out of the Treasury
must, before they can be approved by
the Auditor or paid by the Treasurer,
be first approved by the Board of Sup
ervisors. AH demands for more thantwo
hundred dollars shall be presented to the
Mayor for is approval, in the manner
hereinbefore provided for the passage
of bills or resolutions. All resolutions
directing- the payment of money other
than salaries or wages, when the
amount exceeds five hundred dollars,
shall be published for five successive
days (Sundays and legal holidays ex
cepted) in the official newspaper.
Sec. 20. ■" TV -.ie\ r there shall be pre- |
sented to the Board of Election Com
missionera a petition signed by a num
ber of voters equal to fifteen per
centum of the votes cast at the last !
preceding State or City ard County
election, asking that an ordinance to be !
set forth in such petition, be subrr ..ted i
to a vote of th electors of .h^> City *nd
County, the Board of Election Com
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to Cie vote of the electors at
tho next election.
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper, but
each signer shall add to his signature
his place of r idence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall i..ake oath be
fore an officer competent to admin. -ter
oaths, that the statements therein
made are true, and that each signature
to the paper appended is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used in such election
shall contain the words "FuR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast v >on
such ordinance shall be in favor of the
adoption there* '. the Board of Election
, Commissioners shall within thirty days
; from the time of such election, pro- ;
j c'aim such fact: nd upon such procla- i
I mation such ordinance shall. have the i
i same force and effect as' an ordinance
passed .by the Supervisors and ap
proved by the Mayor, and the same
| shall not be repealed by the Supervi
sors. But the Supervisors may submit
a proposition for the repeal of such
ordinance, or for , amendments thereto,
for vote at any succeeding election; and
should such proposition, so submitted,
receive a majority of the votes cast
thereon at such election, such ordi
nance shall be repealed or amended
accordingly.
Sec. 21. Except as otherwise pro
vided in the Constitution of the State,
or as otherwise provided In this Char
ter, every ordinance involving the
granting by the City and County of
any franchise for the supply of light
or water, or for the lease < r sale of any
public utility, or for thepurchaseof land
of more than fifty thousand dollars in
value must be submitted to the vrLe
of the electors of th City and County
j at the election next ensuing after the
1 adontion of such ordinance.
: The tickets used at such election
I shall contain the words "FOR THE
j ORDINANCE" .- (statinsr t..e nature of
i the proposed ,, ordl .nee) and
I "AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat- I
] ing the nature o: the proposed ordi- j
1 nance). " -;.;.'- ; - '. ,' '
If a majority of the votes cast upon
! such ordinance shall be in favor of the
; adoption thereof, th" Board of Election
, Commissioners shall, within, thiriv
days from tl a time of , such election.'
i proclaim such fact: : and upon such
I proclamation such ordinance shall have
j same force.and effect as an ordi
] nance. passed by the Supervisors fi and
■ approved by the Mayor.
£ No such franchise, or lease .or sale
' of any public -utility or purchase of
1 land shall be of any force or effect ex
' cept It be mad» by ordinance/and such
j ordinance be adopted by the people as
:in this section provided. \ ;, ";.
Sec. 22. .. Whenever ;■; there shall *be
' presented . to the Supervisors a petition
siimcd by .-. number of voters equal '..-; I f
fifteen per centum ; of : the j votes cast at
: the last preceding State or municipal
; election,'; asking that an amendment or
amendments this .Charter, to : : be set
out in such petition, be? submitted ito ;
people, the Board I must ' submit to ;
the vote of the electors of the City and j
County the proposed amendment or I
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper. Each
signer shall add to his signature his
place of residence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
fore an 01 cer competent to administer
oaths that the statements made therein
are true and that each signature to
such paper appende 7 Is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must make ali necessary provision for
submitting the proposed amendment or
amendments to the electors at a spe
cial election to be called by it, and shall
canvass the vote in the same manner
as in other cos d of election.
All the provisions of the Constituticn
of the State embracing the subject In
this section provided for are hereby ex
pressly made applicable to such pro
posed amendment or amendments. But
| if at any time there shall be no consti
| tutional provision or provisions under
which this Charter may be amended,
then the aforesaid amendment or
i nmendments must be submitted by the
Board of Election Commissioners tc the
vote of the electors of the City and
County at the election which next en
! sues after such petition is filed with the
i Supervisors, if any such election is not
I to be held within sixty days after the
i filing of such petition.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT' (stating the nature
of the proposed amendment) and
"AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
(stating the nature of the proposed
amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such amendment or amendments shall
be in favor of the adoption thereof,
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such election, proclaim sucli fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accor<" lgly.
CHAPTER 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions in
this Charter contained, the Board of
Supervisors shall have power:
1. To ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the City and
County all nee ssary local, police, sani
tary and other laws and regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in
i this Charter, or in the Constitution of
: the State of California, to regulate and
, control for any and every purpose, the
use of the streets, highways, public
■ thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
' and sidewalks of the City and ~ -unty.
3. To permit the laying down of rail-
I road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling in a street or portion of a street
j or the adjoining land, for such limited
; time as may be necessary for such
i purpose and no longer. Such tracks
! must be laid level with the street and
must be operated under such restric
tions as not to interfere with the use of
such streets by the public.
4. To empower street railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Board may see fit Ij impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
parks.
5. To. fix the limits within which
wooden buildings or structures shall
not be erected, placed or maintained,
and to prohibit the same within such
limits. Such limits when once estab
lished shall not be changed except by
extension.
6. To provide fo. the abatement cr
summary removal of any nuisance and
to condemn and to prevent the occu
pancy of unsafe structures.
7. To regulate the use of hackneycar
riages and public passenger vehicles,
and to fix the rates to be charged for
the transportation of persons or per
sonal baggage.
8. To provide a public pound and to
make all necec.ry rules and regula
tions in the matter of animals running
at large, and for the •ustody and de
struction of the same.
9. To provide and maintain a
morgue.
10. To provide places for the deten
tion of witnesses and persons charged
with insanity, separate and rpart from
places where criminals or persons ac
cused of public offenses are imprisoned.
11. To establish, maintain and regu
late, and change, discontinue and
re-establish City and County jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun
ishment, confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be
needed for public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, to regulate and centrol
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing . f
water, heat, light, power, telephonic
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control any and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets
of the City and County, ar.d for flush
ing the sewers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin
ance in the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of j
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com- ;
pany or corporation in the City and i
County, for the use of v ater, heat, j
light or power, supplied to the City and
County, or to the inhabitants thereof,
and to prescribe the quality of the ser- j
vice.
15. To impose license taxes and to
provide for the collection thereof; but j
no license taxes shall be imposed upon
any person who, at any fixed place of
business in the City and County, sells
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per- '
mits from the Board of Police Com- |
missioners as provided in this C. I
16. To prescribe fines, forfeitures and I
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' Imprisonment, or both.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
18. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars in any year
for the celebration of the anniversary |
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five hundred dollars in any
year for the observance of Memorial
Day.
19. To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasury from fines col
lected on conviction of persons charged I
with cruelty to animals, and to author- :
ize the payment of the name or some !
I part tnereof en any society that shall I
efficiently aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of i
compensation to the interpreters ap- •
pointed by the Judges of the Superior
I Court, to Interpret testimony in crim
i inal cases in said Court or the Police
i Court, or upon inquests ajid examina
i tions. Such compensation shall not ex
| ceed one hundred dollars a month for
each interpreter.
21. To offer rewards not exceeding
one thousand dollars in any one in
stance for the apprehension and convic
tion of any person, who may have com-
I mitted a felony in the City and County,
and to authorize the payment thereof. "
22. To provide in the annual tax
levy for a special fund to be used in the
! construction of a general system of
I drainage and sewerage.
23. To provide a Seal for the City
and County, and Seals for the several
departments, boards and officers there
of, and a Seal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or serv
ice required of all laborers in the serv
ice of the City and County, and to fix
their compensation; provided that eight
hours shall be the maximum hours of
labor in any calendar day, and that tl.
minimum wages of laborers shall be
i two dollars a day.
25. To set apart as a boulevard or
! boulevards any street or streets, or por
] tlons of a street or streets, over whlcH
there is no existing franchise for any
street railroad.
26. To construct or permit the con
struction of tunnels, under such rules
and regulations as the Board may pre
scribe.
27. To regulate street railroads,
'. tracks and cars; to compel the owners
, of two or more of such roads using the
! same street for any distance not ex
: ceeding ten blocks to use the same
; tracks and to equitably divide the cost
\ of construction and expense of main
; tenance thereof between the owners; to
i fix, establish and reduce the fares and
! charges for transporting passengers
j and goods thereon; to regulate rates of
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or incon
venience in the operation of such roads.
28. To aUow any transcontinental or
■ other railroad company having not less
! than fifty miles of road actually con
; structed . id in operation to enter the
City and County with its road and run
its cars to the water front at the most
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to
any railrqad company; and the use of
all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to regulation by the -Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right
shall be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep in repair
the street from curb to curb in such a
manner and with such material as may
from time to time be prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company
] shall allow any other railroad company
to use in common with it the same
I track or tracks, each paying an equal
• portion for the construction and repair
i of the tracks and appurtenances used
! by such railways jointly.
29. i"o convey lands in accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
ment of land titles in the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof," ap
proved March 14, 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
all trusts confided to the City and
County.
31. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant and un
used lots of land to another depart-
ment.
32. To provide for the lease of any I
lands now or hereafter owned by the
City and County; but all leases shall be
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No .
lease shall be authorized except by or- j
dinance passed by the affirmative vote ;
of two-thirds of the members of the
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and :
no lease shall be made for a longer pc- j
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public :
auction, after advertising for five days, i
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the use of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of i
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County; !
but the amount bid on such purchase ;
shall not exceed the amount of judg- !
ment and costs.
35. The Supervisors mus appropriate
annually to the Mayor thirty-six him
dred dollars as and for a contingent
fund, for which he need furnish no
voucher:.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of .
Equalization by virtue of his office.
Sec. 3. The Board of Supervisors
shall appoint from its members a com- !
mittee consisting of three to be denom
inated Finance Committee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee.
The Committee shall investigate the j
transactions and accounts of all officers
having the collection, custody or dis
bursement of public money, or having
the power to approve, allow, or audit
demands on the treasury; shall have
free access to any records, books and
papers in all public offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and affirma
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by
subpena. The Committee may at any
time visit any of the public offices and
make its examinations and investiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once in
every six months, examine the official
bonds of all City and County officers,
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re
port in writing the facts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond
with the sureties, and the amounts for
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they are sufficient and ;
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nec
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nec
essary, aftd he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is filed and ap
proved.
Sec. 4. The Finance Committee shall
have power, and it shall be its duty, to
examine the records and examine and
expert the books of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gltoss receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, and
it shall be its duty, to examine the
records and examine and expert the
books of account of any and all per
sons, companies or corporations so
furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the
concurrence of two members of the
Committee shall be deemed sufficient.
The Committee shall keep a record of !
its proceedings with the names of the
witnesses examined and a substantial ;
statement of the evidence taken. If.
from the examination made by the
Committee, it shall appear that a mis
demeanor in office, or a defalcation,
i has been committed by an officer, the
i Committee shall immediately report to
! the Mayor, who, if he approve the re
| port, shall take such proceedings
against such officer as are authorized
by law, and may suspend him pending
such proceedings. Any Police Officer
shall execute the process and orders of
the Committee.
Sec. 5. No exclusive franchise or
privilege shall be granted for laying
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. 6. The Board of Supervisors
shall have power to grant authority
' for a term not exceeding twenty-five
years to construct and operate street
railways upon, or over, or under, the
streets or parts of streets of the City
and County not reserved for boulevards
! or carriage driveways, upon the follow
j ing conditions and In the following
! manner and none other:
Upon application Delng made to the
! Board for any such franchise, it shall
i by resolution determine whether such
■ franchise or any part thereof should
'■ be granted, and at said time shall de-
I termine on what conditions the same
shall be granted additional to those
conditions provided in this Chapter.
After such determination, it shall
cause notice of such application and
resolution to be advertised in the offi
, cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten consecutive days. Such ad
: vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
before any further action is taken by
the Board on such application. The ad
vertisement must state the character
of the franchise sought, the term of
its proposed continuance, and the
route to be traversed; that sealed bids
will be received up to a certain hour
on a day to be named in the advertise
ment; and a further statement that
no bids will be received of a stated
amount, but that all bids must be for
the payment to the City and County
in lawful money of the United States
i of a stated percentage of the gross
annual receipts of the person, com
pany or corporation to whom the fran
chise may be awarded, arising from its
use, operation, enjoyment or posses
sion.
Every bidder shall file with his bdd a
bond executed to the City and County,
with at least two good and sufficient
, sureties to be approved by the Mayor
I in a penal sum prescribed by the Su
| pervisors, and set forth in such ad
j vertisement, conditioned that .such bid
der will well and truly observe, fulfill
and perform each and all of the condi
tions, terms and obligations of the
i franchise for which said application
;' was made in case the same shall be
awarded to him, and that in case of
the breach of any of the conditions of
such bond, the whole amount of the
; penal sum therein named. shall be taken
to be liquidated damages, and that as
| such shall be recoverable from the
I principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the
expiration of the time stated in such
I advertisement up to which such bids
! will be received, the Board must open
such bids and award the franchise to
the person, company or corporation of
! fering to pay the highest stated per
; centage of the gross receipts arising
i from the use, operation, possession or
I enjoyment of the franchise for which
I such application was made. But no
award shall be made, nor any such ap
plication granted, unless the stated
percentage offered to be paid for the
franchise shall be at least three per
centum of such gross receipts during
the first five years of the period for
which the franchise is to be granted,
four per centum of the gross receipts
| during the next succeeding ten years,
and five per centum of the gross re
ceipts during the next succeeding ten
years.
Except as in this section otherwise
provided, bidding for such franchises
must be in accordance wi:h the prov.s
! ions of this Charter in relation to bids
; made to the Board of P.-Mic Works, so
far as such provisions may be applica
; ble. The Supervisors may reject any
; and all bidb. and may refuse to grant a
i franchise for any part of the route for
which application was made. ""•". cry
ordinance making such grant shall re-
I quire the concurrence of three-fourthsof
■ all the members of the Board of Super
visors, as shown by the ayes and noes,
and the approval of the May
or, and at least ninety days shall in
; tervene between the introduction and
j final passage of any such ordinance. It
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all
I the Supervisors to pass the ordinance
• notwithstanding the objections of the
Mayor.
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express" con- I
dition, in addition to the conditions re
quired by this Charter, and such other
conditions as may be prescribed by the
Supervisors, that the per centum of the [
gross receipts of the railway shall be
paid into the treasury on or before the
tenth day of the next ensuing month
after such gross receipts shall have |
been earned; and upon the further con- I
dition that the whole of the railway i
shall be continuously operated, and
that at the end of the term the road- ;
track and bed of such railway and all
its stationary fixtures upon the public
streets, shall become the property of
the City and County; and that the
grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such grant, commence
the construction of such railway, and
continuously thereafter, in each and ev
ery month until the completion thereof,
expend in such construction at least
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of '■
said conditions shall work an immedi
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the
road or track constructed thereunder.
There shall be no power in the Super
visors to relieve from such forfeiture
or from any of said conditions. On or
before the tenth day of each month af
ter said receipts shall have been earned,
the. President and Secretary of said
railway company shall make and file
with the Clerk of the Board of Super
visors a sworn statement of the gross
receipts of such railway for the pre
ceding month.
lfi granting any such franchise the
Board of Supervisors shall Impose such '
other lawful conditions as it may deem
advisable, and must expressly provide
that the franchise shall not be renewed
or regranted, and that the Board shall
at all times have the power to regulate
the rates of fare to be charged by those
using, operating, possessing or enjoy-
Ing the franchise, and that the Finance
Committee of the Board shall at all !
times be permitted to examine and ex
pert their books as to such gross re- i
ceipts. All moneys received for such
franchises and in payment of the said
per centum shall be credited to the
General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no
power to grant franchises or privileges
to erect poles or wires for transmitting
electric power or for lighting purposes
along or upon any public street or high
way of the City and Caunty except up
on all the conditions and In the manner,
including competitive bidding and pay
ment of a percentage of gross receipts,
hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur
ther condition that the Board shall at
all times have the right to regulate the
charges of any person, company or cor
poration using, enjoying or possessing
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street
railroad franchise, it shall be deemed
; inexpedient by the Board to use any of
; the property reverting to it by reason
| of such expiration in the operation of
a street railroad, then the Board shall
i have power to lease such property to
j any person, company or corporation af
! ter the notice, on the terms, and in the
i manner above provided as to the grant
; ing of street railroad franchises, as far
as the same may be applicable. But no
I ordinance authorizing such lease shall
I be passed prior to ninety days next pre
ceding the expiration of such franchise.
Any ordinance granting a franchise
or authorizing a lease under the provis
| ions of this section shall be in force
j from and after the expiration of thirty
days from the date of its signature by
the Mayor, or from and after the expi-
I ration of thirty days from the date of
its passage by the Supervisors over his
i objections, unless within said thirty
days a petition signed by a number of
the electors of the City and County
: equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
cast at the last preceding election shall
have been filed with the Supervisors,
asking that said ordinance be submit
ted to the vote of the people. In such
case said ordinance shall be submitted
at the next election to the vote of the
electors of the City and County, and
unless said ordinance shall at said elec
tion receive in Its favor a majority of
the votes cast thereon it shall have no
force or effect for any purpose. If a <
I majority of the votes be in favor of
! such ordinance, the Board of Election i
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion \
of the canvass of the vote thereon,
proclaim such fact, and upon such
I proclamation said ordinance shall have
full force and effect as of the date ;
aforesaid. Said petition and submission !
shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of section twenty of Chapter
I of this Article.
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
I against the City and County must be
. presented to the Board of Supervisors ,
i and filed with the Clerk within six
months after the occurrence from .
which the damages are claimed to have ,
: arisen; otherwise there shall be no re- !
I covery on any such claim.
CHAPTER in.
Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods,
merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist
ence or printing for the City and Coun
ty, as well as for all subsistence sup
plies, drugs, and other necessary arti
cles for hospitals, prisons, public insti
j tutions and other departments not oth
i erwise specifically provided for in this
! Charter, must be made bytheSupervis
1 ors with the lowest bidder offering ad-
I equate security, after publication for
I not less than ten days in the official
i newspaper; and no purchase thereof or
liability therefor shall be made or cre
ated except by contract.
Except as otherwise provided in this
Charter, the Board must determine
annually what goods, merchandise,
stores, supplies, drugs, subsistence and
other necessary articles will be needed
by the City and County for the ensuing
year, and it shall have no power to
purchase or to pay for the same unlesa
the provisions In this Charter provided
as to competitive bidding for supplies
are strictly followed, and no contract
shall be made for any of the same un
less upon such competitive bidding.
All proposals shall be accompanied
with a certificate of deposit or certified
check on a solvent bank in the City
and County of ten per centum on the
amount of the bid, payable at sight to
the order of the Clerk of the Supervis
ors. If the bidder to whom the con
tract is awarded shall for five days af
ter such award fail or neglect to enter
into the contract and file the required
bond, the Clerk shall draw the money
due on such certificate of deposit or
check and pay the same into the treas
ury; and under no circumstances shall
the certificate of deposit or check or
the proceeds thereof be returned to
such defaulting bidder.
Notices for proposals for furnishing
the aforesaid articles shall mention
said articles in general and shall state
that the conditions and schedule may
be found in the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors; and shall
also state that such articles are to be
delivered at such times, in such quan
tities, and in such manner, as the- Su
pervisors may designate. Any bidder
may bid separately for any article
named. The award as to each article
shall in all cases be made to the lowest
bidder for such article, and where a bid
embraces more than one article, the
Supervisors shall have the right to ac
cept or reject such bid or the bid for
any one or more articles embraced
therein. In the case of contracts for
subsistence of prisoners the advertise
ment fcr proposals shall specify each
article required, the quality thereof,
the quantity for each person, and tha
existing and probable number of per
sons to be supplied. No article or ar
ticles provided for in this section shall
have been made in any prison. Tha
Supervisors shall require bonds with
sufficient sureties for the faithful per
formance of every contract. The Clerfc
of the Supervisors shall furnish print
ed blanks for all such proposals, con
tracts ar.d bonds.
All bids shall be sealed and delivered
by the bidder to the Clerk of the Su
pervisors, and opened by the Board at
an hour ar.d place to be stated in the
advertisement for proposals, in the
presence of all bidders who attend, ana
the bidders may inspect the bids. All
bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected. All articles
so supplied shall be subject to inspec
tion and rejection by the Supervisors
and by the person in char-- of the of
fice, institution or department for
v.hich the same are supplied. Every
contract for work to be performed for
the City and County must provide that
in the 'performance of the contract
eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar da>,
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor in tha
execution of his contract shall be two
dollars a day. Any contract for work
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
visions of this section shall be null ann
void, and any officer who shall s'-sm the
same shall be deemed guilty of misfea
sance and iit)on proof of such misfea
sance shall be removed from office.
Sec. 2. All contracts for official ad
vertising shall be let annually in like
manner by the Supervisors to the low-
HPt responsible bidder publishing a
daily newspaper in the City and Coun
ty which has a bona firie daily circula
tion of at least eight thousand copies,
and has been in existence at the times
of letting such contract for at least
two years. In inviting proposals there
for, such advertising shall not be clas
sified and no proposal shall b<=> acted
iipon which offers to do such advertis
ing at different rates for different por
tions thereof.
Such advertising shall be construed
to menn the advertising and publica
tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resolutions, notices
invltins proposals and all notices of
pvery nature relating to City work. No
nart or kind of such advertising shrill
be charged or contracted for at a high
er rate than any other part or kind of
the same is charged or contracted for.
ricrppt in the case of the delinquent tax
The newspaper to which the atvard
of such advertising is made shall be
known and designated as the "official
rewspaper."
The advertising of the delinquent
tax list shall be let to the lowest re
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
from all other official advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which- is not ex
pressly authorized by this Charter or
by the Supervisors.
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the Supervisors
shall annually, under the direction of
the Supervisors, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and offices of the
City and County with all stationery
and supplies in the nature of station
ery, assessment books, minute books,
blank books and the printing of blanks.
The contracts for ionery shall be
separate from tho^e for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
require a greater or less quantity to
be delivered at such times and in such
manner as the Supervisors may desig
nate. The* advertisement for bids for
paper shall state the weight, quality
and size of the various kinds required,
and that for printing shall enumerate
the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
receipts, court notices, and all blanks.
papers and documents now used or
hereafter required in .any and all de
partments of the City and County, in
cluding the forms, papers and blanks
now used or hereafter required by the
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall be
consecutively numbered, and each form
and blank shall be known as No.
(specifying the number). Such adver
tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the" bidders
to state the price at which each arti
cle will be furnished, printed or manu
factured, as the same may be required
from time to time during such period,
and the amount of the bond that will be
required as security for the perform
ance of the contract.
No stationery furnished to any offi
cer or department shall contain the
name or names of the officer or offi
cers constituting the head of the de
partment or board. The contract or
contracts must be made with the low
est bidder offering adequate security,
quantity and quality being considered.
The Clerk of the Supervisors shall have
rooms In the City Hall for the custody
of such stationery, and when purchased
the same shall be delivered to him, and
he shall issue and distribute the same
to the various departments as re
quired.
He shall keep accounts In detail,
charging himself with all goods re
ceived, and crediting himself with the
goods delivered upon order or requisi
tion as hereinafter provided. When
any of such supplies are required, for
any department, the Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall issue the same after tha
requisition for such articles has been
made by the head of such department
and approved by the Mayor.
All requisitions for printing shall be
made in a similar manner. The Clerk
shall report monthly in writing to the
Supervisors in detail, the amount of
all paper, blanks, books, stationery and
printing ordered by and delivered to
any department or officer.
Sec. 4. Any officer of the City and
' County, or of any department thereof,
■ who shall aid or assist a bidder in se
i curing a contract to furnish labor, ma
! terlal or supplies, at a higher price or
i rate than that proposed by any other
j bidder, or w" t shall favor one bidder
1 over another, by giving or withholding
! information, or who shall willfully mis
! lead any bidder in regard to the char-
I acter of the material or supplies called
j for, or who shall knowingly accept ma-
I terials or supplies of a quality inferior
I to that called for by the contract, or
I who shall knowingly certify to a great
i er amount of labor performed than has
| been actually performed, or to the re
| celpt of a greater amo.nt or diff«r*r.»
11kinds of material or supplies than has
been actually received, shall be deemed
guilty of misfeasance and shall be re
moved from office.
Sec. 5. All contracts provided for in
this Chapter must be in writing and
executed in the name of the Gity and
County by th« Mayor. Ail such con
tracts must be countersigned by the
Clerk of the Supervisors, and register
ed by number and date in a book kept
by him tor that purpose. When a con
tractor tails to enter into the contract
awarded t" him or to perform the same,
new bids must be invited, and a con
tract awarded as provide.! herein In
the first instance. When the Supervis
ors believe that the pries bid are too
high, or that bidders have combined to
prevent competition, or that the public
interest will be subserved thereby, they
may reject any and all bide and eauso
the notice for proposals to be readver
tised. . ,
Sec. 6. No contract for lighting
streets, public buildings, places or of
fices, shall be made for a longer period
than one year, nor shall any contract
to pay for "pas. electric light or any il
luminating material at a higher rate
than the minimum price charged to any
other ensumer. be valid. Demands
for lighting public buildings shall bo
presented monthly to the board or de
partment using or having ch;ir;:.>
thereof and shall specify the amount
of gas, electric light or illuminating
material consumed in such building
during the month.
ARTICLE 111.
FINANCE AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER I.
Levying of Taxes.
SECTION 1. On or before the first
Monday of April in each year the heads
of departments, offices, boards and
commissions of the City and County
shall send to the Supervisors an esti
mate in writing of the amount of ex
penditure, specifying in detail the ob
jects thereof, required in their respec
tive departments, offices, boards and
commissions, including a statement of
the salaries of their subordinates. Du
plicates of these estimates shall be
sent at the same time to the Auditor.
Sec. -• On or before the first Monday
of May in each year the Auditor shall
transmit to the Supervisors an estimate
of the probable expenditures of the
City and County government for the
next ensuing fiscal year, stating the
amount required to meet the»interest
and sinking funds for all outstanding
funded debts, and the wants of all the
departments of the municipal govern
ment in detail, and showing specifically
the amount necessary to be apportion
ed to each fund in the treasury; also
an estimate of the amount of income
from fines, licenses and other sources
Of revenue, exclusive of taxes upon
property, and the probable amount re
quired to be levied and raised by taxa
tion.
Sec. 3. The Supervisors shall meet
annually between the first Monday of
May and the .first Monday of June, and
by a vote of a majority of all the mem
bers thereof make a budget of the
amounts estimated to be required to
f>ay the expenses of conducting the
public business of the Cit" and County
for the next ensuing fiscal year. The
budget shall be prepared in such de
tail as to the aggregate sum and the
items thereof allowed to each depart
ment, office^ board or commission, as
the Supervisors shall deem advisable.
Before finally determining upon the
budget, the Supervisors shall fix such
sufficient "me or times as may be
necessary to allow the taxpayers to be
heard in r^siard thereto, and the Super
visors shall attend at the time or times
so appointed for such hearing
Pec. 4. Any Item in said budget may,
■within ten days, be vetoed in whole or
In part by the Mayor, and it shall re
quire fifteen votes of the Supervisors
to overcome such veto. Action thereon
must be taken before the last Monday
of June.
' After the final estimate is made in
accordance herewith, It shall be signed
by the Mayor and the clerk of the Su
pervisors, and t'. several sums shall
then be appropriated for the ensuing
fiscal year to the several purposes and
departments therein name' 1 . The esti
mate shall be filed In the office of the
Auditor.
Sec. 5. The Supervisors must cause
to be raised annually according: to law,
and collected by tax. the amounts so
appropriated, less the amounts re
ceived from fines, licenses and other
sources of revenue.
Sec. 6. Except as otherwise pro
vided in this Charter, no money shall
be drawn from the treasury unless in
consequence of appropriations made
by the Supervisors and upon warrants
duly drawn thereon by the Auditor.
Sec. 7. No warrant shall be drawn
except upon an unexhausted specific
. appropriation. '
Sec. S. The Super- ! may appro
priate thirty-six thousand -dollars a
year for urgent necessities not other
wise provided for >•-- law. No money
shall be paid out of this appropriation
unless authorized by a five-sixths vote
of all the members of the Board of
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor. «
Sec. 9. It shall not be lawful for the
Supervisors, or for any board, depart
ment, officer or authority having power
to incur, authorize or contract liabili
ties against the treasury, to incur, au
thorize, allow, contract for, pay or ren
der payable in the present or future. In
any one month, any expenditure, de
mand or demands, against any appro
priation, which, taken with all other
expenditures, indebtedness or liability
made or incurred up to the time in
such month of making or incurring the
same, shall exceed one-twelfth part of
the amount of the appropriation for
the fiscal year.
When any board, department or offi
cer having nn\rer to incur liabilities
against the treasury shall make any
agreement for obtaining supplies or
having labor performed, such depart
ment, officer or board shall register
such agreement by number and date,
and all demands arising under such
agreement shall be payable in the or
der of such registration. Such depart
ment, board or officer must Inform the
person with whom It is proposed to
make such agreement of the amount of
money available or likely to >>« avail
able in the fund from which such de
mands are payable.
If. at. the beginning of any month.
a money remains unexpended In any
appropriation which might lawfully
have been expended during the pre
ceding month, such unexpended sum
or sums, except so much thereof as may
be required to pay all unpaid claims
upon such appropriation, may be car
ried forward and expended "in" any suc
ceeding month of such fiscal year; but
not afterward, except in payment of
claims lawfully incurred during such
fiscal year. Appropriations nrovided
to meet the, expense of elections; for
the rapport and maintenance of the
Assessor's and Tax Collector's depart
ments: and for urgent necessities,
fhall be exempt from the provisions of
this section.
Sec. 10. No contracts made, the ex
pense of whose execution is not pro
vided by law or ordinance to be paid
by assessments upon the property ben
efited, shall be binding or of any force,
unless th? Auditor shall Indorse there
.on his certificate that there remains
unexpended and unapplied as herein
provided, a balance of the appropria
tion or fund applicable thereto, suffi
cient to pa, the estimated expense of
.executing such contract, as certified by
the board or officer making the same.
This provision shall not apply to work
done, or supplies furnished. involving
'■•he cxsionflitiire '-* T«'s«? t *>•»♦• ♦—■•■■> .*>"—.
«*rofi and fifty dollars, unless the same
> required by law to be done by eon
♦t-act at public letting The Aud
itor shall make such indorse
, ment upon every such contract so
presented to him. If there remains un
applied and unexpended such amount
! so specified by the officer making the
; contract, and thereafter shall hold and
retain such sum to pay the expense in
: curred until the contract shall be fully
performed. The Auditor shall furnish
weekly- to the head of each department
i a statement of the unexpended bal
ances of the appropriation for his de
partment.
Sec. .11. On or before the last Mon
day of June in each year the Super
visors shall levy the amount of taxes
for City and County purposes , required
to be levied upon all property not ex
empt from taxation. The amount shall
be sufficient to provide for the payment
during the fiscal year of all demands
upon the treasury authorized to be paid
out of the same; but such levy, exclu
sive of the State tax and the tax to pay
the interest and maintain the sinking
funds of the bonded indebtedness of the
City and County, and exclusive of the
tax to pay for the maintenance and
improvement of the parks/squares and
public grounds of the City and County,
shall not exceed the rate of one dollar
on each one hundred dollars* valuation
of the property assessed. The. Super-,
visors in mak'ng the levy shall appor
tion the taxes to the several funds.
See. 12. In making the apportion
ment, the Supervisors shall take into
account and apportion to the several
funds the. income and revenue esti
mated to arise during the fiscal year
from licenses, fees and other sources;
but the income to pay the interest on
the bonded indebtedness" and provide
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided for out of the tax on property.
Sec. 13. The limitation in section
eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of
taxation shall not apply in case of any
great necessity or emergency. In such
case the limitation may be temporarily
suspended so as to enable the Super
visors to provide for such necessity or
emergency. No increase shall be made
in the rate of taxation authorized to be
levied in any fiscal year, unless such in
crease be authorized by ordinance
passed by the unanimous vote of the
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency . shall be recited in
the ordinance authorizing such action,
and be entered in the Journal of the
Board.
Nothing in this section shall author
ize the incurring of liabilities against;
the treasury not allowed by law. or
which cannot be paid out of the income
and revenue provided, collected and paid
into the proper fund as its proportion •
of the same for such fiscal year, or per- ;
mit liabilities or indebtedness Incurred
in any one fiscal year to be a charge
upon or paid out of the income or reve
nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
amount of municipal revenues and pro
vide for the collection thereof. They
shall from time to time provide for the
payment of the interest and principal
of the bonds for which the City and
County is liable.
Sec. 15. The Supervisors shall au
thorize the disbursement of all public
moneys, except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Charter.
Sec. 16. At the close of each fiscal
year, if all demands against each fund
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad
judicated, the Supervisors shall direct
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus
moneys to a fund to be called the
Surplus Fund, except such surplus
moneys as are in the several Interest
and sinking funds, in the Common
School Fund, in the Park Fund, the Li
brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund, in the Firemen's Relief and
Pension Fund, and in such other funds
the disposition of whose surplus moneys
Is in this Charter otherwise provided
for. t
CHAPTER 11.
The Several Funds.
SECTION 1. The income and revenue
paid into the treasury shall be at once
apportioned to and kept in separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
fer money from one fund to another or
to use the same in payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
sions of this section. shall not apply to
fees paid into the treasury and placed
temporarily to the credit of the Unap
portioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec. 2. The several funds in the
treasury authorized by law at the time
this Charter takes effect, or provided
for by this Charter, shall continue
therein so long as there shall be occa
sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
or which may belong thereto, shall not
be used for any purpose other than that
for which the same were raised except
as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
moneys received into the treasury and
not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance,
preservation and improvement of the
parks, squares, avenues and public
grounds of the City and County; of all
moneys accruing from rents of build
ings under the jurisdiction of the Park
Commissioners; and of all moneys com
ing Into the hands of said Commission
ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
nues and public grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance of
Library and Reading Rooms, and the
purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books therefor.
Sec, 3. The Surplus Fund shall con
sist of the moneys remaining at the end
of any fiscal year in any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valid demands, indebtedness and lia
bilities against said funds incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
of such funds have been finally 'adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes . nd in the order follow
ing: ■£.
1. In payment of any final Judgment
against the City and County.
2. In liquidation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations, as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any out
standing funded debt of the City and
County. ,•
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used in
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
, income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit 'Fund
shall consist of :
1. All moneys paid into court and
deposited with the Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. Air moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
with the Treasurer.
3. All men deposited with the
Treasurer on special deposit. -
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out in the manner
prescribed by law.
Sec. 5. Except as. otherwise provided
in this Charte- any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal year in any in
| terest and sinking fund or a fund pro
; vided by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common . ■ School
Fund, the Park Fund, the Library.
Fund, the Firemen's Relief and Pen
sion Fund. Police Relief and Pension
■ Fund, and the Public Building Fund
• shall be carried forward and appor
; tioned to said respective funds for the
; ensuing fiscal year.
Sec 6. Any demand - against the
| treasury or against any fund thereof
I remaining Unpaid at the end ,of the
I fiscal year for lack of money, applicable
i to its payment, may be paid out of any
CHARTER FOR THE CITY A^D COUNTY OF SAN FRAXCISCO.
! money which may subsequently come
into the proper fund from delinquent
tuxes or other uncollected income or
revenue for such year. Such demandß
shall be paid out of such dci. quent
i revenue, when collected, in the order
of their registration.
Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
credit of any sinking fund in the treas
| ury a sum not less than twenty thou
! sand dollars which may be applied to
! the redemption of any outstanding
bonds to which such fund .s applicable,
, which are not leueemable before their
! maturity, it shall be the duty of the
| Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer to ad
vertise for thirty days, inviting pro
posals for the surrender and redemp
! tion of the bonds.
After BUOh advertisement the money
j in such thinking Fund, or such portion
thereof as may be required therefor,
shall be awarded to the person or per
i sons offering to surrender said bonds
i for the lowest price. Upon such award,
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
j the amount to the person or persons to
I whom the same was awarded. No bid
tor the surrender of any of -the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp
tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and interest of the bonds, calculat
ed with ihterest. not exceeding four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTER 111.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
SECTION 1. All moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, tines, penalties and
j forfeitures, and all moneys which may
be i ollected or received by any officer of
the City and County or any department
thereof, in his official capacity, for the
p-rformanee of any official duty, and
all moneys accruing to the City and
County from any source, and all
moneys directed by law or this Char
ter to be paid or deposited in the
treasury, shall be paid into the treas
ury. All officers or persona collecting
| or receiving such moneys must pay the
i same into the treasury. No officer or
j person other than the Treasurer shall
i pay out or disburse such moneys, or
any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim or demand.
Sec. 2. Salaried officers shall not re
| ceive nor accept any fee. payment, or
c ir.pensation directly or indirectly, for
any services performed by them in
their official capacity, nor any fee, pay
! ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
I performed during or after official busi
| ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
j hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offl
ciol nature, or under color of "office,
I whether performed during or after offi
; cial business hours.
Sec. 3. Every fee. commission, per
centage, allowance, or other compensa
tion authorized by law to be charged.
; received, or collected by any officer for
. any official service, must be paid by the
j officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
! ceive or collect any fee, commission,
| percentage, allowance, or compensation
for the performance of any official serv
! ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
; rendered in any official capacity, or by
! reason of any official duty or employ
ment, to deliver the same to the Treas
urer at the expiration of each business
day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
1 deliver to such officer a receipt for the
money so paid, which shall show the
amount of money received, the day and
f hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
whom the service was performed: and
like entries shall be made upon the stub
1 of such receipt, which shall be kept by
! the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
i place all such moneys in a fund to be
j designated the "Unapportfoned Fee
i Fund." which is hereby created, and
; shall keep such fund a.s other funds in
. the treasury are kept, and shall be lia
j ble on his official bond for all money so
I received.
Sec. 5. The Auditor or other proper
■ officer must prepare and deliver from
> time to time to the Treasurer, and to
I every officer authorized by law to
j charge any fee, commission, pereent
| age, allowance, or compensation, for
1 the performance of any official service
j or duty, as many official receipts as
: may be required* charging therewith
j the Treasurer or other officer receiving
j them. Such official receipts must be
b'iund into books containing not less
' than one hundred such receipts, and
i numbered consecutively, beginning
i with number one in each class required
for each officer for each fiscal year, and
! provided with a stub corresponding in
j number with receipt. When the books
i containing receipts are exhausted by
the officer receiving them, he shall re
! turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
j other proper officer, in whose custody
' they shall remain thereafter.
Pec. 6. When a receipt as herein
provided is issued by the Treasurer he
i must state therein the date of pay
| ment, the name of the person making
j the payment, the amount of such pay
ment, the nature of the service for
; which the charge is made, and the
i name and official designation of the of
ficer performing the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt.
Sec. 7. When any receipt Is issued by
any officer other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the flay and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the name
>-f the person by whom such receipt is
j delivered to him, and shall make corre
i sponding entries on the stub to which
j such receipt is attached.
Pec. 8. On the first day of each
i month the Treasurer must make to the
| Auditor a report under oath of all mon
eys received by him during the preced
ing month, showing the date and num
ber of the receipt on which the money
was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by whom paid, the nature of the
service, and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the
service. At the same time, or oftener.
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
i urer shall exhibit to the Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by hjm during
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining in his hands, unused
] or not issued, at the close of business
on the last day of the preceding month.
Sec. 9. On the first day of each
month every officer authorized by law
to charge nr.y fee, commission, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official receipts issued
I by him during the preceding month,
i showing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom issued, the nature of
the service for which the charge was
made, and the amount of such charev:
i and must at the same time, or oftener,
if required, exhibit to the Auditor, or
other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
j receipts deposited with him during the
j preceding month, and all receipts re
j maining in his hands, unused or not
I issued, at the clos«j of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Sec. 10. Upon receiving the reports
prescribed by sectic-ns eight and nine
of this Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
j me and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion such moneys to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
j priated by law. and certify such appor-
t ionment to the Treasurer, who shall
I thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
1 tioned Fee Fund" the amounts so certi
: fled, and credit each fund entitled
i thereto with the proper amount so ap
portioned.
Sec. 11. Every officer who is by law
allowed to charge and collect mileage
for the service of process, or other like
; service, shall at the end of each month,
| prepare and deliver to the Auditor a
! statement showing each process served.
! the title of the cause, the name of the
deputy or other subordinate officer who
made the service, the number of miles !
actually traveled in making such ser- j
vice, the exact day when such service
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be j
verified by the oath of such officer. The j
Auditor shall examine such statement, |
and issue his warrant upon the Treas- |
urer for such amount of money as will
reimburse such officer fur his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer;
without further approval, out of the
"Unapportioned Fee Fund." No extra
mileage shall be charged or allowed for
service of two or more processes served
on the same trip by the same deputy
or deputies, except for extra mileage
actually traveled In serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
lowed for any reason shall be appor- i
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap- j
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au- |
thorized to employ a person other than :
one of his deputies or assistants at a ;
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and in pursu- ;
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the '
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
case or instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed in performing
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending of the period during
which such person was so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person so
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for .such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allowed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the Auditor without any
previous approval. All demands p-av
able. out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the ,
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out cf the treasury for salarii-s,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees, in any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board,
department or authority under whom,
or in which, such demand originated.
All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against the City and ;
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements vmm the
same required by this Charter, show:
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2.
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3.
The fiscal year within which the in
debtedness was incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name uf the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in- i
come and revenue provided, collect
sd and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in the treasury for the ;
fiscal year within which the indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter TI of this Article, and be num
bered with reference to the fund out |
of which it is payable.
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
ha? received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with the !
collection, management or disburse
ment of any moneys, bonds, or interest
accruing therefrom, belonging to or \
held in trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereof
to, and make settlement with, the :
Treasurer within the -time prescribed
by law: or, when no particular time is
specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon j
being requested to do so by the Audi- |
tor, within twenty days .fter such j
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging !
twenty-five per centum damages, and
interest at the rate of ten per centum
per annum from the time of such fail
ure.
A copy of such account in any suit
therein is prima facie evidence of the j
things therein stated. In case the Au- |
ditor cannot for want of information i
state an account, he may in any action j
brought by him aver that fact, and al- j
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac- j
tions that may be brought under this j
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTEK IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com- j
pensation of all officers, including po- ;
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon ,
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be :
forever barred by limitation of time, j
unless the same be presented for pay- '.
ment. properly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if it be a demand
which must be passed and -approved by i
the Supervisors or Board of Education, j
or by any other Board, then within one i
month after the first regular meeting !
of the proper board held next after the i
demand accrued; or, unless the Super- j
visors shall, within six months after |
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on & j
careful examination of the facts, re- j
solve that the same is in all respects
Just and legal, and the presentation |
of it. as above required, was not in :
the power either of the, original party
Interested or his agent, or the present i
holders In w-hich case they may by or- j
dinance revive such claim; but it shall
be barred in the same manner unless
presented for payment within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered invalid by reason of such revival ;
exhausting the fund out cf which sub
sequent claims might otherwise be j
paid. Such revived claim shall take
rank as of the day of its revival.
ARTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Mayor.
SECTION' 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
time of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and ho!d nfTW
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand dollata.
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars; an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars, i
All of said appointees shall hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
observe the official conduct of all
public officers and the manner in
which they execute their duties and
fulfill their obligations. The books,
records and official papers of all depart
ments, officers and persons in the em
ploy of the City and County shall at all
times be open to his inspection and ex
amination. He shall take special care
that the books and records of all de
partments, boards, officers and persons
are kept in legal and proper form.
When any official defalcation or will
ful neglect of duty or official miscon
duct shall come to his knowledge, he
shall suspend the delinquent officer or
person from office pending an official in
vestigation.
The Mayor shall from time to time
recommend to the proper officers of
the different departments such meas
ures as he may deem beneficial to pub
lic interest. He shall see that the laws
of the State and ordinances of the City
and County are observed and enforced.
He shall have a general supervision
over all the departments and public
institutions of the City and County,
and see that they are honestly, eco
nomically and lawfully conducted, and
shall have the right to attend the meet
ings of any of the Boards provided for
in this Charter, and offer suggestions
at such meetings. He shall take all
proper measures for the preservation
of public order and the suppression of
all riots and tumults, for which pur
pose he may use and command thepo-
Jice force. If such police force is in
sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov
ernor for military aid in the manner
provided by law, so that such riots or
tumults may be promptly and effectu
ally suppressed.
Sec. 3. The Mayor shall see that all
contracts and agreements with the City
and County are faithfully kept and
tally performed. It shall be the duty
of every officer and person in the em- ■
ploy or service of the City and County,
when it shall come to his knowledge
that any contract or agreement with
the City and County, or with any offi
cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
or is about to be violated by the other
contracting party, forthwith to report
to the Mayor all facts and information
within his possession concerning such
matter. A willful failure to do so shall
be cause for the removal of such officer
or employee. The Mayor shall give a
certificate on demand to any person
reporting such facts and information
that he has done so, and such certifi
cate shall be evidence in exoneration
from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ac
tions or proceedings as may be neces
sary to revoke, cancel or annul all fran
chises that may have been granted by
the City and County to any person, com
pany or corporation which have been
forfeited in whole or in part or which
for any reason are illegal and. void and
not binding upon the city. The City
Attorney on demand of the Mayor
must institute and prosecute the neces
sary actions to enforce the provisions
of this section.
The Mayor shall have power to post
pone final action on any franchise that
may be passed by the Supervisors until
such proposed franchise shall be rati
fied or rejected by a majority of the
votes cast on the question. at the next
election.
Sec. 4. The Mayor rhall appoint all
officers of the City and County whose
election or appointment Is not other
wise specially provided for in this
Charter or by law. When a vacancy
occurs in any office, and provision is
not otherwise made in this Charter or
by law for filling the same, the Mayor
shall appoint a suitable person to fill
such vacancy, who shall hold office for
the remainder of the unexpired term.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be President
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
of his office. He may call extra ses
sions of the Board and shall commu
nicate to them in writing the objects
for which they have been convened;
and their acts at such sessions shall
be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the.
Mayor is temporarily unable to per
form his duties, a member of the Board
shall be chosen President pro tempore,
who shall act as such Mayor. When a
vacancy occurs in the office of Mayor,
it shall be filled for the unexpired term
by the Supervisors.
CHAPTER XI.
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and County
shall be designated the Auditor. He
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
must have been such for at least five
years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon it. He shall be in
personal attendance at his office daily
during office hours. He shall be the
general accountant of thg. City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
in his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give information as to the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
'Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties,
as the Board of Supervisors may des
ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shall
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec. 4. He shall number and keep an
official record at all demands audited by
him, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,
on what ac wv.nt allowed, against what
appropriation drawn, out of what fund
payable, and, if previously approved
or allowed, by what officer, department
or board it has been so approved or al
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office
for the Auditor to deliver a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have been complied
with.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment atid« committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion or person in any manner indebted
to the City and County, except for
taxes not delinquent, without first de
ducting the amount of any indebted
ness of which he has notice; nor in fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement of public
funds, unless his account has been pre
sented, passed, approved and allowed
as herein required; nor in favor of any
officer who has neglected to make his
i official returns or reports In the man
: ncr and at the time required by law,
: ordinance, or the regulations of the Su- |
i pervisors; nor in favor of any officer |
i who has neglected or refused to j
j comply with any of the provisions of .
' law regulating his duties, nor in favor i
i of any officer or employee for the time
he shall have absented himself without
legal cause from the duties cf his office ;
I during office hours. The Auditor must
' always examine on oath any person re- \
ceiving a salary from the City and ,
County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
i presenting for settlement an account or ;
; claim for any cause against the City I
and County to be sworn before him ;
touching such account or claim, and j
■ when so sworn, to answer orally as to
any facts relative to the justice of such
account or claim. Moneys placed in •
I the Special Deposit Fund shall not be j
i subject to the provisions of this sec- ;
! tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
! Treasurer, except the salary of the Au- ,
i ditor, must, before it can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether (the money is le- '
gaily due, and its payment authorized
I by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it is pay
i able. If he allow it, he shall endorse
j upon it the word "Allowed," with the
: name of the fund out of which it is
| payable, and the date of such allow
j ance. and sign his name thereto. No
i demand shall be approved, allowed, au
] dited or paid unless it specify each spe
: cial item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section to
the provisions of this Charter authoriz- ;
ing the same.
Sec. 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
i ister of warrants, showing the funds
I upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, in whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay
ment thereof, when the liability ac-
I crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
' shall not allow any demand out of its
order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe
cific fund, except for the purpose of de
termining its legality.
CHAPTER 111.
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Treas
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive,
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal-
I ary of eighteen hundred dollars and
one clerk who shall receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid into the treasury. He shall not
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit the
same, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
i the same to pass out of his personal
: Custody, except upon demands author
i ized by law or this Charter, and after
i they shall have been approved by the
| Auditor. At the close of business each
• day he shall take an account of and en
; ter in the proper book the exact amount
! of money on hand. At the end of every
, month he shall make and file with the
i Mayor and publish quarterly in the offl
; cial newspaper a statement of the con
' dition of the treasury, showing the
I amount of receipts into and pay
ments from the treasury, and
|on what account, and out of
| what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
, guilty of misconduct in office, and be
i liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging
to each fund separate and distinct, and
■baU in no case pay demands chargea
ble against one fund out of moneys be
longing to another. He shall be in per
sonal attendance at his office each day
during office hours. No "ees of any
kind shall be retained by him, but the
same, from whatsoever source received
or derived, shall be paid by him into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the
moneys in the treasury, there shall be
provided a joint custody safe in which
shall be kept the moneys of the City
and County. Said safe shall have Iwo
combination locks, neither one of
which alone will open the safe. The
Treasurer shall have the knowledge
of one combination and the Auditor of
the other. The Auditor shall be joint
custodian with the Treasurer of all
funds in the joint custody safe; but
shall have no control over them except
to open and close the safe in conjunc
tion with the Treasurer, when request
ed to do so in his official capacity, and
shall not be held responsible on his of- |
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept in bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each, I
and the silver in bags containing one
thousand dollars To each bag
shall be attached a tag showing the
nature and amount of coin contained
I herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
| the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept in the safe a joint j
custody book, showing the amount and
description of all funds in the safe, j
! and whenever any amounts are with- <
; drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall
I make the proper entry in the joint cus- ;
; tody book and initial the same. If on '
I account of sickness or urgent necessity
| the Auditor •- unavoidably absent the
j Deputy Auditor shall perform his dv- :
j ties. The estimated amount of money
! required daily for the payment of de- i
mands against the treasury shall be ;
taken from the joint custody safe and
kept in another safe; and the money
j therein shall be balanced daily at the
! close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasurer, on receiving
any money into the treasury, shall
i make out and sign two receints for the
i money. Such receipts shall be alike,
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear the word "Original." and
Upon the face of the other shall appear i
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts
shall be numbered and dated, and shall
specify the amount, on what account ■
and from what person or officer re- '
ceived. and into what fund or o n what
; account paid. The Treasurer shall en- ;
: ter upon the stubs of such receipts a <
: memorandum of the contents thereof
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal" to the person or officer paying
such money into the treasury, "and
, forthwith deliver the receipt mark**! ''
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall '■
i write upon Its face the date of its de
; livery to him, and charge the Treas- i
; urer with the amount specified there
in, and file the receipt in his office.
; Sec. 5. No demand shall be paid bar
the Treasurer unless it specify each
: several item, date and amount compos- ,
ing it. and refer by title, date and
section to the law. or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing the j
| same: but the allowance or approval of i
j the Auditor, or of the Supervisors, or \
\ of any department, board or officer, of i
j any demand which is not authorized I
i by law or this Charter, and which upon
its face appears not to have been ex- !
pressly made payable out of the funds
to be charged therewith, shall afford no I
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. 6. Every lawful demand upon
] the treasury, audited and allowed as in j
i this Charter required, shall in all cases <
| bevPaid unon presentation. If there be I
• sufficient money in the treasury ap-
I plicable to the paymen* of such de
| mand, and on "•■'•ment canceled with |
! a punch, cutting the word "Car.ceW
; therein, and the proper entry
made. If, however, there be not suffi
i cient money so applicable, then it shall
| be registered in a book kept for that
, purpose by the Treasurer. Such regis
ter shall show the special number given
, by the Supervisors or other authority.
i and also by the Auditor to each de^ |
mand presented, also when presented,
• the date; amount, name of ' orisrinal
holder and on what account allowed
and against what appropriation drawn
I and out of what specific fund payable.
All demands shall be paid in the order
of their registration- Each demand
upon being so registered shall be re
turned to the party presenting it, with
the endorsement of the word "Register
ed," and dated and signed by the
Treasurer; but the registration of any
demand shall not operate to recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any : of the provisions of
this Charter.
I CHAPTER IV. •! is, 1 , jr.:
The Assessor.
SECTION 1. There shall be an As
sessor ,of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an . annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one cashier who shall re
ceive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; six assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary, at eighteen hundred dollars; twen
ty-one clerks who . shall each receive
an annual salary of twelve hundred
dollars; and during four months of tha
year not more than one hundred clerks
who shall each be paid at the rate of
not more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their employ*
ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and in the manner
prescribed by the general laws of tha
State. - .
CHAPTER V. j
The Tax Collector.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Tax
Collector of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election-. and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be In full compensa
tion for all his services. He may appoint
one chief deputy, who shall receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars: one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars, and extra clerks who
shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their em
ployment, but the total amount of
payment for such extra clerks shall
not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
a year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
lect all licenses which may at any time
be required by law or ordinance to be
collected within the City, and County.
He shall be charged with all taxes lev
ied upon real and personal property
within the City and County, upon th©
final settlement to be made by him ac
cording to law, or this Charter. H«
shall pay into the treasury, " without
any deduction for commissions, fees or
charges of any kind or on any ac
count, the full amount of all taxes, as
sessments and moneys received by him,
and not previously paid over, includ
ing all moneys paid under protest, and
money , received for taxes paid more
than once, and for street assessments.
He shall also be charged with, and be
debtor to the City and County for, tha
full amount of all taxes due upon tha
delinquent tax list delivered to him for
collection, unless it appear to the satis
faction of the Supervisors expressed by
resolution, that it was. out of his power
to collect the same by levy and sale of
property liable to be seized and sold
therefor. •• •' - • - -•*■. : - - •"•;
Sec. 3. The Tax ; Collector may ap
point an attorney to prosecute actions
for the collection of delinquent taxes,
and may agree on paying him as com
pensation therefor a stated percentage
out of the amounts recovered; but such
percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persona
liable .to pay licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
he and his deputies shall have the
same powers as police officers in serv
ing process and in making arrests. He
may demand the exhibition of any
license for the current term from any
person, firm or corporation engaged or
employed in the transaction of any
business for which a license Is re
quired; and if such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may be
revoked forthwith by the Tax ■ Collec
tor.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall from tim»
to time deliver to the Tax Collector
such City and County licenses as may
be required, and sign the same ana
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying in the charge the -amounts
thereof named in such licenses. respec
tively and the class of licenses, ana
take receipts therefor, and the Tax
Collector shall sign and collect the
same. The Tax Collector shajl once in.
every month, and oftener when re
quired by the Auditor, make to th&
Auditor a report under oath of all
licenses sold and on hand, and of all
amounts paid to. the Treasurer, and
shall also in that regard comply with
the regulations which may be pre
scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
of making such report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for all ? moneys paid into the
treasury.
CHAPTER VI. j ... .
The Coroner.
SECTION I. There shall be a Coro
ner of the City and County, who shall be
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
He shall perform such duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. He
shall have the control and • manage
ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt. ;
Sec. 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annual .
' salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a chi f deputy. who shall receive an an
nual alary of twenty-four hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars; a stenographer and
typewriter who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a ; messenger, who shall J receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollars.
CHAPTEB VII.
. The Recorder.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Re
corder of the City and - County,
; who shall be an elector of ,the
City and -County at the time -of
his ■> election and ; who , must have
been ; such for at least > five years . next
preceding such election. He shall be
elected \by the people : and ; hoid office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of .thirty-six hundred dol
lars. >; He may appoint a. Chief Deputy,
who shall receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an'
| annual- salary of fifteen hundred £61
1 lars. v He may. also j appoint has many
copyists ;as i he may deem - necessary,
,who . shall ' receive i not more than eight
; cents : for I each one j hundred : words ac
tually written; but no copyist shall be
! paid c a greater compensation at thi*
! rate than amounts in the. aggregate 4w
j one hundred dollars a month. - -- - 1
I Sec. 2. The Recorder, shall take Intohis custody and safely keep all books,
records, maps and papers deposited in
his office. Upon demand and payment
the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to
any one applying therefor a copy of
n:.y such book, record, map or paper,
certified under the hand and seal of his
When any papers are presented
for filing or recording, he or his depu-
B.hall write on the margin of each
I . nted the number of folios,
the. amount paiu for recording the
tame, and shall number consecutively
.elt instruments and documents filed in
1!" shall also perform all
:'6ther duties .it the time and in the
ribed by the general laws
vf the state.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Superior Court Judges.
SECTION 1. The Judges of the Su-
Court of the City an- County
Int not to exceed five inter
a of foreign languages, who shall
. • - such interpreters in criminal ac
anu proceedings in all the courts
■ City and County, and in exam
ns before Coroner's juries.
Sec. 2. The stenographers .n the
criminal Departments of the Superior
shall each receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred dollars which shall be in full
■ ipensation for all services including
transcription and all stationery used
■■m.
CHAPTER 11.
The City Attorney.
SECTION 1. There shall be anAttor
;and Counselor of the City and
...C unty, who shall be styled City At-
: .;tOTFney, and w.-o shall receive an an
ary of five thousand dollars.
shall be elected by the people and
I hold office for the period of two
: b He must be ~t the time of his
tfon an elector of the City and
' I qualified to practice in all
this State, and he must
en si i qualified for at least ten
• preceding his election, dur
which he must have
i resident of the City and
1 y. ] devote his entin- time
ittentlon to the dutl > of hia office.
2. He li.iisi prosecute and de-,
fend for the City and County all ac
tkms at law or in equity, and all spe
cial | lings for or against th/> City
and County; and whenever any cause
at law or In equity or by spe
proceedin exists in favor <>f the
City and County, ho shall commence
il ■ game when within his knowledge,
it within his knowledge, when
so by resolution of the
He shall give legal ad
itlng. t" all officers, boards
siona named in this Char
sted so to do by them.
■ ther <>i them, in writing, upon
arising In their sepaiate de
volving the rights or lia
es of the Cit and County. He
not sett lismiss any litiga
• • - :: Bt the City and County
-> upon his writ
. *vtcn" recommendation he is ordered to
■••Vdo.'BO b' the Mayor and Supervisors.
. •-■...••Pec. 3. He Khali keep on file in His
.;.,. office ail written communications and
• 'opinions given by him to any officer,
■ ■ board or department; the briefs and
: -.transcripts used in causes wherein he
•' appears : and bound books of record
J ■ and/registry of all actions or proceed- '.
:ii>«a in his charee in which the City,
-..-and County is interested.
":fSec. 4. . He :hall deliver all books
■■ c ."^.-tiSL records, reports, documents, pa
. \>pers. statutes, law books and property
■ "Vof every description in his possession,
'". - belonging to his office, or to the City j
.and CountV. to his successor in office,
..;.; 'jvho shall ™Ive him duplicate receipts
i'tlierefor, one of which he shall file,
;-Hvith ihe Auditor.
. ".••Sec 5. The City Attorney may ap- ,
;."■■'• point four assistants, the first of whom ;
• shall.' receive an annual salary of
. .Thirty-six hundred dollars; th» second
.";.;kn 'annual salary of three thousand
V -dollars; the third an annual salary of
:', twenty-four hundred dollars, and the
••■'fourth an annual salary of eighteen
' hundred dollars. He may also appoint .
-." a chief, clerk, wh shall receive an an- ■
• ■ nual salary of eighteen hundred dol- :
, lars; •an assistant clerk who shall re
■ ■'■-ceive an annual salnrv of nine hundred
- dollars: a stenographer and typewriter
who shall receive an annual salary of :
-.'..nine hundred dollars; and a messen
ger who shall receive an annual salary
of nine. hundred dollars. An officer of
>.. the. Police Department shall be perma
-. "tnently tailed by the Chief of Police
■: • for .the purpose of doing the detective
v..rk necessary in preparing and
\ prosecuting the litigation of the office.
•;■■•. cyho shall- continue to serve oh such de- |
.." ".tail. during the pleasure of the City At
>.t^rney. The assistants and the chief
. .clerk must each, at the time of his ap- :
. ■ p/'intment. he Qualified to practice in
"• all the courts of this State, and must
Jtave been «"> ouaflified at least two j
years next preceding his appointment, i
■.'. -The' assistants, clerks, typewriter and I
;••-• mpsseneer shall be. appointed by the
":..Cily Attorney, and shall hold their
offir'es. at his ■ sure, and the specific'
. duties of each shall be prescribed by
him
CHAPTER 111.
The District Attorney.
SECTION L The District Attorney
ph. ill be etc* by the people and shall
hold office for two years. He shall be ;
an elector of the City and County and
must at the time of his election be
qualified to practice in all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for i.t least five* years next
preceding his election. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. The District Attorney shall
have all the powers conferred, and '
:• shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the District Attorneys of coun
ties by the general laws of this State,
and in addition thereto shall attend, in
stitute and conduct on behalf of the
people. . all prosecutions cognizable in
: . the" Polio Court of the City and
County. He shall draw all complaints
-' and ■ warrants in said Police Court, j
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
. therein, and all actions for the recovery j
nf fines, penalties, and forfeitures ac- :
cruing to the City and County: deliver
7. receipts for money or property received
'• his official capacity, and file dupli- '
cates therefor with the County Treas- j
urer; file with the Auditor on the first
Mondays of January. April. July and ;
October in each year, an Itemized !
statement under, oath showing all i
moneys received by him in his official !
capacity dnrlr- the preceding three J
months; keep a register of his official >
business in which must be entered; a
note of every action, whether criminal
■ or civil, nrosecuted officially by him. |
•and of the proceedings therein: and
give, when required, without fee, ad
vice to the Board of Police Commis- i
sioners, the Chief of Police, the Board
of Health and th" Coroner, upon mat
. ters relating to the duties of their re
spective offices.
Sec. 3. He may appoint seven Assist
ant District Attorneys to aid hip-> in the
discharge of his official duties, three of
whom shall act as prosecutors in the
■•• Superior Court, and shall oach receive
annual salary of thirty-six hundred
.dollars, and four of whom shall Bet as
fhe prosecuting attorneys of the Police
"Court, and shall each receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
TVhpn any of the assistants of the Dis
= trict Attorney acting as «uich nrosecut
ing attorneys In tr»» PoHc» Court' are
•not actually engaged in wo r k connected j
'with pros<HMitior<s therein, they shall be
at the call of the District Attorney for
nny service connected with his depart
..ment. The assistants must each, at the
time of his appointment, be n"alifipd to
. practi<»e in all the courts of this State.
- and must have be«*n so qualified. for at
J^ast two years r"»xt preceding his ap
•■ po!ntm<?nt. The District Attorney may
. also appoint one chief clerk, who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; one assistant clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars; and one sten
ographer and typewriter who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney may, in
the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
sales under judgments for the recovery
of fines, penalties or forfeitures accru
ing to the ("if- and County.
CHAPTER IV.
The Public Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Public Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years. He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators of
counties by the general laws of this
State, except as in this Charter other
wise specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by law to the Public Admlntstra
tors of the counties of the State in full
compensation for all his services.
CHAPTER V.
The County. Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
, be ejected by the people and shall hold
! office for two years. He shall have all
! the powers conferred, and shall dis
: charge all the duties imposed upon, the
i County Clerks of counties by the gen
i eral laws of this State, and in addition
' thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
the Police Court, keep the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all books, papers and
records which may be filed or deposited
in his office pertaining to the Police
! Court. He shall receive an annual sal
ary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. To aid him in the discharge of
: his official duties, the County Clerk
may appoint a Chief Register Clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars; a Cash
ier, who shall receive an annual salary
of eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
Court who shall each receive an an
nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars; five Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; ten As
sistant Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
ists, who shall each receive an annual
salary- of twelve hundred dollars; and
four Clerks for the Police Court, -who
shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. For copies of papers furnish
ed and certified by him. he shall charge
more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies,
which are not prepared by him. he
shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
; cents, and also forty cents an hour for
' the time exceeding one hour necessarily
■ occupied in comparing such copies. He
must certify all papers presented to
i him which are copies of any document.
1 paper or record, or portions thereof, In
his custody.
CHAPTER VI.
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall be
elected by the people, and he shall hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of eight thousand dol
lars, which shall bo in full compensa
tion for all official services required of
him by law; but said salary shall be
exclusive of the compensation received
by him from the State for the delivery
of prisoners to the State prisons, and
insane persons to the State asylums for
the insane. He shall have all the pow
ers conferred, and shall discharge all
the duties imposed up^n, the Sheriffs
of counties by the general laws of this
State.
B( . 2. He may appoint the follow
ing deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively recen c the following
annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
drt-d dollars; c-ne Attorney, eighteen
hundred dollars: one Chief Bookkeeper,
eighteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
Be kkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol
lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred
dollars; one Chi^f Jailer at Branch Jail
Number One, eighteen hundred dollars;
ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One,
twelve hundred dollars; one Superin
tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two
and Three, eighteen hundred dollars:
sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
Two, six hundred dollars; one Matron
at Branch Jail Number Three, nine
hundred dollars: six Guards at Branch
Jail Number Three, six hundred dol
lars: one Commissary to act for all
jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
Driver of Van, nine hundred dollars;
and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
services to be performed by his depu
ties.
CHAPTER VII.
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION 1. The Justices of the
Peace shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
except the Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred dollars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies, each of whom shall re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTER VIII.
The Police Court.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
and established in and for the City and
County of San Francisco a Ccrurt to be
known as the Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco. Said
t'nurt shall consist of four Judges, who
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. They shall each
receive an annual salary of thirty-six
hundred dollars. They shall be electors
of the City and County at the time of
their election, and must have been such
for at least live years next preceding
such time. No person shall be eligible
to the office of Judge of the Police
Court who is not at the time of his elec
tic-n qualified to practice in all the
Courts of this State, and who has not
been so qualified for at least five years
next preceding his election. The Court
.shall be divided into departments
known as Department Number One,
Department Number Two. Depart
ment Number Three and Department
Number Four. The Judges of such
Court may hold as many sessions of the
Court at the -same time as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
be elected at the first election under
this Charter shall so classify them
selves by lot that two of them shall ero
out of office in two years and two of
them in four years.
They shall choose' Cromthpirn urn her a
Presiding Judge who shall serve for one
year. The Presiding Judge shall as
sign the Judges to their respective de
partments; but any of the Judges may
preside in any of the departments in
the absence or inability of the Judge
regularly assigned thereto.
The judgments, orders and proceed
ings of any session of the Court held by
any one or more of the Judges shall be
equally effectual as if all the Judges
had presided at such session.
Sec. 2. The Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco shall
have:
First— Exclusive jurisdiction of all
prosecutions for the violation of or
dinances of the Board of Supervisors.
Second — Concurrent jurisdiction with
the Superior Court of all other misde
meanors and of the examination of all
felonies committed in the City and
County.
Third— Said Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers in
all criminal actions, cases, examina
tions and proceedings as are now or
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings in said Court
shall be conducted in accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings in Justices' and Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and
said Court or any Judge thereof shall
have the same power in ail criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices of the Peace: provided, that:
First — No case shall be dismissed or
fine imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken.
Second — Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shall lose his
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendant's
attorney shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the District
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on anpeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within five
days after the District Attorney shall
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed statement.
Third — Any person who shall solicit
or importune any of said Judges, either
before or after judgment, to dismiss a
case, or mitigate a sentence, unless the
same be done in open court, shall be
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth — A complaint may be demur
red to on the grou/id that it does not
set forth the offense charged with such
particularities of time, place, person
and property as to enable the defend
ant to understand distinctly the char
acter of the offense complained of, and
the complaint may be amended by per
mission of the Court after a demurrer
is sustained.
Fifth— A defendant in custody shall
have the right to be tried before a de
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth— The Judges of said Court shall
try all cases as speedily as possible,
and must refuse continuances after the
first calling of a case for trial except
upon affidavit showing good cause
therefor.
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial in the Police Court,
or on appeal from a judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified in the undertaking is in
the City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may become liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
in person or by his Assistants, must be
present at the sessions of the Court and
attend to the prosecution of all cases
coming before it. and make out all
complaints and warrants for the arrest
of persons charged with crime to be
prosecuted in said court.
Sec. 5. The District Attorney shall
appoint a Warrant and Bond Clerk
who shall receive a salary of twenty
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant Warrant and Bond Clerks,
each of whom shall receive a salary of
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No
person shall be appointed a Warrant
and Bond Clerk wh<> is not at the time
of his appointment qualified to practice
in all the Courts of this State. The
Warrant and Bond Clerk shall ke»p his
of Fee open continuously night and day
tor the transaction of business: shall
draw complaints in actions In the Po
lice Court, and approve the same with
his written signature; shall have the
custody of all bail bonds and appeal
bonds "taken in the Police Court; shall
examine the sufficiency of every bail
bond and appeal bond taken in the Po
lice Court and make a return thereon,
within forty-eight hours after such
bond shall have come into his posses
sion, in the following form:
'I Warrant and Bond
Cierk of the City and County of San
Francisco, have examined the within
bond and find it good in law. I have
examined the records of the City and
County of San Francisco, and find the
property, its owners and inoumbrances
herein described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed ,
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
The Warrant and Bond Clerk shall
endorse upon the bond the time when
it was issued by him, or when it came
into his possession. He may issue bail
bonds and appeal bonds when the lia
bility thereof does not exceed two thou
sand dollars, and order the discharge
from custody of the persons for whom
the bonds are issued; and he may take
cash bail to the extent in any one case
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all
moneys received as bail in the manner
that the County Clerk is required by
law to account for and pay moneys re
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police
Court shall ever take bail or order the
release of any one charged with an of
fense.
Sec. 6. In the matter of fixing bail
and ordering the release of prisoners
the Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court.
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Sec. 8. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any rxrson other than a Judge of pnmp
Court in the City and County, or other
than said Warrant and Bond Clerk, to
receive bail money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Sec. 9. AM demurrers to complaints,
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to the Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting in the De
partment of the Court in which the
case is set for hearing, or heard or
I tried.
Pec. 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
be present either in per.«on or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court in the de
partments thereof; call the daily calen
dar of the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases in the
Court and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take notes
of all preliminary examinations made
at the sessions, and transcribe into
type-written long hand all evidence
taken by either of them where the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. Each of such stenographers
shall be paid for all his services, in
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him. an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Pec. 12. The Mayor may in writing ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge of the Police Court, or any de
partment thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
act.
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to be made out and delivered to
each of the Clerks of the Court at or
before nine o'clock in the forenoon of
each flay a calendar of arrests in
which ih- rfises shall have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
in accordance ■with the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state "the
offense charged;" whether the defend
ant is "in custody" or "on bail:" "the
amount of bail:" "whether cash or
bond," and "the name of the arresting
officer."
Sec. 14. The Chi^f of Police shall ap
point nnf nr moro Police Officers to at
tend the sessions of the Police Court
in each department thereof to pre
serve order and execute the orders of
the Court
Sec. 15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec. 16. No attorney shall appear in
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law in all the courts of
this State.
Sec 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges eiected at the general elec
tion held in the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
Judges provided for in this Chapter;
and all proceedirgspendinginsaidCourt
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain Jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTER IX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION 1. The Supervisors must
r provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
i lights, stationery, and all necessary
i conveniences, attendants and care,
i rooms convenient and accessible to the
j judges and officers of the courts and of
I the municipal government sufficient for
i the use and accommodation of the San
i Francisco Law Library, established
I under an Act of the Legislature of this
I State entitled: "An Act to provide for
I increasing the Law Library of the cor
poration known as the San Francisco
i Law Library, and to secure the use of
i the same to the Courts held at San
i Francisco; the Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
i City and County of San Francisco," ap
proved March 9th, 1870. The Supervis
ors must appropriate, allow, and order
paid out of the proper fund such sums
as may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid: and all sums lawfully ap
propriated and expended pursuant
hereto shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, in the
! mode prescribed by this Charter for
auditing other demands upon the treas
i ury. The County Clerk must pay
monthly to the Treasurer of the San
i Francisco Law Library such moneys as
j he shall collect under the Act referred
I to for the benefit of said Law Library.
ARTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
CHAPTER L
The Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart
ment of Public Works under the man
i agement of three Commissioners who
! shall constitute 'the Board of Public
j Works, and who shall give all their
■ time during official business hours to
the duties of their office. The members
of said Board shall be appointed by the
; Mayor. Of those first appointed he
j shall appoint one for one year, one for
I two years, and one for three years.
I Each year thereafter he shall appoint
I for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
j of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not
I more than one member shall at any
| one time belong to the same political
I party. No person shall be eligible for
I appointment as such Commissioner un
j less he is, and has been for at least five
j years next preceding his appointment,
I an elector of the City and County. Each
| of said Commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
: appointed under this Charter, one shall
: be designated by the Mayor to serve
;as President for one year. All subse
j quent Presidents of the Board shall be
i elected by the members thereof for
j terms to be fixed by sa.id board. The
President of the Board shall in each
case hold office until his successor has
been elected or until his membership
on the Board expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a
Secretary who shall receive an annual
: salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
Board may employ such clerks, super
intendents, inspectors, engineers, sur
veyors, deputies, architects and work
: men as shall be necessary to a proper
' discharge of their duties under this Ar-
I tide, and fix their compensation; but
I no compensation to any of said persons
; shall be greater than is paid in the
case of similar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all
necessary rules and regulations for its
i government, and for the performance
. of its duties, and for the regulation and
i conduct of its officers and employes;
i and shall require adequate bonds from
i its officers and employes, except labor
i ers, for the faithful performance of all
I their duties in such sums as may be
j fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
; shall be approved by the Mayor and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi
: tor.
Sec. 6. The Board shall hold regular
j meetings at least once each week at a
I place and time to be fixed by resolution
I entered on its minutes. No changes in
place or time of regular meetings shall
; be made without a resolution passed at
I least two weeks before the time the
| change is to go into effect. Such spe
\ cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary after
. notice of the same has been posted ten
hours before the time of holding any
such meeting. All meetings shall be
i public. No business shall be transacted
at an adjourned meeting except such as
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration at the meeting from
i which the adjournment was had. No
business shall be transacted at a spe
cial meeting except that which is named
in the notice of said meeting. Special
meetings may be called by any member
of the Board. In every case where a
power is exercised under this Article
by the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The Board shall keep and
preserve a record of all its proceedings,
i and copies of all plans, specifications.
; reports, contracts, estimates, certift
j cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
: maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
I pertaining to the transactions of the
Board. The Secretary of the Board
i shall keep a record of all its transac
. tions, specifying therein the names of
J the Commissioners present at all the
| meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
I upon all votes. The Secretary shall
I post and publish all orders, resolu
i tions and notices as required in this
Chapter or which the Board shall order
to be posted or published. He shall
perform such other duties as may from
time to time be prescribed by the
Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the suc
cessor in office and shall have all the
powers and perform all the duties of
the Superintendent of Streets, High
ways and Squares, of the New City
Hall Commissioners, and of the Com-
I missions in existence at the time this
i Charter goes into effect for the open
ing, extending, widening, narrowing,
straightening, closing or changing the
grades of streets in the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 8. The Board shall immediatel>
after its organization take possession
and have the custody and control of ah
; maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
| ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments,
tools, appliances, contract rights, priv
ileges, books, documents and archives
and other property belonging to th*
City and County, or which may be of
value and importance to the City and
County, and heretofore kept by or in
the offices of the City and County Sur
veyor, the Superintendent of Public
Streets, Highways and Squares, the
Board of New City Hall Commission
ers, and all commissions in existence a*
the time this Charter goes into effect,
for the opening, extending, widening,
narrowing, straightening, closing or
changing: the grades of streets, and all
other business and works pertaining to
any of said offices or commissions.
Sec. 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence and
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
1. Of all public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, courts,
roads, highways and boulevards now
opened or which may hereafter be
opened in the City and County; of the
manner of their use; and of all work
done upon, over or under the same; and
herein particularly the Board shall have
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, in conformity witn
the ordinances of the Supervisors, for
the moving of buildings through th«
streets thereof, and the building or
placing of cellars or vaults under the
streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraph or tele
phone wires, and wires for electric light
ing and power; the construction ot
drains and sewers; the laying down and
taking up of gas, steam and water pipes,
pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, ana
sewers and drains, and determining the
location thereof; the using of the
street or any portion thereof for the
deposit of building material in front or
a building during its construction or
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
to the public from the dedication there
of to public use.; and without such per
mission in writing from said Eoard no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to gran*
permits for or allow the permanent en
croachment upon any sidewalk of any
structure.
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess
pools, and of the work pertaining
thereto or to the drainage of the City
and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
all public streets, avenues, alleys,
places, courts, roads, highways and
boulevards, and the lighting of th*
same and the lighting of the parks,
squares and other public places ana
public buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the public
buildings of the City and County and
of the appointment of such Janitorsanci
employees as are needed for such pur
pose;
5. Of the supervision of any and all
building construction in the City and
County;
6. Of the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various de
partments, including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the I
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
the collection and disposal of street
refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
designing, construction and mainten
ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County;
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by tho
City and County, or which may here
after be so owned, controlled or ope
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
company or corporation desires to have
opened or torn up the roadway of any
street, lane, alley, place or court in the
City and County for any purpose, a
written application shall be made to
the Board of Public Works for permis
sion to do so. The Board shall there
upon make an estimate o- the expense
of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
storing the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening or tear
ing up. Such person, company or cor
j poration must thereupon deposit the
I amount of such estimate with the
Board of Public Works which shall
thereupon pay the same into the Gene
ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
1 open or tear u~ sa»d street, lane, alley,
! place or court as in said application re
! quested, and shall at the proper time
! restore such street, lane, alley, place or
j court to as good a condition as it was
iin before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts for the doing of sucn work
by the Board may be let by it in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
Board, be done by days' labor.
If the expense of such work has been
more than the a-foresaid estimate, the
j person, company or corporation shall
be indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall con
stitute a lien upon the property of
: such person, company or corporation.
Said lien shall remain in force until
i such balance has been paid, or until
l : the lien shall be legally discharged.
! Said lien may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac
cordance with the provisions of the
i Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California. If the expense of such
work has been U s than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus shall con
stitute a claim in favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
City and County, and as such shall be
presented, approved and paid as other
claims.
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
estimates required by the Supervisors
in connection with any public improve
ments or utilities, shall be made by the
Board of Public Works and it shall,
! when requested to do so, furnish infor-
m ation and data for the use of the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 11. Said Board shall appoint a
j Civil Engineer of not less than five
years' practical experience as such,
who shall be designated the City En
gineer. He shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
j eering and surveying required in the
j prosecution of the public works and
I improvements done under the direction
and supervision of said Board, and
shall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be i
directed to do by said Board or by the !
Supervisors. He shall possess the same ;
power in the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun
ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
all plats, surveys and certificates made
iby him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect as
are or may be given by law to those
of City Engineers and County Survey
ors. No street assessment shall be val
id without his certificate as to the
quantities and unless it be to the effect
that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business while he is in its
service. He shall receive no com
pensation except his salary. The
Board shall by resolution establish
fees and charges for the services
to be performed by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
; porations, and may from time to time
j change and adjust the same. Said En
| gineer shall require such fees or
charges to be paid in advance for any
official act or service demanded of him,
and such moneys thus paid shall be
paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sec. 13. The Board shall appoint the
necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
the sole executive control in his own
department, subject to the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Board.
Sec. 14. All public work authorized
by the Supervisors to be done under the
supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwise determin
ed by the Board of Public Works,
be done under written contract, except
in case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically provided ie this
Charter, the following proceedings
shall be taken in all cases in the matter
of the letting of contracts by said
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for doing any work authorized by
this Article, the Board shall cause no
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall invite sealed proposals to be
delivered at a certain day and hour at
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, as may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file in the office of
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec. 16. All proposals shall be made
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or
sham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid, or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding; and has not in any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im
provement, for himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or interlineation, and if any bid shall
have an erasure or interlineation it
shall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made in vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an
amount not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be considered unless
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed in, more than one bid for the same
work. If on the opening of said bids
more than one bid appear in which the
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified in said notice inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids shall be delivered to the
Board while it is so in session, and
within the hour named in the adver
tisement. No bid not so delivered to
the Board shall be considered. Each
i bid as it shall be received shall be num
! bered and marked "Filed" by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within
| which the bids will be received, the
I Board shall, in open session, open, ex
| amine and publicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
i the Secretary. Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
j thereupon, at said time, or at such
| other time, not exceeding twenty days
! thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
! to, award the contract to the lowest
j bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
; vided. Notice of such award shall
; forthwith be posted for five days by
i the Secretary of the Board in some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
j bids, and must reject the bid of any
I party who has been delinquent or un
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth
| er than the lowest regular bid; and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
checks corresponding to the bids so re
j jected. If all the bids are rejected, 'the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as in the first in
stance.
The check accompanying the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder fails or refuses to en
ter into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid, and
the amount therein mentioned, shall be
forfeited to the City and County, and
shall be collected and paid into the
General Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. 18. If at any time it shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded has, in nre
senting any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pose of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded
shall be null and void, and the Board
shall advertise for a new contract for
said work.
Sec. 19. In the case of improvement
of streets, the owners of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or, in the case of an
assessment district, the owners of a
major part of the superficial area em
braced in such district, or their agents,
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
whole work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter into a written con
tract therefor within said ten days, or
should they enter into such contract
and fail to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution of such contract, the Board
shall enter into a contract with the
original bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fail or refuse for fifteen days after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter into the contract, the Boar.i
shall again advertise for proposals as
in the first instance.
Sec. 20. If the owners or contractor
who may have entered into any con
tract do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract, or
within such further time as is here
inafter provided, the Board may relet
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions in this
Chapter prescribed for the letting of
the whole.
Sec. 21. All contracts shall be drawn
under the supervision of the City At
torney, and shall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be done, the
manner in which it shall be executed,
and the quality of the material to be
used.
Every contract entered Into by the
Board shall be signed by all the mem
bers thereof and by the other contract
ing party. All contracts shall be signed
In triplicate, one of which, with the
specifications and drawings, if any,
of the work to be done, and the mate
rials to be furnished, shall be filed
with the Clerk of the Supervisors: one
thereof, with said specifications and
drawings, shall be kept in the office
of the Board, and the other with said
specifications and drawings shall be
delivered to the contractor.
At the same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shall ex
ecute to the City and County and de
liver to the Secretary of the Board a
bond in the sum named in the notico
for proposals, with two or more suffi
cient sureties to be approved by the
Board, or shall deposit with the Secre
tary a certified chock upon some sol
vent bank for said amount, for tha
faithful performance of the contract.
No surety on any bond, other than law
fully authorized surety companies,
shall be taken unless he shall be a
payer of taxes on real property, the
assessed value of which, over and
above all incumbrances, is equal in
amount to his liabilities on all bonda
on which he may be security to the
City and County: and each surety
shall justify and make an affidavit (for
which a form shall be printed upon
said bond), signed by him, that he ia
assessed upon the last Assessment
Book of the City and County in his
own name for real property in an
amount greater than his liability on all
bonds on which he is surety to the City
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not de
linquent.
The contract shall specify the time
within which the work shall be com
menced, and when to be completed, as
was specified in the notice inviting pro
posals therefor. Upon the recommen
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no event
shall the time for the performance ot
said contract be extended by the Su
pervisors more than ninety days be
yond the time originally fixed for its
completion; but, on the unanimous
recommendation of the Board of Publlo
Works, a further extension may ba
granted by vote of fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors. In case cf
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within tha
time fixed in the contract, or within
such extension of said time as is herein
provided, his contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shall not pay or
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by him under said contract;
and, in the case of the improvement of
streets, no assessment shall be made
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work in this-Article pro
vided for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of tha
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be in accordance with
the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that in no case, except where it
is otherwise provided in this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liable
for any portion of the expense, or in
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons oi
property assessed.
When said work shall have been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, it shall so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon tha
Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTER 11. ■■"^IHS
Improvement of Streets. ;
SECTION 1. All streets, lanes, alleys
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, shall be deemed and held
to be open public streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts, for the purposes of
this Chapter; and tue Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order to be
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must
in the first instance, except -where
otherwise provided in this Article, be
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic Works; and if the expense thereof
is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine that such improve
ment is expedient, it shall so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
by said Board. When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it shall not be au
thorized except by an or> nance passed
by the affirmative vote of not less than
fourteen members of the Board of Su
pervisors. If an application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Public
Works shall not approve of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors its reasons tor such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said work or improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the making of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Works may alao,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make. with,
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and in
such case the Supervisors may order
the same done.
No street work or street improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all sucfi
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record in the office of said
Board.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street intersec
tion or crossing-, where the streets do
not intersect each other at right angles,
it shall in each such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent to such,
intersection or crossing will be benefit
ed by said work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall be
delineated the lots so to be benefited.
Such map shall be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec 3. Before recommending: to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or improvement, the expense of which,
or any part thereof, is to be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
its intention to recommend the same,
specifying 1 the work to be recommend
ed, and shall fix a day when it shall
take final action upon said resolution.
Upon the passage thereof the Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith, with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspic
uously for five days in the office of said
Secretary, and to be published for a
period of ten days (legal holidays ex
cepted) and cause a copy to be deposit
ed in the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Book of the City and
County for the next preceding fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement; but if
said lot stand on said book in the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spicuously posted along the line of said
contemplated improvement, at points
not more than one hundred feet in dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three in all, of the passage of said reso
lution. Each of said notices shall be
headed "Notice of Street Work", in let
ters of not less than two inches in
length, and shall in leeribie characters
state the fact of the passage of said
resolution, its date, and, briefly, the
work or improvement proposed, and re
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars.
Sec. 4. The owners of a majority of
the frontage of the pror.rty fronting
on said proposed work or improvement,
and, in case of a district, .hose owningmore than one-half of the superficial I
area of the district, may make written ,
objections to the same -within ten days
after the expiration of the time of the
publication o£ Bald resolution of inten
lion, which objections shall be delivered
to the secretary of the Board of Public
Works, who shall endorse thereon the
date of Its reception by him. Such ob- \
jections shall be a bar for six months 1
to any further proceedings in relation
to the doing of said work or making j
said improvement, unless the owners of j
the one-half or more of the frontage or i
of the district. as aforesaid, shall i
meanwhile petition for the Same to bo .
done, and the same shall, after the ex
piration of said six months, be contra- i
ued under the resolution of intention
first passed if said Board shall deem j
proper. If, however, the owners of at j
least two-thirds of the property front
ing on said proposed work or improve
ment, and, in the case of a district,
those owning at least two-thirds of the j
superficial area of the district, shall
make written objections to the
same within said six months, no fur
ther proceedings shall be taken under
the aforesaid resolution of Intention.
When : h>> work or improvement pro
posed to be done Is the construction of
sewers, manholes, culverts or cess
pools, and the objections thereto are
signed by the owners of a maiority of
the frontage or of the district as afore
said, the Board shall, at its next meet-
Ing, fix a time for hearing said objec
tions, not less than one week there
after. The Secretary shall thereupon
notify the person:: nnking such objec
tions, by depositing a notice thereof in
the Post <>i!i<" at the City and County.
postage prepaid, i;nd addressed to each
objector or hi* agent when he appears
for such objector. At the time speci
fied the Board shall hear the objections
Urged, and pass upon the same, und its
decision shall be Dual and conclusive;
and If said objections are overruled the
pn i codings shall be continued as
though no objections had been made.
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provid
ed, ail owners of lots of i:m<i liable to
assessment therein, who, after the first
publication of the aforesaid resolution
of Intention, may fee! aggrieved, or
wlii) may have objections to any pro
peedlngs in relation to the performance
of the work described in snid resolu
tion, may file with the Secretary a pe
tition of remonstrance, wherein they
sh:'ll state in what resp-'d they feel
"uKKTieved, or the proceedings to which
they object. Such petition or remon
strance shall be passed upon by the
Board, and its decision thereon shall
be final ami conclusive.
Bee 6. When the contemplated work
or Improvement in the opinion <>f the
B6ard of Public Works is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
recommend to the Supervisors that the
expense of such work or Improvement
!>>■ made chargeable upon a district,
and Bald Hoard shall in its res
olution of intention Bet out tin; district
benefited by said work or improvement
and to be assessed to pay the expense
thereof. Objections to the extent and
boundaries of tin- district of lands to
be benefited by said work or improve
ni> lit may In' made by any interested
party, in writing, within ten days af
ter the expiration of the time of pub
lication of the resolution of intention.
the Secretary of the Hoard shall lay
said objections before it and the Board
shall, at its next meeting, fix a time
fur hearing said objections not less
than one week thereafter. The Secre
tary shall thereupon notify the persons
makini; such objections by depositing
a notice thereof in the Post office at the
City and County, postage prepaid, ad
dressed t" each objector. At the time
specified Tin- Hoard shall hear the ob
jections urged and pa^s upon the same,
and if said objections arc overruled, its
decision Bhall be final and conclusive
as to the extent and boundaries of the
district.
If the objections are sustained, the
Board shall proceed to set out another
district to the extent and boundaries
of Which objections may be made and
a hearing had thereon as above pro
vided; and s.i on in like manner until
a district has been set out to the ex
tent and boundaries of which all ob
ji'c tions shall be overruled by the Board
— its decision in that behalf to be final
and conclusive; and thereupon the pro
ceedlngs shall continue the same as if
no objections had been made. In its
report to the Supervisors the Board
shall accompany its report with a dia
gram on which shall be delineated each
separate lot, piece or ■parcel of land.
the area in square feet of each of such
lots, pieces or parcels of land, and th«
relative locution of the same to th«
work or improvement proposed to be
done within the limits of the district.
Such diagram shall be certified to be
correct by the Secretary of the Board.
•■■•. 6. When the work under any
contract shall have been completed, the
contractor shall make and file in the
office of the Board of Public Works,
an affidavit to the effect that he ha«»
.not entered into any private agree
ment, verbal or written, with any per
son liable to be assessed for said work,
or with any one on his behalf, to ac
cept a price from him less than the
price named in said contract, or to
make any rebate or deduction to him
from such price. Any such agreement
shall be deemed a fraud upon all per
sons liable to be assessed for such
work other than the property owners
who were parties to the agreement, and
shall make void, as to such persons bo
defrauded, any assessment made for
the work done under such contract: and
where there is more than one contractor
each contractor shall make such affi
davit. ■-.>
Sec, 7. When any work in or upon
any public stre<t shall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the
affidavit mentioned in the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
Board shall make an assessment to
. \• r the sum due for the work per
formed and specified in said contract
(including all incidental expenses), in
conformity with the provisions of this
Article, according to the nature and
character of the work. The assessment
shall briefly refer to the contract, the
work contracted for and performed,
and shall show the amount to be paid
therefor, together with any incidental
expenses, the rate per front foot as
sessed, the amount of each assessment,
the name of the owner of each lot (if
known to the Board, and if not known.
the word "unknown" shall be written
opposite the number of the lot and the
amount assessed thereon): the number
iif ench lot assessed, and shall have at
taohed thereto a diagTam exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
th.' work has been" done, and showing
the relative location of each distinct
lot to the work done, numbered to cor
respond with the numbers in the as
sessment, and showing the number i t
front feet assessed for said work. A
mistake in the name of the owner shall
not invalidate any assessment.
When the expense of such work falls
in part upon any person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
upon the street where such work has
been done, said assessment shall in
clude an assessment against said per
son, company or corporation, for its
legal proportion of said expense, and
the same shall constitute a lien upon
the road-bed, rolling stock, franchisee
and other property of such person.
company or corporation, for a period
of two years from the date of record
ing the warrant, assessment and dia
gram hereinafter provided for.
Fee. B. The expense of all work or
Improvement done upon any part of
Bald streets, lanes, alleys, pfau ea or
courts, under the order of the Super
visors, shall be borne and paid for as
follows:
First.— The City and County shall pay
out of the General Fund the expense:
a. <>f all work done on streets, eross
intfS and intersections of streets that
have been or may be accepted by the
City and County, after the acceptance
of the same, and all repairs and im
provements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
streets and highways.
b. Of ail work done in front of, or
that may be assessed tcs property
owned by the City and County or by
any department thereof.
c. Of all work done in front' of, or
that may be assessed to, property
; owned by the United States.
Second.— The expense of all sewers,
cesspools, manholes, culverts and
drains, and of all grading, planking,
macadamizing, paving, piling and cap
ping any street, or portion thereof, and
of all curbs thereon, and of all work
done on sidewalks, shall be assessed
Upon the lands within the block or
| blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro
vided, except where by mi assessment
district it may be provided otherwise.'
Third.— The expense of all work on
I such portion of any street required by
; law to be kept In order by any person,
i company, or corporation, having rail
road tracks thereon, shall be borne and
paid for by such person, company or
corporation, and shall be included in
! the assessment hereinbefore provided
' for.
No assessment shall be levied upon
any property, which, together with all
assessments for street improvements
that may have been levied ' upon the
1 same property during the year next
' preceding, will amount to a sum great
er than lifty per centum of the value
at which said property was assessed
upon the last preceding Assessment
i Book of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Subdivision One — Except
where the expense incurred for the
i street work and improvement author
ized herein is to be assessed upon a
district as hereinafter provided, such
expense, other than that to be paid
by a person, company or corporation
having tracks on the street where such
work and improvement has been done,
shall be assessed upon the lots and
lands fronting thereon, except as here
inafter specifically provided; each lot
or portion of a lot being separately as
sessed in proportion to the frontage at
a rate per front foot sufficient to cover
the total expense of the work.
Subdivision Two— expense of all
Improvement except such as is done by
contractors under the provisions of sec
tion sixteen of this Chapter, until the
streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
alleys, places, or courts are finally ac
cepted, as provided in section twenty
three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
upon the lots and lands as provided in
this section according to the nature
and character of the work.
Subdivision Three—The expense of
the work done on main street cross
ings shall be assessed at a uniform
rate per front foot on the quarter
blocks and Irregular blocks adjoining
and cornering upon the crossings, and
separately upon the whole of each lot
or portion of a lot having any front
age in the said blocks fronting on said
main streets, half way to the next main
street crossing, and all the way on
said blocks to a boundary line of the
City where no such crossing intervenes.
but only according to its frontage in
sail quarter blocks and irregular
blocks.
■ Subdivision Four— Where a main
street terminates in another main
street, the expense of the work done
on one-half of the width of the street
opposite the termination shall be as
sessed upon the lots in each of the two
quarter blocks adjoining and corner
ing on the same, according to the front
age of such lots on said main street,
and the expense of the other half of the
width of said street upon the lot or lots
fronting on the latter half of the street
at such termination.
Subdivision Five Whore any alley
or subdivision street crosses a main
street, the expense of all work done on
said crossing shall be assessed on all
lots or portions of lots half way on said
alley or subdivision street to the next
crossing or intersection, or to the end
of such alley or subdivision street if it
does not meet another.
Subdivision Six— expense of work
done on alley or subdivision street
crossings shall be assessed upon the
lots fronting upon such alley or subdi
vision streets on each side thereof, in
all directions, half way to the next
street, place, or court, on either side,
respectively, or to the end of such al
ley or subdivision street, if it does not
meet another.
Subdivision Seven— a subdivis
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
court, terminates in another street,
1 avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
expense of the work done on one-half
the width of the subdivision street,
avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
the termination, shall be assessed upon
the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
place, or court so terminating, accord
ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
on each side, respectively, to the next
street, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
place, or the end of such street, avenue,
lane, alley, place, or court, if it does
not meet another, and the other one
half of the width upon the lots fronting
such termination.
Subdivision Eight— any work
mentioned in this Chapter, manholes,
Cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
and capping exempted, is done on either
' or both sides of the center line of any
! street for one block or less, and fur
ther work opposite to the work of the
same class already done is ordered to
be done to complete the unimproved
i portion of said street, the assessment
: to cover the total expense of said work
! so ordered shall be made upon the lots
or portions of the lots only fronting the
, portions of the work so ordered. .When
> sewering or resewering is ordered to
' be done under the sidewalk or only on
one side of a street for any length
t thereof, the assessment for its expense
shall be made only upon the lots and
lands fronting nearest upon that side,
I and for intervening intersections only
upon the two quarter blocks adjoining
and cornering upon that side. -
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or
owners of lots or lands fronting upon
any street, the width and grade of
which have been established by the
Supervisors,- may perform at his or
their own expense (after obtaining per
mission from the Board of Public Works
; so to do, but before said Board has
passed its resolution of Intention to
recommend grading inclusive of this)
any grading upon said street, to its
full width, or to the centre line thereof,
and to its grade as then established,
and thereupon may \ procure, at his or
' their own expense, a certificate from
the City Engineer setting forth the
number of cubic yards of cutting and
filling made by him or them In said
grading, and the proportions performed
by each owner, and that the same is
done to the established width and grade
; of said street, or .to the centre line
i thereof, and thereafter may file said
; certificate in the office of the Board.
! Said certificate shall be recorded in a
i properly indexed book kept for that
purpose in the office of the Board.
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
; order the grading of said street, or any
I portion thereof, on which any grading
j certified as aforesaid has been done,
; the bids and contract must express the
price by the cubic yard for cutting and
i filling. in grading, and such owner ; or
I owners, and his or their successors in
I interest, shall be entitled tocredltonthe
assessment upon his or their lots and
lands fronting* on; said street for grad
ing thereof, to the amount ! of the "cu
bic yards of cutting and filling v set
forth in his or their said certificate,' at
the prices named in the , contract ■■ for
Bald cutting and filling: or, if the grade
meanwhile has been legally R changed,
only for so much of said certified work
as would be required for grading to the
grade as changed. Such owner or
owners shall, not ; : be entitled to any
credit that may be in excess, of the as
sessments for ' grading upon the \ lots
and land owned by him or them, 'and
proportionately assessed for the .whole
of said grading. The Board shall in
clude in , the assessment for the whole
of said grading upon the same grade
the number of cubic yards of cutting
and filling set forth in any.and all cer
tificates so recorded in his office,' or for
the whole of ; ; said grading to ; the
changed grade so ■ much of ; said ■ certi
fied work as ; would ;be ''J. required >, for
grading i^ereto^jajod^jliall jaJiejcjMrj^
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
sponding credits, deducting the same
as payments upon the amounts assessed
against the lots and lands owned re
spectively by said certified owners and
their successors in Interest; but he
shall not include any grading quanti
ties or credit any sums in excess of the
proportionate assessments for the
whole of the grading which are made
upon any lots and lands fronting upon
Bald street and belonging to any such
certified owners or their successors in
Interest. When any owner or owners
of any lots and lands fronting on any
street shall have, heretofore done, or
shall hereafter do any work, except
grading, on such street, In front of any
block, at his or their own expense, and
the Supervisors shall subsequently or
der any work to be done of the same
class In front of the same block, the
work so done at the expense of such
owner or owners shall be excepted
from the order ordering work to be
done, as provided In subdivision ten of
this section; but the work so done at
the expense of such owner or owners
shall be upon the official grade, and in
condition satisfactory to the Board of
Public Works at the time said order Is
passed.
Subdivision Ten — The Board of Pub
lic Works may include in the resolu
tion of intention any of the different
kinds of work mentioned in this' Cha
pter, and it may except therefrom any
of said work already done upon .the
street to the official grade. The lots
and portions of lots fronting upon said
accepted work already done shall not
be included in the frontage assessment
for the class of work from which the
exception is made; but this shall not
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions as to grading contained in
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision Eleven — When the reso
lution of intention declares that the
expense of the work and improvement
is to be assessed upon a district, im
mediately after the contractor has ful
filled his contract to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works, or to
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on
appeal, the Board of Public Works
shall proceed to estimate upon the
lands, lots, or portions of lots within
said assessment district, as shown by
the diagram provided for in section five
of this Chapter, the benefits arising
from such work, and to be received
by each such lot, portion of such lot,
piece or subdivision of land, and
shall thereupon assess upon and
against said lands in said assessment
district the total amount of the ex
pense of such proposed work, and in
so doing shall assess said total sum
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots,
or portions of lots, and subdivisions of
land in said district benefited thereby,
to wit: Upon each respectively in
proportion to the estimated benefits
to be received by each of said several
lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided in this Chapter.
Sec. 10. If at any time there shaJl be
any street work or improvement done,
and none of the methods hereinbefore
provided are legally sufficient to au
thorize the Board of Public Works to
make an assessment to pay for the ex
pense thereof, then said Board shall,
before it passes a resolution of its in
tention to recommend the ordering of
said work or improvement, establish
by resolution a method by means of
which such assessment shall be made;
and on the completion of the work or
improvement to the satisfaction of said
Board, or to the satisfaction of the
Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall
make an assessment to pay the ex
pense thereof according to the method
established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making all assessments
the Board of Public Works shall act
as a Board, and the assessment shall
be authenticated by the signatures of
all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To said assessment shall be
attached a warrant which shall be
signed by the President of the Board
of Public Works and countersigned by
the Secretary thereof. Said warrant
shall be substantially in the following
form :
By virtue hereof the Board of Pub
lic Works of the City and County of
San Francisco, by the authority vested
in it, does authorize and empower
(name of contractor) (his or their)
agents, or assigns, to demand and re
ceive the several assessments upon the
assessment .and diagram hereto at
tached, and this shall be (his or their)
warrant for the same.
(Date) . (Name of President of
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre
tary of Board of Public Works.) . :
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram shall be recorded in the office of
the Board. When so recorded the sev
eral amounts assessed shall be a lien
upon the lands, lots, or portions of lots
assessed, respectively for the period or
two years from the date of said record
ing, unless sooner discharged; and
from and after the date of said.record
ing of any warrant, assessment and
diagram, all persons interested in said
Ksment shall .be deemed to have no
tice <■■■£ the contents of the record
thoteof. , . 4^'- v
After said warrant, assessment and
diagram are recorded, the same shall
he delivered to the contractor, or his
agent or assigns, on demand, but not
until after the payment to the Board
of the incidental expenses not previ
ously paid by the contractor or his as
signs. By virtue of said warrant said
contractor, or his .agents or assigns,
shall be authorized to demand and re
ceive the amount of the several assess
ments made to cover the sum doe for
the work specified in such contracts
and assessments.
When it shall appear by the . final
judgment of any court in thj« State
having jurisdiction to render such judg
ment, that any suit brought to foreclose
the lien of any assessment for j street
work made under this Chapter, or in
the recording thereof, has been defeated
by reason of any defect, error, infor
mality, omission, irregularity, or il!e
ga'ity, thereof or therein, or in the re
turn on the warrant issued pursuant to
any such assessment, or in the record
ing of «ny such warrant, any person in
terested therein may, at any time with
in seven months after the entry of said
final judgment, apply to the Board , for
aro'.her assessment to be issued in con
formity to law; and the Board- shall,
within sixty days after the time ■■ of
said application, make and deliver to
said applicant a new assessin?'it, dia
gram and warrant .in accordance with
law, and sign, record and : authenticate
the I same as ' above provided. Such as-;
sessment shall be a lien upon the lots
of land set out therein for the period of
two years from the date of its record
ing, and suit may be brought to enforce
said lien- as provided in this Chapter.
Should such final judgment be that .of
the = Superior Court for the City and
County and an appeal ; therefrom to the
Supreme . Court of the State has been
taken,* no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de
termined. -'.-?
", Sec. 13. The contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his. or their
behalf, shall call upon the persons as
sessed, or their agents, , If . they can con
veniently be found, and demand pay
ment |of the amount \ assessed to . each.
If any : payment be made, the contrac
tor, his assigns, or some person son his
or their j behalf, ■ shall ; receipt : the ; same
upon ; the '(. assessment ■ in • the presence
of the person making such' payment,
and shall also Rive a receipt if demand
ed. - When ' the persons ; so assessed, or
their - agents,' cannot conveniently ■■ be
found or : when ; the owner of the lot \ is
stated as "unknown" ; upon the assess
ment, ; then • said - contractor or j" his "- as
signs, or some person on his or their
•behalf, shall publicly i demand payment
on the premises assessed.
' The warrant shall \be returned to the
Board of ? Public Works , within 'I thirty
.days after its date with a return indors
ed thereon, signed \by the contractor or
his assigns, or; some -person on his or
their, behalf, verified upon oath, stat
ing the nature and character of the de
mand, and whether ■ any jof I the assess
jfteui? ivamm unpaid, in .whole *„ or l in
( part, and the amount thereof. There
i upon the Secretary of the Board shall
record the return so made in the mar
' gin of the record of the warrant anil
| assessment.
j The Board can at any time receive
! the amount due upon any assessment
and Warrant issued by it and give a
i good and sufficient discharge therefor;
■ but no Buch payment so made after
i suit has been commenced shall operate,
, without the consent of the plaintiff in
| the action, as a complete discharge of
I the lien until the costs in the action
: shall be refunded to the plaintiff. .
The Board may release any assesa
i ment upon the books of its office on
the payment to It of the amount of the
: assessment with interest against any
lot or on the production to it of the
, receipt of the party or his assigns to
! whom the assessment and warrant
. were issued. If any contractor shall
I fail to return his warrant within the
I time and In the form provided in this
section he shall thenceforth have no
Hen upon the property assessed; but if
! any warrant is lost, upon proof of such
j loss a duplicate may be issued, upon
which a return may be made with the
! same effect as if the original had been
so returned. After the return of the
assessment and warrant as aforesaid,
i all amounts remaining due thereon
| shall draw interest at the rate of seven
■ per centum per annum until paid.
Sec. 14. The owners, whether named
j In the assessment or not, the contrac
j tor or his assigns, and all other per
! eons directly interested in any work
i provided for In this Chapter, or in the
1 assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
! act or determination of the JBoard of
1 Public Works in relation thereto, or
I who claim that the work has not been
performed according to the contract in
a good and substantial manner, or
having or making any objection to the
correctness or legality of the assess
; ment or other act, determination, or
j proceedings of the Board, shall, within
thirty days after the. date of the war
i rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
j briefly stating their objections in writ
ing and filing the same with the Clerk
!of the Supervisors. Notice of the time
: and place of the hearing, briefly re
ferring to the work contracted to be
, done, or other subject of appeal, and
; to the acts, determinations or proceed
i ings objected to or complained of, shall
be published for five days. Upon such
; appeal the Supervisors may remedy
I and correct any error or informality
in the proceedings, and revise and cor
j rect any of the acts or determinations
I of the Board relative to said work.
j may confirm, amend, set aside, alter.
modify or correct the assessment in ]
1 such manner as to them shall seem
just; and require the work to be com
' pleted according to the directions of i
j the Supervisors, and may at their op
tion direct the Board of Public Works
to correct the warrant, assessment or
diagram In any particular, or to make
and issue a new warrant, assessment
i and diagram to conform to the dcci- i
' sions of the Supervisors In relation :
; thereto.
All the decisions and determinations
of the Supervisors, upon notice and
: hearing as aforesaid, shall be final and
I conclusive upon all persons entitled to
appeal under the provisions of this
section, as to all errors, informalities
and irregularities, which the Supervis-
I ors might have remedied and avoided;
' and no assessment shall be held in
' valid, except upon appeal to the Su
pervisors, as provided in this section,
for any error, informality or other
defect in the proceedings prior to the
assessment, or In the assessment It
self, where the Board of Public Works
has acquired jurisdiction to make the
same.
Sec. 15. At any time after the period
of thirty-five days from the day of the
date of the warrant, or if an appeal
has been taken to the Supervisors, then,
at any time after five days from the
decision of the Supervisors on such ap
peal, or after the return on the war
i rant, after the same may have been
| corrected, altered or modified, as here
in provided, but not less than within
thirty-five days from the date of the
warrant, the contractor or his assignee
may sue in his own name the owner or
I the mortgagee of the land, lots, or por
i tions of lots assessed on the day of
! the date of the recording of the war
r&nt, assessment and diagram, or any
' day thereafter during the continuance
j of the li^n of said assessment, and re
! cover the amount of any assessment
• remaining unpaid, with interest tnerp-
I on at the rate of seven per centum per
! annum until paid.
In all cases of recovery under the
! provisions of this Chapter the plain
tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol
lars in addition to the taxable costs,
as attorney's fees, but not any percent
age upon said recovery. When suit has
been brought, after a personal demand
has been made and a refusal to pay
such assessment so demanded, the
plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
as attorney's fees in addition to all tax
able costs, notwithstanding that the
suit may be settled or a tender be
i made before a recovery In said action,
! and he may have judgment therefor.
Said warrnnt, assessment and dia
gram, with the affidavit of demand and
; non-payment, shall be held prima facie
■ evidence of thf> regularity and correct
; ness of the assessment and of the prior
proceedings and acts of the Board of
Public Works and of the Supervisors
; upon which said warrant, assessment
and diagram are based, and like evidence
i of the right of the plaintiff to recover In
the action. The Court In which said suit
shall be commenced shall have power
I to adjudge and decree a lien against
the lots of land assessed, and to order
i such premises to be sold on execution
as in other cases of the sale of real
i estate by the prodlss of said Courts.
: In all actions brought to enforce the
lien of assessments made pursuant to
the provisions of this Chapter the pro
| ceedings therein shall be governed and
: regulated by the provisions of this
i Chapter, and. when not In conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State.
Sec. 16. When any portion of th»
roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al
i ley, court or place, or any portion of
any sidewalk, in the City and County.
' none of which has been accepted by the
; Supervisors as in this Chapter provided,
' shall be so out of repair as to endanger
• persons or property passing thereon, or
! so as to interfere with the public con
venience in the use thereof, the Board
of Public Works shall require the own
l ers or occupants of lots or portions of
: lots fronting on said portion of said
I street, avenue, alley, lane, court or
j place, by a notice in writing, to be de
• livered to them or their agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por-
I tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
I court or place, to the center line there
! of, in front of the property of which
he is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
i The Board shall particularly specify
i in said notice what work is required to
' be done and what material shall be
used in said repairs. If said repairs be
not begun within five days aftor notice
; given as aforesaid, and diligently and
without interruption prosecuted to
| completion, the Board may make such
j repairs, or enter into a contract with
any suitable person, at the expense of
; the owner, tenant, or occupant, after
i the specifications for the doing of said
; work shall have been conspicuously
1 posted by it in its office for three days,
1 inviting bids for the doing of gaid work.
Said bids shall be delivered to it at its
office on or before the second day after
; the completion of said posting and
j opened by it on the next day follow
i ing; whereupon the contract shall be
awarded to the lowest responsible bid
der.
All of said bids shall he preserved in
i the office of the Board, and shall bf»
i open at all times after "the letting of
j the contract to the inspection of all
i persons: and such owner, tenant, or oc
i cupant. shall be liable to pay said con
! tract price. Such work shall be co-m
| menced within twenty-four hours af
j ter the contract shall have been signed,
i and completed without delay to the sat
isfaction of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
of the Board, it shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable and just, and .that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
In the last preceding section be notpaid
on demand to the contractor so cm
i ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, shall have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
I be paid: and the certificate provided
I for in said section shall be prima facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
right of the contractor to recover for
the same In such action. Said certifi
cate shall be recorded by the Board of
Public Works in a book kept by it in
the office for that purpose, properly In
dexed, and the sum contracted to be
paid shall be a lien as in case of other
assessments provided for in this chap
ter.
Sec. 18. In addition to the remedies
above given the Supervisors may pre
scribe the penalties that shall be In
curred ■. by any owner or person ne
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty shall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution In the name of
the People of the State of California
in the Court having Jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for.
Sec 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
in the County Recorder's office of the
City and County, to have the legal title
to the land, or the person in possession
of lands, lots, portion of lots or build
ings under claim, or exercising acts of
ownership over the same for himself,
or as executor, administrator or guar
dian of the owner, shall be regarded,
treated and deemed to be the "owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
And in case of property leased, the
possession of the tenant or lessee hold
ing and occupying under such persons
shall be deemed to be the possession of
such owner.
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
lot of land on which has been imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
or he may discharge any liability im
posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
by law, if legally sold on execution, and
may deduct the amount so paid from
the rents due and to become due from
him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
may retain posse-sion of, said lots un
til the amount so paid and advanced,
with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
from accruing rents or by payment by
the owner.
Sec. 21. The records kept by the
Board of Public Works shall have the
same force and effect as other public
records, and duly certified copies
therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
Said records shall, during all office
hours, be open, free of charge, to the
inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices In writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
one years, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
son making it. Such oath may be
taken before the Secretary of said
Board or b fore any member thereof.
Sec. 23. When any street or portion
of a street has been or shall hereafter
be fully constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works and of
the Supervisors, and is in good condi
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
and water pipes are properly laid
therein, the same shall bo accepted hv
the Supervisors by ordinance; and
thereafter such street or portion of a
street shall be kept in repair and im
proved by the City and County. The
Supervisors shall not accept any por
tion of a "street less than the entire
width of the roadway including the
curbing, and one block in length, orone
entire crossing; but they may partly
or conditionally accept any street.wlth
out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be
then unnecessary. In such case the lots
of. land previously or at any time as
sessable for the cost of constructing a
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re
pairs and restoration of the street
damaged in said construction, when
ever the Supervisors shall deem a
sewer to be necessary and shall order
it to be constructed. The Board of
Public Works shall keep in its office a
register of all streets accepted by the
Supervisors under this section, which
register shall be indexed for easy ref
erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public Works
may at any time, without any applica
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving or mac
adamizing of the portion of any street
required by law to be paved or mac
adamized by the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation
the Supervisors shall by ordinance or
der said work to be done and direct said
Board to notify said person, company,
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall
thereupon forthwith in writing notify
said person, company or corporation'
of the passage of said ordinance; and
if said person, company or corpora
tion shall not within ten days after re
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall invite sealed proposals for
doing said work in the manner provid
ed in this Article; and all the provis
ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price for
the expense of said work, together
with incidental expenses, in an action
instituted in a Court of competent Ju
risdiction. On the trial of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to its satisfaction
shall be prima facie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re
cover in said action.
Sec. 25. Except as otherwise in this
Chapter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for in the next preceding sec
tion, shall be passed by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. Wherever in this Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to
include all streets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to public
use, and whose grade and width have
been legally established; and the grade
of all intermediate or intersecting
streets in any one block shall be deemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word "improvement" shall be
held to include grading, paving, plank
ing, macadamizing, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
drains, sidewalks and curbs.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall in-
elude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of tlie As
sessor.
The term "quarter block," as used in
this Chapter as to Irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either intersecting street half way
from such intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall Include any
pavement of stone, iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
ent shall have transferred to the City
and County all right to the use of the
same therein, with the privilege to any
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under any con
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall include the
price at which tlie contract was award
ed, and the term "incidental expenses"
shall include all expenses incurred in
printing and advertising the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur
veying, measuring and inspecting the
work.
All notices and resolutions, required
in this Article to be published shall be
published daily, legal holidays except
ed, in the official newspaper.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required in
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet in width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published in the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and place at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing it shall determine whether
it will recommend that the street be
closed; and if it shall so determine, it
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the
street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be, or be deemed to be. a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or improvement; and the land
theretofore included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands In
the City and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out into blocks or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
when new streets or public grounds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for its approval, and if the Board ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, indorsement
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually In
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as in its
judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
in May of each year, cause to be pub
lished for a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said distiicts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter
ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in
vites proposals for said cleaning &nd
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately* and
for said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give the preference to
handsweeping so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping
of the streets and to the funds at its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to time
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board; but when the
expense of the repairs upon any street
or portion of a 1a 1 street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded in the
manner provided in this Article
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to time, after it shall have been direct
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of
the public streets or for any improve
ment thereof, and such proceedings
shall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
all supplies, material, implements and
machines belonging to the City and
County, tobeused in repairing or clean
ing and sprinkling the streets, or for
any improvement thereon. The Board
of Public Works shall appoint a Store
keeper for said Yard, who shall
hold his office during its pleas
ure. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plies, material and implements therein,
and shall keep books of account in
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re
ceipt of sunnlies and material under
any contracts awarded under the pro
visions of the preceding section and of
the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all times show the amount of aald
materiar and supplies on hand and in
store, ; and when, to t whom and for
what purpose each article was de iver
| cd. He shall be responsible for all ma
terial and supplies in said ■ .Yard,
I shall not deliver any * rticl ? ni ?*s*„
upon the written order or . requisition
of the President and Secretary of the
Board of Public Works, and he shall
I take the written receipt, indors ed upon
said order, of each person _ to whom
any delivery is made, specifying .the
date of such delivery and the amount
and kind of material and supplies de
livered. 'For any deficiency in his ac
counts, or for the delivery of any ar
ticle without such order or requisition
and receipt, he shall be liable upon ,W3
official bond. All cobblestones, or stone
blocks or other material with whicn
any street or portion of a street may
have been paved or planked shall. « ax
any time removed from said street,
be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
accounted for arid disposed of by the
Storekeeper in the same manner as
other supplies. ; ' •', ,
' CHAPTEB 111.
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
y . Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
j shall be made to the Board of Public
| Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening of
; a new street, signed by the
| owners of a majority of the
I frontage of the lands upon the line
I of said street, or proposed street, and
j such improvement requires the con-
S demnation of private property, and the
Board shall by resolution determine
that the improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it shall make an estimate
of the expense of such improvement,
i and determine by resolution the district
! which will be affected by, and should
| be assessed for, the expense of such im
i provement. No proceedings shall be
had upon the filing of such petition un
til after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pass an
ordinance for said improvement.
1 Sec. 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of the
owners of the land within said district
who shall also be the owners of two
thirds of the superficial square feet of
I the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value of
said property — including improvements
I thereon — estimating said value accord
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said
improvement, verified by their oaths
and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing the
j amount at which the same was as
t sessed upon the last preceding Assess
i ment Book of the City and County, and
I stating that they are the owners and
' in possession of the lands named in said
i petition, the Board shall pass a reso
lution of its intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
j and shall in such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such im
provement.
Before passing such resolution of ln
| tention. the Board shall cause to be
; prepared a map or diagram of the dis
trict affected by and to be assessed for
i the expense of such improvement, upon
| which shall be delineated the several
I lots of land upon which said assess
| ment is to be levied, and also the lots
i of land which are to be taken for such
! improvement, and showing the name of
the person to whom the said lots were
! assessed upon the last Assessment Book
of the City and County, together with
j the amounts of such assessments.
Sec. 3. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolution
of Intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at the
City and County, addressed to each
person whose name is delineated upon
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objections
thereto.
Sec. 4. At any time before the day
fixed in such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
Secretary of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating the grounds
thereof and the nature of his interest;
and upqn the day fixed for hearing the
same, or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be postponed,
the Board shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufficiency of any objec
tions which may have been filed.
Sec. 5. If the Board shall determine
that such objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of the im
provement, it shalrpass a resolution to
that effect, and no further proceedings
shall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or if the
Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, it may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in its
recommendation shall specially report
to the Supervisors whether in its opin
ion the. land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said improvement, and any
objections that may have been filed,
and the Supervisors shall at their first
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon said
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation is rejected no further
action shall be had thereon or upon
said petition. If the Superjptaora shall
adopt said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance providing for said improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting the
assessment and valuation t<> be made
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and ths
collection of said assessment, in addi
tion to. and not inconsistent with, the
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Clerk
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Public
Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the
Board of a certifiec l copy of said ordi
nance the Board lall cause to be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, . upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the intended improvement, showing
its extent in feet and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district determined to be affected by.
and which is to be assessed for, the
cost and expense of said Improvement
After said survey and map are made,
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the in
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public use, as
herein provided, the measure of "dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said appropriation between the value of said lot In its en- !
tirety and its value as reduced in size \
by the appropriation of a part thereof i
to said public use. The expense of the !
Improvement shall include the value ;
of the land taken, with the improve- ;
ments, if any, thereon, and the expense
of the proceedings for its appropriation !
or condemnation.
• Sec. 8. On "the day named in said
notice and upon such other days as the
matter may be continued to, from time •
to time, the Board shall proceed to ,
value the several parcels of land nee- I
essary to be taken for the purpose of
the intended improvement. Such value
shall be ascertained as of the time of I
said inquiry, independently of any ap
preciation or depreciation that may be
caused to the same by reason of such
Intended improvement, and the Board
shall fix such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners there Cor.
The Board shall also assess the bene
fits and damages which may result
from the contemplated improvement
of the lands within said district, and
shall distribute the total value of all
the lands and improvements taken, to- ,
gether with the damages, if any,
caused by said improvement- to the ad- j
jacent lands, and the estimated cost
and expense of said improvement, in
the form of an assessment upon each I
and every lot of land within the dis- j
trict determined to be affected by said :
improvement In proportion to the ben
efltS which the Board shall determine
will be received by said lots and landc:.
Sec. 9. The meetings of the Board,
when engaged in making said valua
tion and assessment, shall be public
and held at the office of the Board, and
all persons interested in such valua
tion and assessment shall have the
right to' be present and be heard in
person or by counsel. All persons
claiming any Interest in the lands to
bo taken for said improvement, or .that
will be damaged thereby, are required |
at or during such hearing, to file with
the Board, plats, and a description of
their respective lots of land.
Sec. 10. In making said assessment
and valuation the Commissioners shall
net as a Board, and said assessment
and valuation shall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission
ers, and every assessment- and valua
tion so authenticated and recorded in;
the Book of Assessments for Condem
nation shall be prima facie evidence
of the correctness and regularity of all
the proceedings of said Board and of
the Supervisors prior to the date of
such record.
Sec. 11. In determining the valuation
of the property which is taken for said
improvement the Board shall in its re
port set forth, under appropriate head- |
ings,' a brief description of each lot
thereof, the amount allowed for the
same, the name of the owner of each
lot, when known (and if unknown, that
fact shall be stated), and the name of
any claimant thereto, or to any inter- ,
est therein; and in making the assess
ment for the expense of said improve
ment the Board shall set forth in the
assessment, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
assessed, the amount assessed against
the same, the person to whom said |
property was assessed upon the next
preceding Assessment Book of the City
and County, the owner thereof, if
known (and if unknown, that fact shall
be stated), and the total amount of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 12. Upon the completion of said
valuation and assessment, the Board
shall cause to be published for ten days
a notice of the completion of said as- j
sessment and valuation, notifying all j
parties therein to examine the same;
and for that purpose said assessment,
valuation and map shall be opened
and exhibited to public inspection at
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no
tice. During said period of thirty
days, but not thereafter, the Board
may alter, change or modify said as- '
sessment. Upon the expiration of said
thirty clays it shall complete the same
in the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken j
and the assessment of said value, to
gether with the expense of the' im
provement, as hereinbefore provided,
upon the several lots of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re
port and schedule shall, within sixty
days after the first publication of the
last mentioned notice, be filed in the
■ office of the County Clerk, together
with a petition signed by the President
Of said Board, to the Superior Court,
praying for a judgment of said Court
confirming the assessment contained
therein against the respective lots
• therein described as assessed, and for
the condemnation and conveyance to
the City and County, upon the payment
of the \\Jue thereof as ascertained by
Bald report, of each of the lots of land
alleged in said petition to be necessary
.to be taken for said improvement.
.Sec. 13. On filing such petition, and |
upon application to said Court, the
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint
some day, not less than ten nor more '
than thirty days thereafter, as the
time when any objections to the con- i
firmation of said report will be heard |
by said Court. The Clerk of said Court
shall thereupon cause to be published :
for ten days in the official newspaper, i
a notice of the filing of said report and
of the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there- i
to. Any party interested therein may 1
at any time before the day assigned for i
the hearing thereof file in said Court
his objections in writing to the confirm
ation of the same, specifying his objec
tions: and all objections not specified
shall be deemed waived. Upon the day
fixed in said order said Court shall pro
ceed tO the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation of said report. Upon proof of
publication' of said notice said Court
shall have and take jurisdiction of said
report and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding; and
upon said day and at any other time
or times to which said hearing may be
adjourned may hear the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup
port of the same, anil may confirm said
report, or change, alter or modify the
same, or cause the same to be changed,
altered or modified by said Board. Said
Judgment of confirmation shall be a
lien upon each lot of land described in
said report for the amount assessed
against the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City and County
nf each and every of the lots of land
declared necessary for the purpose of
said improvement, upon the payment of
the value thereof as fixed by . such
juilrrmrnt. f«»ild lien shall remain in
force until said assessment Is paid or
lee-nlly discharged.
, Pro. 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of. said
report may appeal from said judgment
to th" SupromeCourt at any timewith
in thirty days after the entry of such
judgment. The amount of the under
[taking on such appeal shall be fixed by
Bald Presiding Judge, and such under
taking Fhall be made payable to the
City and County. For the purposes of
such appeal tho Judgment roll of the
prooofdlngs'in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections, judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to deter
mine paid appeal. If- said judgment be
reversed or modified the Superior Court
shall take such proceedings as will
cause "said assessment and valuation
to be made in accordance with the de
cision of the Supreme Court. The City
Attorney shall act as the attorney for i
the Board of Public Works in proceed
ings under this Chapter.
Sec. 15. After the confirmation of !
said report, if the time for appealing
has expired, or if an appeal has been
taken and the Judgment appealed from
has been affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
nf the Superior Court shall issue a cer
tificate to that effect ' to said Board;
and said assessment shall then be re
corded In the Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
and the record thereof signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
The Secretary shall then deliver to the
Tax Collector the assessment so con
'••mod nd recorded, together with said
certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant i
to the Tax Collector directing him to
collect the said assessment. The Tax |
Collector shall, if any part of said as
sessment is not paid within twenty
days after said assessment, certificate
and warrant shall have been delivered
to him, give notice in the official news
paper by ten days' publication therein
that he will, on a day and time certain,
to be not more than ten days after the .
expiration of said publication, sell such I
of the lots of land on which the assess
ment thereon remains unpaid, describ*
ing each of paid lots so delinquent, to
gether with the amount of the assess- j
ment and costs due on each, and shall |
include as part of said costs five per j
centum on the amount due on each as- I
sessment so delinquent, as and for the |
expenses of said sale. He shall there
upon sell such lots pursuant to such j
notice. Redemption may be made from j
such sale within the time and in the
manner and on the terms as on sales ;
made under execution as provided in j
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State. If any amount remain j
in the hands of the Tax Collector!
as a result of the collection of said as
sessment beyond that necessary to 1
make the compensation provided for in
the next succeeding section, and to pay
the necessary expenist-a of said sale, j
such surplus shall be paid by him pro- ,
portionately to those whose land has |
been sold as aforesaid.
Sec. 16. Upon the report of the Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that the
amount of said assessment has been
collected and paid into the treasury,
the Supervisors shall order to be paid j
out of the treasury the sums fixed in i
said judgment as the compensation for
the lands to be taken for said improve- j
ment; and upon the delivery to the \
Treasurer by any person entitled to re- j
: ceive compensation for any lot of land >
! so taken, of a conveyance of said lot
of land to the City and County, ap
proved by the City Attorney, and a i
cert ilk ate from the City Attorney that ;
such person is entitled to the compen- I
sation for the lands described in said
conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to j
said person the amount awarded for ;
said tot by said judgment of condemna- !
tion, after the demand therefor has i
been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said
lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
for ten days to make and deliver such i
conveyance, or be unable by reason of i
incapacity to make a good and suffi
cient conveyance thereof to the City
and County, or if the City Attorney
shall certify that the title to any of
said lots is in dispute or uncertain, or ;
that there are conflicting claimants to j
the amount awarded as compensation '
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war- j
rant upon the treasury for the payment
of the amount so awarded shall be by j
order of the Supervisors drawn by th« !
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer-'
tificate of the Treasurer indorsed
thereon that the said warrant has been
registered by him and that there ars
funds in the treasury set apart to pay ,
the same, shall be deposited with the i
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a. I
petition to said presiding Judge by the '
President of thesaid Board, settingforth
said facts, said Judge shall issue an
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to
place said Board in the possession of ;
said land.
Sec. 18. At any time thereafter any
claimant to said award, or any part
thereof, may file his petition in said
Superior Court against all parties in j
interest for an adjudication of. all con
flicting claims to the same, or for an
order that the same be paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall
be had thereon as may be agreeable !
to law and equity. Upon entry of final
judgment in such proceeding, the :
County Clerk shall, after said demand i
has been audited by the Auditor, col- |
l> j et the warrant and pay the proceeds :
to the person or persons named in said
Judgment as entitled thereto. It shall
be provided in said judgment that be- ;
fore receiving the proceeds of said war- :
rant said party, or some one author- ,'
ized in his behalf, shall make and ex
ecute to said City and County and de
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient
conveyance of said lot of land. Im- !
mediately after taking possession of
the land required for said street, the !
Board shall report that fact to the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board
be interested in any of the land to be
taken or assessed for such improve- ]
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the j
purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
tent person to act as one of the Com
missioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided
for said Commissioners, and who, be
fore entering upon his duties, shall
take the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the
Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, on the
written recommendation of the Board
of Public Works, change the grade of
any street or street crossing in the
manner and to the grade set out in
such recommendation; but no grada
shall be changed unless the same pro
ceedings are taken by way of provid
ing compensation to those who may
i suffer damage by such change of
! grade, so far as such proceedings may
! be applicable, as are hereinbefore pro
; vided in the matter of opening,
straightening, widening and extending
1 streets; and where such proceedings
are not applicable they may be sup
; plemented by ordinance of the Super
visors.
CHAPTER IV.
Sewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public
j Works shall devise a general system
of drainage, which shall embrace all
matters relative to the thorough, sys
! tematic and effectual drainage of the
City and County, and Bhall from time
to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
: location, form and material to be used
! in the construction, reconstruction and
repairing of all public sewers, man
holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
ether appurtenances belonging to the
drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying into a public
sewer, and determine the place and
manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Board shall recommend
1 to the Supervisors rules and regula
tions concerning the public and private
sewers and drains in the City and
county, and upon recommendation of
said Board, the Supervisors are author
ized to puss an ordinance establishing
the same and prescribing the penalties
fur any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with,
or open or penetrate any, public sewer
or drain without first obtaining a per
mit in writing from said Board, and
■ complying with the rules and regula
tions of the Board in reference thereto.
Sec. f>. The Board may ;ilso recom
j mend t<> the Supervisors the construc
tion of such canals, sewers, tunnels,
dutches, drains, embankments, reser
voirs, pumping works, machinery and
other works necessary for the proper
and effectual drainage of the City and
! County, together with plans for con
; necting the same with sewers and pri
j vate drains already constructed or
' thereafter to be constructed.
[ Sec. 6. The Supervisors may, upon
the recommendation of the Board of
Public Works, by ordinance passed by
: not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
! authorize the purchase of any personal
property or the acquisition by purchase
jor condemnation of any real estate
which may be necessary for the con
; slruction of any sewer or the making of
any improvement provided for in this
' Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
approval of the Supervisors, agree with
, the owners of any real estate, upon
, which It is deemed desirabie to con
| struct any sewer or other improvement
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
relative to sewerage or drainage, upon i
the amount of damage to be paid to ]
such owners ; for the purpose 'of , such j
improvement and for the perpetual use ;
of said real estate i for : said purpose. . :
Sec. 8. The " Board may, when . au- j
thorized by ordinance of the Supervis- |
ors passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative ; votes, construct such : ; sew- !
ers, reservoirs and pumping works as j
may be necessary to carry out the gen
eral system of sewerage for the - City
and County. '..»... '-
Sec. 9. When, upon, the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri
vate property, and the Board is unable
to agree with the owner thereof, upon
the amount of compensation or dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such
owner is in any way incapable of mak
ing any agreement in reference thereto,
and in all cases in which the Board
shall deem it most expedient, it shall,
when authorized by the Supervisors ex
pressed by ordinance, have the right to
cause said' property to be condemned,
and to institute proceedings for the
condemnation of such property, or for
the ascertainment of such damages in
the manner, so far as may be applica
ble, which is provided in this Article for
the condemnation of real : estate when
necessary for the opening of any new
street. ________ .' ' " *
CHAPTER V.
Harbors and ' Wharves. /
SECTION 1. All the Wharves, Water
Front and Harbor of San Francisco
which now belong or may hereafter be
long to the City and County, or over
which it may at any time lawfully ex
ercise Jurisdiction and control, shall be
under the management and control of
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of
Public Works, after proceedings had
as provided in this Article for the im
provement or repair of public build
ings.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate ■ the , tolls for
wharfage and dockage, . and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex
cept where the wharves are under the
jurisdiction of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, or may provide
that no charges, tolls, dockage or
wharfage be imposed or collected. The
Supervisors shall not have power to
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years. '■••:/;; ;
.
ARTICLE VII.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBRA
RIES.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall be under the control and manage
ment of a Board of Education com
posed of four School Directors, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and
who shall give their entire time to the
duties of their office. They shall each
receive an annual salary of three thou
sand dollars. They shall not be less
than thirty years of age and must have
been residents of the City and County
for at least five years prior to their ap
pointment. The Board shall never be
j so constituted as to consist of more
than two members of the same politi
cal party. The term of office of the Di
rectors shall be four years. Those first
' appointed shall no classify themselves
! by lot that they shall respectively go
' out of office at the expiration of one,
i two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The Uoard shall organize by
electing one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected. The Board may
elect a Secretary who shall not be a
member of the Board, and who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred i 'liars.
Sec. 3. The Board shall meet at least
once a week and at such other times as
it may determine. It shall establish
rules for its proceedings; but the con
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary to transact
business. In every instance where a
power is exercised under this Article by
the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
the minutes of the Board.
CHAPTER li.
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall comprise all the public schools of
the City and County and shall include
primary and grammar schools and may
include evening, deportment, technical,
cosmopolitan, hr<h and normal schools.
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free
; instruction in the evening schools; but
i no child under fourteen years of age
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTER 111.
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
conferred by tfce general laws of the
State, the Board of Education shall
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
[ schools as provided in this Article, and
to change, modify, consolidate or dis
continue the same as the public wel
l fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per
sons as may be necessary to carry into
effect Its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries and
i compensation, and to withhold for good
! and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
tion of any person or persons employed
as- aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the time of the
adoption of this Charter, or who shall
be hereafter appointed, shall be dis
missed from the department, except
for insubordination, immoral or unpro
fessional conduct, or evident unfitness
for teaching. All promotions of teachers
shall be based solely on. merit and suc
cessful teaching. Nothing in this sec
tion shall be construed to prevent the
Board from removing teachers holding
only special certificates or serving a
probationary term. Charges against
teachers must be formally made by the
Superintendent after due investigation
i and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
; due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and. for the
causes mentioned in section one, sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re-
I yoke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for the
government and efficiency of the
schools and for carrying into effect
the school system; to remedy truancy;
; to compel the attendance at school of
children between the ages of six and
'. fourteen years who may be found idle
! in public places during school hours.
5. To investigate charges against
any person connected with or in the
employ of the School Department, and
to take testimony in such investiga
tions.
6. To receive, to take on lease and to
hold in trust for the City and County
any real estate belonging to or claimed
by the Schor.-l Department. To hold in
trust all personal property that may
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School Department.
7. On or before the first day in April
In each year, to appoint School Census
Marshals, and notify the Superintend
ent of Common -h r )< Is of such appoint
ments. Any Census Marshal found in
competent may be discharged by the
Superintendent of Common Schools.
Snould the Board <"ail or neglect to fili
the vacancy so caused within three days
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perform the duties of
Census Marshal, such vacancy may be
ftn*d by the Superintendent of Cora
r.ion Schools.
S. To sue in the nam? of the City and
County for lots, lands and property be
longing to or claimed by the School
Department. To prosecute and defend i
all actions at law or special proceedings j
or suits in equity conce.-ning the enjoy- i
ment and possession cf such lots, lands ;
and property. To require the services \
of the City Attorney in all actions,
BttttS and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education. '
9. To establish regulations for the j
disbursement of all moneys belonging i
to the School Department or to the j
j Common School Fund, and to secure I
strict accountability in the expenditure |
thereof; to provide for the prompt pay- >
ment, on not later than the fifth day of !
every month, of all salaries due and al
lowed officers, teachers and other em- j
ployees of the School Department. For i
this purpose the Auditor shall annually '
segregate so much of the Common <
j School Fund as shall not exceed twen- j
ty-eight dollars for each pupil in ay- !
erage daily attendance in the Public
Schools of the City and County during j
the preceding fiscal year. The amount ;
so segregated shall not be applied to the j
: payment of any demand against such
I Common School Fund during any fiscal
! year other than for salaries, until all i
', salaries for that fiscal year nave been !
; fully paid or provided for. The Board ]
' shall ascertain and transmit to the Au- }
ditor on or before the first Monday in |
i April of each year an. estimate of the
i amount required for such segregation
within such limit of twenty-eight dol
tars.
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed ;
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed-
Ucation, and after they have been ap
; proved by the Board, they shall be
signed by the President of the Board ,
i and the Superintendent and sent to the
Auditor. Every demand shall have en
dorsed upon it a certificate, signed by i
i the Secretary-, of Its approval by the i
: Board of Education, showing the j
date thereof, and the law authoriz- (
| ing it by title, date and section.
! Every person in the employ of j
the School Department entitled to
a salary therefrom shall receive a ;
warrant for the amount due and ap
proved by the Board, signed by the
President and Secretary thereof. The ■
[ entire monthly salary roll of the De- ;
partment shall be made up by the Sec- i
I retary of the Board, and after being
duly audited by the Finance Committee !
thereof and approved by a majority of '
: all the members of the Board, shall be
! endorsed in the same manner as other (
! demands. The salary roll so audited,
i approved and endorsed, shall be imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not
later than the third day of every month
! for comparison with the individual sal
ary warrants issued in the manner
above provided: but payments shall be
made only on the individual warrants
issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi
ble bidder, for the benefit of the Com- ;
mon School Fund, for a term not ex-
I ceeding twenty years, any real property
of the School Department not required
; for school purposes; but no lease shall i
be made except after advertisement for |
< bids for at least fifteen days in the offl- :
cial newspaper and by an affirmative ;
j vote of at least three members of the j
Board approved by an ordinance of the !
Supervisors.
12. To receive and manage property |
or money acquired by bequest or dona- ;
tion in trust for the benefit of any
school, educational purpose or school :
library; to carry into effect the terms ;
; of any bequest not in conflict with the ;
'. general laws or this Charter; and to sell j
such personal property as shall no
longer be required for use in the
' schools. All moneys realized by such
sales shall be at once paid into the
! treasury to the credit of the Common '
i School Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be- j
! fore the first day nf May, make a, list of !
supplies estimated to be required by the
School Department for the ensuing fis
cal year, stating in clear and explicit ■
terms the quantity and kind of articles
needed and how and when they shall be
delivered, and shall invite proposals for •
; furnishing the same by advertising ;
therefor for at least ten days in the ;
•official newspaper.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad- '
vertlsing for proposals, the affidavit i
i and security accompanying the same, '
the presentation and opening of propo- :
sals, the awarding of contracts and the '
security for the performance thereof, j
: shall, so far as the same can be made
applicable, apply to all proposals and !
contracts made, awarded or entered ',
i into for furnishing supplies to the
School Department. Any contract made
lin violation of any provision of this
Art'cle shall be void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each j
year, transmit to the Supervisors a re- !
port in writing for the preceding fiscal i
year, stating the number of schools
within its jurisdiction, the length of
time they have been kept open, the
number of pupils tauerht in each school, i
1 the average daily attendance of pu
j plls In all the public schools, the
; number, names and salaries of teacft
j ers, the dates of their appointments
! and the character of the certificates !
| held by them, the amount of money !
drawn from the treasury by the De- j
partment during the year, distinguish- l
ing the State fund from all others, the j
: purpose for which such money has been !
■ expended, with particulars, and such
Other information as may be required i
by the State Superintendent, the Super- ]
j visors or the Mayor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between the <
1 first and twenty-first days of May of
! each year, adopt a schedule of salaries .
for the next ensuing fiscal year for
teachers and all employees of the
; School Department.
CHAPTER IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of
; Common Schools of the City and Coun- ;
' ty shall be by virtue of his office a !
'•■ member of the Board of Education, j
: without the right to vofe. He shall re- ]
i ceive an annual salary of four thousand i
' dollars.
Sec. 2. The Superintendent shall ap- !
: point four Deputy Superintendents. \
! The number of such deputies shall not
be increased until the average dally at
: tendance shall have reached forty-five
thousand, when the Superintendent
[ shall appoint one additional deputy,
| and thereafter he shall appoint one
! deputy for each additional eight
thousand ihlldren in average daily
; attendance. If from any cause a
I vacancy occurs in the office of Deputy
Superintendent, such vacancy shall be j
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
! tendents first appointed, the Superin-
I tendent shall appoint two for two
I years and two for four years. All
; Deputy Superintendents subsequently
j appointed shall hold office for four
years.
Sec. 4. Such deputies must have had
I at least ten years' successful experi
ence as teachers, and shall have been
residents of the City and County at
least five years preceding their ap
pointment.
Sec. 5. In addition to the duties im
posed by the general laws of the State,
it shall be the duty of the Superin
tendent:
1. To observe and enforce all rules
and regulations of the Board of Educa
! tion and to see that no religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed
in the schools.
2. To report to the Board of Educa
tion annually, on or before the twen
tieth day of August, and at such other
times as the Board may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
progress »f the public schools of the
City and County during the fiscal year,
with such recommendations as he may
deem proper.
3. To inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhouses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such measures as
he may deem necessary for the ad
vancement of education in the City and
County, and for the care and improve
merit of the property of the School De
partment.
4. To visit and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing and classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion of
pupils from grade to grade, from
school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
5. To recommend to the Board the
courses of studies; the text-books and ,
books for supplementary use in the
public schools and the purchase of such
apparatus, books, stationery and other
class-room supplies as may be required
in the schools.
6. To report to the Board once a
month upon the standing of schools ex
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec. 6. The Superintendent and his
deputies shall constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power:
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
which will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for
six years, which shall authorize the
holder to teach any primary, gram
mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, valid for six years, which shall
authorize the holder to teach any
primary or grammar school in the City
and County.
c. A City certificate, primary grade,
valid for two years, which shall au
thorize the holder to teach any primary
school in the City and County. They
shall report the result of the examina
tion to the Board of Education, and
the Board shall thereupon issue to the
successful candidates the certificates
to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such
special studies as may be authorized by
the Board of Education.
3. For immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity, intemperance, or
evident unfitness for teaching, to
recommend to the Board of Education \
the revocation of any certificates pre
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
City certificates and the renewal
thereof, in the manner provided for the
granting and renewal of County cer
tificates by County Boards of Educa
tion in section seventeen hundred and
seventy-five of the Political Code.
CHAPTER V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or before the first Monday of
April in each year, report to the Super
visors an estimate of the amount which
shall be required during the ensuing
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
the current annual expenses of public
instruction in the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup
plies to be furnished pupils, including
text books for indigent children; for
purchasing and procuring sites; for
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
ing and repairing buildings; for the
support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the Sal- j
ary of the School Directors, Superinten
dent, Deputy Superintendents, and all
other persons employed in the School
Department, and for other expenditures
necessary for the administration of the :
Public School System; but the aggre
gate amoint so reported for any one
year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
pil, who in the fiscal year immediately
prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate in the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
and in the manner of levying and col
lecting other city and county taxes
shall levy and cause to be collected for ;
the Common School Fund a tax which, ;
added to the regular revenue derived
from other sources, shall produce an
amount of money which shall not ex
ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
for each pupil in attendance during the
preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
and reported by the Board of Educa
tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
or great calamity, such as disaster from !
fire, riot, earthquake or public enemy,
the Board of Education may, with the
approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
incur extraordinary expenditures in ex
cess of the annual limit provided for in
this Charter, for the repair and con
struction and furnishing of school
houses in place of those so injured or
destroyed. The Supervisors may, by
ordinance, cause to be transferred to
the Common School Fund, from moneys
in any fund not otherwise appropriated,
sufficient money to liquidate such ex
penditures, and provide for the same in
the next tax levy of the City and Coun
ty.
CHAPTER VI.
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. When any locality in
the City and County is unprovided
with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of
claps moms needed, the location of the
proposed school house, the date on
which it should be completed, the
amount of money in the School Fund
available for the purpose, and such
other information as will enable the
Board of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of
I Education, they shall be endorsed
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
without delay to have such school
i house constructed and completed in ac
! eordance therewith.
When such school house is complet
j ed, the Board of Public Works shall
! notify the Board of Education to ex
; amine the same, and if it has been
built in accordance with the plans and
1 specifications and within the estimated
' cost thereof, the Board of Education
shall accept and take possession of it.
Sec. 2. When an - school house, build
ing, fence or other property belonging
to, or connected with, or under th»
control of, the Board of Education,
needs repairing, altering or improv
ing, the Board shall notify the
I Board of Public Works, specifying
jin general terms the work to be
done. The Board of Public Works
j shall cause the same to be done forth
with, if the cost thereof shall not ex
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars:
otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications and
estimates of cost to tht Board of Edu
cation for its approval, and if approved
as provided in section one of this Chap
ter, thr> Board of Public Works shall
cause the same to be done, and if done
j in accordance with the plans and sped
| fications. and within such estimate, the
same shall be accepted and shall b«
raid for out of the Common School
Fund.
Sec. 3. When it is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
phnll not exceed the market value of
adjacent property of equal size and
similarly situated. Any school build
ing hereafter constructed shall have a
clear space of at least ten feet around
the same.
CHAPTER Vn.
Public Library and Reading Rooms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
' shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, who- shall be a member of the Board
by virtue of his office. The Board of
Trustees of said Library and Reading
Rooms in office at the time this Char
ter shall take effect shall continue to
constitute the Board of Trustees of
said Public Library and Reading
Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
be filled by said Board. None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
tion for his services.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall, for
the purpose of maintaining such
Library and Reading llo'oms and
such branches thereof as the Board of
Library Trustees may from time to
time establish, and for purchasing
books, journals and periodicals, and for
purchasing or leasing: real and ~ersonal
property, and for constructing such
buildings as may be necessary, an
nually levy a tax on all property in
the City and County not exempt from
taxation which shall not be less than
one and one-half cents nor more than
two and one-half cents upon each one
hundred dollars assessed valuation of
said property. The proceeds of said
tax shall be credited to the Library
Fund.
Sec. 3. All revenue from such tax,
together with all money or property
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
G-therwise, for the purpose of thfj Li
brary, shall be paid into the treasury
and be designated as the Library
Fund and be applied to the purposes
herein authorized. If such payment
into the treasury should be inconsistent
with the conditions or terms of any
such gift, devise or bequest, the Board
shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Library
and Reading Rooms, in accordance with
the terms and conditions of such gift,
devise or bequest.
Sec. 4. The title to all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of
the Library and Reading Rooms, when
not inconsistent with the terms of its
acquisition, shall vest in the City and
County, and in the name of the City
and County may be sued for and de
fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge
of the Public Library and Reading
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and
of all real and personal property there
unto belonging, or that maybe ac
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise
or otherwise, when not inconsistent
with the terms and conditions of the
gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet
for business purposes at least once a
month, and at such other times as it
may appoint in a place to be provided
for the purpose. A jnajority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected, and shall elect
a Librarian and Secretary and such as
sistants as may be necessary. The
Secretary shall keep a full account of
all property, monp", receipts and ex
penditures and a record of all its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vote
of all its members to be recorded in its
minutes with the ayes and noes, shall
have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary for
the administration, government and
protection of the Library and Reading
Rooms and branches thereof, and all
property belonging thereto, or that
may be loaned thereto. #
2. To administer any trust declared
or created for such Library and Read
ing Rooms and branches thereof, and
provide memorial tablets and niches to
perpetuate the memory of those per-»
sons who may make valuable donations
thereto.
3. To define the powers and pre
scribe the duties of all officers; deter
mine the number of and elect all nec
essary subordinate officers and assist
ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purchase books, journals, pub
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing and pay
ment upon vouchers, certified by the
President and Secretary, of money
; from the Library Fund for any liability
i or authorized expenditure.
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
i and Secretary and their assistants
! and, with the approval of the Super
j visors, expressed by ordinance, to erect
I and equip such building or buildings,
' room or rooms, as may be necessary
for the Library and Reading Room's
and branches thereof.
7. To establish such branches of the
Library and Reading Rooms as the
growth of the City and County may
from time to time demand.
Sec. 8. The Supervisors shall have
\ power to appropriate and authorize
the use, either in whoje or in part, of
any real estate belonging 1 to the City
and County, for the purpose of erect
ing and maintaining a building or
buildings thereon to be used for the
Library and Reading Rooms, or
branches thereof, and may appropriate
j the whole or any portion of any public
! building belonging to the City and
j County for such use.
ARTICLE VIII.
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police
Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes as shall be necessary to carry
into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
shall be a citizen of the United States
of good character for honesty and so
briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his appointment.
Every appointee to the Department
shall not be less than twenty-one nor
more than thirty-five years of age,
must possess the physical qualifications
required for recruits of the United
States Army, and before his appoint
ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by
the Board of. Police Commissioners.
In making appointments of members
of the Department, the Board shall
never regard the political or religious
preferences or affiliations of any can
didate.
CHAPTER 11.
Police Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner
who shall not have been an elector of
the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration
of one. two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Police
Commissioners holding office in the
City and County at the time this
Charter shall go into effect by virtue of
appointment under any statute or law
of this State.
Sec. 4. The Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of their
number President, who shall hold such
office for one year. The Board shall
appoint a Secretary, who shall receive
lan annual salary of fifteen hundred
I dollars. The sessions of the Board
shall be public, except that executive
sessions may be held whenever deemed
proper by the Board. The Board shall
meet- at least once a week in the rooms
of the Police Department, or in case of
public emergency at such place as the
Board may select. The Secretary must
keep minutes of its proceedings; and
in every case where a power is exer
cised by the Board under this Article
the ayes and noes thereon shall be en
tered therein.
CHAPTER 111. ,
Powers of the Board.
SECTION 1. The Board of Police
Commissioners shall have power:
1. To appoint, promote, suspend, dis
rate or dismiss any member of the De
partment in the manner hereinafter
provided.
2. To prescribe rules and regulations
for the government, discipline, equip
ment and uniform of the Department,
and from time to time to alter or re
peal the same, and to prescribe penal
ties for the violations of any of such
rules and regulations. All such rules
and regulations must be reasonable.
3. To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage in the sale of liquor
in less quantity than one quart, and to
grant pormits to any person engaged in
the business of selling liquor to be
drunk on the premises, and to revoke
any such permit when it shall appear
to the Board that the business of the
person to'whom such permit was given
is conducted in a disorderly or im
proper manner. Without such permit
none of such persons shall engage in
the business of selling liquor. If the
Board refuse to grant such permit, or
propose to revoke ajiy permit that has
been granted, the person who is re
fused such permit or whose permit it is
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
be heard before the Board in person,
or through counsel, and to have, free
of charge, all reasonable facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not be
granted for more than three months at
one time, and they shall distinctly state
the name of the person to whom the
same is given, and the description of
the premises where such business is to
be carried on. Such permits shall at all
times be subject to inspection by any
member of the Department. Com
plaints to revoke permits granted by
the Board must be in writing, signed
by the person making the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Boafd;
and a copy thereof certified by the
Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint.
4. At its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
to appoint, and at pleasure to remove,
special police officers. Such officers
shall be subject to all the rules and
regulations of the Board.
5. To provide for the care, restitu
tion or sale at annual public auction of
all unclaimed property that may come
into the possession of the Property
Clerk, and to direct the destruction of
such property as shall consist of im
plements, weapons, property or any
other article, matter or thing used in
the commission of crime.
6. To appoint Police Matrons for the
care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules and regulations for the gov
ernment of the same.
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annual salary of fif
teen hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The President may convene
the Board for special meetings. The
Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
cial custodian of all records and official
documents of the Board.
CHAPTER IV.
The Chief of Police.
SECTION 1. The Chief of Police shall
be appointed by the Board of Police
Conimissio. ers and hold office for
the term of four years. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thou
sand dollars. He shall have control,
; management and direction of all mem
! bers of the Department in the lawful
! exercise of his functions, with full
power to detail any of them to such
public service as he may direct, and
with like power to suspend temporarily
any member of the Department. In all
cases of such suspension, he shall im
mediately report the same to the Board
with the reasons therefor in writing.
He shall maintain and enforce law and
rigid discipline so as to secure com
plete efficiency of the Department. He
shall, subject to the directions and or
ders of the Commissioners, have con
trol of such of the prisons of the City
and County as are not by the general
law under the control of the Sheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
public peace, or organized resistance
against the laws or public authority,
the Chief of Police shall, in the lawful
exercise of his functions, have all the
powers that are now or may be con
ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
State.
Sec. 3. The Chief of Police shall be
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He shall be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see that the orders and process
issued by the Police Court and such
other orders and process as may be
placed in his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
powers connected with his office as
may be provided for in the general
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners.
Sec. 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office in which he shall have
the Statutes of this State and of the
United States, and all necessary works
on criminal law. In case of his tempo
rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
! for that purpose, shall be in attendance
j at all hours of the day and night; and
j in such case he shall make known to
' such member of the Department where
he can be found.
Sec. 5. The Chief of Police shall de
tail one or more of the members of the
I Department to attend constantly on the
! Police Court and to execute its orders
j and process. He shall detail at his
! pleasure members of the Department to
I act as his Chief Clerk. Assistant Clerks,
| Prison Keepers and Property Clerk.
; Said Chief Clerk and said Property
! Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may from
time to time disburse such sums for
contingent expenses of the Department,
i as in his judgment shall be for the best
interest of the City and County, to be
paid out of the contingent fund allowed
the Department. The aggregate of all
such sums shall not in any one fiscal
year exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars. Provision shall be made by the
Supervisors for such contingent fund in
I the annual tax levy. The Commission
i ers shall allow and order paid out of
i such contingent fund as contingent ex
1 penses of the Police Department, upon
orders signed by the Chief of Police,
such amounts as may be required.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall pos
sess powers of general police inspection,
! supervision and control, over all pawn
i brokers, peddlers, lurk-shop keepers,
! dealers in second-hand merchandise,
j auctioneers and intelligence office keep
i ers. All persons engaged in said call
! ings nust first procure permits from the
i Commissioners. In the exercise of such
! power the Chief may by authority in
i writing from time to time empower
\ members of the Police Department,
when in search of property feloniously
i obtained or in search of suspected of
fenders, or in search of evidence to con-
I vict any person charged with crime, to
i examine the books and the premises of
' any such person. Any such member of
the Police Department, when thereunto
empowered in writing by the Chief of
! Police, may examine property alleged
! to have been pawned, pledged, deposit
ed, lost, strayed or stolen.
CHAPTEB V.
Subordinate Officers.
SECTION 1. Subordinate officers ofthe Police Department shall consist of
Captains, who shall each receive an
annual salary of twenty-tour hundred
dollars; Lieutenants, who shay each
receive an annual salary of sixteen
hundred and eighty dollars; Sergeants.
who shall each receive an annual salary
of fifteen hundred dollars; and Corpor
als #ho shall each receive an annual
v of fourteen hundred and lour
°Sec. 2 There shall be one Captain
for each one hundred police officers
The duties of Captains shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners and by the orders of the
Chief of Police.
Bee 3 There shall be one Lieutenant
for every fifty police officers. The du
ties of the Lieutenants shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners, by the orders of the
Chief of Police, and by the orders of
their respective Captains.
Bee 4 There shall be as many Ser
geants as in the judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable, not to ex
ceed one Sergeant for every ten police
officers The duties of Sergeants shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, the orders of the
Chief of Police, and the orders of their
respective Captains and Lieutenants.
Sec S There shall be as many Cor
porals as in the judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable^ The du
ties*of Corporals shall be defined b the
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners the orders of the Chief of Po
lice, and the orders of their respective
Captains Lieutenants and Sergeants.
P,-r. 6. The Chief of Police may detail
fnr detective duties such members of
the Department as he may select, not
to exceed twenty-five. He shall desig
nate a Captain of Police to- act as Cap
tain over the officers so detailed who
shall receive an annual salary of three
thousand dollars. Such Captain shall
rank as Cnptain of Detectives, and his
duties shall be defined by the Commis
sioners and by the Chief of Police. The
members m detailed shall be known
and ranked as Detective Sergeants.
E:'.'-h of said Detective Sergeants shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time fr<Mii such detail by
.the Chief of Police. TlrMr duties shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, by the orders of
the chief of Police, and by the orders
of the Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTER VI.
Police Officers.
SECTION 1. The Police Force of the
City and County shall not exceed one
Police Officer for ea< h five hundred in
habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
receive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred and twenty-four dollars.
Sec. 2. Every Police Officer shall,
upon the arrest of any person charged
with the commission of crime, search
the person of such offender, and take
from him all property and weapons,
and forthwith deliver the same to the
prison keener, who must deliver the
same to the Property Clerk, to be kept
by him until other disposition be made
thereof according to law.
Sec. 8. Police Officers shall be health
officers by virtue of their office.
CHAPTER VII.
Promotions, Suspensions, Dismissals
and Dismtements.
SECTION 1. All promotions in the
Department shall be from the next
lower rank, seniority of service and
meritorious public service being con
sidered.
Sec. 2. Any member of the Depart
ment guilty of any offense, or violation
of rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to be fixed by the Commission
ers, or by dismissal from the Depart
ment; but no fine shall ever be imposed
at any one time for any offense ex
ceeding one month's salary.
Sec. 3. No member of the Department
shall be subject to dismissal for any
pause, or to punishment for an-- breach
of duty or misconduct therein, except
after a fair and impartial trial before
the Commissioners upon a verified com
plaint filed with the Hoard setting forth
specifically the acts complained of. and
after such reasonable notice to him of
'he time and place of hearing as the
Board may by rule prescribe. The ac
rused shall be entitled upon such hear
nrr to appear personally and by coun
sel: to have a public trial; and to se
:ure and enforce free of expense to him
•Jie attendance of all witnesses neces
lary for his defense.
CHAPTER VIII.
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
SECTION 1. All property or money
taken under suspicion of having been
stolen or feloniously obtained, the re
sult of crime or constituting the pro
reeds of crime, and all property or
money taken from intoxicated or in
sane persons, or other persons incapa
ble of taking care of themselves, or
property err money lost or abandoned
that may in any way come into the
possession or custody of any member
Df the Department, or of any Criminal
Court or Judge of the City and
County, shall be delivered to the Prop
erty Clerk, who shall enter in a Record
800-k. to be kept by him for that pur
pose, a full and explicit description of
the same, together with the name of
the person or persons from whom r«
ceTved, the names of any claimants
thereto, the time of the seizure, and the
final disposition thereof. •
Sec. 2. When property or money taken
from any person arrested, or otherwise
under suspicion of having been feloni
ously obtained, or of being the proceeds
of crime, is brought with the claimant
thereof and the person arrested before
a court fnr examination and adjudica
tion, and the Court shall adjudge tha*
the person arrested is innocent of the
offense alleged, and that the property
ir money belongs to him. it shall or
der such property or money returned
to the accused, and the Property Cl^rk
shall thereupon deliver such property
or money to him personally, but not to
his attorney or agent. If upon such
hearing the pceuscd shall be held for
trial or examination, such property or
money shall remain in the custody of
the Property Clerk until the discharge
nr conviction of the person accused
Sec. 8. All unclaimed property and
money that has heo n in the custody of
the Property clerk for on» year shall
bo sold at public auction, after having
been five times advertised in the official
newspaper: and the proceeds of such
sale shall br> paid into the treasury to
the credit of the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund. In no case shall such prop
erty be sold or disposed of until the ne
cessity for the use thereof as evidence
has ceased. The proceeds of property
taken from insane persons shall not
hfM'ome part of such Fund until after
the expiration of thr^e years from the
time the same fs paid into the treasury
but the <'ommissi<>ners and th« Chief
of Police shrll. during such period
make diligent inquiry to ascertain the
person or persons to whom the same
should by right be payable.
Sec. 4. If nnv property or money in
the custody of ihe Property Cle^k be re
quired as evidence in any Court, it
shall be delivered to any officer who
phall present an order in writing to
thnt effect from such Court, and the
Clerks of such Court shall be responsi
ble for the safe delivery of such prop
erty or money to the Property Clerk.
Sec. '.. All valuables and money in
the custody of the Property Clerk shall
be deposited by him for safe keeping
with the Treasurer in such manner and
subject to such rules nnd regulations
ns may be prescribed by the Board.
CHAPTER IX.
Present Police Force.
SECTION 1. All members of the
present Police Force in good standing
in the Department at the time this
Charter goes into effect, and the Park
Police, shall continue therein without
i Civil Service examination; but all new
appointments and all promotions made
nfter this Charter shall go into effect
shall be subject to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
CHAPTER X.
•
Police Relief and Pension Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue in
force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of the Police
Force, a Fund is hereby created to be
known and designated as the Police
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board
of Police Commissioners and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com
missioners may, by a unanimous vote,
retire and relieve from service any
aged, infirm or disabled member of the
1 Department who has arrived at the
age of sixty-five years, and who, upon
an examination by two regularly cer
tificated practicing physicians appointed
by the Commissioners for that pur
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea
son of such age, infirmity or other dis
ability, unfit for the" performance of his
duties. Such retired member shall re
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund a monthly pension equal to
; one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid j
unless such person has been an active !
member of the Department for twenty
years continuously next preceding his
retirement, and the same shall cease at j
his death.
Sec. 3. Any member of the Depart
ment who shall become physically dis
abled by reason of any bodily injury
I received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice, the Captain of the Company to
which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
County recommending his retirement
upon a pension on account of such dis- :
ability, may be retired from the De- j
partment upon an annual pension
equal to one-half the amount of salary
attached to the rank which he may ;
have held three years prior to the date
of such retirement, to be paid to him
during his life and to cease at his
death. In case his disability shall cease i
his pension shall cease, and he shall be
restored to the service in the rank he
j occupied at the time of his retirement.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund,
provide for the family of any officer,
member or employe of the Department |
who may be killed while in the per- j
formance of his duty, as follows:
First — Should the decedent be mar- |
rled. his widow shall as long as she may ;
remain unmarried be paid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary i
attached to the rank held by the de- ]
cedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no ;
widow, but leave an orphan child or j
children under the age of sixteen years, ;
such children shall collectively receive I
; a pension equal to one-half the salary j
attached to the position held by their i
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen j
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no i
widow and no orphan child or children, j
but leave a parent or parents depend- j
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively j
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death,
during such time as the Commissioners ;
may unanimously determine its ne
cessity.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen
sion as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con
victed of felony, shall become dissi
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall
become a non-resident of this State,
shall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. When any member of the De
partment shall, after ten years' service,
die from natural causes, then his wid
ow, and if there be no widow, then his
children, or if there be no widow or
children, then his mother if dependent
upon him for support, shall be entitled
to a sum equal to the amount retained
by the Treasurer from the pay of sucfi
deceased member and paid into the Re
lief and Pension Fund; but the provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
any member of the Department who
shall have received any pension under
the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
: force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year j
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Police Relief and Pension
Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and
certify the same to the Supervisors in
! connection with and as a part of the
annual appropriation for the Police
Department.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, on
notice to the Chief of Police, reward
any member of the Department for
conduct which is heroic or meritorious.
The form or the amount of suoh reward
, shall be discretionary with the Board;
but it shall not exceed in any one in
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
■ President. It shall issue warrants,
• signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to such
persons from the Relief and Pension
Fund. Each warrant shall state for
what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund
Commissioners shall keep a public rec
ord of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief and Pension
Fund, stating the amounts of such
payments, and for what granted. Such
list shall be certified and signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as The Police Relief and Pension Fund
Book. All warrants signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board
shall be presented to the Auditor, and
be audited and ordered paid by him
\ out of said Fund.
Sec. 10. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
i powers vested in the Board of Police
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
, appoint a Secretary, and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all
its necessary expenses, not exceeding
fifty dollars for any one month, includ
ing the salary of the Secretary and
printing. No compensation shall be
: paid to any member of the Board for
any duty required or performed as Po
lice Relief and Pension Fund Commis
sioner.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall annu
ally, when the tax levy is made, direct
the payment into the aforesaid Fund of
the following moneys:
1. Not less than five nor more than
! ten per centum of all moneys collected
and received from licenses for the
keeping of places where spirituous,
malt or other intoxicating liquors are
: SOld.
2. One-half of all moneys received
from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3. All moneys received from fines
imposed upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
rules or regulations thereor.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
property.
5. Not less than one-fourth nor mor*
than one-half of all moneys received
i from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil
| Hard hall keepers, dealers in second
hand merchandise, and from junk
stores.
6. All moneys received from fines for
carrying concealed weapons.
CHARTER FOR THE CITY A!ND COUNTY OF SA:N FRANCISCO.
7. Twenty-five per centum of all fines
! collected in money for violation of any
i ordinance.
8. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as shall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
! Force two dollars a month, which shah
! be forthwith paid into the Police Reliel
and Pension Fund. No other or further
'' retention or reduction shall be made
from such pay for any other fund or
purpose unless the same is herein au
i thorized.
Sec. 12. When a request is made for
regular policemen to be detailed at any
, place of amusement or entertainment,
ball, party or picnic, the party or per
i son making such request shall first de
! posit two dollars and fifty cents for
each man so detailed with. the Property
Clerk of the Department, who shall
give him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Police Re
: lief and Pension Fund.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
each year, or as soon thereafter as
practicable, the Auditor shall make a
i report to the Supervisors of all moneys
j paid out of such Fund during the pre
j vious year, and of the amount then to
! the credit of such Fund. The surplus
I then remaining in such Fund exceeding
I the average a.nnual amount paid out of
I such Fund during the three years next
| preceding shall be transferred to and
i become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
i shall be no longer under the control of
j the Board, or subject to its order. Pay-
I ments provided for in this Chapter
shall be made quarterly upon proper
vouchers. When in any one year a de
ficiency shall exist in such Fund, such
deficiency shall be provided for and
made good by the Supervisors in their
next ensuing tax levy.
ARTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization and Powers.
SECTION 1. The Fire Department
shall be under the management Of a
Board of Fire Commissioners consist
l ing of four members, who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary
!of twelve hundred dollars. No person
; shall be appointed a Fire Commission
er who shall not have been an elector I
of the City and County for at least five ;
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to- consist of more than
I two members of the same political
I party. The term of office of the Com
| missioners shall be four years. Those
! first appointed shall so classify them
! selves by lot that they shall respective
i ly go out of office at the expiration of
one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
j successors in office of the Fire Commis
j sioners holding office in the City and
! County at the time this Charter shall
I go into effect by virtue of appointment
; under any statute or law of this State.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
1 gajiize by electing one of their number
; President who shall hold office for one
j year. The Board may appoint a Secre
i tary who shall perform such duties as
I the Board may prescribe. He shall re
j ceive an annual salary of twenty-four
i hundred dollars. The Board shall meet
! at least once a week, and as often aa ;
; the business of the Department may ;
; require, and all its meetings shall be
1 public.
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
: Department, create and establish such
fire companies as it may deem neces
sary, prescribe the number and duties
of the officers, members and employees I
of the Department, and the uniforms |
and badges to be worn by them; have !
i control of all the property and equlp
■ ments of the Department, and exercise '
full power and authority over all ap- j
( propriat!ons made for the use of the
! Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to posi
tions in the Department must be citl- I
, zens of the United States, not less than j
! twenty-one nor more than thirty-five ]
years of age, of good character for j
', honesty and sobriety, able to read and ■
i write the English language, residents
of the City and County at least five
I years next preceding the date of their
1 appointment, must pass a medical ex
: amination under such rules and regu
lations as may be prescribed by the
; Commissioners, and upon such exam
i ination be found In sound bodily health.
Sec. 7. No officer, member or employee
! of the Department shall be appointed,
transferred, or removed because of his
political opinions, nor shall he be
transferred or dismissed except for
j cause, nor until after a trial before the
! Commissioners.
Sec. -8. The Commissioners shall see
i that the officers, members and em- |
ployees of the Department faithfully i
j discharge their duties, and that the I
1 laws, ordinances 'and regulations per- '
\ tainlng to the Department are carried i
into effect. The Board shall make such j
! rules and regulations as may be neces
sary to secure discipline and efficiency
. in the Department, and for any viola- !
1 tion of such rules and regulations may I
; impose reasonable fines upon the of
j fleers, members and employees of the j
■ Department, or may suspend any of j
them for such reasonable time as the j
! Board may by rule prescribe. Such !
fines shall be deducted from the month
ly warrants of the officers, members
and employees upon whom they are
imposed, and shall be transferred by j
the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief
, ard Pension Fund.
Sec. 9. The Clerk and Commissary of
I the Fire Department Corporation
j Yards shall not' deliver any supplies or
i stores of the Fire Department except
'■ upon an order signed by the Chief En
; gineer ard the Secretary of the Com
missioners; but during a conflagration,
such material or apparatus as may be
I required for the purpose of extlnguish
ing such conflagration may be with
j drawn from said Corporation Yards by
. order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
i officer in charge of th» force of the
j Department at such conflagration.
Sec. 10. No member or employee of
■ the Fire Department shall be engaged
' in any other employment.
CHAPTER IL
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
to reorganize the Fire Department in
conformity with the provisions of this
Charter. In so doing the Board shall
make its appointments of officers and
members from the persons constituting
the force in the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
into effect. Such officers and members
shall not be rwiuired to pass any Civil
Service examination. All future ap
pointments and promotions shall be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion is made in the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappointed without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank in which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial.
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses in his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public.
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
injuries received while in the actual
performance of his duty therein so as
to incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during the continuance of
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully
performed, and shall, upon the award
ing of any such contract, exact an ade-,
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of pro
posals, the aw. rding of contracts
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered into for furnishing supplies to
the Fire Department. Any contract
made in violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void.
CHAPTER 111.
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi
neer, who shall be charged with the
special duty of superintending the ex
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive offi
cer of the Fire Department, and it shall
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules
and regulations in force in the City and
County, or made by the Commissioners
concerning the Fire Department, are
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus
pend any subordinate officer, member
or employee of the Department for in»
competency, or for any violation of th«
rules and regulations of the Fire De
partment, and shall forthwith report in
writing such suspension, with his rea
sons therefor, to the Commissioners foi
their action. He shall diligently ob
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department ana
report in writing thereon at least one«
a month to the Board- and make such
recommendations and suggestions re
specting the same as he may deem
proper. In the absence or inability ot
the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, in his
absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers,
or, in their absence, any Battalion Chief
in charge may, during a conflagration,
cause to be cut down or otherwise re~
moved any buildings or structures for
the purpose of checking the progress of
such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION 1. Each Steam Fire En
gine Company shall be composed of not
more than one Captain, one Lieutenant,
one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Each Hook and Ladder Company
shall be composed of not more than one
Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver,
one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall
be composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and |
one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
; tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one
; Assistant Engineer, two Firemen, one
Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V.
Fire Marshal.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com-
J missioners, on the written recom
i mendation of the Board of Directors of j
the corporation known as the Under
| writers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco. I
| may appoint such persons as may be !
recommended by said Board of Di- j
rectors as Fire Marshal and Assistant j
Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring in
the office of Fire Marshal or Assistant
Fire Marshal shall be filled in the same
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar
shal and nf his assistant and deputies
i shall be fixed and paid by said Board of
j Directors of said Underwriters' Fire
Patrol of San Francisco, and in no
event shall the City and County be
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, in case !
of his disability, the Assistant Fire
Marshal shall attend all fires which
may occur in the City and County,
and he shall take charge of and protect
all property which may be imperiled
thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire for the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and in case the owner
or claimant of such property does not
I take charge of the same within twenty
| four hours, the Fire Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all j
j laws and ordinances relating to the !
I storage, sale and use of oils, combus- j
tible materials and explosives, together |
with the investigation of the cause of I
all fires. In all cases where there is j
reason to believe that fires are the re- i
j suit of crime or that crime has been
i committed in connection therewith, the
Fire Marshal must report the same in
writing to the District Attorney. The
Fire Marshal shall also have the care
of, and may sell, subject to the orders
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no
owner can be found, and at once pay
the amount realized from any such sale
into the treasury. He shall exercise
the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 5. The Fire Marshal shaJl have !
power to appoint deputies for inspect
ing buildings, but such deputies shall j
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County."
CHAPTER VI.
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. Tbo Chief Engineer. As
sistant Chief Engineers, Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shall con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to the safety
of buildings and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Relief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
in force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient I
to meet and pay all demands upon said j
Fund, for the purposes set out in this
Chapter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged, infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age, infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and the same
shall cease at his death.
Sec 4. Any member of the Fire De
partment who. shall become physically
disabled by reason of any bodily in
jury received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of the
Fire Department, the Captain of the
Company to which he belongs, and by
two regularly certificated physicians of
the City and County, recommending his
retirement upon;* pension on account of
such disability, may be retired from
the Department upon an annual pen
sion equal to one-half the -mount of
salary attached to the rank which he
may have held three years prior to
the date of such retirement, to be paid
to him during his life and to cease at
his death. In case his disability shall
cease his pension shall cease, and he
shall be restored to the service in the
rank he occupied at the time of his re
tirement.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while
in the performance of his duty:
First — Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she
may remain unmarried, be paid a
monthly p asion equal to one-half of
the salary attached to the rank held by
the decedent at the time of his death.
Second — Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third — Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal- to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its neces
sity.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
who shall be convicted of felony, or
who shall become dissipated, an habit
ual drunkard, or who shall become a
non-resident of this State, shall for
feit all right to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department.' It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as part of the an
nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment.
Sec. 8. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
such persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed hv the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. All
warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of the Board shall be pre
sented to the Auditor, and be audited
and ordered paid by him out of said
Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested In the Board of Fire
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for Its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all its
necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
dollars for any one month, including
the salary of the Secretary and print
ing; but no compensation shall be paid
to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed as Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner.
chaptelTviii.
Salaries.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars; Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun
dred dollars; Superintendent of. En
gines, eighteen hundrpd dollars; the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers, each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers, Stokers, Tillermen, Truckmen,
Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year of
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars; Watchmen, each n ne
hundred dollars; Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred dollars ; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars; Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTER IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the I
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems in working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or in
strument-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sole
control over its own systems and wires.
Sec. 5. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors; but no connection
shall be made so as to interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. The Department of Electri
city is also charged with the duty of en
forcing all the rules, regulations, or
ders ajid requirements made by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the Inspection and supervision of elec
trical wires and appliances, and the
currents fc-r furnishing light, heat or
power in and upon streets and build
ings in the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De- j
partment of Public Health under the
management of a Board of Health, The
Board shall consist of seven members, !
five of whom shall be appointed by the !
Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer- i
tificated physicians of the City and
County at the time of their appoint-. ;
ment, and who must have been such ',
for at least five years next preceding
their appointment. The Chief of Police j
and the President of the Board of Pub
lic Works shall be members of the
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve j
without compensation. They shall i
elect one of their number President, \
and adopt such rules and regulations
as may be necessary for the govern
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first appointed under this
Charter shall so classify themselves by i
lot that one of them shall go out of of
fice at the end of one year, one at the
end of two years, one at the end of
three years, and two at the end of four
years.
Sec. 3. The Board shall have the
management and control of the City
and County Hospitals, Almshouses,
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
tals, Receiving Hospitals, and of all
matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the lives
and health of the inhabitants of the
City and County; and it may determine
the nature and character of nuisances
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal institutions of the City
and County, including jails, school |
houses and all public buildings; of ths j
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided in Article 11.
Chapter 111, of this Charter, it shall
have exclusive control and disposition
of all expenditures necessary in the in
stitutions under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all
ordinances, rules and regulations which
may be adopted by the Supervisors for
the carrying out and enforcement of a !
good sanitary condition in the City and !
County; for the protection of the public
health; for determining the nature and
character of nuisances and for their j
abatement; and for securing the proper j
registration of births, deaths and other I
statistical information. It shall from \
time to time submit to the Supervisors
a draft of such ordinances, rules and
regulations as it may deem necessary •
to promote the objects mentioned in ■
this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees as may
be necessary for the proper and ef- I
ficient carrying out and enforcement of
the purposes and duties of the Board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
their duties. All appointments in the
Department shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char
ter, and no person so appointed by the
Poard s^hall be removed without cause.
Sec. 6. The Board may annoint n
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who
must have been a resident of the City
and County for at least five years next
preceding his appointment. He shall
devote his time exclusively to the du
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
no compensation for their services, but
who shall have the privilege of teach- \
ing students in their hospital wards. ,
Any student who is actively engaged in
the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical instruction in any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward in the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed inebri- j
ates.
Sec. 9. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other internes to i
the City and County Hospital as it may
deem necessary. They shall he ap
pointed after a competitve examination
by the Board in any or all branches of '■
medicine and surgery, and shall receive j
board and lodging free for their ser- (
vices. They shall be under the control J
and direction of the Resident Physi- j
cian. who may remove any of them for i
neglect of duty, or for other good and ;
sufficient cause, subject to an appeal
to. and final decision by, said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually >
the salaries of all officers and em- i
ployees of the Board. Such compensa- j
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for j
similar services in private institutions
Of like character.
Sec. 11. The ratio of employees to in
mates of any institution under the care
of the Board shall not exceed that
maintained by private institutions of
like character.
ARTICLE XI.
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS. ; '
CHAPTER I. J
Board of Election Commissioners. ;
; SECTION: 1. .The conduct, manage
ment and control of the registration of
voters, and :of the , holding jof ; elections,
and of all \ matters ; pertaining to elec
tions in * the City, and County, shall ; be
vested ; exclusively. in ■ and * exercised j by
at Board of Election Commissioners,
consisting '■ of ; five r members, who ; shall
be appointed by the ':■ Mayor, and ; shall
hold office for four, years. Each of i the
Commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of one thousand dollars. J Each
member of tha. Board must be an elec
tor, of the City and County at the time
of j his :• appointment % and . f must - have
been such for five years next preceding
such time. .• Those. first appointed' must,
immediately, after their appointment, so
classify themselves by lot, : that "> one
shall ; go ; out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
at the end of three years, and two at
thp end of four years.
The Mayor f shall; not make any ap
pointment upon ; the Board at any time
before; thirty days prior to * the time
when, such appointee is to take office ;
Two of the five members first appoint
ed shall be chosen from each of the two
political narties casting in. the City and
County the '■ hiehest , vote" for, Governor
or Fl^tors of .; President /find "Vice
President, ns. the case may he.' at the
last preceding general election. The
fifth member ; shall be ; chosen from the
political party casting the third highest
such , vote at such , election," if there be
such third nartv. if no t, then at
the T discretion of the" Mayor. Upon : the
expiration lof the term of office of any
Commissioner, the appointee must be
chosen from the same political pnrty as
retiring Commissioner.; consistently
with the foregoiner provisions ps ;to
eoual renrespntation at all times of the
two political parties v casting the high
est vote at, the general 1 election last pre
oedinnr the appointment in question as
prescribed in this section. V v V ■''-'■
: Sec 2. %No me>"->ber of the Board, nof
Registrar, nor De^ut" Registrar shall,
during his term of ofPce. be a memher
of any convention ; mirnose of which
is to nominate candidates for off l cc:
n^r be f eligible I to ' any other rhn'nicipal
office i during : the term I-.', fnr which •he
shall have annointed. or for ! one
year ; thereafter;' nor act as officer of
any ■ election 'or primary./ election : nor
■ take ; : part in any election ;; r ;\: except, to
vote nrd when, »«**ng as Flection 'Com
missioner.; at which ' time he , shall t>er
form only such : official duties ps may
•be : required of ; him by law and •by this
Charter. - . -■. . ■'. ■.'../."■ ■-•.■•-.■.■.: ■.■•■ ■
' Sec ■■ 3. The Commissioners , shall or
ganlze within ten days after their ap
pointment by choosing «ne or tneir
t number President. In case of failure
to agree, he shall be by lot
Hr shall hold office for one year and
until his successor is chosen. The
Board shall appoint a Ke^ etr^ nu °^
Voters who shall receive an antmal
salary of twenty-four hundred deters.
The Registrar shall be the Secretan of
the Board, and shall keep a record o f
its proceedings, and shall execute all
orders and enforce all rules ; and regula
tions adopted by the Board. The term
of office of the Registrar shall be rour
Sec. 4. The Board may appoint such
other clerical assistants as may be ne
cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a month each for tne
time actually employed. The Board
shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate tne
service to be rendered by sucn as
sistants and the time for which tney
shall be employed. The time of em
ployment of such assistants shall not
be extended except by like resolution or
the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to in a
provisions of Article XIII of tnia
Charter. ,
Sec. 5. All provisions of the g-enerai
laws of this State respecting elections
shall be applicable to all elections held
in the City and County of San Fran
cisco. All provisions of the general lawa
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such,
registration in the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must qg)vide for precinct registration
so far £s it can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPTER XL
Municipal Elections.
SECTION 1. There shall be held In
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November in the year ona
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and in every second year there
after, an election to be known as tha
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected,
by the electors of the City and County
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder, City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerk, Sheriff, Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
each of whom shall be elected for four
years. The Superintendent of Public
Schools shall be elected for four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of ths City
and County of San Francisco who shall
be elected in the year one thousand
eight hundred and* ninety-eight, under
existing laws, except the Superin
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus
tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January in
the year nineteen hundred.
Sec. 3. The officers first elected as
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January following.
Sec. 4. The Mayor shall issue his
proclamation and publish the same in
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous to the day in each
year on which the municipal election is
' to be held under this Charter, calling
' upon the electors of the City and
County to meet for the purpose of
electing such officers as are provided
for in this Charter, reciting in such.
proclamation the different officers to
;be elected at such election.
ARTICLE XII.
ACQUISITION OF PUBLIC UTIL
ITIES.
It is hereby declared to be the pur
pose and intention of the people of the
City and County that its public utilities
shall be gradually acquired and ulti
mately owned by tr-e City and County.
To this end it is hereby ordained:
SECTION 1. Within one year from
the date upon which this Charter shall
go into effect, and at least every two
years thereafter until the object ex
pressed in this provision shall have
been fully attained, the Supervisors
must procure through the City Engi
neer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
completion by Uje City and County of
water works, gSs works, electric light
works, steam, water or electric power
works, telephone lines, street railroads
and such other public utilities as tha
Supervisors or the people by petition to
the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion
of water works by the City and County,
the Supervisors must procure and place •
on file plans and estimates of the cost
of obtaining from all of the several
available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good, pure water for
the City and County, in order that
propositions for the acquisition, con
struction and completion thereof, and
the incurring of municipal indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein
after set forth.
Sec. 2. After such plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the best
interests of the City and County, enter
into negotiations for the permanent ac
quisition by the City and County, by
original construction, condemnation or
purchase of such or any of said
public utilities as they may regard
most important to the City and County
to be first acquired, and to formulate
and submit to the electors of the City
and County, at a special election, prop
ositions for the permanent acquisition
and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orig
inal construction or condemnation, of
public utilities, the Supervisors must
solicit and consider offers for the salo
to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors shall
have the benefit of acquiring the same
at the lowest possible cost thereof.
Sec. 3. When a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
County equal in number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
public utility, and requesting the
Board to prepare for submission to the
electors of the City and County, as
hereinafter provided, a proposition for
the acquisition of such utility, it shall
be the duty of the Board to immediate
ly take such steps or to enter into such
negotiations as will enable it to formu
late such a proposition for submission
to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shall be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the date
of the filing of such petition. The Clerk
of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
the signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa
tures are appended to the original. The
Mayor shall also have the right to for
mulate and submit to the electors a
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility nam^d in said peti
tion.- At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such proposi
tions by the Supervisors and the May
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
cast thereon shall be adopted; "but in
i case the votes cast in favor of bothpropositions shall not exceed one-half '
the total number of votes cast thereon,
both propositions shall be deemed re
jected.
N "thing in this section shall be so
construed as to prohibit the Supervis
ors from resx>onding to the aforesaid
petition of the electors requesting the I
acquisition of any public utility by pro- ;
1 1 eding at once, without the submission
of propositions to the electors as afore- |
said, to pass an ordinance declaring its
determination to acquire the same ae>
provided in section six of this Article |
und from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the Hume in the manner herein
after provided.
See. 4. In case the cost of any public
utility Bought to be acquired under the
provisions of this Article, can be paid
out of the annual revenues of the City
and County, in addition to the other
necessary expenditures thereof, it shall
be lawful to acquire the same by a ma
jority vote of the electors voting there
on at any special election. In submit
ting propositions to the electors for
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
specify in such proposition the cost of j
the public utility, the proposed method j
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
whether the same shall be acquired
upon sui h terms.
In case, however, the cost of such
public utility sought to be acquired
under the provisions of this Article
shall so far exceed the annual revenues
of the City and County, in addition to
the other necessary expenditures there
of, as to render it necessary to incur a
municipal bonded Indebtedness for such :
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub
mitting propositions to the electors for
the acquisition thereof, shall specify
-. the amount of the proposed
■bonded indebtedness, the rate of inter
est thereon, and whether such bonded
indebtedness shall be incurred. At
two-thirds of the electors voting
thereon at such election shall be neces
fcary to secure such acquisition and to
warrant the issuance of municipal
bonds therefor, as hereinafter set forth.
. 5. When the electors by vote
s-ball have determined, as hereinbefore
I pth, to acquire any public utility,
Kuch action on the part of the electors
'shall be equivalent to the passing of
the ordinance by the Supervisors de
claring such determination as set forth
in section six of this Article, and the
Supervisors shall proceed without de
lay to pass an ordinance calling a
special election as required by section
seven of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de
termine that the public interest or ne
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public
utility, the cost of which will be too
great to be paid out of the ordinary an
nual income and revenue of the City and
County, the Supervisors shall, by or
dinance, specifically declare ' such de
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks in the official
newspaper.
3ec. 7. At the next regular meeting of
the Supervisors after the publication of
the ordinance declaring said deter
mination as above set forth, or at an
adji urned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor more than four
weeks after the electors by vote shall
have determined to acquire any public
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance
shall call a special election, at which
shall be submitted to the electors the
proposition of acquiring such- public
utility, and of incurring a debt for the
acquisition of the same as set forth in
such ordinance. No question other
than the acquisition of such utility and
the incurring of the indebtedness
therefor shall be submitted at such
■ •lection.
Sec. S. The ordinance calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes, for which the indebted
ness is proposed to be incurred, the es
timated cost of the proposed public
utility, the necessity for the acquisition
of the same, and that bonds of the City j
. and County shall issue for the payment
of- the-cqst of the same as in such or
dinance set forth (if the proposition be
.accepted. by the electors), and shall fix
• a day on which such special election
shall be held, the manner of holding
such election, and the manner of voting
'• for or against incurring such indebted
. ness Such election shall be held as
* provided by law for holding elections ■
nVth.- City and County.
..?■•• SfeC: 9. Such ordinance shall be pub
'.'•lislfett. daily for at least ten days in the '
official newspaper. At the expiration
'. •oi.said .ten days the Supervisors shall
'. cause to- be published daily for not less:
! .than two weeks in the official newspa
= .p,er[*a| notice of such special election.
7 : Such notice shall specify the purpose ■
\i • for /which the indebtedness is to be in
; -purred,, the number and character of
the bonds to be issued, the rate of in
t...v .^t' ! to. be paid, and the amount of
.". : t. ; iX levy to be made for the payment
•■:thjefe"of.'
- . i" Sec. 10." No indebtedness shall be iri
"ctrriedfor the acquisition of any public
'„ -..utility, under the provisions of this Ar
ticle, '.which, together with the existing
btrtided indebtedness of the City and I
County, shall exceed at any one time |
fifteen per centum of the assessed value
of .-ill real and personal property in the
City and County.
Sec. 11. The bonds issued under the
. provisions of this Article shall be of the ;
character of bonds known as serials, i
and shall be payable in lawful money
of the United States. The Superrisors
shall decide at the times of the issue
.if the bonds in what, lawful money of
the tTnited States said bonds shall be
payable. Not less than one-fortieth
part of the whole amount of indebted-
Bhall be paid each and every year,
- day .-i'li] at a place to be fixed by
th«." Supervisors, together with th- in-
t< rest on nil sums unpaid at such date.
T.hi; bonds so issued shall be exempt
from . all 'taxation for municipal pur
poses,' 1 and shall be issued in denomina
tions of not less than ten dollars nor
greater than one thousand dollars, and
preference In the sale and allotment
.thereof sriall be pi yon to subscribers for
the smallest amounts and lowest de
nominations.
Paid bonds must be payable on the
'lay and at the place fixed therein, and
v.ith Interest at. the rate specified there
in, but such interest shall not exceed
four per centum per annum, payable
annually, semi-annually or quarterly,
a a the Supervisors may determine.
Pitch bonds, when issued, may be sold
by the Supervisors from time to time
as required, and In such quantities as
they may determine, but the eamemust
be Bold for rash in lawful money of the
Tnitert States as aforesaid to the high
est bidder at nr»t less than par, after
having been advertised in the official
newspaper. They shall be sold under
Healed proposals, and the Supervisors
shall have the rieht to reject any or all
bids made for the purchase thereof.
The proceeds of such sales shall be
placed in the treasury to the credit of
the proper fund and shall bo applied
exclusively to the purposes and objects
mentioned in the ordinance authorizing
their issue until such objects are fully
accomplished, after which, if any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall be
transferred to the General Fund.
Sec. 12. Such bonds shall Im signed
by the Mayor and the Treasurer, and
shall be countersigned by the Auditor.
The coupons shall be numbered con
secutively and Btffned by the Treasurer,
and the bonds and coupons shrill be
payable at the office of the Treasurer.
Sec. lj. At the time of levying the
municipal tax and in the manner pro
vided for such tax levy, the Super
visors shall levy and collect annually
a tax sufficient to pay the annual in
terest on such bonds, and also the
proper aliquot part of the aggregate
amount of such indebtedness so in
curred. Such taxes shall be in addition
to all other taxes levied for municipal
purposes, and shall be collected at the
same time and in the same manner as
other municipal taxes are collected.
See. 14. A neglect or refusal on the
part of the Supervisors to comply with
tho provisions of thin Article shall con
stitute cause for the removal from
office of rj^y member or members of the
Board guilty of such neglect or refusal.
ARTICLE XIII.
CIVIL SEBVICE.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon the
j taking effect of this Charter the Mayor
: shall appoint three persons, known by
I him to be devoted to the principles of
' Civil, Service reform, who shall consti
; tute the Civil Service Commission, one
j for one year, one for two years, and one
! for three years. Each year thereafter
the Mayor shall in like manner ap
point one person as the successor of the
Commissioner whose term of office ex
; pires in that year, to serve as such
Commissioner for three years. All ap
pointments shall be so made that not
i more than one Commissioner shall at
any time belong to the same political
party. Each of such Commissioners
shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. .2. The Commissioners shall
classify all the places of employment in
i or under the offices and departments of
i the City and County mentioned' in sec
j tion eleven of this Article, with refer
i ence to the examinations hereinafter
provided for. The places . so classified
by the Commissioners shall constitute
the classified civil service of the City
and County, and no appointment to any
such place shall be made except ac
cording to the rules hereinafter men
tioned.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall
make rules to carry out the purposes
! of this Article, and for examinations,
appointments, promotions and re
movals, and in accordance with its pro
visions may from time to time, make
changes in the existing rules. All rules
and all changes therein shall be forth
with printed for distribution by the
'■ Commissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places in
the classified civil service shall be sub
jected to examination, which shall be
public, competitive and free. Such ex
aminations shall- be practical in their
character, and shall relate to those
matters only which will fairly test the
relative capacity of the persons ex
amined to discharge the duties of the
positions to which they seek to be ap
pointed, and shall include, when ap
propriate, tests of physical qualifica
tions, health, and of manual or pro
fessional skill. . v:."..'
Sec. 5. The selection of laborers
shall be governed by priority of appli
cation only. No question in any ex
amination shall relate to political or re
ligious opinions or affiliations. The
Commissioners shall control all ex
aminations, and may, whenever an ex
amination is to take place, designate a
suitable number of persons, either in or
not in the official service of the City
and County, to be examiners; and, if
in. the official service, it shall be a part
of their official duty, without extra
compensation, to conduct such ex
aminations as the Commissioners may
direct, and to make return and report
thereof to the Commissioners. The
Commissioners may substitute any
other person, whether in or not in such
service, in the place of any one so se
lected, or may themselves act as such
examiners.
Sec. 6. Notice of the time, place and
general scope of every examination
shall be given by the Commissioners
by publication for two weeks preceding
such examination in the official news
paper, and such notice shall also be
posted by the Commissioners in a con
spicuous place in their office for two
weeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall be
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ex
! aminers, or from the examinations
made by the Commissioners, the Com
missioners shall prepare a register for
each grade or class of positions in the
classified service of the City and
County of the persons whose general
average standing upon examination for
such grade or* class is not less than the
minimum fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners, and who. are otherwise
eligible. Such persons shall take rank
upon the register as candidates in the
order of their relative excellence, as
determined by examination, without
reference to priority of time of ex
amination.'
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
; vide for promotion in the classified ser
j vice on the basis of ascertained merit
and seniority in service and standing
upon examination, and shall provide, in
all cases where practicable, that vacan
: cies shall be filled by promotion. All
examinations for promotion shall be
competitive among such members of
the next lower, rank established by the
Commissioners for each department as
desire to submit themselves to such ex
aminations. The Commissioners shall
submit to the appointing power the
names of not more than three appli
cants having the highest rating for
each promotion. The method of exam
ining, and the rules governing the same,
and the method of certifying, shall be
the same, as near as may be, as pro
vided for applicants for original ap
pointments.
Sec. 9. The head of the department
i or office, in which a position classified
under this Article is to be filled, shall
; notify the Commissioners of that fact,
; and the Commissioners shall then certi
: fy to the appointing officer the name
and address of one or more candidates,
' not exceeding three, standing highest
upon the jregister for the class or grade
to which"he position belongs: but la
borers shall be taken according to their
priority of application. In making such
certification, sex shall be disregarded,
except when some statute, the rules of
the Commissioners, or the appointing
power specifies sex.
Sec. 10. The appointing officer shall
, notify the Commissioners of each posi
tion to be filled separately, and shall
fill such place by the appointment of
one of the persons certified to htm by
the Commissioners therefor. Such ap
pointment shall be on probation for a
period to' be fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners; but such . rules shall
not fix such period at exceeding six
i months. The Commissioners may strike
off names of candidates from the regis
ter after they have remained thereon
more than two years. At ■or before the
i expiration of the period of probation,
the head of the department or office in
which a candidate is employed, may,
! by and with the consent of the Com
missioners, discharge him upon assign
ing in writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he is not then
; discharged, his appointment shall be
deemed complete. To prevent the stop
l page of public business, or to meet ex
! traordinary exigencies, the head of any
' department or office may, with the an
| proval of the Commissioners, make
! temporary appointments, to remain in
i force not exceeding sixty days, and only
until regular appointments, under the
provisions of this Article, can be made.
Sec. 11. The provisions of this Article
shall apply to the following offices and
| departments of the City and County:
j the County Clerk, the Assessor, the Tax
j Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the
| Recorder, the Coroner, the Clerks and
Stenographers of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Works',
the Police Department, the Fire De
partment, the Board of Election Com
missioners,' the Board of Health and all
boards or departments controlling
public ;. utilities; but the following dep
uties, clerks and . employees . in . said , of
fices and departments shall be exempt
ed therefrom:. the Cashier of the Coun
ty Clerk, ' the Chief • Deputy and ' the
Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
uty. and the Cashier of the Tax Collec
tor, the Under Sheriff and the " Chief
Bookkeeper ■of the ' Sheriff, the '■ Deputy
Auditor, the Chief Deputy of the Re
corder, the ' Chief Deputy Coroner, 1 the
City ' Engineer, the 5 Secretary ' and the
Architect of the Board of Public Works*,
the Registrar of the : Board of Election
Commissioners; the Chief of , Police, the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
and t air* physicians appointed by or on
the Board of Health/All officers, courts,
boards and ; heads of departments vest
ed in this Charted .with , the power to
appoint deputies, clerks, 1 ? stenographers
or employees in . any ;of - the offices 'or
.'; ,•■■■■ ■--•- ■■ ■■•-•';... ' ..••.. ,■; - ■-'"•--;
■ '"'!-V-~ .\ Y-yy' ' ';. ;.-;•;■»■,-'; :-• >'' i -'"v'-"i''-'' : -i: i 'l>'''.'.'-"'^ r: "' :; '->' 1 '";
■ .■■■■•;•■ '■■''■■.'
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
departments of the City and County
mentioned in this section shall mak«
such appointments in conformity with
the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment riot
so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
in the classified civil service of the City
and County, who shall have been ap
pointed under said rules, shall be re
moved or discharged except for cause,
upon written charges and after an op
portunity to be heard in his own de
fense. Such charges shall be investi
gated by or before the Civil Service
Commission, or by or before some offi
cer or board appointed by the Commis
sioners to conduct such investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
missioners, or such investigating office* ,
or board, when approved by the Com
missioners, shall be certified to the ap
pointing officer or board, and shall b
forthwith enforced by such officer.
Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing
shall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint
ments, permanent or temporary, made
in such classified civil service, and of
all transfers, promotions, resignations,
suspensions or vacancies from any
cause in such service, and of the date
thereof; and a record of the same shall
be kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment is created or
abolished, or the compensation at
tached thereto altered, the officer or
board making such change shall imme
diately report in writing to the Com
missioners.
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall in
vestigate the enforcement of the pro
visions of this Article, and of its rules,
and the action of the examiners herein
provided for, and the conduct and
action of the appointees in the
classified service in the City and
County, and may inquire as to
the nature, tenure and compensation
of all places in the public service there
of.
Sec. 15. The Commissioners shall, on
or before the fifteenth day of January
in each year, make to the Supervisors
a report showing their acts, the rules
in force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef
fectual accomplishment of the purposes
of this Article. The Mayor may re
quire a report from the Commissioners
at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall em
ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under
their directioti, superintend any exam
ination held in the City and County
under this Article, and who shall per
form such duties as the Commissioners
may prescribe. The Chief Examiner
shall be Secretary of the Commission
by virtue of his office. He shall keep
minutes of its proceedings, preserve all
reports made to it, and keep a record of
all examinations held under its direc
tion. He shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
nish the Commission with suitable of
fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
vide for the payment of such other ex
penses as may be necessarily incurred
in carrying out the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 18. No person or officer shall by
himself, or in co-operation with other
persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any
person in respect to his or her right of
examination: or falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person
examined hereunder, or aid in so doing;
or make any false representations con
cerning the same, or concerning the
person examined; or furnish to any
person any special or secret infor
mation for the purpose of either
improving or Injuring the prospects or
chances of any person of being ap
pointed, employed or promoted.
Sec. 19. The Commissioners shall cer
tify to the Auditor all appointments to
places of employment in the classified
civil service, ai.d all vacancies occurring
therein, whether by dismissal, resigna
tion or death, and all findings made or
approved by the Commission under the
provisions of Section twelve of this Ar
ticle.
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have
power to institute and prosecute legal
proceedings for violation of any of the
provisions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
upon the map of the Outside Lands of
the City and County, made pursuant to
Order Number One Hundred, by the
word "Park," extending from Stanyan
street to the Pacific Ocean and known
as Golden Gate Park; also the land
fronting on Haight street, designated
upon said map by the word "Park,"
and known as "Buena Vista Park";
also the land designated upon said map
by the word "Avenue," extending from
Baker street westward until it crosses
Stanyan street; also that certain high
way bounded on the west by the Pacific
Ocean, and designated upon said map
as "Great Highway"; also "Mountain
Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," as
ceded to the City and County of San
Francisco by Act of Congress; and all
the other parks and squares in the City
and County, and all the grounds
surrounding public buildings in the
City and County, and all parks and
squares and public pleasure grounds
hereafter acquired by the City and
County shall be under the exclusive
qpntrol and mangement of a Board of
Commissioners, who shall be known
and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
successors In office of the Park Com
missioners holding office in the City
and County at the time this Charter
shall go into effect by virtue of ap
pointment under any statute of this
State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
five in number, one of whom must be
an artist. They shall be appointed by
the Mayor for a term of four years and
shall receive no compensation for their
services. They shall so classify them
selves by lot that one of them shall go
out of office at the end of one year, one
at the end of two years, one at the end
of three years, and two at the end of
four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President, and they may elect a Secre
tary who Is not a member of the Boatd
The Board shall establish rules and
regulations for its government and for
the performance of its duties, and for
the conduct of its officers and em
ployees, and shall require adequate
bonds from all of them, except labor*
ers, for the faithful performance of
their duties m such sums as may be
fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
proved by the Mayor and filed in the
office of the Auditor. The person
elected President shall hold his office
for one year, or until his successor is
elected. The Board must hold regular
meetings at lenst once In two week?,
and as many special meetings as it
may deem proper.
Thrpe of the Commissioners shall con
stitute a quorum for the transact'en of
business. No contract shall be tmtered
into authorizing the expenditure of
money without the approval of four of
the Commissioners. Every contract
exceeding five hundred dollars in
amount shall be open to public com
petition, unless the Board shall deter
mine in any given case to ■ have the
work done by day's labor. All the pro
visions of the Article in this Charter on
the Department of Public Works relat
ing to contracts shall bo applicable to
all contract work ordered by th-» Com
missioners.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinances for the regulation, use
and government of the aforesaid park",
squares, avenues and grounds not in
consistent with the laws of the Stato
of California or with this Charter. Such
ordinances shall, within five days after
their passage, be published for ten
days, Sundays excepted, in the official
newspaper. Any person violating any
of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
punished therefor, on conviction, n any
court of competent jurisdiction. None of
such ordinances shall be valid unless it
receives the vote of four member of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at the same meeting at which it
is introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinances shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. ti. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and direction of the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage
ment and disbursement of all funds le
gally appropriated or received from
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from donoro
suitable articles for the Museum and
Art Gallery situate in the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal-
lery.
. Except as provided In section nine of
this Chapter, nothing in this section
shall be so construed as to authorize the i
Commissioners to lease any part of any ■
of said parks, squares, avenues and I
grounds to any person, company or cor- j
poration for any purpose; or to permit :
any person", company or corporation to !
build or maintain any structure on any '>
part of said parks, squares, avenues or |
grounds; but thib shail not inhibit the i
Board from leasing, for a period not
greater than one year, such buildings
as may be constructed by itself for the
use of the public to sach person, com- |
pany or corporation who shall under- I
take to serve such use; and in overy
such lease the Board shah reserve Ihe
right to enter at all times into and upon |
the premises so leased, and shall m.nke i
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for pane-pleasure
purposes only. No such builiin? shall j
be constructed by the Boar-I except it j
be within the objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, aye lues and
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however, in this section, con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
permitting the use of a limited portion
of any one of the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose of conducting
thereon a Fair or Exposition, under
such conditions and restrictions as may
be necessary 1o conserve tho Integrity
of said parks and squares, and for a pe
riod not greater than six months, and
so as not to Interfere wUh the use or
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion shall ever be granted except such
Fair or Exposition be of National, Stat"
or Municipal niportanee. None of t he
moneys in, or apportioned to, the. Park
Fund shall cc used for th^ purposes c*
any such Fair ( r Exposition.
Stc. 7. The Chief of Police shall, on
the request of the Commissionerr, de
tail such members of the Police Force
of the City and County for service in
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds as may be necessary for the en
forcement of the law and for the proper
observance of the ordinances of the
Commissioners; and the Cc minissioners
may provide a place of detention with
in either of sud public pla :es in which
the persons arrested for violating any
of the ordint.Mc.es of the Board may be
detained teropnarily.
Sec. S. The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
aqd legacies and bequests for the im
provement of said park, squares, ave
nues and grounds. All moneys that
may be derived from such donations,
legacies and bequests, shall, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de
posited in the treasury of tbe City and
County to the credit of the Park Fund.
The same may be withdrawn therefrom
ani) paid out in the same manner as is
provided for the payment of moneys le
gally appropriated for the support and
improvement of such parks, squares,
avenues and grounds. If the moneys
derived from such gifts, bequests or
legacies, shall at any time exceed in
amount the sum necessary for imme
diate expenditures on said parks,
squares, avenues and grounds, the
Board shall invest all or a part of the
same in interest bearing bonds of the
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
State of California, on such terms as it
may deem proper, a plot of ground in
Golden Gate Park not more than seven
hundred feet square, on which said
State may erect and maintain an ex
position building, in which may be ex
hibited the products of the several
counties of the State and in which the
collection made by the State Mining
Bureau may be maintained and ex
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build
ing.
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement
of the proposed location of such work
of art, shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners;
nor shall such work of art. until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon,
or allowed to extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni
cipal building or other public place be
longing to the City and County. The
Board may require a complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub
mitted. The term "work of-art" as used
in this section shall apply to and in
clude all paintings, mural decorations,
stained glass, statues, bas-reliefs or
other sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures of a
permanent character, intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and County shall be removed,
relocated or altered in any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
When so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public Works, or she Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers, in respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges,
approaches, gates, fences, lamps or
other stFUctures erected or to be erect
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines,
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and In respect of arches,
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
tion or private individual and which
shall extend over or upon any street,
avenue, highway, park or public place
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place in the City and County.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall pro
vide all necessary money for the main
tenance, preservation and Improve
ment of said parks, squares, avenues
and grounds, and to that end shall an
nually levy a tax on all property in the
City and County not exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not to less than five
cents nor more than seven cents upon
each one hundred dollars assessed
valuation of said property.
ARTICLE XV.
BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
SECTION 1. Officers of the City and
County, before entering upon the dis
charge of their official duties, shall
respectively give and execute to the
City and County such official bonds as
may be required by law, ordinance or
this Charter . When the amount of any
bond is not fixed by law or by this
Charter, it shall be fixed by an ordi
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved fry the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond it
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond, in the office
of the Recorder, in a book kept for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept in the office of the
County Clerk. r he bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept in the
office of the Auditor.
Sec. 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, in
the following sums:
Mayor, twenty-five thousand dollars:
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand ■ dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars* District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty- five thousand
dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten
thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
thousand dollars; each School Director,
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
Police Commissioner, five thousand dol
lars; each Election Commissioner, ten
thousand dollars; Property Clerk of
Police Department, ten thousand dcrl
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars. ■
Sec. 3. City and County officers shall
not be accepted as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be,
imposed upon or required of him by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of
office he will surrender to his successor
all property, books, papers, and docu
ments that may come into his posses
sion as such officer. Such bond must
also be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify in the
amount required for said bond; but
when the amount of the bond is more
than five thousand dollars, the sureties
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-five hun
dred dollars. When there are more
than two sureties, such sureties may
Justify in an amount which in the ag
gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec. 4. Every surety upon an official
bond, other than lawfully authorized
surety companies, must make an affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon
such bond, "that he is a resident and \
freeholder in the City and County, and
worth in property situated in the City
and County, exclusive of incumbrances
thereon, double the amount of his un
dertaking over and above all sums for
which he is already liable or in any
manner bound, whether as principal,
indorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty it is to approve the bond.
See. 5. When under any of the pro
visions of this Charter, or of any ordi
nance, an official bond shall be required
from an officer, the Supervisors may.
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever, in the opinion of
such board, such bond or any surety
thereto becomes insufficient; and such
additional bond shall also he required
when a surety to a bond shall die or
cease to be a resident of the City and
County.
Sec. 6. Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the acts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employees, appointed by him, and
of any and each of them, and every of
ficial bond shall contain such a condi
tion.
Sec. 7. Every board, department or |
officer may require of their deputies, !
clerks or employees bonds of indemnity
with sufficient sureties for the faithful
performance of their duties.
ARTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever they occur in this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of them is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer, '<
as the case may be, vt the City and
County of San Francisco.
Sec. 2. AH deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and i
County must be citizens of the United :
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside in the City and County
and must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sec. 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission erf
the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of .any officer violating the
same.
Sec. 4. Any person holding a salaried
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any, other salaried office
under the government of the United
States, or of this State, or who shall
hold any other salaried office connected
with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or indirect
ly, interested in. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business, or
in the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or In the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to, or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person in this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap
pointed, acquire an interest in any con
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved
upon him by law. he shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected, ap
pointed or employed In the service of
the City and County; and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun
ty-
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any. por
tion of his compensation, or any money,
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of being, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment; and if any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and disqualified from
. -
being elected, appointed or employed in
the service of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while in office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity in money,
or other valuable thing, either directly
or indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position as employee
or subordinate under him, shall forfeit
his office, and be forever debarred and
disqualified from holding any position
in the service of the City and County,
Sec. 9. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
der to the Mayor within one month af
ter the end of each fiscal year a full re
port of all the operations of such de»
partment or board or commission for
such year.
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
when the incumbent thereof dies, re
signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
felony, or of an offense involving a vio
lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be ?\
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to qualify within the time pre
scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have been absent from the State
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every officer who shall ap
prove, allow or pay any demand on the
treasury not authorized by law, ordi
nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
the City and County individually and
on his official bond for the amount of
the demand so illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. The departments, boards,
commissioners and officers provided for
in this Charter shall be entitled to the
possession of all papers, books, docu
ments, maps, plats, records and ar
chives in the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are
superseded in office under this Charter
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec. 13. AH books and records of
every office and department shall bt>
open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours. Cer
tified copies or extracts from said books
and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same in custody to any
person demanding the same, and pay
ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; but the records of the Policy
Department shall not be subject to
such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
in the forenoon until four o'clock in
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
o'clock in the afternoon; and. in ad
dition thereto, from the first day of
November until the last Monday of De
cember in each year the office of the
Tax Collector shall Le kept open until
nine o'clock In the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
uty in any office or department, who
has been found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
crime or who in any capacity has em
bezzled public funds.
Sec. 16. The fiscal year mentioned in
this Charter' shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti
eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
tnse of the City and County, coming into
the hands of any officer of the City and
County, shall immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
for cause; and any appointed officer
may be removed by thu Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
person to discharge the duties of the
office during the period of such sus
pension.
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall sus
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board is not in session he
shall immediately call a session of the
same in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of 'the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board in his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not loss than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on its record, the
action of the Mayor is approved, then
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office; but if the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from office,
he shall immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered in the record of its proceedings.
Sec. 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the rifcht to re
move any jerson so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any provision of this Charter must be
made in writing and in duplicate, au
thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor.
Sec. 23. Wherever it is provided in
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or commission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
terms of office shall expire at different
times, such members shall, on the day
of making such classification, cause the
same to be entered in the records of
their proceedings, and a copy thereof,
certified by the Secretary thereof and
signed by all of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors.
In every case such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
Board.
Sec. 24. Every officer and every mem
ber of any board or committee provided
for in this Charter shall have the power
to administer oaths and affirmations,
and every such board, officer or com
mittee shall have power to Issue subpe
nas, to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and documents,
and to take and hear testimony concern
ing any matter or thing pending before
any such board, officer or committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
by such subpena, or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any question
which any officer or a majority of such
board or committee shall decide to be
proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed in contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee Bhall have
power to take the proceedings in that
behalf provided by the general laws of
this State. The Chief of .Police must,
on request of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subp^nas.
Sec. 25. All publications provided for
In this Charter must be made In the
official newspaper only.
Sec. 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not in actual use or
enjoyment, or which the grantees
thereof have not in good faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and of no validity un
less said grantees or their assigns shall,
within six months after this Charter
takes effect, in good faith commence
the exercise and enjoyment of such
privilege or franchise.
Sec. 27. All ordinances or resolutions
for the improvement of any street for
which no contract shall have been en
tered into at the time this Charter
takes effect are hereby repealed.
Sec. 28. All ordinances, orders and
resolutions of the Supervisors of the
City and County in force at the time
this Charter takes effect, and not in
consistent therewith, shall continue in
force until amended or repealed.
Sec. 29. When the Supervisors shall
determine that the public interest re
quires the construction or acquisition
of any permanent municipal building or
improvement, the cost of which in ad
dition to the other expenses of the
City and County will exceed the income
and revenue provided for the City and
County for any one year, they must by
ordinance passed Ly the affirmative vote
of not less than fourteen members oi"
the Board, submit a proposition to in
cur a bonded indebtedness for such
purpose to the electors of the City and
County at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the provis
ions of this Charter providing for the
acquisition of public utilities, so far as
the same are applicable, shall apply to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to the electors, to the limiiations
of said bonded indebtedness, to the is
suance and character of the same, and
to the time when and the kind of
money in which said bonded in
debtedness shall be payable. The pro.
ceeds of the sales of such bonds shall
be paid into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Sec. 30. Every assistant deputy oi
other subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such depart
ment, board or office as his chief may
assign him to.
Sec. 31. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he is a member of such Board, ob
for one year thereafter.
Sec. 32. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners,
and no officer, subordinate or employee
of the Police Department or of the Fire
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan convention the purpose • of
which is to nominate candidates for
office: nor shall either of them directly
or indirectly electioneer, by soliciting
votes or otherwise, for or against any
candidate for office at any election, or
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del
egate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which is
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election; nor in any way
attempt to influence or control such
committee, club or organization, \vhi!«
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates: nor take any part in the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer:
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner influence the action
of any officer, subordinate or employ. >c
of either of said departments at any
general, special or primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment. If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member; and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then the
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty of such viola
tion, must remove such officer, employee
or subordinate; and if such Board fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all member? of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused.
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service.
Sec- 34. The salaries, provided in this
Charter shall be in full compensation
for all services rendered, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands as such officer, no matter
from what source derived or received,
into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty-four hours af
ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor therefor,
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make Investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary he
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employees;
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and provide for the com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
Sec. 36. At any time between the first
day of December, in the year one.
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, in
the year nineteen hundred, the person
who. at the election held under this
Charter in the month of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and County, shall make all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him. and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after the
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and Coun
ty holding by appointment under ex
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time.
Sec. 37. The balance remaining in the
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Common School Fund cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining in the Library Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to the Library
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining in the Park Improve
ment Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Park Fund created by this
Charter. The balance remaining in the
Unapportioned Fee Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect shall forthwith
be transferred to the Unapportioned
Fee Fund created by this Charter. The
balance remaining in the Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Police Relief and
Pension Fund created by this Charter.
The balance remaining in the Surplus
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect shall forthwith be transferred to
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. The balance remaining in the Spe
cial Deposit Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund
created by this Charter. The balance
remaining in the General Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, the
balance remaining in the Street Light
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Street Department Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect, the balance
remaining in the Police Contingent
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter takes effect, and the balance re
maining in the Special Fee Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, shall
each, and every one of them be forth
with transferred to the General Fund
created by this Charter. Out of the18
said General Fund shall be paid, a* Is ;
this section hereinafter provided, all
the expenses of the various depart
ments of the City and County except
such expenses as are by this Charter
to be paid out of the Funds specifically
provided for the payment of such ex
penses For the six months ending on
the thirtieth day of June, in the year
nineteen hundred, each and every of
said departments shall expend the
moneys set apart to each of them by
the Board of Supervisors of the existing :
municipality. So much of said moneys
Bet apart by said Board of Supervisors j
to the Superintendent of Public Streets,
Highways and Squares for the fiscal
year ending on said thirtieth day of
June, in the year nineteen hundred, as 1
shall remain unexpended at the time ,
this Charter takes effect, shall be ex- ,
pended during said six months by the
Board of Public "Works in the opera- I
tinns of the department committed to j
Its charge. All the expenses of the City
and County which are not to be paid out
of specific funds shall be paid during:
said six months out of the General
Fund. Should the moneys set apart
by the Board of Supervisors of the ex
isting municipality to any department
of the City and County become or be
exhausted at any time during said six
months, or should any department cre
ated by this Charter have no money
specifically provided for it during said
eJx months, then in each such case the
expenses thereof shall be paid out of
the General Fund, notwithstaTia 1 ■
anything contained in sections six and
■even of Chapter I of Article 111 of this
Charter. Such pensions as may accrue to :
firemen under Article TX of this Char
ter during said six months shall be paid
out of the General Fund. The existing i
■municipality mentioned in this section j
Is the rxistlna: municipality of the City |
and County of Pan Francisco, and the
several funds which are to be trans- ;
ferrpd a? in this section provided are '
funds of said existing municipality. All I
the funds of said existing municipality ;
not mentioned in this section, and
which are authorized by law, shall be j
continued in the treasury until the ne- j
cesstty 'or their continuance ceases.
■-■ Sec." 3S. TV'hen the necessity for
maintaining any Fund of the City and
County in existence at the time this
Charter takes effect has ceased to ex- j
Ist, and a balance remains in such ,
Fund, the Supervisors shall so declare
by ordinance, and upon such declara
tion such balance shall be forthwith
transferred to the General Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Charter shall be published for
tw-enty days in The San Francisco Call
ftnd in the Daily Report, daily news
papers of general circulation in the
City and County of San Francisco, and
after such publication, viz. : on Thurs
day, the twenty-sixth day of May, in
tne year one thousand eight hundred
and ninety-eight, it shall be submitted
to the qualified electors of said City
and County of San Francisco, at a spe
cial election which shall be held on that
day, for the sole purpose of voting upon
the adoption of the same; and if a raa-
Jority of the qualified electors of said
City and County voting at said election
shall .ratify the same it shall be sub
mitted to the Legislature of the State
•of California for its-approval or rejec
tion. If the Legislature shall approve
the same, it shall take effect and be in
force, except as hereinafter otherwise
provided, on and after the hour of noon
on the first Monday after the first, day
of January !n the year nineteen hun
dred, and shall thereupon become the
Charter and organic law of the City
and County of San Francisco, and shall
supersede the existing Charter of said
.City and County, and all amendments
thereof, and all laws inconsistent with
this Charter.
■ The form of ballots at sail election
shall be as follows:
FOR THE NEW CHARTER, TZB.
FOR THE NEW CHARTER. NO.
For the sole purposes of the election
of the officers directed in this Charter
to be elected by the prople, this Char
■. t'er' shall take effect on and after its
■approval by the Legislature, and the
election of such officer.! shall be man
aped, conducted and controlled by the
Board of Election Commissioners in
and for said City and County in office
at the time of such election.
And for the sole other purpose of the
Mayor elected under this Charter mak
ing the appointments provided in this
Charter to be made by hii.i, and of the
qualification of the persons so ap
pointed, this Charter shall take effect
on the first day of December, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-nine.
BE IT KNOWN. That the City and
County of San Francisco, containing a
population of more than two hundred
thousand i-.ihabitants, on the twenty
peventh day of December, in the year
one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-seven, and under and in ac
cordance with the provisions of Sec
tion S. of Article XI. of the Constitu
tion of this State, did elect the under
signed a Board of Fifteen Freeholders,
to prepare and propose a Charter for
said City and County; and we. the
members of said Board, in pursuance
of such provisions of the Constitution,
and within a period of ninety days
after such election, have prepared and
do propose the foregoing, signed in
duplicate, as and for the Charter for
paid City and County of San Fran
cjsco.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands in duplicate.
this twenty-fifth day of March, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-eight.
JOSEPH BRITTON. President.
JEROME A. ANDERSON.
JAMES BUTLER.
H. N. CLEMENT.
A. COMTE, Jr..
ALFRED CRIDGE,
L. R. ELLERT.
ISIDOR GUTTE.
p. h. McCarthy,
JOHN NIGHTINGALE, Jr.,
. JOHN C. NOBMANN.
JOSEPH O'CONNOR.
LIPPMANN SACHS.
EDWARD R. TAYLOK.
A. W. THOMPSON.
Attest: J. RICH'D FREUD.
Secretary.
CUTS THE THROAT OF
HER SIX CHILDREN.
Horrible Crime Preceding 1 tne Suicide
of a Woman in Tasmania.
VICTORIA. April 3.— News is brought
from Tasmania by tho steamship Miowera
of a terrible tragedy at Triabunno,
Spring Bay. Mrs. Glover, wife of a con
stable, suddenly disappeared with her
seven children. Search was made and it
led to the finding of six of the children
with their throats cut. The bodies were
horribly mutilated. The body of the
mother was found in the sea about a mile
from where the bodies of the children
were discovered.
At the inquest held over the bodies of
the children the jury found they had met
death at their mothers hands while she
was lnsano. Mrs. Glover was given to
melancholia and for some time previous
to the tragedy had acted strangely.
Barbecue for the Voters.
SANTA BARBARA, April 3.-The last
• gun in the campaign preceding the elec
tion of city officials, which will take
plage to-morrow, was fired to-day. A
grand barbecue was held not far from the
city limits. Hundreds of voters were
present, and speeches were made for the
candidates for Mayor— E. M. Burke and
H. B. Brastow. Two bullocks were roast
ed. Burke is a young man 2S years old,
and Is now Deputy County Tax Collector.
Brastow has held a number of prominent
positions and is now retired from busi
ness. Tne contest between these two
mer> promises to be quite warm.
C I
A MOVE FOR BETTER LIGHTS.
The Merchants' Association Makes a Strong
Effort to Get the Board of Super
visors to Act.
The Merchants' Association, through its vice-president, A. S. Baldwin, has
prepared and sent to the Board of Supervisors the following petition and report
of Superintendent King regarding the better lighting of the business streets of
the city:
In view of the fact that a new contract for lighting the Btreet9 of this city will
begin August 1. IS9S. we beg to -v.....-it herewith a plan for Improving the lighting of
our business streets, and respectfully petition your honorable board to provide In th»
specinYattons for the new contract for lighting our business streets with electricity
Instead of gas, in the manner set forth In the report presented herewith.
In presenting this plan and request, we desire to represent to your honorable board
that, during the previous year, the property owners and merchants, on certain business
streets, voluntarily subscribed over $14,412 25 tor the purpose of giving a practical experi
ment of lighting the business streets with electricity. The results of this experiment
were so conclusive that the demand is now universal for the use of electricity instead
of gas on business streets and that these lights should burn every night during the
year.
As further evidence of the public feeling in this matter, we herewith present a peti
tion signed by a number of taxpayers, engaged in business on the streets It Is pro
posed to light, asking that the business streets be lighted by electric lights Instead of
gaa lamps, and that the lights burn every night during the year. We also present a copy
of the resolutions unanimously adopted at the general meeting of the members of the
Merchants* Association May 20, 1897.
Therefore, the Merchants" Association respectfully asks that the following provisions
be included in the specifications for the next contract beginning August 1, 1898:
First — That the business streets of this city, together with Folsom
ptreet, Golden Gate avenue and Van Ness avenue, be lighted by elec
tricity instead of gas, in accordance with the plan presented herewith.
o^cond — That these lights be burned every night during the year.
Third — That the city be divided into separate lighting districts,
and that the contracts for lighting each district be let separately.
Fourth — That the contractois to whom the electric lighting con
tracts are awarded shall place end maintain upon all electric light
poles, which are or may hereafter be placed at the crossings or intersec
tions of streets and alleys, the names of said streets or alleys.
Fifth — That, in order to permit proper competition in bidding for
street lighting, and that the successful bidders may have sufficient
time in which to make the necesssary arrangements for assuming
their contracts, the proposals for street lighting be advertised not less
than ninety days before the expiration of the present contract, and the
contracts be awarded not less than sixty days preceding the expiration
of the present contract.
REPORT OF SUPERINTENDENT L. M. KING TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
THE MERCHANTS 1 ASSOCIATION.
Gentlemen: Pursuant to your request for a practical plan of a general system of
electric lighting- on the business streets of the city, instead of the present Inadequate
system of gas lighting, with the view of having such a plan made a part of the speci
fications for street lighting In the new contract to commence August 1, IS9B, I beg to
submit herewith the following report and plan for such a system.
The plan proposed Is similar to the one previously presented to the board, but modi
fled to meet the possibilities arising from the fact that a new contract Is now to be let.
The leading principle of this system is that of suspending an arc light in the center
of each crossing of all the business streets of the city, and dispensing with the ad
jacent gas lamps, -which will thereby be rendered unnecessary. This applies not only to
the business streets In the central portion of the city, but also to those in the Mission,
Western Addition and North Beach districts.
The exceptions to this rule are Market street, certain blocks south of Market street,
and a few blocks In the wholesale district, which will be referred to later on. Busi
ness streets are considered to be all those streets throughout the city upon which a
majority of the frontage Is occupied by business houses which remain open during the
In addition to the regular business streets. It Is also proposed to place electric lights
at each crossing on Golden Gate avenue from Market to Devisadero, and on Folsom from
Third to Twenty-sixth, and on Van Ness avenue from Market to Broadway. It seems
very desirable that one of the main thoroughfares to the park, and to the Mission, and
through the Western Addition, should be well lighted, and thus made attractive to per
sons driving and riding bicycles at night. In this connection, I would call attention to
the fact that Folsom street, from Nineteenth to Twenty-sixth. Is at present lighted in this
manner and it is only necessary to compare this portion of Kolsom street with that
jM.rtl.->n'from Third to Nineteenth, to realize the advantage of using electric lights mc
"one"on those streets south of Market, where the blocks ore 550 feet In length. It seems
only right that on the main business streets, such as Third, Fourth. Fifth. Sixth, Ninth
ami Sixteenth, an additional lipht should be placed In the middle of each block, thus
making these lights the same distance apart as on the short bli>oks north of Market.
Dupont and other strepts In Chinatown are not Included in this schedule for the rea
son that on account of the many dark alleys, it is necessary to have many lights well
distributed, and this can be done better with gas lamps.
The wholesale commission district, north of California, and the foundry district, south
of Market, are not included in this schedule, as little If any business is done there at
night That portion of the wholesale district bounded by Market, California and San
some being traveled by many people going to and from the ferries, will have electric
lights on even' other crossing, and gas lamps on the Intermediate crossings.
It is proposed to suspend all of these lights, except those on Van Ness avenue, from
span wires over the center of each crossing. Different electric light authorities, who have
been consulted, are unanimous In their opinions that. In order to properly illuminate
streets the light should be suspended in the middle, rather than on one side. The objec
tion to this method on account of the wires and poles will hardly obtain, as the lights,
when so placed, can be lighted from underground circuits as easily as from overhead.
The necessary poles at the crossings are. to a great extent, already In position. In any
ca«e it requires only an additional pole and a span of wire to each block, which Is not
FO~niuch of an obstruction as would be poles with mast arms of the size necessary to
suspend the light In the middle of the crost-ing. Light Iron mast arms may be gradually
substituted In future years, but to do so now will result In a very large Increase In the
cost Out of 171 cities, from which we have data. 117 use span wires. On account of the
great width of Van Ness avenue, and the width of the sldewaik there, it Is proposed to
place the lights on this street on neat Iron poles to be located alternately on each side of
the street crossings.
The lighting of Market street has been most carefully considered, and
the following plan is presented as the one best adapted to the purpose
without incurring a very large additional expense.
It is proposed to install fifty arc lights on Market street from the
ferries to Valencia street. These lights are to be placed upon orna
mental iron poles, and are to be arranged alternately on each side of
the street in the positions indicated on Map No. 3, accompanying this
report. This plan will afford a very satisfactory general illumination
of the street, and while I believe that, in order to be most effective,
the lights should be suspended over the street, as near the center as
possible, yet, such a method will, unless span wires are used, necessi
tate the using of costly mast arms, which will entail so much addi
tional expense that it is not recommended for the present occasion.
A careful examination of the location and number of electric lights now In use by the
cltv shows that the greater number of these lights are. at present, located In the out
lvlhg portions of the city, and In some cases, such as Kentucky street, San Bruno road.
Minion street and Point I^obos avenue, extend for several miles. Owing to the expense
of maintaining poles and wires to such distances for a limited number of lights, the
c!U of lighting these portions of the city must necessarily be greater than the cost of
lighting the central portions of the city, .which are nearer the source of supply. It, there
fore seems very desirable that, In the new contract about to be let, the city should
be divided Into several lighting districts, and that the contract fOT each district be let
separately. This will, under proper competition, show about what It actually costs to
light different portions of the city. It -will also permit more competition In city lighting.
There may be responsible parties who wnuM desire to bid for the lighting of one or more
districts, "but who do not care to undertake the lighting of the entire city. A division
of the city, and the competition thereby made possible, will bring the cost of lighting
down to what it Is actually worth, and will be certain to meet with the approval of
citizens in general.
The districts into which It is proposed to divide the city are as follows:
District No. I— Beginning at the intersection of Market and East streets, alonr. and
Including. Market to Ridley; along, and Including, Ridley to Mission: along, and includ
ing Thirteenth to Division; along, and including. Division to Channel; along, and In
cluding, Channel to the bay; along the bay line to the point of beginning, at East and
District No. 2— Beginning at the Intersection of Market and Fast streets, along, and
not including. Market to Ridley; along, and Including Ridley westerly to Devisadero;
along, and Including. Devlsadero to the bay;' along the bay line to the point of begin
ning, at East and Market.
District No. 3— Beginning at the northerly termination of • Devisadero. along, but not
Including. Devisadero to Ridley; along, and Including, Ridley to Buena Vista avenue;
along and including, Buena Vista avenue south of Buena Vista Park, to Frederick street;
along and including, Frederick to Stanyan; along, and Including. Ptanyan to Fulton:
along" and Including, Fulton to the ocean; along the ocean and bay line to the point of
District No. ♦— Beginning at the easterly termination of Channel street, along, but not
Including, Channel to Division: along, hut not Including. Division to Thirteenth; along, but
not including. Thirteenth tn Ridley; along, but not Including, Ridley to Buena Vista ave
nue to Frederick: along, but not including, Frederick to H street: along, and including,
H street to the ocean: along the ocean line to the San Mateo County line; along the
San Mateo County line to the bay; along the bay line to the point of beginning.
The total number of npw electric lights to be lnstallpd on the business streets under
these schedules Is 320. and the total number of gas lamps which would be dispensed with
is 11*2, or an average of nearly four gas lamps for each plectric light installed.
While the present rates of gas and electricity are excessive, and will undoubtedly be
reduced if the city Is divided Into districts and prop»r competition made possible, yt in
order to estimate "what will be the maximum cost of this Improvement. I have taken the
rates for the present contract as the basis upnn which to make these estimates. :
Cort per night of 3*» electric lights nt ES cents $ 180 93
Cost pef night of 1182 gas lamps at 12 cents 141 g*
Extra cost per right of electric lights 39 n
Extra cost per year of 365 nights $14,276 15
In other words it will, at the maximum, cost only $14,275 15 per
year to have all the business streets, in all parts of 'the city, well
lighted every night in the year by electricity instead of the glimmering
gas lamps, as at present, even if the rates are not reduced. The rates
should be reduced to such an extent that this proposed improvement
could be effected without increasing the appropriation.
The present contract xcl»h the city provides that the minimum number of gas lamps
■which the city will maintain shall be MOO. It is recommended that In the new contract
this minimum shall be 3T.00. In order to permit additional electric lights to be installed
In the residence district, when it is desirable to do so, and enough gas lamps can be dis
placed to cover the cost of the electric llehts so Installed.
It Is recommended that the names of streets shall be placed, as at present, upon the
ran lamps at street crossings and intersections, and that at all crossing and intersec
tions, at which electric, lights are placed, the names of the streets shall be placed and
maintained upon one of the poles upon which the electric light Is placed or from which
It is suspended. In the past, when pas lamps have been taken down and electric lights
substituted, no street signs have been provided by the company.
FRATERNAL SOCIETIES.
THE DEGREE OF HONOR.
The Grand Lodge of the ppgrof of
! Honor, an auxiliary of the Ancient Order
I of United Workmen, will meet in th»s
I city this week. On the evening of next
\ Thursday there will be an informal re
i ception to the delegates tendered by the
i grand body, on which occasion the initia
| tory work will be exemplified by the well
! known drill team of Ivy Lodge of Oak
i land, the members of the team being in
i full costume. This will be for members
of the degree only, and will commence at
i 8 o'clock. At half past 9 o'clock the doors
will be opened to the public, and all will
be welcomed to listen to an excellent pro
gramme that will be presented.
COMPANIONS OF FOREST, A. O. F.
The convention of 1898. composed of rep
resentatives from all the local circles of
the Companions of the Forest, F. O. A..
held a meeting In the Alcazar building
last Saturday night to make arrange
ments to entertain the delegates to the
Grand Circle that is to meet in this city
next June. Tho sub-committees reported
progress in the matter of the theater
party and the picnic, and after adjourn
ment Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Emma
Harrington called a special meeting of
the team that has been selected for the
purpose of exemplifying the initiatory
work before delegates to the Grand
Circle. The team, for its first drill, did
very well indeed, but after two or three
more lessons each officer will have her
part perfect, and the guides will do the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APKIL 4, 1898.
floor work so perfectly that no one will
be able to find fault with it.
LA ESTRELLA PARLOR, N. D. G. W.
The at home by the members of La Es
trella Parlor to its friends in its hall in
Native Sons' building last Saturday
night was another of those delightful so
cial affairs for which this, the star par
lor of the order, is noted. There was a
pood attendance and there was a short
informal programme of music and lit
erature, which was prouuetive of a great
deal of pleasure for the young folks as
well as for the older ones. After that
there was a dance until midnight
Tnu a £ e< ;t nt meetln & ot thJ s parlor Miss
Time Rothman was presented a hand
some sofa pillow in recognition of valu
able services she rendered at a previous
entertainment given by the parlor
RINCON PARLOR'S HliiH JINKS.
Rincon Parlor No. 72 of the Native Sons
of the Golden West entertained a large
number of its friends last Saturday night
at an unusually interesting high jinks In
the banquet hall of the Native Sons'
building. There were present about four
hundred persons, who enjoyed a most ex
cellent programme of music, songs, reci
tations and anecdotes, to say nothing of
the pjpes, tobacco and collation that was
served between numbers. The members
of this parlor are good entertainers, and
they will keep up their reputations at the
picnic to be given in the Santa Cruz
Mountains on the 17th lnst, under the
auspices of its drill corps.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
j Klsts refund the money Jf It fails to euro. 25c
| The genuine baa L. B. Q. on each tablet.
NEWS OF THE
REGULAR ARMY
Changes of Officers and
Men During the
Week.
Students to Be Graduated and
Assigned to Duty at
Once.
Promotions and Appointments— Prac
tice Drills— A One-Sided
Ball Game.
Captain J. H. Dorst, Fourth Cavalry, has
been appointed military attache to the
Secretary of War. Captain Dorst is well
known in San Francisco, having served a
tour of duty at the Presidio.
Colonel James M. Moore, assistant
quartermaster-general, United States
Army, and chief quartermaster, Depart
ment of California, returned last Thurs
day from San Diego, where he has been
on public business pertaining to water
transportation required in connection
with the mounting of guns at Ballast
Point.
First Lieutenant Frank O. Ferris, Com
pany C, First Infantry, has been detailed
as recorder of the examining board at the
Presidio, vice First Lieutenant Charles
D. Palmer, who has been transferred
from the Third to the Sixth Artillery,
with station at Fort McHenry, Ma.
By direction of the Secretary of War
First Lieutenant Edwin B. Babbitt, Ord
nance Department, Benicia Arsenal, will
make four visits to the works of the Cali
fornia Powder Company, at Santa Cruz,
on official business in connection with
the inspection of powder.
Chaplain G. G. Mullins, United States
Army, retired, at present a resident of
Los Angeles, visited San Francisco last
week. Chaplain Mullins registered at the
Occidental.
Captain Alexander Rodgera, Fourth
Cavalry, who was recently appointed
military attache at Paris, France, sailed
for England March ft on the bteamship
New York.
First Lieutenant Frank Greene, signal
officer, Department of California, has
been directed to report to Colonel Marcus
P. Miller, Third Artillery, president of
the examining board at the Presidio, for
examination a.s to his fitness for promo-
tion.
First Lieutenant John D. Barrette has
been transferred from the Third to the
Seventh Artillery. Lieutenant Barrette
left the Presidio iast Friday for his new
station at Fort Slocum, N. V.
First Lieutenant Alexander S. Porter,
assistant surgeon, United States Army, at
present on leave in Phoenix, Arizona, has :
been ordered to San Diego Barracks for ;
duty. _ T
First Lieutenant Francis E. Lacey Jr.. ;
Company B, First Infantry, Bemcia Bar- :
racks, and Hiram McL. Powell, Company
A. First Infantry, Presidio, who have |
been" in the Held for several months past
in connection with the preparation or the
progressive military map ordered by the i
Secretary of War, left Santa Barbara
Friday night on the steamer Pomona for (
San Francisco. They arrived at the Pre- j
sidio yesterday. , , !
The following named student officers of
the Third Artillery, attending the Artll
tery School at Fort Monroe, \a,,will be
graduated immediately in order that they
may be at once assigned to duty with sea
coast batteries: First Lieutenants H. R.
Lemly and J. K. Cree; Second Lieuten
ants G H. McManus and K. Morton.
Captain H. R. R. Loughborough Iwen- ,
tv-ilfth Infantry, who has been visiting in
Los Angelas on leave of absence, passed j
through San Francisco last Thursday re- ,
turning to his station at Fort Missoula,
Mont. The captain stated that the Twen
ty-fifth, which is a colored regiment, has
been transferred to the Department of
the Gulf, with stations at Dry Tortugas
and Tampa. Fort Missoula will shortly
Orders have' issued from military head- i
quarters in this city directing General
William R. Shafter, department comman
der accompanied by First Lieutenant
John D. Miley. Fifth Artillery, aid. to
proceed to San Diego Barracks and Bal
last Point for the purpose of : making in
spections thereat. General Shafter left
on Saturday evening and Lieutenant
Miley will leave to-day.
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A.
R gave an entertainment in Red Mens
building assembly hall last week. The
feature of the evening was a concise in
teresting address on "The Defense of San
Francisco " by Major Edward Field,
Artillery inspector of the Department of
The regular monthly inspection and
muster of troops at the Presidio took
place Thursday morning at 9:30 o clock.
Payments to troops on the muster of
March 31. 1898, are assigned to officers of
the Pay Department as follows: Lieu
tenant Frank M. Coxe. Deputy Pay
master-General Angel Island, Alcatraz
Island, Fort Baker, Benicia Barracks and
Bentcia Aresnal. Major John S. Witcher,
Paymaster Presidio, Fort Mason and San
Diego Barracks.
The garrison at the Presidio was in
creased last week by the arrival of Bat
tery I Third Artillery, from Angel Island.
Battery I will remain for temporary duty
as part of the garrison of the Fort Point
fortifications. It is quartered in one of
the vacant sets of barracks.
There are three applicants at the Pre
sidio for the position of Commissary Ser
geant, United States army: Sergeants
Richard Weege, Troop K. Fourth Cav
alry; Albin E. Strom. Battery A, Third
Artillery, and John Salter. Company E.
First Infantry. The following named offi
cers compose the examining board to re
port upon the qualifications of the candi
dates: Lieutenant-Colonel William H.
Bisbee, First Infantry; Captain Ramsay
D. Potts, Third Artillery, and First Lieu
tenant Leon S. Roudlez, First Infantry.
The examinations will probably be con
cluded to-day.
Private John Fisher, Company E, First
Infantry, Presidio, has been transferred
to Troop B, Fourth Cavalry , also sta
tioned at the Presidio.
The detachment of Battery G. Third
Artillery, that has been on detached duty
at the Presidio for tha past month mount
ing guns, has returned to its proper sta
tion at Angel Island.
Private David S. Mack, Company F,
Fifteenth Infantry, now on furlough at
Vancouver Barracks, Wash., has been
transferred to Battery M, Third Artillery,
stationed at Fort Canby, Wash. ,
By direction of the Secretary of "War,
upon the request of the Board of Com
missioners of the Soldiers' Home in the
District of Columbia, Charles C. Hart,
late private Battery L. Third Artillery,
will be sent from Los Angeles to Wash
ington for admission to the Home.
Pursuant to authority from the Major-
General commanding the army, furloughs
have been granted the following enlisted
men stationed at the Presidio: Four
I months to Sergeant Michael Feehan,
Company C, First Infantry, with permis
sion to leave the United States, to take
effect after his re-enlistment; four
months to Artificer Charles Stevenson,
Company A. First Infantry.
Private John A. Blackstock, Company
H, First Infantry, has been tried by a
general court martial at the Presidio and
found guilty of drunkenness on duty and
absence from post school. He was sen
j tenced to forfeit to the United States $10
of his pay per month for a period of two
months.
Private Schlitzer, Company G, First In
fantry, has been appointed a corporal in
the same company.
Last week the following promotions
■were made in Troop I, Fourth Cavalry, at
the Presidio: Corporal C. F. Dresser pro
moted sergeant; Lance Corporal A. W.
Bode promoted corporal.
The following appointments were made
in Light Battery C. Third Artillery: Pri
vates Gustave Wanderlich. Henry Miller,
William Grambow and John H. Fisher to
be corporals.
The cavalry troops expect to be
through carbine practice by the middle of
this month. About that time Troop X,
Captain H. C. Benson, and Troop C, Cap
tain George H. G. Gale, will leave for the
Tosemite, Sequoia and General Grant
parks to do patrol duty.
Ex-Hospital Steward Otto Schmidt of
the Presidio, who was recently retired,
has accepted a clerical position in the
engineer department of the army. His
new field of duty will occupy his time at
Angel Island and Lime Point.
Many of the enlisted men belonging to
the First Infantry, stationed at the Pre
sidio, who formerly served in artillery
regiments, have made application to be
transferred to the artillery arm of the
eervice.
The following schedule of infantry
drills and Instruction at the Presidio for
the month of April. IS9S, is announced in
a post circular: Monday, company drill;
close order. Tuesday, battalion drill;
close order. Wednesday, regimental
drill; close order. Thursday, practice
march and minor tactics. Friday, com
pany in close order, extended order or
minor tactics at discretion of command
ing officers. Mondays, Wednesdays and
Fridays, preliminary drills for target
practice.
A one-sided game of association foot
ball was played Saturday afternoon on
the Presidio grounds between the sol
diers and a team from the Sailors' Insti
tute on Steuart street. From the start it
was apparent that the sailors were no
match for their opponents, who piled up
point afjer point, until at the close of the
Fame the score stood 6 to 0. Dimmic^.,
Keilty and Fernandez, for the soldiers!
and Mclntosh and Williamson, for the
Bailors, did excellent work.
Presidios. Position. Sailors.
Rawlins Goal Kelly
Keilty Back Williamson
Dimmlck Back Hoffman
Fernandez Halfback Sutherland
gcnon Halfback Edwards
ghae Halfback Hastings
omith Forward Miller
Ratchford Forward Hart
McCure Forward Mclntosh
Parker Forward Myers
O Merrle Forward Smith
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Antolne . and Gracie Borel to Clement Reu
ain, lot on S\V corner of Bush and Broderick,
W 34 by S 100; $10. ,
James Linehan or Llnnehan to Isabella Line
nan, lot on NE corner of Sacramento and Lo
cust streets, E 137:6 by N 127:8*4; $10. "
■Ernest J. and Denzil C. Preston and Geral
dlne M. Chamberlain wife of William H.
Chamberlain, to Evelyn E. and Celestine R.
Preston, lot on NW line of Natoma street, 100
Nt, of Eleventh, NE 50 by NW 75; also lot on
N line of Twenty-sixth street, 260 \V of Noe, W
?L X N , 114: also lot on s line of Mission street.
100 E of Eleventh, E 33:4 by S 275; also lot on
fat- line of Minna street, 133:4 NE of Eleventh,
NE 8:4 by SE SO; »1. ■ ■ -
Same to same, assigned air Interest In estate
of Otis J. Preston; $5.
Edouard and Ainlie Genty to Mary E. Schlef
lelin, lot on NW corner of Twenty-fifth and
Folsom streets, N 35, W 95, N 60, W 25, S 95, E
i~o i $10. ■ ' ■ ■
John S. and Sophia E. Morgan to J. S. Mor
gan & Sons (a corporation), lot on SW corner
° f r Twenty-fifth and Mission streets, S 130 by
W 80; grant.
Mary Moore to Maggie R. Young, wife of
Alexander Young, lot on NW line of Twenty
r'"- 1 " r- Btreet ' lbo W of Castro, W 40 by N
T H. Smith, by William Ford, tax collector, to
John G. Klumpke, lot on NV%llne of Folsom
street, NE of Fourth, NE 50, NW 80, NE 25,
NW 15, SW.BO, SE 15, NE 5, SE 80, tax deed;
♦ 19b.
John G. Klumpke to William H. Clark, same,
quitclaim deed; $1800.
Mary E. Coghlin (Moroney) to William Mo
roney, lot on NW line of Freeldn street. 200
"t of Fourth, NE 26 by NW SO; $10.
Marie C. H. Read (wife of H. L.) to Paul M.
-Nljipert, lot on NW line of Tehama street, 200
SW of Fourth, SW 25 by NW 7:.- $10.
W. F. McClure to L. P. Harney. lot on W
line of Seventh avenue, 600 N of Laite street,
N 53:1^, SW 116, S 31:6, E 114; $10.
William J. and Emma C. Gunn to Daniel W.
Saylor, lot on E line of Twelfth avenue, 150 N
of Clement street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Elizabeth G. Flanders to May Keough (wife
of William J.), lot on W line of Fifteenth ave
nue, 176 N of Point Loboe, N 15 by W 120; $10.
Eliza J. Jones to Harry L. Jones, lot on W
line of Fourteenth avenue, 192 N of B street,
N 96 by W 255; $5.
Glsela Kower to Johanna K. Kower, lots
126, 127, 130 and 131, Spring Valley Homestead;
$10.
Owen and Julia B. Moran to Raymond Ben
jamin, lots 11&7, 1189, 1191, 1193 and 1195, Gift
Map 2; $10.
Raymond Benjamin to Jacob Heyman, same,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Joseph W. and Roberta Crowell to same,
same; $10.
Jacob and Llna Heyman (by Oscar Hyman,
attorney) to Isaao B. Price, lot 250, Heyman
Tract; $10.
J. S. Angus, T. G. Crothers and W. S. Good
fellow (executors of estate of James G. Fair)
to John B. Dubose, lot on S line of Cortland
avenue, 100 E of Bennington street, E 25 by
S 112:6. Fairs Subdivision Holly Park; $150.
George M. A. Harker to Charles S. and Wes
ley B. Harker and Mary L. .Derby (wife of
Oscoe), as to estates of Mary A. Harker and
John W. Harker, deed and assignment; .
Same to same, all interest in same; ;i.
Alameda County.
Peter H. Rtubbe to Frederick Chelsen, lot
m E line of Hellen street, 200 Ncf B, S i oby
E 133, teSng subdivisions A and B of lot 3,
block 799, Waits Tract, Map 2, Oakland; $5.
James R. and Helen J. Lamont to Mary
Donovan, lot on N line of Thirty-sixtn street,
160.747 W of Market, W 100.454, N 12K.24, E 300,
S 137.52, to beginning, being lots 21 and 22,
block B. Mrs. E. J. Evoy's property, to
a mortgage for $1000. Oakland Annex; SlO.
Margaret Phillips (wife of William) to
James McManus, lot on E line of Linden street,
with center line Grant street, thence N SO, E
100. S 80, thence at right angles 100 to begin
ning. Map of portion of Miliken property, Oak
land Annex; $10.
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to Pauline
Widmann, lot on N- line of Bristol street, 135.93
E of Highland place, E 50 by N 125, being por
tion of plot S2, Ro. V. and D. Peralta, Berke
ley: »10.
Mary S. Lidell to Charles Warner, lot en
S\V corner of I'leasant and Champion streets.
S 50 by W 125, being lot 1, block D, Corrected
Map of Subdivision nlocks D ana E, Champion
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Mary L. Layrnanoe to Krnt-st Angel, lot on
NE corner Bay aveune and county road, Oak
land to San Leandro: thence N 119 by E 78.45.
being lots 7. S. 9, block A, Hemphill Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
A. \V. and M. R Gamble to Frances J. Kit
termaster (wife of J.), lot on N line of Central
avenue, 494:9-% E from line dividing the Augh
inbaugh 223.374 acre tract irom Chipman E
111.687 acre tract; thence N 148:5$ by E 80.
Alameda; gift.
Aaron E. and Lillian Toung to James "Wash
ington, undivided half interest lot on W line
of Adeline street. 275 S of Thirty-second, S 25
by \V 125:3, block F-607. In Peralta Addition
to Oakland. Oakland: $10.
Ellen Farrel to Richard J. and Lizzie Fen-;
lon. lot on W line of Willow street. 81 N of
Seward N 27 by \V 90, lot 25, block A, Toland
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Central Land Company to Charles P. Davies,
lot on S line of Thirty-sixth street, 476:3 E of
Market. E 40 by S 120:3. block M, Central Land
Company's Tract. Oakland; $10.
Claudlne and George A. Wilson to Minna
Volgmann lot 18, block 602, Scotchler Tract,
map 1. Oakland; $1300.
George W. and Nancy J. Hughes to Thomas
Kerss Jr., lot on E corner of East Eleventfi
street and First avenue, NE 100 by SE 105,
block 27. Clinton, East Oakland; $1.
Thomas Kerss Jr. to William P. and Alice
F. Todd. same, East Oakland; $10.
James P. Punn to Charles Enislie, lot on S
line of Wilder street. GO X of Mabel, E 100 by
S 120. being lots 2S and 29, block A, amended
map of Teachers' Tract. Berkeley; also lot on
SW corner of Wilder and Baker streets. W
128.88. S 40, E 12K.27. N 40.09 to beginning, block
A, same, Berkeley; $10.
Charles Emslle to James P. Dunn, lot on
SW corner of Ward street and Telegraph ave
nue, N 157 :K, S 134:6, E 119:11, N 139:7 to be
ginning, being lots 4, 5 and 6, block F, Leonard
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Edward T. and Lou I. Miller (owners) with
Erlck Boes (contractor); architect nono. All
work for a l^-story frame building on the
S line of Crescent avenue, 25 W of Roscoe
street, W 25 by S 75» lots 1. 2 and 3, Holliday
map 3.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
P ■■■■■■ Jl 'S. S. ZEALANDIA.
IEBHIC trn ' HONOLULU only.
[•»■■■■■• Wednesday. April 6.
y™J>i-^:.V2 p. m Special party
Qj|iimc|l|f\J ra Th S e' S. S. ALAMEDA
Q/IMJIIIJMII/ sails via Honolulu and
- /nITiR?PU» Auckland -, for Sydney
lV|||fJ<j|Uq Wednesday, , April • 20,
•■ ■ '■-■." . .-■■•• at 2p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE." Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. .
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents..
< . 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Of flee— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnle Generate Transatlantique.
i, French Line to Havre. ; /•
Company's Pier mew) 42- North
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <CTfTrTA
by this line f avoid both transit < by 7^™^™
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. -New. York- to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class $160;
second class $llfi. •;.,-'■'. - - ■'"''■^■'■•' '-' ; .:
LA BRETAGNE April 9. 10 a. m.
LA.N0RMAND18...... ;..... ...... -..^.AprU II
LA GA5C0GNE:....... ....... April 23. 10 a. m.
LA champagne.... ;:;...;;.. April 30. 10 a. m.
LA 80URG0GNE. ... .'.*. :rr. . .: . May 7, .10 a. m.
:.' For ' further : particulars apply to > * - - ■ ■;
COMPAGNIE r GENERALE • TRANSATLAN-
: TIQUE. Agent. ■ r->r -::;■'.:: : ' -
' ■ - , ■••, No. 3. Bowling Green.' New York.
. : J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. ■■•■•- , ■■;..■ •-•■.•■..• -'■ S-'-.v;':.^
? FOR U. ;S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO .
" : ;- Steamer "Monticello" : ' ?
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and 5at....-.:..; : ,
9:45 a.* m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays .........'...........1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
5unday5 ...................10:30 a. m. and S p. m.
-. Landing and Of Mission Dock, Pier 2. ~d
■:'■■>•.-■-•:: '■■> •.-■-•: Telejhone. Red 2241. ::r V :
FOR SAN JOSE. LOS 6ATOS and SANTA CFU2
> -■ - Steamer Alviso j leaves Pier 1 daii'y ■ (Sundays
•xcepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso | dally i (Saturdays
1 excepted) at 5 p. m. ■ , Freight j and | Passengers.
; i Fare ■. between ■ San ■ Francisco I and , Alvlso. • 60c: '
to San Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier L- 41 North
First street, San Jose.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
v Several years ago I was troubled with an aggravated case of
dyspepsia and, of course, the first thing I did was to consult a physi-
cian., As I had always enjoyed the best of health I was worried a good
deal over this, my first illness, and my only desire was to get well as
speedily as I could. I took regularly all the medicines as my doctor
prescribed them. In a short time I felt all right, thought I was cured
and stopped taking the medicine. But it wasn't long before I was feel-
ing as badly as ever, and again I had recourse to the doctor. This
kept up for some time until at last I made up my mind I would quit
doctoring and try some of the remedies 1 saw advertised. I had read
so much of Ripans Tabules that I concluded I would give them
a good trial. It said 'one would give relief, 1 and I thought if one
could give relief a whole lot might cure me. I purchased a dollar's
worth, and when I had finished them I was feeling better than I had
for years. I continued to use them, and to-day I believe I am a per-
fectly well man. Once in a great while Ido have a slight touch of
the old malady, but a single Tabule fixes it all right I generalitf
keep a supply at home."
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
, V6^»^_ Steamers leave Broadway
, IJiSgSa^ wharf, San Francisco:
hKSP^JbBI^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
! l£lK\^\ April 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26 May 1,
H^SH Va| transfer at Seattle.
I Ir^t^T'iFfti For Alaskan ports (from
r^^^SlSH Spear Ptreet wharf), 10 a. m.,
' April 8, 18, 23, May 3, transfer
• ™ at Portland. ; Or. ■
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
Bend, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., April 1, 6,
11, 16, 21, 26, May 1, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Seattle .with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. Ky., at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
April 2, 8, 14, 20, 26. May 2, and . every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, . San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los' Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., April 3, 7. 11, 15, 19. 23. 27,
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., April 1, 5, 9, 13, 17. 21, 25, 29. May 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, 'Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., April 12.
and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing. ■
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery . street
(Palace Hotel).
GOODALi., PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO, ~^~
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF f'2 First Class Including Berth
In flu $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California ........Apr. 3, 13, 23. May 3
Columbia ..Apr. 8, 18, 28, May 8
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
• • -, - E. C. WARD, General Agent,
• 630 Market St.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.,
■ Superintendents.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3.' Washington St., at 6
. p. m. daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on to»
Valley Railroad. ■ ■.. ■
STEAMERS"
T. C. WALKER, ' CITY OF STOCKTON.
MART GARRATT. J. D. PETERS.
Telephone Main 805. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlbaron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEIi.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a, m.; UM.
1:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdaj-s#Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m. ■' '
BUNDATS-«:00. 9:10, 11:00 «. m.; 1:18. »-*.
i:00, 6:20 p. m. '
SAN RAFAEIj TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7:60. 9:20, 11:19 a. m.: \
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:1» a. m.: I:4*. I:4*.
6:00, 6:25 p. m. • ':
Between San, Francisco and Bchuetien Park
tame schedule as above. - •.
Leave In PfffH!', -' -Arrive X ;
San Frauctsca Oct2t. ' an Fraricl * *
— . — « - * - 100" ■ " '
7 :80 a.m. 8:00 a.m. . 'Norato, 10:40 a.m. 8:40.-vm.
8:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. Petaluma, 6:10 p.m. '10:25 a.m.
t>:lUp.in. 6:00 p.m. Santa Rosa. 7:35 p.m. 8:23 p.m.
;-• : Fulton,
7 30a.m. ■:;*<?£ Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdsbur?,
Lytton. :
. :. ■'■ Geyßerville,
7:3op.rri. B:ooa.ni. Cloverdalei 7:35 p.m. B :22p.m.
. ■ -..■ i :■■-.... 1 Hopl.-vnd and I r ~- '. ■■ • - ■■■
7 :80 a.m. 181 8 -00a.m. I ■ Uklah. ■ | 7:35 p.m. « :23p.m.
7:80 a.m. - j - -.-': ] ' . 10:25 a.m.
-■; . . 8:00 a.m. Guernavlllo. 7:35 p.m. ' \
8:80 p.m. _. ■ ... , ■-■..•■■ g-.22p.Tn.
?Taoa.m. 8:00 a.m. Sonoma > 10:40 a.m. 8:40a.ooT
, • and . ;
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen.; «:10p.m. 6:22p.ra.
7 :30 a.m. 1 8 :00 a.m. | Sebastc-DOL 10:«0a.m.|10:25a.m.
3:30 p.m. 6:Uop.m. _ P _ I 7:35p.m.| 7:22 p.m.
(Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprings; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale ' for l , the Geysers; at Hopland ■ for
Highland Springs. Kelseyville. - Soda ,< Bay.'
Lakeport i and ;■ Bartlett ;. Springs: at Uklah for
Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. . Hullville, Boon villa.
Orr*s , Hot : Springs, Mendoclno ■ City. ■• Fort
Brass. Westport, ITsal. ■ " ■ : ■?•.,•' • .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. »,•■- ■•-:>•■• ■ - ■ '•-• -■- . ■... ■ . .-• : -■
■ On - Sundays round-trip tickets to all ' points
beyond San i Rafael : at halt - rates. '
Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronicle
fcullding. ■
A. W. FOSTER. * ;•■•■- B. X.' RYAN. .
- Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act. '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
I-?- ; ■■ ■; .i\ Via Sausalito Ferry. :- r ''.*y.-''-'
From San : Francisco, - Commencing ' September
./...' :-.->l!>, ; 1897. ;,':.-;..>■■■,•. ' V '
■-.- ''' "''iWEEK'fIJATS.Vv-*';*'"; ■ ' :
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •7:2s. *»:».
11:80 a. m.; »1:45. 3:45, *5:15. 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra . trips - for San ' Rafael yon - Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:89 p. m. . •;
•'.:■■ -•;..•.--.•, ..--!;?;..:>/!■ SUNDAYS. :>•''.: • ■' -•' •- ■-: ■
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo. , «lt:0a';
•11:30 a. m. ; »1:15. 3:00. r *4:30, 6:15 p..ia. . ,
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. r - i
• o . - THROUGH .TRAINS. . " L. :: .
tJ6 a. m. week days ror Cazaderp and way sta-
■ • tion*; 1:45 p. '■■ m. •. Saturdays ; (mbced ■ train) for '
Duncan ; Mills and • way stations ; ; 8:00 :a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC i RAILWAY.
. (Via Sausalito ; Ferry). ', • -; « . ;■
- Leave San t Francisco, ' commencing '. Norem. :.
tcr 18, V1897:'/>--a= --%-:-:.•-'-'-: > -,:^:'-.- ■ :."-'.••>
Week Days— 9:30 a. m.r 1:46 p. m. ..
Bundays— 10:00. 11:30 a.' m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round . trip from ; Mill - Valley. : $1. _ __.--
t THOn. 1^; COOK JA s SON. ; Ajrents. .-• Cl Mark*!
«t*aaV Baa FrancSsco. "
RAILROAD TBAYEJa,
BOVTIir.RX I'At'iriC COJirAST.
(lACIFIO aVH'I'EM.)
Tfiklm I«rt« mill -m' <Cn*' to jirrl»» as .
NAN FKAN<IS<«>.
*■ (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) ( -
Leave — «From January 1. 1898. — AMtin
~»6:OOA~Niks, San Jose and Way Stations... • 8:4.1 a
7:OOa Kecicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... ' 10:43 a
7 :(>». Jl;ir>sv"'lle, OroviUo and Kcddiug fla
Woodland 5:43p
7:OOa VacaviHo and Rur-sey Bi43*
7:»<>a Martinez, HauU'imoii.Vcllejo. Napa,
Caliatoga anil Santa Rosa btlSr
»•••><> a Atlantic Kxpress, Ugileu and l.aat.. Ss43r
»f«i>A Nlleß, San .lose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Mary»ville, Chico,
Tehamaandne.ll!lnlT 4fl»F
•B:3©A Peters, Milton and Oakdale "7iX3r
S:O»a New Orleans Kxprecs, Merced, Kay-
mocd, I'iesno, liakeraOcld. Santa
Jliirliaia, los Angeles, Deming,
YA l'aso, New Orleans and Kast. «i4!Jp
9:0Oa Valltjo. Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 12515p
•l:OOr Sacramento ItWer Steamer* ..... •HxOOp
l:UOr Nili-s, ban Joso a!.-d Way Stations.. JOsl»A
l::t«r MarULCz and Way Stations... 7x43r
8:oUr Livennore, Hundota, Hauler and
Viialia 4:13:?
, Liverinore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations , {10:19
4T«O|-M«rtine-:, Ban lUnion, Vullejo, •
Napa, ('ulixiii^a, XL Verano and
B.HI Itosa. ••II»A
4li»»f Benicia, Vacafille, Woodland,.
Knights Landing, Jlarysville, Oro-
x Tlllo and Siicrdinento 1«:43a
4i2op Nile 3, San Jose, Trncy and Stockton .. 7x»sj»
4:3Mp Ijatliror. Modesto, creed, Berenda,
l.'reauo, M;j.ivo (for Itandsburg),
Santa Darbura ami r<os AngclfS.. 7:43 a
4i^Up Hanta Fo Kcnte. Atlantic l.xpreas
forMojuv-, ami Hunt. 6:43*
H3:3Op " Sunset Limited." Los Angeleii, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little lUjck. St. ■
Louis, Chicago and East....: {1O:13a
Vntivr " Sucpc-t Limited Annex," El Paso. >
New Orleans and East |10:I3a
6:O«r Kuropean Mail, Ogden and Kast Bi43a
ti:<H>i> Utiywurilx, Nil.-amul Han J05e...... ~:45a
J<*:O«M- Va11ej0....... 17:43*
fc:«M»:' Oregon Hiiu'kbs, Bacrameuto, Marys-
*ill«. IJeililine, - Portlauil. - l'ligeo
■Soiniil am. Kast 8;13a
bAN tZSZWuitd ami uXfWiinS LOCAL.
- (Foot of Market Street.)
<>6:OOa 1 f 7:1 »A
S:OOa Melrose, Seminary Park, «* O:4 * A
I2. SSa Kltchburg.Elmhunit, . \Vuz\
tll:OOA San Lcnndro, South Sa*. 12::.%r
V**"** Ije . ndr o, Estudillo, ll\m
iiiVoop Loreiro, Cherry i • t4:45p
4:00p , , , »3:43?
fi:O()p - . » nd | 6:1
8:30p H.jnanlj. l'V r
7:«0p fci4^p
8:OOp » Runs through to Nile*. ' ,5 : i 5p
9:00p i : From Niles 10:.> Op
COAST DIVISION (Narrow liiiugc}.
(Foot ot Market Street.)
■ii£(la Newail:,CviiterviUu,San.lnse,Fclton,
- Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations..;.....- llMc
*ai!sp Newark. Centcrvllle, San .loee. New
Aimadei), Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cm/, and Principal : Way - •'■ -
5tati0n5...................... "1*:5«4
. 4:15 v Newark, Sun .luge and Los Gatos ... 0:30*
tllt43p Hunters' Excursion, Saa Jose and
■■•-■ Way Stations t7»2Qp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtm SIM FRANCISCO— Foot or tUrltet Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. J1:00 *2:00 t3:9Q
•4:03 . 15:00 ; •6:00 :. .
PromOAfUND— Foot of Broadway.— «6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
•- t!2:00 '1:00 , 12:00", *3:00' »i:00 «S:COr.M«
" COAST VISION (Broad Uange). "
■ . - . .:, ■ (Third and Tcwnsend Sts.)
•iBSAHau Jose mill Way Stations (New
Almatlen Wednesdays only) 9:33*
•tOO* Han Jose.'Tres Haas, Santa ('rut,
Pacific Cirore. Paso Robles, Sau
- ; Luis OUspo. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Wny Stations 4:19p
1»:4Oa Sau Jose anil Way Stations *S:OOa.
Sli3Ua San Jose and Way Stations S:33a
■ *2::tOi>Snn Mat-o, Uedwood, Menlo Park,
Santa Clara, San Jose, Giiroy,
HolliEter, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
'.'■■ Monterey ami l'acillc <ir0ve...... »I«t4OA
•8:1 3p San .Inge and Principal Way Stations ' *9:00 a
•4ilsi> San .lose ami Principal Way Station? V:4sa
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Station* l:3Op
- il:3Oi> San Jose ami Principal Way Statious j 5:30p
6::iOp San Jose and Way .5tati0n5......... 7:« Op
f11:45p San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7:* op
. : A for Morning. - P for Afternoon.
• Bandars excepted. - t Sundays only, + Saturday* only.
J Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
Mondays and Thursdays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays. _
li a) CALIFORNIA
•PttioTi it it&? LIMITED.
t^^^^m san FRANCISCO
jlgJglA^^^j, CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
•'■ Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers, .
| 3% :■ days , to ". Chicago, - 4V4 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves" dally at 4:30 p.' m., carrying Pullman
Palace ■ and • Pullman | Tourist * Sleeping Cars oa
fast i time. . Direct ■ Conner* : n -in Chicago and :
Kansas City for all Eastern points. > ; i
•r Traln3arriv«» and depart : from Market-street *
! Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 6»4 Market
i street, : Chronicle « building, v." Telephone • Mala
! 1E20.-,. Oakland office. 1118 ..' Broadway, . Sacra-
mento : office,: 201. J street. San Jose, 7 "West
Santa Clara street. ■ > ' : ■ '-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQU-N
* VALLEY RAiLWAY COMPANY. - *
I From" ■ September 10, 18D7, trains will run m "
| follows: ;-■'-, •..:', . . ■: ■ ■;; , : "
Southbound. -. \ y .- j Northbound.
Pasaea- ' Mixed statlo _. Mixed Passe*"
ger Sunday Stations. Sllnday ££>*■
Dally Exc'p'td -— Exo'p'ul .; Dally.
J3O a.m. 9 :00 m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5-40 n-rrT
• «j:lUa.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 4 li £5 ;
1U a.m. i o:M p.m.- Fresno . J:3U a.m. 2-2U rim
11:40 a.m.i; 5:20 p.m. Hanfori . :45 a.nt 1-15 ££
12:13 p.m..^U:4o p.m. Visalla - 6:4U a.m.ll2:iu D m
Stopping at intermediate points when require!
r-j-Connecuons-Ai atcckton with ateambo*ts ot'
C. ■■> N. • &<I. :• Co.. , leaving San ". Francisco and
. Btockton at tt, p. m , daily; t. at v. Merced t wul
h stagesto and from SnelllnKs. - : Coultervllle. etc j '
I also i with : stare : tat, Hornltos. I Marlposa.' eta 1
! at Lankerahlm wit* >t». to and SinMiii*