The San Francisco Call
VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 52.
PHILIPPINE REBELS ATTACKED THE
OUTPOSTS OF MANILA IN GREAT FORCE
TRIED TO
RUSH THE
TRENCHES
But They Were Repulsed
Wit!} a Loss of pour
Hundred.
flltrjough They Withstood Many
Assaults the Condition of the
Spaniards Is Most Critical.
Special Cable to The (nil and the Kew Torlc Herald. Copyrighted, 1898,
by Jamen Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, July 17, via Hongkong,
July 21.- -The rebels attacked the Span
sh outposts in force on Friday. The
tack was simultaneous on Malate,
Santa Ava, Santa Mesa, Balic and Ga
galamerin. It is said that 20,000 rebels
engaged in the assault The result was
favorable to the Spaniards, who held all
positions with only fifty killed and
wounded. It is estimated the rebel
losses were 400. The rebels tried to
rush the trenches, which were well
protected. The Spaniards kept up a
steady fire, and repulsed every attack
of the rebels. The attack was repeat
edly renewed and lasted several hours.
The attack was renewed this morning
with the usual result.
News of the loss of Cervera's fleet, which was brought by
a Japanese warship, caused a great panic here. It had been
preached from every pulpit and announced officially here that
the arrival of Cervera's and Camara's fleets with troops was
near.
The discovery of this fraud will have a bad effect on the
Spanish troops, who are already disheartened and consider the
game hopeless. The food supply holds out, but the quality is
bad. The meat is mostly horseflesh. The poorer classes are
eating rats and dogs. The public health is fairly good.
The pumping station of the waterworks has been taken by
the rebels, but the tanks are still held by the Spaniards. The
water is turned on for two hours daily in Manila. A week's sup
ply only remains in the tanks.
Reinforcements for the Americans have arrived, but there
are no signs of an immediate American attack on Manila.
Aguinaldo has appointed native government officers in the.
province, who are collecting taxes.
ILOILO'S GOVERNOR
ALL READY TO SAIL
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HONGKONG, July 21.— The trade
still continues in hemp and sugar be
tween here and Iloilo. The British
steamer Sung Kinng, which arrived to
day, reports that several thousand
rebels are lurking in the hills behind
Cavite awaiting the American signal to
swoop down on the city of Manila. The
Governor has a launch with steam up,
ready to escape at the first sign from the
American ships.
BATTLESHIP OREGON
MAY GO TO MANILA
NEW YORK, July 21.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Rear Ad
miral Dewey's force in Manila Bay
may be reinforced by a battle-ship to
be detached fn>m the Eastern squad
ron, and the protected cruiser Phila
delphia. I was told to-day on excellent
authority that Secretary Long has such
action under consideration, but whether
it will be taken or not depends upon
the events of the next few weeks. The
.Secretary feels sure that Admiral
Dewey should have a stronger squad-
Ron, one of the vessels of which should
be a battle-ship, probably the Oregon,
and he proposes to place him in a posi
tion to successfully meet any emer
gency that may arise. Commodore
Watson's squadron will be ordered In
readiness to reinforce Dewey if a third
power should menace American inter
ests.
DEWEY TO BOMBARD
THE FORTIFICATIONS
MANILA. July 18 (via Hongkong,
July 2L>— Unless the Spaniards sur
: render in the meantime, Rear Admiral
Dewey will bombard the fortifications
of Manila by the end of this week,
; provided the troops are ready to take
possession immediately.
The First Regiment is already In the
field at Paranaque, two miles from
Manila.
DEWEY A DIPLOMAT
AS WELL AS A FIGHTER
WASHINGTON, July 21.— That Ad
miral Dewey has the situation in the
Philippines well in hand is exhibited
by his telegrams, the last of which was
received to-day, which, without boast-
Ing, simply reports, like the others that
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1898.
BRIGADIER GENERAL FRANCIS V. GREENE, U. S. A., IN COMMAND
OF THE SECOND EXPEDITION TO THE PHILIPPINES.
In Speaking of General Greene, Previous to That Officer's Departure for Manila, General Merritt
said: "General Greene Goes as My Special Representative. He Is Familiar With All My
Plans and Is Thoroughly Qualified to Take Charge of Military Affairs Upon His Arrival.
He Is an Able and Accomplished Officer."
AMERICANS MAY ATTACK
MANILA AT ANY HOUR
Transports of the Second Expedition Have Arrived.
Four Deaths on the Voyage — Fifty In
surgents Slaughtered.
CAVITE, July 17 (via Hongkong, July 21). — The long expected
attack on Manila may be made at any hour. The second expe
dition on transports China, Zealandia, Colon and Senator arrived
here to=day (July 17) under convoy of the cruiser Boston.
Lieutenant Lagelle of the Eighteenth Regiment, regulars,
died of measles after leaving Honolulu. Three men also died on
the transports.
• The second expedition will be landed on the Manila side of
the bay, close to the insurgent lines and south of Malate. Dis
embarkation will begin to-morrow. It is probable the entire First
Brigade will be taken to the same place with General Greene in
command.
It is reported fifty insurgents were slain in an attack upon
Malate to-day. They were hemmed in by the Spaniards in mak
ing a charge and slaughtered to the last man. General Aguin
aldo has moved his headquarters to Bacor, removing a portion
of the Spanish prisoners from Cavite to provide accommo
dation for the American reinforcements.
The second expedition hoisted the American flag on Wake
Island on the way over.
have gone before, that affairs are quiet
i and satisfactory. l'he State Depart
ment has come to have fully as great
i a sense of appreciating Admiral
I Dewey's diplomatic ability as the coun-
I try has for his naval skill and cour
\ age, and the best evidence of this is that
I it has not found it necessary up to this
point to intervene in any way, either
to protect or to amend his works.
The Navy Department has now dis
covered that the big double turreted
monitor Monterey will not arrive at
Cavite until August 5, that being the
advice received at the department from
the captain of the vessel when she
j touched at Honolulu. The admiral's
I announcement of the arrival of the
second detachment of United States
i troops at Cavite has given great com
! fort to the War Department, which
was not altogether at ease concerning
i the first small expedition lying between
I Spaniards and the Insurgents and
without being able to depend very
largely upon either. With these added
troops it will now be possible to de
mand the surrender of Manila^ but it
is gathered here that our purpose is to
defer such a movement until all the
United States troops now afloat have
arrived in Manila Bay, unless the at
titude of the insurgent forces prompt
earlier action on the part of the Ameri
can commanders, military and naval.
AGUINALDO ORGANIZES
A PHILIPPINE CABINET
HONGKONG, July 21.— Letters re
ceived here from Cavlte, dated July 17,
say that General Aguinaldo has organ
ized the Philippine Cabinet at Bakor,
with the following personnel:
President of the Council, General
Aguinaldo.
Secretary of War. Baldimiro Aguinal
do, nephew of General Aguinaldo.
Secretary of the Interior, Leander
Ibarla.
Secretary of State, Mariano Trias.
A Spanish steamer, the Vosoie, hav
ing on board a native crew from the
Vizcaya Islands, southerners, is now
in the hands of the Insurgents. The
crew revolted, killed the Spanish offi
cers and reached Tayabao, in the south
ern part of the island of Luzon, but
there they quarreled with Tagalon in
surgents and returned to Hollo, which
is looked upon as indicating that the
Vizcayas are unwilling to join the Tag
alonls. In any case, it is considered
certain that the Philippine Islands will
never be amalgamated and that they
will never return to Spanish rqle.
Therefore the only alternative, in the
opinion of the Informed people here, is
for foreign, rule, American or British.
GARCIA'S
RETIREMENT
ANNOUNCED
Probably a f^use of trje
General to Gain
Sympathy.
It Is Supposed That \\e Is Planning
to Prove That Cubans Are
Good Soldiers. ;•
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 20.— General Garcia sent the fol
lowing letter to General Shafter:
"Sir— On May 12 the Government of the Republic of Cuba
ordered me, as commander of the Cuban army in the east, to co
operate -with the American army, following the plans and obeying
the orders of its commander. I have done my best, sir, to fulfill
the wishes of my Government, and I have been until now one of
your most faithful subordinates, honoring myself in carrying out
your orders and instructions, as far as my powers have allowed
me to do it. The city of bantiago surrendered to the American
army, and news of that important event was given to me by per
sons entirely foreign to your staff. I have not been honored with
a single word from yourself, informing me about the negotiations
for peace or terms of capitulation by the Spaniards. The impor
tant ceremony of the surrender of the Spanish army and taking
possession of the city by yourself took place later on, and I only
knew of both events by public reports.
"I was neither honored, sir, with a kind word from you, in
viting myself or any officer of my staff to represent the Cuban
army on the memorable occasion. Finally, I know you have left
in power at Santiago the same Spanish authorities, whom for
three years I have fought — enemies of the independence of Cuba.
I beg to state that these authorities have never been elected to
govern Santiago by residents of the city, but were appointed by
royal decrees of the Queen of Spain.
"I would nave agreed, sir, that the army under your com
mand should have taken possession of the city, garrison and
forts. I would have given my warm co-operation to any meas
ure you may have deemed best under American military law to
hold the city for your army and to preserve public order until
the time comes to fulfill the solemn pledge of the people of the
United States to establish in Cuba a free and independent gov
ernment, but when the question arises of appointing Spanish au
thorities in Santiago de Cuba, under the peculiar circumstances of
our thirty years' strife against Spanish rule, I cannot se^ but
with deepest regret that such authorities are not elected by the
Cuban people, but are the same ones selected by the Queen of
Spain, and hence are ministers to defenu, against the Cubans,
Spanish sovereignty.
"A rumor too absurd to be believed, general, ascribes the
reason of your measures and of the orders forbidding my army
to enter Santiago to a fear of massacres and revenge against the
Spaniards. Allow me, sir, to protest against even the shadow of
such an idea. We are not savages, ignoring the rules of civil
ized warfare. We are a poor, ragged army, as ragged and as
poor as was the army of your forefathers in their noble war for
independence, but. as did the heroes of Santiago and Yorktown,
we respect too deeply our cause to disgrace it with barbarism
and cowardice.
"In view of all these reasons, I sincerely regret to be una
ble to fulfill any longer the orders of my Government, and
therefore I have tendered to-day to the commander-in-chief of the
Cuban army, Major General Maximo Gomez, my resignation as
commander of this section of our army. Awaiting his resolution
I withdraw with my forces to the interior. Very respectfully
yours, CALIXTO GARCIA."
Special Cable to The Call and the New Ynrlc Herald. Copyrighted, 189S,
by Jame* Gordon Bennett.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 20, by The Call Herald dis
patch boat to Port Antonio, Jamaica, July 21. — General Ca
lixto Garcia, in charge of the Cuban forces in the operations
about Santiago, to-day notified General Shafter that he had
tendered his resignation as commander of the insurgents in the
eastern department. This action on the part of General Garcia
is regarded as a ruse, and it is believed to have as its object the
drawing of a vote of confidence from the leaders of the Cuban
Junta.
That General Garcia has not seriously
retired from the Cuban army is dis
closed by the fact that he has just
agreed with General Castillo to march
their Cuban forces against Holguin,
and that both Garcia and Castello have
joined in a request to General Gomez
to unite with them in driving the Span
iards out of all other provinces prior to
an American attack on Havana.
General Garola's troops have been
withdrawn to the mountains. I am able
to give the true reasons for this deter
mination to no longer co-operate with
the American forces. The Cuban gen
eral in this instance took this action
while piqued over General Shafter's
refusal to let the Cubans enter Santi
ago. But he seems to have felt even
more keenly the contempt in which his
command is being held by the soldiers
of the United States. Garcia and his
principal officers seem to thorougnly
realize that the Cubans had not shone
brilliantly as warriors in the Santiago
campaign. He now intends to act In
dependently and demonstrate to the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
United States that Cubans are worthy
of confidence and respect as allies.
The American troops look upon the
Cubans as persons more fond of flesh
pots than of feats of arms. It Is an
nounced to-day that Generals Garcia
and Castillo are marching toward Hol
guin.
A serious question has arisen relative
to the collection of custom duties in
the new American port of Santiago.
When the captains of several American
vessels attempted to land their car
goes they were informed they could
proceed with the work only after pay
ing duties. These charges are the
same as under Spanish rule, and were
so high that they formed one of the
Cubans' main reasons for rebelling.
The American captains found them
selves called upon to pay an average
of 100 per cent ad valorem on ordinary
necessities, and appealed to General
Shafter. This appeal was without re
sult. Drafts were refused in pay
ment, gold being demanded, though
none is to be had, and business affairs
are In a chaotic condition.2
GENERAL MILES LEADS THE
TROOPS AGAINST PORTO RICO
MILITARY
EXPEDITION
UNDER WAY
Ample Naval Protection
of the Transports
Furnished.
Commaoding Officer Will Reach
His Destination Sunday, and
Plenty of Soldiers Will
Follow.
A
WASHINGTON, July 21.— General Miles, leading the
military expedition against Porto Rico, started at 3 o'clock this
afternoon from Siboney, Cuba, for the point on the island of
Porto Rico where it is the intention that the troops shall land.
It is expected Uiat General Miles will wait at some appointed
spot on the romSe for the expeditions from Tampa, Newport
Xews and Xew York to fall into his column. These expeditions
are already under way. some of them with two or three day's
start of General Miles, so that the delay should not be very
great.
After all this difficulty about the naval convoy, and the first
conclusion of the naval authorities that none was necessary, the
strength of that furnished is surprising. There is a first-class
battle-ship, the Massachusetts; an effective protected cruiser, the
Cincinnati; a speedy and well-manned gunboat, the Annapolis,
and four vessels of the auxiliary navy, which have already proved
by their performance in Cuban waters that they are fully equal
to the ordinary gunboat in offensive power. These are the
Gloucester, which distinguished herself in the destruction of
Cervera's squadron; the Wasp, which has attained an enviable
notoriety as a disturber of Spanish blockhouses; the Leyden,
which for a time was the sole representative of the United
States power in Havana harbor, and the Dixie.
Secretary Alger believes that General Miles, on the Yale,
will arrive at his destination Sunday morning with 3000 men
under his command. A day later will come 4000 men on trans
ports, and the day following that 3000 more. Whether the land
ing will be deferred until the arrival of this entire force or
whether General Miles will take the initiative and hoist the flag
himself on Porto Rican soil is left to the discretion of that
officer.
It is the department's intention that he shall not lack for
troops or food, and this expedition may be followed by several
others as fast as the troops can be got ready until word from
the general says that he needs no more.
General Schwan's brigade, comprising the Fifth, the Elev
enth and the Nineteenth United States Infantry, a splendid
body of trained soldiers, sailed from Tampa to-day to join
General Miles, and if the Porto Rican expedition is not an im
mediate success it will not be for lack of disposition in the War
Department to supply every requisite.
MILES BACKED BY
A STRONG SQUADRON
WASHINGTON, July 21.— Concerning
the naval convoys of General Miles' ex
pedition from Cuba to Porto Rico, the
Navy Department to-night made public
the following statement: Admiral
Sampson telegraphs this afternoon to
the Secretary of the Navy that there
has been no delay in furnishing ample
convoy to General Miles. A day or two
ago the Cincinnati and New Orleans
were both placed at his disposal. The
Columbia and Yale, carrying troops,
are both powerfully armed, sayß the
Admiral's telegram, and this is an
ample convoy for his expedition and
to effect his landing. The Annapolis,
Wasp and Leyden have been ordered
from Nlpe, the Gloucester also added
and the three monitors ordered from
Tampa. Under these circumstances
there certainly has been no lack of
naval assistance. If General Miles pre
ferred to wait, the delay was his own.
However, in further answer to his re
quest, the Massachusetts and Dixie
were also added this morning and he
has probably started.
This statement shows that General
Miles will be barked in effecting his
landing on Porto Rican soil by a strong
squadron of the navy. In addition to
the vessels named in the statement, it
is .iTicially admitted for the first time
that the powerful monitors Terror, Am
phitrite and Puritan, which have been
at Key West, are under orders to pro
ceed to Porto Rico to assist in the re
duction of the forces there.
It is known, also to be not unlikely —
indeed, it is probable — that still other
vessels of Admiral Sampson's fleet will
participate in the reduction of the for
tifications of San Juan. This was indi
cated clearly by Secretary Long's
statement this afternoon concerning
the sailing of Commodore Watson's
Eastern squadron to Spain. In the
course of that statement, the Secretary
said the Eastern squadron would be
sent to Spain later, when the Porto Ri
ean campaign permits. It seems clear
that some at least of the vessels will be
employed in the bombardment of the
fortifications of Porto Ilico's principal
city. _
PORTO RICANS WHO
WILL AID AMERICANS
NEW YORK, July 21.— A Washing
ton BDecial to the Herald saya: The
Porto Ricans selected to accompany
the American army of invasion as aides
and guides will embark on transports at
Newport News on Saturday under the
direction of General Antonio Mattell
Lluveras. Besides General Lluveras,
Senors Mateo Fajardo, Rafael Mar
cuash, Domineo Collazo, Emilio Gon
zales, Jose Budet, Juan Bezosa and Dr.
Del Valle, who are all men of promin
ence in Porto Rican affairs, will go and
General Miles hopes they will do much
toward winning over the population of
the island.
General Miles delegated the selection
of the men to "W. P. Sutton, who was
for fourteen years United States Consul
in Mexico and speaks Spanish fluently.
In the selection of the men no recogni
tion was given to the so-called Porto
Rican Junta in New York, which alms
at Porto Rican independence and has
Dr. Julio Henna at its head. The Porto
Rican aids will carry with them 30.000
rifles and corresponding ammunition
furnished by the War Department and
designed for the native Porto Ricans.
The revolutionists in Porto Rico who
comprise the annexation party there
are as bitter in their resentment to
wards Spain as are the insurgents in
Cuba. They are looking forward anx
iously to the invasion of the island by
the United States forces, and are mak
ing as extensive preparations as their
limited means will permit to give aid to
their allies.
A letter just received by General Ma
teo Lluveras, the representative of the
revolutionists in Washington, gives an
interesting account of the conditions
there and the anxiety of some repre
sentative Porto Ricans to accompany
the American army in order that theli
presence may have a moral effect on
the inhabitants of the island, who have
taken up arms for Spain. The letter
says that Spanish sympathizers have
prejudiced the ignorant classes against
Americans by telling them the latter
are coming to plunder the island and
commit excesses. Many negroes will,
therefore, fight for Spain. There is
much dissatisfaction, however, because
of the high prices and because ihe
Spaniards treat the natives like dogn.
In Ponce there are several native regi
ments which will assist the invading
army. Juan Rodrigues, who has r;on<?
much for annexation, has been shot by
order of the captain general after being
tortured.
WHERE MILES MAY
GAIN A LANDING
NEW YORK, July 21.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Information came last night
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1898.
THE DEPARTURE OF GENERAL MILES' EXPEDITIONARY FORCE FROM SIBONEY FOR PORTO RICO.
from an official high in authority that
General Miles would effect a landing
at the harbor of Fajardo on the east
coast of Porto Rico, as stated in the
Herald this morning. lam informed
to-night by one who feels sure that his
information is correct, but which is not
confirmed by the official who desig
nated Fajardo as the landing place,
that General Miles will land at Guan
ica. It is stated by experts that
from the road from Guanlca, which is
106 miles from San Juan, it is practi
cally shorter than the road of thirty
four miles from Fajardo to San Juan,
for twenty-eight miles of the latter
road is merely a riding path. Guanica
is on the southwestern coast of the isl
and. There is a good wagon road < f
six miles to Yauco, whence there is a
railroad well equipped to Ponca, twen
ty-two miles distant. From Ponca to
San Juan is an excellent road eighteen
feet in width, with fourteen feet of
pounded stone along the center.
Vessels of thirty feet draught can
easily enter the bay of Guanica and
proceed close in shore. It has no fort
ifications or mines. It is considered
one of the best ports in the whole isl
and.
FROM CAMP THOMAS
TO PORTO RICO
CHICKAMAUGA, Ga., July 21.—To
night it looks as if at least two-thirds
of the troops at Camp Thomas are to
be ordered to the front as an expedi
tionary force to go to Porto Rico, un-
der General Brooke. The movement
will be begun to-morrow morninp.
when the second brigade of the First
Division, First Corps, commanded by
Brigadier General Haines, will leave
for Newport News. This brigade re
ceived marching orders a few minutes
before 6 o'clock this evening. The reg
iments of the brigade are the Fourth
Ohio, Third Illinois and Fourth Penn
sylvania. The order to move was
greeted with the wildest enthusiasm.
This brigade is the only organization
that will leave the park to-morrow,
but if there is not a sudden change in
the plans as they are understood here
to-night, the entire First Corps, which
numbers about 36,000 officers and men,
will follow, the different brigades go
ing out as rapidly as transportation
can be arranged.
TRANSPORTS SAIL
WITH THE TROOPS
CHARLESTON, S. C, July 21.— The
expedition which started to Porto Rico
from here Wednesday morning finally
got to sea to-day. The Grand Duchess
and the No. 30, with General Wilson
and the Second and Third Wisconsin
Regiments, spent the night off Sumter.
At 8 o'clock this morning tugs took
them out through the jetties. It was
not until 8 o'clock to-night that they
were followed by the No. 21, carrying
the Sixteenth Pennsylvania and two
companies of the Sixth Illinois. The
work of loading the last-mentioned ves
sel went busily forward all day. Some
trouble was experienced in loading the
1000 mules that were to go on the ship,
but otherwise the work was done rap
idly and without the least accident. The
men were given an enthusiastic cheer
by thousands of people who were as
sembled to see them off.
NEW YORK, July 21.— At the office
of Major Summerhays, who has charge
of the Government's transports at this
port, it was stated that the Roumania
and Michigan sailed this morning and
that the Massachusetts got off to-night.
The Norwegian tramp, Otto, loaded
with lumber and laborers to assist Gen
eral Miles' expedition at Porto Rico,
also left to-day.
The City of Washington and the Oli
vette, two of the original transports,
which came back to this port with
wounded, are being fitted aut again for
use in carrying troops, although the
Olivette will be used as an auxiliary
hospital ship whenever needed. It Is
expected that the hospital ship Relief
will return to this port to unload the
wounded aboard of her and she will
then sail direct to Porto Rico.
ADMIRAL SAMPSON
ORDERED TO PORTO RICO
WASHINGTON, July 21.— President
McKinley this morning issued personal
orders, through the Secretary of the
Navy, that Admiral Sampson should
proceed immediately to Porto Rico
with General Miles. The President's
orders are susceptible of no miscon
struction. They are imperative to a
degree seldom employed except in
cases of extreme emergency. They are
of the -sort that will brook no delay in
their execution. Admiral Sampson
must start at once or the President will
know the reason why.
PUTTING SMALL GUNS
ON THE PHILADELPHIA
Trying to Hasten the Vessel's De-
parture for Honolulu — The Iro
ouois' Big Tow.
VALLiEJO, July 21— The six-pounders
nnil other pruns for the secondary battery
of the Philadelphia arrived at Mare Isl
and last evening, and workmen in the
ordnance department have been using
every effort to have them mounted with
out delay, so that the vessel can start for
Honolulu. She has been coaling for sev
eral days, and while her bunkers are not
filled to their utmost capacity, she will
bo able to make tho trip to the islands
without difficulty. The flagship is all
ready to start as soon as her small guns
are in place, and will probably leave for
San Francisco to-morrow. It is said that
Captain Wadleigh has orders to proceed
without delay.
Lieutenant Turner of the tug Iroquois
is rushing preparations for towing the
ship Tacoma to Manila with horses and
mules for the use of General Merritt's
forces. She will go via Honolulu, and will
undoubtedly make the trip in good time.
The Iroquois is the most powerful tug
in the Pacific, and can easily tow the
Tacoma at a 10-knot rate. The latter
vessel will carry coal, which will be
transferred to the Iroquois at the La
drones.
LIVELY STAMPEDE
INTO THE COUNTRY
LONDON, July 22.— A dispatch to the
Standard from Corunna gives a lively
account of the stampede into the coun
try owing to the fears of the "ap
proaching American squadron." The
correspondent says there is a daily
stream of bullock carts with furniture,
and the town is nearly deserted by the
better class of inhabitants.
The local papers there have fright
ened the people so much that the cap
tain-general summoned the editors and
threateneed them all with Imprison
ment if they printed one word about
Commodore Watson's squadron. The
exodus, however, shows no signs of
diminishing.
A pamphlet has. been distributed
among the working men, urging them
to demand peace at all cost, owing to
the terrible distress and the lack of
work and food. It is evident that there
will be trouble in Corunna, says the
correspondent, and the working 1 classes
will make it unless something is
promptly don«.
TRYING TO SETTLE THE
TROUBLE AT SHANGHAI
Landing of French Marines Has a
Tendency to Check the Chinese
Bioters.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by Jamn Gor
don Bennett.
HONGKONG, July 21.— 1n connection
with the riots near Shanghai the French
cruiser Jean Bart landed 350 men. Nego
tiations for a oettlement of the dlsput*
with the ChineßO are proceeding.
DEPARTURE OF WATSON'S
SQUADRON DELAYED ONLY
FOR VERY BRIEF PERIOD
Secretary Long Disposes of a Report Cir
culated That the Expedition Had
Been Abandoned.
WASHINGTON. July 21.— Secretary
Long said to-night that the prepara
tions for dispatching the Watson
squadron to European waters were go
ing on uninterruptedly, but that the
departure necessarily would await the
movement of the warships at Porto
Rico, the Massachusetts and other
ships being required for convoying the
troops to Porto Rico.
This disposed of a report circulated
during the day that the expedition had
been abandoned. It was felt that the
report was more mischievous at this
time, as it indicated a purpose to yield
to the implied threats from European
sources that a European coalition
would result if the American warships
attacked the coast of Spain.
Neither the State nor Navy Depart
ment looks for any embarrassment
from European quarters outside of
Spain as a result of the naval move
ment against the peninsula. During
the day orders were sent to Norfolk to
hurry forward work on the colliers
which are to accompany the Watson
expedition.
Had the army troopships been able
to go to Porto Rico without a naval
convoy, the Watson squadron could
have got away within the next few
days, as the War Board had wished to
close all preliminaries by next Satur
day. But as the battle-ship Massa
chusetts, cruisers Columbia, Cincinnati.
Dixie and Yale, together with several
lesser craft, were considered necessary
as a patrol for the Miles expedition,
this changes the plans slightly. The
Dixie is almost certain to be in the
Watson squadron and the Massachu
setts is likely to be. Secretary Long
expressly says, however, that the de
lay of the Watson squadron is inci
dent to the convoying of the troops to
Porto Rico, and does not mean that the
start will be postponed until the Porto
Rico operations are concluded.
The report from Barcelona that the
people were so fearful of the approach
of the Watson squadron that they
were urging France to establish a pro
tectorate over all the Catalonia dis
trict, including Barclona, was dis
missed by officials, and by members of
the diplomatic corps best informed on
the affairs of France, as fantastic
speculation, quite unwarranted by any
actual movement now on foot. It is
said to be thoroughl- well established
that France is not lending a helping
hand to Spain in any of her afflictions.
PEOPLE ON CANARIES
ARE PANIC-STRICKEN
LONDON, July 21.— A Madrid special
announces that the inhabitants of the
Canary Islands are panic-stricken at
the prospect of an American attack.
The wealthy people have gone into the
interior. Great misery prevails, trade
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Thefts- >>y ;?'lv:'- ,
118119 S/iTsi „ feCt
<-rG&&ifl%£i&i 33*
is at a standstill, and there is consid
erable military activity ever-where, es
pecially on Lanzarote and Graciosa isl
ands, which are expected to be the ob
jectives of the American attacks.
PREPARING FOR
WATSON'S FLEET
Special cablo to The Call and the New York
HtjiKl. Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
CADIZ, July 21.— The Isla de Panxy
and Isla de Luzon have arrived here.
The two trans-Atlantic steamers have
gone to lay up at Seville. The Valdes
is anchored in the bay. It is reported
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It is not often that bitter water and sweet can be drawn from the same
fountain, but 'tis a bitter pill for us to sell some of the goods we are now
offering at prices we can get. 'Tis sweet to know, however, that these
values go to our friends and to those who know our talk means business. —
Remnants were slaughtered yesterday regardless of cost or value. Some left
over will go to-day. New lines are hunted up and offered for the first time
at 8 a. m., this day.— while the play is good and remnant stock is In-
tact.— lt will be a glad day for everybody who has money ;o spend and who
has wants to supply. '
DRY GOODS— REMNANTS! FLOOR COVERS.
Here Is where money is saved rapidly. Remnants 5c matting, few 0
Per yard. Remnants 12V£c matting Sc
Remnants Be' red. white and blue bunting 3c ' Remnants 20c matting 12 C
Remnants Cc dark calico dress styles 3c Remnants loc matting 15 C
Remnants 5c light calico, faßt color 3c ! Remnants 4.V matting 260
Remnants plain lawn, 10c goods 3c i Remnants floor oil cloths ISo
Remnants 50c velveteen, few colors 15c I Remnants linoleum, high grade 25c up
Remnants house lining muslin, thin 2c I Remnants stair carpet, good 100 up
Remnants heavier house lining 3c I Remnants tapestry Brussels, fine 35c up
Remnants good brown muslin, family grade ! Remnants ingrain carpets, yard wide. ...2oc up
4c up | Remnants wool, 2 and 3 ply 50c up
Remnants "good white muslin 5c up Remnants 20c table oil cloth yard 10c
Remnants Canton flannel, good 5c up Remnants 30c table oil cloth, per yard 18c
Remnants of tennis flannel variety Be up
Remnants of dimity :.nd dress goods 4c up
In higher cost dress goods see our offer: UliiCK KbMNArITS.
Remnants cretonne, quilting styles 6c up
Remnants table damask, red 12^c up Remnants upholstery tapestry 25c up
Remnants toweling, variety of kinds 4c up '. Remnants fine window scrim 30 up
Remnants Cashmere, evening c010r5...... 10c up ; Remnants of chenille stand covers.. 373
Remnants Cashmere, dark colors 10c up I Sample lace curtains, soiled, fine 25c up
Remnants Cashmere in higher grades. .lBc up Remnant lots of $2 60 gents' hats $1
Remnants of duck in dress styles 8c up I Remnant lots of boys' suits, 7 to 11 '.950
Remnants black dress fabrics 12V,c up i Remnant lots little boys' $3 Jersey suits .SI SO
Remnants fine wool black goods. .v. their value i Remnant lots boys' percale waists ISO
Remnant lots of fine splashers and scarfs. up I Remnant lots $7 Casßimere coats %\ SO
Remnants of all-wool challie, dark Be I Remnant lots $2 50 Casslmere vesta 750
Taste the fine macaroni and cheese at the demonstration counter; all
free.
Try our fine fruit and berry pies; home made; 10 cents; first floor.
White Swan Flour, fully warranted, in any quantity this week 95c.
Coffee reductions continue all this week. Save while you can.
Our one-cent articles surprise everybody who looks at them.
Wire screening, green, this week at half price — 1 cent square foot.
Jelly glasses with tin cover, less than barrel lots, 2 cents each.
Sample Shoes. '^i^Bßffß'l{fV-
Little girls' fine kid cloth top. 10, IOMs, 11.... 50c IHHfc Wwwtm j: M 1 Hf"!! TIM
Boys' heavy shoes, 2 to 4 90c • \Li W^^fi
Boys' heavy $1 25 shoe, 11 to 13 75c H .' - 3 %^^W
Girls' $1 50 school button, 13, IS% 75c ■■ oam 61 19 tH
Girls' or ladles' cloth and kid, 2<4, 3 at.... 35c ff°* £J| C* Bffl mT\mmm *■% pot If*'
Ladles' $1 50, nice kid samples, size 8 75c V/ttVBJ «3 fT BWCD fr
Men's low shoes, out of style, 6, 7 800 . ■ . ■ ■ % ■■*
Men-, $3 60 button shoes, 6to 10... ..U 25 2 5»27 Market St., S. F.
***J *m C i'ldl KCC Oln *O« F%
that General Ochando is taking up hi«
headquarters at Cadiz. Although she
cleared for Lisbon, the trans-Atlantic
steamer Ciudad Condal, towing the
Catuluna, has arrived at Gibraltar os
tensibly for repairs, but In reality they
are laying up. The trans-Atlantic
steamer Habana has also arrived and
fs awaiting orders. It appears the Mar
quis de Comillas, who is in Madrid,
wired the trans- Atlantic company that
he had authentic information that
Watson was starting- He advised them
to get all their vessels in places of
safety. These movements, combined
with the arrival of more troops and
guns at Algeciras, are throwing the
population into consternation. Tents
are appearing mushroom-like around
the bay, and thousands of sandbags are
arriving. A fisherman at Tarifa re
ports that he saw several warships, six
of which were without lights and which
he supposed to be French, steaming
east. Anyhow, the signal station did
not see them pas?.
Those Woodland Recruits.
WOODLAND, July 21.— When the de
tachment of Woodlandltes recruited for
the United States army by Lieutenant
Skerrett left for San Francisco the Dem
ocrat stated on the authority of some one
supposed to know that nearly all of them
were ex-members of Company M. George
W. Myrick. who had a son among the re
cruits, requests the publication of the
statement that of the twenty-one who
enlisted fourteen never had any connec
tion with Company M. Mr. Myrick be
lieves that the facts should be accur
ately stated in the interest of all con
cerned.SPANIARDS
SUSTAINED
HEAVY LOSS
Commander Todd's Report
on Bombardment at
Manzanillo.
One Hundred of the Enemy Slain
and Their Transports and
Gunboats Destroyed.
Copyrighted, ISM. by the Associated Pr*s«.
TLAYA DEL ESTE, Guantanamo j
Bay, July 21.— The following is the offi
cial account of the latest naval victory
—that at Manzanilla— modestly told by j
mander Todd of the United States
gunboat Wilmington, in his report to
Admiral Sampson:
"At 7 o'clock on the morning of July
1« the vessels on blockade duty In this .
vicinity, the Wilmington, Helena, Scor- j
plon. Hist. Hornet, Wampatuck and \
Osceola, approached the harbor of Man
zanilla from the westward. At 7:30 the
Wilmington and Helena entered the (
channel toward the city, the Scorpion |
and Osceola the ir.:d-channel and the
Hist, Hornet and Wampatuck the south j
channel, tl enta of the vessels j
being so tim^d as to bring them within
effective range of the shipping at about
the same moment.
••At ' ' fire waa opened on the ship
ping, and after a deliberate fire, last
ed a half hours, three
Spanish transports. El Gloria, Jose
La and La Purioiama Concepcion, ,
were turned and destroyed. The pon- :
h was the harbor guard and
Lbly, for ammunition, i
was burr.-d and blown up. Three gun- i
i were destroyed. One other was
□ ashore and sunk, and a third i
p. ashore and Is believed to j
have been disabled.
CRISIS IN THE
WATER FIGHT
Los Angeles Company's
Lease Expires.
OBSTACLES TO A SETTLEMENT
CITY'S PLANS TO REGAIN ITS
PROPERTY.
<
Papers of Incorporation of the Con
solidation City Water Com
pany Have Been
Tiled.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 21.— T0-morrow
at midnight the lease expires of the
Los Angeles City "Water Company upon
the water distributing plant and the
•water of the Los Angeles River, which
the corporation has held for thirty
years and from which a profit of $10,
000,000 has been reaped.
It was planned for the Mayor and
city police force to take possession of
the plant at 1 o'clock on Saturday
morning by force, as all negotiations
looking to the city regaining possession
of its property have resulted in naught.
There is a difference of 52,000,000 be-
tween the Council's idea of what the
water company's improvements are
worth and the corporation's idea.
The Mayor cannot take possession for
the reason that he has been enjoined
from so doing by the Superior Court of
this county, and the writ is returnable
next Monday. The City Council held a
special session to-day and requested
the water company directors to meet
them at 10 o'clock Saturday morning,
v. hf-n the Council will make a tender of
for the plant. This offer will
be rejected and the Council will then
■ d to name its arbitrator. It will
ask th° water company to also name an
arbitrator, and the two so named are
lect a third. Should the water
any enter into arbitration with
the city before it has positive assurance
that the price fixed by the arbitrators
will be paid it will probably present as
irs arbitrator Judge John G. Chapman,
its attorney. It is very probable that
the City Council will name as the city's
arbitrator ex-City Engineer Fred
Eaton.
This contemplated action of the
council will bring the water situation
to a head and termination with ten
days. The great point now is to ascer
tain whether the parties will arbitrate
and if arbitration is entered into
whether it will be legal and binding on
both parties. The citizens are thor
oughly aroused to the importance of
- of th- next few days and the
• will be anxiously awaited.
To-day papers of incorporation of
the Consolidated City Water Company
were filed. The capitalization is $2,
1, and it is doubtless contemplat
ed that this company shall augment or
sup'-r«"fle the former company, con
solidating all its various interests.
BADLY INJURED
ON THE OREGON
Lieutenant Harrison's Left Eardrum
Broken During Bombardment
of Santiago.
NEW YORK. July 21.— Lieutenant "W. j
11. Harrison of "Washington, one of the I
officers of the battle-ship Oregon when
she made the 15.000-mile trip around the
Horn, Is In the Naval Hospital in Brook
lyn, with his hearing almost destroyed.
At the first bombardment of Santiago
Lieutenant Harrison was in charge of the
after 13-inch gun turret on the Oregon.
An 8-inch gun was fired directly over his |
head, and the concussion was so great
that the drum of his left ear was broken
and his right ear seriously injured. He
has made arrangements to undergo a
course of treatment wltb a. Manhattan 1
Bpecialis.'
"The firing was maintained at a
range which is believed to be beyond
the range of the shore artillery. It was
continued until, after a gradual closing
In, the shore batteries opened fire at
a comparatively short range, when the
ships were recalled, the object of the
expedition having been accomplished
and the ideas of the Commander-in
chief carried out, as I understood them,
that is, to destroy the enemy's ship
ping, but not to charge the field bat
teries of the forts. No casualties oc
curred on beard any of our vessels.
Great care was taken In directing the
fire that as little damage as possible
should be done to the city itself, and so
far as could be observed little if any
was done.
"All of our vessels were handled with
sound discretion and excellent Judg
ment by the several commanding- offi
cers, which was to have been expect
ed from the men commanding them.
"The Spanish loss is believed to have
been in the neighborhood of 100 dead.
The gunboats destroyed or driven
ashore were the Delgado, Guantanamo,
Ostralia, Continola and Guardian."
The committee appointed by Admiral
Sampson to examine the wreck of the
Reina Mercedes reports that the ves
sel can probably be raised and added
to the American navy. Her guns have
been recovered by the lowa.
General Miles left to-day for Porto
Rico. The main body of the fleet lies
at Guantanamo. The Brooklyn is the
only ship left at Santiago.
HELD UP BY
MASKED MEN
Attack on a Santa Fe
Passenger Train.
VERY LIVELY BATTLE ENSUES
ENGINEER. FIREMAN AND ONE
OFFICER SHOT.
Cab Riddled With Bullets and the
Express Car Shot Full of Holes,
But the Safe Is Not
Reached.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENTER, July 21.— A special to the
News from Fort Worth, Tex., says:
The Eouth-bound Santa Fe passenger
train due here at 10:20 o'clock to-night
was held up near Saginaw, eight miles
north of here, by masked men. The
robbers ordered the engineer to run to
North Fort Worth, three miles from
the city.
A Sheriff's posse, city police and
armed citizens have gone to the scene
on a yard engine. A report has reached
here that some seventy-five shots were
exchanged by the robbers and officers.
No definite facts can be learned at
present.
FORT WORTH, July 21.— Twomenjust
brought in the engine of the held-up
train. The cab is literally perforated
with bullets and covered with blood.
The engineer and fireman are both mis
sing and are thought to have been
killed. One officer is also said to have been
killed in the melee. The express car
was shot full of holes. The robbers
failed to get Into the safe, the officers
pouring such a hot fire into them.
Six men did the work. Two boarded
the engine at Saginaw and covered the
engineer. They made him stop in a
deep cut one and one-half miles north
of the stockyards. Superintendent
Pendell, who was on the train, and the
crew went forward to see what was the
matter. As they advanced toward the
engine they were greeted with a fusll
; lade from the west bank. The bullets
! went over their heads, but perforated
I the engine and express cars. Engineer
Joe Williams is likely fatally wounded.
The fireman cannot be found, but is
■ thought to be also wounded. While
; their companions on the bank were fir
ing, the two robbers on the engine
: Jumped oft*. The whole party escaped.
Nothing was obtained and nobody on
the train was injured except those on
the engine.
CERVERA MAY CONCLUDE
TO REMAIN WITH US
Rumor That He and His Son Will
Take Up Their Residence at
the Hub.
ANNAPOLIS, July 21.— A well-defined
rumor, which cannot, however, be traced
to an authoritative source, was on every
body's lips here to-day to the effect that
Admiral Cervera had expressed a deter
mination not to return to his native coun
try at the close of hostilities betweeen the
United States and Spain. It is said that
the admiral has decided to take up his
residence In Boston, whither he will re
pair with his son, Lieutenant Cervera,
who is also a prisoner here, as soon as
peace is declared.
LATEST REPORT FROM
REAR ADMIRAL DEWEY
WASHINGTON, July 21.— The fol
lowing dispatch has been received here:
"CAVITE, July 17, via Hongkong,
July 20.— Situation unchanged. Second
army detachment arrived to-day. All
well on board. The health of the squad
ron continues good. No sickness what
ever. DEWEY."
THE SAX FRAN CISCO CAXL, FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1898.
RACE WINNERS
IN THE EAST
But One Favorite Lands
at St. Louis.
FAT PURSES UP AT DETROIT
PACES SPLIT SILK TAKES A
$5000 STAKE.
Cincinnati Jockey Club Announces
That There Will Probably Be
No More Racing at
Oakley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. July 21.— Weather clear;
track fast at Washington Park. Results:
First race, mile and a sixteenth— Tuba Dam.
2 to 1. won; Sidonian, even, second; Winslow
third. Time, I:4*>4.
Second race, six and a half furlongs — Mary
Black 2 to 1. won; Lady Ellerslle. 6 to 5. sec
ond; Cotalone third. Time. t:lf%.
Third race, six furlongs, Hyde Park stakes,
$2000 added— Toluca, 7 to 2. won; Jolly Roger,
3 to 1, second; Overton third. Time, 1:1314.
Fourth race, mile and an eighth — Dr. Shep
ard. 2 to 1. won; Candleblack, 1 to 2, second;
Alfresco third. Time. 1:53.
Fifth race, live furlongs— Jinks. 12 to 1. won;
Survivor. 6 to 5, second; Holland third. Time.
1:0114.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth — Charlie
Christie, 8 to 5. won; Libertine, out, second;
Jue Clark third. Time. 1:45%.
ST. LOUIS, July 21.— Sorrow was the
only winning favorite at the Fair Grounds
to-day. Weather pleasant; track fast.
Summaries:
First race, for maiden fillies and mares, six
furlongs:
Llvada, 100 (J. McDonald). 9 to i 1
Katie Longfellow, 102 (G. Combs), 6 to 1 and
2 to 1 I
Calla Lily. 103 (Tobln), 80 to 1 3
Time. 1:16.
Vide Vance. Cousin Lizzie. Little Sallle. Joan
of Arc. Al Russell, Christobel. Hoosier Lily,
Picarona. Brightie B. Blanche. Hattle Ashley,
Annie Blackburn and Cora Park also ran.
Second race, for maiden two-year-olds, five
furlongs:
Jessie Jarbo*. 103 (C. Clay), 3 to 1 1
Evelyn Byrd. 103 (Caddy), 11 to 10 to 1 to 3.. 2
Uncle Bill, 106 (Lines), 16 to 5 3
Time, l:03i. 4 .
Blenheim, Pauline J, Protect. Sid Tilla.
George Dunett. Baron St. Pierre. Koenlg,
Croupier, Elghor, Failoneue and Havel also
ran.
Third race, mile and seventy yards:
Basqull. 100 (Snell). 7 to 1 1
Ed Farrell. 94 (Frost), 7 to 20 and out 2
Gotobed, 87 (Kelly), S to 1 3
Time. 1:46%.
Judge Steadman. Confession and Leaeeman
also ran.
Fourth race, handicap, for two-rear-olds, five
and a half furlongs:
i Leo Planter, 121 (J. McDonald). 10 to 1 1
Chancery, 114 (C. Combs), 11 to 5 and i to 5.. 3
Good Hope, 106 (Butler), 9 to 2 3
Tirr.e. 1:10.
Be True and Rosa Clay also ran. O'Connor*!
boy fell oft at the start.
Fifth race, six anil a half furlongs, selling:
Sorrow. S»6 tHothersalls), 15 to 20 1
Silver Set, 109 (Hall), 5 to 1 and 8 to a 2
Xallssa, S2 (Lines). 6 to 1 3
Time. 1:22.
Wiggins, Travis, Garnet Ripple, Shield
Bearer. Davzac, Adowa, Nettie Bell and Cor
respond also ran.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing:
Madolla, 101 (Gllmore), 6 to 1 1
Flngal, (Caste), 10 to 1 2
Moralist. - — (Lines). S to 1 3
Time. 1:47.
Alma Glynn, Helen H. Gardiner. Minerva,
I Percita, Anger, Prince of India, Gomez, C. S.
I Bush, Uncle Abb and Mitchell also ran.
DETROIT. July 21. -After finishing In
: the ruck for three heats. Spilt Silk won
! the Chamber of Commerce $5000 stake for
i 2:2-4 class pacers at Gros3« Point track
to-day. Weather cool and track fast.
I Results:
2:2-4 class, pacing. Chamb«r of Commerce
stakes. JGOOO— Split Silk won fourth, fifth and
sixth heats. Time, 2:05*4, 2:10\. 2:12 V». Exploit
won second and third heats. Time. 2:11\.
2:09%. Lady of the Manor won first heat in
2:09%. The Swift, Happy Tom, Donnogh, Arling
ton, Merrltt \Vllkes and Fred T. Moran also
started.
2:19 class, trotting 1 , Hotel Cadillac stakes,
value $2500— Stamboulette won, Gayton second,
Mamie T third. Best time, 2:13 V».
2:09 class, pacing, purse $2000 — Searchlight
won. Sallle Toler second. Nicol B third. Best
time, 2:<X\.
BUTTE, Mont.. July 21. — Weather damp;
track heavy. Results:
First race, seven furlongs — La Maseota won,
Oakleaf second. New Moon third. Time. 1:29.
Second race, five furlongs — Rey Hooker won,
Taghalrm second. E Come third. Time, l:02W.
Third race, one mile — Lady Hurst won, Flash
light second, All Smoke third. Time, 1:42.
Fourth race, one and an etgth miles — Ostler
Joe won, Hlero second, Scottish Chieftain
third. Time. 1:55^.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— lmp. Mlssloner
won. Master Mariner second, Dolore third.
Time, 1:30.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs — Terri
ble won. May Boy second. None Such third.
Time, I:O9V*.
CINCINNATI. July 21.— Last week the
Cincinnati Jockey Club declared off their
fall meeting. Now it is announced that
there will probably be no more races at
the Oakley track. As soon as Colonel
Appleg-ate returns from Chicago the direc
tors will meet to consider the advisability
of applying for a receiver. The Indebted
ness is mostly due to stockholders who
have personally advanced money. With
three tracks and 180 days of racing each
season, this part has been overdone dur
ing the past two or three years. The
meetings were mad« shorter this year, but
still the spring meeting of only fifteen
days at Oakley was unprofitable.
NEW YORK, July 21.— Brighton Beach
summaries:
First race, six furlongrs, selling:
Juno, 114 (Doggett), 6 to S \
Ruby Lips. 101 (Maher>, 6 to 1 and 2 to 1 2
Marlto, 111 (James). 18 to 5 3
Time, 1:14%.
Decide. Tlnkltr, Prince Auckland and Ida J
D also ran.
Second race, five furlongs, selling:
Matanza, 109 (James), 3 to 1 l
Ninety Centy, 106 (Conley), 20 to 1 and 8 to 1.. 2
St. Clalr. 115 (Domett). 4 to 1 3
Time, l:o2\i.
Mark Miles. Subject. Prince of Wales. Mount
Clements and Belgravia also ran.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing:
Free Lance, 112 (Doggett), 4 to 5 1
Banquo 11, 106 rjames), 11 to 5 and out 2
Merlin, 98 (O'Connor). 7 to 2 3
Time. 1:49>4.
Fourth race, five furlongst
Anagram, 99 (Songer), 3 to 1 i
Helen Thomas, 99 (Thompson), 60 to 1 and
20 to 1 2
Lacheviol. 104 (Murphy), 9 to 5 3
Time. 1:02^4.
Tender Sveca, Tendresse, Lady Exile, Rook
Dove, Lepida, Loiter and Onondaga'9 Pride
also ran.
Fifth race. Santiago handicap, one and an
eighth miles:
Briar Sweet, 102 (Maher), 2 to 1 1
Dr Cattlett, 112 (Murphy), 7 to 2 and even.. 2
Our Johnny, 100 (Songer). 30 to 1 3
Time, 1:53.
Peep o* Day and Semper Ego also started.
Sixth race, one mile. selling:
Glenoine. I<¥) (Maher). 7 to 10 l
Taranto. 110 (Bergen), 10 to 1 and 4 to 1.... 2
Leo Lake, 107 (E. Jones). 10 to 1 3
Time, 1:42^4.
Tanls. Ella Daly. Frohman, Ten Pin. Hurl,
Tortensen and Governor Budd also ran.
INDIANS TAKE TWO
FROM THE ORIOLES
Former Club Now Third in the Baca
for the Pennant — Incident of
the Second Game.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ! Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..54 28 .«59|New York ..41 37 .528
Boston 51 2j .63* Philadelphia 34 41 A",
Cleveland ...49 30 .620 Brooklyn ...32 45 .416
Baltimore -.46 31 s'j7 Washing-ton 30 43 .379
Chl'-airo 46 36 .561 Louisville ..27 55 ..<?}
Pittsburg ...43 J7 .633 St. Louts ...21 60 .256
BALTIMORE, July 21.— The Indians
captured two Oriole scalps this afternoon.
Both McJames and Nops were wild and
Ineffective. In each Instance when the
game was Irretrievably lost Hanlon sent
Kltson to the box, who allowed the
visitors but three hits in eight innings.
During the second game a spectator in I
the grand stand called Tebeau a viie
name. The doughty captain fired a bat
at the man, but did no damage. After
the game Tebeau was arrested on the
charge of disorderly conduct and de
posited $2 45 for his appearance in the
Police Court to-morrow. Attendance 3029.
Score, first game:
Baltimore S 11 2
Cleveland 6 9 1
Batteries— Me James. Kltson and Robinson:
Jones and Crlger. Umpires— O'Day and Mc-
Donald.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 1 8 3
Cleveland 7 7 0
Batteries— Nopa, Kitson and Clark: Young
»nd Zimmer. Umpires — McDonald ar.d O'Day.
WASHINGTON. July 21.— The visitors I
won two games by good batting and
fielding. Attendance 2000. Score, first i
game:
Clubs— R. H. E. i
Washington S 12 3
Cincinnati 12 Is '1
Batteries— Pinneen. Weyhlng and McGuire:
Pammann. Hawley and Vaughn. Umpires —
Emslie and Hunt. j
Score, seond game:
Washington 4 g 4
Cincinnati 7 11 1
Batteries — Swalm and McGuire; Breltenstein
an 4 Peitz. Umpires — Emslle and Hunt.
NEW YORK, July 21.— The Louisvilles
surprised everybody by winning two
games from the Brooklyns this afternoon.
The home team played like a lot of
schoolboys in both games, Magoon was
the only exception. Attendance 1500.
Score, first game:
Brooklyn 2 8 2
Louisville 5 11 4
Batteries — Kennedy and Grim; Fraz°r and
Klttredge. Umpires — Lynch and Andrews.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 4 8 5
Louisville 7 8 3
Batteries — Dunn and Ryan; Altrock and
Powers. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
PHILADELPHIA. July 21.— The Phillies
defeated Chicago to-day in an uninterest
ing game. Fifteld pitched a fine game,
allowing Chicago only two hits. At
tendance 1144. Score:
Clubs- R. h. E.
Chicago l 2 2
Philadelphia 3 6 4
Batteries— Griffith and Chance; Flfleld and
ilcFarland. Umpires— Gaffney and Hunt.
NEW YORK. July 2L— The Giants and
Pirates broke even In a bargain-counter
attraction. Seymour's $10,000 arm was
much in evidence until the ninth inning,
when he went into the air. Three bases
on balls, a hit by pitched ball and a
I single did the business.
In the second game Tannehlll was easy,
i and in the four innings pitched managed
to lose the game. Hoffer. who relieved
him, pitched good ball. Attendance 4000.
Score, first game:
Clubs— r, h. E.
New York l 4 1
Pittsburg J 3 2
Batteries— Seymour and Grady; Hastings and
Schrlver. Umpires— Swartwood and Wood.
Score, second game:
Clubs- r. h. E.
New York 11 n 0
Pittsburg 7 18 4
Batteries— Gettig and 'Warner: Tannehill.
Hoffer and Schrlver. Umpires— Swartwood and
Wood.
BOSTON, July 21.— game of six
innings to-day was one-sided as Sudhoft
was very wild. Five Boston players were
given bases on balls, one was hit and
Sudhoft made a wild pitch. Rain stopped
the game and also prevented the adver
tised second game. Attendance 2500.
Score:
Clubs— r. h. E.
Boston .- 7 7 0
St. Louis i 2 0
Batteries— Willis and Yeager: Sudhoff and
Clements. Umpires— Snyder and Connelly.
Baseball Up in Washington.
SPOKANE, July 21.— Score:
I Clubf«— R. H. E.
Spokane 10 9 5
Seattle g 1S c
TACOMA, July 21.-Score:
Clubs— ..,». R. h. E.
Tacoma 3 9 6
Portland 7 9 3
WOMAN BURNED TO
DEATH AT REDDING
Mrs. Fred Hendley Perishes in an
Effort to Save a $4000 801 l
of Greenbacks.
REDDING, July 21.— A fire occurred in
this city this afternoon in which Mrs.
Fred H-ndley was burned to death and
her husband burned on the face, arms
and back. but It is believed he
will survive his injuries. They were
engaged in trying to save their house
hold belongings from the flames, when
they were caughtt in the only room ten
able, by reason of the door blowing shut
and the knob pulling out when they at
tempted to open the door.
The husband broke out a window and
got out, but his wife went back to a far
ther corner of the room, where they had
$4000 In greenbacks hidden, to rescue the
treasure, and becoming suffocated by the
smoke never reached the window again
but fell a victim to the flames. After the
fire had burned itself out the body of the
woman was found, burned to a crisp.
The husband received his burns In his
endeavor to save his wile.
GRAIN THIEF CAPTURED.
How the Sutter County Fanners
Have Been Bobbed.
MARTSVILLE, July 21.— For several
weeks the farmers of this county. have
been bothered by a thief who, under cover
of darkness, stole wheat from newly
threshed piles in the field In lots ranging
form ten to twenty sacks. D. A. Os
trom, Joe Westwood and James Cutts,
prominent farmers, are among ....e vic
tims. This evening Sheriff Donahoe of
this county and Sheriff Smith of Sutter
County landed a man named Bill Hicks
in the County Jail here charged with the
crime. Grain stolen from a Sutter Coun
ty farm last night was found in his pos
session. He llevs in a cabin two miles
east of town on the Browns Valley road.
The officers have hopes of locating all the
stolen grain.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ray The othei
>^f^ ftnl * Yorker started
L r"3fts Fur \ across Broad-
SjpSßiafiG^ °f wind blew
invisible atom
of dust in one of his eyes. It blinded
him. He clasped his hands over his eyes
and staggered on, only to be ran down
and killed by a cable car. That man's
death was due to an insignificant trifle,
an atom of dust that was barely visible
tinder the microscope. It is thus .with
health. Men find that they are suffering
from a trifling disorder of the digestion.
It doesn't amount to anything, they think,
and time is precious. They don't stop to
correct it, but stagger blindly on and are
run down in the heyday of ambitious
youth by death.
.Neglected indigestion is the first caust
of all manner of wasting diseases and
all forms of nervous disorders. Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
cures all disorders of the digestion.
It invigorates the liver, imparts a keen,
hearty appetite and causes the life-giving
elements of the food to be perfectly as-
similated. It purifies the blood and
builds healthy tissue. It is the great
blood-maker, flesh-builder, and nerve
tonic. It cures consumption, wasting
diseases and all disorders of the nerves.
" I was a sufferer five or six years from indiges-
tion," writes D. F. Holmes, of Gaffney, Spartan-
burg Co., S. C "also from sore stomach and
constant headache. I then used Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery and ' Pleasant Pellets.'
which in a few days gave me permanent relief."
"The People's Common: Sense Adviser"
explains symptoms of ailments common to
every family, and suggests remedies. It
has several chapters on woman's diseases
and •: weaknesses. ■ An edition :, in ! heavy
paper covers will be distributed absolutely
free. Send the World's Dispensary Med-
ical Association, Buffalo, N. V.. 21 one-cem
stamps, to pay the -cost of mailing only
Cloth binding may be had for 31 stamps.
. — . .— - ... . "*•- - -■-•
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; ' ___
MOUTH
Thus the Sale Gets About.
The good things are transmitted by friends, one
to the other. Hence the instantaneous . success of
this great Clean-Up Sale.
A friend will always put you on to a good thing,
rs GOOD THINGS
\|tef For Friday,
Probably Saturday if the
I C\ quantity holds out.
/ V \ All-wool Suits.
I ° A \ The balance of our broken
\ o / ) lines.
\/ i V I To make a clean-up like
I ■ \ Admiral Sampson, we say
i /V V *^T for 'em •
z\l 1 1 1\ AL • ™""^ cc em n our corner
\ ijTlrlcrw^i window.
»—
HOW SWELL bV--W-
Admiral Dewey looks in fcl J^/
that double-breasted blue \jp^ "1\
serge Suit. We have 'em \ \ 1
in other colorings as well. 4f\||fll^Aj I 1
Many styles to pick from. /\|/|V||j\/\i7rt *
$15 is near right for 'em. /".^^[k F%A ii^\/
A good thing while they If ?▼JL I
$7.45. W U
% #T\/I II - \ ) 1
__ n ay
1L WORSTED
■ AT. A suits.
\r-i \[J The Hero of Santiago
\ / ' \ | Dressed in our Black Clay
\ I V Worsted Cutaway Suit.
■M \ I If s a very dressy garment,
M L ■^L-«- Br mi single and double breasted
f Olwl tMiIiI Jl sacJc styles. If you wish,
a WntlttMßii f anoy f ahrics as well -
As We iWOUU'' Suits that are worfh $ 18
I)pp^\ IIIIM t° $20. You know we're
!t| \ ff making a clean-up. Hence
}r \ a M the price,
$9.95.
MAT 9 /r-v <i^r-^
A CASE OF GRAB. ..
That's what if s been all week. What a rush for
them! Why shouldn't they ? Isn't the price ridicu-
lous ? They come in cheviots and worsted stripes.
What we have left until Saturday night at
! 95 Cents. II
9, 11, 13, 15 Kearny Street.
NATURAL-BORN CLEANERS.
Mothers, we- have unearthed
some nuggets for you for Friday
and Saturday. We have taken,
all our short lines in pretty
Reefer Suits, in pretty Middies,
in the double-breasted styles for
the older boy. In fact, they're
all our 35 and $6 Suits, and a
handsome collection they are
too. Full winter weight. These
to clean out at
' $2.55.
THE CREAM OF OUR STOCK
Is represented here, and what a,
lovely lot of Suits! We have
determined to clean up our
stock. We have closed our eyes
to losses in these fine goods.
Handsome Sailors, our choicest
Middies, our very finest of two-
piece goods ; you know how we
make 'cm — none to equal 'em.
They're $7 , SS and $9 values.
All ages 3 to 16 years; short
trousers. What a c 7 pan-up at
$3.33.
BOYS' KNEE TROUSERS.
nWe have too
many Knee
Trousers. We
shall place on
M / I sale over 1200
pairs of all-wool
Knee ' Trousers ;
E§ I buckle at the
nH» g I knee. Never
WkLmmmmmmJk mm d what they
BoLa /or. Our price to-day,
45c.
GREAT SHIRT **&s*tL
VALUES. Ufrfm
There's just iff' j|
200 dozen in "i \^,^/t g[
all. Shirts with \ nT^ ') ;
pretty French Ij 5
Madras fronts, j jjf
white bodies, (| > *
extra pair of ij j| ; ;
cuffs to match | ;
the front. Val- 1
ues up to $1.50 X 1 j V
and $2. This is , 1 ■ '
a corker, boys. -, &-fv ® *' ' r—t ,
Friday and Saturday at
We.
NEW LADIES' COLLARS.
tM any new
<=T3»^F^ styles are in.
iJff'Vf #C Pretty Ladies'
yl^ r yh Collars. You
// knoiv our Col-
/(^^^^'Y lars — equal to
' ' any 25c collar
' in the city. On
sale to-day in our Ladies' Col-
lar Department at
IQc.
— - t
Boys' French
Percale Waists U^i
In new fall pat- \_^»w
terns, with de- >
tached collars. /fftjfpff^
Very pretty pat- mWfMsmiMk
terns. Jiost for
a flyer, Friday f
and Saturday Ft—^-%'
45c« ;
Boys' Underwear
J%rfT%^- In Jersey Rib-
&<fogfsfi^ bed. Good, solid
'■' "5 j \ weight. Many
] j j I shades to select
\ from. Full fin-
j ished seams \
!J. [j Regular 50c
tttm^^ values. Your
1H Ml Mil 11} pick for
25c.
34
FIELDS AS A
CLEVER MORAL
CONTORTIONIST
His Methods Sharply Criticized
by Corporation Coynsel
J. B. DeviQe.
Made Contradictory Reports on the Affairs of
the Union Building and Loan
Association.
SACRAMENTO. July 21.— "Mr. J. I*
Fields, when he signed his report to
the shareholders of the Union Build-
Ing and Loan Association, wherein he
he declared that he found everything
correct and satisfactory, was serving,
during the entire period of his investi
gations, as secretary to the State Board
of Building and Loan Commissioners;
and while he signed his report as a
'public accountant,' he came to Sacra
mento in his official capacity, and the
stockholders believed when he read his
report that it came from an official
source."
Such were the words of Corporation
Counsel J. B. Devlne this morning in
speaking of The Call's expose of the
methods employed by J. L. Fields
In dealing with the sacred rights and
Interests of the innocent stockholders
in the defunct association above men
tioned.
"Mr. Fields was given $75 for mak
ing that report, as an accountant, by
the secretary of the association," con
tinued Mr. Devine. "When the com
mittee* from the stockholders made an
investigation of the association's af
fairs we found that Mr. Fields had
come to Sacramento for the purpose
of looking into the affairs of the as
sociation, as was his duty under the
law. The law also requires the •asso
ciation to prepare a statement under
the direction of some expert appointed
to do that particular kind of work. We
found that Mr. Alsip had engaged Mr.
Fields to do the work of an expert, and
while he was proceeding in the capac
ity of an official from the State board,
he incidentally picked up $75, as his
pay tor work which he could easily do
while he was looking through the books
as secretary to the Commissioners.
Now, while this may not be contrary
t" any statute, and may be looked upon
as a matter of propriety on the part
i:' the secretary, it certainly led to
misunderstandings and a misapprehen
sion on tliv part of the shareholders
who heard Mr. Fields' report read as
ii!i 'expert, 1 when they thought he was
Breaking as an official. "
Mr. Devlne displayed no hesitancy in
condemning such a practice, and with
Major Weinstoek and the balance of
the shareholders acknowledges that he
was entirely misled through the em-
I'loyment of Mr. Fields in a private ca
pacity during the period when he was
supposed !o be acting as an impartial
guardian of their interests under the
law which defines the duties, powers
and obligations of the State Commis
sion.
Bet ti'in 6 of the act of 1893 provides
"ih.it the Commissioners shall visit
once in every year, and as much
oftener as they may deem expedient,
every building and loan association In
tho State." It is very evident that the
Commissioners intended to meet the re
quirements of that statute by Bending
in their stead the secretary, who by
the very nature of his employment was
in a better position to make the in
quiry contemplated than the Commis
sioners themselves. Consequently,
when Mr. Fields came to Sacramento
ho came under the direction of the stat
ute and the shareholders had a right to
presume that every communication
coming from him to them was In iho
nature of an official notice of the con
dition of their association. The law
further provides that "the commission
shall have access to the vaults, books,
papers, and shall thoroughly 'examine'
and 'expert' all the affairs of the asso
ciation."
Section 9 of the same act directs
"that if the commisison find upon ex
amination that such corporation has
been violating the provisions of the l^w
governing such associations or Is con
ducting business in an unsafe manner,
such as to render its further proceed
ings hazardous to the public or those
having funds in Its custody, they shall
notify the Attorney General, who shall
commence proceedings." etc.
The question arises. Did Mr. Fields
upon his examination find that the
Union Building and Loan Asoeiation
of Sacramento was violating the pro
visions of the law or was conducting
Its business in an unsafe manner, or
such as to render its further proceed
ings hazardous to the public and those
having funds In its custody? Mr. Fields,
as a public accountant, says he "found
the books and accounts in a satisfac
tory- condition." Mr. Fields, as the ex
amining officer of the State commis
sion, says in his letter to Major Wein
ptock that he told some of the directors
that the affairs of the association should
be wound up at once and go into li
quidation. He did more. He gave the
directors three weeks in which to fol
low out his directions or show to him
that he was wrong in his estimates of
value. As a matter of fact Mr. Fields
must have known that there was no
possible escape from the inevitable fail
ure of the association. Yet he did not
so inform the shareholders, but kept
them in the dark, and until their com
mittee reported they had no intimation
Whatever of the awful state of affairs.
This committee in its report says:
"The records show a thoroughly reck
less and unbusinesslike method of
making loans." Mr. Fields saw thesame
records, yet he reported thinsrs to be in
a "satisfactory condition." Mr. Fields
was an expert and was better qualified
to judge of such matters, yet he found
"correctness" and "satisfaction" on the
same pupres of tho association's books
where the committee found "reckless
ness and unbusinesslike methods." It
seems hardly probable that the $75
given to Mr. Fields for his service as
a public accountant could have blinded
hip official eyes, and yet what he saw
officially was certainly overlooked pri
vately, even though he went through
the books but the one time, and after
which he prepared the "accountant's"
report, and yet suppressed knowledge
from the shareholders which he must
have gained in the same research, be
cause he admits It In his letter to Ma
3err YYYinstock.
Section 18 of the law of 1895 says:
"Every building and loan association
shall make a report once a year to the
commissioners, verified by oath of the
president and secretary, showing ac
curately the financial condition of as
sets at the close of said term, the
amount and character of all liabilities
ajn.d all moneys."
Now this report is made upon the
recommendations of the expert ap
pointed to go over these books and ac
counts. When Mr. Fields reported
things -satisfactory to the shareholders
austained the report of the direct
ore; at the same time he gave warn
ing to them that they must go into
immediate liquidation.
Further still was Mr. Fields bound
by his oath of office to make this re
port as it should have been made.
Section 14 of the act reads as follows:
"The commission, if in their opinion
any such corporation or its officers
have violated any law in relation to
such corporation, shall forthwith re
port the same with such recommenda
tions as they deem expedient to the
Attorney General, who shall forthwith
institute a prosecution for such viola
tion in the name of the people of fne
State."
It would be uncharitable to say that
Mr. Fields had not discovered very
serious violations of the law when he
went through the books. The fact that
the very report he signed showed in
1896 that the association held over
$106,000 in real estate, when the law
never contemplated nor permitted any
holdings in real estate, should have at
least merited some reference. He also
found $19,785.50 delinquent Interest.
The fact that Edwin K. Alsip is now
an absconder is due to the violation of
law while he was the secretary of the
association, yet Mr. Fields found it
not, or at least he made no report of
it, as the law directs.
It is a bad kettle of fish all through;
at the same time there is little solace
In such a reflection on the part of
those who intrusted their investments
to the supervision of Mr. J. L». Fields,
secretary and representative and act
ing agent of the State Board of Com
missioners for Building and Loan As
sociations of the State of California.
FIELD RETICENT.
He Refuses to Discuss the The-
ory of His Unofficial
Conduct.
"Throw a stone at a pack of curs and
the cur that is hit will howl."
This is the imprudent explanation that
J. L. Fields advanced in a lit of stammer-
Ing excitement yesterday in answer to
the article published in The Call of
yesterday, In which was fully
outlined his methods of conducting his
office as secretary to the Commissioners
on Building and Loan Associations.
Who is the particular cur that Mr. Field
would fain point out? If the decision
were allowed for determination by ocular
Judgment guided by ordinary Intelligence,
he would undoubtedly be censured by the
revolt of hia own conscience after the
Btonn of anger and resentment had fully
cleared away and he were allowed to
think and revolve the quotation Into its
correct meaning.
The article that Mr. Field objected to
was a plain and unbiased collaboration
of facts published for the weal of the
general community to the exclusion of
any and all partisan motives for an in
dividual attack.
Although the quotation, cribbed from
John Goff, one of the members of the cel
ebrated Lexow Committee, is a wise one,
it nevertheless should not be allowed con
sideration in the ordinary mind, as its
meaning is equivocal and can cut both
ways with equal facility, thereby render
ing it exceedingly dangerous for offhand
utterance. Iso matter how the equivo
cation, as it has been uttered and now
exists, might be twisted, it could not in
the ordinary conception of English be
construed into any other meaning than
that which it infers— that the coiner of it
is the cur hit. The object of the quotation
was to have its meaning strapped upon
Fields' enemies, who have been Impru
dent enough to stir his ire by affixing
their signatures to published statements;
but the stone has returned with an alarm
ing velocity, similar to the boomerang,
back to the wielder of the weapon.
Other than the quotation cited Fields
would say absolutely nothing, although
given an opportunity to make a state
ment in denial or at least explanation of
the facts published. He would neither
affirm nor deny the truth of the article,
and when pressed to answer questions re
lating to its authenticity pleaded as an
excuse that he didn't care to be involved
in a controversy of any kind. Hi re
fused bluntly and somewhat excitedly in
answer to the question as to who was
paying the expenses of his so-called of
ficial visit to bacramento, and reiterated
his groundless reasons for not doing bo.
Why he should refuse can probably be
explained by the truth of the published
statements.
One of the things that Fields will have
to explain before he can he cleared of the
charge of unofficial conduct is the follow
ing passage quoted from Wednesday's
Call:
"On December 16, 1896, he made a re
port to the shareholders of the Union
Building and Loan Association of Sacra
mento, wherein he took occasion to say,
in the capacity of a 'Public Accountant,'
that the books and accounts of the asso
ciation were in a correct and satisfactory
condition, when as a matter of fact it
would be most difficult to find the affairs
of any association in a more unsatisfac
tory condition."
Fields' effort to explain his whitewash
ing report about the Union Building and
Loan Association of Sacramento is ex
ceedingly weak.
He says: "I did not give a certificate as
secretary of this board (Building and
Loan Commissioners). What I did sign
was as a public accountant, for I never
have and never will give a certificate as
an official of this board."
If Mr. Fields did not offlciallv "examine"
into the affairs of the Union Building and
Loan Association of Sacramento, then
the said association must have paid him
for the work and for his traveling ex
penses.
Did the Union Building and Loan Asso
ciation of the State of California pay these
expenses? If Mr. Fields acted as Pub
lic Accountant the question arises, How
much of his time does the State pay for
as Secretary? When he visits building
and loan associations for the purpose of
experting their books does ho Inform
them in advance whether or not he acts
in an official capacity or In that of Pub
lic Accountant?
When the idea of having State super
vision over building and loan associations
in this State was advocated in convention
In San Francisco the strong point was
made that reports of expert examinations
would be stamped by official authority.
Mr. Fields' plea would upset an this
and his report simply as an accountant
would have no more weight than that
of the experts who made examinations
prior to the passage of the act creating
a Board of Building and Loan Commis
sioners.
Who paid Mr. Fields' railroad fare to
and from Sacramento at the time he ex
amined the books of the Union Building
and Loan Association? Did he get leave
of absence from the Commissioners If he
left their office to go on private business
as an accountant? At his office in the
Clunie building there is painted on the
door, "J. L. Fields, Secretary State Build
ing and Loan Commissioners," but no
"Public Accountant."
If, according to himself. Mr. Field did
not make his report as secretary of the
State Building and Loan Commissioners
it is a fortunate thing for his own reputa
tion and that of the commission that he
did not do so, because it is so meager and
unsatisfactory. He appears to be "devil
ish sly" In keeping clear of snags and J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1898.
shoals by carefully avoiding dangerous
details of facts and figures. Mr. Fields
Ingeniously declares: "I found that all
moneys had been properly entered and all
payments had been made by defendant."
Beyond this the certificate does not go."
Of course not, and for this the building
and loan associations of California are
taxed to pay the salaries and traveling
and office expenses of two Commissioners
and a secretary to expert the books and
accounts of the building and loan asso
ciations of California,
Mr. Field, the secretary. Is supposed to
do all the work of the office, and the man
ner In which it is done is evidenced by re
sults in Sacramento, where the deluded
stockholders of the Union Building and
Loan Association have been literally rob
bed under the nose of the secretary of the
State Commissioners of Building and
Loan Associations.
If put to a vote of th© officers of these
associations they would almost unani
mously declare in favor of abolishing this
worthless and expensive excrescence on
the body politic of this State.
SEEK A REDUCTION OF
THEIR^ASSESSMENI
The San Mateo Electric and Nevada
County Narrow Gauge Before
the State Equalizers.
SACRAMENTO. July 21.-Th© San
Francisco and San Mateo Electric Rail
way Company had Its inning to-day be
fore the State Board of Enualization. In
his petition for a reduction the secretary
of the corporation, William Clayton, made
the following statement: "The company
values the roadway, roadbed and fran
chises at $75,000 and rolling stock at $19,
776. The earnings of the road for the year
ending December 31, 1897 amounted to
$184,716 86, expenses $170,460 41."
Mr. Clayton said that the road last year
was assessed by the State Board at $75,
000, in view of the fact that the worn out
tracks were being renewed, that the
equipment was old and that the business
of the road had suffered much on account
of the rough roadbed. This year the com
pany has constructed ten miles of track —
the best piece of work of the kind ever
done on the coast. The company has in
creased the assessed valuation on the
road from $40,000 of last year to $95,000.
The latter amount, it was contended, was
a true and honest valuation of the road as
far as concerned the power of the board
to assess It. The power house, real estate
and improvements of the company are
assessed by the San Francisco Assessor.
In speaking of the franchise Mr. Clay
ton said that for the franchise to be val
uable the road must earn about 8 per
cent in order to right the depreciation of
property renewals, repairs and loss in life
of the franchise itself. He considered i
that his road was entitled to at least 3 I
per cent on the amount of its invesment.
Therefore the company would have to
earn more than 11 per cent before the
franchise could begin to confer any priv
ileges on the company. He maintained
that It was unreasonable to assess a
franchise on the total valuation of stocks
and bonds of a railroad company, as ad
vocated by Mayor Phelan of San Fran
cisco.
George Fletcher, secretary of the Ne
vada County narrow gauge railroad, run
ning from Colfax on the Central Pacific
to Nevada City, a distance of 22.18 miles,
appeared for his road. The road was as
sessed last year for $100,000, which has
been the amount of assessment for the
five previous years. According to the rail
road statement on file, the value of the
roadway, roadbed and franchise is placed
at $45,000, and the rolling stock at $23,200.
The earnings of the road for the year
ending December 31, 1897. were $105,592 68,
expenses $87.373 43: net $21,219 25; interest
payments $18,344 50. The improvements
and real estate have been assessed by the
Cuuntv Assessor at $1i1.072.
Mr. Fletcher said that, compared with
last year, the company had increased the
assessed valuation in some respects. The
road had no up-country business this
year, duo to the fact that the small hy
draulic mines could not be worked for
want of tree water coming from the melt
ed snow, of which there was a light fall
during the past winter. The business of
the road, however, was increased by the
prosperity of the quartz and drift mines |
in Nevada County. The mines received a
great deal of new machinery, which was
hauled over the road.
CADETS ENJOY
THEIR OUTING
Work and Play at Camp
Montgomery.
FUN OF REGIMENTAL DRILL
EIGHTY OASES OF MEASLES
AMONG THE BOYS.
Preparing for the Reception of Arch
bishop Riordan and Father
O'Ryan, Chaplain of the
Regiment.
CAMP MONTGOMERY, Santa Rosa,
July 21.— With deafening shouts and
! blood-curdling war whoops over 400
League of the Cross Cadets charged
across fields and scrambled over high
fences this morning in regimental drill
in a way that would have struck terror
to the hearts of Blanco's army had
they been In the vicinity. That the
boys are benefited by their encamp
ment is more apparent every day, both
in their drills and also in their soldierly
deportment.
Every morning while it is still cool
the regiment is marched out to the
drill grounds and two hours' hard drill
ing is accomplished under the careful
instruction of Colonel Sullivan. This
morning found twenty-eight young of
fenders in the guardhouse; they were
all put to work cleaning the camp and
were discharged from custody soon
after 10 o'clock. The call for dress pa
rade this evening was sounded soon
after supper, and, headed by Colonel
Sullivan, the entire regiment marched
to and held the impressive ceremony
of dress parade in front of the court
house. Fourth street was thronged by
the residents, who loudly complimented
the cadets' deportment and their natty
appearance in white duck trousers.
Before going to the courthouse thy
regiment paid the Rev. Father Cassin
a visit, marching past his house at
"the present." The march was then
resumed to the Ursaline Academy,
where the band took up a position on
the lawn and tendered the Sisters of
the academy a military serenade.
To-morrow his grace Archbishop
Rlordan, accompanied by the regimen
tal chaplain, Rev. Father O'Ryan, will
pay the boys a visit. He will arrive Jn
Santa Rosa at 10 o'clock and he will be
met at the depot by the entire regiment
and escorted to and from the camp by
the cadets.
Captain F. G. Monahan has the
measles. The hospital has so far
treated eighty cases in camp.
Read the Exciting travels of two
French adventurers who were five
years making their way from San
Diego to Paris, in next Sunday's Call.
Finigan Perjury Case Dismissed.
SAN RAFAEL. July 21.— Colonel Peter
A. Finlgan. the "Hotel Rafael pauper,"
will not have to stand trial on the charge
of perjury preferred by his wife. Justice
George Rodden, lief ore whom his pre
liminary examination was held, has decid
ed that the evidence is not sufficient to
warrant a conviction, and accordingly haa
dismissed the case.
Dr. Shrady, president Red Cross
Society, writes about the chances of
our soldiers in war, In next Sunday's
Call.
BRINGING ORDER
OUT OF CHAOS IN
LAWLESS SKAGUAY
Town Still Under Martial Law,
but Soapy Smith's Gang Is
Scattered.
Many Disappointed Gold Seekers Return
From Copper River— That Privateer
Story Revived.
JUNEAU, Alaska, July 17, by steam
ship Al-Kl to Departure Bay, B. C,
July 21.— The town of Skaguay is still
under martial law and all saloons are
Btill closed. Possibly the latter may
be opened to-morrow or next day.
Every ship carries south, even yet, pas
sengers who would not leave but for
threatened developments.
Preliminary hearings of persons sus
pected of standing in with the Soapy
Smith gang have been in progress sev
eral days. Marshal Shoup rounded up
all thOße who had been bound over by
the United States Commissioners,
twenty-six in all, chartered the steamer
Farallon, which happened to be in port,
herded all aboard and took them to
Sitka to prison. The Jail at Sitka was
already full and an annex of some kind
must be provided. Deputy United
States Marshal Taylor, who is accused
of general and particular complicity
with the gang, and one other man were
not put in irons, as at first reported.
The citizens' investigation committee
is still at work. The spirit of refor
mation has evidently seized the town
more seriously than ever before. The
$2700 of gold dust stolen from Klon
diker Stewart in Soapy Smith's saloon
has been recovered — that is, a part of
it. As thorough a search of the town
as was possible, together with a pow
erful bluff of the investigation commit
tee against suspected members of the
Soapy Smith gang, resulted In the dis
covery of all but JSOO in Soapy's trunk.
It is believed that this sum indicates
that a divvy had been made and that
the missing $500 was for some mem
ber of the gang.
City Surveyor Frank Reid, who shot
and killed Soapy, is also doomed to
death. Blood poising has resulted from
his wound in the thigh and it is said
he cannot recover. If Smith had died
before the steamer Tartar left there is
no doubt there would have been a num
ber of hangings.
In the search of rooms and houses a
large assortment of burglars' tools and
safe-cracking implements were found, j
This is taken to mean that these tools
were shortly to be used on the stores
and safes. Marshal Shoup thinks the |
gang intended to rob Alaska towns
and then hurry south.
The latest sensational report is that
the gang was about to begin operations j
against out-coming gold-laden Klon
dUcera by waylaying them on the trails.
There is said to be evidence of this, but
what it is has not leaked out of the
committee. This could be easily done in
the mountains and the bodies pitched
down Into ravines, where they would be
eaten by wild beasts and their crime
not be discovered for months, perhaps ;
never. But Soapy, the leader and or- !
ganizer, is dead. The gang is broken j
up, at least temporarily, and the chief j
of police, so-called, of Skaguay, is on |
his way to prison. J." W. Tanner of i
Juneau has been appointed Deputy I
United States Marshal at Skaguay in i
place of Taylor. The latter is charged j
with neglect of official duty.
Among those taken to Sitka by the j
Marshal are the following. They are
oh&rged with crimes from highway
robbery down: Turner Jackson, John
Clear, Al H. Isaacs, Charles Butler, '■
George Wilder, S. L. Taylor, Harry j
Bronson, W. E. Foster, Van B. Trip- .
let, John Bowens and Mrs. M. J. Tlr
pey. The woman is under arrest for
keeping a house of bad repute. The
situation has quieted down greatly.
The sorriest looking collection of i
gold-seekers from Copper River got
back to civilization and Juneau last
night on the steamship Excelsior. They
will take the regular steamers here and
proceed to Puget Sound and home. The
200 and more passengers secured a rate
of $15 to Juneau and $10 to the Sound.
The Excelsior also brought down a few
disappointed people from Yukatat.
Aboard were two Copper River boxed
corpses — the remains of Leroy Murfln I
of the Sleepy Eye mine, who died on
March 24 last, and J. H. Opdahl of Mar
shall, a miner who died the day before, j
both from exposure and over-exertion, j
Murfin wrapped his dead friend in a j
blanket, but no one was there to per- j
form even that small rite for himself.
Richard Shaw, a well-known youngvj
man of means of Rochester, N. T., who
took what was considered the best out
fit to Copper River, was drowned and |
his body not recovered. Some of the !
men have so little money that they are I
ADVERTISEMENTS. %.--—
-B-B-BS-B-B-B-B-B-B--B-B-B-y-H-B-B--a-B-B-B-B-
CURED OF NERVOUS DEBILITY!
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Makes a Re-
markable Cure in Two Months.
fpsj(p**- Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is a
«^» 'j^jr m magnificent remedy for weak men.
K^w^^wrsSSSffiZ. Its touch is the touch of magne-
TfeJ^3JiC~ tir^^&Si^im * ism - It: nlls tne nerves with snap.
\Sgfe^ Ht- I f' s£m "It charges the body with a grand
~ A y" LjrftSiSiwsr force of vitalizing energy and
i^'l'l^-.f JG&ijßP^ turns hack the hand of time for
gsj y * . *lsr^ men who have begun to feel old,
<~J^wMi * • M^J^S broken down and feeble. It Is a
fi^fjffrwt^^r Wsr grand remedy for all weakness
ll&ajiLtL*-. ■ in men - Read what tnls grateful
—&GJmfiiS& k ß^lO man says:
DR. SANDEJN— Dear Sir: I write to you to-day to let you know what your Belt
- has done for me. 'It Is now sixty days since I began i wearing the Belt you advised,
and ln that time It has made a great change ln me,* as I feel altogether different from
what I used to. I can say with a glad heart that your Belt has cured me of one of
the worst cases of - nervoue debility, and has made a new man ■of me. I am very :
grateful for the good I have received from your Belt and would recommend It to any
one suffering as 1 was. for lam sure they will never regret having given it a trial. I
will be glad to do all I can for you, and will be more than pleased to write to any
one who has any doubts as to the good I received from your Belt.. With best wishes,
I remain, yours very truly, A. ROUDBRBUBH. Malheur, Or., July 16, IS9B.
Are You the Man You Should Be ?
Study yourself. You can be a stronger man than you are. You
should be stronger. You should have more confidence in yourself. Steel
your nerves with this electric current. Feel its warming glow as Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt saturates your body with it. Call and test this
wonderful Belt, free. See what it , has done for others; 10,000 cures! If
you can't call, send for the book about it; free. Call or write to-day.
Don't put it off. Address ■ •
DR. A. T. SANDEN, * not in drug stores. T
mi. A. 1. OAllLF^l^, NOT IN DRUG STORES.
702 Market Street, Corner Ktumy, Ban TrtneiM*. . .  .
Office hours, I A. M. to 8 P. M.; Sunday", , Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. M4\s '« never sold ln drug stores
South Broadway: Portland. Or.. B» Washing- nor by traveling agents; only
ton street; Denver. C 01.. -831 Sixteenth street: at our of floe.
Dallas. Tex.. 286 Main street. —————— . *
sleeping on the dock. This little inci
dent illustrates what at least one of the
passengers thinks of his Copper River
experience.
The Excelsior will sail north in a
day or two. It is the same Btory again
as from the three preceding cargoes of
the blasted hopes which have arrived
here. Men who went up with the
promise of spring return with the "win
ter of discontent" in their faces. They
use almost the same words in telling
about it. Glaciers, bottomless crev
ices, blowing and drifted snow, seeth
ing storms, roaring water, howling
winds, canyons, declivities, precipices,
impassable currents and more impassa
ble rapids, overturned boats, lost out
fits, hunger, exposure, cold and heat,
hurricanes, toil, toil, toil, and last and
bitterest of all, no gold — scarcely a
color. Every man claims to have been
deceived in regard to the country.
A. J. Northcott of Buffalo, N. V., and
J. J. Skelly of Homer, N. V., succeeded
in getting up the river. Northcott
says that near its head they found
flour gold in a few scattered places,
but the ground was not rich enough to
work. There were many indications
of paying copper. As an Instance of
the rapidity with which water runs in
that country these two men say they
came down Tachna River in a small
boat, eighteen miles, in forty-two min
utes.
The men stranded, unable to sell
their outfits, are still numerous. If
those beyond the glacier do not get out
within the next two or three weeks, the
returned goldseekers say, they will be
imprisoned there till next summer. It
is daring Providence, they Bay, to try
to shoot Miles Canyon down through
the glacier above its mouth. Manj are
too far up and will not be able to get
out.
Another view of the country, not
withstanding all the hard-luck stories,
is taken by hundreds of men up there.
They intend to stay, prospect the coun
try a year or two and see if there is
anything in it. Some are going up
over the divide and then down to Circle
City.
Information reached here by the last
regular steamer from the westward,
reviving that Victoria Spanish priva
i teer story, which is not altogether a
fake, and taken as a whole is rather
startling. The news comes through
two men widely known and of ac
knowledged standing in Alaska. The
first is C. S. Blackett, an attorney of
Juneau, who has just returned from
an extended trip to the westward, and
the other Colonel George Kostromet
ihoff of Sitka, official interpreter of the
United States District Court, who saw
the Russian colors pulled down and Old
Glory hoisted to the breeze on the flag
staff of Barranof Castle at Sitka when
Alaska became a United States pos
session in 1867 for $7,200,000. More
than that sum has since been taken out
of a single one of the many quartz
mines in Alaska.
Mr. Blackett said last night: "The
Victoria report of a privateer, which I
have seen in the papers since my rt
turn, brought to mind information re
ceived at Kodiak, where I was told
that a mysterious ship had been seen
in the vicinity of Analgo Pass, and
that she always dodged other ships. If
discovered the stranger ran from all
other ships, co that she could not be
made out. Her usual position was be
hind some island of the pass. No white
man or native had been able to make
her out. She was thought at Kodiak
to be a foreign vessel, and there is no
doubt that she acted most unaccounta
bly. This was about three weeks ago,
before the British cruiser Amphion was
dispatched north from Vancouver, B.
C Parties at Kodiak are going to
make an effort to identify the stranger.
She had one smokestack and appeared
to be about medium size."
Colonel Kostrometihoff says: "The
last Russian papers I received gave an
account of a Spanish cruiser which was
going to Bering Sea. The article stated
that a cruiser was to be sent and that
it was believed to be for the purpose
of privateering on the gold-laden ships
coming down from the Yukon. I have
not these papers here, or I would glad
ly show them to you. They are at my
home in Sitka. Mr. Blackett also told
me the story after he returned from
Kodiak.' 1 HAL HOFFMAN.
"Israel's Tithe to America," In
next Sunday's Call.
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Call
thrown off at their camp by sending name and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department
i-«o SANTA . .
'4^?\ CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing in
the world The wonderful Marine Gardens;
the great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel outdoor sports; dancing; PX™ l ?™-
nlcs; water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOLS
MARINE BAND and splendid ORCHESTRA-
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
campers.
Full Information, rates, illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal.
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
»T- **%& OAKLAND,
■>$&fsfebga&' 13th and Jefferson Sts.
l^snVirtFiltMKa«M Only 35 minutes
vffi wttTtlt' from Saa Fran-
Jj^rW^^Ji^nrult] A Desirable. Summer
£*£L?2££SU^ ■ and Winter Resort for
\ ■ Families, Travelers
R. M. BRIARB, Prop. an Tourists.
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
Lnke County, Cal,
Curative powers or springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
j picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
| of access; telephone connections and dally mall.
i Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or in San Francisco. 416 Pine street. F.
A. BUSSE. ' •'•;■"-•• -: - -.• "rjM-J-S:
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cat.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
I and baths, cleanest accommodation and table
Para! so stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St., S. F.. $8; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 8 a. m for Solcdad.
RoWßTSON^Man^gir. PlUnPhlat *****" ■*■
0 V 1 POP HOT SPRIWGS, Sonoma Co
AR II 111 1 1 1 -\ nnyn 'y *H houro from 8. F. sn4
WIIIIVUU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
i In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
; tain scenery: excellent - climate; good trout
'. streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
: phone, telegraph, dally mail; FIRST-CLASS
; SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
I round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tiburoa
j ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $1 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of ths
I past three years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats tree to guests. Fine Ushing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
; Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
* rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
. forest. The ideal spot for families because it Is
clean, no poison oak, no pests. And pure air ;
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public
ThePL £ REST.and HEALTH
ORGHARDSPRINGS
In the foothills of the Sierra Sevadas, nearColfax, odC.F.R.B, ;
: Plain, aniet retreat, finest scenery, water, mountain air,
fruit, and all the year around climate in California.
Ideal pround»andniiToandlni». On K. B: f 136 miles from San Fr»n.
$8 a week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address: Orcti.'fl Shrine*, Chicaso Park, Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering placa is located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine. stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation:
1 good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, 110.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDIKG. Manager.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County. 8 Hours from San Franei»co.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
' Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchantlat
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, «iegaat
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc
; .VATUKAL STEAM AND MINERAL RATH*
Tepid Swimming — ake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc Table . unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week; $2 and $2 50 per
day. R. 11. HOHTON, Proprietor.
I4T/lk%T&7 A r&FV springs.
HOWARD p'tah^p.o,
* "* T r * **■*-»' LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates. $8 $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific office. <U
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT»
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS.. Bes-
wlck. Sisklyou County, Cal.
/9 Vh fionn ninr And &*>& twat-
ff W UUUII LUC A ment go hand la
f I . In hand at HOTEL Qisbi.mam
Ufiflfll) I lIP IT And KOod treat-
UWU LLWA ment go hand la
hand at HOTEL. OlSM.maw
Lake port. Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
- PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
Natural attractions without limit. Pleasant
walks through shady canyons. Hunting and
fishing. Table supplied with fresh vegetables,
fruits, butter, milk and eggs. A delightful
country home. Free conveyance at depot; *7
per week. JOHN D. WINTER, Cloverdale, Cal.
HOTEL EL BONITO.
DUNCAN'S MILLS. Sonoma County. Open
all year; N. P. R. R. : best .boating, fishing, ■
bathing on Russian River. Fine walks, drives,
croquet/ billiards, etc.; excellent table. Terms:
JS.OO to $12.00 a week. - PETER SICKELS, pro- ,
prietor. or I. E. THAYER. 28 California street. -
ST. HELENA BANITARIUM. ;
Natural advantages; salubrious limiw; pic-
turesque scenery; : mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine- groves
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for '
these who need to obtain ; comfort, rest and
health culture in a short ' time. Address Bt.
Helena Sac^arium. St. ; Helena. Cal. ....'..
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage line *
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free ■ conveyance for parties of two or
more; grand redwood scenery. Address J. "
LUTTRINGER. Seavlew.. Sonoma County, or
. apply. It KRUSE, 207 Front St.. 8. V.. for par-
ticulars.
El Paso de Robies Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER... .....I...... Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
fcft
• f^Lj,,.  ,j ft- il, ti 41-. ti - 'Hi ll' II i
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT - PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
: =: " SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINOS.
NEW HOTEi AND COTTAGES.
: : .. PAIT> ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County,
Three hours from San Francisco, via Los
Gatos; 6 months ro:ndtrlp ticket, $4, or via
Santa Clara. $3 60. New swimming tank, 150x75
feet, and other improvements.
Hot and cold mineral baths.
Climate, scenery and location unequaled.
JOHN S. MATHESON. Manager.
EHLA! SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.'
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAIi
springs In America; all kinds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations; rates
reasonable. Write for Illustrated pamphlets.
Ban Francisco office, 816 Montgomery strode.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The most picturesque resort in California. Ha«
the only grapevine arbor in the State; a va-
riety of mineral springs, such as Soda Sul-
phur, Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath:
: swimming pool; billiards, shuffle-board,. croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round-trip $3 75. Stage meet*
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
GEXSEN.
The Place for AT)pTJ AT3TV I* PooT-
fjunljiiAi\U HILLS of th.
HEALTH SPRINGS i|i||:
Plain V Quiet Retreat, Finest scenery. Water.
Mountain Air, Fruit, and all t^e Tear
Around Climate in California.
Ideal grounds and surroundings. On R. R., 136 miles fm S.F.
$8 week. Open all year, send for Booklet.
Addresi Orchard Springs, Ohic»go Park, C»l.
ROWARDENNAN.
9 Banta Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo R!w.
t, hours from S. F.. 40 minutes from Sant£
Crut; grounds and river lit by electric light?
£»■ *,b, b » 0 ,7 lln Si boating, bathing and fishing
\?tt ' 1 « lnln K-foom in Santa Cro«
Mts . club, billiard and smoking rooms. New"
hard finished and elegantly furnished. TeW
phone and telegraph service. Round trip SI.
Address THOMAS L. BELL. Prop.. South B-a
JLomond.
LOVELY BEN LOMOND.
_Park House and cottages. New management
connected. %S week. R. H. BANFILL. Prop
/LlfiQ No staging to get there.
Zjrißg/| no , fog, mosquitoes er
JnUlllU winds when you & r4
there. Table unsurpassed
gates no. $12. $14 a week!
Springs up^^
SUMMIT SODA
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feetl
Daily mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June L Address OOUL-
DEN & JACOBS. Dormer, T>Tneer Co.. Csi
THE WEEKLY CALL.
©{ It Publishes the Cream of th»
J News of the Week and
erf MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON TMB
) PACIFIC COAST
5 The Best N. / Mining
7J Telegraphic \/ News That
°S Service on /V Is Accurate
oc The Coast / N^uptodaU
o< / V
o< Not a Line of It Sensational
o/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
c) it Dry or Uninteresting.
) Thoughtful. Truth.
o< — -*
O< * CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J AUTHETIML'
3IT ADVOCATES StNT BT
I HOME - . MAIL SI IB
«=< INDUSTRIES I XU£MERRITT WILL RECEIVE
TWENTY THOUSAND MEN
THE second ar.d third battalions
of the First South Dakota Regi
ment, under Colonel Frost., will
break camp at 6:15 o'clock this
morning and take up th» march
for the Rio de Janerio at the Pacific
Mail dock at 8 o'clock.
The line of march will be down Cal
ifornia to Central avenue, down Central
avenue to Post, down Post to Market,
thence out Second street to the dock.
COL. MORRIS IS RETIRED.
General M. P. Miller Desig
nated as the Officer to Take
Command a* the Presidio.
After over thirty-=^v*n years of
faithful and efficient service as an of
ficer in the arrr-.y of the United States
Lieutenant Colonel Louis T. Morris.
Fourth United States Cavalry, who has
been In command of the Presidio for
the past four month?, has been retired
and to-day this offli er will turn over
the command of the post to Brigadier
ral Marcua V. M i About the
first of this month ' lonel
ris was ordered before an examin
ing hoard, which was a er^-at surprise
to him. The sessions of th« board are
said to have l warm, as
it was rumored that th^ commanding
sr wns broutrht ' as a re
pult of snmp p^tty Jealousy existing be-
M ijor White, the
post surg^r;. hut this ha? since been
d'-nied. Colonel Morris, besides hav
ir.e a lari us heart, was
: r '- : . ; - . re s~rious trou
ble with that ongan, and it was a fore
h'>ard would
recommend that he be rel
• en daily expect
ing • that would retire him
Bterday he re
':• r dates from July
13. b tiflcation that the
r had of it was yester
it came to him in his mail
n, D. C. I
■ as d~signated as the
- to take command of the Pre-
I this he will do to-day or
• I until the formal trans -
■ is made Colonel Morris
mand. It is not known
the department intends to as
ral Miller to th<= permanent
■ • r • st, or if his rule will
■ mporary. Major J. J. Weis
rger of the First Battalion, First
Washington Regiment, is the ranking
officer at the Presidio next to Colonel
Morris, and it was supposed that he
would assume command of the post
upon the retirement of the latter of-
lonel Morris' war record and also
1 in the regular army since
the war Is one of which he has every
istly proud. He entered
the army May 14. 1861, as a first lleu
t in thr- Nineteenth Infantry.
mber 1. 1864, he was breveteil rap
tnin for gallant and meritorious s=s>r
9 'lurincr th^ Atlanta cnmpaisn, and
16. of the same year, he was
hr> v. • i major for conspicuous gallan
try In the battle of Nashville. The
first of these breveted ranks was for
mally confirmed February 15. leos,l e O5,
when Colonel Morris was made cap
tain. He then served with the Twenty
eighth. Thirty-seventh and Third In
fantry and the Eighth cavalry, and
April 11, 1889, he was made major and
transferred to the Third Cavalry. Sub
sequently he was promoted to the
grade of lieutenant colonel and as
signed tn the Fourth Cavalry-.
je the declaration of war with
Fpaln many officers less deserving than
oel Morris have been promoted
and assigned to important duty at the
front, but nevertheless the veteran
per who is now placed on the re
tired Hst accepts the decree pertaining
mself in a soldierly manner. Many
of his friends in and out of the army
entertain the notion, however, that he
did not receive the consideration due
to a gallant and capable soldier, who
had gained honors on the field of bat
tie. He can retire, nevertheless, with
the sense of having performed his duty
in the field and in garrison. If the
petty jealousies of the service or the
underhand work of a clique hastened
nent he will not burden him
self on that account with a load of re
sentment. Colonel Morris recognizes
that life La too short and fame too fleet
ing for one to quarrel with destiny.
TROOPS AT THE PRESIDIO.
Division Hospital Moved — Utah
Troopers — The New York
Volunteers.
The removal of the division hospital
from Camp Merritt to the Presidio was
made yesterday under the supervision 01
( '\ven and Lieutenant Page, as
sisted by the other officers of Major
Owens staff. The sick soldiers were
: i with the greatest care in ambu
lar.'^es, a number of which were Sf-rur-'i;
|or ' »weti for this purpose. As fast
as they arrived :it the Presidio they w<t*
carefully moved into the different wards
ir. the bri-^k barra< k.s, that have been
turned over to Major Owen and trans
formed into a hospital. The reception
• k soldiers at the Presidio was
under the charge of Lieutenant Pas*.
All of the equipments of the hospital
were also moved over and the entire
medical staff of stewards will be em
1 on duty as before. The. greater
>f the day was consumed in the
transfer, which was an enormous under
_-. and much credit is due to Major
and his officers for the successful
way in which they accomplished It.
The daily camp life of the First New
York Regiment moves with the precision
and regularity of the regular troops of
my. There Is no hitch in anything,
a en are as happy and contented
as a large family. Lieutenant Colonel
I still in command of the regi
ment, and he is likely to retain command
me time, as Colonel Barber remains
H«- was able to leave
■ m for a while yesterday, but is
)]•■ called upon Major Gen
eral Merriam !•• pay his respects. Colonel
Barb< to %<> to the country for
a few the purpose of recruiting
hi a strength.
Captain Staats, of Company B. has been
appoint, d recruiting officer" and he will
this week open an offtVe in the city for
the purpose of filling- up all of the rom
i to their required strength.
The parade of the repimmt every even
• 7 o'clock is attracting very large
I beginning with this morning
W >'l be held b daily regimental j
This drill will be between 9 and
clock. The men show the effect of
having i xperienced officers over them, for
they go through their drills with military
snap and ease.
'"aptain Calne of the Utah troop of cav
alry, who has been in his home at Salt
Lake City on a furlough for the past two
weeks, returned to his command yester
day. it is now definitely settled that this
tmop will be sent to Sequoia Park and
the 1 osemite Valley for duty, and Cap
tain Came is daily expecting orders to
move. The orders were prepared yester
day. First Lieutenant Smith will" take
about one-third of the command and
march to the former place. The troop will
leave here August 5. Captain Came will
have command of the remainder of the
troop in the Yosemite. At first the men
were very sore over the prospect, as they
all wanted to go to the front, but they
have accepted their fate in good part and
will do their duty. Captain Came said
yesterday that he thought his troop
would be much benefited by the experi
ence tney will of a necessity gain, and
he has not lost all hope of seeing some
active service yet. for there is a rumor
to the effect that the Utah troop may be
sent to Honolulu about the middle of the
fall for garrison duty at that place. This
report has been in general circulation in
the troop for several days, and from all
that can be learned there is excellent
foundation for it.
The route of march to the Yosemite
will take the troopers through the towns
or San Mateo, Redwood City. San Jose,
Gilroy and across the Coast Range to
Madera. in the San Jonquin Valley. Had
the troopers gone to Manila they would
nave gone without their horses, and per
formed duty as infantry. The fact that
they now go with their horses for service
as cavalrymen reconciles the command
to the tour of duty in guarding the res
ervations of the Sierra. The Utah men
will have a delightful outing.
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS.
Detachment From the Fifty-
First lowa Ordered to the
Steamship Arizona.
One commissioned officer, two non-com
missioned officers and nine men of the
Fifty-first lowa were detailed yesterday
as a guard for the steamer Arizona. They
were ordered to permit none of the Chi
nese on the boat to come ashore.
Sick call in the camp of the First Ten
nessee yesterday morning brought out 175
men who needed the surgeon's attention.
To-day the camp will be moved to the
lot on Fifth avenue formerly occupied b>
the Seventh California. It" is hoped by
the officers that the change in location
will result as happily as it did in tnu
case Of the Twentieth' Kansas. The Kan
sas sick list has diminished at the rate
of twenty a day since the camp was
moved.
The board of surrey detailed to exam
ine the salt pork recently Issued to the
Twentieth Kansas Infantry and the Penn
sylvania recruits has recommended that
the meat be condemned.
Yesterday was payday for the Four
teenth Minnesota recruits, and the boys
celebrated the event with a mock dress
parade. All sorts of incongruous uniforms
were rigged up and the big cr<>wd that
gathered was much amused.
Corpora] K. L. Skinner and Privates
Conrad Dv Vail. Laroy Blaugh, William
McLean and Leroy Conley, who were left
at the field hospital when the First Mon
tana sailed, have been ordered to the Sev
enth California for rations a fid quarters.
A whiff or so of coming trouble Beems to
have effected the cure of the physical ills
of Lieutenant Colonel K. C. Little. Twen
tieth Kansas. He turned up at the camp
and reported for duty. He claims that
after a talk with division authorities yes
terday he was promised that the order
calling for a board of medical survey
would be revoked.
I>r. C. F. de May. one of the contract
surgeons at Tamp Merritt, has been rec
ommended to the War Department for a
commission as assistant surgeon with
rank or lieutenant.
Private Oliver. Company M. First South
Dakota, was married yesterday after
noon to Miss Lizzie Gardner of this city.
The ceremony took place in Colonel
Frost's quarters and was performed by
the regimental chaplain.
An order was issued yesterday direct
ing that all prisoners at Camp Merritt be
turned over to Provost Sergeant Devlne
for police duty.
A g^n^ral court-martial has been or
dered for Camp Merritt and Colonel Ber
ry of the Seventh California named as
president.
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
Colonel Carrtngton the Recipi
ent of a Sword From Na
tional Guard Officers.
CAMP BARRETT. SATHER STA
TION, July 21.— The camp was thrown
into considerable suppressed excitement
this afternoon by the unexpected arrival
of General R. H. Wartteld, Lieutenant
Colonel J. G. Giesting, assistant
adjutant general; Lieutenant Colo
nel Hansen, brigade surgeon: Major
James Margo, brigade quartermaster, and
Major Charles Jansen. brigade inspector,
all of the Second Brigade. N. G. C.
When all the officers had assembled,
Major Hansen addressed Lieutenant Col
onel F. de L. Carrington. and in a neat
speech presented him with a sword and
belt on behalf of the Second Brigade
staff, N. G. C, as a token of the esteem
and friendship of the staff.
General Warfield and staff had to re
turn to the city before the regimental
parade, so did not see the men drill, but
expressed their pleasure at all they had
seen at the camp.
There is some trouble In camp over the
mails. Many letters will never reach
th-ir destination, owing to a lack of
proper address. The regimental number
and i ompany letter should be on every
envelope, while in addition there should
be the words, "('amp Barrett. Frultvale.
Alameda County, Cal." This will insure
th<- speedy arrival and delivery of all
mail. Many confuse Merritt and Barrett,
thus delaying the mail.
The companies were issued picks, shov
els and axes to-day by Quartermaster
Lieutenant Heller. Field tents and kit
chen utensils will also be distributed im
mediately. It is expected that the regi
ment will be fully equipped by the end
of th» month.
Lieutenant Smith, Company L. formerly
captain of the Redding National Guard",
who was tak f -n seriously ill last week, has
so far recovered as to be able to report for
i]uty. He has been under the care of Dr.
Milier of San Leandro, an old friend of
former days.
Lieutenant Bean, who has just arrived
in camp, is to gtv» private lessons to th»
heavier officers with a view to reducing
their weight.
A CHECK ON FREE RIDES.
Presidio Soldiers Must Pay
Streetcar Fare or Present
Passes From Their
Adjutants.
The Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com
pany has so far very generously carried
all soldiers free, but now that about 7000
troops are to be moved from Camp Mer
ritt over to the Presidio, the company
has become alarmed over the prospective
rush. To avoid being swamped, it has
posted a notice in all its cars and in
those of the connecting transfer lines
that on and after to-morrow no free rides
will be allowed to soldiers, except to those
presenting passes from the various ad
jutants. This no doubt will save the
company from th«> expense of purchasing
extra equipment, as It is not likely that
th»- adjutants will issue passes by the
wholesale.
Christian Commission.
The Army and Navy Christian Commis
sion tent at Camp Merritt. arcommodat
ing 1000 persons, has been located with the
Kansas regiment. A tent was erected at
Fort Point yesterday, and another will
be raised to-day within the line* of the
First New York Regiment at the Presidio.
There are about 300 Christian Association
members and a large number of Chris
tian Endeavorers and Epworth Leaguers
in this regiment, and It was at their re
quest that the Christian Commission has
provided a tent for their use.
The ladies of the sewing committee were
busy yesterday at all the tents of the
commission doing necessary sewing for
the soldiers.
Contributions were received yesterday
THE SA^f FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 22, 5898.
CALIFORNIA'S READY RESPONSE.
Misleading Reports From the War Department
Promptly Corrected by Adjutant
General Barrett.
The facts regarding the number of troops furnished by California
under the first and second calls of the President are fully set forth by
A. W. Barrett. Adjutant General of the State. On July 10, the Ad
jutant General of the United States army in Washington was advised
by wire that the second quota of this State was complete. Yet, aa
late as July 20, reports were given out from the office in Washington
that "California was slow in responding to the second call, having fur
nished only 624 men." The attention of Adjutant General Barrett was
called to these erroneous reports, whereupon he again wired the facts to
Washington and prepared the following statement for publication:
SAN FRANCISCO, July 21, 1898.
Editor of The Call: I notice In the press of yesterday and to-day a
statement purporting to come from the War Department in Washington by
Associated Press dispatches in which it is claimed that California Is slow
to complete her quota under the second call for troops to be mustered into
the I'nited States service. This report gives California's quota as 1016 men,
and it is claimed that only 624 man have been enlisted. The facts of the
case are these: Under the Presidents first call the Secretary of War tele
graphed to the Governor that the number of troops required from California
would be two full regiments and two battalions of infantry and four bat
teries of heavy artillery. These two regiments consisted of twelve companies
each and the two battalions of four companies each, making thirty-two
companies of infantry with eighty-one enlisted men and three officers; and
four batteries of heavy artillery, with 150 enlisted men and four officers. On
May 9. IS9S. the Governor notified tm- Secretary of War as follows:
I have the honor tn report that all California's quota of I'nlted States Volunteers
are rendezvoused In San Francisco. Medical examination will be completed to-day
and muster completed to-morrow. We are ren^- to furnish two m"re eight-company
regiments equlpfx»d an National Guardsmen If needed.
On May 13 the adjutant general of the I'nited States army reported that
instructions had been given to mustering officers to notify the department
In Washington by telegraph when troops were mustered into the I'nited
States service. On May 27 the Secretary of War wired the Governor that
it was estimated that it would require about 1078 enlisted men to fill to the
maximum the organizations already In the service. On May 30 the adjutant
general wired as follows:
T'n<J»r the first call for one hundred and twenty-five thouynnd men It was contem
plated that the number of original onjar.l/.if lors cnlled for should have the maximum
strength stated helow, but on account of additional organizations having to be accepted
this maximum had to be reduced to eighty-one enlisted men per company. The maxi
mum above contemplated Is one hundred .md six enlisted men per company of Infantry,
one hundred vr tr^op of cavalry, on* hundred and seventy-three per ltght battery,
two hundred per heavy battery, one thousand three hundred and twenty-six of all
grml°s per regiment of Infantry, consisting of three battalions of four companies each.
Secretary cf War bids me t'> say It Is now the wish of the President to supply. In
I woe with the law, so much of tlie second call for seventy-five thousand as may
be ncr --an' to fill organizations already In service from your State to the maxlmu.n
Just stated. The Secretary of War bids me to say that recruiting officers will be .l*
talled t-> make and superintend under army regulations enlistments for this purpose of
the number of men wired yoa May 27. Please name one or more competent field offi
cers of respective raiments already In service from your State to be detailed unjer
orders from War Department for this duty.
Th» Governor Immediately tonk stpps to have the additional recruits un
der the second call for the thirty-two companies of Infantry and the four
batteries of heavy artillery mustered into the volunteer service, giving to eacn
company of infantry twenty-live men. and fifty men to the batteries of
heavy artillerey, making a total of 1000.
On June IS the Secretary of War wired to the Governor of California to
muster in a full regiment of twelve companies which, under the Instruc
tions of the above telegram, consisted of 132*5 enlisted men and officers. The
first battalion of this regiment was rendezvoused at Camp Barrett, Oakland,
on June 2S. the second battalion on June 29 and the third battalion on June
30. On July 10 the following telegram was sent to the adjutant general of
the United States army.
I have the honor to report that California's second quota is now complete a*-d
mustered into the I'nited States service, and the Eighth California Regiment is now
waiting at Camp Barrett ready for active duty. a. W. BARRETT.
Adjutant General California.
It will be seen that California v»as called upon to furnish as her second
quota 2326 enlisted men and officers. Her first call consisted of about 3327
enlisted men and officers, making a total of about 5653 men that have br>cn
furnished by this State to the War Department. There has been furnished
about 10) officers and men from tne Naval Militia for the United States
navy. We have furnished about twenty men and three officers to the signal
service. In addition It Is estimated that about 2000 recruits have been fur
nished to regiments of other States and the regular army which have been
rendezvoused near and around San Francisco.
All of this she has done cheerfully and promptly and stands ready and
anxious to furnish the United States Government several additional regi
ments. Very respectfully. A. W. BARRETT. Adjutant General
from the Sacramento Young Men's Chris
tian Association. $6; Lake-avenue Congre
gational Church. Los Angeles, $4 50; Mlz
pah Presbyterian Church, San Francisco.
♦ 2 5°- >
MAIL FOR MANILA.
Will Go on the City of Rio
Janeiro, and Will Close
at Six OXlock To-
Morrow Morning.
Th» steamer Cltv of Rio fle Ja
neiro sails for the Philippines
at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning.
As the mail closes at 6 in the
morning, all mail for Manila
should be deposited in the Post
office to-night. The postage is
the same as In the United States,
or "domestic postage." The ad
dress on each letter should be
plainly and accurately written,
the company and regiment being
given In the case of infantry
men, and the warship In the
case of marines.
THE PROMISE TO MERRITT.
He Will Soon Have the 20,000
Soldiers That rie Insisted
Upon for Manila.
The transport »Fteamer China, which
sailed from San Francisco on June 15 in
company with the Colon, the Senator and
the Zealandla. reached Manila on Satur
day last, one day in advance of the rest
of the fleet. It Is reliably given out that
the China will not return to San Fran
cisco for some time, as Admiral Dewey
hafl decided to attach her to his squad
ron as a dispatch boat, she being capa
ble of making twenty knots an hour. It
is very likely that she will be armed with
a strong battery.
The arrival of the China and her con
sorts adds 3515 troops to those landed at
Manila by the City of Peking. City of
Sydney and Australia, making a total of
6016 of a land force. The Ohio, City of
Para, Indiana and Morgan City, which
sailed from San Francisco June 27, the
Valencia, which left on the 2Rth. and the
Newport, following on the 29th, will land
3400 more soldiers at Manila. The New
port General Merrltt's flagship, is due at
Manila August L The date of arrival of
MILITARY ORDER OF THE LOYAL LEGION
The Commandery of California will give a Reception
to the Officers of the United States Army, United States
Navy and United States Volunteers on Saturday, July
23, 1898, from 2 to 5 P. M., at the Officers' Clubhouse
at the Presidio.
All Companions of the Order are earnestly requested
to be present and assist in the Reception. (The Insignia
should be worn.) W. R. SMEDBERG, Recorder.
Peru and City of Puebla leav ne here
2? ard n l f ) - The C"y of Mo de Jknel
ro. to sail to-morrow will tnlro <*\« %»Ti
will make a total of H 985 soldh^s That
have been sent from San Francisco leav
ing in this city about 7000 soldiers ' there"
fhiVSlS 6 2210 °° ln a " «">«n™atS"St
General Merrltt has been promised n
force of 000 and the fulfillment of this
promise, which undoubtedly is to be Vent
unless otherwise directed by the genlrai
h i"?w lf - will require the transportation
of 6000 more troops. The St Paul I wh
will sail early next w£k can accommo
date about 1000. She will be foC
about ten days later by the ScanX with
1500 troops and the Arizona with a like
? umb "- -,Thls, Thls w »l leave only 1000 to be
forwarded to fill the Philippine requisi
tion Whether the 2000 surplus will be
sent to Manila is a matter that depend!
upon the necessity of the situation
It need surprise no one if the' news
comes that Manila has either surrendered
or has been captured before the arrival
of General Merritt. who committed to
the care of Brigadier General Greene
in command of the second expedition in
structions to the effect that if deemed' ad
visable action should be taken against the
Philippine capital without delay
The Arizona, which arrived "from Pu
get Sound yesterday, will be docked to
day. She is 475 feet long, and is the
finest vessel In the transport service She
was formerly an Atlantic liner of the
Guion Company, and was purchased' by
the Government from the North Pacific
Steamship Company. This is probably
the last transport that will be either
bought or chartered.
Nebraska Not Delinquent.
CAMP MERRITT. July 21 IR9S
•Editor The Call: As a Nebraska volun
teer I object to the statement from Wash
ington in to-day's Call that Nebraska is
delinquent in tue number of troops fur
nished under the second call. Her quota
was to be between 1400 and 1300. The 600
for the First and Second regiments to
gether with the entire Third Regiment of
over 1200, shows that she has exceeded
her quota by over 400. Respectfully yours
. G. "W. B. '
Grand Army Encampment.
The Grand Army veterans of the South
ern California Association will hold their
annual encampment at Sycamore Springs,
a few miles from San Luis Obispo. The
encampment opons to-morrow. To-day
Sol Cahn. department commander of the
Grand Army of the Republic, accompanied
by his adjutant general, C. T. Masteller
and Major J. H. Simpson, will leave San
Francisco to attend the reunion. Major
Simpson will deliver the address of the
patriotic occasion.
To Help a Good Cause.
On Friday evening, July 29, a musical
1 and literary entertainment, under the
■ management of the Misses Ella and Eva
McCloskey, will be given in Turn Verein
Hall, Eighteenth street, near Valencia,
for the benefit of the Catholic Truth So
ciety, to aid it in its work among thu
soldiers. The evening will conclude witn
dancing. Admission 25 cents; children un
der 12 years of age, 10 cents.
War Incident^.
The Secretary of War has decided that
assistant surgeons may wear the undress
uniform of the United States Army
Medical Corps, bereft of all marks and
insignia of rank. This decision was made
in response to a request from Acting As
sistant Surgeon J. F. Minor at the Pre
sidio.
Leave of absence for ten days has been
granted William E. Weigle, First Wash
ington Volunteer Infantry.
FASTEST DOGS ON EARTH.
Eighty-Eight Greyhounds Will Run
at Union Coursing Park on
Saturday.
It is not often that In a drawing of dogs
for a coursing meeting that the "flyers"
happen to meet In the slips but on Wednes
day the unexpected happened, and as will
be seen the coursing on Saturday at
Union Park should be most interesting.
The drawing resulted as follows:
Old-dog stake, total cash prizes $'.45 50: En
tries—J. H. Perrlgo's Chile Pepper ye. A.
Halgh's Hadiwlst; E. V. Sullivan's Flying
Buck ye. D. J. Healey's Kusty Gold; Curtis &
Son's Miller's Maid vs. Curtis & Son's Com
modore; Pasha Kennel's Gallant Foe vs. J. J.
Edmond's Forget; A. L. Austin's Glenstone vs.
R. E. de Lop^z' Minneapolis: & E. Portal's
Laurelwood vs. Curtis & Son's McKinley; E.
V. Sullivan's Royal Buck vs. G. Whitney's
Theron; R P. Julian's Sweet Music vs. I).
Winters' Arno; Pasha Kennel's Arapahoe vs.
T. J. Cronlns Magnet; E. Walsh's Little De
light vs. T. E. McEldowney's The Oisso.in: F.
Jones' Do Me vs. J. Kerrigan's Lady Blanche;
J. J. Sullivan's Eney vs. J. H. Smith's Ben
dlgo; R. P. Julian's Signal vs. E. V. Sulli
van's Pretender; Curtis & Son's Maud S vs.
Curtis & Sons Vanity Fair: A. Johnson's Lis
s.ik vs. K. It N. Spring's Pat Molloy; A.
Johnson's Mountain Beauty vs. E. V. Sulli
van's Right Bower; R. Shay's Native Son vs.
A. L. Austin's Douglas; G. Farrell's Tarrara
vs. E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron; O. Herzog's
Lord Lonsdale vs. P. J. O'Donnells Counter
felt- Bartell Brothers" Border Valentine vs.
O. H. Hoag Jr.'s Obadlah: H. R. Baldwin's
Jester vs. A. Johnson's Tod Sloan; E. & R.
Scott's Mystery vs. Curtis & Son's Chartist;
E. V. Sullivan's Jessie More vs. Derby Ken
nel*l Mona: R. E. de Lopez' Green Valley Maid
vs. J. J. Warren's Swept Lips.
Puppy stake, prizes |70. $60, $3". $10 and $5.
Including specials: the total amount is $317 50:
Drawing— M. London's Magnesia vs. E. V. Sul
livan'a Maid of Erin: B. & S. Kennel's Belle
of Seville vs. E. V. Sullivan's Black Lock; B.
& S. Kennel's Brandy and Soda vs. E. V.
Sullivan's Golden Russett; D. J Healey's Sher
idan vs. D. ,T. Henley's Needham; S. E. Por
tal's Sandowe vs. E. & R. Scott's Daisy
lioane; G. Sherman's Walt-a-Llttle vs. R W.
Ma?tirks Top Notch: J. J. Edmonds' Master
Mat vs. j. j. Edmonds* Washington: Pasha
Kennel's Rest Assured vs. B. & S. Kennel's
Butter Scotch: .1. Monkhouse's Sky Queen vs.
J Kerrigan's St. Gertrude; Larkey & Rock's
Minerva vs. H. R. Baldwin'!: Brutus: R. P.
Julian's Gloaming vs. Larkey & Rock's Llhertv
Belle; C L. Willefs Jersey Lily vb. John
Kuan's Billy Gladstone: E. V. Sullivan's Fly
Away vs. Penbrook Kennel's Pretonlus; Pftnha
Kennel's Regular Army vs. J. lfonkhovse'fl
Miss Sky Rocket: Bartell Bros. Mack's Melody
« .T Kerrigans Lai la Rookh; T. Hall's Miss
Skyball vs. E. Walsh's Reception; London &
McCullOOSh'l Magneta vs. Pasha Kennels
Riot Act; Pa-«ha Kennel's Rich and Artless vs.
B. & S. Kennefs Beauty Spot; ,T. Tiernan's
Y '">semlte vs. E. V. Sullivan's Sunburst: D.
Healey's Sweet Marie vs. J. J. Edmonds"
Morning Glory.
MAD ACT OF A BOY.
John Acapoleo Stabs the Man He
Thought "Would Kill His Father.
Believing that his father's life was In
danger, John Acapoleo, an 11-year-old
boy, stabbed Bartholomo Demartinl in
the right breast last evening, while the
father and Demartinl were engaged In
an altercation. The boy was arrested by
Oincer Mahoney and charged at the Cali
fofnla-street station with assault with a
deadly weapon.
The trouble started early In the after
noon, while Pietro A'-apoleo was away
from his carpenter shop, at 7 Gavin place.
A number of boys had been turning on
the water in some houses near there
which were owned by Demartinl. He
warned the boys away, and thinking
young Acapoleo one of the mischievous
boys, had threatened to eat him if he
ever caught him. The boy is of a very
nervous disposition, and the threat of
Demartinl. added to the report that the
man Is crazy, preyed upon the boy's
mind until he was almost hysterical.
On the return of tlve father in the even
ing the occurrence was reported to him,
and he went down to the bakery Demar
tlnt conducts, at his home, and the two
men became engaged In a wordy war,
the principal portion of which consisted
of oaths and hard names. At the begin
ning of this brawl the boy had been at
his father's shop, where some of the
boy's playmates soon went with the re
port that Demartlni was going to kill
Acopoleo senior. The young son, already
considerably excited, rushed to the scene
of the trouble, and perceiving the two
men gesticulating violently, became con
vinced that his father was In danger, and,
thinking to save his life, made an assault
on Demartini with his pocket knife.
The boy when placed in the cell at
the station was greatly agitated, but
when visited by his father, who assured
him he would ball him out before he re
mained there long, he tried to control
himself, and made a brave though vain
attempt. The father returned in a short
time with the information that he could
secure no bail so late. This information
threw the little fellow into a paroxysm
of grief, which the oflicers feared might
result in a derangement of the mind.
After several efforts Mr. Acapoleo suc
ceeded in having the boy released on his
own recognizance.
TBANSPLANTING OF BASS.
Game Fishes Taken From Temescal
and Vallejo Lakes to Cooler
Waters.
Some years ago the Fish Commission
ers planted several game and toothsome
black bass In the small lake near Temes
cal, Berkeley, and also In the sheet of
■water from which Vallejo receives Us
supply. The bass thrived in both lakes,
and anglers who gained permission to
tish In the preserves enjoyed some rare
sport which is now a thing of the past.
Owing to the extremely dry winter the
lakes in question have run very low and
the water being consequently warm tho
bass are dying.
Yesterday the Commissioners ordered
two of their deputies to repair with nets
to Temescal and Vallejo and save as
many of the bass as can be secured allvs.
The "fishes will be placed in cans suitable
for the purpose of transportation and
placed in some of the lakf-s or rivers ot
the State that are considered favorable
for stocking.
The black bass of Russian River, al
though In splendid condition, have a ratti
er unpleasant flavor this year owing prin
cipally to the fact of the fish secret-
Ing themselves under the decayed lum
ber which Imparts to them a taste oi
the redwood.
John Gallagher creeled two baas onMon.
day last which scaled respectively four
and a half and three and a quarter
pounds.
Black bass fishing In Rodeo Lake Is
said to be very good this year. Frank
Dolliver and John Butler made a very
large catch at Rodeo last Sunday.
Dr. Shrady, president Bed Cross
Society, -writes about the chances of
our soldiers in war, in next Sunday's
Call.
Change at the Art Institute.
At a meeting of the directors of the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art yesterday
afternoon Artist J. A. Stanton was elect
ed to fill the position of teacher of the
life class, made vacant by the absence
of Arthur Matthews in Europe. C. Cha
pel Judson was elected to ftll the position
of teacher of the night class.
As the art school opens next month
numerouß changes have been made In the
class rooms to meet the requirements
of p.uplli. The light la better than ever
• ADVEBTISEMENTS.
[+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■
i GREAT SPECIAL PURCHASE !
f 500 !
I JACKETS AND CAPES ! !
I z__________=_=z______________________z ■
-I.
! TO-DAY we offer a Great Special Purchase of the Latest "
1 Styles and Novelties In LADIES' JACKETS AND CAPES, which we J
i secured from a leading Eastern importer and manufacturer at ■
I SUCH A TREMENDOUS DISCOUNT irom cost of making that we ■
j are enabled to place them on sale ■
! At About Half Regular Prices! |
J B
1 *K*k flfl 15 ° LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS in black and {
I \JfyJ9\l\f navy, fly fronts, faced with cloth; worth $10; sale price $5 4.
! each. j|
I _______ •
I $(\ 5H 185 LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, crepon effect* In ■
I 4>\J,O\J navy blue on i y> fly fronts, faced with cloth; worth $12 60; 4.
I - Bale price $6 50 each. " m
+
I $fi flfl 85 LADIES' BLACK ASTRACHAN CLOTH CAPES, lined g
I vpU»W with satin, storm collars, length 19 Inches; worth $10; sale 4.
J price $6 each. m
————— ai.
I $7 sfl A '° LADIES' BLACK ASTRACHAN CLOTH CAPES, lined £
I<P I m\J\J with Bilk serge, storm collars, length 24 inches; worth 4.
! $12 50; sale price $7 50 each. m
I ________ j,
I <lfl ft ft 85 LADIES' EXTRA QUALITY BLACK ASTRA- ■
I 4>iviUU CHAN CLOTH CAPES, lined with silk serge, storm 4.
* collars, length 19 inches; worth $17 50; sale price $10 a
* m each. 4.
I LADIES' SILK DRESS SKIRTS. I
I tfJ3 7C LADIES' BLACK MOIRE SILK DRESS SKIRTS, bayadere 5
• v4J J. Isj 6tripes, double lined and bound with velvet; worth $6 50; S
I sale price $3 75 each. Ip
1 $tfi flfl LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, 5
• 4?vF.W B llk lined and bound with velvet; worth $10; sale price $6 Z
I each. 5
I CC Kf| LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS. 5
• <piJ>yJ\J double lined and bound with velvet; worth $13 50; sale price ■
I $8 60 each. 5
i EXTRA OH I/O I /EXTRA I
SPECIALS ! j UILIVO ■ I SPECIALS ! 1
I£l ftft 100 ° yards BAYADERE PLAID in the latest coloring for 5
• *PI»W waists; worth $1 50; will be closed out at $1 yard. m
i P-ftr 500 DUCHESSE SATIN FAILLE AND BENGALINE in evening j|
I JVC shades; worth $1; will be closed out at 50c yard. 4.
i ======= ■
\l/(f Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / |
.\r \JF San Francisco. M 4.
. _____ __. . ■_. ■ __■ ■ ___, ■ ___, . __■ a __■ ■ __■ • ___ . ___ . _. . . ._.__,_ ___ . __ . _ _ _ _ . _ ■
before and more pupils can be accommo
dated.
THE STREET COMMITTEE.
Several Matters of Public Interest
Considered Yesterday by the '
Supervisors.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met yesterday and considered
the protest of M. H. de Young against
the further maintenance of : turntable
by the Geary street railroad in front of
the Chronicle building. Mr. de Young and
his attorney. Reuben H. Lloyd, objected
to having the turntable longer remain in
front of the building, declaring it to be a
nuisance, and one that endangers the
lives and limbs of pedestrians.
"The company has been promising for
the last six years " saifl Lloyd "to re
move the turntable, but all we have re
ceived is promises. "
The representatives of the company
said that they were now planning to re
move the turntable and were granted two
weeks further time in which to remove it.
Protests against the paving of Broder
ick street, between Post and Geary, and
Garden avenue, between Devisadero and
Broderick streets, were favorably report
ed upon by the committee.
The matter ot granting the Southern
Pacific i 'iimpany the right to substitute
double tracks for the single track now ex
tending from Third and T. >wnsend streets
to Ocean View was postponed, pending an
examination of the ground by the Street
Committee to ascertain if the project is
feasible.
ELECTION COMMISSIONERS.
Special Meeting Called for Monday
to Select Precinct Registration
Officers.
There was a disappointed crowd of poli
ticians yesterday morning in Registrar
Biggy's office. They expected the .ejec
tion Commissioners to commence the
work of naming the precinct registration
officers. The several political parties in
terested in a perusal of the roll of eligible
officers prepared under the direction of
the Registrar from the personal property
and real estate assessment rolls of the
4VT A T\f
a a \ '£■ X.
The big, glorious manhood which the few of the earth enjoy should
be the lot of every one. Die! men not go to excess there would be no
weaklings — there would be no puniness. If you are a half man to-day
because of errors which you have committed, decide to be a fuli-powered
man again. You would not be weak if you had not taxed at least some
one of your powers too much. " Hudyan " makes up for the loss of
power which you have sustained by compelling nature to over-exert
herself. "Hudyan" has placed thousands upon thousands of men on
their feet Auk for testimonials about it They are sent freely and
gladly to you without cost in any way. Medical advice that cannot be
surpassed in the world, too, is yours if you will but ask lor it. And ail
this without cost. Be a man. Get back your youthful strength and
energy.
CUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts., SaiFraictai
city and county reported tha'. thi work
of designating the political affiliations of
the eligibles had not been completed. In
asmuch as Mayor Phelan is absent from
the city and will not return before to
morrow evening, it was decided to lay the
matter over until Monday morning at 9
o'clock, when the precinct registration of
ficers will be named.
Registrar Biggy reported that registra
tion was exceedingly slow this year. Only
14.CJ0 out of a possible 74,000 voters have
thus far registered. Registration will
close at the main office on August 8, and
those who are awaiting the nrecinct reg
istration will be put to many Inconveni
ences. The registration at the office in
the new City Hall is so slow that it
would appear but little interest is being
taken in the coming campaign. Notwith
standing the fact that the office is kept
open until 9 o'clock at night to accommo
date those who are unable to get there
during the daytime, the registration does
not average more than 300 a day.
Read the Exciting travels of two
French adventurers who were five
years making their way from San
Diego to Paris, in next Sunday's Call.
WILLS FILED FOR PROBATE.
Unique Statement of Louis R. Town
send — Mrs. Mary Dalton's
Estate.
The will of Louis R. Townsend, the
architect of 515 California street, who
died in this city on the 6th inst., was
filed for probate yesterday. Although th«
esr.-ite of the decedent is valued at only
$3110, he was fearful that its disposition
might not be made in accordance with his
wishes and in his will states: "I want
no technicalities raised, and I do not wish
any Insanity dodge raised, either, for I
am sound physically and mentally. I am
a single man, and wholly free to make
such disposition of whatever I leave."
The testator leaves a number of military
gifts and medals to Company B. First
Regiment, N. G. C and the balance of
his property is distributed among friends
and relatives. His daughter, May V.
Townsend. is sole executrix.
The will of Mary Dalton was also filed
for probate. She bequeathed an estate
valued at $1300 to her two sons, Michael
and Richard Dalton.
56
FRIDAY JULY 22, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE «AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week By mall $6 per year; per mont()
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
HEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Bulldlnft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington <d. o office Rica* Hou«
C. C. CARLTOIN, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNL6S. Advertising Representative.
IRANCH OFFICES— S2V Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 oclooK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- >06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second anm
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock- j
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Liberty Hall "
Alcazar— "Faust ■
Morocco's— -Captain Impudence "
-'The Bells of Cornovlllo"
Orpheum- Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Mao.
Ulympla- Corner Mason and Eddy etreota, specialties.
fcutro's Swimming.
El Campo— Music, dancing. boating, fishing, every Sunday.
AUCTION SALti.
By Frank W. Butterfleld- This day. July 23. Library, at corner
Market and Seventh Streets, at 8 o coon p. m.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Saturday, July 23, Horses, etc., at 310
Golden it.ii.. avenue, at 11 o'ciooic.
ALWAYS FIRST WIThJ NEWS.
1"""O have the news first, and to have the correct
news, is the purpose of The Call. That it is
living up to this ideal of what a paper should
be every reader of dailies can testily. Of late there
have been many notable instances demonstrating
this. There are at least minor instances in every
issue.
The great battle of Manila was first detailed in this
paper, of all papers on the coast. The account writ
ten by The Call correspondent from notes he had
taken during the turmoil of conflict as he stood on the
bridge with the immortal Dewey is the best, the most
finished and picturesque that has yet been written.
It has been complimented everywhere, and its value
is attested b}' the mention made by Dewey of the
correspondent. He was there. lie heard the thun
der of the guns. He was stilled in the smoke of the
cannon, and in vivid language he portrayed the inci
dents of the engagement. For days there was no
other account There were no other correspondents
to observe, and when they finally sent in their stories
the stories were secondhand, piecemeal.
Months ago an expedition was sent to the relief of
whalers imprisoned in the ice. The relation of their
rescue, the difficulty of reaching them, was set forth
in these columns Monday of this week. Thursday
lagging contemporaries told similar tales of Arctic
adventure, apparently confident they were telling
something new. But the information was stale. They
might have clipped it from the columns of this paper
and presented it Tuesday, thus scooping themselves by
forty-eight hours. They might have held back their
presses for a copy of The Call. and given the story
only tardy by a few hours, thus following a precedent
set by the Examiner.
A few days ago, after city papers had been sent to
press, the peninsula was shaken by a mighty explo
sion. Word quickly reached the office that a Chinese
murderer, having taken refuge in a powder store
house, had blown it up, together with himself and
seven other people. Seldom has an event more
startling been chronicled. A complete account ap
peared in The Call, and, of course, nowhere else.
People were not surprised. They are becoming ac
customed to such exhibitions of enterprise. The say
ing of these thinps is only prompted by the appre
ciation the public has shown. People want the news,
The Call gives it. Particularly ever since the begin
ning of the war the superiority of our news service
has been marked, and so will it be to the end, but the
examples of this are too numerous to cite. As a
rule, the news columns speak for themselves. Occa
sionally we cannot refrain from joining the public in
commending them.
WELLS-FARGO AND WAR.
TO be forced to announce that the Wells-Fargo
Express Company still persists in its scheme to
evade payment of its share of the war tax is not
a pleasant duty. It had been hoped tnat its course
was inadvertent, that when attention had been called
to the circumstance that its action was both illegal
and unpatriotic it would hasten to correct its policy.
The hope was vain. The corporation has been given
time to demonstrate that it is selfish to the core, cares
nothing for the protection the Government throws
about it, takes no note of the fact that by reason of
the war it has an increased revenue.
But since Wclls-Fargo, having been pointed the
way to lead a better life, has refused to make amove in
the proper direction, there remains the duty of lend
ing it an impetus sufficient to carry it out of the ways
of sin. Merchants of Los Angeles have already taken
steps to lead the erring corporation to a sense of its
unrighteousness. They object, reasonably, to paying,
in addition to their own taxes, the tax the Govern
ment meant the wealthy corporation to pay and have
started the matter in the direction of the courts.
There will be both civil and criminal proceedings.
Merchants of San Francisco take a similar view of
the position of the company, and the company will
soon realize this. There is no excuse for delay in the
making of a test case.
United States District Attorney Foote seems in
clined to hold back and let a precedent be estab
lished elsewhere. There is no better place than within
his jurisdiction for the establishing of a precedent.
Every day action is deferred means an additional gain
to the corporation, and, possession being so many
points of the law, all the money unlawfully wrested
from the public will be devoted to the swelling of
Wells-Fargo dividends, and not a cent be returned to
the public, from which it is being taken without war
rant of statute or equity. Mr. Foote should press the
matter at once. There are other corporations need
ing a lesson, but this express company, being the
most flagrant offender, might profitably be employed
as the necessary '"terrible example."
The Cubans have a new sorrow. They are not peT
mitted to loot a city conquered by American arms and
at the sacrifice of American life. Naturally they are
puzzled.
FRANCHISE TAXATION.
' I 'HE regular annual discussion concerning the
i taxation of corporation franchises, which closed
a few days ago before the Board of Supervisors,
has elicited the usual amount of wisdom from the
$30,000 contract railroad organ and the statesmen
who achieve fame in its columns. Undivided atten
tion this year has been given to the bonded indebted
ness of the street railways of San Francisco, especial
attention having been paid to the Market street com
pany, which is always the "horrible example" of our
municipal system. The principles which are found
to exempt this corporation from confiscatory taxa
tion, it has been contended, are of general applica
tion.
Mayor Phelan, for whom taxation demagogy has
many charms, has claimed in a letter to Assessor
Siebe that the assessment placed upon the Market
street system is inadequate. The property of the com
pany has been valued by Mr. Siebe at $3,206,000, and
its franchise at $2,500,000. The Mayor asks the As
sessor pointedly what has become of the company's
bonded indebtedness of $14,000,000, and he attempts
to answer his own question by calling attention to
the fact that the bonds are not assessed at all. The
Mayor's letter to the Assessor is heartily indorsed by
the contract organ, which lays down the broad propo
sition that, judged by its bonded indebtedness and
the value of its stock, the corporation in question is
not being assessed at above two bits on the dollar.
This is all the veriest buncombe. Both Mayor
Phelan and the organ know that the constitution and
statutes expressly exempt from taxation the bonds of
all railroad and other quasi-public corporations. The
theory is that the property is represented by the bonds,
and if the former is assessed that will be sufficient.
With mortgages it is different. They are treated as
an interest in the property affected and assessed to
their owners. The difficulty of following up bonds
and assessing them to their holders evidently induced
the constitution makers to abandon, in the case of
railroads and other quasi-public corporations, the rule
set up concerning mortgages.
Nor is the market value of their bonds a safe cri
terion for valuing the property of corporations. The
San Francisco and San Mateo Electric Railway was
bonded for a million dollars; in fact it cost over a
million to build it. Yet when foreclosure came it
sold for $350,000. Would it have been just for the
Assessor to have assessed that corporation upon the
value of its bonded indebtedness? Had he done so
he would have wrecked the company long before its
time.
The market value of corporation bond 3is more or
less speculative. It is based upon temporary interest
paying power, future prospects, schemes of improve
ment, etc. Railroads often mortgage their property
for more than it is worth. So do individuals. Al
though the savings banks aim to loan not over 50
per cent upon real estate, they are often unable to
realize the amount of their loans and interest on
foreclosure.
What does all this argue? It simply argues that it
is the duty of the Assessor to assess street railway
property at its "cash value," namely, the amount it
would be taken for in payment of a debt by a sol
vent creditor from a solvent debtor. A rule for valu
ing franchises has been laid down by the Supreme
Court. The difference between the market value of
the stock on the first Monday in March and the value
placed upon the tangible property represents the
franchise. We understand that this rule is followed
by Assessor Siebe in valuing franchises in this city,
notwithstanding the organ and Mayor Phelan's at
tempt to make it appear otherwise.
FOREST ARSON.
THE dryness of the mountains this summer has
contributed to the spread of the most destruc
tive forest fires that have ever wasted one of
California's most valuable resources. From Folsom
to Forest Hill these fires have raged in a great semi
circle that embraces millions of acres of first-class
timber, and other millions on which grew promising
young forest, the timber resource of the future. To
the northward of this area the same process of waste
has been at work, but nothing has been said about it
all, except when a rancher has lost stock and build
ings, or a miner or woodchopper has lost his corded
wood. These losses that are mentioned are but the
smallest fraction of the total sacrifice of the common
wealth. The soil being so dry, the fire has not only de
stroyed the standing timber and the chaparral, which
is the nurse of young timber, but has followed the
roots into the ground and baked the crust of the
earth, leaving it as barren of tree germs as the hard
floor of a brickyard.
It is safe to say that before the autumn rains
quench these conflagrations the loss to the State will
equal the year's product of gold from her mines. If
a common calamity should stop every quartz and
placer mine in the State for a year, and stop the year's
output of gold, men would groan over the misfortune.
But, after all, it would be the loss of one year's
product only. The gold would be left in the gravel
and the ledges for future development. Not so when
fire sweeps the forest. It destroys the wealth that
nature has been storing for a century and cuts off the
crop for a century to come by destroying the forest
producing capacity of the soil, which is baked into
barrenness.
The cause of it is criminal carelessness, as a rule.
Campers and hunters, herders and shepherds, go into
the mountains and use fire without a thought of the
consequences of letting it get beyond their control.
They move on from the night's camp leaving its fire
to smoulder and spread. There seems no way of im
pressing them with the gravity of forest arson. They
see the mighty flames they have kindled and the piti
ful destruction they have wrought without an emotion
of remorse or regret.
It is time to put a stop to this crime. Hundreds
of thousands of dollars are spent in our cities in
policing them to prevent the robber)' of houses,
banks and stores. Yet all the losses by burglary in
ten years, if there were no police, would not equal
the waste of one summer week by mountain fires.
The Legislature should provide for the care of our
forests before it is too late. It is not a task of in
surmountable difficulty. Many roads lead from the
valleys to the foothills. Fewer reads Jead from the
foothills into the mountains. A mounted patrol
should be maintained on every mountain road. These
patrols should be mountain men, not the dregs of city
politics. They should be armed and determined.
Two on each forty miles of each mountain road
should patrol half of it every day. They should have
authority to register every camping party and all
herdsmen and shepherds as they pass the patrol sta
tion, get their itinerary, direct their camping location,
caution and instruct them about fires and arrest them
for defiance or neglect. These patrols should be in
telligent enough to make stated reports of what has
occurred on their beats, the names of all parties that
have passed in or out and the object of their pres
ence in the mountains. When a fire starts every one
responsible for a camp fire near its origin should be
halted and held for inquiry, and when guilt is fixed
THE BAIST FKANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1898.
there should be sure punishment, no matter who the
guilty one is.
We would be glad to impress the importance of this
matter upon the people. A continuance, unchecked,
of these forest fires in the mountains means a change
in our climate, the dehydrating of the soil of the
valleys, and finally the conversion of the State into
a desert.
All this is experience, not theory. The several
stages in the process have been undergone in Mon
tenegro and on the Austrian shores of the Adriatic,
in the Vosges Mountains in France, in the Bavarian
Tyrol and in many other parts of the world. We
may heed the lesson they teach and be wise in time,
or we may be foolish and wasteful in our day and
generation and become the curse of our near pos
terity.
WHERE STANDS THE TURK?
SINCE the war with Spain began an incessant
stream of dispatches, overflowing from the
press morning and afternoon, have kept us in
formed of the tone of public sentiment concerning us
in London, Berlin, Paris, Rome, St. Petersburg and
Vienna. We have not needed for advices concerning
the sentiment of Madrid. We know what all these
capitals think, or at least what they are saying. We
live and move and have our being in that knowledge.
We are animated by the consciousness that all Europe
talks of us, and there are some of us who are prouder
of that than they are of our May day at Manila or the
Glorious Fourth at Santiago.
To our cup of bliss there is, however, one drop
lacking. There is one capital from which we have
not heard, and in many respects it is the most impor
tant capital in the world. It is a city where the public
sentiment is always unique, and where the sympathies
of the people, ever inspired by black-eyed girls and
lemonade, are continually fervent and unceasingly in
terested in love-making and bloodshed. We have
never yet been informed of the tone of the prevailing
sentiment of Constantinople — the city of the Grand
Turk.
This gap in our knowledge of the sympathies of the
nations is vast and portentous. Of what avail is it
to tell us what Great Britain or France or Germany
or Russia is likely to do to us when we have finished
with Spain and then leave us ignorant of the course
the Sublime Porte has mapped out for himself and
his bashibazouks? How shall we know what to do
or what to leave undone until we are informed of
what is being plotted between drinks of cool sherbets
and the dances of Circassian girls, beneath the fretted
domes and gilded ceilings of the council chamber of
the Yildiz kiosk?
It is all very well to send from Europe, day after
day, iterated and reiterated reports of what says
Kaiser William and his Grace of Salisbury and the
exuberant Chamberlain, but what the American peo
ple yearn to know is, Where stands the Turk? What
thinks Abdul Hamid, brother of the crescent moon
and lord of the sanguinary scimiter?
When reports of the opinions and possible inter
ferences in the war of foreign powers are being cir
culated around it is absurd to leave out those of Con
stantinople. The Sultan has as much right to be
heard and reported as any Czar, Kaiser or Prime
Minister. It is true there are no newspapers of note
in his kingdom to be quoted, but there are many
tongues, and surely they have said something. It can
not be that the Turks have ignored us and thought
only of opium and their newest wives. When they
had wars we talked much of them. and even gave them
advice, printed pictures of them and wrote poetry
on their deeds. For them, therefore, to pay no at
tention to us now in our war would be an impolite
ness of which it is impossible to believe a Sultan or
his people would be guilty.
Clearly the Grand Turk has some opinion of this
war between Christian nations. Did 1 not the Chris
tians stop his wars? Shall he not now feel inclined
to return the compliment by stopping Christian wars?
If there is to be any interference will he not fight
and flesh again the swords that have grown rusty
since the battles with the Greeks? Therefore it is
time we were told where he stands; on which side
he sympathizes; whether his braves are applauding
when they see the stars and stripes, or whether he
has given orders that none but red and yellow roses
shall be brought to bloom this year in the gardens of
Gul.
If he is on our side we are all right and need have
no fears about a European concert. The Sultan has
had experience with such things. He can teach us
how to make them as futile as the attempt of a man
with tallow legs to walk through Hades.
TRAVELING LIBRARY WORK-
REPEATEDLY of late we have directed atten
tion to the benefits resulting from the traveling
library system in operation in several of the
Eastern States, and now return to the subject, because
the New York State Library has just issued a report
which in a striking manner shows the usefulness of
the system to the general public.
The proof of the usefulness is the growing popular
demand for the books which the State library circu
lates. The report states that during the twelve
months covered by it the library sent out 3000 per
cent more books to institutions, students and general
readers than in 1889. A development of that kind is
something stupendous. It is one of the facts that im
press even the most indifferent mind. With such an
increase of circulation as that no one can any longer
question that American communities desire access to
standard books, and that State libraries are virtually
buried unless they are used as storerooms from which
the people of all parts of the State can obtain the
works they need in their studies.
In commenting upon this proof of the widespread
demand for books and upon what the State library
has accomplished in meeting the demand, the report
says: "While we are so much gratified with what has
recently been accomplished in this great field, those
who best understand its possibilities realize that this
work is now only well begun. The public are de
manding more and more because they are learning
that it is possible through the State library and home
education department to secure more help education
ally than has ever before been afforded by an equal
expenditure of time and money."
The record is indeed one of which the New York
State Library may be proud and on which the people
of that State may be congratulated. California should
be roused by it to vigorous emulation. We have a
people as intelligent as those of New York and a
State library second to none in the Union. With us,
however, there is no connection between the library
and the reading public. The use of the books has not
increased with us 3000 per cent since 1889. It is even
doubtful if it has increased 3 per cent. We need a
traveling library system even more than New York
needs it. and the trustees of the State Library should
take steps to provide one.
An evening paper announces in impressive type
that the Washington authorities will stand no "non
sence" from the Cubans. No wonder they won't.
There is a dictionary in the national library.
MAY BATHE
SOON A LA
ANNA HELD
Milk to Be Reduced
in Price.
DAIRY EXPENSES CUT DOWN
THUS MAKING FIVE-CENT MILK
A POSSIBILITY.
Unbounded. Joy Among the Bottle-
Raised Shannigans at the
Glorious Prospect in
View.
The days when a Hat price of 10 cents a
quart could be exacted for milk have
passed. This, according to the statement
of men who have been retailing that ne
cessity of life at 6 cents a quart and the
additional fact that the dairymen who
have maintained this price are taking
steps that will ultimately end in a ma
terial reduction.
In March last articles of incorporation
were filed by the San Francisco Milk
Dealers' Association, of which Jean L.
Vermeil of the X L Dairy is president
and Edwin A. Green, manager of the Mill
brae Company, is secretary. The asso
ciation was made up of the principal
JOYS THAT COME WITH CHEAP MILK.
dairies, Including Ewell's, Miller's, Mill
brae Company, X L and Millbrae Dairy.
It was expected that through co-operation
the expenses of delivery would be greatly
reduced and the saving thus made would
warrant a material reduction in price.
At the present time hundreds of wagons
are required for the delivery of milk.
These wagons cover an immense territory
and cross one another's paths at frequent
intervals. One man will deliver milk in a
oertain block and may not have another
customer within a mile. Under the pro- ;
posed system the city will be districted ;
and only the necessary number of wagons
required to cover any district will be as- j
signed to it. The reduction will, it is be- I
lleved, equal over half the present force, j
The plan as outlined calls for depots in j
various portions of the city. The milk will ,
be sent to them from the dairies and then |
distributed.
In this merging of the various interests j
many unnecessary men will be dispensed i
with. The benefits obtained will all ac- '
crue to the consumers, who will thus see
the realization of their long-deferred
hopes for cheaper but none the less purer
milk.
I'nderlying this movement is said to bo
a desire to crowd to the wall those deal
ers who for three years past have been
retailing milk for 5 cents a quart. From (
the outset it has been affirmed that pure
milk cannot be delivered at that price, j
During that period the inspectors repre
sent Ing the Health Department have been
unusually active. Hardly a day passed I
without their taking samples of the milk j
yet they have never found adulterated I
milk in the possession of the representa
tives of the better class of dairies now
handling 5-cent milk.
I Ryder, vice-president of the Santa
Clara Milk Company, is one of the pion
neers in the movement for cheaper milk.
"It was in October. 1595, that we cut the
retail price of milk in half," said Mr.
Rider yesterday. "From that day to this
we have had the bitterest opposition from
the men who desired the price maintain- |
cd. We have been successful from the
start and the result has heen that the
others have had to cut their prices in
order to compete with us. At the pres
ent time, although their price is supposed
to be a fixed one, such is not the case.
They will accept any amount, from $1 50 I
to $3, in order to hold a customer. Our i
system was to sell for cash, and having
our money in hand we had to meet no
losses from bad bills. Our sales in
creased at once and we have been able to
hold our own ever since. Our success has
had the effect of awakening the opposi
tion to a realization that trade was slip
ping away from them and their present
move is undoubtedly an effort to enter
our field and crowd us out. If they could
succeed in their efforts they could force
prices back to their old place again.
"They have always claimed that wo
could not deliver pure milk at 5 cents a
quart. I think the best refutation -of this
aesertion is that although samples of om
milk are taken almost daily -ye have yet
to hear a complaint from thu Inspectors
representing the Health Department. At
present we are charging 6 cents a quart
for milk, as the producers have raisefl
their pricea temporarily. This is neces
sary owing to the high prices that aro
now paid for feed. When that becomea
more plentiful and in consequence cheap
er, the price will go down at once."
Edwin A. Green, manager of the Mill
brae Company, is secretary of the new
corporation and, according to his friends,
will be its manager when the organiza
tion is effected. "This matter is still in
embryo," said Mr. Green yesterday. "We
have practically not advanced beyond ths
preliminary stage of incorporation ana
have no plan for future operations out
lined. For nearly ten years we have been
trying to get together in an effort to con
duct the milk business on the more mofi
ern lines in vogue in New York and other
Eastern cities. If our plans fill out It
will mean reduced expanse in the hand
ling of the milk and this will warrant a
reduction in price, which is sure to fol
low. When this can be effected is a
question. It will take some time at the
best."
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. E. H. Buffund of Fair Oaks is at
the Russ.
Dr. Ralph T. Owis, U. 8. N., is at the
Occidental.
Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of Ban Juan
is at the Palace.
W. F. George, a lawyer of Sacramento,
is at the Grand.
Dr. J. W. Robertson of Livermore Is
at the Occidental.
D. D. Corcoran, a mining man of
Benicia, is at the Russ.
Jesse Roundstone, a rancher of Grand
Island, is at the Grand.
C. H. Srherr and family of Salt Lake
City are at the Occidental.
B. M. LeLong, secretary of the State
Board of Horticulture, is at the Grand.
C. R. Scott, a railroad man from Port
land, is in this city attending to railroad
affairs.
Harry Chandler, business manager of
the Los Angeles Times, is a guest at the
Occidental.
Knox Maddox and Willard N. Drown
arrived from New Haven yesterday,
where they have been attending the Yale
Law School.
J. F. Lorenz, a prominent mining man
of 'Weaverville, his mother, Mrs. H. Lor
enz, and sister passed through here yes
terday en route to Santa Cruz.
Ex-Queen Liliuokalani, attended by Mr.
and Mrs. Heleluke and Dr. English of
Washington, arrived last night from the
capital, where they have been since last
September. The party will return to the
islands next Tuesday on the Gaelic.
Clinton Jones, general agent of the pas
senger department of the Chicago, Rock
Island and Pacific Railway; Fred W.
Thompson, traveling passenger agent of
the same road, and C. W. Adams, travel
ing passenger agent of the Chicago and
Northwestern, left last night for Salt
Lake City.
$£8808880$ What endless
£ £ labors and what
« A PARROT « arduous tasks
** M mankind will un
8 FOR 0 dertake when
# THE CHASING. & they are convinced
# jq they can get
OSSa«SSO£C* something for
nothing. Yester
day an announcement was made to every
habitue of the Palace Hotel that there
■was a parrot on the fifth floor that could
be had for the asking. The news spread
faster than electricity, and in less than
an hour at least 100 soliciting parrot
maniacs applied for ownership rights over
the green-feathered bird. Perhaps the
reason of this anxiety to possess the talk
ing creature is due to the reputation tho
bird bears. It was spoken of as a terroi
that never let a word that could be founu
in decent literature pass its mouth. What
ever the impelling force that drove so
many applicants into the Palace to secure
the parrot the fact remains that a steady
stream of strangers and hotel frequent
ers were out after that living object.
And they all had a "run for their money."
First the hotel clerk would direct them
to the fifth floor. The bell boy would then
play his hand and the parrot-seeker woulu
be sent to the thirTl floor. Miles of ter
ritory would be covered and when at last
a person was found who would acknowl
edge possession of the parrot the visitor
was told that he must have a cage to
deport it. Out of the hundred applicants
at least sixty toured the hotel. Even tho
"unbunkoable" hotel clerk fell a victim
to the parrot-chasing disease. Three o*
them, distinguished looking gentlemen in
gray, the young and handsome and beau
tifully mustached clerk who goes East
on a vacation every year, and the gen
tle, polite and obliging night clerk wero
on the . lookout for that parrot. Heated
arguments were bandied back and ortn
as to who rightly deserved the parrot.
Finally word came down from the fiftn
floor that if any one brought a suitable
cage or anything that answered the pur
pose of a cage they could have the par
rot. The clerks on duty fell over one
another to find something for the do.
portation of the bird. Coal oil cans with
holes punched in them was the substitute
they discovered. The three rushed to
floor five, the cans rattling as they passed
in whirlwind fashion through the halls.
The bell boy on that floor rolled over In
a spell of uncontrollable laughter. There
was no parrot. It was his little joko.
"Ha ha's" now exude from the Palace.
Just ask one of those clerks if he wants
a parrot.
TO REAP THE WHIRLWIND.
Editor San Francisco Call— Sir: This
nation was founded as a democracy— a
just Government, deriving its powers
from the consent of the governed. If it
is to fulfill the high and holy mission
whereunto it was appointed— to teach
other nations the science of government—
it must needs remain a democracy. Can
this be if a national policy is adopted re
sultant from the war with Spain by
which degeneracy to an incipient impe
rialism must inevitably follow? They who
sow the wind shall reap the whirlwind.
Let us not forget this scriptural axiom
in our eagerness to broaden our terri
torial phylacteries; not for the good of
others so much as for our own commer
cial aggrandi^ont. jQNEg
Fruitvale, July 21.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TWO DATES-A. S., City. December
22. 1860, foil on Thursday and August 4,
1862. fell on Monday.
THE WAR TAX-L. F. H. and F. D. R..
City. The full text of the war tax was
published in The Call of June 10, IS9B.
CENTS TO A POUND-S., City. One
hundred and twenty bronze cents. United
States coinage, weigh one pound, and
seventy-four nickel 5-cent pieces weigh
within a fraction of a pound.
THE PLUNGER— S., City. The Plun
ger of the United States navy is a sub
marine torpedo-boat. Her keel was laid
in 1596. Her displacement in tons is 168,
speed S knots, horse-power 12iV) and her
cont $150,000. Her armament is two White
head torpedo tubes.
THE OREGON'S TRIP— A. de la M.,
Grass Valley, Cal. The battle-ship Ore
gon in making: the voyage to reach the
Atlantic to take part in the naval bat
tles, left Puget Sound March 6, 18yS, and
then left ports as follows: San Francisco,
March 10; Callao, April 7; Tamaro, April
17; Sandy Point April 21; Rio de Janeiro,
May 5; Bahai Bay, May 10 and Barba-
does May 19, and reached Jupiter Inlet
May 24. The run from Puget Sound to
Jupiter Inlet was 14,510 knots, the time
was 81 days including- stops at the var
ious ports. The amount of coal consumed
was 3908 tons. The consumption of coal
daily was about 70 tons, the balance was
burned while In ports. The actual sailing
time was 57 days, and her lay over tima
24 days.
PHYSICIANS IN HONOLULU— M. P.,
Oakland, Cal. A physician desiring to
practice In Honolulu must make applica
tion before the Board of Health. The re
port of that body is submitted to the Min
ister of the Interior, and If the applicant
is duly qualified he is gTanted a licens.
to practice. There are about thirty phy
sicians in that city.
Stationery and Printing.
New tints and shapes in writing papers.
Printing and engraving visiting cards, in
vitations and announcements a specialty.
Correct stylos and low prices. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Cal. «lace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
American— You're a fine lot, anyway.
You did a great deal of talking before the
fighting, but what else have you done?
Cuban — Caramba, senor, haven't wo
given your people a chance to cover
themselves with glory?— Cleveland Leader.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by million* of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
Rates Are Cut
To Bed rock. Call at - new ticket office
of the Santa Fe route at 62S Market at. Very
low rates to all Eastern cities. will pay
you to investigate.
CORONADO— Atmosphere la perfectly dry.
soft and mild, belr.R entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round-trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days 1 board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $60; longer stay
$2 B0 per day, Apply 4 New Montgomery st
S. F.. or E. S. BABCOCK. Manager Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado, Cal.
SICK HEADACHE ABSOLUTELY AND
permanently cured by using Mokl TeaT^A
n t t m herb i rlnk ' Cures Constipation and
h,nnv ft,*s? k « you eat< Bl eep. worK and
happy. a ( Satisfaction guaranteed or money
back. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
"The New America— Army and
Navy," by Henry Norman, special
commissioner of the London Chron
iole, In next Sunday's Call.IT WILL MAKE
RAILROAD TIME
Fast Boat to Connect
With Valley Road.
ANOTHER TRANSPORT HERE
THE ARIZONA PURCHASED BY
THE GOVERNMENT.
News From the Whaling Fleet — A
Poor Catch Reported— Steamer
Alexander Had a Nar
row Escape.
Another link has been added to the
:■ road. San Frai Isco and Stockton
n ' . fast
! river steamer ever
built in Califon - la the H. J. Cor
coran, bul I the t':i!ifornia
Navigation and Impr vement Company
bco and San
Joaqufn V ■ city. Speed
. bmfort ■ n combined, and
when the • down to their bear
: in from five to
The new steamei arrived in San Fran
on her initial
tr;p. She took longer than was expected
wood in the rudder
swell. . difficult. She
did not get awa> on her return trip until
m. in con.- ut in future will
• a. m. sharp. No expense
,'. tn the lining out of the
new Bteai rything in and about
her ii tion. The hull
at the N i • Company's
yards, the Globe Iron
Works ■• lon Iron Works,
I i me ornamental glass
a . n signed and
■ Stockton.
ami r was to have
directors had a
Ives and came to
el should be
:n honor of the
■ much toward mak-
N ■ Igation and im
• my what It Us, one of the
transportation companies
States. Mr. Corcoran is the
I the company.
:'■ et lons. 33 feet
with her 14"" horsepower is
'••• •• 20 knots an hour. She
million candle-power
light, and is fitted throughout with
Ethts. The staterooms are fur-
■ th the Turner bunk, a Califor
. the blankets on tho ves
rned out to a special order by
n Mills. bne has 62
accommodate over
Ides these there are
which are f.>r use in the day
; are called "lounging rooms."
. imely upholstered and
■ r the use of those who desire pri-
The offlrfTs of the H. J. Corcoran are:
Hi Murtry, late of the J. I). Pe
ters; Pilot Potvin. late of the Mary Gar
;. Roe, chlof steward, late ot the T.
- . and Purser McMann. late with
-Fargo & Co.
The United States steamer Arizona,
purchased by the Government for a
transport, arrived from I'upet Bound yes
terday, in charpe of Captain John Barne-
Fon and Captain W. W. Robinson, quar
termaster United States army. In order
to avoid complications there was a great
deal of red tape in purchasing the Ari
zona. First, the Gulon line, for whom
she was built, turned her over to the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company which
had her under charter. Then the railroad
turned her over to the North .Pacific
Steamship Company (an American con- I
cern), and then ex-Secretary of War La
mont and Secretary of War Alger com
pleted the bargain, and the steamer was
turned over to Uncle Sam. The size of
the Arizona can be gathered from the
following comparisons:
n%f c ! c
1? If •• 1 . ■ I I 5"
i ■ si ! ! : Pi
• :_ I : : J_ : • :
\rlzona ... I 5,164 | 2,657 ] 450.2 | 45.4 | 36.7
■Uina I 4.940 [ 2.401 ' 440.4 45.1 I S2.H
;!ty Peking.. 5,080 3.129 I 423.0 I 48.0 27 -
WnrliM . ... 243 2.510 I 370.7 I 44.3 ' 26.5
P' Mll'Uil 1.-U fI»UAU OIV.I -J-i.<» --J..J
The Bcandia was also recently purchased
by the United States, so all four vessels
now fly the Stars and Stripes.
A dock has not yet been provided for
the Arizona, but as soon as she goes
alongside the wharf the work of fitting
her out will begin. It is expected that
she and the Scandia will take away 3000
troops between them.
The news from the whaling fleet is not
very encouraging. Of the vessels that
1. ft here last year the barks Horatio and
California got 600 and 600 barrels, respect
ively, of sperm oil, while the steam whal
<rs Jeanotte had three whales, Karluk
live whales, William Baylies three whales
and the Alexander was clean. The lat
ter vessel had been ashore at Cape Na
varin and was considerably damaged, but
had got off again in safety. Captain Vin
cent, who was on the Alexander, ought
to havo known that part of the country
well, for several years ago he was ship
v.recked there In the bark Napoleon, and
.•-pent two years with the natives before
the Bear took him off.
The steam whaler Bowhead, formerly
the Harold Haarfager, had 1300 pounds or
bone which .she had taken in trade. All
this news is said to have come from the
revenue cutter Bear and was put aboard
the steamer St. Paul at the last moment
and Captain Hayes had no time to verity
it.
Th* meetings of the Shipowners' Asso
ADVERTISEMENTS.
♦♦ ♦ 4
ill 1 The Five
Doctors That Cure.
SSSo A STRONG TESTIMONIAL.
444 4 '
O o o O "YUMA, Arizona, May 17, 1898.
♦♦44 "With pleasure I give my testimonial, hoping it will help to induce
♦♦ 9 ♦ others afflicted to try the English and German Expert Specialists' won-
Oo o O derfu! treatment. I have never bean able to consult with them person-
44 ♦ ♦ ! ally, but doctored with them four months through the mail. When I
9 9 P 9 commenced with them I had very little hopes of ever being well again.
0 O o O ' coughed day and night and had frequent hemorrhages. Now I do
♦ 4 4 4 not cough and am feeling well. lam now having them treat my little
9 9 ° ° boy for catarrh, and he is rapidly improving.
n 1 £ a "I cannot praise them highly enough. Respectfully,
♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ "MRS. C. M. SMITH, Yuma, Arizona."
000 o -
♦ 4. 4 '4 • ;
° °, ♦ ♦ If you want the best medical attention that can possibly
o o o o be obtained consult or write the English and German Expert
oo o o Specialists. They are competent and trustworthy. They have
oo o o cured thousands of the most complicated ailments. They can
44 4 4 cure you if your trouble is not beyond the aid of human skill. -
°° ° ° Catarrh cured for $5.00 a month. No other charge. All
° o o o medicines free.
44 44 CONSULTATION FREE.
00 0 0
1 1 § I ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS,
g o 9 9 731 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
MAKES TWENTY KNOTS AN HOUR.
The New River Steamer H. J. Corcoran Made Her First Round Trip Between San Francisco and
Stockton Yesterday. She Is to Run in Connection With the Valley Road, and Is the Fastest
Boat of Her Kind on the Pacific Coast. The Corcoran Is Luxuriously Fitted Out, and Is
Sure to Be a Great Favorite With the Traveling Public.
elation, called for yesterday, to elect a
board of directors and officers, has been
postponed to next week out of respect
to the memory of the late Captain John
son.
The American ship Sprvia arrived from
Baltimore yesterday after a smart pas
sage of 140 days. The Kennebec, now
out 192 days from the same port, was
spoken on June 6 in latitude 16.2S south,
longitude &S west. When off the Rivei
Platt, in latitude 28 north, longitude 53
west, the Servia was caught in a terri
fic gale that lasted thirty-six hours. Sails
were blown away, the ship was on her
beam ends and the crew had a hard time
of it generally. The Servia and Kennebec
are both coal laden.
On the 17th inst., when four miles soutn
of Tatoosh Island, the collier Bristol
sighted a raft with a cask and some can
vas on it. This was probably the small
raft that broke adrift in Bellingham Bay
over a week ago and drifted out to s>-a.
The expressmen along the front aro
looking for a practical joker who enjoyed
himself at their expense yesterday, a
package of duplicate baggage checks wan
found in the old ferry depot and the joker
il them. To eleven different ex
pressmen he gave a chock and sent them
all to the Townsend-street depot to bring
a trunk to the foot of Market street. All
the victims met at Fourth and Townsena,
and when they found there was no trunK
and that the whole thins was a hoax
there was a choice flow of language.
HIS SKULL FRACTURED.
A Barkeeper Wields a Whisky Bottle
With Disastrous Effect.
Joseph Devoto, a barkeeper in the sa
loon at 131 Sixth street, was arrested yes
terday afternoon by Detective Graham
and booked at the City Prison on a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon.
Yesterday morning James A. Saul, a
plumber, living at 124 Sixth street, was
taktn to the Receiving Hospital by a citi
zen who saw him standing on the corner
of Sixth and Natoma streets with blood
running down his face. Dr. Well found
that Saul had sustained a compound com
minuted depressed fracture of the skull
and was in a serious condition.
Devoto was arrested in the afternoon,
and did not deny that he was the assail
ant. He said that when he reportM on
duty Saul was in the saloon with a bundle
of tools. The barkeeper whom he relieved
told him not to give Saul any liquor, as
he was unable to pay for it. When they
were alone Saul asked him for a glass of
beer, but he was told to put up tho money.
Saul said he would get it, anyway, and
went behind the bar with a plumber's tool
in his hand. He approached Devoto in a
threatening manner, and I^evoto, seizing
a bottle of whisky, struck" him on the
forehead with It. knocking him down.
Saul got up and walked out of the saloon.
DESERTED BY HIS WIFE.
Gilbert Alien Satisfied to Lose Her,
but Wants Possession of His
Furniture
Gilbert Allen, 1443 Harrison street, has
lost his wife and his furniture. He is
perfectly satisfied to lose his wife, but he
■wants his furniture hack, and yesterday
he obtained a search warrant from Judge
Conlan for its recovery.
Allen claims that his wife left him in
Portland, Or., In May last and came to
this city to live with Martin Bowers, a
piledrlver. now working at Salinas. He
had his furniture stored in this city, and
before his wife left him she took posses
sion of the receipt and secured the fur
niture.
"Israel's Tithe to America," in
next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1898.
LOOKS BUCK
FOR LOCHNER
Police Are Morally Cer
tain of His Guilt.
EVIDENCE AGAINST HIM WEAK
LIZZIE BILEY AND PRIEUR
CONTRADICT HIM.
Comparison of Statements in Carpen
ter Case Bring Out Points
Against the
Suspect.
Evidence strong: enough to enable thorn
to formally charge Joe Lochner with the
murder of Sadie Carpenter has not as
yet been secured by the police, but every
new development in this mysterious case
increases the belief of those workins on
it that he is the strangler. Captain Sey
mour refuses to express any opinion as to
Lochner's guilt or innocence. He is mak
ing every effort to run down the fiend
and he will place what evidence he ob
tains before the Coroner next Monday.
Whether Lochner will be held for pre
liminary examination depends on the
Coroner's jury.
Lochner made a statement Sunday
which is now causing him considerable
worry, and is considered a point against
him. In regard to the words used by
Lizzie Riley, when she gave the alarm
that something was wrong in room 10 he
is flatly contradicted by the woman and
Night Clerk Prleur. Lochner says that
when he came to his door in response to
the clerk's knock Lizzie said: "Something
is wrong in Sadie's room. I heard a
nol.se like some one being choked." She
declares positively that she said nothing
about strangling or choking, but did say:
"There i.s trouble in one of tho rooms; I
think in Sadie's," etc. Lochner persists
however, that she ustil the word choking.
I'rieur, the night clerk, also contradicts
the suspect and asserts that Lizzie's ver
si'>n of what was said is correct.
This is significant, in the opinion of the
police, and they say it is a slip on the part
of Lochner which Bhows that he knew
the woman had been strangled.
chief Lees and Captain Seymour are
now convinced that the noise Lizzie Rlloy
heard was made by the bed being pushed
out from the door between Lochner's
room and -■Irs. Carpenter's. In her tirst
statement to the police, Lizzie said the
noise which attracted her attention sound
ed like "rolling a spool of thread across
the floor."
Yesterday afternoon Chief Lees and
Captain Seymour made several tests in
room 10. Lizzie Riley went into the room
she occupied on Saturday night. The bed
was then moved out from the wall a few
times, and she declared the noise was ex
actly the same as she had heard before
she heard the door slam and footsteps re
ceding. This is also considered a strong
point against Lochner.
While the officers were In the Hubbard
House yesterday they made another
thorough search of rooms 9, 10 and 11 and
the closets. Carpets were taken up and
shaken, the dust was swept up and care
fully sifted and examined. Nothing bear-
Ing upon the tragedy was found.
Still another point against Lochner is
contained in the statement by Landlord
Raulet, of the Hubbard House. He was
about the 'halls from 12 o'clock to 12A5
Saturday night. Just before leaving he
went to the hallway leading to rooms
9, 10 and 11 to see if the gas was burn
ing in Lochner's room. The landlord had
warned him several times about wasting
gas. but he persisted in keeping a light
long after he went to his room. The land
lord swears that there was no light in
Lochner's. Mrs. Carpenter's or Lizzie
Riley's room. This is taken as conclusive
proof that Sadie received no visitor after
Lochner left her at 11:30. After his in
vestigation the landlord went downstairs
and stood at the street door for fifteen
minutes. No one entered or came out
of the house while he stood there.
When Lizzie Riley first called tho night
clerk he was standing in the hallway talk
ing with Thomas McDonough, who oc
cupies room 4. Both declare they did not
see or hear any one passing out of the
house.
All these incidents occurred between
12:45 and 1:15, during which time Lizzie
Riley thinks she heard the choking sound
and "the door slam.
For unspeakable depravity Lochner Is
the worst specimen the police of the city
have ever had to deal with. He is wholly
lacking in moral sensibility, and it is
quite possible he is the murderer of Sadie
Carpenter. Notwithstanding he is a
descendent of one of the first families in
Bavaria he has sunk to a depth which is
beyond belief. He served with distinction
in "the Franco-Prussian War and received
medals for bravery. His name Is Joseph.
Freiherr yon Lochner and his rank i.s just
above a baron. He came to California in
1876, and was married some time later in
Sacramento. Some years ago his wife
secured a divorce from him. His father
is still living at the advanced age of S6.
and is very wealthy. Joe is the eldest
son, but the blnek sheep of the family.
Lochner Is a nervous wreck and cannot
sit or stand still an instant. His muscles
twitch constantly and he is growing very
thin and haggard. He has lost fully ten
pounds since his incarceration.
Ha exnressed srreat satisfaction yester
day when told that Carpenter had been
found, but later he was informed that a
Utter purporting to come from Carpenter
had been received from Los Gatos and
published in a morning paper, but it was
not Known who the writer was. This de
pressed him.
Chief Lees wired Constable Reynolds to
look up Carpenter, if he was there, and
bring him to this city, but did not re
ceive a reply up to midnight.
Lochner was under a fire of cross-ex
amination all day yesterday, but he stuck
tv his original story of the tragedy. Last
night he was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital and given a narcotic to settle his
nerves.
Joe still asserts that he left Mrs. Car
penter's room at 11:30 Saturday night, and
closed the door so that the spring lock
caught. It is strange that Lizzie Riley
did not hear him, as it requires consider
able force to close the door and it is
necessary to give it a hard slam before
the bu!t will go into the socket.
J. B. Williams, whose letter to Sadit
was published yesterday morning, called
at police headquarters and gave, a satis
factory account of himself. He was in
Alameda Saturday night. He says he
never met Mrs. Carpenter and that she
did not answer his letter:.
BARGE RACE SUNDAY.
Three Crews in the Senior and Two
in the Junior Class.
At a meeting of the regatta committee
of the Pacific Athletic Association, held
last night, the following were present:
A. P. Rothkopf of the Dolphins., S. J.
Pembroke of the Alamedas, J. D. Maho
ney of the South Ends, J. R, Bockman of
the Ariels and W. Espy of the Pioneers.
The following entries for the barge
races, to be held at El Campo on Sunday,
were announced:
1. Senior barge race: South End erew — James
Pallas, buw; Matt Hreen, forward waist; George
1 U' .-•, after waist; Kd Scully, stroke; George
McGrill, cockswain.
Alameda crew— E. B. Hadcock, bow; W. G.
Hansen, forward waist; Atwell Webb, after
waist; F. Ayers, etroke; E. Hansen, cock
swain.
I'luueer crew— W. St. John, bow; F. O'Neill
forward waist; G. Larsen, after waist; Fred
Orr, stroke; R. J. Espy Jr.. cockswain.
The South Ends have had first choice of sta
tion, the Alamedas second choice and the Pio
neers third choice.
2. Junior barge race: Dolphin erew — C. M.
Farrell, bow; h\ Woerner, forward waist; X.
J. Hopkins, after waist; E. Bartman, stroke.
Ariel crew— H. Wilson, bow; George Steffern,
forward waist; J. E. McKenna, alter waist;
Jann-s Wilson, stroke; Roy West, cockswain.
The Dolphins have first choice of station.
The following are the officials of the re
gatta:
Referee, Al Fritz; starter, P. J. Enrlght;
marshal, M. Calnan; assistant marshal, M. H.
Brown; timekeepers, J. K^enan, A. Greenleaf
and John Elliott; Judges, J. D. Batteau.x and
A. Taylor of the Ariels, J. Foley and A. Mc-
George of the South Ends, C. Smith and George
Hunter of the Alamedaa, D. Leahy and E.
Shea of the Pioneers, A. Schuppert and J. Lalb
of the Dolphins.
J. R. Bockman of the Ariels has re
ceived a communication from the secre
tary of the Astoria annual regatta, to be
held at Astoria, Or., on August 19, 20 and
22. Oarsmen from San Francisco are in
vited to take part In the regatta, trans
portation both ways and hotel expenses
to be paid by the committee. A hand
some trophy, called the Pacific Coast
championship trophy, for amateur oars
men, has been presented by the mer
chants of Portland, Or. There will be
races for four oars, pair oars and single
sculls.
\V. G. Gosslin is president of the com
mittee. W. L. Robb secretary and E. C.
Hughes treasurer.
Promises have already been received
of entries of crews and single-sculler.i
from British Columbia, Washington and
Oregon.
Read the Exciting travels of two
Trench adventurers who were five
years making their way from San
Diego to Paris, in next Sunday's Call.
THE FIXE DEPARTMENT.
Several Firemen Fined, Resignations
Accepted and Appointments
Made.
The Fire Commissioners held a meeting
yesterday afternoon and imposed the fol
lowing fines: William King, hoseman en
gine i>, five days' pay; William Murray,
hoseman of the same company, three
days' pay; Thomas Kelly, engineer of en-
Ktii" 1. five 'lays' pay— all for neglect of
duty— and Peter McOabe ten days' pay for
failing to respond to alarms, with a noti
fication that a repetition would mean his
dismissal.
The resignations of William H. Thomas,
hoseman of engine 24; Joseph Fox, hose
man of engine 31; Neil Sullivan, hose
man of engine 27, and George Floyd,
truckman r>f truck 5. wore accepted, and
the folowing appointments were made:
John Scannell, hoseman of engine 24;
Thomas Fitzpatrick, truckman of truck
7. and Martin Duddy, hoseman of engine
It was recommended that George F.
Smith, assistant foreman of engine 12, be
paid $100 for injuries received on May 4
while in the performance of his duty. It
was also recommended that a reward of
Jinn be paid to C. F. Riddle for having
fdvfn information that led to the arrest
and conviction of Daniel Gorman and
John McKenna for turning in a false
alarm of fire on June 1.
Free Trial Sample
Of Smith's Dandruff Pomade sent to all
troubled with dandruff, itching scalp and
falling hair by Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal. *
A Youthful Criminal.
Louis Brody, 11 years of age, was ar
rested last nigrht by Special Officer Wad
ham and charged with stealing a watch.
The crime was committed last month.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRAXS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 22— Stmr Phoeni
cia, from Hamburg.
REPUBLICANS OT7T FOR SAN
FRANCISCO.
State Committee to Fix the Time and
Place for the State Conven
tion at a Meeting to Be
Held To-Morrow.
A meeting of the executive committee
of the Republican State Central Com
mittee will be held at 2 p. m. to-day at j
headquarters In the Palace Hotel for the j
purpose of making necessary prepara
tions for a general meeting of the State
Committee to-morrow. At the meeting
to-morrow the time and place for holding
the State convention will be fixed, and
also the apportionment of delegates
thereto.
A meeting of prominent citizens of this
city has been called for this morning for
the purpose of devising ways and means
to bring the convention here. Arrange
ments for raising the required funds to
defray the cost of hall rent, clerk hire,
printing and other incidental expenses of
the convention will be perfected, and
every effort will be made to secure the
convention for San Francisco.
That Sim Francisco Is the proper place
to hold the convention is conceded by a
majority of the members of the State
Committee, and If the citizens get to
gether and offer satisfactory inducements
there Is no apparent reason why the con
vention should not be held here.
'■ ♦ ■
Paint Thieves Captured.
Detectives Ryan and ODea, aided by
Special Officer I,ewtn, have at last suc
ceeded In discovering the whereabouts of
the paints and brushes stolen from the
paint store of C. G. Schaefer and Frank
H. Lafallle, at 741 Mission street, by burg
lars on the evening of July 2. The plun
der war found in the second-hand store
of Julius S. Meyer, at 1636 Mission street.
Meyer was arrested last evening and
booked for receiving stolen goods. He
admitted paying but $67 for goods valued
at $200.
The burglary was a particularly daring
one, having been perpetrated in broad
daylight.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
{Doctor j
| Lawyer J
I Merchants
Chief |
j — __ _i
\ ~ — - \
d The Keeley Treatment for J
f the scientific cure of alco- £
j) holism and all drug addic- $
$ tions has been endorsed by (f
i the brightest men of the )
f age. It has been accepted f
f by the United States gov- f
" eminent for use in the *
f Soldier's Homes and regular '
i army. It is no experiment. \
A Send for printed matter that tells A
f all about it. f
i THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, i
A 1170 Market St,, San Francisco. A
f 232 North Main St , Los Angeles. W
A Fred A. Pollock, Manager. A
© -^ -%► -^ -^ O <«*^-«b. ***-%. "<•►©
DR. PIERCES BELT
»MAfc&tfV.!VJL* ,», WILL CURE WHEN
everything else fails.
<tf^ikS&Lv£tfm^\ Letters like the follow-
Bp^^rTr^r^^S^^J in are arriving daily:
f^ftrtiiniisr-^^mi MONTROSK Colo.,
•\ffi^^^M2^S^ DR. PIERCE & SON—
"nMo: .. ■ > /NX£'Ji\yi Gentlemen: For the
>£yf« v benefit of others I desire
'i$f i i to say that I am 52 years
W old; have been in the
mines for 25 years, where I contracted my dis-
ease. I have been doctoring for about 8 years
and have been to different hot springs without
much benefit. My disease Is rheumatism and
neuralgia, liver and stomach troubles and spinal
disease. Was almost paralyzed, and my blood
was poisoned. I contracted these diseases by
working In lead ores and in foul air In the
mines, i I received your Electric Belt and Spinal
Appliance about 5 months ago, and from the
great benefit I have already received I think I
will soon be A WELL MAN. I was then suffer-
ing with pains day and night, with swelling of
the Joints and poor circulation of the blood; but
I am now ever so much benefited by using your
Belt and Appliance. I am, yours respectfully,
CHRIS JOHNSON.
E7Be sure you buy no belt till you see Dr.
Pierces. Address or call on the
PIERCE ELtiCTFvIC CO.,
020 Market Street. Opposite Palace Hotel, San
Francisco.
\A/. X. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT LAW, .
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Ciaus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California St., below Powell,
San Francisco. * ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
>-«-o^o-«-o-«-o-^-o-*-o^-o-*-o-«-o-»-o-^-o-»o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o>-o-^o-»-o-*-o-#-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-
, Afternoon concert Saturday 2to 5. Bruck's Boston Orchestra. O
a *& kid gloves 35c. ?
LO = flflV house wrappers 45c. %
%~^J> .^***^/ new sailors 50c. °
__ o
o
We're cleaning up with a vengeance — those three items quoted above ♦
prove it. We also show other gloves at 50c and $1. Every depart- £
ment offers to clean out the balance of any odds and ends they may ♦
have at a clean-up price. Walk around our store — our reductions + *
just now mean a substantial saving to any woman. 9/
* o ■
kid 3Kp house Afln °
gloves vvv wrappers t"wu ?
In cleaning up our glove department Here our housecleaning becomes spe-
we have found some 12 dozen pairs cially good for your housecleaning. o
soiled — not badly, but still soiled Here are about 10 dozen percale ♦
enough that we cannot sell them as wrappers, lined to waist — some trim- 9
fresh goods — mosquetair»«s, suedes, mcd with two rows braid — all choice o
glace, hook opera shades, white kid, colors, light and dark — full length ♦
chamois, Biarritz, gauntlets — sizes are and wide — all sizes but 36. (They 9
from s^l to IM, mostly small sizes — were not made up for the money— all o
they will all go before noon. we've got of them, so 45c each sells ♦
them.) ♦
gloves aUC new COp %
About 16 dozen various gloves all put |S3.llorS WWW °
into one lot after cleaning up our We offer the new V assar o
glove stock-clean gloves the same sailor _ jaunty . / et neat and swell-a ♦
make as the above lot, but in better fine do b , . faced split straw In white . °
condition-there are many qualities and b|ack _ former | $1 . 5 0. o
' and makes-some sold as hif aS $2, (Stock very low now so close out.) *
others $1.50 and $1, but all go now v Jo ' o
for half a dollar. ♦
kid ai m underwear^ 135 j
gloves Jl'Ssets v B = ?
25 To-day a set consisting of gown, "
The celebrated "H. B." 2-clasp over- drawers and chemise, all elaborately \
seam kid glove in latest embroidery— : trimmed— regularly worth $2.50 and O
in tan, mode, brown, red, blue, g'een, $3.oo— reduced to clean up to $1.35. ♦
slate, silver gray, white pearl and 9
black. 5 other sets, better of course, at $2.25 o
937=939-941-943=945=947 Market Street. \
)-*-O-*-O + O-*-O-*-O-»-O-»-O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*O-*-O -♦•©-♦O-*-O-*O-»-O-*O-*-O-*-O-»-O-*-O-*-O+O*-
One Can
of "cheap" baking pow-
der may start a family in
a long sickness.
No danger in Schil-
ling's Best. 50
The Grandest Toilet Combination known' for !
the skin and complexion is Woodbury's Facial j
Soap, Facial Cream and Facial Powder. The
dally use of these articles will protect a fair i
complexion and cure a bad skin. Sold every-
where.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦ ♦
X $1-00 and \Q Cents X
I IF YOU X
\* NEED SHOES +
"*" And have never bought from us, give _.
▼ us a trial. We are not selling regular
4" lines at half price, but we intend tak- "^"
■+■ ing an account of stock on August 7 "+"
x. and we are anxious to dispose of all +
i our odd, broken or surplus lines. Spe- +
clal — Ladies' Fine Dongola Kid Lace |
' Shoes, narrow coin toes and patent- _.
"♦" leather tips, have been reduced from
+ $1 60 to 91.10. These shoes are on the +
4. bargain counter. Call and see them. "4
-4- Al • fl'Sll Boys' and +
V" *"?«) l^rl Touths ' Tan Lace x
+ I Ti l^^J Shoes; new coin "f
4- R ©. V# toes and tips. "♦"
"♦" EL \J Youths' sizes, + j
't TOH1«»!" "^V— Boys' sizes, »
+ ifiTllP^ lifiilllT 24 to 54 95c *
■*" ZST^fX ._ . Ladies' Vlcl "*"
■f. "s\^/^ Kid Button -T-
a * ~ Shoes, broad +
ft" IT 1 or opera toes, -4-
■♦" , ft V I without tips, _7
4- I £■ I small elzes, AA "^ I
4- ]L\ ' 2% to 4, A2U-f I
Z. S \\. to 3^4, B, C and +
•♦" ft >*\ D wide, from 2 .
4- tT^^^^V^ to 3; Bhoes re -
•♦- Tis3T lit'"^*»»i»^I it '"^*»»i»^ duced from $2, ■♦*
_T ■X' 7TV - i i™T $2 50. $3 to 50c. +
just to clean them out. About a dozen _. ;
"♦" pairs, small sizes, with tips, also on "*
4- bargain counter, same price, 50c. +
OXFORD-TIES, 51c, : !
T Broken lot. different styles, sizes I*4 .
▼" to 3; a bargain if you have small feet; j
4. worth $2 and $2 50 a pair. ▼
4- We do not guarantee to fill country "*"
a .orders. . +
~ Send for New Illustrated Catalogue. .
4- Address . ▼" i
■f B. KATCHINSKI, +
♦ PHILADELPHIA SHOE COMPANY,
4- 10 Third st., San Francisco.
++ + 4- 4-4-4- 4-4- + 4-4-4-4-4-
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslae and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlcorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-wlncfed testimonials necessary
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
823 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
"D OTTCUI7Q FOR barbers, bak- ,
JDIIU OilJuO ers - bootblacks, bath- ,
houses, billiard tables, !
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, canners,
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
SLEDS, BOATS, ETC.
1 75-horse power Roberts boiler, 1 35-horM
power Scotch marine boiler, metallic lifeboats,
to wooden boats of all descriptions can be seen
, at 718 Third street GEO. W. KNEASS.
AMUSEMENTS.
SoscomSs
Waiter Morosco. Sole Lessee and Manager.
Telephone, Main 532.
MONDAY, JULY 18. THIRD WEEK OF
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY."
JAMES M. BROPHY
In Edwin Milton Royle's Patriotic Drama,
"CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE."
Exciting Battle Scenes. Tropical Scenery.
Old Glory and Our Soldier Boys In
Mexico.
Evening Prices 25c and 50c
Family Circle and Gallery 10c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A GREAT BILL OF NOVELTIES AND COMEDY.
VALMORE, the "Instrumental Man";
JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR, In
"The Quiet Mr. Gay": GILBERT & GOLDIE.
Native Comedians; LORENZ & ALLEN, Ec-
centric Dancers; BERT COOT AND JULIE
KINGSLEY, in "Supper for Two"; FLEUR-
ETTE, Terpsichorean Marvel; MRS. ALICE J.
SHAW AND DAUGHTERS; FALKE & SE-
MON, Comedians.
Reserved seats, 25c. Balcony, 10c Opera
chairs and box seats, 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mn.Ern«*Un» Kieling, Proprietor and liana.* jr.
LAST NIGHTS,
Planquette's Charming Opera
'•THE
BELLS OF CORNEVILLE"
GREAT CAST!
NEW SCENERY! CORRECT COSTUMES!
NEXT WEEK,
"THE BEGGAR STUDENT."
Mllloecker's melodious work.
Popular prices 25 and 50 cents.
NO telephone.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 3 NIGHTS-MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Presenting the great Empire Theater success
"LIBERTY HALL."
A modern comedy by R. C. Carton.
Next Monday — The New War Drama,
"A GALLANT SURRENDER."
SEATS NOW READY.
A T \ rj \ |-\ BEATS BY PHONE '
ALLAZ^AK. Main 254.
ALWAYS CROWDED.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
Last Week— Last Nights,
LEWIS MORRISON
"FAUST!"
MONDAY NIGHT —
LEWIS MORRISON. Gorgeous Presentation,
■ ■.-.;,; "EAST LYNNE."
DON'T FAIL TO SEE THE WONDERFUL
JAPANESE ACROBATS!
The Balancing Marvels of the Age.
AT THE CHUTES
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
A Great Vaudeville Dill in the Free Theater.
CANNON, the BIG GUN. STILL BOOMS!
See the SHETLAND PONY and TINY COLT!
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc.
AT VSI DI k Corner of Mason and Eddy Streets.
ULllTiriAGreat New Bill of Stars. Gibson St
Allen, Comedians: Flossie Nash, Soubrette;
Ordway & Rand, Thrilling Bicyclists; Quazina,
Royce Sisters, Rockwell and Others. Admis-
sion Free. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 3o
1- 'ng. with admission. 25c; children. 2!) c.
eonooooooooooooooo
°w PALACE w 2
2 GRAND nQTMhM%
,; BAH FHANCIBCO. Q
Connected by a covered passagovray.
O 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. O
© NOTE THE PRICES: O
A Europ*an Plan. Bl .oo per day and upward A
v American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward ••*
Q Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOEK 0. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. Q
POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
DR. MCOTLTT.
I HIS V.'ELL-KNOWN AND RKLrABLE Or.D
L NiitfiAilfttrMrvx PrtrateJT«>rTons3loo(!aiM2
Diseases of Men only Mr.nly Power restored. Ov»r
experience. Send for Hook, free. Patient*
cored nt Horn*. Terms reason. Hours. 0 to 3
d&lly;B:3Q t.->S.:»eT'KTi. Sundays, 10 to 12. Cotmnltn-
lloulree and sacredly confidential. Call oraddress
*». ROSCOE Df^ITLTT, ■. 1»-
26' 2 EEARNt STREET, SAN FBAKCISOO, CA&
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Bilver about the same.
Wheat more unsettled.
darley, oats and Kye dull.
Corn much higher and scarce.
Hay again in larger receipt. Straw weaker.
White Beans continue In demand.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Vegetables lower. !
Butter off again. Cheese unchanged.
Eggs continue to advance.
Poultry in good supply.
Fresh Fruit about the same.
Trices for new Prunes being established.
New Apricots in quick demand.
Provisions slow.
Hogs weaker again.
SOME STAPLE EXPORTS.
The exports of Flour and Wheat from the
United States for the last fiscal year ending
June SO, 1898, were ns follows:, compared with
the prt-ending fiscal year: Flour, 15,233,009 bar
rels. against 14.609.500; Wheat. 146.U23.00u bush
els, against 79 563
The exports of Cotton during the fiscal year
wtp 1 lbs. valued at J22;«.907,000,
against 8,103.754,000 lbs, at $230,891,000.
The total exports of breadstuffs were valued
at $324,706,000, against $197,857,000.
The total exports and Imports of the country
during the past fiscal year were as follows:
■ 17 1597-98.
Experts 81,060.993,556 Jl.2Sl.3ll.SfiS
Imports 764,73'i.412 616.062,844 |
Excess exports $ 286,263.144 $ 61f 259,024
The excess in exports for the past year is
unparalleled In the history of the country.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Merldlan-Pactflo Time.)
SAN FRAN*'IP<"O, July 21. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In Call'
Eureka. 62; Fresno. 94; Los Angeles, 76; Red
Bluff. S6; Independence, 90; San Diego, 70; Sac
ramento, 80; San Lull Oblspo, 78; Yuma, 104.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 61;
minimum, f>o; mean. 58
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
F'^l IECASTS.
The pressure is highi>.«t this evening on the
Northern California, Oregon and Washington
coast and lower In the plateau region of Ne
vada. Only sIU-ht temperature changes have
red west of the Rocky Mountains. Con
ditions are favorable for continued fair weath
er In ■ • \ sepl fog in the morning.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, July 22. 1898:
■l.em California— Fair Friday; fresh west
wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday: cooler in all but ex
■ [..irtion.
V;h' ler Friday.
■ a Fair Friday.
Sim Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday, ex-
c ■■; t probably fog in the morning; brisk to high j
i md.
lal report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at S p. m. — Clear; wind 36 we.-t: temperature,
64. iwrtmiim, 07. W. H HAMMON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 21.— There was no relief to
the undeviating quietude of the stock market
to-day. A few of the industrial specialties
■were pushed up on considerations individual
to the stock. The strength of these had some
sympathetic effect on the list, stocks which
showed an appreciation in price on a very
email volume of dealings. Not all of these
grains •"■•■re held, but prices at the close showed
email net gains as a rule. Rubber, Leather,
Metropolitan, Lead and Cotton Oil were all ad- j
vanced quite materially, and there were a few |
of the railroad stocks which rose as much as
a point. London was a small buyer on bal- !
ance. The hesitation in the wheat market had
Its reaction in the stock market though the
fact is now accepted that we are to have a !
■wheat crop of unprecedented proportions. Of :
rather more significance was to-day's report |
that there were prospects of a very large crop
of Roumanian wheat, supplementing yester
day's report of an expected heavy Increase in
the French crop. Prices for the future de- :
liveries of wheat show a tendency to spread
from the prices : . Ins at the corresponding !
period last year, the active speculation in the
coming crop at this time* last year being in
full fo»:e w.th rer<rts of damage to European
crops azi tie jr^r^ctlve heavy shortage. To
day's price for the September delivery in New
York is si»r=i 7 c«nts under the price for the
comspoa&isg ;<r:Kl fcr last year. The in
terrufte<i ml ncvement already shows signs
of recovery, ari a. go>i export demand gives
hope that prtse^; prices will be well main
tained and the movement of the new crop con
tinued, sterling exchange was reduced *» In
the actual rates to-<iay under the influence of
grain and cotton bills in the market and there
was no hardening trniency in the money mar- j
ket. The pressure of investment funds was !
conspicuous in the bond market to-day, notabiy
for highly secured bonds of reorganized roads.
Very heavy blocks of the Union Pacific ami the
At' hi.- n It were taken. There was alFo a !
movement in speculative bonds, Wisconsin Is !
being the leading example. This bond appre
ciated % per cent and reacted sharply on profit, >
taking, but hardened again before the close. I
Total sales, J4, £10.000.
The new Government 3s rose to 104% to-day
on demand attributed to the banks for pur- i
poses of circulation. The profit in circulation ;
with these bonds over that by the use of the I
4s of 1925 has a margin still remaining with I
the premium above 104. United States new 4s
coupon and the 5s registered advanced % pet I
cent and the old 43 coupon declined ',; in the
bid price.
Total sales of stock were 122.100 shares, in- .
eluding 4,420 Atchison preferred; 3.24-) Man
hattan; 3.203 Metropolitan; 3,703 Reading' 4 C 25
New Jersey Central; 1,960 St. Paul; 5,030 Union
Pacific, I), fi G. ; 7.355 Cotton Oil: 4,340 To- '
bacco; 6,500 Lead; 84,185 Sugar; 12.&76 Leather
preferred; 9.156 Rubber.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13^ St PA Om 152%
Do prefd 34V» Do prefd 150
Baltimore tt Ohio 13 St V M A M .. 112
Canada Pacific .. m- 4 So Pacific ii»i ;
Canada Southern. 53 So Railway ... i\
Central Pacific .. 141.4 Do j.r-rd" 3«%
Ches & Ohio 22% Texas & Pacific. 12 : -2
Chi & Alton 160 Union Pacific .... 60-'»
Chi B 4 Q 105% U P D & G 6%
Chi & E 111 £4 VVabash . . 7?
CCC &St L.... 41% Do prefd . IS
Do prefd 85 Wheel & L E.... % .
Del & Hudson... 104% Do prefd ... 8
Del L & \V 160 Express Companies-
Den ■■■ li >' 12 Adams Ex 101
Do prefd 4.<% American Ex .... 135
• Erie (new) 12 : '« United States .... 41
Do Ist prefd.... 34'< Wells Fargo 119
Fort Wayne 170 Miscellaneous—
pt Nor prefd.... 126 A Cot Oil 23%
Hocking valley... 6% Do prefd 76%
Illinois Central .. 107', Amn Spirits 11%
Lake Erie & W.. 13 I), prefd 32*1
r Do prefd ........ ■" Am Tobacco ..... nn r .>,
Lake Shore ...... 188 Do prefd 122
l>.uls & Nash.... i>2\ . pie's Gas 98% !
Manhattan L .... 106 ■ : ins Oas ... i<m> i
Met Bt Ry 150% Com Cable Co 170
Mich Central .... 106.; Col F & 1r0n.... 20
Minn A St L.... 28 Do prefd . 60
Do Ist urefd.... 88 Gen Electric 38%
M Pacific 34% Illinois Steel 66
Mobile & 0hi0... 2.".- Laclede Gas .... 50>.; i
Mo X & T 10% Lead 36U
Do prefd 34>4 Do prefd 110% ;
Chi Ind A L 9% Nat Lin Oil ...... 132 '
Do prefd 29% Pacific Mall 234 '
Is J Central w. 4 Pullman Palace... Wt '
n y en?*!"!::: u # iffis STt 00 * 168 I*
Do Ist prefd.... 85 Sugar !!.". IS*.
Do M prefd.... M Do prefd . " mil I
Nor West 14 tC a 1r0n...!:." r
No Amer Co 6% U § Leather 7%
No Pacific 29 Do prefd 65%
Do prefd 70% r s Rubber ... 31% ;
Ontario & W 14% Do prefd .... ! 91%
Or R & Nay 4- West Union 92%
Or Short Line... 23 C& N W I2su
PitUburg 170 Do prefd ...]"" 173
Beading 16% st LA 8 W "5
Do Ist prefd.... 39 Do prefd .. 10%
Rock Island 95% R O AW. ... Kit
st Louis & sf... 7% Do prefd ..:::::: f,6^
Do Ist prefd.... 61 Phi 6 W ' 1414
Do M prefd.... 18% Haw Com Co.. " 2't4
Et Paul 08% union Pacific .... 24 ~
Do prefd 161 | Brooklyn R T... 65
CLOSING BONDS.
I" S new 43 reg.. 124 N J C 65.... 111
Do coup 125V 4 N Carolina is. '.'.'. 125
U B4s 10.»% Do 4s 102
Do coup 110 No Pac lsts ' 112%
Do 2ds 96 Do Ss ... 63*
US 6s reg 111% Do 49 .... ... SB
Do Bs coup 112% x V C ft St his. 105%
District 3.65s 116% Nor & YV 6s iv ,
Ala class .&„.... 108 Northwstrn con : 14314
DO B 100 Do deb r,s.. 11714
Do C SO O Nay 15i5...."" m
Do Currency ... 90 O Nay 4s. 95V
Atchison 4s 94% O S Line 6s tr"" 127
Do adj 4s 70% O S Line 5s tr.... 104
Can So 2ds 101 Pacific 6s of 95 102
Chi Term 4s m;>, Reading 4s ... 82 !
C •■• Ohio 5s 114% n G w lsts... .... $9% :
C H & D 4%5.... 104% St L A I M C Eg. 99?
D & R O lsts.... 109% StL&SFG 6s. 118 ;
D & R G 4s '•■ St P Con 145 i
East Term lsts.. 105% St PC & P lets 11714 i
Erie Gen 4* 73' i Do 5s ... lISU
FW & D lsts tr. 74 So Ry 55... " 931? :
Gen Elec 5s 105 Stand R& T 65.. 71
G II & S A6s 104 Term new set 35.. 91%
Do 2ds 101 Tex PL G lsts... 106
HAT Css 110% Do Rsr 2ds 42%
Do con 63 11l Union Pacific 45.. 97%
lowa C lsts 102 VPD & G lsts.. 72%
La new cons 45.. 104 Wali Ist 6s lIOU
L & X Unl 45.... £S«i! Do 2ds 88 j
Missouri ts 100 |W Shore 45.: 10SV4
M X & T 2ds 65% Va Centuries 71U
Do 4s 89% Do deferred ... 04
N T Central lsts.. II"
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 02 Ophlr 10
Con Cal & Va.... 85 Plymouth 12 J
Deadwood 30 Quicksilver 160
Gould & Curry.... 03 i Do prefd 630
Hale & Norcross. 42 Sierra Nevada ... 38
Homestake 48 00 Standard '.. 1 45
Iron Silver 14 Union Con 14
Mexican 07 1 Yellow Jacket.... 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Atchlson prefd .. 34V4
Call loans 2@3 Boston L 67 1 *
Time loans 3<&4 E E 111 ISO
Stocks— Gen Elec prefd... 93
A T & S F 13 Bonds—
Amer Sugar 1324 Atchlson 4s 93
Do prefd 113".. Gen Elec os 104
Bay State Gas... 1 7-lti Wis Cent lsts.... 45»4
Bell Telphone .... 274 Do 6s 125&
Boston & Albany. 225 ' Mining Shares—
Boston & Maine. 161*; Allouez Mm C 0... 3*i
Chi n & Q 10614 Atlantic 36 ,
Fltchburg 1004 Boston & Mont. WJJS
Gen Electric 3S?i Butte & Boston... 23%
Illinois Steel 56 Calumet & Hecla. 550 I
Mexican Central.. 4% Centennial 134 |
NY & N Ens 94 Franklin H l = ;
Old Colony 193 Osceola 46*
Rubber 31% Quincy 117
Union Pacific .... 23»* Tamarack Ij2
West End S5 Wolverine 23
WePtlnghouse El. 24% Parrot t 23
Do prefd 54& Old Dominion 22% |
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 21.— The Evening: Post's
: London financial cablegram Bays: The stagna
■ tion in the stock markets here is unbroken.
j Americans were inclined to be good to-day ana |
! were above the New York parity. Grand Trunk j
was also fairly well maintained in spite of the I
lack of confirmation of the rate war settlement.
; Cheap money is bringing new Investments,
i but with a rush, and the business is being
overdone. There are indications In the ex
change market that a decline in American ex
change is looked for. Brazils were better. De
tails of the gold movement for the week show
the sale of £171.000 in German coin, the export
of £88.000 to the Continent and the receipt of
£111.000 from South America and of £66,000
from Portugal. .
Spanish fours closed at 36 7-16 d.'
Canadian Pacific, 87%; Grand Trunk, 7%: bar !
silver steady, 27 7-16 d; money, *4 per cent.
MADRID. July 21.— Spanish fours closed to
day at 66.30. Gold was quoted at 73.25.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. July FLOUR— Receipts,
8868 barrels; exports. 255. Quiet and steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 84,175 bushels; exports, |
154.043. Spot, dull; No. 2 red, S4c f. o. b. afloat, \
export grade, to arrive. Options opened H<i?%e j
easier, but soon recovered on strength in cash i
and July, . which led to covering, but outside
speculation that was relied upon failed to ma- i
terialize and the local traders soon became
active sellers and caused weakness. The dis
count of lo£f2oc between cash prices and the
remote deliveries checked selling. The market,
except for July, closed at a decline of %c. No.
2 red July, S2V§S3V\ closed S3c; September,
72%@74 l-16c, closed 72% c.
HOPS-Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
METALS— market Is about holding its
own at New York, but that is about the best
that can be said. The New York Metal Ex- ;
change reports the closing of the markets as
follows:
PIG I RON— Warrants quiet but firm, with
$6 70 bid and $6 SO asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $11 50.
TlN— Quiet at $15 6" bid and $15 70 asked. i
SPELTER— Quiet, with $4 40 bid and $4 60
asked.
LEAD— Steady, with $3 95 bid and $3 974 :
asked. The firm that fixes the settling price j
for miners and smelters quotes lead at $3 SO.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, net. un
changed to 5 points lower. Sales, 11,750 bags,
including September, $5 45. Spot coffee— Rio,
dull; No. 7 Invoice, 6c; No. 7 jobbing, 6%c; '
mild, lull; Cordova, BVi®lsc.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 9-16e; ;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-16 c; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4562 packages. Firm; ,
Western creamery, 14©17V4c; Elgins, 17c; fac- !
tory. U@lSc.
EGGS — Receipts, 6600 packages. Steady;
Western. 13%@14c
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, July 21. — California Dried
Fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 6@Sc;
prime wire tray, S&c; choice, S%@9c; fancy,
9Hc.
PRUNES— 4QSc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 8H?il0c; Moorpark, 10®
12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. s@Sc; peeled. 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
' CHICAGO, July 21.— Favorable weather and
excellent crop reports from the Middle States
started wheat weak for September and
cember futures. No business was done In
July the first half hour of the session and
when at the end of that time a small lot wan
wanted there was none forthcoming until it j
waa bid up to SOc or 2*« c above the price it
: closed at -»sterday. Such scarcity of wheat
for this month's delivery, with ten days left to
bring It from the country, gave September j
shorts a disagreeable shock. They lost confi
dence in immediate lower prices and boughv. ;
as much as possible under the disadvantage
of very Fmall offerings. September shows a
lofs of December left off "jc lower.
The closing quotations from Paris showed !
Juiy wheat there extremely heavy, the reduc
1 tion In price being equal to 6»ic a bushel and
September-December was down the equiva
lent of I'hC a b-jfih*-!. That changed the tem
per of the trade here. The feeling at once
turned from the bull to the bear side and the
t-ar.sh features of the early news began to i
receive recognition. Chicago receipts were 63 |
■ ars. or thirty less than expected. The total
receipts at Western primary markets were 1
441.000 bushels.
Showers where they were needed badly and
the failure of the predicted frost in Northern 1
at caused heaviness to be the ruleforcorn. !
1 Th« downward tendency was accelerated by j
■ enormous receipts. Shippers were without
I workable bids and the bulls were content to
await another dry scare before adding to pre
vious holdings. Another bearish factor was a .
tl n of showers everywhere West. South
west and Northwest to-night and to-morrow. ;
September declined 'ifl^c on the day.
In oats good buying r>y professionals and an |
Improved demand for the caah article held fu- i
tures steady. September left off unchanged.
The decline In corn and lower prices for
hogs at the yards depressed provisions. Various
reports as to the yellow fever situation kept
outsiders from entering the market and pack
». « r v;»rf not disposed to do much. Pork and
ribs quit T'^c lower. I.ard Is Be down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 79»4 goty 75% !5>4 i
September 68!4 69V6 <"•<** 67% j
Ij<cemher 68% 68% 67>i 67>
Corn No. —
July 33»i 33Vi 32% 32% J
September 334 33i,j, .".:% .;3 !
i>- > rr, her 33% 34 :::Pi 5.V*
May 36 36% 35V* 35^
Oats No. 2—
July 23V4 23% 22% 22%
September 19% 20% 19% 19%
May 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 9 72%
September 9 93 9 95 9 85 9 87%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 5b5 6 67^. E 57% 560
October 570 570 6 C 2% 665 ,
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 5 67% 670 5 62% 5 62%
October 670 570 5 67% 5 67%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, \
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 75c; No. spring ;
wheat, 70<g80c; No. 2 red, SO'^c; No. 2 corn. ;
33';<&33%c; No. 2 oats, 24c: No. 2 white, 2Sc;
No. 3 white, 26®26%c; No. 2 barley. 32 / S3sc; No.
I Haxseed. $ltfjl 02; prime Timothy seed, $2 55;
i mess pork, per bbl, $3 75©9 80; lard, per 100
lbs, $5 sZtt&> •'••'>: short ribs sides (loose), f." 45®
6 70; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4%@5c; short
clear sides (boxed), $6 10@6 20.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
! Flour, barrels 6.500 8,700
! Wheat, bushels 48,500 30,900
i Corn, bushels 228,200 348,100
: Oats, bushels 194,900 211,000 '
i Rye. bushels 9,100
Barley, bushels 2.200 700
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
Market was firm; Creameries. 13^4@16V4c;
Dairies, ll@14c; Eggs steady, fresh lie.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 29.970 18.960
Duluth 5,701 79,271
i Milwaukee 8,450
Chicago 48,508 30.961
Toledo 192,287 121,000
St. I»ul8 45.000 20 000 i
; Detroit 18,277 18,512
Kansas City 77.000 52.000 i
Totals 425,193 340,704
Tidewater —
Boston 14.000 29 985
New York 84.175 154,043
Philadelphia 1,544 440
, Baltimore 89.418 63 008
New Orleans .......
Galveston .}".'.'.
Total 189,132 237,376
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 52 70 44 75
Closlnu 5170 440 °
Opening 4 23 10 20 35
Closing .'. 22 00 20 10
LIVERPOOL FUTURES
Opening ..... » fT 6 D £
Closing 68% 6 11% 67»
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company auctioned California
fruit as follows:
CHICAGO, July 21.-Plums-Wlckson. $1 |M
■ 2 25, average $2 09; California red. U 45«2 15
average $1 47; Diamond. %\ 45; Satsuma 97c
Prunes— Tragedy. 80c@U 30, average $1 01- Ger
man, »1 25; Rartlett Pears. $1 66; ventilator
$147; Fontainbleau Grapes, |1 35. Weather
warm. Seven cars sold.
BOSTON. July 21— Bartlett Pears, $1 75^2
] average *1 85. Plums— Batsuma, n 85; Walling',
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JL T LY 22, 1898.
$1 71: Ogon 65c® $2 10, average $1 68: Tragedy
I Prunes. $1 41. Peaches— s Early, 40@60c.
average 56c; Early Crawford, 50@80c, average
66c. Weather very hot. Five cars sold.
NEW YORK, July 21.— Bartlett Pears, $1 70
©I 90, average $1 74. Weather tlry. Seven cars
PHILADELPHIA, July Plums— Burbank,
$1 45- ogon. 95cffr$l 45. average $1 38; Tragedy,
$1 1501 55, average $1 3S. Peaches— Strawberry,
56c- Crawford, 40{?60c, average 45c; Hale's Ear
ly B2c: St. John. 55c; Imperial. 40@75c, average
46c; Bartlett Pears. $1 506 1 75. average $1 61;
half-boxes. 76c. Three cars sold.
MONTREAL. July 20.— Bartlett Pears, $2 13;
Tragedy Prune?, $173; German, $140; P. D.
Plums. $2 10; Washington. $2: Jefferson, $2 30.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July 21.— CATTLE— Were slow to
day at barely steady prices. Choice steers,
$4 15ifl'5 50; medium, $4 65@4 85; beef steers,
$4 •_'"../ 4 60; stockers and feeders, $3(g'4 75; bulls,
j $2 7:.C'4 25; cows and heifers, $3 IOJjJ; cann?is,
$2 25@3; calves, $3@7; Western steers, $4 25@
! 5 30.
HOGS— Were about s@loc lower. Fair to
choice. $3 92>A(g'4 05; packers, $3 75@3 90; butch
ers, $3 80@4;" mixed. $3 75®3 95; Tight, $3 25® j
3 65: pigs. $3 70*53 80.
SHEEP— Business in sheep was fairly active j
at about steady prices. Native sheep, $3(y5;
Western sheep, $4 25@4 60; Texans, $3 50(g4 50;
lambs, $45j6 60.
Receipts— Cattle, 10,000; hogs, 34,000; sheep,
12.000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, July 21.— CATTLE— Receipts.
6510. Market steady. Native steers, $2 75*95 25; !
: native cows and heifers. $4@4 90; stockers and ;
: feeders. $2 65<54 85; bulls, $2 S5<S4.
I HOGS— Receipts. 17,000. Market weak to 10c
lower. Bulk of sales. $3 70@3 85; heavies. $3 75 '
: @3 95; packers, $3 60@3 SO; mixed. $3 60@3 80;
lights. $3 50®3 70; yorkers, $3 «5®3 70; pigs, $3 20
@3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Market steady.
Lambs, $3 65@6 10; muttons, $304 20.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. July 21.— Receipts, 2100.
Market steady. Native beef steers, $4 25@5 20;
Western steers. $3 90@4 76; cows and heifers,
$3 4Q@>3 SO; stockers and feeders, $3 60; bulls and
Btagß. $2 80rg4.
HOGS— Receipts, 1700. Market 60 lower.
Heavy $3SO@3 90; mixed. $3 80@3 82V4; light,
$3 72H<|3 824; bulk of Bales. $3 80(g3 82.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2200. Market stronger.
Fair to choice natives, $3 SCK94 60; do Westerns,
$3 60®4 40; common stock, $3 60@4 25; lambs,
$4 50ij6.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July Consols, 111%: Silver, j
27 9-16 d; French Rentes, 103 f , 15c.
LIVERPOOL, July 21.- Wheat cargoes off j
coast, quiet and steady; cargoes on passage, !
nominal, unchanged: English country markets,
quiet; Wheat, steady; Wheat in Paris, weak;
Flour In Paris, weak; French country markets,
quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-16 d.
CORN— quiet, 3s 2 ! »id.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, July 21. - COTTON—
Steady: middling, 5%.
NEW YORK, July 21.— COTTON— Quiet; mid
dling, 8%.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, July To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $256,322,329; gold reserve,
$187,208,243.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 21.— Exchanges. $181,
020; balances. $10,691.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. July Wheat un
1 changed; Walla Walla, 60i@62c; valley and blue
stem, 63ig64c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July Wheat quotations are ,
purely nominal at 60c for club and 63c for blue
stem.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight $4 87
Sterling Exchange, 60 days 4 85%
Sterling Cables 4 88
New York Exchange, telegraphic. .. 17%
New York Exchange, sight 16
I Fine Silver, per ounce 89>4
1 Mexican Dollars 46 4673
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Auldglrth takes for Cap« Town
; 56,586 ctls, valued at $99,734.
Futures opened lower, but fell back. The
spot market, as usual, remained unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, *1 25J{1 27 1 milling.
$1 35@1 45 per ctl.
CALL BOARD
Informal session— 9:ls — December — 8008
Ctls, $1 28%: 4000, $1 29.
Second session — December— 2ooo ctls, $1 28*4;
1 ."" $1 2S>*; 4uuO. »1 2S; 2000, »1 27%; 10,000
*1 27%.
Regular morning session— December 2B,ooo
ctls, $1 27M,: 4000, $1 27%; 14,000, *1 27H
$1 27M.; 20,000. $1 27.
; Afternoon session — December — 6000 ctls,
$1 ZM,: 20.000. $1 27.
BARLEY— market was dull and without
any change whatever.
Feed. $1 2001 2SV4: Brewing. $1 30@l 35.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— No sales.
Regular morning December— Booo
! $1 20; 2000, $1 19%; 4000, $1 19%.
Afternoon session — December — 4000 ctls,
Jl Iff,; 2000, $1 19.
OATS — Are steady and unchanged. Fancy
i Feed, $1 32© 1 35 per ctl; good to choice, $1 25®
1 32%; common, $1 17Vi@l 22^; Surprise, $132%
i <gl 35; gray, $1 22%@1 25; milling, $1 30@l 35 per
, ctl.
CORN— The advance In the Eastern market
to a point above the parity of this market has
j checked shipments to this place, and as the
! local product is scarce the market has rapidly
I risen during the past day or so and Is very
I stiff at the improvement. Small round yellow,
, $1 30@l 35: Eastern large yellow, sacked, $1 15;
1 white, $1 17@1 20; mixed, $1 10 per ctl.
RYE— sl 2U!gl 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 65@4 75; bakers'
extras, $4 4094 50 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100;
: Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
I Cornmoal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats.
' $4 50; Hominy, $3 25fi3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
i ley), $5 85@6 25; In sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay was easy again, owing to receipts' of
i 836 tons, though there was no decline worthy of
note. The market Is unusually sensitive this
year, and is weak one day and firm the next,
1 according as arrivals are heavy or light. The
' general plane of values, however, remains
! about the same, day after day. While the deal
ers themselves are all at sea regarding the fu
ture course of the market, It seems to be the
j general opinion that prices will not vary vio
lently, one way or the other, for some weeks,
; though this, of course, Is mere guesswork.
Feedstuff s range about the same. Straw Is
rather weaker.
BRAN— SIS 50@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $26 per ton.
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31ifT31 50; Jobbing
$32'5X32 50: Coooanut Cake, $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal, $2S(?f3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23@23 50;
1 Cracked Corn, $24(}j24 50.
NEW Wheat. $1S 50@19 for choice and
$17018 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat.
$16 50(318 60: Oat, Sl6©l7B"' Wild Oat. $16016 50;
Barley. $16; Island T.arley, J14@16; -Alfalfa,
i $12 So@l3: Clover. $13@14 50 per ton.
STRAW— COigSoc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
White Beans continue firm and wanted, but
colored are quiet. Seeds remain unchanged.
BEANS— BayOS, $2 7552 90; Small Whites,
Jl SO® 2; Large Whites, $175^180; Pinks, $2 50
»2 60; Reds. $2 00^2 75; Blackeye, $3 1698 25;
Butters, nominal: Limas, J2 75<g2 £5; Pea, Jl 80
(01 90; Red Kidneys, $2 50W2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 HOG per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. J4 25; Flax. $2'p2 05; Canary
Se.'d. 2Vi'&29ic per lh; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
i\ t fi2\c: Hemp, 2\rit3c; Timothy, s@sHc
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, Jl 75®2; Green, $2®
2 10 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONION'S AND VEGETABLES.
Cucumbers and Summer Squash are lower.
Tnmatnex are stPady. Potatoes and Onions
range about the same.
POTATOES— 6OOMc in sacks and 50@75c In
boxes for Early Rose and 50@65c In sacks and
60090 cm boxes for Bur.'anks; Salinas Bur
banks, 75@85c.
ONIONS— KO6Oo per ctl for red and 65@S0c
per ctl for yellow.
V FXJ ETA BLES— Green Peas, 2Uc; String
B»ans. 3<fr4c per lb; Lima Beans. f>e; Bay
Squash. 2*>fi '"oc ; Orf-en Peppier*. sO'S7se fnr Chile
and JlfTl 50 for Bell; Dried Peppers, s@6c; Cab
bage. 50c per ctl; Carrots, So@soc per sack; Bay
Cucumbers, BOBOc: Vacavflle Tomatoes, 4n*gi
Tuc; Los Angeles, "Sc^ll per box; River Toma
toes. $1 50$i2: Green Corn. 80c<Jj$l per sack for j
Vncavllle, $1<E?1 50 per crate for Alameda and !
75986 c for Berkeley; Garlic, 2<33c per lb; Green
Okra. EO078c; E«g Plant. 50c*i$l per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated. 16® 18c: granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
haft*. 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 15c for Turkeys,
$3 25 for Ducks, $5 for old Roosters and $6ig"6 50
for Hens.
Turkeys are steady and good large Hens sell
well. Ducks and Geese are cheap. Young
Pf>'iltrv continues dull and weak.
POULTET— IJv« Turkeys. 13@15c for Gob-
I biers and WSISc for Hens; young Turkeys,
i Uc; Geese. r>f>r pair, 7ic®sl; Goslings. $1@
j 1 25; Ducks, $3'g3 25 for old and $3@4 for young;
I Hens. $4 outgo 60; Roosters, young, $5(g6; Roos
1 ters, old, $4ig4 50; Fryers, $3 50® 4; Broilers,
! »W3 50 for large: J2 @2 50 ior small: Pigeons,
I $1 25@1 60 per dozen for young and old.
i GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs have again advanced. There is no
change in Cheese.
Butter Is weak and plentiful and the quota
tions are again shaded.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 20c; seconds,
is© ir»c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 17@18c; common
grades, 15(g16c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 14@15c per 1b;
Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— mild new, B@9c; old, 7®
<%c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
8-^9'ic; Eastern. 12@13c. .
EGGS— Ranch Eges, l"i@2oc per dozen; store
Eggs, 13@15c; Eastern, 13@16c; Duck Eggs,
16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Peaches are weak and rather lower again.
Figs continue very scarce. Nectarines are in
light receipt and slow. Grapes are still green
and undesirable. Melons are In rather better
supply.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, *3 bO(ei £0 per chest for large
and $7 for small.
Royal Anne Cherries, 50<g 60c per box.
Figs, 50<S«5c per box for single and for
double layers.
Cantaloupes, $1 25@2 per box; Nutmegs, $1 25
<31 50 per box; Watermelons, $10@25 per hun
dred.
Huckleberries, per lb.
Red Nectarines, $I@l 25; White Nectarines,
35<&ii5c per box.
Fontainebleau Grapes from Vacavilla, 60c@$l
per crate.
Blackberries. W<H 60 per chest.
Currants. $2<£j3 50 per chest.
Plums, 40(6 76c per crate and 25®500 per box.
Aprlrots, 40@>750 per box and $40®65 per ton
in bulk.
Peaches, 40@75c per box; 50<5650 per basket.
Crabapples, 16060 c pei box.
Raspberries. $4(ii6 per chest.
Apples, SSQCjOc for common, and 75c@$l 25 per
box for No. 1.
Crabapples. 35<?f40c per box.
Bartlett Pears, $I^l 25 per box and $25®30
per ton for No. 1, and 60076 c per box for No. 2.
CITRUS FRUITS-Orangps. ?1 25^1 50 for St.
Michaels. Jlfcl 25 for Mediterranean Sweets,
and 50c®81 25 for Seedlings; Lemons, $1 25<§i2
for common and $2 50(r<3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $6: Bananas, $1 25<g2 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
Prices for new Prunes are being established
by bids for September delivery. Buyers want
to purchase at 3>4@3%c for the four sizes, but j
sellers decline to let go at these figures, I
which are about l^c over the opening bids !
last year. From present indications Prunes I
are going to sell well this year.
Apricots are very stiff and in quick demand, |
with more buyers than sellers. There are no |
prices yet for new Peaches.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%@
6c for 40-50' s. 44iQ4%c for 50-r,o's, 3%<fr4c For !
60-70' s, 3Vi(g3VsC for 70-80' s, 2%<S3c for 80-90' s, 2Vi !
iff2V4c for 90-100's; Peaches, 3(§.->c; fancy. sVi@
6c: peeled. 101il2V2c; new Apricots, BV3'.»V4c for I
Royals; old Apricots, S^e'^c for Royals and i
7(&Sc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo- ,
rated Apples, 7Vi'SSc; sun-dried, 4V>@sc; Black i
Figs, In sack*. 2ft2Vic; Plums, 4'i.@4»ic for !
pitted and l--/4WIUc/ 4 WIUc for unpitted;" bleached \
Plums, f.rn.-,i;e; Nectarines, 405 c for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2U'ii4 l : c for quarters and 3@si*.c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 2fi2 I , s c for two-crown, 2%(f3c for !
three-crown: 3V 4 (&3%c for four-crown, 4V4c for i
Seedless Sultanas, 2\c for Sf-edless Muscatels !
and Jllgl 15 for London layers; dried Grapes i
2V4C
NUTS— Walnuts, 3<BAc for hardshell, 4<ff6c for
softshell; Almonds, 3£i4c for hardshell, 6@7c for ,
softsbell; Sl»''/9cS I »''/9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@ |
sM>c for Eastern and 4%C for California; Pe
cans, 6HOBc; Filberts. 9".®10c; Brazil Nuts. :
B^9c per lb: Cocoanuts. ?4 50f55 per 100
HONEY— Comb, 9fdoc for bright and 6<Zf7c i
for lower grades; water-white extracted. 51*®
6c: light amber extracted, 4»i!@sV.c per lb
BEESWAX-24©260 per Ih.
PROVISIONS.
The market continues dull at the old prices, j
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 9c per tb for I
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10c for light, '
• lie for extra light and 12512% c for sugar cured'; i
Ea6tern sugar-cured Hams. 10%@llc; (.'alt
fornia Hams, :<u«lOc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl" i
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear I
$17&17 50; mess. $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12Vbc
per n>.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per tt>
j for compound and 8c for pure; pails, &%c
California tierces, 6%c per lt> for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, 7V*c; 10-11) tins
He; 5-lt) tins. B>»ic.
j COTTOLENE - Tierces, 6^g6%c; packages
i less than 300 lbs— l-ft> pails, 60 in a case. 9%c;
3-lb pails. 20 in a case, BSc; 5-Ib pails. 12 in a
case. B%c; 10-!t> pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 60-Ib
, tins, 1 or 2 In a case. "Tic; wooden buckets. 20
; rhs net. BVfcc; funcy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7^,c; half
i barrels, about 110 tbs, ~\c per It>.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDKS AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10% c; medium, 9%c; light, 9c; Cow
hides, 9i§9%c; Stags. 6c; salted Kip. 9c; Calf !
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands |
| 12c; dry Kip and Veal. 15e; dry Calf, 18c; j
Goatskins, 27%@30c; medium, 30c; winter, 10c; '
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15»§'25c each; short wool, '
BO@4Oc each; medium, 6OtiSoc; long wool 90c@
$110 each; Horsehides, salt. $2/£2 50 for large j
and $I^l SO for small; Colts. 50c; Horsehldes, I
dry, $1 BOOS for large and $1 for small; Colts,
60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3^o per R>; No. 2,
2%c; refined, 4%<{i4*4c: Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clips. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
: free Northern. 9f?l2c. Spring clip — Southern
Mountain. 12 months'. 9(gllc; San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months', SITlOc; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12<fil4c; do, defective. 10®12c;
Middle county, i:-wl6c; Humboldt and Mendo
1 cino, 15@17c; Nevada, 10® 14c; Eastern Oregon, i
I 10(S'12c; Valley Oregon, 15^17c.
HOPS— 1597 crop, 9(312%c per Ib.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Raps, 4S4@4^c; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. !
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 In hulk and $11 50 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can-
Del, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate, j
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
sacks.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
ami Fine Crushed. 7c; Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated, Ev4c; Confec
tioners' A. 5%c; Magnolia A. 5%c; Extra C.
s*4c; Golden C. 5%e; California A. 5%c per lb;
half barrels, more than barrels, and boxes
%c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue weak, at a further decline.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%c; second quality,
5%®6c; third quality, 4%<ffs%c.
VEAL— Large, 4fj".c; small, 6<g7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%(gSc; Ewes, 7@7%c
\ per rb.
LAMB— Spring, S'ffß%c per rb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4%0 for large, 4%@5c for
'• medium and 4^ 4 'ff4\c for small; stock Hogs,
2Q3%c; dressed Hogs, e'g.'Vjc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, July 21.
Flour, qr sks ... 14,0S0Hay, tons 896
Wheat, ctls 4CO Wool, bales 110
Barley, rtls 2.425 Pelts, bdls 90 I
Corn, rtls 770 Hides, no 4V3
Rye. ctls 695 Eggs, doz 13,320
Cheese, ctls 193 Quicksilver, flsk. 213
i Butter, ctls 253 leather, rolls ... 188
! Potatoes, sks ... 3.53S Lumber, ft 25.000
I Onions, eks 641 Wine, gals 34,350
: Bran, sks 770 Powder, cs 4
Middlings, sks .. 695
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 612!
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr *>ks ... 6.22K|Barley, ctls , 1.400
Wheat, ctls 800 1
■ m ■
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Romnln Dastugue to John Laplque, undi
vided on-half of lot on S line of Broadway
232:6 W of Stockton street. W 21:6 by S 137:6,
(jultclaim deed: $10.
Simon Glaser to Mlchaelis Glaser. lot on W
line of Stockton street, 50 N of Washington,
W 125 by N 25; $3000.
Annie O'Donnell (by W. F. Stafford, attor
ney) to William B. duff, all Interest In lot on
IN"VV corner of Beach and Leavenworth streets,
N 137:6 by W 137:6; $750.
Mary M. B. Martin to Artnur G. Blake, lot
on W line of Tenth avenue, 100 N of M street,
N 25 by W 120; $400.
J. S. Angus (by attorney), T. G. Crothers
and \V. S. Goodfellow (executors of estate of
James G. Fair) to Louise M. D. Bertelsen. lot
on E line of Bennington street. 25 S of Ellert,
S 25 by E 100, lot fi, block 10, Fair's Subdivision
of Hotly Park; $255.
Alexander R. Patterson to Harry W. and
Lulu M. Clark, lot on N line of Montana street
440 E of Orizaba, E IS by N 125, lot 8, block
W, Railroad Homestead; $10.
H. S. Kozminsky to George H. Davis, lot on
W line of Princeton street, 100 S of Dwight, W
120 by 8 100, lot 2, block 77, University Home
stead; JlO.
Alice Sullivart to John B. Loughran, lot on
S line of Garfleld (Sherman) street, 50 E of
Bright, E 50 by S 100. lots 27 and 28, block 56,
City Land Association; $150.
Annie Donahue to Eleanor Martin. Interest
In estate of Edward Martin: .
Edward J. Le Breton to John I. Halllday or
Holllday, property In 173S d 110, all Interest in
estate of Margaret Holllday or Halliday, No.
18.700; $2000.
Alameda County.
Henry Moehns and Fritz Roehmer as as
signees of Henry Mohns (Insolvent) by commis
sioner to Jane A. Nightlngm. lot on N line of
Lincoln avenue. 168:2 W of High street. W
224 by M 130, being lots 4 to 7. block C, Sather
& Robinson Trnct. Alameda: $2787.
George M. and Ethel Sheldon to Annie E.
Oellerlch. lot on. NE corner of Alcatraz avenue
and boundary line of block 1. Central Park
Tract, thence N 100 by W 40, being portion of
block 1, Central Park Tract, Berkeley: $10.
James and Kate E. Spiers to Phi Delta Sheta
of Berkeley (corporation), lot on NE corner of
Durant avenue and Dana street. N 130 by E
50. lot 13. block 1, Beaver Tract. Berkeley: $100.
Clara S. Elliot to Leah P. Men. lot on SE
corner of Alameda avenue and Paru streets, S
7o by E 147, block E. Oak Park, subject to
deed of trust, Alameda; $2500
Builder's Contract.
Bartlett and C. F. Doe and as executors of
the estate of John S. Doe ---wners) with Rob
inson & Gillespie (contractors), I. J. Campo
menosl & Co. (fub-contractors), architect Ed
ward R. Swain, mosaic flooring for alterations
and additions in brick building known as the
S 5- Nicholas Hotel," at junction of Market
and Hayes streets: JUfi'i
THE STOCK MARKET.
The few changes In mining stocks were gttn
erally toward lower prices. Business was dull,
as usual.
Local securities were quiet, with an advance
In Oceanic Steamship to $56.
The Con. Cal. & Va. assessment of 26c per
share will be delinquent in the company's of
fice to-day.
The Confidence assessment of 15c per share
riL delinquent in the boards to-day.
The delinquency in office of the Potosi as
sessment of 15c per share has been postponed
to August 9 and the day of sale to August 30.
The Cedar Creek Mining Company of Placer
County has levied an assessment of lc per
share, delinquent August 26.
The Julia Mining Company has called a
stockholders' meeting for September 26 to re
duce the par value of its stock to $1 per chare;
the Chollar, for September 3, to $3; Mexican,
September 23, to $3, and Occidental, for Sep
tember 22. to $3.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the week ending July 19 says: At the "tt'ood
vllle shaft we are still cleaning out and retim
bering the caved ground back of the 370 level
station. This work is approaching completion.
We continue to stope ore in the upraise from
the south drift from the bottom of the winze.
There la no change in this stope since last
report. During the week we have hoisted 10
tons of ore, the car samples of which average
as follows: Gold, $26 12; silver, »49 29; total,
$75 41 per ton.
The Qulncy Mining Company has declared a
semi-annual dividend of $3 50 per share, pay
able August 10. Total dividends declared since
organization of the company $10,120,000.
The Montana Ore Purchasing Company has
declared a regular quarterly dividend of $1,
payable In New York on July 20.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, July 21—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 51 53
4s quar coup.. llo 111 Pac Gas Imp.. 85% —
ils quar reg...ltm%llu% Pac L Co 49 —
!4s quar new. ..125*4126 S FG & E... 86% 87
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% 3>4
■ Cal-st Cab ss. 112 — ptoek Gas .... 13 —
Cal Xl <is 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... — 100 Flrem's Fund. l 97% —
pup-6t ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
I E L & P 6P..128 — Anglo-Cal .... 55 65
!F&CI Ry 65. 113 114 Bank of Ca1. .242% —
Ueary-st R ss. — 100 Cal SD & T.. 96% 98
iHC & S 5%!«..100 105 First Nat 200 —
L A L Co 6s. — 100 ILon P & A.... 127% —
Do gntd 6s:. 99 101% Mer Exchenge 10 15
Market-s: 65. .124 — !Nev Nat 8....156 162%
| Do Ist M 55.. 114 — Savings Banks—
I Kat Yin Cs lsts — 97% IGtrr S & L..1850 1600
INCNG Ry 7s.lfi4 — ,Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 6s..ios — Mutual Say. — 42%
: N Ry Cal 55.. 102 102% S F Say U.. 480 —
N PC R R 55. 100 102 Up & L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55.... 100 102*. Security SB.— 300
Do 2d is 55.. — 109 V. Union T Co. looo —
'Dm Ry 6s 126 — Street Railroad—
| P & O 6s 107 — California ....105 108
iP&CI Ry 65.103Vi104 Geary 40 —
Powell-st 65. ..119 — Market-st ....53% 53%
Reno WL&L..IOO — Presidio — 8
Fac Elecßyss.loo — Powder—
:SF &N P 55.106%107 California ....125 150
BlerraßCal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... 85 —
i S P of Ar 65.. 104 — Giant Con Co. 47 47%
I 5 P Cal Cs — 113 Vigorit 3 3V*
I PPC Is eg is.. 94 — Miscellaneous—
S P Br 6s 114 115% Al Pac Assn.. 94 —
S V Wat 65... 117% — Hana P C 0.... 15Vi 13%
S V Wat 45... 102% — fter Ld Wks..llfl —
Btock Gas 65.. 100 — H C & S Co.. 23V* 23%
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 49% 50>i
Contra Costa.. — 65 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marin Co 50 — Nat Yin C 0... — 7
i Spring Valley. 98 98% i Oceanic S Co. 56 58
! Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.... 1% 2Vi
1 Tent Gaslight. los — Pac Bot C0....1P0 104
Mutual El Co. — 11 .Par Paint Co.' 7 —
Morning Session.
9 Eastern Dynamite 85 00
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 12%
75 do do 23 25
I 25 Hutchinson S P Co 50 00
5 Market-street Railway 53 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 75
10 Spring Valley Water 98 00
Afternoon Session
50 Hawaiian Commertclal & Sugar 23 25
100 do do 23 37%
15 Oceanic Steamship Co 56 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
85 Spring Valley Water 98 12%
Afternoon Session
20 Market-street Railway 63 25
40 Giant Powder Con 47 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 20; 100 Sierra Nevada.. 44
100 Con Cal & Va.. 33J100 45
200 Savage 13 i
Afternoon Session
60 Confidence 21 200 Overman 05
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, July 21— ( p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 03 Justice 04 05
Rita OS 0S» Kentuck 03 04
Andes 03 05 Lady Wash ... — 02
Belcher 11 13 Mexican 10 12
Best & Belcher 14 lfi Occidental 50 65
Bullion — 05 Ophir 15 16
Caledonia — 25 Overman 04 05
Chollar 15 — Potosi 16 17
Challenge Con. 11 14 Savage 12 14
Confidence 20 22 Seg; Belcher ... — 05
Con Cal A: Va. 34 3;. Scorpion 01 —
Con Imperial .. — 03 Sierra Nevada. 43 46
Crown Point ..04 06 Silver Hill 03 05
Con New York. — 03 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con .. — 20 Standard 140 150
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 16 19
Gould & Curry. 05 07 Utah 02 04
Hale & Norcrs. — 49 Yellow Jacket. 10 12
Julia — 02
THE CALL CAL.ENDEIC
Moon* Phiaes.
I
11
,O\ Fall Mooa.
W July 8
,«o-Laot y«arier.
'iL July 10.
jCIv New Moon.
V</ July 19.
15
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, JULY 22.
Sun rises 5 04
si"> :..""::^::::::::::7i27
Moon sets .T. ..9:10 p. m.
0:55
1:44
2:38
3:3S
5:05
6:50
, W
1:05
4.
7:21
7. "ob
8:35
9:16
10:01
10:59
H W
8:28
0.
]
1.
2.:
2.
2:15
2:42
3:14
3:52
4:3G
5:28 1
L W
10:0.-,
6.8
5.41
E. 6
7:54
8:47
9:41
10:48
11:56
2.3
1.9
1.5
1.1
0.7
H W
3.
!|'
6.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right .iand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
\ mted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
nnd then the number given Is subtracted from
the dep'h given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hyflragraphlc Office, U S N Mer
cnants" Exchange, San Francisco, July
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time
CHARLES P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. in charg*.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographle
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
mamtained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
lor comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare iFlond,' Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following day.
XTHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired}. U. S. X.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
North Fork IHumboldt July 22
Coos Bay |Newport July 22
Arcata 'Coos Ray Uuly 22
Orizaba IHumboldt IJuly 23
Wellington 'Departure Bay iJuly 23
Columbia |Portland IJuly 24
Pomona loan Diepo July 24
Fulton Portland [July 24
Tltania Nanaimn iJuly 25
Leelanaw St. Michael IJuly 23
Tillamook St. Michael July 25
Humboldt St. Michael IJuly 25
Walla Walla. ..(Victoria & Puget SoundlJuly 26
Homer [Newport IJuly 2S
Artec 'China and Japan 'July 26
Chilkat IHumboldt IJuly 2fi
Willamette [Seattle July 26
Marlposa ISydney July 27
State Callfornla'Portlnnd July 2S
Santa Rosa ;San Diego IJuly 2S
San Bias iPanama July 29
23
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
anta Rosa San Diego
tate of Cal!Portland
hilkat ....(Humboldt ....
.rcata Coos Bay
oos Bay... [Newport
(ueen | Vie & Fgt Sd.
Tizaba !Humboldt
'ulton ! Oregon Ports. !
rorth Fork;Humboldt —
olumbla . .IPortland I
omona |San Die*o —
raello 'China*: Japan i
tarbuck ..Panama !
[omer jNewport I
eaus. i'ler.
July 22. 11 amiPler 11
IJuly 22, 10 am Pier 12
'July 22. 9am Pier 13
July 24. 10 anrPler 13
July 24, 9am Pier 11
July 25, 10 am.Pier 9
July 25. 10 am Pier 9
July 26. Bam Pier 20
July 26, 9 am, Pier 2
July 26, 10 am Pier 12
July 26, 11 am Pier 11
July 26. 1 pm'PMSS
July 28. 12 m PMSS
July 28, 9 am Pier 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, July 2L
Btmr Washtenaw, Crosscup, 84 hours from
Taeoma. Oakland direct.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 20 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Arizona, Barnson, 70 hours frm Seattle.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, 56 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. 33 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 18 hours from
Mendocino.
Ship Servia. Gllmore, 140 days from Balti
more.
Hrte: Consuelo, Jacobson, 19V4 days from Ma
hukona.
Schr Chas E Falk, Anderson, 6 days from
Grays Harbor. •
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 18 hours from
Blhlers Point.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 5 hours fiom Point
Reyes.
SAILED.
Thursday, July 21.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson.
Stmr Scotia, Hannen, Eureka.
Tug Maggie, A hues, Nehalem River, with
Bchr Dewey In tow.
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu.
Schr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr S Danielson, Hanson, New Haven.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, Bodega.
Schr La Chllena, Matsen, Fort Ross.
Schr Lila and Mattie, Fosen, Usal.
Schr Maxim. Olsen, Caspar.
Schr Thos F Bayard. Anderson, St Michael.
Schr Dewey, Osmundsen, Nehalem River, In j
tow of tug Maggie.
RETURNED.
Thursday, July 21.
Tug Maggie. Ahues, hence July 21, with schr
Dewey In tow, returned on account o£ poor
coal.
CLEARED.
Thursday. July 21. j
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; :
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Schr Laura Madsen, Rasmussp". Port Towns
end; E T Kruse.
Schr Thos F Bayard, Anderson, St Michael;
Williams, Dimond & Co.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS-Jul 21. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind N\V; velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The S C Allen and W H Dimond load mdse
for Honolulu; Himalaya, mdse for Melbourne.
SPOKEN.
Per ship Servia— June 6—16 28 S 88 W, ship
Kennebec, from Baltimore for San Francisco. •
June 7—2 N 29 W. Ger ship Parnassod, from !
| Hamburg for Port Los Angeles.
J une 5_3 s n o long. Br ship Matterhorn, fm
Shields, for San Francisco.
1 May 22—1 S2S W, Nor bark Nordlyset. from
! Lelth for San Francisco.
i July —27 S 40 W, bark St Katherine, from
Baltimore for Vancouver.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LI'DLOW- Sailed July 31— Bark Ca
rondelet, for Adelaide.
TATOOSH— Passed July 21— Stmr Willamette,
hence July 17 for Seattle.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived July 21— Schr:
Mary Etta, hence July 18.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 21— Haw
stmr San Mateo, from Comox.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 21— U S Btmr Ben
nlngton, from Port Townsend.
EUREKA— SaiIed July 21— Schr Halcyon, for
Newport.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 21— Str Willamette. !
1 hence July 17; I" S stmr Grant, hence July 15. i
1 USAL— Sailed July 21— Str Newsboy, for Port \
I Los Angeles.
i EUREKA— SaiIed July 21— Stmr North Fork.
i for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed July 21— Nor stmr Tita
nia, from Nanaimo for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed July 21— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Arrived July 20— Stmr Alliance,
from Colon.
BALTIMORE— Arrived July 20— Ship W F !
Babcock, from New York, to load for Honolulu. ;
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAMBURG— Arrived July 21— Br ship Poltal
loch. from Oregon.
HULL— Arrived July 20— Br ship Royal Forth, !
hence Feb 25.
SWANSEA— SaiIed July 20— Br ship Lancing,
for San Francisco.
TROOX— Sailed July 20— Br stmr Ardancer
rach, for Oregon.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 19— Br ship Cam
brian King, from Orep-~n: Dan bark Jupiter,
from Oregon.
Sailed July IS— Br ship Glenlul, for Swansea.
BRlSTOL— Arrived July 20— Br ship Laomene, !
hence Mar 11.
CALETA BUENA— Arrived July 15— Br ship !
Ardnamurchan, from Santa Rosalia.
LIMERICK— Arrived July 20— Br bark Wind
rush, from Oregon.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed July 20— Br ship Speke
for Hull.
HONGKONG— SaiIed July 20— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed July 20— Br bark
Inversnaid. for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed July 20— Ger ship H
Bischoff, for Antwerp; Br ship Mlltonpark.for
Havre.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed July 17— Br stmr Taco
ma, for Taeoma.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed July 21— Stmr Amster
dam, for New York.
Arrived July 21— Stmr Rotterdam, from New-
York: strnr Sparndam. from New Tork
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 21— Stmr Waes
land from Philadelphia. .
QUEKNSTOWN-Sailed July 21— Stmr Teu
tonic, for New York.
MARSEILLES— SaiIed July 21— Stmr Bureun
dla, for New York.
RAILEOAD TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time:
Leave San Franci»co.4:3o p. m., S. M.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.w!
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
YOU WILL BF CPMFQPTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Fe.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — 828 MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe- 201 J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 "West Santa Clara St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, ibas, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed, Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday | Sta- Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'pted tlons. Exc'pted Daily.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:35 am 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 a m 1:23 p m
2:45 p m ll:5o p m li'k'rsnd f 2:30 a mJO:IS a m
12:05 p m 7:50 p m Vlsalla | 0:40 a m|l2:;s p m
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections — At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 6
p. m. daily, at Merced with stages to and
from Snellings. Coulterville, Yosemite, etc.;
also with stage from Hornltos, Maripoaa. etc. ;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
AUCTION SALES.
WITHOUT RESERVE.
BOOK.S! BOOKS! BOOKS!
THIS EVENING, AT 8 O'CLOCK.
CONTINUATION OF CLOSING-OUT BALE OF
I. 0. 0. F. LIBRARY
Consisting of 10,000 Volumes Standard
Literature.
Also Fittings, Furniture and Miscellaneous
Effects. .
FRANK W. BUTTER FIELD, Auctioneer.
On view after 9 o'clock a. m.
FORCED SALE
AT gff&=*i
310 GOLDEN GATE AYE.
SATURDAY JULY 23, at 11 O'Clock
AT AUCTION!
We will sell contents of the Avenue Stable,
consisting of 20 head of Horses. Buggies, Car-
riages, Rockaways, Single and Double Har-
ness, Saddles, etc.. being everything used in a
first-class livery stable.
No reserve or limit-
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Office 327 Sixth St.. Live Stock Auctioneers.
RAILROAD TRAVEIi.
M>l Turin PACIFIC COJIPAMT.
(pacific svstkm.)
Truly* len» m ml UN line to arrive at
NAN I It 4 >»!««<».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
ceavk — From July 10. 1898. — a»*iv»
•BiOOa Nile*. San Jose »nd Way Station!.. . * 8l «2 A
TiOOa Kenioia, Huinuu ami Sacramento.. .. 10:43 a
7:<»Oa Miryirille, OroTfUeand Redding via
Woodland 5r45r
?:OOa. Elmlra, Vacayille and Rumsey. »:43p
7 ISO a Martinez, San lUmon, Vallejo. Napa,
Cal it toga aud Sauta Rosa 2.* p
BjOOa Atlantic Kipress, Ogdmi and Ka«t.. Bi*.">P
•iBUa Han Jose, .Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone. Sacramento, MarjrsYille,
Chico, Teharaa and Red UlufT *»'!*'
fItSOA Fet«rs, Oakdale And Jamestown.... T : 1 3 f
•»:80a Milton »7il»P
UiUOa New Orleans Kipress. Merced, Fre»-
" -no, lt&kersOeld. Santa Itarltara,
Ik« Angeles, Demiiiß, El l'aao,
New Orleans and Emit S'JJ'
1O:0Oa Vall.jn. Martinez and Way Stations 7l ** p
•liOOp Sacramento ltiver Ste»iii«rs «U:OOr
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... I»:13a
2:OOp Livcruiore, Meudota, Hauford and
Vi-alia 4:15p
LlTermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations. JIOiISa
4iOOp Miii-im;, Han Ramon, Vallejo,
Naj>a. Callstoga, XI Verauo aud
Santa Rosa »ll»*
4toop Benloia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro- „___
Tllle and Sacritmeiito 'O: ™ A
4i3op Nllos, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton a «1 1 * '
4iBOp Stockton andLodi 1»:1»P
4:30p LatUrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mojave, Sauta Barbara and l.o«
Alludes 7t*a».
4:30p H.irtiuez. Merced (Raymond for ___
mite) and Fresno l»«iap
4i»op Bantu Ku Koute, Atlantic Kxpresa
for Mojave and Kast 2 : 1? p
aiO«pKnrniic.iii Mail, Ogilcn and Kast.... ,JJ ! f" A
•6:«0r Vallejo 12:l»p
Hiiyiviird-. Nil. and San .Tone <:43a
J7ioop Vsllejo. Tort Costa and Way Sta-
t ions J9i4»p
StUUp Oregon ]<:.xpr<>u,Biicraiiieiito, Marys-
ville, Hed.liiiK. Portland. l'uget
; H...,,,.l an.l V.**t »' IB *
SAN LKA.MMtu AM) lIAVWAUIIS LOCAL.
■ (Foot of Market Street.)
~ "1 Mcl rose, .Scmliiarr Park, ( ,7! ! liJ A
a'?uit Kltclibnnr, KlmfinrsJ, '!»:«*
iS ««a San l.ean,ln.. South Sa» >•-»*
tlliOOA Lean.lro, Kntmlllle, vi-.tr.r
; :i4:<m»m Lorenio, Cherry • /iji.i P
«:t:<M>p Mini l«:«3p
3:OOp llnyirnrdn. t3:4.1p
7«00p i Ruus through to Nlles. 7:43p
' J t From Nlles. I
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (iauge).
', (Foot ot Market Street.)
17:43 a Santa Cruz Kxrurnion, Santa Crus
and Principal Way Stations {SiOSr
8:13 a Newark. OenterTille, San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations StSOp
*2:lSp Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almadeu, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "10:30 a
4il3p San Jose, Glenwood 4 Way Stations 9:«0.v
: a4:!3p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz J9:2QA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIR mNCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 ]] :00a.m. J1:OQ *2:00 t3:50
•i:00 18:00 •6:00 p.M.
from OUUHD— FooI of Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 »I:QQ t2:00 ;3:00; 3:00 14:00 *8:00 p.M.
COAST DIVISION (JSrosd Uauge).
(Third and Townagnd St«.)
•7:00 a San .lose mid Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l>3Op
!7:30a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations :»:33p
9iOOa Wan .W. Tr«s I'inos. Himta Crtii.
Paciiic (Jrufe, l'aso Roble«, .San
Luis Ol>lspo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4ilOr
! lOi4Oa San .lose ami Way Stations »8:OOa
i lI:3Wa San Ji.se and Way Stations *8:35 a
*:l:4Sr San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Oilroy, HollUter, Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
<sro»e *I0:30a
•»:»Wp San Jose and Way Stations *»:OO a,
•4il Sp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3M»Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Station* 3:30p
0::iOp San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
' <11t43r San Jose and Way Statiops 7;30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted i Sundays only, t Saturdays only
f Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY,
tibmram F*m. P— t t Marlwt at,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAELu
WEEK DATS— 9:0o. 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:6t
and 11:30 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:30.
! 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
! SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60* 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:IO, 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 8:40.
\ 5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between Ear- Francisco and Schuetsen Park
same schedule as above.
| Leave Arrive
; Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
i — — ■ — — — June 29, .
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination, daye. [ Days-
7:30 am! 3:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami S:4O am
8:30 pro I 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pro 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. [ 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
„ „ 1 j Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg;,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
i »:80 pm] 8:00 am| Cloverdale. | 7:85 pm[ 8:23 pm
1. 6 i am iHopland and 10:25 am
' 3:30 Pm[ 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm) 6:22 pro
7:30 am j 10:26 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| ] | 6:22 pm
I 7:3 l» ami S:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am S:4O am
and (
6:10 pm| 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm] 6:23 pra
7:30 ami MOO ami Sebastopol. 10:40 am 0:25 am
3:30 pm| 6:00 pm| | 7:30 pm 6:22 p ™
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
i Springs; at Lytron for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
! serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
1 the Geysers; at HopUnd for Duncan Springs,
I Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
1 Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
I Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
I Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
I Lake, Ponio, Potter Valley. John Day's, River-
side Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights,
Hullvllle, Booneviile. Git's Hot Springs. Men-
! doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlckata at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 150 Market St.. Chronicle bMg.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
i From San Francisco, commencing May 1. Mfc
WEEK DAYS. *"
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •g-Oa.
•9:80. 11:00 a. m.; '1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, •6 : 00u
C:SO p. m.
Extra ■ trips for San Rafael on Mondays
'Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sunday* at n.-ji
p. m.
. SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •9-no
•10:00, .11:00. 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00. •1:45, »2:30 u'fXL.
6:SO, 6:45 p. m. -w *
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quenttn.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stains.
1:10 p. m. Saturdays— and way stana.
6:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tornalea aai
way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations,
1:45 p. m. Bundays— Reyes and way ■tana.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.) »
1890' aYe San Francisco, commencili* May 1.
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
|undays-8:0", 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
Z :30 p. m. . - ■
R°" n <l 'rip from Mill Valley. $1.
.J H r i C °,? K * SON - Aeents. 821 Market
street._ San Francisco. . ■ ■
SOTtasfljirTiiilfALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
JUPORS AT
LAST FIND
A VERDICT
Chung Had Access to
the Gunpowder
Magazine.
NO FACTS AS TO QUANTITY
PRESIDENT LTTKENS IS NOT
INFORMED ON DETAILS.
Some Jurors Suggested That There
Was Altogether Too Much
Freedom in Entering
the Magazine.
We, the jury, do find that deceased
came to his death at the Western
Fuse and Explosives Company's
works, Melrose, Alameda County, at j
at about 5:20 o'clock a. m.. July 19,
1898, and that death was caused by
injuries due to the explosion of pow
der in the magazine of said works,
with murderous intent, by one Chi
nese named Quong Chung, an em
ploye of said powder company, who
had free access to said powder mag
azine.
W. W. Camron
(Foreman),
John Sloan,
W. J. Yore,
M. Scheeline,
F. H. Mason,
E. M. Warren,
M. T. Dusinberry,
L. T. Neuwiler.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 21.
After a visit to the scene of the explo
sion this morning and the taking of some
additional testimony, the Coroner's jury
arrived a,t the above verdict in the case
of each of the seven victims of the fright- j
ful catastrophe of last Tuesday morning. i
On returning from the scene a short ses- i
sion was held by the jurors, and President |
F. G. Lukens of the fuse works was called i
to testify. He was asked questions re- !
garding the amount of powder In the
magazine, but stated that he could not
tell anything definite, as such matters
were left to the superintendent.
D. S. Barrett was one of the men who
accompanied Sheriff White when he went
around the neighborhood on the evening ;
before the explosion warning the resi
dents of their danger. He testified that j
they warned Mrs. Hall, but that she was
obdurate and said she would not leave the ;
house in which she was living 1 Barrett !
stated 'hat after taking- Mrs. Hall from '
the ruins she lived a little time and died j
in the house of John Stephenson.
We Puck, the Chinese boss, told of the i
conversation he had with Quong Chung j
on the evening before the explosion. He
said he had known Chung for twenty
years and was sent for as soon as the j
fellow took refuge in the magazine. He ;
then proceeded to relate the details of the I
conversation as told on the stand last
night by Secretary Pittmann. He said he
INSURANCE
WAR ENDED
Clunie and the Compa
nies Agree on Terms.
RATES WILL BE REDUCED
A FULL PAID FIRE DEPART
MENT FOR SAN FRANCISCO
Large Sums of Money for the In
terior Counties to Be Paid An
nually to the Commis
sioner.
The flght between the Insurance De
r-irtnu-nt and the fire Insurance com
panies doing business in this State has
> een amicably adjusted. The trouble be
gan many months ago. When Commls-
Bloner A. J. Clunie made a move to com
pel the companies to pay licenses and
taxes, as required by California and Fed
eral law?, he had a fight on his hands at
i-mrp. Th<? refusal to do so was met with
a refusal on the Commissioner's part to
issue to the companies licenses to do busl
pess, and as a consequence recourse was
taken to the law, and a number of cases
! it-en before the courts and are still
there.
"n the 14th lnst. nearly all of the large
Insurance companies submitted a proposl
tWn. to which he agTeed. By this the
public in general will receive many bene
!.;iTj{e sums of money will be paid
by the companies annually, to be divided
among the cities and cities and counties
for the benefit of their fire departments,
and San Fransleo may soon be the proud
isor of a full paid Fire Department.
-.;•;■. , ADVERTISEMENTS.
} . MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
■tronar AMertlons am to Just WhM
■': ' the Remedies Will Do.
• ! S'H^« Mnnyon, guarantee*
: fi-M*V ':'^%l that his Rheumatism
* Cure wlll cure nearly
£'i*2ix£££L£) r '*i'^*> all cages of rh^ma-
• WxtT^^^^^ysiiSl tlsm la a few hours;
£f2r x\.&a ttat nls Dyspepsia Our© >
T^ JJgßu will cure indigestion and
' : ? ? m ii» ul<imF '" stomach troubles:
\f "*2§M^?37 tbat hu Kidney Cur*
I V W*%tT VIU CUre 00 P«r cent.
H y^^flriß cf c " c &ge * of kidney
\ >— 96 trouble; that bis Ca-
Jr-— "" *^mM tarrb Cure will ours
J /fL/ >i^>»»M6%lv catarrh no matter how
s<f»' 't^T^mß^ lcL 8 standing; that his
1 1 ■<> r Tvi-i^M '^te*** ' ' '■'' '"* °' : " will cur«
* '.I I fjy any kind of headache In
•■1 1 i a few mlnut* 1*;1 *; that
• ' his Cold Cure will
, , , quickly break up any '
r.»rm of cold and so on through the entire list of
remedies. At all druggists, 25 eentg a »jal
" you need medical adTice write Prof. Munyon
U. 05 Arch St.. Pblla. It la absolutely fie*. '
I gave Quong $10 in gold voluntarily as a
bribe to bring him out, no one having told
him to do so.
Fong Hlng told the lury that he had
worked In the fuse works for eight years
and had often been in the magazine, al
though his duties did not require him to
do so. Several/ questions were asked him
by jurors, which tended to show that the
magazine was always easy of acefss by
employes. The testimony Bhowed that the
powder as it was needed was taken from
the magazine two or three times a day
and that the door was nearly always
, open. Some of the jurors were evidently
of the opinion that the catastrophe might
have been avoided had the magazine been
kept locked. Joe Ling, the last witness,
said he had worked In the fuse factory for
three months and had never been in the
magazine.
After deliberating nearly an hour the
jury returned with their verdict.
A PUBLIC FUNERAL.
Public Offices and Stores Are
to Close During the
Obsequies.
OAKLAND, July 21.— Two of the vie- I
tims— Constable Koch and D. C. Cameron
—were buried to-day, and the other three |
deputies— Charles White. J. J. Lerri and j
George C. Woodsum— will have a public I
funeral to-morrow afternoon. The matter i
has been taken in charge by the county j
officials, and arrangements were com- j
pleted to-day.
The cortege will form In front of the j
Courthouse at 1:30 p. m. A platoon of six- j
teon police officers will march first, fol- j
lowed by the three hearses abreast. The j
county officials and fraternal organiza- :
tions will follow the hearses, and then j
citizens in carriages. The route will be up \
Broadway to Fourteenth, to Washington, i
to Twelfth, to Clay and into the church.
Dr. Chapman will deliver the eulogy, j
and Revs. C. R. Brown. E. R. Dille and
C. M. Hill win be present from other i
churches, and an oration will also be read j
by a member of Mr. Woodsum's lodge at j
Berkeley. Woodmen of the World and ;
Knights of Pythias will furnish an escort •
to the cortege from the church to the
cemetery.
From 2 to 3 p. m. the bells of all the ;
fire houses and churches will be tolled.
The committee has issued the following:
It is requested that all stores be
closed Friday afternoon during the
passage of the funeral cortege as a
mark of respect to the memory of
the brave deputies who sacrincpu
their lives in the performance of
their duty. The lesson of such sac
rifice in times as these cannot be
too clearly demonstrated, and all
the county should consider it a
duty to honor the names of those
five men who will never be forgot
ten.
Honorably they lived, bravely
they died. The heritape of a noble
example left by them will bear
fruit when our generation has gone
to join them. Let all show tnelr
appreciation of such conduct and
personally tender the last tribute
of respect to those who deserve it.
CARLTOX J. GREENE,
FRANK M. LEAVITT,
JAMES B. BARBER,
J. J. HANIFIN.
H. P. DAL'ivjN,
O. M. SANFORD.
SHOW THEIR RESPECT.
Supervisors Pass Resolutions
at a Meeting Specially
Called.
OAKLAND, July 21.— The Board of Su
pervisors held a special meeting this
morning, at which nearly all the county
officials were present. Supervisor Church,
in a timely speech, introduced the follow
ing resolutions, remarking that such an
action was all that they could do to show
their sorrow and respect for the loss of
the five deputies:
•$> Whereas, Charles M. "White, George <«>
4> C. Woodsum.D. C. Cameron. J. J. Lerrl <*>
<•> an Gustav Koch, sworn officers of the -.•>
« law, while in the performance of their <£•
<•> official duties, have met with a sudden <*>
.$> and awful death through the mad act of ■'••
<•> an offender against the laws of the &
(|». State; and - _ . . '-. ..__■... - • i>
;|> Whereas, It Is meed and proper that <$>
<*> In this, their hour of affliction, an ex- <*>
*• pression indicating the sympathy and 4>
$> sorrow felt for the afflicted and the •
<*> shock sustained by the people of this <J>
<§> county at the suddenness people of this <*>
county at the suddenness of this awful i
<§> event should be given by this board; <•>
<•> now, therefore, be It <;■
& Resolved, That this board desires to <•>
<•> bear testimony to the respect and es- <«>
<•> teem in which Charles M. white. George <§>
<§► C. Woodsum, D. C. Cameron, Joseph J. <*>
<$> Lerri deputy sheriffs. and Gustav <§>
Koch, constable of Oakland Township, <•>
<§> In this county, were held by the mem- «§>
Moreover, with such a department the
companies have agreed to a reduction in
the rates of insurance in this city, which
will be welcomed by the property owners.
Mr. Clunie wrote that he would agree
to the proposals made. In speaking of
the agreement with the companies Mr.
Clunie summarizes it in these words:
The total amount annually to be paid under
this agreement. If all companies Join, is $31.-
S7O 94. About ten companies have not as yet
eigned. but this is not because of an unwilling
ness to Join In the agreement, but because of
the absence from the city of the managers.
The amount to be paid by those actually signed
Is $23,919 S7 annually. In my letter I state the
reduction In rates to be at least $100,000 annu
ally. This Is a low estimate, as Is shown by
the telegrams passing between Robert Dick
on, the United States manager of the Royal
Exchange Insurance Company at New York.
and chief Sullivan of our Fire Department,
sent while I was In New York.
In the proposition made by the com
panies they agree to pay the commission
within thirty days a sum equal to 1 pei
cent of the net premiums, of each com
pany signing, during 1897, on risks in thin
State, after deducting $1000 expenses of
the controversy in the East. The Com
missioner shall pay this money propor
tionately to the treasurer of each county
or city and county, to the credit of the
Fire Department fund thereof, or to the
general fund if the treasurer refuses to
receive it. If the distribution becomes
burdensome or a treasurer refuse to ac
cept the money it can be paid Into thw
State treasury. The companies furthei
agree to make similar payments to the
Commissioner in January of each year,
during his term of office, the amounts to
be based upon the net premiums as shown
by the annual statements of business of
the contracting companies. The second
clause reads:
"We agree to readjust and reduce as
soon as may be practicable the tariff
rates now In force in the city and county
of San Francisco to the schedule adopted
some months ago, conditional upon the
placing of the Fire Department of tRo
city upon a fully paid footing, such ro
adjustment and rating to be applicable to
all policies taking effect on or after July
1, Xojr*.
A request is made that those companies
previously licensed under an agreement
with the Commissioner not to associate
themselves with other companies in an>
tariff organization, be released from their
promise, and this, with other requests,
was agreed to.
MALE DEER EXPOSED'
BUT NOT FOR SALE
CLEVER ADVERTISING SCHEME
OF A MARKETMAN.
It Was Nipped in the Bud by the
Fish and Game Commission
ers, Who Were Much
Annoyed.
Some members of the Cou.itry Club and
the Fish Commissioners have had a slight
difference of opinion regarding the legal
status of the game law. It appears that
after the 15th mat. members of the Coun
try Club, who are expert marksmen,
bowled over eight or ten noble specimens
of the horned deer family in the Marin
County preserve, some of which were
shipped to friends, the remainder being
consigned to a prominent game dealer in
the California Market.
Three beautiful specimens of the deer
family, per order of the leading marks
men of the Country Club, were hung up
in the stall of a prominent game butcher,
and for two days they were viewed with
much curiosity by people who wondered
why the Game and Fish Commissioners
tolerated such an Infringement of the
laws.
Numbers of ceople who have not the
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1898.
bers of this board, by the public officials
of this county and by the citizens of
this city and county.
Resolved, That we extend to the fami
lies and relatives of the deceased our
sincere and heartfelt sympathy with
them in this their hour of grief and af
flioilon.
Resolved further. That this board In a
tK'dy attend the funeral of the deceased;
that we recommend to the heads of the
several departments of the county gov
ernment that the public business be sus
pended as far as practicable, and that
a& many officials us can be spared at
tend in a body the funerals of deceased.
Resolved further. That until after the
funerals of eald deceased the flags on all
the public buildings of the county be
placed at half mast.
Resolved further, That engrossed cop
ies of these resolutions be forwarded to
the families of the deceased.
As a Mark of Public Esteem.
BERKELEY, July 21.— Berkeley will
observe to-morrow as a day of mourning
for the late George C. Woodsum, the
Deputy Sheriff, who met his fate at
Tuesday's explosion. All public offices and
all business houses will be closed at noon.
A large body of firemen and lodge mem
bers will go to Oakland to attend the fu
neral at the First Congregational Church.
IMPRISONED, THEN SUED.
Mrs. Heath Tells How Her Husband
Beat Her Face Nearly to a Jelly.
OAKLAND, July 21.— Mrs. Lizzie L.
! Heath has sued her husband, John H.
; Heath, for divorce. The coople were mar
■ ried eight years ago In San Francisco
; and have five children, ranging in age
'■ from 1 to 7, and property of nominal
i value.
Extreme cruelty Is the basis of the ac
; tion. Mrs. Heath avers that her husband I
i was imprisoned four months ago in the
; County Jail for his brutal conduct toward
! her and was only released a few weeks |
'■ ago. She claims that at the time of his j
i arrest the angry husband got her In a
| corner and nearly pounded her face into
i a Jelly before help came to her rescue.
Since his release, she avers, Mr. Heath
j has not Improved in his treatment of her
j and she cannot stand such work any
i longer. Hence the action.
Lake Merritt Sanitation.
OAKLAND, July 21.— The conference
between the members of the City Council
and the Lake Merritt Sanitary Improve
ment Club resulted in it being unanimous
ly decided that the lake should be
dredged, the sewerage evils abated, and
that it should be done an soon as pos
sible. To accomplish this It was decided
to ask the City Council to include in the
tax levy funds for the dredging of Lake
Merritt and for extending the east side
sewer to deep water, while immediate
steps are to be taken to provide for a
temporary relief of the Cemetery Creek
sewage. The Commissioners for the
Cemetery Creek street opening are to be
asked to make a new assessment which
the Council will approve. The members
of the club present were President Good- j
all R. G. Brown, Harry Gordon, Ira !
Bishop, M. W. Kales, G. D. Greenwood
and James Moffitt. On the part of the city
the representatives present were City At
torney Dow and City Engineer Clement
and Councilmen Heitmann, Brosnahan,
Cuvellier and Woodward.
Sudden Death of J. A. Williams.
OAKLAND, July 21.— John A. Williams,
a familiar character about the city and
who always made it a point to attend all
sessions o"f the Police Court, died last
evening from a stroke of apoplexy.
He was a native of Nashville, Term., 67
years of age. and leaves a widow and one
daughter, Mrs. Lamping. He was a
very portly gentleman and wore a heavy,
long beard. Last Monday evening he was
found unconscious and although every
thing possible was done for him he never
regained consciousness. He has been a
I resident of this city many years and
! could tell many stories of experiences
during the gold excitement on this
coast.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, July 21.— The Young Men's
Rebublican Club will leave Thirteenth
street and Broadway on Friday evening
at 7:30 o'clock for San Leandro. A bon
fire, music and good speaking are ex
pected. The club expects fifty of Its mem
bers to participate In the trip.
E. C. Getsinger. formerly of Detroit,
Mich., will address the Physicians' Asso
ciation on Friday evening at the Uni
tarian church upon his theory of "Atoms,
Molecules and Their Therapeutic Prop
erty." The general public will be wel
come.
Some one has stolen Samuel Breck's
bicycle. He kept it locked in the base
ment, and the key hung in an out-of-the
way place. Several days ago he noticed
that it had been used, but the door was
locked. When stolen the door was locked
also.
I least conception of the game laws or their
I meaning asked the game dealers what
; their charge per pound for venison was,
■ but the answer to all queries was:
"Nothing. We cannot sell an ounce of
deer meat. But we simply have hung 'the
j birds' up for advertising purposes. The
1 venison Is the property of the Country
i Club, and for the opportunity that is
I granted us as a matter of advertisement
I we have agreed to distribute It pro rata
I among the friends of the members who
i are booked for venison steaks."
The Fish and Game Commissioners did
i not look at the matter in the same light
I as the Country Club members and their
deputies ordered the game animals to be
; taken from the meat hooks and "stowed"
1 away from view, stating that if even'
i game dealer should act in the same
manner the Fish and Game Commis
sioners may be held responsible for an
infringement of the game law, although
! the law does not state that male deer
I can or may be exposed in a market for
the purpose of advertising the place in
question.
j The consensus of opinion among sports-
I men Is that the Country Club is showing
! a bad precedent by permitting a game
! dealer to hang up deer in view of all ob
■erverft. The law is intended for game
I protection, and with that object in view
i sportsmen should, in the opinion of the
I preservers of game, assist the Commis
j sioners to protect the noble species, which
is being rapidly decimated.
COLTJSA'S OLD CHAMPION.
W. S. Green Resumes Active Man
agement of His Stand-by,
the Sun.
Will S. Green, after having served his
country in the office of United States Sur
veyor General, has resumed the active
management of his bright newspaper, the
Colusa Sun, which has been his pride for
the past thirty-five years. During all this
time the policy of the owner and manager
has been to have the paper clean and
free from sensationalism and its Interests
those of the county, in which i£ has a
large circulation. The journal has found
many readers outside of the boundaries
of Colusa County, and not a few, relying
on the truthfulness of its statements,
have become residents of the county. To
Bay that Mr. Green s efforts to increase
the population of his home by publish
ing truthfully the resources of that sec
tion, have been fruitful, goes without
Many of the wealthiest and most de
sirable citizens of the fertile valley of
Colusa gladly attest that their attention
was called to the place where they have
made their homes by the journal over
which Mr. Green presides. Since his re
turn to private life Mr. Green has re
newed his efforts to add more to the
population, and to this end he has issued
a special circular calling attention to the
beauties of the scenery, richness of the
soil and many opportunities for invest
ments in profitable business and pursuits.
While Mr. Green has always been a
factor In county politics, as well as in
matters of state, evon his political op
ponents cannot say that he ever used the
power of his paper to promote anything
but that which he believed to b'fe the
right.
"The New America — Army and
Navy," by Henry Norman, special
commi ssidner of the London Chron
icle, ii» next Sunday's Call.
Donegal Social Club Reunion.
The committee of arrangements of the
Donegal Social Club held a meeting in
the rooms of the organization in the Co
lumbian building yesterday afternoon, M.
H. Morgan presiding. William Bacon of
the committee on ground stated that
Wildwood Glen In Sausalito had been se-
cured for the festival and that the danc
ing pavilion would be handsomely dec
MOST ELECT
AT A PRIMARY
Party Rule for Naming
State Delegates.
NO SPECIAL CONVENTION
CHAIRMAN FLETTER TO SOON
OALL A MEETING.
W. H. Friend of the Congressional
Committee Receives the Reso
lution From Sacra
mento.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 21.
F. J. Fletter, chairman of the Alame
da County Republican Central Committee,
returned yesterday from his Eastern trip
and soon after the assembling of the
State committee he will call the county |
organization together to arrange for the
election of delegates to the State conven- j
tion.
The effort to Insure a unit delegation
to the State convention by electing the
delegates at a county convention has
been discarded, as it is found to be con
trary to the rule of action laid down by
the laat Republican State convention.
The committeemen were sounded as to
their preferences in the matter of the
election of State delegates and some were
favorable to the convention plan. Rod
Church from the Fourth Ward, In which
is the residence of Dr. Pardee. said that
he could not conscientiously advocate
any such proposition, and he did not see
how Mr. Davis or Dr. Pardee could coun
tenance such a plan, because both these
gentlemen were delegates to the conven
tion which declared that delegates to
State conventions must be elected at pri
maries or caucuses properly called by the
respective county committees.
\V. H. Friend, chairman of the Third
Congressional District committee, was
also somewhat In doubt regarding this
point, and he sent to District Attorney
Frank B. Ryan of Sacramento for thtj
extract from" the minutes of the conven
tion relating to the matter. The reply
contained the following resolution, which
was proposed by the credentials commit
tee and adopted by the convention:
Resolved, That It is the sense of this conven
tion that all delegates to the county, district
and State conventions of the Republican party
■■ should be elected at primaries or caucuses regru
larly called by the County Central Committees
> of the several counties for that purpose, and
j that only such delesates as are so selected at
' such primaries or caucuses shall be seated in
'■' any of the conventions of the party hereafter
j to be held.
BLEW OUT THE GAS'
FOUND NEARLY DEAD
SALT LAKE MERCHANT HAS A
NARROW ESCAPE.
Oakland Office San FTanclsco Can,
90S Broadway, July 21.
M. Ferg-ÜBon registered at the Galinao
Hotel last night, and early tiiia morning
he was taken to the Receiving Hospital
nearly dead from Inhaling gas.
About 7 o'clock one of the housemaids
in the upper story of the hotel detected
the odor of gaa and traced It to the room
which Mr. Ferguson had engaged. Shu
at once told the manager of the hotel
who fortunately is a doctor by profession.
Dr. Allen. He forced an opening into tho
room and discovered Ferguson uncon
scious on the bed. A little later the
orated in honor of the recent victories of |
the American army In Cuba and Manila.
It was decided to extend a general invi
tation to the soldiers in camp on July 31
to attend the picnic as the special guests ;
of the society. Jeremiah Toomy of the
committee on music reported that the ;
Emmet Guard band of twenty-four pieces i
had been secured for the entertainment j
of the dancers while Professor McCarthy, j
the famous Irish piper, would recall the ,
scenes of '98 on the pipes. The committee I
adjourned to meet next Sunday.
WOMAN'S SEWING COMPANY,
Officers Elected and Articles of Incor-
poration Prepared.
The Woman's Sewing Company is now
an assured fact and the hopes of several
hundred women, who have been unable
to obtain work on Uncle Sam's uniforms
owing to Chinese competition, will soon be
realized.
The board of directors met last evening
in W. W. Allen's office in the Parrott
building and elected the following
permanent officers: Mrs. M. E. Squire,
president; Mrs. Angle Ayres, vice-presi
dent; Mrs. Addie L. Ballou, secretary;
Columbian Bank, treasurer. W. W. Allen
was appointed general manager.
Articles of Incorporation wire prepared
and signed ready to be forwarded to the
Secretary' of State. The incorporation is
for fifty years and the capital stock
$20,000 at $1 per share.
A committee, consisting of Labor Com
missioner E. L. Fitzgerald (chairman),
Mrs. M. E. Sauire, Mrs. Addie Ballou,
Mrs. Angie Ayres, Mrs. L. R. Obllnger,
Mrs. H. Anselm, the directors, and Mrs.
L. E. Robertson and John Koster, was
appointed to solicit subscriptions for
stock, which work will begin to-day.
A two-story building at the corner of
Townsend and Clarence streets, owned by
L. Altschul, will be rented at $25 ncr
month. The building is 25x60 and electric
and steam power easily available. About
100 machines are to be put in at $17 each.
The sewing women will hold another
meeting next Sunday at 2 p. m. at
Pythian Castle to receive a report from
the directors.
SWIMMERS WILL CONTEST.
Aquatic Races Which Will Be "De
cided at Sutro'B on Sunday.
The superintendent of aquatic sports at
Sutro Baths has announced the following
programme of swimming contests for next
Sunday afternoon:
60 yards. Juvenile dash, for novices— Q. Han
cock, B. Adrln. L. Cooke. B. Aldrick. C. Bet
ty. O. Cralla.
75 yard dash. Juvenile, open to all— A. Adams
C. Bibcock. G. Lovrich. A. Badgeley, C.
Saekett, Waldo Smith.
Trick and fancy diving 1 , springboard— Otto
Shliter. Alle Shllter, N. B. 8. C; F. Burnett,
C. A. 8. C. ; Fred Green, P. 8. C. ; L. Cooke,
O. Babcock, P. 8. C; R. Cornell. O. Schulte,
C. A. 8. C.
120 yard handicap, open to all— D. Carroll. C.
A. S. C. : A. Boyde, P. 8. C. ; O. Clough. C.
A. 8. C. ; H. Hlrschfleld, I. S. C.; O. Wlnthrop.
A. 8. C: C. Miller, E. A. C.
Under water swimming: contest, champion
ship, between F. McDermld of Australia and
F. B. Raymous of Southern California.
Trick and fancy, trapexe and high diving—
Fred Green, P. S. C. : C. Andrews. A. 8. C.;
C. Cooke, R. Cornell, Otto Schulte. C. A, 8. C:
A. O. Baker. O. A. C. _
Dr. Shrady, president Bed Cross
Society, writes about the chances of
our soldiers in war, in next Sunday's
Call.
Widber's Coveted Estate.
On the 22d lnet. the Deposit and Fidel
ity Company of Maryland will make a
motion before Judge Belcher asking that
the clerk of the court be directed to Ib
eue an execution against the estate of
Augustus C. Wldber, the defaulting ex-
Treaeurer. The motion will be made on
stranger was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, and for several hours he hovered
between life and death, but was finally
declared out of danger.
Yesterday afternoon Ferguson was
around town drinking, and when he regis
tered at the hotel he was under the in
fluence of liquor. When the night clerh.
showed him his room he gave him par
ticular instructions about the gas, bur
they were evidently not followed, and ths
guest must have blown it out. There is
nothing to suggest suicide, as he had
over $50 in his pockets, and other papers
in his possession indicate that he is a
business man in good standing in Utah.
Ferguson recovered his power of speecn
this evening and said the incident was an
accident.
Employers "Want a Settlement.
OAKLAND, July 21.— L. B. Reynolds, a
driver for the Red Star Laundry, is ac
: cused by his employer of being between
$1000 and $2000 short in his accounts. He
ran a wagon route on commission and
kept his own accounts, which Superin-
I tendent Ram could not fathom. He has
i been there for nearly eighteen months,
and last week was pressed for an account
ing. He promised to give it this week.
It is claimed that he made an extra effort
on Friday and Saturday to collect every
thing due him, stating to his customers
that he was going to Manila this week
< with the Kansas Regiment. He is now
missing, and the firm believes it has been
cheated.
PROFESSOR HILGARD RETURNS
Took a Prominent Part in the Irriga-
tion Convention at Denver.
BERKELEY, July 21.— Professor E. W.
Hllgard, head of the department of agri
culture in the University of California,
returned yesterday from Denver, where
he had been to attend a national conven
tion of agriculturists, called to discuss
the question of irrigation. Professor Hil
gard reports that the convention will
have no direct bearing upon the interests
of California agriculturists. He says that
the purpose of the meeting was to ad
vise Secretary Wilson of the Department
of Agriculture as to the present state and
conditions of irrigation, in order that he
might have in view the needs of different
sections of the country when issuing bul
letins upon that subject. The bulletins,
to be published in pamphlet form, will
be Issued as occasion demands, Congress
having recently appropriated $10,00u for
that purpose.
As one of the representatives from Cali
fornia, Professor Hilgard was regarded
as a special authority upon alkali soils,
and the Denver Republican speaks of his
address before the convention as one of
the most important given there.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, July 21.— Mrs. A. L. Whit
ing, widow of the late Professor W. T.
Whiting of the University of California,
has arrived from her home in Canada to
settle the affairs of her husband's estate.
She will return to Canada within a few
days.
A petition Is being circulated among
the merchants of the town asking the
Board of Trustees to annul the ordinance
which requires every wagon to be li
censed. It is rumored that the first arrest
made for the violation of the ordinance
will be fought out as a test case.
The Knights of Honor held their In
stallation ceremonies last evening. The
officers for the coming term are: Dicta
tor, H. B. Griffith; reporter, T. F. Hill;
assistant dictator, E. F. Wrenn; vice dic
tator, A. M. Ewing; treasurer, H. B. Hos
ford; chaplain, F. M. Wilkins; trustees—
A Albutus, Robert Mills and R. A. Curry.
Charitable Work.
ALAMEDA, July 21.— The ladles of the
Red Cross Society of this city are en
gaged at present in a line of work a littiu
out of their order. The explosion of the
fuse factory, which desolated so many
homes, has opened up a new channel for
charitable work. As they are not sup
posed to use the funds of the society lor
other purposes than among soldiers, they
have resolved themselves into an auxiliary
society for this special end. They are re
ceiving generous donations In the way of
clothing and furniture, and there hay»
been several contributions of cash. A
movement is on foot to raise funds on this
side of the bay to rebuild the demolished
homes.
Dentist's Office Bobbed.
ALAMEDA, July 21.— Dr. F. M. Bishop,
a Park-street dentist, has notified th<*
! police that at some time between Sunday
! and Wednesday evening some one entered
I his office and stole fourteen pairs of for
ceps and two automatic pluggers, somo
I artificial teeth and a book on dentistry,
i The thief is supposed to be a mute who
goes from city to city doing odd jobs.
the ground that on May 16, 1898, the De
posit and Fidelity Company paid into the
treasury of this city and county the sum
ot $100,816 66, the amount of its liability
on the bond of Augustus Widber, and is
entitled to recover as much of the amount
as possible from the estate of the de
faulter.
St. Patrick's Alliance.
At the last held meeting of the picnic
committee of St. Patrick's Alliance of
America final arrangements were made
for the picnic to be held next Sunday
in Shell Mound Park. A large number of
prizes were brought in by the members
of the four alliances who are Interested
in the matter, and these were appor
tioned to the various games that are to
be open to the picnickers.
Brannan Gets a New Trial.
The Supreme Court has reversed the
decision in the case of Nicholas Brannan,
accused of extorting money. The case
has been contested with all the determina
tion possible to keep the fellow from the
penitentiary, and under the decision of
the higher tribunal he will get a new trial.
"Israel's Tithe to America," in
next Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VICTORY AND SANTIAGO
are both ours, and we would like to
cheer our gallant soldiers on the field.
In our laundry work we strive just as
hard to achieve victory over all com-
petition by doing the finest work in this
line that can be accomplished, and the
beauty of your linen, madras or negli-
gee shirts, duck, linen and crash suits
laundered here are beyond competition.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.
Wright's Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona who
have used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples
and purify the blood.
Grossman's Spec! Mixture
With this remedy persons can cure them-
selves without the least exposure, change of
diet or change In application to business. The
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
to the conatltutlon. Ask your druggist for it.
Price, 11 a bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
Are You Overworked, Tired, Depressed?
THEN TFt~2"
Ib3SL * fa O & s K"^ a k. * iA B9 A r3 •' 1 rf A fs » ' j
MARIANI WINE--TII6 Fans Tonic for Bofly ni Brain.
FROM THE PHYSICIAN TO MARIANI WINE
His Imperial Majesty, the Sultan.
4*£l££\ gives STRENGTH to
B^^^l Overworked Men,
Delicate Women,
RjhJfcdF? Sickly Children
Dispels WEAKNESS
fpom whatever
P^^J ''^sS^s§^ pSr®? 1 Mariani Wine give- power to the
' "^ ' brain, strength and elasticity to the
tildiz palace, Constantinople. muscles and richness to the blood. It
Sworn enemy of the many proprietary mcdi- ls & promo Of good health and lon-
clnes which have of late years invaded the * supremely great tonic,
! world, and whose only object is gain for the ° * " .-■
I proprietors. I make an exception in favor of whlch has received the im >rsements of
! one preparation as meritorious as it has been more than 8000 American physicians.
far-reaching in Its good. I refer to Yin Marl-
i ani, which, owing to its ■ valuable* fortifying To those who will kindly write to MARIANI
qualities, has conferred benefits upon weak and & CO., 52 West Fifteenth street, New York
suffering ' humanity. I therefore add my ap- City, will be sent, free, book containing por-
proval and praise to this highly meritorious traits with endorsements of Emperors. Em-
preparation. MAVROGENY PACHA, . press. Princes, Cardinals, Archbishops and
Physiclan-ln-Chi«f to the Sultan of Turkey. other Interesting matter.
Paris— 4l Boulevard Haussmann; London— BB Mortimer street; Montreal— Hospital street.
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure! Jg^A. 784 " 66CLAT8T - s * n rr *
iv TTniff. Ny Pninl Vn Par Until Pnrpdl 'j»JffK'3iLi'i??pfcj A dlseaaes cured exduslvo-
J,o knife or Pain I .No Fay Lntll Cured 1 GffittXffi^ly by Chinese herbs, over 3003
75-page book sent free. S. R. Chamlkt. M. P. *&**&%& <fr varieties beins used. AD Vies
17 THIRD ST., Near Market St. ™* * om - «:«> to U *. m.. 1 to I and 7U,
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCEH
vh' f J
inScranton, Fern., who has redded tbere all his life* ftftfi wot'ke*
In the coal mines ever since he was a boy of fifteen, and consequently is pretty
i well known to hundreds, says that the foul atmosphere he "breathed for bo
many years in the mines, the gases, the damp and the cramped position in which
he had to work, caused his entire system to run down. " Aly stomach suffered
most," said he. "I was induced to make trial of Ripans Tabules, and in a
month I was very much benefited. I made a practice of carrying a few of the
magic Tabules or Tablets in my pocket regularly, so as to be able to swallow one
on the first sign of approaching trouble ; but now, and for some time past, I
am, and hare been, a perfectly well man. Many of my fellow miners are
familiar with my case . and not a few of them have learned to follow my example
and always keep two or three of the Tabules in an accessible pocket, and to take
On© at the first sign of an internal disturbance or anything like a headache."
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Compagnle Generals Transatlantlqw.
FrencU Uot to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North -TTWTTir
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers Ctffj
by this line avoid both transit by l "'» l ™.
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
| second class, $116. .
LA NAVARRE July 23, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE ....July 30. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE Aug. 6. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE Aug. 13. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE Aug. 20, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to -
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATI»AN-
. TIQUE. Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FTJGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
.'
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday for
Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage— City of Rome, $60*
other steamers, $50.
Second Cabin — Rome, $42 SO; Furnesaia, $37 50;
other steamers, $35.
Steerage Passage— Rome, $25 50; Furneasla.
$24 50; other steamers, $23 50.
For Book of Tours and Information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS, General Agents, 7
Bowling Green, New York; or J. F. FtIGAZL
5 Montgomery St.; or L. F. COCKROFT, 114
Montgomery St.; or R. R. RITCHIE, I New
Montgomery St., San Francisco.
fNgPfIMIA The S.S.MARIPOSA
r 3l3l&as»!fc !?alls via Honolulu and
r^**"" w Auckland for Sydney
m Wednesday. August 10.
§™|rLDVlfiusr L DVIfiust C^^
• (SffIBM£hCAPE TOWN. *»»
*-w" l r*7 1 " : l Africa.
J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market «t.. San Francisco.
FOR U. S. WAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticell*."
Mon., Tuee., Wed., Thurs. and Sat....
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ....1 p. m. and 8:30 p. "n.
Sundays ... — .. — ......10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier 8.
Telephone Red 2241. -
/^"^V Dr. Gibbon ? Dispensary, |
M^^p^-.i 625 KEARSY ST. Established
tH*7f"'l» in 1554 for the trentmpnt of Private
KHjiAsSa DiseRSPS, lx>st Manhood. Debility or
•4K§|k2'\tfiß rt Iseasp wear! neon bodyand mind and
VaPS»HSa Skln Piieases. The doctorcures when
ikS^i3*B*! cn eisfall. Try him. Charges low.
tSOTt3r«>Rail (nre«gniirantefd. Collorwrlte.
Dr. J. P. UIBBOIf, Box 1837, San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAV3L.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
h^ Steamers leave Broadway
'rwS**- 1 wharf. San Francisco:
K?s?!"25V For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
tHPTwCiBsk July 25, 30 > August 4, 9, 14, 19.
' ■Ml MB\paPs 24. transfer at Seattle.
Rw»iB^4 v\l For Alaskan ports (from FoI-
■HBmSKmH som-street wharf), 10 a. m..
r^**^^^:>>j August 3. 23, transfer at Port-
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C), Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett.
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash ) 10 a.
m., July 25, 30. August 4. and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ky..
at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m., July
25 31 August 6. and every sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
Cavucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) ana
Newport, 9 a. m.. July 24, 28, August 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Loe Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., July 22. 28, 30, August 3, and every fourth
day thereafter. '
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. ISth of
each month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves, the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of Failing. .
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
■IP. Ort T IL, J± NID
From Folsotn-itreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 812 First Class Including Bertß
IHnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia .......July 2, 10. IS. 28
State of Calif crnia..... July 6, 14. 22. 30
St. Paul $18 OOlSt. Louis $32 00
Kansas City ...... 20 00 Chicago »S1
Omaha 18 OQJNew York 310*
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
,630 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
THE WEEKLY CALL,
$1.50 per Year.
910
WILL BATTLE
FOR HER LAND
Arrival From Washing
ton of Liliuokalani.
RUMORS OF A BIG STRIKE
LABOR TROUBLES SAID TO BE
BREWING IN THE ISLANDS.
The Ex-Queen Is Satisfied to Accept
a Suitable Compromise
for the Crown
Lands.
Ex-Queen Liliuokalani, attended by her
physician, I>r. English of Washington,
and Mr. and Mrs. Heleluke, arrived last
night from Washington, en route to Hono
lulu. The party will leave on the Oaellc
next Tuesday for the ex-Queen's native
home.
IJliuokalanf has received annexation
with a sort of resigned despair. In it she
reads the Inevitable, and see« that even
hope for a recovery of the throne is ut
terly demolished. She will return to the
islands and make them her home In the
future. The ex-Queen is solicitous about
the provision which will be made for her
by this Government. She lays claim to
the crown lands, amounting to about
100 000 acrea and yielding an income of
0 a year. It is her intention to con
test the title to this property in the event
of th« United States assuming absolute
ownership Of it. Hut the Queen is willing
m compromise, and the most probable
outcome will be a settlement for life upon
the present representative of the last
dynasty.
Colonel fieorge W. McFarlane is au
tl orlty for the statement that as soon as
the flag Is raised at Honolulu an organ
ized strike of gigantic proportions will
sweep over the Island, impeding the work
ing of plantations and the manufacturing
fjar. He says that he has received
this news from the best authority and
thai there is not only a strong probability
of labor entanglements but that the seeds
of dissension have already been sown and
the product is ready to spring forth at
any moment. The preser^ rate of wages
is about HO a month. The strike will be
made for very nearly douMe that sum.
Emelia B. Cohn Insane.
Emella B. Conn, aged 15 years, who re-
PURCHASED A POLITICAL BRICK.
BANKER JOHN H. JEWETT, Who Was Cleverly Caught
by a Brand New Bunko Scheme.
JOHX H. JEWETT, hanker, shrewd business man and ex-president of the
Society of California Pioneers, has recently invested in a political brick
that will doubtli ss be of great value to him for future reference. He
will, however, when these facts reach him. have a degree of satisfaction
In knowing that there are numerous other prominent citizens of San Fran
cisco who are in humility and sorrow secretly hoarding 1 the same kind of
a treasure, of the existence of which even their best friends are in ignorance.
It seems that there is at the present time a person of good address, at
tired in fine raiment and possessed of matchless nerve, who has discovered a
new bunko game and is playing it in a heartless manner on unsuspecting
citizens. He (artfully selects his victims and presents his card as the. con
ntatlve of the Republican or Democratic State Central Com
mittee, as the necessities of the case require. The eminent citizen is told
that by reason of his great prominence and popularity throughout the State
the "committee" has decided that he Is the only man who can be safely
nominated for a certain office. He is courteously asked if he would meet
a special committee from the State Central organization privately and receive
the proposition, iif course, the innocent citizen is not looking for civic
office, but would be pleased to meet the gentlemen. The political bunko man
just before departing BUddenly reminds himself that he is also taking sub
ecriptlona tor the Central Committee, to be used for campaign purposes, and
flashes b( fore the eyes of the bewildered victim a list bearing the names and
sums donated by a number of men of prominence In this bailiwick. The rest
of the Bcheme is easy, as there is apparently no honorable escape, and the
sharper gets the money without having to show his hand.
Mr. Jewett, one of the best known mm In the State, and who Is now
visiting in Marysville, his old home. Is one of the many to bite at the tempt
ing bait. In an Interview with The Call correspondent he relates his experi
ence, which should be a warning- to tho unsuspecting.
"I was called upon at my home by a very nice gentleman, who presented
his card and stated that he represented the Republican State Central Com
mittee," said Mr. Jewett. "He ask*>d me if I would receive a committee
of Republicans who desired to tender me the nomination for the head of the
ticket. I told him I would not accept the offer, but deeply appreciated the
honor and would be glad to meet the committee. He urged me to withhold
my decision until I had talked with the gentlemen.
"I told him 1 realized the fact that by reason of my high position in
the Society of Pioneers, my popularity among the Native Sons and wide
acquaintance throughout California I would probably be a desirable candi
date, in fact had been offered the position of standard bearer a number of
years before. Still my answer would be no.
"Just before leaving he presented a donation list and asked me to sub
scribe to the campaign fund. I looked over the paper and saw the names
and gifts of many of my friends. When I reached the name of Postmaster
\V. W. Montague and saw that he had given $20, I subscribed $10. and the
gentleman departed with profuse thanks and stated that the committee
would wait on me soon. I have never seen the man since."
The honor was so highly appreciated that Mr. Jewett casually told a
number of friends at Pioneers 1 headquarters of the exalted place that had
been offered him in preference to every other man in the State, and that he
was sorry to have to refuse the proffer of the committee, the visit of
which he was hourly expecting.
Mr. Jewett is still waiting, and will have to charge $10 to political inex
perience. There are others, but they are too busy to let themselves be
known.
The smooth worker is doubtless operating at the present time on the
other good things. For the benefit of such it may be stated that Major
McLaughlin sulphuriously states that the man Is all kinds of an imposter, and
that there is no one authorized by or collecting funds for the Republican
State Central Committee, nor is there any one empowered to offer nomina
tions on the Republican ticket. And there you are.
sided with her parents at 1068 Howard
street, was declared insane yesterday and
sent to Napa Asylum. The young girl is
a victim of a suicidal mania ana has
oftentimes attempted to take her life.
Her parents thought it best to have her
placed in some Institution where she
could be properly cared for, and took her
before the Insanity Commissioners, who
declared her Insane and sent her to the
asylum.
OSBORN DROPPED.
The Poundkeeper Expelled From His
Society by Unanimous Vote.
The regular monthly meeting of the
board of trustees of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals was
held yesterday afternoon, and the name
of Poundkeeper F. A. Osborn was dropped
from the rolls of the society. The vote on
the question was unanimous, and in ex
plaining his vote Supervisor Clinton stated
that the Pound was the worst conducted
institution in the city and tliat complaints
against it were frequent.
Officers of the board were elected for
the ensuing year as follows: N. P. Cole,
president; Colonel J. P. Jackson, vice
president; J. S. Hutchinson. treasurer; C.
B. Holbrook, secretary; Martin Stevens,
attorney; Drs. lver Jacobson and I. W.
O'Rourke. veterinary surgeons.
The offices of the society are soon to be
moved from Sixteenth and Alabama
streets to some place nearer the center of
the city. A committee was appointed to
secure "a location.
IN THE DIVORCE COURTS.
Gertrude T. Stanford Wins Her Suit.
Other Litigants Granted
Decrees.
The marital woes of Gertrude T. Stan
ford as the wife of Albert E. Stanford,
the well-known horseman, are at an end.
Yesterday the application of Mrs. Stan
ford for a divorce was heard by Judge
Troutt. Mrs. Stanford reiterated her pre
vious statements regarding the cruel
manner in which her husband treated
her, and was corroborated by other wit
nesses. The case was submitted and
Judge Troutt promptly granted Mrs.
Stanford a divorce on the ground of ex
treme cruelty.
Frank G. Daneri was granted a divorce
from his wife, Michelia Daneri, on the
ground of willful desertion. Mrs. Emeline
R. Brown was granted a divorce from
Zelotes R. Brown on the grounds of
cruelty, neglect and desertion. The cus
tody of the minor children was awarded
to the mother.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Justus Horeis filed suit yesterday
against his wife, Mary Horeis, for a
divorce, alleging desertion as a cause of
action. Suits for divorce on the ground of
failure to provide were filed by Catherine
E Penchard against Benjamin L. Pen
chard and Mrs. S. E. Miles aga'mat
James Miles.
Read the Exciting travels of two
French adventurers who were five
years making their way from San
Diego to Paris, in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CAX.L, FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1898.
FOR ATEN-CENT SAUCEPAN
Mrs. Ellen Curru Arrested on Com
plaint of a Merchant for
Stealing.
Mrs. Ellen Curry, a respectable looking old lady, Is In the City Prison
on a charge of petty larceny, and a saucepan worth 10 cents is booked as
evidence against her.
Yesterday afternoon she entered the store of P. B. O'Hair, hardware
merchant, 213 Fourth street, and after looking around the store and see
ing no one she took the saucepan, and slipping it under her jacket walked
out. O'Hair had been reading a newspaper in his office and he followed
the old lady.
He overtook her at Howard streec and accused her of stealing the
saucepan. She burst Into tears and threw the saucepan into the street.
When O'Hair told her that he would hold her until a policeman appeared
she began to scream, and a crowd of several hundred people quickly gath
ered. Policeman Van Keuren, seeing the crowd, hurried to the scene and
rang in for the patrol wagon. While waiting the arrival of the wagon
Mrs. Curry kept up her screaming, and the crowd became ugly and
threatening. Its arrival stopped what might have turned out to be a riot.
O'Hair went in the wagon to the prison and personally preferred the
charge. He said he was getting tired of women sneaking into his store
and slipping away with some article, and he thought it was time an ex
ample was made of some one.
"I watched her as she entered the store," he said. "She glanced
around, and not seeing me, as I was in my office reading a paper, she
slipped the saucepan under her jacket and left. When I accused her of
taking it she threw it away, and told me to go and get it. Then she be
gan to cry and scream. She also threw away some tins of sardines and
a box of honey, which she also had under her jacket."
When' searched half a dozen oranges, a penholder and other trifling
articles were found in the bosom of her dress, or in a small hand satchel
that she carried.
Mrs. Curry had not got over her tears when seen In her cell. She
said: "I went into the store and asked him what was the price of the
saucepan, and he said 10 cents. I told him I did not have the money, but
as I wanted the saucepan I would take it, anyway. I went out with it, and
he came after me and arrested me. I got the oranges and honey from Mrs.
Davidson, a friend of mine, who lives on Twenty-sixth street, but I don't
know the number.
"I am a respectable woman, and have five sons In Martinez, one of
them, Henry Curry, being the Coroner there. He will make the man suf
fer who says his mother is a thief."
SIGNAL MEN
ARE GRATEFUL
They Rememberthe Red
Cross Ladies.
A SILVER CUP THEIR GIFT
JUDGE SHELDON MAKES SOME
TIMELY REMARKS.
French Society Officially Thanked
for Its Splendid Donation.
What the Workers Are
Doing.
Mrs. Theodore E. Smith, manager of
the Rod Cross supply depot at 18 Post
etreet, was agreeably surprised Wednesday
by receiving a beautiful silver cup, the |
gift of the T'nited States "Volunteer Sig
. nal Corps, under command of Captain
Russell. Nestling in a large box of sweet
smelling roses iind sweet peas the cup
was handed to the manager by a brace !
of sergeants, who assured her that it was
in part payment for the kindnesses shown
their company by the Red Cross Society. I
Calling her fellow-workers around her :
she exhibited the cup, lac first substan-
Hal token of appreciation received by the
Boclety since its organization. The bear- :
ers of the gift were overwhelmed with
kind words of praise by the ladies, :
THE CHAIN LETTER SCHEME.
Last Tuesday The Call published
an article in reference to a "chain
letter" scheme" conducted by the
American Soldiers' Relief Society,
the officers of which are Dr. G. "W.
Sylvester, W. H. Hollis, C. M. Dais
and Dr. J. E. Sand. The officers of
that society said to a Call reporter
that the money collected had been
turned over to the Red Cross So
ciety. The officers of both the. local
and State branches of the Red
Cross Society were interviewed, and
they affirmed positively that they
had no knowledge of the American
Soldiers' Relief Society and that
they had not received any money or
other donation from it.
On the next morning- the officers
of the local Red Cross Society dis
covered that their statement made
to The Call reporter was an error
and that, in fact, $20 had been paid
in by the American Soldiers' Re
lief Society and that the same had
been placed to its credit. As neither
the officers of the Red Cross nor
The Call desire to do any one an
injustice this statement is made.
The "chain" letter scheme, which
the promoters of the society adopted
for the purpose of securing money
for the fund, is one which has been
worked so often in the interests of
fraud that it has come to be looked
upon with distrust by all, and every
case of the kind which comes to the
notice of the postal authorities is
thoroughly investigated. The mem
bers of the Relief Society all de
clare that they were not aware of
this when they started the "chain,"
who were so charmed with it that they
cheered »the donors. The flowers and the
cup now repose side by side on Mrs.
Smith's desk and attract marked atten
tion.
Another large sum* was received by the
secretary of the local branch on Tues
day. The French citizens having In
charge the splendid celebration of July
14 proudly handed her $1544 05 as their of
fering to the society. This sum is one of
the largest, if not the largest, received
during the past month and speaks Well
for those who donated it.
At the executive meeting of the Red Cross
Society yesterday It was resolved "that a vote
of thanks be and Is hereby extended to the
French Society of San Francisco for Its mag
nificent contribution of $1844 05 to the funds
of the Red Cross Society of San Francisco."
It was also decided that a vote of thanks
be extended to the Musicians' Mutual Pro
tective I'nion for its generous contributions of
orchestral and band music at various Red Crosa
entertainments given in this city. The value
of such contribution to date amounts) to over
$1000.
Judge Sheldon, in his address at the execu
tive meeting yesterday, stated that the Bociety
was a legal organization with a definite object.
"It ought to be made a misdemeanor to use
the Insignia and name of the Red Cross So
ciety for any purpose other than the legitimate
work of the association. All funds that are
collected in the name of the Red Cross that
are not turned over to the Red Cross Society
are swindles that ought to be rebuked by every
person In the community."
As a false rumor has been circulated about
the society neglecting the Tennessee Regiment
the following letter will be of Interest to the
public:
Headquarters First Infantry, Tennessee United
States Volunteers, Camp Merritt.
SAN FRANCISCO. July 18, 1898.
To the President and Members of the Red
Cross Society, San Francisco, CaL — Ladles: It
having come to my knowledge that some un
authorized person or persons have been circu
lating reports to the effect that the ladies of
your society have been Indifferent and wanting
in their attention to the members of the regi
ment I have the honor to command, I desire
to cay In behalf of my regiment and Its mem
bers that all such reports are absolutely un
true and do your society a very great wrong.
Since the arrival of the Tennessee Regiment
In San Francisco I beg to say that the ladles
of the Ked Cross of San Francisco and Oak
land have been unremitting in their attenttona
to this regiment, doing everything they were
permitted to do in looking after the comfort
and weirare of this command, both as regards
the sick and the well, and whetner In camp
or In the hospital. We are aJI Indignant that
such a report as the one referred to should j
have been given circulation, and I now take j
occasion to denounce and repudiate it and to J
characterize it as an absolute untruth. The j
men of the Tennessee Regiment who have been I
the recipients of co many kind and thoughtful !
offices by the ladles of yt/ur noble society will
never forget your work in their behalf during
their sojourn in this city. They all say God
bless the ladles of the Red Cross Society in |
their noble efforts to contribute to their com- j
fort and welfare.
With our best wishes for you all In your
noble work I have the honor to be, respect
fully your obedient servant,
WILLIAM C. SMITH,
Colonel First Infantry, Tennessee United
States Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.
Mrs. A. S. Townsend continues to bestow her
generosity on the troops encamped In this city.
Yesterday, through the local society, she sent
1200 handkerchiefs to the Tennessee regiment.
Subscriptions were received from the follow- ]
Ing auxiliaries: Sutter Creek, $175; Grass Val
ley, $35; Rocklln, $10; Ross Valley, $50; Pleas
anton, $23; Centervllle. $3.
Thirty-two men and fifteen women are tak
ing the Red Cross lecture course for nurses, j
They all seem exceedingly Interested and are 1
eager to prepare themselves to take care of j
the sick soldiers of Manila.
A great many soldiers, especially of the New j
York regiment, find their way down to the I
Ferry hospitality room during the day to write !
letters, read the newspapers »and rest In the
warm and pretty room, bright with flowers,
flags and kindly faces.
The small towns throughout California are !
doing much to assist the Red Cross In aiding
the soldiers. Wells, Fargo & Co. ship sup- i
piles from Interior towns free of cost if they |
are marked Red Cross, 1G Post street. To-day j
Shumate & Jones of San Jose sent canned and j
dried fruits; Santa Paula Kent boxes of fruit j
for the Seventh Regiment; San Rafael, Calls
toga and Saratoga also sent gifts of books,
] fruit, etc., for the soldiers.
The men of the Eighteenth and Twenty
! third regiments. United States regulars, now :
j in San Francisco, are all recruits and have no
| company funds. They therefore lack many of •
! the comforts and necessities which the United
: States regulars usually enjoy. The ladles of ,
i the Red Cross try to help them as well as they
! can. The men "especially want vegetables, :
, pickles, etc., and the ladles have sent both j
; refitments barrels of the things needed.
! J. C. Jordan, the -well-known capitalist, pre
; sented the State Society with a very handsome j
and expensive oak desk.
Donations were received at 16 Post street !
from Millbrae Dairy. Belmont School, W.
A. Brewer, Qulros Soda Company, Miss Weber,
State Department, H. 8. Crocker Company, ,
Friends Mrs. G. C. Greenwood, Noe Street |
Red Cross, Mrs. C. S. Klmball, Red Cross So
ciety. Mrs. C. H. Bell, Mrs. J. F. Boyd, Mrs.
M. H. Hecht.
Donations al»o arrived from Dlxon, Oakland,
Ross Valley, Stockton, Tulare, Santa Cruz.
Calistoga, San Jose, Santa Paula, San Rafael
and Saratoga.
Following are the subscriptions received at
the Red Cross Headquarters within the past
two days: Employes Judson Manufacturing
Company, $7; Mrs. Hattle McCully, $1; Mrs.
C M Schendel, $1; Mrs. M. Mullen. $1; Mrs.
F Wrlgley $.1; Red Cross box, collected by
Mrs Loosley. $16: W. E. Brown, fourth sub
scription $50; Miss Holmes, $1; proceeds
French celebration 14th July, $1844 05; Sequoia
Chapter, D. A. R., per Mrs. W. H. Crocker,
$50- B. Cohen, third subscription, $2 75; em
ployes Powell street market, $3; Mrs. A. W.
Scott, $2; memberships, $15; proceeds Dewey
fair $7 50' Mrs. Walter Campbell, second sub
scription, $5; W. yon Meyerinck in California
Market, $5 50
Dr. Shrady, president Red Cross
Society, writes about the chances of
our soldiers in war, in next Sunday's
Call.
MRS. EMMA STERRET
GUILTY OF CONTEMPT
REFUSED TO PRODUCE PAPERS
IN THE WALTER CASE.
Her Attorneys Will Appeal to the
Supreme Court From the Ruling
of Judge Troutt.
The legal battle that has waged be
tween the heirs of Gustav Walter, since
his death, and Mrs. Emma Sterret daily
Increases In bitterness. Yesterday a
climax was reached in the case
and Mrs. Sterret was adjudgeu
guilty of contempt of court. Sho
was ordered Into the custody of ths
Sheriff until she complied with the ordei
made by Judge Troutt, commanding her
to produce all papers in court she removed
from the rooms occupied by herself ana
Gustav Walter during the last two years
of Walter's life. The judgment of court,
however, will not be carried into effect
until next Monday. In the meantime ah
appeal will be taken to the Supreme Court
by Attorneys Hart and Schooler, who rep
resent Mrs. Sterret.
When the matter of the citation of
Mrs. Sterret in relation to the estate
of Walter came up yesterday, Judge
Troutt had the order, made on Mrs. Ster
ret several weeks ago, drawn up in for
mal phrase. As expected, Mrs. Sterret
failed to produce the papers, and Judgo
Troutt adjudged her guilty of contempt
and ordered her into the custody of th«
Sheriff. Mrs. Sterret was present In tho
courtroom when the order was tpiade, but
it failed to disturb her in the least. Sho
knew that it was simply a formal ordei
and in event the Supreme Court sustained
Judge Troutt she could easily purge her
self of contempt by producing the papers.
After the order was made Attorney
Young, representing the estate, stated to
the court that he was willing that a sus
pension of judgment should be granted
Mrs. Sterret in order to give her attor
neys an opportunity to appeal. Judge
Troutt granted the stay, but next Monday,
in event the Supreme ■Court*' sustains
Judge Troutt, Mrs. Sterret must produce
the papers or go into the custody of tho
Sheriff as his prisoner.
The fight Mrs. Sterret's attorneys will
make before the Supreme Court against
the order made by Judge Troutt will h%
based on the fourth amendment of th«
constitution of the United States, which
provides that "The right of the people
to be secure in their persons, houses, pa
pers and effects against unreasonable
searches and seizures shall not be violated
and no warrants shall issue but upon rea
sonable cause, supported by oath or affir
mation, and particularly describing the
place to be searched, and the person or
things to be seized." The order of Judge
Troutt commands Mrs. Sterret to produce
"papers" in court and describes no par
ticular paper, with the exception of some
stock In a local corporation. The attor
neys representing the estate do not know
that the papers will be of material use
to them, but they want to find out. henc«
the order commanding their production.
Mrs. Sterret's attorneys hold that the
order is plainly in violation of the fourth
amendment of the constitution, and be
hind that formidable provision they will
stand and fight the order to the end.
Canadian Railroad Competition.
At a general session of the Interstate
Commerce Commission held at Chicago
on the 14th inst. it was determined to hold
a meeting In Chicago on August 1 for the
purpose of examining into the alleged
disturbances in passenger rates Induced
by the rate slashing methods of the Cana
dian Pacific Railway Company. Circulars
were sent to ail the big roads "of the coun
try, and the commission directs them to
send representatives to the session that
will take place in Chicago for the purpose
of determining what relief might be ob
tained for the American companies.
"Israel's Tithe to America," in
next Sunday's Call.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
O W Roberts, Btookta N W Williams. Redng
Mrs W S Green.Culusa Mrs B P Mcf'ullough,
Mrs E T Gould. Sonora Crows Landing
F E Sharkey, NY L Schmidt & w. *fo
J B Johnson, NY N Wines. St Louis
M E Russell. NY S J Howard. N V
W W Cozzins, S Jose J W Mitchell. Latrobe
J Roland &w. Sacto F Brown. Milton
S H Rice, San Jose P Cook. Et Louis
F Brown. Milton W Pike. Fresno
R Don. Stockton H R Jackson. N T
\\ J Barry. Sacto E Krellenberg, Woodld
E T Chefflns. Petalma G R Stewart. Crows L
F A Junes, S Barbara J T Webb. Placervllle
E L Rarkis. Oakdale Mrs C W Tryon, Cal
R T Heath. Yuma B R Prince. Fresno
G A McElfresh, L Ang L W Lasell. Calaveras
J \\ Taggard & w, Cal J Poundstone, Grand I
J C Mours, Fresno M Diefenbrlck. Sacto
A J Plllsbury, Tulare R Long. Akron
Mrs G W Kummer & W H Crothers. S Jose
son, Seattle E L Wllhoit. Stockton
\\ B Cook &w, Colo A L Hohson. Ventura
Mies L Nash. Denver F W Hofman. S Louis
Mips A Evans. Ontario S L Hogan. Fresno
Miss C House, Ontario H Khschbraun. S Jose
PALACE HOTEL.
Dr J S Eastman, Cal E B Mleler, Portland
Mrs J S Eastman, Cal Mrs E 8 Churchill, Cal
S 8 Battue Jr, N J Miss Churchill, Cal
O A Field & s. Mo W R Jones, Gold Hill
C H Karlsruher, Ohio G S Nixon Nevada
Mrs Karlsruher, Ohio S Blnata. Japan
H J Woodward, Peorla C B Alexander. N T
R H White, USA Mrs Alexander, N V
A G Hubbard, Redlda Mrs T Flint Jr, Cal
Mrs Hubbard, Redlds L O Harris & w, N V
W G Eaklns, Toronto H H Hinshaw, Cal
T B Wilcox & w, Or H J Reillng, Idaho
J T Graves, Phila Mrs J H Payne. Chleag
Miss Petttt. Phlla Mrs M B Gilsrls, Chcg
J R Petitt, Phlla W G Hlggins'& w. 11l
Dr Ehrenreich, Berlin S V Graham, U S N
BALDWIN HOTEL.
A W Camp. Louisville E Wheller, Cal
J W Camp, Louisville S Zolllnger. Arkansas
J Lelhead. Panama J Bayho, Yokohama
M P Stein. Stockton Miss M Buckley, N V
Mrs A G Col. San Jose J G Hastings N V
R Col, San Jose E J Morgan, Newark
Miss L Prom Is, San Jse S M Lord & w, Cal
C P Broslam, Chicago D F Stabel, Redding
M E Harris Oakland J Bothmer, Salt Lake
E C Moor, Los Gatos S P Dint, Minnesota
G C Sheppard, Seattle H C Pierce. Los Ang
J H Cartad. Seattle W H Windom. Chicago
E S Field. Seattle R O Roes, New Orlens
H M Johnson, B C B N Davis. New Orlns
O Moline. Seattle W S Carlton, Mobile
W F Parker, Los Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C D Wilson. San JoseiW Harwick, Modesto
C Prlßpe. Cal *E Delia Maria. Frosno
C Wright, w & s,Wat-!R White. Fort Blank
sonvllle O B Collins. Fort Blnk
J R Wade, Sta Rosa I A J Bone, Pan Rafael
A Milieu, Petaluma P de Martini, Cal
J Murray. Oakdale F J Morton. Ayoelle
H Johnson. Oakdale |G Pendleton. San Jose
A R Buckner, S Rosa.E R Hulison, Muscogu
W Wood, Sacto I A Cutting & w.Chlcgo
A G Wood, Benlcla Miss Klllman, Minn
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market an* Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
187 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Cl 5 Lurkln street; i»— n until 9:30 o'clock.
mi Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
5261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. <*& —
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont-^frjjf*
gomery sts. — Regular assembly THIS llf I
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. *SgS
Order of The Temple. All fraters are cour-
teously invited.
SIR JOHN FRASER. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection
No. Regular meeting THIS (FRI- **3*
DAY) EVENING, July 22, at I A
o'clock. Fourteenth degree. - /fB
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. <kuS»
NATIONAL Union — Mem-^^mjJ^^
bers of California Coun-^<»KSCj3H5~3jk
ell No. 530, are requested O ' ■"*"^«W
to attend the funeral serv- ~
Ices over our late Friend, J. J. LERRI, at the
First Congregational Church, Oakland, at
1:30 p. m. TO-DAY.
ST. PATRICK'S Alliance of America— -££v
Joint reunion and picnic will take ryurO.
place at Shell Mound Park, Berkeley. /fAtjQ
SUNDAY, July 24. Members and '/ if\J
friends are requested to attend. ~~-*y-^
Music, dancing and games; $150 cash gate
prizes. JOHN B. COSGRAVE. Chairman.
THE regular annual meeting of the Pacific
Coast Dredging and Reclamation Company
will be held at the office of the company, 36
Steuart street, San Francisco, California, on
TUESDAY, the 2nd of August, IS9B, at 3
o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Trustees to serve during the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
M. J. MADISON, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— regular annual meeting
of stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation
Company will .be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August. 1898, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Friday,
July 29, IS9B, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting of the - Rlsdon iron and
Locomotive Works — annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Rtsdon Iron and
Locomotive Works, for the election of trus-
tees for the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such other business as may be
brought before the meeting, will be held at
the office of the company, southeast corner
of Beale and Howard streets, San Francisco,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August, 1898,
at 11 o'clock a. m. L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
THE orphans and half, orphans admitted into
St.' Francis' Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum
since January 1, 1898, to July 1. 1898, s are as
follows: Orphans— Hawkins 7, Mary
Kelly 7; half orphans— Anna Madden 8, Mary
Pratra 7, Anna Pratra 3, Enesti Pratra 4
(male), Mervyn Rooney 3, Leo Rooney 8, John
■ Rooney 6, Anvedeo Vetera 6 (male), Victo-
reen Holland 3, Elisa Holland 2, Louisa Hol-
land 4, William O'Connor 3, Mary Strong 7,
admitted December 31, 1897. .-
JESSIE RAYDEUR, alcohol baths and mas-
sage. 101 Eddy St., rooms 12 and 14.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery , St.. room 6; tel. 6580.
ALVINE HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
baths. 15V4 Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. S3 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic : Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St.. on and after August 1.
IS9S. . Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
July 26, 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class se-
lect help. - 835 Market Rt. : phone Clay IK).
SITUATIONS WANTED— FESIALeT"
A MIDDLE-AGED Swedish woman, good cook
and house worker, $12 to $15; references. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st. .
A SWEDISH house girl, good cook and laun-
dress; two years at last place: strong and
willing; $15 to $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
A GERMAN second girl, first-class waitress
and seamstress; best references. MRS. NO
TON, 313 Sutter st. ":. •;••■-:'
A YOUNG girl wishes place to assist In house-
work, $10 to $12. Apply MRS. NORTON, 31J
Butter st. -
A YOUNG neat German cook, best of refer-
ences, desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 816 Butter st. /
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
REFINED middle-aged American Protestant
woman desires situation at housework, $10
to $15; references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
second girl or housework: $10 to $15; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
SUPERIOR Norwegian parlor maid and wait-
ress desires situation; best references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation where
she can have her child (9 years old) with
her; country: willing to do housework; beat
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS young~German coolT~deslres
situation; 2 years last place; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation; is a
good cook: will do light housework: city or
a short distance in the country; will work
for moderate wages. Apply 10 Stockton
place, off Stockton st., bet. post and Sutter;
no postals.
RESPECTABLE American working housekeep-
er; neat, steady, trustworthy and economical;
good cook, washer and ironer; city or coun-
try: best reference; wages $20 to $30. Call 56
Haight st.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes to do cook-
ing or general housework: is a good cook;
good references; $20 to $25; no objection to
country. 629 Stevenson st., near Seventh.
YOUNG German woman with a child would
like a situation for housekeeping or general
housework: country preferred. Call 210 East
St., between Howard and Folsom.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation in small
family; general housework; is nice plain
cook: neat worker in general. 448 Natoma st.
COMPETENT young lady, strong and willing,
deeires a situation to assist at housework'
wages $12. Call at 819 Diamond st.
GOOD cook wishes general housework. No. 8
Vernon place, between Harrison and Folsom.
COLORED woman wishes position to do gen-
eral housework. 144 Fifth st.
A WORKING housekeeper desires a position.
Address A. B. C, box 281. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by reliable woman to do
second work. Call at 510 Ellis st.
GOOD cook wishes situation; city or country.
Address box 239. Call Office.
YOUNG German girl wants situation; general
housework; wages $15. Call 1022 Larkln st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation as cook and
general housework. Call from 2 to 6 o'clock.
628 Filbert st.
WANTED— By man and wife, situation as
coachman and cook; wife do any kind of
housework. Box 186, Call Office.
PROTESTANT woman wishes a situation In
firivate American family, to do cooking and
ight housework. 102414 Geary st.
YOUNG girl for general housework, plain cook-
Ing; wages $15. Call at 710 Folsom St.; no
postals answered.
STRONG Swedish girl wishes work by the day;
plain washing or any kind of work. 1331
Fulton st.
YOUNG lady wishes situation; companion and
nurse to invalid lady or child; references.
Address B. A. V.. box 154, Call office.
YOUNG widow with girl 4 years of age, wishes
to do housework in place where there are no
children. 1739 Stockton st.
ELDERLY American woman wishes a place
on ranch; Is a good cook and housekeeper.
136 Fifth St.. near Howard.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation In a
respectable house; general housework. Ad-
dress 32 Fourth St.
AMERICAN woman desires position to cook
for men; in answer state wages and num-
ber. Address box 194, Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 4144 O'Farrell st.; tel. East 42«.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay at.
YOUNG man speaking English, French, Ger-
man and Malay with five years office ex-
perience; traveled in China, Japan and In-
dia; desires situation. Box IS4, Call office.
SINGLE man, understanding the care of horses
and also gardener work and Is handy with
tools, desires position of any kind. Address
box 2SS, Call office.
WANTED — Situation by a German as waiter in
summer resort or plain country hotel, not
too far away from the city. Box 16S, Call.
WANTED — Position as assistant surveyor or
draughtsman by well-qualified young man.
Address box 169, Call office.
JAPANESE faithful who speaks good English
seeks Job in lodging-house or hotel; 3 years'
experience. Address 521% Jessie Et.. K. S'aka.
A YOUNG man, aged 24, sober and honest.
would like to get employment as night watch-
man; at work at night for 6 years; city or
country. Address C. B. ANDERSON, 134
and 136 Fourth st., San Francisco.
EASTERN poultry man, having 15 years' ex-
perience with incubator and raising poultry
extensively, wishes situation; capable Of fit-
ting up poultry plant. P., room 75, New
Western Hotel.
STEADY man wishes position as driver; drivs
a delivery wagon or milk wagon; drove milk
wagon before; good references. Address B.
WAVER, Denver House. 217 Third st.
STEADY, sober young man wishes situation as
gardener or coachman; handy with tools;
good references. Address W., box 7, Call
office, Oakland.
MAN of family wants position; guard, watch-
man, foreman on vineyard or ranch, team-
ster or grocery clerk; can furnish bond; 1 year
at laGt place; wages not less than $50. Box
108, Call office.
YOUNG Scandinavian wishes situation in pri-
vate family to take care of horses, cows and
garden; good references. Address J. TYNE,
11 Mission st.
JAPANESE, good housekeeper, wants a situ-
ation, plain cook and housework, or lodging-
house. Address WILLIAM TALLA, 1 Eddy
place.
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, wishes situation
in wholesale hardware or ship chandlery busi-
ness; strictly temperate. Box 159, Call office.
GOOD milker and buttermaker, has run a sep-
arator, seeks engagement. JOHN NELSON,
Dairyman. 302 Fourth st. ; upstairs.
CAKE baker wishes situation. G. PALM, 480
Jessie Bt.
YOUNG married man wishes a situation to
take care of horses and work In a garden.
Box 2C9. Call office.
OPTICIAN; thoroughly competent; good diplo-
ma; will take position anywhere; store or
travel; have excellent and complete outfit.
OPTICIAN. 103 Grove St.
WANTED— By carpenter, a situation in city or
country; experienced in all its branches: best
of references given. Address J. M., box 105,
Call Office.
YOUNG Frenchman wishes a situation In
hotel or private house to learn English: will-
ing to do anything. Address box 25, Call.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 night: $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED-FEMALB.
WAITRESS for a sanitarium, short distance
$25, see party here early. MRS. NORTON*
313 Sutter »t.
TWO 6econd glrla at $15 each; second girl $20-
cook, $25; nurseglrl, $20. MRS. NORTON*
313 Sutter st.
THREE bousegirls, $20 each; houseglrl $25-
young girl to assist; middle-aged woman to
assist on a small ranch. $15, fare paid MRS
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID. $20; German cook, $30- S
girls for housework and assist. 631 Larkin'st.
GERMAN seamstress and chambermaid- $2T
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS and chambermaid, lisl nantry
work, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
REFINED German nurse, child 6 years tIT
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
GERMAN nursing governess and seamstress
$25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter, $30. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, eating house, $20, country. MISS
CUiLLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED nursery governess and second girl.
$25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED German second girl, $20 MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN and child, $25^ MISS CULLEN 325
Sutter st.
SECON D girl, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter at.
WAITRESS, $30, private family. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter Rt.
NEAT girl, light housework, $12 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
TWO German and French second girls, $20;
girl for general housework, American mm.iy.
$25; 2 German nurses, $15; 2 ironere, $30 and
$10 week: 5 waitresses and chambermaids,
$20 and $22 50, and girls for housework, city
and country. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 316
Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class Italian girl for house-
work. 1023 Market st.
GIRL about 15 to assist in housework. 1023
Market st.
EMPLOYMENT Office, 1028 Market rt.— De-
Mirable help furnished for city and country.
HELP WANTED- Continued.
MOTHER and daughter, '^ good waitress and
chambermaid, want places together; wages
not so much an object as good, steady place.
C. R. HANSEN & CO?? 4 104', Geary st. ; phone
Grant 185. >X M \K
HEAD and 6 waitresses, country hotels and
springs, $25 and 2 first-class hotel cham-
bermaids, references, $20; 4 ironers, hotel and
laundry, city and country, $30 and $40; house-
keeper, country, free fare, $20; children
nurse, institution, $20; nurae, family. $20; 20
housegirls, city and country. for housework,
$15, $20. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
GIRL for chamberwork and waiting, nice
country hotel, $20: housework girls, etc.,
country. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
HEAD chambermaid, country, $20. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny at.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. Apply
Immediately California ' Canneries Co., Bran-
nan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
CANNERS— Expert cannera wanted. Apply
Immediately Californlan Canneries Co., Bran-
nan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRL wanted; young girl for light housework,
must speak German, two in family, good
home, $10; references. Call 3656 Twentieth.
YOUNG strong girl for Belvedere; general
housework; references. Call at 1520 Clay St.,
1 to 2 d. m. '
GIRLS for fine labeling. Apply bet. 8 and 9
a. m., 512 Bryant st., near nrehouse.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
801 Hayes st.
TWO young lady solicitors on salary and com-
mission. Apply 206 Kearny st., room 603.
GIRL to take care of baby: sleep home; wages
$5. Call bet. 10 and 11.. 322 Ellis St.. room 21.
YOUNG girl to assist light housework; sleep
home. 27 Capp st.
LADY to clerk in store; state age. Address
box 181. Call.
GIRL: German preferred; must at"- with pa-
rents. Old number 1053 Market at., upstairs.
COMPETENT chambermaid wanted at 2109
Broadway; call bet. 10 and 12.
NEAT girl for general housework. Call after
9 o'clock at 1720 Sacramento st.
GOOD restaurant waitress wanted. 813 O'Far-
rell st.
YOUNG girl to help a few hours each day,
housework, $5. 623 Turk st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for ladies' tailor;
references; state salary. Box 191, Call.
YOUNG lady assistant In bath parlors: Eastern
preferred. Address box 214, Call office.
LEARN dressmaking & millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
LEARN sewing at Keisler Ladles' Tailoring
College, 118 McAllister st. ; patterns to order.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit: no trying on; trial free.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Driver for milk route in city; good
place; $30 and found: city experience and ref-
erences required. W. D. EWER & CO., 626
Clay st. ■
WANTED— Fare advanced, 6 more men to work
about sawmill in Washington, $26 to $27 per
month and board, see employer at our office;
man to peel tanbark and work in the woods,
near city, $30 and board, good long Job; young
German to work about country saloon, no ex-
perience required, $20 and found and Increase;
also farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters and
dishwashers. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay.
A— NOTICE COOKS NOTICE
12 cooks for different places, $60, $45, $30 and
$25 and found; 5 dishwashers. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— WAITERS .... SPECIAL .... WAITERS
9 hotel waiters $30 and $25 and found
3 restaurant waiters $25 and $20 and found
3 waiter boys $15 and found
Pantryman, $25 and found; young man to
work around a bakery. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st. •
BARBER wanted, $14 per week; country Job.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TYPEWRITER, stenographer and assistant
bookkeeper, $30 and found. MURRAY St
READY. 634-636 Clay St.
GANG edgerman. $40 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WAGES FROM.. $2 50 DAY ..WAGES FROM
, To the Great Mines
65 more laborers, no experience required, to
work around a great mining plant and
mines; wages from
$30 per month and found wages
12 laborers to cut brush, load it on barges,
: level land, etc.. $30 and found; fare . 35c.
MURRAY A READY. 634-626 Clay Bt.
TOOLS FURNISHED
96 woodchoppers $1 50 cord
104 tlemakers Be. 9c and lie each
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
SAUSAGE maker. MURRAY & READ/,
634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH and shoe. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— BAKER, country, small hotel. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— WHEELWRIGHT, $2 50 day. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. * .
A— l MEN to pile lumber $26 and found
2 log wayman $1 73 day
man to sort and grade lumber $175 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 GEARY ST.
250 railroad laborers, Alaska $3 a day
6 railroad tunnelmen, California
Free fare $175 to $2 50
60 railroad teamsters, California
Free fare $20 and found
25 Italian railroad laborers
For Vancouver, B. C Fare advanced
Ship Monday's steamer
10 laborers for a quarry. .Free fare..sl 75 day
10 laborers for a mine $1 60 to $2 50 a day
5 farmers $20 and found
Spool tender $35 and board
Shingle packer $2 a day
Millpond man $30
Man and wife $35 and found
Blacksmith $60
Milker $25
Rough carpenter $1 a day and board
Gardener and man about a place for an in-
stitution $30 and found
3 barkers and buckers $35 and board
Hotel and Restaurant Department
Barkeeper, Al mixer
City bar experience $75 and found
Steward, country hotel ......$5O
10 waiters, $35, $30 and $25; 10 cooks, city and
country, $35 to $60; 4 dishwashers, $25; por-
ter $15
Butcher $35 and found
Bellboys $10, $15 and $25
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— $50: miners, $2 50 a day;
laborers and teamsters, $1 day and board; 20
laborers for country, $1 75 to $2 day, fare re-
funded; 2 stock work coopers, $30 and board;
2 carpenters for mine, $3 day; woodchoppers,
$1 50 cord; washer hand, laundry, $30 and
found: ironers; brick molders. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook for miners' boarding-house,
■ $80; hotel waiters, $25; restaurant waiters;
dishwashers; second cook for resort. $40, and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Man for undertakers' parlors, must
have had some experience in making eof ana
and willing to assist In the general work of
undertaking; salary $60 to $75. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramen:o st.
WANTED— Coachman with good references,
country. $30; groom, private place, young
man, $30; 2 choremen, small places, $12 and
$15; man on ranch. Napa County. $15; butler,
$40; Indoor servant, $30 to $35: second cook,
restaurant, $60; cook, $35; waiter, hotel, $23;
porter for saloon, $20: kitchen hand. $20, etc.
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
A BUTLER. $40; references. MISS CULLEN.
315 Sutter at. ' • _
WAITER, country hotel. $30: waiter, near city,
$25. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
PRIVATE secretary to-day: highest referenca
required. 313 Bush st. ; call early.
SOBER man, understands mixing drinks, in
wine house: also act as indoor saleman; mar-
ried, speaking German, preferred. Box 255,
Call office. I '
WANTED— At Montana House, 764V4 Mission,
men to take rooms : 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
YOUNG man. not over 20 years, a O-vmnn pre-
ferred, as assistant barkeeper; reference re-
quired. Address O. P. 1., box 241. 'Tall OffliM.
YOUNG baker wanted to work on bread. 714
Valencia at., between Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday:
wages $4. 903 Point Lobos aye.
BARBER wanted. Call at 7:30 a. m with
tools, 58 Third st.
BARBER wanted steady. 797 Mission st cor
Fourth . . •
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday 391*
Turk Bt. ■
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
504 Valencia st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart!
WANTED— Young man to learn the liquor
business. Brownstone Wine Co., 331 Ellis st.
STRONG boy with some experience to learn
baker trade. 613 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats. 41VA
'.' ' xvc&rny - st. . ■ ■' ■
YOUNG man, German preferred, to wait at
. table and lunch counter. -Address box 228, Ca11.
' WAN I E ,P- cook. am Twenty-fourtH
St.! C&ll early.HELP Continued.
DISHWASHER wanted: 12124 Polk st. Model
Restaurant, near Sutter St.
HOARDING house cook. SW. corner Bay and
Webster sts.
NEST young man to attend cigar stand
. . ■ m 6 to 12 p. in. . wages $2 week. 210 Grant.
lER-SHOP for Bale. Inquire 121 East
net.
A MONTH; young man- with $150 wanted
;'s partner in genteel cash business in San
Itafaei; bargain. Address Business, box 403,
San Rafael.
WANT Registered druggist: recent gradu-
ate preferred: single or married; living rooms.
1204 Market Bt.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 323 Devlsadero st
BOY wanted between 14 and 17 years of age.
Apply at 246 Sutter St.. room 14.
TWO barber.- for suburban town; steady posi-
tion. Apply 871 Market St.. opposite Powell.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
ment. Barnard, Sec, 104 7th: tel Jessie 11C4.
GENT to take orders for printing. Apply P.
BOULIN. 519 Filbert St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 160 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn bnrber trade In S weeks. San
Francisco Barber Tolle^e. 135% Eighth st.
BARBERS' Ass': Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, See. 826 Grant aye. Tel Grant 136.
BAIL* and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Davis st.. near Jackson.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 60; men's
gpllng. 3io; only iine_prj^_____i-> Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c nifiht. Rosedale House. ."21 KU.s st.
TRY Acme House. 957~Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room: 2ic a night; $1: a *_____
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndel House, Sixth and Howard sts.
W\NTEP— To collect wages due laborers and ,
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. U" Sutter st |
WINCHESTER! HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near!
y.arket; 200 rooms, 25c a nlpht: reading room;
frep 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Specialty salesman for a partly
Introduced and advertised article in whole-
sale grocery line; murt have established trade | ■
In Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley. Ad-
dress box 203, Call office.
WANTED- Agents to take territory for the
sale of Home Comfort Washing Machines;
patent No. 599.023 granted Otto Speilnie.yer.
Bt. Louis. Mo.; quick selling nrtk-:e; liberal
commissions. F. MILLER. State
Asrent. Present address, 2:19 c'haiuiing ay,
'Berkeley. Cal.
AGENTS, both sexes: quick seller; large com- ;
mission. Address LEFFLER & SELL,
Z2'.> : - ■?.■' St.. S. F.
FURNITURE W ANTED.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer- ;
chandise. 1067 Market St.: tel. Jessie 32.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Small variety store or branch i
bakery; must be cheap. Box 22 Call Office, i
WANTED— Up to date novelties lor country I
towns California. Box 134. Call ■■:'•;.>■•■
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— loB ROOMS;: near Baldwin $6500
15 rooms; new and good 650 j
12 rooms: sunny corner; running water.. 1600 j
14 rooms: -transient 450 .
i'l rooms; select; transient corner 1600
22. r00m5; fine sunny corner 1400]
31 rooms; fine for transients; part cash... U'so j
f'6 rooms; transient: best in city; cheap.
18 rooms; sunny corner: a snap CoO ]
62 rooms; rent $S0; come quick 1500!
14 rooms; rood transient house; O'Farrell 1200
4'". rooms; Market St.; clears $2'W: cheap.. 2*o |
ROGERS & HYDE. ■.- I Market St. L. W.
Rogers, formerly clerk for II C. Decker.)
H. C. DECKER,
1020 MARKET ST . OPPOSITE FIFTH. !
37-rorn. house for exchange 7M
l n -room house; only 150
24 rooms: clears $l*>o , 600 i
19-room boarding house 1400
40-n hcuse; only T.O cash 450 j/
22 rooms; near City Hall 500
19 rooms on Post St.; clears $100 1000
60 rooms: clears $100; only 750 i'
42 rooms; elegant corner; clears $400 3300
10 ms; all rented: business street . . 300 I ;
25 rooms; on Market; dears $200 600 ;
100 rooms: corner; best c earth 650J ,
H. C. DECKER,
1020 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE FIFTH. I
KREDO & CO 224 ■•.:■-. St. ; ,
Money to an at low rates "...r
105 rooms; clears $3000 yearly $5500 i".
60 rooms; Market st. ; exchange for realty 3r>6o I
Dl rooms; Sixth Rt. ; exchange for realty. 2500
41"4 1 " rooms; family house; Geary et 2OCO
42 rooms: apartment house 2SOO
13 rooms; clears JM;- central S3' i i
10 rooms: Eddy st: rent J4O 750
9 rooms: O'Farrell st; give-away 225 I
Other good bargains. KREDO & CO,
LODGING-HOUSE, 3S rooms, $1000. one-half
on time; srocery store. $sno. fine location,
part on time; good canvassers wanted, good
proposition. C. H. TAYLOR & CO.. 1023
Market st.
PRICE $1000; 22 rooms: cheap rent: oak and
maple wood furniture: good carpets; 2 en- ;
trances, 13 and 15' i Powell St.: good induce-
ments to right parties. Apply to GREEN
BROS., on premises. j
A — TWO 45-room corner houses: big Induce*
ment given to good tenant. See SPECK &
CO., •'••-■ Market st.
PARTY wish to sell or buy: specialty in lodg-
ing-house; 100 bargains. BASILS, 673H Mkt.
86 FURNISHED rooms, corner house; trade for
lots. 1382 Market St., lorn 4.
— ~-
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth. $": see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our* specialty; fillings. ,"0c: crbwns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth et.; telephone Jessie 1132. '
DR. : I.I'M HILL, 1443 Market St., nr. 11th; ;
no charge for • ting when plates are
made; old plates' made over like new: teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
DX. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of pninleps extraction and |
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
wltlvnit plate. removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell. [
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c J up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even- I
Ings. 997 Market Ft., cor. Sixth. j
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by |
New York dentists. 909 Mission. «or. Sixth.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
Voi-N 1 ':. I*4l Polk st.
LOST.
LOST— July 19. goM hunting-case watch: John
C. Dueber, maker. Liberal reward for re-
turn to 938 Pacific st.
LOST — Monogram bracelet, Tlvoll Cafe, i
Wednesday; liberal reward. Return to W. 8.
TABER, 910 Market st. j
LOST— Saturday night, July 16, fox terrier;
answers to the name of Klondyke: had license •
No. 1974. Return to 621 Sansome st. and re- j
ceive reward. % i
ON Mission mad. breeenloadtng shotgun. Re- ,
turn J. CHAMBERS, 427 Bank St.; $10 reward.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY StPam Carpot-Clennlng Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
2- and '40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN you br-oome distrusted with poor work ,
s<-nd to SPAULDIN'G'S Pioneer Carpet-
Heating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. B. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson st. ; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; ralald at 3c.
BTRATTON, 3 Eighth St. ; t.l. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
ft.; cleaning 3c a yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden j
Oat" aye.: tel. East 126.
STORAGE.
: E-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.. |
office Tenth and Market: telephone South 166.
FURNITURE; trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
ape Warehouse. 'B4o Mission Ft.; tel. Mint 1821.
4 MARKET ST.— Bran office of The Call.
".•yant nds and subscription* taken.
. SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer and White
___heap; pairing guaranteed. 1915 • lion st. i
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold; I
I machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45. |
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; ,
repaJrlnn at lowest rates. 2'),'. Fourth St.
T WRITERS.
ALL ty p. writers sold and rented; few partly
u Sf<i tor Lie cheap: send for samples and
ALEXANDERS CO., 110 Montgomery.
Hammond, $35: Caligraph. $25; Bllck.
'-' . :f J; get samples. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery. |
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— BARGAIN unsurpassed and unequaled;
groceries, candles, branch bakery, notions,
stationery, etc. store, with 4 living rooms, on
principal street, offered for sale at posi-
tively less than invoice value of stock; own-
er there 6 years and must sell at once on
account of departure for East; business
speaks for itself; rent only $15. M. LESS
765 Market st.
$250— SALOON near largest public building of
city, where thousands transact business dally;
neat, attractive place, getting large share of
patronage. LESS, 765 Market Bt.
$2SOO— CORNER saloon; down town; on Market
St.: no competition: doing excellent business;
room for large increase; could be enlarged
Into wholesale and retail liquor concern; no
better location in town for such purpose;
sickness cause sale. LESS, 765 Market st.
$1000— GROCERY and bar; "best corner on
Fourth st.; rent only $30; good horse and
wagon; large slock; big bar trade; an Al
offer: worth looking into. M. LESS, 765 Mar-
ket st.
STAURANT near East St.; fine trade,
both transient and regular; supplying crews,
etc.; private rooms for captains and officers;
money making concern; best on city front.
M. LESS. 765 Market St.
$150— MARKET-ST. cigar store; central; neat,
Inviting stand; bound to draw custom; rent
$12 50; laundry office attached pays rent; an
unprecedented offer; an unequaled sacrifice;
departure for East cause of sale. M LESS
765 Market St., opp. Pheland building.
A— s6ooo; bakery; one of the oldest and best-
known bakeries of this city, doing a large,
first-class paying business; 6 horses, 3 wag-
ons: using dally 12 barrels of flour; sickness
of owner compels sale. Particulars WILKE,
S4o Market st.
ARTNER wanted in a saloon and lodg-
Ing-house; located on water front; doing a
paying business all the time and a rushing
trade with navigators; too much business for
one man; Investigate at once; a fine business
opening. WILKE & CO.. 545 Market st.
$500— GERMAN boarding-house, with saloon; 9
furnished rooms: rent $20; surrounded by iron
foundries; a first-class opening and rare
chance. \\ ILKE, £45 Market st.
$SCO— RESTAURANT and chophousa: doing a !
lirst-class paying business; close to Market
and 2d sts.; low rent; Investigate; owner
must leave at once and no reasonable offer
refused. Call on R. G. WILKE. 846 Market.
A— s4oo; PARTNER in first-class paying busT
ness, on Koarny St.. near Market, clearing
easily $200 per month; no opposition; a rare
chance. For particulars. WILKE, 845 Market.
HIGHEST cash prices paid for restaurants
saloons, fixtures, grocery stocks. STENBERG
& CO., 26V* Kearny st.
A STENBERQ a. TO
26 ; i Kearny st., near Market.
Fine liquor store $1,200
Restaurant, near carhouse 300
Corner eery and bar: bargain 400 I
Old established carpet beating works.... 1,200 i
Saloon, opposite the ferry 200 ;
Candy factory and Ice cream parlor 600 i
Branch bakery; must be sold 200 !
$450— CORNER grocery and bar; big paying:
living rooms; sacrifice account of death in
family. STENBERG & CO., 26>,» Kearny.
$6»0— Grocery and bar; principal street; full
value In stock; 2 blocks of City Hall: a bar-
paln. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$125— Saloon and wine house; paying business.
McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$2i.0-SALOON: half price this day. McLAUGH- I
LIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$400— PARTNER wanted In the manufacturing ,
of staple goods; steady man required. Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$3i'oo— BAZAAR, plumbing and tinware busi-
ness: stock worth price: selling on account
of departure. McLAUGHLIN, 23 Kearny st.
$600— WILL secure partnership In business In i
live town near city doing $650 monthly; no j
opposition; must be man of strict Integrity
and a baker: refs. given and required: fullest
investigation courted. City Agency, 8&0 Mkt.
$200— FRUIT and vegetable stand; Western Ad-
dition; $12 day guaranteed; trial given; a bar-
gain. City Agency, 850 Market st.
$SOO— GROCERY and bar; living rooms; fine
location; established many years; cash and
easy terms. City Agency, $50 Market st.
CANDY manufactory and Ice cream par-
lor; elegant soda fountain; near theaters.
KKEDO & CO.
A — CANDY and Ice cream parlor; elegant fix-
tures; good business; make offer. KREDO
& CO. i
A— MEAT market; $2000 monthly; nothing bet- I
ter lor practical butcher; make offer. KRE-
A— FI RST-CLASS restaurant on Market; $250;
$150 cash. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st. j
A— RESTAURANT and building; long lease, j
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
$3CO— PARTNER wanted; light business; Indoor
work: no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary Ft, room 2.
$200— GREAT sacrifice; fish market; fine busi-
ness; 3 living rooms; low rent. BASILE, 87314
Market st.
BUSINESS man of some means wishes to in-
vest in some established business wnere ser-
vices are an object; city or country; no i
agents. Address box 332. Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale; one of the best loca-
tions in the city; south of Market st. ; on ac-
count of sickness. Inquire at 258 Minna st.
$150— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions and
hardware; nice trade; rare chance and cheap.
4301 Eighteenth St., near Castro.
FOR SALE— fine restaurant in gdod location
and doing a good business. Inquire at 216
E. Main st., Stockton.
BAKERY: fine counter trade; best location In j
Western Addition; sacrifice. 3025 Sacramento.
CORNER grocery and saloon for sale
Box 431, Call office.
FOR SALE— Cheap; a fruit store. 267 Third.
BARBER shop for sale. 436 Bush st.
FOR Bale— Cigar store. Corner Sixteenth and
Mission st 9.
FOR Bale— Fine saloon; cheap. 422 Kearny st. !
2000 RES of coal land in one body on Coos !
Bay, Oregon, lying south of and joining the
Newport Tract, the best known and most
successfully worked vein In Southern Oregon. !
It lies 3Vi miles from deep water at the en-
trance of Coos Bay proper, with a depth of
2.". feel of water, with good anchorage and
the best natural advantages for a coaling
station on the Pacific Coast. This tract con-
tains two veins, the upper at an average '
depth of 150 feet, 4 feet in thickness; the sec- i
ond vein, 150 feet lower, averaging 6 feet, and
known as the Newport vein. Notwithstanding
the depth of these veins there is free drain-
age to three-fourths of the field. There is also
timber enough on the tract for all mining
purposes. For further particulars apply to
NEIL MUNRO, box 16, Marshfield, Or.
A— sl7s cash will buy one of the nicest little
restaurants In San Francisco; positively given :
away; see it; a Knap for some live man and
wife; owner not understanding the business
cause of selling. Address Owner, box 243, Call j
Office, city; no agents.
BEST-PAYING restaurant In Oakland; proml-
nently located corner 2 principal streets; no
opposition; clearing $200 a month; sacrificed
for $6iO; reason for selling, owner compelled
to go to Europe; trial given before buying.
Address Owner, Call office, Oakland.
A LADY or gentleman having capital and '
wants to invest In a paying business write to
Charles Knapp, 1056% Folsom st.; something
new. |
CANDY and cigar store; 3 living rooms; j
furniture; cheap rent; sacrifice; sickness
cause of sale; with or without furniture. 628
Third st.
BAKERY and candy store; No. 1 location; cash i
trade; also spring wagon, cabinet-maker's
bench and foot-power circular saw 1601
Brush Ht., Oakland.
EOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take i
long-used shop In center of town St. Helena: I
, German preferred: rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON. St. Helena.
FOR sale— Restaurant; best location; paying
cash trade; owner has other business to at-
tend to. J., box 5, Call office, Oakland.
CORNER grocery, saloon and furniture; no
opposition; fine location; apply by letter.
G. C, box 59. Call Office.
FOR SALE— Fine grocery and bar; cheap. In-
quire Call Office.
1150- Restaurant; 511 Castro; a bargain;
must sell. Apply 827 Mission st.
FOR SALE— HaIf interest 3-chair barber shop;
cheap. 19 Mason st.
ACROSS bay laundry: horse, wagon and im-
plements; cheap: must be sold on account of
departure. Address box 303, Berkeley.
FOR SALE— ISo barber shop, 2 chairs, fine fix-
tures; best location; good paying business.
M YSEL. 1504 Park St.. Alameda.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap on account of
sickness. > 137 Fourth st.
BRANCH bakery, notion and candy store; 2
living rooms; $150. 866% Filbert st.
$800— ROAD house and merchandise store on
• main road near mines; worth double; party
having two places. Inquire 1633 Sutter St.
FOR SALE— Stationery, Cigars and News
Agency; a bargain; cheap rent. Address F.,
Box ISO. Call.
GOOD grocery and saloon in Hayes Valley for
gale. Apply Call office.
FIRST-CLASS butcher business for sale cheap
on account of sickness. Apply at once box
138, Call office.
ENTERPRISING man can secure an increas-
ing income of $500 yearly for a loan of $300.
Call room 20. 12 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
HALF or whole interest 'in good paying butcher
■hop; cash business; elegant fixtures; central
location. D., box 3. Call office. Oakland.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1898.
BUSINESS CHANCES—
$200— SALOON; billiard table and 7 furnished
rooms; cheap rent. OLSON, 309 Third st.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR SALE— Trip to Dawson City and a year's
provisions. Apply at 1801 Market ft.
HOUSES TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW house, 4 rooms and baeement:
210^ Perry st. ; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
BUSH, 2132— House of 11 sunny rooms; rent $35;
all modern Improvements.
ELEGANT S-rcom houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market st.
ELLIS, 1472, near Buchanan— 6 r. and b. and
planked basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye., nr. Webster— r. and
b. ; modern Improvements; $60.
OAK. 421— Stylish Eastlake residence, 8 rooms
and bath; latest Improvements: $35.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$60— ELEGANT corner house; 10 rooms, bath
and basement; hot-air heaters throughout.
425 Baker St., cor. Grove; call bet. 10 and 4.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEWLY renovated cottages, 5 rooms, bath;
basement; yard; cheap. 1576 15th, nr. Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL flat, 8 rooms, bath; every conve-
nlence; $30. 1505 Geary st.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished; hall; gas; $18; water free.
FLAT of 6 sunny rooms; also cottage, 4 rooms.
second st. and Rlncon aye.
FOLSOM, 930, bet. 6th and 6th— 6 r. and b.; $14.
ABHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
FULTON, 118— Fine sunny middle flat, 7 rooms
and bath; near City Hall; $28.
HOWARD, Ss2— Brick bldg; 5 r. and b. ; $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
LANGTON, 37— sunny flat, 5 rooms and
bath.
116% Perry st : $10; flat, 4 rooms.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., 63S Market.
MCALLISTER, 1263— Nice, clean, convenient
upper flat, 7 rooms, bath: appreciated If seen.
MCALLISTER, 1723, nr. Broderick— r. and b. ;
rent $25. ASHTON CO.. 411 Montgomery st.
SUNNY comer flat of 6 rooms and bath: rent
reduced to $17 50. 458 Halght. cor. Flllmore.
SUTTER, 16138, nr. Octavia— r. and b. ; $30.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
VALENCIA, 469. nr. 16th— 6 r. and b. ; rent $16.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery Et.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$20— NEW choice Funny flat; all latest improve-
ments. 1708 Hyde St., near Broadway.
43 FURNISHED houses and flats, from 3 to 30
rooms, In all parts of the city. A. M. SPECK
& CO.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALASKA PLACE, B, off Ma^n^TT)elo^Bay~st!
— 1 or 2 furn. rooms; housekeeping; $4 each.
AT 62 Second— Nice single, double and light
hnusekpg rms; week, $1 to $2 50; day, 25 to 50c.
BUCHANAN. 602, corner Fell— Sunny bay-win-
dows and kitchens, other rooms; $6 to $9.
FIFTH. Clean sunny housekeeping rooms;
double parlor, kitchen and bath; also single.
FILLMORE, 1219— Furnished housekeeping and j
single rooms to let.
FOLSOM, — 2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; iras stove; bath; running
water; no children.
GEARY, 656 — Elegant sunny parlors; piano;
other suites, double and single; light house-
keeping.
GROVE, 860— Two unfurnished rooms.
HARRIETT, 3. oft Howard— 2 sunny furnish-
ed housekeeping rooms; also single bedroom;
cheap.
HOWARD, 525 — Pleasant sunny rooms furnish-
ed complete for housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Finely furnish-
ed rooms, first floor: also housekeeping rms.
HOWARD, 1113V4— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms, $1 up.
JESSIE, 255—1 or 2 front rooms complete for
housekeeping: separate entrance; no children.
LAFAYETTE, 31. bet. Eleventh and Twelfth
rts.— 4 sunny rooms; rent $12.
LARKIN, 327, cor. Golden Gate— Nice sunny
room, $7: also housekeeping suite; gas stove.
LARKIN, So4— Large sunny front furnished, $8; j
large back. $6; also 2 housekeeping, $3.
MINNA, Furnished housekeeping rooms;
piano free.
MINNA, lim— Nice furnished bay-window
suite, with piano; cheap.
MINNA, 34'» 11 v — Large front sunny double room:
also housekeeping room for rent; $6 and $5 per
month.
MINNA, — To let, furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
MISSION, f:5l, near Second— Large front room
and kitchen furnished for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1129— Newly furnished light house-
keeping and others.
MISSION, 1416— Unfurnished large sunny j
rooms; connecting or single.
I POLK, Large sunny neat alcove room and
kitchen; large closets at back; $18.
SECOND, 515 — A sunny furnished floor, 3 rooms
an dbath; rent $14.
SHIPLEY, 261— Four rooms: $6. Apply premises
or 1161 Guerrero; no children; no animals.
THIRD. 309— Large furnished room for house-
keeping, $6 to $7: single front room, $5 to $6.
TURK, Lnree front room: stove; com- j
plete for housekeeping; gas and bath: $10.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
LUWKK floor. 3 clean sunny rooms; separate
entrance; nice grounds; central. 615 15th st.
ROOMS TO LET.
A— SELECT home Hotel Florence 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell: elevator; baths; best attention.
APARTMENTS: quiet, homelike; reasonable:
Com. Transfer Co.. 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tol. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Nice sunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonaole.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Two blocks from princi-
pal hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
CENTRAL, nicely furnished; full of roomers;
16- r. house; paying. Shoe store. 250 O'Farrell.
DELAWARE, 1432 Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
! EDDY, — Sunny suite and single rooms;
. newly furnished.
' ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $3 week.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl week and up;
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
! GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— furnished
1 rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRAUD House, cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
sunny rms. ; also housekpng. ; very reasonable.
1 GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
| GRAND SOUTHERN, 8. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT, Furnished sunny front bay win-
dow rooms; double and single; $2 50 per
week up.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect; terms reasnble.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
LKAVENWORTH. 1318 — Elegantly furnished
Bunny suite; also front alcove room for gen-
tlemen; references; terms reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 220V4— Nicely furnished single
and double rms.; reasonable; opp. City Hall.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Sunny room; running
water; gas; $6. .■;.::.•
OAK, 119 — Small furnished front room suitable
for one or two; $5.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st 7
near — Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH. 2902, corner Howard—
sunny front room, furnished; $'>.
SITTER, 1123— Large sunny parlor, with or
without board.
TAYLOR, 706— A small sunny room for gentle-
man.
TURK, 127— Large front sunny room for an
office; also housekeeping.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH, 822— Elegantly furnished front sunny
bay-window room; first-class board; home
cooking; gas; bath; running water; piano; use
of private team; telephone; summer rates.
GEARY court, 10, between Jones and Leaven-
worth— Two nice sunny rooms, with or with-
out board; private family; bath and gas;
terms reasonable.
HYDE, UCs(Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
baih, gas. telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
FOLSOM, .".11— Swedish private bearding, with
room, <4 to $5 per week; nice location.
LOVELY sunny rooms for 2 or 3; board; pri-
vate. 3W2 California Bt.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Mark't-pt. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
SUTLER. 112S— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
first-class family board; nice grounds; rea-
sonable.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Select femlly board-
Ing house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE Blngham, SO7 California— Sunny rooms
with good board; reasonable; home cooking.
VAN NESS aye., SOS— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD or two to board; terms reasonable.
Apply 3255 Twenty-second St.
ONE child boarded: lovely home and mother's
care. Box 538, Call.
FRENCH lady boards children or Infant;
mother's care; nice home. 1107 Clay st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
STORES TO LET.
CITY Hall square. 17— Large light store; $50.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
TI'RK. 422. near Larkin— Store; $16. ASHTON
A GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
CORNER store on Geary »t.. near Taylor; rent
reduced. Apply 544 Geary st.
MARKET. 1704— Part of hair-dressing store ;
reasonable; opposite Tenth st.
SMALL country store to rent; cheap. Apply
to FKPEI'.rriKL. 636 Market St.
6 F FIC E S TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market st—
Lit! l cheerful oflU't >, fls to $20.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building—
Elegant offices for rent.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
ng, assaying, eU\ : 20 teachers; UOO grad-
uates place.! since I*t2: catalogue.
NKW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform or
stage use, taught by Mrs. Kirn-aid at her
School ol Elocution and Expression. Alcazar
b'.iil.!i:iK, l'Jn 1 I'Farrell ?t.
AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
MR. AND MRS. l>icKixioN'S Academy. 1247
Franklin .st. ; co-edui-atlonal boarding and day
sch-ool; complete English. French, German
and Spanish education, art, $30.
UNI V ERSITY coast— Newell Perry. Ph. 8., Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Athorton,
nr. Charming way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay. archit. ; day & eve. ;
• I 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, <<33 Market.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
; antomime ai .1 na« ■ to hnirjue. Sl4 < ieary Bt
BHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references,
private lemons; terms jl". 712 Van Ness aye.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
:-.un-' as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some g0,,,l pianos for 13. $4 and
» per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
BtS., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSoLfTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLF.R & CHASES,
26. 2* and 3u O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other music.il Instruments of all
grades and prices; terms easy; prices low-
est; everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEAUTIFUL $350 piano, walnut case, finest
condition. $185 cash; party must sell. BENJ.
CURT AZ & SON, 16-18-20 O'Farrell St., Chick-
erlng agents.
LADY who has gone East left fine upright
piano for sale; best offer takes it. J. DEW-
[NG CO., second floor, flood building.
WE invite critical examination; new 6tore, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary St.;
corner Grant aye., Conover agents.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market^
ELEGANT new pianos for rent, $250 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes St.
PIANOS, groat sacrifice this week; only $30.
$40. $50. $75. $140. 1131% Mission St.
A— sS."; FINE-TONED piano, first-class condi-
tion; must sell. 1361 Folsom St.. cor. Tenth.
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister Rt.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. IM Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents. $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
Ft., next Hlbernta Hank. Ki'HMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER * CHASE, SO O'Farrell st.
BUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER. makf-r. repairer, 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN *• DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR SALE — 20 head hortses; must be sold. Ap-
ply Tomklnson's Livery Stable, 57-61 Minna
st.. between F"irst and Second.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Saies
Yards, 220 Valencia st.
HORSES! and wagon for camping for sale
■ cheap. Apply 712 Polk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
AN elegant wedding present — Six coin silver ta-
ble and teaspoons, forks and knives in box
perfectly new: cost at Shreve's $100; will be
sold for $43. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, 11-noleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND pipe, 3, 4 and 6 inches, for
water, gas or oil. W. F. THOMPSON, 40
Main st.
A FINE thing for a present; full line of
gruphuphoriPs. $10 each and upward. PIERCE
& CO., 313 Ernjiorlum building.
TWO fresh milch cows for sole. 217 Hearst
aye., Sunny Side.
THOROUGHBRED Japanese pug; also a pup
8 weeks old; cheap. 5398 Second st.
SECOND-HAND lumber; 2xlo, 2xB, 2x6, 2x3.
Buchanan St., near Jackson.
GOOD horse and buggy and harness for sale
cheap. Apply 645 McAllister st.
SALE or exchange for Pteam plant; lumber or
spring wagons, buggy or harness. 209 Dorland.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records. $5 per dozen;
projectoscope, $IhO. Baclgalupl, <»3S-S4ii Market.
FOR sale Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon. 1802 Seventh St., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS windmill, 2 largo tanks, brass
pump, pipes, etc. 711 Treat aye.
BOILER, 42x14, with steam drum, complete;
will test to 175 pounds. WHITE. 616 Mission.
$137 50— FISHER upright piano; good condition;
$10 down and $5 a month. 225 Sutter st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
SCALE, safe, coffee-mill, desk, letter press,
cheap, at 621 Mission st.
J. U. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787 v
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES, new and second hand, cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second hand; all
sizee; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission st., nr. Seventh.
PERSONALS.
LOfJ— Saturday night; 8 o'clock; same place
GENTLEMAN wishes to meet honorable young
lady; pretty, refined, well educated; object
matrimony; means not necessary. Box 309,
Call of flee. _____
MY wife, CATARINA MORTE, having left
my bed and board, I will not be responsible
for any debts contracted by her. WILLIAM
DELLA MORTE, 723 Green St. _____
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal teacher, 1236 Market
St., Is preparing for different concerts and
operatic performances of next season, where
several of his pupils will sing leading parts:
participants of a large mixed chorus class
pay $1 monthly in advance.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
PROFESSOR AND MRS. FOSTER wish their
friends and pupils to know they are still con-
ducting their dancing school at Mozart Hall.
135S Market st ; dancing classes every Tuesday
and Thursday; social dances every Wednesday
and Saturday: the waltz and reverse posi-
tively guaranteed. _
THE best hair dressing for the least money of
any place in the city, 25c only; hair restored
to its natural color for $1 50 up; good
switches, $1; finest, ,$3 50: extra, $5. Open
Sunday, 9 to 12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, JR2 Castro st.. Oak-
land; treatment, $2 50; reliable practitioner.
USE Quinonia and have a fine head of hair. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframod; framing with glass 7x9 inches,
10c: SxlO and 10x12, 15c: 11x14 and 12x16. 20c;
14x17, 25c: 16x20. 30?: 18x22, 35c; 20x24, 45c: 22x
28, 60c; curtain poles complete. 15c; rm. mold-
lng.all colors. lc ft;open eve. Jones, s47 Mission.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Thlrc! Ft., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per nieht- «1 R0 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
J. HAUPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 1036
Market: hairdreeslng. popular prices.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
Si'ITS to order on easy Instalments. L.
T MOS. 1117 Mnri-et St.. bet 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISjpO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 "f arket st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dreses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st. , rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROF. M. OMAR,
THE OCCULT WONDER,
Can tell your mother's maiden name; name
of your sweetheart or husband; full name of
every caller. Invaluable advice on all affairs
of life, law, business, love, marriage, di-
vorce, etc. Unites the separated. cau»e3
speedy marriage. Satisfaction guaranteed or
no fee accepted. 325 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market st.
(Vendome butldinc)— Trance medium; unites
the separated: changes luck; locates burled
treasures; letters answered; Inclose stamp.
MME. PORTFR. wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight; diagnose diseac". full life reading; la.
50c. gents $1: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR fortune by planets; predict-
ed in '74 overdue stmr. people on Island. 23Vi
Sixth, room 6.
WILL be absent from city for short time: j
watch for anm.unopmpnt of my return. MRS. 1
DR. F. CLARK. 1208 Market St.
MME. MOREAXT. best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 FourthSJst., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 2".c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRP. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
I teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future: 25c. 14S Plxth st.. room 10.
1 MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fpscion: nevpr falls: ndvtre: h«lp. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
CIRCLES. 8 p. m. MRS. MARTIN, 360 Grove
st.: readings daily.
I MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st.; read-
Ings, $1; cir. Tues., Fri.. 2 p. m,; Sat. 8; 25c.
M. FRANCES. Indpppndent slate writing me-
j dlum. 118 Haight st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212% Sixth St.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busl-
npsf> medium. 232 PtorVtnn ft.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Lecture Sunday eve. 305
Larkin: readings dally at res., 35.1 Gpary st.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
B0 years' practice; safe and quick eur^ guar-
anteed; any diseases or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delloscv, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122S Market
Bt. ; pills, $1; very strong. $2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases o7
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safo and sine at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
travelers helped at once: home in confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential; self cure, $,'>; pills, Jl.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure: no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, fl 60 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used: restores In one day without fail;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home: pills and capsules. $1; cure $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT thnt restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office. $.". ; travelers helped instantly:
home for pp.tients; consult free: confidential.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
LADIES wishing secrecy during confinement
can find good home and treatment by Mrs.
M. Karr, 2511 Fulton st ; McAllister car passes
house.
A BOON to w!vps and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 B0: RICHARDS .»;• CO.. 406 Clay st.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., r,.?l X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OPGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
DR. HALL, 1228 Market St., diseases of women
and children.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement:
treatment, $2 50. 862 Castro st., Oakland.
MRS. ARCHBARD, midwife: home In conflne-
mpnt; confinement alonp, $5. 156 Second st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law n specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, £50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, H27 Market St.
ALL private law cases, insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. AttyMeCabe. 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Ppreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free: no fees in advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F
STACK. 14 McAllister st.; room 64.
LEGAL NOTICES^
NOTICE to creditors.— Estate of JANE C
TEMPLE, deceased. Notice I* hereby given
by the undersigned administratrix of the es-
tate of JANE C. TEMPLE, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them
with the necessary vouchers within four
months after the first publication of this no-
tice to the said administratrix at the office
of M. Stuart Taylor. City Hall, Alameda,
which the said office the undersigned se-
lects as her place of business in all matters
connected with said estate of JANE C. TEM-
PLE, deceased.
MARTHA E. SCHILLER, administratrix of
the estate of JANE C. TEMPLE, deceas-d
Dated Alameda. June 30, 189 S.
M. STUART TAYLOR, attorney for estate.
NOTICE to creditors— Estate of JAMES E.
. HOWLAND, deceased. Notice Is hereby given
by the undersigned administratrix of the above-
named deceased, to the creditors of, and a'l
persons having claims agalnat the SHld de-
ceased, to exhibit them with the necessary
Vouchers, within four months after the first i
publication of this notice, to the said adminis- i
tratiix. at the office of James Boyes A. Co.,
108 Clay st., the same being the place for the
transaction of the business of the said es-
tate in the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California.
ALICE B. CHIPPERFIELD, administra-
trix of the estate of the above-named de-
ceased.
Dated San Francisco, June 30. IS9B.
R. D. DUKE, attorney for administratrix.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— Twenty-first St.. near~Bryant7~7-
room cottage; open to-day from 1 to 4 p. m.
J. FLAHERTY, builder, 1207 Market nr. Bth.
TWO flats for sale on 2936 California st., near
Baker. Inquire at 308 Pacific st., cheap.
PLANS, specifications, etc. .submitted for any
kind of building. W. W. RiSDNALL. builder,
1326 Hayes.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$S 50 PER acre— Fine grain ranch, 6SO acres;
all level and half Is rich bottom land; some
large oak trees; house of 7 rooms; large
barns; this Is one of the best bargains of-
fered. GAMAN & LYON. 215 Kearny st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$75 UPWARD; lots in the Allendale Tract, East
Oakland; $5 cash, $5 monthly.
$4."0 for a 4-room cottage; terms to suit.
$125 upward— Lots In Galindo Tract, East
Oakland; nothing like these lots for double the
money anywhere; but a few left and must be
sold; fine schoolhouse; 2 electric car lines;
streets all graded and macadamized; city water
and sewer; nice homes surrounding. Call or
send for circular, 455 Seventh st., cor. Broad-
way, Oakland. H. Z. JONES, owner.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association, 1151 Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
Lots from $150 up.
Houses, 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Call and see our list.
$900—5 ROOMS; lot 50x133 In Oakland; worth
$1600; see it at once; terms easy. E. E.
BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public; property looked after. 814 Broadway.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE: 9 rooms; bath; barn; largo lawn:
tennis court; conservatory; :ent '•heap; cen-
tral: 689 24th st.. nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 16*2 Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms with board; quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline St., Oakland.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
NEWLY furnished sunny bay-window rooms
and offices. 476 13th St., corner Washington.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
F^JR^JmjßiE^G^oT^in^cheap! hT^BCHELL^
HAAS' old store. 40S Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATK.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$1300— 33:4x100; neat house; 4 rooms and
bath; any terms.
$1500— Lot 25x150; nice house; 8 rooms and
bath: any terms.
$2200— Lot 25x147; nice new shingled 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath.
$1500 — Lot 40x100; 2-story; 7 rooms; worth
$2500.
$2£o0 — Lot 42x150; elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$3000— Lot 42x150; fine NW. corner; 7 rooms
and bath: new and modern.
Lot 100x145; elegant corner lot, with 9 rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well located; near school and station;
street work done. Apply at once to
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
Houses to let. . 1432 Park st., Alameda.
$800— LOT 50 feet front, weßt side Grand St.;
$1250, lot Alnmeda aye. and Paru St.; $1200,
new 5-room cottage on Grand St.; $3000, new
7-room house, west side Lafayette St., near
San Antonio aye. ; $1000, 10 acres, right at
Fruitvale; also chicken ranch; bargains In
all parts of Alameda. ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
FOR sale Immediately, cheap, house and lot
35x115; 5 rooms and bath; all new Improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station: 1825
Pacific aye., Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER.
Alimcia.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— s2ooo, 8-room house, lot 60x
.137:6, rented for $22; 1 block from station: tlso
B-room cottage, $1350. FREESE & CODING-
TON. 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
. PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
A COTTAGE In Los Gatos for rooming-house.
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st. .- .--,.
A FINE house and lot In Oakland (clear) for
San Francisco property: will assume mort-
gage. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st.
A— WILL sell or trade for a lodging house, a
new and second-hand store; central. ROGERS
& HYDE, 1206 Market St.
71 BY 137^ feet: San Jose, near Normal and
High schools: for San Francisco property.
Box 200, Call office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
LOT wanted suitable for coal yard, about 40
feet front; south of Market, east of Main St.:
owner to make improvements; long lease will
be taken. Address, stating terms, box 295,
Call office. -
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. T., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest ratis, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., abova
Sixth; telephone South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed pa^tt,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
sti'.ctly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUG AN & CO., 230 Kearny St., upstairr.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland : no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private part". BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6. per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery rm. 3.
SECOND mortgages & undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS. — ~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
.1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
PROPOSALS^ ~
PROPOSALS— For the leasing for five years of
two blocks of land, known as "Market
Places," bounded by Channel, Irwln, Hud-
son and Fifth streets. Office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, July 19, 1898:
In accordance with Resolution No. 892
(Fourth Series), of the Board of Supervisors,
sealed proposals will be received In open ses-
sion of the Board of Supervisors on Monday
afternoon, July 25, 1898, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock
for the leasing, for a term of five (5) years,
the two blocks of city property situated on
the south side of Channel street, and known
as "Market Places," bounded by Channel,
Irwln, Hudson and Fifth streets, under the
following conditions, to wit:
CONDITIONS— lessee shall, where
necessary, fill in the said blocks, and the
said blocks must be to the official grade at
the expiration of the lease.
That in no event will the city and county
agree to give an entrance or approach by
land to the said property, as the lessee will
be required to procure a right-of-way by
land, if desired or required, at his own cost
and charge.
The lessee will be required to give a bond
In the sum of five thousand ($3,000 00) dollars
with two good and sufficient sureties thereon
that the conditions herein required will be
strictly complied with, and on failing to com-
ply with any of the said conditions, then the
said lease shall thereupon terminate and be
of no force or effect, and the amount of said
bond shall be forfeited, and shall be paid or
collected by suit for the city and county as
liquidated damages for such failure and neg-
lect.
All Improvements made by the lessee on
said blocks shall at the expiration of the
lease revert to the city and county.
Bidders will estimate and state the amount
they will pay monthly aH rental for the two
blocks jointly, with the distinct understand-
ing that the lease will be made to the highest
bidder therefor, and that the payments on
said lease shall be f made monthly to the
Mayor of this city and county.
The party to whom the lease may be
granted will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of the lease, to pay
the cost of advertising this notice In three
dally newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
Hate the granting of the lease, the Board has
resoLved to receive no bids unless made upon
blank forms prepared by the committee and
a certified check for the sum of one thousand
($1,000) dollars deposited by' the bidder with
and made payable to the Clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, conditioned if the proposal
be accepted and the lease granted; and if the
bidder shall fail or neglect to pay the print-
ing charges and sign the agreement, and give
the required bond within six days after the
said lease is granted, . then and In that case
the said sum shall.be paid Into the City and
County Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so require.
■; :v-V: v-V - . JNO. A. 'RUSSELL. Clerk. j
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Batttsto Ruglero and Frangesca Plppa. 30-27
Vlncenzo Pagano and Matalena Papa 23-15
Elmer H. Ollphant and Lizzie Gardner 24-24
Howard C. Murray and Elsie C. Hanson 21-21
Morris Mirnoff and Bertha R. Schneider.. 22-19
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
D'ANCONA— In this city, July 20, 1898, to the
wife of Dr. A. A. D'Ancona, a son.
DALY— In this city, July 18,' IS9S, to the wife
of John W. Daly, a son.
ROBBINS— In this city. July 20. 1898, to the
wife of G. Burr Robblns, a son.
SMITH— In this city, July 11, 1898, to the wife
of Fred M. Smith, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BEHRINGER— ECCLES— JuIy 19, 1898, by the
Rev. Paul Branke, Frederick Behringer and
Lizzie Eccles.
DUCK — STECKLER — In this city. July 16,
IS9S, by the Rev. Clarence T. Wilson. William
L. Duck and Frieda Steckler. both of San
Francisco.
MILLER— PETERS— In this city. July 20, IS9B,
by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. John I. J.
Miller and Tlllle B. Peters, both of San
Francisco.
ROBERTS— MILLER— In this city. July IS,
IS9S, by the Rev. Clarence T. Wilson. Jesse
E. Roberts of Benicia, Cal., and Alice M.
Miller of San Francisco.
DIED.
Biggins, Magdalen Hughes, Sarah H.
Brittain, May Kendall. John P.
Oastlen, Helen Lamkin, Mrs. Anna
Ciasby. Rose McKlnnon. Lillian A.
Cole, Nancy Martin, Horace H.
Eaton, William L. Palmer, James W.
Ellinger, Theresa Robins, Fred
Ely, George Ruegg, Anna
Hall, Mrs. Sarah A. Rupinskj, August
Hallanan. John Streltberger, C.
Heaney, Angela B.
BIGGINS —In this city, Magdalen, infant
daughter of John and Mary Biggins.
BRITTAIN— In this city, July 20, 1898, May,
dearly beloved wife of William Brittain,
mother of Alvina Brittain, daughter of Julia
and the late John F. Mead, and sister of Mrs.
J. W. Hennessy and Leslie, Katie, Michael,
John, Willie and Winnie Mead, and niece
of Mrs. M. Brennan and the late Michael
Mead, a native of South English, lowa, aged
21 years 8 months and 20 days.
E7"Frlends amd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother, 3247 Mission streeet,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CASTLEN— In Napa City, July IS, 1898, Helen,
daughter of Edward B. and Harriet Gift
Castelen, aged 2 years and 8 days.
CLASBY— this city, July 20, 1898, Rose,
mother of William J. and James E. Ciasby,
a native of Killala, County Mayo, Ireland,
aged 70 years.
ID' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 21 Goettlngen street, off San Bruno
road, near Silver avenue, thence to All Hal-
lows' Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
COLE— In Oakland, July 19, 1398, Nancy, be-
loved wife of Lev! F. Cole, and mother of
Mrs. Maurice A. Shean, Mrs. Rose McCum-
isky, Mrs. Walter Malloy. Mrs. Frank Mc-
Evoy and Charles H. Cole, a native of Ire-
land, aged 73 years 8 months :.nd 9 days.
(Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
IDTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. M. A. Shean, 1051 Poplar
street, Oakland, thence to St. Ignatius Church,
San Francisco, where a solemn requiem high
mas 3 will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
EATON— In this city, July 20, 1898. William
L., father of W. G. Eaton, and brother of
Walter D. Eaton and Florence Herrinu, a
native of Dexter, Me., aged 72 years 1
month and 9 days. (Boston and Maine pa-
pers please copy.
IC?" Friends and n*-uaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday*, at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
A. R. McDonald, 2424 Pine street. Interment
private, Masonic Cemetery.
ELLINGER— In this city, July 20. 1898, The-
resa Ellinger, beloved mother of Maurice,
Louis and Mary Ellinger and Mrs. Ray Hal-
ford of Columbus, Ohio, a native of Switzer-
land, aged 6S years 2 months and 9 days.
CTTriendsand acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 7 o'clock, at the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary street.
Interment Stockton, Cal.
ELY— In the City and » County Hospital, July
20, George Ely.
HALL— In Melrose, Alameda County, July 13,
1898, Mrs. Sarah A., beloved wife of the late
Benjamin Hall, and mother of Mrs. •M. A.
Colbert, Sarah J. Hecox, William Morris and
. Edward and Benjamin Hall, a native of Eng-
land, aged 68 years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Craig & Cochran Company, 22 Mint
avenue. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HALLANAN— In this city. July 21. 1898, John
Hallanan, a native of County Galway, -Ire-
land, aged 69 years.
[CTRemair.s at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
HEANEY— In this city, July 20, 1898, at the
home of her parents, 4249 Twenty-third
street, between Diamond and Douglass, An-
gela Beatrice, beloved daughter of James W.
and Maggie Heaney, and granddaughter of
Mrs. M. Dowan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 11 months and 27 days.
< Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the home of her
parents, 4249 Twenty-third street, thence to
St. James Church, corner Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets, where services will be held,
commencing at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
HUGHES— In this city, July 20, IS9B, Sarah
H. Hughes, formerly Sarah H. Cook, at the
residence of her daughter, Mrs. Laura
Young, SOfi Leavenworth street. (Brooklyn
and New York papers please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvltM to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. L. Young. 806% Leav-
enworth street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
KENDALL— In this city, July 20, 1898, John
P. Kendall, brother of J. W. Kendall, aged
45 years.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LAMKIN— In San Jose, July 20. 1898, Mrs.
Anna, beloved wife of John B. Lamkin,
daughter of Jacob and Elizabeth Boscken.
and sister of Henry, William ana ; Joseph
Bofcken, aged S3 years.
IE?" The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 540 South Ninth street, San Jose.
McKINNON— In this city, July 19, 1838. Lillian
Anastatia, beloved daughter of Russell and
Mary McKlnnon, and sister of Rose and
Genevieve McKlnnon, a native of San Fran-
clftco, aged 3 months and IS days.
MARTIN— In this city, July 21, 1898. Horace
H Martin, beloved brother of Russell R. and
Lucien L. Martin, a' native of San Francisco,
aged 28 years.
ET Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the undertaking parlors of H. C. Bunker
6 Co.. 2666 Mleslon street. Mission Masonic
Temple.
PALMER— In Oakland, July 21, 1898, James W.
Palmer, father of J. I. and O. B. Palmer, a
native of Morristown, N. J.. aged 69 years
7 months and 12 days.
[C^ Funeral private.
ROBINS— In this city. July 19. IS9£, Fred Rob-
Ins, a native of Plymouth, England. - ,;•?■;
IC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
RUEGG— In this city, at the residence of her
parents, IS4 Preclta avenue, Anna, dearly be-
loved daughter of Frank and Maria Ruegg,
and dearly beloved sister of Maria, Louisa.
Anton. Joseph, Frank, Leo and Charles
Ruegg a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years 3 months and 2 days. A member of
the Third Order of St. Francis and Young
Ladles' Sodality of St. Anthony's parish.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 184 Precita avenue, be-
tween Mission and Howard streets, thence
to St. Anthony's Church, Army street, near
Folscrm. whore a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for , the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
RUPINSKJ— In Fairfax, July 20. IS9S, August.
dearly beloved son of A dele and the late
August Rupinskj. a native of San Francisco,
aged 16 years 4 months and 20 days.
[CZFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother. 1301 Larkln street, near Pine.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
STREITBERGER— In Oakland. July 18, 1898,
Christopher Streitberger. a native of Baden.
Germany, aged 73 years 3 months and 2*
days.
E?"Frlend!i and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Henry Evers, R65 Washington street, Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER. F*
FUNERAL DIRECTOKS it EMSALMEB3 I
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. 1
FCKB-itAL DIRECTOK3 & KM3AI.MEaJ I
iw iiiTH BT., Opj. LmcoU i«a»:.
Telephone, South 30. ' "
B. bTmTavov. Manager. I
! McAVOY «fc CO., I
i FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEB3L 1
1236 Market St. between Bth and 9th. a
I Telephone. South 247. %
1112
ALL HAWAII'S
CHINESE ARE
ALSO ANNEXED
Collector Jackson Says That He
Must Admit Hordes of
Coolies.
There Is No Way to Stop the Thousands
of Mongolian Laborers From Flood
ing California.
During the discussion relative to the
advantages and disadvantages of an
nexing Hawaii to the United States
The Call repeatedly pointed out the
likelihood that in the event of annexa
tion the thoupands of Chinese coolies
In that country would be entitled to
free and unrestricted immigration to
California and other Stales of the
United States. The islands having
been annexed, the problem is a new one
ajid in a fair way for an immediate so
lution, for the first steamer-load of
Chinese leaving the Sandwich Islands
for California will throw upon the
shoulders of Collector Jackson the re
sponsibility for the addition to the al-
ready overcrowded laboring population
of California of hordes of coolies.
The Collector was asked yesterday
what he would do should a boatload of
coolies from the Islands arrive here.
He replied: "Understanding that the
Sandwich Islands are now a part of
the United States, and that the laws of
the United States, In so far as appli
cable, are in operation there, I do not
see how, In the absence of instructions
from Washington to the contrary, I
would have the right to forbid their
landing in this State. It is m£ opin
ion that I have no more right to ex
clude them than I would have to ex
clude Chinese coming from Arizona or
Alaska. I shall have to admit them
all.
"The subject la one that will have to
receive the attention of the department
at Washington and a construction
by the Attorney General of the United
States of the laws bearing upon Chi
nese immigration. But until that time
comes, the principle that being legally
in one part of the country entitles
them to po to another part of the
country would seem to obtain as well
HI. VALENTINE
APPREHENSIVE
Wells-Fargo's President
and the War Tax.
HE FEARS LEGAL ACTIONS
MERCHANTS REQUESTED NOT TO
TAKE STEPS IN COURT.
Colls Attention to Test Cases in the
East and Jollies Business
Men With Soft
Words.
The stand taken by the Merchants' As
sociation in the matter of Wells, Fargo &
Co.'s Express Company, compelling its
patrons to pay the 1 cent stamp war tax
■which the law says that the corporation
6hould pay, has had some effect upon
the president of this transportation insti
tution. At the meeting of the associa
tion on Wednesday a number of the mem
bers raised their voices and gave expres
sion to complaints long and loud against
the injustice practiced by the company
mentioned. They declared that they are
paying their proportion of the tax that
the Government requires to carry on the
war. and they do not begrudge the little
1 cent stamps that are stuck on all re
ceipts and documents, .^ome have said
that if the tax was twice as high they
■would not complain, considering that the
cause is a just one. But on the other
hand if It was one-half of what it is they
would object to paying the other m»n's
share, especially where the other party
Is making money out of the affair and is
well able to stand his own obligations.
Such expressions have been echoed
throughout the length of the land and in
more than one place the people have pro
tested by actions in the courtß against
paying the "other fellow's" debts.
This was one of the things contem
plated by the Merchants' Association,
and the only reason some such step* was
not taken was because the test cases be
fore the courts in the East will decide
the same questions that wou'i come up
here. However, It contributed money for
The prosecution of those cases. In order
that the local management of Wells-
Fargo's ExpreßS Company might not
think that the San Francisco merchants
are afraid of the corporation, a spirited
communication was st^nt to President
Valentine, In which several protests and
objections were registered. The principal
was against the company extorting from
the shipper or consignor directly or in
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I had Eczema of the scaly, itchy kind seren
years. I thought my face and arms were
afire. My face was full of large white scales,
and my head was fall of sores. I was ashamed
to go in company. I took five bottles of Con-
cora Resolvent, washed with Ccticosa
Soap, put on Ccticura (ointment), and found
great relief instantly, and got a clean face
again, thanks to Cuticuba. ■ "
VALENTI>*E EGNER,
March 7. 1805. 108 Sugg St., Brooklyn, N. T.
Brisvr Crr.B Triatmkkt.— Warm batht with Curt-
Cl «* SOAF.ftntle anointing! with Cuticura (ointment),
pure it of emoiilent tkln ear**, mild dona of (.'enctm
REiOLYCTT, rre*teit of blood pnriflenand humor cures.
Bold throti«h<mt the world. Pottbb D«ro axd Cm
Cokr., Prop*., BoiWft. Bow to Cor* Bklm Dlmm, froa.
in the case of the Sandwich Islands as
in any other of our territorial posses
sions. Hawaii is In the same position
with reference to Its government as
any one of our Territories not yet en
titled to statehood."
The Collector was asked whether the
fact that the Hawaiian Chinese did not
possess certificates of registration a*
required of all Chinese laborers in the
United States would not bar them from
admission to the United States.
"If they were asked," replied the Col
lector, "whether they had certificates of
registration they would say 'None was
required of us at the time the law went
into effect. We have complied with
all the laws In operation applicable to
us up to the present moment.' If the
government does not provide some way
to stop them I don't see that I can,
under the law as It Is at present."
The Collector then proceeded to speak
of the decision of Assistant Secretary
Howell to the effect that persons sub
jects of China, and described as sales
men, clerks, buyers, bookkeepers, ac
countants, managers, storekeepers, ap
prentices, agents, cashiers, physicians,
proprietors of restaurants, etc., should
be denied admission.
"The statute," said the Collector,
"provides that other than laborers may
be admitted, and the custom has been
up to the present day to admit Chinese
on certificates that they were other
than laborers. But the treaty mentions
specifically the classes that may be ad
mitted. These are officials, teachers,
students, merchants, or travelers for
curiosity or pleasure. Mr. Howell has
ruled that only those persons shall be
admitted. This decision means a loss
of hundreds of thousands of dollars an
nually to the big steamship companies,
for It will decrease Chinese immigra
tion very materially."
directly the little stamp, as has been done i
In the matter of Riving receipts. Notifica
tion was given that if such was required
the patrons would pay the same only
under protest, the shipper reserving the I
right to test the legality of the company's :
actions at any time.
Another communication was sent to
United States Attorney Foote, In which 1
he was formally notified that the law Is '
being violated by the company, and re
questing that he begin proceedings i
against the offenders. The services of
the association were promised to the Fed
eral official, whose ignorance of the vio- !
lation of the law is inferred by the fact
that he has made no effort of his own !
volition to correct the offenders. So far I
it is not learned that Mr. Foote has taken !
any steps in the matter or that he has I
conferred with the directors of the asso- I
ciation with reference to the violations
of the law to which his attention has
been called.
However, the correspondence has had
the effect of awakening President Valen
tine ,_ to ,_ the realization that something I
might happen, and possibly the "some- i
thing would be that the Government's I
legal representative might be compelled
to take cognizance of the offenses com- |
plained of by the angry merchants. That
Mr. Valentine was at least apprehensive
It 8n _ OWn b >' the concluding sentence in
the following letter, which he hastened
to send to the association:
SAN FRANCISCO, July 20, IS9S
Merchants Association, Mills Bulldlne City—
Gentlemen: I am In receipt of the protest
adopted by , th t, Me /chant - Association of Pan
Francisco of this date and wish to so beyond i
the formality of a mere acknowledgment and i
return my thanks to the boara of directors and I
members of the association for the conservative
tenor of the protest and objections.
t*, . cannot on this occasion announce definitely
the future policy of express interests in this
™" e ;' a « «h«» will be affected by the conclu-
IZi^J ea £ he(l b T th ! PoUrt «- to which numerous
appeals have already been made, but I regret
to have to occupy an attitude toward the bu*l
thTJr rCBtB °J V he C . OUI M ry ln general and
the merchants of thin city In particular which
has caused dissatisfaction and criticism.
Allow me In this connection to again BUKeest
most respectfully that as legal action is "nd-
T nlted States It can hardly expedite a deter
i,nitea btates It can hardly expedite a deter
[rluy youre*' beglnnln(r anolher suit here. Very
JOHN J. VALENTINE. President.
TREASURY DECISIONS.
New Arrangement for the Distribu- i
tion of Small Coins.
New treasury decisions provide that !
sugar In sweetened chocolate 1b not liable !
to countervailing duty under the act of
July 24. IM7, not being sugar "changed in
condition. Hereafter the baggage of
secretaries of legations and of attaches of !
any foreign military, naval or diplomatic
service traveling on official business will
be allowed free entry without examina
tion on the declaration of the bearer that
such baggage contains only personal ef
,M nOt » h vf rr * Order fr u rn th * department pro
v dcs that upon the deposit of an equlv- !
alent sum in United Btateu Treasury or i
national bank notes with the Treasurer ''
or any Assistant Treasurer or any na- I
tional bank depository 1 cent bronze or 5 i
cent nickel pieces will be sent by express
or registered mall in sums of $20 or more
Free registration will be given from the !
most convenient treasury office.
■ ♦ .
Dr. Shrady, president Red Cross
Society, writes about the chances of
our soldiers in war, in next Sunday's
! Call.
Children's Home Society.
The Children's Home Finding Society,
of which the Rev. H. W. Brayton of San
Jose is the superintendent, with offices at
Columbia building, in room 69. is made
happy by the gift of a lot on Russell
street, between Grove street and Shattuck
avenue, Berkeley.
This lot will be built upon as soon as
sufficient funds can be raised for the pur
pose. In consequence of its central loca
tion on the line of both the steam and
electric railroads, it will be one of the
handsomest country "homes" that the so
ciety will have.
This institution differs from those of the
orphanages for which State aid is re
ceived, it being but a temporary "home,"
where children are taken care of until
placed m good families by adoption or
otherwise. It depends on private charity
for its maintenance.
"The New America— Army and
Navy," by Bfenry Norman, special
commissioner of the London Chron
icle, in next Sunday's Call.
Young- Ladies' Institute
A musical and literary entertainment will
be given under the auspices of the Young
Ladies' Institute in Metropolitan Temple
on the evening of the first day's session
?iL t G f* I d Institute, which will be on
the 27th in st. The committee of arrange
ments has prepared a very Interesting
and entertaining programme. *
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1898.
GALLANTS OF THE SEVENTH DRILL
Bous From Southern California Show Their Skill Before a Vast Throng in Behalf
of Native Daughters' Red Cross Aid.
THE volunteers of the Sevonth California Regiment, Colonel John R. Berry, enjoyed their first opportu
nity last night to distinguish themselves since taking up arms in defense of their country. The occasion
was a benefit for the brave boys of the First California, given under the auspices of the Native Daughters'
Red Cross Aid. The programme ran the gamut of camp work, from reveille to taps, and the citizen soldiery
from the southland acquitted themselves like veterans.
The universal opinion among military men present was that such clever work has never been done
here by volunteers. The noteworthy feature of tho programme Included: Physical exercises with arms by Com
pany B of San Diego, under the direction of Captain R. V. Dodge; drill school of the battalion, First Battalion,
Major F. C. Prescott; bayonet exercise, Company F, Captain F. L. Reynolds, and the extended order drill by
Company H, Captain A. W. Browne. The latter drill Is in battle formation, and is a typical scene of mimic warfare.
The men charged, rallied by squads, advanced and retreated, finally leaving the floor at double quick. The various
numbers on the programme were loudly applauded, but this fairly took the house by storm.
The reviewing stand was decorated with the flag of LaEstrella Parlor. The flag was made entirely by hand, by
Miss Helen Krune. Among the officers on the stand were:
Brigadier General Harrison Gray Otis. Colonel William Smith of Tennessee. Lieutenant Colonel Gracey Childers,
Major A P. Bayless. Major Choate, Major J. C. McGulre, Captain Clark, Captain Gillam. Captain Reid, Captain
Hagar. Lieutenant Ragsdale. Lieutenant Shepman, and T. E. Gibben. Police Commissioner of Los Angeles.
The ladies representing the Native Daughters were:
Mrs Lena B. Mills (chairman). Miss Lizzie Douglass, Miss Mac B. Wilkin, Miss Lily O. Richling, Miss Mc-
Allister Miss Mamie McCarthy, ..lias Carrie Crelgh, Miss Martin, Mlsa Mary Crelgh. Miss Mattle Farris, Miss
Birdie Mayer Miss Aggie Boyd, Miss Louisa Meyer, Miss J. Meyer, Miss Jennie Stark. Miss A. Hinck, Mrs. K.
Harney Mrs J J Griff. Mrs. J. D. Ralph, Miss Millie Kline, Mrs. G. Gunzendorfer, Mrs. A. Mocker. Mrs. D.
Daniels' Mrs Theodore Lunstedt. Mrs. J. A. Steinbach, Mrs L. Carlle, Mrs. C. A. Boldeman, Mrs. E. Thierbach.
Miss Menke, Mrs. Smith. Mrs. J. H. Burrington, Mrs. T. Foley. Mrs. Charles Kapp, Mrs. H. M. Greene, Mrs. de
Roos Mrs E Fraser Mrs. D. Bradley, Miss Mulcay, Miss Lena Smith, Mrs. de Haven, Mrs. S. Oesterman, Mrs.
Versalovlch, Mrs. Barton, Miss M. Kline, Miss A. Martin and Mrs. L. Harney.
During the evening the ladies of the Native Daughters' Red Cross Aid entertained 1300 soldiers at supper. Ta
bles were spread the entire length of machinery hall, and were laden with fruits and flowers. After the drill
dancing was Inaugurated, which the soldier boys greatly enjoyed •
BOLD ATTEMPT
AT ROBBERY
Men Are Scared Off by
a Plucky Woman.
THEY TRIED TO INJURE HER
WOULD HAVE THROWN HER
DOWNSTAIRS.
Mrs. Marie Mangels, Keeper of a
Confectionery Store, the Hero
ine of a Daylight
Emcounter.
A desperate attempt at robbery was
made shortly after 2 o'clock yesterday at
Market and Hermann streets.
Earlier in the day a man scured from
Mrs. Marie Mangels, who conducts a
confectionery store at the corner named,
the key of an unoccupied flat above her
store. He returned the key, but did not
lock the door. He returned later with
an express wagon from a second-hand
furniture store at 1457 Market street and
was accompanied by two companions.
They went upstairs through the door
that he had left open and made so much
noise taking up a carpet and removing
fittings as to attract the attention of Mrs.
Mangels. She went upstairs, and no
sooner did the men see her than they
made a dash for the street. The leader
of the two caught Mrs. Mangels by the
throat, as she stood between him and lib
erty. He tried to throw her downstairs,
but she caught the balustrade and
saved herself.
The men reached the street and at onco
ran down Elgin Park toward Thirteenth
street. Mrs. Mangels blew a police whis
tle and cried "Stop, thief!" but to "no
avail. There wer« no police in the neigh
borhood, so the men escaped. The driver
of the express wagon remained, but could
throw no light on the identity of the men.
The leader of the crowd was of medi
um height, wore a brown overcoat, white
hat and* kid gloves.
Detectives Wren and Gibson were de
tailed on the case. Mrs. Mangels and her
little daughter affirm that they can iden
tify the man wherever they see him. The
affair created Intense excitement in the
neighborhood, attracting a great crowd.
Tnree Till Robbers.
Arthur Mathews Is behind the bars in
the Seventeenth-street police station, and
his two confederates will keep him com
pany If the police can find them. The
trio stole a horse and buggy which they
found on the San Bruno road during the
afternoon, and started out to rob tills.
Their first victim was A- Aiseler, who
keeps a grocery at Twenty-second and
Dolores streets. Aiseler has a watering
trough in front of his store for the ac
commodation of passing teams. The
trough was empty at the time the thieves
drove up, and at the request of one ot
them the accommodating proprietor pro
ceeded to turn on the water. While he
was engager] in conversation with one of
them the others went inside and rifled
the money drawer of its contorts.
John Ulston's place at San Bruno road
and Army Street was the next place vis
ited, and* the till was robbed.
The till of Mrs. Heis' store at 3316
Twenty-second street was rifled next.
Complaints were made to Lieutenant
Price, and ho detailed Detectives Fitz
gerald and Graham on the case. They
were not long in landing Mathews be
hind the bars.
PRIVATE POSTAL CARDS.
They Have Been Authorized by a
Recent Act of Congress.
In accordance with an act recently
passed by Congress It is now lawful to
use private postal cards of any chosen
design, provided they are of practically
the same size and color as those author
ized by the International Postal Union.
The cards must also bear these words in
print on the address side:
"Private mail card, authorized by act
of Congress May 19, 1898."
When prepared by printers or station
ers for sale they should also bear in the
upper right hand corner of address Bide
an oblong diagram with the words:
"Place a 1-cent stamp here," and the
lower left hand corner the following
words should be printed: "This" side is
exclusively for the address."
The messages on the cards may be
either written or printed and there may
also appear on the message side adver
tisements, illustrations or other matter,
printed either in black or in colors.
Another circular issued from headquar
ters calls the attention of Postmasters
to the fact that in cases where senders
of second, third and fourth class matter
ask that the matter be returned or for
warded it will be necessary for the send
ers to forward stamps for that purpose
before their requests can be complied
with.
Committee of One Hundred Censured.
At a meeting of the Thirty-nrst District
Democratic Club last evening it was de
cided to make a strenuous opposition to
the action of the Committee of One Hun
dred in appointing Joseph Gorman as one
of the Committee of Eighteen to formu
late a plan for the selection of delegates
to the State convention.
The invitation from the Democratic
Central Club requesting the attendance of
the members of the Thirty-first District
in the parade and reception that will be
given in honor of the return of Congress
man Maguire to the city, was accepted
and a committee appointed to co-operate
with the various Democratic clubs in ar
ranging the necessary preliminaries.
A vote of thanks was tendered J. E.
Treacy for his efforts in behalf of the
working classes at the last Legislature,
After which the meeting was adjourned
until August 4.
THE CRYSTAL, SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming; baths. North Beach.
Cautioned Not to Wink.
When Mrs. Nellie Carlson, who had the
temerity to wink twice at Judge Conlan
j Wednesday, appeared for sentence before
him yesterday, he was in a forgiving
! mood. He spoke to her husband and de
: cldea to give her another chance before
; di grading her by sending her to jail as a
common drunk." Before she left the
courtroom the Judge warned her to get
rid of the habit of winking at Judges, as
i it might get her into serious trouble
Will Be Deported.
Vlctorina D. Ferslew, a, Danish woman,
who arrived on the steamer Starbuck
from Panama, is being held for deporta
tion by the Immigration Commissioners.
She has but $25 in her possession, and is
suffering from chronlo osteitis. She does
not relish the idea of being sent back to
her native land and threatens to commit
suicide. Three Japanese who arrived on
the steamer Belgic from Yokohama are
also being held for examination, as It is
suspected they were once deported.
1 ' ~— — ~^~^"^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
♦o-»-o-*-o-»-o-*-o-»-o-»-o-*c>-»-o-»-o-*-o-»-c
cV It Pays to Trade in the Mission.
I Rattan Rocker,
♦ Heavy roll top and sides, very
? strong back, neat spindles; well
! o shellacked; can be easily washed;
I o good for outdoor use; never
I ♦ blackens. Cool as a refreshing
I ♦ breeze on warm summer days.
i o
♦ Large line of rattan goods —
| ° baby carriages, high chairs, ve-
° randa chairs, etc. Send for special
o catalogue, wherever you live.
PATTOSIEN'S
♦ Corner Sixteenth and Mission Streets.
o
♦ C"*-o-*-o-*o ♦ o ♦ o -♦• o -♦• o -♦■ o-*q-*_q-»-p.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ______________
MMaeg^MliaiTrTillglHHMf^^
From windy fakers in "Cheap John," poorly made
and ill-fitting clothing
"Blow Through Your Whiskers!"
UNTIL YOU COME AND SEE THE HIGH-GRADE GOODS
which we are now sacrificing at LESS than actual
cost of production. Good things don't last forever,
neither will this GREAT CHANCE to secure the VERY
BEST OF MEN'S AND BOYS' CLOTHING, HATS AND
FURNISHING GOODS at prices which we BOLDLY
DEFY any reliable firm in America to match.
THE FOLLOWING GREAT AND UNPARALLELED BARGAINS
HOLD GOOD UNTIL OUR CLOSING HOUR OF ELEVEN
O'CLOCK TO-MORROW NIGHT. Be on hand early and
avoid the afternoon and evening's crowd.
Unparalleled Values
■ lIS ■
MEN'S SUITS AND TROUSERS
Men's Ali-Wool Late Style Suits, made up to sell for $10 and $12, will <£/- AS
be given away this week at i^O»T"3
Men's Fine Richly Tailored Suits, in late styles and most fashionable
fabrics suits that'll cost you at least $13.50 and $12.00 at other 4^o AS
stores — your pick now goes at uJO»T"3
Men's Fine Semi-Dress Suits, made from fine worsteds, cheviots and neat
cassimeres ; cut, made and trimmed in the height of fashion, good <J?Q A s
$15 values — this week your pick and choice at vJ>y»T\3
UNMATCHABLE BARGAINS ITS
MEN'S PANTS.
See what other stores about town are selling in the way of Pants for $3 £« /^g
and $3.50, then come here and find the same quality of Pants at v&I.O^
We have taken our $4.50 and $4 grades and stacked 'em high on our &/-% A c
counters, and out they'll go at the never-to-be-forgotten price 0f... u^»T"^
MEN'S HATS
AT GIFT PRICES.
Gents' Fedoras in late-style shades, $1.50 qualities, will go during this great «yf»
sale at / 3C
Gents' Regular $2.50 Derby and Fedora Hats, in latest style colorings q%« '"jff
and shapes, go this week at \ *Pl«.<fc3
1 MEN'S FURNISHINGS
INO\A/ GO F\AR. BELOW COST.
Gents' 15c Balbriggan Sox, in black and tan shades, cut to.. 3C
$1.00, 75c and 50c Fine and Stylish Neckwear cut to <jOC
OR three FOR
Gents' $1.25 Fancy Golf Summer Shirts, in fine Madras, cut to „ O3C
Greatest Bargains
IN
BOYS' AND CHILDREN'S CLOTHING
ON TOP OF EARTH!
YOUNG MEN'S SUITS.
AGES 13 TO 19.
Boys' Long-Pants Suits, all wool ; cut, made and trimmed in the height
of fashion and worth $8, $9 and $10— boy's choice and size CIA t\S
V go this week at 3t"»"3
Young Men's Suits in fine worsteds, cheviots, tweeds and cassimeres, In
the popular sack shapes, worth $10 and $12, will go into this great *g~ A X
vortex of bargains at _. $0»tO
CHILDREN'S SUITS.
AGES -4- TO 13.
Child's 2-piece All-Wool Reefer Suits in nobby effects, made up with an
eye to give good service, worth $3.50 of any one's money, will go ai f?e
this week at . g)1.03
Child's 2-Piece Suits in fine grade cheviots and cassimeres, well . made
and trimmed, in rich stylish patterns, regular $4, $4.50 and $5 quali- tf*^ AS
ties — your choice this week at H>.£«tO
UNPARALLELED.
SHIRT WAIST VALUES.
The famous $1 "Star" Shirt Waists, in new colorings, now go at O3C
The "Mother's Friend" Blouse, a bargain at 50c, will now go at «J\IC
BOYS' AND CHILDREN'S HATS, CAPS and EXTRA
PANTS at prices which baffle any and all competition.
SEE US BEFORE outfitting your boys and you'll be
MANY DOLLARS IN POCKET for your trouble.
— — cAakmn-s::
KEARNY.
HE. CORNER S UTTER.