VOLUME LXXXIII.— XO. 109.
Yesterday Morning, at Gravesend on the Thames, the American Ensign -Was Raised on the Newly Purchased
Cruiser Amazonas, While a Few Hours Later the American Flag Was Thrown to the Breeze From the Mast
head of the Arctic Exploring Steamer Windward. These Ceremonies Were Hardly Over When the San
Francisco, Bearing the Stars and Stripes Above Her Taffrail and Flying the Broad Pennant of Commodore
Howell at the Main, Steamed Up the River and Took Position Near at Hand.
THE AMAZONAS
NOW FLIES THE
STARS AND STRIPES
Old Glory Raised Over the Ship
Bought by the United States
the Brazilian
Government,
GRAVESEND, Eng., March
18. — The cruiser Amazonas,
built by the Armstrongs for
Brazil and purchased by the
United States, was formally
transferred from the Brazilian
flag to the Stars and Stripes
shortly after 11 o'clock this
morning. The ceremony was
simple and dignified, and, to
the Brazilian officers, it was
somewhat pathetic.
Lieutenant Commander Colwell,
United States naval attache, accom
panied by Ensign Roberts, Assistant
Engineer Morris and Consul General
Osborne, arrived on board shortly
before 11 a. m. The chief officers
of the Coast Guard and a number of
custom officers, all in uniform, were
already there. Lieutenant Comman
der Colwell and his party were re
ceived at the gangway by Lieuten
ant Santos, and were escorted to the
captain's cabin, where they were re
ceived by Commander Corres.
In reply to Lieutenant Commander
Colwell's inquiry, Commander Corres
said he was ready to transfer the
vessel forthwith, and Messrs. Col
well, Roberts and McMorris donned
their uniforms and, proceeding on
deck, gathered near the flagstaff
from which the green nag of Brazil
was flying.
Then Lieutenant Commander Col
well, saluting Commander Corres, |
said: "Captain, I have here a contract |
of sale, to which you were a witness, j
whereby this vessel is to be trans
ferred to me in behalf of the United
States."
Commander Corres replied through
an interpreter, saying: "In handing
over this ship I desire to say that it
is done with the sincere friendship
of Brazil."
Lieutenant Commander Colwell,
saluting, replied: ''In beha]f of the
United States I thank you for the
sentiment."
A Brazilian sailor then brought
down Brazil's blue-starred pennant
from the top of the mast, carrying it
in his teeth. In the center of a cir
cle of officers of both nations Lieu
tenant Commander Colwell then
faced the Brazilian -iag flying from
the cruiser's stern, and, as the offi
cers bared their heads, the flag of
Brazil was hauled down at 11:10 a;
. m., after which they faced about,
*\ with their heads still uncovered, and
Old Glory was run up at the main.
Lieutenant Commander Colwell
and the Brazilian officers tnen shook
hands, and Commander Corres in
vited the party into the cabin to
drink to the ship. The Brazilian
captain then showed the party over
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1898.
OLD GLORY IN ENGLISH WATERS.
ONE MORE YELLOW FREAK
MADRID, March 18.— General
Weyler denies the authenticity of
the letter published in the New
York Journal yesterday in which
the former Captain General of
Cuba is alleged to have said the
United States would not have
dared to send a warship to Ha
vana while he was in command
there, as "they knew the terrible
punishment that awaited them,"
adding that he had Havana har
bor "well prepared for such an
* emergency," having "rapidly fln
* ished the work Martinez Campos
* carelessly abandoned."
* HAVANA, March 18.— Last
* night a correspondent saw Don
* Francisco de los Guzman, to
* whom General Weyler is alleged
* to have written a letter pub
* lished in the New York Journal
* yesterday, apparently suggesting
* the destruction of the United
* States battlf-ship Maine. The
* former President of the Cortes
* was much surprised when asked
* if he had received such a letter.
* He said: "I have not received
* any such letter from General
* Weyler and for that reason it is
* impossible for any one to have
* stolen such a letter from me. I
* am ignorant of the existence of
* such a letter and consequently
* of its alleged contents."
the vessel and furnished them with
inventories of the supplies. The
Amazonas remained in charge of
Ensign Roberts and Assistant Engi
neer McMorris until the United
States cruiser San Francisco arrived
here.
Great interest was taken in the
ceremony, said to be unique in naval
history, by which one power trans
ferred a warship to another in the
harbor of a third power. Several
American flags were hoisted at
Gravesend after the Stars and Stripes
were unfurled over the Amazonas.
There was another picturesque cer
emony here to-day, when Alfred C.
Tarmsworth, proprietor of the Daily
Mail, hoisted the Stars and Stripes
over the Arctic steamer Windward,
which is moored a few yards from
the Amazonas. She is on her way
to the United States, having been
presented to Lieutenant Peary, the
American explorer. The Stars and
Stripes were hoisted at 2 p. m., and
all on board saluted "Old Glory" as
she went up with three cheers and
wishes for the success of the explor
er. The Windward sailed from here
at 5 o'clock this afternoon.
The United States steamship San
Francisco arrived here at 3:30 p. m.,
passing the Amazonas. After salut
ing Tilbery Fort, the band played
"The Star Spangled Banner," with
Continued on Second Page.
THE MONTGOMERY
WAS IN DANGER IN
HAVANA HARBOR
Why the Ship Was Ordered Back
to Key West and the
Fern Sent in Her
Place.
BOSTON, March 18.— A. Mau
rice Low wires the following to
night from Key West:
The return of the cruiser Mont
gomery to Key West has caused
considerable speculation, which
the authorities have declined to
end by giving the reasons for the
step. The real reasons are in
teresting, and show how grave
the situation is. The accuracy of
my statement cannot be ques
tioned.
The Montgomery was ordered
to return from Havana harbor at
the suggestion of Lee. He pointed
out to the authorities that the re
tention of the cruiser in Havana
harbor was the source of the circu
lation of rumors, and was a men
ace rather than a protection in case
of outbreak. She could not lend
sufficient force to be of much, if
any, protection to American in
terests, while she was not suffi
ciently powerful to cope with the
guns of forts and Spanish war
ships, in case of the sudden
declaration of hostilities.
In view of these circumstances
Lee recommended the withdrawal
of the Montgomery and the sub
stitution of the Fern or some other
vessel of the same character.
The Fern can perform equally
good service with the Montgomery
in the event Consul Lee or other
Americans have to leave Havana
in a hurry, and stands less danger
of being fired on than would a
vessel of war.
General Lee recommended the
sending of the lowa to Havana to
bring back the Court of Inquiry
here. It will be remembered a
few days ago the rumor was
printed that the administration
had decided to send the lowa to
Havana to impress the Spaniards
with the power of our navy.
This was Lee's suggestion. He
told the Government the Spaniards
could not be made to believe we
had a formidable navy unless
they had ocular demonstration of
the fact. The Spaniards, he re
ported, believed the Maine was
the finest ship of the American
OREGON MAY COME BACK.
WASHINGTON, March 18.—
Although it is the general ex
pectation that the Oregon will
round the Horn to Join Admiral
Sicard's squadron, it is known
that if by the time she reaches
Callao there seems to be no
prospects of trouble she will not
continue her voyage south, but
will return to San Francisco.
navy, and that her destruction
made it impossible for the United
States to think of fighting Spain.
To correct this impression Lee
suggested the lowa should go into
Havana harbor, take the court on
board and speed out again — an
operation <vhich would give the
Spaniards some material for*sober
reflection.
When the fact of this recom
mendation came to the knowledge
of a very high naval officer, who
is familiar with every word of the
evidence brought out at the Court
of Inquiry (I cannot use his name
or go more into detail), he made a
vigorous protest, objecting most
strenuously to the Government
taking the risk of sending the
finest battle-ship of the navy into
Havana harbor. He gave reasons
for making this protest, and
pointed out the dangers which
would be incurred.
The arguments by this distin
guished naval officer were so
urgent that the lowa was not sent
to Havana. The same arguments
influenced the department to ac
cept Lee's suggestion and to order
the Montgomery back to Key
West.
FLEET SThAM YACHTS
OFFERED UNCLE SAM.
Vessels Which Can Be Fitted With
Torpedo Tubes ana Do Service
in Case of War.
WASHINGTON. March 18.— A num
ber of fleet steam yachts ov.ned in the
United States are being offered to the
Navy Department and it is probable
that some of these will be purchased.
Secretary Long takes the view that,
falling to secure the torpedo-boat de
stroyers he wants, the best plan is for
him to equip some of these speedy
boats with torpedo tubes and light
batteries and improvise torpedo-boats.
SPANISH COMPLICITY
WOULD MEAN WAR
IF CLEARLY PROVED
The President Wants Congress to Take
the Initiative if the Naval Board Fixes
Spain's Guilt.
Meanwhile the Truce Endures and the Torpedo-
Boat Flotilla Will Be Destroyed if It
Sails From the Canary
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 18.
At the meeting of the Cabinet
to-day the interview with E. J.
Phelps, ex-Minister to England,
wired from New Haven, was dis
cussed, and it was agreed that
Mr. Phelps was right in his con
tentions; namely, that proof of
the Maine's destruction through
the agency of Spanish officers
would justly be considered an act
of war, but that should the naval
court report that the explosion
was from the exterior, the United
States would still have no valid
■claim for reparation or indemnity
unless it was conclusively shown
that the explosion was due to the
neglect of Spanish authorities to
afford proper protection to the
Maine.
It was generally agreed that it
must be shown that the Spanish
officers have neglected to afford
such protection "as in the exercise
of ordinary prudence and care was
requisite and in their power," and
that whether due care has been
observed is a question of fact to be
determined upon the evidence and
the circumstances of the case, in
regard to which no arbitrary rule
can be laid down beforehand.
Mr. Phelps further contended
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair on Saturday; light west
erly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 62 degrees
Portland 56 degrees
Los Angeles 56 degrees
San Diego 54 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Spain"s Guilt Will Mean War.
The Amazonas Is Taken.
Montgomery Was in Danger.
SECOND PAGE.
To Buy . a Torpedo Boat.
Still Prepare for War.
Strength of Spain's Army.
Havanese Bitter Against America-
Colored Troops to Invade Cuba.
THIRD PAGE.
Famine and Scurvy on Yukon.
Canadians Steal More Lajid.
New Klondike on Walsh Creek.
Gold in American Soil.
FOURTH PAGE.
Clancy Writes of Ireland.
Revolutionary Talk in Germany.
San Rafael Flower Show.
Clark Confession Ruled Out.
War on Theatrical Trust.
FIFTH PAGE.
Burned in His Own Cabin.
Flannelly to Die in May.
Quartz Full of Wire Gold.
No Gambling at Sacramento.
Cold Wave Destroys Fruit.
Earthquake in the Moluccus.
French Ultimatum to China.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The Forestry Congress.
Not a Matter of Choice.
The Law and the Opium Denß.
Turquoise and Hieroglyphics.
Printing and Stationery.
Senator Proctor's Statement.
Music and Musicians.
The Spanish Battleship "Tpirango."
Answers to Correspondents.
SEVENTH PAGE.
News Along the Water Front.
A Fight With Bare Knuckles.
A Close Finish.
How Hearst Was Bunkoed.
Sealing Schooner Probably Lost.
EIGHTH PAGE.
A Poppy That Is a Freak.
A Uuier of the President.
Dave Pengrin Dead.
Joe Schwartz Indicted.
The Oregon Leaves To-day.
John Skinner Tries to Die.
NINTH PAGE.
Evils of Pool Selling.
Firemen Want More Pay.
Made Sick by Sewer Vapor.
Merchants Condemn the Sealer.
TENTH PAGE.
The Sports of the Pay.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
Drawing the Toils About Hoil.
A Chinese Burglar Arrested.
Sibyl Sanderson Is Dead.
TWELFTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
Athletic Club Opening.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
Racing at Emeryville.
FIFTEENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriaga and Deaths.
SIXTEENTH PAGE.
The Ferry Scandal Grows.
A Wonderful Find.
Islands.
WILL DESTROY
THE FLOTILLA.
WASHINGTON, March 18.—
It has been determined by the
officials to continue the sharp
watch which has been kept on
the torpedo flotilla, and should
they attempt to move to Porto
Rico to make vigorous represent
ations to Spain, looking to or
ders for their immediate return
to the Canaries. If Spain should
refuse to comply with these rep
resentations the plan prepared
by the officials contemplates not
only the formation of a flying
squadron, but the dispatch of
cruisers to intercept the torpedo
flotilla and destroy it. If the
torpedo-boats should be sent to
Porto Rico* it is expected that
Spain, appreciating their fate if
unprovided with protection, will
send a convoy of warships,
which will comprise the battle
ship Pelayo and the armored
cruisers Cristobal Colon, Carlos
V and Infanta Maria Teresa.
The vessels comprising the first
division of the flotilla, which is
now at the Canaries, are the de
stroyers Terror, Furor and Plu
ton, each of 380 tons displace
ment and twenty-eight knots,
and the torpedo-boats Azor,
Rayo, Ariete and Ciudad de Ca
diz. The Rayo and Ciudad de
Cadiz are each of 130 tons and
twenty-two knots, and the Azor
and Ariete of 127 tons and
twenty-five knots.
Either Commodore J. A. Ho
well or Commodore W. S. Schley
will be assigned to the command
of the offensive and defensive
squadron, which will be formed
at Hampton Roads.
GENERAL MILES SAYS
SAN FRANCISCO HARBOR
IS A VERITABLE GIBRALTAR.
WASHINGTON, March 18.— "With a little more preparation the
Golden Gate will be a veritable Gibraltar," said Major-General Miles
to-day.
General Miles expressed him -elf as well satisfied with the work
now being done to fortify both the Atlantic and Pacific coasts. He
says that San Francisco, by reason of its geographical position and
the topography of the coast line, especially at Lime Point, is admira
bly fitted for defense. General Miles expressed the opinion that the
coast fortification would in itself be sufficient to repel the invasion
of a hostile fleet, but is also a firm believer in the monitor typo of
coast-defense vessels.
He declares that the coast fortifications and the Monterey and
the Monadnock will render San Francisco perfectly secure.
General John M. Wilson, chief of engineers, was asked to-night
what arrangements the War Department was making to place the
torpedoes at Goat Island station in readiness for an emergency.
He said: "Our plans are not well matured yet, and it would
not be good policy to publish to the world our system of harbor
defense or even our general plans or orders. The Call and the San
Francisco people will, of course, understand why it is inadvisable to
do this.
that the "onus probandi" or bur
den of prcof rests with the claim
ant for reparation.
There is no doubt that the
President and his Cabinet, in their
discussion of Mr. Phelps' inter
view, agreed with him. This is
important, for if the naval court
:eports that the Maine was blown
up by an outside explosion, but is
unable to show that Spanish
officials were participants or in
any way connected with it, it
will be necessary for the United
States to show neglect — that is,
that ordinary prudence was not
exercised on the part of Spain.
Therefore the United States will
| be unable to support its claim for
indemnity unless the naval court
reports that the Maine was de
stroyed by mines or torpedoes,
and that the Sp.mish officers failed
to take the necessary precautions
to insure the safety of the Maine.
NEW YORK, March 18.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: While the Maine disaster is
inseparably linked with the general Cv
S&*tfOE FIVE CENTS.
ban question, I was assured to-night
by a member of the Cabinet that the
President would deal with the former
diplomatically before making represen
tations to Spain concerning the inde
pendence of Cuba.
The blowing up of the Maine, as
previously stated in the Herald, is to be
used as an additional and final argu
ment as to why a speedy end should be
brought to the war in Cuba. As the
time approaches for the receipt of the
report of the Naval Court of Inquiry
there is a feeling of suspense among
administration officials. Nothing has
yet come to their knowledge that would
indicate the complicity by the Span
ish Government with the crime, yet the
bare possibility that the court has reach
ed such a decision causes considerable
anxiety, which will not be allayed un
til the report is to hand.
Such a conclusion, the authorities be
lieve, would mean war, and this they are
all undoubtedly most anxious to avoid.
President McKinley, I am assured, is
anticipating a decision which will show
the disaster to have been due to an out
side explosion and that the court will
be unable to show what person or per
sons committed the crime.
A member of the Cabinet told me to
day that while the Presidtnt was prepar
ing to make diplomatic representations
to Spain on an indemnity basis, he was
not unmindful of the possibilities of a
finding by the court which would make
war unavoidable, and that extraordinary
military and naval preparations were
consequently begun. This official told
me that only a decision showing posi
tively a direct connection of Spanish
officials with the Maine disaster would
prevent the President carrying out his
determination to deal with the Maine
catastrophe in a strictly legal and diplo
matic way.
ITALY'S CRUISER
IS NOT SOLD.
ROME, March 18.— An official
denial is given to the report that
the armored cruiser Vares has
been sold.
lt may be further stated that the
President hopes and expects this matter
can be adjusted diplomatically. So
much, however, depends upon the final
conclusion of the court of inquiry that
it is hardly safe to speculate as to the
exact character of the demand which
would be made upon Spain. The Presi
dent is determined to deal with the
question deliberately and coolly, and al
though anxious to be in perfect har
mony with Congress, he does not pro
pose to be swayed by public clamor
into making war unless there is full jus
tification for such action.
I am further informed that it is the
purpose of the President to make Con
gress jointly responsible for any action
in dealing with the general Cuban ques
tion which may result in war. He be
lieves, as was stated in the Herald this
morning, that the independence of Cuba
is written in the book of fate. He fur
ther believes that the blowing up of the
Maine makes it imperative upon this,
country to do something at the ear
liest date possible to end the \*ar in
Cuba, but he is not convinced as to th«2
ONE MORE BOAT
BRAZIL MAY SELL
TO THIS COUNTRY
The Tupy Is Precisely the Kjr>d
of Vessel Uncle Sam Needs
at This Juncture.
NEW YORK, March 18.— A Washington special to the Herald
says: It is the expectation of the officials here that another Brazilian
vessel, this time the torpedo gun vessel Tupy, will be added to the
United States navy in a few days. Active negotiations are in pro
gress between Commander W. H. Brownson and representatives of Bra
zil, looking to the sale of this ship. While the officials say that it is
not absolutely certain the deal may be consummated, they feel very
sure the United States will carry off the prize and, if it does not, Spain,
which has also been rabbling at this vessel, will not get her.
This same feeling holds with respect to the armored cruisers build
ing in Italy. It is known in official circles here that Spain has trans
'f erred her field of negotiations to Italy, where she is making an effort
to buy either the Varez or the Guiseppe. So far as the officials have
been advised, she has not' purchased either of these ships, notwith
standing the report this morning that she had succeeded in purchas
ing the Varez. They say that had negotiations been successfully con
cluded they undoubtedly would have heard of it.
That the United States is trying to purchase the armored cruisers
building for Italy is admitted. Agents of this Government abroad are
still talking with the builders of the San Martino in hope that they
may be induced to make representations to Argentina, which will re
sult in the sale of the ship. It is confidently believed, however, as the
Herald has stated, that the San Martino cannot be bought, being in
the same position as the Chilian cruiser O'Higgins, which, it has been
definitely announced, is not in the market.
The Tupy, which this Government is trying to obtain, is now hav
ing her armament put in place at Elswick. She has a displacement of
about 1000 tons, a coal capacity of 260 tons and five locomotive boilers.
Her engines have sixty inches of protection. Her twin screws give
her a maximum speed of twenty-three knots. She has three above
water torpedo tubes and uses Whitehead torpedoes. The bow tube
is fixed and the broadside tubes train by hand. Besides torpedoes, her
armament consists of two 4-inch rapid-lire guns, four 37-mm auto
matic and two Maxim machine guns.
best means of doing this without brine
ing on war.
He has said he will not be respon
sible for an "unholy" war. If the
United States is to be made responsible
for* precipitating war he desires that
Congress shall share the responsibility
with him. Instead of issuing a proclam
ation recognizing the independence of
Cuba, as it has been frequently assert
ed he would, President McKinley is
now of the opinion that Congress
should take the initiative.
It is for that reason the administra
tion has changed its programme in
favor of an early adjournment. I am
now assured that the President wants
Congress to stay here until the Cuban
question is on the way to settlement.
He has no intention at present of send
ing a special message to Congress, but
he desires that both houses shall be in
possession of all the facts surrounding
the Maine disaster and the general con
dition in Cuba. It was for this reason
he heartily approved of the speech made
by Senator Proctor giving the results
of his observations while, in the island,
and he is quite anxious that both houses
should be thoroughly enlightened, not
only as to the real condition of affairs in
Cuba,., but as to all the consequences
that may follow any action in the di
rection of intervention to settle the
troublesome problem.
Pending any action in this direction,
either by the legislative or the execu
tive branch of the Government, the
President will do all in his power to
avoid hostilities and to ameliorate con
ditions in Cuba.
There is no further doubt that the
holding of the Spanish torpedo flotilla
at the Canaries and the withdrawal of
the battleship/, named from the vicinity
of Cuba was the result of an agreement
reached by the Washington and Madrid
Governments. The fact that Rear-
Admiral Sicard has remaining with him
at Key West a formidable squadron is
due to the desire of the authorities to
have a strong fleet there when the re
port of the court of inquiry has been
received and the result of the policy to
be inaugurated by the President has
made itself apparent.
It is appreciated by the authorities
that pending the receipt of the report it
would have been a very unwise move
to withdraw the entire fleet, and there
fore, in consideration of the holding of
the flotilla at the Canaries, the Massa
chusetts and Texas were ordered north
to form a new squadron, with the re
mainder of the fleet to follow in case the
Cuban situation should take on a peace
ful aspect even after negotiations for the
settlement of the Maine disaster and of
the general Cuban question are in pro
gress.
It. was said to-day by a high official
that the withdrawal of the battle-ships
was in the nature of a sop to Spain, and
if she were not satisfied then it micht
be possible that further ships would be
withdrawn to Hampton Roads.
':It makes little difference," he said,
"whether the vessels are at Key West
or Hampton Roads. They are almost
as available at Hampton Roads as at
Key West and can easily reach Cuba in
ample time ahead of any re-enforce
ments Spain might send."
The report that the Vesuvius had
been sighted early i.. the day coming
through the Virginia capes headed for
Washington gave rise to the rumor
that she was bringing the report of the
Naval Board of Inquiry to Washington.
This could not be confirmed from any
official source. At the Navy Depart
ment it was admitted that the Vesuvius
was bound for Washington, but it was
■ explained that she was coming merely
£ox repairs to her armament, and it was
denied that she had on board any mem
ber of the naval board or that she was
carrying the report of that body.
The Vesuvius did not reach Washing
ton to-night, but it was reported at the
navy yard that she anchored off the
Government proving grounds at Indian
Head about 8 o'clock, where she was
met by the big navy tug Triton, which
returned to the yard about Qp. m. It
was denied that the Triton brought any
one from the Vesuvius to Washington.
Secretary Long went to bed at o
o'clock with strict orders not to be dis
turbed, and Assistant Secretary of State
Day spent the evening at the theater,
stopping for a few minutes only at the
White House, where he had a talk with
the President in the presence of the
other members of the family.
THE AMAZONAS
NOW FLIES THE
STARS AND STRIPES
Continued from First Page.
the crew standing at "attention."
Captain Leary said he had a pleas
ant voyage from Lisbon. Speaking
of the warship deal, he said he had
read dispatches which at first made
him think that war had been da
clared.
Commodore Howell, who was re
ceived by Lieutenant Commander
Colwell the moment the San Fran
cisco reached her moorings, ordered
600 tons of coal for the San Fran
cisco and 300 tons for the Amazonas,
which is coaling and is expected to
complete the work on Monday, when
she will go to Molhaven to take on
ammunition which is waiting for her
there. Afterward the Amazonas
sails for Key West, the San Francis
co going to New York.
Commander Nazero takes com
mand of the Amazonas, and seven
other officers of the San Francisco
will accompany him. Stokers and
some seamen will be shipped here.
BUILDINGS NEEDED AT
MANY ARMY POSTS.
Places at Which General Miles De-
Clares Sheicer Should Be Erected
NEW YORK, March 18.— A Wash
ington special to the Herald says: Ma
jor General Miles, Quartermaster Gen
eral Marshall I. Ludington and Cap
tain M. C. Marin of the quartemas
ter's department, which has charge of
the construction of buildings at army
posts, spent the greater part of the aft
ernoon at the Capitol in conference
with the chairman o-f the Appropria
tions Committee. General Miles and
the quartermaster general presented a
detailed statement of the number and
character of buildings designed to be
erected at artillery posts, and pointed
out the necessity of sufficient money
being immediately appropriated to en
able the department to begin work at
all seacoast posts at once. There are
twenty-five posts at which artillery
men are now stationed or under orders
to take station, which are unprovided
with quarters for officers or barracks
for enlisted men.
As a consequence troops are obliged to
live in tents, which on northern coasts,
particularly at this season, is both in
convenient and dangerous to health.
The posts at which new buildings are
needed are: Portland, Me.; Ports
mouth, N. H.; Boston; Dutch Island, at
Narragansett Bay; Great Gull Island
and other fortifications at the eastern
entrance to Long Island Sound; posts
at the eastern entrances to New York
Bay, Fort Delaware and Fort Mott;
Hawkins and North Point; Fort Sheri
dan; Fort Caswell, N. C. ; Savannah,
Mobile, New Orleans, Galveston, San
Diego, San Francisco, Seattle, Arrow
stone Point and Admiralty Head, Puget
Sound.
Plans for buildings at these points to
accommodate one and two batteries
have been prepared at the department
and everything is in readiness to be
gin as soon as the appropriation is
made available.
YACHT MAYFLOWER
AS A WAR VESSEL
Board Appointed to Make an Ex
amination and Report as to the
Best Armament.
NEW YORK, March 18.— A change
has been made at the Brooklyn Navy
yard in the plans for preparing the
cruiser Chicago for sea. Several mounts
for the 5-inch guns had been hoisted
aboard during the week, but have now
been put back on the dock. It is said
that the mounts are being held for pos
sible use on the auxiliary cruisers.
The Dolphin is slated to go into com
mission next Thursday. Commander
Lyons is now engaged in selecting the
rapid-fire guns for his vessel.
Admiral Bunce to-day appointed a
board of officers to make a survey of the
yacht Mayflower and report as to what
changes should be made and also as to
what armament she can best carry.
The board examined the Mayflower to
day. An officer at the yard said that it
would take not more than thirty days
to get the Mayflower ready for sea.
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1898.
YET WORKING
DILIGENTLY
Court of Inquiry Goes
on With the In
vestigation.
Sessions in Secret Held Aboard
the Big Battleship lowa
at Key West.
While the Naval Men Continue to
Probe the War Vessels Take
on Ammunition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY "WEST, Fla., March 18.— The
Court of Inquiry is diligently continu
ing its sessions on board the battle
ship lowa, and, judging from state
ments made by members, it is quite
problematical how many more days will
pass before the public learns its con
clusions.
By the courtesy of Rear-Admiral Si
card a Call correspondent was to-day
enabled to escape the rigor of the re-
cent order forbidding correspondents to
go on board warships, and was the first
civilian to interview the members of
the court since they secreted them
selves on Wednesday on the lowa.
Captain Sampson received the corre
spondent on the poop. In the admiral's
cabin below were Captain Chadwick,
Lieutenant-Commander Potter and
Judge- Advocate Marlx, They had been
in session since 10 o'clock this morning
with the ship's writer acting as clerk.
"The court is still hard at work," he
said. "I have just left my conferees.
It is utterly impossible to say when
our report will be ready. If I sur
mised the date and you reported it I
am afraid something might occur that
would defeat the expectation and only
serve to disappoint the anxious pub
lic. When the report is ready it will
not be for us to make the announce
ment. "Washington, I presume, will do
that."
If a preliminary report had already
been sent to Washington, Captain
Sampson apparently knew nothing of
it. In the course of the afternoon,
while the court continued in session
without once coming out of the eabinu
large quantities of ammunition were
taken on board. The same thing took
place on the New York. Both ships
are now better supplied with ammuni
tion than they have been at any tim»
before.
At 4 o'clock this afternoon, the regu
lar hour during previous sessions of the
court for adjournment, Captain Chad
wick and Lieutenant Potter entered a
gig and were rowed to the New York.
Judge-Advocate Marix is staying on
board the lowa. The court will re
sume its sessions to-morrow.
Unusual precautions are observed on
the New York and the Towa, double
harbor watches being enforced. Every
craft that passes on Its way into the
harbor is submitted to the closest scrut
iny of searchlights. "Both vessels are
ready to pull out at fifteen minutes'
notice and special attention is being
irivan to the instruction of the sailora
in small arms and firing practice.
To-morrow the court will devote con
siderable time to the preparation of
diagrams showing parts of the Maine
as found after the explosion.
CUBANS WILLING
TO BUY FREEDON.
But the Amount They Stand Ready
to Pay Spain Grows Decidedly
Less Daily.
NEW YORK. March 18.— That the
Cubans are willing to end the strife
in their island is without question, but
while they are willing to pay Spain
an indemnity, the leaders here are pos
itive in their assertions that they are
not weakening in the slightest degree
and are willing to continue the figh/
The question of the amount of indem
nity which might be paid in case such
an agreement were feasible was talk
ed of earnestly by the officials of the
junta here to-day. Just what amount
might have been paid three years ago
and that which might seem reasonable
now from the Cubans' point of view
may be gathered from the following
reply to such a question, which Thomas
Estrada Palma made this evening:
"At the beginning of the war the
debt was $250,000,000, but Cuba could
not stand it, and this was one of the
reasons that the revolt was precipi
tated. In the beginning of 1896, after
the invasion of the western provinces
by the Cubans, the latter might have
been willing to pay $200,000,000. At the
beginning of the rainy season of 1896-97
they would have paid $150,000,000, but
now they would not give more, if as
much, than $100,000,000. If the wet sea
son should set in this year before such
an agreement could be arranged, we
would not think of paying anything.
The reasons for the decrease in the
amounts are the increased chances of
our success," continued Mr. Palma,
"not to speak of the destruction and
desolation of the island that impairs
its productive capacity."
AIR OF SUSPENSE AT
THE NAVY DEPARTMENT.
"WASHINGTON. March 18.— An air of
suspense was noticeable in the Navy
Department to-day, due to the ap
proach of the time for the delivery of
the report of the Court of Inquiry. It
is not known just when the document
will come to Washington, and, in view
of the reports of the determination of
outside parries to obtain possession of
it before the department receives it,
the officials, if they know, will not say
how the papers are to be brought to
Washington. All that is known defin
itely is that the President has sug
gested that the report may be made as
soon as possible, and in consequence it
is expected to reach this city in the
course of two or three days. The Cab
inet to-day talked over the matter, and
the members heard all that Secretary
Long had to report on the subject.
There is an impression that Lieuten
ant-Commander Marix will bring the
document, though it is within Admiral
Sicard's power to choose any other
officer.
A Cabinet officer expressed the be
lief that the report will require careful
consideration on the part of the Presi
dent and his Cabinet before given to
the public, which would seem to post
pone publication to some time about
the middle of next week, although
nothing is certain on that point.
Prince Bismarck's Prophecy.
BERLIN, March 18.— At Friedriehs
rhue to-day Prince Bismarck prophesied
that Cuba would become an Indepndent
republic by diplomatic means. Spain,
he said, could not rely upon any sup
port except possibly from France or
Italy.
STRENGTH OF
SPAIN'S ARMY
It Has Been Weakened
Greatly During the
Cuban War.
Seventy Thousand Killed or
Incapacitated for Duty on
the Is and.
However, Jn Emergencies the Nation
Could Raise a Force of
610,000 Troops.
Special Btapatch to The Call.
Call OfTuv, Riggs House,
Washington, March IS.
Seventy thousand men is the number
of Spanish (mldlers who have been
killed, wounded and otherwise inca
pacitated for duty during the present
war in Cuba. Th^?. figures have been
received in this city recently from reli
able sources and are said to be as
nearly authentic as it is possible to
obtain them without recourse to the
records kept by the Spanish/ Govern
ment. From this same source consid
erable other information bearing on the
military strength of Spain and her de
pendencies is obtained.
The present for"- of Spain in Cuba
is as follow: Regular, 135,000 men. Of
this number it is estimated that 80,000
of them are effective for military pur
poses. They are distributed through
out the island as follows: About 25,000
are in the two eastern provinces of
Santiago de Cuba and Puerto Prin
cipe, and the remainder are in the
provinces of Santa Clara, Matanzas.
Havana and Pinar del Rio. There are
about 30,000 members in what is known
as the volunteer army. These are
mostly in the province of Havana and
are largely in the nature of home
I guards, corresponding to our State
militia. There are :.5,000 men who are
not effective for military duty from
various causes.
The strength of the Spanish army at
home and Including her near-by poses
sions is 100,000 men. which in times of
demand for additional soldiers may be
increased as folows: First reserve 50.
000; second reserve. 160,000 men, all of
whom are Instructed in military tac
tics and a second reserve, all of which
are not instructed, of 30,000 men mak
ing in all a grand t.'tal of 610,000 men.
Since these figures were received here
recent drafts of 15,000 men to strength
en the army in Cuba leave only 85,000
men of Spain's regular army now in
the peninsula, the Balearic Islands, the
Spanish possessions in North Africa and
the Canary Islands.
In the Philippine Islands Spain ha 3
an army of 32,000 men, which includes
about 15,000 native troops. Several reg
iments of the latter were disbanded
during the time of the late insurrection
in the islands, and in time of war, it
is said, they are of very little use to
the Spanish Government.
In Porto Rico there are 5000 Spanish
troops, which, In ;he event of hostili
ties,'could be supplemented by 4000 vol
unteers. ______
CUTTING OUT ONE
SECTION OF THE SHIP.
Material Evidence That the Maine
Was Destroyed by an Outside Ex
plosion to Be Secured.
NEW YORK, March 18.— A Havana
dispa+ch Bays that material evidence of
the fact that the Maine was blown up
from the outside will be taken to Key
West and perhaps to Washington.
Divers have discovered and are cutting
out the exeat section of the Maine's
hull, which shows the point of impact
of the explosive force. The full cross
section of the vessel, twenty feet in
measurement, will, if possible, be
raised, loaded upon a lighter and towed
to Key West or Tortugas for investiga
tion of the members of the Board of
Inquiry.
PROBABILITY OF A
CONFLICT INCREASES.
An Austrian Newspaper Thinks Spain
Is Merely Pretending to
Desire Peace.
LONDON, March 19.— Vienna
correspondent of the Times says: The
increasing probability of a Hispano-
American conflict engrosses public at
tention. S-ain's latest representations
at Washington are regarded as an indi
cation that the situation has grown
worsS : '■
The Fremdenblatt, expressing this
opinion, finds it conceivable that Spain
should seek to prevent America perfect
ing her armaments by a pretense of de
siring peace. _'
Naval Personnel Bill.
WASHINGTON, March 18.— By re
quest of Secretary Long the issue as to
the enactment into law of the naval
personnel bill will not be precipitated
until the naval appropriation bill is
passed by the House. This change of
view of the administration was com
municated to the Hoi*se Committee on
Naval Affairs to-day by Assistant Sec
retary Roosevelt, who appeared before
the committee at the request of Secre
tary Long.
GOLD AT THE FOOT
OF VALDES GLACIER.
Copper River Prospector Claims to
Have Made a Fabulously
Rich I md.
.SEATTLE, March Among the
latest arrivals from the Copper River is
W. A. Conover of Red Bank, N. J. Ac
cording to his story he has made a
gold discovery of fabulous richness at
the very foot of Valdes glacier on an
obscure creek within three miles of
Copper City. As evidence of his find,
Conovei' exhibited to The Call corre
spondent to-nirht six nuggets of virgin
gold, worth from $1 50 to $2 50 each,
the aggregate ; value of the lot , being
$17 50. fj He claims |to have taken them
out in four hours : with a shovel and
gold pan, from the surface dirt and un
der ; the most unfavorable circum
stances. 5 '- ", :: t--jt --j - ■■-' 7 -"J ; - ' ■•' '.-'■•^. :f:;
•
PASSED THROUGH WRECKAGE.
Evidence of a Sea Disaster Off the
Coast Near Trinidad.
EUREKA, March 18.— A report from
Trinidad states that the Canadian seal
ing schooner C. D. Rand, which ar
rived there for water, passed through
a large quantity of wreckage thirty
miles north of Trinidad, comprising
cases of coal oil, the roof of a cabin,
the stump of a mast, etc. The roof
was white, with yellow trimmings. The
opinion was that the wreckage belonged
to some vessel that had gone ashore in
that vicinity-
ACCUSED OF
BAD FAITH
Spanish Papers at Havana
Say Mean Things of
Uncle Sam.
Declare American Friendship
Has Been Hypocritical and
Carthaginian.
Considerable Enthusiasm. at the
, Cuban Capital in Raising Fund^s
for a Warship.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Dennett.
HAVANA, March 18.— El Correo in
its issue to-night declares that Spain
occupies an attitude regardless of the
bravado of jingoes and is suspicious
of the situation of the American fleet
around Cuba and Porto Rico. When the
time arrives Spain will understand
how to change the attitude from se
renity to aggressiveness in this con
nection.
El Correo gives on the first page a
large illustration showing the position
of each American warship within strik
ing distance of Cuba. The paper joins
La Marina, La Union and El Commer
cio in attacking the unfair position the
United States has taken.
These papers all declare that Ameri
can friendship has been hypocritical
and Carthaginian. Professing regard
for the Spanish, America has allowed
filibustering expeditions to freely leave
its ports with aid for Cuban insurrec
tionists. The attitude of the Havana
papers has changed in the last few
i days. The United States are openly
charged with bad faith.
The performance at the theater
to-morrow night to swe'" the fund being
raised for the purchase of a warship
for Spain will be a great success. The
entire house has been sold several times
over. Havana is more wrought up
than it .has _«een for a month. Devel
opments of the next three days will be
closely watched and may be of impor-
Two more bodies in an advanced
stage of decomposition were recovered
to-day from the wreck of the Maine.
One may possibly be identified by pe
culiar tattoo marks on the arm, two
hearts pierced with daggers and sur
mounted by a clover leaf tinged with
red.
The divers to-day recovered part of
the ship's silver service and another of
the six-pound guns. On Monday work
will be begun in earnest by the big
derrick Chief, and it is expected some
of the larger guns will be lifted and
much of the heavier portion of the
wreckage removed. Chief Engineer
Howell, Paymaster Ray and others of
the Maine officers, except Captain Sigs
bee, Lieutenant-Colonel Wainwright
and "Chaplain Chidwick will probably
be ordered to leave Havana in a few
days.
The orteers of the Austrian school
ship Donau recently visited the graves
of the Maine's dead seamen in Havana
cemetery and decked them with flowers
and a silk pennant, gracefully express
ing the sorrow of the Austrian navy.
Lispenard Stewart of New York and
Dudley Gautler Hempstead of Lojig
Island to-night gave a dinner at the
Hotel Inglaterra to Consul-General
Lee, with Captain Sigsbee of the Maine
and Commander Cowles of the Fern
as guests. _______^___
TALKS LIKE AN
IDIOT, NOT DIPLOMAT.
A Spanish TSmbassador Who Declares
That Spain Could Raise Revolt?
in Southern States.
VIENNA, March 18.— The Neve Preie
Presse publishes an interview with a
Spanish statesman, evidently the Mar
quis de Hoyos, the. Spanish Ambassa
dor, who is represented as saying:
"Spain would rather have war with the
United States than pay compensation
for the Maine, for by the latter course
she would forfeit her honor because an
admission of guilt would erase ber
name from the lisj of civilized nations.
It could not be England's intention to
see the Spaniards expelled from Cuba
as there might arise at Washington an
inclination to declare Canada's inde
pendence. If during a war the United
States should incite the Philippines to
revolt Spain would revenge herself by
raising revolts in the American South
ern States."
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
These two words emphasize a neces- Only those who have been relieved It did me so much good my faith in ItW
sity and indicate a remedy. / of ; great suffering can fully appreciate merits became very strong. About two
ODTJT . TP .. Q.. ._t.* «^ wi-jji" , the gratitua : .with which the testi- years later I had a running sore on my
SPRING-the season when the blood is mO nials overflow written in favor of foot. It developed into erysipelas and
most impure as a result of the win- Hood's Sarsaparilla. Just read this: affected the entire limb. At that time
ter's closer confinement, higher liv- ; :■ '• ■'•- :'•".■' I was '. J
ing, slower action of the kidneys and — "~~ r **^ s «^  - mud r»
liver; when humors of all kindsT boils, .>/!_/*% Very Much Run Down,
pimples and eruptions are most liable / JaC& r rsk as I had been troubled with dyspepsia,
to appear; when the weak, languid . / -^Sp **! ■ 3H\ The drain on my system was so severe
condition of the whole bodily struc- / *W 3 ,M \ and my st , omach . wa ? so Q,r'l*kQ ,r'1* k r 1^ 6 "
, / 7 r^r^K JESS/r \ came a ready victim of malaria. I fear-
ture demands and welcomes help. / /.A/ V^®| . M^ - \ ed I could never regain my. health. My
MEDICINE— that to which the millions / w£^^-srssi§k 4 \ stomach rebelled at the simplest food,
turn at this season-Hood's Sarsapa- . WW^^W I arid the medicines prescribed for me
turn at this season— Hoods Sarsapa- V 7 l^fjf)^ W ga ve but little relief. I- sent for a
rilla. The original and only prepara- I "4^ VffllW f'tvV" l^'- / bottle of Hood's Sarsaparilla, and I
tion especially adapted to the present \ B^^VW'/fi/ /■'- had taken this medicine but three
needs of the human family; that \ Vk A»^l/ W I days when I began to improve. Con-
which makes the blood pure and V / tinuins with it, lam now better and
clean, as shown by its thousands of \ /JP^fc / stronger than I ever expected to be. It
clean, as snow noy its tnousanas ot \ 7SF«»y A /has purified my blood and given good
wonderful cu:-s of dreadful blood dis- X^/[w^^^|A / Z\ circulation. I have had no return of
eases: creates an eppetite ; and cures >sA '' m ' " ,my old .troubles since."— W. Kane,
dyspepsia, as shown by its "magic : -^^^wi?! -__2> -^^ * ' Media, Pa. Hood's Sarsaparilla is
touch" in- air - stomach troubles; - • , _, MoHirinp far You
steadies and strengthens the nerves, "C. I. Hood Co., Lowell, Mass.: * " \' The " ieaicme Tor tuu.
as proved by people forr-.erly nervous, "Gentlemen: My first experience Because of what it has done for others;
now calm and self-possessed, thanks with Hood's Sarsaparilla was when I because you ought this spring to take
to I used it as a tonic and spring medicine.' that which will do you the most good.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
■ America's. Greatest Medicine, because It cures when all others fail. Be sure to get Hood's. %-
DRUNKENNESS! JiMRLII. £, *gg*si£
n. , . . . c . , 1- S» t flalistcio-Mrr!vate,Nervous,»:oodnii(lSkiu I »fil ICSI 2UBSIT ST. tBt 6th & Tth.'E.F. C«L
Painless treatment.-. Sixth year; -1000 ; Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over ■ E*; B • The of lv Undine WorU.
cured : lowest prices; write to-day for full 20yesrs' experience. .Send for Book, i'atlentn 9 ABA B ' ,«_.J.., r» • i .*•
oarticulars Board free No rmhUritv cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9to 8 I Sail DR. JORDAN — Private DISeaSM.
particulars, Hoard Tree. No publicity. rially;f,:3o.ioB.:»cVes. Bandars. 10 to 12. Onsulta- 1 tfvßf \ cor. it.-ion fr». Writ, for n. ok ■
Cures guaranteed. . .. . v - lion free and sacredly eonfldenuaV Caii or addrea* AH , -■ •iin.iu ."l m _l M-.-i^-,.
„,,„ „ r>roa t> cv ci n »•• koscoe n f m ltt. m. d.. Vi S Hiniosopny of Marriage.
Gold Cure, Sacramento, Cal. 26 Page St., S. F. ao.^ Kemr »tre«». *** rra««u«». r«i. i I 'v; ««*»*» «xx s -
COLORED TROOPS
WILL BE SENT TO
FIGHT IN CUBA
They Will Stand the Climate of
the Islaod Better in Sum
mer Thar) White Men.
NEW YORK, March 18.--- A "Washington special to the Herald says:
In the event of the necessity of detailing United States troops for inva
sion and occupation of Cuba, during the rainy season, it is probable
that the main body of the army will be composed of colored troops.
Such a plan is being seriously considered at the War Department, and
should the number of colored soldiers now in the regular service be in
sufficient the department has the assurance that an adequate number of
colored volunteers from Southern States can be counted on.
Senator Bates of Tennessee called to-day at the department to pre
sent a proposition from colored veterans of the late war, and asserts
that he is able to immediately raise a brigade of efficient colored troops.
The Senator vouched for the ability of the men to do this, and spoke
approvingly of the plan to utilize colored soldiers for service in Cuba.
The negro. proved himself to be an excellent soldier during the civil
war. and his record in the regular army since that period has been ex
cellent. He is considered as better able to endure the infected climate
of Cuba during the rainy season than white soldiers, being to a gTeat
extent immune to yellow fever and malaria affections.
Four regiments of the regular army are now composed of colored
troops. These are the Ninth and Tenth regiments of cavalry and
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth regiments of infantry. There are no
colored artillery regiments in the regular service, and none of the offi
cers of the army are colored men.
GREAT DAM FAST
GOING TO WRECK
Woodbridge Canal Property
Now in a Deplorable
Condition.
Farmers of a Rich District Have Ex
pended Time and Money
in Vain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, March 18.— The landowners
along the line of the big Woodbridge
canal are vitally Interested in the ques
tion as to what the bondholders are go
ing to do with the big institution, now
that they have secured control of it
through the commissioner's sale ordered
by the United States District Court.
The wreck of this once magnificent
property has worked innumerable hard
ships to the community which a few
years ago staked time and labor in or
der to insure its completion. Stripped
>of explanations as to how the legal
; troubles forced the projectors out. wreck
ed the property and threw it into the
hands or the trust company, the final re
sult is that all claimants other than the
bondholders are out in the cold and the
latter class has secured property that
would pay interest on $500,000 for less than
$50,000.
It has been three years since Receiver
Chapman took charge of the property and
his offices have availed nothing, either in
satisfying creditors or operating or keep
ing in repair the plant. The great dam
above Woodbridge has gone to wreck and
the Mokelumne has swept away nearly
one-third of the massive structure. .Hold
ers of water rights have been unable to
get any water through the side ditches 1
for nearly two years, and fields which
could be yielding bountiful crops of
grain, even during the drouth, are given
over to stock and clover.
The main ditches traverse what may be
termed the richest part of San Joaquin
County above Lodi, and it is feared that
the farmers will be forced into usurious
contracts in case the company is reor
ganized under the' new deal. In the mean
time the water is running to waste, as
no storage is possible, while fields are
languishing for water.
Since the sale before the commissioner
no change has been made in the condi
tions at Woodbridge. and the farmers
who have lost so much through the ma
nipulations are loudly demanding infor
mation. All the information they get ia
♦hat the litigation is still in progress to
determine rights of certain creditors.
This irrigation canal and the Stanis
laus and San Joaquin are both successes,
so far as the main object is concerned,
but both threaten to go to pieces on finan
cial rocks.
Nevada Militia Row.
CARSON, March IS.— Battery A, First
Nevada Artillery, has decided to disband,
and has forwarded to Governor Sadler a
copy of resolutions severely scoring both
the Governor, as commander-in-chlef. and
Colonel Lord of Virginia City, where the
company is stationed. The trouble gTew
from the recent court martial proceed
ings against officers and members of the
company for violating an order from
headquarters. The accused were convict
ed, and after conviction proved that they
had been unjustly punished. An appeal
was made to Sadler to revoke the sen
tence and exonerate the convicted, which
request, while he acknowledged its merit,
he refused to grant.
WILL ENTERTAIN
MANY VISITORS
San Jose . Preparing for th*
Carnival of Buds and
Blossoms.
Guests to Be Treated to a Delightful
Drive Through Blooming
Orchards.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 18.— Preparations ar«
rapidly going ahead for the bud and
blossom carnival to be held in this city
on Saturday, March 26, and the success
of the event is now assured. The or
chardists and business men are taking a
keen interest in the project, and nothing
will be left undone to advertise the re
sources of the county and to entertain
the guests in a delightful manner. The
Southern Pacific will run an excursion
train from San Francisco on that day,
with a round-trip rate of $1 25, passengers
returning on a late train that night or
the following day. On the arrival of the
train the visitors will be met at the depot
by conveyances and driven through the
orchard districts, that they may see the
beauty of the blooms anil inhale the
fragrance of the thousands of acres of
blossoming trees. An open invitation haa
been extended to the people of the State,
and it is expected thousands of visitors
will be here at the carnival.
Death of Dr. Patton.
DUBLIN, March IS.— Dr. Patton, editor
of the Daily Express and Dublin corre
spondent of the London Times, is dead.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Friday, March 18.
Schr J M Colman, Treanor, Astoria.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Shea, San Diego.
Stmr Progreso. Gilboy, Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrived Mar IS— Stmr GiJH.-»
Loomis, hence 17th. •
GRAY'S HARBOR— Sailed Mar 18— Bktn Gar
diner City for San Francisco, schr C A Thayer
for Guaymas, schr Azalea for San Francisco,
schr La Glronde for Redondo, schr Enterprise
for San Francisco. Arrived— Schr Reporter
from Newport.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Mar 18— Schrs
Laura Madsen, R W Bartlett and Mildred for
San Francisco, ship Yosemite for Dyea,
COOS BAY— Arrived Mar IS— Schr Wing and
Wing, hence 3d.
VENTURA— SaiIed Mar 18— Stmr George
Loomis for San Francisco, schr Esther Buhna
for .
ASTORIA— SaiIed Mar IS— Br bark Gwynedd
for Queenstown. Arrived— Stmr George W
Elder from Dyea, Br bark Bass of Leny and
Ger bark Barnabek from Hlogo. Arrived Mar
17— Schr Salvator from San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Mar IS— Schr Lillebonna
for Eureka.
CLEARED.
Friday, March 18.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, Nanaimo; John
Rosenfelds Sons.
Brig W G Irwin, Williams, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bark S C Allen, Johnson, Honolulu; Will««
lams, Dlmond & Co.
Schr Antelope. Anderson, Portland; Alaska.
Packers' Association.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— SaiIed Mar 18— Stmrs Homer an<J
Samoa for San Francisco, stmr Fulton fo*
Seattle.FAMINE AND SCURVY
ALONG THE YUKON
SAM WALL
DESCRIBES
THE MISERY
Two Thousand People
May Soon Face
Hunger.
On the Way to the Klon
dike Men Are Stranded
Along the River.
Captain Ray Tells of the Situa
tion That Promises to Be
come Perilous.
MINERS IN DESPERATION.
Promptness and Firmness of Two
Army Officers Prevent Lawless
ness nnd liupendincj Starvation.
BY SAM W. WALL.
CIRCLE CITY, January 13 (to Dyea
by special courier and by steamship to
Seattle, March 17).— There are a num
ber of persons who came in this year,
destination Dawson, who are wintering
here against their will. The following
passengers of the little steamer St.
Michael are in winter- quarters: C. R.
John D. Barmorly, C. H. Har
vey, Herman Carpenter, Fred T. Barry,
Ben Oleson, B. Mosses, all of New York;
Charles R. Stewart of New Jersey. Pat
Boland, S. Marks, Thomas Gillespie,
James Thomas, John Partridge of Mon
tana, Jesse Nevremont, H. Carroll, Ben
Davis of California, P. Habernall of
Washington, Captain Pasco of Idaho,
Jules LaSalle. Colorado; Captain George
Dunn and Thomas Marshall of Mas
sachusetts, Dr. Hy. Watkins, Dr.
rge H. Merryman of Illinois, Comte
dHauteville, R. Polimere, L. Tremblay
of Denver, Alan H. Craig, Missouri;
James Schaffer, Alaska; James Troo
ton. Colorado; Clarence Craig, Ken
tucky.
These were passengers on the Excel
sior from San Francisco: John Field,
Charles Sylterig, George Knutson, Si
vert Bradley, Axel Johnson, F. Jaccord,
L. Jaccord and V. A. Jaccord, all of
San Francisco; W. E. Ray, George F.
Bemta of Sanger, Cat; E. Griffin, K.
F. Benjamin dark of Los Angeles, A.
N. Thomas of Idaho, Fred B. Cruz,
Charley Brooks.
The following have left Circle and
have probably arrived by this time in
Dswson: G. M. Hill of Berkeley, H.
Rinkert of San Francisco, W. H. Ber
tjh.u, Shellay Graves, Captain C. E.
TT. betts. Jack o'Hara, Kd Lung of Ta
coma, 'William Moore of San Francisco,
L. X. Graof c-f Juneau.
Dr. Spencer Harris, formerly of Oak
land, Cal., and lately connected with
the Alaska Commerpial Company's
store here, died December 21, and his
remains were buried December 23.
The holding up of the steamers
Weare and Bella at Circle City on
th.Mr way up the river, the taking com
mand of those boats by the crowd on
thHr return down at Forty Mile and
Circle City, the armed attack on the
cache of the American Commercial
Company at this place, the forcible re
lease of a prisoner at Circle City, to
gether with reports of other raids said
to be in contemplation, have convinced
Captain Ray that unlesssome force suf
ficient to maintain order is posted on
the river this year will witness
an extravagance of lawlessness that
will be very discreditable to the Gov
ernment. He believes that there is a
large element here bent upon making a
clean up as highwaymen do it. He is
convinced that the attack upon the
American Commercial Company's
cache was not an impulse of the con
gregated unfortunates, but was the
development of a plan formed in
Dawson, the weapons and ammunitions
being secured there and at Circle City.
That so many rifles should turn up in
a crowd otherwise destitute he con
siders strong evidence in support of the
information he has on that point. He
is also warned and believes that the
boats that this summer may be ex
pected to carry out great weights of
gold stand in imminent danger of be
ing held up and looted. Had the at
tack upon the cache hero been success
mf-\\ Captain Ray believes that s'nilar
V.ioves would have been made at Daw
son and Circle City.
To meet and prevent any such at
tempt in the future he thinks the Gov
ernment Should establish military
posts along the river with an army of
ficer in command having the right and
power to act. A civil government in
a country like this where the popula
tion is composed almost entirely of so
journers rather than residents he be
lieves would be impotent. With re
gard to the action that should be
taken by the Government to advance
and maintain American interests
Captain Ray is anxious to lay before
the President a plan for the establish
ment of a mail route from Cooks In
let to the mouth of the Tanana. He
believes that a post route would in one
season demonstrate to private capital
the feasability of a railroad, the estab
lishment of which would solve the
whole problem. It would insure cheap
er provisions besides communication
with thf outside.
With these would come cheaper labor,
the opening up of the Tanana country,
thought to bo th<^ richest in this rich
region, and the establishment of a sup
ply center at the Tanana accessible
from the outside all the year round,
thus dispelling forever the fear of hun
ger lhat has always hur.^ over this en
tire northern country. It is to press
these matters upon the attention of the
Government that Captain Ray is so
anxious to reach Washington this win
ter.
Mopumental blundering seems to
have marked the course of the com
panies' agents with regard to the man
l^q-ement of the boats, and great loss
disappointment has resulted inso
much that both companies are under
suspicion of having acted in bad faith
with their patrons and to have con
nived at the failure of the boats to get
through the flats last fall.
Having reached Dawson with almost
no provisions, boats started down the
river crowded with men. Those on the
Weare were employed with the de
clared purpose of unloading quickly at
A BARROOM SCENE IN SKAGUAY.
Fort Yukon and returning to Dawson.
Those on the Bella were given free
passage to Yukon. Neither, because
of the ice, got further than Circle. The
extra crew on the Weare, believing
that the boat could be put through if
the commanders so desired, threatened
to take possession of it.
I have in earlier dispatches reported
what took place following this until the
men embarked from Circle City in
small boats to make their way amid
the lloating ice to Fort Yukon. I to
day heard from Captain Ray the in
terrupted story in these words. He
said:
"I was on the Bella, attempting to
reach Dawson, and had gotten as far
as Forty Mile, when the Weare came
down the river. The floating ice warned
me that the river would not long re
main open, and as my post was on this
side of the line I shifted over to the
i Weare. I found her Joaded with men
who were promised an outfit and $5
a day for the trip. When we got to
Circle City, after making a landing at
about 11 o'clock, these men insisted that
the boat should be pushed through.
Captain Marimer gave them no definite
answer. In the afternoon, as the
boat still lay there, they began to get
impatient and angry. The captain
still refused to give the order to move.
The weather grew colder and a little
later he pulled her up in the slough.
The men held a meeting that after
noon and Captain Marimer and Mr.
King, the company's agent, came to
me, both a little nervous. However,
the men did not assume any deter
mined attitude till the next day, when
some of them came to me and de
clared they had been ashore without
anything to eat and that they had de
termined to take the steamer to Fort
Yukon and to take provisions out of
the company's Store, if necessary.
"I went out to see how many rifles
I could find to co-operate with the
Miners' Association against them.
That afternoon the men came to me
i and stated they would drop aggressive
measures if I would help them out of
their predicament. I investigated and
found that the company owed the men
certain concessions. I refused to in
terfere as to their claims, but said I
would see that they got food and
shelter. I went to King and he ac
knowledged the justice of their claim
to that extent, and that night I saw
the men housed in a dismantled res
taurant and a mess started. That was
the 3d of October and all remained se
rene until the 10th, when the river
cleared of ice. The men held a meet
ing and resolved that the boat sho;»d
be taken to Pert Yukon. The Weare
was now fast in the shore ice. Cap
tain Marimer, in my presence, agreed,
if the boat was cut out of the ice and
he then considered it safe, he would
go. He worked all that day and the
next cutting a channel for the boat
through the ice to the open water.
"At noon of the 11th the men in
charge of the work came to me and
said that Captain Marimer did not in
tend to keep his word, as the engineer
had received no word and the engines
were not in shape. I went and saw
that what they said was true. I told
them I did not believe the steamer
could get down; that they must not
make trouble and that I would resist
any attempt at force. I said that if
they acted at once I thought they i
could get there in small boats. Cap- I
tain Geiger had agreed to see that I
they got small boats, and I said
I would see that they food.
They accepted, and a barge and three
small boats started the next morning
at 8 o'clock. After they had got under
way, knowing the bitterness they felt
toward the company, I grew anxious
about the safety of the caches here. I
had no opportunity to send word to
Lieutenant Richardson in charge here
and determined to start myself.
"A party of miners happening to land
at that time I embarked with them at
10 o'clock. We drifted all that day
arid arranged to run all night. At about
8:30 the Indian pilot, Paul, called us,
saying he thought the river was freez
ing. I came out from under the shel
ter and heard the peculiar sound of
ice in motion. I called all hands and
told the men the river was gorging
below. I tried to get the boat headed
up stream or across to reach the
shore, but before we could turn her we
were forced into the jam. We could
not see the shore and the ice was pil
ing up on both sides and it was with
the greatest labor that we kept her
from being forced under. Gradually
the ice formed about us and we were
in a pack.
"The ice was too soft to bear our
weight, but at 11 o'clock we were still
fast. The sky cleared and the mer
cury dropped to 10 degrees below zero.
At daylight we found ourselves off the
right bank of an island, and after sev
eral attempts with a setting pole, we
got ashore. We transferred all of our
baggage and provisions, supposing we
had reached the mainland. I cut
across through the woods, however,
and discovered an open lead of water
on the other side. I saw figures on
the shore and in the ice, the boats of
the Weare that had left an hour ahead
of us. I signaled, they got a boat
loose, rowed over and ferried us to
shore.
"Both parties then got together, and
asked me to take charge and tell them
what to do. With the crew of the
Weare, my boat's people and a number |
of ethers, who had come along, there
were about eighty men in the camp. I
had the provisions rounded up, ?nd
found there about four days' rations for
alt. We were about sixty miles *rom
Fort Yukon. I pointed out to the peo
ple that they couldn't get back to Cir
cle, as we were on the wrong side of
the river, and that we could not get to
Yukon fehoit of four days, and that the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1898.
| only th:ng to do was to cache the extra
j property, take blankets and provisions
! and fallow the trail of Indian Paul,
whom I had dispatched with a message
: to Lieutei't-nt Richardson as soon as I
landed. I \ f.rned them to keep gofng
untii they got there. They made prep
! arations at once, and at daylight thirty
moved out. At noon the camp was
clear. With my party I had three
1 days' short allowance of provisions.
During that day twenty-five or thirty
• mare people came dropping in. As all
■ seemed helpless and bewildered, I con
i eluded to hang on there as long as pos
i sible to keep them from stopping and
dying on the trail. Fortunately, on the
14th a miner, Mike Malloy, came along
, with extra provisions in his pack, and
supplied me with flour and bacon to
: last for a week with a fair margin for
destitutes. By the 15th I had 250 peo
ple on the trail between the Jam and
Fort Yukon. On the morning of the
22d two men, Joe Carroll and Fred
| Gash, came into camp. They had been
: traveling all night to get to me. They
I had been started by Lieutenant Rleh
! ardson after Paul's arrival with tobog
| gans and dogs, but had been compelled
i to leave the toboggan thirty-five miles
away, finding open water in the river
; and dense underbrush on land. We
; started next morning for Fort Yukon
I with these two hauling provisions and
1 blankets on a small sled. We made
i ten miles that day, there being no trail,
i That night Paul came into camp with
j the toboggan.
"We reached the post on the 25th and
found that the people ahead of us
I had been from five to seven days in
! coming through. Many had been three
j and four days without food. They had
; wandered away from the north bank
I out among the islands, and when they
; got to Fort Yukon found themselves
on the other side of the river with
open water between. Lieutenant Rich
ardson had discovered them through
glasses and had them ferried across,
housed them in tents and had been
feeding them, pending my arrival. They
had been holding meetings night and
day after getting settled, invited the
; lieutenant to be present, reviewed the
situation of their employment, and
; when I arrived they asked my advice,
! going over the whole ground again. In
j the meeting when the lieutenant was
I present a motion was made to demand
; outfits and take them if necessary. This
was not put, however. I made a prop
! osition that I would issue thirty days'
; provisions to any who were willing to
j go to work cutting wood for the steam
; boats, for which they would be paid
$5 a cord, the issue of provisions to be
gratis. They very generally accepted
I the conditions. Some had already gone
Ito work putting up buildings. On the
| 29th it was reported to me that there
i was a combination up at the Alaska
j Commercial Company's cache, three
and one-half miles above, that had or
ganized and armed for the avowed pur
pose of seizing the cache. That after
j noon I wont up with Lieutenant Rich
| ayison. Harry Davis, the agent, said
I the men had been holding meetings in
| the neighborhood for several days;
that they had sent a committee to him
demanding seven months' outfits de
claring they had seventy * five men
armed, and if he did not grant it they
would take it by force. A committee
was waiting on Davis when I arrived
| They demanded of him seven month. 1 ?'
[ provisions and clothes for nine months
j and said they would give their notes
for the amount at one year. Davis de
■ clined. I asked if any were absolute
ly destitute. One of the seven said he
was.
"I explained that I would give orders
on the store to feed those who were
destitute. As both companien offered
work at pood wages I believed they
should accept It rather than pursue the
course they were doing. If there were
any bona fide miners there who were
destitute I would endeavor to secure
them food on credit and would recom
mend that the Government secure the
bill. I came away without any definite
answer from them, but leaving Lieu
tenant Richardson at the cache. That
night about 10:30 o'clock I received a
note from him saying he believed they
intended to attad. the cache the next
morning. I wrote a proclamation tak
ing possession of the caches in the
name of the United States for the pro
tection of the citizens in Northern
Alaska, and warning all persons
against trespassing. I sent word to have
one posted on the door of the cache
and another on a tree in their camp,
and early next morning I started up to
the cache. About twenty-five men who
had volunteered accompanied me un
armed, as I deemed it wise not to make
any demonstration of force. When I
had arrived within half a mile of the
cache and near a thicket of birch a
man by the name of Noblett came out
and met me and said that the miners
wished me to come to their camp and
talk the matter over. This I declined
to do. He then came out plainly and
said it would be safer for me to go to
camp, as if I attempted to go to the
cache I would be fired upon.
"While talking to me I noticed him
raise his hand as if giving a signal, and
between twenty-five and thirty men
armed with rifles appeared Ir the edge
of the timber and covered myself and
party. Noblett then said they had
possession of the cache. As I had left
Lieutenant Richardson there and as I
had heard no firing, I told him he was
a liar. I told him he could fire, as I
was going to the cache just the same.
He then asked me if I was willing to
make the same proposition I had made
the day before, and I told him I would
make no more propositions. He then
asked me if I would wait a few mo
ments until he could talk with his men.
I saw him go to consult with some men
in the timber about seventy-five yards
away. In a few minutes he came back
and said he would make no further op
position to my going on. At the same
time he called in th<- firing party. At
the cache I found between seventy-five
and one hundred men, some of them
very much excited. I learned from
them that Noblett and his people had
been stopping destitutes coming down
the trail and representing that the com
panies would not sell on credit and that
they would not Issue to destitutes. I
at once made an order to issue ten
days' rations and n ■ titled, ai, that the
companies were offering work at fair
wages, and all must k<> to work who
had no money. To miners who were
without money, foci <>r credit I would
authorize the issue of tive months' pro
visions. I placed flags over the build
ings and warned all against molesting.
"When I arrived at the cache I
found Lieutenant Richardson patrolling
with a Winchester in front of the
building, keeping the entire mob at bay.
It was a sight to see. I learned from
him that Noblett had visited him the
evening previous, and said the men
wished to see him. Kiehardson replied
that he had no new terms to offer, and
would not go. Noblt-tt then said that
the men wished to take charge of him
for his protection; that they intended
to seize the cache, and no force could
stop them, but they lid not wish to in
jure him if it could be avoided. Rich
ardson acknowledged their considera
tion, but said that if they wanted him
thej must come and get him. Richard
son made some provision to meet an
attack. He sent a man In the early
morning with a message to warn me of
their intention to capture me and hold
me as hostage, on information which
he had learned from a man named
Sheridan, who overheard it discussed.
The messenger v.;is nieil upon twice
by sentries and capture*. I also found
they had been holding as prisoners in
their camp half a dozen men whom
they had arrested going toward Fort
Yukon to prevent any message being
sent me. One of these was a kodak
fi(-nd, who took a couple of snap shots
of the crowd, the negatives of which I
have sent to Washington.
"I appointed a committee to hear
the applicants for outlits, but soon
discovered they were issuing to all
comers, and so dismissed it and heard
the applicants myself. I have fur
nished relief for about 370 people and
drawn drafts on the Government for
about $30,000. Upward of 150 men are
cutting wood along the river and there
are about twenty indigent sick in the
hospital. The others have gone pros
pecting or have found employment in
the Birch Creek mines about Circle
City. Over two hundred purchased
supplies to last until July. I found
that thirty or forty of the hand that
organized to rob afterward developed
ample means to pay for their outfits,
and we required them to do so. I have
reliable information that the scheme of
the hold up was developed on the
steamer Bella. They secured arms by
buying or borrowing along the river.
It was not a case of destitution or of
starving people, but of robbery, they
knowing the great demand there would
be for food. They also desired to get
possession of the large quantity of li
quor that was landed there. Since then
there has been little or no friction. I
believe it will all result in great good.
About 15,000 cords of wood will be cut,
and men are scattered over the coun
try prospecting and are liable to dis
cover rich new mines.
"Had I sat here supinely and al
lowed the men to take the upper cache
order would be gone, and the result
would be that a great number of idle
men would be congregated here and I
would have found myself fighting for
my own cache. I was informed that
both Captain Hansen and Captain
Healy at Dawson were urging men to
come here, offering f,ree boats, and
representing that there were between
1600 and 2000 tons of provisions stored
here. The fact is there were less than
300 tons in both caches, exclusive of
whisky, two hundred tons of this be
ing in the A. C. C.'s cache. I tried to
communicate with the local heads of
both companies to have them co-op
erate with me and to send only the
destitute here.
"Word reached me from Minook that
an organized effort would be made
there by a band of lawless people to
capture the boats coming up with pro
visions and going down with gold
dust. A meeting was held there to
discuss the capture of the Bella, com
ing up, but I understand that General
Carr and ex-Governor McGraw talked
them out of it. I am told that Captain
Healy threatens to cut Circle City off
his list of trading posts because of the
way they treated his boats this fall.
He ordered his boats not to stop
there, but as it is a port of entry they
have to do so.
"There are now about 1300 people on
the river between the Nozekakut and
j the boundary line. There will be 2000
before June, when the river opens, all
without provisions. The boats will ob
ject to landing, as they will be eager
to get through to Dawson. if these
i people are stranded here they will par
alyze the upper country. I have no
i power to protect the people; what I
should have is power to disarm every
irresponsible person. These companies
should be made to treat the people
I fairly and the people must be made
to leave the property of the companies
alone. Capital properly invested should
be protected."
Brazil Will Not Sell.
Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gordon Bennett
RIO JANEIRO. March 18.— Tne Italian
Minister is negotiating a commercial
treaty with Brazil. The Government has
refused the proposition to purchase the
battle-ship Aquidaban made by the Unit
ed States.
CANADIANS
STEAL MORE
TERRITORY
Trouble Brewing on
the Borders of
Alaska.
Dominion Officials Ad
vance Farther on
Our Soil.
Now Collecting Duties Near
the Summit of the Two
Passes.
CONFLICT IS IMMINENT.
Governor Brady About to Depart for
Washington to See the
President.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, March 14 (by
steamship Queen to Seattle, March 18).
—After dinner this evening I had a long
interview with Governor John G. Bra
dy, and before that a talk with Col
lector of Customs J. W. Ivey. Things
are going to "pop" in Alaska before
long. The fuses of several official se
crets are about to be ignited. When
they go off there will be a sensation
I and a scurrying to cover.
Alaska is on the verge of radical
| changes, which will affect not only the
i people of the district, but which prom
| ise also to be of international interest
I and importance. I remarked to Gover
nor Brady that the day before yester
day I had seen the British Union Jack
| Haunting its colors on the summit of
j Chilkoot Pass, while crowds of Klon
j dikers passed below it in their hurried
| march to the Klondike. The Canadians
, moved up there some two weeks ago
j from Lake Bennett, and have since
I been collecting duty on the spot, about
! twenty rods from the summit of the
! Yukon side. At first there was much
indignation expressed at Dyea, but the
1 feeling has now calmed down, and duty
Jis being paid by Klondikers without
; protest. A few American flags may be
j seen at Sheep Camp, raised as if in de-
I fiance to the Canadians, and seemingly
I to imply that, thtrugh they have come
!so far, they must come no further.
I Governor Brady said:
"I am going up to Dyea and Skaguay
I in a few days with Collector Ivey. I
am going to make a special inspection
of the situation on the passes, on the
trails and in those towns. The Canad
ians have been nudging closer to the
summit gradually. I know that their
' Hag there is offensive to many men. At
first the Canadian authorities were sta
: tioned at Lake Leßarge, next they
. ! moved up to Lake Bennett and now
. they have pitched their tents and the
: British flag at the summit. I have no
. power to take any kind of action. If I
: had my own way, I would be inclined
: j to set up a stake ten marine leagues
i from the coast and have them kept be
! ybnd that.
"I intend to make a journey to Wash
ington, D. C, in a few weeks. I pre
: sume I shall be consulted by the Pres
; ident about this gradual nudging us off
: the log, but I shall make no recommen
i dations formally. We are in strained
relations with Spain. I do not feel like
; troubling the administration with this
: matter; besides that, we want the
' friendship of England at this time. I
' am going to Washington to be ready
for use in connection with legislation
I for Alaska."
The stationing of a United States
i Deputy Collector of Customs, backed
! up by a force of Deputy United States
i Marshals, at Lake Bennett, in terri
i tory which the location of the Cana
! dian customs post and the flying of
; the British flag on the Chilkoot sum
mi^ shows is now claimed as Cana
dian ground, is expected here to pre
cipitate complications, the .result of
which it is not possible to foresee or
! predict. It is difficult to see how a
! conflict of some sort can be avoided.
j On this point Governor Brady declined
1 to express himself.
Collector Ivey. fresh from Washing
ton, is clothed with new powers and
I backed by the administration. He is
i in the saddle and has the reins in his
' hand. He sprung the first of a series
of sensations in Juneau to-day. He
ordered the three breweries to close
and keep closed to-night. Then a re
port spread that all the saloons in Ju
neau, Dyea, Skaguay, Wrangel, Sitka
and elsewhere In Alaska were to be
closed. Saloon keepers hurriedly hid
surplus whisky, beer and other intox-
I icating beverages to prevent their be
ing seized. Collector Ivey said:
"The matter of brewing beer and
also the sale of spirituous liquors in
Alaska has been under consideration
by the department at Washington for
three months. I have instructions to
stop the breweries and tp prevent
them making any more beer in the fu
ture."
"Will you close the saloons in the^
district?"
"I am not prepared to say as to that
at present. The execution of the law'
rests with the United States Marshal.
I will say, however, that I intend to
enforce the law from this on to the ex
tent of my ability, as I have tried to
do since I have been in office. On my
recent trip south I seized ' and took
with me more liquor than has been
seized since 1867. I can say nothing as
' yet in regard to martial law at Ska
guay and Dyea. but I will station dep
uties at Lake Bennett."
In the afternoon Collector Ivey went
over to Douglas City, on Douglas Isl
and, across the channel from Juneau,
and closed the breweries there. This
' morning's boats took the news up to
I Dyea and Skaguay, where there are
! three breweries and saioons almost
i every other door, and by this time con
sternation reigns there.
Governor Brady said in regard to the
i new determined enforcement of the li
! quor law: "You can depend on It that
! whisky in Alaska will be $20 and up
j ward per gallon in a short time. There
I has been too much smuggling. Ido
I not speak for Mr. Ivey, but I under
stand he has authority to employ a
i large number of additional deputies.
"He will also have a steamboat at
! his disposal and other facilities which
jno collector has ever had before in
Alaska. When we get to Skaguay and
i Dyea we will have a consultation with
the military authorities there, and
.when we return to Sitka we will have
a conference with the United States
Marshal and with the United States
! District Attorney. If necessary I pre
sume," said Governor Brady, smiling,
"the Government can spare a ship or
j two from the Bering Sea fleet to help
• us enforce the law in Alaska."
Captain Belcher, in command of the
WALSH CREEK
DIGGINGS RIVAL
THE KLONDIKE
Rush to Dawson Diverted by the
Stampede to the New El
Dorado.
JUNE^U, Alaska, March 14 (by steamship Queen, Seattle, March
18. — Rumors of the recent discovery of extraordinarily rich ground be
tween the Big Salmon and Little Salmon rivers have been fully con
firmed. A stampede has begun from the trails ler.ding from Dyea and.
Skaguay, almost equal to the first sudden rush to Dawson early last
spring. The excitement is intense. It is impossible to place a correct
estimate on the number of men who compose the rush, as scores are
leaving every day. When I was at Dyea and Skaguay yesterday I
learned that many are going in with a very light quantity of provision*
and slipping through the Canadian customs and police lines at night,
taking the risk of running through all the stations on the lakes and
Lewis River in a similar manner or climbing the mountains around
them.
The distance from Dyea to the new diggings is only about 250 miles,
or about one-third of the way to Dawson. About four miles below the
Big Salmon is a bay or arm of the river. The end of it is not in sight
from the course of travel on the Lewis River. It was never explored
until recently, when, instead of being a blind bay, a creek was found
running into it at the upper end. The, discovery was made by several
Klondikers from Wisconsin, who were frozen in and forced to winter
near the Big Salmon. Their names are not known. They prospected
during the long, "lonesome winter months in the vicinity, more to kill
time than with the hope of finding rich paying dirt, and they are now
thanking their stars that the winter stopped their journey to Dawson.
They made the first locations and the news soon spread. Their stakes
are a short distance up the creek from the bay.
The Canadian police stationed at Lake Lebarge were next on the
grounds. Locations were made and the creek named Walsh Creek
after Major Walsh, the head of the Canadian police in the interior. He
is called Governor of the British Northwest Territory. The major him
self has a claim. It was taken for him by his private secretary, who
also made a location for himself.
A. S. Kerry of the Kerry Lumber Company of Seattle has a sawmill
near Lake Lebarge. He got in to Dyea from Lake Lebarge on Tues
day night, coming through without delay. Mr. Kerry had a talk with
Major Walsh about the new discovery- Major Walsh is a conservative,
careful man, and Mr. Kerry says he would not have said what he did
unless he knew it to be the truth. Major Walsh said that from four to
seven feet below the surface the gravel went $1 50 to the pan. with bed
rock not yet in sight. Streaks of pay dirt are found on the surface.
One dollar and fifty cents to the pan is a wonderfully rich prospect,
comparing very favorably with the best claims on Bonanza and El
Dorado creeks of the Klondike. Major Walsh thinks another Klondike
has been found.
H. I. Miller of Seattle Is one of a party of Klondikers which arrived
at Dyea yesterday from Dawson. It made the trip out in nineteen and
one-half days' actual traveling time. Mr. Miller came out as special
carrier for The Call, carrying dispatches from Mr. Sam Wall, The Call's
special correspondent at Dawson. He and every other man of the
party confirmed the report of rich finds on Walsh Creek.
Mr. Miller described the location of the creek for me. Thousands
have passed it on their way to Dawson, overlooking a fortune.
A letter was received here to-day by E. H. Miller, cashier of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company, from W. K. Mead, ex-United States
Marshal of Arizona, who is at Lake Bennett. The letter was shown
me by Mr. Miller. Mr. Mead said he had talked with Canadian palice
men and others who had made locations on Walsh Creek, and his fig
ures in regard to the depth and the average per pan are the same as
those mentioned by Major Walsh to Mr. Kerry— sl 50 to the pan from
four to seven feet below the surface. The first rush was from
among the winter campers and this season's early spring arrivals at
Lake Bennett, who will be on the ground next after the police. The
general belief in the interior is that a second Klondike, but on a
smaller scale, has been found.
Other creeks are said to run Into the Lewis River in that vicinity
and from the same range of moumains. Men who have their outfits
close to the summits of the Dyea and Skaguay trails are crazy to get
them over to Bennett and start for the new diggings. I saw men
packing and sledding their goods through Dyea Canyon as late as mid
night, and they had been working since daylight in the morning. They
hardly took time during the day to eat. They were working them
selves to death. It is safe to say that no more side creeks will be over
looked on the way to Dawson.
The amount of a day's output of SI 50 dirt depends on the kind of
dirt it is and the facilities for working. If there are many large rocks
or bowlders to move the total -would be less than in easy gravel, but
the amount will run from $100 to $150 a day. Since this latest strike
on Walsh Creek people here who have never had the Yukon fever before
have found it irresistible and are preparing to "hit the trail" for the
interior country.
A second creek which shows up well as a prospect has been
"struck" on the Lewis River. It will afford many of the Klond!ker3
now struggling to get over the Dyea and Skaguay trails an opportunity
to get their hand in working gravel before they get to Dawson. The
name of the creek is Lake, and it comes into the Lewis River about
twelve miles below the Big Salmon River on the side opposite from the
Big and Little Salmon river 3. A man named McConnelly is the locator.
He claims to have washed out $2 from three pans of dirt. H. I. Miller
and another man of his party went over to Lake Creek on the way out
and examined the creek. Mr. Miller said both Walsh and Lake creeks
looked well on the surface, but, from the character of the gravel of
Lake Creek, he thought that McConnelly had exaggerated the amount
of gold in the three pans, but he said it looked like pay dirt. This has
caused a second rush, or, rather, increased the stampede from the trails
down the Lewis River to the two new creeks. HAL HOFFMAN.
post on the Chilkoot summit, told me
that he was ordered there by a supe
rior officer whom he declined to name.
He said he had always understood that
the Lynn Canal side of the summit was
disputed territory, and not the Yukon
side. He said the Americans paid their
duty cheerfully and were well behaved.
There are many Klondikers who have
not enough money to pay the duty on
their outfits. They are forced to pack
or perform other labor on trails in or
der to make enough money to pay it.
Enforcement of the collection of duty
at the summits «huts them out from
working at Lake Lindermun and Lake
Bennett, where later there will doubt
less be much work to do in the
way of boat building. Those who
pay duty are obliged to spend from two
to six weeks at the lakes preparing
boats, and during that time they con
sume food on which duty has been
paid, whereas if the duty were collect
ed at Lake Lebarge. or some other
point beyond, instead of the summit,
the cost of living would be much less.
This is complained of as a hardship.
Duty is also collected on horses, dogs
and oxen used in packing to the lakes.
The duty on firearms Is so high that
hundreds of fine shotguns, rifles and
revolvers are for sale along the trails
and in Dyea, Skaguay and Sheep Camp
at less than their cost.
HAL HOFFMAN.
RICH FINDS MADE ON
THfc AMERICAN SIDE.
Little Minook Creek Proving a Bo-
nanza for Those Possess
ing Claims.
SEATTLE. March 18.— Letters received
to-day from various persons at Rampart
City, Alaska, established beyond a doubt
that rich finds are being made on the
American side of the line. About De
cember 1 the Little Minook Creek find
was reported, followed by the Hunter and
Hoosier finds. But little work has been
done on the last two.
Gratifying results are reported from
Little Minook, where large nuggets and
rich pans have been taken out. Nuggets
worth $1", $85 and $136 and several small
er ones have been found on William Mc-
Lain's claim, No. 9, above Discovery.
This claim turns out from 40 cents to
$1 65 to the pan. An exceptional pan on
No. 9 reached $16. A $2 nugget was
found on No. 8 claim. No. 6 is turning
out from 30 cents to $1 30 per pan. If
these results continue Little Minook will
show up as a wonderfully rich creek.
Claim owners on Hunter and Hoosier
believe that these creeks will show up
as rich as Little Minook. The three are
in the same neighborhood and all flow
into the Big Minook. All the claims on
the three cieeks named are located. A
number of smaller streams flowing into
them, and known as the "pups," are
also' located.
Other prominent streams within a ra
dlus of fifteen miles of Rampart City
are: Alder, Chapman, Russian, Gold
Pan, Chicago and Herr creeks. Every
woman at Rampart has located several
claims and will hold them for male rel
atives, who will arrive in the spring.
RAILWAYS TO RESORT
TO ARBITRATION.
Hope to Bring About a Quick Ending
of the Present War of
Bates.
NEW YORK, March 18.— At a meeting
of the passenger traffic agents of the
railroads to try to end the rate war be
tween American and Canadian roads th«
committee of four presented a resolution
providing that an arbitrator be appointed
on or before March 23, who shall decide
on the points in contention. All the roads
agreed except the Great Northern and
the Northern Pacific, whose agents will
report to their superior oflcers.
PIONEER HENRY LONG
ACCIDENTALLY KILLED.
RIVERSIDE, March 18.— Henry Long,
an old pioneer of this State and a resident
of this city for sixtee.i years, was in
stantly killed to-day. Long was at work
on the side of a building when he slipped
off a ladder and fell a distance of thrity
feet, crushing his skull.
Long was a pioneer of Placer County,
and represented that county in the Legis
lature which sent ex-Governor Booth to
the Senate. In that campaign he took a
prominent part. Long first arrived on
this coast in .a sailing vessel in 1842. He
returned in 1846, and was one of the first
to come overland when gold was dis
covered in 1849.' He assisted in putting
up the first mill on the Comstock when
that camp was in its zenith. He has been
a prominent Odd Fellow for many years.
SECRETARY GAGE
SPEAKS AT CLEVELAND.
CLEVELAND, March 18. —Secretary ot
the Treasury Gage delivered an address
v.is evening before the Chamber of Com
merce on the financial question, 'ihls was
in acceptance of an invitation extended
several weeks ago by tne chamber. The
Secretary was met y the officers of the
chamber upon his arrival in the city and
escorted to the hotel. At 6 o'clock they
had dinner together, and then they pro
ceeded to the chamber, which was badly
crowded. No one but members were ad
mitted. After the address the Secretary
was entertained at the Union Club.
Wants the Grand Court.
WOODLAND, March 18.— At a meeting
of Court Star No. 10. Foresters of Amer
ica, h?ld on Thursday evening, it was
decided to at once begin a vigorous fight
to have "Woodland designated as the
meeting place of the Grand Court In
1599
34
NOT A MEASURE
OF HOME RULE
THE IRISH
NATIONALISTS
DISAPPOINTED
J. J. Clancy Hopeful
for Local Self-
Government.
Believes the Bill Intro
duced by Balfour Will
Go Through.
Pledges Made by Statesmen >
Many Years Ago May
Be Fulfilled.
AIDED BY CHAMBERLAIN.
Members of the House of Commons
Expected to Believe the Country
From the Minority's Rule.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
DUBLIN, Feb. 28.— The talk of Dub
lin—and, indeed of Ireland— for the
past week has been the local govern
ment bill for Ireland introduced into
the House of Commons last Monday
night by Gerald Balfour, the Chief
Secretary for Ireland in the present
Government. A measure of the kind
had been promised for ten or twelve
years by the opponents of home rule —
the party now in power — so that, prop
erly speaking, such a bill ought not to
have excited much feeling one way or
the other. But the truth is that Irish
Nationalists feared and Irish Unionists
hoped and half-expected that tbp
pledges of English Ministers on the
subject were never meant to be ful
filled. The consequence is that the ful
fillment of the pledgee referred to has
excited immense satisfaction on the one
side and on the other a feeling of in
dignation and disappointment to which
full expression has not yet been given,
but of which much will in all probabil
ity be heard before long.
Before going further it may be well
to say broadly and briefly what it is
that the Government have proposed,
and in order to make so much plain it
is necessary first of all to state in out
line the existing system or" Irish local
government. Up to the present the ad
ministration of all the local business
In every county in Ireland has been
entrusted to and carried on mainly by
two sets of bodies — the Grand Juries
and Boards of Guardians. The for
mer are entirely unrepresentative. They
are summoned to meet twice a. year by
the Sheriff, who is himself a nominee
of the Judges of the Assize, who arc
appointed by the Government of the
day. As a matter of course the mem
bers of the grand juries are usually all
landlords or haugers-on of the land
lord class ,and many of them do not
contribute to the taxes (amounting to
over a million a year), which they levy
and spend. The Boards of Guardians
are half elective and half composed of
magistrates who are appointed by the
Government, but the elective Guar
dians are chosen on a franchise which
is of such a nature that an average
landlord may have six votes to the one
possessed by his tenant. The whole ex
isting system of local government in
Ireland is, apparently, devised for the
purpose; — and certainly has the effect —
of throwing all power into the hands
of the Unionist and landlord minority.
It remains to add that the government
of cities and towns, whirh is on a more
popular basis, is still regulated by so
restricted a franchise that in Dublin
with a population of, roughly speaking,
300,000 only about 6000 persons have
votes for municipal elections.
It is now proposed to change all this
by transferring to county and district
councils elected on a household suffrage
all the business of the grand juries, the
boards of guardians and subordinate
bodies. If this proposal is carried and
If the local elections are conducted on
Btrietly political lines, the result must
be in all parts of the land outside Ul
ster, and in all but two or three coun
ties even of that province, to exclude
from all these in the management of
local affairs the so-called loyal minor
ity who have hitherto, as I have ex
plained, had a monopo-ly of power. See
ing this perfectly clearly, the said mi
nority are in a state of fright. They
are beginning to think that they would
hardly be worse off under home rule it
self, and that they have been, to use a
vulgar expression, "sold" by their lead
ers in England. Yet they can hardly
complain of being deceived. Last sum
mer an announcement was made by
Mr. Arthur Balfour. the leader of the
House of Commo-ns, and the man on
whom, in conjunction with Mr. Cham
berlain, they have been accustomed to
rely as their best friend, which ought
to have put them on their guard. He
then stated that the Government had
determined to do for Ireland what they
had two years before done for England
and Scotland — that is. to pay out of the
imperial treasury half the amount of
local rates levied on agricultural land,
thereby, according to their scheme,
freeing the landlords as such from all
liability to those burdens. He went
on to say that they would take advan
tage of such an occasion to propose a
popular system of local government for
Ireland which, as the landlords would
henceforth be beyond the reach of
plunder by taxation, would be as wide
and as free as that which has existed
for the last few years in Great Brit
ADVERTISEMENTS.
soap brings health
and the color of
health to many a sal-
low skin.
J. J. CLANCY, M. P., The Call's Special Correspond
ent in Ireland.
am. This was a plain indication of
what was coming, and, as a matter of
fact, the Irish local government bill of
this year only proposes, broadly speak
ing, to da for Ireland what has actually
been done for England and for Scot
land. •
For my own part I think the "loyal
minority," as they call themselves, are
indulging exaggerated fears. Of course,
if they regard the new regime with
hostility and if they go up for election
to the new local bodies on political
grounds and with extreme professions
of hostility to the nationalist aspira
tions of the people, they will be routed
horse, foot and artillery. But if, on
the other hand, they submit themselves
for election as business men and men
of experience in the management of lo
cal affairs, if they show a desire to
work the new local institutions to the
best advantage of the community, and
if they do not exhibit a desire to make
political capital out of their success,
they may, I believe, confidently look
forward not, indeed, to retaining a
monopoly of power, but a very consid
erable share of p->wer in the adminis
tration of local affairs. There are some
just nationalists, no doubt, who think
tht they are entitled to no favor and
would show then? none. Mr. Michael
Davitt, M. P., thinks that the financial
proposals for their beneft which are
contained in the new bill pre intoiernhly
liberal. But Ido not believe that either
Mr. Davitt or the others to whom I re
fer represent the majority of the people.
The largest excuse may be made for a
man like Mr. Davitt. He and his fam
ily, like so many other families in Ire
land, have had personal experience of
the most bitter kind of the policy of
Irich landlords and of the Irish minor
ity in the bad old days of the past. But
a good many things have been changed
during the last quarter of a century.
The power of the landlords to work in
justice has been largely restricted, if
not almost entirely destroyed; and a
policy of mere revenge or vengeance
on the part of the people not only would
be unwise, but is not desired any longer
by most sensible people. War is neces
sary as long as the causes for it exist;
but a war of classes in Ireland has no
longer, in my opinion, any raison
d'etre, and this opinion, I believe, is
shared by the majority of the Irish
people. For myself, I would most de
cidedly think it a great public advan
tage to have on every one of the new
local councils a considerable repre
sentation of the landlord class and the
"loyal minority," believing, as I do,
that public life would be all the
healthier because of all parties being
adequately represented on these bodies.
The authors of this Irish bill are un
doubtedly Mr. Chamberlain and the
brothers Balfour. Mr. Chamberlain is
deeply pledged to such a measur .-. !>
has been so pledged to it for at least
twelve or thirteen years. In IS3G he
wrote a famous article in the Fort
nightly Review, in which, with equal
warmth, he denounced the present sys
tem of local government in Ireland and
advocated a reform of it which would
go further than even the present meas
ure. His words are on record, and he
could not go back on them without di2
honor, even if he wished. That Ido
not think he desires to do. How
ever much he may desire to hobnob
with the English aristocracy for po
litical reasons, he ha;! no real sympa
thy with the upper class in Ireland,
and he has used them so far only to
defeat Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Glad
stone's policy. But now that Mr. Glad
stone is gone and that home rule has
been relegated, so to say, to a back
seat, he cannot have much desire to
further the ends of the Irish minority
even if it were not his own policy tv
extend, widen and broaden the system
of local as contradistinguished from
national self-government in Ireland;
and, as a matter of fact, I believe he
has had a great deal to do with the
framing of the new bill. As i >r the
brothers Balfour, their sinceri''o In the
matter can hardly be doubted. The
elder, Arthur, has profited largely by
his experience as Chief Secretary for
Ireland in the troublous years from
ISS6 to IS9I. He started out on his ca
reer in Ireland as a coercionist, but be
fore he resigned his office on promotion
to a higher place he had practically
ceased to be a coercionist, and had be
taken himself to a policy of concilia
tion. He has, In the main, stuck to
the latter policy since, though he has
been at the same time a steady oppon
ent of home rule. He has, I fancy,
come to look with kindlier eyes on Ire
land, besides coming to the conclusion
that a conciliatory policy was. after
all. better from his own political point
of view than one of coercing and dra
gooning. The younger Balfour, Ger
ald, Is following in his footsteps. In
manner and in speech he is exceeding
ly courteous; he has not revived the
policy of coercion, and he has taken n.
very evident interest in the success of
all the remedial measures which ho
has introduced into Parliament for Ire- j
land since his assumption of his pres- i
ent office. Naturally, the Balfours
have great influence. They are ne
phews of Lord Salisbury, which is a
considerable matter itself; but what
gives them exceptional influence and
favor with their party is the fact that
both have been Chief Governors of Ire
land in their turn. All things point
thus to a triumvirate, as the authors of
the Irish local government of 189S; and,
for my part, I believe that that meas
ure is the special product of the three
Britishers whom I have named.
One other person ought to be here
mentioned in t" is connection. I refer to
THE BAIT FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 19, IS*JS.
Mr. John Atkinson, Attorney-General
and M. P. for North Derry County. He
has in this matter a pretty hard card
to play, for he Is at once a memeber
of a Ministry which has apparently re
solved to take the plunge of giving a
wide measure of local self-government
to Ireland, and the representative in the
House of commons or an Ulster con
stituency from which have come omi
nous signs of a revolt against that
same administration for that reason.
But. Mr. Atkinson is a very eminent
lawyer; he -will probably never be
obliged to seek election at the hands of
his constituents; and. accordingly, he
has so far refused for various reasons
to budge an inch. As time goes on, he
may be forced by Orange bigotry to
take such a course. But the bill has
not been withdrawn, and it will not be.
As time goes on, Mr. Atkinson may be
forced to appear to fashion himself in
the garments of the Orange part of Ul
ster." Rut he will do so with reluctance.
Meanwhile he and the brothers Balfour
may be regarded as the rramers of the
hill which I have been discussing, and to
me, at least, it seems that all three are
equally in earnest in endeavoring to
fulfill the pledges to Ireland in which
so many of their part" 1 * have indulged
for at least the last twelve years.
STABBED IN CHINATOWN.
Toy You, a Vegetable Vender. Foully
Assaulted by Joy Wee Pawn.
Chinatown was the scene ,of another
stabbing affray last night. Toy You, a
vegetable vender, was found in an un
conscious condition by the police in front
of 910 Dupont street. He was removed
to the Receiving Hospital. Dr. Tormey
found a gash behind the right ear. which
was evidently made by a knife or hatchet,
and five stitches were necessary to close
it. During the operation the wounded
man did not regain consciousness.
Sergeant Shea was informed that the
assault was committed by Toy Wee
Pawn, a cousin and roommate of Toy
You. A visit was then made to the room
occupied by the alleged assailant on
Oneida place. He was found washing a
large pocket-knife. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital to be identified, but
Toy You was still unconscious. Toy Wee
Pawn was taken to the City Prison,
where he will be held until further de
velopments.
Tin- police hnvr three persons who wit
nessed the attempted murder. The pri*
oner states he was in his room all the
evening and denies committing the act.
A NEW FKEIGHT TARIFF.
The Transcontinental Freight Bureau
May Change the Schedule for
Local Products.
The Panama Railroad, in conjunction
with the Pacinc Mail Steamship Com
pany, issued a new freight tariff yester
day, which makes advances of nearly 50
per tent on many castbound commodities.
The reason for this new schedule has
not been given out, but is thought to por
tend an understanding between the rail
and water carriers.
This change will be one of the first
matters to come up before tne meeting
of tho> Transcontinental Freight Bureau at
Del Monte Monday next, and it is expected
that before the meeting is adjourned it
will go through the whole list of trans
continental tariff rates, making such
changes as may be necessary to meet all
requirements.
The revised list w.il, it is expected,
make its appearance within ten or tweive
days after the meeting at Del Monte has
concluded.
Wholesalers' League.
The Manufacturers' and Wholesalers'
League, which is a branch of the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association, has
sent out about 0000 invitations to mer
chants living in distant parts of the coun
try to come, to this city and State to
make their purchases of goods for the en
! suing season. These invitations are ac
i coinpanicd by inducements of their fare
j back to their homes free of charge in the
event of their making purchases here.
The scheme proved a success last year
and it is believed it will be more /uc
cessful this season. The period during
which these invitations holds good begins
to-day and will last until April 16. Those
traveling on the steamship lines up and
down the coast will be able to take ad-
I vantage of the offer until May lij. It is
believed that' many merchants In Mon
tana, New Mexico, Arizona. Oregon and
the State of Washington will take ad
j vantage of the offer and come to this city
: to make their purchases, nnd thus cut
I out a lot of drummers of Eastern houses
who have for so long 1 monopolized all of
' the trade, to the detriment of the Cali
fornia manufacturers.
The Michigan Club Social.
The Michigan Club held its fifth annual
literary- and social in Washington Hall,
in the Red Men's building, last evening,
and a most enjoyable timo was had by
all who were present. Judge M. Cooney,
the president of the club, made a few
felicitous remarks and extended a hearty
welcome to all. Miss Rose H. Thorpe's
"Poem of Michigan" was recited by Miss
Edna M. Willcox, while Mrs. S. J. Tully,
accompanied by Mrs. Rucker, sang a solo.
S. R. Wiley recited an original poem, and
Miss May Gooc-h of Oakland sang several
sorgs. Judge McKinatry and Professor
Brooks were present and made appropri
ate remarks. After the literary exercises
light refreshments were served.
The Hueneine's Rough Trip.
SEATTLE, Wash.. March IS.— The
steamship Hueneme, which left Seat
tle on the sth inst. for Dyea and Ska
guay, had all kinds of experience on
her up trip. At Fort Wrangel her
cargo caught fire, and after the flames
were extinguished she proceeded north
and ran aground twice in the same
day-
SAN RAFAEL
TO HAVE A
FLORAL FETE
Her Citizens Meet to
Arrange the Pre
liminaries.
All Eager to Assist in
Making the Event
a Success.
Committee of Ladies Will at
Once Begin a Canvass
of the City.
RESULT NOT IN DOUBT.
Project of the Ten Thousand Club
Meeting With Much
Favor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, March 18.— San Ra
fael is to have a rose carnival. That
was practically assured at a mass
meeting of citizens to-night, at which |
it was decided to leave the matter to ;
a committee of ladies. As the ladies
are enthusiastically in favor of the car- I
nival, it is easy to foretell what their j
decision will be. The men stand ready j
to aid and abet them in the project to
the fullest extent of their influence and
purses, and with this combination
pledged in its support the beautiful j
suburban resort will soon send out in- !
vitations to its sister cities far and !
near to attend one of the most magnifl- j
cent fetes ever given in this part of
the State.
The suggestion to hold a rose carni
val here originated with the Ten Thou
sand Club, an organization of business
men and capitalists, having for its ob
ject the advancement of this city. The
idea was hailed with approval by all
classes, and the result was a call for a.
mass meeting for this evening to take
steps preliminary to its consummation.
When H. P. Wood, president of the
Ten Thousand Club, stepped forward to
call the meeting to >Tder, the body c-f
the hall was filled v.ith representative
ladies and gentlemen. Mr. Wood an
nounced that Mr. E. W. Newhall had
promised to act as chairman of the
mass meeting, but was unable to at
tend, owing to indisposition. Mr. New
hall sent word, however, that he was
heartily in favor of the movement,
promising to be present at the next
meeting. Mr. Henry P. Sonntag was
BRIGADIER GENERAL WARFIELD
chosen chairman of the meeting by ac
clamation, and Mr. L>. A. .Lancel was
elected secretary.
Mr. Sonntag. on taking the chair,
spoke of the benefits derived by a city
from such an attraction, and predicted
that San Rafael would give a festival
equal in splendor to any ever held in
the State if her citizens took hold of it
in the proper spirit. lie concluded by
calling for an expression of opinion
from the ladies as well as from, the
gentlemen present.
Mr. A. W. Foster ,was called upon,
and said the success of such an affair
depended upon the support of every
man and woman. He promised his aid
and thought the other gentlemen would
do the same; but it would require more
than that, and he thought that the best
plan, would be to enlist the co-operation
of the ladies. If they took up the work
the carnival was bound to be a success.
Mr. Robert Furlong, County Superin
tendent of Schools, said he thought the
enthusiasm of the citizens would grow
with the flowers that would crown the
festival with their beauty and frag
rance. Other cities, he said, had held
successful flower shows, and why
should not San Rafael with her wealth
of blossoms hold a carnival that would
eclipse all others. He was confident
such a fete would be a great success.
The executive committee of the Ten
Thousand Club, hfe said, had discussed
many plans and was willing to bear the
brunt of the hard work if the people
would lend their support.
Charles B. Tidball of San Francisco,
who has had a wide experience in pro
moting similar fetes, was present on
invitation of the citizens, and briefly
outlined a programme covering two
day.; He assured his hearers that the
expense of such a festival was not so
great as to cause any misapprehension,
but the one thing necessary to insure
success was the co-operation of every
body. All classes must unite for the
common good.
Mr. T. B. Boyd elicited loud applause
when he said that the business men
were a unit for the carnival. After Mr.
George H. Foster, Postmaster W. N.
Anderson, Assemblyman M. Canavan
and others had expressed their ap
proval of the project, Mr. A. W. Foster
suggested that a committee of ladies
be selected to assist in the work. He
thought it would be advisable to divide
the city into districts and have the la
dles canvass the town thoroughly and
report at a future meeting upon the
sentiment of the people. It was stated
that the Ten Thousand Club had named
an auxiliary committee of ladies for
the purpose, and it was decided that
that committee should be delegated to
work on the plans outlined.
The committee of ladies who will
take the matter in hand is as follows:
Mesdames A. W. Foster. G. H. Foster,
C. Christiensen, W. S. Dreypolcher, L.
A. Lancel. D H. Whittemore. L. J.
Ham, G. E. Butler, William Elliott and
Henry Harrison and Miss Jessie El
liott. These ladies are all stanch sup
porters of the carnival and promise
that if its success depends upon their
exertions San Rafael will give a dis
play to be proud of.
To Coach Harvard Crews.
LONDON, March ' 18.— R.V. C L.ehmann,
captain of ; the Leanders. sails for the
United States i on March 30 *** °"ach. the
Harvard boat : crew* -■ •" "■ }
EXCLUDES
THE CLARK
CONFESSION
Judge Ham Refuses
to Admit It as
Evidence.
Was Obtained From the
Prisoner by Fraud and
Trickery.
Legal Distinction Drawn Be
tween "Confessions" and
"Admissions."
THE LATTER NOT BARRED.
Through Them the Fratricide Prob
ably Thrust His Head Into
the Noose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, March 18.— The defense in the
I Clark case is jubilant, for defendant's
attorneys have had excluded the con
! fession of George Clark, made while he
was in jail. It was obtained by de
' ception, trick and device; therefore the
j defense objected, and Judge Ham sus
! tamed the objection. But that did not
| end the matter, and from referring to
it as a •"conversation," the attorneys
ran the gamut of "statement," "alleged
| confession" and "supposed confession,"
! and then "the confession" was dinned
! into the ears of the jurors, who, legally,
■ did not know what the lawyers were
I talking about.
There are other things besides con
fessions, however. The law, it seems,
| has discovered a difference between a
I cc-nfession and an admission, and, while
j a legal technicality may bar out a con
t fession, it may not hinder a cloud of
collateral admissions, made at the time.
i Under this theory there was not much
i of the confession beyond the actual ad
; mission of guilt that the District At
torney did not succeed in getting before
: the j.ury.
All" about Clark putting poison in his
brother's coffee-can regarding both the
; first and second occasions was brought
i out. There was more regarding the
i pistol and the writings, and, although
the defense fought hard to keep all of
I it out, still it came in under the law
which refuses any but confessions vol
] untarily made, but accepts admissions
j tending to- prove guilt; and that such
! admissions as were put in evidence to
day tend to prove guilt is evident.
Mr. Connors was on the stand during
th.c morning, and it seemed to look
bright for the entrance of Clark's con
fession until he said he told Clark that
"if he did not do differently he would
be hanged within sixty days." That
settled the confession, so far as the
jurors were concerned. They could not
have it. But they got admissions ga
lore. -
It was a bad day for Clark, for, al
though the confession will not be In
evidence, the jury has absorbed much
of Its moral effect, and It will be the
same, anyway.
Mr. Hogan's feelings over the way
he was treated by the court on Tues
day morning are somewhat modified,
for Judge Ham met him on the street
this morning and spoke to him about
it. The Judge referred to it as a re
grettable incident, and Hogan ex
pressed the same feeling, and pleasant
relations were resumed. So the inci
dent so far as Hogan is personally
concerned has ended.
John F. Conners on the witness
stand told of Clark's confession. He
said he had been admitted to Clark's
cell on the Sunday after the murder,
and that he had introduced himself as
a newspaper man. He said he told
Clark he believed he was guilty, but
Clark maintained he was innocent.
Then, Connors said, he related the
evidence to the prisoner and told him
he would surely be hanged within
sixty days. Connors then reached
over to the bed and felt a book there.
He asked Clark what it was and Clark
said it was a Bible. He wanted Clark,
to place his hand on the Bible and
swear he did not kill his brother. He
asked the prisoner if he believed in a
hereafter and told him if he lied about
the crime he would never go to heaven.
That brought the conversation up to
the confession, and then the witness
was stopped for cross-examination.
The witness said he had told Clark
it would be better for him in the end
if he would tell the truth. He said
Clark was a very religious man, and
that the reference to being "better for
him" did not in any way refer to his
punishment.
"And you never made any threats?"
asked Mr. Bell.
"No," said the witness; "I only told
him if he were going on in the way he
was he was liable to be hanged within
sixty days."
"What's that?" demanded Judge
Ham.
The answer was repeated.
"That is the most damaging admis
sion he has made," remarked the court.
After a long argument of counsel Judge
Ham ruled out the confession.
The confession having been ruled out,
Mr. Bell proceeded to show "admis
sions," pointing out at the same time
that in the law a confession and an ad
mission are two different things. Mr.
Beerstecher objected, but Judge Ham
succinctly put the case this way:
"If a man confess to the crime of lar
ceny and should tell where he hid the
stolen goods, if th confession be ruled
out. testimony that the goods were
found where he said they were is ad
missible as being an admission tending
to prove guilt.
Fred Brownlee, the court stenog
rapher, who took down the confession,
was then examined and told what had
been said regarding the strychnine, the
pistol and the writings.
Brownlee told what Clark had "ad
mitted." his purchase of the strychnine,
and how he had purchased a revolver
and cartridges in Napa. The letters
bearing the name of William Clark and
believed to have been written by the
accused were then made the subject of
the testimony. .brownlee told how
Clark admitted he wrote the letter him
self a few days before the murder.
C. F. Rednall deputy constable of
Hot Springs Township, which includes
St. Helena, told of the finding of the
strychnine bottle in the pasture. It
was near a blackberry bush, near
which Clark told him he would find
it. Sheriff McKenzie told of how, when
they could not find the bottle, he had
nsked George Clark where it was and
Clark directed them to the place where
it was found.
the fac-simila M y^T _Is_±* *?** is On every; wrapper
signature of ; C&z//z7<CuiJU4A cf;CASTO3aIA.
WAR ON THE
THEATRICAL
SYNDICATE
Hearing of the Libel
Case Against Mr.
Fiske.
Editor of the Dramatic
Mirror Said Harsh
Things.
Accused Members of the Com
bination of Being a Band
of Adventurers.
AL HAYMAN UNDER FIRE.
While Upon the Stand the Manager
Is Compelled to Make Very
Sweeping Denials.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 18.— Harrison
Grey Fiske, editor of the New York
Dramatic Mirror, who was apprehend
ed a week ago on a charge of criminal
libel, on complaint of Marc Klaw, act
ing for what is known as the theatrical
syndicate, appeared to-day before |
Magistrate Slmms in Jefferson Market
Court, for a hearing of the case. Mr.
Fiske was represented by Abraham
Klink.
Assistant District Attorney Daniel
O'Reilly appeared for the prosecution.
In the syndicate represented by Klaw
are Al Hayman, Charles Frohman,
Samuel F. Neidlinger, J. Fred Zimmer
man and Abraham L. danger. These
men complain of two articles written j
by Mr. Fiske wherein he referred to
them as "the theatrical trust," and un
lawfully published "a false, scandalous,
malicious and defamatory libel con
jerning them in which the writer said
they were a band of adventurers of in
ferior origin, of no breeding and utter
ly without artistic taste, who, by de
vices that achieve a corner in pork or
cattle or corn, have seized upon the
theaters of this country and are deter
mined to reduce it for revenue only to
the level of the sweat shop."
Mr. Hayman was defended by David j
Levenritt and Mr. Shakespere of Phil- j
adelphia. When the manager took the ;
stand he stated that the publication i
of the article complained of held him up j
to public ridicule.
Mr. Klink asked Mr. Hayman what
he understood by artistic taste, but
counsel objected and would not allow
I witness to answer.
Mr. Klink said he proposed to show !
that Mr. Hayman had no artistic i
taste.
Mr. Hayman said that he and his j
theatrical partners had read the arti
cle containing the alleged Ilbe? and dis
cussed it between them before they j
took this action.
"What do you understand by a band '
of adventurers?" Mr. Hayman was
asked.
"A party of men combined to prey
upon the public." was the answer.
"What is meant by 'to prey upon the
public?" "
"A rascal who stands before the pub
lic as just such an adventurer."
"Did you try to ascertain the defini
tlon of an adventurer in a dictionary?"
"I decline to answer," was the wit- ;
ness* reply, as his counsel objected to
the question.
"Did you understand you had been j
charged with having obtained posses
sion and sole control of the theaters of
various cities in the United States,
and the pool you are connected
with?"
"Yes. I did."
"You knew by reason of this fact
that any manager not booked in your
syndicate could not play in any of
your theaters?"
This was objected to.
"I propose to show that it Is a cor
ner, the same as in pork and corn."
This question was put again and Mr.
Hayman said, "I don't know."
Mr. Hayman explained that in some
cities the syndicate controlled some
theaters and only booked in others.
"You understand that this syndicate
is a trust?"
"I don't know what you call a trust.
I signed an agreement."
Mr. Hayman became somewhat
nettled and apoealed to the magistrate.
"It looks as if I were on trial here and
not Mr. Fiske," he remarked. He was
being questioned as to the rights of
managers to book companies and stars
in various cities without the written
consent of the syndicate.
"The agreei. Nt was that booking
could not be done without the written
consent of all the parties," he said.
"Is it not a fact that in some cities
you control the leading theaters?"
"Yes, we do."
"They have achieved a corner in
theaters in these cities, the same as the
corner in pork, or corn, and reduced
them to the level of the sweat-shop "
said the attorney for Mr. Flske. "By
securing complete control they prevent
competition," he added.
"You are carrying this theatrical syn
dicate or trust for revenue only?"
"Yes, sir," answered Mr. Hay
man.
Mr. Hayman was asked about put
ting corrupting plays into the theaters
of the syndicate. His counsel said he
could not answer that; he did not write
the plays. Several plays alleged to be
immoral were mentioned.
"I regard some as good extravagan
zas; there is nothing immoral in that."
Mr. Hayman was asked about when
he went to Australia. He said in 1876
"Were you known as a ticket of leave
man in Australia?"
"No, sir."
"Had you been arrested in Austral
la?"- ..' ' ■ ■... ■ . £
"No, no. sir."
Here Mr. Hayman appealed to. the
court, "as there are many reporters
present."
x - "These reporters must make a liv
ing," said Mr. Klink, and the examina
tion went on. HSMPKBI
Mr. Hayman told of his early theatri
cal ventures.
"You produced a play by Fred Mars
den, owned by Joe Murphy?"
"I did."
"You were charged with pirating: this
play?"
"I was not."
The hearing was brought to a close
here, to be resumed Monday morning.
Russian photographers have a strange
way of punishing those who. having re
ceived their photo, do not nay their hills.
They hang the picture of the delinquents
upside down at the entrance of their
studios.
GERMANY AND
REVOLUTION
jAn Interesting Debate
Carried on in the
Reichstag.
Socialists Do Not Hesitate to
Assails Acts of Kings in
the Past.
Herr Bebel Resents the Statement
That the Contestants in 18-48
Were "Rabble."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, March 18.— In the Reichs
tag to-day, during the debate of the
bill providing for the reform of courts
martial, Herr Bebel, the Socialist lead
er, started a discussion on the subject
of the fiftieth anniversary of the revo
lution. Alluding to the privileges en
joyed by military officers, he reminded
his hearers of "the revolution of March
18, 1848, when the people fought for
their liberty and rights."
The Minister of War, General Yon
Gessler, and Herr Munnckel, People's
party, followed, while the president of
the House, Baron yon Buel-Lorenburg,
intervened, and declared that he did
not wish to deny the significance of tho
day, but at the request of the subse
quent speakers, he could not allow it to
become the chief point of discussion.
Baron Yon Flumm declared the Prus
sian constitution was the free gift of
the king.
Herr Bebel. amid an uproar, said the
combatants of IS4B were described as
"rabble." This, he asserted, was in
famous. Continuing, Herr Bebel as
serted that if the struggles of 1848 had
attained their object, the events of 1870
would not have been necessary. Tha
King, the speaker, alleged, had also
shown signs of incapacity in 1848, and
even Dr. Mlq-uel, the Minister of
Finance, was then on the side of the
revolution. Herr Bebel then remarked:
"If the promises iaade had been fulfill
ed, no Bismarck would have been re
quired. But the King betrayed "
The president of the Reichstag here
intervened and called the speaker to
order.
Resuming his remarks, Herr Bebel
said: "The men of the old National
Union are now silent. The King of
Prussia, "by the grace of God, 1 made a
clean sweep in 1860. ,The people also
have the right to make a clean sweep
some day."
Dr. Benningsen. leader of the Na
tional Liberal party, said royalty had
certainly suffered a severe reverse on
March 18, 1848. But, he added, that day
had 1 ittle significance in the develop
ment of German affairs. He then refer
red to the part the future Emperor
William played and to the fact that
Bismarck had helped to found Ger
many.
! The Weak
The weak and the erring of the earth
find little sympathy from the outside
world. If you see a man whose nerves
are all unstrung, whose knees shake,
'• and who is afflicted in other ways, you
I will see that the world generally laughs
at him. He is to be pitied, though. It is
not certain that these very pit/able weak-
nesses are due to his follies. Have you
\ not been under big mental strain your-
\ self? If you have you know what that
: means. Perhaps you work too hard and
you worry too much. It may be that
you have been silly as a youth, and that
you are a sufferer to-day on that account.
You can never remedy matters by sitting
\ down and hoping to get well, though.
\ Here is a little plain truth for you.
"Hudyan" has replaced the fire of youth
in ten thousand men. Is your vitality
being exhausted ? If so be warned in
i time. "Hudyan" will do for you what
nothing else on earth can do — IT WILL
CURE YOU. . Ask for testimonials show-
ing what it has done for others. You
can surely believe your own eyes. The
mission of "Hudyan" is to see the weak
Made Strong
i
\ , ■ - "
The tertiary as -well as the second-
ary and primary forms of blood taint
are overcome surely and very prompt- '
ly by the "30-day blood cure. ' Cir-
culars and testimonials about it are
as free as "Hudyan" evidence. ; Use
i a postage stamp and let your troubles
! cease. Why continue to be foolish?
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Niiurr STOCKTON AND ELLIS sts.,
S:in Francisco.
OFFICE DESKS.
LARGE VARIETY.
DESKS ISt DESKS
DESKS flplji DESKS
: . Get Our Prices Before Buying.
GEO. H. FULLER DESK CO.,
i 638-640 MISSION STREET.
j — — — — —^ "
.-■ - .- -■• -•■-■■ .»•• •••
>££y OEWEY.STRONG &CO.^^y
ODEWEY.STRGNG ftCO-j^gV
patents! i)
k v,%sJ^33o MARKET ST. SJ.Xb^GIVES CHINA
EIGHT DAYS
France Backing Up Her
Demands Upon
China.
Seeks Many Concessions, In
cluding Dictatorship of the
Imperial Postoffice.
Freeh Complications Arise in the
Oame of Bluff and Grab In
th© Far East.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PEKING. March IS.-The French
make further demands upon China in
addition to those cabled from Peking
last night, that China shall not cede
any portion of the four provinces of
Kwnng Tung, Kwang Si, Tun Nan and
Kwei Chou; that the railroad from
Tung Chou Tang, on the northern fron
tier of Tonquin. shall be extended via
Pasesiem into the Tun Nan province,
anc that a coaling station shall bo
granted to France at Lei Chcu Fu. in
the Sen Chow peninsula, north of Hai
Van. They now Jemand that the Di
rector of tha Imperial Postofflo- phallbe
a Frenchman, evidently with tho view
of separating it from the con'.rol of Sir
Robert Hart, Director of the Chinese
Imperial Maritime Customs, and the
■spion of a coaling station at Kwang
» hou is also demanded on the same
terms as control that of Kiao-Chou
Bay. ceded to Germany, with a rail-
Mad concession to includo exclusive
n-iiilnp privileges. Eight day 3 are ai-
Icjwed China in which to reply to thv>
F; ench demands, and threats are made
•u'licr are interpreted to indicate n
French occupation of the province of
Hai Nan unless the Chinese chimply.
LONDON. March 18.— While the
House of Commons was in committee
to-day during the estimates Dr. Tan
ner, anti-Parnellite, membor for mid-
Cork. was twice called t"> or'ior for
irrelevant and somewhat Incoherent re
marks about the unprotected condition
of Hong-kong. As he kept on Bhoutlng
and defying 4 he rulings of the chair
man of the committee. Mr. Jrunes \V.
liowther, Conservative, finall-' ordered
Mm to leave the House. Dr. Tanner
exclaimed: "With greater pleasure
than I ever entered it." Then saunter
; - .- slowly toward The door nnl scorn
f i7ly pointing to the chairman he
hissed out: "I hope the French will
b<at you. Cecil (Lord Salisbury's
nephew) will do your dirty work as
long as you like."
YOKOHAMA, March IS.— The elec
tion returns show a small majority for
the Government.
PRICES OF HAY
WILL GO HIGHER
A Stockton Firm Has Effected
a Corner on the
Market.
Farmers Who Sold Early in the Sea
son Now Compelled to Make
Purchases.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, March 18.— A corner on
hay has been enected here by Wright
& Diekenson. who have been buying since
the prospect for a short crop was first
manifest. The advance has been caused
by the short stock, although in the past
few weeks the outlook for a v-ry season
has given it great strength. T. c hold
over amount on hand at the beginning of
t..c- year was 80,000 tons less than at the
corresponding period a year previous.
From $7 a ton at the first of the season,
the wholesale price has gone up to from
$15 to U" a ton. It may po higher. Cattle
are half-starvin- in the foothill region,
and ranchers are skirmishing to get
back at a greater price what they sold
to the dealers some time ago. One farm
er south of Stockton is said to be feeding
eighty head of stock with hay.
The San Francisco market evidently
g'»t the hard end of the advance. A mem
ber of the firm said to-day in extenuation
of the high retail price here:
"To show that Stockton is getting the
best of the deal, we shipped a consign
ment 'if *00 tons of hay to San Francisco
and received more r>er ton for it than we
are retailing it for right in this city. '
Unless San Francisco dealers have con
tracts covering their needs they are liable
to be short, and consumers will have to
pay an unprecedented price.
REQUIEM IN MEMORY
OF GENERAL ROSECRANS.
Paulist Fatners of New York Mourn
for the Departed
Warrior.
NEW YORK, March 18.— Solemn re
quiem mass v,;t.H celebrated to-day in the
Church of the Paulist Fathers in memory
of General William Starke Rosecrans,
who died at Los Angeles last week. The
celebrant was the Rev. Father Searl.
Music was supplied by a boys' choir of
fifty voices. New York Grand Army men
were present and all the cadets of the
De Lasalle Institute.
The sermon was preached by the Very
Rev. Father George Deshon, Superior
General of the Paulist order. Father
Deshon said he had been with General
Rosecrans .it West Point. He told how
General Ronecrans had become a convert
to Catholicism and had been the means
of converting his entire family.
LOBSTERS DISCOVERED
IN MONTEREY BAY.
Planting of Crustaceans by the Gov
ernment Not a Failure
After All.
MONTEREY, March 18.— Eight years
ago the Tnited States Fish Commission
plant<-ii lobsters in Monterey Bay, but the
experiment was considered a failure, since
there was not only no increase in the lob
sters, but they absolutely disappeared.
Last week, however, some Monterey fish
ermen found two large, healthy lobsters
on the rocks at the other side of the bay,
and it la now believed that the crusta
ceans ha\-(? increased and developed In a
part of the bay distant from where they
were planted and will reappear in large
numbers hereafter. If more are seen the
local fishermen will set lobster pots near
where tho first were discovered.
WATER POLO AT DEL MONTE.
MONTEREY, March 18.— A water polo
club that has been formed here will afford
much amusement to Hotel del Monte's
visitors during the coming summer. The
club is composed of employes of the hotel
and Is divided Into two teams captained,
respectively, by Fred Olyett and Charles
Stewart. The teams will play match
games on Monterey Bay, and some excel
lent play will no doubt be witnessed, as
both captains have gained celebrity in
aquatic sportss. Stewart is the amateur
Pacific Coast five-mile champion and Oly
ett defeated the late Australian champion.
Charles Cavtll. in a duarter-mile water
polo race. The first match will be played
about May L
FLANNELY TO
DIE IN MAY
Will Be Hanged Unless
the Supreme Court
Interferes.
Judge Lorigan Denies the Mo
tion of the Defense for a
New Trial.
The Parricide Seems Unconcerned
When the Court Pronounces
Sentence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Cal., March 18.— Unless
the Supreme Court interferes, Thomas
W. Flannelly must hang on May 27 for
the murder of his father, Patrick Flan
nelly, at Redwood City, on October 26
last. ' This was the time fixed for the
execution by Judge Lorigan to-day. The
courtroom was crowded with specta
tors. Flannelly went through the or
deal without flinching, and seemed un
concerned.
When the case was called this morn
ing Attorney Ptrauss moved for a new
trial on the ground that Juror Ed
wards was asleep in the jury box on
March 7 while C. D. Barton was giving
material evidence for the benefit of the
defendant. Affidavits substantiating
this charge were also made by C. W.
Cobb, Attorney Rhiel and Pearl Noble.
The latter alleged Edwards to have
been asleep long enough to allow her
to make a sketch of him in one posi
tion.
An affidavit made by Murderer Flan
nelly was also presented, and made the
ground for a how trial. It related that
as the jury was retiring to the jury
room the defendant heard Juror Wil
liam Buckley say to another juror:
"You can fight it out: I'll stay here
till h freezes over; my mind is made
up; I'll hang him."
District Attorney Herrington and
District Attorney Walker of San Ma
teo County were granted time to pre
pare counter affidavits, and at this aft
ernoon's session the allegations were,
denied. Judge Lorigan then denied the
motion for a new trial, and ordered
FlanneUy to stand up. The case was
reviewed by the court. Flannelly made
no response when asked if he had any
thing to say, and May 27 was then
named as the day for the carrying out
of the sentence of the court. The place
of execution will be named hereafter.
Strauss took exceptions to the court's
denial of the motion for a new trial,
and the case will be appealed to the
Supreme Court.
Flannelly maintains the same stoical
demeanor that has characterized him
since the crime was committed, and re
fused to discuss the case after sentence
was pronounced.
Just before the adjournment of court
to-day Attorney L. P. Boardman of San
Francisco appeared before Judgre Lori
gan, and asked for a certificate of
probable cause in the Flannelly case.
This was denied, and counsel gave no
tice of appeal to the Supreme Court.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Promise of a Hearing on the Mineral
Lands Bill.
"WASHINGTON. March 18.—Representa
tive Barham had an interview with
Speaker Reed to-day concerning the min
eral lands bill, and the Speaker promised
to recognize one of the California mem
bers to call it up for consideration.
Judge Maguire returned from Philadel
phia this morning, where he delivered an
address before the "Friendly Son 6of St.
Patrick."
F. A. Melrose was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Acton, Los Angeles Coun
ty, Cal., vice Martin P. Cutler, resigned;
also R. C. Creech at Dulzura, San Diego
County, vice Henry Hagenback, removed.
A postoffice v/as to-day established at
Cortina, Colusa County, Cal., and Fred
erick yon Breyman appointed Postmas
ter.
Representative Sherman of New York
to-day presented a petition of the Com
mercial Club of Stockton, Cal., favoring
the passage of the anti-scalping bill.
By direction of the President Major
William C. Shannon (surgeon) is, upon
the expiration of his sick leave, ordered
to report to Lieutenant Colonel John H.
Patterson, president of the Retiring
Board, at Omaha, for examination. This
revokes the order of February 14, requir
ing him to report to Colonel Charles R.
Greenleaf.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original: Egbert R. Hurlbut,
Hanford, $10. Increase — Irving Camp
bell, Veterans' Home, Napa. $S to $12.
Original, widows, etc. — Mary E. Edwards,
Berkeley, $S; Nancy Hubbard, mother,
Riverdale, $12. Mexican war survivors —
Harvey Martin, San Jose, $S; John Eber,
Oakland, &i to $12.
Oregon— Original: John Mathews, The
Dalles, $16; Daniel Ludwick, Portland, $6.
Washington — Original: Judson Parker,
Orting, j.12. Increase — Joseph Murphy,
Spokane, $6 to $8.
SWINDLER JACKSON
CAUGHT IN DENVER.
One of a Party of Confidence Men
That Defrauded Many Mine
Owners.
RIVERSIDE, March 18.— D. T. Jackson,
one of the men who swindled I. Wither
spoon and County Recorder Gruwell in a
mining deal a few days ago, has been
captured and will soon be brought back
to face his accusers, of whom there are
said to be many in this and San Ber
nardino counties besides the two named.
Sheriff Johnson received a telegram this
evening from Chief of Police Farley of
Denver to the effect that he had arrested
Jackson and held him in jail there.
Jackson and H. \V. Clay were ringlead
ers of a gang of five swindlers who have
scooped in the money of confiding owners
of mines in this part of the State.
Sheriff Johnson will start for Sacra
mento to-day for requisition papers and
from there go to Denver for Jackson.
Nothing has been heard of Clay by the
officers, but it is believed he Is still hid
ing in this part of the State. He left
Colton, the headquarters of the gang, a
day later than Jackson did, and the offi
cers feel sure he will be captured shortly.
SWEEPING CHALLENGE
BY JOE GANS' BACKER.
BALTIMORE, March 18.— A. L. Her
ford, manager of the Eureka Athletic
Club, said this morning that he would at
once Issue a challenge to the lightweights
of tho world, barring none, Champion
George Lavigne n referred, to meet Joe
Gans, the colored lightweight pugilist,
before* the cluu offering the largest purse,
for any numuer of rounds and for any
amount of money. Gans will *»ght at 133
pounds, weighing at 3 o'clock, and hia
backers will place any amount of money
as a side bet against "Kid" Lavigne, or
any one else worthy of meeting the Bal
timore man.
Senora Dona Ruiz Dead.
SANTA BARBARA, March 18.— Senora
Dona Ruiz, who has resided here since
her birth seventy-seven years ago, died
this morning after a long lllnes. She was
a daughter of Captain Valentine Cota, one
of the men the mission fathers depended
on in the early days of Santa Barbara.
Senora Ruiz leaves eight children, one
of whom is Antonio Ruiz, County Coro
ner. She had two brothers and a sister,
who reside in Ventura.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1898.
MURDERED AND
CREMATED IN
HIS DWELLING
Cantua Canyon Mexicans Ar
rested for th)e M lin 9 of
Rancher MoHqo.
£ FRESNO, March 18.— Coon Crutcher and Deputy Constable Dumas $
8 returned from Cantua Canyon In the coast range this afternoon with C*
O Arthur Sanchez and Perfido Flores, Mexicans, charged by Martin ®
0 Rivas with the murder of Feliciano Molino on March 4 and the burning O
O of the victim's cabin. Molino's remains were burned to a crips. Only 8
& a portion of the skull remained. Coroner Long held an inquest, and a 0
8 verdict of accidental death by burning was brought in by the jury. If 0
8 any wounds had been inflicted by the assassin evidence of the crime 8
8 was obliterated by the flames. &
Rivas was related to Molino, and, believing his kinsman had been mur
dered, he began investigation. After several days sufficient circumstantial
evidence was obtained to Justify the arrest of Sanchez and Flores. He came
to Fresno and placed the matter before District Attorney Snow, and then
swore to a complaint charging the men with murder.
Crutcher and Dumas left Fresno on Monday night to make the arrests,
and the trip required four days. The officers drove to the New Idria mines,
ninety miles distant. The men made no resistance. Sanchez is a young man,
but his companion is considered a hardened criminal. Flores, it Is said, killed
a man at Tehachapl. and served seven years in prison.
The evidence against the men is altogether circumstantial. A great many
cattle have been stolen from the ranges in the Cantua Bectlon during the past
several years. Molino had evidence that a number of his neighbors belonged
to a band of Mexican cattle thieves guilty of the depredations. Several bit
ter quarrels between members of the band and Molino resulted. It was sus
pected that he informed the officers regarding th<Mr acts of lawlessness,
and threats were made against his life.
Patria Sanchez, the mother of the prisoner, harbored the thieves, and often
expressed dee- hatred for Molino. On the day before his death the woman
sent forth word that she was lonely and desired that the man's nephew, a
mere lad, come over and stay all night. Molino lived In the cabin with the
boy as his companion. On the same day one of the members of the gang
borrowed Molino's Winchester rifle. This left the man alone in his cabin an
easy victim for the assassins.
Young Sanchez did not stay at home on the fata! night. He came in
about 4 o'clock in the morning, and said that he had remained all night with
John Wright. Wright said this is not true. Sanchez rlalmed he was out all
day in search of burros, and that darkness overtook him on the trail, com
pelling him to pass the night in a deserted cabin. Flores says that he re
mained in this cabin with a friend on the night of Molino'a death. Sanchez
was not fortunate in giving excuses. On the day after the discovery of Mo
lino's body he purchased some goods at a store. He »xhibited two $5 gold
pieces and some silver. In answer to a question as to where he obtained the
money, he paid that Wright had paid him for "working. Wright denied that
he paid him any money, and the amount tallies with the sum Molino had in
his pocket the day before.
DESTROYED BY
AN EARTHQUAKE
A Temblor Shakes Am
boyna, an Island in the
Molucca Group.
Town of That Name Leveled
With Considerable Loss
of Life.
Sixty of the Inhabitants Reported to
Have Been Killed by thO
Disturbance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, March 18.— Oriental ad
vices received here to-day on the
steamship A T ictoria from Yokohama say
that Amboyna, a town on the island
of that name, one of the Molucca
group, was completely destroyed by an
earthquake. Sixty persons were killed.
Since the adoption of the gold stan
dard in Japan up to the end of Febru
ary the total exports of gold amount
to 11,045,500 yen. The mint has marked
all silver yen with the character '"Gin"
| (silver) and they are in circulation in
Formosa, Shanghai, Hongkong and
: Korea. The total amount in clrcula-
I tion at present is about 7,000,000 yen.
The authorities are continuing coining
and there will be an increased export of
i them.
Three warehouses at Penang were
1 burned last month, entailing a loss of
! $70,000.
The official Gazette has announced
! the death of Tai Wonkun, father of
' the present King of Korea.
Some valuable presents of gold and
silver have been presented to the Em
peror of Japan by the Czar of Russia.
A robber entered the American lega
tion at Yokohama and carried away
three diamond rings which belonged to
the wife of the Minister. The matter
was reported to the metro-olitan po
lice and the man arrested.
The city of Nagaska is to be enlarged
by taking In five adjoining villages.
HARD SLUGGING
AND WRESTLING
"Australian Jimmy" Ryan Is
Given a Decision Over
"Jim" Watts.
Contsst Stopped at the Order of the
Police in the Twentieth
Round.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., March 18.-Music
Hall would not accommodate the im
mense crowd that assembled to-night to
witness the twenty round go between
•'Australian Jimmy" Ryan and "Jim"
Watts (colored), champion middle-weight
of the South. After 2500 people had crowd
ed into the bunuing the doors were closed
In the faces of several hundred more. The
men fought at catch weights. Ryan
weighed 166 and Wattts 158 pounds. It
was a most vicious tight, the- Antipodean
winning in the twentieth round. Every
indication early in the battle pointed to
a strictly scientific fight, but when the
men grit their blood well heated hard
slugging, intermixed with hard wrestling,
was the order of the day. On points the
fight should have been awarded to the
colored man, he landing three times to
the Australian's once.
The Australian proved himself a per
fect glutton for punishment. His only
aim was to land a fuil right arm swing
on the negro'H jaw, and in his extreme
eagerness to land his knockout blow he
lowered his guard to such an extent that
the colored fighter was permitted to land
at will terrifically upon his wind. Watts
closed Ryan's left eye in the sixteenth
round, but this did not diminish the lat
ter's ardor. In the twentieth round, dur
ing a fierce short-arm mix, Ryan landed
several blows on Watts' Jaw, causing
him to weaken perceptibly. A knockout
being Imminent, the referee stopped the
fight at the instance of the Chief or Police,
and then gave a decision In favor or
Ryan. Watts still on his feet expostu
lated to the Chief, but the latter waved
him from the ring.
QUARTZ FULL
OF WIRE GOLD
News of Blagrave's Strike
at French Gulch Is
Confirmed.
Thousands of Dollars Realized
Within the Last Three
Days.
Specimens of the Rich Ore Brough
to Redding and Ex
hibited.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, March IS.— The rumor of
a $20,000 Btrlke in the old Washington
m.no at French Gulch was confirmed
to-day. The man who made the dis
covery is William A. Klagrave, a lessee.
The remarkable find was uncovered on
new ground. Bob Garvln arrived In
town to-night from French Gulch,
twenty-two miles west of Redding, and
exhibited a rich specimen presented
to him by the discoverer. It was
smoke-colored quartz, full of chunky
wire gold. The specimen is worth a
few dollars.
"I'll tell you," said Garvin, "what I
saw with my own eyes: Blagrave had
a can full of quartz— l should judge
about a half-gallon — and it was worth
not less than $600. He had other pieces
of quartz, larger than your two hands,
which was fairly skewered together
with gold, and some smaller pieces, two
or three ounces in weight, worth $20
apiece. Blagrave has been working on
his lease for some time, but it is only
within the last three days that he
struck it rich, and it is getting better
all the time. Some one reported that
it was a. pocket, but that's not so. It's
simply a remarkably rich shoot in a
ledge."
The Washington mine, on whose
ground the discovery was made, has
been one of the richest in the country,
but for the last ten or twelve years the
mine proper has not been operated. All
the work has been performed by the
leeses. Many rich strikes have been
made at one time or another. The
Washington mine is a short distance
west of Milkmaid, owned by Senator
John P. Jones, and is, a couple of miles
form the Majava group of mines, once
the property of the late William T.
Coleman. The mines of French Gulch
have nearly all produced fortunes, and
are good dividend producers at the
present day.
William A. Blagrave has made many
rich discoveries in this vicinity, and is
a miner well known throughout North
ern California. A number of years ago
he made a rich strike in the Brown
Bear mine. He discovered the Green
mine, which produced over two hun
dred thousand dollars. Blagrave's
lease expires pn the Ist of April, and it
has been given out that no leases will
be renewed. The opinion has been ex
pressed that the find made by Blagrave
was "covered" by former leasers, who
never got the opportunity to return
and work it out.
WAS. PRESIDENT OF THE
NATIONAL LIBERAL LEAGUE.
Death of Mrs. Matilda Joslyn Gage,
One of the Earliest Champions
of "Woman's Rights.
CHICAGO, March 18.— Mrs. Matilda Jos
lyn Gage, who won an international repu
tation as one of the earliest champions of
woman's rights in America, died here to
day, aged 72 years.
Mrs. Gage was president of the National
Woman's Suffrage Association in 1876. and
for many years she was president of the
New Yx>rk State Association. She found
ed the* National Liberal League, in 1878,
and was Its president at the time of her
death. _^
Stanford Students Honored.
PALO ALTO. March IS.— The class of
1900 met to-day and elected Wallace Irwln
editor-in-chief and O. P. Palstine busi
ness manager of the Junior Annual. Ir
win hails from Denver and has Latin for
his major study. He is studying to be
came a teacher. Palsttne comes from
Lower Lake, Lake County, and 1b a his
tory student.
NO GAMBLING
IN SACRAMENTO
Every Game Closed by
the Order of Mayor
Land.
Knights of the Green Cloth
Cross the River to
Yolo.
First Man to Open for Business
There Is Placed Under
Arrest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 18.— Mayor
Land and Chief of Police Dwyer have
come out triumphant in their first skir
mish \vith the gamblers. Not a game
is running in town to-night. Mayor
Land has been the recipient of many
congratulations over his victory, and
Chief Dwyer shares with him the grati
tude.
After the shut-down to-day the army
of the green cloth passed over the river
Into Yolo County. No sooner had the
layouts been spread in Washington
than in walked a Constable, and with
a John Doe warrant ai'rested the dealer
of one of the principal faro establish
ments. As usual, a $100 bond was pro
vided and the prisoner turned loose.
Some months ago the women of
Washington circulated a petition, and
addressed it to the Supervisors, pray
ing that something might be done to
rid the town of the shameful influ
ences daily paraded before their chil
dren by the proprietors and promoters
of these games. No action was taken
by the board, and not until the recent
expose made by The Call did relief
come. Following The Call's article on
the condition of affairs in Yolo came
the passage of one of the strongest
anti-gambling ordinances ever passed
by any county in the State.
This seem? to have given new hope
to the women of Washington, and it is
very probable that the arrest to-day
was the result of a determination to see
whether or not the little town of Wash
ington shall forever remain as the
dumping ground for violators of the
law from Sacramento. If Washington
had a Mayor Land and a Chief Dwyer,
the question would be speedily settled
to the credit and protection of the
homes and to the good name and profit
of the people living there.
FROM LODI THE
COUPLE ELOPES
Pretty Mrs. George Henshaw
Flees With Charles
Holbrook.
Fickle "Friend" or the Family In
duces the Woman to Desert
Husband and Children.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, March 18.— Lodl, famous
for watermelons and pretty girls, has a
small sensation In hand. Mrs. George
Henshaw, a pretty woman of 35, has left
her husband and three children for the
love of Charles Holbrook. "a friend of the
family." As near as can be traced the
couple departed Saturday and have been
traced as far as lone.
Henshaw and Holbrook were formerly
neighbors in Oregon, where the woman's
intimacy with Holbrook is supposed to
have begun. Henshaw had taken steps
toward homesteading a piece of land
there, but owing to domestic troubles
came to Lodi. Holbrook also came to
Lodi. Mrs. Henshaw sent two of her
children to her husband to care far them,
but declared in letters that she would
not rejoin him herself. On the 23d of last
October, however, as he was standing at
the railway station at Lodi, he was sur
prised to see his wife step off the train.
The woman was equally surprised to see
her husband, for she had planned, as it
turned out afterward to meet Holbrook
there but finally consented to accompany
Henshaw home. Since then she and her
old-time flame have been meeting clan
destinely, and he has been writing let
ters to her. Last week the husband
found some of the missives and put them
in his pocket, where the guilty wife sub
sequently saw them. Knowing that a
storm was coming, she planned the elope
ment. Much sympathy is felt for the
husband and children, who are well
thought of in the county.
FORMER BANK OFFICIALS
CHARGED WITH PERJURY.
A. W. Randall and J. S. Murray Are
Placed Under Arrest at
Eureka.
EFREKA, March IS.— Ex-President A.
W. Randall and ex-Cashier J. S. Murray
ot the Randall Ban-- were arrested this
morning, charged with perjury in making
a false statement to the Bank Commis
sioners in 189T> regaruing the amount o :
Stat''. city and county money on deposit
According to their statement there was
$16 SS9 in the ank, whereas the county
Treasurer's and the City Clerk's accounts
showed $42,000 to the credit of the city
and county. Both gave bonds and will
appear for examination to-morrow in
Justice Baldwin's court. District Attor
ney Burnell is acting as prosecutor.
GLADSTONE WILL
RETURN TO HAWARDEN.
BOURNEMOUTH, March 18.— The fol
lowing bulletin has been issued with re
spect to Mr. Gladstone: "In the absence
of any improvement in Mr. Gladstone's
condition it has been settled In consulta
tion that he should return to Hawarden
next week."
The bulletin is regarded as having only
one meaning. It is understood the griev
ous facial pains have returned and will
no longer yield to the usual remedies.
Crescent City Races.
NEW, ORLEANS, March 18.— Weather
fine, track fast. k »
■ One mile, selling, Adam Johnson won,
Ta»o second, Robinson third. Time,
1:48%. ■.■•-:-.■ .:::> .'.- ■■■■- '■■ :../'^- •-■':'-•■.
'. Four furlongs, . two-year,-olds, Russella
A Waldon won, Mousel to ft* second. Dr.
Sam third. Time, =49%-, •_ .. -1 .--V;
Six lurlongs, selling;. Sister Clara won.
Alamo second, Mamie Callan third.
Time. 1:16%. . T , ,',
One mile, Cherry Loaf won, Judge
Steadman second, Elkin third. . - Time,
l:40&- -■' - ' : '■ : '
One mile, selling, Headlight won, Dor
othy 111 second, convention third. Time,
142.
: One mile and twenty yards. The Doctor
won,' Corelli secon ... Sir Dick third. ■ ime,
1:44*.
Hypnotic Wonders.
No one need ko to Paris now to see all that
Is marvelous in hypnotism. In the hypnotic
warriK of many hospitals of this country are
hypnotic subjects that a mere glance. It Is
said, throws them Into the trance state. But
In order to overcome that obstinate kidney
trouble, the persistent use of Hoatetter's Stom
ach Bitters Is necessary, t'se it also system
atically for malarial, bilious, dyspeptic, rheu
matic and nervous diseases.
SAD EFFECTS OF
THE COLD WAVE
Reports From Many Or
chards Are Not En
couraging.
Trees Denuded of Their Blos
soms in Some Parts of
the State.
Heavy Rain in Sonoma County
Greatly Brightens the Out
look There.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TULARE, March IS.— The blighting
frosts of the past few nights have done
serious damage to Tulare fruit. The most
complete clean-up is among the apricots
and almonds. These bloom very early,
and are easy victims, but neither fruit is
raised here extensively. In exposed
places the apricots and almonds are
practically all killed. The first crop of
figs is destroyed, but peaches, the prin
cipal crop, is only partially injured. Some
orchards escaped entirely, while others
are touched so severely as to need no
thinning. There will be plenty of peaches
unless other severe frosts follow. Pears,
plums and prunes are uninjured. The
outlook at this date is far from encour
aging.
LAKEPORT, March IS.— Rain has been
falling incessantly for fort^-eight hours.
The ground is now completely saturated
and the streams are running banks full.
Crops in this county never before have
looked so promising- at this time of year,
the total rainfall to date is 14 inches—
about half of what it was at this time
last year.
WOODLAND, March IS.— The heaviest
frost of the season fell last night. A !
heavy fog also prevailed, and there Is a i
well grounded hope «.-iat this offered at
least a partial protection from the frost.
The damage to the fruit crop in the coun- i
ty will aggregate many thousands of dol
lars. Apricots and almonds suffered
most. Prunes, pears and early peaches
are uninjured.
SUISUN, March IS.— The damage by
frost last night in Suisun and Vaca val- i
leys is greater than at first surmised. In
the former fruit belt the loss has been
placed at $150,000 and in the latter valley
the damage has been estimated at $250. uu0.
B. D. Robbing of Suisun is one of the heav
iest losers. The apricots on his extensive
fruit ranch in Su!/>un Valley were ruined ,
by the nipping frost. The almond crop
has been damaged to a deplorable extent.
LOS ANGELES, March j*«— — urlng hist
night's storm .22 of an inch of rain fell
here, making the season's rainfall 5.10. :
At Downey .83 of an inch fell, and at
Vernon .37* of an inch. It is clear, and a,
heavy frost is predicted.
lUNFORD. March 18.— Careful examin
ation of orchards throughout Kings Coun
ty shows that the damage by frost has j
been overestimated. Nature has thinned
fruit severely in places, but there is
plenty left.
SUIBUN, March 18.— After almost a
complete escape from damage by the
severe frost during Tuesday night, Sui
sun Valley was struck by the full force
of the cold wave last night and great
loss is the result *of the freeze. The
orchards had never looked better and
prospects never were more encourag
ing than they were twenty-four hours
ago, but to-day the apricot crop is al
most a total loss and almonds are bad
ly damaged. The loss in Suisun Val
ley on apricots alone will be no less
than $75,000, while it might reach $.100,
000..
BIG MINING DEAL
IN SISKIYOU COUNTY.
Syndicate Purchases a Large Tract
of Land, Including Two
Claims.
FORT JONES. March IS.— The Siskiyou i
County Reporter announced this after
noon that the Rlsdon Iron Works people j
of San Francisco were parties to one of \
the largest mining sales ever made in this ;
county. The property consisted of 200 !
acres of gravel land at Oro Fino, Scott |
Valley, and comprised the Wright &
Fletcher claim, the Eastlick brothers' j
claim, L. Eastlick's farm and a portion
of ii.d Quigley's farm. The price was
$57,800, a large portion of which was paid
In cash. The sale was consummated last ,
evening by W. H. Taylor of San Fran
cisco on behalf of the iron works and the
bank of A. B. Carlock of this place and '
E. L. Wallace of Yreka on behalf of the
tocal parties.
J. O. Rusby, connected with the Risdon |
Directory or
TRANSPORTXTION;^
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, IS9B. Fare.:
including 2500 pounds baggage or freight, *200.'
Passengers will apply early to L\NDK &
HOUGH CO.. 40 California st.; San 1- ranclsco.
or to A. -H. Herriman. i general manager, 201
Front st.,' San . Francisco. " ■ ■.'■;,:••.'•.':
Union S. & Transportation Co.
TO KOTZEBUE SOUND, ST. MICHAEL,
COPPER RIVER, DYEA AND
SKAGUAY.
. For passage and ■ freight ;. apply to
UNION SHIPPING AND ' TRANSPORTA-
. - TION COMPANY, 21 Market street. ; .
' ../.., — : . ; , ..., , , .... _;. . ...
California-Alaska Navigation & Commercial Co.,
'628 Market st. ' : >
Will dispatch their elegant new ocean steamer -
. (now building), for Dawson City, via Bt.
Michael, about June 1. Fare. : $300; 150 pounds
baggage free. ■■■■":. '-.:■■*
Freight 10 cents per pound. •
■ '■': Their i powerful new river steamer (QUEEN
OF THE YUKON) , draws . only. 2 1 feet > loaded,
' with ■a ■ speed of jl5 miles per hour, :. and ! elec-
tric f lighted - throughout. s Send for .' pamphlet
" and ' map ;of gold •. fields, ■ free. Also steamers
to Dyea and Skaguay
Works, will superintend the mine and
operations v.-ill be carried on very ex
tensively. This property has already
yielded "over $750,0w>. The people ol this
valley are highly elated over the transfer.
ri S. Moore, the superintendent of
the Risdon Iron Works, confirmed the
foregoing report, with the exception of
that portion of it alluding to the owners
of the Iron works as the purchasers of
the mining property in Siskiyou. He
claims it was bought by a syndicate conn
posed of the fo'.lov.ing gentlemen: R. ».
Moore, W. H. Taylor. W. E. Miles. George
A. Pope and a few others.
Veteran Accidentally Shot.
SAN JOSE, March IS.— W. D. Cole, an
ordchardist, residing on Stone avenue,
near this city, was) found dead to-day
on the back porch of his home with a
rifle bullet through his hf-art. A rifle
which he had been cleaning lay beside
him and showed condHsively that his
dtath was accidental. Cole was an old
r and aboul 55 yearn of ;ik« and
unmarried. He came here from Mayfleld
about a year ago and purchased his home.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TREATMENT
THIS NEW APPLICATION OF THE COM-
bined curative powers of both medical and
electrical treatment, as administered by the
skilled physicians of tbe Electro-Medical Insti-
tute, cor. Market, Powell and Eddy streets, has
Sroven a wonderful success, exercising over
isease a curative nower never before known
to the Medical World. The Doctors of this
Institute are curing all manner of Diseases so
quickly that those who bad lost all hope ol
health are amazed at tht> wonderful results
obtained through this new system of Electric-
ity and Medicine combined. Immediate relief
is given and perfect cures speedily follow,
many of which would have been Impossible
through electrical treatment alone or medical
treatment alone.
lIEDIfCC Insomnia, Hysteria, Chronlo
nCnlfawi Headaches Nervous Twicn-
ings, Palpitation of the Heart, Dizziness, Evil
Forebodings, Melancholia, Weak and Sinking
Spells, Nervoua Debility and all its attendant
ailments. The awful effects of neglected or
improperly treated cases, producing weakness
of body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in back,
loins and kidneys, and other distressing symp-
toms. Our Electro-Medical Treatment is tbt
only successful cure for nervous ailments.
DUCIiU&TICII aiaull k'^'lred diseases
ItnCUInA I Ivln of the joints and muscles
yield at once to its influences.
PITABOU ot the Nose - Throat, Lungs and
UN I Kltlin Stomach. Our special com-
bined catarrh treatment never falls.
BLUUO AND SKlfa classes thorough-
ly eradicated from the system.
niCC ICCC of the Heart, Stomach, Liver,
UlOCAdbd Kidneys, Bladder and kindred
organs treated by the Electro-Medical System
with unfailing- success.
I JiniCC Tnis Electro-Medical Combined
LAUIkOi treatment is a boon to sufferers
from all diseases peculiar to women.
lUDITE if you oannot call, and pet the
■■ill IE Doctors' opinion of your case.
CONSULTATION FREE£!?££
State Electro-Medical Institute
MARKET, POWELL & EDDY STS.
Entrance, 3 Eddy St. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
KLONDIKE
OUTFITS
Not complete without a supply o£ ,
GAIL BORDEN
EAGLE BRAND
CONDENSED MILK
ttlsrhe-t reputation for keeping qnal-
■ Itv^ cence, no experiment ; no loss.
I NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
TRANSPORTATION-Continued.
TRAVELERS TO DAWSON
Via DTEA ami SKAGUAY can arrange to
.have their provisions '.'sent Via St.'- Michael
and the Yukon River, by applying to.
ALASKA -YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO,,
3 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cal.
BIRCH Creek district: now nearly deserted
owing to lack of food; larger and' just as rich ! ■
as Klondike; produced about 000, 800; 1500 x%
■ 100 feet: our _ new modern steamer. Alice -
Rix, stops there going to Dawson City; our '
: book ■ free.- - Alaska Transportation ..- Co., 224 ." "
" Montgomery, st., opp. .Russ House. ' ■■. \ .
MINING. SUPPLIES. 
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
HEADQUARTERS FOR
MINING SUPPLIES. : CAMPING; OUTFITS. -
' w 311 TO 317 MARKET STREET.
:i; GAS ENGINES. ,
UNION GAS ENGiNEm
339 HOWARD STREET. ;
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
P. & B. PRODUCTS. .:
P. & B. BUILDING • PAPER and .P. & B. ;
READY ROOFING. : sold by all first-class deal- ! 1 .
era, are clean, odorless, : of great strength, rea- \
sonable In price and easy to transport. .• They ll "■•
keep 'heat,; cold,' dampness and dust out ot,^;
buildings; are particularly adapted to. Alaskan '
trade. PA RAFFINE PAINT CO.. 116 Battery
St. TH. No.. -Main 176.1 V'
SLEDS. BOATS, ETC. . , . r *
' .. ARCTIC sleds, Arctic do<cs, Yukon - boats,
pilot maps '• to • the ; Klondike, « Alaska ' outfits. •. -;
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with ; ".' .
boilers suitable to burn wood: 50 boats can b« :
seen '• at salesroom. G- W. K.NFA.SS. 71S Third
i st. 'Phone Red 2361.
56
SATURDAY..... MARCH 19, 1898
~JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tbls city and surrounding towns |
for 15 cents a week. By mall $6 per year; per montrj j
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftfts House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay, \
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street, open until i
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market ';
street corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518 |
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" Mysterious Mr. Bug-le."
Columbia— Primrose and West's Mlnstreis.
California—" Town Topics."
Alcazar— "The District Attorney.'
Morosco's— "The English Rose"
Tlvoll— "The Geisha-"
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple— L#ctnre on Phrenology.
Y. M. C A. Auditorium-Violin Recital, this afternoon.
Auditorium. Mason and Ellis etreets— Recitals of Scottish
Song: and Story" Monday evening, March U,
. Olyrupia. corner Mason and Eddy etreets— Specialties.
The Chutes— ChUjuita and Vaudeville.
California Jockey Club, Oakland— Races to-day.
Coursing-— lug-leside Courslus Park, this afternoon.
NOT A MATTER OF CHOICE.
WHAT the motive of the Supervisors of San
Diego County may have been in asking the
Governor to appoint a sealer of weights and
measures has not been announced. Probably the
request was made with full knowledge that under the
statutes it amounted to a command. That the Gov
ernor hoped he could find some way to avoid enforc
ing the law was made evident by his appeal to the
Attorney-General for an official construing. While
judgment was not passed upon the constitutionality
of the measure, the Attorney-General's reply was
Buch as to leave the Governor no alternative unless
the San Diegans, experiencing a change of heart,
might withdraw the request.
In all likelihood the people of the South did not
think of the burden their course was calculated to
fasten upon the people of the State, this burden
being particularly heavy in counties in which there
are large cities. In San Francisco, for instance, the
proposed position would be more desirable from a
ward, political and financial point of view than any
public position there is now in the State. It would
be the center about which would revolve the crooks
of whatever party happened to be in power, and the
more the sealer had to give to these the more the
people the law permits him to "hold up" would have
to give to him. No wonder the Governor wanted to
find a pretext for declining to act. California ob
jects to the '"pealing" industry.
THE LAW AND THE OPIUA\ DENS.
A STATE law and a city ordinance in due terms
and formal phrases provide for the infliction
of penalties upon any one who maintains a
place where persons assemble for smoking opium or
who resort to such a place for the purpose of using
or obtaining the drug. This double menace of the
law ought to be a sufficient guard for San Francisco
against the opium dens, but the only effect of the
duplication has been to leave the field open for them.
The State law overrides the city ordinance, according
to a decision of Judge Wallace, and then overleaps it
self by its own terms and permits the dope fiends to
indulge their depravities before the very eyes of the
police.
It appears the city ordinance was found in every
way satisfactory to the officers of the law, and under
it numerous convictions of persons keeping or re
sorting to opium dens were obtained. Last Novem
ber, however, a Chinaman convicted in a police
court for visiting an opium joint appealed to the
Superior Court, and Judge Wallace, who heard the
appeal, declared the ordinance invalid because there
is a State law on the subject. Attempts have been
made to procure convictions under the State law,
but all have failed because under its terms it must be
proven that the drug was obtained and smoked in the
place where it was obtained by the person accused.
Frank G. Drury, Assistant Prosecuting Attorney of
Police Court 3, who has had much experience in the
handling of cases arising under the ordinance, holds
the opinion that the Supreme Court would set aside
the judgment given by Judge Wallace, and in that
case it would be possible to return to the old practice
and prosecute the opium joint keepers and their
patrons under the city ordinance. It is worth while
putting this opinion to trial. A test case should be
made by the police as soon as possible and carried
to the Supreme Court. The magnitude of the evil
is sufficiently great to make it imperative that every
resource of the law should be made use of to put an
end to it.
Why, in the name of common sense should any at
tention be paid to the stuff sowed broadcast by
Honore Lame concerning Cuban affairs? If there is
any time Honore does not lie it is when lie is in
jail or asleep. Probably even then, in the first case,
he hurts his falsehoods at the naked walls just for the
sake of enjoying the echo, and there is eve/y proba
bility that he dreams in terms of mendacity, since he
understands no other.
Weyler is foolish in going to the trouble of deny
ing what the New York Journal says about him. It
is true that most people in this country regard him
as a butcher and a monster of cruelty, but they hold
this opinion not by reason of denunciation from the
Journal, but in spite of it.
People living across the bay are getting tired of
the delay marking the work on the ferry building.
They do not seem to realize that the longer the con
struction drags the more will be the .opportunities
for juggling contracts. Don't they want the worthy
gentlemen in charge to make a cent?
Whatever defense Architect Swain may make of
his course as a public official he cannot claim that a
man who has been mixed up with the jobs of the
Harbor Commission has been keeping very good
company.
If Costa Rica and Nicaragua are bent upon at
taining newspaper notoriety they would be wise to
postpone their fight. Accounts of it just at this time
would be likely to be crowded out by more important
m; tc
THE FORESTRY CONGRESS.
THROUGH the exertions of Mr. Abbott Kinney
the officers of the American Forestry Congress
have accepted an invitation to hold a summer
session in California, probably in the Yosemite Val
ley.
The application of the principles of forestry to the
preservation of our forest lands has had the West
for its field. Immense reservations of the public
domain have been made this side the Missouri River,
and frequently great popular discontent has arisen
from denial of the right of free commons on the
timber land of the Government within such reserva
tions.
Perhaps there is hardly any other object of gov
ernmental concern of more importance than preser
vation of the forest-producing capacity of timber
tracts. As presented to our people, however, in the
reservations already made, it appears simply as a de
nial to them of the commercial use of the forests.
Hence they have learned to decry the whole plan.
Forestry, however, does not imply denial of the
right to harvest timber, like any other crop, when
it is ripe and ready. It means that all timber of com
mercial dimension and under shall not be wastefully
sacrificed in the harvest.
Land covered by forest bears trees of nan/ ages,
sizes and kinds. California is the richest country in
the world in .conifers. Dendrologists have not
wearied in admiration of our redwoods, pines,
spruces, cypress and other conifers. The soil of the
forest is full of the germs of these trees. It is a nur-
scry set with growing trees coming on to make <he
commercial crop of the future. If, now, in using one
tree that is ready for the ax and saw we destroy a
hundred that are immature, and follow that by fires
which deaden the latent germs in the soil, we are
robbing our timber tracts of their reproductive ca
pacity and preparing for changes in our climate and
our streams and water supply of the most serious and
destructive nature.
The process of eliminating a forest may be slow,
but its restoration is slower. When the groves are
destroyed the soil is washed away because no longer
retained in place by the web of roots and fibers, and
the surface, once humid and shaded, is exposed to
direct evaporation. The conditions of reforestation
present problems that are very costly. European
Governments are now spending hundreds of millions
in terracing mountain slopes to hold soil enough in
which to plant seeds and nursery stock of trees,
which often have to be irrigated or artificially shaded
while they get a footing.
It has been observed that in no other place do the
conifers, especially, grow as rapidly and renew the
forests as soon as in California, provided the soil is
permitted to remain in its natural condition. Here
it is possible within one generation of men to illus
trate the benefits of proper treatment of forest soils
to secure a constant and unceasing succession of
crops of timber.
Eastern forests are rapidly disappearing. The pine
lands of the northern peninsula of Michigan and
of Wisconsin and parts of Minnesota were sandy
soils, covered with a light loam produced by the de
caying duff. When stripped of their large timber
these lands were usually ravaged by fire, which de
stroyed the young growth and burned the light top
stratum. They are now bare, sandy stretches. Den
drologists under State patronage are trying to set
them in the Norway sand grass that has been so ef
fective in holding the dunes in Golden Gate Park, but
scores of years must go by before they will support
any considerable forest growth.
The region which drew its lumber supply from
these spent forests must very soon look to the Pa
cific Coast for its supply of first-class lumber. If we
learn in time how to harvest our lumber and at the
same time preserve our forests we have in them a
mine of permanent wealth beyond computation. The
quality of rapid growth will make this coast the
source of supply not only for our own country, but
for the greater part of Europe.
We hope that the coming session of the Forestry
Congress will teach our people, face to face, the
value of preserving our forests and the ways of
economy in our timber harvest.
TURQUOISE AND HIEROGLYPHICS.
BY men of science and by all who are interested
in historic lore the story published in The
Call yesterday of the discovery of mines of
turquoise and the relics of an ancient race that
worked them in the desert of San Bernardino County
will be regarded as the most notable achievement of
journalistic research in recent years. As Dr. Gustav
Eisen of the Academy of Sciences says, "the finding
of these turquoise mines, together with the relics of
a prehistoric people, is the most important archaeo
logical discovery ever made in California."
From the result of the explorations made by The
Call's expedition under the direction of Dr. Eisen
it appears the discovery will prove of double benefit.
In the first place the deposit of turquoise seems to
be rich enough to repay mining on an extensive scale
and in this way prove a valuable addition to the
riches of the State. In the second place the number
of the glyphs and their excellent state of preserva
tion promise a means of eventually acquiring through
them a vast increase in the sum of our knowledge of
the races who inhabited this country in bygone times
and whose complete vanishment from the land is one
of the mysteries of history.
No man better fitted for the work required of him
by The Call in fitting out its expedition could have
been found than Dr. Eisen, and the manner in which
he performed the task attests the wisdom of the se
lection. In his report, published in The Call yester
day, he describes with scientific care and accuracy
the condition of the mines and the nature of the
mysterious glyphs. The sensation of the story is due
entirely to the wonderful facts disclosed and not to
any attempt at exaggeration or florid language. Dr.
Eisen has presented the discovery in a way to make
it interesting to scientific people, and there can be
no question but what the event will engage the at
tention of every archaeologist in this country and in
Europe.
That the race which worked the mines and carved
the glyphs was of. a very considerable antiquity seems
established beyond dispute by the character of the
glyphs themselves and by the relics of the implements
used in mining. The high state of preservation
in which they are found and the clearness of the
carvings are due not to any brevity in the time since
the implements were used and the work done, but to
the hardness of the basalt rocks on which the carv
ings were made and the conditions of the climate.
No heavy rains fall in that region to wash debris
from the hills and loose earth into the comparatively
shallow mines and cover them up. In that dry region
the face of the land does not change much from year
to year, or even from century to century. It appears
to-day virtually as it was a thousand years ago, and
all its records remain unblurred for* us to read as
best we can.
The only way to prevent a lot of foolish women
from playing pools is to send the sellers of the pools
to jail, where they belong. Such a task ought to be
not only pleasant, but easy
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1898.
PRINTING fIND STATIONERY.
THE gravest charge yet preferred against Mayor
Phelan is found in Auditor Broderick's recent
contribution to the epistolary war now raging
in the "finance department" of the municipal gov
ernment. Mr. Broderick alleges in terms that the
Mayor does not know the difference between station
ery and printing. He declares that the trouble in the
"finance department" has arisen out of his action in
auditing certain demands as stationery which the
Mayor thinks should have been audited as printing.
According to Mr. Broderick the Mayor regards a
printed letter-head as '.'printing" and declines to
recognize the distinction drawn between stationery
and printing by the consolidation act.
Of course we have been aware all along that Mayor
Phelan in more senses than one is a verdant official.
We have known, for instance, that in statesmanship
he is a vegetable of emerald hue, but until Auditor
Broderick sprung his late letter upon us we never
dreamed that, he was not possessed of sufficient dis
cernment to detect the difference between stationery
and printing. The merest tyro in municipal govern
ment ought to know that when engaged in the pleas
ing pastime of tearing up city stationary he is not de
stroying city printing. According to the records of
the Board of Supervisors the official paper performs
the city printing for nothing. We never heard of
anybody doing the city stationery for nothing. Even
the tax eaters who "do" it are paid :at salaries.
We have no desire to interfere in the epistolary
difficulty between the Mayor and the Auditor, but
we would respectfully suggest to the former that if
he expects to continue to serve the people he will
have to clear himself of the charge o ; not being able
to tell the difference between printing and stationery.
Mr. Phelan should refer the matter at once to Coun
seler Murphy, his legal adviser, or Colonel Sullivan,
his political mentor. It is true Counselor Murphy
does not know law from logic, nor Colonel Sullivan
peace from war; but these gentlemen have involved
the Mayor in this difficulty, and if there is a legal
distinction between printing and stationery, as Mr.
Broderick says there is, Messrs. Murphy and Sullivan
should be compelled to collect their thoughts and
define it without delay.
It will never do to send Mayor Phelan down to
history as a man who tears up stationer}' under the
impression that it is printing. If Counselor Murphy
thinks printing is stationery or stationery' printing
the Supreme Court should be asked for an injunction.
Evidently a mistake has been made in issuing him a
license to practice law. If Colonel Sullivan fs in the
same condition of mind a militia court martial should
be immediately summoned. Evidently a mistake has
been made in issuing him a colonel's commission.
In short, if Mayor Phelan and his Cabinet do not
know that stationery is not printir'? they should be
placed in a padded cell at once. We have thought all
along they were "off," but it has remained for the
Auditor to discover to the world a sign of their dis
eased intellects.
SENATOR PROCTOR'S STATEMENT.
SENATOR PROCTOR'S statement of the con
dition of Cuba gives the people of the United
States a clearer conception of the evils pro
duced in that unhappy island by the policy pursued
by the Spaniards in their attempt to subjugate the
Cubans than would have been furnished by a thou
sand pages of lurid and sensational rhetoric. It will
be more potent in moving the country to take some
decided action to put an end to the war than all the
speeches of the jingoes from Ma«<>'. to Tillman. The
very moderation of the language adds to the itn
pressiveness of the story. It is a statement in which
the words are mild, but the meaning is terrible.
The Senator describes Havana as a city where
business and pleasure are carried on very much as in
normal times. Quiet prevails and only the extra
ordinary number of troops seen about the streets
reminds the visitor that it is the headquarters of an
army and that it is girt round on every landward side
by foes.
In the interior, however, all is different. Of the
condition of the four provinces which the Senator
visited, out of the six into which the island is di
vided, he says: "It is not peace, nor is it war. It is
desolation and distress, misery and starvation." Each
town or village is surrounded by a trocha, or trench
of rifle pits, and is guarded by a troop of Spanish
soldiers. Beyond the distance from these military
stations which the troops can easily guard there are
no domestic animals, no pastures nor cultivated
fields, no harvests of any kind. The Spaniards hold
in these four provinces just what their troops can
encamp upon, and all beyond is laid waste and
ruined.
In this situation the Senator found the people al
most unanimous for freedom and for the continuance
of the war until freedom is secured. He met but few
autonomists and these had little faith in that policy.
Among all classes of the people the belief prevails
that the offer of autonomy has come too late. Even
the business men of the cities, who are most eager
for peace, declare that it is now vain to expect peace
under Spanish sovereignty.
This being the situation of affairs in an American
island so close to our Floridian shores that the sound
of guns at Havana can almost be heard at Key West.
ir is for us to determine promptly what part we shall
play in the drama. To do nothing- is to take action
on the side of Spain. Non-partisanship is partisan
shin in an issue of this kind.
Senator Proctor did not include in his speech an
appeal for interference on our part, nor did he make
any suggestion of what should he done. Under the
circumstances this silence is significant. It is known
the Senator is in close relations with the administrat
ion. and it is likely he adopted a policy of silence on
such n vitnl point in his theme because he is awnre
the President will soon speak -for himself and the
neople in terms that will settle the issue and redeem
Cuba from the worst government ever practiced on
this hemisphere since its history has been recorded.
Cubans still announce that the)' will accept only
freedom from Spain. This being the case, their
cliance of accepting nothing would seem to be ex
cellent. When they obtain freedom it may be . be
stowed by other than Spanish hands.
Senior Proctor has won the regard of this coun
try. He did not tro to Cuba with a blare of horns.
and instead of writing for some yellow sheet the re
sult of his observations was calmly portrayed as a
gentleman addressing gentlemen.
Evidence accumulates that the ferry depot was de
signed for the benefit of a few contractors and that
none of the "good things" have been overlooked.
There have been lately enough murders fallowed
by the suicide of the mnrderer to go far toward re
storing belief in the orthodox hell.
There are evidences that Editor and Harbor Com
missioner Colnon is in danger of permitting his
angry passions to rise.
China's prospects of being civilized off the face of
I the earth seem to be improving every dar.
THE
SPANISH BATTLESHIP
YPIRANGA
Dedicated to the Examiner's flagship of Spain's new "Invincible Armada." a phan
tonv a myth, an Isn't, that is to sweep the sea.
Did ye ever hear tell of the "Ypiranga,"
A hot old craft was she —
(Any old thing was she)
* Whenever her million-ton gun went "bang" a
Star or two dropped in the sea-
Right smack down into the sea.
To. hoi Yo, hi! Yo he!
Straight down through a hole in the sea.
The ensign of the "Ypiranga"
Was as yellow as it could be —
(No yellower it could be)
And the black-lipped gale around it sang a
Heel-lifting, cavorting, wild glee—
A war-howling, hot, sizzling glee.
Yo, ho! Yo. hi! Yo, he!
A saftron-hued, goggle-eyed glee.
The yard that builded the "Ypiranga"
No mortal man ever did see —
(And no woman ever could see)
?fo ear ever heard the faintest of clang a-
Coming out from its factoree —
Nor sound from its founderee.
Yo. ho! Yo, hi! Yo, he!
No screech from Its armoree.
The skipper fierce of the "Ypiranaga"
Mild of manner is he —
tLamblike of soul is he)
He never let out a word of slang a-
Ripping loud over the sea—
Not a cross-word over the sea.
Yo. ho! Yo, hi! Yo, he!
(Jack's usual talk to the sea.)
When he mounted the bridge of the "Ypiranga"
At home you better had be —
(Buried you better had be)
Better a nip from a bulldog's fang a-
Shore than glances from him at se a -
Than soft glances from him at sea.
Yo, ho! Yo, hi! Yo, he!
Than a glance of his eye at sea.
Look out, look out for the "Ypiranga,*
Hot blood and powder is she^
(Sky rockets and pinwheels is she)
Whenever her million-ton batteries go "bang" a
Hell-fire breaks out on the sea-
Red devils skip over the sea,
Yo, ho! Yo. hi! Yo, he!
Yellow fakers cavort o'er the sea.
—THE SEA SINGER.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
There has been a regular row in Vienna
over the first Austrian production of
Leoncavallo's "La Boheme" at the Im
perial Opera-house. Van Dyck. a famous
tenor, who began life as a reporter, was
to have created the role of Marcel, but he
was suffering from the grip, and begged
to have the production put off for a day
or two. Leoncavallo, who did not want to
lose the services of such a rood artist,
! sustained him in his request. The direct
or, Herr Mahler, gave no satisfaction to
the singer or the composer, coolly declar
ing that discipline must be maintained,
and that to enforce it he would have the
j performance as originally arranged. Un
j der these conditions. Van Dyck produced
! a doctor's certificate, declaring that he
was unht to sing, and Leoncavallo, in
high dudgeon, kept away from the re
hearsals and announced that he would
j not be in the house on the first night. The
I autocratic Mahler reluctantly released
i Van Dyck, confided the role of Marcel to
i another tenor and pushed forward the
rehearsals. He gave the opera on ..ne
j ni^ht originally announced, and its sue
: cess was Immense. Leoncavallo, sulking
j in his tent, was sent for in haste, and
was greeted with such deafening ap
plause and received such masses of flow
ers and floral crowns that balm was
poured on his wounded feelings, and he
made peace with Mahler. The only crum
pled rose leaf that, evening was the ab
sence of Van Dyck, which was comment
ed on in the foyer, as the public had been
looking forward to his creation of the
principal role. Next winter Vienna will
not .tave Van Dyck, as he is already en
gaged by Grau for the New York Metro
politan Opera-house season.
Prince Henri de Valori, one of the best
known amateurs of music in the wor.d.
died suddenly the other day at Nice of
an attack of apoplexy. He was descend
ed from a -ranch of one of the oldest
families in Florence, which had for some
generations been settled in France. The
Prince, who was a perfect gentleman as
well as an ardent musician, was for a
number of years the French representa
tive of the Spanish pretender, Don Carlos.
He was in the habit of writing, from time
to time, newspaper articles relative to
music, but though he showed a passion
ate love and appreciation for the art, it
must be acknowledged that his ideas
were a little behind the times, for he be
lieved firmly in the old 'style of Italian
opera, and could see nothing good in
Wagner and his followers. He has left
two published volumes of criticism, which
from the standpoint of modernity leave
something to be desired. The first is en
titled "La Music, le Bon Sens et tes Deux
Operas," and the other is named "Verdi
et Son Oeuvre."
Jeno Hubay, the Hungarian violinist,
has left the land of the Magyars, to which
his fame has hitherto been principally
confined, and has gone to Paris, whore
he is soon to be heard at one of the
Lamoureux concerts. It is expected that
he will create a sensation, for Hubay is
not only an instrumentalist of the highest
order, but is a composer of great promise.
The Buda Pesth Opera-house recently
gave the fiftieth performance of "The
Violin Maker of Cremoria," a lyric drama
In two acts which he composed on a
libretto by Henri Beauclair, after Fran
cola Coppe's well-known little play. Hu
bay's music to this piece has ravished
Hungarian ears and it is expected that
Paris will soon mount the lyric drama.
In all probability Hubay will be brought
to America next season as a musical sen
sation.
The text of "LAn Mil," the new work
by Gabriel Pierne that Colonne recently
executed at one of the Chatelet concerts,
was borrowed by the composer from the
Neumatic singers of the Middle Ages.
"LAn Mil" is a choral, symphonic poem,
and instead of the usual movements of
a Bymphony It is divided into three parts,
symphonic, picturesque and decorative.
Although the words are those used by the
Neumatic singers, the music has not any
of the monotony of Neumatic music.
"LAn M4l" has made quite an impression
In Paris and the newspapers have been
giving excerpts from it.
August Bungprt, the composer, who has
devoted himself to making Homer's he
roes famous in music, has retired to a
village on the Rhine, where he is busily
engaged in orchestrating his opera "Nau
sicaa." which composes the third part
of his cycle, "The Homeric "World." Bun
gert is not letting the grass grow beneath
his feet, for in addition to a volume of
verse which he has just published, he is
also putting the finishing touches to a
grand musical drama entitled "Luther."
In this work the Pope, as well as Dante,
Tasso, Raphael, Faust and Savonarola,
figure on the stage.
An audience at the French naval port
of Cherbourg was treated the other night
to a very painful scene, the climax of a
story of love and jealousy. It was at the
Alcazar Theater and the popular lyric
artist, Marthe Crimon, was singing when
Sergeant Bertillon of the marines dashed
on the stage and gave the vocalist three
strokes with his bayonet, then he stabbed
himself three times with the same
weapon before any one had time to Inter
pose. The two unfortunates fell In a pool
of blood and were carried to the hospital
in a very critical condition.
A grand musical exposition will be
given In Berlin during the summer for
the benefit of the fund to build a monu
ment to Richard Wagner. Special sec
tions will be devoted to all the known
epochs of music during the world's his
tory and to the special music of different
countries. The autographs of celebrated
musicians will form a special exhibit, and
considerable space will be devoted to mu
sical publications of all sorts, both an
cient and modern, including books of in
struction and musical literature. It is
also intended to give historical concerts.
The Minister of War for Austria-Hun
gary has Just opened a competition for
the composition of a military march in
honor of Emperor Francis Joseph's
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Joseph Ladue, the famous trapper and miner,
and the present owner of Dawson City, and for
many years the agent of the Alaska Commercial
Company, gives a hint to persons going to Alaska,
and pays great compliment to a well-known
article. He writes : —
"I have always used the Royal Baking
Powder in Alaska and Northwest Territory,
as no other gave equal satisfaction in that
harsh climate. I also found my customers
always insisted on having that brand."
Feb. 1 8th, 1898.
golden Jubilee. The successful march
will be played on December 2 by all the
I military bands of the empire. Only peo
! pie of Austrian or Hungarian birth may
! compete and compositions must reach the
\ Minister before July 1. IS9S.
"Eugene Onegulne." considered by
' Russians to be Tschaikowski's best
opera, has just been translated and given
in Italian for the first time In St. Peters
burg. The work has made as great a hit
i as when given in Russian. The chief in
terpolators were Mme. Sigrid Arnoldson
i the tenor Masini, the barytone Batistmi
• and the basso Rossi.
Another Marches! pupil has come to the
front. The new star is a Hungarian, and
rejoices In the somewhat difficult name
of Mariska Kamaromi. Unlike most of
the Marches! pupils, she has ambitions
to shine in operetta, and at present is
charming Budapest in Massager s pretty
comic opera, "Les_Petltes Michu.
A grand Norwegian musical festival
will take place in July at Bergen, under
the direction of Edward Grieg. A special
building, containing 3000 seats, will be
erected for the concerts. The number of
performers, including choir and orchestra,
will be over 500. The programmes are to
consist exclusively of works by >«or
wegian composers.
A new instrument, that is said to com
bine the qualities of the alto and of tha
violin, has been heard in public in Paris.
According to some writers, It is destined
to play an Important role In orchestras
of the future. Altermann Is the inventor
of the new viol.
Backar-Grandahl. a new Norwegian
composer, Is following so brilliantly in
Grieg's footsteps that he bids fair to be
come as famous as tbe old master. His
works are winning a great vogue In
Europe.
Anton Dvorak is writing an opera in
three acts entitled, "The Devil and
Catln." His subject la taken from an
old Slav legend.-
Emma Calve, recovered from her se,vera
attack of the grippe, is again triumphing
in Paris in Massenet's "Sapho."
Jean La Salle, the celebrated barytone,
has started on a grand tour of Germany
and Austria-Hungary.
"The Geisha" has lust been translated
Into French, and is being produced at the
Athenee-Comlque, Paris.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BALDNESS— H. B. S.. City. This de
partment Is unable to furnish the infor
mation desired about Dr. Sabouraud s
baldness microbe treatment.
GRUBSTAKING— G. F., City. What a
person gets for "grubstaking another
who is going to a mine" is a matter of
contract between the Individuals.
A BULLETIN— A. S., City. A copy of
the Bulletin of San Francisco issued Jan
uary 30. 18«5, has no market value. It Is
worth just whatever a person who would
want it would be willing to give for it.
DEALERS— Reader, Point Arena, Cal.
Had you sent a self-addressed and
stamped envelope a list of such dealers
as you wish to know about would have
been sent you.
DRAWING— H. D. G., City. Mechan
ical and architectural drawing is taught
in the Lincoln evening school, but "draw
ing and the art of illustration" is not
taught in any of the night schools of San
Francisco.
A DOLLAR OF 1870— Subscriber. City.
No premium is offered by dealers in eld
coins for dollars of 1870, but the dealers
charge from $2 50 to $3 for such coins is
sued out of the Carson City and Phila
delphia mints.
DIVORCE— A. S., Chico, Cal. If a man
brings an action against his wife for di
vorce and she fails to make answer and
he fails to appear to press the case, hav
ing left the State, the case will be strick
en from the docket.
WEALTH OF NATIONS— IST. J. G..
City. It is impossible to give the exact
wealth of nations. Only an approxima
tion can be furnished. The wealth of
the United States is given at $48,475,000,000;
that of Great Britain and Ireland at
$43,600,000,000, and that of France at $40,
300,000,000.
STREET CARS— G. W.. City. There are
593 cars used on the street car lines of
San Francisco, daily. That includes elec-
trie, cable, steam and horse cars. There
are about 650 electric and cable cars in
daily use. The aggregate of street car
tracks is 326V4 miles. The majority of the
routes over which one can ride on a single
fare, including transfer, is 7^ miles.
Genuine eyeglasses, specs; 15c up. 33 4th
A handsome present for your Eastern
friends, Townsend's Cal. glace fruits, 50c
lb, in fire etched boxes. 627 Palace Hotel.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ♦
Watts— l tell you seeing is believing.
Potts— l don't agree.
Watts— Why not?
Potts— Well, I see you every day, but I
don't believe you.
I For Bronchial and asthmatic Com plaints
■'Brown* Bronchial Troches" have remarkable
curative properties. Sold only in boxes.
. ■ .<,;*■ m * ■ VVV V ■ -_
Dr. Siegebt's Angostura Bitters, the world
renowned appetizer and lnvigrorator, is used over
the whole civilized world. Beware of Imitations.
: '.• ,*»»«"_ . ■ . :, ; ■ ... ■
To neglect ibi hair Is to low youth and comeli
ness. Save It with Pabker's Hair Balsam. '■
- Parker's Ginger Tonic cures inward pain.
Bougereaux, one of the most famous
of living French painters, has in his stu
dio nothing of the unconventionality and
luxury of the successful artist. There
is nothing in his workshop but the ma
terials for work.THE ARTHUR
A TOTAL LOSS
She Probably Capsized in
a Gale and Drowned
All Hands.
Everything Ready on the Ore
gon for a Brush With
the Enemy.
Ail That th« Cargo of the Stranded
Ship New "York Brought
Was $3600.
The schooner Arthur I has been lost,
"With all hands. On Wednesday last The
Call printed exclusively the fact that the
vessel was long overdue at Tillamook,
and that fears were entertained that she
was the schooner seen bottom up by the
Canadian sealing schooner that put into
Astoria in distress. These fears were
■well founded, as news reached the city
yesterday that the remains of the Arthur
I had gone ashore near Oil Town. Or.
The latter place is about thirty miles
from Tillamook. for wnich place the
schooner was bound.
The Arthur I sailed from San Francisco
en February 11 last in command of Cap
tain C . Jacobson. The mate was a new
man, and his name is said to be H. Carl-
Bon. The cook was Morton Peterson, and
the sailors Charles Fredricks, Charles
Erricson and another man whose name is
x not known. As nothing has been heard
■^■from them it is feared that all hands
have been lost. The Arthur I was a
foretopsail schooner, owned by the lver
sen Trading Company of San Francisco,
and she was valued at $8000. ■'-■•: ":--i
The Stockton steamer J. D. Peters ran
into the bulkhead between Clay and
Washington wharves yesterday and did
considerable damage. The planking was
I torn up and a Whitehall boat smashed,
while the steamer was considerably
scratched up. The engineer misunder
stood the signals and went "full speed
ahead" instead of ••full speed astern."
The gunboat Pinta has been repaired at
last and will get away for San Diego this
morning. Her boilers have been made
tight and the boiler tubes fixed, and it
is now thought that she can make the
journey down the coast without a break
down. She will make a stop at Santa
Barbara, where the naval reserve will be
reviewed, and a reception and review
Will also be held at San Diego.
The battle-ship Oregon will also leave
some time to-day, for what part of
the continent no one seems to know. The
general impression aboard is that she is
bound for Key West, but it cannot be
confirmed. Yesterday the sergeant of ma
rines and the boatswain were ashore,
hunting up stragglers, and everybody had
the strictest instructions to be aboard
last night. No visitors were allowed
I aboard yesterday, and all the finishing
touches "were given to the preparations
for departure. The big warship is now
ready for an engagement with the enemy,
and her officers and men are hoping that
the time will come soon.
The Marion will not be moved from her
SAILORS AS PUGILISTS.
An Interesting Physical Culture Contest on the
Water Front.
CONDON WINS FROM HARRIS IN THE THIRD ROUND
One of the best physical culture contests ever seen in San Francisco took
tlace on Pacific-street wharf yesterday. The men are welter-weights and very
Sharkey and Choynski in their build. "Klondike" Condon, the winner in
third round, is Sharkey's counterpart on a smaller scale.
For some time past things pugilistic have been very quiet in Australia. The
grass has been very short with Larry Foley's pets, and many of them have
Bought and found other means of employment. Several of them are now acting
as nremen on the steamer Moana. which arrived from Sydney. N. S. W.. a few
days ago Among them is "Klondike Condon" and "Geordie" Harris. These two
were good friends throughout the voyage, but they quarreled on St. Patrick s
During the evening they both met in the kitchen. While enjoying a sn ax* they
R ot into a row "over the grub." as one of the sailors put it. and one word led
to another until Harris struck Condon on the cheek with his open hand. X on
dike prepared to strike back, but stopped himself and said: "We can t possibly
fight it out now Suppose we wait until the dinner hour to-morrow, when we
can go out on the wharf and settle the whole thing." "I'm with you, an.
swered Harris, and then the two gladiators resumed their supper in silence.
It did not take the news of the coming fight long to spread all over the ship,
and promptly at noon yesterday all the oilers and firemen, sailors, cooks stew
ards and cabin boys, longshoremen and deck hands trooped ashore to witness
e i£otaSuy at noon the Pacific-street wharf is cleared and the big gates shut
not to he opened again until 1 p. m. The men thus had the wharf Practfcally
to themselves and it did not take long to improvise a 24-foot inclosure. E. R.
Robinson, -ne of the crew, was chosen as referee and the fight began.
Yen- Uttte time was wasted in fiddling for an opening. Condon led for trie
face, but Harris countered and Condon went to his knees. Geordie aga n
landed, this time on the mouth, cutting Klondike's lips. The latter now got in
left and right on the head and Harris went down. Condon led and missed ana
then Harris knocked his head back with a straight left between the eyes, ai
this stage of the tight Harris seemed to be getting the better of the argument,
and there was great excitement among the ship's crew. Geordie got in anotner
smash on Klondike's sore nose and followed it up with a stiff body Blow dvi
received a heavy right and left on the face in return. Both men showed the re
sult of the quick fighting after the round, but Condon was the quickest 10 re-
Klondike opened the second round with a left on Geordie s ear that made It
Blng for the rest of the fight. Harris fought back, however and had f Condon con
stantly on the defensive He banged Klondike right and left on the jaw and
tried hard to get In KUzsimmons' famous solar-plexus blow. Harr is led for the
head, but Condor, countered heavily with a left and Geordie went to his knew,.
He was up in an Instant and was putting it all over Klondike when the call of
i mm i CC nn C s^t e c of his punishment Klondike was the fresher man of the two when
Ike third round opened. He went for Geordie like an enraged bull ami landed
a right on the face and a left on the ear. Geordie returned with a left on tie
jaw "Klondike" put his right on the chin an* Harris went down He »m up
within the limit and Condon hanged him with right and left : » nd Jo we nt dojn
again. Harris got op and made another attempt to fight, but Condon rushed
him into his corner and pummelcd him until his seconds threw up the sponge.
It did not take Harris long to recover, and half an hour later the two pugil
ists were working Hide by side as though nothing had happened, me ngnt was
with bare knuckles, and while it lasted was the kind of a contest athletes
would go many a mile to see.
berth at Howard street wharf until Ad
jutant General Barrett gets here from
Sacramento. Chief Wharfinger Hoot no
tified the executive officer of the sloop-of
war that she would be moved out at 9
a, m. to-day, but when the situation was
explained to him he agreed to await the
arrival of the adjutant general.
Captain Peter Mapee of the Coos Bay
tug Columbia has gone to Puget Sound
to act as pilot between Seattle and Dyea
and Skaguay. Captain Swan of the bark
Aureola goes to Coos Bay to take com
mand of the tug Columbia, and Captain
Hughes will take out the Aureola.
The cargo of the American ship New
York, stranded in Halfmoon Bay. was j
sold at auction in the Merchants Ex
change building yesterday for $owo. J. i
Pantoskey of Alameda was the pur- ;
chaser, and he will at once begin the
work of salvage. The latest news from
the wreck is that the hull has gone right
over to starboard, and that every wave
breaks clear over the ship. The rice in
the hold has swelled and burst up the
decks, and the entire cargo is ruined Ine ;
vessel's back is broken, and the hull at ,
least will be a total loss.
John Hyslop. observer for the Mer- ,
chants' Exchange at Point Lobos Is en- j
joying his first vacation in twenty -five j
years? He knows every ship that soils |
••by the rut of her jib." ana he is himself >
a personal friend of every sMPP er *, h^
has sailed in and out of the Golden Gate
during the past quarter of a centurj. ,
All his friends are wishing him a pleasant j
holiday, and that he will come back from j
Paso Rohles. where he is rusticating,
much the better for his outiner.
Mrs Kugenia Schuller. who was shot
by her husband last Sunday will proba
bly be removed to St. Mary's Hospital to
day from the Harbor Receiving Hospital.
She has improved very much of late, and
Dr Zabala now thinks that with care she
will recover.
COMMITTED FOB PERJUBY.
An Attorney's Clerk Gets HimsSeJf
Into Serious
Bernard R. Meyers, an attorney's
dork, was ordered into custody by Judge
Hunt yesterday to answer a charge of
perjury. . , .
Ag-nes Dies recently commenced suit for j
divorce against her husband. Thomas
Dies, and a -ew days later made appli
cation to be granted alimony pending the
hearing of the case. Meyers made affi
davit that he had personally served the
papers in the alimony, proceeu.ngs on
Dies, and w».en -ies failed to apepar at
the appointed time Judge Hunt directed
that he be cited for contempt. When the
matter came up for hearing yesterday
morning Dies testified that he had not
been personally summoned. His testi
mony was corroborated by three other
Meyers, waen called to the stand, ad
mitted that he had not personally served |
Pies, but had "left" .-.c paoers for him.
"Why then, did you make affidavit or
personal service? 11 asked Judge Hunt.
"I didn't know what I was swearing
to " replied Meyers. "The affidavit was
given to me, and I swore to it before
reading it." ,
Judge Hunt thereupon committed Mey
er" into the custody of the Sheriff and
fixed his bail at $5000.
False Imprisonment Alleged.
John Rury commenced suit yesterday
against M. A. Brandt and P. H. Swartz
to recover $5- 0 damages for false im
prisonment. He alleges that on June 15
last the defendants maliciously caused his
arrest at Wilmington. Los Angeles Coun
ty and that after being he'd in prison
for four days he was discharged, as there
was no evidence to substantiate the
charge.
The best lead pencil in the world is the
"Koh-I-Xoor." Try it. *
THE SA^T FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1898.
A CLOSE FINISH AT INGLESIDE.
NOSE TO NOSE AT THE WIRE.
From a photo by Hodson.
The thrilling finish at Ingleside track on Saturday. November 8, 1897,
between the grand little race mare Marquise piloted by G. Wilson, the
sturdy Gradv with "Mike" Hennessy up. and the redoubtable sprinter Tea
Rose 111 ridden by Dick Clawson, in which the former made a phenome
nal run from the rear, winning by a nose, with the tiring Tea Kose beaten the
same distance for the place by Grady.
FRAIL CRAFT
IN A STORM
Probable Loss of Indian
Sealers Off Crescent
Bay.
the Little
Reach
Two Survivors of
Schooner Teresa
the Shore.
Report That All of the Vessel's Small
Boats Were Overtaken by
a Gale.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CRESCENT CITY, March IS.— The
sighting of a small sail boat last even
ing bearing in upon a dangerous reef
in the northern part of Crescent Bay
caused alarm and wonderment of those
acquainted with the harbor, and much
speculation was indulged respecting the
reckless or unadvised navigator. But
the little craft steadily approached the
: shore and landed at an unusual place,
and one considered dangerous. An anx
ious crowd soon gathered there, to find
that two Indians were the occupants
of the boat. It proved to be a canoe
only about twenty feet long— a light
structure.
The Indians were addressed in Eng
lish, but no reply was elicited. Then a
native Indian was brought as interpre
ter, but with no better success. Fortu
nately, there appeared on old-time pio
neer of Oregon— P. C. Scroud— who at
once dictated in the Siwasb gibberish
of the two men — a so-called language
familiar to himself.
Then the mystery was soon solved.
The Indians had forty-eight hours pre
viously left the schooner Teresa, a ves
sel engaged In sealing, at a point eft!
the mouth of Rogue River. There the
Teresa had anchored for business pur
poses, and their boat, with nine others
of like description, had taken their de
parture for a seal hunt. A severe storm
came up, and they were unable to get
back to the vessel, but were driven off
down the coast before the prevailing
tempest. Far out at sea and with
scarcely the ability to keep afloat, what
may have been the state of the other
boats is of course a matter of specula
tion, but the two survivors here seem
to think their escape from death was
almost a miracle. There is but little
hope for those in the other canoes.
The schooner Teresa left Noo-tka
Round two months ago. The two In
dians had one seal with them, and re
port a catch of 130 by the expedition up
to the date of their departure.
OPPOSED TO THE PESTHOUSE.
West of Castro-Street Improvement
Club Does Not Object to the
Hospital.
The West of Castro Street Improvement
Club, at a meeting last night at Captain
Anderson's Hall, on Twenty-fourth and
Dolores streets, entered a formal protest
against the locating of a pesthouse in ad
dition to the proposed new City and
County Hospital to be erected there. To
the hospital Itself they are not opposed,
but they do not desire an annex in the
shape of a pesthouse placed on the tract.
This they consider would be injurious to
the surrounding neighborhood, and will,
if carried out, cause property to decrease
In value and otherwise setract from that
portion of the city as a fashionable and
pleasurable driveway. This is made all
the more apparent by reason of the Bal
boa boulevard, which will be extended to
Golden Gate Park in the near future.
The very name of a "pesthouse," it Is
claimed, will to a very great extent mar
the attractiveness of the place and send
pleasure-seekers to a more select loca
tion for a Sunday's outing. The members
of the club say that had they known that
a pesthouse was to be added to the hos
pital appropriation and located on the
Almshouse tract they would have sent in
a very pointed protest to the Supervisors.
The "hospital by itself they do not so
much object to. but at the same time they
would favor some other section of the
city had they the choice of its location.
Another grievance, and one that they
are loud in denouncing, is that of lack of
school accommodation for the children of
the valley. No reason can be advanced
by either the Supervisors or the Board
of Education why schools sufficient for
the accommodation of all the children in
the city should not be provided. This, It
is claimed by the parents of the children
residing in what is known as Noe Val
ley, is the first and most Important duty
of the city authorities having charge of
the city's funds.
TO HONOR PENNSYLVANIA.
Its Governor and His Distinguished
Companions to Be Entertained by
the Union League Ciub.
The Union League Club, of which
Tirey L. Ford is president, is ever ready
to extend the right hand of fellowship
in a broad public spirit to distlnguiyhed
guests of the city. The club has decided
to give an informal reception next Mon
day evening to Governor Daniel H. Has
tings of Pennsylvania, Attorney-General
11. C. McCormick and State Senator J.
H. Cochran of the Williamsport district.
Mr. Ford and H. G. W. Dinkelspiel will
see that the arrangements are worthy of
the club.
Governor Hastings and his party, in
cluding a number of ladies, last evening
made a tour of Chinatown in the com
pany of Mayor Phelan. This morning
they leave for Monterey and will return
in the afternoon.
HOW HEARST
WAS BUNKOED
Stuart's Secretary Whee-
lock Fleeced Yellow
Journalists.
Secured Five Hundred Dollars
to Give Governor Sadler
for an Interview.
But the Nevada Executive Talked
Gratuitously and the Sporting Man
Skipped With the Money.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARSON, Nev., March 18.— The News
last evening published a story to the
effect that "Wheelock, who was Stuart's
secretary at the big fight, "dimmed"
the Examiner out of $f>oo, which sum
was paid him under the impression that
he alone could secure an interview with
Governor Sadler Immediately after the
fight. Dan Stuart was sick in bed
and Wheelock was his right-hand man.
When the Examiner men planned the
campaign they wished to have an in
terview with Governor Sadler imme
diately after the fight. It was pre
sumed that Wheelock v:is quite friend
ly with the Governor, at least he so
represented himself, and was asked to
request the Governor to give the Ex
aminer an exclusive interview after
Corbett had "knocked the stuffing" out
of the Cornish kangaroo. A day or
two later Wheelock called at the news
paper office and said the Governor
would give the desired interview for
$500. The yellow newspaper people
thought this was rather strong, but
they finally consented.
After the fight a local member of the
staff sought the Governor and secured
the desired article. SeveraL months
afterward the local man recflved word
from headquarters that the money had
been paid over to Wheelock in San
Francisco, and to ascertain if the
Governor had received it all right. Then
it was learned that the whole thing
was a steal, and that the Governor
never had any idea of receiving any
compensation for his little interview,
but had granted it because he felt
kindly toward the man who had re
quested it. The receipt given by Whee
lock, photographs of the check, etc.,
were immediately forwarded to Car
son, but there the matter dropped. The
yellow journal and its staff did not
care to prosecute, as they were used
to being swindled and did not care to
bring any one from Carson into the
courts as a witness, but Governor Sad
ler felt differently about it, and was
soon closeted with his lawyers, not
that he desired the money, but that he
wished to punish the scoundrel who
had made a catspaw of him. He found
that it would be necessary to first en
tice Wheelock into the State, and he
anxiously awaited his arrival, but he
did not come and he never will. Stuart
was informed of the matter by letter.
Nb one on the outside knows what he
said or what he did, but very soon it
was observed that Wheelock, the for
mer secretary and right-hand man,
was no longer connected with the port
ly Texan. Now it is reported that the
swindler is flat in a financial way with
no prospects of again getting up. Al
Livingston, when shown the News ar
ticle this evening, says it is true in
every particular. The Governor is out
of town.
The Late Father O'Connor.
A solemn requiem mass of month's
memory will be celebrated In St. Peter's
church. Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets, on next Monday at 10 o'clock for
the repose of the soul of the late Rev.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Will carry health in and sickness
out of your house. IT IS NON-
INTOXICATING and therefore
EVERYBODY'S Malt Extract .
Convalescents ■ must hay; it.
7. Gives new strength— new life to "
the worn-out systems.
All Druggists.
BLATZ BREWING CO.,
MILWAUKEE, WIS.. U. S. A.
LOUIS CAH EN & SON,
- , : -.WheleMl* Dealers. '. .
4:s-4;8 SmmnumZtQ ZL
ADVERTISEMENTS* , . . '■ V : :.^_;j. _.■ ...;.;
, H _«_ H _ B-H-B-B— B— B-H-B-B-B-B-H-B-ffl-H- E— H— B-D-^S-B-E-H-
y
f 1 Management of ■^■w^f^g^^' 9 i^
iff ion if n\/ a 11
f MISS M.RYAN, I - m X; :
Vx LA Formerly With & Co.,*^^';'S^^^ JftP^ i;
P LA VATE BRETT & Co.,*|N o^o**
i The Famous N. Y. Milliners, T- SjS^^
I MISS IDA ASSISTED KIRCHNER I .
I MISS IDA M. KIRCHNER I
sal A*? HEAD TRIMMER h? '
A AS HEAD TRIMMER, o^> =^ WSWm>
S«'%- v TEN ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG .ys j T^, /^^il'S^l'^^t
HALE BROS. \J®~3tlsl / HALE BROS.
(INCORPORATED). N^L /?T_^^ (INCORPORATED),
937.947 MARKET STREET 937=947 MARKET STREET
AMUSEMENTS.
f£c£umfiia cftuatft.
VfRIEOtANMB 60TTIOB &Cfitsui» 6n«M«m
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— TIMES.
Primrose & West's Big Minstrels
i A HOST OF LEADING STARS!
A LONG LIST OF FEATURES'.
EXTRA. . .
...NEXT MONDAY...
America's Greatest Indoor Show,
RICE'S
"1492."
' 60-PEOPLE— 6O
Handsome Accessories. Beauty Galore.
SEATS NOW READY.. ■
fSitDMJIDtf 60ITIC8 at« vmm» *««■»•»•
Every Evening (Including Sunday),
Matinee To-day. All This and Next Week
Madeleine Lucette Ryley's Merry Comedy, the
"MYSTERIOUS MR. BUGLE."
Presented by JOSEPH HOLLAND and a-
Splendid Cast. Sunday Night, Begins; v>
the Last Week.
Coming— ANNA HELD.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
LAST TWO NIGHTS-MATINEE TO-DAY.
Matinee Prices— Lower Floor. -jc.
The Great Farce Comedy Success,
TOWN TOPICS.
With the Celebrated
WORLD, KELLER AND MACK. ■
Prices— lsc. 25c and 50c-— No higher.
March 2S— F. Marlon Crawford.
ALvAZ<AK« MAIN 254. '
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
:. ; ;ivV- Seats, l.c. 25c and 35c.
To-night and To-morrow (Sunday) Last Per-
formances of
« THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY "
MONDAY NIGHT— Hot Farce,
"UNCLE DUDLEY" or
"THE GIRL UP TO DATE." •
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
SUNDAY EVENING. MARCH 20,
POPULAR CONCERT
Given by
THE GREAT FRENCH VIOLINIST.
HENRI MARTEAU,
■ : .": — and—
• AIME LACHAUME,
PIANIST. Assisted by •
a GR/*ND ORCHESTRA!
Conductors-LACHAUME and_ MARTEAU.
Pr j ces oOc, Toe. $1 and $1 oO
Seats "on" Sale at the San Francisco Music
Store". 225 Butter street, and at the Box Office
To-morrow. ' : -"''■'•
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
GIGANTIC STAKE !
DOGS CLOSELY MATCHED.
Hares Strong:.
Saturday IP. M. " Sunday II A. M.
000 006 o o 00 000000
•w PALACE " P
° GRAND " OT^%
yf SAN FRANCISCO. q
° ; Connected by a covered passageway. ..
O 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached.' *».
O ALL Under One Management. O
O . .- NOTE THE PRICES: Q
O European Plan. »l.OO per day and upward -r*
American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward v
Q ■ ■■- --• - Correspondence Solicited. , . ~O '
0 JOHN C. KIR&PATHICK. Manager. .: 0 j
000 OO OOP O 6 00000 OOP
PennyroYal pills
EWHYROYAL PJIU
H •s-41S~\*"-~'' Orlc*n«l anil Only Genuine. A ~
4. <( 45^^ DnnU tbT'CMeHuttri SnpUth :>t*-Mtk&
£ 4a3'<3o& m '"" i Cranii In He* **>& <■• id r.ietail!e\\gp
tv—^3g«i*« le ". sr»l»J with blue ribbon. Take VSr -
■M *^ BWfno others Refute daagenwulititu- V
. 1 7 Zs^Z 5^ ft? tiont and imKutiom. A t Droggiilf.or MenHm.'
I ■'■ VJ In nunp* tor particulars, tcKtlmoolal'. ' and "
■'■■ I •*> . & "Heller for Ladioa." tettrr. br return
'* ■ - XT Mull. 10,000 TVMimonials. tlmmr .',-ipcr.
'. ~^>«»— > Cht'chr»tcrChcalc«lCo.,MndUo»
: #klkr all Local DrmriUu. -. ; PJI I I. M A.. l'A> . '
1 fig ] H iaj 1 U fcJnffljH % l lljl B 8 in fcj
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
Sims & Buchanan's Great Irish Racing Drama.
THE
ENGLISH
PICTURESQUE IRISH SCENERY.
JAUNTING CAR.
CELTIC WIT AND COMEDY.
RUINS OF EALLY-VEENEY.
Evening prices— loc, 25c. Hte. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday.
MAT. TO-DAY. SATURDAY. MARCH 19.
Parquet, any seat, £sc; Balcony, 10c; Children, ,
10c, any part.
Will H. Pox, comedian-pianist ; Burke &- For-
rest, comedy sketch artists; Athas & Collins,
Australia's favorites; Mr. and Mrs. Torn Mc-
Intosh, ebony fun; Jose Quintet, greatest vocal-
ists: Josephine Sabel, vivacious chanteuse.
Ru.lin.'ff, fantastic delineator: last night of the
Human Music Sheet: also of Webb & Hassan,
hand acrobats; Smith SS Cook, dancing come-
dians. ■
RACING! RACING! RACING:
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting, ISO7-SS, Beginning MONDAY,
March 7, to March VJ. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY.
THUESDA7, FRIDAY AND SATORDAY. !
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES BTAF.T AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m.
and 12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m.,
connecting with train stripping at the entrance !
to track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell
Mound. Returning— Trains leave the track at ■
4:13 and 44. r > p. m., and immediately after the
last race. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Prea.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary. '
ni VMPI4 • Corner of Mrson anj
America's most beautiful music hall. Great-
est free bill in the world. ADAM SISTERS,
balladlsts; MONTAI*AIS, soubiette; LESLIE,
vocalist; MARION, danseuse; MI.'LLIN &
WARD, novelty boxing; ARN'ELDO and ten
others. House heated. Admission free.
Carrie. You wouldn't think I would give Ripans Tabules to a child
like Charlie, would you?
Elsie. No', indeed. He could not swallow one, and it would be too
powerful.
Carrie. They are all right for him. Of course, he don't need one
very often, and I used to give him a quarter of a one,
afterwards half, but now he takes a whole one and they
seem to be just what he needs — once in a while, you
. know — not often.
Elsie. And he swallows it without any fuss ?
Carrie. Yes. He don't mind it at all — but I can't swallow one,
though. I'm the only member of this family that don't
take Ripans Tabules.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mks. Eknfstixe Kkki.ivg. Proprietor & Manager
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME
Of the Erilliar>t Japanese Musical Comedy,
"THE GEISHA!"
The Prettiest Production of the 'Year..
TO-MORROW EVENING, .
The Most Laughable of Musical Comedies,
"THE WIDOW O'BRIEN,"
./-: SONG DANCE— —HUMOR.
POPULAR PRICKS 25 AND 5o CENTS.
On account of unsatisfactory telephone serv-
ice no orders for seats will be received here-
after. . : ,- - . ■ , ■■ .
f^ SIX FREE LECTURES
«\ On Spirit, Socl Phr:nology and Health,
*? at METROPOLITAN TEMPLE oa
J? Fifth st., near Market, by .
MRS. 0. S. FOWLER,
Widow of the !*ft> Prof. 0. S. Fowler, the Cele-
b rated Phrenologist of New York.
Saturday, - March 19, •8- p. m.— "Electricity:
Its Application to Disease." .
Classes taught the application of electricity
to cure disease, beginning March 22. ■ Phre-
nological examinations daily from 9 a. m. till
9 p. m. un'.il March 31, at the California Hotel,
on Bush St., near Kearny.'; '; ; .
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
THIS AFTERNOON, AT 2:30.
LAST
"VIOLiIISr RECITAL.
MARTEAU!
. Accompanied by
LAGHAUME.
FIA-KTIST. yi '/ :--'■
AN ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME .
Reserved Seats, $1 ."". Nt i the San Francisco
Music Store, - 225 Butter street.
TAKE THE CHILDREN TO-DAY TO THE
GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH:
. . ..ZOO. ...
JN THE CHUTES.
FINEST WILD ANIMALS IN CAPTIVITY!
See Captain Cardono's' Group of Trained Lions
—The Most Thrilling Animal Act Extant!
Feeding of the | Carnivora at 6 and 10:30 p. m.
Open Daily from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m.
. 10c to All, Including Zoo. etc.; Children, Be.
CHIQUITA Receives Every Afternoon and
' Evening. \
78
INDICTED
FOR GRAND
LARCENY
Schwartz, Who Made
Bogus Diamonds,
to Come Back.
The Grand Jury Returns
a True Count Against
Him.
Governor Rogers of Seattle De
termined to Prevent His
Extradition.
IMPOSED UPON JEWELERS
The Necessary Paper 3to Be For
warded to Sacramento
Tor Day.
Joseph Schwartz, the diamond king,
was indicted by the Grand Jury yester
day for robbing Wolfsohn & Livingston,
jewelers, of $250. Schwartz was arrested
In Seattle a short time ago, but through
the influence of Governor Rogers he man
aged to escape the consequences of his
crime.
Schwartz has a record in the East of
being one of the shrewdest confidence
operators. He arrived here several
months ago, and by representing himself
as a silent partner In several books at
the race tracks managed to form the ac
quaintance of a number of prominent
horsemen.
In order to successfully work his
scheme he went among the pawnbrokers
and endeavored to make himself a "good
fellow."' About a week later he visited
several of his friends who are engaged in
the pawnbroking business, and claimed
that he had lost all of his money playing
the races. He exhibited a number of dia
monds which he claimed he was anxious
to sell in order that he might realize suf
ficient money to return to his home in
the East. The pawnbrobers, thinking the
stones were genuine, advanced him con
siderable money. His scheme was to go
to some pawnbroker and by representing
that he had received the diamonds from
some friend who was engaged in the jew
elry business, and who was anxious to
dispose of the gems at a ridiculously low
figure, ask him to advance him sufficient
money to tide him over his present diffi
culties.
Through some process which is un
known to the police Schwartz would take
a piece of glass and make it appear like
a choice diamond. He had several jew
elry men, who as appraisers assisted him
in carrying out his scheme. If the party
to whom he wanted to sell his bogus
gems became suspicious he would refer
him to some jeweler who was in his em
ploy. The latter, in order to assist
Schwartz, would tell the prospective
buyer that the stones were genuine. Dur
ing his brief stay in the city Schwartz, it
is said, managed to get away with about
$12,000.
After the police were notified of his
questionable tactics they started to ar
rest him, but as he evidently became sus
picious he skipped out, going to Seattle.
He was arrested there upon a dispatch
from Chief Lees, and held pending the
arrival of an officer from this city. De
tective Wren was sent after him, but as
Schwartz apparently was upon intimate
terms with the Governor of Washington
the latter refused to surrender him to the
San Francisco officer. Wren returned
here yesterday and the matter was at
once called to the attention of the Grand
Jury. After hearing his statement that
body immediately decided to Indict
Schwartz.
To-day the papers will be forwarded to
Governor Budd, and after they are signed
Wren will again go to Seattle to make
another attempt to bring Schwartz back.
NO TRACE OF IRENE LYNCH.
The Missing Girl Was Not a Passen-
ger on the City of Puebla.
Xo trace has yet been found of the
missing Irene Lynch, the young musical
prodigy who disappeared on the after
noon of March 9. It was said that she
had taken passage on the steamer City
of Puebla that left the city about a weejc
ago for Puget Sound ports, but the
father of the missing girl met the vessel
at Victoria on its arrival there, racing
with it by train from here, but his
daughter had not been on the vessel.
The father is beginning to think that his
daughter has met with foul play, as no
trace can be found of her after she left
her home at 524 Geary street with the
intention of going to the store of Kohler
& Chase on the afternoon of the day she
disappeared. Irene Lynch is 14 years
old, but she Is well developed for her
age and would pass for 16. She is 5 feet
4 inches in height and has dark hair and
hazel eyes. She wore a purple dress,
pink silk waist, light jacket and black
t-traw sailor hat with a plain band. She
had a scar on the left side of the face,
extending from the corner of the mouth
to below the point of the chin. The scar
■was occasioned by a fall when she was
a child. She wears her hair combed
back from her forehead.
THE MASONIC FESTIVAL.
Its General Committee Hold an Im-
portant Meeting in Solo
mon's Hall.
The general committee of the Masonic
Festival met in Solomon's Hall last even-
Ing with Charles L. Pntton in the. chair.
There was a large attendance and much
enthusiasm was manifested. The work
necessary to the success of the festival
5s rapidly progressing and will soon be in
shape. The hall and decoration commit
tee reported that the Mechanics' Pavilion
had been officially secured for the festi
val. The press committee reported that
season tickets would be sold for $1, good
for both afternoon and evening. There
will be 10,000 of these tickets. The gen
eral price of admission will be 25 cents.
The donation and subscription commit
tee reported that it had completed or
ganization. The military committee re
ported that the California, Golden Gate,
Sacramento, Oakland and San Jose drill
corps would meet in competitive drill.
The booth committee will meet next Tues
day in the hail at 3 o'clock. The general
tenor of the meeting showed that every
one was working hard, and it is expected
that the festival will be the greatest suc
cess that the Masons have ever given in
this city.
Should Consumptives Marry?
This query is the keynote of a strong
editorial in this week's Town Talk, and
also that of the storiette from real life,
entitled "An Experiment That Failed."
Miss Bertha Herzog has a romantic tale
of two rival suitors for a fair San Fran
ciscan's hand. The Saunterer tells why
James Alva Watt no longer admires a
National Guard officer's uniform, and re- '
counts the latest gossip in the society und '.
political swim. A fine critique upon the I
last symphony and Marteau; also of
minor events in the musical world, with j
able reviews of the theatrical events and j
the newest book, talk are features of the I
number. *
Her Foot Crushed.
While passing through Tehama street
yesterday afternoon W. Little, employed
by the Pacific Box Factory, drove over
Loreta Geary's foot. The little girl was
playing In the street when the accident
occurred. The mother of the child refused
to send it to the hospital or have the
driver arrested-
THIS POPPY IS A FREAK.
A wild California poppy was found 3-esterday at Ocean View, which, like
Josh Billings' mule, must have been the product of an experiment by Dame
Nature. Like the patient animal named, it is not similar to anything of the
kind over seen before. This floral freak of the escscholtzia family was found
by Mrs. G. P. Thomas, whose garden is near the county line dividing San Ma
teo from this county. Its peculiarities con sist in the fact that there are over fif
teen distinct poppy flowers on one stem. But such a stem as it is! An ordi
nary poppy stem is not much larger than the lead of a common pencil, but
this stem is fully two inches broad and is hollow like the sprout of an onion.
It is large from me root to the flowers and seems capable of supporting a sun
flower.
In speaking of her curiosity Mrs. Thomas said: "I was out picking violets
in my garden and passed near where there was some ground where no attempt
had been made to cultivate, when I found this peculiar flower. There were a
dozen or more wild poppies there, but none of them was like this. In fact,
this cluster of flowers was on a plant on which there were a number of the
single variety, as you see, for I picked two or three in order that the sizes
may be compared. When I picked the plant I found the cap that covers the
young buds, but this was as large as half a dozen ordinary caps. I took this
flower to several florists, but they could only account for it as a freak of nature.
They made a. careful count ar.d found that there are at least fifteen distinct flow
ers on the stem."
GETTING TRADE
BY TRICKY WAYS
Victoria Agents Are Working
Hard in Australian
Cities.
Secretary Filcher of the Local Botrd
Refutes Several False
Statements.
The headquarters of the State Board of
! Trade's Alaska Bureau of Information ]
| continues to attract attention. Prospec- j
i tive Klondikers are dropping in from all
points, and those in charge nre kept busy ;
supplying information to the inquirers. \
' Among the visitors Yesterday waa W. 8.
: McOrew of Pueblo, Colo. Mr. McGrew is
j a prominent citizen at home, and is here
! as the advance guard of a party of about
thirty from Pueblo who will start soon
by way of San Francisco for a point al- )
ready determined on near the headwaters I
of Copper River. Arrangements are be- i
' ing made by Manager J. A. Filcher to i
1 advertise the bureau in such sections of i
I the East, South and Southwest as he
' believes will prove the most fertile Held.
He says San Francisco lias advantages ;
; which, if properly set forth, will Insure
i a fair share of the Alaska travel coming
1 this way. The inquiries ai the bureau ;
I cover a very large scope, running all the
i way from the cost of a dog to the price ■
!of a steamboat. Most Inquiries, how- i
! ever, pertain to the question of outlining, ;
! the dates of sailing from this port, char
acter of boats in tne service and the price
i of passage and freight.
Recent information from Australia is
! to the effect that agents from British
Columbia are working hard in the An
■ tipodis endeavoring to draw the travel
i from that part of the world to the Kion
dike by the way of Victoria. All kinds ;
i of arguments are used to effect the de- |
'< sired end, and some of these are anything
! but truthful. In answer to some of the
I arguments thus made Mr. £ ilener yes- j
' urday sent the following to H. A. Gallo- j
| way of Sydney, N. S. W.:
! • • • I cannot but be amused at the nerve
i of Victoria's representatives in proclaiming bo
loudly that outfitters for the Klondike avoid
the tarifi by buying their supplied at the Brit
ish port. In the first place only a small pro-
I portion of those going to Alaska are destined
i tor Dawson or the British Territory, but even I
those are not benefited by buying at the city of
Victoria, for the reason that Victoria secures
h»r outfitting supplies almost exclusively from
the United States, and largely from San Fran
cisco Dealers consequently pay the tariff,
and of course, charge it back to the outfitter,
so that in the end American goods reaching
the British Territory have to ray the duty, and
the party who takes them in pays it whether
he buys from a British or an American port.
Thc-f" if nothing at all in this proposition.
j Fu-the- than this. San Francisco is much
the larger city and in a natural base of such
i supplies' The merchants here are accustomed
! to dealing in miners' outfits, and they know
! what tho miners want. This has been their
i business ever since the foundation of this city.
The large number of dealers here induce com
■ petition and better goods, and this competi
' tlon insures the outfitter the lowest price and
i the best results. Instances are not wanting
where people from the East after arriving at a
1 Northern port have gone to the extra expense
I or coming here for their supplies and they have
i found it profitable to do so. The merchant of
! Victoria knows when h? gets an outfitter that
i it is his last chance north, and that he is not
likely to turn back, and taking advantage of
! the fact that he has his customer in a corner
! he makes him pay for his cupidity.
As proof that this city supplies the \ iotnrla
merchants who. as heretofore stated, must pay
duty on the goods they receive, which 1b nec
easarily charged back to the customers, I cite
you to the fact that vessels nre leaving here
every few days loaded for the Victoria mar
! ket. • • •
We know that trie honest Australian Is lla
i ble to be influenced by Victoria's representa
'• tlvc-s, who are on the ground, and yet we feel
! it is a 'iuty we owe to them as well as to
, ourselves to impress them firmly and em
; pbatlcally that of all the supply points on the
Pacific Toast of America fop obtaining out
fits for Alanka or any other country, Kan Fran-
CIKO Is the great commercial mart and the
great center of trade of the West Coast of
the United States. Very truly yours
J. A.. I* IL*C 1 1 Kit..
An Essay Contest.
The rally and essay contest of St. Fran
cis branch of the League of the Cross will
be held on Tuesday evenrng. March 22, in
Washington Square Hall, corner of Stock
ton and Union streets. Company M. L. C.
C undof the command of Captain F. H.
Johnston, will attend in full uniform.
There will be three essayists to compete
in the contest, which will be judged by
Miss K. F. Casey, principal of Lafayette
School; Miss Emma Barber of Irving
School and Brother Virgil of Sacred
Heart CollefcO.
Kindergarten Afternoon Tea.
The managers of the Nathaniel Gray
Free Kindergarten will give an afternoon
tea at the residence of Mrs. F. L. Whit
ney, 2030 Laguna street, on Saturday,
March 26, from 3 to G o'clock. It is earn
estly hoped that the friends of the little
ones will respond literally.
THE SA3T FEAXCTSCO CALL, SATURDAT, MAHCH 19, IS9S.
TO HOLD THEIR
FIRST CONVENTION
The Catholic Truth Society to
Meet on Monday and
Tuesday.
A Programme Full of Interest Has
Been Prepared for the Oc
casion.
The Catholic Truth Society will hold its
first convention on next Monday and
Tuesday evenings in Metropolitan Hall.
It is the intention of the Truth Society
to organize grand annual conventions
modeled after those held by the Catholic
Truth Society of England. At the in
augural meeting on next Monday a series
ol interesting papers will be read and dis
cussed. In future years the programme
will be much more elaborate and the pro
ceedings will last for several days.
His Grace the Moat Rev. Archbishop
will open the convention on Monday even
ing with an introductory address. The
first paper on "The Necessity of Catholic
Reading," will be read by Mr. John J.
Barrett. The subject will be discussed in
a brief address by Rev. Philip O'Ryan.
A paper on "The Apostolic- Spirit of the
I,aity" will be read by Hey. J. M. Gleason
of St. Roses Church. Mr. J. F. Smith
will follow in a brief address on the sub
ject.
Mr. Frank J. Kierce will preside on
Tuesday evening and deliver an address.
The first paper on "How to Use Tracts"
will be read by Rev. C. J. Powers, C. S.
P. Mr. J. J. Lermen will speak briefly on
the subject. Hon. E. W. McKinstry will
treat of the "Mental Attitude of Non-
Catholics Toward the Church" in a paper.
Rev. C. A. Ramm will discuss the ques
tion in an address. The programme
mapped out by the committee will be full
of interest.
KNIGHTS OF THE DIAMOND.
Final Preparations Are Made for the
Opening of the Baseball Season.
The final meeting of the California
Baseball League, previous to the opening
of the season at Recreation Park next
Saturday, was held in the parlors of the
Baldwin Hotel last night. Representa
tives from the clubs at Oakland. Sacra
mento, Stockton, Fresno, San Jose and
San Francisco were present.
The date fixed for playing the opening
game of the league was March 26, and the
season is to close November 6.
The president and board of managers
of the different clubs were given the
power to adopt a full schedule at their
meeting to be held at the Baldwin Hotel
to-day. A resolution was passed author
izing the management to offer to play the
team winning the pennant of the Califor
nia League against any winning league
team of any State west of the Rocky
Mountains a series of five games for the
sum of $500 and the gate receipts.
The names and addresses of the officers
of the different clubs have been forward
ed to Secretary Young of the Beard of
Arbitration at Washington, D. C.
Previous to the opening of the game
next Saturday a concert will be given,
lasting from 1 until 3 o'clock. There will
also be a parade of the different clubs in
carriages, headed by a band.
Supposed to Be Demented.
Eugene Cressinger of San Diego ar
rived in tnis city last night and stopped
at the Royal House on Ellis street. A
short time after his arrival there he be
gan to act in a peculiar manner, and
finally started in to clean out the house
by drawing a eun on the clerk. Officers
Snowball and Wilson were called in and |
placed the man un.er arrest. He was i
taken to the Hospital and
lodged in a padded cell. It is supposed
that he is demented.
Lawless in the Net.
Robert Lawless, the ex-jockey who has
swindled a large number of people recent
ly, was yesterday held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Conlan on
the felony charge of forging a tele
graphic message. His bonds were fixed
at $2000. Some time ago Lawless was
tried in Judge Campbell's court for ob
taining money from Ned Greenwav by
false pretenses, but he was acquitted
Detective T. B. Gibson was finally able
to get a strong case against him.
Results of Alcoholism.
An interesting and instructive lecture
on "Alcoholism" was delivered by Dr. C.
N. Ellinwood at Cooper Medical College
last night. This was the second of a
series of lectures on the same subject,
to which the most eminent men of the
medical profession have of late been
giving special attention.
OREGON IS
ORDERED
TO SAIL
Battleship Directed to
Proceed at Once
to Callao.
Activity Displayed by All
Hands in Getting
Ready.
Torpedoes Stored at Goat Island
May Be Used for Harbor
Defense.
ENGINEER CORPS RETICENT
Citizens Are Not Allowed to Visit the
Station Nor to Land on
the Island.
Yesterday Captain Charles E. Clark,
commanding the battle-ship Oregon,
received orders from Washington to
sail for Cailao. The hour named in
the order for sailing-was 10 o'clock last
■evening, but late last night the officers
did not expect to steam out of the har
bor before 7 o'clock this morning. The
Oregon is deep In the water, having on
board 1600 tons of coal, 400 tons of am
munition and a full line of stores for
a long cruise. The ship will probably
make the run to Cailao within sixteen
or seventeen days.
Despite the hurry and bustle inci
dent on preparing for sea, there was
time for merriment on board the bat
tle-ship Oregon yesterday. Every of
ficer off duty, every man on the sick
list, every idler generally was laugh
ing over a newspaper, and the cause
for laughter was the large pictures of
the Oregon's decks which were pub
lished yesterday. Every epithet of
scorn which the exhaustive naval vo
cabulary contains was heaped upon
the head of the artist who perpetrated
this stupendous blunder. Full of zeal,
but knowing nothing of nautical af
fairs, the photographer had climbed to
the fighting top, half way up the great
military mast of the ship. From there
he took two pictures, one of each end
of the ship. Inrortunately, having
taken the pictures, he was unable to
tell which end was which. So the yel
low faker came out with a great pic
ture of the forward deck, and labeled
it grandiloquently '•Below all grace
fully sweeps the quarter-deck, the
captain's domain. " In the same way
the quarter-deck, with its clean, well
holystoned plunks and orderly ar
rangement, was mistaken for the
store encumber. d forecastle.
ivlany of the crew, however, were too
busy to laugh, it was a day of final
preparation for sea. "We are all
ready now to go anywhere," remarked
lan officer. "As Boon as the telegram
1 with our orders comes we can sail."
Early in the forenoon the tug L'na
! dilla came alongside, bringing a num
ber of sailors and marines, who were
! added to the crew. The ship's com
plement, numbering over 400 men, is
now complete.
The most important operation of the
; day was the exchange of the old Lee
I ritles, with which the crew has hither
to been armed, for a new and greatly
< improved magazine gun. The old
I weapons, I|ith the ammunition belong
: ing to them, were passed on board the
j Unadilla by a long string of men and
j the new ritles stowed away in their
racks on the battle-ship.
This new rifle, constructed on the
; magazine principle, embodies all the
'■ most recent scientific improvements in
small arms. It is a good deal lighter
: than the old weapon, and the bore is
extremely small, only about the size
i of a pea. The breech is chambered
jto receive a large charge of powder,
; and thus an enormous muzzle velocity
;is obtained. The gun is sighted for
, 2000 yards, and the trajectory is so
i low that th« bullet would hit a man
in the line of fire during the whole of
that distance. Up to 800 yards the
range is point blank, that is to say, the
! sights do not require elevating at all.
j It is a terrible weapon, from which it
! is futile to run away, neither is it any
j use to hide behind a tree, for the bul
; let will easily penetrate three feet of
! timber. The magazine holds five
charges, which are inserted at once by
j means of a metal clip. The marks
man has only to pull the trigger and
aim, the gun does the rest, and thus
great rapidity of fire can he obtained.
On the upper deck a whole host of
men were busy cleaning the rapid-fir
ing and machine guns, others were
polishing Che brass rails of the super-
I structure, while sailors with paint pots
were wiping out all traces of the coal
i dust which so recently enshrouded the
! ship. "This is war paint," observed
| one humorous tar, as he carefully whit
j ened the base of a turret.
The officers of the engineer corps ot
the United States army who are on
duty in this division are reticent con
cerning operations at the torpedo sta
tion on Goat Island. The Government
j has a vast quantity of torpedo material
■ housed at this station, but the precincts
are so carefully guarded against the in
! trusion of non-combatants that definite
| information regarding war preparations
is difficult to obtain.
It is the established policy to main,
tain as much secrecy as possible con
cerning the number, character and lo
cation of torpedoes. The engineer
officers serving at this station strictly
conform to the custom. Colonel Charles
R. Suter, chief of the Pacific Division,
and Major Charles E. I* B. Davis firm
ly but courteously decline to impart
any intelligence concerning prepara
tions to plant torpedoes for the defense
of this harbor. Application for per
mission to visit Goat Island is denied.
| Major Davis remarked yesterday that
i no one was allowed to land on the is
land without the consent of the mill
tr-ry authorities having charge of this
particular reservation. It was ex
plained that the Government had to ex
ercise the utmost care to keep the
preparations secret. The first order
forbidding civilians to land was issued
because some careless picnickers start
ed a fire which caused some damage to
Government property. Since then the
authorities instead of relaxing in the
regulations have adopted additional
rules against outside intrusion.
The station at Goat Island contains
several kinds of torpedoes, among them
the Semmrs, the automobiie and the or
dinary fish torpedo. If great emer
gency for immediate preparation should
arise, the engineers mieht be able with
in ten days to place effective torpedoes
in position for instant use against an
j enemy's ship. The channel between
i Fort Point and Lime Point is so narrow
that torpedoes could be readily launch
ed and controlled from the shore.
Captain w. E. Dougherty, First In
THE NEW BOSS TAKES CHARGE OF THE WHITE HOUSE.
The new boss has taken charge of the White House at "Washington, and
without opposition. She arrived there last Thursday with her mother, Mrs.
George E. Morse, a niece of President McKinley, and although she is but 3
years and 2 months old little Marjorie McKinley Morse took charge of affairs
at once. Marjorie wnl stay with her mother at the Presidential mansion for the
greater part of the summer, and will see that her great uncle will do just what
she says he must do, for she is the only grandniece he has, even if he is the
President of a great nation. Her mother is the daughter of the President's
brother, David A. McKinley, formerly United States Consul at Hawaii, now de
ceased. ' Baby Morse was born in this city and her father is clerk of the United
States District Court. •
fantry, U. S. A., agent of the Hoopa
Valley Indians, arrived from the
agency yesterday. He came overland,
via Weaverville and Reddinsr. and en
countered some cold weather in the
high mountains. He was four days
in making the trip. The Indians at the
agency are doing well and adding to
their store of c mfort in worldly goods.
It was recently found that one Indian
had violated the law by bringing
whisky to the reservation, and Captain
Dougherty determined that the offender
should be brougl.t to trial, hence the
matter was placed before the United
States Court.
Captain George Sage, Fifth Artillery,
on duty as military instructor at the
Mount "Tamilpuis Academy is at the
Presidio taking his examination for
promotion. _ "
First Lieutenants Francis E. Lacy
Jr. and Hiram McL. Powell, First. In
fantry, with the detachment of enlisted
men under their charge, are relieved
from duty in connection with the pro
gressive military map of this region, re
cently ordered by the Secretary of
War, and will -roceed to the Presidio.
The Spanish military authorities may
have excellent maps of Cuba, but it is
extremely doubtful if they are better
supplied in this respect than the army
authorities of the United States. Com
plete maps of the island on a scale of
two miles to the inch are in possession
of this Government. The map shows
every little indentation of the shore
line as well as every mountain spur
and' valley. Men who are in a position
to know whereof they speak assort
that the agents of the United States
have been quite active for many years
in acquiring definite information con
cerning the military resources of other
countries. When accurate maps in de
tail of Cuba were needed it was found
that the Information Bureau had the
la The' map hanging: on the wall at de
partment headquarters is one thing and
the map of the island in detail on a
scale of two miles to the inch is quite
another exhibit. It is not displayed for
DUblic inspect!* -\ but every department
commander of the United States army
received a copy. The reports from
the military attaches of the United
States legations are not made Public
but are secretly filed in the office of
the Information Bureau. The Govern
ment at Washington la correctly in
formed in detail as to the weak places
relative to Spain is elaborate and
minute. ..
QUIET IN THE
LABOR COUNCIL
Delegate Robbina Denies That
He Ever Threatened
War.
Printers Are Preparing for Trouble
in Locai Book and Job Offices
Over Nine Hours.
At the meeting of the San Fnmsis o Ü
bor Council last night Delegate Rohbms
of the Typographical Union made a com
plete denial of the allegations that he was
attempting to overthrow certa.n parties
in the council. Last week he was cred
ited with having made sensational state
ments regarding cliques and fetftoaa
which had been ruling too long, but last
night he joined hands with the whole
band, claimed that he was a much mis
used and outrageously misquoted man.
After he had made these statements the
council went into executive session and
if there were any hard feelings existing
they were certainly patched up at this
time, as when the doors were again
opened everything was quiet and peace
ful as the settling down of a San *ran
cisco fog, and the delegates vied with one
another in expressions of good will ana
everlasting friendship.
There seems to be a little trouble ahead
for the members of the Typographical
Union. It is the intention of this union
to put the nine-hour workday schedule
for book and job offices into effect on
April 4. When the union first announced
its intention of doing this a canvass was
made, and there was but little or no op
position. The proprietors have held sev
eral meetings since that time, however,
and the road is not so smooth as it at
first appeared to be. Several joint confer
ences have been held by committees from
the union and the proprietors, but no defi
nite settlement has as yet been made.
Many of the larger offices have consented
to the new schedule, and the union is in
hope that there will be no trouble, al
though in some cases it seems almost in
evitable. The Labor Council last night
passed resolutions assuring the printers
that they have the sympahty and moral
support of the central body and all afflil
iated unions.
The Oakland union Is seriosuly consider
ing the proposition of joining in with the
local body, and making a demand for a
shorter work day at the same time. To
day a new paper, issued by the Berkeley
strikers, will make its debut, and the
union men on both sides of the bay are
enthusiastic in wishing it success.
A meeting of the bookbinders was held
last evening, and after a short confer
ence with a delegation present from the
Typographical and Printing Pressmen's
Unions the bookbinders decided to take
no part in the coming struggle. Tho book
binders are very weal*, and as they could
do but little if anything to strengthen
the cause they decided to withdraw for
the present.
Death 01 Frederick Conrad.
The sad news of the death of Frederick
Conrad in ' Sonora ; reached this city \ last
evening. Mr. Conrad was the husband of
Mrs. Belle Conrad, grand president of the
Native Daughters of the , Golden West,
who was visiting: ' the . parlors -of i- Nevada
i County when summoned ■ to ' the ; bedside
of her ( dying ■. husband. Mr. Conrad was
held in high esteem by the people of Tuo-
Uwaie. 3 cd his d cat 1] is greatly to be re
- 7??~ ♦
PERGRIM DIES
OF HIS WOUND
The Victim of Charles
Dunn Passes Away
in the Hospital.
Surrounded by His Wife and
Friends He Breathes
His Last.
,
Pathetic Letter Sent to His Mother
Who Is Residing in
England.
David Pergrim, who was shot by
Charles Dunn about a week ago, died in
the Receiving Hospital last night.
Pergrim and Dunn engaged in a wordy
altercation, with the result that the for
mer attempteu to strike his adversary
with a beer glass. Dunn immediately
drew his revolver and fired at Pergrim.
The bullet struck him in the center of the
forehead and lodged at the base of the
brain. After the shooting Dunn went to
Stockton, where he was arrested by Sher
iff Cunningham and his deputies.
The surgeons at the hospital, after ex
amining Pergrim's wound, gave it as
their opinion that he would not live many
hours. Although brought in in an ap
parently dying condition, his wonderful
vitality kept him alive until last night
when he breathed his last. As he passed
away he was surrounded by his wife and
several friends. Mrs. Pergrim became
hysterical when she realized that her hus
band could not survive the wound, and it
was with difficulty that she could be re
strained. Before his death came, at the
advice of a friend, she indited the fol
lowing letter to her husband's parents
who live in England:
Dear Mother: Dave is slowly dying: the doc
tors aay that he can't live much longer. He
was shot in a cowardly manner by a man
named Dunn during: a trivial quarrel. I have
not a cent, and unless you send some money
to me poor Dave will find his last resting
place in a paupers grave. As much as I dis
like tn see the body of my dear husband fill
an unmarked grave, I am helpless to do other
wise, as I am penniless. For tne sake of your
dear hoy and my fond husband I hope "that
you will at least see that he rets a decent
burial Yours respectfully.
MRS. DAVID PERGRIM.
Before leaving the hospital Mrs. Per
grim tearfully thanked Dr. James Tor
mey and the other members of the hos
pital staff for their kind efforts in trying
to save the life of her husband. |
Immediately after Pergrim passed away j
Dunn was charged with murder. He did i
not seem affected in the least by the in- j
formation. He claimed that he would !
prove by a half dozen witnesses that he |
was justified in killing his unfortunate i
victim.
The Calvarian Society.
The fourth of the series of Sunday aft
ernoon Calvarian Society devotions will
be held to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
at St. Mary's Cathedral. Very Rev. J. J.
Prendergast, V. G.. will deliver the dis
course, his subject being "Duty or Inter
est." "If thou release this man thou art
not Caesar's friend." (St. John xix: 12.)
There will also be the "Way of the Cross "
and benediction. The music will be as fol
lows: "Stabat Mater" and "Veni Crea
tor" (in English^, by the congregation;
"O Jesu Deus Magne" (arranged), male
quartet: "Aye Verum" (Donizetti), trio;
"Parce Domine" (arranged), bass solo and
chorus; "Tantum Ergo" (Geibel). chorus a
capella: "Laudate Dominum" (arranged),
chorus a capella. Catholic people gener
ally attend these services.
Death of W. H. Gore.
"W. H. Gore, the Sacramento man who
fell in a fit on Folsom street wharf on
the 12th of this month, died in the City
and County Hospital from a clot of blood
on the brain yesterday. An inquest will
be held.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
i THE DAILY CURE. I
« .; : , •■■..- . ■; ■— , ■-• ■ ■ .#
5 vv — * Yesterday Brought Another Happy »
« fJKj Patient to Dr. Sanden With g
«. : W>^-Klr\ a Grateful Letter.
« VJ /* (^^^v X •- it is so good to feel the old-time „
# r'yJ&J \ X spirit, to know that, whatever you have ~
« _} -~>j iiiO^ —^'■^"A. \ done to wrong yourself in the past, «
2 S^^'W&T-y^ V* \ you have found a remedy that will rub &
I « / -^""w iti* *'"' ■')>' it out the evil effects of your- mistakes #
1 a ' / ?>• ■■ M il&^ /^£^^i^ iP —one that will make the blood. glow in „
jiv \ ' '0r n W*~*B&sr r . your veins, that will charge your nerves ** '
i rt 5- •' t -*- - ,IW ■ with youthful energy. Dr. Sanden's E!ec- «
« •■*:; .':-mWy trie Belt has a great name for this. ££
$ ."■■.. v war It Cures Ten — Every Day. «
O /v «* It Cures Ten Men Every Day.
8 ' Oakland. Ca!., March 17. IS9S. ]£
Itt DR SANDEX-Dear Sir: I have used your Electric Belt for loss or strength and «
w pains in my back for one month and it has cured me. It is a boon to weak men. I ap- #
O prelate It because I had spent over $100 doctoring without benefit, and I was so bad
n that I didn't care whether I lived or not. Your Belt ought to be used by every man In «
£* that condition I will always recommend It. Respectfully yours. - n
that condition, i win a.x aj g. «^ SPARLIINi 463 Twentieth street, Oakland, Cal. «
W •'..-.. . ■ . .■ - - -: ' . ■ . ■- -..: .- ■ ' ■ '■■ -.-:■■■ .. -. , w
0 This is one out of ten. For every public testimonial given to Dr. w
« Sanden there are nine others who will . not permit their names to be &
used. But.they. are .walking advertisements of . the great value of Dr. . <-%
$ . Sanden's . Electric Belt. Are you failing? Try it. Read Dr. San- ; 2'
8 den's book about it, free. Address ' -**
° <3AISIDFN FT FCTRTf! CO 632 Market St., Opposite 2.
g ):DAJHU&n&Li^LKI\s tU., Palace Hotel. San Francisco. 2>
i^ - 'Of flee hours, Ba. m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los- Angeles. Cal., £
.£* 204% South Broadway: Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver. Colo.. 331 Sixteenth *>
« btreet: Dallas, Tex!.. 285 Main street. . ■ v : . . : , JT?
w - , -NOTE— Make no mistake In ■th number— Market street. ' q
BLAMES HIS
MOTHER-IN-LAW.
John Skinner, Aged 33,
Attempts to Commit
Suicide.
Swallows a Dose of Morphine
in the Presence of His
Wife.
Says His Domestic Troubles Led to
the Committing of the
Rash Act.
Despondent over his wife's refusal to
longer live with him, John Skinner,
aged 35, attempted to commit suicide
last night by swallowing the contents
o-f a two-ounce vial of morphine. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where Dr. Tormey, with the aid of a
stomach pump, relieved him of the poi
son.
Several weks ago Skinner had trouble
with his mother-in-law, with the result
that she influenced her daughter not to
longer live with her husband. Accord
ing to his statement, his wife, after lis- •
tening to the story of her mother, re
fused to speak to him. As they hay«
two children, he begged her for tha
sake of their offspring to reconsider
her determination. She ordered him
away, so he claims, and, despite his en-
treaties, she continued to ignore him.
After brooding over the matter and re
alizing the futility of further speaking
to his wife upon the subject, he deter
mined to kill himself. Yesterday aft
ernocm he purchased the poison, and,
going to his wife's home, 1724 O'Farrell
street, begged her to take him in. She
replied that she had no further use for
him, and ordered him away. With
tears streaming down his cheeks, he
took out the bottle of poison, and aftef
bidding her good-by swallowed the con
tents. «
As he started to walk away he turned
to her and said. "Don't let them take
me to the Morgue, because they will
cut me up. Take care of our children.
May, and may God forgive you."
After uttering the words he fell upon
the sidewa]k, and his wife, becoming"
alarmed, summoned a friend, who tele
phoned to the O'Farrell-street Station.
The patrol wagon was at once sent to
the scene and the unfortunate man re
moved to the Receiving Hospital. After
considerable difficulty Dr. Tormey suc
ceeded in relieving him of the poison.
Skinner said last night that his
mother-in-law, whose name he refused
to divulge, was responsible for his
trouble. He claims that since he mar
ried his wife she has been constantly
anr.oving him.
"My wife and I got along all right
untifmy mother-in-law appeared upon
the scene. She made my life unbear
able for me so that I found it neces
sary to mmplain to my wire, and then
my troubles began. My mother-in-law
I daily visited our house for the purpose
of inducing my wife to leave me. After
she succeeded I begged her to effect a
reconciliation between us. but she only
laughed at me. Realizing that I had
forever lost my wife and children T
took the poison and hope that it will
result in my death." '
A DEFECTIVE AFFIDAVIT.
Supreme Court's New Ruling Rela
tive to "Warrants for Arrest.
According to a decision handed down
by the Supreme Court yesterday a,ro#.n
must be particular when he swears* jf> a
warrant for the arrest of a person"^ i
I the ground that the accused is about to
j leave the State and defraud his creditors.
| G. T. Marsh of this city made a mistake
in this direction. Yonetro Fkumoto, the
owner of a Japanese bazaar, owed Marsh
about $4000. which he promised to pay on
February 25. A while before that date
there was a fire in the store, and the
proprietor obtained $3000 from the insur
ance companies for the damages to the
premises and stock. After the fire claims
had been paid, he began to hold daily
auction' sales. On the day set for the
payment of the money Marsh went, 10
the store and found the employes pack
ing and moving the stock, but the credi
tor could not find where the proprietor
was. Civil action had already been be
gun for the recovery of the money.
Marsh thought he was in a fair way
to lose the amount stated, and he filed
in the Superior Court an affidavit to the
effect that the debtor was about to leave
the State and was removing his stock
so as to' defraud his creditors. On this
affidavit a warrant of arrest was issued
for Fkumoto, who a little later was
landed in the County Jail. Through his
lawyer he sought to obtain his liberty on
a writ of habeas corpus, and he was
successful. The Supreme Court yester
day decided that the warrant of arrest
was void for. the reason that the affidavit
void for the reason that the affidavit
was defective, as it did not comply with
the statutes sufficiently to Justify arrest
and detention. Marsh s affidavit was
based on information and J^''^f soipiy.
and did not state. facts of affiant * J<n■•pl
edge. And further he should have taken
some pains to have leiy lie*. c - v iL»;^
whether the Jap was leaving the State
and where the goods were being taken.
La Ligue d'Henri IV Banquet.
The annual banquet of La Ligue fl Henri
IV will take place in Native Sons' Hall
to-morrow, and it is expected that most
of the members and their friends will parW^
ticirate and make the occasion mernor'
able \n the history of the society, which Is
composed of about four hundred of
French-speaking eltteens. Cards of in
vitation have been issued and are now in
the hands of the committee having the
affair in charge.ODIOUS TO
MOTHERS
The Fact That Poolrooms
Exist Where Women
Gamble.
Citizens, Public Officers, and, in
Fact, People of All Callings,
Wonder at the Law-
Breakers.
The story told exclusively yesterday
morning in The Call concerning the fe
male gamblers of the city and the lo
cation of the pool rooms set aside for
their use alone set men of all descrip
tions and occupations thinking in a
serious manner. In all the orders
passed by the Board of Supervisors
concerning and regulating the sale of
pools upon races and games of chance
there cannot be found the word, "wo
man." In consequence the evil be
comes the more terrible, and as it :s
■well known that the practice of gam ti
ling on horse races is becoming alarm
ingly prevalent husbands and fathers
alike think of the debauching influence
■which may be thrown on a member o£
the family. It is proven that women
haunt such places, and in consequence
some family suffers and men who be
fore looked upon pool selling as a ne
cessary evil have now turned in a de
cided manner and regret that men are
allowed to carry on a business which
may unfit women and girls, as well as
boys, for the honorable occupations of
life.
When the orders were passed restrict
ing the sale of pools on horse races
to the track at which the contests or
epeed took place the men who sat to
make the orders never dreamed that
women, especially those of family,
should have an order repressing them
from the degrading influence, and wWla
the orders legally restrict any one from
pool buying in a place away from the
course the thought now presents
itself that the order should have read
more definitely in regard to sex.
The heads of the Police Department
say they are helpless, because after
arrest they are unable to gain convic
tions, but members of the Board of Po
lice Commissioners state that the ob
noxious resorts should be closed up re
gardless of courts or public opinion.
It is stated that the law rests with
the police and should be enforced. Ac
cording to the records shown by Chief
of Police Lees there have been rifty
six arrests since November 3, IS9*. out
of the arrests twenty-four cases have
been dismissed, two fined $5 each, and
thirty-three have been continued.
There are at present twenty-nine cases
awaiting on the calendar of the Po
lice Courts in departments 1, 2 and 4.
Yesterday afternoon Dan Crowley
appeared before Judge Campbell and
a jury, and the case was nearing
completion when the court closed, and
it is thought that on this one case
hangs the fate of the other cases
waiting trial. The whole trouble seems
to be the present incomplete and un
satisfactory manner of drawing Po
lice Court juries. The members of the
bar are unanimous in stating that it
is the jury system which causes the
regrettable acquittals which follow
arrest of pool-sellers, but in many in
stances the cases have been heard by
one Judge alone, and as usual ac
quittal followed.
Without a chance for denial the dis
creditable occupation of gambling on
horse races, accompanied with its vi
cious results is allowed to proceed in
all its alluring yet debauching fea
tures,, and men who state that they
have the right to place their money
on a game of chance if they so desire
regret that wives and mothers have
commenced to follow their example,
and especially that their desire to play
the races is increasing in such a way.
Mayor Phelan, Chief of Police Lees,
assistant District Attorneys, Police
Commissioners and women in various
portions of the city all agree that the
evil of betting should now be sup
pressed by all means, a's it was not so
lamentable until within the past few
months, when women got the "fever."
All who have been questioned on the
matter willingly give their opinions,
and without an exception are shocked
and surprised at an evil which has in
fatuated both sexes alike. Mayor
Phelan is of the opinion that the evil
could be suppressed in a short while
by arresting and publishing the names
of all those who buy pools in the gam
bling places, and as the order restrict
ing the sale of pools makes it a mis
demeanor for any one to visit the
places, the plan looks feasible, but the
members of the Police Commission are
Of the opinion that force should be i
used to close up the resorts as fast ]
as they are opened. The opinions of j
citizens and public officials can easily |
be seen in the following interviews:
Mayor Phelan— The gambling in this
city is increasing to an alarming |
extent. I cannot see why no convic- j
tiona to speak of have as yet been made j
in the police courts. If those who visit i
the public resorts were promptly ar- j
rested and their names given to the j
public I think the evil would soon be j
repressed. Section 3 of Order 2361 j
states that no person shall sell pools !
upon any trial or contest of skill, speed
or power of endurance between horses,
except within the inclosure of a race j
track, where such trial or contest is to )
take place, shall purchase or acquire j
for money or anything representing
money, or any article of value or any
other consideration, any interest in or |
upon the event of any such trial or i
contest or contingent issue, or place or
deposit any stake, wager, hazard or
pledge between two or more parties of
money or anything representing money
or any article of value in or upon the
happening or non-happening of any
event or contingent issue. This order
was approved March 23, 1891. and the
penalty for its violation is a fine of not
more than $500 or imprisonment for not
more than six months. On this order
and subsequent arrest the evil may be
abated.
Chief Lees— l have made the ar
rests of parties who violate the orders,
and if the courts do not give convic
tions I am not to blame. The juries
which have tried the cases have been
exceptionally good ones, and I attend
ed to the panel myself. They were rep
resentative business men, and the whole
matter rests on the fact that a Jury
will not convict a party for selling
pools in the city when it is allowed to
go on at the race courses. There are
now many cases pending, and the re
sult may be different from heretofore.
The records of arrests speak for them
selves, and I can show no more proof
of the untiring efforts to bring those
who violate the law before the courts
where we have hoped for speedy con
victions.
POLICE COMMISSIONER WIL
LIAM ALVORD— The matter of sup
pressing the innumerable poolrooms
now said to exist in this city is one of
the most difficult undertakings yet at
tempted by the authorities. Many ar
rests have been made by the police
and seemingly the courts have done
their duty in endeavoring to punish the
guilty persons. So far, however, but few
convictions have been secured, as the
accused invariably demand trial by
jury and the jury as often brings in a
verdict of not guilty. From my un
derstanding of the cases the only rea
son why a conviction has not been had
lies altogether with the jury system of
our Police Courts. The course pur
sued by The Call is a commendable one
and I am ready to do - all in my power
as a Police Commissioner to aid
the paper in suppressing this, as well
aS a other evil which may exist I
would be pleased to have the opinions
of persons familiar with the law and
workings of the poolsellers. and will
bring the matter before the Commis
sioners next Monday evening In the
meantime I will familiarize myself with
the subject, so that I may have an in
telligent understanding thereof
POLICE COMMISSIONER RICH
th£ > T** T ? l iR- 1 am Pleased to see
Sr rJ c Call has taken U P the mat
ter of suppressing the poolroom evil/
£« v a n u° St comm endable move and
SoHhL th 6 means of ass^ting the au
thorities to overcome the great diffi
culties surrounding the question which
has been agitating the commission for
some time Up to the present day but
few co ions have been secured al
though the police have made many ar
to L , Ft°H Ols Ilers - The fault seems
to lie with the juries, who are un
doubtedly influenced by the argument
made by counsel of the accused that if
lTShm,S SS hISh 1S a Y, OWed at the ra^e track
it should be allowed at other places,
n?«,S T nan £ c Permitting poolselling,
passed by the Board of Supervisor"
was evidently intended to allow the"
pools to be sold at the race track only.
The poolrooms are such a menace to
m r / ls of the city that I hope we
evil find some way to suppress the
POLICE COMMISSIONER M A.
GLNST-There should be no more dif
flculty in suppressing the poolrooms
than there is in keeping faro and clock
games closed. The authorities hay*
attempted to suppress the poolsellers
through the medium of the courts but
have been unable to obtain the desired
relief there, so why waste any more
time in that direction? If the police
a w }[%. tO keep faro and clock Arties
closed they are equally as able to sup
press poolselling. If I was chief of
Police of San Francisco I would close
■every poolroom in the city within
forty-eight hours, and I would see tha
they were kept closed. Under the ex
isting law hey have no right to exist.
This being true it is the duty of the po
lice to see that they are suppressed
The law is defective on the drawing
of juries In the Police Courts." said
Assistant District Attorney Black last
evening, "and it is for this reason that
so many acquittals are brought about.
If Police Courts acted as they do in
the Superior Courts in regard to the
impaneling of juries better results in
bringing law breakers to justice would
prevail. Where an officer is given the
power as he Is. in the Police Courts to
bring any one or anybody for a juror
it- is hard to expect that a verdict will
be given in accordance with the evi
dence, as a friend of the man on trial
can easily get in the way and be
placed on the jury. the poolroom
proposition is indeed regrettable, but
it will be a hard matter to suppress,
although It will be a good thing to keep
trying. Arrest the men from time to.
time and in the future things may take
a decided change. We will hope for the
best.
Mrs. E. B. Pond says: "I was very
much surprised when I read The Call
this morning to see that such dens of
vice existed. It Is a most terrible state
of affairs, and The Call is doing a wise
thing in trying to expose them. It is
terrible to think that such a state of
affairs exist in California and In the
heart of a Christian community. I
think it must be the middle class more
than any other that spend their money
or at least gamble it in this foolish
way. It has nearly always been my
experience with the poor that the wives
seldom get the money, as the husbands
generally spend it before they ever
think of giving it to the women."
Miss Jessie Ackerman of the W. C.
T. U. Indorses The Call in its move
against the pool rooms for women. She
says: ! 'I am so glad to see The Call
work in the cause of right and suppress
such a crying evil. I hope that it will
not stop until the last one of these
places of gambling is suppressed."
Assistant District Attorney Black
said: "It is surprising the way these
pool rooms violate the law and then es
cape without any punishment what
ever. The law on the matter is plain
enough, and should be enforced. It Is
also a misdemeanor for parties to visit
the pool rooms, and on this line if ar
rests should follow much good might be
done, for no person wishes notoriety
where gambling is concerned."
Rheumatism, kidney & If ver diseases cured. Dr.
Gordin'sSanitarium.f.HPine.nr. Kearny,S.F.,Cal.
A MILLINER'S CBUELTY.
Flossie Beaver Testifies Against Mrs.
Eva Beaglehole of Reno.
Mrs. Eva Beaglehole, the milliner from
Reno, Nev., who was arrested Thursday
night on a charge of cruelty to a minor
child, appeared in Judge Joachimsen's
court yesterday morning.
The little girl, Flossie Beaver, was
called and testified to various acts of
cruelty in Reno and also at the Wilson
House on Post street, this city, where
she said Mrs. Beaglehole choked and bit
her. She showed the marks of the bites
on the palm of her hand and on her left
arm.
The case was continued till to-day, and
the Judge was so incensed that he or
dered the defendant into custody, but
subsequently revoked the order, as Officer
McMurray of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children told him that
the society had anolied to Judge Seawell
to have the letters of guardianship in
Mrs. Beagleh«i*'# favor revoked.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATUBDAY, MARCH 19, 1898.
MERCHANTS
CONDEMN A
SCALE LAW
Universal Opinion Is
Against the 1891
Enactment.
Consider It a Scheme to
Blackmail Business
Men.
Not in Favor of Granting Arbi
trary Power to Indi
viduals.
THE PROBABLE EFFECT.
The Law Designed to Create a Sine
cure for Soma Politi
cians.
The more thoroughly conversant the
merchants of the city become with the
extortion act known as the seal law of
'91 the more universal they become in
opinions of condemnation of it. In not
one instance is the oppressive edict ap
proved or the least sanction or encourage
ment expressed for its adoption in this
city.
The merchants are one in the belief
that it is an extortion of the worst kind,
and declare, as far as Influence and com
bined action is concerned, it will not be
permitted to introduced into this
municipality.
The law is characterized generally as a
blackmailing: scheme formulated by un
scrupulous legislators and approved by
the State for the creation of a political
sinecure, the duties of which, as the word
Implies, will consist chiefly of the collec
tion of exorbitant fees and the perform
ance of little or no work. It was ntro
duced in the Legislature at the instiga
tion of politicians in the interests of
political bossism, and not for the weal
of citizens of the State.
The merchants declare that they have
oppression enough without having more
heaped upon them, being taxed in every
department of their business either by
the State or the municipal government.
The argument —at is now being ad
vanced is that if an inspector is appoint
i ed and invested with the arbitrary power
i which the law of '91 will undoubtedly al
| low him, their only resource for protec
i tion will be to apply for papers lor in-
I solvency.
The sciieme is declared an unnecessary
I burden and an insult to people possessing
i ordinary common sense ana a knowledge
i of their rights as citizens.
The amount of fees and perquisites that
would be collected by the sealer it is
contended would easily exceed the salary
of the highest paid officials in the
country. .„■ '.:
The following are a few more individual
opinions to aad to the list published in
The Call during the last few days:
D. H. PORTER, OF PORTER BROS.
& CO., INC. — I certainly see no necessity
for the appointment of any person with
the power as conferred by the act of 1891.
We are perfectly willing that our scales
should be examined at any time, but the
idea of giving any person the power to
arbitrarily levy an assessment at his dis
cretion is unjust, to say the least. There
was no reason for the passage of the act
and its enforcement should be vigorously
contested.
JOSEPH KIRK, ATTORNEY FOR
THE BOARD OF TRADE— The Board of
Trade as a body has not taken the, mat
ter up because they have always * con
sidered it a dead letter law. The law has
many disadvantages, and in my opinion
can never be carried out. %
JAMES H. HARROLD. of WHEATON,
BREON & CO.— I cannot see the neces
sity for such an officer. We h«:ve our
scales cleaned and tested every morning
to prevent their going wrong, and when
ever they got out or order we send to
the proper persons and have them set
right. All merchants know that if they
cheat a customer in sending goods out
they are just as liable to cheat tnemselves
when the goods are coming in. In my
opinion there Is no need of a sealer. The
position was created by politicians to
make room for somebody. If a man
should come to my place and ask to ex
amine my scales, and after finding them
in order, should demand 50 cents or a
dollar, I think 1 would so far forget my
self as to refuse the reauest in very
strong terms. Such a tax would be an
imposition on the merchants, and I am
sure they would be opposed to -ving it
I believe in honest weights and honest
measures, but I do not believe in offices
being created for the purpose of giving
politicians a chance to work. Why a
man could go from door to door, and by
very little labor earn enough in one day
to last him a week. I cannot believe that
such an appointment will be made but if
it should be, it will be greatly deplored.
n E -£\£$ G P OF THE HOWE SCALE
C^»IPAN\— It was mainly through my
efforts that the law of having a sealer
appointed for each city was passed. I
went to Sacramento and worked hard for
its passage, as I thought it would be of
great value to our merchants. Although
I believe in the creation of such an of
fice, yet I do not think the official should
pocket the fees. He should be an expert
In his line of business and should receive
a good salary. All fees for the work he
did could be turned over to the city or
State. The fee should be a small one so
that it would not be a burden to the mer
chants. All that would be necessary
would be for the officer to visit a store
twice a year, and I am sure such a small
sum as a dollar or two would not be fen.
The merchants would be benefited by the
expert's examination, as they are con
stantly losing money on account oi-melr
scales. being out of order. I know of one
merchant who was giving twenty ounces
for a pound and was not aware "of it un
til informed by one of our experts. Every
large city has such an officer, and I
hope that San Francisco will possess one
In the near future.
ISAAC ITHAM OF PAYOT. UPHAM
& CO.— I do not believe in this indiscrim
inate collection of fees nor do I think
there is any need of such an official
Should such an office be created in this
city a reliable man with an expert knowl
edge of scales and measures should be
chosen and paid a reasonable salary
JOHN A. HAMMERSMITH OF HAM
MERSMITH & FIELD-That law was
passed to give some politician a chance to
earn a livelihoood. There is no need of
such an officer. He would be an unneces
sary expense to the merchants and of no
earthly good. We are paying too many
fees as it is, and the saddling on of more
will be strongly fought by the merchants.
Our scales for weighing gold and silver
must necessarily be kept in the finest
condition, and must not veer a hair's
breadth one way or another. Whenever
they get out of order, and that is seldom,
we send for an expert and have them cor
rected. Should a sealer come to our store
for the purpose of testing our scales I
would refuse him that privilege unless he
assured me that he was : an expert
N. BRIGHA-i. OF THE FIRM OF
BRIGHAM & HOPPE, WHOLESALE
COMMISSION MERCHANTS— law that
is made by the State and (erectly op
posed to the best interests of the State
as this law is, should '■ not be tolerated
and should be at once stricken from the
enactments. It is a fraud and an op
pression of the worst possible kind, and
it Is a wonder to me how any intelligent
body of men wou.- solicit or request Its
enforcement. The powers invested in the
office of the sealer are. arbitrary, and for
this reason alone should not be allowed
to enter the statute-book, for we are. liv
ing in a supposeaiy free community, and
as citizens, we demand . just laws that
will be for the benefit of the municipality
and not for ; Individuals who gain their
prestige from I political influence, and are
sustained :by it in their oppressive • exac
tions t and the prostitution . of i the ;' duties, 1
tie ; fulfillment ■of , which the ; Government
demands to a certain extent, and beyond
that they are at liberty to use tneir own
judgment as to how they sha*. conduct
their office and the money which u.ey
shall demand for their services. 1 be
lieve in an inspector or sealer whose duty
it would be to inspect and investigate
scales, weights, etc.. for the good and in
the Interests of the people, but he should
be employed by the Government and re
munerated for his services by the Gov
ernment, and not by the fees that he
may collect at will and as often as he de
sires to make an Inspection.
In a city as large as San Francisco It
would be impossible for one man to sus
tain the burden of carrying on the entire
work which a thorough inspection or tliis
kind would demand, and In consequence
it would necessitate the appointment of a
small army of deputies. Even this would
be desirable if the S3'stem could be oper
ated on a just basis and In a way that
both the people and the merchant" would
derive a sort of protection from the
frauds and unscrupulous practice of the
filling of weights, which characterize tne
business methods of many of our re
tailers. As the law reads now, I am em
phatically epposeo to it and will do my
best to prevent its adoption in city.
JACOB GOLDBERG, PRESIDENT
AND GENERAL MANAGER OF THE
FIRM OF GOLDBERG, BOWEN &
CO.— I can sum the affair up in no better
way than to characterize it as a base
municipal fraud. To talk and discuss
such a proposition as a possible benefac
tion on such an absurd basla would be
to reflect upon the intelligence of an or
dinary man. It Is absolutely beyond my
comprehension how a man has a right to
come into my establishment at any time
and in fact when he pleases and make a
thorough lnv. of my scales,
measures, etc., and then compel me to
remunerate h::n with an exorbitant fee.
Such conduct Is approaching dangerous
ly near that of blackmailing. I have nu
merous scales, measures and other ap
purtenances for measuring and calcu
lating the exact valuation of my goods;
and the tax that I would be compelled
to submit to by the payment of a spe
cial and separate fee for the Inspection
of each seal- would amount to a pro
digious sum. If this is the law it Is the
most peculiarly constructed law I have
ever heard of. I believe in an inspector,
but one that will be paid by the Govern
ment and amenable to it for the strict
performance of his duties. An inspector
under the present law would be at lib
erty to call at my establishment at any
time and carry on whatever Investiga
tion he mig-t see fit; but I think that
It would not only be an injustice to me
but a reflection on the laws of the city
for him to attempt a wholesale and un
warrantable extortion from me for such
work. I neither solicited it nor approved
of it and therefore I should not be com
pelled to pay for it. I think that the
law, as Secretary of State Brown main
tains, is Inoi ■ rative and as such should
be stricken from the legislative enact
ments of '91. My opinion is that the law
is an outrage that should not be toler
ated.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
R. C. Terry, a vineyardlst of Clayton, is
at the Lick.
R. J. Henry of Milpltas is a guest at
the Occidental.
George Wfl zof Chicago is staying at
the Occidenta!.
F. J. Hammer of Los Angelas is stay
ing at the Calif mla.
C. R. Scott of Portland, Or., is regis
tered at the i •■ Sdental.
W. Stokes Kirk of Philadelphia fs ono
of the late arrivals at the Palace.
Dr. W. W. i: rland, a well known Chi
cago physician, is at the Baldwin.
H. S. Hansnr. has come to the city from
' San Mateo and is at the Occident a.l.
Carl E. LJndsey, District Attorney of
Santa Cruz, Is a truest at the Grand.
A. W. Dv Bois of New York is at the
California, acd mpanied by his wife.
H. E. Bar' ■ r. deputy sheriff of Stock
ton, arrived at the Grand last night.
John B. Reed, editor of the Montana
Inter-Mountair.. is a guest at the Palace.
State Senator Thomas Fliit is rc-^'s-
tered at the Palace from his hom-3 in ban
Juan.
In an office on
one of the upper
floors of an office
building facing-
Market street Is
an elderly lawyer
whose locks have
0000000000
o o
o AN AGED o
o LOTHARIO o
° REBUKED. °
o o
0000000000 been whitened by
the snows of many winters that have, nev
ertheless, failed to cool .ie amatory heat
that st... warms hi? bosom wan the same
ardor toward the fairer portion of hu
manity that it did a half a century ago.
Now this gentleman is confined to his
office during the late morning hours,
when the streets in tne shopping district
are thronged with the lovely daughters
of society, and in the afternoons, when
Market street is crowded with the fair
ones who arise late and take their dally
constitutional alon the line as the west
ern sun is dipping toward its sleep in the
swelling bosom of the Pacific, he is com
pelled to stay '" his chamber, "up a
tower to the east," and guard the sacred
shield that some supreme court awarded
to him for his prowess in the lists of law
so long ago "that the memory of man
runneth not to the contrary."
Clients are not so numerous with this
gentleman but that he has plenty of spare
time on his hands which he employs in
rubber-necking 1 at the windows of the
Palace and throwing kisses at anything
in skirts that happens for a moment to
appear. The other day a couple of young
gentlemen were paying a call in the hotel,
when their hostess mentioned the im
pertinences to which she was subjected
by this old Lothario whenever she had
occasion to go to the window, and the
young fellows determined to teach him a
lesson. One of them, donning a bonnet
and shawl, appeared at the window, and
after a few minutes' desperate flirtation
succeeded, by signs, in making the old
fellow understand that he was to come
down and meet the supposed lady at the
hotel entrance. The elderly masher came
down at once, but Instead of meeting the
lovely maiden he expected he was con
fronted by two young- men, who first gave
him the lauerh and then reading him a
long lecture on the error of his ways dis
missed him. with the assurance that his
ape would not protect him from a thrash
ing if he continued to attempt love-mak
ing with respectable women whom he did
not know, but who might possibly be
friends of his daughters.
H. W. Patton, a politician and newspa
per man of Los Angeles, is a r uest at the
Palace.
C. J. Berry and F. Phlscatro. the two
famous Klondikers, left the Grand jester
day for Alaska.
H. C. Hopkinson of Stockton and f*.
Allan, an insurance man of Spokane, are
both staying at the Grand.
Miss Anna R- Morris, the eldest dauphter
of Colonel and Mrs. Louis T. Morris, is
lying very ill at the Presidio.
H. M. McMurchy, the cra?K bird shot
of Syracuse. N. V.. is registered at the
Grand, where he arrived yesterday.
J. A. Munroe. freight and traffic man
ager of the Union Pacific at Omaha, is at
the Occidental on his way to Del Monte.
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Johnson of 'Wood
stock, Vt.. are at the Palace, where they
arrived yesterday with their family on a
pleasure trip to the coast.
C J. Ives. president of the Bui-lini;ton,
Cedar Rapids and Northern Railway, ar
rived in the city yesterday in his private
car from Cedar Rapids, whei-e he mak«s
his home. He is on a vacation, and his
visit to California is purely one of vleas-
George H. Crosby, general freight agent
of the Burlington lines at Omaha, and D.
D Mayo general manager of the Denver
and Rio Grande Express, are at the Pal
ace where they arrived last evening en
route to Del Monte to attend the meeting
of the Transcontinental Freight Bureau,
which will take place there Monday next.
Burglars Sent to Prison.
•William '■■. Fuller, convicted ;of . burglary, !
was sentenced by Judge /Wallace, yoster- j .
day to one year's imprisonment at Fol- |
som. ; Henry Harper, .an : old offender, re
ceived ; a five-year sentence for a. similar >
offense, '/-'"- J
A Total Disability Claim of $1650 Paid to a
Man Who Was Afterward Cured.
The Monitor a newspaper published at | his mouth sufficiently -wide to take solid I even better health than when I gave yoa >
A»nfnrri ,fint rnnnda flr<?t discovered food. The doctors called the disease j the first interview.
S££?e two yearTafo', £?VSXSZS%? V $XSZS% Jjg- sclerosis.and all said he could not | you at P
at length, which now seems, owing- to the For three years he lingered in this con- i asked the Monitor.
cure of It, to be a miracle. The facts } aition. Then by some friends he was ad- j "Unquestionably I do," was the reply,
were so remarkable that many people \ vised to take Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for i "Doctors had failed, as had also the nu-
doubted the truth of them. They said: Pale People. He took them and there merous remedies recommended by ,my
"It is too remarkable; it cannot possibly was a slight change. The first thing friends. Nothing I took had the slightest
true: the paper is -mistaken, and the : noted was a tendency •to sweat freely, effect upon me until I began the use or
man, although he may think himself j This showed there was some life left in i Dr. Williams 1 Pink Pills. To this won-
cured will soon relapse into his former i his helpless body. Next came a little feel- j derful medicine I owe my release rrom
condition " etc. etc. The accuracy of its I ing in his limbs. This extended, followed the living death. I have since recom-
report called in question, the Monitor de- ! by prickling sensations, until at last the ; mended these pills to many of my friends
termined to find out definitely whether blood began to course freely, naturally i and the. verdict is always in their favor.
the facts were as stated and whether the | and vigorously through his body and the I shall always bless the day I was ln-
man would really stay cured. They ac- I helplessness gave way to returning | duced to take them." -
cordingly kept a close watch on the case I strength, the ability to walk returned and ! Such is the history of one of the most
for two years after the first article ap- ihe was restored to his old time health. I remarkable cases of modern times, can
) "
" • -■ ' • - -• ~ • ■ *- • • • • . . .. ■ __^^~~
JBbPI^ 7- —Do//ars
mSr*§gip Counters, J&f<v^<tfc{iiaA£^<£*^ K^+fifk^jfaUy '/3 J&^"<sJ&&6,
peared and have Just now published an- | The above is the substance of the first ; any one say, In th© face of such test!*
other article about it in which the orig- | article published by the Monitor. Now mony, that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills ar«
inal reports are completely verified, the follow some clippings, taken from the not entitled to the careful consideration
cure is permanent, and they publish a I same paper two years afterward, and |of any suffering man, woman or child?
fac-simile of the check given by the Ca- j there is not the slightest shadow of a Is not the case in truth a miracle of mod-
nadian Mutual Life Association for doubt, in view of this testimony, that Mr. em medicine?
$1650 amount of total disability claim : Fetch's cure is permanent. Here follows To make the evidence complete we pub-
paid' by them to Mr. Fetch. the account: ' ; Ush above a fac-simile cut of the check
The first account stated that the patient On being again questioned. Mr. Petch i received by Mr. Petch from the Cana-
(see address below) had been a paralytic said: "You see those hands— the skin is dian Mutual Life Association, being the
for five years- that there was such a to- now natural and elastic. Once they were amount due him' for total disability. It
tal lack of feeling in his limbs and body hard and without sensation. You could ;is unnecessary to add that this life in-
that a pin run full length could not be pierce them with a pin and I would not : surance association did not pay this large
felt- that he could not walk. or help him- feel it, and what is true of my hands is amount of money to Mr. Petch, except
self' at all- for two years he was not true of the rest of my body. Perhaps you after the most careful examination of hid
dressed; furthermore that he was bloated, have observed that I have now even i condition by their medical experts. They
was for that reason almost recognizable, ceased to use a cane, ana can get about ; must have regarded him as forever in-
and could not get his clothes on. The my business perfectly well. You may say curable.
paraly«is was so complete as to affect there is absolutely no doubt as to my ; Mr. Petch's address is as follows; Heu-
the face and prevented him from opening cure being permanent. Indeed I am in , ben Petch, Griersville, Ont., Canada.
FIREMEN WANT
MORE WAGES
A Petition Is Forwarded
to the Board of Free
holders.
Engineers Request That a
Reasonable Salary Be Al
lowed Them.
Officers Desire Their Pay Fixed in
Conformity With the Last
Charter.
At the next regular meeting of the
Board of Freeholders, to be held in the
Mills building next Tuesday evening, a
letter from the engineers of the San
Francisco fire department and another
from the officers of the same depart
ment, requesting an increase in salary,
will be brought before the board for
consideration.
The communication from the engi
neers is a request that a reasonable
salary be allowed them in the new
charter now being formulated, claim
ing as a right to this consideration that
they are on duty at all times and work
twenty-four hours a day.
The letter, which is as yet In the
possession of its authors, in substance
is as follows:
"We, the undersigned engineers of the
San Francisco Fire Department most re
spectfully ask your nonorable board to
allow us a reasonable salary in the char
ter now being prepared by you, and, in
doing so, we desire to respectfully sub
mit that we are continually on duty at
all times, and wor- twenty-four hours a
day that engineers who work but nine
or "ten hours per day receive a compensa
tion of at least $3; that we are all prac
tical machinists and engineers, and, be
fore securing the positions we now hold
in said department, it was necessary to
undergo several examinations as to our
q \va therefore respectfully and ear
nestly ask that you consider the fore
troing facts and allow us a fair and just
compensation for the arduous services
we are to perform in said department.
The officers of the department have
framed a similar petition, which will
be presented with that drawn up by
the engineers at the meeting Tuesday
evening. It requests the board to al
low the respective salaries of officers
provided by the last charter, and in
conformity with Chapter 2, Article
XIII. It reads as follows:
We the undersigned officers of the Fire
Department of the city and county re
snectfullv petition your honorable board
to fix arid allow our respective salaries,
as provided in the last charter and by
chapter 11, article XIII, thereof, and in
support of this petition, we respectfully
submit for your consideration that our
present salaries were fixed by an act of
the Legislature twenty years ago, and
that our duties here in said department
hive since correspondingly increased with
the growth of the city, the department
and the number of fires.
Much interest is manifested in these
petitions, as they are the first of the
kind demanded upon the stipulations of
the charter. Whether firemen are en
titled to additional remuneration for
valiant, industrious and conscientious
work is a question the board will de
cide at the coming meeting.
WEIGHING MAILS.
What TJncle Sam Is Paying the Rail
roads and Steamboats for Carry
ing the Pouches.
The quadrennial weighing of malls for
the Pacific section of the United States
will take place beginning March 22 and
closing at midnight of April 25. All mail
matter placed on cars or steamboats will
be weighed, the result of the weighing to
determine the rate and amount of com
pensation to be paid to the companies
carrying the mails. In consequence of the
time required to do the weighing all out
going mails will close ten minutes earlier
than usual. An extra force of clerks, to
be taken from the eligible civil service
list, will be put on to do the work.
The compensation allowed by law for
the carrying of the mails is $42 "5 per
mile per annum for 200 pounds, for 5<W
pounds, the rate per mile per year is
$C 4 12; fer 1030 pounds, $S5 50; for 1500
pounds, 5106 S7; for 2000 pounds, $12S 25; for
3500 pounds, $149 62; for 5000 pounds. $171.
and for all additional at the rate of $21 37
per 2000 pounds. Railroads aided by land
grants by act of July 12, 1876, get SO per
cent of these rates.
The Government pays also for railroad
postal cars per mile per annum as fol
lows: For a car measuring forty feet,
125; for forty-five feet, $40; for fifty feet,
$43, and for sixty feet, $50.
INDIGNANT PROPERTY OWNERS
The Proposed Bush Street Boulevard
Does Not Meet With General
Approval Along the Line.
The proposed boulevarding of Bush
street does not meet with the approval of
the majority of the property owners
along the line of that thoroughfare.
Those who have entered a protest
against this scheme are at a loss to ac
count for the determination of the Su
pervisors to force the issue against such
an overwhelming majority of the prop
erty owners who have not only entered
a strong protest but who have appeared
in person both before the Street Commit
tee and the full board and there maae
their objections as strong and forcible as
it was possible to do. The topographical
surroundings of the street with its west
ern end leading into a graveyard, witn
no outlet, and for that matter with no
beginning, were explained as fully and as
forcibly as it was possible to be set
forth.
A strong protest emanating from the
owners of 14,000 lineal feet has been filed
with the Supervisors against the boule
vard scheme, and a petition from only
4000 lineal feet from t^cse who condition
ally favor it has neen received. The ob
jections were backed up by the personal
appearance of a delegation of several
hundred property owners who went to the
committee rooms an- urged the absurdity
of a municipality putting itself on record
in declaring a closed street a "boule
vard." with its terminus leading: into a
cemetery.
The question has been asked by the
property owners why it is that the Su
pervisors are so determined in passing an
ordinance declaring the street a ooule
vard in the face of the opposition of a
majority of those whose interests are
jeopardized by the act. Some motive. It
is asserted, must be behind this move
other than the public good.
But the end is not yet. At the next
meeting of the Street Committee on next
Thursday a strongdeieeration will be pres
ent to again try to induce the committee
to report adversely on the boulevard
scheme.
It is claimed by the oldest residents on
the street that for the past twenty years
Bush street has been neglected in a most
shameful manner; tne old '49 cobblestone
pavement has been permitted to remain
as originally put down in pioneer days,
while outside districts have been im
proved and modern pavements put down.
Now when those who own thousands of
dollars' worth of real estate on the street
are brought face to face with a boule
vard, which they declare means to de
stroy the value "of their property, they
cannot understand it. Consequently they
are indignant and ready to fight the is
sue. They say the boulevard scheme will
virtually "destroy the prospects of the
street for anything for all time to come.
The hideous "ghost car" that acted as
a hoodoo over the thoroughfare for years
was bad enough, but this is, they con
sider, "worse and more of it."
They say: "W« are bad enough, but do
not make us any worse by mockingly
calling a street a 'boulevard' that has no
beginning and a worse end, that of lead
ing into a graveyard, whence there is no
earthly departure."
DAMAGES FOB DEATH.
Owners of the Ship Benjamin F.
Packard Asked to Pay Five Thou
sand Dollars for Negligence.
Charles C. Wilson, as special adminis
trator of the estate of Heinrich Apen
born, brought suit yesterday in the
United States District Court against Ar
thur Sew-all, Oscar T. Sewall, A. Cheese
brough, Z. Allen. John Doe and Richard
Roe owners of the American ship Benja
min 'F. Packard, for $5000 damages alleged
to have been sustained by the death of
Heinrich Apenborn. It is alleged that on
December 22. 1597. Apenborn was precipi
tated to the deck by the breaking of a
foot rope on one of the yards, and re
ceived injuries which caused his death.
The complaint avers further that the
rope was rotten and not strong enough
to sustain the weight of a man. and that
the owners of the vessel were criminally
negligent in that respect, and therefore
responsible for the death of Apenborn.
Will of a Klondiker.
The will of Fred W. Harte. who died at !
Dawson City on November 10th last, was
filed for probate yesterday. Besides leav- !
ing several valuable mining claims in
Alaska. Harte had $3000 on deposit in
bank here. After making several be
quests to a half-sister, niece and nephew, i
Harte directs that the residue of his es- '
tate bo distributed to E. F. Harte of
Philadelphia. I
The fee-simile /n& _'/&"_* '■?*** ** on ever ™PP
> si-nature I 6ws^vs^S^ of CASTORIA.
MADE SICK BY
SEWER VAPORS
Health Office Investigat
ing a Most Serious
Nuisance.
The Mail Dock Employes Live
in Almost Constant
Danger.
The Brannan Street Sewer Dis
charges on the Mud at
Low Tide.
Health Officer O'Brien is endeavoring
to fix the responsibility for a serious
nuisance that threatens an epidemic of
sickness in the vicinity of the Mail dock
and has already caused the illness of a
number of employes of the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company whose duties cause
them to remain on watch at the dock.
The Brannan-street sewer, which drains
a large area south of Market street,
empties into the bay almost directly be
neath the dock, and this outlet for the
city's filth is the cause of all the trouble.
Several complaints were recently re
ceived at the Health Office that the odors
from the sewer were causing residents in
the vicinity great inconvenience, and
Chief Plumbing Inspector Sullivan was
instructed to investigate.
He found that at low tide the sewer,
which is a wooden affair without cover
ing at the mouth, empties its contents
on the mud flats, where they are exposed
and throw off their poisonous gases un
til the rising water again comes to the
rescue of those who are unfortunate
enough to have to live or labor In the
locality.
He also found that several clerks of the
steamship company were at home sick
suffering from disorders that would indi
cate that they had their origin in the
vapors of the sewer. He rendered a re
port to the Health Officer yesterday
stating that it was imperative that the
sewer be continued to deep water at
once, and that unless something is done
immediately an epidemic of some conta
gious disease is not improbable.
Dr. O'Brien is not certain whether the
work belongs to the Harbor Commission
ers, on whose domain the sewage emp
ties, or whether the Board of Supervisors
must take care of the improvement He
will address the latter body on the sub
ject and endeavor to ascertain how the
danger can be obviated.
The situation is rendered doubly bad
by the fact that tke Brannan-street sewer
receives the refuse of a number of hos
pitals where patients suffering from con
tagious diseases are treated.
CHAMPIONS ON THE COTTBTS.
The Eastern Handball Experts Play
Close Matches.
The Eastern handball players, Casey
and Dunne, are still a drawing card at
Ryan's court on Howard street. Tester
day Dunne coupled with Bonnet. Casey
with Nealon, and they had it out for five,
games.
The playing was pretty close during
the first four games. With the score two
to all, Casey and Nealon suddenly de
veloped a burst of speed and won the
match in easy fashion. Casey and Nea
lon took the first game after some fast
work, in which the Easterners displayed
their superior cleverness. The score was
21— IS. The next two games were won by
Dunne and Bonnet. 21—17. 21—15. Try as
they would to end the match in the next
game, Dunne and Bonnet discovered that
they toiled in vain. The fourth game
went to the credit of Casey and Nealon,
tying the score in games. Then came the
last game, in which Nealon and Casey
walked right away from their opponents.
Dunne and Bonnet scored but seven times
in this game.
The feature of the play was the splen
did volleyinc of the Easterners. Again
and again they caught the ball on the
fly in the short court play, placing it at
the same time. The local men put up a
rattling game, particularly in back court
play.
As soon as a woman begins to say how
much she would like to meet a certain
literary man, her husband says pooh!
She probably wouldn't like him a bit if
she did know him.— New York Press.
910
TURF SCANDALS
MIGHT
BE PREVENTED.
If, when the Legislature next convenes,
instead of drafting bills tending to the
restriction of racing, it would draw
up a law, making it felony for
any bookmaker's employe to offer a
jockey a stated sum of money as an in
centive to pull a horse starting in a race,
it would be one Btep toward the purifica
tion of the racing: game.
Racing associations make hundreds of
thousands of dollars, but to their miserly,
grasping policy is indirectly due half of
the corruption existing on racecourses.
Now and then some racing organization
will appoint a man whose duty it is to
keep a strict watch on the jockeys; to
see that inducements are not held out to
them to go wrong. As a general rule,
this worthy is generally "'put next to
himself," and his main object is to take
advantage of i..s position, and, if a. job
in the race does exist, to get aboard the '
"live one."
One man to watch a score of jockeys! :
The most preroctous lot of youths wear- i
ing shoe leather— what Jitter nonsense. •
Vhy do not inese associations, if they
are sincere in their efforts to keep the j
sport in a healthy condition, not appoint :
say, six inspectors, whose duty it would j
be to keep an eye on suspected riders and i
slippery bookmakers'? Not only on the ]
tra.ck, but at night, and report to the j
board of stewards, the names of those !
who frequent the underground dens of i
vice and the gilded palaces of sm. No j
banker's clerk or merchant's cashier can
frequent these resorts and hold his posi- j
tion, and the rider who does should be j
placed on the doubtful list. An insight ;
into the history or nearly every disgraced |
rider will show that his downfall was due i
to the visiting of these sort of "joints,"
the "frienus" they call for, and the In- '
evitabie proposition to do a "little busi- i
ness." While perfectos and "small bots" j
come to the rider in profusion while in ;
the zenith o^ his fame, this same swell I
set which caused his cranium to expand j
several inches with highly scented bou-
Quets of flattery would not give him a
6-cent cigar or a match to light it with.
When once he stands disbarred by otfieial
ruling for fraud.
When a poor laborer out of employ- ;
ment with a family in a starving condi- !
tion, domiciled in some old hovel, who j
steals a sack of flour or a BUgar-cured j
ham to relieve their condition is arrest- j
ed, the tender-hearted Judge on the bench |
usually lets him off with a life sentence, j
If a bank cashier gets away with a cool j
hundred thousand his influential frit nds
tell the jury his pipe was too strong, and |
he is let down with a couple of years.
But when one of these polished hlgnway- j
men of the betting ring get hold of a '
"dead one" and take people's money.
knowing full well they are simply rob
bing them when they do it, the thir~ is
passed over lightly by racing stewards.
In nearly every instance where scandal !
has been attached to tne name of some
particular jockey, no seeming effort has
been made to connect a layer of odds with
the job. On the other hand, it would <
look as though the officials endeavored j
to shield these worthies.
Anent the recent suspension of Jockeys j
Spencer and .lone?, their friends are mak
ing all sorts of excuses; for their peculiar !
exhibitions. To a close observer Spencer !
has furnished some very coarse looking
saddle work, ttvo of the most glaring
cases being the rides he put up on Don j
Fulano and George Miller. The latter was j
a top-heavy favorite in a six-furlong i
Barney Schreiber's Marplot, Pace-Maker in thz Thornton Stakes Captured by Judge Denny.
eprint decided at Ingleside track on Feb
ruary 23. His owner, \V. L. Stanfield,
thought the big sprinter a "moral" and
advised all of his friends to bet on the
horse. He galloped to the stretch and
then finished fourth. It was the most
ragged piece of workmanship imagina
ble. W. L. Stanfield, the owner, was sus
pended for the balance of the meeting
"for the horse's bad showing." The well
known horseman W. B. Sink stated some
days after the race that he was told to
play Clawson's mount Caliente. winner of
the race, by people he thought ought
to know something. Just about this
time Judge Joe Murphy, who had
become very favorably impressed with
'Spencer's work, recommended the boy
to Turfman Moffitt of St. Louis,
and In consequence it is just prob
able that official was inclined to make
light of any mistake the cadaverous
looking: youth made. Of Jones I know
but little, as he is a peculiar rider.
OHie Johnson, ex-owner of jump
ers, who is mixed ufl In the scandal.
Bays all he wants is a fair investigation
with no snap judgment. One thing is
certain, when a bookmaker says he lays
top prices against some certain rider's
mount because he doesn't like his style,
it is a base fabrication. He either offers
the boy some consideration to hinder his
mount or is in possession of facts that
induce him to do so.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
FISH LAWS ARE
BEING VIOLATED
It 1b extremely doubtful if any atten
tion will be paid to the streams which
are within easy reach of this city by
the Fish Commissioners from now until
April 1, as it is said that all of the depu
ties under salary have been dispatched
to the mountain hatcheries where the
taking of trout spawn will be immediately
The Call published a letter In last Sat
urday's sporting department from a gen
tleman who had seen two men wading
through Lagunitas Creek looking for an
opportunity to spear steelhcads.
On the day the letter appeared In print
steelheads were speared in the Paper
Mill Creek, and a basket of- small trout
which were taken by poachers below the
old Paper Mill on Tuesday last, were
shipped to this city on Wednesday.
The Sonoma Creek is also being fished
out, and any person who questions this
statement should visit den Ellen on Sat
urday or Sunday, and a short walk to
Kohler's ranch will land him on a small
gJreani which will contain very few trout
on April 1, when the season opens, unless
fishing out of season is put a stop to
very soon.
John Gallagher is said to have caught
seven large steelhead in the tide waters
of Paper Mill Creek since Sunday last.
The stream is, at present, very low, and
the spent fishes are returning to salt
water.
THE FIELD OF SPORT
YACHTING WILL
SOON BE
IN FULL BLAST.
Preparations for the approaching yacht
season are going briskly forward. Boards of
officers for ]89S have been elected by the
various clubs, and the programmes are
settled, if not yet printed. The only club
which has not prepared its programme Is
the Encinal Boat Club, the opening day
of which, though not yet definitely fixed,
will probably be May 14, the other Satur
days being already taken. The commo
dore of the Encinals is J. L. Hanley and
the vice commodore is Harold Ward.
Both are launch owners. The Encinal is
so much a social club that yachting is by
no means its only or even its most im
portant feature.
The California Yacht Club will be the
first to hold its opening day, which is set
for April 16. Its programme for the sea
son la as follows: April 16, opening day;
April 17, cruise in squadron; April 23 and
24, open; April 30. open; May 1. channel
cruise in squadron; May 5, full moon;
May 7, Vallejo; May 8, return; May 14.
Goat Island; May 15, return, cruise in
squadron; May 21, 22, 28, open; May 29,
class flags; May 30, witness Corinthian
regatta; June 4, cruise to Angel Island;
June 5, clambake and return; June 11 and
12, open; June 18, to McNear's landing;
June 19, return; June 25 and 26, open;
July 2, 3, 4, special orders: July 9, 10. 16,
open; July 17, race for Wallace trophy;
July 23, cruise to Point Pinole: July 24.
return; July 30, annual up-river cruise;
July 31, return of escorting yachts: Au
gust 6, cruise to Vallejo; August 7, return
from up-river cruise; August 13. 14, 20 and
21, open; August 27, ladies' cruise to Para
dise Cove: August 2S. return: September
3, 4, 5, 9, 10, 11. special orders; September
17. Marin Islands; September IS. return:
September 24 and 25. open; October 1 and
2, open; October 8, cruise to North Beach;
October 9, run outside heads; October 15,
IG. 22, 23 and 29, open; October 30, closing
day.
The opening- day of the San Francisco
Yacht Club is set for April 23, and on the
24th the club will hold an open regatta
for small boats. The new clubhouse is
ready for occupation, and Is very commo
dious and convenient. It is especially
well provided with large lockers for the
use of members. The officers for 1898 are
as follows: Dr. T. L. Hill, commodore;
d. T. S. White, vice commodore; C B.
Hill, secretary; W. G. Morrow, financial
secretary; R. B. Hogue, treasurer; Dr. A.
W. McKenzie, fleet captain, and J. K.
Punnett, measurer.
This board represents the younger and
more active elements of the club, and
intends to make the club quarters a com
fortable rendezvous, where yachtsmen
may chat, smoke, have a game of bil
liards or read the sporting periodicals.
Commodore Hill will shortly bring the
flagship Cygnus out of Corte Madra
Creek, where she has been laid up during
the winter, and anchor her at her moor
ings off Sausalito.
The drawbridge at Tiburon will be
opened to-morrow (Sunday), and between
thirty and forty Corinthian yachts, which
have been lying in the lagoon during the
winter, will be brought out to their moor
ings near the clubhouse. During the next
six weeks their owners will scrape, paint
and rig them in readiness for the opening
day on April 30.
A jinks committee, consisting of J.
Short, W. P. Dixey, Dave Mclaughlin.
Frank Thornton, Walter Howe and Mr A.
Newell, has been appointed. On Satur
day afternoon, April 23. there will be an
entertainment for the ladies, and a boat
race; in the evening the usual supper and
links. On the 24th the yachts, decorated
with flags, will cruise in squadron. Harry
Simpkirs' Mistral, built by Twigg, has
been towed over to Tiburon. and is an
chored in the cove. She is about 26 or 27
feet ever all. and is probably the most
handsomely finished boat on the bay. Her.
deck is bright, her cockpit rail of ma
hogany, and her fittings of polished
brass. The Edna, formerly of the Cali
fornia Yacht Club, will sail this season
with the Corinthians.
Commodore G. L. Andres of the Pacific
Yacht Club has sold the schooner La
Paloma to W. S. Goodfellow. the well
known attorney, who intends to go on a
two months' cruisp to Santa Baroara and
San Diego. La Paloma will fly the burgee
of the San Franciscos. Commodore An
dros will build a new schooner, 75 feet
over all, and provided with an engine.
Handball For Sunday.
Purlng the forenoon of Sunday the
following games will be played between
local players at Ryan's court: P. Hutch
inson, and M. Dillon vs. W. Kelly
and G. Huthinson; 1,. Waterman
and E. McDonough vs. D. J. Sheehan and
X. J. Prendergast; R. Murphy and J.
Collins vs. J. White and E. Toy; M. Ma
guire and T. Foley vs. E. Curley and H.
Mousman; M. McNeil and G. McDonald
vs. D. Rodgers and P. Ryan; J. RJordan
and R. Linehan vs. M. J. Kilgallon and
J. Harlow
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1898.
TEMPTING PURSES
FOR THE
FAST GREYHOUNDS
The dogs will compete for big money at
Ingleslde and Union coursing parks this
week. The running to-day and to-morrow
at Ingleside is confined to flyers of the so
called beaten class, or dogs that have not
won third place or better during the past
six months. But the purse hung up is not
by any means such as has usually been
extended to beaten dogs. The added mon
ey is no less than $600 and in consequence
the entry is not only large in the extreme,
but in many cases causes one to wonder
how performers of such quality ever be
come eligible to the non-winner ranks.
The running to-day begins at 1 p. m.. and
the running off of the ties to-morrow at
11 a. m.
Dr. Van Hummell Is making a strong
bid for this week's stake at Ingleside with
four candidates. Unless all signs fail, the
doctor's "Van" family will go well up to
ward the top.
Both of Lynch & Maher's new Eastern
cracks are laid up. Mystic Maid will
hardly be able to run for several weeks,
and Dakota's condition is hardly less
grave.
Henry Devine expects to take away a
good slice of this week's stake at Ingle
side with his Sacramento pair, Gilt Edge
and Forget Me Not. The dogs have been
handled during the past two weeks by
Billy Creamer and are both in excellent
shape.
The rain this week has softened the
coursing fields appreciably. It will also
be bettered in a few days by being thor
oughly harrowed.
W. E. Thompson has three invalids on
his hands, Victor, High Born Lady and
Prince of Fashion all being on the shelf.
Thompson is daily expecting a trio of new
ones from the East, two old dogs and a
puppy.
Dr. Van Hummell has in his stringaVan
Needa, Van Nida, Van Cloie, Van Knapp,
Van Kirk, Van Brule and almost any
other kind except a furniture van. For
that, the doctor says he has no desire, be
lieving it possible to carry home his
weekly winnings in an ordinary wheelbar
row.
To-day's run-down at Ingleside should
develop a winnlnig flag for the following:
Forget, Mercury. Soprano, Tessie Fair,
Rex Light, Johnny R, Bendalong, Tom
Bell, Mystery, Van Cloie, Magic, Fireball,
Silkwood, Dawn. Nelly Daly, Ranger, At
Last, Bell of Moscow, Gilt Edge, Mo
hawk, Harkaway, Pat Molloy, Sir John
Arnott, Koolawn, Van Tralle, Little Dell.
Following the ruji-down at Ingleside to
day a consolation stake will be drawn for
dogs losing their first courses. It will be
run off to-morrow in conjunction with the
ties of the big stakes.
At Union Park some very brilliant
coursing is expected to-day, as the hares
are seemingly running stronger as they
grow older and better acquainted with the
field. The "'draw," which was held last
Wednesday evening, appeared in Thurs
day's Call. The probable winners are:
Rusty Gold, Old Glory, Metallic, Arapa
hoe. Van Kirk, Rosette, For Freedom,
Move On, Tod Sloane, Patria, Blackstone
Eclipse, Gallagher, Sylvia, Van Needa
White Chief, Theron, Firm Friend, Mag
net, Green Valley Maid, Mercy May,
Moondyne.
Puppy Stake— Star Pointer, Sunbeam
Las Palmas, Arrow, Bonita, Quiver, One
Spot, Master Jack.
HANDBALL IS NOW
HAVING A BOOM.
Handball players and those who are In
terested In this excellent indoor pastime
should not fail to see the king of the
court, Phil Casey, juggle with the ball
while he is a visitor to this city.
Messrs. Casey and Dunne will soon
leave for their respective homes in the
East, and consequently the games which
will be played to-day and to-morrow in
Phil Ryan's court on Howard street
should be witnessed by a particularly
large crowd of sport lovers. First class
s us will be reserved for ladies and their
cs £?" s in the tt M* r gallery of the court
This afternoon Casey and Nealon will
meet Dunne and Bonnet in a match btst
three in five games, and to-morrow (Sun
day) afternoon Case" and Dunne will
represent the East in a contest of best
five in nine games against Nealon and
Bonnet, who will try and uphold the
honors of the West.
The players say that this will be "a
game for blood, and may the best men
win." therefore it can be safely said th-it
some great ball playing well worthy of
close attention wih be witnessed.
Riordan and Kilgallon were easily de
posed of on Thursday by the two East
ern handball experts, and now it will re
main to be seen what Nealon and Bonnet
can do when pitted against the retired
champions of Ireland's great game.
ROAD RACES ARE
NOW THE
CYCLERS` PASTIME
The Garden City Wheelmen of San
Jose will hold a five-mile road race over
the East San Jose course to-morrow
morning, and as the roads are in bad
condition the course record of 13:03, held
by Roy Bridgeman, is perfectly safe. The
entries and handicaps are as follows: C.
M. Smith and Tony Delmas, scratch:
Roy Bridgeman, M. Quimby, Ted Belloli,
twenty seconds; George Thorn, H. Schnlts
pan, forty-five seconds; 11. Bufflngton, D.
Wells, one minute ten seconds; W. San
ger, Freddie Bald, one minute twenty
seconds; H. L. Schemmel, Ed Barnes, D.
Manning, W. Hill and D. Hill, one min
ute thirty seconds: Ed Johnson. George
E. Owen, A. Nichols, J. Arguello, one
minute forty seconds; Ed Whistle, V.
Curlin, two minutes.
Some afternoon next week Gail Har
denbrook, oY the Garden City Wheelmen,
is going for the San Jose-Gilroy record.
He will be paced to Coyote, twelve miles,
by a triplet, and the rest of the way,
eighteen miles, by three tandems. The
record on a single is cine hour twenty
five minutes, held by C. M. Smith and
Hardy Downing, who set the pace for
each other. The tandem record is 1:07:30,
held by Hardenbrook and Julius C. Smith.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold a
five-mile handicap road race over the San
Leandro-Hay wards course to-morrow
forenoon. The handicaps will be an
nounced by Captain Barry Larkin to
day. The entries are: Fred Boeckmann
Jr., A. J. Menne, n. J. Bangs', John 1,.
Davidson, Joseph M. Nye Jr., P. R.
Haley, Nat M. Gilman, W. J. Black. Rob
ert G. Black, \V. A. Terrill. Emil Lan
guetin, Harry T. Fowler, Walter Mac
donald, C. W. Schilling, Ben Raynaud
and J. Mose Pike.
The members of the San Francisco Road
Club should take prompt action and se
verely discipline the member who allowed
two outsiders to settle ;i difference be
tween themselves by a tight in the club
basement, as told exclusively in The
Call last Tuesday. It is very much to
be regretted that the club should have
been misled into admitting such a man
under the impression that lie was a gen
tleman, and his prompt expulsion would
serve as a lesson to him and would evi
dence to the public what is generally
known among the wheeling fraternity,
that the directors and numbers at large
knew nothing of the disgraceful affair
until they read of it in The Call the next
morning 1 .
George A. Wyman, Reliance Club, and
J. E. Wing, Olympic Club, are matched
to ride five miles, tandem paced, live
teams for each man. at Elm hurst to
morrow. The se< ond race between teams
from the Reliance and Acme clubs will
take place on Sunday, March 27.
The Garden City Vv neelmen of San Jose
have elected thirty-two members since
the last 25-mile road race. The club has
relay aspirations, and will make a strong
effort to win the Leavitt & Bill trophy.
C. M. Smith and J. E. Wing are
matched to iido ;i ten-mile paced match
race at Elmhurst on Sunday, April 3, and
both are in active training for tile evt in.
It is looked forward to by the club cyclers
with considerable interest, and the bet
ting favors Smith so far.
Arrangements have not yet been con
summated for the professional match be
tween William Martin, the celebrated
Australian rider, and William A. Terril'.
of this city. The purse and side bet have
been satisfactorily adjusted, but the
trouble lies in securing a proper sanction
aJid a track to ride the race on, as both
men ride under the League of American
Wheelmen's rules, and the California as
sociation has such complete control of all
racing affairs out here that it is next to
impossible to bring off an L. A. W. event.
Arthur Wright, one of the leading
wheelmen of Stockton, is in the city on
business and visited several of the promi
nent clubs yesterday.
E. E. ("Pinkie") Stoddard has returned
from an extended trip through Southern
California.
The Bay City Wheelmen will soon lose
one of their most popular members, Wal
ter C. Brode. "Steve" has accepted a
position as assistant engineer on one of
the China steamers, and the boys at the
club are trying to teach him the language
now.
Al E. Morrison, who was a well-known
cycle salesman nore several years ago,
is now the superintendent of u.e zoo at
Boston.
The Reliance Club Wheelmen will have
a run to Temescal to-morrow unuer Cap
tain Deacon. In the afternoon the club's
baseball team will play the Olympic
Cyclers at Elmhurst.
Other games of the Cycle Clubs ieague
schedule to-morrow are: Olympic W neel
men vs. Encinal Cyclers; Acme vs. Bay
City; Turn Verein vs. California (at San
Jose). T+ie Acme-Bay City game will be
p.ayed at the \ elodrome grounds at 2:30
p. m.
The next C. A. C. C. roadbook went
into the printer's hands last Wednesday,
and work upon it is being rushed. If
there is no unforeseen delay it snould be
out by the Ist of April— no joking.
Eight of the younger memoers of the
Bay City Wheeimen are specially train
ing for a five-mile road match race be
tween themselves, to be held in about
three weeks. They are: L. R. Cofer, N.
C. Babin, C. W. Schilling, Arthur F.
Lundberg, Walter McDonald, R. P. Phil
lips, J. M. Salazar and Teddy Bangs.
Each is to put u^ $5, making a $40 purse,
with which a trophy will be bought, as
they are all amateurs, and the winner
will take all, in the true sportsman's
style. Lundoerg is the favorite in tne
betting on the result.
H. W. SPALDING.
CRICKET CHIRPS
ARE DRAWING NEAR.
The officers of the California Cricket
Association for the season of 1898 are:
Edward Brown, president; Captain J.
Metcalfe. R. B. Hogue, W. S. McGavin
and A. E. Coates, vice-presidents; Arthur
Inkersley, secretary and treasurer.
It is proposed to play a Town vs. Coun
try match in May, the return to be played
in October. The Country eleven will be
chosen from the San Jose, Lakeport and
Placer County clubs, and the Town eleven
from the three city clubs.
The Placer County eleven intend to go
on a tour in October, and hope to play at
Alameda on the 22d, 23d and 24th of that
month.
Just now the prospects for the coming
season are not particularly bright. The ,
California Club flickered out of existence
during the season of 1597; of the San Jose
club, which last year was quite flourish
ing. Captain C. H. Coles has recently de
parted to England, Secretary G. Grahame
to South Africa, and Spencer Mayo to
another world. The Bohemian Club has
been much weakened by the return of
W. Robertson, the best all-round crick
eter on the coast, to' the land of the kang
aroo and the eucalyptus, by the depart- ;
ure of H. H. Cookson from the city and
the retirement of A. G. Sheath from the I
cricket field-
THE SPRINTING
PATH
AND DIAMOND.
Now the college coaches shout .nem
selves hoarse and tell their young disci
ples what ln.-e they know. Sheehan at
Stanford and Cochran at Berkeley are
busy men, for they are in the core of the
season, and it is incumbent upon both to
turn out winning baseball teams, -oth
are non-committal, yet full of hope.
Steady, unremitting and unswerving prac
tice is now t ..e order of the work on the
diamond, and on the track it is of the
same character.
Last Saturday at each seat of learning
the students gamboled on the cinder path
in pedal strife. The weather was every
thing it should not be, and militating
conditions prevented good performances.
At Palo Aito much was expected trom
the neld day. It was hoped that alter
this trial event a liKely team of track
men could be picked and trained along
determined lines until the time when both
colleges meet -n dual combat. Nothing
remarkame was done at Berkeley except
the performances of Drum, who is cer
tainly an athlete in the cnampionship
class.
There is every prospect that California
will send another team East this year.
Never before has there been such a
wealth of efficient athletic material.
Among the students there is talk of sub
scriptions to guarantee the expenses of
an Eastern journey. Those wno are on
the inside speak esoterically of a willing
ness on the part of the faculty to sanc
tion this adventure. Avith such men as
now wear the blue and gold colors on
track and field a team might be formed
which should srive a good account of it
self on any field.
Drum is easily the star of the Califor
nia athletes. JLapc Saturday, without any
assisting wind, the temperature too low
for litst work and a poor tracts for time, he
ran the lou-yards sprint in 10 1-5 seconds.
The official time was announced one-fifth
of a second s.ower for reasons best known
to the athletic management at California.
In the 220 Drum equaled his time maae
in the last intercollegiate held day, 'li 2-5
seconds. This was clone on a track with
a turn, and .n the stretch Drum took
things in such an easy fashion that he
was not puffed at all at the finish. His
140 was run at a jog.
During the cany part of the we -k Drum
w;u< laid off. His trainers think, that he
is rounding into shape too quickly, and
from now on he wlh be given moderate
work.
Woolsey, the freshman, disappointed
his classmen in the showing he made
against Drum. He was training for all
sprint events during the early season, but
a new plan will be adopted in regard to
him nenceforth. He will very probably
run the 100 and 220 and the 220 hurdles.
Drum will be counted on for the 440, in
which he is the strongest of all.
The weight men at Berkeley are numer
ous, but outside of the shot-put the col
lege vis comparatively weak. Wooisey,
McDermott and Guiberson have all tossed
the, 16-pound shot over thirty-nine feet.
The best hammer record made is that of
Uuiberson, 120 feet.
Coach Cochrans work is now sys
tematized, and he has not an idle mo
ment. In the morning he handles a foot
ball squad, in afternoon another foot
ball aggregation, and then i_« baseball
men. Cochran is now training a quarter
back and drilling ends ana tackle in
boxing the opposing tackles. Hopper,
last years end, is being coached for a
Quarterback. Cochran is favorably im
pressed with Hopper for that position.
Passing, punting and catching with
Princeton methods on the line are prac
ticed daily by the new fomoall aspirants.
The baseball team is practically formed,
though subject to changes. The battery
will bo Kaarsberg and Mien, with tsym
mes as substitute pitcher. McLaren "has
a sure hold on secono. and Hoag on center
Held. The weakness is on third base.
Kuster, who played that position last
year, will be tried again this wee... This
will allow Bride to go to first, where he
rightfully belongs.
Cheeseoorough is playing left field, and
is the most favored for that T-osition. At
present there is some difficulty over
Sykes, who is a student at the Law
School. Sykes does not show up regu
larly .for practice, and, thouirh an ex
cellent player. Cochran refuses to allow
him to play on the team unless he con
forms with ne training rules. Sykes is
strong in the right Held. His work with
the stick is the best of all the Caliiornia
men in training.
This afternoon t*-e alumni team and the
University of California will meet on the
college campus at Berkeley for the tmrd
time. Each has a victory to its credit,
and now they will struggle for the odd
game. The teams will line up as follows:
Alumni Position. Claifo-rnia.
Elston Catcher Mien
Goslinsky Pitcher KaarsDerg
Allen First base Bride
Wheeler Second base McLaren
McKee Third base Kuster
Lewis Shortstop Mcl\ab
Ireland Right field Hunt
Calhoun Center field Hoag
Heller Left field ..Cheesebbrough
STANFORD'S ATHLETES
ARE IN TRAINING
The following athletic news from Stan
ford is of interest:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 18.— A
cold wind accompanied by frequent showers
throughout the week has resulted In a de
creased activity on the track.
The creditable way in which the freshmen
acquitted themselves in this first Held end
track try-out has got the college to talking
about them, and when the proposition of a trip
to Reno, Nev.. comes up it is more than
likely that it will be pushed through. This
trip will be taken, if at all, during the Easter
vacation, which begins March 25 and lasts for a
week. Probably not more than twelve men
wli.i will be selected next week, will go along'
That which has given the student body more
encouragement than anything else connected
with the track is the fact that John Brunton,
captain and sprinter, will again put on his
spikes at Stanford this season. The news ar
rived yesterday, and was not generally known
until The Call was received this mornins
Brunton will probably confine himself to the
100-yard and 220-yard dashes. The 440-yard
event is not his distance, and it is thought he
will jeopardize his chances for firsts In the
former two by devoting himself to the latter
In baseball there is great dissatisfaction with
the team. Practices are growing more inter
esting because of the coaching of Jack Shee
han. '!'S. Defeat, however, continues to perch
on the cardinal banner. Inexcusable and costly
errors and a woeful want of ginger are the
main causes of Stanford's failure to win. The
game in San Jose yesterday, when the Varsity
was defeated by a score of 14 to 6 by the Santa
Clara nine, is being, discussed all over college
and the greater part of the players are being
soundly rated. With the exception of the work
done by Strohn. Young and Klauber the game
from the Stanford side had few redeeming fea
tures. Lanagan pitched in miserable form and
was tourhod up freely.
The proposed tour of the team to Reno,
where it will meet the University of Nevada
nine, will be taken on the Ist of April. The
men will soon be selected. CUTTEN
GOOD SPORT
FOR
RACKET MEN.
These are the halcyon days for tennis.
At the California Tennis* Club the courts
are incessantly occupied, and even the
defunct Oakland clubs are begi.ning to
heave the dead weight of insolvency
from their shoulders and breathe again.
In a month or two it is expected that the
Oakland Club will be resurrected and tne
wave of activity which has reached the
California Club will then be transmitted
to its traditional rival. Some of the best
players this coast has developed in late
years have worn the colors of the old
Lakeside Club. Sam and Sumner Hard->-
At the California courts this afternoon
the gentlemen players will struggle for
honors in a double tournament. Though
the entry list is not very large, the tour
nament ought to be an interesting one.
The drawings will not take place until to
morrow morning. Following are tne
teams which will compete: George Whit
ney and Walter xvlagee, Robert N. Whit
ney and George Bradshaw, Dr. C. B.
Root and R. \V. Bliven, H. W. Walter
and Werner Stuuf, Urummond McGavin
and Frank Kellog, W. O'Connor and
Lieutenant Wilcox, R. Davis and J.
Hooper, S. H. Adams and H. Weihe, The
ladies will hold another tournament in
the near future.
During the week Bradshaw and R. W.
Whitney ..eat Walter Magee ana George
Whitney, 7—5, 6 — i, B—6. Koot and Bliven
beat O'Connor and Wilcox, 6—2, 6—3.
Frank Kellog beat McN. Smith, 6— G, 6 — i,
7—5. Miss A. C. Hoffman and Miss Mason
beat Miss Hunter and Miss Bowman,
7—5,7 — 5, 7—5,7 — 5, 4—6.4 — 6. Miss Frances Curry and
Miss Drown played a Bet all, 6—4,6 — 4, 3—6.
R. W. Bliven beat Dr. Root, 6—l, I—6,
6—3, and George Bradshaw, 6—o, 6 — i, 4—6.4 — 6.
George Whitney and H. Weihe beat R.
W. Bliven an>- George Bradshaw, 6—l,6 — 1,
7—5. 6—3. George Whitney beat H. Weihe,
6—2, 6-1.
GEORGE A. NEWHALL, Presidsnt of the Olympic Club-
George A. Isewhall's official connection with the Olympic Club began in Sep
tember, 1595. when he was elected to fill the office of vice-president, ihe records
of the administration of 1895-96 show plainly that Mr. Newhall viewed his ap
pointment as a really serious matter, one which called upon him for the exercise
of his best powers and greatest influence and a heavy expenditure of diplomacy,
patience and time.
Quick and spontaneous appreciation of his services to the club caused hia
election to the presidency for 1596-97.
One year's acquaintance with the affairs of the club had fully informed him.
as to the great task he had undertaken, but, notwithstanding the fear born of
such knowledge, he never faltered, but with confident mien took command
Some of his fears were fully realized. The country had entered an era of hard
times. Membership and income became reduced, and a mostsystematie economy
and reduction of expenses ha v to be practiced. Of this year of his administra
tion he may well be proud. Although many sharp economies had been broueht
into play, in no way had the privileges and pleasures of members ueen re
duced, nor had the property of the club been allowed to deteriorate; on the
contrary, an unusual amount had been done in the way of entertaining mem
bers and their friends and a considerable (and unusual) sum had been spent in
repairs, painting, etc.
The published statement of the affairs of the club in September, 1597 was an
agreeable surprise to its friends and a prompt check to that class which of
choice looks only on the dark side and which would precipitate t. fn i nm it v
rather than adm.c itself mistaken. calamity
with admirable patience and magnanimity Mr. Newhall passed through
what by many would have been considered an unpleasant eoisode in the matter
of the election of officers for 1597-9 S. That he was more than justified by the
unanimous request of a large and enthusiastic club meeting that he continue in
office for the ensuing year is matter of club history. The policy of tne first
year is still in successful operation. The popularity of .ne club was never
greater, and its membership is increasing. Among his fellow-workers for the
club Mr. Newhall holds a high and impregnable position, and his influence har
monizes all elements to a beneficent end-
CLEVER JACKSON
AGAINST
STRONG JEFFRIES.
Tuesday evening the patrons of the ring
! will discover two important things rela
tive to the future standing of the two
heavyweight pugilists, viz. Peter Jackson
and Jim Jeffries.
The followers of the fistic game must
i admit that there are few fighters, if any,
j who can cope with the colored cham-
I pion in cleverness. But the wise ones
contend that six years of easy life haa
undermined Jackson's constitution, and
i that vitality once lost can never be re
; gained. Be that as it may, Jackson will
j enter the ring with all of his old time
! cleverness and tact, and if Jeffries is the
; game and hard-hitting man that nis
friends would have the public to under
i stand, then the stamina and phvibcaJ
i qualities which Jackson is possessor. ot
will be fully tested. ...
If the great colored fighter can make
a good firm stand before the young and
(ambitious representative ot the oral. ga
! groves, then the present talk ot JacK-
I son's dissipation and broken down con
i stitution will end in smoke.
Jackson's success will depend solely
! upon his ability to last twenty rounds,
! which distance he will certainly go unless
Jeffries "puts up" a much taster ana
more spirited fight than he has nereto
fore in contests with Ruhling and Cno-
Jeffries may be game, but his game
qualities are yet unknown to the sport
ing fraternity of this city. Possibly he
may be holding back his fire. If this be
the" case, Peter Jackson will assuredly
draw out the guns which remained silent
in Jeffries' past engagements.
Allowing that Jackson is not physically
half as good a man as he was when he
fought Corbett and Slavin, it is dollars
to peanuts that he would ..ave whipped
Choyn.ski in less than twenty rounds if
he had been in Jeffries' place the evening
Jim and Joe fought a draw in Wood
ward's Pavilion. Choynski did not hurt
Jeffries in the least, still the big white
man remained on the defensive all
through the mill, expecting at any mo
me/it that Choynski's once famous ieft
hook would crash on his jaw.
Jackson can. U>-<!;iy, deliver a much
harder blow than Choynski, who, judging
from his last fight, has gone completely
to pieces.
If Jeffries hopes to be declared the
winner of Tuesday night's fight, he must,
so to speak, get a move on, otherwise
Jackson will win the battle on points, if
he does not happen to end it before the
limit is reacheu.
Unhappy Married Couples.
Judge Belcher yesterday granted Loula
M. Johnson a divorce from William M.
Johnson on the ground of extreme
cruelty. James M. Gale was granted a
divorce from ~ au..na Gale on the same
ground.
Mary V. Lawrence has commenced suit
for divorce against James H. Lawrence,
failure to provide; Letitra E. Ripperdam
from Thomas A. Ripperdam, failure to
provide; and Clara Libby from George D.
Libby, desertion.
Judge Daingerfield has granted Emily
M. Goiton a divorce from James T. Gol
ton on the ground of cruelty.
Presented With a Star.
At the last meeting: of the Police Com
missioners Special Officer Paul Smith was
presented with a star at the request of H.
J. Kay and four others as a token of
their "esteem of his good character, abil
ity and judgment."McINTOSH
GUILTY OF
CONTEMPT
Sentence of Five Days
in Jail and to Pay
a Fine.
Disbarment Proceedings
Recommended Against
Two Lawyers.
Journals That Have Put a
Commercial Value on
Confessions.
HAYMOND STILL IN HIDING
of Irresponsible Journalists to
Secure Statements and De-
feat Justice.
The evidence before the
court taken on this proceed
ing shows a remarkable and
heretofore unheard of transac
tion. It would seem from
such evidence that a practice
of purchasing "confessions''
from persons accused of crime
has become a feature of mod
ern journalism; that journals
desiring to cater to the modern,
public in their demand for sen
sations have established a com
mercial value for such ''con
fessions." This value is held
out as a bait for the criminal
to make a so-called confession,
which, from the manner of its
procurement, he, as •well as
the journalist, knows could
not be used against him on his
trial. By making such a
"confession" he is led to be
lieve that means can be se
cured to enable him to defend
himself or to defeat justice
without other injury than to
create public opinion against
him. It further appears that
the defendant Hoff, now on
trial in tLis court, is a man
without means, and that coun
sel defending him are render
ing their services gratui
tously.
Attorney B. W. Mclntosh was ad
judged guilty of contempt of court yes
t-rday by Judre Cook, and he was sen
t-iiced to five days in the County Jail
and to pay a fine of $500. The charge
against the attorney was that he was
negotiating to sell a confession pur
r rted to have been made by his client,
1 bert Hoff, who is on trial for his life
before Judge Cook. Attorney E. B.
Haymond who was associated with Mc-
Intosh in an attempt to dispose of the
confession they alleged to have secured
from the accused murderer was con
sidered equally guilty with Mclntosh
in the contempt charge, but as he can
not be found he has so far escaped the
judgment of the court, but proceedings
of disbarment will be instituted against
him, and if he does not suffer for con
tempt he will in all probability be pro
hibited from practicing his profession
in this State. Mr. Melntosh will not
altogether escane with the punishment
of imprisonment and the payment of a
fine, but his conduct will be called to
the attention of the Bar Association,
and he will join Haymond in being
ousted from the practice of law in Cali
fornia.
Judge Cook in giving his judgment
paid:
The respondent in this proceeding has
been acting as one of Hoff'B attorneys.
The evidence shows that some sutjeation
of a confession was made to Hoff by a
DESIGN FOE THE L. H. BRIGGS BLOCK TO BE EEECTED IN OAKLAND
' Oakland for the last five or six years has had a restless streak. First, the only street for business purposes
was Broadwayf Jhen the merchants g^t tired of that and they moved to Washington street; and now the fever of
unrest has attacked them again and they are moving to Clay street. . -' . • : . . « ~ + w «* a^*o,v.
From time to time many business buildings have bobbed up on this street the last being that of Abrahamson
Brothers and now it has beenmade public that right across the street from it L. H. Briggs intends to put up a
beautiful building on his premises on the corner of Thirteenth and Clay. -; • . a ' -^
It is thought that if Clay street becomes a business street the First Congregational Church, which is on Clay,
between Twelfth and Thirteenth, will hve to move to less valuable property and more congenial church surroundings/
. ; The plans for Mr. Bfiggs' new building have been designed by Cunningham Bros., who designed the Central
Bank in that city. The building is purely a California design -and; all the rooms will be well lighted and airy. Mr.
Briggs will occupy one of the stores: It Is : thought that it will be a matter of a few weeks before Mr. Briggs will be
in readinesa to begin work on tae new structure.
newspaper reporter, and that he informed
his counsel thereof, he suggesting to them
that he could obtain a large sum of
money by consenting to make such a
"confession." Thereupon his counsel con
sulted relative to the proposition. It ap
pears that one of his counsel, W. H.
Schooler, immediately rejected the propo
sition and suggested to his associates the
! impropriety of it and the injury which
I it might work to their client. It further
I appears that R. L. Simpson, another of
| defendant's counsel, concurred with the
views of Mr. Schooler, and it is clear to
the court that neither Mr. Schooler nor
Mr. Simpson were in any way implicated
in the transactions which form the basis
of this proceeding, and the court fully
exonerates them from any complicity
therein. Not so, however, as to Mr. Mc-
Intosh, the respondent here. He (Mcln
tosh) undoubtedly did not dismiss the
matter from his mind. On the contrary,
on several occasions he mentioned the
subject to his associate, Mr. Mclntosh
suggesting on such occasions that should
the defendant make such confession it
could not be used against him on the
trial, and if it could, the defense of in
sanity could be manufactured; even going
so far as to suggest to his associate, who
was engaged in examining jurors on their
voir dire, to ask their views as to the
defense of insanity. Upon each of such
occasions Mr. Schooler persisted in the
vi» \vs expressed by him at the first con
sultation upon the subject. The advice
of Mr. Schooler was not, however, ac
cepted by Mr. Mclntosh, for the evidence
shows that another attorney, named Ed
gar B. Haymond, occupied the same of
fice with him, and he evidently consulted
with Haymond upon the subject ajid the
latter volunteered to act as middleman
and negotiate the sale to a public jour
nal of the confession, if procured from
his client by Mclntosh.
J'hf evidence shows beyond doubt, to
my mind, that Mclntosh accepted the
offer of Haymond and the two thereafter
acted in concert, expecting to reap pe
cuniary benefit from the sale of a so
called confession, either obtained or to be
obtained by Mclntosh from his client. It
is true there is a conflict in the testimony
as to whether Mclntosh ever stated that
he had such confession, he swearing that
he never made such statement and the
witness Conners swearing that he did
make it. Conners' testimony is corrob
orated, however, by the conversation had
by Melntosh with Schooler, wherein he
evidenced that he was contemplating ac
tion with Haymond, and further by the
note which the testimony of three wit
nesses shows lo have been sent by Con
ners to Garrett. There would have been
no necessity for such note and no mean
ing thereto had not Mclntosh told Con
ners that he, instead of Haymond, then
had the confession.
From all the evidence I am satisfied
that Haymond and Mclntosh were acting
together, Haymond as the agent for Me-
I Intosh, in an endeavor to sell, and that
they did offer to sell, to a public jour
nal, an alleged confession of guilt, either
obtained or to be obtained from the client
of Mclntosh, who, at the time, was on
I trial for his life in this court, and a jury
j being secured from citizens among whom
i aucn journal would have oeen distributed.
I Mclntosh and Haymond are both of them
attorneys ut law, licensed and admitted
to practice law in all of the courts of this
State, and officers of this court, one of
them being at the time actually engaged
in this court in the trial, for murder, of
the man whose "confession" of the crime
for which he was Winy here tried, the
bartering was being conducted, and that,
too, at a time when a part only of the
| jury which was to try said cause had
been secured and when some jurors were
! jet to be selected^ from citizens among
j whom it was contemplated such "confes-
I slon" should be distributed.
Had the defendant made an honest con
fession of guilt to his counsel, It is claim
| ed by many learned in the law that it
j would have been the duty of such counsel,
as an officer of the court, to report the
j same to the court; certainly it was a vio
i laiion of his duty to reveal it to the
j world and thereby compel the setting up
of a false defense, for the exception
j made as to criminal cases to the pro
vision of the statute defining the duties
of an attorney does not permit or author
' ize counsel to manufacture a false de
! fense or proceed to establish innocence
! by false testimony when guilt has been
confessed by his client.
if the "confession" was onj whirh
i counsel knew to be a false statement, or
if there was none In existence or to be
' produced, then counsel would be en-
J deavoring to use their office as the means
of obtaining money by false pretenses,
j thereby bringing the tribunal of which
; they are officers into contempt, and les
sening its Integrity and the respect due
! to it.
Aside from me lact that the acts com
! plained of show the respondent to have
' violated his duty as an attorney, in main
! taining tiie dienlty and respect due to
j Courts, of Justice, they likewise show a
: gross Interference with the proceedings
I of the court and the administration of
justice. Such acts had a direct tendency
to injure the ddendant on trial and to
feat the ends of justice.
If counsel have the right for the pur
pose of lining their pockets and securing
a fee for services rendered to a client, to
induce their client to make a false con
fession for publication and thereby either
prejudice the minds of jurors trying, or
to try, the question of such client's guilt
or innocence, or ..o compel counsel to
abandon a legitimate defense and manu
facture a spurious one, the profession of
the law should be abolished. The law is
an honora^.e profession, and those ad
mitted to its ranks should be, and main
tain themselves as, honorable members of
an honorable profession.
Courts, not newspapers, are established
for the trial of causes, and no one should
know this better than attorneys, who are
officers of the courts.
Those who contemplated the act of pub
lishing the so-called confession failed to
consummate their purpose. Although
such failure relieves all not officers of
the court, it does not relieve the attor
neys, who, as officers of the court, en
tered into a conspiracy to commit such
act and who were guilty of overt acts in
furtherance thereof. Had tho contem
plated act been consummated and a
•■confession" of the defendant published
in a public journal during the progress
of this trial, whether such confession were
true or false, anu had a copy of such
newspaper reached the eye of any juror
sworn in this case or any citizen drawn
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MATtCH 19, 1898.
SHE SUFFERS FAR FROM HOME
From private advices received In this city last night it Is learned that Mrs.
Antonio Terry, the wife of the millionaire Cuban planter, who is better known
to her girlhood friends in San Francisco as Sibyl Sanderson, the beautiful and
famous singer, is seriously ill at Nice suffering from paralysis of the lower limbs
resultant on the long period of illness that has been her fate ever since her mar
riage. The facts are these: After their marriage, Mr. and Mis. Terry went to
Nice to spend their honeymoon. Shortly after their arrival Mrs. Terry was
taken sick, and the physicians who attended her had the greatest difficulty in
preventing her malady from developing into brain fever, but this danger fortun
ately passed, though it left the fair singer In a very delicate condition that has
finally resulted in apparently paralyzing her lower limbs.
Mr. Terry is deeply grieved over his wife's condition and la making every ef
fort that love can dictate and money execute to effect her cure; he will remove
his wife to their home in Paris as soon as it is considered advisable.
Sibyl Sanderson was well known here a? a talented and lovely woman. Her
voice developed such remarkable qualities that it was carefully cultivated, and,
after achieving quite a local reputation as a singer of no mean merit, she finally,
some years ago, took up her residence abroad where she soon succeeded in creat
ing a name for herself that has become a household word throughout the entire
music-loving world.
for examination as to his qualifications
to serve as a juror therein, not only those
who furnished such "confession," but
every one connected with the publication
thereof, including the proprietors, pub
lishers, editors, reporters and even the
printers who set up the type, would have
been guilty of a contempt, and would all
have gone to jail for their ortense. The
court trying the case and not the news
papers is the tribunal in which such a
confession should ue brought to light.
The court Is a court of record, and
while a trial in which a man's life is at
stake was progressing officers of the
court committed overt acts toward the
doing of an act which, had it been ac
complished, would have grossly inter
fered with the administration of justice
and deprived the man on trial of a fair
and impartial trial. When in this court
one of its officers so conducts himself he
will be punished, as also will all persons,
whether officers of the court or not, should
they be so regardless of the rights of a
defendant and the proper and orderly
administration of justice as to succeed in
accomplishing any such act aa that
shown to have been attempted here.
Ni-wspapers have no more right to com
municate with jurors sworn In a case on
trial than have individuals.
For the acts shown to have been done
by this respondent and what was done
by Haymond, as his agent, the court
considers him, the said Mclntosh. guilty
of a contempt of court. If such conduct
is not a contempt the Supreme Court
must so declare. I consider it to be a
gross contempt and one for which the
punishment fixed by law is entirely in
adequate.
The court will further direct that the
testimony here taken be submitted to the
Bar Association of this city and county,
that proceedings may be instituted by
that association for the disbarment of
both of the attorneys who co far violated
their oaths of office as to engage in the
outrageous conduct which such evidence
shows them to have been guilty of.
ORDERED TO SIT DOWN.
Attorney Schooler's Agressive
Tactics Cut Short.
Attorney Schooler, the leading counsel
for the defense of Albert Hoff, the ac
cused murderer of Mrs. Clute, departed
from his usual placid and courteous man
ner on the resumption of the trial yes
terday morning in Judge Cook's court,
and before he desisted he had to be ad
monished by the Court. Joseph Foley
the carpet-layer who left the house at
803 Guerrero street only a few minutes
before Mrs. Clute ir.ot her death at the
hands of the assassin, was on the wit
ness stand. He told of putting down
some matting on the floor of one of the
rooms of the flat, and when he had fin
ished his work he left, carrying his tools
With him. He testified to having left the
house about 4:55 p. in. on the day of the
murder and going- to 833 Schrader street
to do some work, but when he got there
it was too dark to do much and he went
home to 27 Railway avenue, walking over
the hills. Attorn.-: Schooler, in cross
examining the wltm ss, was particular as
to how he left the house and how he car
ried his bundle of toola, hoping to make
it appear that Hofi had been mistaken by
several of the preceding witnesses for
Foley.
Schooler asked the witness if he had
any feeling in the rase, and the reply
was that he had none.
"Don't you want the defendant to be
found guilty?" asked the attorney.
"No, sir; I do not think so."
"Don't you know tna.t if he is found
guilty it would divert suspicion from
you? '
"No, sir."
"Don't you know that there is suspi
cion against you?"
"No, sir, not a bit."
"Haven't you been uneasy about this
case?"
"No, sir; not in the least."
These questions were fired at the wit
ness by the attorney, roaring ut the top
of his voice and standing over the witness
and shaking a threatening linger at nlm.
It hud not the least eff< <n in worrying
the witness, but Prosecuting Attorney
Hosmer objected to the manner of the
attorney and he asked that Schooler be
ordered to deport himself in a more be
coming way.
Judge Cook directed the attorney to
taJce his seat.
"Do I understand that the court rules
that I cannot examine this witness while
standing?" demanded Schooler. Have
I no right to stand?"
"The court has the power to order you
to take your seat whenever the court
sees fit to do so. I think this cross-ex
amination has gone far enough. Still, if
there are any more questions to be asked
you may proceed."
"We except to the action of the court
in ordering me to take my geat," said
Schooler, jumping: from his chair as
soon as the court had ceased speaking.
"Take your seat, sir," ordered the
court, "and proceed jn a proper man
ner."
Schooler asked a few more questions
as to the witness' feelings in the case,
and Foloy was allowed to go.
William 'Haven, a carpet layer who
had put down the carpet in the front
room of the fiat the day before the mur
der took place,, testified that while he
was at work in the house he saw no
coupling pin in any of the rooms.
C. W. Mark, vice-principal of the Ev
erett Grammar school, testified to hav
ing summoned a physician whon he was
notified by Mr. L.egg that a woman had
been injured in the residence at 803
Guerrero street. Mark was engaged in
telephoning to San Jose when he was
told of the tragedy, and several opera
tors of the telephone companywere sum
moned to fix the time at which he was
at the telephone so as to better estab
lish the time at which the crime was
committed.
Henry Niemeycr, the clerk of the lAn
dell House, where Hoff roomed, testified
to Hoff having arrived at the house at
about 5:45 on the afternoon of the mur
der with his bag of tools and after put
ting it in his room went out. He snowed
the witness a cut in the palm of one of
his hands, which he said he got from a
tack that afternoon.
Policeman Feeney testified to finding
the coupling pin in one of the rooms of
the flat where the murder took place,
and said it was smeared with blood when
he picked it up. The blood was not
quite, dry on it when he took it up, and
he got some of it on his hand.
Dr. T. O. Inman, who responded to the
call of C. W. Mark, told of the position
of the body when he arrived at the
house and described some of the wounds
he saw on it. He was on the stand when
the court adjourned.
SIGNED WITH DALY.
Blanche Bates Severs Her Connection
With the Frawley Company.
Blanche Bates, who .has already won :
bo many laurels as the : charming leading
lady of the ; Frawley company, will be
Been on the boards In.San Francisco no
: more— at . least , 1 or .: some ■ time .to ■ come. j
.An announcement was received In this
city yesterday by ;! Miss Bates' mother,
Mrs. F. M. Bates, that Blanche had
signed with Mr. Daly. - She will : join Mr.
Daly's company In New York : and will
make : her ? first appearance there.
;::■'. It ;is stated < that Miss Bates will play
seconds ; ; to Ada Behan, and on certain
occasions will fill the I role ?of that ' well
known : actress. ; This in itself is a state
ment i of ; great importance regarding one
whose ;■ talents i were \ first recognized ?* in
San Francisco. ■ .
x: Miss ? Bates was born in Oregon, but
was brought to this " city ■; when ' so : young
that she - j really looks > upon , : it -as , her
home, , and always - has :a 5 tender - spot , in
i her I: heart i for \ everything ; Calif ornian:
She is well i pleased" with ,• her new open
ing," as : she has always been I a great - ad
mirer of Miss ; Rehan. * As ■ Mr. ? Daly ; does
i not ?; intend sending any companies .out
here > this I year, t Miss Bates will not be
seen in San Francisco for some time. . :
"■„ Manager, Frawley ;is now i in ! New York,
where he will engage a new leading lady
:to < fill the t place - W* > vacant by Miss
; Bate»." v " :-■■;.■:■>:■.'■■■■'■ \:"\" '
ARREST OF
A CHINESE
BURGLAR
Landed in the City
Prison After a Des
perate Struggle.
Attempted to Injure Detec
tives Wren and
Gibson.
Accused of Stealing Several
Thousand Dollars' Worth
of Jewelry.
FOUND IN AN OPIUM JOINT
Ho Has Already Served a Term of
Two Years in San
Quentin.
Detectives Wren and Gibson last
night arrested a Chinese burglar for
whom the police have been searching
for a long time. His name is Ah Loon.
Some years ago Loon hired out as a
servant and rewarded his employer by
stealing his wife's diamonds, valued at
several hundred dollars. Evidently
fearing arrest he went to San Jose,
where he was arrested from a dispatch
sent by Chief Lees. He was charged
with grand larceny, and was convicted
by a jury in the Superior Court. Not
withstanding that he protested his in
nocence he was sentenced to two years
in San Quentin. He was released about
a month ago and since then it is claim
ed he has succeeded in robbing several
housewives of jewelry valued at $2000.
His latest victim is James Hopkins,
who resides at 2230 Jackson street.
Shortly after being released from the
penitentiary, the Chinese thief secured
the position of servant for the Hop
kins family through an employment
agency. The following day he disap
peared, taking with him several gold
watches and rings belonging to Mr.
Hopkins and his wife. The police were
at once notified, but notwithstanding
that two detectives were detailed to ap
prehend him, he managed to elude ar
rest.
Shortly afterward he secured a place
in the family of William Cluff of 1916
Vallejo street. He was there only a
very few days when he was suddenly
missed. An examination disclosed that
during the temporary absence of the
family he had stolen a miscellaneous
assortment of Jewels, consisting oi
rings, diamonds and watches. Since
then Detectives Gibson and Wren have
been anxiously searching for him.
Shortly after 7 o'clock last night they
learned that he was in a friend's room
in Chinatown, and they proceeded to
arrest him.
Stationing a police officer at the en
trance of the bouse bo as to prevent
his escape, the detectives entered aod
failing to gain an entrance to the room,
they kicked in the door. Loon was ly
ing upon a bunk Booking opium. There
were several Chinamen in the room at
the time the detectives appeared, and
one of the Celestials attempted to as
sault thm. He was promptly seized and
hurled through a window to the yard
below. The much-wanted burglar also
tried to assault the officers, but was
placed hors de combat by a well direct
ed blow upon the jaw. He was then
handcuffed and taken to the City-
Prison, where his name was registered
upon the small book.
1 ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
I AN OPEEATION AVOIDED.
. . (,") — - -.' r
'. Mrs. Rosa Gaum "Writes to Mrs.
l ; Pinkham About it. She Says: 1
' Deab Mrs. Pixkham: — I take pleas-
ure in writing you a few lines to in-
; form 3'ou of the good 3'our Vegetable
Compound . has done me. I cannot
j .thank you enough for what your medi-
1 cine has done for me; it has, indeed,
helped me wonderfully. qIM2SL
For years I was trou- y^t-^^\
bled with an '.' ll j ■
ovarian tumor, X^P^^^W^ /\ \
eachyear grow- w^^Hg^® A
ing worse, un- I ""^S^bsllffl 'll^'
til at lust I b^> *ftfle|L |^
was compelled / r^sßr £//
to consult with T^ . {^^ Mil
a physician. . V\_^-^ \ J?&
nothing could \,^-^ . v I v^2pr
■ be t done < for . ■;■■ .
me but to go under an operation.
- In speaking 1 with a "friend. of mine
about it, she recommended. LydiaE.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, say-
ing she knew it would cure me. I then
sent for your medicine, and after tak-
ing three bottles of it, the tumor dis-
. appeared.* Oh! . you do not know how
much good your medicine has done :
: me. I shall recommend it to all suffer-
ing women.— Mrs. Rosa Gaum, . 720 '
: Wall St., Los Angeles, Cal. (
The great and unvarying success of .
Lydla YE. Pinkham's .Vegetable Com-
pound in relieving every derangement
of * the female organs, ' demonstrates •
it to be the modern safeguard of wo-
man's ; happiness and bodily strength. 1
More than a million women have been
benefited by it. / - "?-*tf£? ' ': :
'. Every woman who needs ; advice
about her health is invited to write to
Mrs. Pinkham. at Lynn, Mass. -
■ ' ' •*• ' — ■ — :—: — .
MADE ME A MAN
-.'VC^'-AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUKE
" §f -, «1 <*T. Impotency, eieepleaanoas, etc v caused
: wf Ttl, bj Abuse or other Excesses and Indis-
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURS
XXI Nervous DUeaset- Tailing Mem-
ory, Im potency. Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abuse or other Excesses ond Indis-
cretionn. They <ru*'<lv and. turely
■•"' A **ST, restore Lost Vitality in old or yon and
A^il fit ft man for study, business or raarriago.
- QfiP^Bß» Prerent Insanity and Consnmpuon i£
takon'in me. . Their am shows immediate improTe-^
Kent and effects a CUKE where oil other foil In- :
slst upon having the genuine Ajax. Tablets.,; They,
hanj cored thousands and willcnreyoa. We give a po>
itiro written guarantee to effoct a cure CA RTS la
each cake or refund the money. Price WWI* ■ per
packamj or «ii pkges (fall treatment) for $2.60. 13y
maUTin plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
*"*■ AJAX REMEDY CO., 'SJ??^
. ■ For sale In San Francisco by LelpnlU * Co..
WO Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. Xi Mkt.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, j
1 KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ~ BTS.— !
modeled and renovated.' , KING. WARD A
1 CO. European plan. ; Rooms 60c 'to( $1 today,
' $5 to *8 week. $8 to $30 month. Free baths:
I hot and cold ■ water every i room; : lire jrrate* . in ,
k , livery room; . elevator runs all night. :,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IS !In The Klondike J
is n.3 necessary as a pickaxe.
■■ '' 'No miner should be -without
/ggy^^&Sj one. Unaffected by extreme cold or heat. , •
Jp^^^^Si Send : name and address on a postal card
Y--~J:f||l for 148-page illustrated catalogue. It
■ Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
NEW HAVEN, CONN.
'&*. \\ j 418 Market Street, San Francisco, Cat.
WE—
ASK
YOU
Do you want to read a weekly
paper with opinions fully, freely
and forcefully expressed? Then
read
EDITOR JAMES H. BARRY.
Its editorials are unbiased, with
no pretensions to infallibility.
THE STAR'S Leading Articles
To=Bay are :
"ADMINISTRATIVE TREASON."
AN UPRIGHT JUDGE.
HIS CONSCIENCE FOUND.
EMPLOYMENT SWINDLE.
GET AT THE t COST. r :
LOOKS LIKE A LIE.
GREAT TAX SHIRKERS. .
A FAMILY COMPACT.
All the Live Issues of the Day Intelli-
", gently and Fearlessly Considered.
SUBSCRIPTION $1 50 Per Tear.
• FIVE CENTS PER COPY.
OFFICE 429 MONTGOMERY ST.
; All' Makes RENTED And Sold
. ON INSTALLMENTS. |
■ " Send fop Sample of Work, and Prices.
L. & M. ALEXANDER
I 1 1 0 MONTGOMERY ST.
Agents Smith Premier Typewriter.
HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- ■
Colored Spots, Aches,; Old Sores, Ulcers I
in Mouth, Hair-Falling? ■ Write COOK JREM- B
EDV CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- ■
1 : CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital n
! B 1500,000. Worst cases cured la 15 to 36 days. ■
100-paire book free. -. v-'-'-*?.;'O:'i i-j
j A PERMANENT CURE I
l| A PERMANENT CURE I
S of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea 1 '
■ 1 [ and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 <
C days ; no other treatment required. 5
j[ Sold by all druggists. • 5
— , — — I
The pur» essential extract from the native druifj Con*
tains nil tlie valuable medicinal properties of Or-i'Jin
without !ts noxious elements. No sickness cf wt'ir 5
SO Tomlt:ng;nocostlYeneys;no he&daclio. AUDrugviria.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
/»OO MARKET : ST.. • OPP. ' PAIxtCB
000 Hotel. Telephone 670. Residtno* Mi
V*l«ncl* ttmt Telecboa*. "t:huroli" U. ..
Weak Men and Women :
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. CTHB
great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
; strength to the sexual organs. . . '
RAILROAD TRAVEL. <
111--— m^,,- moll CALIFORNIA
]^gHf?|^ s LIMITED.
f?^^^i SAN FRANCISCO
WBKBHIWini CHICAGO.
i
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with- j
out extra charge. : . «
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
' Pullman Palace Drawlne-Room Sleepers,
3>4 days to Chicago, 4*4 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS^
Leaves dally at 4:30 p. m., carrying - .Pullman j
Palace ' and Pullman ' Tourist ■ Sleeping ■ Cars ' on 1
fast time. Direct 1 connection, in Chicago and I
Kansas City for all Eastern points." •--: : ..;.•
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street' f
Ferry. Ban, Francisco ticket office, : 644 Market
street, : Chronicle .- building. Telephone • Main
1520 Oakland office. ' 1113 . Broadway. Sacra- :
mento office, 201 J street. . San Jose. 7 West :
- Santa ' Clara street. . •
I NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From' San ' Francisco, "- Commencing ; September
; . . 1897. :■'.,- • •;■
WEEK DATS. -
For Mill • Valley -. and San Rafael— . "Siso.
11:30 a. m.; 3:4&, *5:15, 6:00, 8:30 p. m.
Extra trips ~~. for San y. Rafael ;on' ■' Monday*.
■■_-. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. '
;;- ;.;._■;■: ..,;, SUNDAYS. ;■;:- ■- v -;■', ;|
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— nO-00,
•11:30 a. m.; «1:15, 3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m. - ; ;
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. -
.^ <;•" THROUGH TRAINS. •-
> 1:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
. . tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed 1 train) for
~ Duncan i Mills and way stations 8:00 a. m.
Sundays Lot Pelat Reyes wad way. stations. -
SAILBOAD lIIAVEL. ' J
■OIJTHKRN Pacific coarAjnr.
r-r-;-f*~-\ ■ '-(pacific »y«TEM.)
rrnln* !ri'.it> nml »■'<* <!••«■ 10 nrrlv* ••'
MAN ritAN«!IMt!O.-' , '■ .
. v ■ (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) ' X - i
savk — FROM jAIfUABT 1. 1698. — AltßlY^
'6:00 a Nile*, Saa Jose and Way Stations. . . *8:43 a
7:00 a. Becicia. buisun ami Sacramento. .-. . 10:*o*
7sOOa Maryaville. Orovilleand Redding ila .
Woodland 5 8 i*2 1
7:00 a Vacaviilo and Run.sey S«*3*
7:HOa Martiuez. San Vallejo. Ifapa,
- ■■- C'alistoga and Santa Rosa. S « •»*
8:00* Atlantic K.\l>rcss, Ogdeti mid Kast.. »:-ia«
b-:u»a Mies, San ,)<»e. HLocktou, lone,
Sacramento, Maryßville. Chico,
TchamaacdllcUJliiJT i'l2'
•Bs3Oa I'etcrs, Milton and Oakdste »7ilBf
9i«oa New (irle*ua Kxi<r«cs, Heroea, Ray-
mond. J resiio, ltaliersiieiil. Santa .
lUriiara, 1.-.»» Angeles, Uciuluk.
El l'aso, Now Orleans and J'.ast. O«4.'»#
9:00 a. Volltjo. Martinez, ileiced and ~_ ■
Fre5n0............ •"- IZjI.IP
•l:OOp Sacramento ltivcr Btoomen *!•:<>«?
J:OOr Ni ! .£6. San Jcbo aud Way Stations.. J9:l 3*
l:3Op Martinez mid Way Stations.... 7:-*3 l»
2:001" Livermoro, Mc&dota, Uanford and
VUa1ia.. .....: 4:I5»
Uveraicre, San Jobs, Niloe and Way
Stations JlOilOt
4:0Oi- MmtiiK:,:. San Ramcii. Vallejo,
• • Nfti>a. »srtli»togn, V.I Verciiio and
ShiiU ltosu »iI»A
«i«»c BenicU, VacaTiUe, '.Vuo'liand, •
Knizlits Laudiiig. Marysville, uro-
1 ' vlllo RiHlSuctmiieuto... lOiOa
•*i»»>r Nlles, San Jos<\ Tracy and Stockton .. 7tlsp
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, fierenda,
Fresno. Mpjavo (for Rarusburu),
■ Santa liarliarnaiKl l.t>a Anglic*..' 7z4»A
4i»«p Santa Be Kcute, Atl»nlio l'ixpresa •;
for Mojavo and K.ist 6:43f
£S:SOp "Su::set Limited." Los Angeled, El
Paeo, Fort Worth, Little Kock, St.
Louis, Cbicaso and East ...glO:18A
•Is:3up " Sunest Limited Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans and East |I0:I3a
«iO«M- Kiu-opeaii Mail, «>s-I<mi aud Kaat.... Q:*Ha.
6:o«pllay\vavili»,Nili:»uiid Han .lone 7s4«a
1H:«« i- Vallojo 17»4»r
6:OO.o Oregon i':x|>i'cHS,Hurrniiiculo, Marys-
vlllo, ISk-Llluk, I'ortlaixl, I'nijc-t
-. " Hoiiml and Kaat .................. B»»»A.-
?>A.V LEAMMIO AMI IIAVU'AHWrJ LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) . ' •
FoTooal. . ( ''';*
SsOOa Melrose, Seminary Turk, «!2 ! 13 A
I©:2oa WIMIU, Elmlmnit, \i\*%*
11:OOa Nan Ltßndro, South S*» 1 ? : 5? r
1 * :00 M I*andro,EBt«.]|llQ, {I**l
iby«op Lren«,,Cl,err, j «£s£
»loop - •"•> } 6:I&r
O:3Op H«,n.rd«. Jf|^
7:OOp 5f2 p
8:00p i -Runs through to Nile*. ! .fjiZ*
aBhw>KiiMa 8hw>KiiM -
.. COAST DIVISION (Nnrroi»Haiigt>).
(Foot of Market Street.) -
Mii£.la NeiT:iilt.<VnlriviTTr,.H : ii..loso,Fe!toii,
l!onUlcr<;r''cW,S».ntuC 'ruzaud Way
• Stations •«••»
►*ill»r Newark, Oonterville, San .lose, New
Almailon, Folton, Moulder Creek.
Santa Cruz ami Principal Way
Stations S ss*
4:13 1- Newark, Kan .lorn; and Los Qatos . . . 9:20 a.
1 1:43p Hunters' Ercuraion, : SaD Jose and
Way Stations .-•• »7:20p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
•m SIS FRIHCISCO— root of M»rket Str«et (Slip 8)— '" .
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:00 13:03
*4:00 v i¥ |S:3O *6:00 p.m..
■tmOAlUND— Fo»ttrßrcadw»7.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.M.
U2:00 -;.,«l:00 13:00 «3:03 ti:QO *S:OQp.M.
" . COAST VISION (Broad Gauge).
' .* (Third and Towneend Sti.) ' |
•«53A.Saii Joso ami Wny Btsvtiona (New
= ■ . : • Almadeu Wednesdays only) 6:534,
B:O»A Hau Joso, Trea linos, Mania Cruz, ->
<■ • f«;V- Pacilic drove, l'aso Kobks, San
: '■■ . ■'■ Luis Oliispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
:,. Principal Way Stations 4:15*
int<lOA San .logo ami Way Stations. ;;....... »8:00 a.
iI:3OA San Jose anil Way Stations ....... 8:3O*
*S:3oi>San Mat^o, Redwood, Meulo Park. .. t- V
•"->■• Santa Clara, Sun .lobe, Gilroy, .;
\C' ; . '■?'■': HolUster, Santa Cruz, : Salinas, >
" " Monterey and Pacillo Cr0ve...... MO:4oa
•8:1 Se San Jose and Principal Way lions •O:OOa
*4tlsi> San Jose aud Principal Way Stations • «:4«>a
»5:00p San Joso and Principal Way Stations l:3Op
S:3Or Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations s:!lUr
B::tOp'Sau Jobs and AVay Stations "... 7:JJOf
1:45p San Jose and Way Stations <;«Of
A for Morning. ~~~~ P for Afternoon. -
Sundays eieepted. J Sundays only, t Saturdays only.
i', Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
it Mondays and Thursday*. ■
I Wednesdays and Saturdays. _
AH FRANCISCO AND NOSTfi PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO. :
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN ; FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
'EEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: VMS.
B:SO, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:ai
and 11:30 p. m.
JNDAYS-a:00. ,9:80. 11:00 *. m.; 1:10. . *:Mu.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
•EEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.}
12:45, 8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ■ ■ • '
JNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:48, I:*X
B:00, 6:25 p. m. - . „ „ _^
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
.me schedule as above.
~Leave-, . ii,' *fr*»*' Arrive
an FraucUca i*£u San Franoisoo.
KTeek ! Sun- iv> B^tion pun ' I Weel£
3ay3. I ; days. PeaUnatlon days. ! days.
Boa.m. 8:00 a.m.) Novato, . 10:40 a.m. s : 40a.m.
i»p.m. 9:30 a.m. I Pctaluma. 6:lop.ni. 10:2axm.
ICp.m. !s:W)p.m- ! Santa Rosa- 7:85 p.m. 8:22 p.m.
~~- Fulton, ~ ■ - ■
»a.m. Windsor, 10:3oa.ia.
■ Healdaburg,
Lytton, '
Geyservllle, •
!op.Tn. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdale. i 7:35 p.m. 6:2?p.Tn.
1 lHopland and I - , ... •
30a.m.|8-OOa.m.| Ukiah. I 7:85 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
50a.m. 7~~ j .--..= I 10:25a,m,.
8:00 a.m. Guerneville. 7:35 p.m.
!op.in. I . l_ : 6:22 p.m.
JOaTm. 8 :00 a.m. Sonoma * 110:40 a.m.I. I B:ioa,m.
> .--:., and '
10p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. . fi:lop.m. 6:23 p.m.
'8:00 a.m. f seuastc-pou - 1 10 : 40a.m. 1 10: 25a. m.
»p.m. a :00p.m. I seoMlrpllll | 7 :35p.m. [ 7:22 p.m. ,
Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor. Mark ' West
(rings; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
overdale for the Geysers ; "at • Hoplaad " for
Ighiand Springs. . Kelseyville. .: Soda Bay.
ikeport an* • Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for :
;chy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue I.ake».
lurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Pomp, Pottsr
illey, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's, Buck*
ll's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvillft, Boonvllle.
•r's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort
•age Westport, 17 sal. - -
Saturday: to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
yond : San - Rafael ■at half rates.
Ticket - Offices— 6so Market street. - Chronlda
5^ d 'FOSTER.' B. X. RYAN.
, Pres. and Gen. Manager. ' Gen. ; Pars. Act.
BE SAN FRANCISCO SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY CIHPANY.
Frcm September 10. 1537, trains will ma m
illows: . ; : - " ._.;__. - ■ .
Southbound.' •- 1 ; • | Northbound.
'asßen- ) Mixed ■. St n - ; Mixed * i Pasaoa- -
ger . Sunday l= tta « on - Sunday ; ger
Dally . Exc'p'td — Exc'p'td J . Daily. ■
■30 a.m. ; 9:00 a.m." StocTiton ' 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p. m,
:10 a.m.; 12:60 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. .8:53 p.m. -
:4U a.m. •■ 3:50 p.m. Fresno a.m. , 2:20 p.ra
:40 a.m. ' 6:20 p.m. Hanford ; :45 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
:16 p.m. 6:45 p.m. ;_Visalla . ■ 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m
stopping at Intermediate i>o inta wnea r inn fro I
Connections— At btockton. with steamboats oJ
>N. &:I. - Co., leaving • San Francisco * and ■ ■
ockton :at■■• ' p. m. dally; ?at ,- Merced . with ;■;
ages to and from Snelllngs, Coultervllle. etc ,
so with stage for Hornltos, :- Mariposa. etc. ;
: Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
OUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
-j v: 1U- (Via Sausalito^ Ferry).:-.  ,
Leave '- San , Francisco, ■ commencing - Noveia.
sr IS. 1897:
Week Days — 9:30 a. m., 1:46 p. m. ■* : '
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a, m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from s Mill Valley. |L;-?»W»*|»»»aTOj
THOil. COOK '. & SON, Ageuta, ■ 621 ■ Marlul
reet, : Baa Francisco.
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver advanced.
Wheat and Barley futures higher.
Oats firmer and more active.
Rye advanced. Corn dull.
Hay tirm. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Rice steady.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Butter and Eggs steady.
Not much change in Poultry.
Lemons and Limes lower and weak.
Provisions dull.
Dried Fruits still neglected.
Hides weak. Wool and Hops flat.
Jluiton steady. Beef firm. Hogs lower.
Decreased exports of produce.
Twenty-two failures last week.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 22
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Terri
tories for the week ending yesterday, as com
pared with 32 for the previous week, and 17
for the corresponding week of 1597. The fall
• the last week are divided among the
trades aa follows: One fruit and produce cora
paaj 3 clothing, 1 shop manuiacturer, 1 com
mission, 2 hotels. 1 dairy. 1 merchant tailor,
1 xvinery, 1 sewing machines, 5 liquor, 1 fruits,
1 jewelry. 1 manufacturer's agent railway sup
plies, 2 grocers.
MONEY IN CIRCULATION.
The stock of money in the United States on
the Ist of March Is reported by Treasury of
ficials at $2.3ii6.590.305. of which $670,213,649 was
In Government vaults and the balance In cir
culation in the following forms:
Gold coin $ 6. r >3.854.852
Pilver dollars 59,020.504
Small silver 64.270.511
Gold certificates 36.440,789
Silver certificates 350.257.427
Treasury notes of 1890 ii 5.464,430
United States notes 264.184.158
Currency certificates 48.430.000
National bank notes 221.413.230
Total $1,726,376,659
March 1, 1597 1.675,694.953
Increase $ 50,681,70b
During the year ending as above there was
an increase of $37,000,000 in gold coin. $3,600,
000 in sliver dollars. S3.SCO.OGO in small stiver.
000 In silver certificates, $13,000,000 in
Treasury notes. $3,400,000 in United States notes
and $2.:bO,OoO in National Bank notes.
EXPORTS OF PRODUCE.
Exports of produce from this port during the
first two months of the year were $6,109,600,
against $6,906,200 during the same time in 1897,
and included $2,125,400 to Great Britain. $500,300
to China. 1914,500 to Japan, $389,000 to Africa,
S27S. O<K> to Australia. $1 05. 500 to British Colum
bia, 1632,700 to the Hawaiian Islands and $385,
600 to the Atlantic Coast.
OUR NATIONAL EXPORTS.
The following figures taken from the bulle
tin Issued by the Bureau of Statistics of the
Treasury Department show the value of the
principal articles of merchandise exported from
the United States during eight months ended
February t& Breadstuffs, $205,416,773: cotton.
H72.259.155: mineral oils. $27,453,759: cattle and
I t24.051.0a0;; provisions, 5125.158.655: total,
"*4. The value for the eight months
ended February 28, 1597, was J473.234.630.
HOW PRICES HAVE ADVANCED.
In the last issue of Bradstreet's is published
a table of comparative prices of 108 staple
articles, raw and manufactured, showing fluc
tuations from April 1. 1595, to March 4, 1838.
From this showing it is learned more than
one-half the articles mentioned advanced in
February and only 15 actually declined. Com
iare.l with low water mark in July last. 24 out
of the 106 an- lower in prices, but the decreases
were unimportant and in some cases due to
climatic influence.
EXPORTS OF LUMBER.
Exports of Lumber from this port during
the first two months of IKSB were 2.479.000 feet,
valued at $45,641, against 4.095,000 feet at $127,
484 for the same time in 1897.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ures at : tation indicate maximum temperature
lor the days; those underneath it. if any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow in inches
and hundredtlis during th« past twelve houra.
iKobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric preesure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres-
Bure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high In the interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars «xtend north
end south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars Of.
narked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
Jn summer and colder weather in winter. The
. reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
CUOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, March 18, 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Seeson. Season.
Eureka 0.00 B.OS 42.18
Rod Wuff O.'iO 12.08 22.67
Sacramento 0.00 8.55 15.77
San Francisco 0.00 s 7.52 20.30
Frewno Trace 3.71 9.50
San Luis Obispo 0.00 5.45 19.96
L..s Angeles 0.22 5.02 16.44
6an Diego 0.14 3.82 11.46
Yuma Trace 1.65 8.30
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 52;
minimum, 41; mean, 46.
V.EATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen slowly over the Pa
cific Slope. It has fallen over the upper Mis
souri Valley.
Heavy rain or snow has fallen in Utah and
Southern Wyoming;
The temperature has risen slowly over the Pa
cific Slope. It Is still below the normal through
out California and more than lv degrees below
the normal In Utah, Arizona and Wyoming.
Heavy and killing frosts occurred throughout
Calliornia this morning and conditions are fa
vorable for frost again on Saturday morning,
but less severe.
A maximum wind velocity of 28 miles per
hour from the south is reported at Idaho Fall*.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. March 19. 1898:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; frost in
the interior; light northerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Saturday, with
frost in exposed place*; light westerly wind.
Nevada— Fair Saturday; warmer north.
Utah— Fair Saturday: warmer north.
Arizona— Cloudy Saturday; warmer.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
light westerly wind.
Special report from Mt. TamaTpias, taken at
E p m.— Clear; wind northwest. 5 miles per
bour; temperature, 40; maximum, 43 degrees.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKETS.
NEW YORK, March 18.— To-day's stock mar
ket fluctuated over quite a wide extreme, first
upward and then downward, and with a later
'— *wery above the early high point. But it is
noticeable that the net changes were not very
large. The extreme dullness was a feature.
This and the character of the rumors which
affected the market Indicated the manipulation
of small professional traders, whose existence
depends upon a movement of prices, whether
up or down. The late rally was the feature of
the day and was significant of the nervous
waiting attitude of the speculative world. This
rally was founded on rumors as to what could
be taking place at the secret meeting of the
Cabinet in Washington. Compromise with
Bpain over Cuba was the burden of this rumor,
accompanied by the information that Spain
was perfectly wllline to grant everything on
the sole condition that her flag remains in
Cuba. The professional short sellers hastened
to cover open contracts on the strength of this
report and another to the effect that a dis
tinguished ofticvr of high rank in the United
States navy had expressed he opinion that the
Maine was destroyed by an Internal explosion
due to an accident. Business in the flurry
caused by these rumors was more active than
at any time during the day. but was not'on an
unusually large scale, especially considering
the wide movement of prices. Neither was the
rally well held, the reaction touching practi
cally all stocks and amounting to a substan
tial fraction in many cases. As for the open
ing spurt, it was largely assipted by the buoy
ancy of the local traction stocks', based on the
reported offer of the rapid transition to an
elevated company. The heaviness and dullness
were without the slightest interruption after
the opening spun up to the recovery in the last
hour. The relapse in Spanish 4s on the London
and Paris exchange was not reassuring. Not
withstanding yesterday's slight hardening In
the rates of exchange and the distinctly higher
tone In to-day's money market, further gold to
the amount of $9v0,000 was engaged for Import
to-day.
The bond market showed weakness in the
early dealings and a firmer tendency at the
close. Total sales, $1,300,000.
United States new 4s and the old 4s coupon
were % lower and the old 4a registered % lower |
bid.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 300.200 I
shares, including: Burlington, 25.760; Louis
ville and Nashville. 7050; Manhattan, 23.005:
Metropolitan Street Railway, 13.175; New York
Central. 6893: Northern Pacific. 7335: do pre
ferred 1fi,795: Rock Island. 9225 ;» St. Paul, 28,
066; Union Pacific, 16,804: Tobacco. 12,910; Peo
ple's Gas, 0060; American Sugar, 66,939.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison - 11% 3t Paul pref ..... 145%
Do pref 25% St P & Om 70
Baltimore & Ohio 17 Do pref 150
Canada Pacific .. "82% St P M & M 127
Canada Southern. 46 So Pacific 15Vs I
Cent Pac 12 So Railway 7% !
Ches & Ohio 19 Do pref 2GVi
Chi & Alton .... 150 Texas & Pacific. 9% :
Chi B & Q 90% I Union Pac pre»... 50%
Chi & E 111 53 |U P D & G 70% |
C C C & St L.... 27* Wabash 6% <
Do pref S2 Do pref 15
Del & Hudson ... 109 Wheel & L E 1% \
Del L & W 150 Do pref 9%
Den & X G 11 V t Express Companies —
Do pref 44 1 * Adams Ex 102
Erie (new) ....:.. 12% American Ex .... 120
Do Ist pref .... 34 T « United States 3S
Ft Wayne ....... 166 Wells Far«o ...:. 114
Gt Nor pref 149 Miscellaneous— * I
Hocking Val .... 5% A Cot Oil 16% !
Illinois Cent .... 99% Do pref 67% i
Lake Erie & W.. 13% Amn Snlrits • 7
Do pref ....... 67% Do pref .... 17%
Lake Shore .. ISS Am Tobacco 96%
i Louis & Nash ... 49% ' Do pref 113
Manhattan L .... 101 Va People's Gas 90*; 1
1 Met St Ry 1404 Cons Gas 179
Mich Cent 103% Com Cable C 0.... 165
Minn &St L 26 Col F & 1r0n.... I'M:
Do Ist pref .... 82%! Do pref 78
Mo Pacific 25% Gen Electric 32%
Mobile & Ohio ... 26 | Illinois Steel 45
■ Mo Kit T 10% Laclede Gas 42%
i Do pref .: 324! Lead 29
I Chi Ind & L...... 7 Do pref 101% !
Do 'pref 24 Nat Lin Oil 15
I N J Central 92 Pacific Mail 24
! N V Central 109% Pullman Pal 169% !
N V Chi &St L. 12 Silver Cert ...... 55
Do Ist pref .... 63 Stand" R & T.... 3%
Do 2d pref .... 30 Sugar ; : 119%
Nor West ....:.... 12% Do pref " 107
No Amer Co 5% T C * iron ' 19%
No Pacific 21 US Leather .... i%
Do pref 60% Do pref 57 1 ;
Ontario & W..... 14% U S Rubber .... 16%
Or R & Nay 44 Do pref 65%
Or Short Line.... 48 West Union 86
Plttsburg 168 C & f. W 117%, i
Reading 16% Do pref 174
Do Ist pref .... SM&ISt L & S W 4
Rock island ..... 83% I Do pref 9%
St L & S F C%iR <j W 23
Do Ist pref 64% j Do pref 54
Do 2d pret .... 25% Chi O W 9% 1
St Paul 89% I Haw Com C 0.....' 29%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 122 IN J C 5s 112
Do coup ..' 122" N' Carolina 65.... 125
US 4s 109% Do 4s 102
Do coup 11l No Pac lsts 116 '
Do 2ds 98% Do 3s 09%
U Scs reg 111% Do 4s 94%
Do 5s coup 111% N V C & S L 4s. 103%
District o.bSs .... 116 Nor & W6s 119
Ala class A 10S% Northwstrn cons. 144'
Do B _.10s% Do deb 5s -.. 115%
Do C 97 O Nav'lsts ...... 113V6
Do Currency ... 97 ONav 4s ........ 94
Atchison 4s 89 OS Line 6s tr.... 120
Do adj 4s 57% OS Line 5s tr.... 99%
I Can So 2ds 106% O Imp lsts tr.... 101
Chi Term 4s .... 82% Do 5s tr ...'. 55
C & Ohio 5s 114 Pacific 6s of 95... 103
C H & D 4%5.... 104% Reading 4s 80%
D&lt G lsts.... 110 R G W lsts SO% I
D & R G 45..... 89 SL& IM C 55.. 90% j
East Term lsts.. 105 SL& SF G 65.. 116
Erie Gen 4s 69% St P Con 140% !
FW & D lets tr. 67 St PC & P lsts.. IIS
Gen- Ele.c 5s .... 101 Do 5s 114%
G H & S A 65.. 102 So Ry 5s 89
Do 2ds .......... 103 Stan R & T 65.. 55
H &T C 5b.. :; 110 Term new set 3s. 85
Do con 6s .. 107 T&P L G lsts.. 98%
lowa C lsts .... 99% Do Rg 2ds 32
Kan P Con tr..... 99 ' II P D & G lsts.. 54
X Pac Ist DD tr. 131 % Wab Ist. 5s 106%
La new cons 45..' 101% Do 2ds 75%
Lft X ml 45.... 86 W Shore 4s lOSVi
j Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries ... 68
IMK & T 2d5..... 59% Do deferred .... 3% :
I•Do 4s ....... 86 D P pref EO% j
!N Y. Central 115% Do id ..„ 41%
MINING STOCKS.
1 Chollar .:.. 44iOntario 2 50
i Crown Point 11 1 Ophlr .. 40
Con Cal & Va 70 i Plymouth 08
Dead wood ' 75 Quicksilver .. 100
! Gould & Curry... 15 Do pref 200
: Hale.& Norcrs... 125 i Sierra Nevada 110
I Homestake .: 37 00 i Standard " 60
Iron Silver ...... 36 Union Con ... 30
Mexican '.;......'.. 25 I Yellow Jacket ... 25
. BOSTON.
BOSTON, March 18.— Atchison. 10%: Bell
Telephone, . 245; Burlington, 90% c; Mexican
Central. 5; Oregon Short Line, 2S.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 18.— Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock |
markets here were . Idle and featureless to-day
1 with a bullish inclination. Americans opened
j dull, became better on the ostentatious buying |
1 by a leading American house, gave way later |
i on New York selling: and closed weak. The
I report of the Naval Board of Inquiry on the I
! Maine disaster Is anxiously awaited. Spanish
'■ 4s were % lower. New York is said here to
be speculating considerably in that stock.
The Chinese loan prospectus is out. The de
| tails are as already cabled, but the only im
j portant point to note is that the loan is to be
I paid up as early as May 3. This doubtless in
: dicates the payment to Japan on May 8 of the
; entire balance of the indemnity of $12,000,000.
The ease in the London money market was
; increased to-day In the release of £500.000 of
I Japanese money from the Bank of England.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, 84%; Grand Trunk, 8%. Bar
silver, steady, *25% d per ounce. Money, 2 per
cent. -" - • ■ ■■' ■_
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March IS— Receipts,
;- 23,434; exports, 13,766. Moderately active and
i steadier . without material change. -' ■
WHEAT— Receipts 55.000; exports, 86,138.
Spot firm; No. 2 red. $1 04% f.o.b. afloat to ar
| rive, and $1 05% spot. Options opened firm at
; \ifa%c advance, and were strongly - sustained
all day by bullish market news -abroad and
: active covering on cold weather threatening
the - wheat .. belt. The export demand . was
light, but freight men reported another big
' demand for grain steamers, closed %@l%c net
higher: No. 2 March, $1 04%(fil 04%: closed,
j $1 0%; May, 99%c*?-|l 00%. closed, $1 00%.
WOOL— Dull.
PETROLEUM— DuII. .;-v'S ... iVh:; ,
— Business" on the Metal Exchange
i continues exceedingly- dull with. the exception
!of lead, l Prices show no • change ; whatever.
With. the close to-day quotations closed as fol
lows:
I PIG IRON— S6 75 bid and $6 85 asked.
LAKE COPPER— at $11 87% bid and $12
asked. : " ■ ■ ,
j TIN— at $14 20 bid and $14 30 asked.
i SPELTER— Steady at $4 17% bid an 1 !<4 25
i asked. • '
LEAD— DuII and : easy at $3 C.7-4 bid an.l
is 3 72% asked. The firm that fixes the settli.ig
! price for miners and smelters calls lead. S3 50.
i COFFEE— Options closed quiet nt unchanged
I to 5 points net decline. Sales, 13,530 baps, n-
I eluding: March, $5; May, $5 100.' 15. Spot ~of
! fee— Rio weak; No. 7 invoice, 5%^: No. 7, job
bing, 66 l»c.l »c. Mild, quiet; Cordova. B%@lßc.
I SUGAR— Raw, quiet; fair refining, 3%c; cen
i trifugal, 96 test, 4 1-16. Refined, quiet ■
BUTTER— • 3000 * pa=Kifres; firoi.
Western creamery, 15@19c; Elgins, 19o; factory,'
12© 15c • . . ..., ■'■<•:,
EGGS— Receipts, 9100 packages, easier. Wen
era. 9%c; Southern. . 10% @10% c. . ■ '• •, s r ,-. *.
DRIED FRUITS. . '/. . V
NEW YORK. March IS.— Calif >rnia Died
Fruits: Apples steady: other fruits quiet."
. EVAPORATED APPLES— Connmjn, fi-58t;
prime wire tray, 8%@8%c;- wood drlc-i prime,
i%(&SS%c: choice. B%@9c: fancy. J%>3>toe.
I PRUNES— f.Bc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, D%#7c; : MoorparK, S%@
10c. ■ • ' '
' PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@9c: peele-1, 12@16c.'
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET. V .
CHICAGO. March - Wheart , started firm,
July %c higher at 85%@85%c, ' and ( May • %c
higher at .$1 04%.'. It was raining | throughout
the West, in : - Itself | a depressing feature, "■ but
• freezing ! weather was t reported | In ' the North
west j and ' there . was ' a 1)a 1 ) good "deal of j apprehen
sion of the frost line extending over the water- ]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1898.
soaked winter wheat fields. Possible damage j
from this source did not at first result In a !
i great increase in the buying demand, but it ]
stopped the selling pressure, and shorts anxi- |
ous to cover found it necessary to advance j
their bids materially before securing the de
sired wheat. In the first forty-five minutes'
trading July was advanced to 85% c. Then
roalizing by scalpers caused a reaction to
85*80, where the market hung for a short time.
Alter that the market gradually became
stronger and trade broadened out consider
ably. Later advices from Liverpool showed
sharp advances both In cash and the deferred
futures. California Bent quite gloomy crop
reports, predictions being made that the crop |
would not exceed 2,000,000 bushels. That these |
reports were taken seriously in California was
evidenced by the number of covering orders,
both for May and July contracts, but espe
cially for the former, which were received from
that source. Private advices from the North
west said that stores there were nearly ex
hausted. The seaboard advices were of a bull
ish character, an improved foreign demand at
better prices being reported. The price of
July reached S6Vfcc on shorts buying. Realiz
ing caused a reaction to 85% c, but near the end
or the session advanced to 86*44i*6%c. closing
strung at M>V»c. Quite a large trade was done
in May. California shorts were especially good
buyers. Letter was a free seller, but the mar
ket was strong enough to absorb everything
offered and probably 500.000 bushels were dis-
I posed of by the Leiter people at prices around
I;i 05%. May sold as high as $1 00 and closed
! at $1 05%.
Corn was strong, though not very active.
May cloßed 14c higher.
Oats were fairly active and stronger in sym- |
pathy with other grains and on the unfavor
able weather. May closed Uc higher.
Provisions were very dull and on the whole
weak, though trading was too small to admit
of material declines. At the close May pork
waa 2%c lower and May lard and ribs un
changed.
The leading futureß ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March 103 103 103 103
May .'. 1 04>* 106 1 0454 105%
July 85% . 88% 65 66V*
Corn No. 8— . . ■ •
i May 29% 23% 29 29^
i July 30% 30V4 80% 30H
j September 31% 31% 81% 31%
Oats No. 2—
May 25V4 25% • 25V4 25%
July 23%. 23% 23V4 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May.. 9 92H » 92»4 9 87H 9 90.
July 9 97V4 9 97^i 9 92V4 905
Lard, per 100 It>s—
May 515 515 6 12tf El 5 :
July ...... 5 20
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 510 610 5 07& 510
July ...... 515
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, i
dull; No. 3 spring Wheat, 83%iJ?95c; No. 2 red, i
$1 02©l 03: No. 2 Corn, 2S«ic; No. 2 Oats, 26% c: j
No. 2 white, f. o. b., 2!>H@3oHc; No. 3 white, i
f. o. b., 2S@29c; No. 2 Rye, 49c; No. 1 Flax
seed. »1 IS; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 80; Mess '
Pork, per barrel, $9 &o@9 95; Lard, per 100 !
pounds, $5 10@5 12V>: Short Rib Sides, loose. !
$4 92^@5 17%; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed, 4%
©6c; " "Short Clear Sides, boxed, $5 25@5 40; [
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon, |
$1 19%. - - ■: :
Articles — Receipts. Shipments. ■ i
Flour, barrels .' 26,000 36.000 i
Wheat, bushels 77.000 " 85.000 ,
Corn, bushels .'. 2G6.000 138,000
Oats, bushels!.. 273.000 294.000;
Rye. bushels .10.000 2.000
Barley, bushels 47.000 45,000 |
On the Produce .Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 13<{rl8c; dairies,
10'^'gl6c. Cheese, quiet; B<g>B<4c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 9&c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— ' Bushels. Bushels. j
Minneapolis 166.140 95,040
Duluth 36.510 5.715
Milwaukee .... .....:.:..;.. 14,300 2.600
Chicago .'..'. 76.935 85,127
Toledo 20,434 3.000
St. Louis 8.000 10,000
Detroit 6.397 . 3.430
Kansas City 11,000 66.000
Totals 339,716 270,932 I
Tidewater —
Boston '.'. 10.833 I
New York 55.500 86,138
Philadelphia 4,005 1.834
Baltimore  24,000 SO.OOO
New Orleans 118.C00
Totals 94,333 285,972
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat—" March. May.
Opening 62 70 59 30 •
Closing 63 05 59 75
Flour-
Opening 28 80 27 50
Closing 29 05 27 65
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
March. May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening ....7 S»4 7 414 7 >4 6 bVi 65 7
Closing 7 9<6 7 4% 7 % 6 6% . 6 6"4
. ■ EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 18.— CATTLE— bulk of
'the ""beef steers sold' at $4 35(6 5 10, commoner j
grades bringing $3 90@4 23; stockers and feed- i
ers sold between $3 50®5 45; calves were slow
with sales at $6@6 50 ' for the best grades.
HOGS — There was an active demand for hogs
and prices averaged 2>£c higher at $3 70@4 10
for inferior •to choice hoes, the bulk of the
sales being at $3 87M:<i?4; little pigs, $3 15<g3 35; !
heavier pigs, $3 40<g3 85.
SHEEP— Common to choice, $3 25@3 75; sales
chiefly $4 2.'»'g4 65% : rams sold at $3 25@3 60. and
inferior to choice ewes, $3 50@4 50; yearling ,
Bheep. $4 50@5; . lambs, $4 40@5 60, with sales ,
chielly at $5@5 50; shorn lambs brought $4 25
@5. ...
Receipts— 3000; Hogs, 21.000; Sheep.
7000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, i Neb., March •• CATTLE—
ceipts, 2300. Market steady. Native beef steers.
$3 90®5 10; Western .steers. •$3 8604 60; Texas
steers, $3 2f>@3 90: cows and heifers, $3 40^4 20; j
stockers and feeders, $3 75<§5 10; calves, $4@6 50;
bulls, stags, etc.. ,i 50@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 4700. Market a shade
stronger; heavy, $3 70@3 85; mixed, $3 70<S>3 75;
light. $3 65@3 75; bulk of sales, $3 70rt?3 75. -
SHEEP— 3000. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives. $3 75@4 75; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 50© 4 60; common and stock sheep,
$3@4; lambs, $4 25<&5 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, March'IS.— CATTLE— Receipts, 600.
Market steady and strong; beef steers, $3 80<g>
4 50; cows, $3@4; feeders, freight paid to river.
jl@4 5214; stockers, freight paid, $5 10@4 70;
bulls and stags, $2 50@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 300. Market firm and 5c
higher; light packers, $3 70@3 80; mixed, $3 70
(g3 75: heavy, $2 60113 70. ■ .
SHEEP — none. Market steady;
good demand: good fat muttons, %3 25@4 30;
iambs, $4 25@5 20. .
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, March CATTLE— Re-
I ceipts, 400. Market steady; Texas steers, $3 25
<g4 70; Texas cows, $■"! 50@4 20: native steers,
$3 7506 40; native cows and heifers, $2 2534 55;
stockers and feeders, $3@5 25;. bulls, $2-0:4 65.
— Receipts, 10.000. ' Market strong to 5c
higher; bulk of sales, $3 65@3 §6; heavies. $3 50
@4; packers, $3 5563 90; mixed, $3 GOGS 90;
lights, *3 4a@3 75; yorkers, *3 70@3 75; pigs, $3 15
<S' 3 65. •. ■ ■
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market firm; lambs,
$4 25® 5 30; muttons, I3fr4 80. .'. ",V
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, March 18.— At the wool auction
sales to-day 14,191 bales were offered. The se
lection was good and was principally of greasy
merinos. There was animated competition be
tween the Continent and home trade owing to
the American buyers not operating. A small
selection of scoured sold briskly. Sales in de
tail: .
New South 'Wales— 44oo bales; scoured. Is %d
®ls sd; greasy, 6%@11d.
Queensland— l4oo bales; greasy, 6d@ls 4d.
Victoria — bales; scoured. Is Vid@ls sd;
greasy, 6@ll^id. ?
South Australia— l4oo bales: scoured, 10d@ls
2d : greasy, 10d.
West Australian— soo bales: scoured, ls@ls
2d; greasy, 7>(ii<.\\*<\. '
New' Zealand— bales; scoured, s%d@ls Id;
greasy, 6@lod. ■ . i
Cape of Good Hope and Natal-s-1000 bales;
greasy, 6V4®6Hd.
Buenos Ayres— bales; greasy, 5%@7d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND,. Or., March There* is noth
ing doing In the local wheat market and ex
porters are not eager for business, even at the
nominal : prices of .74@75c for valley and 77c for
blue stem and Walla Walla. There Is still a
large amount of Wheat In this city awaiting
shipment, with much more already bought in
the Interior, and with ' the present unsatisfac
tory shape of the foreign markets dealers are
confining their operations at -.putting . afloat
that which they have already purchased.
•Cleared — Steamship Argyll, for China and
Japan, with 29,130 barrels flour. 1225 bales cot
ton and 500 tons miscellaneous cargo.
- WASHINGTON. •
COMA, Wash., March 18.— Wheat, stronger
and higher, with upward, tendency; No. 1 club,
75c; No. 1 blue stem, 78c. 't . . ' '■-.[ '
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or, . March 18.— Exchanges,
$271,505; balances, $71,203. .'/. "V- "
: FOREIGN : MARKETS. .
LONDON, March 18.— Consols, 112; Silver,
25>4d; French rentes, 103f 25c.
J LIVERPOOL. March IS.— Wheat, dull; No. ■ 1
standard California Wheat, 3Ss 3d ; cargoes ' off
coast, buyers and sellers apart; ■ cargoes 'on
passage, : quiet and steady; English country
markets, quiet; French country markets,
quiet; Liverpool Wheat. No. -1 •- California,
7s 9H<3; Wheat .In Paris, -. firm ; Flour In Paris,
firm; weather in England;. warm and dry
COTTON— > 3 11-32 d. .
■ .•■: -: ■ :.7 CLOSE. .
'.: CORN— Spot American new, quiet 3s 4%d;
March, 3s 4Vid; , May, steady, 3s ■ 2%d; July
steady, 3s. 2d. ' " -•■ ~: ■--/. '■ \
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
: BOSTON, ', March .' 18.— The ' Commercial . Bul
letin ' will ; say to-morrow of the wool-market:
The market continues ; very '' dull. The ■' Cuban
situation has frightened * out ■ all markets. If
foreign markets continue to advance. it is poa
;■■-.-:.■ - ■ ' - ■ ■ S "m ■■ ■ ■ -. -• : > . ■■ .. .»i.L..:-, t/.
sible that some Australian wool now In bond
may be exported The fact that the dress
poods offered at auction by order of assignee ;
this week in New York brought in some in
stances less than half rates shows the lnad
vlsability of attempting to push sales. The
London wool •■ auctions advanced.- slightly on i
merinos. Xo reduction from. last weeks Bos- <
ton prices is to be noted. The only sale of or
dinary size was of 200.000 pounds of coarse ter- I
ritory on a basis of 42*'- The sales of the week i
are 999.500 pounds domestic and 475.000 pounds
foreign ; against 1 91 000 pounds ■ domestic and ;
304,000 ; pounds - foreign last week and 3,416,200 !
pounds domestic and 4,549.000 pounds foreign for
the same week ■ last year. ' The sales to date ,
show an Increase of 25.358,400 pounds domestic
and 21,242,300 pounds foreign from the sales to ;
the same date In 1596.
The receipts to date show an Increase of 20,
721 bales domestic and 72,264 bales foreign.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, March IS.— Bradstreefs Finan
cial Review to-morrow will- say : Prices con
tinued to break last Saturday, and in \ many
cases the figures reached were below the level :
of last November. There was a great deal
of liquidation and considerable activity on the
part of the bears, who were aided "by the free i
circulation of disquieting reports regarding the
foreign situation. On Monday, however, the
market responded to more . favorable views, i
London bought stocks extensively and there '
was effective support from large manipulative
Interests. The bears were forced to cover and j
prices rapidly regained their declines. The I
rally continued on Tuesday and Wednesday,
although the professional character of the trad-
Ing and the absence ■■: outside interests was
apparent. On Thursday the expectation that
the report on the disaster to the Maine would
reach the President and that important devel
opments in connection with the country's re
lations to Spain and Cuba were about to trans
pire, caused a reaction. Support was with
drawn and traders sold long holdings, while
the bear Interests showed renewed activity.
Under such pressure the market sold off again,
with' apparent readiness . and continued this
course on Friday.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. March IS.— The. following ta
ble, compiled by street, shows the bank
clearings at S7 cities for the week ended March
18, with the percentage of Increase and de
crease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
— Percentage —
Inc. Dec.
New York $ 757.077.216 44.9 ....
Boston 104,187.160 20.9
Chicago . . 99,862.906 31. ....
Philadelphia 69,986.489 22. 8
St. Louis . .. 25.504.500 16. ....
Pittsburg ... .. 18.279,303 40.0 ....
Baltimore ... 16,819,155 18.0 ....
San Francisco 15,125.543 31. S
Cincinnati 12.037,950 16.1
Kansas City 11.623.099 22.1 ....
New Orleans 10,355,256 16.4
Minneapolis 7.363.154 54.6
Detroit 5.933,810 7.5 ....
Cleveland 6.499.547 15.4
Louisville 7,532.367 .29.8
Providence 5,001,500 16.2 ....
Milwaukee 4,497,563 20.5
St Paul ..;.. 3,853.026 24.0 ....
Buffalo ■. 4,004,282 19.5 ....
Omaha 5.615. 36. ....
Indianapolis 4,690.395 43.2
Columbus 0....: 3.516,200 23.3
Savannah 8.588,481 43.3
Denver 3.377,118 46.1 ...-.
Hartford 2.338,347 6.8
Richmond ■ 2.431,507
Memphis 2,030.105 .... * 8.3
Washington 2,110.197 7.1
Peorla , 1.796.079 25.3
Rochester 1.525.782 26.1
New Haven 1.451.005 34.0
Worcester 1,502,472 10.0 .....
Atlanta ...... 1,555,985 20.4 ....
Salt Lake City 1,439.397 43.1
Springfield, Mass .... 1.454.131 9.2
Fort Worth ..'.... 1.930.510 14.6
Portland. Me .......... 1.431.0C6 31.0
Portland,' Or 1.527.414 74.5
St. Joseph 1.595.579 54.(5
Los Angeles .......... 1,531.633 41.7
Norfolk ...:.. 925.000 2.5
Syracuse 1.161.047
Dos Molnes 1.094.618 25.3 ....
Nashville 1,133.097 19.1 ....
Wilmington. Del 779.013 32.5
Fall River ..:. 818.339 12.7 ....
Scranton 721.033 3.G
Grand Rapids 999.320 la.B ....
AugUFta. Ga 704.153 .... 16.0
Lowell 650.126 24.7 ....
Dayton. O :... 78».19J 39.9
Seattle 1.973.862 307. ....
faenma 914.185 133.6 ....
Spokane 872.814 65.1 ....
Sioux City 573.W3 63.5
"New Bedford 403.671 24.4
Knoxville. Term 508.528 35.1 ....
Topeka'.... 534,605 23.3 ....
Birmingham 438.331 80.7
Wichita 489.805 23.4 ....
Binghamton 315.6P0
Lincoln ■ 206.553 .... 3.8
Lexington, Ky 331,531 1.8
Jacksonville. Fla 27R.%9 3.2
Kalamazoo 298.472 25.9
Akron 265.600 10.8
Bay City ........: 161.7.V) .... 5.8
Chattanooga 354.363 45.7
Rockford, 111 248.205 41.7 .»..
Canton. O 152.200 41.0 .... .
Springfield. 0 157.207 12.1
Fargo, N. D 17:1.699 25.1
Sioux Falls. S. D...... 114.048 153.3 ....
Hastings. Neb 110.258 44.7 .... ■
Fremont. Neb 119.6:0 128 8 ....
Davenport 630.0:»2 • 30.5 ....
Toledo.. ........ -'--1.450.843 14.3 .... ■
Galveston - 5.953.8C0 30.9 ....
Houston 5,149.710 3.5
Youngstown ...- -275,377
Macon 635.000
Kvansvllle 970.018 '..
Helena 575.373 ■■■■ ....
Totals. U. X n.«9.m.978 35.4
Totals outside N. V.. 502.025.792 23.3
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $14,352,203 65.5
Toronto 8.006,615 42.3
Winnipeg 1,344.126 66. a
Halifax 1.053.929 .... 5.9
Hamilton 653.040 19.1 ....
St. John, N. B 496.344 - 11.9 ....
Totals $25,806,353 47.4
i — ■ ;
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK, March 18.— Bradstreet's to
morrow will say: The aggregate volume of
the country's business continues sufficiently
large to allow of favorable ■ comparisons with
past periods alike in this and : preceding years.
Aside from a quieting demand at a few. lead
ing. Eastern markets, where uncertainty as to
the outcome of foreign complications is ad
vanced as a reason for unwillingness to em- j
bark in new business, the situation is one j
possessing nearly all of the favorable features j
noted for some time past. The best reports J
as to distribution In leading lines come from .
the central West and the Northwest. Favor
able weather has improved distribution of dry
goods, clothing, millinery, building materials,
agricultural Implements and nearly all other
products forming staple articles for consump
tion among the prosperous farming community.
The movement of iron and steel is specially
large, but without effect on' prices, which are
generally very firmly I held Some slight I ad
vances in plglron, in fact. have, been a feature
of the week at some markets. Southern iron,
manufacturers are active and , fruit and vege
table shipments promise alike to be early and
heavy. Distributive trade is reported increas
ing at the Northwest, navigation is practically
open on the lakes and the first of April will
witness a general movement of craft. Other
favorable features of the. country's general
trade situation are summed up in liberal ship
ments of leading cereals, unprecedented totals
of exports at New York, fewer business fail
ures and slightly larger bank clearings. Prices
have moved Irregularly during the week. The
position of print cloths Is a very depressed one.
prices during the past week • reaching the low
est quotation on record. While low grade cot
tons have been weak 1 the medium and finer
grades have, however, maintained prices, -as
have also coffee, sugar, molasses, iron and cop
per and raw wool. • ■ • , ' ; ■ ,
Wheat exports are smaller than last .week,
but considerably larger I than In . correspond
ing periods of preceding years, aggregating
3.625,684 bushels, against 4,494.000 bushels^ last •
week, 1,629,000 bushels last year, 1.502.000 bush
i els in 1896 and 2,998,000 bushels ln^lS&S.
! Business failures In the . United States this
week number 233, as against 247 last week, 231
In the corresponding week of 1597. 300 in 1596
and 252 In 1595. , , , _ ■ _
Business failures in the Dominion of Canada
number 23. against 31 last week and 36 in this
week of 1807. ______
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. March 18.— R. O. Dun & Co.'s
Review of Trade to-morrow will say. Neither
peace nor war reports have changed the on
ward current of business. " Orders for more
than $25,500,000 gold from Europe have blocked
any drift toward stringency. In rotes for
money and Treasury receipts of about $1,100,000
per day have kept in check any question about
currency, while exports of products have con
tinued with a rate considerably increased and
the demand for products of the" great indus
tries shows steady expansion. ;
Prompt action by the Senate, and House has
removed all • fear of embarrassment through
conflicting purposes at Washington. The Gov
ernment Is making ready without , any waste
of time, while frankly assuring everybody that
it j looks for a peaceful settlement and hopes
that its preparations may prove true. -
The backbone of the situation is the excess
of merchandise exports, more than 141(100,000 in i
February, with an increase of $2,200,000 in mis
cellaneous products. 100,000 in provisions,
$4,500,000 in cotton and $7.000.000 Jn breadstuff s
compared with last year, and $15,000,000 in all
products. In two weeks in March exports have
been 16 per cent larger than last year and Im
ports have gained but 8.7 per cent, although es
pecially swelled *by '■ receipts of India rubber,
I sugar and hides. .* The '■ outgo of cotton sur
passes all expectation, though the ■ price was
stronger this week, and the export demand ap
parently paid no attention ito market : fluctua
tions. Receipts from •: plantations continue
much better than "at :• the corresponding . date
from the largest crop heretofore produced, -so
that guesses about the future crop are now, the
main reliance of speculators. V.- „'■',,'' V
Wheat also moves In spite of all specula
tion. Atlantic exports. flour included have
been 1,824.569. bushels. ,' against 1.253. 390 last
year, and from Pacific '• ports 1.371,826 • bushels,
against 268,505 < last year, -..;. making for - three
weeks ■ from ;■' both coasts 10,659,125 : bushels,
against 4,538.441 last year. ; The price has varied
with conflicting reports, ; but closed ,%c higher
for the week. . . ■• "'' "■ ■• ■"■
Wool shows no change in quotations, though
I Eastern markets are extremely dull and" the In
j difference of manufacturers has made transac
| tions only 2.062.300 pounds, against 10.891.900 for
: the corresponding week last year and 5, 055, 200
for the corresponding week in 1892. The Lon
don market is rather high and holders In the
interior are expecting • a material advance in
prices. . . .- '•'. '..;;
Little encouragement appears • in the mar
ket for cotton Roods, with print cloths a six
teenth lower than a week ago and standard
grades undersold by many of less note. The
demand is large, but not large enough. In
■woolen goods, on the contrary, the material
advance In prices has raised the only obstacle
to increased transactions, and somewhat fre
quent cancellations indicate that dealers have
been disappointed In their distribution The
small yielding in wool may result In a greater
decline if this tendency in the manufacture
continues.
Bessemer pig and gray forge are both slightly
stronger at Pittsburg. the proposed combina
tion of valley furnaces helping, but pig Is not
changed In price elsewhere, nor are finished
products at any . point ■ excepting wire nails,
which are 5c per keg weaker, and steel rails,
i which" are said to be sold at $17 50 at the East
!by some establishments. Contracts have been
made for 10.000 tons with Eastern works for
domestic del very. 12,000 tons for Australia,
$000 tons, with 7000 tons •of bridge work for
South Africa, and the Illinois Steel-Company Is
filled up with orders ; for the year. The Car
negie Company has' 1 sold 0000 tons deck plates
to shipbuilders of England and several Chi
cago orders for plates exceeding 100 tons each
are reported for agricultural implements and
railroad manufactures' and projectile wo~ks.
The wire combination, having failed to effect
the broader combination contemplated. Is
; seeking to complete control of about 80 per
I cent of the wire outmit of the country. While I
activity Is great in the central and Western re
gions there Is less demand at the East.
Failure for the week have been 203 In the
United States against 21- last year, and 27 in
Canada against 50 last year.
THE LEMON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 18.— Journal of
Commerce says': Rather free receipts of Sicily
lemons within the past few days have not af
fected market values for the reason, "It Is '
stated, that the season of the largest consump
tion is close at hand and buyers everywhere
are said to be carrying small stocks.
Three vessels have arrived here within the
past four days, bringing a total of about 50,000
boxes. There Is. however, no pressure to sell
as a result of this, in view of the small stocks
in distributers' hands everywhere and a grad
ual Increase of consuming requirements. The
stock arriving is said to show good keeping
quality. '
Advices from the West are to the effect that
supplies of California lemons are being used
up and a considerable demand for Sicily stock
from that quarter is looked for In the near
future.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
- WASHINGTON. March 18.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $224,431,199; gold re
serve. $170,860,170.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight ...... — $4 81% ',
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — . 4 84% !
Sterling Cables — 4 B'% :
New York Exchange, 5ight........ — 15
I New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
i Fine Silver per ounce — 55
Mexican Dollars — 46
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — An advance ■at Chicago hardened
futures, as will be seen.' The market for spot
wheat remained as usual.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1:40® j
1 41!4 for No. 1, $1 42% for choice and $1 45@1 50
per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — o'clock— December —
$000 ctls. $1 33% ; 2000, $1 33%. May— l2,ooo
$1 41%; 2000, $1 41%: 12,000, $1 41%: 20,000. $1 41%.
Second session— May— ctls, $1 41%; 2000,
$1 41%; 4000, $1 41%: 6000, $1 42. December—
24.000, $1 33%; 4000. $1 33%; 200, $1 33%; 12,000
$1 33%.
Regular morning session— December — ctls,
$1 33%; 10,000. $1 33%; 20,000. $1 33%.
Afternoon session— May— 4ooo ctls, $1 41%; 8000,
$1 41%; 2000, $1 41%; 20,000, $1 42. December—
2000, $1 33%.
UARLEY— market j was firm but dull,
and futures were higher, as will be seen.
Feed, $1 10<jj 1 12% lor dark to good and $1 13%
@1 15 for choice; Brewing, nominal.-
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — o'clock — December —
8000 ctls, 98% c.
Second, session— December — 4000 ctls, 98% c;
2000, 99'-,,c. May— 2ooo. $1 09.
Regular morning session— May— l4,ooo ctls,
$1 09%; 6000, $1 09-V: 22,000, $1 09% ; 2000, $1 08%;
2000. $1 09. December— 2ooo. 9S?ic; 2000, 98% c.
Afternoon session— December— 2ooo ctls, 98% c;
8000. SSc. May— 2oCo, $1 OS%.
' OATS — market became suddenly firmer
and more active -estenlay, owing to the ad
vance in wheat, to unexpected ■ light receipts
from the north and to the high , price -of Bar
ley. Sales were -brisk at full -figures. ... «... .
Fancy Feed, $127% per ctl; good to choice,"
$1 20@l 25; - common, $1 15@1 17%; Surprise.
$1 27 1 . 2 32%; red, $1 3. r .rf?l 45; gray. $1 17%@1 20;
milling. $1 205T1 2" per ctl. -'
CORN — market shows no change of any
description. , •<•'
Small round yellow, $1 10<£l 12% per ctl; large
yellow. Jl Oofil 07%: white. $1 10<!Tl 12%.
RYE— Higher at $1 07<7il 10 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75421 So per ctl.
FLOUR AND JiILLSTUFFS. . '.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 £5@4 65; Bakers' extras, $4 30@4 40 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices.- in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour, $5 75; Cornmeal, $2 25; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3: Oatmeal, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4;
Hominy, $3 10<fi2 30; Buckwheat Flour. $4;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farnla, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 25
05 85; In sacks, $5 05^ 5 45; Pearl Barley, $4;
Split Peas, $3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
In spite of heavier receipts yesterday the
| Hay market was sustained without difficulty.
i Feedstuffs were unchanged. , 1..---
BKAN— sl6© 16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIB©22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, i $21(§'25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $28 30@29 60;
j Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 50@22 50; Cot-
I tonseed Meal, $28@30 per ton: Cornmeal, *23@
' 24; Cracked Corn, $23 50@24 60; Chopped Feed,
■ ' $17*518.
HAY— (Ex-car In round Wheat. $IS@
! 22 per ton: Wheat and Oat, -.517 50^21 B0: Oat,
, $17@19; Barley, $15615: compressed, $1S(J?21; Al
falfa, $10@12; stock, $12iJ?13; Clover. $12@13 50.
STRAW— 3S@4Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
All kinds remain as previously quoted.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 80@2 90; . Small Whites.
$1 50@l 60; Large Whites, $1 50@l 55: Pinks,
j $2 35@2 50; Reds, $2ig2 25; Blackeye, $2 40@2 50;
i Butters. $140(fil60; Llmas. f2®2 15; Pea, $140
@1 55; Red Kidneys. $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 75(?}3 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $2@2 50; Flax, $2 35; Canary
Seed. 2%(g'29ic per lb; Alfalfa. 3@6c; Rape,
2j?'2%c: Hemp, 3c; Timothy, 5%c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 40@l 65; Green, $1 60
@1 SO per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There were the usual fluctuations In Vege
tables. Garlic Is higher. Potatoes are quiet
and Onions weak.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 65@75c; River Reds,
50@60c; River Burbanks, 60@75c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 65®95c: Salinas Burbanks are
out: Petaluma Burbanks, 55@75c; Sweet Pota
toes, 25© 50 c per ctl for Rivers and 65c@$l for
Merced: new Potatoes, 3<@3%c per lb. '•-.'•.
ONIONS— SI 75@2 50: per ctl; cut onions, $1®
1 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 306 boxes As-.
paragus, 403 boxes Rhubarb and 256 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, 9<gloc per lb for fancy. 7@Bc
for No. 1 and 4(!Eirt>c for No. 2; Rhubarb,' 7sc@
$1 25 per box : Alameda Green ; Peas; -ttMc per
; lb: Mushrooms, 5@12%c: Marrowfat Squash,
out; Dried Peppers,- 6@7c per lb; Dried Okra,
15c; Cabbage, 60@75c - per : ctl: Carrots, 25@60c
per sack; Garlic, 5@5%c per.lb. :
Los Angeles String. Beans, ■ 10c; Tomatoes,
$1 75; Green Peppers, 1 . 30c per- lb; Summer
Squash, 8c; Egg Plant, 10c per lb; Cucumbers,
50c@$l per dozen. ■ . .
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
■■Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per. It) In lots of 25
Tbs; sliced .desslcated, 16@lSc; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; : Carrots, old, 13c: .new , 18c;
Cabbage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; • Turnips,
I 25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c. :
POULTRY AND GAME.
There is .not. much change in Poultry, one
way or the other. Stocks are sufficient for all
needs, and a car of Eastern : comes In every
day or so. ".
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@loc - for Gob
blei-E and 10(5 lie for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
I 12@13c per lb: Geese, per pair, . : $1 50<fi)l 75;
| Gcsllngs, $2 25<J?2 75; Ducks, $4@5 for old and
$6 50@8 for ' young; Hens, ,-; $3@4; . Roosters,
i young. $6 50@7 50; Roosters, old. •$3 50&3 75;
i Fryers, $656 50; Boilers,- $5@6 for large,:' s3 50<3>
450 for small; Pigeons, ,& l&2l &2 25 per dozen for
young and $1 25t??l 50 for old.. - ■■-.'
— Nominal.'
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions, and
the market is without feature at the moment.
■ BUTTER- '■':.. ■ - - ■-■- •.,.;-.
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 17%@18%c; sec
onds, lC@l7%c. : ■■■.-" ;♦•• > - . ■ . . :
— • — Choice to fancy, 15@16c; . second
grades, p 14@14%c ' per TT>. .-:
. Eastern Creamery, 16@16%c: ladle
packed, ; .14©15 c per -rb. • . -
, - CHEESE — Choice -mild new, 9c: common
to good, B@S%c; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young
America. 10©llc; Western, ll@12c; Eastern.
12%@13%c per lt>.
EGGS — Ranch Eggs, ; 12013 per .. dozen; store
Eggs, ll@l2c. ;: .--. . .
> • DECIDUOUS < AND CITRUS ] FRUITS. -
; . : There *islno •] change ■' . in • . anything except
Lemons and Limes,' which are dull and lower. -..;
, At : the Orange auction Navels • sold at 95c®
$1 85. Seedlings at 60c@$l and Lemons at 70c
P DECIDUOUS FRUITS- ' '^ M -
Apples 4(XSfOc per box for common, 60@90c
for good to choice and $I@l 25 for fancy. •
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1 50®
2 75- Seedlings, -75c@$l 50; Mandarins, $I®l 25
for large and 50@75c.f0r small boxes; Japanese
I Mandarins. $lgl 50; . Grape . Fruit, $1 50«*3 per
1 box; Lemons, 50@75c for common and $10150
I for ' good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4 50;
[ California Limes, in small ' boxes. 40(360c; Ba
j nanas, $1 25@2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, $3<g>4
! per, dozen. "-' •
j DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
I The undoubted damage to Peaches and Aprt
i cots by the severe frosts . has thus far pro
duced no effect on the market, which remains
flat. No serious Injury to Prunes has yet been
reported.
DRIED FRUITS— carload lots. 3%<3>
4«c for 40-60 I s. 3V£3%c for 50-60's. 2%@3^c
for 60-70' s, 2',4@2%c for 70-80' s,l*i@2 Vie for 80
; 90' s, l'A@l»«e for 90-100's; Peaches, 2Vi@Sc;
fancy. 4%#5c; peeled. 10!5?12%c; Apricots. j©6c
for Royals and 7@7%c for good to fancy Moor
arks; Evaporated Apples, 6?i@7%c; sun-dried.
4@Ec; Black Figs, in sacks. 2@2Vic: Plums,
4-. i-t\c for pitted and ISIHe for unpltted;
bleached Plums, 5@5%c; Nectarines, 4<g>sc for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2%@4%c for quarters
and 3(&'5%c for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— IVie'S-c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown 3%c for four-crown, 4%c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and $l@
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2%c.
Chestnuts are quotable at Sc per
Ib; Walnuts. s@6c for hardshell and «®7c for
softshell; Almonds, 2%tff3%c for hardshell. s@6e
for softshell and 7@Bc for paper-shell: Peanuts,
4@5%e for Eastern and 4M;C for California;
Pecans, 6%@Sc: Filberts, S%@loc: Brazil Nuts.
Btfl9c per Ib; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100. ■
HONEY— Comb. S@loc for bright and 6({J7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 4%@ j
sc; light amber extracted, 3%@4%0 per It).
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per Ib for
heavy. 9%c for light medium, 10% c for light, lie
for extra light and 12%e for sugar-cured; East- |
em sugar-cured ' Hams. 10%@11c; j California I
Hams,. 10c; Mess Beef , $9. per bbl; extra mess
do. $10; family do, $11@12; Salt Pork, $9; extra
prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess.. $16; I
Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 5%c per Ib
for compound and 7c for pure; pails, 7%c:
California • tierces, 5%c per Ib for compound
and 6%c for pure; half-barrels, 6&c: 10-lb tins,
7%c; do 5-lb, Be.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6H<??6%c: packages,
less than 300 lbs— pails, 60 in a case. B%e;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a j
case. S'/ic: 10-lb pails, 6 In a case, B%c: 50-lb |
tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, 7%c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half
bbls, about 110 lbs. 7%c per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
The weakness in Hides continues. Wool and
Hops are neglected.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
10@10V4c; medium. $t§;9\bc; light, 9c; Cowhides,
6c; stags, 6c; salted Kip, 10c; Calf, lie; dry
Hides, 16<??17c: culls and brands. 13@13%c: dry
Kip and Veal. 13%@14%c; dry Calf, 17%@19%c; !
culls. 16; Goatskins. 30@37MjC each; Kids. »@10c;
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c per Ib; me
dium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
20(J?30c each; short wool, 40 70c each; medium.
70090 c: long wools, 90c(S'$l 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3ff}-3%c per Ib; No.
2. 2@2',£c; refined. sc: Grease, 2@2Wc.
WOOL— clip— San Joaquin, defective, 7@
9c: Southern Mountain. 9<@:llc; free Northern. 12
@13c; do. defective, ?@llc per lb.
HOPS— crop. 2© 6e for poor to fair and 8@
10c for good: new crop, 11 14c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE. \
BAGS— Calcutta- Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $10 per ton; New Welling
ton, $10; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Wallsend, $9; Scotch. $10; Cumberland, $10 I
i in bulk and $11 50 in sacks; Pennsylvania An- I
thracite Egg, $15; Cannel. $10 per ton; Rock
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60;
Coke. $12 per "ton. in bulk and $14 in sacks. .
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been four arrivals from Washing-"
ton with 10.450 tons of coal, two from British
Columbia -with 7917 tons, one from Oregon with' ;
4EO tons; total, 18.817 tons. This amount is !
only one-third of the quantity delivered last i
week, yet there Is no apparent scantiness for !
general uses, hence there Is no change of j
prices. We have had no foreign arrival since !
[ February 28, still there is a sufficiency for the j
moment for all immediate requirements. There
; may be a pinch for fuel and a hardening of
I values for all kinds about July or August next,
j when most of our sailers (coal carriers) on the
coast will be diverted to the Alaska business,
! carrying coal and merchandise there. Besides '
: there may be a rush of colliery employes to
! the mines and it will take time to substitute
I them. This of course will only last for a few
1 months at most, until the Yukon Is frozen
again.
' "Freight rates on ' coals , from . Australia and
England are firm, with an advancing tendency,
as the charter rates for loading grain outward j
from here are depressed, hence there is no en- [
couragement for tonnage to- head this way. It i
Is- becoming very late In the season- for any
future material benefit to emanate from rains.
We are now within three months of our wheat i
thrashing, . with a discouraging outlook in the
major portion of the State." • • -
RlCE— Chinese mixed. $4 25©4 30 per ctl: No.
1. $4 60(ffi4 80; extra No. 1. $3@5 20; Hawaiian.
$5 1!%@5 26; Japan. $5 10@G 15; Rangoon, $4 25.
' SUGAR— The Western Sugar , Refinery Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6Hc; Dry
Granulated, 5%c: Confectioners* A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A, sVic; Extra C,-5%c; Golden C, sc;
Candy Granulated. s?ie; California A. a%c per
Ib; half barrels %c ■ more than barrels, and
boxes. %c more. - ' ■
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are still lower and weak at the decline.
Mutton and Lamb are steady. Beef Is firm,
but no higher.
Wholesale rates for . dressed ; • stock from
slaughterers are . as follows:
— First quality. 6>-2(g7c: second quality,
s%©Gc; third quality. 4®sc per lb. i
VEAL— Large, 6<g6%c> small, 7@7%c per lb.
MUTTON— 9c; Ewes, S%@9c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10@llc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4^l 1 1 *c ■ for large, 4Uc
for small and 4 ] -jc for medium; stock Hogs,
3@3%c ; dressed Hcgs, 6<gt!M:C.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. March IS.'
Flour, qr sks ... 4.960 Hay, tons . 503
Wheat, ctls 350 j Straw, tons 20
Barley, ctls 2,275 ; Powder, kegs ... 145
Beans, sks '.. 306 ' Lime. bt>ls ...... 201
Corn, ctls 395' Pelts, bdls ...... 70
Butter, ctls 249 j Hides, no 644
Cheese, ctls ..... 60 Eggs, doz 17,190
Middlings, sks .. . 220 1 Quicksilver, flsk. 183
Potatoes, sks ... I.SSSj Leather, rolls ... 50
Onions, sks - 177 : Lumber, ft 30,000
Wool, bales . . 43 Wine, gals ...... 50.400
Hops bales '. 53
WASHINGTON. . .
Flour, qr sks ... 2.276 Oats, ctls • 1,490
Wheat, ctls 600 Bran, sks 3,400
Barley, ctls 310 I FlaxE-eed. sks .... 503
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter and Eggs sell at about last week's
prices.
Meats and Poultry are unchanged.
The Summer Vegetables are being kept back
considerably by the continued frosts, but with
warmer weather they will soon be in large
supply.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel .. ..$ Ul2 00 ! Castle Gate. 9 50@10 00
Wellington . @12 00 ; Pleasant VI. 11 00®
New Welling- iSouthfield
ton ©12 00! Wellington @12 00
Seattle 8 50@ 1 Coos Bay @ 7 50
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per 'Common Eggs..l2%@—
square 40^45 'Banch Eggs, per
Do. per roll 3.Va37 doz 15@_
Do good SO 1 ?— Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Cal 10@12 I lb 12@15
Cheese. Kastern..l.V(j2» Do, extracted. .. B©lo
Cheese. Swiss 20®30 i
" Meats, per pound —
Bacon .........12@17 Pork, fre5h........ 12@15
Beef, choice.. 12@13 Pork, 5a1t."........10<5'12
Do, g00d......... 8010 Pork Ch0p5. .......12@13
Corned Beef ...... 8(S10 Round Steak. .....lO@—
Ham, Ca1.......12%@15 Sirloin Steak....
, Do. Eastern....— Porterhorse, do.. 17@20
Lard ...12@15 Bmoked Beef — <ftlj
Mutton ...:. ...11*5)12 pork Sausages —
Spring Lamb 150 — I Veal . ..'....12015
' Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, 1b.......12<(p15 ] Limes, do» Q>ls
Apples, 1b.. ....... 3© 5 Oranges, doz loifjMO
Bananas, doz 15&20 | Raisins, 1b. ...... s@io
Lemons, d0z....V..20@23 ; Walnuts, lb ..l&tf—
Poultry and Game— •-. '. . \
Hens, each.... 50® 60! Turkeys, pr lb , IS® 16
Young ; Roost- I Ducks, each. . . 6i® »5
ers each . 60® 75! beese. each....l 25<8>1 75
Old ' Roosters, : • I Pigeons, pair. 25@ 50
ca ehc h ;.. 50® — ! Rabbits, pair. «-40
Fryers, each.. «MI — I Hare, each:...- — © ( .M
Broilers, each. 35® 40 i Wild Geese, pr 40® "50
•Vegetables— ; „ • -■■'■
Asparagus, 1b..... 8515! Dried Okra, 1b....—
Artichokes. d0z... 50<& 75 Onions, 1b..:...... 4& 5
Beets, d0z.r......-12J}'i5 Peppers, dried. 10?il2
Beans white, lb. 40 5 ' Do green,'- 1b...:. 402250
Colored 1b....... * ( (t 5 Potatoes, 1b.:...:. 2<Q> 3
Lima 1b..:...... 5^ 6; Parsnips." doz.....ls@2o
Cabbage, each . . . . 6@lo ! Do. Sweet....... — Si 3
Cauliflowers, each s@lo Rhubarb, 1b....... 5@ 6
Celery bunch s®- ' Radishes, dz bchs.luwU
Cre«s floz bchs.. -20©15 Sage. !b .......... MM
Cucumbers, dzl 0001 50 String Beans. 1b..20@_
r«>en Peas 1b.... 5@ 6 Thyme, lb. ...2uySo
Le^t fb^....... 64» S ' Turnips, d0z...... 150*0
Lettuce, doz-.....15«23 Tomatoes, 1b......10@15
Mushrooms, 1b....10®20 - v ; . '.">.;
'■f Piah per pound— • • ' ' • ' .
:: ::::::. : : ? BS"..:™*
Wprrfn* 7 ..%....... B(fr JO | Skates, each...... S<SIO
Halibut ' 12© 15 Sturgeon .:... 10012
Kingrtsh .......... ©10 Tomcod 10@12
Mackerel" .........— Clams, ga1...".....— <ff50
'- Do Horse.......— <&— Do, hardshell, 100.50<u>—
Perch :.. ;...10®12 i Crabs,: each...... ..12@15
Pompano ...:.. ..1 50#— ' Do. - softshell. dz.25(?35
Rockflah ...... ....12@15 ; Mussels,-qt.'..."....10(ai2
Salmon, smoked.. i Oysters, Cal. 100.40(5'—
Salmon," fre5h... :.12@15 Do, ' Eastern, d0z.20@40
Shrlmpfl .........; B©lo .. -..-;
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were lower yesterday, with the
exception of Occidental Consolidated, and the
tendency downward was marked.
The Consolidated St. Gothard Mining Com
pany of Nevada County has levied an assess
ment of 15 cents per share delinquent April 19-
The annual meetings of the Pacific and Sun
set Telephone and Telegraph Companies have
been further postponed to March 24.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
'- •'■■'■■ FRIDAY, March 18—2 p. m.
. : Bid.Ask.l Bid. As*.
U 6 Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 50 —
: 4s quar coup.. ll* — Pac Gas Imp.. 8S 90
4s quar reg..Ho — , Pac L C 0..... 53 •>*■*
! 4s quar new.. — ' S F O & E.. -Sv* SO*
i Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% «
j Cal-st Cab 55.H3 — Stock Gas 10 —
Cal El 65......126H — , -Insurance—
!C C Wte 55... 102% — ~irem's Fund. 195 —
: Dup-st ex c. — 93% Bank Stocks— -
EL & P Gs..l2S 12.-t Anglo-Cal .... — 67
F&Ch Rv 6s. — 117 Hank of Ca1..24< 243
i Geary-Bt R ss. — 102 Cal SD & T.. — 104
iHC & S 5%.. 105 First i. at ■■•■2OO —
!LA LCo Cs.. — 10U Lon P & A. ..130 —
j Do gntd 65. .100 — Mer Exchnsre.. — 16
1 Market-st 65. .127 — Nev Nat -8...i50 —
Do Ist M a5. 113^114 Savings Sanks—
I Nat Vln 6s Ist - 100 Ger S^& L.-1620 }™»
N;C Ng Ry 102* — Hum & L.IOCO 1160
NRy Cal Gs..lliu _ Mutual Say. 35 40
NRy Cal o*.. 102* - S F Say U.. - 500
NPC R R 65.104Va - S&L So ... - 100
NPC Ry 58.101 — Security SB 200 —
N Cal R 55.. - - Union TCo WOO -
Oak G^s 55... 100 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d Is 55. .109% — California •••■ l °B —
Ora Ry.6s 127*130 Geary "•„„>;
jP& O6s 110 — Market-st .... 52% 53
P&Ch Ry 63.108^ — Presidio 5 8^»
Powell-st.6s ..117% — ■ Powder- *
Reno WL&L..IOO — California •••• 1 5 —
Sac Elecßyss. — 100 E Dynamite... 84 95
SF& N P 55.106 106% Giant Con Co. 41 7 * —
S P of Ar 6e. .104 104Mt Vigorlt - 3% '»
8 P Cal 65.... — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. — 99V, Al Pac Assn.. -~ 99
S P Br 6s 112Mill3^ Ger Ld Wks..loo 150
S V Wat Ss... — 11754 Hana P C 0... 17% —
S V Wat 45...102*(,102'! H C & S Co.. 30V* 30_4
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 Vi Hutch S P Co. 46* 46 4
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 63 62% Nat Yin C 0... — <H
Martn Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 58 58%
Spring Val ...101%101% Pac A F L.. 1% —
Gas & Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 97% —
Cent Gaslight. 98% — Par Paint Co. 7,| — ||f
MEL Co — 13% . . .
Morning Session.
175 Hutchlnson S .P Co 46 75
100 do do s9O 46 50
50 do do ...46 62%
100 Oceanic Steamship Co 5S 00
32 Spring Valley Water 101 2o
10 do do .-101 12%
COO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 50
600 ■ do do 30 62%
15 Oakland Gas 60 00
50 Vigorlt Powder 3 z =>
Afternoon Session.
$1000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 106 25
62 S F Gas & Electric Co 90 00
10 Bank of California 247 50
10 Spring Valley Water 101 25
50 Vigorit Powder 3 25
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 31 00
180 do do 30 87%
15 • do do; 30 75
200 Oceanic Steamship Co 58 00
130 Hutchinson S P Co 46 75
5 Pacific Lighting 63 7o
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s Bonds 102 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
60 Pacific Gas 89 60
10 Oceanic Steamship 'Co 68 25
15 do do 58 12%
$5000 Market-street 5s 113 37%
Afternoon Session.
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 68 00
20 S F Gas & Electric, a 10 90 00
. * Street— •
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 46 50
50 Hawaiian C & S C 0... 30 62%
50 do do 30 75
-". MINING SALES.
Following were ■ the • sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha ........... 08 ! 150 Justice 33
300 Best & Belcher 31 11001 100 Overman 12
300 Choi lar 47 300 Potoai 40
100 48 i 600 Sierra Nevada. .115
200 Con Cal & Va 78 1 100 Standard 160
lOw Crown Point ... 13 | 200 Union Con 36
', Afternoon Session.
, 500 Belcher I 22 i 250 Occidental 2 45
! 300 Best & Belcher 30 200 Ophir 42
! 300 Bullion 09 ! 100 Potosi 40
' 300 Caledonia 28 j 100 89
; 750 Con Cal & Va.. 75 ; 200 Savage .......... 24
; 100 Crown Point ... 131100 25
50 Gould & Curry.. 19 ; 300 Sierra Nevada.. l 15
50 18 500 Union Con 36
SOO Justice 24 100 Utah 10
! 300 Mexican 30 600 Yellow Jacket.. 25
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock:
j Board yesterday:
- . Morning Session.
200 Alta 16 J 200 Occidental 2 40
500 Belcher .......... 25 200 Ophir ..., 44
200 Best & Belcher 31 1000 ..;..•..:.;;: 43
1300 Bullion ........ 10 700 Potosi .., . 40
: 200 Challenge ....... 28 i 200 Savage 25
500 Chollar 45 1100 Sierra Nevada. 15
300 4S 1350 112%
700 Con Cal & Va.. 78 ' 700 1 17%
| 700 Crown Point ... 14 400 Union Con 35
• 1000 Gould & Curry. 18 300 37
i 200 Hale & Norcrs.l 40 300 Utah ..'. 10
j 100 Mexican 32
. Afternoon. Session. . ■ j
300 Alpha 081 100 Occidental 1 ilf^
500 Belcher ...... 24 300 Ophir ; 43
400 Best & Belcher 30 900 Overman 11
300 Bullion C 3 500 Potosi 40
200 Caledonia 600 Sierra Nev ...112%
200 Chollar 44 1050.... 115
100 Con Cal & Va.. 76 200 117%
200 .' 77 200 Union Con 3ft,
300 Crown Point ... 13 550 Utah 10
200 Justice 28 400 Yellow Jacket., 23
200 Mexican .31 •
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
■ . r ."-.:: : :-. .-■ .
FRIDAY, March 18—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha ..07 OS Julia 01 03
Alta .; 15 16 Justice 30 31
Andes 10 11 Kentuck 02 04
Belcher 22 24 Lady Wash ... — 03
Benton — 18 j Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher 30 31 Occidental 250 —
Bullion ........ 09 10 Ophir 42 43
Caledonia ..... 27 29 Overman 10 11
Chollar 45 48IPotosl 40 41
Con Cal & Va. 76 77 Savage 24 25
Chalelnge 23 28 1 Peg Belcher ... 04 06
Confidence .... 65 70 Scorpion 06 —
Con Imperial.. — 01 1 Sierra Nevada.l 15 120
Crown Point .. 13 14 i Silver. Hill .... 02 03
Con New York. 01 02 Syndicate 01 05
Eureka — 25 Standard 160 —
Exchequer :... : 05 07 1 Union Con .... 87 38
Gould & Curry. 18 19 Utah .. ..... 10 11
Hale & Norcrs.l 40 145 I Yellow Jacket. 25 27
THE CALL C-x-ENDAR.
March. IS9S.
•li
13
14
21
23
Mo
1
We Th.
2 3
9 10
I 16 I 17
! 23 ! 24
j SO j 31
Pr.
I
11
—
IS
sa.
a
Mar. 11.
15
2!
■
! y~. New Moon,
\Xp Mar. 21
: -m First Quarter,
25
| 36 |
STEAMEHS TO AltHl* E.
Samoa Huniboldt
Empire ...... Coos Bar.,
Arena Coos Bay -
Homer HumbO'llt
Weeott Humboldt
Burma ' Nanaiiro
Mackinaw Tacoma
Valencia:. Alaska
Crescent City.. i Crescent Cltv
North Porn tiumooldt
Columoia Portland
Bristol Departure Bay
Pe1vic. ......... China and Japan
SantaKoaa San Dleiro
C010n........... Panama .... ••••"■•
City Puebia. . . Victoria and Pnjrot Sound
Cobs Bay Newport
State of CaL... Portland ....
P0m0na..;...... San Diego •■•
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I
■ATIOXi
Sails.
J Pier.
Pier 11
Pier l«
Pier 3
Pier »
! Pier 13
I Pier 9
; Pier 31
PM S3
Pier 7
i Pier 3
i Pier 11
Pier "ii
Pier 2t
Pomona.... San Diego jMar 20.11 am
Arcata Coos Hay Msr 20. 10a»i
Dlrlfro Alanka I Mar 21. ' PM
Homer Uumbolcu.... Mar 21. lit am
Samoa Humcoldi .... Mar 22. 9am
Weeott Humbuit Bay. Mar tt ■'.*»
Umatllla ..Vic & Pet SndjMur 22. 10 am
Columbia.. I Portland.. Mar 22. 1U a»i
China Chlna.fcJapan.|Mar 23. 1 p.m
Monna Australia Mar 23. I p.m
North Fork HumDoldt.... jMar U. i» am
Santa KosuiSan Die*o Mar 24.11 am
Valencia...! Alaska i Mar 25
Coos Bay.. Newport iMar 20. 9 AM
S;ata of Call Portland Mar 2ti. )U am
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, March
18. 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c.. at noon of th«
120 th meridian, or exactly R p. m.. Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. in charge^
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the X'nlteii States HvdrograpWc^
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange. I§^
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit o*
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts an<l sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes befor*noon and -.Is dropped at noon. • 110 th meridian.
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal. .
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, If any. Is
published- the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the moraine papers the follow
ing day. w. B. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N'.. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
T.nited States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of Hiph and Low
waters at Port Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MAKIII i-. 1 ■•.
Saturday. March 13.
Pun ri"WB 6 05
Sun sets. (ill
Moon rises i:27
iTlmej Feet TVmej Feet |Tlmej Peet JTlmei Feo .
il \vi h w r. wl m wj
21
2:65
3:45
4:31
»:16
5:59
H W
0:1:.
2.4 1 «:lw
1.8 9:65
1.4 1 >:*>
l.< 11:3
V* 12:2 !
L Wj
5.4 <;::»
....i| 3:31
5.4 4. 10
5.4 4 :f>3
5.2 5:27 1
iU 5:i9l
II Wj
0.4 1 :2(l I
0.01 10:161
0.2' 10:48
O.ti 11:17]
1.l ll:*- -
1.6 ....
C. w
4/ 'r, xi
I
i ' '
21
2.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tiiie of .the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
I nlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign <— ) precedes the helcht
and then the number s?iven Is subtractlve from
the depth given by the charts. The plan of
reference is the mean of the lower low water.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. March 18.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, 59% hours from San ■
Stmr Umatiila. Cousins. 59 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Ptmr Washtenaw, Croscup. 80 hours from Ta
coir.a.
Btxnr Greenwood. Fagerlund. 21 hours from
t pal.
Schr Nettie Low. Low. 6 hours from Point .
Reyes.
Stmr Westport, Hansen. 29 hours from Fields
Landing.
CLEARED.
Friday. March IS.
Stmr City of Sydney. McLean. Panama, etc;
Pac Mail Steamship Co.
SAILED.
Friday. March 18.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall. San Pedro.
Stmr New England, Small. Vancouver.
Stmr State of California, Green. Astoria.
Stmr Lacuna, Peterson. .
Stmr City of Bydne" McLean. Panama.
Ship Prince Robert. Hanson. Port Townsend.
Schr Lysnan D Foster, Klllman, Port Blake
ley.
Bohr Ruby A Cousins. Knudsen. Coos Bay.
Schr North Bend. Schmehl, Willapa Harbor.
Schr Dora Hluhm, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Schr H C Wright, Olsen. Unalaska.
Schr Daisy Rowe. Wilson. Tillamook.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Colstrup, Stewarts
Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March IS. 10 p. m.— Weather,
clear; wind W: velocity. S miles.
SPOKEN.
.Tan 19— Lat 10 S. lone 33 W, Br ship Drum
alls, hence Oct 2S. for Queenstown.
Feb 12— Lat 4 S, long 3o W, Ger ship Rob- I
crt Rickmers, from Tacoma. for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The caxga of the wrecked ship New York
■was sold at auction to-day to J. Pantoskey for j
$5600.
MEMORANDUM.
r<?r schr Annie M Campbell from Newport — j
On passage down when in lat 45 N, long 129 3S '
W. passed some wreckage, a piece of vessel's :
k"' '. about 30 feet long with about 10 feet of I
stem post attached, a knee and several large
Iron tolls protruding.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FEATTLE— Arrived March IS— Stmr Hum
boldt, b»nce March 14.
ASTORIA— SaiIed March IS— Stmr Columbia,
for ?an Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed March IS— Stmr Samoa, for
San Franicsco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived March 18— Nor stmr
Peter Jebsen. from Nanaimo; H B M etmr
I'heasant. from cruise.
FORT ROSS — Arrived March 18 — Schr La
Chilena. hence March 17.
ALBlON— Sailed March 18— Stmr Cleone, for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived March 18— Stmr Co
quille River, hence March 17.
EVERETT— Arrived March 18— Schr Pre
mier, from Hueneme.
Sailed March IS— Bktn Catherine Sudden, for
San Francisco.
E. STERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared March 17— Stmr i
Laurada. lor San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March I— Br ship
R'Utenburn, hence Nov 11.
Sailed March 17— Nor ship Hiawatha, for :
Dunkirk: Br tark Moel Kilian. for Westport. '.
March I—Nor1 — Nor bark Stjorn, for Liverpool.
MA/.ATL AN -Sailed March 16— Stmr Colon. .
for San Francisco.
COMOX— Sailed March 17— Ship J B Brown,,
for Port Townsend.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 14— Br stmr Co
lumbta. from Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 17— Br ship
3. '.hwell. hence Oct 1.
KINSALE— Passed March 17— Br ship Car- '.
diganshlre, hence Nov 2. for Queenstown.
ROSS POlNT— Passed March 17— Br ship
Scottish Lochs, heno • Oct 30. for Liverpool.
LlZAßD— Passed March IS-Br ship Balmoral,
frr.m Tacoma. for Queenstown.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March IS— Br ship
Silberhorn, from Victoria.
GRlMSßY— Arrived March 17— Br ship Falls
of ■ hence Oct 23.
FALMOUTH— Arrived March 18— Ital ship
Cavaliere Ciampa, hence Nov 5; Br ship Olive
bank, hence Oct 27.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAMBURG — Arrived March 18— rftmr Bohe
mia, from Baltimore.
ANTWERP— Arrived March 18— S;mr Ned«r-
Isnd. from Philadelphia.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March IS— Stmr Cuflc.
from New York; Btmr Lucania, ir-im New
York.
NAPLES— SaiIed March 18— Stmr Emu, fcr
New York.
HAVRE— Arrived March 18— Stmr La Gas
ecgne.. from New York.
MARSEILLES— SaiIed March 18 — Stmr Bur- ;
gundy, fcr New York.
BOSTON— Arrived March IS— Stmr Pavonia, j
from Liverpool.
MARSEILLES — Arrived March 18 — Stmr j
E' ani'.ia, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived March IS— Stmr Cam- ■
par.ia. from Liverpool. j
ANOTHER ATHLETIC SQUABBLE.
Freshmen Athletes Charge Traci
Captain Brown With Having
Acted Unfairly.
BERKELEY, March IS.— Freshman
Track Captain Roy Woolsey has revolted i
against University Track Captain Everett
Brown, and another athletic squabble is
threatened at the University of Califor
nia. Woolsey claims that Brown acted
unfairly in the freshman-sophomore field
day last Saturday by starting the men in
the half mile run before all the contest
ants were ready, and. In eo-nsequence, the
freshman sprinter refuses to train with
the Varsity squad under Captain Brown.
Several other freshman athletes have
Bided with Woolsey, and they intend to
train by themselves. Brown explains that
he insisted on promptness in starting tho
field day events in order to get through
In time for the baseball game between
the Varsity nine and the Santa Clara
team.
Editor Hopper of the Occident has come
to Brown's defense, and severely scores
the discontented freshmen for their ac
tion. He says in to-day's issue of the
college weekly:
"The track captain was endeavoring to
run off the field day within a reasonable
time, and all spectators who like not
half-hour recesses between events are
grateful to him for his efforts. The men
had all been warned beforehand and had
themselves only to blame if not on time.
But whatever the merit of the cause, the
action of the disaffected men is not to
be countenanced for a minute, and the
entire college must make them under
stand this. We do not want men of such
spirit on our teams, even phenomenal
athletes. California has had enough of
discontents, and growlers, and balloon
headed youngsters. She will have none
of them. May they sulk in their tents.
sulk there in the company of their ran
corous thoughts till the roof rot over
their heads. The battle will go on ail
the more vigorously without them."
Newsom's Claim Approved.
OAKLAND, March 18.— Architect Nem
som's claim for 4 per cent of $3500 for
the plans, for improving the City I'rison
was approved by tne Finance Committee
of the City Council last night. The spe
cial committee is not ready to report yet,
nor will it accept Ncwsom's plans without ;
alteration, but they believe the work ;
done was a just claim.
A Mothers' Meeting.
OAKLAND. March 18.— The East Oak
land . Union of the W. C. T. U. will hold '
a mothers' meeting In the Brooklyn Pres
byterian Church Monday afternoon at 2
o'clock. Dr. H. P. Van Kirk will' speak,
continuing the work done at the ■ confer
ence held during this week at the Y. M.
C. A. HaTK^ , ,:,..,,
; ■■'"*> ' *^-Y-:\' ■■■? ■■'
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
BETROTHED IN
SOUTH AFRICA
Joseph Clement Will
Soon Wed Miss
Weber.
Romance of Oaklanders That
Has Turned Out Very
Happily.
Years Ago the Groom-Elect Ran
Away and Has Now Won
Fortune.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 18.
The announcement to-day of the en
gagement of Joseph Clement to Miss
Weber, both of wnom are now in South
Aflrca. marks the termination of a very
interesting romance that is of treat inter
est in this city, where the young couple
have resided nearly all their lives.
About four years ago great surprise was
expressed when Joe Clement disappeared.
He told none of his family where he was
going or that he was going at all, and for
a short time it was feared he had met
with foul play. He was one of the most
popular young men in town, and his pros
pects were good, as his family is quite
wealthy. He is a brother of Alfred Clem
ent, who is a well known figure in San
Francisco society.
Not long after his disappearance it was
discovered that for some unaccountable
reason young Cement had decided to go
out into the world and carve out his own
fortune. He shipped before the mast and
roughed it on a voyage to England
around the Horn. An attempt was made
to head him off in England and induce
him to return to Oakland, but he re
refused to reconsider and went to South
Africa, where he had an uncle, Mr. Wil
liams.
Joseph had started to learn the busi
ness of an electrician, and after arriving
in South Africa he at once went to work.
In that distant land he found Mr. Weber
of this city, and who is one of the
leading capitalists of Johannesburg. Joe
made rapid headway and is now chief
engineer of a large electrical plant at
the Boer capital. Some time ago Miss
Weber, who was one of the most hand
some pir'.s of this city, joined her father,
and now the news has been made public
of her engagement to Mr. Clement.
WAS STOPPED
BY THE POLICE
Rattling Contest Between Lon
Agnew and Ben Grif
fith.
The Former Given the Decision— A
Referee Who Lost His Head
at a Crisis.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cail,
908 Broadway, ....-arch 1&
One of the liveliest bouts seen in six
months in this city was that between
Lon Agnew and Ben Griffith of Portland.
But for the fact that Charlie Slamberg,
the referee, lost his head in the sixth
round and stopped the fight, the contest
\ would have ended satisfactorily to all
concerned. It did go on for another
round, but only to be stopped by the
Chief of Police. The referee gave the de
i cision to Agnew.
The men started to fight from tae
sound of the gong, and for the first three
rounds honors were easy, aJthough urif
tith showed the most effect of his work.
In the fourth round A&new did pretty
much as he pleaseu, and really won the
fight. Three times in succession ne land
ed heavy swings on the jaw, and as the
bell rang Griffith was standing in the
ring dazed, and his seconds had to help
him to his corner.
Both men were tired in the fifth round,
and, while- Agnew did the hitting, his
blows lacked force, and some of them
were smartly returned.
Toward the end of the sixth round the
referee ordered the fight to stop, be
cause Griffith was walking around and
not fighting. This decision was not Justi
fied by the men's actions, for they had
not been walking half a minute and were
clearly trying to get a little wind. The
decision was repudiated by the audience
and the fight went on. A minute later
Agnew had Griffith on the floor and
Slamberg began to count. He made the
great mistake of only counting "nine !
and out" instead of ten. As he said "out"
Griffith was on his feet and each man
went to his corner. There was another j
appeal and the men came together again, j
Agnew was putting on tne finishing
touches when Chief Lloyd stopped the i
contest.
The decision was given to Agnew, al
though there is some aoubt whether a
stopped light can be awarded to any
body.
Yank Savage of Vallejo and Billy de
Coursy of Los Angeles fought a six-round
draw.
WAS SPIRITUAL COUNSEL.
Mrs. Fannie Montgomery, in the
Harris-Ames Suit, Advised
Peace.
OAKLAND, March 18.— Mrs. Fanny
Montgomery, assistant pastor of the First
M. E. Church, was the first witness in
the Harris-Ames case to-day. She told
of visiting Mrs. Harris before this suit
was inaugurated and urged her not to go
to law, that it would disgrace the family
and ruin her brother and his children.
Mrs. Harris, she said, said she would
gladly do so, but that she had gone so far
that it was impossible. Mrs. Montgomery
Interviewed several business men and
learned that it could be dropped.
Judge Ames grew extremely impatient
at times this afternoon, and at one time
arose from his chair and said: "Attorney
Anderson, hold your tongue until I've
concluded. I am getting tired of this
method of firing questions so fast that
1 haven't time to answer them. You let
me have my say and then you can have
yours. I'm one better than you, for I
know what I'm talking about, and you
don't."
MASKED ROEBERS AT WORK.
Hold Up Jose Silva, Who Was Al
lowed to Go After Being
Searched.
OAKLAND, March 18.— Jose Silva, a
Portuguese milkman, reported to Jailer
Phillips about 4 o'clock this morning that
he had been held up by two masked men,
on Linden street. They did not get any
money, for Silva had none on his per
son.
He Bays he was driving down Linden
street and just as he approached Six
teenth street two men jumped out into
the road. One grabbed the team by the i
bits and the other one jumped on
the wagon, presenting a gun to the fright
ened driver, with a demand for his
money. When told that Silva had none,
a search was made to prove the truth of
his statement. He was ordered to drive
on and not look back, which he did.
As it was quite dark at the time Silva
is unable to give the police any descrip- !
tion of the two men.
Otmosed to Smokiner.
OAKLAND. March 18.— The W. C. T. U.
members have begun a crusade against
the smoking habit upon street cars. They
are now circulating a petition which Is
being signed by a large number of people,
appealing to the management of th* roads
to stop this practl^-
THE SA'tf mA^CISCO CAII, SATURDAY, MAUCH 19, 1898.
WHY SOCIETY
IS LAUGHING
Rustic Signs That Are
Warning the Four
Hundred.
General Houghton's Gardener
Is the Innocent Cause
of It All.
Shocks the Fastidious in His Efforts
to Save the Family
Flowers.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 18.
An honest gardener, more faithful to i
his trust than erudite, is at present con- j
vulsing Lakeside society at the expense,
partly, of General Houghton. The general
lives at Thirteenth and Jackson streets,
in the very heart of Oakland's blue-book
patrons end where everything is so de
cidedly classic that a Bohemian cannot
live there. An Invitation to a violet — or
any other colored — tea, coming from the
ultra-classic neighborhood of Thirteenth
and Jackson streets, on a card that was
not exactly the correct size, would fur
nish gossip for a week. It was from this
neighborhood whence came the young
ladies whose cause Mrs. Requa cham
pioned two years ago when uncouth
Berkeley students essayed to dance at the
Deux Temps with boots not made of
patent leather, thereby soiling the hems
or the lowest tier of frills on the young
buds' ball dresses. In "this neighborhood^
also lives Senator Stratton, who once
used several columns of a paper to prove
that he paid for the coat in which he
was married, and that he did not borrow
it from Attorney McPike.
In fact none but the haut ton dwell in
the Lakeside District, and it now feels
as much shocked as when Mr. "Swift
water" Gates purchased the Henshaw
mansion and announced his intention of
settling with his wife and his coin and
of introducing both to Oakland society.
In this very select neighborhood for
over a week has appeared a home-made
sign that is the work of General Hough
ton's gardener, and which would be
spoiled by translation into English. It
occupies considerable space on a board
and contains this classic:
-
: Pies do not pek eny flors en here :
: for Det ar Not Alowed
For several days the sign has been dally
passed by the Houghton family and the
Houghton coachman, but nobody has
taken action in the matter, and the creme
de la creme of society as it reads is
moved to hearty laughter, more on ac
count of the discomfiture that the general
will feel when he discovers the awful
truth than because of the travesty on the
Queen's English.
This morning the gardener was so grati
fied at the great amount of interest that
was shown in his sign that he decided to
add to the joke on the Houghton family—
unconsciously, of course. He nailed up
another notice, and this is what it says:
: Pies Do not Kom end Here To Pek :
: enny flors for dos Ear not Aloud
The notices are still up and society is
still amused and shocked.
WILL RETURN FROM PARIS.
Seymour Redmond the Talentsd Deaf
Mute Artist Will Arrive Shortly
at Berkeley.
BERKELEY, March 18.— Word has been '
received at the Institution of the Deaf j
and Dumb and the Blind, that
Seymour Grenville Redmond, the deafJ
mute graduate of the school who ;
has won renown as an artist
both in France and America, will soon
return from Paris to Ills native State.
Mr. Redmond graduated from the institu
tion at Berkeley in 1593. For two years
he studied at the San Francisco Art
School. For several years he has studied
in Paris at the Ecole Julien. In 1>95 he
had the honor, rarely held by an Ameri
can and never before won by a deaf
mute, of having a picture received and
accorded honorable mention in the Paris
Salon.
Mr. Redmond has just sent to Superin
tendent Wilkinson, of the Institution at
Berkeley, fourteen recent oil paintings of
rural scenes in the vicinity of Paris.
Many of these are in the bright tints of
the Monet school, now much in vogue in
French art. William Keith, who has ex
amined them, praises them very highly,
declaring that while to the ordinary per
son they appear very ordinary sketches,
the representation in them of atmosphere
and distance is really grand.
Blame the Railroad.
BERKELEY, March 18.— A Coroner's
jury this evening charged the Southern
Pacific Company with being responsible
for the death of Mrs. Amelia Clark, who
was fatally injured by being struck by
the local train last Monday. Mrs. Clark
was trying to cross in front of the train,
as the train gates on the west side are
kept closed, when the locomotive struck
her. The jury in its verdict declared
that "We do believe that death was due
to the pernicious policy of the Southern
Pacific Company in valuing the services
of an employe as greater than human
life, and we do hereby condemn the policy
of keeping the train grates closed on either
side while the train is at a station."
Censure the Physician.
BERKELEY. March 18. —An inquest
was held this evening at the Berkeley
branch Morgue over the body of the in
fant son of Peter and Maria Lauble of
West Berkeley. The jury found that the
death of the infant was caused by lack
of proper treatment at the birth of the
child, and censured Dr. de Marconnay
fur having signed a death certificate to !
the effect that the child was still-born
without having properly investigated the i
cause of death.
Debaters Chosen.
BERKELEY, March 18.— George Clark,
'98, A. J. Dannenbaum, '98, and Harry A.
Overstreet were chosen this evening to
represent the University of California in ;
the annual intercollegiate denate with
Stanford on April 23. A. L. Marks, law
college, and L. A. Kilkenny, '98, were se- j
lected as substitutes. The other contest
ants were W. M. Martin, '00; C. E '
Thomas, '99; C. F. Kimbali, law: R. L. i
Gardner, law, and Reno Hutchinson. The '
Judges were Dr. K. C Babcock, Profes- j
sor A. F. Lange, Dr. E. B. McGilvary '
and Judge W. W. Sanderson.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. March 18.— The senior
class this morning levied an assessment
of 53 per member to defray class day ex
penses and to meet existing debt. It was
decided to hold the senior ball on Thurs
day. May 12, instead of Monday, May 16,
as previously arranged.
The seniors of the college of mechanics
played a baseball game on the campus
this morning with the seniors of the col
leges of mining and civil engineering. The
mechanics won by a large score.
Will Plead for Hill.
OAKLAND, March 18.— Tom Bradley
has been notified by Governor Budd that
the latter had set aside next Tuesday af
ternoon at 2 o'clock for the appeal in be
half of a commutation of sentence for
Ben L. Hill. Mr. Bradley, W. W. Foote
of this city and George Lamont of Suisun
will visit the executive mansion in Sac
ramento at the appointed time, when It
is confidently expected that Governor
Budd will spare the young man's life.
Married in Stockton.
OAKLAND, March 18.— John S. de Lan
cey and Jessie Henderson, two young
people, who have been attending a busi
ness college together, were married in
biockton Wednesday evening much to
the surprise of their parents. Th~ srroom
is under 21 and the bride but 17.
KOWALSKY'S
WILL CONTESTED
Henry I. Alleges Undue
Influence of His
Mother.
Estate Consists Largely of a
Mortgage From the
Blythes.
The Decedent Advanced Money to
the Heirs to Pursue Litiga
tion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 18.
Henry I. Kowalsky filed a contest this
afternoon to the will of his father, Levi
Kowalsky.
The allegations made in the contest are
that at the time of the alleged making of
the will Levi Kowalsky was mentally
incompetent to make a will by reason of
the illness and infirmity of said decedent.
It is also alleged that at the time of the
making and execution of the will said
decedent was not free from undue influ
ence and that the making of the will
wa« procured by undue influence exer
cised by his wife, Flora Kowalsky.
OPENED THE CLUB IN GOOD STYLE.
The will of Levl Kowalsky was filed
February 24, and is very short. Not be
ing able to write, th«> document wa-s
drawn up by Attorney Hiram Luttrell
and attested "with a croas. It gives to his
granddaughter, Fanny B. Kowalsky. $500,
and to Isaac Kowalsky $2060 out of his
mortgage on the Blythe estate.
The balance of the estate if given to
his children H. L, E. H., J. N. and Isaac,
share and share alikr-. H. I. Kowalsky
is the petitioner for the probate of thn
contested will, which makes no mention
of Flora Kowalsky. who is charged with
using undue influence.
Levi Kowalsky, many years ago, loaned
money to the Blythe heirs to prosecute
their 'claims. a*id was gives a mortgage
in return. It is stated that the mortgage
was not made out to the father, but to
one of the sons, and there is a dispute
as to the relation it bears to the estate.
In addition to the mortgage there is also
some money in a San Francisco bank.
ELMHTJBST WATER RATES.
The Increase May Lead to a Munici-
pal Plant or Incorporation.
OAKLAND, March IS.— Elmhurst is now
agitated over the water rate question.
The prices that have prevailed for the
past years is being increased from 100 to
300 per cent and the residents are won
dering what it all means.
The Elmhurst Improvement Club has
petitioned the Alameda Water Company
to extend its mains to Elmhurst, if they
will furnish water at a more reasonable
rate. Others are in favor of installing:
a plant at a cost of JSoOO or $10,000, and
Induce residents to agree to take water
for a stated term at a glvwn rate. It is
said that $3000 is already in sight for
such a move, and there are several
wealthy residents who claim that they
will subscribe $1000 each if the scheme la
carried out.
The lncorporators are using the raise In
rates as a lever in favor of incorporation.
They claim that in that event the Trus
tees could fix the rate, over which the
company could not charge.
Electrical Meter Missing.
OAKLAND, March IS.— T. Wolfe, for
merly electrician for the Alameda Street.
Railway was lodged in the County Jail
to-day "in default of $2000 bail. He was
arrested at La Grange, Stanislaus Coun
ty, by Constable uray, on a charge oJ
making away with an electrical meter,
which has not been found since his de
parture from the road. He protests his
innocence, and claims that when he last,
saw it it was on the desk of Assistant
Superintendent James Potter, in i..c
power-house.
Four Insane Patients.
OAKLAND, March IS.— The insane ward
at the Receiving Hospital was a busy
place to-day. Mrs. Anna McDowell of
777 Twelfth street was brought in last
evening and recommended for commit
ment to-day. She fears her family are
trying to< poison her. Miss Ella M. Pear
son of 1018 Eighteenth street was exam
ined to-day and discharged, as she was
suffering simply from hysteria. M. J.
Moreing. a musician, was committed to
Napa. Mrs. in. Judge, aged 80 years, is
held for examination to-morrow.
Tunnel Road Benefit.
OAKLAND. March 18.— The committee
from the Merchants Exchange, Messrs.
Sohst Sinclair and Brown, to ask for a
derby day at the Oakland Trotting Park
for the tunnel road benefit, met Mr. Wil
liams yesterday and received every en
couragement that that gentleman could
give them. He personally favored
the scheme and promised to use his
influence at the board meeting when the
trustees take the matter up. He could
not act independently, but believed that
the board would favor such an idea.
Buried in Coal.
OAKLAND, March IS.— The report of a !
man being buried by the caving in of a I
coal mine in the Corral Hollow district
reached this city to-day. The accident ;
happened at Tesla and for six hours the
man was covered up to his neck. Ail i
of the men that could work around the
unfortunate dug- for his life, and when
the man was taken out It was found that
not a bone was broken.
Beer May Go Up.
OAKLAND. March 18.— The rise in the
cost of water, hops, barley and hay
threatens to raise the price of beer in
this county. The breweries in this city
are contemplating such a move.
Wants a Divorce.
ALAMEDA, March IS.— Mrs. John
Reames of 1720 Grand street, this city, has
filed a suit for a divorce from her hus
band, whom she charges with extreme
cruelty and desertion. The couple were
married in Greenville. 111., in 1575, and
have five children, the oldest being 19
years of age. The husband and father i«
supposed to be on the Sound somewhere,
having deserted his family some time
since.
Young Men's Institute.
ALAMEDA, March 18.— The Young
Men's Institute of this city held a meet
ing last evening at which exercises were
held in commemoration of St. Patrick.
Speeches were made by Father Foley and
Father O'Connell, and there was vocal
and instrumental music. This part of the
exercises was followed by the serving of
refreshments in the banquet hall. The
institute is in a flourishing condition and
has recently added some billiard tables
and a card room to its attractions.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, March 18.— Sara A. Jack
son, of 1529 Stanton street, died yesterday
of cerebro-spinal meningitis. She was a
native of San Francisco and had resided
here nine years.
Rev. Ross Taylor, son of Bishop T\ il
liam Taylor and editor of the Illustrated
Christian Advocate of New York, will re
turn home on Monday.
Complaint is made of the practice or
thieves stealing rose bushes from door
yards in this city. One angry house
holder has offered a reward of $20 for
the apprehension of any guilty party.
The handball tournament of the Recrea
tion Club will be continued this evening.
Six matches will be played.
The wedding of E. E. Clover of Saugus.
Los Angeles County, and Miss Carrie
Palmer of this city took place last even
ing at the residence of the bride, 2140 San
Jose avenue. . _
George S. Forderer, son of President
Forderer of the Board of Trustees of this
Freaks and Fancies of the Evening
city, Louis Ward and William Baird have
joined a party headed by Captain Coga
of San Francisco, and will go to Kotze
bue Sound in search for gold mines.
Orders have been received by Company
G of the National Guard to hold Its
annual muster on March 25.
MOFFETT MAY
NOT SUCCUMB
Says His Wife Opened Hostili
ties by Hitting Him With
a Club.
Net Anxious to Go Into Details Till
He Has Consulted an
Attorney.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 18.
Joseph H. Moffett, who murdered his
wife and shot himself, may not die. He
is still in a critical condition at the Re
ceiving Hospital. He cannot talk, as the
shot passed through his tongtie and the
roof of his mouth, but to-day he answered
several questions in writing.
His story substantiates the facts as
printed this mbrning, but stated that his
wife commenced the attack on him when
he went into the yard at the rear of the
house yesterday morning.
"My wife commenced the row," said
Moffett. "She came out and struck me
with a club. Two minutes before the
shooting I had no intention of harming
any one. The night before, after coming
from the lodge, my wife tried to beat me
with her fists and I held her off. until I
became exhausted. I was afraid she
would kill me. but I do not want to talk
! about her. She is not doing any talking.
"She threatened me first because 1
; made Davis leave the house, and secondly
i on general principles."
Moffett said he would not talk any more
till he had seen an attorney. .
An officer of the Modern Trojans gay©
out the following statement to-day:
"Joseph H. Moffett. who killed his wife
on the morning of the 17th, was not. as
I has been stated, a member of the Order
of Modern Trojans, and W. E. Davis,
whose name has been mentioned in con
! nection with the sud affair, was not a
i member of the organization. Mrs. Moffett,
1 who had been a member of Athens Lodge
I for a number of months, had always con
ducted herself in every way ladylike, and
j with perfect decorum."
THE CONTESTS
ALL DRAWS
A Successful Opening of
the Jefferson Athletic
Club.
A Good Entertainment Given
at Mowry's Hall, in
Hayes Valley.
One of the Contestants Injured by
Slipping on the Floor of
the Ring.
The Jefferson Athletic Club gave its
first exhibition last night in Mowry's
Hall, on the corner of Grove and La
guna streets. It proved a success. The
1500 spectators who crowded the hall
were unanimous in declaring at the end
of the entertainment that it was one of
the best they have ever attended. It is
true that some of them dissented from
the decisions of the referees in the dif
ferent contests, but that was to be ex
pected, for tbe referee has yet to be
found who will dcide to suit everyone.
The managers of the club are entitled
to credit for the satisfactory manner in
which they carried out the affair. The
entertainment commenced shortly after
the announced hour, and once it was
started there were no unnecessary de- I
lays.
The exhibition opened with three
friendly three-round bouts between
Jimmy and Billy Lawler, Ed Henessy
and Billy Bishop, Dick O'Meara of the
Olympic Club and A. McCarthy of the
Jefferson Athletic Club. Dan Kemp
followed in the Mobile buck dance,
while M. S. Meyers and Ed Staley of
the Western Addition Athletic Club '-
were preparing for a four-round go. At
the end of the first round Staley slipped
and so badly injured his left leg that
he had to be assisted out of the ring.
James and Ed McCormick of the Jef
ferson Club sparred three rounds, and
were followed by R. B. Cornell and E.
Dahl of the Western Addition Club.
Then came a four round bout for a
decision between H. B. Hilton and
William Cook. Towards the end of the
fourth round Hilton was so badly dazed
that another blow would have put him
out. W. H. Forrest, who acted as rel
eree, stopped the contest and gay
Cook, who was fully twenty pound
lighter than his adversary, the decision
A four round bout between Andre\
Buzziri and J. Jeske was declared
draw by F. Berzott, who acted as ref
eree. The decision brought forth
storm of hisses, many believing tha
Jeske should have been given the de
cision.
The event of the evening was a
eight round contest for a trophy, be
tween James Riley of the Excelsior
Club, and Charles Conway of the Jef
ferson Club. It was a spirited contest
from the beginning.
Conway started Riley's nose and
mouth bleeding in the second round
and thereafter took delight in landing
his left continually on the sore spot.
Rlley, although half choked by the
blood that ran down his throat, fought
gamely and at the end of the eighth
round looked strong enough to go
eight rounds more. Billy Kenealy, who
acted as referee, decided the contest a
draw.
Joseph Hansen and Kelly and Mar
lowe contributed several . songs that
were well received.
The officers of the club are: Presi
dent, J. J. Silvey; vice president. W. T
Burke; financial secretary. John Me-
Guire; recording secretary, J. H. Kellv;
captain, A. Magnus: sergeant at srms,
John McCormack; directors, T. Wilson.
J. F. Brennan, T. Riordan. H. LJ Hil
ton, A. L,. Eisner, H. I. Mulcreavy.
Riley complained of considerable pr.in
in his left forearm after leavlncr tho
ring and acting on the advice c-f his
friends, went to the Receiving Hospi
tal, where it was found that hf had
broken cne of the small bones.
With Grand Larceny.
Charged
OAKLAND, March IS.—S. A. Coope*
was arrested at Emeryville this morn
ing' for removing some horses under at
tachment from one barn th another on a.
complaint sworn to by Mrs. Anna C.
Archer, who owns the stock. He was
taken to the County Jail and released
upon $500 bonds.
IROQUOIS CLUB.
Practical Demonstration of the Work-
ings of a Voting Machine.
The most engrossing feature of the
meeting of the Iroquois Club last night
was the inspection of and practical work
ing of a voting machine, and an automatic
counting machine, exhibited by the in
ventor. . ,
It was claimed that it would be impos
sible for the voter to vote for the same
candidate twice with this machine, or for
two candidates for the same office, with
out detection, and that it preserves the
secrecy of the ballot and materially re
duces election expenses.
The meeting was called to order Dy
President T. J. Walsh. W. F. Duffy waa
elected to membership.
Marteau This Afternoon.
Henri Marteau, the violinist, whose play
ing has completely captured San Fran
cisco, will give his last recital at the Y.
M. C. A. Auditorium this afternoon, ac
companied by Aime Lachaume, the pian
ist. Marteau's numbers will be by Leon
ard. Valentin. Sarasate. Wieniawski and
Grieg. Lachaume will play Chopin's
•'First Ballade" and a sonata for violin
and piano by A. de Castlllon will be ren
dered. The advance sale is large.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOR— —
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." British Medical Journal
CAUTION: See that the label bears thetigntf
ture of the firm.
Andreas Saxlehnei*.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625HGABXTST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Tbedoctorcureswheii
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
(iirr«j;aarantrf J. Callorwrlte.
Or. .1. F. i.tBBOX, Box 1957.5 an Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' g^»^. Steamers leave Broadway
■ IHMhk . wharf, San Francisco:
K^h^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
KTkEyX^ March 2. 7. 12, 17. 22. 27, April
(ti5i533 <tWI 1. Transferred at Seattle.
HCartflKl For Alaskan ports (from
1 r^*&&t£%Sft Spear street wharf). 10 a. m.,
March 2. 6. 10. 14, IS, 22, 26. 30.
• v Transferred at Portland. Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wish.), 10 a. m.. March 2, 7.
12 17 22 27, and every fifth day thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma with
N P Rv at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For : Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
March 3. 9. 15. 21. 27. and every sixth day
1 For ' Santa "Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos Port." Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Ciavlota. Santa' : Barbara. Ventura. Hn<sneine.
San Pedro East San. Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. March 2. 6. 10, 14. 13. 22. id.
30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For- San Diego, stopping only at * Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anseles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
am . March 4, 8, 12. 16. 20. 24. 28. and every
fourth da^thereafter.
For Ktr^^da. Mac.l.alen.i Ray San Jose del
Cabo. MaHrflan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaynms (Mcx), 10 a. m.. March 8,
April 3 and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to chansra
without' previous notice steamers, sailing dates
"TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel, 4 New
Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. A«t*.
. 10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
CADE IT 12 First Clas« Including Berth
rAKE $ 8 s eC ond Class and Meals.
. „ SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California .......Mar. 2. 10. 11, M
Columbia ..Mar. 6. 14. 12. SO
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
. ■ . E. C WARD, General Agent.
630 Market at.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
;■ Superintendents.
fmaaiOElßft The S. S. MOAN A
ISHHIC sails via Honolulu, and
irnsil* Auckland for Sydney
M"■ ~\. Wednesday, March 23,
o v^i* A' at 2 p. 'SeALANDIA.
S. S. ZEALANDIA.
G>lCdltljlr.|/ 11 ■ for HONOLULU only.
tfvTlAanU- Wednesday. April 6,
. \y llwUlCq^ 2p. m. Special party
• • rates. ■
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
i TOWN South Africa. BROS. CO.. Agents
JD SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents
,:.•>. 114 Montgomery street.
Frelgth Office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
Coflipagnie Generate Transatlantique,
French Line to Havre.
' Company's Pier (new) 42 North
River foot of Morten st. Travelers <TgIJN
! hv this line avoid both transit by •>— — - —
, rneli«h railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
| Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class *160;
\ f e A°CHAMPAGNE .'. ...March 26 10 a. m.
I LA BOT*GOONIB • ......... April 2, 10 a. m.
k^^&:::::::::::":- p "''^"i
LA GASCOGNE .......April 23. 10 a. m.
• For further particulars apply, *- A^ nt> ,
'■'•- '.-■'■ . No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. .-•■■"'. •■-■..
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG.
Normannla^ ..March 24 Columbia .......May 12
a Victoria April 7 Normannla May 19
F." Bismarck.... April » A. Victoria .....May 2«.
First Cabin $75 up. 2d Cabin $4d up. Steerage $30
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURG ; DIRECT. ,
Pennsylvania. March 2C|Patria ..........April 23
Palatla ...........April si Phoenicia May 7
Pretoria .......April 16' Pennsylvania. . .May 14
Flr=t cabin. $60 up: 2d cabin. $40: steerage, $28.
Hamburg-American Line. 37 Bron«*i'ay, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast,
401 California St.. cor. Sansome. San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.. at 3
. • ■ . p. m. Daily.' .'--.
* FREIGHT REt-KU'EIJ U^'TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling. through tickets and giv-
| ing through freight ; rates to all . points on th«
Valley . Railroad. - . .. ■: • ;
. STEAMERS:
T C WALKER, «,~ CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT, • PETERS,
Telephone Main 805. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJD.
• • ■"' Steamer *' Monticello"
Hon., Tues.,. >. c a.. Thum. ana ■ bat/. 1
• 9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays :.............l p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ... .......*.:.. 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
: Landing and Offices— Dock. ■. Pier 2.
 Telejhone. Red 2241. . ,
for San Jose, Los Gates & Santa Cruz
i bteai..cr Alviso leaves Pier i daily - (Sundays
j excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso s dally - (Saturdays
I excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
: • Fare ■ between San Francisco and . Alvlbo. ? 50c; ;
| to San Jose. 75c. '. Clay street. Pier V 41 Nortls
j First street, San Job* ' _
1314
SCORCHED THE
BETTING RING
Charles le Bel, Backed
Down From 5O to 15,
Won in a Drive.
Earl Cochran Scampered in a
Winner at Odds of
1 3O to 1.
\
Clpriano the Only Favorite to Land a
Purse — Maud Ferguson a Very
Shiity Two- Year-Old.
The threadbare, shop-worn looking per
formance of a 1 to 2 chance at Oakland
yesterday was the means of the ring get
ting a scorching that It will not recover
from for some days. The second event on
the card was a cheap five furlong selling
affair, for which the Burns & Water
house entry, Elsmore, was immediately
Installed an odds-on choice. Matters had
not progressed far In the betting when a
highly educated play commenced on
Charles Le Bel, cutting his odds down
from 50 to 15 to 1. Thorpe, astride the
favorite, did not appear apprehensive of
the result, taking things very quietly at
the outset. . He eventually got up in time
to finish fourth. In a drive Gray got Le
Bel in winner, half a length in front of
Aprona, the third choice. Several thou
sand dollars were taken from the ring
over the result.
It was a hard day for favorites all
around, Cipriano being the only one to
earn brackets. "Skeets" Martin appears
to be regaining his old form, and landed
two winners in splendid style. Astride
the two-year-old Maud Ferguson, he
clearly outrode "Longshot" Conley, the
colored Celt, nearly causing the latter to
fall off his mount, Toluca. with astonish
ment.
The opening five and a half furlong
scramble was an easy thing for the 6 to
5 favorite. Cipriano, ridden by Thorpe.
He got away well and was never headed,
winning galloping from Eroica, piloted by
Conley. The latter got away very poorly,
or he would have given the winner a
formidable argument. Flandes finished
strong, landing in the show.
Garnet Ferguson scored another victory
In the two-year-old event with his game
Prince Royal filly Maud Ferguson. She
receded in the betting from 4 to 7, and in
a fierce drive "Skeets" Martin got her in
a length before Toluca, the second choice,
piloted by Conley. Bonlbel, the favorite,
was a good third. The winner covered
the four furlongs in 48*4 seconds.
For once the weather conditions were
favorable, and in the mile selling run Sut
ton, the brother to Diggs, forgot to sulk.
The chestnut horse was C and 8 to 1 in the
betting and, out in front all the way, won •
in a common canter from Morlnga, the
second choice. Fort Augustus, the 5 to 2
choice, ran a good race considering the
fact that he carried 120 pounds, finishing
in the show. Gray, on Bow and Arrow,
rode about as bad a race as can be imag
ined, making his run when the race was
over.
Earl Cochran, the mule-eared brown
gelding, proved the surprise in the mile
and a sixteenth run, decided under sell- i
ing conditions. Don Luis, with Tod Sloan
in the saddle, was backed by the knowing i
ones, going to the post an 8 to 5 favorite, i
He was badly bumped and jostled about i
during the progress of the race, finishing
among the "also rans." The second i
choice. Dr. Bernays, made the running
until well headed for the wire, where |
Conley. on Earl Cochran, collared him j
and at the wire downed Gotobed with
comparative ease. The winner went to the
post at odds of 30 to L
Rubicon was scratched from the final
six furlong sprint and Abina, with Thorpe
In the saddle, held sway In the betting.
Away from the post none too well, the
filly made a" good showing, but was easily
beaten out by the second choice Watom
ba, excellently ridden by "Skeets" Mar
tin. McFariane, a6oto 1 chance, was
placed third. - •
TRACK ITEMS. Jk
Everybody looked to see the speedy Glenn
Anne shoot out in front in the second race.
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
(CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — Oakland Track— ll9th day of the
*"* Winter Meeting, Friday, March 18. 1898. Weather fine.
Track fast.
»7='Q FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; maiden
i O<3« ; 1350. . : . ■ ■
; purse,
723 Cipriano 1121 4
723 Eroica 107 12
CC-5 Flandes 112j 5
712 Hohenlohe 105 13
703 Scintillate 107 9
722 Rosa 107 1
716 Loumont 107 14
746 Royal Prize 102 8
723 Mainbar 112 2
716 Rose Maid 107:11
61S Kitty Blake 100! 7
723 Muldrew 105 3
C 74 Deserette ..: 10310
722 Kummel 100 6
1 1%
12 V*
8 2
11 2
5 M
2 2
6 %
10 h
3 Ihi
9 h
7 h
4 Vi
13
14
12 13
91 6 1
5 n 3 >2 '
8 hi 5 1
22 2 h
Cli 4 ' a
7h 7 1
10 h 10 1
4Vi \ 9hi
12 ' 11
11 1 12
33 8 %
13 13
14 14
~Ti~
2 h
3 3
4hi I
5'%
6 % !
7 % !
, 8 1
9 1
10 1
11
12
13
14
i norpe
Conley
Hennessy
McDonald ...
W. Taylor
G. Wilson....
McNlchols ...
2
I
4
6
12
10
- 8
30
8
10
50
10
4
3)
7-5
6
7
12
25
20
15
2')
15
20
100
20
4
60
Gray
Clawson
IJ. Woods
Romero
Dorsey
H. Martin....
| Holmes
Time. 1:09. Winner. 11. Henry's br. c. by St. Carlo-Arrolete. Good start.
Won easily.
759.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs;
purse, $350.
— _
734 Charles Le Bel !
723 Aprona 1(
716 Idomenus !
705 Elsmore to
710 Glenn Anne !
7)6 Notice Me 1<
C 44 Outlay 1<
716 Rnnita R !
741 Irritator '•
SH Entrota X
1
5
4
3
g
3
2
7
9
10
3 V*
■2% .
1 3
4 % .
5 h
10
7 »*
8 2
9 3
6 h
33 3 3
2 1- - 2 1
12 1%
53 4 1
414 . 5 2
7 1 - 72
81 8 2
6% 6 h
10 9 1
9 »4 10
1%
2 h I
3 M
4 3
5 6
6 4
7 4
8 3
9 10
10 • '
'Gray | 3ft
i Stevens 4
McNlchols ... 20
Thorpe i 2-5
Woods 7
O'Neil I 100
G. Wilson.... 30
O'Connor 20
Beaton 40
Clawson | 8
20
C
100
1-2
4
200
100
40
200
15
Tiino, 1:02)4. Winner, J. MacManus' b. g. by St. Carlo-imp. Maiden Belle. Good start.
Won first three driving.
r "7£*f\ THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-old fillies; purse, $300.
<724) Maud Ferguson ...110 1 ... ... lh 2 3 11 H. Martin
::;i Tolura 110 3 2 3 1 V 42 3 Conley ...
(748) n.nihel 110 4 3 3 3 4 310 Thorpe ...
742 Ororona 105 5 5 4 6 3 4H Gray
742 La Parasseuse 105 2 ... ... 4% 4 4 510 Clawson .
724 Ellen Wood 10517 6»6 6 H G3 Whitman
742 Loyalle 105j 6 7 7 7 Woods ■■■■
Time, :48Vi- Winner, T. G. Ferguson's b. f. by Prince Royal-Blue Hood.
Won first three driving.
1
3
4
2
7
6
1 h
2 3
3 3
5 4
4 Vz
6 14
7
2 3
1 Vi
3 4
6 3
4 4
6 %
1 1
2 3
3 10
4 hi
5 10
6 3
i 7
H. Martin....
».... 5-2 7
2 2
2 • 8-5
4 9-2
12 £0
50 150
30 150
Good start.
5-2 7
2 2
2 • 8-5
4 9-2
12 E0
50 150
30 150
Conley
[Thorpe
Gray
Clawaon
Whitman
Woods
761.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $300.
Index.
. 723 button. 4 11
734 Mnrinsra. 3 1(
2»3 Fort Augustus. 4...1!
734 i:..« and Arrow, 3..X
723 Applejack. 3 ...::..l(
4>;7 SonK and Dance. a.
73! Elidad. 3 1(
■ 740 El Venado. 4 l:
2
1
1 2
2 h
3 2
6 h
4 h
5 1
7
1 2".4
2 h
IVA
6 Vt.
4 I.
& 1
7
1 214
3 > 2
2 1
63
4 % *
5 2^4
7
14
2 V,
3 3
.4 1
5 4
6 3
7
13
2 3V, :
2 %' :
4 %
5 8.
6 6
7
rvaez...
6 6
3 3
5-2 6-2
4 8
40 12
5-2 5
8 10
30 60
In
ssy ....
llson
•Loft.
Time. 1:42>,i.
Won easily
Winner. B. J. Johnston's eh. h. by Red Iron-Lily Wright.
Good start.
rrOJ) FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling: three-year-olds and upward;
(OZi purse. $400. •
Index. Horses. Weight. jSt. Std. %m. Mm. %m. Str. Fin.*! Jockeys. lOp. Cl.
(735) Karl Cochran. 5....:
751 Gotolxxl, 3
743 Dr. Uernays, 3......
(747) Treachery. 5 :
745 Sea Spray. 6..
744 Ballister. 3
733 Cromwell, 6 ........
(734) Don Luis. 3
723 Florimel, 4 .....
I 726 Soniro, 4 ..'.
1. 7 1
j 6 8 M
! 2 6h.
4 9 3
8 3 h
7 lii
3 5 h
5 4 h
! 9 10
10 2 h
3 h
6 hi
1 Vi
9 1
7,1%
2 2
4 1
8 1
10
5 1
3 h . 3 1
5h 4 1
1h 1 h
9 V, 81
7 T :, 5 14
2 IV4 2 h
41 7 1
8 M ' 6 hi
C ',» 10
10 - 9 1
f-i h v;
3 1
2 IV4
S 4
I h
4.1,
7 h
0 2
9 1
10
1 lhi
2 1%
3 8
4 h
5 Vi
6 3
7 3
5 10
9 4
.10
I
i
;y •,
son . ....
Is
lartin;...
:11n,v....|
nnor '....'
15
4
5-2
5
20
20
10
S-5
100
10
30
5
5-2
6
100
100
15
8-5
100
40
• • ,-i
oan
les
[>c
Time. l:48'/i.
Won cleverly.
Winner, J. Cochran's br. g. by imp. Slddartha-Jennie H.
Good start.
763.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; Consolation handicap;
purse. $350.
:r.
734 Watomba. 3 1<
717 Abina. 3 1<
736 McFarlane, 6 1'
745 Major Cook. 6 11
729 Alvin E. 4 1<
717 Bport McAllister, 6.1:
745 Koenlgen, 4 1<
751 EUcardq, a 1)
739 Lone Princess. 4— 1!
596 Emma D, a X
736 Stentor. 4 1<
736 Metaire, 5 i
C 55 Kaiser Ludwlg. 4. .11
-
10"
!
4
6
2
5 '•
I
1
9
11
is
514 3 •
tg^-iip' <• h 6 %
... 2 1 3 11
... 4 h 1 h
; : ■;.. -' " BVs 8 hi,
1 h ■■ • 2 1 :
71 7 1
9 % ■■• 91-
... ■ 8 h 5 V
... 10 3 10 1
■ ... ;ll:;- 11
... 12 12
1-3 H. Martin ...; 3
2 ns |Thorpp 3
3ns |McNirbola ... M
4 1 i\V. T;iylur....| 8
5 1 jOlawscm I 15
6Ms Gray ; jo
7 3 IConlev | 4
S 3 O. Wilson.... I 15
'.•■ Van Karen...] 8
10 {Stevens I ir.
11 Woodfl 2(1
12 [o'Neil : U
!J. Narvaez...! V,
7-2
2
CO
9
10
20
7-2
15
S
30
40
100
r,o
•Left.
Time, 1:15*6. Winner, W. D. Randall's b. f. by Montana-Wampum. Good start. Won
easily.
and they were disappointed. She ran much
faster one day at a long price.
It must be that McGinn la a better Jockey
than Gray, though this statement would be
bard to prove. On Tuesday last, with McGinn
up, Ocorona ran a splendid race, but yester
day, with more reputation in the saddle, the
fllly was lamentably lacking In speed. She
will probably do better some day at Ingleslde.
After his performance at the post In yester
day's race the Oakland management decided
that In future the entry pi El Venado would
be refused.
For his apparent carelessness astride the
"copper on and copper off" Major Cook, W.
Taylor was suspended by the Judges.
The Board of Stewards of the California
Jockey Club will meet on Wednesday evening
next, when the cases of the suspended riders.
Spencer and Jones, will come up for investiga
tion.
It is said that Elsmore can be purchased for
$200. It looks as though the colt would not be
such a bad bargain at that price.
Jockey McDonald is evidently greatly im
pressed with his riding abilities. If this same
rider would take a few mornings on the rail
watching some of the exercise boys galloping
and then start all over again he might in time
become a fair rider.
It looked as though Van Kuren. with his un
broken streak of bad luck, could have landed
Hoherlohe In the money.
A full brother to Crescendo, by Flambeau,
dam Imi>orted Janet M.. a chestnut In color
and marked exactly like his Illustrious broth
er, was foaled at J. Naglee Burk's place near
San Jose last Monday.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— One mile; three- year-olds : sell
fng.
711 Dr. Mlzner 94! 754 Duke York 11.. 113
751 Dr. Marks 104: 755 Twlnkler 103
75S Flandes 100 759 Outlay 107
758 Rose Maid 95 1 (753) G00d Friend ....108
746 Baracan 95 i 758 Main bar 100
(741)Oddson 110 723 Texarkana 100
716 Approbation 97 728 Prince 81aze5. ..107
741 Bonnie lone ....102
Second Race— Seven eighths of a mile; four
year-olds and upward: selling.
... Arthur H 102, 745 Amelia F0n50...100
729 Mamie G 100 j 739 Howard 105
741 Donation 106 751 O'Fleeta 105
751 Lost Girl 100! 761 Fort Augustus.. 105
(TOOJudge Stouffer.. 99< (740) Mistral II 108
745 Chappie 99 739 Meadow Lark... 102
380 Zarro 102 725 Benamela 105
721 Caliente 105
Third Race — Four furlongs; two-year-old
fillies: the Flying Stakes.
MS Sevens 100 i 602 Humidity 110 i
676 Winifred 110 ! <G?6)Magdalenas ....110
760 Toluca 1051 748 Buena Ventura. 110
735 Banewor 110! 638 Reina de Cuba. 100
Fourth Rnce— One and an eighth miles; all
ages; Pacific Union Stakes; value, $1500.
(S69)Buck Massie....ll9 <.'S7)Fleur de Lls 115
6W Won't Dance... 99 ' 443 Buckwa 101
(756>8enator Bland.. 114 ; (754)Llnstock SS
(731)Traverser 106 i
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward: Free Handicap.
714 Tea Rose 111.... 108 (701)Eddle Jones ....110
744 Rosormonde .... $b] (751)McLlght 110
683 May W 115: 714 Libertine 110
Sixth Race— Seven furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and upward.
443 Buckwa ill I 754 Masoero 102!
751 Refugee 102 55S Har. Thoburn. .. 99
619 Myth 1)2 (726) Ace 108
719 Montallade 1"2 750 Mamie Scott ...100
<7:<MH.»ll!coso 105 745 Peixotto 105
733 Sly 97:
TO-DAY'S SELECTIONS.
First Race— Dr. Marks, Oddson. Good Friend.
Second Race— Caliente, Judge Stouffer, Chap
pie.
Third Race — Magdalenas, Winifred, Banewor.
Fourth Race— Fleur de Lls. Traverser, Lin
stock.
Fifth Race— May W. McLight. Tea Rose 111.
Sixth Race— Buckwa, Ace, Harry Thoburn.
Ladies to Give a Charity Tea.
A cnarlty tea will be given at the resi
dence of Mrs. F. L. Whitney, under the
supervision of the manager of the Na
thaniel Gray Free Kindergarten, Satur
day afternoon, March 26, between the
hours of 3 and 6 o'clock.
It is to be given for the purpose of ob
taining funds for the Institution and,
owing to its worthy object, is deserving
of patronage. Tickets, in addition to en
titling the bearer to partake of the festal
board, will also afford the extra attrac
tion of permitting him to take full gaze
of the "Enfants" robed In their holiday
attire.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Charles M. and Isabella Mason to Charles
F. Braver, lot on E line of Lyon street, 75 S
of Golden Gate avenue, S 25 by E 100; $10.
Frederick ti. Johnson to Sophia Johnson, all
Interest In lot on N line of Jackson street, 120
\V of Central avenue. \V 27:6 by N 127:8V4; gift.
J. C. and Mary W. Moody to William M. and
Susan Kurness, lot on E line of San Carlos or
Jessie street, IS6 N of Twentieth, N 24 by E
75; $10.
Mary 13. Freeman to John Elder, lot on S line
of Twenty-first street, 254:6 W of Church. W
50:11 by S 114; $10.
Jonathan and Anna M. Anderson to Alfred
C. and Clara M. Ledeme. lot on S line of Lib
erty street, 150 E of Castro, E 25 by S 114; $10.
Joseph Perkins to Walter I. Tobin, lot on SW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1898.
corner of Twenty-fourth and Guerrero streets,
S 50 by W 125; $10.. . .
Walter I. and Mary E. • Tobln and A. J.
Berge to Elizabeth. Berge. lot on W line, of
Guerrero street, 25 6 of Twenty-fourth, S 25 by
-Ah Kee'to Jank Chew, lot on S line of Sac
ramento street. 71:14 E of Dupont. E 41:4% by |
S 112:6; also all interest in property walls on |
E and W side of lot; $10. '■■' '
James W. and Mary E. O'Brien to Solomon
Getz lot on W line of Twentieth avenue. 200
N of"X street. N 60 by W 120; $10. -
H. Lacy to Mary Feeney, lot on S line of N
street. 57":6 W of Twelfth avenue, A\ 25 by N i
William G. and Mary J. Long to Charles S. j
Lone, lot on W line of Forty-fifth avenue, 225
N of T street. M 100 by W 120: $10. _
Andrew G. Llnbeig to Annie R. Rowland ,
(wife of Janot Rowland), lot on V, line of i
Victoria street, ISO N of Randolph, S 100 by W j
100, lota 1 to 4 and 46 to 48, block 37, City Land
Association (quit-claim deed); $10. _
Alfred McLaughlin to Charles W. and Emma
S. Limner, lot on N line of Paraguay 'Four
teenth) street. 350 W of Susquehanna, W Z5
by N 100, block 265. ON and H Tract; $420.
'William E. and Ada H. Allen \o Elizabeth C.
Wilmot. lot on SW line of Madison street. 66:2 |
SE of Athens, SE 33:1. SW 77:1%. NW 25.NE I
98:9, block 69, Silver Heights (to correct 1019 a
9 14) ' SlO
"Mary Badlam to Eugene W. Levy, lot bound- \
ed on".N by Preclta Valley survey, on S by the
4-acre reservation exeepted in deed of Bernal !
to Brown, dated June 4, 1857, on E by new I
county road to San Jose and on W by land of
San Jose Railroad Company, containing about '
1 acre (quit claim); $5.
John L. McLaughlin to John and Annie I
Dlvver, lot on E line of Chenery street. 493:3% ;
W of Miguel. N 25:2, E 131:11%. S 25. •\\ 134:8%,
block 16, Fairmount; valuable consideration
Martin Bulger to James K. Bulger, lot on S
line of Vlsitacion street. 134 W of Mlllican,. W
184 by S 276; also lot on 8 line of. Tobln street,
134 W from NW corner Tobln and Milliken, |
thencS W along N line of ToUn. 134 by N 276,
lot 11. Visitacion Valley Homestead ; $2000.
Same to same, lots 1 to 5, block 7, Sunnyvale
Homestead Association; also balance of block
7, consisting of 9 lots; $10.
Alameda County.
Noah E. and Jessie M. Smith to Jacob Lev! j
Sr lot 8 In Subdivision 17, Glen Echo Tract, I
quitclaim deed, Oakland Annex; $10. -
John A. Jones to Clara E. Jones, lot on W
line of Linden street, 50 N of Forty-third. N 50 |
by W 90, being lot 2, block 2090, Alden Tract at
Temescal, Oakland Annex; gift.
Clara E. Jones to Edna W. Riley, same, Oak
land Annex; $1.
L J. Grant to F. A. Dodge, lots 1, 3. 6 to 16,
18, 19, 20, 22, 23, Turnbull Tract, quitclaim deed,
Brooklyn Township; $5.
Frances A. Crosby to John Barton, lot on B
line of Park street, 300 S of Buena Vista ave
nue, E 130, S 42. W 130:3V5. .N 42, to beginning,
block D, Alameda Station Homestead Tract,
Alnmeda; also except a strip 10 feet wide
along W end of above, Alameda; $10.
George P. Fuller to William F. Whittier, un
divided 1-24 interest of following: Lot on SE |
line of Bay avenue, 50 SW from intersection
of said line with the center line of Central Pa- i
cific Railroad Company's railroad track, thence |
SW 3CO by SE 300; also beginning at E corner ■
of lands of Shearer, thence SW 523:4. SE 353:6, I
NE 453:5. -. \v" 3SO, to beginning, Alameda; $500.
John J. and Anna J. McCabe to James P. j
Still. lots 11 and 12, block 28. Addition No. 3 i
to Town of Livermore, Murray Township; $10. \
■ Cornelia F. Brand to Jennie E. Drake, lot on j
N line of Isabella street. SCO W of San Pablo i
avenue, W 25 by N 139:2 H. E Vi of lot 25, Gunn
Tract. Oakland: $10.
Andrew Frank to Katie Schuler, lot. on N j
line of Seventh street. 100 W of Clay. W 50 by
N iO,i o, lots 24 and 25. block 24. Oakland: gift.
Same to Sophie Frank, lot on N line of
Seventh street. 75 W of Clay. W 25 by N 100,
lot 23, block 74. Oakland; gift.
President and Board of Trustees of Pacific ;
Theological Seminary to John Mitchell, lot 2, .
Seminary Tract, being a resubdlvlslon of lots :
76 to 79, 98 to 107. Pacific Theological Seminary j
Tract No. 2, Oakland; $10.
John and Minnie A. Mitchell to Carrie Gla
sier. same. Oakland: $10.
M. Y. and Martha X. Stewart to Frank H.
Stewart, lot on S corner of Sixth avenue and
E:ist Eleventh street, SW 114 hy SE 150. block
20. Clinton, subject to a mortgage for $2000,
East Oakland: gift.
Nikolia and (jertnide Xilsen to J. H. Las
son, lot on E linp of Peralta street. 260.5 N of
Fourteenth. X 62, S 5, W to East Peralta. X
to beginning, being the X 5 feet of lot 2S.
block 681, Peralta and Center sjreet lands,
Oakland: $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Associntion to Ella
Hler.tt. lot 10S in plat 36, Mountain View Ceme
tery. Oakland Towns-hip: $211.
William H. Day to George D. Brisley. lot
2. block S. Amended Map Butler Tract, Oak
land Annex: $10.
H. C. Morris to Margery Clinton, lot 1, block
33. Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Jacob R. L. and Dollie C. Jones to "Ed car F.
Brown. r»reo,,rd of 54.1 d 117. lot IS, block A,
subdivided Heald Twenty-third-avenue Tract,
subject to a mortgage for $250, Brooklyn Town
ship: $10. r
Thomas B. and Annie H. Draper to Sarah
A. Chapman (wife of Robert V lot on SW line
of Monroe street, where the same is inter
sected by XW boundary line i f lot 7. Draper
Tract, and 150 feet SE from Twenty-third ave
nue, thence SE 33.20, SW 100, XW 40.53. XE
100 to beginning, being lot 7. Draper Tract, to
correct 3S!> d 387. Brooklyn Township: $10.
George H. Chapman to Margaret C. Chap
man, same, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Sarah A. and Robert Chapman to Clara M.
and Margaret C. Chapman, same, Brooklyn
Township: prant.
R. S. and Emma C. Atkins to Frank O.
Stallman, lot on W line of Caroline street, 37.".
S of Central avenue, S 50 by W 100, beins lot
12S. Enclnal Park Tract. Alameda; $10 "
Elizabeth C. Hamlin to Oliver D. Hamlln. lot
10, block D. Broadway and Telegraph Avenue
Homestead. Oakland Annex; also lot 9, block
D. same, Oakland Annex: gift.
G. F. and Mary M. Barker (by attorney) to
Warren T. Clarke, lot on X line of Haste
street. 100 W of Mllvia. W 50 by X 135. being
lot 6. block 5. amended map of blocks 5 and 6.
liarker Tract, Berkeley; $100.
Warren T. Clarke to Elizabeth A. Clarke,
same, Berkeley: gift.
Charles H, Ball to Edward Homan. lot 5,
blo<-k A, Fniitvale Villa Tract, Brooklyn
Township, quitclaim deed: $100.
Same to same, lot 7. block A, same, Brooklyn
Township, quitclaim deed; $100.
Christian Thomsen to Johanna Thomsen, all
intc-rfst in lot on S line of Santa Clara ave
nue, 340 W of Walnut, W ICO by S 207:R, being
the W 10 feet of lot 18 and all of lots 17 nnd IS
block 22. and all of lot 10. block 21. lands ad
jacent to Enclnal, Alameda; gift.
California School Furniture and Manufactur
ing- Company (a. corporation). M. L. and Mary
B. Soares to Henry L. Middleton. lots 3 to 6.
block 181, Town of Xewark, Washington Town
ship, subject to a mortgage for $1200; also all
imprest In 1 acre beginning at a stake at the
Intersection of NW line of George street with
SW line of right of way of South Pacific Coast
Railroad, thence XW 220.88. SW 254.03. SE 122.1.
XE to beginning, block IS3. Town of Xewark
Washington Township, quitclaim deed; $1.
BUILDERS 1 CONTRACTS.
J. P. Pirhon wwner) with Peacock & Butch
er (contractors), architect Jules Godart. Brick
work. grading, excavating, trpnehing, roncrnte
and cementing, etc., for a 2-story frame build
ing with brick basement (4 flats') on E line of
Octavia street, 92:6 S of McAllister, S 45 by
E 75; $1240.
Same, with Robert Currie (contractor), ar
chitect, same. Carpenter, mill and stair work,
erlass and glazinp. roofing, tinning, galvanized
cast and wrought iron work, leaden roof, hard
ware, etc., for same, on same; $4794.
Patrick Long (owner) with W. H. Bagge
(contractor and architect), all work for a 2
story frame building: "f 2 flats on E line of
Jessie street. 323 N of Fourteonth, N 25 by E
70. $2300.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
N A Watson, Erie F W Rogers, N T
J G Hamilton, Minn D M Lee & w. Londn
Miss Balch, Minn T Flint Jr. San Juan
W F Kerr, St Louis G Willcomb&w, Mass
H Spies & w, N V A L Levinsky, Stktn
A Wood & w. Phil F N Dftwey. N V
W S Perot Jr&w. Pa C N Husted. N V
Mrs D L Wood. Pa M .Toost. N V
F X Rule&w, L Angls H B Smith. N V
C R Ballon. R I W S Kirk. Pa
X E Bunnell&w. N V | Miss Beardsley, N V
J D Wright, N V j Miss Ross. N V
H W Patton. L AnglSjS Curr. N V
G S Newman. Colo F F Rogers, Stanford
D Dewey, Boston H J Johnson. N V
J n Watson, Wis J T Davis. Jackson
E C Palmer. La RE Culerftan, Burgm
W F Donovan, Chgo Mrs Coleman. Burgm
W E Johnson&w. Vt O G Sage. Sacto
Miss Johnson. Vt T Hopkins, Menln Pk
Mrs II A Johnson & | Mrs Hopkins. Menlo P
maid. Vt !J B Reed. Mont
C J Ives & w. CodarßiMlss J Clark. Mont
GRAND HOTEL.
W L GlfTord, L Ang j Mrs G L Fisher & d
J M Urooks, I. Ang ! Salem
W F Knnx, Sacto Mrs J V David, Sacto
B S Wood, S Rosa | If L Williams. Cal
F W Pusheck, ChKO i N Clark &w. Wash
G H Maxwell, X V IK U Hunt, Kenwod
R S Brown, Petaluma ! W C Parker. Kenwood
J Alger. s Jose J C Samuel & w. Cal
E L Hawk. Sacto L L Pollock, Boston
P Meyer, 8 Rosa Mrs W <' Waltf-rs. Cal
E H GrlKKs. Stanford Miss Shaw. Salinas
S Robinson, Sacto C Clark & w, S Jose
F Armltagp. E Jose II T Harper, Sarto
Mrt< Browning, S Jose C E tindsley. Sacto
S B Davis. Stockton .1 N Woodward B C
T H Rolutln. Seattle I W E Rockford & w
A J I-aison. Lodl | Minn
F Foster. N V | H McMurthy, N V
A C Hopklnson. Stktn |G W Llbby. S Rosa
C Allen. Spokane i M R Williams & w
A Bollennnn. NY NY
X P Orant. Nordiioff E E Armstrong & f
W C Holman. I. Ang Seattle
F B White, Snlem II B Barber, Stockton
BALDWIN HOTKL
A S GiUlbert. N V I W C Swarchan, Can
W Sloan. Barkfield A C Datwell. Pilot Pt
.T I- Manhf-n. Salinas D C Defrey, Seattle
SI E Harris. Oakland S W Word by & w Or
E J Johnson. Ohio | J B Sharpe. N T '
C Huntingdon? Chpro ;J P Flne^an, N V
Mrs C H Barnes. Chso: L S Abraham, Seattle
W w Borland, Cbfo H W Odurs, Sacto
F. G MoPlko, We?tley Mrs W R Clark & c
J I> Mc-Pike. WtMtley Stockton
C O Jlcg-enfuss, FreanoiJ N Sltton. N J
KEJV WESTERN HOTEL.
C Kloch, Sacto ' D Harrison, Ran Jose
G A Ross. Vallejo IF J Foley. Vlsalia
L WalUren. Riverside IJ Doyle. Rio Vista
J Helm. San Jose |H Melrnse, Sacto
J Seeba. C*J H Smith, Vancouver
H Gallaglier, Calistoga J Mnpee, Canada
J Blown, Reno J Snvnßnino. Cal
E Laydon. Tacoma B Fechyen. Rodeo
J fhaw, Portland J RI<?C Phoenix
M Hon?haw, Madera L Sylverton, Los An*
C Bromwell, Modesto I
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until U:3O o'clock.
839 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o" clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Laikin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 6 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
232« Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until ?:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets ; open until 9 o'clock.
CIIIUCH NOTICES.
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, Golden
Gate aye. and Polk tL—RBV. M. M. Gibson.
D.D., pastur. Services at 11 a. in. and 7:30
p. m. The pastor will preach morning and
evening. Subject for evening, '"me Sermon
the Trees Preach." On Tuesday evening, !
March 22, Rev. E. S. Chapman. D.D.. or
Oakland will deliver the third in the series I
of popular lectures at above church. Sub- j
Ject, "The Stones CryHng Out." This lee- i
ture is highly commended and should have i
a full house. j
STRANGERS' Sabbath Home, Howard Street !
Methodist Episcopal Church, 643 Howard St..
bet. Second and Third, 2 block 3 from Palace
Hotel— Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D., pastor.
Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Dr.
Wilson, having recovered from his protracted |
illness, will preach at both services. Morning i
subject, "The Now and the Hereafter of the '
Redeemed." At 7:80 p. m.. praise service and I
short sermon. Special music by chorus, Boys'
Brigade, Ladles' Choral and Antlphonal
Choirs. Sabbath school. Normal and Bible
classes at 12:30 p. m. Great Epworth League
rally at 6:15 p. m. Week night services— Mon-
day. Professor Schultz Choral Society, in- j
structlon free; Tuesday, Pentecostal and Pro-
bationers' classes; Wednesday, midweek
prayer, praise and salvation service: Thurs-
day, reception to strancers; Friday, Boys'
Brigade Bible class and drill. Companies F
and G. All are always welcome at a.i times.
Seats free.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM Golden Gate Commandery No. <£-*-<c
16. K. T., 625 Sutter st. -This Com- \nf
mandery Is hereby ordered to assem- [111
ble at the Asylum on SUNDAY, March
20, at 1 o'clock, for the purpose ot attending
the funeral of our iaie frater, SIR THOMAS ,
JEFFERSON BASS.
JONATHAN M. PEEL, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M., •
121 Eddy st.— Called meeting THIS Ji
(SATURDAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock. jTjf
| Third degree. All Master Masons are /^r >
Invited. By order of
THOMAS L. HILL. W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
I MISSION Lodge No. m. F. and*A. M.— •
i Called meeting THIS iSATURDAY) £\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third 'le- TT Jf
: gree. C. U. BUNKER. Secretary-. /V x
I THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mir.c by the hydraulic
proceM from John E. Burton, In the Green
Mountain mine, near Mokelussne Hill, Cala- ■
veras County, to deposit tailings In Chile ]
Gulch; from the Harville Mining Company.
to the Harville mine, near Placerville, El Do- ;
rado County, to deposit tailings in Martinez :
Creek; from A. B. Jacks, in the Badger Hill
mine, near Spanish Ranch. Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in Spanish Creek, and
from the Star of Plumas Water and Mining
I Company, In the Star of Plumas placer mine, "■
near Buck's Ranch. Plunuis County, to de-
posit tailings in a ravine, gives .notice that '
a mr-etinfT will be held at room 59, Flood
building, San Francisco, CaL, on March 2S,
IMS, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— Th» regular annual '
meeting of the stockhoi l^rs of the Western
Sugar Refining Company will be held at the
office of the company. 327 Market st . San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the _tk day
of March, ]8'.»8, at the hour of 12 m..
for the purpose of electim: a Board of Dlrec-
ton to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction, of such ot):<-r business as may
com? before the meetlnp.
Transfer books will c! M on Friday. March
18. 1898, at 12 o'clock m.
ROBKRT OXNARD. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, \.irns laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow-shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 106 Fifth st.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 16»i Turk St. an.l 111! Market, rooms
15-18.
RITTA BLACK, genuine massage; manicure;
magnetic treatment. £23 lost St., room 3.
MISS MAY'S genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and Turkish. 536 Keari st.. room 9.
MISS L. STANLEY, ma ilcure and alcohol
baths. 7 Grant aye., room 1-2-3.
MRS. DR. NICE- -Genuine steam vapor cabi-
net baths. SI. 17A Sixth et., room 1.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor St.
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
MRS. SHELTON. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 90S Market st . room 22.
BAD tenants ejected for (4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. Ssoo.
MRS. STEWERT. Genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120H Geary st.. room 11.
ROOMS papered, J: 50 up; whitened, $1 up.
. 2SOS Twenty-fourth st.. or 233 Third st.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 2. USA Grant aye.; e'.ec-
trician: alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
DIVIDEND KOTJCtS.
DIVIDEND No. 79 ir.ftc per share) of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable
at the office of the company on and after
FRIDAY. April 1, IS9S. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. March 26, 1898, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend' No. 53 (forty
cents per share; of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Co. will be payable at the office
of the company. t;27 Market St.. on and after
Monday, March 21, IS9B. Transfer books will
close on Tuesday, March 15, IS9S, at 3 o'clock
p. in. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS XANTED- FEMALE.
SITUATION wanted by highly respectable
German girl, general housework; also by
working housekeeper; thoroughly competent.
i.\l>lK.-- EXCHANGE, 1023 Market st.
LADIES!— For a first-class servant be sure to
sep J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
LADY desires position as housekeeper with en-
tire charge; no children; no objection to
country; excellent references. Address box
2053, Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do general
housework, plain cooking. Apply 245 Fourth
st.. upstairs.
YOUNG lady wishes a situation as cook in a
Spanish or English family; prefer Spanish. 11
Dawson place.
GOOD woman wants situation to do general
housework or any kind of work by the day;
steady and reliable. 812 Bryant st.
WOMAN wants cooking and housework; will
go across bay; no triflers; No. 1 cook. 1104
Mission St., room 32.
LADIES' tailor wants cutting position; 6 years'
experience in the East on fine work; good
appearance. Box 2139, Call office.
GIRL wishes situation for second work and
waiting: city references. Call 3354 Twenty-
second st., near Guerrero.
GIRL wants position to do chamberwork. Call
on or address E. STAUKS, 262 Seventh st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
cook and general housework. IN 27th at.
WOMAN wants situation to do general house-
work. Call at HIS Pierce St.
YOUNG German woman wishes any kind of
work by the day; good sewer. Apply 1007
Oak st., near Hcott.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
8198 Howard Bt., room 3.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker wishes a few en-
gegements in fau-.lly by the day or week:
perfect fit. and satisfaction guaranteed. 1103
Powell st.
POSITION wanted as cashier in restaurant by
young German lady; has experience; refer-
ence; no objection to small pay. Address 150
Fourth st.
COMPETENT young woman! Rood In composi-
tion, wishes position; private secretary or
confidential clerk- small salary. E. N., 960
Clay st.. Ohkland.
RESPECTABLE colored woman wants a posi-
tion as a flrs-t-class cook In a private fam-
ily or small boarding-house. 1024 Jackson st.
REFINED lady with good references wishes
situation as housekeeper. Call or address
_34>,jJTurk St.. room 15.
SITUATION wanted as hotel matron or house-
keeper; experienced; can give good refer-
ences and require the same. 292 C Bush Kt.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress or dressmaker's as-
Mstnnt wishes work by the day or to do plain
sewing and mending. CIXV« Minna St.
WANTED- P< sit:. ,n to do light housework or
care of Invalid by lady (35). Address box
WOT. Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes a situation for second
work or take care of Invalid, would not ob-
ject to traveling; references. Box 2004. Call,
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires a few more
engagements; good cutter and fitter: $1 25
per day; no objection to country. Address
box 2036, Call. j
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued.
, SITUATION wanted by a young married wo-
man with a child 8 months old: a^)lace in a
private family; wages not so much an object
as a home. Call or address MRS. M. JOHN-
. SON. Newport Hotel, room 8, corner Frank-
lin and Oak sts.
WANTED, by middle-aged woman, house-
cleaning and general housework by the day.
Address 35 Freelon st.
SINGLE woman, first-class cook, wishes place
as housekeeper or as cook. 538 Minna st.
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission St., corner
of Seventh, room 10.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or to do plain mending. 126 Fourth st. rm. 23.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
siTLATIOXS AY ANTED— MALE.
I CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
i tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
! JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
i Northern Huclng Co. ISOS Polk; tel. Polk 422.
• CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
; _J»e« help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
■ cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aoki, 30 Geary.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choice help;
! _tel. East 777. 806 Geary st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
| hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel. Davis 605.
[ POSITION wanted by married man as fore-
: . man or to take charge of ranch; thoroughly
competent orchardlst, vineyardist and general
farmer; well posted in raising poultry; able
to do all the mechanical work on the place;
wife good cook; best references. Box 2090,
1 Call office.
SITUATIONS wanted by German and wife
without children; man as foreman; under-
; stands all kinds of ranch work; wife good
cook and housekeeper; both first-class refer-
ences. Address postofflce box 125, Livermore,
ENGLISHMAN, middle-aged, wants situation
! to attend to private place or small ranch;
understands care of all kinds of stock and
poultry- and farm work; references if re-
quired. Address Farmer, 754 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife; man
understands farming and vineyard; also en-
gineering; woman good cook and housekeep-
er. Address T. S. H.. 252G Mission St.
PAINTER, reliable general workman, wants
situation as working foreman in good shop
or institution; city or country: wages no ob-
ject. Address box 2089, Call office.
YOUNG man who is willing to work wants a
position; understands bookkeeping; willing to
make himself generally useful; salary no ob-
Ject. Box 2057. Call office.
YOUNG man wants- situation; thoroughly up
in knowledge of cattle and horses and handy
around a garden. A. 8., box 2CSO, Call office.
MAN lately from the East wishes situation as
night watchman; 15 years in the business;
first-class references. Box 2098. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an accomplished physl-
: cian; willing to travel as private secretary.
E. V., bcoc . Call office.
J STABLEMAN desires situation; 14 years' ex-
perlence. Address A. C, box 2085. Call office.
: MAN and wife wish work in hotel; wife to do
general work, chambermaid and waitress,
man as bartender or night clerk; 10 years' ex-
perience; reference. Address A. L., general
Postofflce, Aiameda.
' GERMAN, middle-aged, sober and steady man,
wants work as porter; handy with tools. 11l
Prospect pi., bet. Sacramento arfd California.
LADIES' tailor and cutter wants situation;
formerly of Wilson & Ratner. Address 17
Little Russ st.
WANTED— PostMon as first-class cutter, with
good experience in first-class tailoring; 8 ;
' years' experience. Address box 1469, Call.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper and cashier;
references turnished. Address box 14, Call.
RELIABLE boy, age 16, residing with his
parents. German, wants to learn a trade or
work in store; best of references. Address
box 210S, Call office.
i BOOKKEEPER, aged 26, 7 years' experience,
references, desires position witli manufactur-
ing or wholesale concern: moderate salary,
with chance for advancement. X., box 25,
Call office.
single coachman, first-class
horseman and good house worker, strictly
sober, willing and obliging, undeniable refer-
ences, many years with one family, desires
private work as coachman in California. Ad-
dress box 2132, Call office.
' GERMAN horticulturist, competent In every
branch of gardening, wishes a situation; pri-
vate garden preferred. W. KLETT, 417 Har-
rison st.
THOROUGHLY experienced orchardist, well -
posted on fruit raising, grafting and prunin;
trees, cultivating. Irrigating, able to rais >
young fruit trees which, without protection ;
will stand hot weather, desires position as j
working foreman on orchard or new to start :
orchard; single, sober, reliable man, 45 years !
old; references. Address Orchardist, box 2131,
Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation as gardener or
to take care of horses; handy about the
house. 709% Buchanan st. ; best of references.
SITUATION as watchman; care of horses;
references. W., box 6, Call Office, Oakland.
•MAN wishes position as cook in hotel or board-
j ing house; country preferred. Box 2059. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms. 25c to $1 60 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient -nd respectable; free 'bus
and taßprage to and from fer •>■.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WAITRESS, San Jose, choice place, $20; cham-
bermaid to assist waiting, $20, fare paid; 3 i
waitresses, Redondo Beach, $20; 3 waitresses,
Catallna Island. $20; 2 waitresses, city, $20
and room; 2 waitresses, country hotels, $20;
lunch waitress, call early. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. ICS Geary st.
H<>TKI. laundress, country hotel, S2i>, c-til
j early. C U. HANHEN A: CO., 10S Geary st.
HOUSEKEEPER for an institution, $15 and
found, call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary st.
I COOK, Yuba City, see party here; family cook,
$25; 10 houaegirls, $20; 10 housogirls. $15 to $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAID, country hotel; call early;
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
FRENCH maid as companion; $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WOMAN with a child: $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COOK. $30: second girl, same house, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
] COOK, $35: 2 second girls. $25 and $20; nurse,
$25; 15 houFework girls, city and country,
$20 and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 And $15.
MISS cui.leN, 325 Sutter st.
lIM.NKH In laundry, SL 1 .'., faro paid; chamber-
maid, sewing, $20; cook, German style, $30;
cook, French style, $25: laundress and cham-
bermaid, $25; second girl, across the bay, $20;
0 waitresses, hotels. $18 and $20; 2 cooks,
small restaurants. 120 and $25: and a great
many girls for cooking and housework in
city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
laundresses for an lnstltu- i
tlon, $25. call early. MURRAY & READY, i
Leading Employment Agents, R34-G36 Clay st.
LAUNDRESS, country hotel. $20: laundress for
Institution, city. $25. MURRAY & READY,
634 -«36 Clay st.
UNDER new management ladles receive cour-
tesy and prompt, excellent service. 313 Bush.
FIRST-CLASS trimmer, $15 (Kearny); tatloress.
$2 (Market); 2 ticket-sellers (Market); stenog-
raphers and milliners (Market): millinery
saleslady, $11 (Broadway) ; stenographer and !
typewriter. £25: orders in order just as re-
ceived to-day; ladles' department now under
new nianagcmenl. 3)^ Bush st.
2 FIRST-CLAPS trimmers. $75 and $S0; 2 young I
ladies, tailoring establishment; 3 lady ticket
agents. 313 Bush st.
CLOAK and suit saleslady: milliners; sales-
ladies' for department store; office assistant
for Sacramento. 1^23 Market Bt.
CLOAK salesladies. 6 salesladies. 5 factory
hands, talloress, seamstress. 1023 Market st.
GERMAN mother and Aatiarltttr n» cnok and i
second girl. MRS. LAMBERT. 417 Powell st j
LADY compositor — The address of one who de- !
sires a few days' occasionally; state experi-
ence and wages. Address Typo, box 2081. Call.
EXPERIENCED makers and apprentices on
gloves and suspenders. Apply CARSON
GLOVE CO., 35 Market st.
YOUNG lady barber wanted: state wages and
experience. GEORGE MILES. Vlsalia, CaJ.
YOUNG girl for general housework; no win- ;
dows or washing. 1909 Vallejo st.
ELDERLY lady to keep house; country; wages,
$10. Box 2056, Call office.
WANTED— German woman as cook In restau-
rant. 830 Howard st-
WANTED— Neat girl to assist In housework;
plain cooking; wages $10 to $12. 4628 18th st.
GIRL or middle-aged woman for housework.
716 Creon St.. between Powell and Mascn.
CAPABLE woman about 40: light housework.
1021 Van Ness aye., after 10.
YOUNG Kirl to take care of a child! 1204 Stev-
enson st.
SOLICITORS, city and country; staple goods;
permanent positions. 1155 Mission ft.
WANTED — We have a few vacant machines
for a limited number of inexperienced opera-
tors on white and fancy shirts. Standard
Shtrt Factory, corner Gough and Grove sts.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free; patterns 25c. MCDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
HELP Continued.'-.'
WANTED— Woman 25 to :35 . for light house-
work; can learn dressmaking; good home for
right party. Call after 12 at 116 Taylor st.
ROOMS, respectable house, from 25c night and
$1 50 week. 142 Seventh; central. - , '. .
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Lev! Strauss & Co. riveted cloth-
Ing. Apply MR. DAVIS. 32% Fremont st.
DR.' WISE the ladies' specialist, 14 McAllister
St.; open evenings; Sundays, 3 to 5 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; -perfect fit; no trying on: trial free. .
615 LARKIN Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— German farmer and wife, $40. nice
place; cook, country hotel, $40; driver for
milk wagon, $20 and found; also farmers,
milkers and others; neat waiter for coffee
S parlor, $6 50 per week W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay st. - -
BARBER to run a country hotel shop. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. IPS Geary st. . ■
FIVE more waiters, north. $40; 2 waiters, cloth
Jackets, $40, city; 5 waiters, country hotel,
$35 and free fare; 3 waiters, near city. $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
COOK, swell country hotel, $40, fare paid. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
ENGLISH man about place. wiUi references.
$30; man and wife, $40, man to milk, woman
to cook; farmer, $20: 2 choremen, $10. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary at.
TWO ironers, laundry, $30 and board; marker
and distributor, $30 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 108 Geary st. .. -
THREE colored waiters, $25. country hotel,
fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary St. ' '
MACHINIST wanted, city shop, $2 75 a day;
machinist, country shop; 3 miners, $2 50 a
day; 25 laborers, $1 60 a day. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st. .
COOKS- Waiters Dishwashers.
bakers, etc.. wanted at MURRAY &
READY'S, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— TO the woods, mills and farms tt — —
6 timber choppers, $45 and found ; 6 ■ second
choppers, $40 and found; 8 bark peelers, $30
and found; 236 wood choppers for different
places, $1 25. $1 70 a cord; 229 redwood tie-
makers, Be, 9c. 10c each; 4 milkers, $20 and
$25; farmer and wife, $30 and found; for
different places, $8, $9, $10 each. MURRAY
& READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay st. N '
CHEESE-MAKER and run engine, see boss
here. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED— Foreman and wife for ranch. $50;
laborers, for city, $1 75; laborers for country,
$20 and $26 and found; timber fellers,' $40 to
$45; blacksmith helper, $40 and. many others
for different kinds of work. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Butler, city $35; cook and wife,
country hotel, $50; night cook, country. $30;
waiter, country hotel, $30, and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook, chophoi=se, country, $35;
vegetable cook, $40; second cook, small place.
$30; waiter who can open oysters, $35; night
waiter, $35; indoor servant. $30; gardener, $25,
etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
GERMAN gardener, . country, $25 and board:
screw turner for mill, $40 and board; rough
carpenter, $1 50 a day; camp cook and helper,
$75. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay st.
INVESTIGATE the list of lucrative commer-
" cial orders at the Exchange, 313 Bush. St. ,
COME to-day and see the orders for reliable
men wanted. 313 Bush st.
WANTED A first-class carpet and upholstery
salesman to take charge of a department.
313 Bush st.
GERMAN barkeeper, $13; practical gold - and
silver electro plater, $3. 313 Bush st. •
YOUNG man, general merchandise store: office
manager; hardware specialty salesman. 313
Bush st. •
GROCERY clerk; Mexican saddle stamper; do-
mestic goods salesman and dry goods. 313
Bush st.
MAN and wife as manager and cashier for
Sacramento: $80. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife as manager and correspondent
for Seattle: cash business. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife to manage branch cash busi-
ness in Spokane. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife to superintend cash office busi-
ness; Tacoma; $75. 313 Bush st.
TRAVELING hardware specialty salesman; in-
terview to-day; excellent opening. 313 Bush.
$100 PER month — Office ■ partner; active ■ and
energetic; exceptional opportunity. 213 Bush.
ADVERTISING department manager; charge
local and foreign trade; catalogues. 313 Bush.
HOTEL porter. $25, country: ' Dell boy; furni-
ture van driver, experienced. 1023 Market at.
YOUNG man, office cashier; . Al wlnemaker;
machinist. 1023 Market st.
WANTED Solicitor with some experience in
Insurance or with building and loan associa-
tions; liberal inducements. Address box 2079.
Call office.
WANTED — Bright, intelligent business man to
represent large corporation on liberal terms;
must be able and convincing conversational-
ist: good address; well educated for inter-
view. Address box 2078, Call office.
YOUNG man with little experience to work in
bakery. Call between 10 and 2 o'clock. 127
Fifth st. '
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Secy., 102 7th; tel. South 628.
GOOD barber wanted Saturday. $3 50. 37 Third.
GOOD barber wanted at 1511 Market St., oppo-
site Van Ness aye.
BARBERS for- steady work; 8 chair shop for
sale. 207 Fourth St. "
BARBER wanted. 22 East st. ,
WANTED— Barber Saturday. $3 50. 1350 How-
ard st. • ■■■-,'
GOOD barber, $4, for Saturday and Sunday. 436
Bush st. ,
BARBER wanted. 148 Fifth st.
BARBER wanted. 58 Steuart st.
BARBER wanted for to-day; good wages. 797
Mission St.. corner Fourth.
WANTED— A barber for Saturday afternoon
and Sunday. '- 1059 Howard st. - : ■"
2 WAITERS wanted at 135 Fifth st.
FIRST-CLASS bartender, city or country, ref-
erences, wishes position.' Box 2875, Call office.
WANTED— A brass molder. 225 Beale st.
BOY to wash dishes: one who has done the
work before. 1631 Market st.
WANTED— A young man as waiter. 29 Fourth.
GILDER wanted. Jones. 547 Mission st.
BOOTBLACK for Saturday and Sunday morn-
ing, $1 60. 105 Fourth st. - . ...
WANTED— A man to cook and attend a little
: to bar. 550 Clay st.
TWO coatmakers and bushelman wanted for
country. 232 O'Farrell st. ■
WANTED— A first-class negative retoucher by
BECK BROS.. Fresno. Cal.
NIGHT clerk nt 126 Fifth st; wages, $16 and
room. Call between 2 and 4 p. m.
ELDERLY man ;to do chores around bakery.
1139 Folsom st. ...
BARBER-SHOP; $200: 2 chairs. 3 living-rooms;
rent $20. 321 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
WANTED— A ■ quick . general . tailor to work by
'': the " week; good wages ■ and steady work;
write. for particulars. J. ZINNAMON, Colusa.
WANTED— a: tailor to make pants and vests;
write for particulars; steady work.- J. ZIN-
XAMON, Colusa.
BOILER ■ makers ■ wanted . at the Rlsdon Iron
Work*. Beale and Howard sts. Apply at the
I Howard-st. entrance.
'FINE coat makers wanted. Apply bet 10 and
, 11 a. m.- to CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market st.
MAN for orchard work; married: steady lob
. Box 2102., Ca1l office. ... * i '
WANTED— Young man who has experience In
' plating. tableware...: 396 Sixth at.. t---:
2-CHAIK barber, shop for sale; ■ rent $6; elec-
trlc light;. price $45. 31 Eighth St.. nr. Market.'
SWEDISH or German man past middle-age to
make himself generally useful in a small
family; » 3o minutes from v city;, wages $6 a
month; comfortable . place to right party
Leave address at box 2012, Call office. .'
RECRUITS - wanted : for the United State*
marine s corps. United States navy; able-
bodied. -unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and ; 30 years. „ who are -; citizens .of - the
united States, or those who hnve legally de-
clared, their Intention to become such- must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read ' and ; write ? English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and . 6 feet . In height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office. 20 Kills st.;San Francisco. Cal.
"_£_*_-F_T___ ■ i AI : dress ■ goods . salesman/ Ap-
ply 523 Market at., room 7. from 2 to 8 p. m. 1
GOOD canvasser wanted— 9 : Geary • st., room 2.
FIRST-CLASS machinist— Highest wages to a '
: first-class workman. ■. H. GHANG. machine
d works, . 106 Fremont 5t. ..;
Bj^ H :HS ' : Ass'n Free . Employm't Office. a 7 I
'tLCiIS.Sec., 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136. i j
HELP WAN .2D- Continued.^
W^T^D^^^orers^and' mechanics to •.mow
thai Ed Rolkln. Ren o< . House proprietor smi
runs Denver. House. : 217 -hird it., 100 is-rs^.
rooms ; 25c ■ per night ; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED-At Montana House 764 : Mission
st men to take rooms: 10c. loc and 25c per
■' night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms; 2
nights 25c or-TJc week. 105 New Montgomery.
WANTED- ladies' tailor; ,no others
need apply. VERDIER, 944 Geary st.
MEN to feai.i barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 13SV. Eighth st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third , St.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-room,
free 'bus and baggage to and from .lie ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $X
night: $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths. ■
SINGLE rooms. 10c and loc night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sta.
MARKET. 563% (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c. 2ao
to 50c per night; $1 to $2 week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st., below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; II a week.
f-ARKIN. 615— Branch -of flee of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken. - ,
AGENTS WANTED. ___
SOLICITORS" for "The Beautiful Life of Mls«
Frances E. Wlllard"; published under th«
auspices and Indorsed by the W. C. T. U..
the only official book; prepared by Anna _or-
don, for 21 years Miss Willard's secretary:
beautifully illustrated; only $2; tremendous
, demand; bonanza for agents; superb book;
liberal commissions; complete outfit doc.
JOHN E. HOHAM & CO.. authorised dls-
trlbutors, 334 Dearborn St.. Chicago. 111.
PARTNERS WANTED. *
PARTNER wanted with $4000 In a flrat-clasa
family hotel. Box 2071. Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to nil new building. 840 Mis-
sion et.; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction ' Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
• - gomery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
ROO-iiS WANTED.
HOUSEKEEPING rooms; small family; West-
ern Addition; north of McAllister. Box 2020.
Call office. -
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — A good second-hand gasoline
launch. Lock box 329, Red Bluff. Cal.
WANTED— goals for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo. Chutes, city. ' . .-* -
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. - 109 ; Montgomery st. ■ ■ '•
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver. cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
H BALD'S Business College! 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice. . shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
-graduates placed since 1892 ; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
■ bookkeeping, ! telegraphy, etc. ; life - scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ACCOMPLISHED musician and linguist from
Europe is open to engagements. Box 2010,
Call office. - .
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
MRS. FRIEDBERG, voice culture; 50c a les-
son. 914 O'Farrell st. .
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions fn "96: 103 in '97. .;•■,;.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
• mar; day, night; $5 mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons.
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano. Paris graduate: French.
Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM electro-dental pariorsT^palnless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings, 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings.
997 Market St., cor. Sixth: "Phone Jessie 1693.
A FULL set of teeth. $5: see new flexible
"plates; light and thin: warranted ten years;
■ teeth without plates, crown and brldjre.work
our specialty: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 s*>; all
work painless and warranted. . Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction, 60c;
plates, $5; gold filling. 75c up; silver, 25a up;
plates mended. $1 up: open evenings and
Sundays. $69 Mission St.. cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
•no charge for extracting when plates are
made;* old plates made over like new; teeth
■ from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
813 Market St.. Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 30. 31 and 32, fifth floor.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market St.
SET of teeth without a plate. / DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Me-*
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 137 Beale st.
$15— HANDSOME high-arm sewing machine;
. complete; attachments; leaving city. 329
Chestnut st. .
NEWFOUNDLAND dog. well trained, . for
Klondike, to be sold cheap. 2130 Point Lobos .
avo.
BICYCLE, typewriter and a dress suit: owner
going East; apply evenings. ROSS, 632 Ellis.
GAS engine, 12-horse power; Oriental No. 4;
centrifugal pump; engine runs with gasoline,
coal oil, benzine or distillate. Box 2074, Call.
CALIGRAPH typewriter In fine order. $20: a
« bargain: send for sample of work. ALEX-
ANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery st.
TEN ■ large dogs for Klondike. 2321 Twenty-
■ third St., back City and County Hospital.
TWO fine Jersey milch cows for sale. . Ap-
ply at stable, 523 -Minna st., -above Sixth.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elec-
trical; new. 2d-hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
YOUNG fresh Jersey cow and heifer calf. 23«
Dore st. •
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment;
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HIT-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. *
FOR Second-hand Brunswick-Ballce-Col-
lender billiard table, in first-class condition.
Apply 1368 Geary at. - »
■FIRST-CLASS large windmill; 2 large new
tanks; brass pump, pipes, etc. 711 Treat aye.
COMPLETE set of tinning tools for sale cheap.
654 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
, ters, linoleum, . office • furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-lon
Mission st.. above Sixth. *
J. R. . POOL, - house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 737.
WHISKY. Kentucky. '97: bonded warehouse.
■ San Francisco: 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO., San Francisco.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belt- and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. ./ Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargnins in new and second-hand; n'l
Eizes: half original cost 109-111 Market. 3. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records, $6 per <lo_. ;
■: Projectoscope. $100. Bactgalupl, 983-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill. • scale, hand-truck, letter-press.
■ desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
• bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.-
ATTORNEYS AT • LAW.
ADviciTfree: divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without - success; collection., wills,
probate', insolvency, deeds, damages,, mort-
gages, copartnership, bills-of-sale. Patents.
• trademarks, etc.; established 10 years ,O\\.
j HOWE, att-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
■ W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. ■
~~~ -. LOST. ■ -;.;,;.~ •/.:*-.
ON Tuesday morning, a gold locket: picture
• enclosed. ". Return 1530 Golden Gate. ; reward.
CASH given for old gold and silver jewelry at
, UNCLE HARRIS. -15 Grant aye. -
~~ SIMMER RESORTS.
ELEGANTLY furnished hotel In ' Mill Valley.
SO rooms, baths and all : latest Improvements; ■
.*■ beautiful; grounds; "unsurpassed view; only
• <)i hour from San ' Francisco:* rent low. "Par-
. tlculars. MADISON & BURKE. CSS Market.
■"••'".", .BICYCLES.
j TO Trade— First-class ' rifle \ for a -bicycle la
good repair. ;A. 8.. box 2070. Call office.,>•, >• • IIVbINESS CHANCES. *
$225— PARTNER wanted by a lady in pork and
delicacy store; choicest location; close to
Market st. ; doing first-class paying r business;
rare chance for good man. Inquire WILKE.
783 Market St. .. - - ; . • -
A— $1500; old-established saloon with ;15 fur-
nished rooms; doing a first-class paying busi-
ness; choicest location; close to Ellis and
Market sts.; net rent only $40; will sell or
exchange for property. Inquire WILKE, 783
■ Market st. " " ' '■ ." ■
A— s7so: OLD established restaurant, 1 block
from cor. Fourth and Market; kept by owner
years and doing a rushing, good paying busi-
ness; Investigate soon. WILKE, 783 Market.
A— s4so; CORNER saloon' on San Bruno road,
with 3 living rooms; rent $20; good paying
place .and stock worth the money. WILKE
783 Market st. •
FIRST-CLASS restaurant 'for sale . In very
best suburban town across the bay; located
on corner of two of the most prominent
streets; practically without opposition in its
neighborhood; positively, clearing $200 to $250
per month; owner there for over seven years
and offers his business at a great sacrifice on
account of departure north; no reasonable
offer refused. M. LESS, 765 Market st. ■
PARTNER wanted in well paying res-
taurant; central; owner tired of unreliable
help; trial given to -suitable party. • Apply
_ M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$1750— DAY saloon; established 25 years; among
.wholesale houses; value of stock fully $2000;
business speaks for itself;, full Investigation;
an Al proposition. Apply at on.cc to M. LESS.
TO;. Market St. ,
$700— RESTAURA NT in largest manufacturing
district of this city; receipts $.",5 per- day;
proof furnished and trial- given if you mean
business; rent only $30. M. LESS, 765 Market.
1500— PARTNER wanted In a commission busi-
ness, established over 20 years, doing a good
paying business; best of references furnished;
thorough investigation allowed; must -be a
steady, sober man. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
A— sl2s— SALOON; daily receipts $10; value In
sight; a snap. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
$400; RESTAURANT; nicest little place in
city; $15 to $25 daily. KREDO & CO.. 22%
Geary st. •
A— ssoo; FRENCH restaurant; well worth $1000;
value in sight; good steady business. KREDO
_ CO., 22% Geary st.
A— s2so; HOME bakery; bargain at $500; noth-
ing like it ever offered. KREDO & CO., 22%
■ Geary st. ■ ■ ■ ••
A— s4so; SALOON, near city; clears $130.
$500 — Saloon and lunch, near theaters; snap.
$630 — Saloon; best corner north of MaTket.
Money loaned. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st. .
CORNER saloon; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN _ CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$150 — CANDY store and Ice-cream parlors; bar-
gain. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
GROCERY and bar; selling on- account of
sickness. .Mclaughlin & CO., 23 Kearny.
$123— CIGAR stand; bargain: this day. .~ Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
$450— CORNER • grocery and bar; a bargain.
$S0O — Grocery and bar; best corner in city.
52." — nice cigar store; good location;
$300— Branch bakery and notions; paying well.
Also several saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON & CO.'S, 777 Market st.
FRUIT store; best in the city $600
Stationery store in Hayes Valley 500
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
SALOON, 6 rooms; near Call building; worth
$2000: only $S3O. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
FOR — An established nursery; nearly 2 I
acres of land, with green houses, heating !
apparatus, etc.; choice stock of plants;, good I
business chance for the right man. Apply to
A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
GENTLEMAN having* $5000 can have control of j
business here in which there is no competi- j
tion; can easily ci»ar $15,000 the first year;
no stock to purchase. Address, for inter-
view, box 2054, Call office. '■
$200— PARTNER wanted in light business suit-
ed to steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a
week; no experience required; trial given.
724% Market St., . room 17.
EXCHANGE— What have you to trade for sta-
tionery and variety business worth $i 00?
Rare chance. Box 2076, Call office.
WANTED— A man with $250 to $500; one of the
best paying businesses in the city; Investi-
gate to-day. Box 2091, Call office.
WANTED— Partner saloon; open day and night
for 50 years. 630 Sacramento St., northeast
, corner of Kearny.
STORE carrying crockery, hardware, tinware,
agateware, paints, oils, etc., for sale. 1532
Union st.
FOR sale— Restaurant and chophouse: best
location; opposite the ferries. -Call at IS
East st.
HOME bakery, notions; < established 4 -years; :
? good - tra<ie - « rooms; rent tir,. 1913 Howard.
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE .'.'. •- ' ", ;
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE,
. 7G5 Mission, bet. Third and Fourth. San Fran-
cisco; 94 rooms; all new beds; on one floor;,
partitions included which cost over" $2000:
running full; cheap rent, long lease, privilege
of renewing same; on Investment of $2000 for
ISS7 eighty (SO) per cent per annum was real-
ized over all expenses, which can be proved,
with even better prospects this year; for sale
on accoount of falling health and old age.
Address as above or inquire -or. premises.
RESTAURANT Men, Attention— One of the
oldest and best paying restaurants south of
Market st. : right In center of large factories
and foundries: always full and clearing $130
per month; price $350; trial given; cause of
sale owner retiring from business. Box 2123.
Call office. .-. ■■ ' -
COUNTRY blacksmith shop for sale, with all
necessary tools and stock; situated on Boul-
din Island. San J'oaquin County. For further
information Inquire of H. VOORMAN, 506
Battery st., San Francisco, or at the prem-
ises on Bouldin Island. .
FOR SALE— business of the late . John
Gross; the oldest established candy factory
and ice cream parlors In' San Joaquin Coun-
ty. Address 25 North Eldorado St., Stockton,
< : al.
SIOCO— ONE-TENTH interest in advertising busi-
pess; at conservative estimate will net $5000
a year in S. F. ; investor can handle his own
money. Apply CAHILL, 107 Sixth st,
CARPENTER shop; good* location; cheap rent;
$75 to $100 income per month: $75 worth of
stock; will sell Tor $75; owner having to leave
the city. Box 2121. Call office.
FOR Pale, account of sickness, first-class sa-
toon; open for years; price very low. FER-
RARI & CANEPA, 407 Montgomery aye., or
- 628 Vallejo st. ■ ■ .
OLD-ESTABLISHED news ana stationery
store and laundry office, doing good business;
I am going to Alaska; make offer. 101',_ Flftn.
CORNER grocery In Oakland, Including
horse, wagon and fixtures; established trade.
Address Grocer, box 11. Call office. Oakland.
ON account of other business, will sell half or
whole of best saloon in city; fine location;
cheap rent. Inquire Cll office. _^_^_^^
$300 — OLD-ESTABLISHED stationery, news
and cigar-store for sale at a sacrifice. Apply
Call branch, 621 McAllister St.
$300 WILL purchase the Nickel saloon, stock,
fittings and furniture. 130 Seventh st., near
the new Postoffice site.
-FOR SALE chean— Stock and fixtures in nov-
\ elty store. .1417 Polk st. ..
$150— BRANCH bakery and notion store; re-
ceipts, $4 to $7 day; 3 living rs. 3012 Sixteenth.
$50— SALOON for sale; cause, sickness. Apply
316 Tehama st. .
FOR sale for half its value, the old cigar
store at 38 Second St., owing to continued
sickness and age; come quick.
GOOD soda' water route for" sale cheap; horse,
harness, wagon. Apply 98 Chenery St., cor.
Thirty-first.
FOR Sale— Cigar store. 522 Battery st. Open
• from 7 a. m. to 6 p. m.
A FINE bakery, stationery and notion, worth
$800, to be sold for $500; must sell. "32 Fol-
som et.
BARBER shop at sacrifice on account of sick-
ness. 434 Pacific St.
GOOD bakery with outside route; good loca-
tion; parties going to country. Box 16, Call
branch office, 106 Eleventh st.
LOON at a reasonable price; good location.
• Apply Albany Brewery. .-
SHOE store; well-established custom trade.
Apply Call branch office. 339 Hayes st. «
$400 — CIGAR store, with 4 rooms in rear. 1519
Market st.
FOR sale— One of the best bakeries in the city.
Inquire at 1509 Polk st. ■
PATENTS— SMITH 4; OSBORN. Reglsfd Pat.
Agents: established 1862. ;319; 319 Pine St., city.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or ».t 183 Third St., Portland. Oregon. ;
FIRST-CLASS 1-chalr • barber. ; shop: 2 living
rooms; 3 years' lease; building insured. Ad-
dress HENRY BERDROW, Le Grand, Cal.
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin sts., rent
$20; 2 fine basements, oft Market St., suitab'
for any business or storage. Apply 15 Gray.*.:..
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL. & Cp.'S. 415 .Sacramento st. -
- -.". : ~~ stV)rage. ;; ' ' '.
:: AT ' . low rates— Furniture, " carpets, . pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN. . 1017 ,to 1023 ,
Mission St.. above Sixth; open evenings. .
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made:, fireproof ■ building. '• F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821. ■
■~ TVPEWKI'IBHS. ■' ■ ;
YOST, good order, ■ $25; send for : sample • work. *
■ BOOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery. St. - : ■'■
' ELEVENTH, Branch ! office ?of i Xbt C***" '
•-•—••■lotlona and want ada taken.
J__ : PERSONALS. - :
HYPNOTISM taught in five lessons, by lady
, metaphysician of wide experience; all may
witness demonstrations tq-nlght : free; -last
evening to the public. 911 Van Ness aye.
NICE -young -man wishes the acquaintance of
a young or middle-aged lady with some good
capital; object matrimony, (all or address
. JOHN MICHAEL. 765 Market st.. room 23.:
BOXING and bag punching taught ■. by an ex-
. pert thoroughly: in eight private lessons, even-
ings; moderate. Address box 1460, Call office.
MATRIMONIAL. ;
ALL seeking marriage send 10c and postage for
-March "Wedding Bell"; 1C pages: no $5 re-
quired. Editor, 111 Ellis St., San Francisco.
- BUSINESS PERSONALS.
A FREE prescription for monthly irregulari-
ties;- It .never fails to relieve in one day; no
deadly drugs, pills or capsules; the prescrip-
t ion will be sent free with every ,$3 order,
after which it can be made at home •at a
cost of a few cents; by sending $2 in 2c
stamps enough of the remedy will be sent to
.last six months; office hours, 10 to 4, 6 to 8
; evenings. THE ATWELL CO.. 36% Geary St..
■ San Francisco.
LITHO engraving battleship Maine, ran->"<!
and unframed;- picture framing with glass 7x9
' inches, 10c: SxlO 1 and 10x12, loci 11x14 anil 1 _
xl 6, 20c; 14x17, 2.'c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20x24.
. 45c; 22x28. 60c; curtain poles " complete, 15c;
room molding; alt colors, lc per. foot; open
evenings. JONES. 547. Mission st. ,; - - ■
AS. a first-class .hair-dresser I pride myself
upon having no equal : price only 25c ; good
switches $1; best, ' finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton at. , ■- ;
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
DRUMMER'S samples little boys' fancy and j
plain suits at a sacrifice. 10; Sansome at.,
upstairs. '
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. S. F. ■ _
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
. movement. $06 Market, room 25. second floor.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method electric mas-
sage; rooms heated. Office 10, 118 Grant aye.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic effects a healthy
growth. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny.
TRUNKS moved. ■ ■ 25c. Commercial Transfer
." Co., 22 Stockton st. : phone Main 49. m
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— stylish dresses,
• $5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 86.
: ■ CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease: full life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and dairy.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
/sittings daily. 123% Sixth St., room 14.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, 131 Taylor St., room
2; mind-reader and palmist. ■ . •;-;.-.!■
MISS PEARL . HARRISON, card reader and
jj magnetic healer. Room 2, 120% Geary st.
: MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
- -water reader. 921% Mission; German spoken.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post St.. room 10.
MISS L. DEAN, magnetic healing, card
reader. 906 Market st., room 41, top floor.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers- to
all questions; L.. 25c; 0.. 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business i
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
I MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession; never fails: advice: help. 929 Post.
MME. SVAENSON, only reliable card reader
and fortune teller; 2'c. -.41 Geary st.
SPIRITUALISM. .
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia: sittings.
$1; circles Tues.,. 2; Sat, eve., 8 p. m. 25c.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing mc-
i dium. 118-Halght st. .i... .'j-.-^.. ■'■-- >.■■■•■■ ■
MRS. SHRINER,' clairvoyant for business and
. spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy st., room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 218 Stockton st. .
. . - PALMSTRY. . ~~
i PROF. BAZANT, palmist,' has removed from
- 307 Jones to 597 Kills.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
| BY joining Lewis' expedition the Klondike
country can be reached for 'one-half; new
I route; number limited: Investigate this. Room
I 321. Safe Deposit building.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO.,
■' wholesale and retail grocers, 631 Washington.
LARGE long-haired dog; suitable for Alaska;
, a bargain. 130 Seventh. st. .
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
at 610 Van Ness aye. ' . ■
YUKON dog harness: best made, for. sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN, 1238 Flllmor. St.
i KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE dogs: also Great Danes and Fox
i terriers. KILLIP'S Sale Yard, 1730 Market st.
i CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves In the
'' world. HOLMES & CO.. 416-418 Jackson st.
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER. 400 , Pacific st
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson s>ts.
; OCEAN or river steamers, Failing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW, 4 Butter.
615 LARKTN ST.-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
' IW-ROi ; clears $350 ................. $6500
I r 20 rooms, on Van Ness aye :... 1100
35 rooms, on Van Ness- aye 2000
12 robins, on O'Farrell; clears $50 500
7 rooms, new; payments; on Taylor St.. 400
11-room house; sunny corner; fine 500
' 26 rooms; new and. good 800
'■ 36 rooms, on Mission 1000
32 rooms, on Market; clears $250 "....'.... 2800
24 rooms, on Kearny: clears $200 2500
. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.' opp. Fifth.
KREDO & CO, Successful Brokers, 22% Geary.
60 rooms; clears $150; good transient.. $1200
26 rooms: Market St.; clears $75; snap.... 450
1C rooms; Market st., near Sixth;. offices. 700
12 rooms; Third St.; rent $27 50...:........ 200
11 rooms; all rented; corner; worth $600.. 825
'■'' 10 rooms; all new; central and sunny.... 325
7 rooms; O'Farrell st; clears $35........ 225
$675^-12" ROOMS; nice little boarding-house;
clears $100 month. KREDO _ CO. 22 Geary.
$400— 7 ROOMS; lovely home: free rent and $25
profit. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.
$300—15 ROOMS; corner I Market; clears $f.O;
don't miss it. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.
$400— LODGING-HOUSE, 23 rooms; bargain.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$50— LODGING-HOUSE of < 6 rooms, i furnished;
sickness. • Inquire at 268 Stevenson St.
13- ROOM house; all full; must be sold;
sickness. 320 Minna st.  ■
~? ~ CAJEU'E'- CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works: cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; . telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAL'LDING'ST Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works. 413 McAllister; Jessie J2l^__
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co. 402 •; Butter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relald at Be.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. -. Jessie 944.
GREAT ■ Eastern ■• Steam ■ Carpet - Cleaning
Works. U Bth st. B. GRANT;. teI. Jessie 201.-
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaninjr Co.. 240 14th
 st. ; cleaning, 3c; a yard;; tel. Mission 74. ,
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating- Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
y\ . ■ Tssessm kn7~n"()Ti<T_s._
ASSESSMENT NOTICE— WUtraHI • Propeller
• Company, office and principal place of busi-
ness 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
• Notice is hereby given 1 that at a meeting of
" the Board of Directors, 7 held on - the : 7th day
:■'- of March, 1898, an assessment .(No. 4) r of one
" (1) cent per share was levied upon the capital
stock of the corporation; 'payable immediate-
ly in United States gold coin to the secretary
at the : office of , the \ company at the above
a Any"stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 12th day. of April, 1898,
: - will be delinquent* and advertised for sale at
i "• public ■ auction, and t unless •■ payment ' is ■ made
before, will be sold on the day of April,
' 1898 '* to pay the ' delinquent ■ assessment, ,, to-
gether with '" costs of t advertising'; and ex-
' penses of ; sale. By order of _; the 3oard of
Directors. C^ ARL _ S A , HUG - Secretary,
-'■■• -;■-■■■ . •- :■-.-■- '-. i -. 327 Market st
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1898.
- - •■ -■•* HOUSES. to let. _■■.-;-'..■-■
ALL OVER TOWN j -t~
You see houses ;to . rent •by -BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10. Montgomery. ■ -• '"■' ■
BAY-WINDOW house 4 rooms and basement.
212 Perry st: rent $12 50: ( water free. /Apply
to- O. H. UMBSEN . & CO., 14 Montgomery.
GLEN PARK, 36, off Twelfth St.— 7 rooms. |
bath, laundry; 2 yards: $25. . DEMPSTER. -
JULIAN AYE.. 137. • near j Sixteenth ! and Mis-"
- slon; 7- room house and bath; $15. . ;.I
MCALLISTER. SlB — Sunny house, 8 rooms;
front and rear garden; rent reduced $35.
OAK, 421— Stylish Eastlake residence.. 8 rooms,
■ and bath: latest Improvements, .$35. '.-:.'■-.•-■*
HOUSE of 4 rooms and stable. Apply.
Twenty-seventh and.. Alabama sts. ' . :. ■ -.
6-ROOM house, bath and basement. $11: -Laurel
aye., near Turk and Buchanan sts. HOOKER
& LENT. 14 Post st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR six months: furnished house;, 8 rooms;
•marine view. Box .2077, . Call office. .
MINNA, 713V4— rooms completely furnished
• for housekeeping; ready to move in.; cheap.
MISSION, 2726." sunny belt— Parlor floor 5 nice-
ly furnished rooms; every convenience for
housekeeping; piano; .bath; 'gardens; .$25..:
~r. 4 ' ■. " COTTAGES TO LET. '
BERKELEY— Furnished cottage, electric lights i
throughout, to rent for the summer. 2115,
Bancroft way, near Berkeley Station; $25.
COTTAGE to let to man and wife. 'Apply at
SOS% Union st. ■ -
SUNNY cottages. 4 and 5 rooms: bath; base-
ment: yard and stable; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth
St., near Dolores. ' ' _
FURNISHED FLATS.
HOWARD, 2443— Lower flat. 5 rooms, laundry,
bath, piano, sewing machine ; fine location.
FLATS TO LET.
BUCHANAN, 511 A— Sunny corner, five rooms;
reasonable; furniture for sale.
CAPP, Flat of 3 large rooms; large base-
ment; rent $10. '_J_ ___
ELEGANT sunny flat of 8 rooms. 2019 Sacra-
mento st. - - ' ' ;
ELEGANT top flat; 6 rooms, bath; latest im-
provements. 145 Grove St., near City Hall.
FELL, 1118— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
* parlors, ■ etc. ■•■■•■ '■ ." ■ ■ '"- ■" '-
NICE modern flat; every room sunny; 6 rooms
■and bath; Guerrero St., between Fourteenth
and Fifteenth; Valencia and Guerrero st. cars
handy. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., House j
Renters and Real Estate Agents, 630 Market.
SUNNY corner flat, 5 rooms. $17; inside, flat,
with bath, $15: newly painted and papered;
corner Twelfth and Folsom . sts. Apply
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
4 AND 6 room flats; some with gardens; sunny;
attractive view; on Twelfth st. and Glen Park
aye. • $12, $13. $14. $18 and $23 60. DEMPSTER, j
36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st. •■*
I $16: FLAT 5 rooms and 'bath, yard. 28 Wash-
i ington. aye., oft Mission St., near Ninth,. '
j LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms;
624 Golden Gote aye.. near Van Ness. .
$13— NICE sunny flat. 5 rooms; bath, gas'' and
yard. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
$13— WATER free; sunny lower 4-room flat;
modern; large lot: garden. 4075 Twenty-third
st., few steps from Castro: care key 4071. '
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
ELGIN Park. 36, off Thirteenth— 3 or 4 large j
sunny rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping: running water; every convenience.
ELLIS 706, near Larkln— Sunny front rooms,
connecting or s'eparate;.-housekpg; reasonable.
FIFTH. 149%— Nicely furnished sunny house- ;
keeping rooms; also single and double Tooms. j
i FIFTH, 325— 3 clean .furnished housekeeping |
rooms, -$l3; 2. $12; also single "room, $3. .
FIRST. 369 — 2 sunny rooms; complete for house- ;
keeping; also single rooms; rent reasonable.
j FOLSOM, 523— Large" front 1 bay-window room
for housekeeping; also single room/connect- j
ing; hot and cold water;. -bath. .
i FOLSOM, 974— Sunny room complete for house-
| keeping; rent reasonable. ■ :
FOURTH, 223— Nice sunny front rooms for
housekeeping. • '■ * ' -
i GEARY. 429— Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children.
i HICKORY aye.. 181. near Furnished
*. housekeeping rooms, every convenience, ,$8 up.
HOWARD, 504— .Pleasant.. sunny housekeeping
• rooms; complete: bath, gas; rent cheap. .
' HOWARD, 762— Furnished rooms , for house-
• keeping; also 'unfurnished room with stove.
i HYDE. 1412—3 newly furnished rooms for light
. housekeeping preferences. . . ' •
; MCALLISTER. 422—2 or 3 nicely furnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas range.
I MISSION, 1024 — Sunny bay-window alcove
room; complete, for housekeeping; single
rooms. . . • -
MISSION, 1053—2 or 3 nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; use of piano If desired.
OCTAVIA, 1403, ' corner Geary— Bay-window
kitchen, gas stove. $12; other suites cheap.
i POLK, 622— Unfurnished or furnished room;
suites or single; rent cheap.
MISSION. 561—2 pleasant sunny rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping: $9 per month. •
j SOUTH PARK.' 134—1 nicely furnished sunny
front housekeeping rooms, . complete, $9 mo.
TENTH, 126 2 or 3 nicely furnished rooms com-
plete for., housekeeping; rent reasonable. .
! THIRD, 309—2 sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping, $7; other rooms.
TWELFTH, 145, cor. Howard— furnished
rooms complete for housekeeping: ■ -
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
'. Call. .Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. ■ . •
| ■ frC ' c'e '
ROOMS TO LET.
! ALTON, 204 McAllister— sunny large
front and single rooms; $6 mo. up; bath; gas.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given. .
BOND, 16— Nicely furnished front room for 1
j or 2 gentlemen. . . : . .'', . ' ■ . ■
' BRYANT, 430 Sunny nicely furnished room;
-suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $7 per month.
CENTRAL House, 62 Good family & single
• rms.; day, 25, 50c; wk., $1 25. $2 50; mo.. $s. up.
DELAWARE, ' 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY. 118— Sunny, clean rooms, $6; housekeep-
ing suite cheap; quiet house. . . •' .
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms , per night.
I 50c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families. / .
EDDY, Pleasant furnished . front, rooms,
•single or en suite; also sunny kitchen; reason-
able. ■ . ■ '-...'I -i- ■•
FRANKLIN, 201, corner Fell— An elegant new-
ly furnished modern sunny room for 2, $8 mo.
FULTON, 833 — unfurnished front rooms
with board. The Mlzpah. .
GEARY, Large sunny bay-window • room,
• light housekeeping suite and. single room.
GEARY, 774—2 large furnished sunny parlors
In quiet private family. .
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
- rooming house; $160 to $6 per week. , ;
HAVES 562—3 lovely sunny connecting rooms,
• 118; single, $10, $7. $4; housekeeping if desired.
HOWARD, 524— Nicely j furnished front • sunny
room. 'with alcove; suitable for 2; reasonable.
HOWARD, 715, '.'« ST. , DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
HOWARD 983— 8y • day,' ; weeK or month; 25c,
30c. 75c and $1 per day; $5 to $15 per month.
HOWARD, 1153.' near -.' Well-furnished
> sunny rooms, quiet and respectable. $6 to $12
per .month. r -' ;. .. :. ; v
KEARNY, 23— New and sunny suites and sin-
gle; rent moderate; use of kitchen.
KEARNY, ) 215— Newjy furnished suites; also
" single rooms;- first" floor. -*-•- "V-;. '
MARKET. 1203— Sunny ; corner, nicely furnish-
es ed rooms; day, week or month; reasonable. ■■
MASON. . Large sunny : room ; ? also . single
' " room; gas, ; bath ; ; private : family : reasonable. ;
MCALLISTER, 515— Nicely - furnished : front
suite; $15 per month: hot ' and cold ■ water... -■,
MISSION, 1226, bet.; Eighth and Ninth— 3 sunny
rooms; parlor floor; together or : otherwise;
bath, gas and piano; ~ -:-,- -''."'., -» ; j ' .-.- ■ .;;,
* NEVADA. House, 132 Sixth— Select ( rooms. $1 50
. to $4 50 '■week, $6- to $15. month; also ■- house-
Vi'i keeping.'.; '.-.;.-.*.';,- -',-.v ; '*'■--.. c.^*. .■■-, ■/.;,'■:'.-
O'FARRELL, 535%— Large ):■ front -' room, v fur-
t ■ nished or '; unfurnished, ■ for 2, ;$8 per.; month.
: OAK, 22— Nicely I furnished ' modern i rooms, \s6
•■: and ; $8 ; mo.; suitable for 2; - nice location. < -'.-i;
PERRY, 174— Large furnished I sunny room ; hot
, ' water; .bath ; 1 use kitchen ; , reasonable. _'. ; ; , ■
PHILADELPHIA House, 421 » Bush— Rooms;
:r gas; running water; $1 week up; sunny.
PINE. 739— Nicely ." furnished i suite iof parlors; :
■:*■ suitable ■ for.; man; and f. Wife;, -cheap."'' ■■■> - ■■ _
POWELL. '1 203 (The Montello)— Sunny i J suites
and ; single « rooms ; ; reasonable ; ' transient. ; - '
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
POWELL. 509 — Two nicely * furnished-: sunny
rooms adjoining; suitable for ; two gentlemen. ■
SHERMAN Apartment " House.- " 28 Eighth St..
■ near Market; furnished and' unfurnished. '
SOUTH PARK, 111— Nicely  furnished \ sunny
window room; suitable for 1 or 2 gentle-
men; $8 month. ' " ....
SIXTH. - 125— Nicely furnished front r sunny
3 rooms ; * very reasonable; double; and single.
STOCKTON, ■- 17 — European ; | elegant - rooms;
suite or single; -day, week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient;, elevator. ,
SUTTER. 715-717-719. • and. 6o9 i Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn. : choice and sunny; reasonable.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
FOLSOM, Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location. 'j' . .
GEARY, — Elegant modern sunny rooms and
first-class board; . reasonable ; ; references. ;
HYDE • 925— Sunny suites; * first-class board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHER-
ton. "--..;■ •; "' ' ' : "'' :■: \-- ■'
HYDE. ' 1105— Front sunny ■ bay-window room:
gas; bath; running water; first-class board;
$20 a month. •■''-■-.' '-.-. . :
O'FARRELL, 816— Modern sunny rooms j with
first-class table board; private family; ref.
SOUTH PARK, Good table board. $3 per
week, with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
TURK 812— Nice room two gentlemen: bath;
;. gas; grate: : board: private family; $35. - - - ■! ■
VAN NESS . aye. — Beautiful ' sunny E rooms;
southern exposure; building new; all mod-
" em' conveniences: newly furnished; elegant
for gentlemen ; board optional. Apply at SOS
Vnn Ness aye. ' .".•-• '
STOKES TO LET.
CORNER grocery; fixtures -complete; 3 rooms;
brick basement. Northeast corner Dolores
and Fifteenth sts..
HOWARD, IMS — to let; 2 living rooms;
rent cheap.
STORE, .with. r00m5, .2946 Mission. St. occupied
for 9 years as cigar and "stationery store;
near school. . '■ '•.*■■•
;y STAPLES TO LET.
STABLE, with office and large lot, to lease;
suitable for contractor, ; milkman. -sale stable,
etc ■ on Fifteenth St., between Guerrero and
Dolores. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real
Estate Agents. •'■ '" Market' st. ■ ■
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WHVTS THAT YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL. NOW. WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made in 1898,' with every dollar ex-
pended on the instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1849 scales ?.*-. -.
' I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
■ from top to bottom and "will back it with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
' ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this instrument with $2,000,000, this, I
think, a good guarantee. > :,-,": . •
The piano is the Kingsbury.
The price Is $-2. ' '" .
• The address Is 528 liayes st.
The firm Is J. HARRY; SCOTT. -
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to invest!- I
- gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash.. Bargains
! in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
•- payments and some (rood pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
■ Steinway: Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
st 3., San Francisco,- and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. ■ ' • .
A FEW more bargains In second-hand pianos —
Ronisch •••'-■•••:*• "...:.......... '.5123
Mathusek. 150
I Augustus Baus & Co 5; '.. 200 I
Cameron • 250 i
Byron Mauzy :. 300
- • . BYRON MAUZY. pianos. 308-312 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chlcapo Is , KOHLER & CHASES.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell .st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments . of all
grades and prices. ■ Terms easy: prices low-
est. .Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
ONE Newhall pian0...... $55
One Zich piano 70
One 'FU-cher piano :: V. "..'..... 80
Twenty 'ethers it all prices.
BEN.t. CUB' & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell.
SOHM>ER & CO.. Byron Maur.y. Newby, Evans,
■ Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
; no interest first year. • 308, 310, 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense ■ reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market st.
PIANOFORTE, square grand; a bargain; $60;
- cost $200. Apply 130 Seventh, st. • " -'-' :
WANTED— UprIKht i 'no to use - for storage
by rei=ponsibW : lft<l> --11 Howard st. •■ •-*
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; .an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st. ; . • .
FINE upright: great bargain. 16 McAllis-
ter at..- next Hlbernla Bank.. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C HAMILTON, 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: -new sealu: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 OFarrell st. -
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad.. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
.MEDICAL..
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M.. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years'. practice; safe and quick cure guar- i
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace |
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
'- though e>se fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies -adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister st.; pills, $2. .
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from • whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind, sympathy,, and
aid; Instant relief ■ for travelers; tumors re- !
moved by electricity; home In confinement; |
best care and privacy; for guaranteed " relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, - $1.
' MRS. DR. WEYTH. 918 Post st., nr. Larkln.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness aye.—
near or far, consult free the only doctor who
uses-fk-henck's method, the celebrated French i
physician; a safe. sure and reliable cure for
all irregularities from whatever cause; re-,
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled; 15 years' practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pills, $2.
A SURE, . safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; , a home In confinement, with best
■ possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st. ■
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own " physi-
,- cian for female ' troubles, no matter what
cause;- restore in 1 day; never fails; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram."
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly: all
cases of i monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used; cure at of-
fice, $5; consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st. <
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro: price
: $1 sa ; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay at.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Beguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal. ■
ALPEAU'S -French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 60;
express C. O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister st. ; diseases of wo-
men and children. ... . - :■ . -.--- .
LADIES— 4 Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe rem-
-. edies; 38 years', experience. 254*4 Fourth st. '
HOME In- confinement; diseases of j women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St., Ala in- la. _
616 LAJtKlN— Branch office .of the Call. Sub-
- i&cription* anti want nUn taken. * ;', -'
,■"■; v_> ■ ■■■.:- 'HORSES.-; .'■ "
TWO fast pacers. '1 carriage horse and 1 finely
■ i matched road team. Call at Santa Clara
.. Stables, 164 . Golden ■ Gate aye. .'
HORSES, harness, '■ laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
, changed at Emporium, ' 220 Valencia -.v " :'■
WANTED— SO' old horses free from disease
. and ; physic ; for feed ■ for the animals. - Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city.
40 HORSES : for sale; also wagons, v buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade .Horse Mar-
' ket. 327 Sixth st., ■ auction sales * every I "Wed-
tnjodnv. ■ PT'T.LTV*»g *• nOYT.'F:. ? An»tloneer«.
. WAGONS AND CARRIAGES./
GOOD delivery wagon cheap. . Inquire Meat
'..Market., 576 Howard st. , -. - .--.■■ .
FINE laundry,* baker's and milk wagons cheap
-■for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
* buggy: also 1 hack. *2« Harrison st. '• '•'
' •' % LEGAL v NOTICES. •;'
CITY and County ", Treasury, i San Francisco,
March 16, 1898— In compliance with the provis-
ions of section 5 of order 1588 of the Board of
■i- Supervisors, .; approved '■ September -' 15, 1880.
■ i there- will be , sold at public auction ' by E. S.
Bpear & ■ Co., <at : their salesrooms, v3l and ) 33
Kutter street, on ■ , .■-■: -. - .
butter MONDAY, APRIL 18. IS9S, ?
- At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen,'
S lost and i unclaimed property, recovered by the
•'> police i force ' of . San : Francisco, ", as I detailed : In
i an inventory : thereof ' on ' file <In the > office ■of
'•'•■ the clerk r of - the ; Board ;of Supervisors, and
; . consisting of * Jewelry, wearing- apparel,' pis-
•-" tols, knives, • etc. ; also a lot of trunks, valises,
■ clothing, .- etc.; 1 property sof j deceased r persons
"'.'■ received ■, from i the t Coroner fof this: city and
• ' county "" Open for inspection «on - morning ;of
sale .r A.C..WIDBER, ;
City and Count; Treasurer.
' - - : ■.!:-•"- ■■ :■ ■ ■ ■■- . ■ " .
CITY , REX; ESTATE. .
FOR ' SALE- Che:,;,, ,m \ easy terms.' a ; new s 5-
. room cottage and ■ bath, at ' 3252 Folsom f st. ;'
'owner on premises from 10 to 4 p.m. Sunday.
BARGAlN— Handsome new 2-story 6-room cot-
tage; very sunny; fine view: 1114 Green 1 st.;
easy terms. HOOKER & LENT. It Post st.
BIG bargain— 6-modern Western Addition flats,
$15,000; renting for $133 50; $7000 can remain
on mortgage. ■ Postoffice .box 2495.' -
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE. '.;
FOR " Sale— ls2^> acres clear land, : with stock,
...crop and implements.; near school and depot;
:.• will take in , part San Francisco improved
■; property; \ no agents. Inquire 330& Sixth st.,
from 9 to 3. . . . "•;•
RARE Chance— 4%' acres, . Anthony division,
Brasford Park: 1 mile below San Mateo. In-
quire UMBSEN & CO., Montgomery, near
Market. =v ■ - ,  '" : . ;.
A RARE chance for .investment: near-by prop-
erty—For sale, .100 acres valuable land in the
favored 1 locality of San Lorenzo, Alameda
' County; superior vegetable land. . producing
on -an average about 150 sacks per acre per
annum of first-class potatoes, selling at from
75 to 100 .'.per cent more than most potatoes
sold in San Francisco: the soil is deep, "rich
alluvial, possessed of the qualities required to
i produce first quality potatoes, of which there
Is so little land convenient to San Francisco;
the regular price per sack lias been for "years
$1 on the, ground, and often higher. Now- the
' owner Is' delivering at the wharf, 'San Fran-
' Cisco, /at. $1 10 per 100 pounds. There can be
no drought. or flood' by reasons apparent on
visiting the property; located close to railroad
and water: shipment. <• This land will also
. grow sugar : beets in great- yield, the railroad
tracks running into the Alvarado sugar
.Works." This land is on 'the market to be sold
and will be. ; It only remains to be seen who
will be the fortunate purchaser.; For price,
terms and location call on ALBERT E.
CRANE. 410 Montgomery st. . -" ' '"
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara County,
bet. Stanford University and Mountain View,
within 1 mile of May field;, house of 7 rooms
and 2 cottages of 4 rooms; garden, >■ orchard,
etc. ; will rent low for 1 or 3 years to suitable
tenant. Apply to C. S. CAPJf & CO.. Real
:. Estate Agents, 630 Market st. -■  .
FOR sale, exchange or rent— New 4-room cot-
tage; bath; stable; lot 50x140; 45 minutes from
city. Apply Grocery, 126 Guerrero st. ; -;';
FOR SALE— Al Mendocino grazing land: tim-
• ber mostly tan oak; $2 per acre and up-
' ward.  Box 2240, Call Office. : -; . .t. t
FOR sale— l3s acres; fine virgin redwood and
pine timber; near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk. Mendocino Count-- consisting of the IMB.
% of SW. '4 of Sec. 31. township 14 N., range
15 west. For full particulars as to price," etc.,
apply to A. CLOCKERS, .Navarro, Cal.
MILL Valley; for sale, house, furnished or un-
. furnished. . Apply 526 Turk st. . ■ ■
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M.' GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
LARKSPUR ' REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
, Villa lots and acreage; easy, terms ; 45 minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market St. - -. -, '
BiONEY TO LOAN. _ - ! -
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate jin
probate, life Insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
, COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
■ land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no - delays. ,- J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. • . '
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal: mdse in storage: life ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, : etc. ; low in-
terest; private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable' and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
; elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st; tel. Green 204. '. '
$5 UP to any -amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all. business
strictly confidential: private offices. "M. E.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker •" at 1
■ Fourth St., upstairs; strictly private: low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869: •
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
' lowest rates. - BECKER, 328 Montgomery st.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st. • ■
$50 TO* $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. :
; any. proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum; Island 2d mort-
gages, estates, eta MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON .pianos,, furniture: no removal :■■ lowest
: -rates: no com.; private. 118 McAllister st. : -
SIXTH, 10— Most I reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and Jewelry. : ■ "'
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of -he Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ..."
FINANCIAL..
LOANS on real .* estate, bonds, etc.; ' lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. IPS Montgomery : st.
rAWNBROKEKS.
SAVE interest and borrow from the CUT RATE
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st.: private rooms.
PROPOSALS.
BAN FRANCISCO; Cal., . Feb. 23. IS9S— Sealed
proposals, In triplicate, will be received here,
and- at office of Quartermaster, San , Diego
: Barracks, Cal., until 11 o'clock a. m., March
•25 ls9S, and then opened, for furnishing wood
and coal for Alcatraz Island, Angel Island,
1 Fort Baker, Benicla Barracks, Fort . Mason,
Presidio of San Francisco, San Diego Bar-
racks arid San Francisco, Cal.,. during fiscal
year commencing July 1, IS9B. - Government
reserves right to reject or accept ; any and
all bids, or any part thereof. Preference
given to articles of domestic production, con-
■" ditions of quality and price (Including in the
price of foreign productions the duty thereon)
being equal, ■ and such preference given to
articles of American production produced on
Pacific Coast to extent of consumption • re-
' quired by the public service there. Informa-
tion furnished on application to Quartermaster
at San Diego Barracks, or to undersigned.
Envelopes containing proposals should be in-
' dorsed "Proposals for wood (or coal), and
addressed . to said Quartermaster, or to JAS.
M MOORE, Assistant Quartermaster-Gen-
eral. U. S. A.. Chief Quartermaster.
'PLANS "and specifications invited for an ;' hos-
pital building-Clerks office, Board of Super-
visors, San Francisco, March 12, I*9B
• In accordance with Resolution No. • 797
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
public notice Is : hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and specifications for
the erection of an hospital building will be
i : received'- in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON Sep-
tember 12, IS9S, between the hours of 2:30
* The -proposed building to be of modern de-
' sign and to be constructed of stone or brick,
or of both, with all the latest scientific Im-
p rovements required as to construction and
sanitation, equal to, if not superior, to any
building designed or contracted for hospital
purposes, as are indorsed by medical author-
ity as being indispensable in the construction
'■ of such a building. •'-. '. .
, _ The said hospital * building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by the
Board of Health described as follows: -..;.; *
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of land known as and ■■ desig-
nated on the official map of the city, and
county of San ■ Francisco as • the "Almshouse
Tract " and running : thence due north along
the easterly boundary line of said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765). feet;
thence due - west five hundred and fifty (550)
feef thence due south seven hundred and
sixty-five- (765) feet to the southerly line :of
the said . Almshouse Tract; thence due east
along the said southerly line of the Aims-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (550) feet
to -the- point of commencement; containing*
S 'The a sa e id plans and specifications to be so
prepared that the cost of the building shall
not exceed in the aggregate the sum of three
hundred thousand ($300,000) : dollars, which
sum must cover the entire expense ; for . the
'-" erection and completion of the proposed
bU NOTICE- Architects will prepare and sub-
mit with their plans and . specifications for
; said hospital building an , itemized , estimate
of the cost of said building, the statute re-
" ouiring eight (S) hours to constitute a day's
'■ i work ■ with a minimum rate of. wages of two
<$2) dollars per day, for persons employed on
said building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications', will be enter-
tained .or considered of : buildings the I aggre-
gate cost ' of which are estimated to exceed
the sum of i three hundred thousand _ ($300,000)
dollars. 'Also that the architect whose plans
and specifications of the building are adopted
• ' will be appointed architect and - superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
'- IB) per cent <of the total cost, and will be re-
oulred to give a good : and t satisfactory bond
or bonds as. the case may be, to insure, the
completion t and construction of the . said
• building or - the • amount :of the estimate of
the cost as made by the said architect. The
• architects submitting plans and specifications
' ', determined iby the - board "to be ; second, third
and fourth in merit will receive premiums Lof
$1000. $750 and $500 1 respectively, | with ■ the un-
derstanding.' that any features of said plans
and specifications which • may be '. considered
useful or necessary.be embodied > In the plans
adonted may be used without further cost.or,
Charge _ JNO- A. RTF.SELL. Clerk.
~; ' HOUSES~FOR SALE. V^: J
FINE house for sale. -' . r:^ : - - : -> '■■■ '■ ■■■
An elegantly ■> furnished ■ house of ten rooms,
-omDlete "in every, detail, * with . all modern
improvements : ' situated In the most beautiful
- t>art cf the city, with a perfect marine view;
i a irreat bargain for a cash buyer; ' rents now
for $100. -Address i HENRY GROGAN, box
- 2137, Call Office. :■ -- -■»■ ■-'"■■''•"-"■'■■■'!
:..',-,;;; J: ,.-. ; ;.y PHYSICIANS. :^:, . L ...;:. r \:.: ;;
DB " c.' C. DONNELL", "■ office / and : residence, ;
;•■ 1206 Market; diseases of women • a specialty. ,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
i
; OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. .
$725^ A ..' 3- room . cottage; ' foot .' basement; .' city
water; choice lot 50x100:, near'Telegraph-ave.
electric cars; only : $425 cash, balance at I per
cent. Address J., 'box 6, Call office, -Oakland. ;
"^ mm ~ mm T"" "" *" " ~*~ ~ i
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household poods very cheap :
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old ; store, 408 ;
" : Eleventh ' St., Oakland. * ' ' " • - ;
. BERKELEY HEAL fciSTATE.
RARE chance in : the University town : best !
northeast corner on Bancroft way; lot 75x120; !
• elegant 8-room cottage home, • nearly new;
hand frescoed; electric lights; porcelain bath;
• • everything first-class: - yard " set- with , choice t
plants; nice assortment of fruit trees, and j
berries. . Owner- leaving town. Call or ; ad- '
i dress M. . L. WURTS,- Seventeenth st. and
Broadway, Wurtz ,block,. Oakland. ". . ■■-.-.-. .
A RARE chance, ' for a good home In the : Uni-
versity town; a seven-room house, nearly
■new; close to Berkeley- station: ' price only \
$1650;. terms $235 down; remainder with 8 per ;
cent Interest, payable in $16 monthly pay- j :
raents. .O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center St.,
•!."' Berkeley. :'".-.■■. ''' '. ' ■ ~ -'-" I
WORKINGMEN. attentfon— New house of 4
rooms at Golden Gate; lot 50x140: price WOO; I
terms to suit. Call or address M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth st. and Broadway, Wurts block,
; Oakland. . ...':; ..-.'' . -V ■' ; - j
THE biggest bargain of the year: house o* 5 j
■ rooms; lot 123x103, near the hills; beautiful
view; will sell for $1500 cash to make a quick
pale. JOSEPH J. MASON. . Real . Estate.
"_ Berkeley Station.; '•-. >• - ■;-.. -\',-, . -' j
$1760— FOR • sale— Near the university house 'of .
• 7 rooms; fine lot; street work all done: 1 a
thorough bargain. JOSEPH J. MASON, real i
estate. Berkeley Station. -. ■- ' - ■
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The , Weekly j
■ Call. In wrapper, for mailing. '
SEWING MACHINES. '£•
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; ■
"repairing;- lowest rates'. .205 Fourth st. \ j
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold; ;
■ machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. : phone Mint 45.
1 BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall -will not -be inserted.. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub- :
lished. ■ ■ ■■ . . .*.: >r> :r :*
BORN-
ADAMS— In San Jose, • March s 12, IS9B, to. the
, wife of Ed Adams, a son. _ _ .
BECK— In this city, ' March 14. "1898. ■to the
wife of George P. Beck, a daughter. - .
CONNELL— Near Watsonville March 11, 1898, j
■ to the wife of Alonzo Connell; a son.
'HATCH— In Watsonville, : March 12. IS9S, to the j
wife of Walter Hatch, a daughter. .... :
■ HOWE— In Pomona, March 14, ISOB, to the wife ;
of E. F. Howe, a son.
| LARSEN— In ; this city, March 17.MS9S, to the .
wife of Henry H. Larsen, a son.
LYMAN— In Oakland, March 16. IS9S, to the .
wife -of E. B. Lyman, a daughter.
ROCA— Santa Clara. 1 March 16, 1898, to the
wife of Dr. R. Roca, a daughter.
WlLLlAMS— ln, Corralltos. March 10, 1898, to
the wife of M. Williams, a daughter.
WILLOUGHBY— At Spences Switch, March 15,
1898, to the wife of E. Willoughby, a daugh-
i ter. '-' '" ' '' : ""' " " ' '
. ; MARRIED. .
BOHLEN— BREDEHOFT— this city, March
12, IS9B, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Martin !
H. Bphlen and Anna M. . Bredehoft.
CAMPBELL— JONES— In this city. March 16,
. 1898, by the Rev. E. G. Mathena, D.D.,
Dougald Campbell and Elizabeth Jones, both
of San Francisco. "
COSBIE— SMITH— In this city, . March 12. IS9B,
by John A. Carroll, Justice of ' the Peace,
.v. v i 'Henry R. Cosbte and-Celia R. Smith.
CURLING— THOMAS-EAKINS— March 15, • 1898.
by the Rev. John A. Emery, Edward Scott
Curling of the United States 'battle-ship Ore- i
- gon and Maud Anna Thomas-Eakins of San i
- Francisco. '
DETHLEFSEN— FETERSEN— Near Watson- I
ville March 9/1898, by the Rev. E. L. Rich, i
"Nls Dethlefsen and Annie Petersen.
JOHNSON— In 7 San Jose. March 16.
1898, by the Rev. ' Dr. - Wakeneld, Lonnie Ful-^
ler and Ivy Johnson. - ■ . "
Yon der HODEN— HEINS— this city, March j
16, 1898, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, John H. i
' yon der Hoden and Ada Hems. ■ . :
MIDDLETON— In San Dlmas. '
■ Cal.,- March 16, 1898."- William P. Middleton I
• and Lola B. "Brownlee. ;.-. •*:,-• :
MILNE— MERRIAM— In Pomona. Cal., March i
-16, 1898. by the Rev. D. H. Gillan. Andrew j
. James Milne and Hannah Louise Merrlam.
HAGERITY— BUKRIS— In this city, March 10, f
• 1898, ■■ by i Frank H. Kerrigan, Justice of : the '>
; Peace, Frank J.-Hagerlty and Kate C. Burris.
SMITH— MOORE— In Salinas, March 16. 1898, \
..R; A. Smith and Etta E. Moore. '■ . . ...* ■ ,
>  ■ ' DIED. ..-.-.. , '
Ashley, John- • Koenlg, Emma D.
• • Basch, Heyman -.-. Loughlin, Margaret
' Bass, Thomas J. McFadden, Stephen ■
Brockstedt, August McKibbin, Selby :
Coakley. Teresa A. MacMonagle, Marion
Clark. Edmund F. McMurrey, Ellen
, Conrad, Frederick - McNulty, Margaret -
Cullen, Mrs. Maggie • Meagher, William P. :
Davidson. Solomon- Menchinl. Baslllo
Dollar, James . O'Connell. Ellen
Donovan. -James 'C. O'Connor. Rev. C. .'
Foley, Mary. „ " O'Leary, Mrs. Kate i
Froelich. Otto ■ Paredes. Jesus M.
Glynn, Margaret M. Phillips, Margarethe I
Glffin, Helen T. Ritchey. Lila G.
Gore, William H. . Scheli. Mrs. C. B.
Hathaway, William . Spring, — - - .-_
Hayes, Mary Sturdivant, John T.
■Hutchinson; Leonard Washington. Harriet
Jessen, Margaret . Wight. William
Kenney, John ' Wolters, Henry
ASHLEY— N«>ar Chlno, March 11, 1898. John
Ashley, aged- 72 years 8 months and 25 days.
BASCH— In this city. March IS, IS9S, Heyman,
beloved husband of Minna Basch, and father
of Malvina Platt of Carson City, Nev., a na-
■ tive of Posen, aged 72 years.
BASS— In Sausalito, March 17. 1838, Thomas i
Jefferson, beloved husband of , Ellen Bass. , :
And father of . Mrs. Samuel Miller and |
Charles, Edith and Thomas Bass; a native
of New Jersey, aged 64 years and 10 months., j
lE7" Friends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at ,2 " o'clock. " from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
- under the auspices of Mount Morlah Lodge i
No. 44, F. and A. M. - Interment Masonic !
■ Cemetery-
F. and A. M.— Mount Moriah Lodge No. 44.
•„ F. and A. M. : Officers . and members are
respectfully requested .to . assemble at Ma- j
: sonic Temitle . to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 :
o'clock, for the purpose of attending the fu-
neral of our late brother, Thomas Jefferson j
. Bass. By order of the W. M. • '
, ■ ■' THEO. ' FROLICH, Sec.
BROCKSTEDT— Alameda. March 17. 1898;
August, - beloved husband .- of Emma - Brock-
- stedt, and father of Lulu Brockstedt, a na-
tive of Holstein, Germany, aged. ss years and
17 days. ■' . ' ' ■• ■
. (CTFriends and acquaintances 'are . respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from ■ his late resi-
dence, 1602 Benton street, corner of Railroad
avenue, Alameda. Cremation at Odd Fellows'
' ■ Cemetery, '• San • Francisco. ' . :s: s
COAKLEY— In this city, March 17; 1898, at St.
1 Mary's Hospital, , Teresa A., beloved wife of j
- James ; Coakley, '• daughter 'of - Mrs. J. 'J.
; Rellly, sister of John and . Julia > Rellly, : Mrs.
1 ' L. : Laughley, Mrs. • J. : Tatro ' and • Mrs. M.
i. Goodwin, and . sister-in-law of Cornelius,
John and Abbie Coakley and Mrs. J. Crow-
ley, a native of Sonoma •, County. California,
aged 25 years 4 months and 8 days.
C7Friends: and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Sunday); at ■ 8 ■ o'clock, s from her late • resi-
■ dence, ; 329 • Louisiana street, - Potrero,- thence
I to St. Teresa's Church, Butte and Tennessee
- streets, where a requiem high mass wllL.be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment .• Holy
- Cross Cemetery. •
CLARK— In this city. March 17. 1898. Edmund
Fanning-, husband of - Mrs. M. : Eunice ' Grou- ,
. ard - Clark, . a native of - New - York, aged :70 ,
. years 5 months and 10 days. ; (New York I
City papers please copy.) , .
v Friends, and acquaintances ' are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
. (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
.;.- Hall, ; corner Market ; and -seventh streets. I
Funeral under : the auspices of Apollo Lodge j
.; v No. * 123, . . I. ■■• O. O. r- F. '•■ Interment • Masonic !
-Cemetery. ■■•■ Please omit flowers. • : v.Y'.-
CONRAD— In Sonora. Frederick, husband of
■*■ Isabella .W. * Conrad, and father of Rosabel
\ and' James Conrad, a native of ' Bavaria, aged
■- 45; years and 10 months. '' ' ' .. ;
CULLEN— In - this V city, " March ' 18, 1898, ■ Mrs. '
j Maggie, beloved wife of the late Paul Cul-.
len, ■ and ' mother of Thomas and: John Cullen,:
.." Mrs. T. ■A. Wright and s Mrs. J. , Doyle, a na-
"' ■ tive ,of Ireland, aged 59 years. „ ' ' . . . ,' ,
DAVIDSON— In this ' city,'' March 17, 1898. Solo- I
;*: mon, : dearly • beloved ' husband •of Tina David- j
', son, t and • father of ■ Mrs. -A. Harris, < Mrs. J. ;
Raphael and Harry Davidson.
DOLLAR— j. Eureka, ' Cal., ■ March 17, . 189 S. j
r; James' Dollar, late of San ; Rafael, !ia r native 1
of Grahamstown, Scotland, aged 48 years and j
-9 months. :"' ~' •' -■ -- ' v' .-: '
Friends- are * respectfully ■' Invited ;to at- '
•: tend the funeral services this day (Saturday), j
at 3 o'clock, at the -residence of his brother,
Robert Dollar, San Rafael.
DONOVAN— In this city .* March IS, 1598,; James
: ■C. » Donovan, a native of Ireland, _■ aged 40
■ years. ■'< (Santa Rosa , papers • please ' copy.) .";- ;
t, . Friends ; and acquaintances : are ) respect- j
•- fully invited to attend 'the funeral to-morrow j
V (Sunday), at 9:15 o'clock," from the parlors of |
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue, < thence j
j. to Sacred Heart Church, ' corner Fillmore and
Fell ' streets, where =a '< solemn requiem 1 mass |
'■V. will be : celebrated for the : repose of < his' soul,
O commencing at 10 ' o'clock.- Interment Holy
■ Cross Cemetery. \ . . ..'•;. ,
Y. -M. Irnatlan Council No. 35, .Y. M. -. I.:
You will please assemble at the funeral par-
? lors of • Care w, & English, 41 Van Ness aye-
nue, to-morrow (Sunday) morning, to attend
the funeral of our late deceased brother.
James C. Donovan. , - J. J. O'TOOLE. /
C. L. EBNER, Secretary- President...
FOLEY-In this city. March IS." 1898. Mary,
beloved - wife of the : late John Foley. ana
mother of ; Jerry. Michael. Daniel and Pat-
rick Foley. Mrs. Mary Ralnford and Mrs.
Hannah Kelly, a native of. the parish or
Tutack, County Kerry, Ireland, aged o*
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
Es"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the PfJ-lors^ ,
McAvoy & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, for services, Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ~ '
FROELICH— In this city. March 18. 1898, Otto
Froelich. beloved father of Maren M. inroe-
llch, a native of Copenhagen, Denmark, agea
64 years. this city, March 17, IS9B. Mar-
GLYNN-In this city, March 17. 1898. Mar-
garet Mary, beloved wife of John P. Glynn,
and mother of Mary. Margaret and James
Glynn, a native of Nenagh. County Tipper-
ary. ■ Ireland., aged 45 years. (Sacramento,
>- Cal.. papers please cony.) '- % ' -;
ETFriends and acquaintances are ****><£}•
fully invited to attend the funeral this > day
(Saturday); at 1:30 o'clock, -from her late
residence, 2140 Filbert street., thence to bt.
Bridget's Church, where services will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CIFFIN-In this city. March 18. IR9S. Helen
r Teresa, relict of the late John Giffln. a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 84 years. ."*_««
. C?-Friends;are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at »
o'clock, from the parlors of Valente. Marinl
& Co.. 1521 Stockton street, thence to hi.
Francis Church, where a requiem high mas»
will be celebrated for the repose of soul,
commencing at S:i3 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery- Please omit flowers. .
GORE— In" the City and * County ' Hospital,
March IS, MM, William 11. Gore, v ,-
HATHAWAY— In Pomona. March 9. 189 S. Wil-
Ham M. Hathaway, aged 37 years 2 montn»
and 23 days, . •. ■" -■ ,- • ; • . ■ '
HAVES— In this city. March 18. 1898. Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Daniel Hayes, and
S mother of John and Jeremiah Hayes and of
the late Michael' and "Agnes Hayes," a- native
of County Cork, Ireland, aged 6S years.
C?" Friends.and acquaintances , are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, northeast corner of Franklin and Busn
streets, thence to St. Marys Cathedral ror
services. Interment Mount Calvary ceme-
tery.
HUTCHINSON— Near San Jose, March' 16. 1898, .
• Leonard Hutchlnson, a native of New YorK,
aged 52 years.
JESSEN— In this city. March IS. 1398. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Henry Jessen. mother
of Welter Jessen, and sister of Mrs. H.
Ptelling and Crlßtine and Charles Christen-
sen, a . native of San Francisco, azed ;Si
years 4 months and 19 days.
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday*, at- 1:30 o'clock, from the parlor*
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1203 Mission street.
near Eighth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
t ery. ',* — * . ' .
KENNEY— In this city, at St. Mary's Hos-
pital. March 17. 1&38, John, beloved brother or
Annie L.. Peter T. anil William D. Kenney
and Mrs. K. H. Geib, a native of BrooKlyn,
/ N. V.. aged 32 years. . ' ;
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
: (Saturday); at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street, thence
to St. Brendan's , Church for services. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. •■-.
KOENIG— In Berkeley, March 15, MM, Emma
D., wife of the late Captain L. J., and mother
of Christian; Ida and Georglna Koeiiig, a na-
; tiva of Hamburg. Germany. .* . ,
[7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, .2035 College way. thence by 12 o clocK
' creek route boat to San Francisco. Inter-
' men* I. O. ,O. F. . Cemetery.
LOUGHLIN— this city. March 17. 1898. Mar-
garet Loughlin. a native of County Tyrone,
Ireland, aged 84 years. , - '■
S (C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral this day
- (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
.thence to St. Mary's Church,. Dupont and -
' California streets, for "services, at 2 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 3:lo
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
• streets. . t - • ' -
McFADDEN— this city. March ■ 17. 1898,
■■ Stephen, . beloved'- husband of Winifred Mc-
Fadden. father of James J., Bessie, John and
Ella McFadden, and uncle of Myles, Peter
I and Annie Kelly, a native of County Lei-.
• trim; Ireland, aged 56 years. . i:
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday);. at 7:30 o'clock, from. his late resi-
dence, 20 Twelfth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's- Church; where a mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
M-KIBBIN— this city, March 15," 1898, Selby,
beloved son of Mary J.. and brother of Wil-
liam and David McKlbbin. a native of San
' - Francisco, aged 26 -years and 5 months. (New
'< York papers please copy.) >.-.
(PTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Sunday), at -2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of James Hagan. r 445 Valencia street.
: Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MacMONAGLE— In - this city. ■ March 18, IS9B,
: Marion, infant daughter, of Beverly and Min-
nie C. MacMonagle.
McMURREY— In " this city, March 17. 1898.
- Ellen McMurrey, . a native of Jreland, aged
70 years. ~
tC?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from .. her ' late
residence," 1517% Broadway, thence- to St.
• Bridget's Church, - Van • Ness avenue, : corner
of Broadway, where a mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock sharp. -Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. '■:}'■
McNULTY— In this city. March 18, IS9B. Mar-
garet dearly beloved daughter of Joseph and
Mary ..McNulty, and .sister, of Annie. Peter,
Hugh. Martha, Agnes and Ethel McNulty,
a native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 17 years.
(Erie. Pa.; Herald piease copy.)
- ic?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, . from the resilience)
of her parents; 55S Howard street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church for services. Interment.
Holy Cross Cemetery. . ' '.' -r. . £,f
MEAGHER— In this city; March 17, 1898; at
. the residence of his sister, Mrs. Mcc, 1894
_ Broadway. William. P. Meagher, a native of-
Ireland, aged 58 years. ' . .
CTTriends ;.re respectfully invited to at-
tend the requiem mass this day (Saturday),;
■■■ at 10 o'clock, at , St. Mary's Cathedral. In-
terment private.. .
MENCHINI— In this city. March 16. 1898, Ba-
sillo, dearly beloved husband, of Angelina,
and father of Francis and Louisa Menchinl,
a native of SanCasclano di i untroni. Lucca,
Italy, aged 31 years and ii months. ■- '
. ID?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inVited to attend th» funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at r 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. .616 Post street, thence to Holy Cross
: Cemetery. •
O'CONNELL— this oily. March 17. 1898.
Ellen, beloved wife of tha late Christopher
O - Connell, beloved" mother of Mrs. William
'- F. Fitzgerald, loving grandmother ' of May
Fitzgerald, and loved sister of ' Mrs. •' M.
O'Keefe of San Jose, a native of Ireland,
aged 70 years. ■ ' ; : . " ;
■ CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residencf*
of her son-in-law, William F. Fitzgerald.
310 Francisco street, . thence to St. , Francis
Church, . where a • solemn requiem \ mass will
be celebrated for the repose .of her - soul,
commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount
■ Calvary Cemetery- . . • .
O'CONNOR— Friends of the late Rev. Corne-
lius O'Connor of Uklah. Cal.. are respectfully
invited to atterM the month's mind Monday,
March 21, at St. Peter's Church, . Twenty*
fourth and Alabama streets, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for tha
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 clock*
O'LEARY— In Pajaro, March : 14. 1898, \ Mrs.
Kate O'Leary; aged 27 years. •
PAREDES— In this city, March 16. 1898, Jesus
Maria, dearly beloved husband of Fannie W,
Paredes. and beloved , father of Sarah. Fred-
erick, Elvira. Arthur. Beatrice and the late .
Esther, .Edward. and Rudolph Paredes. a na-
t ive of Mexico, aged •55 years 1 month and.
24 days. ■ -.. •- ' ' '."'". -';--*w ': ■■
Friends and acquaintances are- respect- .
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow .'
■- (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, : from his late resi-
dence, 1623 Dupont street,- thence,-, to the •
Church of Nuestra , Senora de - Guadalupe,',.
Broadway and Mason street, where a requiem :
> high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. • v' V.: .•.:■<
PHILLIPS— In this city, March 18, 1898, Mar- ;
garethe ;C. ■ Phillips,' a native of : Pennsylva-
nia, aged -74 , years. : , ; - ,
RITCHEY— Near Athlone, March 11, • 1898, Llla
Gertrude Ritchey.'a native of California, aged
.25 years 5 months and 7 days. ;;T,<.^ . ;
SCHELL— In San Jose, March , 16, 1898. : Mrs.
V; C. B. , Scheli, aged 75 years 9 months and \2 '.
- 'days.", t ':.".■ ' ■,■ .. "i- ' ' •-.>.-. '■
SPRING— In i this city, March 17, 1898, wife of.
John R. Spring. ; ■;<•:, , - « :s
STURDIVANT— In C this : city,' . March - 17.* 1398, .
-. '* John T., beloved son of Lulu M. and . the late ?•
I 1 Robert O. Sturdivant. >a ■ native of San Fran- ' .
' Cisco, ' aged ■25 years and- 5 months. -t .'•,,:/-
■ Friends; and ■ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this; day i-
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the family'
! residence. 422 Page street. Interment private.'
WASHINGTON— In T , this city, March 18, ;, 1898,. "
■ Harriet f Ann. relict -of 'the late t Thornton -'.
. Washington, a native of Richmond, Va.,- aged
-: 77 years. : • •-. ■■ •A-~ •;'' ■:!.:"'-"■■• '--. *,-,•. ;.':*
WIGHT— In '*■■ Vacavllle, ■■ Solano c County, ; , Cal., %
March 12, IS9B, William Wight, aged SO years. '
WOLTERS^-In this city,* March 18, 1898, Henry,
' husband ■of ; Bella^Wolters,'; a - native sof ? Gib- ~ :
sonvllle, aged 2S years 10 months and 9 days.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, j I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEE3 I f
:; ' 'cb IIfTH ST., Opp. Lincoln 8«liojl. : I
>• f-.;?' "~i Telephone, South 80. -• ' "■ . . |- - -
v?EstabniBs&.>";^ 1:" j'Mel.\ South 47. :
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers, '
4 22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. '.-Spacious chapel for the urn
of o\u. patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
1516
CONTRACTOR
CRONIN IS
IN CLOVER
His ferry Depot Job Nets
Him Haodsome
Returns.
Gets $10,000 for Ex
tras on Galvanized
Iron Work.
Harbor Commissioners
Allow Him to Make
Profitable Changes.
Additional Thousands Made by
Ignoring Plans and
[Specifications.
NAILS IN PLACE OF RIVETS.
Experts Pronounce the Greater Por
tion of the Work to Be Almost
Without Value.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
"*" Original c0nt'ct.. 543,599 +
£ First extra »,8r« J
a Second extra 2,978 +
/+ Third extra 1,393 +
+ Fourth extra 2,956 +
+ Total to date $53,800
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
The above figures have reference to
sums paid by Commissioner Colnon
and his associates to William Cronin,
who holds the contract for doing the
galvanized iron work on the new ferry
depot building. They will serve as an
introduction to a more detailed state
ment of the manner in which the State
has been robbed of a sum approximat
ing: $20,000 on a contract, the original
amount of which was only $43,599.
It should be stated at the beginning
that not only has the Board of State
Harbor Commissioners paid Cronin
more than $10,000 for "extras," but it
has given its official sanction to
changes in the original specifications,
thereby permitting the contractor to
perform the work in a manner that ef
fected a saving to him of about $10,000.
In order to arrive at a perfect under
standing of the mir-ner in which these
sums of money were transferred from
the State's stron' box to the pockets of
those interested, without the disagree
able formality of rendering any return,
reference should be had to the follow
ing extract from the original specifi
cations under which Cronin secured his
contract:
The entire walls of the gallery In the
rear of the second story, as well as the
ends and walls of the waiting-room
throughout, are to be finished in galvan
ized iron. In the treatment of the wait
ing-rooms, both inside and out, galvan
ized iron is to be used in courses with
flush joints, formed by bringing the true
edges of metal close together and secur
ing the same with fishplates of No. 18
galvanized iron six inches wide riveted
with galvanized iron flushed rivets, not
further apart than three inches, centers,
staggered in two rows on each side of
joint and well soaked with solder; fish
plates secured with galvanized clips to
the rough construction of the outside
walls, which is composed of small chan
nels and T irons, as indicated on the
framing plans, or joints, may be V joint
locked and soldered, at the discretion of
the architect. All this work to be of No.
22 galvanized iron, as will also be the
outside and inside of the corridor and
bridges in the second story.
After contracting to do this work in
the manner specified, it became neces
s v, in order to find favor with the
men who held the strings to the public
purse, to devise some scheme whereby
the terms of the original contract could
be avoided, and free access had to the
good things that were being handed out
by those high in authority. The scheme
materialized and was put forward in
the form of a letter addressed to the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
In all the world there is no other treatment
so pure, so sweet, so safe, so speedy, for pre-
serving, purifying, and beautifying the skin,
scalp, and hair, and eradicating every hu-
mor, as warm baths with Cuticuka Soap,
and gentle anointings with Cutioura (oint-
ment), the great skin cure.
Ii 'mil' liiMiiniinnf ' tho world. ' Potteb
Dri-o *m> Cusm. C«kf.. Sole Prop*.. B«»ton. .
CT7- ™v About the SHa, Bolp «pd H»lr." «ir»e.
r ,, rn w UlllinD f* 0 ™ J*"npl«* *° Scroll*
EVERY HUMUK . cur«4 l/ c»ikw«*. . ;
board under date of December 10, 1896. !
It follows: ,
To the Honorable Board of State Har
bor Commissioners— Dear Sirs: I hereby
propose to make the following additions
and deductions to the work comprised un
der my contract for roofing, skylights and
falvanlzed iron for the Union Depot and : ,
erry-house for the price mentioned be- : '
low, as follows:
Additions— Forty-six capitals for wait- j
ing-rooms; the painting with one heavy |
coat of Prince's metallic paint, mixed
with pure boiled linseed oil, of all con- i
cealed surfaces of galvanized iron
throughout the whole building, as fol
lows: Towers, bridges, galleries, wait-
Ins-rooms, gutters, louvres, ventilating i
HOW A FAVORITE CONTRACTOR FARED.
The contract for doing the galvanized Iron work on the Ferry Depot building
was let to William Cronin for $43,599. Since that time Cronin has been paid
$10,201 for "extras" and has been permitted to cheapen the quality of the work
required by the original specifications. By this cheapening process the contractor
has saved more than $10,000 on the cost of the material and workmanship as pro
vided for under the contract. All of the changes and the payment of '"extras"
have been approved by Commissioner Colnon and Architect Swain.
ducts, louvre posts, gutter behind sky
light in rear of gallery, ridge roll, vent
pipes, front window frames, end window
frames and all concealed portions of roof
| Ing. including clips.
Deductions— Change No. 22 iron, as
specified, for all galvanized iron, except
roof and gutter, for No. 24 and No. 26;
omit galvanized iron on easterly sides of
waiting-rooms and extreme ends of build-
Ing inside of waiting-rooms to the height
of 12 feet 3 inches; omit hydraulic device
for opening and closing louvres and sky
lights. .
I hereby agree to make the above ad
ditions and deductions for the sum of
$2875 in addition to the present contract
price. Yours respectfully,
P WILLIAM CRONIN.
Indorsed: Accepted December 10, 1896.
In accepting this proposal the Com
missioners entered into a bargain
which, in a nutshell, is as follows:
In return for fortr-six capi
tal* and one hidden coat of
cheap paint they gaTe the con.
tractor £3875 In cash, allowed
him to substitute a. light for a
heavy material at a Having? to
himself o£ $2500, permitted
him to dispense with putting:
(galvanized iron on the ends
and one entire aide of the wait
ing-room to the height of more
than twelve feet— an item that
GALVANIZED WALLS OF NEW FERRY BUILDIN
involved a saving to the con
tractor of* more than £2000—
ud consented to the omission
of the hydraulic device for
opening: and closing; louvre*
and skylights, thereby saring
the contractor about $1000.
Here was a stroke of business worthy
of a more extended notice than can be
given it here. It was to be followed by
others equally brilliant and equally
costly to the State.
On August 19, 1897, Cronln sent a
communication to the Board of Harbor
Commissioners, inclosing a bill for $1392
for "extra work on skylights." Just
what this extra work was does not ap
pear of record, nor can it be detected
by a careful comparison of the plans
and specifications and the completed
structure as it now stands. At any rate
the bill was approved by the Board and
by Architect Swain and Cronln drew
down the cash. The success which at
tended this undertaking seems to have
emboldened the favored contractor to
attempt a still greater coup, and one
that would bring him greater profit. A
proper foundation was laid for this
move by an alleged discovery on the
part of Cronin that he was not required
by the terms of his contract to cover
the west walls of the gallery and wait
ing room with galvanized iron. The
absurdity of this contention may be
seen by glancing at the opening lines
of the specifications before quoted.
Cronin followed the announcement of
his discovery with a bid offering to
cover the neglected walls for $2978.
It will be noticed that this and all
other single bids for extra work were
all within the $3000 limit, a fact that
saved the Commissioners much embar
rassment because it relieved them of
the. necessity of advertising for bids as
provided by law.
Notwithstanding the plain reading of
the specifications the Commissioners
decided that Cronin's discovery was a
genuine one, a decision that was fol
lowed by prompt action granting him
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 19, 1898.
permission to do the work at the price
named.
Cronln was In clover. Here was
wealth untold and unexpected. All
that had to be done was to conceive a
scheme and the execution was made
easy. Being long on conceptions, the
contractor proceeded to evolve a
scheme that netted him somewhere be
tween $5000 and $8000.
A glance at the specifications already
quoted is again necessary. Reference
is had to that part that reads: "In
the treating of the waiting rooms, both
inside and out, galvanized iron is to be
used in courses with flush joints," etc.
The cut accompanying this article gives
a fair illustration of what is meant by
the wording of the specifications, as
well as the manner in which they were
executed. To carry out the woTk as
specified would have involved a consid
erable amount of labor, time and the
use of heavy and expensive material
for fish plates and other details of the
plans. Cronin accordingly ignored the
plans and specifications and went
ahead with the work, lapping the edge
of one sheet of metal over the other
and nailing through the lapped edges
as a farmer would nail shakes on the
roof of his barn. Those who are com
petent to judge of such matters esti
mate that the contractor by this pro
ceeding effected a saving to himself in
labor, material and time between $5000
and $8000.
The effect is apparent even to a blind
man. Instead of being smooth and
regular, as they would have if con
structed as provided by the specifica
tions, the walls are marred by the un
sightly seams where the sheets of metal
lap one over the other, as well as by
the rows of nail heads and the general
rough and "buckled" appearance of the
entire surface of the walls. Added to
this is the prophecy of those who are
competent to know that in a few
montbfl the expansion and contraction
caused by heat and cold will cause the
nails to draw out of the wood. The en
tire covering will then have to be re
mc-ved.
Having had such alluring success
with his first lot of "extras" Cronin
rubbed the magic lamp again, and on
February 19 of this year put in a bill
of $2,956 for 44 extfa windows and 64
windows filled in with galvanized iron
panels. These are the windows in the
galleries leading to the ferry slips.
All are of the plainest possible con
struction, and represent an outlay in
labor and material of less than $500.
This being known it does not require
the services of an expert to figure out
the very neat profit that accrued to the
contractor.
This is as far as the second stfa.;je of
the investigation into the gak»a.nized
iron contract has progressed. There
is every indication to Justify the pre
diction that other chapters of profit to
the contractor and loss to the State
will develop as the inquiry progresses.
Even as it is it is not altogether unin
teresting to know that on his original
contract of $43,599 the contractor has
already reaned a profit very nearly ap
proaching the sum of $20,000. Also that
the State has acoulred a piece of s-al
vanized iron construction that would be
a disgrace to a poor man's warehouse.
The Bar Association.
Shyster lawyers, the charter makers
and the juries are leading articles in
to-day's News Letter, and the pool
rooms and Supervisors and municipal
pensions are vigorously treated. An In
teresting New York letter, an article
on the mining laws of Alaska by A. H.
Ricketts, pood stories on the Hawaiian
Minister Thurston, Louis Sloss and
other people; pertinent paragraphs.
The Town Crier, "who plays the devil
with you." Society sparks, the plays of
the week and finance and library table
make up the number, every page of
which is interesting. A double picture,
eight views at Fort Mason, goes with
the News Letter free.
New Electric Light System.
A new electric light syndicate came to
the front yesterday in a petition filed
with the Board of Supervisors, in which
permission was asked to tear up a cer
tain portion of Sixteenth street. J. -W.
Mac Donald was the petitioner, and he
agreed to give a bond of $5000 to return
the street to its original condition, H.
Dutard and C. B. Stone being named as
sureties. It has been ascertained that
iu.acDonald controls a strong electric
plant, and has made contracts to supply
householders and' storekeepers on Six
teenth street, between Sanchez and Har
rison, with ample lights. Later it is ex
pected to extend the sy»tem to other lo
calities.
WONDERFUL FIND
Scientists and Miners Give
Their Opinions of the
Turquoise Mines.
Declare That The Call's Expedi
tion Has Opened New Chan
nels of Scientific Research
and Industry.
The publication in The Call yesterday
morning of the finding of Its expedi
tion to the prehistoric turquoise mines
in the wilds of San Bernardino County
has aroused the greatest interest
among scientific and mining men as
well as the general jiublic.
The scientific men all agree that it is
the greatest archaeological discovery
ever made in California and prophesy
that it will have a farreaching effect in
determining the origin of the original
tribes of North America. It is gener
ally agreed that the country about the
turquoise mines has never been ex
plored and the work done by The Call
expedition is sure to be of the greatest
value to students in general.
The miners are deeply interested in
the discovery, but cannot give an opin
ion as to the commercial value of the
product of the mines until they have
been further developed. -n.il agree,
however that such vast fields of tur
quoise have never before been heard of
and see no reason to fear why good
stones should not be found there. Those
who have examined the rough stones
brought up by the expedition declare
them to be of a fine quality.
The discovery has also aroused great
interest among the scientists at Berke
ley, and they do not hesitate to pro
nounce the discovery as one of great
importance and interest from a miner
alogical as well as an archaeological
standopint. The results of the expe
dition are regarded with especial in
terest, inasmuch as the region in which
the discoveries were made has never
before been explored by the archeolo
gist, and is one of the completely un
investigated regions of California.
Following are the opinions of a few
eminent men in regard to the discov
ery:
Professor Le Conte.
"So far as I am aware the field has
never before been touched," said Pro
fessor Joseph Le Conte, the venerable
expert on geology and natural history,
when seen this afternoon in his study
at the university. 'While I am not
sufficiently expert in archaeology nor
sufficiently familiar with the facts of
the discovery to form a very pro
nounced judgment, I regard the dis
covery as one of importance from the
archaeological point of view.
"Never, so far as I know, have tur
quoises been discovered in that part
of the country before. Discoveries have
been made on the Pacific Coast, how
ever, in Orepon or Washington, I be
lieve, and they have generally been
closely associated with extensive lava
fields. All through the region where
the discoveries were made such lava,
fields are known to abound.
"Undoubtedly the people who worked
the mines and graved the strange
characters on the walls of rock are the
same tribe that constructed extensive
irrigation works and built rude cities
all through the cliff regions of Ari
zona. This is the first trace of them
in California, and whether they pressed
on westward to the Pacific Coast is
an interesting matter of conjecture.
While I doubt whether the strange
characters found upon the stones are
true hieroglyphics in the sense in
which we apply the term to the hiero
glyphics of Egypt, the rude signs and
pictures are of great Interest to the
archaeologist. What the discovery will
amount to from a commercial point of
view Is, of course, merely a matter of
conjecture until the region is thor
oughly Investigated."
Professor Fairbanks.
Professor Le Conte referred the In
quirer to Dr. Harold "" ' Fairbanks of
Berkeley, who has made an exhaustive
geological study of nearJv all California
and made an investigating trip not long
since in the northwestern part of San
Bernardino County.
Dr. Fairbanks, when seen at his
home this evening, did not hesitate to
declare that the discovery was of the
greatest interest as throwing light
upon the history of mining as well as
being of great archaeological impor
tance. "The mere fact of the discovery
of pottery does not prove necessarily
that the ruins are of -reat age," he de
clared, "but the finding of so many im
plements and evidences of mining in
dicate to a certainty that people of a
different race from an of the present
Indian tribes of California at one time
inhabited the region. The Indians of
Arizona, even at the pre: ent day, un
like the Digger Indians of California,
make pottery, so the discovery of
earthenware vessels, while not estab
lishing great a«re of the ruins,
strengthens the belief that their build
ers were allied to tribes living in the re
gion of Arizona.
"No certain traces have ever before
been found in California of the Ari
zona cliff dwellers. Evidently the re
gion must have been a mining locality
for some very extensive people. They
must have come from Arizona merely
for the purpose of mining the precious
gems, just as we know the Mound
Builders used to go to Northern Mich
igan for the purpose of mining cqpper.
"While the locality in which the dis
coveries were made is one of the few
regions in California which I have
never visited, I have traveled consider
ably in the territory lying to the north
west of it. I have never found tur
quoises in that part of the State, but It
is a region of great volcanic outbreaks
similar to regions elsewhere where the
gems are found."
Professor Christy.
Professor Samuel B. Christy, who is
an expert on mineralo^v and metal
lurgy, was not willing to venture an
opinion as to the commercial impor
tance of the discoveries.
"The value of turquoises," he said,
"is even more variable than the value
of diamonds, and it is impossible to tell
their value as we can tell the value of
gold or silver. It is not a matter of
science, but purely a matter of artistic
beauty. None but an expert lapidary
can tell the w.orth of a turquoise. Be
sides, everything depends upon the
cutting and polishing of the gem, and
out of a hundred rough stones there
may not be a single gem of anx con
siderable value. It is quite improb
able that the mining of the gem will be
come an industry of any great impor
tance. The total value of the tur
quoises mined in the United States in
1896, while nearly half the total value
of all kinds of gems, amounted to only
$40,000."
Professor Mitchell.
Professor G. O. Mitchell, vice-princi
pal of the Girls' High School, who,
while quite a young man, is yet a rec
c-gnized authority upon all matters of
research, and especially the study of
ancient history as applicable to the
prehistoric races that once inhabited
this continent, said:
"If I were not a student and took no
interest in the study of science, I
should unhesitatingly indorse the great
importance of the discovery of these
turquoise mines, as described by Gus
tav Eisen in The Call, for I know him
to- be a man of wonderful mental abil
ity, a scientist whose discoveries have
been of the greatest value to the scien
tific world. Anything that he pro
nounces of importance is unquestion
ably worthy of the closest attention
from all students.
"My knowledge of the prehistoric
races that once inhabited this conti
nent assures me that in the finding of
these turquoise mines The Call has ac
complished a most wonderful under
taking, one that will be of great help
to the students of prehistoric relics and
archaeology. There can be no doubt
that from the discoveries made by The
Call it has helped tv more firmly
establish the historical fact that at one
time this part of the continent was in
habited by a race of people who were
of vastly superior knowledge and men
tal attainments.
"History shows the fact that the
trend of prehistoric civilization was
from the north to the south, that the
races of superior education were grad
ually driven southward by the more
barbarous nations of the north. The
discovery of the mines, the implements
with which they were worked, the hier
oglyphics upon the rocks and the
caves wherein the race of people lived,
confirms the declaration of history, that
this section of the continent was c.-nee
inhabited by a race of Indians that
were as civilized as the Aztecs.
"The Call has done a great thing, and
it is to be commended for its energy
and the great assistance that it has
rendered to science."
G. P. Bixford.
G. P. Rixford, secretary of the Aca
demy of Sciences, who has personally
made some investigations as to the ori
gin of the hieroelyphics that have been
discovered in Owens Valley, of which
he has taken a number of photographs
for the Academy of Sciences, attributes
great Importance to the discoveries
U3U.AV "ll^O ailX Xqsp^ui usb<\ 9.vbu. ivm
seen by a Call reporter and asked for
an expression of his opinion as to the
effect that the discovery of the tur
quoise mines would have .he said:
"The specimens of turquoise brought
back by the member* or The Call ex
pedition are certainly very beautiful,
and I see no reason why they should
not also prove to be of great value. I un
derstand that a well-known lapidary
of this city has pronounced them to be
of high value. The discovery is cer
tainly an interesting and important
one, and it may have great effect upon
the value of these beautiful stones.
Turquoise mines have existed for years
in New Mexico,- and It is certain that
the natives were aware of their great
value. Prom the recent discovery made
by The Call it can be successfully
argued that this section of the conti
nent was once inhabited by a prehis
toric race of superior civilization, for it
is -evident that they appreciated the
value of these stones, because their im
plements for mining them were found
where the mines were discovered.
"I am not prepared to say Just how
valuable these mines may prove to be,
for that cannot be ascertained until the
quality of the turquoise has been
tested, but the stone is one that when
secured in a perfect state commands an
excellent prlcv
"The discovery made by The Call,
from a scientific point of view, is of im
portance, and one that is very interest
ing to all students."
Dr. J. C. Brainier.
PALO ALTO, Cal., March 18— Dr. J.
C. Branner. head of the geological de
partment, ; was interviewed to-day re
garding the wonderful archaeological
discoveries . made- in the wilds of San
Bernardino County. He had noted the
account in The Call and was much im
pressed with it. He did not care to ex
press himself directly on the ! find with
out closer investigation, but <. was ' quite
ready to speak of the matter in a gen
eral way. He saw no reason, however,
to doubt, .the. importance of the dis
covery as related. . ';.■■..':
: In speaking ,of;, of ; the rarity of . the ■■ tur
quoise in this country he said: "The
only places in the United. States where
this precious stone ■'- is found are Los
Cerrillos, N. Mex. ; Turquoise Moun
tain, Cochise County, Ariz.; Mineral
Park, Mohaye County. V Ariz.; near Co
lumbus, Nev. ; Holy Cross Mountain,
Colo., and Taylors Ranch, in Fresno
County, Cal."
The nature of the country, the doctor
thought, had little to do with the find
ing ;of turquoise. However, the pits,
excavations and volcanic :< rocks •: which
are I described Iby [ Professor I Eisen were
to ; be: expected in ? such : finds.?.; He said
that the Los Cerrillos mines formed an
Immense pit, with ) precipitous E sides f of
angular rocks, where there are excava
tions which appear ; to \ be ; about 5 200 \ feet
In depth and 300 feet in width. The
The facsimile jn& y/iT^'T^aT* i 8i 8 Oli ever wr^?P
ttgnatureTf (&//§&&&& «* CASTOEIA.
ADVERTISEMENTS. __- ■
OOOOOOOGOOOOOOOO(XXX500XXXXXX>00€)OCK30000000000000000
TO= DAY'S
SPECIAL LEADERS
% These goods are FRESH, NEW and FIRST-CLASS, and the
8 cuts are genuine, as will be readily apparent to all who
I CALL AND EXAMINE OUR OFFERINGS.
| LADIES' MUSLIN UNDERWEAR!
IHA I FT &0 ° Sam P les of LADIES' MUSLIN UNDERWEAR,
g Y\t\iu.\ consisting of Gowns, Drawers, Chemises,
Q HDIf^F Skirts and Corset Covers, will be placed on
| JKrvI WLI Special Sale at "HALF PRICE.* '
I Ladies' Shirt Waists.
© Q^n LADIES" LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, detachable collars, in
q OULi dark plaids, regular price 60c, will be placed on sale at 35c,
§OK« LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, In light color checks,
OOKj regular price 60c, will be placed on sale at 35c.
1 Men's Furnishings.
Q i F^/> 75 dozen MEN'S FULL FINISHED OXFORD GRAY MERINO
Q Idt SOCKS, with double spliced heels and toes; extra value for $3 dozenj
Q . will be offered at 15c pair.
BCOn 42 dozen MEN'S GOLF SHIRTS, with plain or laundered plaited
Oww bosoms and with one pair reversible link cuffs and club tie to each
Q (sizes 15%, 16, 16%, 17); regularly sold at $1 each; will be closed out
Q at 50c each.
I Ladies' Hose.
X ■fftr» 100 dozen LADIES' RICHELIEU RIBBED AND PLAIN BLACK
O IUO COTTON HOSE, double heels and soles; usual price $2 dozen; will
2 be on sale at 10c pair.
2 OKn 150 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK IMPORTED SILK FINISH,
Q £aOKs real MACO COTTON HOSE,; worth $4; will be offered for 25c pair.
2 QQlr» 75 dozen LADIES' RICHELIEU RIBBED LISLE THREAD HOSE,
Q OOjjLi extra heavy heels and soles; regular price $6 dozen; will b© on sale
2 at 33 l-3c pair.
I Ribbons. Ribbons.
H O(\n 200 Pieces FANCY STRIPED GAUZE RIBBONS, 4 inches wide, In
V iUL/ assorted colors; will be offered at 20c yard.
O 9fir» 150 pieces FANCY RIBBONS, No. 12, 2 inches wide, entirely new pat-
X £t\J\j terns, assorted colors; will be offered at 20c a yard.
X Qf|n 10 ° Pieces FANCY RIBBONS, No. 22, 3 inches wide, entirely new pat-
g out terns, assorted colors; will be offered at 30c.
§ JUST RECEIVED DIRECT FROM THE MANUFACTURER— A
■ full line of Satin and Gpos Grain and Black Cashmere Rib-
bons, Nos. 2, 5, 7, 9, 12, 16, 22, 30, 40 and 60, from one-
5 half inch to 5 inches wide.
I Silk Department.
0 Ht^n 30 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN, small, medium and large
Q I O\j designs; regular value $1; will be placed on sale at 75c yard.
O QM nn 1° Pieces BLACK SURAH SILK, 23 inches wide, extra heavy
q <pl. l/U quality; regular value $1 25; will be placed on sale at $1 a yard.
I Ladies' Suits.
Qt*7 t\f\ LADIES' NAVY BLUE SERGE SUITS, fly front Jackets, lined
}i tf> i »UU -with silk serge, double lined skirts, bound with velvet; worth $10;
X . special at $7 50.
9i one; nn ladies' whipcord and covert cloth suits, jackets
v JpIO.UU lined with Taffeta silk, double lined skirts, welted seams, corduroy
Jc ... bound; worth $20; special at $15.
o S3*" Store Open Until 10 o'Clock Saturday Evening.
Qif if Murphy Building-, J [fif Mvr P h y Building:, m
§ Marfeet anil Jones Streets. Mariet asA Jones Streets.
age of eruption of the volcanic rock
here was thought to be tertiary, which
was stated by authorities to be due to
the escape of heated vapors of water
and perhaps other vapors or gases, by
the action of which the original crys
talline structure of the mass has been
completely decomposed or metamor
phosed with the production of new
chemical compounds. Amonp these the
turquoise is the most conspicuous ana
U 'ln° r this ' mine it is said blue-green
stains are seen in every direction
among the decomposed rocks, but the
turquoise in mass is extremely rare and |
many tons of the rock may be broken
without finding a single stone that a
jeweler or collector would value as a
Dr Branner gave Kunz on precious
stones as an authority for the state
ment that the American turquoise was
as yet of little worth except as cabi
net specimens or as momentoes or
travel. This author thought it possi
ble however, that deeper working
would develop finer stones, perhaps of
such material as will maintain a more
permanent color.
Concerning the origin of the turquoise
veining rocks Dr. Branner said both
Professor John S. Newberry and Pro
fessor Benjamin Stillman Jr. regard it
as eruptive.
In speaking of the very small veins
heretofore discovered and their limited
distribution Dr. Branner gave Professor
F W Clark's views that the turquoise
was of local origin. This investigation
emphasized the idea that it has re
sulted from the alteration of some other
mineral. The practice of coloring the
American turquoise is to be regretted
by all scientists since it will cast a
suspicion on any fine turquoise that
may be found in this country hereafter.
In referring to the supposed antiquity
of the newly discovered turquoise mine
reference was made to the Los Cer
rillos mines of the same gems, which
are known to have been extensively
worked prior to the discovery of Amer
ica. This fact is proved by the frag
ments of Aztec pottery vases, drink
ing eating and cooking vessels, stone
hammers, wedges, mauls" and idols
which were discovered in the debris.
As regards the high esteem and the
superstitious veneration in the Indian
mind surrounding the turquoise the in
teresting incident related by Major
Hyde after exploring the region of Los
Cerrillos was mentioned.
Swindled a Capitalist.
Minnie Campbell and her accomplice.
William I^ewis, wore yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Conlan on a charge of grand lar
ceny in $2000 bonds each. They swindled
Alfred Overend, a capitalist, out of nearly
$10 000 on various pretexts, although Over
end had virtually taken the woman out
of the Rutter and tried to make a life of
comfort for her.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1897, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the Insur-
ance Commissioner of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
in cash $ 500.009 09
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and ■
bonds owned by company.. 1,276,27f 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as c011atera1........ 8,000 00
Cash in bank 5........ 113,856 00
Interest due and . accrued on all
stocks and loans :.. 13,213 00
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion ........ 190,840 CO
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks.. 4,593 00
Policy stamps on hand 1,254 00
Total assets ...................... $1,608,034 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses
• In process of adjustment or In sus-
pense, losses resisted, including -
expenses $ 154,575 00
Gross premiums on marine and In- j
land navigation risks, gross prem-
iums on marine time risks. 154,395 00
All other demands against the com-
.:. pany..... .93,479 00
Total liabilities $ 402,449 00
INCOME. ,
Net cash actually ■ received for ma- :
rine premiums...... $• 559,32100
Received ■ for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks. , loans and from
all other 50urce5............. -■ 84,463 00
Total 1nc0me. i.. .......'....-. ..-....$ 593.784 00
EXPENDITURES.,
Net amount paid for marine losses..! 483.133 00
Dividends to 5t0ckh01der5............. 50,000 00
Paid for salaries, fees .and other _ _
I charges. for officers, clerks, etc.... 38.309 24
Paid ' for State,* National and local ■• _ •
taxes 7,363 16
All other payments and expenditures . 6,032 00
Total expenditure 5...'......:........* 584,843 00
Marine losses • Incurred during the
year 498.760 00
~ Marine Prem-
, Risks and Premiums. Risks. lums.
Net ' amount of risks '. writ- '•" '■■• "
y ten during the year.:..... i 5102.269,140 $531,231 00
Net ■ amount of ;risljs _ ex- • _- -■•' '~
plred during the year 101,698,855 511,606 00
Net amount in force De-
cember 31.- 1597. ......:..... . 9,436,465 154,395 00
• . ->J- "."»? J. WILLIAMSON, President.'
JOHN GICK, ' Secretary. .'.
• Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of. February .' 1898. ■ W. J. SULIS.
■ - --■ United ; States Vice-Consul :at ; Liverpool.
■■■;;- J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.,
- General Agents.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON;
Managers.
208 San some . Street, S. ■ if.
• TELEPHONE MAIN 5968,