VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 86.
HENRY T. GAGE IS NOMINATED
HONORED I
ON ONE
BALLOT
Pardee the Only Opponent
of the Noted Son of
the South.
. . *
But the Doctor Withdrew His
: Name Before the Count Was
i>y Finished.
THE TICKET THUS FV\R.
Governor — Henry T. Gage of Los Angeles.
Lieutenant Governor — Jacob H. Neff of Coif ax.
Secretary of State— Charles F. Curry of San Francisco.
Justice of Supreme Court— W. C. Van Fleet of San Francisco.
Justice of Supreme Court — T. B. McFarland of Sacramento.
FORECAST FOR THE OTHER OFFICES.
Controller— E. P. Colgan of Santa Rosa.
Treasurer— Truman Reeves of San Bernardino.
Attorney General— Tirey L. Ford of San Francisco.
Clerk of Supreme Court — George W. Root of San Francisco.
Surveyor General— M. J. Wright of Visalia.
Superintendent Public instruction— Thomas J. Kirk of Fresno-
Superintendent State Printing — A. J. Johnston of Sacramento.
Railroad Commissioner— First District, E. B. Edson of Sls
kiyou; Secorv* District, ; Third District, N.
Blackstock of V ntura.
Board of Equalization— First District, ; Second Dis
trict, Aleck Brown of Milton; Third District, H. 0. Pur
lington of Pleasant Grove; Fourth District, George L.
Arnold of Los Angeles.
Congress— First District, John A. Barham of Santa Rosa;
Second District, Frank D. Ryan of Sacramento; Third
• District, Victor J. Metcalf of Oakland; Fourth District,
/ '•!. Julius Kahn of San Francisco; Fifth District, D. J. Mur
phy of San Francisco; Sixth District, R. J. Waters of
Los Angeles; Seventh District, J. C. Needham of Modesto.
; VVALL HEADQUARTERS,
-SACRAMEXTO, Aug. 24.—
. Henry T. Gage of Los Angeles
ha> been nominated for Governor
!by. the Republican State conven
; tlOUv
\V : - T-he great body of delegates,
aroused to an intense pitch of en-
;; thusiasm, conferred the honor of
■ nomination by acclamation. The
:s.cene in the hall has seldom been
.equaled and will not soon be for
gotten. Personal ambitions and
individual aspirations were for
" gotten in the great cause of the
.:'. Republican party. One by one
;: the candidates, who had entered
the field against Gage, recog-
Y .nized his tremendous popularity
and dropped from the race. Only
':"' one remained — Dr. George C.
Pardee — and he. impelled by a
.purpose to see victory crown the
.'struggle of his party, publicly
withdrew his name after it had
■ eloquently been presented to the
.consideration of the convention.
' Such a spectacle of self-sacri
fice for the cause of a party's suc
cess won the instant tribute of a
..storm of applause. Dr. Pardee
■publicly expressed that an over
-.]"whelming majority of the dele
•.-•.gjiftefl felt that the man from the
: ;.so:uth is the logical leader to
:':■ eairry the Republicans to victory
'.?. fit the existing campaign. There
••■jia?- never been in the history of
apolitical affairs in California a par
: aliel for such an action.
• : ' : :' Harmony and union, a devo-
V ttoii to principle and a sacrifice
; yof personal ambition were the
■.-'motives of the candidate from
.;• tHe. north, when, in the face of
-■•odds,, he gracefully withdrew.
The San Francisco Call.
When the convention responded,
rising to its feet in uncontrolled
enthusiasm, the retiring candi
date knew that he had obeyed
the unspoken wishes of hundreds
who in a few moments would
have registered their fealty to
Gage with their ballots. There
was in the cheers for Pardee the
strong expression of congratula
tion that the way had been
cleared for the convention to
voice its preference in the race
for gubernatorial honors.
Under such remarkable condi
tions Henry T. Gage of Los An
geles accepted the exacting con
ditions that the present campaign
force upon him. He thanked
the convention for the confidence
reposed in him. He was deeply
touched, he said, to feel that
upon his shoulders had fallen the
duties of leadership, and while all
knew that his own ambition
would spur him to succeed, he
begged all to believe that he as
sumed with the honor the sacred
obligation to win in the cause of
the great principles. As a leader,
he declared, he would strive for
the success of his party and for
the defeat of the dangerous ele
ments that have combined to in
jure the State, prejudice its in
terests and darken its fame before
the nation. With such a purpose
he will plead with all the people
of the State. He will carry the
war into the very stronghold of
the common enemy and chal
lenge it to a defense of its blight
ing principles.
As the leader of a great party,
determined to defend the welfare
of the State, he will fight for tri-
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, AUGUST 25, 1898.
I am not a politician and probably know as little about the political machinery of this State as any man who ever entered into a political
canvass. I attribute my success in securing the nomination for Governor on the Republican ticket entrely to the efforts of my friends and
the press of Cali ornia. The ccntest just clcsed has been a spirited one, but lam confident that no ill- eeiing has been created and that we
will all fight shoulder to shou der throughout the campaign. This confidence is supported by the fact that the candidates for all of the leading
offices visited and greeted each other with the heartiest ot handshakes while the fight was being: made, and I thank them for their generous
conduct toward me.
I believe that this convention will nom'nate a strong ticket and believe that it will be successful. Cur plattorm is a strong one, and,
taking all things into consideration, Ido not see how we can lese next November. It is my intention to canvass the entire State. If elected
Governor of California it shall be my s'eadfast purpose to insist upon a businesslike and economical administration of State affairs baszd upon
the principles of the Republican party as set forth in our platform. HENRY T. GAGE.
Henry Tiflft Gage was born near Geneva, in the State of New York, November 25. lft» At an early age Mr. Gage was brought by his parents to Saginaw, Mich., where
he received his education He came to Los Angeles. Cal.. nearly thirty years ago, and after a brief residence returned to Saginaw, where, completing his education, he was admitted to
the bar in 187s. He again came to Los Angeles in 1876. since which time he has practiced the profession of law, winning for himself a large clientage and a lucrative practice. He has
never been attorney for any corporation except, as the associate of Hon. Stephen M. White, as counsel for the Los Angeles Times. He refused a retainer by the United Mates Govern
ment to prosecute the suit "against the Chilean vessel Itata. both because of his sympathy with the insurgents and because of his opinion that there was no legal warrant for the seizure
His judgment in this last particular was justified by the decision of Tudtre Ross and that of the United States Supreme Court in its judgment of affirmance. Mr. Gage s practice is large and
lucrative being both civil and criminal He has taken pride in the fact that he never accepted a case against a personal friend nor foreclosed a mortgage upon any man s home It is like
wise a matter of pride to him that he never received nor used a pass upon any line of railroid. He has always been opposed to the indiscriminate granting of franchises to railroads and
other corporations, which are a menace to labor. His political career is almost 'coeval with his advent to the county of Los Angeles, he being always a consistent and ardent Republican. He
has always actively assisted in the organization of the Republican party of his county and has frequently been sent as a delegate to both county and Mate conventions. He has never
before sought or accepted office, although many tempting offers have been extended to him. He was sent as a delegate to the Republican National Convention at Chicago in 1888. and was
the last of "the California!! delegation to vote for Blame. he refusing to change to the successful Harrison. At that convention he seconded the nomination ot Hon. Levi P. Morton for the
In addition to his legal business Mr. Gage has taken an active interest in mining, farming and fruit growing. He is a large owner in the rich Red Rover mines near Acton, and
has a large ranch near Downey He is married to an estimable lady and has five children, his residence being 1146 West Twenty-eighth street, in Los Angeles city. He is broad in the
treatment of all legal and political questions, and is gifted with keen, ready comprehension. He is prompt and energetic when called into action, and quickly appreciates the strength
?ind weakness of an adversary. No man is more unassuming than Mr. Gage, and none more in touch with the common people of his county, among whom he is familiarly known as
"Henry." He possesses executive powers and is conservative in his views of all public questions.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
DAVI
S NOMINATES THE WINNER.
iimpfa, and in that victory win the •
reward that the convention de
clared he should receive.
With such a declaration of
principles Henry T. Gage in- ;
dorsed the Republican platform j
and the incidents of his nomina- ;
tion were over.
MR. DAVIS NOMINATES
GAGE FOR GOVERNOR.
SPLENDID TRIBUTE TO THE PROS
PERITY OF THE AMERICAN
REPUBLIC.
Nominee From Los Angeles Espouses
in All Their Breadth the Prince
pies of the Party.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 24.— Frank F. Davis of Los
Angeles, in placing Mr. Gage's name be
t ire the convention, spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the
< (invention: Two years ago the Republi
can party in the State and nation
marched to imperial triumph. On every
hilltop and mountain peak our beacons
biased, and we wakened the echoes of
every valley with the songs of our re
joicing. We brought California into the
Republican column under the captaincy
of William McKinley. and united we :
stand fast in the common cause of pa
triotism and prosperity. We won that
splendid fight along the lines of honest
money and protection to American in
dustries and the integrity of the consti
tution. We defended the American eagle .
upon the American dollar, making it
honored and respected throughout the
commercial world.
We spread the shield of loyal veneration
before the breast of the constitution, and ;
faithfully parried every thrust of an
archy. We opened wide the doors of the
American workshop to the American
wage-earner, and crowned with the bene
diction of the nation the laboring man's
toll. We are again to-day in the same
trenches. Before us rises the common
enemy. It marshals in awkward column
the guerrilla, who deploys between the
lines and calls himself "Silver .
Republican." (Laughter.) Joining
hands with rag money Populist
and repudiation Democrat. It is a mot
ley crew that blows again the trumpet
of discord in the temple of peace, we
met the combination on the nation's bat
tlefield and checked it. We will meet the
combination on the battlefields of Califor
nia and exterminate it and its leaders.
(Applause and c .eers.)
Pause for a moment, my fellow-citi- i
CHOICE FOR LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR,
Jacob H. Neff, the Old War Horse
of Placer.
Our next Lieutenant Governor is one of those exceptional men whose
private arid public life has been so true to the dictates of honor and
the impulses of neighborly kindness and justice that his good name is
unassailable to the most reckless political opponent. Jacob Hart Neff's
citizenship is a worthy pattern for men and his personality makes loyal
and respecting friends of all who know him.
He is one of the surviving Argonauts, having come to California as a
young man in 1850, about twenty years after his birth in 1830. in the town
of Strausburg, Pa. In his boyhood he lived at Springfield, Ohio, and
for several years in Burlington, lowa, from where he came to this State.
He at once located in Placer County, which has ever since been his
home. His residence for many years has been at Colfax. He began win
ning fortune with a rocker on the American River, and mining has been
his business ever since. His mining career has been distinguished by
grc-at ability and success. He has for many years borne an able and
creditable part in public affairs. He was elected Sheriff of Placer Coun
ty in 1867, and was State Senator in 1871. He has, besides, been a Kail
road Commissioner and a State Prison director, and is now a trustee of
the State Library.
In these places of trust he has displayed the great administrative
ability and faithfulness to duty which characterize him, but perhaps his
most distinguished services to the State have been those performed as
tho leader and guiding spirit of the California Miners' Association in the
splendid work which it has accomplished since its organization In 1852.
He was chairman of the initial conference of Placer County miners,
called in the fall of 1891 to see what could be done to revive the lan
guishing industry of hydraulic mining. He became chairman of the ,
Placer County Miners' Convention, Into which that meeting developed,
was chairman of the executive committee which issued the call for a
State meeting, and when the California Miners' Association was organ
ized in January, 1892, he was unanimously elected chairman. He has
been enthusiastically re-elected every year since. During these years he
has been at the helm behind all the Important work of the association,
which has secure* the Caminettl law, the appropriations for restraining
dams, new mining laws for the State .and much else of great benefit to
this great industry of California. Before committees of Congress and
the Legislature his strong but wise and politic arguments have had
great weight. To his wise and conciliatory influence, more than to any
other single cause, was due the welcome disappearance of the old ran
corous hostility between the miners and the farmers.
While not a millionaire, he is a man of considerable wealth, though
plain of manner and speech. His mining interests are varied, but his
chief success has been that of the Morning Star drift mine on the
lowa Hill divide, In Placer County, the greatest and richest drift mine in
the State. Its discovery and development were due to him. He has
for the many years of its career had a large interest In the mine and
has, from the start, been its superintendent and general manger. He
has never married and his nearest living relatives are two sisters resid
ing In lowa. He has for many years been distinguished in Masonic cir
cles. He Is a Scottish Rite Mason, as well as a Knight Templar, and
has held a long succession of the most important offices in these orders.
I zens, to breathe the atmosphere in which
I we are to-day— this atmosphere of pa
triotic- fervor wakening the best im
pulses in the American heart. Do you
know where those impulses were born?
1 Born at the birth of the Republican
party. At its inception it confronted a
. ci isis such as the civilized world never
• saw before. It solved that crisis to the
glory of the constitution and the flag. It
i called frum the dark valley of human
! bondage out upon the uplands throe
'■ dusky millions, leading them up to the
! heights where the sun of human liberty
! shed abroad its golden sunshine. It main
talned a national credit unimpaired, un
; touched, unstained, providing the people
; a currency which could purchase at 100
cents on the dollar American warships
in the markets of the world to defend the
American Has. (Applause.)
1 bring a man who espouses in all their
breadth the principles of this paijty— the
man to lift the standard of leadership—
and I name you Henry T. Gape of Los
Angeles. [Applause and cheering.] He is
i.;" the plain people— a man who from his
boyhood has known what it is to be the
architect of his own fortunes. The Em
pire State gave him birth. Her motto is
"Excelsior," and that is his. A boy of 14
years he stood upon the frontiers of civil
ization to commence his career, to make
for himself fame and a nam«-. Thirty
yeara ago he came to California, and for
thirty years her splendid career of prog
ress has been along the line where Henry
T. Gage has traveled from the obscurity
of pioneer boy up Into the successful man,
lawyer, miner and farmer. He has not
often been in the public eye, but you shall
not determine the merit of men by offices
they hold. Men stand upon platforms and
claim for their lives the principles there
embodied. Henry T. Gage was never a
candidate before upon the platform of
any convention: but he comes fresh from
the people, plain, unassuming, earnest,
courageous, eloquent. He seeks no plat
form for the free and unlimited coinage
of Bllver at ihe ratio of 16 to 1, nor a
platform for the free and unlimited coin
age >.f brass at 16 to nothing; but he
stands upon the platform which is for an
ihonesi dollar, paying an honest day's
wages to an American wage-earner in an
American workshop. (Applause.)
His sympathies are broad. Let it be
said cf him to his honor that while he
enjoyed a lucrative practice in his prfl
fesion of the law he never foreclosed a
mortgage on a man's home in all his life.
I would rather have the record of such
a life as proof of sympathy with the toil
ing masses than the demagogic utterances
of men who stand upon any platform and
for any stripe of politics pleading their
vantage groun^ and not their deeds. He
is of the stalwart type of Republicanism.
I saw him in the National Republican
Convention of ISBS. the last Californian in
that great assemblage who cast a vote
for this State's and this nation's idol,
James G. Blame. [Applause.]
The same stalwart Republicanism
which marked him there has marked him
all through his life from the moment he
made his first public speech twenty-two
years ago until this day. He Is a win
ner. His reputation in his profession is
unsurpassed. As Daniel O'Connell once
said: "A good speech is a good thing,
but the verdict is the thing." He is a
man who can lead his fellow-men and
hold their hearts to his side and sym
pathy. Tie will prove the man who on
the platforms of this State in this cam
paign will meet and overthrow the soph
istry of our opponents and lead our rftirty
on to victory. (Applause.)
His role in this campaign will be like
that of Clark upon the Oregon, and In
the strife you will find him where you
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 25, 1898.
JUDGE DAVIS IN NOMINATING GAGE PAID IE SOUTHERN SON A GLOWING TRIBUTE.
will find the American sailor in battle,
behind the kuh and on the deck.
He is independent of corporate influ
ences, but he is no demagogue. He rec
ognizes, as every citizen should recog
nize, under the law that men may unite
capital with brains and do business, but
when that union infringes upon the right
of the individual no man will stand more
earnestly for the people from which he
springs and with whom he sympathizes,
no man more courageously defend their
rights, than Henry T. Gage, the plain
man of the common people. (Applause.)
Fellow-citizens, we have upon oar
hands in this campaign no easy fight.
While I believe that Republican success
is in the air. it will demand energy, cour
age and activity of heart and brain on
every hand. We need a leader, strong.
wise, young, earnest, clean. I give him
to you in Henry T. Gage of Los Angeles.
(Applause and cheers.)
TIMOTHY GUY PHELPS
NOMINATES PARDEE
SAN MATEO GIVES ALAMEDA
COUNTY A FRIENDLY WORD
OF CHEER.
Old War Horse of the Spring Valley
Watershed Utters a Tribute to
the Man From Alameda.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 24.— Dr. George C. Pardee
of Oakland was placed in nomination for
the office of Governor by Timothy Guy
Phelps of San Mateo. The address was
a happy one and was well received by
both the friends and the opponents of
Dr. Pardee. It follows in full:
Mr. Phelps— Mr. Chairman and Gentle
men of the Convention: To me has been
assigned the distinguished honor of plac
ing before this convention, as a candi
date for the nomination for the high of
fice of chief executive of this State,
a native son of California, one whom I
have known since his birth and whose
career I have watched for years, as a
student, as a _ professional man, and as
Mayor of a great city. In all depart
ments of life he ha*, proved himself a
clean man. an honorable, high minded
gentleman and officer of distinguished
ability. I have the honor, gentlemen of
the convention, of placing before you for
nomination for the office of Governor
the Hon. George Pardee of Alameda.
(Cheers.) I want to say to this conven
tion and to my friends in it that from
my long and close acquaintance with this
gentleman I believe there is no man in
thlß commonwealth who is better
equipped for the high office than is
George C. Pardee, in ability. In high
character, in independence of character,
in freedom from all those entangling al
liances that would prevent independent
action and from his intimate acquain
tance with the people the Industries and
the interest of the State of California.
Grand old Alameda County, whose ma
jorities were more than 5800, and saved
California to William McKlnley for Pres
ident of the United States! (Cheers from
the Alameda delegation.)
Alameda asks at your hands this nomi
nation. I ask, Is she entitled to it for the
majorities that she has given us right
along In the past and for what we hope
from her in the future? Right here I
want to correct a most unmerited and
most malicious slander. It has beea
stated that Alameda County and Ala
raeda's favorite candidate would, in case
of non-success, be so much disappointed
that they would falter at the polls. Let
me say there was never a more malicious
slander heaped upon a man or a county.
George C Pardee Is too broad a man to
balk In harness, or skulk away when the
flght comes on, and old Alameda Coujnty
has too often proved her loyalty to the
Republican party in the majorities that
she has rolled up. (Cheers).
Nominate George C. Pardee and I be
lieve the majority of 5000 and more which
she gave at the last election will be in
creased to in the neighborhood of 10,000.
With him as a candidate there would be
no stayaways from the polls, no laggards
whatever. He would bring up from the
mire of Democracy hundreds. If not thou
sands, and plant them upon the solid
ground of Republicanism. Whether you
nominate him or whether your choice
shall fall upon another, Alameda County
and George C. Pardee, her favorite son,
will ever prove their loyalty to the Re
publican party. (Cheers.) There never
was a time, fellow citizens, when a Re
publican victory was more important to
us than now. The march of progress, the
war which has just closed have opened
new fields of commerce and Industry to
us. New fields to be occupied If we have
but the ability to seize upon them. Our
country is compoaed of mort than 75,0<Ki.000
of people. We have added under the pro
tection of the flag more than 12,000,000 ad
ditional, which we have to govern. I
am heartily in accord with the resolutions
which have been passed in regard to gov
erning those territories, conquered and an
nexed to the United States. This war will
result in more benefit to California than
perhaps any other part of the nation. It
will insure to us the building of the
Nicaragua canal, which will save the
peqplß of this coast ten times the cost
of Its construction.
Now, fellow-citizens, whether you
choose one candidate or another, I be
lieve that the Republican party of Cali
fornia is a solid army and will march so
to victory. [Cheers.] I believe, while it
seems to be the business of the Demo
cratic party to tear down and to destroy.
It Is the business of the Republican party
to build vp — to build up the industries de
stroyed by the misrule of the Democracy
and to lift the galling yoke of bondage
from the oppressed, so far as our influ
ence goes. Fellow-citizens, in the ides of
November we will pierce this old com
posite ship of Democracy, manned by its
motley crew, composed of different par
ties and 'isms, as the solid shot of Dewey
pierced the fleet of Spain in the harbor of
Manila and as did those of Sampson
and Sehlo.y the fleet of Cervera
on the coast of Cuba. [Cheers.] I trust,
gentlemen, that your deliberations will
reach a wise conclusion, and thank you
for listening to me.
GAGE'S NOMINATION
CORDIALLY SECONDED
ALL PORTIONS OF THE STATE
VOICE HIS PRAISE.
Described as a Man Fresh From the
People Imbued With the Princi
ples of Republicanism.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 24.— After the applause
which had greeted the eloquent speech of
Mr. Davis had subsided, speeches sec
onding the nomination were made as fol
lows:
C. R. Stewart— Mr. Chairman: I de
sire to second the nomination of Henry
T. Gage. Of the entire people of the
State of California, there iF no man more
thoroughly acquainted with right and
has more ability to down this unholy
combination of Bryanitcs and silverites
than Henry T. Gage of Los Angelee.
The Voice of Sonoma.
A. B. Lemmon of Sonoma— Mr. Chair
man: Sonoma County expected to come
to this grand State convention of Re
publicans with a candidate for the first
place on our ticket in this contest. We
are here as the warm personal and de
voted friends of one of the brightest and
one of the best young men in the State
of California, and if his name had been
proposed to this convention our hats
would have gone into the air and our
voices would have rung in his behalf.
His name Is not to be brought into this
convention at this time, but we have
studied the situation since we came to
Sacramento from every standpoint,
want to say to you that every one of
the twenty-one delegates from grand old
Sonoma came here unpledged to any
body. I want to say to you mat every
one of those delegates has stood un
pledged to anybody until this moment.
We nave met the several candidates; we
have conferred with the several candi
dates; we have studied the situation and
these twenty-one votes say that Sonoma
has made her choice among the candi
dates, and that, for the first time, the
badge of any man is pinned upon the
coat of a Republican from Sonoma Coun
ty when together they pinned the badges
bearing the name of Henry T. Gage upon
their coats and go into the contest
pledged to as loyal and as true a support
from that county as ever was given to
any man in any contest. (Applause.)
Powers Speaks for Gage.
Frank H. Powers of San Francisco— Mr.
Chairman and gentlemen: San Francisco
Is not the banner Republican County of
the State, but we have some men whose
Individual desires sometimes make them
do things, forget their party fealty. For
them we apologize. We did, however, in
the last campaign under the earnest,
painstaking, constant, laboring supervi
sion of Major Frank McLaughlin, as chair
man of the State Committee, change
I eleven thousand against us In the cam
! paign of 18JH into 215 for McKinley in 1896.
The battle ground of this campaign, gen
tlemen, is going to be on the battle ground
nf lsM. Therefore, San Francisco, study
ing the notes of that battle, familiar with
the tactics of the enemy, looking around
hero for the man best able to cope with
that enemy, thinks that man is the Hon
orable Henry T. Gage of Los Angeles.
(Applause and cheers.) This State is tired
of Jim Buddism. For the last four years
i the affairs of the State— the appointments
i to office — seem not to have been deter
! mined by the ne,eds of the commonwealth,
but by the dictates of the dice box.
We need now under the crisis
In the diplomacy that is neces
sary to come with the acquiring of addi
tional territory to place this State under
the control of a party that has a principle
to govern it and there maintain that prin
ciple. (Applause.)
In such a battle as this we dare not
| make a mistake in our nominee. There
i fore, we have turned to that man who is
I an honor to his profession and honored by
every man in his profession; who is be
loved by his family because he lives for
i his family, and goes to it every day in the
I suburbs -of Los Angeles, and whose nelgh
| bors feel that they are part of his fam-
I ily; whose oratory— strong, convincing.
! logical— heard upon the stump, will carry
ennviction as against the isms of the
Democracy. The little giant of the Dem
ocracy Is not to be treated lightly. The
battle Is on. The gage of battle — (cries of
time!)
Gentlemen, we apologize again for some
of our San Francisco hoodlums. If it Is
necessary, gentlemen, we can give you
their names. There are only four or rive.
The little giant of Democracy got to
gether an aggregation of talking cranks
the other day. and they voiced their isms.
A military gentleman said that he was
satisfied that anybody looking at it would
know that the rnpld-flring guns "of their
lings had been misfit with the slow-firing
single-shot brain;-. (Laughter.)
Now, then, we are going into this fight
with San Francisco doing her best to
keep up the majority of 1896, and we feel
that the fight Is going to be won because
we arc going to be behind .a man who. in
thought. In Intelligence, in courage, in the
defense of the right and In defiance of cor
ruption, stands head and shoulders with
the leaders of the party— Henry T. Gage.
(Applause and cheers.)
ALAMEDA'S FRIENDS
SPEAK FOR THEIR MAN
FISHER GOOD HOIOREDLY RALLIES
THE BOOMERS OF THE
ORANGE LAND.
Loyal and Earnest Young Men of
California Loving Progress and
Prosperity, the State's
Hope.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 24.— Seconding- speeches
followed fast upon the heels of Mr.
Fhelps 1 address. They were as follows:
Fisher of Alameda — Gentlemen of the
Republican State convention: I am not a
native son of California. I wish I were.
I am the next best thing. I married a
daughter of San Francisco. (Applause.)
And I have in my house two native sons
and two native daughters, who, with
their mother, are praying for my safe
return. But If we stand in admiration
of tho achievements of the fathers of
these native sons, what feeling-B must
kindle our minds as we took into the
faces of these men in the south who came
into the southern part of this State and
have made the wilderness blossom like
the rose. And not content with that,
they have leveled the natural barriers
and have gone to Tulare County and to
Northern Butte for oranges when the
blight struck their own fair fields. (Ap
plause.)
If there is anything that I admire from
tho bottom of my heart it Is a good fight
er and a man who knows what he wants
and knows how to get it. I submit to the
Republicans of this great convention both
north and south that the business of the
Republican party in its management, in
its speeches, In ita platform, is to address
itself not so much to the past as It is
to the young men of the present. Old
men will soon die, but young men are
coming to the front to take the banner
of Republicanism in their hands and to
carry it to future victory. I stand on this
platform to-day as a representative of
the young men of my adopted county and
State. Some one yesterday referred in
terms of criticism to the young men who
followed the!'- beloved leader and ma.je
the stri*t>rs of Sacramento ring with their
Joyous peals. I said to that man, "Never
you mind; every one of those young men
has a vote and every one is a Republi
can." (Applause.)
They came here because we could not
keep them at home. We had conserva
tive men in our own county who said "Do
as the Los Angelenos do — bring up their
bankers and their orange growers and
their lawyers, their wise, gray-haired
and bald-headed men— and you will win
your fight." (Laughter and applause.)
We said "No; if the boys want to come,
in God's name let them come." and they
came and they paid their own fare out
of their own pockets (applause and
cheers), and many a boy In that devoted
band will wear his shoes six months
longer to pay the expenses of this trip.
Those are the young men that we want
to get behind any leader, and these are
the young men we want to get heart and
soul" into the Republican party. I am
glad to be here an advocate of the Hon.
George C. Pardee. (Applause).
I heard whispered on this floor within
the last hour the term "demagogue." If
there is one term more than another that
has a blighting influence upon the young
men of this State in their attempt to
show 'independence, it Is the whisper of ]
•"demagogue." Lincoln never bothered
about that. Garfleld was never troubled i
about that, and if the Republican party i
shall ever fall from its high position in j
the affections of the people of this coun
try it will be because its young men are !
afraid to do right, because they are afraid f
of being called "demagogues." There is ,
only one other thing that has a blight- j
ing* effect upon the young men of this ;
State, and that is the fear that they i
won't get on the wagon in time — the band i
wagon. If you feel that you are right,
go ahead and the people will fall In right
with you.
Calaveras Shouts for Pardee.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 24.— F. J. Po'linsky
of Calaveras— Mr. Chairman and gentle
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
WOOL BLANKETS
Heavy California Wool Blankets, good size, beautiful gray mottled, soft
and fluffy, per pair $2 50. You'll not find their equal in town at $5 or not .
■ less. The mill turned 'em In, and we'll turn 'em out, and quick too. Open '
to all classes by the single pair or in bale lots— you'll know a good thing
when you see it. Send us $2 50. We'll ship the blankets. If not satisfactory
return them and get the money, and we will pay return freight to near *&1
. points at minimum rate. 1000 other bargains will be in evidence to-day , and
to-morrow. • ' .__
S=CENT BARGAINS.
10c packages finest bi-carb 5c
10c packages breakfast wheat oc
15c harmonicas each 5c j
15c family butcher knives 5c .
10c bottles picnic flavoring extract 5c j
25c boxes moth balls 5c |
2 10c boxes shoe black »c !
25c bottles peerless wash fluid 5c |
10c package O. H. mincemeat 5c
5 5c packages vegetable seed oc !
15c package cold cream 5c
10c pair infant's wool hose oc
10-CENT BARGAINS.
Pillow shams stamped to work, pair I<V !
25c bottle Yorkshire relish we
3 pounds of 10c vermicelli l° c |
25c Imported tooth brush }0c ;
15c package Aunt Abbey I°°
15c cans of pettit pots l°c 1
25c Jars home made jam 'Oc
25c poultry remedy, well known 10c
800 package alabastlne No. 13 l°c
16c packages egg noodles lOc !
S 10c cakes castlle soap 10(1
26c hair brush, imported JWC j
85c lunch basket, handsome 10c •
GOOD=BYE BARGAINS.
Fmbrellaa. 50c and 75c value, large 35c
10 foot bunting flags, complete, |8 value.... sl 75
Ladteß' shirt waists, dark or light, to-day.. He
Ladies' $5 and $6 coats, small sizes $2 50
$6 51 men's saddles, closing them $3 75
$10 lawn mowers, few left yet $1 95
350 carriage lamps, each $15%
Boys' caps, 50c kind, many styles 6c
Boys' H hose, 20 do»en, 10c kind 4c
men of the convention. Calaveras desires
to second the nomination of George C.
Pardee from Alameda (applause and
cheers), and in doing so I bring you a
message from the mountains, telling you
that it is with pride and pleasure that
we come here to further the ambition of
that gallant young Republican who seeks
the exalted position of Governor.
We have known him in the mountains
by hie record for years. It is true that
we are but distant observers of the great
events that are occurring in this great
State. It is true that we can only see
thorn at a distance. We have not come in
contact with the great question of cor
poration influence. We are living remote
from them, but for that reason we can
form a dispassionate opinion of men who
are seeking high places.
We In the mountain counties have ob
served with pride this young man who
has been battling in Alameda County
against corporation and monopoly influ
ences. (Applause.) We have observed
that in every act that he has performed
he has been a friend of the people. We
know him from everything that he has
done, and that he has stood as a valiant
defender of the people's rights. We know
him to be a young man born and raised
in the State, and, ny reason of that fact,
he has a broad and a Just experience in
the handling- of all the great questions
with which he has come in contact.
We know him to be a graduate of the
University of California, and we know
that the influences of that loyal institu
tion have gone forth in every act that
he has been called upon to perform In
his public duties v I say to you gentle
men, that from a distance, we have ob
served all this, and it is for that reason
that I come from the mountains to sec
ond the nomination of George C. Pardee
(Applause.) I tell you further, gentlemen
although it has been at a long distance
that this experience and knowledge has
come to us, when I come here into the
convention and look into the faces of the
gallant men who have followed him from
Alameda, I know t-hat our judgment wns
right. I know that Dr. George C. Pardee
Is a man that to-day can lead us on to
victory in the great campaign that is com
ing on. For that reason I second his
nomination and appeal to you, gentlemen.
25-CENT BARGAINS.
50c bottles Hart Chutney •. V.'..tsc
$1' bottles celebrated Acme cream 25c
50c style atomizers. Imported 25 C
10 pounds fine laundry starch '......25c
50c pretty china candlestick .......25c
$1 pair garden gloves, ladles', 7% ".'..' 25c
50c pair infants' fancy shoes 25c
50 pair ladles' plaid hose 25c
50c quality ladies' underwear, 5ma11..".!.'."
5 pairs 10c Infants' hose, gray 25c
40c Imported lather brush ..... '" ' 25c
50c Imported tooth bru5h........ !!!!!!!!! !!lsc
$1.00 BARGAINS.
$1 60 can of cream baking powder. *1
3 squares of fresh butter ........; .......'.sl
$2 25 brogans for men. 9V4. 10 10%.... $1
200 finer shoes for men, 9V, 10 .» $1
Ladles' $150 kid shoes 2»A to 4. $1
I ]>..undB Of high grade stocking yarn. ...... $1
25 yards blue and white German ca1ic0........ $1
26 yards light or dark dress calico ....Jl
... yards summer dress goods light:... $1 .
16 yards wool challle, dark figure.. .......\..J1
;° yards good family muslin, un bleached.... »l
1 S-ball croquet set. reduced $1
1 high grade hammock, now ...Jl
"« ;..■ - — ; ■ : : ; " ■. '
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S. F.PARDEE FINALLY WITHDRAWS
■i.o:give him the benefit of your vote on
tl : --. floor of the convention to-day. (Ap
>l4u>e).
RAINES PRAISES THE
V BRAVE SOLDIER BOYS
THE DELEGATES WHILE
: i THEY WERE WAITING.
Eloquent Words of the Lawyer Who
•Seeks to Be United States Senator
; for California.
••' CALL HEADQUARTERS, Aug. 24.—
General W. 11. L. Barnes, who
avowed candidate for the appointment of
tJhited States Senator to succeed Senator
Stephen M. White, addressed the State
' convention this morning. The address
\ras delivered during a break In the pro
ceedings, due to the failure of one of the
committees to report at the expected
.time. General Barnes responded to a call
made by the members and spoke as fol
. lows:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the
■Convention: In this world, as probably
In the world to c< me, no man knows what
is to happen to him. (Laughter.) I was
flattered— extremely flattered— by my ad
vancement In this body. On my first en
try 1 took my Beat like the young man
in the Scriptures— "Outside the pale"— and
along came one of the secretaries, and he
.said, "Why. General, this is no place for
■ you; come in." And be put me In most
agreeable Ibciety — among the ladles,
thinking, probably. I was an old one.
(Laughter.) I had not been there a
great' while this morning before one of
• the secretaries, with courtesy and wear-
Ing a smiie ana suitable apparel for this
n. came to me and Invited me to
take a Beat upon the platform. I am
'.'always afraid when a man approaches
.me. with a gift. (Laughter.) But 1 Anally
' concluded it would be a pleasant thing
to' hobnob with George Knight and with
• the- chairman of the Suite Central Com
' rnittee. and I came upon the platform.
■They, knew very well that the chairman
of the committee on platform and resplu
tions would not be ready to make his
tnent to you here of the principles
that were to guide us in this present cam
• paign, and so they had me. as they have
■ :my friend. Knight, unless h*> has run
■away (Laughter), ready to 1511 the gap.
it is pretty much as In one of those
' country races. They send a man around
the .track on a pony and with a bass
."drum to pound his way through the
.crowd before the big trotters come on.
■.(Laughter.)
; ' But. gentlemen, this is perhaps as good
•i as another to congratulate
■ ourselves upon the position
tlonal Republican party. It is wonderful
to !".'k N;uk upon its history and its tra
■ dl tions of honor, and see how it was
' bom, under what circumstances of dis
' aster and danger it came into existence.
how splendidly it grew, until it reached
: .the. to\\ , : i!!^ stature that commanded
Of t:.- world. In all the
changes of time and conditions of men it
: -,\n in the hour of advancement; in
•the. hour of peril It is in charge of the
'.helm of state, and under the administra
te'!) of the Republican party the most
•pflendid victories that the annals of war
.'will ever relate are those of the American
and n.ivy upon sea and upon the
land. (Applause.; I don't know how it
: is: with you, gentlemen, but within the
rour months this flag of ours has
grown to have a new beauty ami a wider
'meaning. Its stars, its mue, its white, its
crimson, were always the emblem of
•man's best hope and desire — always the
::i of something good and bright, to
cojne as i!:.- sunlight, breaking ' through
Cstern light, streaming with crim
.! with gold, and mingling its col
or's with the .-tars that God's great hand
larited to burn, like torches Im
.niortal, in the midnight sky. (Applause.)
It was to me the grandest emblem of
'all times, and to-day, when we look at
it. with the new -triumphs that surround
it. as it leads in the van of the new era.
ling beyond the limits of our own
country and passing over seas and cast
ing its" benediction upon other peoples, I
V. cm to think of the time imagined bi
t-he poet when the war drum should beat
ne longer and the battle flag be furled in
the parliament of mail and the federation
' -i>f , the world.
.■That flag floats to-day over islands yet
' unknown to the best civilization of the
time. Is it going to hurt the United
States to hold th.-m? (X'ries of "No.")
Is it going to do anything else to them
but bless them? Why. our fathers
• taught, and wisely perhaps at the time,
that we should form no entangling al
liances, and preserve ourselves like a
sort of hermit nation, unmoved and un
' disturbed by the sujrms that beat on
■o'fh'T continents; but when George
.-Washington wrote his famous farewell
address there were but three million
'.white people In all the colonies of the
: United States— three millions of people,
'■ and that was all— and a half million ne
. cto slaves. England held the north.
.Spain held the Floridas, France and
: Spain were contending for thfe territory
west of the Mississippi River, and Mcx-
Icd lay at the southwest, and Washing
ton said over and over again, in his cor
; respondence, that the Mississippi River
. was the natural boundary of the United
States. And we know that every time.
■ since then that territory has been ac
quired it was met with resistance on the
part of a great many thinking people,
because they supposed the constitution
of the United States could never stand
■ the strain of such extension.
. Wh<-n Mr. Jefferson, by the Louisiana
■purchase, and the expenditure of $15,000,
'.QT<O, took that vast territory west of the
.Mississippi, there were thousands of the
most thinking men In the United States
who declared it was the commencement
of the ruin of the great Government un
der which we had lived to that time.
When, in 1819, we made the mistake of
buying the Floridas from Spain and pay
ing th« claims of American citizens for
the depredations which Spanish bucca
neers had committed in the G'jlf of Mex
ico, seeking refuge in the "arbors of
Cuba— those very harbors where our
• ships in the last four months have been
•sending their mlsslk-s of war, when they
had taken and destroyed about eight
millions of dollars' worth of American
property, and for the Floridas, we agreed
to pay those bills — there was a mistake.
We should have taken the Floridas and
taken Cuba, too, then. (Prolonged ap
plause.)
When we annexed Texas and took It
into the Union, you will remember how
iitrenu-tusly the "Whig party of the time
-"sisu-d that operation. It has passed
into history that the great speaker and
orator of Ohio, Thomas Corwln, said he
•hoped the Mexican armies would wel
■ come those of the United States with
•bloody hands and hospitable graves. Vet
.we conquered Mexico, and. under the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, acquired
Ihoso territories, and the blessed land
where we now live. The Oregon pur
chape had already preceded It. And when
Mr. Seward. In 1867, leaped over the Brit
ish possessions and traded with Russia
for Alaska, you ail remember with what
shouts of derision the press of the United
States, from one end of It to the other,
accepted that transaction. So it is to
day. Yet. singularly enough, there is
.less resistance to the idea of ncqulring
possessions outside of the present limits
•of the United States thun to any other
.proposed acquisition of territory the
united States has ever made.
. For my part I hope and 1 believe that
not one foot of the territory of which we
have acquired possession, either by the
-sion of the foot or by the theory
.of law, will ever be surrendered. [Ap"
plau.se and cheers.] I hope never to know
that a single grave beneath which, under
the tropic sun, lie the rotting remains of
'an American soldier, mingling with the
soil of those Islands, shall ever be sur
rendered by this Government to nny
other on the face of this earth! [Tremori
• douß applause.] That it will rem;.*); foi»
■ever the sentinel over our heroes who
have fought and died for the extension
of American commerce and the rectifica
tion and chastisement of three hundred
years of the vilest outrages oy the vilest
Government the world has ever known.
TA-pplausf.]
I Deueve I voice your sentiment, and I
think a man might start from New York
and travel across the continent until his
■eyes caught the glimmer of the shining
waves of the Pacific— he might begin at
any one of the great lakes and pans to I
the southern extremity of Florida, and
be would find in the great mass of the
American people the determination that
the Government should be compelled to
keep whatever territory we acquired
either by purchase or b\- the art of war,
and that on any soil anywhere where the
banner of light and freedom and life and
love for mankind has unfolded its glis- ;
tening beauties to the glories of the sun !
or the shining of the stars, it shall never '
again be hauled down by any hand that
God ever made. [Applause and cheers.]
I arose, gentlemen, for the purpose or |
thanking you— (Cries of "Go on. go on"] j
I think my time !s up. [Cries of "Go on. |
go on."] I wonder if the chairman of
the committee on platform and resolutions
is up yet? I would suggest the appoint- |
mont of a committee to go down to the
Golden Eagle Hotel and see whether he
is out of bed.
The Chair— That has already been at
tended to.
General Barnes— What reason have we,
gentlemen, for looking forward to any
thing but a victory in this campaign?
They say that Maguire will be hard to
beat. I don't think so. They hold him
ufc> to us pretty much as they used to in
the country in the summertime hold up
a watermelon [Laughter] out of which
the boys had scooped the contents and
on the 'rinds of which they cut eyebrows
and then a couple of holes for eyes, a
triangle for a nose ami a slit for a
mouth, and put a tallow candle Inside of
It and set it upon a fence. [Immense
laughter.] Maguire is the compound got
by Democracy out of fusion. [Laugh
ter ] The Populists furnished the water
melon [laughter] and the n-mnnraoy
has cut out the face. [Prolonged laugh
ter and cheers'.] Now, I say this with no
personal disrespect for James Gallagher
Maguire. [Laughter.] I have enjoyed
his acquaintance for a good many years.
I have tried cases before him as a Judge;
I have had a good deal of badinage with
him on the subject of politics, and per
sonally I like M:iguire very much. What
there is of him is very good. [Laugh
ter.] The only trouble is there Is not
quite enough of it. It is singular to see
what powers of admiration the Demo
cratic party can evolve for an Individual
Democrat on the slightest possible pre
THE DELEGATES JOIN THE LADIES' QUARTET, SINGING "THE STAR-SPANGLED BANNER."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 25, 1808.
text. [Laughter.] Mr. Maguire has been
some time in Congress, and I pause, as
we shall pause as we go through the
State, to ask his personal friends to tell
us what great measure was over emitted
from the seat occupied by Judge Ma
guire in Congress. You will find none
whatever. It is true he fought the fund
ing bill, but he ilid not fight it half as
hard as S. G. Hilborn In the Alameda
District. i Laughter and cheers.) And
when the funding bill measure, made a
rider to another bill, was oefore the
House they all acquiesced in it.
DR. PARDEE WILL SUPPORT THE ENTIRE TICKET
SACRAMENTO Aug. 24.— Alameda County, with her usual loyalty to the Republican party, bows to the inevita- ,;
ble am: pledges her support to Henry T. Gage and the Republican ticket. Her services to the party were not ren
dered because of any expected reward, but because sh>> is loyal to the party thai has saved the nation in its time of
sorest strait and has carried the Stars and Stripes into the uttermost corner of the earth.
Whenever Alameda County has been called upon by the party she has responded in no uncertain tones, and in (
November next she will not only retain her proud position as the banner Republican county of the State but will put (
to blush all her previous services to the party. .
As to myself, I have this to say: lam only a Republican, and my earnest, hearty support will be given to the
ticket The spontaneous, enthusiastic support given to me by my friends and neighbors (who have watched me grow <
up from childhood to manhood and know me better than I know myseif) has touched me deeply. I would that I could (
express a" tithe of the gratitude I feel. GEORGE C. PARDEE.
And since Maguire's friend. Senator
Morgan, declared in San Francisco the
other day that the railroad issue might
now be laid out of slpht we find Mr. Ma
guire absolutely stripped of his capital.
Mr Hitt of Illinois declared in the I nion
League ClUb of San Francisco not long
ago that Mr. Hilborn had been in his scat
and in his committee-room at every ses
sion that had been held while he had been
In Congress, and he turned to me and
said: "If you will have those records
examined" (we were talking about it be
cause it was the night when those gen
tlemen were received by the Union
League Club in San Francisco, and when
the funeral procession of the slnele tax
was coming up Market street [Laughter]
—he said, "If you will turn to the rec
ords you will see that Mr. BCagUlre was
not in his seat attending to public busi
ness one day in twenty." And vet he
comes home and they pack him. after all
his pilgrimage through almost ev> ry
party to be found that had an "ism" or
a "crankism" In it, and hold him up and
sit him down like :i Chinese joss for the
Democracy of the State to burn candles
before. [Laughter.]
We snail take this subject up during
this campaign, and the peopla will under
stand pretty well before they get through
what they are asked to do. We shall get
back many wanderers from our folds, and
the silent punishment of the ballot-box
will teach a lesson to those who have en
deavored to fuse two parties together.
Then will be the result that has always
! followed where you tie a couple of cats
I tail to tail [laughter] or tie a couple of
mules tail to tail— they scratch and kick
I each other to death. And that is what is
going to happen In this State. [Laughter
and applaus.. ] The regular Democracy
won't have it; the Middle-of-the-road
Populist, who knows how he is being
swallowed up, won't have it.
Fellow-citizens, the registration of the
voters of this State is some :;o,im)o or 40.000
iess man it was in the last Presidential
campaign. Who kept away from the regis
tration" Not the Republican [applause]
because his heart was beating high and
answering, echo for echo, to the guns oi
Dewey and the guns of Sampson, iAp
plause.] He marched as a victor, and his
] registration meant more than the nromise
I of a vote for the election of a State of
ficer. He knew that it meant approval
i for the statesmanlike course that Presl
r dent McKinley has pursued. [Applause.]
: There is no Republican in this State to
day who, when he votes, will not feel
that he is speaking with a heart-throb to
that magnificent man at Washington who
deserves to sit high in the temple. In
I the Pantheon of human greatness, by the
side of Lincoln and Grant. [Applause.]
That trinity of names will go down to
I farthest history, and this age will be a
great age to posterity when it shall be
known that in a single generation, out of
the common citizenship of a nation like
this, have been evolved three such men
as Lincoln, Grant and McKinley. [.Tre
mendous applause.]
And so ! say that whoever votes the
Republican ticket this fall will say to
the President of the United States. "Well
done, thou good and faithful servant; re
ceive the heartfelt congratulations and
the undying love of one of your fellow
citizens;' although thousands of miles
away, his heart is beating in sympathy
with yours; his hand Is writing your
name high upon the scroll of fame. anS
in your case as in others will be taught
to all time, the lessons that republics
are. after all. not ungrateful." (Cheers.)
I have often said that we do not love
our country enough. We do not. We do
not realize what a heritage we have. We
do not realize how it is that in a cen
tury and a quarter we have nearly a
hundred millions of people. The church
and schoolhouse and farm and shop, and
the means of living, have grown here so
that we can never fear being hemmed
in by any people on the face of the
globe*. What a thought It is— that al
though all the world were to unite to
shut up the United States and blockade
its ports, and from inside and outside
put an embargo on the receiving or send
ing out of any product of this earth of
the industry of man, no one of the 100.
000,000 people would have less to eat, less
to wear, or know, except for the his
torical fact that we were at war with
anybody. (Cheers.)
We are a queer people. We went into
this wnr without getting mad. We have
not got mad yet. (Laughter.) We have
spent $150,000,000. and nobody thought of
It, and when at last the protocol was
signed and peace was practically assur
ed, nobody cared anything about that!
(Laughter!) All you did was to haul
down the flag that had been floating and
needed mending; our wives mended it
and laid it up for the next fight. (Laugh
ter.)
I wonder if there Is any people on the
face of the globe that can present such
a record? What other nation permit
the people of the nation with whom they
are at war to live among them in the
enjoyment of all the blessings of peace
without disturbance of any kind? Is
there a people on the face of this earth
as magnanimous as the American peo
ple? History presents no record of such
a nation, and we shall go on until the
great war for commercial supremacy
that within the ne:a ten years is to in
volve this nation, because the difference
in exchange is getting to be so vast in
favor of this country, for we sold the
world a billion of dollars more lust year
than we bought, and Bye yean of such
differences will bankrupt the world.
(Cheers.) What will happen? They will
attempt— and cause of war is always
easy to be found— to check the Americaikf
commerce, and then war will come again.
And I hone to God that when it does
come the "world will find us better pre
pared than. when this war began.
(Cheers.) That wo shall not send troope
to camp barefooted, shirtless and ragged.
I shall never forget the day I stood in
the streets of San Francisco and saw thai
regiment from Tennessee, under that
splendid old Confederate Colonel AY. C.
Smith, marching through the streets,
some hatless. some almost in rags and
some as nearly shoeless as the army of
Washington in the winter at Valley
Forge: but every face lit up With the light
of patriotism, and all singing and shout
ing as they wi at to tight for the flag of
their country. (Cheers.)
It was a shame. It was a shame that
these men ever Buffered as they have.
What touching scenes have occurred in
these camps. I hoard the other day of
a gentle, lovely boy. tola father's and
mother's only trust and hope, who en
listed and was sent to sleep upon the
danip sand at Camp Merritt. drilled in
the day time until the perspiration ran
from every pore and then turned loose
without a coat to shiver in the cutting
fog and the afternoon northwest wind.
At last canu disease. He lay waiting for
the hour of his death. Beside him the
captain of his company, the chaplain and
the surgeon of the regiment. In a wind
swept tent, where the night breezes flick
ered the light of the candle, that young
soul ebbed away, the vii'tim of mismnn
ag. nvnt and inattention. "He will live,
perhaps until taps come," said the cap
tain. "He will not," said the surgeon.
But he did and the last melancholy note
Of the soldier's good-night rloated over the
camp. As it ceased the boy's breast grave
one last heave and the convulsions of
death ran through his limbs and his eyes
closed. As the breath went out forever
the sentry halted in front of the t.'tit.
brought his piece to port and said "10
(/clock and all is well."
Aye! So it was all well with the suf
ferer. But it shall never be well until
the American Government has learned
that the lift of a single soldier is worth
as much as the life of the United States.
Never shall we do our duty until, when
we have a call for men. we shall send
them out equipped and ready for the dis
charge of the great duties of war, and not
keep them imprisoned in such sinks of
misery and Iniquity as that which lay on
the • dges of San Francisco, where fog,
sickness and horror reign and where on
the range of the cemetery of the Presidio
are 130 graves of American boys murdered
before the battle by neglect, carelessness
arid want of proper attention. Let us
learn this lesson and to those who are
legislating, whether here or at Washing
ton, let the lesson be inculcated that from
this hour out this army is the army of
civilization, equipped and prepared for
any event; that our navy is not the seventh
but equal to the first, and that we shall so
fully equip the boys that they will always
be ready to fight for the flag, the heritage
of our fathers and the hope of mankind.
(Cheers and prolonged applause.)
REGARDING THOSE
BOGUS CERTIFICATES
County Clerk Jordan of Afameda
Brands Those Produced by the
liilborn Committee Forgeries.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 24.— County Clerk Frank
ji.rtjrsn. whr> was at Sacramento :»••
day when the statement of the Hilborn
trotammee regarding registration certi
ficates was published, has wired the fol
lowing r*.»ly:
This statement of the Hilborn com
mittee is unfair, unjust, untrue and full
of mfttstatements and misrepresentations.
Let my friends rest perfectly assured
that my conscience is absolutely clear
on the proposition, and that I will not
retreat an inch from the position I took
in my statement previously published.
I will, as soon as I return to Oakland,
reply specifically to all the allegations
contained in the answer.
The facsimile of a blank certificate
purporting to be signed by J. B. Dean is
a forgery— clumsy at that— and so de
nounced by me on ihe day before the
primary.
As to the other charges made, to each
and every one I have a ready reply, and
It will be made just as soon as I re
turn.
I repeat again that no certificates were
issued by my office, signed in blank with
an impress :>f the seal thereon, and that
it is a lie that there were any blank cer
tificates sent out in packages, or in any
number, or at all.
I will take pleasure in answering the
statements of the Hilborn campaign com
mittee, and I am obliged to the mem
bers for the statement they have issued
FRANK C. JORDAN.
REA'S SO-tf IN REBELLIOUS MOOD
Trouble Caused by the Action of the
Political Gang in Deposing
Professor Smith.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 24.— Great interest is
now centered on the outcome of the San
Jose High School trouble. School opens
Monday, and it is not thought that more
than 100 out of the 350 pupils of the
school will attend. The boys voted unani
mously not to attend the school unless
Professor Smith was reinstated. Instead
the board elected Professor Uueason to thu
place, and the outcome of the strike of
the scholars will be watched with inter
est. A majority of the pupils will go to
the Santa Clara high .scnools. Parents
who stand in with the gang are deter
mined to drive their children to school.
but many of the pupils are obstinate and
will refuse to go.
Tom Rea, a son of "Boss" Rea, has
rebelled against his father's Interference
in the School Department. Young Rea
declares he will go to the Santa Clara
school. The boss says the boy must go
to the local school, and just who will
come out ahead in the matter remains to
be seen. Rea has offered his son all kinds
of presents to induce him to change his
mind, but without avail, and it looks now
as though the political boss will have to
make some big sacrifices in order to keep
lorn in the school.
NOTICES OF EJECTMENT.
Many Must Be Served to Clear Berry
Place of Its Shame.
The police are finding it a difficult job
to notify all of the owners, lessees and
occupants of the disreputable houses on
Kerry place. More than 150 persons must
be served with papers. The residences
of some are not known and can only be
ascertained after persistent inquiry. Such
Is the statement given out at headquar
ters. Sergeant J. B. Martin, assisted by
one of the policemen, has been busy wince
Tuesday morning serving the notices of
ejectment. He says it will tak<2 several
more days. It is believed that Berry
place will be cleared without any further
opposition on the part of the denizens.
TO SUCCEEjD DR. MORSE.
Several Physicians Mentioned for the
State Board of Health.
The question of who will succeed the
late Dr. J. F. Morse as member of the
State Board of Health is already being
discussed. It is said that the friends of
Dr. John Gallwey, the Health Officer, will
uree his appointment. Others mentioned
are Dr D. F. Ragan and Dr. Ed E. Hill
of the Harbor Hospital. The Governor is
expected to make an early appointment.
It 'is possible that the successor of Dr.
Morse will be asked to take up his duties
both on the State and the local health
boards.
34
SIDELIGHTS ON THE DAY
DR. PARDEE
STEPS OUT
WITH HONOR
He and His Army of Supporters
Cheered the Incoming
of Gage.
A Few Sidelights on the Serious as Well as
the Humorous Features of a Day
of Speechmaking.
By Henry James.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Aug. 24. — There are intervals
at which a convention is dry, and one
of these arrived this morning. An
nouncement ha I been made that order
would be called at 9 o'clock.
Of course nobody really believed it
•would be, yet the possibility had to be
recognized and cut short many a nap.
When the gavel fell tardily the dele
gates were still sleepy. Perhaps this
Is the rtai n they listened so quietly
to the reading of the report of the cre
dentials committee and adopted the re
port without comment, and, I am
bound to say, without any enthusiasm.
Thon chairman Nefl made known
that the platform committee would not
be ready for twenty-five minutes and
suggested that the space be filled by
speeches.
General Barnes was on the platform
and after a little vociferous persuasion
he advanced to the front. The general
is not only a journalist, but a candidate
for the Senate. To say what is his
reputation as an orator would be a
waste of words. That his speech was
bright and witty, marked by a happy
humor, and abounding in sonorous
phrase needs no telling. His tribute to
the flag was beautiful of sentiment and
expression, and when upon the grave
of soldier and sailor dead he laid the
wreath of memory there was tender
ness and poetry in the phrasing and
across the great audience, sitting
silent, there swept a wave of emotion.
To General Barnes stars are not
stars, but torches immortal in the mid
night sky. At times a patriotic climax
brought the listeners to their feet with
shouting and waving of banners. The
idea that where the Stars and Stripes
had been lifted there they should re
main wa3 exactly in accord with the
Idea of the audience. It was when the
speaker drew the picture of a volunteer
dying in fog-swept Camp Merritt, a
boy whose soul had fled just as the
sentinel had cried at the tent "Ten
o'clock and all is well," fven the men
could be seen - -ping their eyes. At the
end there were three great cheers.
Perhaps the speech had no legitimate
place in a convention, but I am glad it
was there, and venture to assert that
no space-rate inspiration will ever in
duce Barnes to write half so well for
a yellow journal.
There had been an expectation that
George Knight would follow, but when
at last Barnes made his bow Knight
had disappeared, taking with him the
justly celebrated thunder tones which
he has, on provocation, been known to
loose. A hasty search was made with
out avail, and the platform committee
still being out of sight a recess was
taken until 1 o'clock.
General W. EL H. Hart was in the
throng and might have been induced to
make a speech, but everybody waited
for somebody else to suggest this and
as a result nobody did it. Hart was
r^ady. He could have told the story
of the time he -vaa not a drummer boy
and how he had been wafted into office
on a rataplan he had never thought of
JUDGE FRANK F. DAVIS, Who Nom
inated Gage.
playing at a place he had never
thought of being. He could have told
of th^ brigade he did not r-.ise and the
commission he did not get, for that the
cruel war was over before he and the
President had time to arrange these
thing-s. Chock full of eloquence, Hart
did not get a chance to speil, and there
Avere several others. It was really too
bad. To make matters worse some
country* delegate started the rumor
that Knight had flown the coop be
cause he did not care to enter upon an
oratorical contest after he saw the gait
Barnes had struck. Knight said later
that it was no such thing, and I prefer
to take his word against that of the
country delegate, whose favorite son
has been smitten neckwise by the mis
fortunes of political war.
This is written at noon. There is a
cheering 1 rumor that Reuben Lloyd has
shaken the slumber from his lids and
will be on hand to let the convention
know about the platform immediately
after lunch. It ought to be a good
platform for the element of haste has
been wholly absent from its prepara
tion.
The afternoon session was interesting.
This story should have begun .vith it,
but it could not wait. There was some
delay owing to the fact that Reuben
\ H. Lloyd had an important report to
! present, and had not completed his
lunch, so two thousand people waited
in tb^sweltering pavilion for him to
get through. I trust he enjoyed the
lunch, that it set well, and that on
the glad morn of resurrection the gen
tleman will not delay proceedings by
a similarly elegant leisure.
To speed the moments T. V. Eddy
made a speech, but with all respect for
him I could not notice that it speeded
them particularly.
At last Mr. Lloyd arrived, and the
clerk read the platform. It is a vol
uminous document, thoroughly Re
! publican, as anybody may observe.
■ The only fault reasonably to be found
j with it Is that it contains too many
i -words. I do not see the utility of em
' bodying in a platform an essay on ir
rigation when there is an understand
i ing on the part of everybody with the
years and sense to vote as to what ir
! rigation is. But the platform was
j American in every plank. It was se
i vere on Maguire, and it is instinct with
I patriotism. It did not contain a thing
j to which a Republican can object, but
! I cannot understand why the compila
■ tion of it should have required a num
ber of lawyers to sit up all night. Of
course it was adopted after it had been
applauded, and it deserved both the
applause and the adoption.
The effort to limit nominating
speeches ran against the frost belt and
collapsed. There were too many fonts
of Ciceronian eloquence bottled up to
stand any such effort as this to nip
genius.
T. G. Phelps nominated Pardee. He
is a man of commanding figure, bear
ing well the dignity of years. He
spoke calmly, sensibly and avoided
flubdubbery. Alameda rose in its seats
THE SAN FR AN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 25, 1893.
DE YOUNG AND BUNKER MURPHY EXCHANGE VIEWS.
to cheer the mention of Its leader's
name.
Judge Davis of Los Angeles, who
nominated Gage, was a different mold.
Small, self-contained, he is more an
elocutionist than an orator, and except
as the representative of the great
event of the crucial day would attract
little attention in a convention. But
he knew what he wanted to say, and
his grammar and gestures were fault
less. When he had finished Los An
geles went as wild as Alameda had
been a few moments before. Then
seconds began to pour in.
A fat man from the south projected
into the situation an element of comedy
which had been lacking. He had writ
ten a speech and proposed to read it.
As nobody could hear he did not re
ceive attention. There were cries of
"louder." The fat man lost his place,
but never his temper. He would go back
hunting for the lost place, and, having
found it, begin over again. At last his
friends pulled him down and drowned
him in a sea of mirth. He looked mild
ly astonished and settled in his cfcair
as a scuttled ship settles into the
ocean. There were suggestions that
the secretary read the speech, but it
went astray among a clamor of other
suggestions that the secretary re
frain, and I fear the world can never
know what the fat man Intended to
say.
People desirous of learning of all the
speeches will be oblieed to turn to an
other column. Fisher of Alameda made
one of them. There was a tendency
at first to regard him as a Joke, and
he struck Los Angeles on the funny
bone. Later he corrected the primal
impression and turned the laugh on the
south so neatly that the Gage delega
tion had to join in the chorus. Powers
of San Francisco hurled himself Into
an opening which few but himself had
been able to discern. He talked for a
while, and seemed displeased at cordial
invitations to quit, going so far as to
denounce some of his associates as
hoodlums. He seemed to be correct in
this, for not long after this two of
them engaged in a fight. Unfortunately
neither was hurt, and for some reason
both were allowed to remain in the
assemblage.
After Powers came the incident which
was to be the climax of the day and
of the convention. The assurance was
by this time complete that Gage was
to be the nominee, and Pardee ad
vanced to the platform. He could have
but one purpose, to tear down the ban
ner his followers had so valiantly up
held, to bury his own honorable am
bitions and to throw his strength to
his opponent. I could not help but ad
mire him, realizing that which he
was giving up, and I think his manly
and gracious act will be remembered
to his good at some later day.
Then Alameda cheered for its over
thrown but still erect champion, and it
was the voice of Alameda which first
proposed that the Gage nomination be
made unanimous. There were cheers
for Pardee, and cheers for Gage. Up
rose the multitude and gave utterance
to its feelings. There was more enthu
siasm in the few ensuing moments
than there had been in the whole Dem
ocratic convention of the week before.
It was the sort of enthusiasm which
we had expected to see, and yet to see
It come from all the delegates regard
less of whom they had supported in
the beginning was a surprise and a to
ken. The Alameda rooters, headed
and shouldered by lengthy Billy
Friend, marched around the hall sing
ing an improvised Gage sonp- and they
were applauded until people were
hoarse. There were three cheers pro
posed for Billy Friend, and Friend,
not noticing the words, but realizing
that cheers were due somebody or
something, swung his hat and yelled
as loudly as any one, a circumstance
which detracted nothing from the hi
larity of the occasion.
The formality of having an individ
ual cast the vote of. the convention was
then duly observed, not because there
was necessity for it, but because some
body said there was, and the success
ful candidate c^me upon the platform.
I had seen him before — a man of good
appearance, a strong face, a sturdy
figure and an abundance of dishev
eled hair. While the event would have
been one to inspire a speaker less emo
tional, Mr. Gage's feelings almost over
came him, and it was apparent that
whatever he might say there would be
no great speech from him while the tu
mult of his triumph had scarce died
away. He made a frank expression of
his gratitude and appreciation. He
gave to the party the pledge of his
honesty of purpose and his honor. He
was sincere, emphatic, at no moment
eloquent.
It was a sin of omission, easily for
given, that he should have neglected to
express publicly his knowledge that his
Alameda foe had capitulated without
malice and without disloyalty.
To name Jacob Neff for Lieutenant
Governor required a number of speeches
and for the nonce the temperature
seemed to rise. Neff was nominated
after Selvage had been eulogized. Reu
ben Lloyd made the Neff nomination,
using few words but Lloyd's manner
was indicative of the utmost confi
dence. He extolled Neff as a citizen
belonging to the whole of California.
The mood in which the audience re
ceived his laudation was indicative of
the ultimate outcome. Here George
Knight took the platform. When he said
he was opposed to programming there
was a snigger. Knight seemed to have
been displeased that The Call men, after
days among the politicians feelins the
pulse of them, interviewing the dele
gate from a distance, had been able to
predict with accuracy as to the nom
ination of Gage, and, as they had also
predicted that of Neff he wanted to fool
them. He spoke in the highest terms
of McGowan and McGowan himself
made a favorable impression, but the
votes fell to Neff. This was not until
both Eddy and Preston had made
warm remarks tending to convey the
idea that they were not taking any
tips from Mr. Knight. Thereupon did
both Knight and McGowan get swatted
harder and harder as the calling of the
roll progressed. At the end the duty
of casting the convention's 788 votes
for Neff fell to Mr. Preston, and the
large man from San Mateo cast them
with the air of one who had done a
deed of virtue and felt thereat a glow
of Joy. Mr. Neff, returning to the plat
form, made an address of thanks and
as the echo of the applause still lin
gered the crowd passed out, a recess
having been taken until 8 o'clock. At
that hour the opinion prevailed that
the work of the convention would be
completed to-night. The opinion also
prevailed that it wouldn't. At this mo
ment the two opinions still prevail and
have about equal weight.
The evening session opened with a
season of praise heaped upon aspirants
to the Supreme bench, all good men.
I doubt if they can be quite so good
as portrayed, however, else would they
be translated in chariots of fire and be
associated of the only really Supreme
Tribunal. The speeches were made by
lawyers, whose tongues are trained to
honeyed words, but in whose hearts
there is no guile. If they exaggerated
the terms of approbation it was not
with intent to deceive, but to give the
honeyed words a chance to drip and
dribble, charming the ear and lulling
to somnolence the listener. But there
was brightness and beauty to the
scene, for ladies were there, clad in the
catchy hues of summer, and kept
awake by the rustle of their own fans.
Neither must it be supposed that the
speeches were all mediocre. The worst
of the lot was more interesting than
the long roll call, and the best
of the lot was in respect of
eloquence, the best delivered by any
delegate during any part of the session.
This was the speech of T. B. Hutchin
-son of Napa in nominating Judge
Buckles.
Hutchinson has the rare faculty of
swaying his hearers until they regret
when he reaches the limit of his time
and feel impelled to cheer him as he
takes his seat. In honor of this orator
the house resolved itself into a tumult
of applause.
There was another gentleman finding
instant way into popularity. A. T. Mat
lock was the name by which he was
announced when he came forward to
nominate Judge Ellison. He is a genu
ine wit and there was a roar of
laughter into the vulnerable spots of
which Matlock projected remarks
which chased the quietude to such dis
tance that it did not come back until
Matlock had retired amidst a storm
of congratulations. There was consid
erable show of enthusiasm over the
contest for Secretary of State, but it
was not much of a contest after all as
Austin, so far as I could notice, was
never in it and the space between the
opening vote and the hullabaloo of the
Curry victors was short. As this is
written the racket continues and a look
of pain is flitting across the counte
nance of Jim Rea. Nevertheless the
Santa Clara people yielded with the
statutory extension of the glad hand,
which was heartily clasped.
STOCKHOLDERS' LIABILITY.
Important Decision in the Sullivan-
Fraternal Life Association Suit.
An important decision relative to the
liability of members of corporations hav
ing no capita! stock, for their separate
proportion of its debts and liabilities, was
nanded dov. n by Judge Seawell yester
day in the ease of Mary A. Sullivan
against John F. Merrill and some eighty
members of the Fraternal Life Associa
tion.
Mrs. Sullivan brought suit against the
various defendants to recover $9 37*4 from
each of them as payment on an insur
ance policy issued on March 10, 1891. on
the life of Martin G. Elmore in favor of
the plaintiff. Klmore died in September
of 1594, and suit was brought to recover
on the policy.
In the decision handed down yesterday
the court hold that in the case of French
vs. Teschemaker it was concluded that
the section of the constitution providing
that "each stockholder of a corporation
or joint stock association shall be individ
ually and personally liable fur his propor
tion of all its debts and liabilities" was
not self-executing, and that legislation
was necessary to ascertain the proportion
of debts and liabilities for which a stock
holder was liable. "Such considerations
have peculiar force In dealing with a cor
poration organized as was the Fraternal
Life Association, for the purpose of in
suring the lives of its members', and in
which the amount of premiums or as
sessments paid varies, .acording to the
amount of insurance and the age of the
member," reads the complaint. "The
certificate of membership annexed to the
agreed statement provides for varying
rates of premium or assessment. Is each
member liable for an equal amount ol
tne debts, or does his proportion depend
upon the amount of his interest or con
tribution? Upon this question the stat
ute is silent. If I should be justified in
holding that In case of members having
an equal interest they should be equally
liable for the debts, I cannot presume,
in the absence of either allegation or
proof that each of the defendants was
insured for the same amount, or that
the premiums paid by each was the same.
Judgment will be entered for defend
ants."
BOSS REA'S
POWER HAS
GONE DOWN
His Creature of Corrupt Pri
maries Defeated in
Convention.
George A. Knight, Snubbed by Being Left Oft
the Committees, Makes a Stupid
Exhibition of Malice.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 24. — The Republican
State convention is nearing the end of
its labors. Five of the executive of
ficers have been placed in nomination,
most of the distriot conventions have
made their choice and to-morrow the
remaining standard bearers of the par
ty will be chosen.
Events have crowded quickly upon
each other to-day. The convention hall
has been crowded morning, afternoon
and night. Scenes of excitement have
relieved the monotony of nominating
speeches and the enunciation of polit
ical principles. Several spirited con
tests for honors have been fought and
won. Henry T. Gage of Los Angeles
wil) make the race for Governor and
Jacob H. Iseff of Placer will be his
associate for the position of Lieutenant
Governor. Justices T. B. McFarland
and W. C. Van Fleet have received re-
nominations and Charles F. Curry will
strive for the position of Secretary of
State.
The renom!nation of Justice McFar
land has created a great deal of discus
sion and unfavorable comment. It is
openly charged that the railroad has
surreptitiously exerted an influence in
favor of McFarland and through its
power has secured for him the honor
sought.
Before the contest had progressed
far enough to suggest in McFarlands
candidacy a danger to the State The
Call sent forth a warning and a pro
test. Many of the delegates found an
answer to both, but their opposition
availed nothing. A majority of the
delegates placed the aged Judge upon
the ticket to add to it a weight that
will do it no good.
During the proceedings of the day-
George A. Knight furnished the inci
dent that created the greatest excite
ment. The convention had subsided
into comparative quiet after the storm
of enthusiasm that marked the nomina
tion and acceptance of Henry T. Gage.
Jacob H. Neff, the nominee for Lieu
tenant Governor, had been in the
hands of his friend for eulogy and ad-
vancement. Then George A. Knight
appeared on the scene to disturb the
deliberations and attack the motives of
the great body of delegates. Knight
and his allegations supplied an incident
that has had a few parallels in the his
tory of the State.
This excitement of the afternoon ses
sion furnished a theme for the most
earnest discussion among the dele
gates and the throngs of politicians
now assembled at Sacramento. When
George A. Knight presented himself on
the platform to rail at the convention
and insult by unsupported insinuations
the delegation of which he was a mem
ber, a murmur of anticipation was
heard throughout the great pavilion.
"Knierht would cease to exist," some
one said, "if he could not live on noto
riety. If his associates will not give
him the center of the stage he will
seize it and we may expect him to
adopt his customary plan."
The fear of the speaker was not un
founded. Knight arose to present the
name of one candidate and in the pre
sentation to disparage the aspiration of
another. He threatened the San Fran
cisco delegation with an expose of con
ditions of which the general body knew
nothing, and of which the speaker ex
plained nothing. He announced that
because his associates refused to ac
cept his domination they had fallen be
neath the sway of some one else. The
manner in which the insult was pub
licly cast created a great deal of excite
ment and intensified rather than modi
fied the angry mood of the convention.
But Knight persisted in attacking the
convention itself, charging the exist
ence of a "programme" and admitting
the startling fact that no public man in
California i» a greater "programmer"
than he is if he be happy enough to be
on the "programme." The speaker's
confession upon a platform before near
ly two thousand people received the
response of a hiss and a sneer.
The members of the San Francisco
delegation were enraged and those of
the general conA'entlon were hurt. Both
felt the sting of the insult hurled at
themselves, and both resented in angry
words the clumsy attack that Knight
had made upon Neff, of whom no one
before had dared to speak aught ex
cept in tribute due to distinguished
ability and untarnished fame.
Many In the convention hall remem
bered that four years before George A.
Knight had been the "programmer"
chairman of the tlepublican State con
vention. Many remembered that even
as a "programmer" he violated his
tompact and his own public confession
to obey the contract implied in a "pro
grammer." The San Francisco delega
tion determined that under the condi
tion Knight's unwarranted bitterness
should be punished. At the conclusion
of the afternoon session of the conven
tion indignant groups of San Fran
ciscans gathered on the street corners
and in the hotel lobbies to discuss the
affair. It was proposed to call a spe
cial session of the delegation from the
metropolis to denounce Knight and
deny his insinuations.
Better counsels prevailed, however,
when the motive of the attack was
partly understood in the explanation
that Knight felt piqued because he had
not received the consideration of mem
bership on any of the convention com
mittees. He had publicly remarked the
circumstance and in a way to Indicate
his displeasure. Understanding this
the San Francisco delegation refrained
from any official notice of the attack.
The fact was called to the attention
of the delegates that Knight's only at
tempt to sustain his accusation was his
unjustified assumption that the fore
cast of nominees published this morn
ing in The Call was a "programme."
Knight learned later in the day that
the forecast was a prediction justified
by a careful poll of the convention and
an understanding of the combinations
made by the different aspirants for of
fice. The absolute accuracy of the fore
cast was mistaken by Knight for the
certainty of knowledge that a "slate"
would give. When the lawyer learned
his absurd mistake his mood changed
and all discussion of the incident In
which he had figured was allowed to
drop.
At the night session of the conven
tion there was another incident of more
than usual political meaning. In tho
contest for the nomination for Secre
tary of State the most formidable op
ponent of Charles F. Curry was Paul
P. Austin of San Jose. Austin had
many powerful friends in the conven
tion. He is admitted to be able, popu
lar and well fitted for the honor ho
sought. Possessing qualifications that
clothed him with an advantage, he was
handicapi^d by one serious and, as
events proved, fatal disadvantage. His
fight for political honor was managed
by Jim'Rea of San Jose, and as soon
as that fact was known the chances of
success had vanished for Austin. On
the other hand Curry's fortunes were
Continued on Page Eight.
CATARRH
CURE
■ Any person who
F^ is affected with
|H|*pp catarrh and who
M 1 vvi will give a fair
' trial to the new
cure, can have the cure on trial free.
The trial will convince you of the
merit or demerit of "Ozo" treatment,
and you can then decide whethw to
continue or discontinue.
"Ozo" treatment for catarrh is a
scientific method, and has been suc-
cessful so far. You can decide for
yourself. Call and get free trial
treatment or write for free trial
treatment.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, ElHs and Market Sts.
Notuq Piiro A tact tnat is
110110 UUIOi attested to by
some 40,000 men is a believable fact.
You can therefore believe that "Hud-
yan" is a genuine cure for weak
men. "Hudyan" is used in every city
in the United States. "Hudyan"
cures Failing Manhood, Nervous De-
bility, Weak Rack, Loss of Sleep, etc
Call or write for "Hudyan" Circulars.
Hiim Medical Mile,
Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts,,
San Francisco.
It troubled with Rheumatism. Neuralgia. Sol-
attca. Gout or any nervous disease, call at the
JOHN H. WOODBURT Institute, 127 West
forty-second st.. New York, for treatment by
Btatle Electricity. Consultation free. Charge*
moderate.LOYALTY AND HARMONY
LOYAL MEN
SELECT THE
NOMINEES
Good Work in the Second
■ ; Day's Session of the
">£;..■ Convention.
Enthusiasm and Earnestness Characterized
;>: the Proceedings and Harmony
:'••/:•;■■ : Prevailed.
. : r.CAI.I,' HEADQI'ARTERS, SACRA-]
.f.JMEENTO, Aug. 24. — The Republican
' delegates and onlookers were fa
■ ri'i . with another fearful day. As
_i.tt'iy ' came together in the pavilion
■Ihoy; paid- compliments to the climate
•ef.- Sacramento for the agreeable I
■ rerature. but nevertheless hustled up to
, :th"f> •' secretary's desk to get their return
■tickets .signed to enable them to leave
: fo\v;n ■immediately after the adjournment.
„• -Ou 9:46 Chairman Nell directed the con
•.• v^ntloh to come to order. A report ■
■ at" once called for from the committee on
';<;>• A member of the eomm:
DU.nced that the report was not quite
ly, but would be in shape for sub
■ mission within a few minutes. The chair
■ f ten minute.
■■•.. occUpyini ■ Ivet
'■ : cushions in the rear of the chairman, were
rank McLaughi::: General \V. H.
.'Li- Barnes. <■• rgi a. Knight. Timothy
. :.Giiy Phelps, Paris FTank Pow
' "iftri . John P. Jackson, Collector
. t>f>fhe Port of San Francisco, and M. R.
; ' Hjggins. The array of metropolitan tal
tllenged the admiration of specta-
• ' tori?, ••
■-.••; ']\Vben the chair again commanded or
- ■•'Mr. Hocking, chairman of the com
•mittee'on credentials, presented a re
.•Mp.qr.t.-a's follows:
• .; : '.'../ SACRAMENTO. Ausr. S4, IS9S.
 - To the Chairman anil Members of the Re
•: -RU'blican fctate Convention— Gentlemen: Tour
. :.ccmmU.tee on credentials beps leave to report as
' .£bl}p-ws:- Three contests were presented for
■'„ pur' consideration, viz.: First — Involving seat
.''as. delegate at large from Nevada County. Sec
■ ••'offl-^lrivolvinc the seats of, thirty-one of the
.. llhirry-three sitting ilelepates from Santa Clara
..'.-. Third— Involving v seat In the Fresno
•■■-tieiegation.
\ . pur conclusions and recommendations in
Ptfc&se ras.es. after full hear are es follows:
■ i. Sri the Nevada County case, that no delegate
•• at .large was -July elected as provided by the
" :<a!l". <.if thy State Central Committee and we
tliat neither of the ' claimants • be
, -ypat'ij, but that the majority of the ten dele
!.l,«aleS" 'Tejrtl.irly elected be permit I to vote
•til? fuirapr-ortionment of eleven votes to -svhiclj |
£$be i-oHr.ty i»- entitled;*
•■'• in tho Santn Clara case we find the sitting
■.Relegation entitled to seats In this convention
.■ oi^d/ su recommend.,.
-":- In .the Kresao ca?e we find Joseph L* Blanc
•. cntitje'd to a. seat a? the alternate of W. U.
• XVliris.ms. -vice the proxy named on the tem
,l>o! ary.rcil and bo recommend it.
■We further recommend that this convention
','taie steps to provide ■r rules and regulitions
to'Kovern th<? conduct of our primary elections
throughout the State.
■■ -\v tin,: the following to be the regularly ac
credited delegates, from the various counties
: -to this convention:
: • - " T. C. HOCKING, Chairman.
.."MAX (SOLDBKRO. Secretary.
.."•'The report was readily adopted on
-. friction of H. P. Sonntag of San Fran
. eisco.
'■ ' Grove L. Johnson, from the committee
• -on permanent organization and order of
.'business, read the report of that com
:'rr.ittee. The report was published in The
•Call to-day. Mr. Johnson moved the
"" rtion o.f the report. Carried.
'".."Reuben H. Lloyd of San Francisco.
.chairman of the platform committee, sent
word that twenty minutes' more time
'would- be required to complete the work
' on the resolutions. Chairman Neff de-
: cidedthat another recess would not be
advisable. He judged that the conven
• tlon would be glad to hear from the elo
•q-uent orators of the party who were then
. lined up on the Stage The suggestion
•'.elicited instant applause, and thereupon
■ .the chair named General Barnes as the
.' first . speaker to fill In the waiting time,
; . and asked that three cheers be given to
..the orator.
As General Barnes stepped forward to
address the convention, the delegates gave
-him the" compliment of three rousing
: routi's of spoken applause. The senti
: nients of the orator in favor of returning
: . ■ -_r: _::■■ -■
Supreme Justice W. C. Van Fleet, Named
to Succeed Himself.
the conquered islands of the Philippine
group evoked cheers from the audience.
Reference to the Maguire watermelon
which the Populists supplied and on
which the Democrats cut a face, caused a
deal of laughter. When the general es
say-d to close his remarks the delegates
shouted "Go on, go on." In the course of
Hon. Timothy Guy Phelps, Who Placed Par
dee in Nomination.
his further remarks the general dwelt
upon the neglect of American soldiers at
i Camp Merritt. He pictured the coming
, of the Tennessee regiment, led by that
"splendid old Confederate. Colonel
: Smith," and pathetically described the in- j
: cidentfl and scenes of a young soldier's '
death in camp. Tears were brought to
1 the eyes of many by the pathos of the
orator's eloquence. The display of whlf 1
flags In the shape of handkerchiefs was
the signal that the delegates had sur- !
j rendered to the "spell binder."
At the conclusion of General Barnes' :
speech he received the compliment of
; three mighty cheers. Calls were instantly
I uttered for George A. Knight. While the
i delegates were expecting to hear ftem
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, AUGUST 25, 189 S.
Mr. Knight word came to the chairman
that the committee on platform and reso
lution would not be ready to report be
fore 1 o'clock p. m. In order to give dis
trict conventions a chance to dispose of
the work in hand the main convention,
on motion of E. C, Hart of Sacramento,
took a recess until 1 o'clock. .
The afternoon session of the convention
was enlivened by a scrap in the San
Francisco delegation. These words, or lit
tle dispute between Alex Truman and
Charles Morris, delegates from the Thir
ty-eighth District, were regarding the
vote for McGowan for Lieutenant Gover
nor. Blows were exchanged in which
Truman landed first on his adversary.
The convention got a little excited over
this illustration of metropolitan methods
of adjusting differences and order was
not restored until the chairman rapped
with great vigor. The combatants later
in the session shook hands and resumed
friendly relations.
Chairman Neff rapped the convention to
; order at 1:40. He announced that Reuben
H. Lloyd of San Francisco, chairman of
the committee on resolutions, was ready
to report, but Mr. Lloyd did not. appear
as advertised. There was another long
wait for him. Delegates called "time, 1
"time," and "Knight." The day wore on
and Knight came not. - \
To quiet the impatient audience Chair
man Neff stated that Mr. Lloyd, who had
been working steadily on the platform all
night and morning, was taking lunch in
order to obtain strength to read the reso
lutions.
Failing to bring on Knight, who was
again called for, cries went up for '.'Eddy,"
"Col. Eddy," "T. V. Eddy." Responding
to repeated applause Colonel Eddy step
ped to the platform and made a speech,'
which entertained .the vast audience as
sembled in the pavilion. •,.-,-. „
Chairman Ncft". as a compliment to a
leader. Invited to the platform Colonel
George Stone, president- of the State
League of Republican Clubs. Colonel
Stone received applause as he "ascended
the steps to the stage, but did not make
a speech. •'.-'- : -...," ■ '. ;
Mr. Lloyd at length came. Pleading
hoarseness, he asked the secretary, Frank
D. Ryan, to read the platform. As the
reading progressed, signals of approval
greeted the frequent allusions to the
achievements of the army and navy In the
war with Spain. The name of President
McKinley was cheered. Declarations in
favor of retaining the conquered territory
if Porto Rico and the Philippines evoked
applause. Commendation of Senator Per-
kins and Representatives Loud. Barham
and Hllborn for supporting the annexa
tion of Hawaii was given by the audience.
The censure of Senator White and Rep
resentatlve Magulre was applauded.
The paragraph condemning Maguire for
accusing the Americans of piracy in seiz
ing Spanish ships was heartily cheered.
The denunciation of single tax .schemes
advocated by Magulre elicited hearty ap
plause. The plank urging the early con
struction of tht- Nicaraguan canal was
bailed with cheers. Many other salient
points in the platform commanded the
attention of the assembled delegates.
The report of the committee was on
motion of Mr. Lloyd adopted.
The way was now clear for the trans
action of the real business of the con
vention and the announcement of Chair
man Xeff that nominations for Governor
were in order was received with delight.
It was ruled that the roll of counties
should be called and each county having
a candidate should present his name.
Alameda, lirst on the roll, responded
by sending to the platform Timothy Guy
Phelps of Kan Mateo, who delivered a
speech of character and force, in which
he presented the merits of George C. Par
dee. The Alameda delegation responded
to the eulogy of the doctor In a brave
manner.
When Los Angeles was called, Frank F.
Davis went to the platform and made a
clear-cut address, setting forth the traits
and accomplishments of Henry T. Gage.
Mr. Davis is an apostle of the modern
school of oratory. He does not seek to
play on the emotions, but addresses his
remarks to the judgment of his listeners.
The nomination of Gage was seconded
by C. K. Stuart of San Diego. C. W.
Seamans of Los Angeles, Judge Short of
Fresno, Frank H. Powers of San Fran
cisco and A. B. Lemmon of Sonoma.
Tributes to the worth of Dr. Pardee were
spoken by Frank J. Solinsky of Cala
veras and P. M. Fisher Great enthusi
asm was excited, delegates rising in their
places and cheering when George C. Par
dee arose and walked toward the plat
form.
His commanding figure and superb
benring excited the admiration of all be
holders. The audience was eager to hear
what ho had to say. anticipating that
be would declare his purpose to with
draw. There was not a trace of bitter
ness or regret In the utterances of the
doctor. He withdrew from the contest
in the most graceful style and gained the
friendship of a host of Republicans
Cheers, prolonged and repeated, hailed
the loyal declarations of the retiring can
didate.
G. B. Daniplls, on behalf of the Alameda
delegation, then gained the recognition
of the chairman and moved that Henry
T. Gage be nominated by acclamation
Then another scene of cheering followed
The applause was tumultuous. When or
der was restored E. F. Preston of San
Mateo suggested to the chairman that
the law required the ballot of the con
vention to be cast. The secretary -was
directed to perform this function, but the
further point was raised that the secre
tary was not a member of the conven
tion. To keep the record clear and the
proceedings In due form Mr. Preston was
directed to cast the vote.
He made the simple announcement: "I
cast 7SB votes for Henry T. Gage of LO9
Angeles."
Chairman Neff then declared Henry T.
Gage to be the nominee of the conven
tion for Governor.
George C. Pardee, E. F Preston and
L. H. Brown were assigned to the duty
of escorting the nominee to the platform.
The remaining proceedings were here di
versified by the advent of the Alameda
rooters, headed by their leader, William
Friend. They bore the banner of Ala
meda County, and created a fine senti
ment in the convention. They were cheer
ed to the echo when they stood in the
center aisle and sang this campaign
song as revised to meet the new situa
tion:
ALAMEDA'S HOT TIME.
Alameda County '11 vote for Gage
For Governor of the State, -■•■'.. ;•
For she's chuck full of Republicans,
And he's her candidate; ■ > Si
But she'll keep the famous banner.
And with Pardee. wise and sn«e.
Will pile up a great majority
For Henry T. Gage. .
CHORUS.
" When Pardee says: •• f r \V?
Cheer for Henry Gage-
All Join In and > ■
Let us battle wage;
And when the votes are tallied.
You'll find upon the page. •-.
His name as Governor •
Of cali— forni— -a.;.^ Baby)
Now we've picked out Gage for winner.
Just you watch the voters.Hop . . .
From that "fuse and bust , Magulrelte,
wty" tt S hey"n^kn^what struck them
In their Gubernatorial Rage.
As they follow the procession
After Governor Gage. (Chorus.)
With our banner brightly waving,
Alameda Ml lead the van. _„__
And make 'Henry Gage our Governor—
A straight Republican.
And when his administration ends
We are sure you will agree
■To lead our hosts to victory
For Governor Pardee. /choniO
Hurrah for Gage! ;
Hurrah for Pardee!
Hurrah for Alameda County!
Hurrah for the Ycunj? Men's Republican
league! ' ■  •
Hurrah for the fißhttncr "Pondlnklesl
Alameda-s example of courage and de
votion to Republican principles in the
hour of disappointment was recoenized by
a An announcement was made that a
great Gage demonstration would be held
ft the Macdonough Theater, Oakland. to
open the campaign in the banner Repub
lican county of the State. the audience
Mr Gage was received by the audience
rising and cheering. He was Introduced
by Chairman Neff. and "jade a speech
thanking the convention for the high
honor conferred upon him. „_„,.
Nominations for Lieutenant Governor
were next in order. Chairman Neff left
his place In the chair and H. Z. Osborne
tilled the position of Presiding officer. A.
J. Munroe of Humboldt named Thomas
H Selvage of that county as a candidate.
R. II Lloyd of San Francisco placed in
n °^eSS 0 A J KniKh"-o?fan Francisco in
a spirited speecn. in which he declared
the time was opportune for br .^klnK the
programme, placed in nomination Fran
McGowan. Colonel T. V. kddy of San
Fr-incisco went to the platform and
"hulled back™ Knight's insinuation that
the San Francisco delegation was pro
sr £ m F e pr f eston' e slconded the nomination
of Jacob Neff in a ringing speech which
Ba S^ E TcG?^'rS;At; the platform
nn.i sixike a few words, promising to
serve ?he State to the best of hia ability
if chosen to fill the office. Many of the
delegates fancied that Mr. McGowan -was
going forward to withdraw from the
field and were a little surprised at the
SI After the roll call had progressed nearly
to the finish and. when over 450 viijes had
been recorded for Mr. Neff. George A.
Knight, on behalf of Selvage and Mc-
Gowan, moved to make Mr. Neff s choice
unanimous. The motion prevailed amid
cheering. , , . m ■..
Jacob Hart Neff was called for, and his
appearance on the platform was a signal
for another demonstration of enthusiasm.
He gracefully accepted the honor be
stowed, but did not retard the conven
tion with a set speech.
The convention adjourned to meet at 8
The delegates assembled for the even
ing session with commendable alacrity.
The convention was called to order by
Chairman Neff. On motion of L, * .
Lacey of Monterey, nominating speeches
were limited to five and seconding
speeches to two minutes.
Judicial nominations were declared In
order The roll of counties was called.
The first response was from Los Ange
lea by E. A. Mcserve. He came for
ward and presented the name of Judge
W. H. Clarke for Associate Justice of
the Supreme Court.
T. B. Hutohinson of Napa put before
the convention the name of A. J. Buckles
of Solano County. The speech, depicting
the heroism of Judge Buckles on the field
of battle where he lost a leg. won from
the convention storms of applause.
General E. S. Salomon of San Fran
cisco seconded the nomination of Judge
Buckles. ....
V. S. Webb of Plumas placed in the
field Stanley A. Smith of Sierra County.
F. D. Soward of Sierra seconded the
nomination.
Charles T. Jones of Sacramento named
for the consideration of the convention
Judge T. B. McFarland. Judge Van R.
Paterson of San Francisco seconded the
nomination of McFarland. The delegates
listened with marked attention to the
speech and gave Mr. Paterson three
cheers.
A. L. Hart of San Francisco also sec
onded the nomination of McFarland.
George A. Knight went to the platform
when San Francisco was called, and
placed in nomination Judge W. C. Van
Fleet. Mr. Knights appearance was the
signal for an outburst of applause. His
eulogy of Van Fleet was glowing.
E. C. Hart of Sacramento seconded the
nomination of \V. C. Van Fleet.
Frank H. Short of Fresno spoke in be
half of Judge Van Fleet.
John F. Davis of Amarior spoke of the
judiciary as the balance wheel. He askfd
the convention to make no mistake in ju
dicial nominations. He eulogized W. C.
Van Fleet as a lawyer of fine ability and
a Judge of undoubted Integrity.
Captain Matlock of Tehama placed in
nomination John F. Ellison of that coun
ty. He said that a generation had come
and gone since Northern California had a
place on the Supreme Court of California.
Matlock kept the convention in a roar
of laughter. He made the only witty
speech of the week, and when he closed,
the Pavilion rang with cheers.
Charles A. Garter of San Francisco
added a few words in commendation of
Judge EHlson.
Ernest We y ant of Colusa seconded the
nomination of Judge Ellison.
Orestes Orr of Ventura brought to the
attention of the convention the claims of
Southern California for representation in
the Supreme Court. He placed in nomina
tion Judge Benjamin T. Williams of Ven
tura County for Associate Justice.
E. Severin of Humboldt seconded the
nomination of Judge Williams.
H. C. Firebaugh of San Francisco sec
onded the nomination of Judge Ellison.
The chair announced that the delegates
should vote for two candidates. The first
ballot resulted :
Van Fleet, 522; McFariand. 475; Buckles
154; Ellison, 85; Williams, IC4; Smith, 27-
Clarke, 14.
The chair announced that Van Fleet and
McFarland were the nominees of the con
vention. A motion to make unanimous
the nominations of Van Fleet and Mc-
Farland was carried.
.nfter the announcement of the result
of the Supreme Court ballot a motion was
made to adjourn. Some confusion en
sued, but the motion was put and lost.
The convention then proceeded with the
regular order of business.
For Secretary of State, A. L. Hart nom
inated C. F. Curry* of San Francisco.
William Bowden of Santa Clara County
put in nomination Paul P. Austin of that
county for Secretary of State. Judge
Soward of Sierra seconded the nomina
tion of Austin.
Frank Marston of San Francisco sec
onded the nomination of Mr. Curry.
R. S. Taylor sard. "Siskiyou gives out
her sympathy to Santa Clara and seconds
the nomination of Paul Austin."
William Friend of Alameda. bedecked
with the badges of all the endidates, sec
onded the nomination of Paul Austin.
Great applause greeted Mr. Friend's ora
tional efforts.
No other candidates were named and
the contest went along with quick cheer
ing as each candidate received the vote of
some important delegation.
The casting of 156 votes of San Fran
cisco for Curry put that candidate far
ahead. After Santa Clara voted for
Austin, Mr. Bowden. on behalf of Mr.
Austin and the Santa Clara delegation,
moved that Mr. Curry's nomination be
made unanimous. The motion pre
vailed.
Chairman Neff announced that 78S votes
had been cast for Curry, and declared
him the nominee of the convention for
Secretary of State. When the motion to
declare the choice unanimous was made
there find been tallied for Curry 453, and
for Austin 173 votes. The convention ad
journed until 9:30 a. m. to-morrow.
CONVENTION DELEGATES
AT THEIR COUNCILS
BRILLIANT ORATIONS ENLIVEN THE
PROCEEDINGS.
A Complete Report of the Important
Work Accomplished by Republi
cans at the Capital City.
The convention was called to order by
Chairman Neff at 9:45 o'clock a. in.
The chair— The first business in order
is the report of the committee on creden
tials.
A member of the committee annotinced
that the committee on credentials was not
ready to report, but would be ready in
about ten minutes, whereupon recess was
General W. H. L. Barnes' Patriotic Speech
Aroused the Entire Convention.
taken to allow the committee to finish Its
report.
At the expiration of that time, the con
vention was called to order, and the sec
retary read the report of the committee
on credentials.
Mr. Preston of San Rafael— Mr. Chair
man: I move to dispense with the reading
of the roll call. Seconded and carried.
Mr. Sonntag— l move the adoption of the
report as read. Seconded and carried.
The chair— The next business In order
is the report of the committee on perma
nent organization and order of business.
Grove L. Johnson, chairman of the com
mittee, read the report and moved Its
adoption. Seconded and carried.
The chair— The next business in order is
the report of the committee on platform
and resolutions. I am informed that it
will be twenty or twenty-flve minutes be
fore that committee will be ready to re
port. I want to say to you that upon the
platform are some of the greatest and
best speakers of the State, and during the
interim, while we are waiting, I think a
speech from General W. H. L.. Barnes
would be very acceptable. (Applause and
cheers.)
Gentlemen, it is not necessary for me to
introduce to you General Barnes. He is
known to every one of you. 1 propose
three cheers for General Barnes. Give
them with a will.
The convention responded in an earnest
manner.
General Barnes then delivered an ad
dress which is published in full in another
column.
At the close of General Barnes' address
calls were made for George A. Knight,
but that gentleman could not be found.
The chair — When 1 suggested that a
speech from General Barnes Is always
pleasant, I notified Mr. Knight that his
turn would come next, but it came too
soon and he has slipped out. Now I am
sorry that Mr. Knight is not here.
A delegate — What's the matter with
Joe Campbell.
The chair— Bring Joe Campbell here
and we will hear him. Mr. Campbell. I
have Just been informed, is on the com
mittee on platform, and that committee
■will not be able to report until 1 o'clock
this afternoon. Of course for that I am
not responsible, and I suggest to you that
unless some other matters shall be pre
sented that we had better take an ad
journment until that hour. On motion of
Judge Hart the convention took a recess
until this afternoon at 1 o'clock.
The convention was called to order at
1:30 p. m.
The report of the committee on platform
and resolutions not being ready, and the
chairman of said committee not being
present, Colonel Eddy was called upon to
address the convention during the interim,
and responded as follows:
Colonel Eddy — Mr. Chairman and gentle
men of the convention, I desire to ac
knowledge my grateful thanks for your
kindness in calling upon me on this occa
sion. I realize the fact that you are all
impatient— as am I — for the appearance of
Mr. Lloyd with the platform of tho prin
ciples which we expect to adopt here to
day, so that we may proceed with the
business before the convention. In the
interim perhaps I may say a few words
regarding my ideas of the campaign that
is now opening before us, and if I may be
permitted to say anything that will have
a tendency to increase the enthusiasm of
those who are before me and compose this
convention I shall be glad indeed. If
there is anything extraneous to the grand
principles of the Republican party whfch
would have a tendency to kindle profound
enthusiasm in the hearts and breasts of
those who would come beneath the grand
banner of that party and keep step to the
music of Republicanism it is to stand be
fore such a magnificent assemblage as is
here gathered together and look into the
faces of the intelligent representatives of
the greatest political party that ever ex
isted in the history of the world. [Ap
plause.] Gentlemen, this is a Republican
year. The stars are fighting for the Re
publican party and it.s principles this
year. The banner under which we march
is the banner of Republicanism, and the
Republican party is as sure of success.
I believe, in the great State of California
as that an election shall occur, if no mis
takes are made in the deliberations of this
body. If no mistakes are made here to
day and before the conclusion of the lie
liberations of this body, then indeed will
the "Mene mene tekel npharsen" that
appeared in letters of light upon the festal
walls tip the startle.) gaze of the Babylon
lan Kings be as nothing but the fantastic
dream of a disordered mind compared
with the handwriting on the wall that will
appear to lead the giant of Democracy
and Populism, and they will not need any
Daniel to interpret it, either. [Ar-"iause
and cheers.]
I had the great fortune to be upon the
floor of what I consider the most mem
orable national convention that was ever
held under the auspices of the Republican
party, save perhaps one. In ISBO, I had
the "fortune to listen to the magnificent
and matchless eloquence that came pour
ing forth from the lips of the majestic
Conkllng. I heard the words that came
seething from the patriotic fires that
raged within the walls of the great Lo
gan; I heard the words of wisdom that
camo from Harrison; from all those
groat leaders, but 1 remember distinctly
that after all was said by these great
orators there arose a man in that con
vention, perhaps more majestic, more im
pressive in his mion than any that had
gone before him. It was immortal Gar
tield (prolonged applause) and from his
lips came the solemn words of admoni
tion. He said to tho assembled dele
gates: "Gentlemen, it is not in the
midst of an enthusiastic convention such
as this that the great battle that is upon
us is to be won, but it is by the fire
side of the lowly and the great, the rich
and the poor, the farmer, the artisan
and the banker, by the fireside and at
the polls on election day that that great
question is to be determined and solved
as to whether or not success shall crown
the efforts of the Republican party."
Lot me borrow those words from the
Immortal Garfleld, and admonish you,
gentlemen, taking some admonition your
self, that if we make no mistakes, if we
avoid contention, if we avoid difficulties,
if we go before the people of the State
of California united as a people, with a
ticket that shall command the respect of
all alike, success, as sure as the sun
shall rise on election day, will crown the
Republican party of the State of Cali
fornia. (Great applause.)
In conclusion, as I see the chairman of
the committee here, let me say to you
that no longer should we allow California
to be misrepresented in the T'nited States
Senate and in Congress. (Applause.)
No longer should a man who does not
represent the progressive spirit of the
grand citizenship of the State of Cali
fornia be allowed in the gubernatorial
chair in this city. fGreat applause.)
Finally, California should grasp zhe ban
ner, afhd assume her rightful position at
the head of the column carrying the ban
Supreme Justice T. B. flcFarland, Who Was
Successful Before the Convention.
ner of Republicanism on to triumph, so
that from new on no man should hesi
tate to say whether California is a Dem
ocratic or Republican State. (Applause.)
The Chair— Now. gentlemen, we are
about to listen to the reading of the
platform drafted by your committee, and
I hope tt;at you will observe perfect or
der, so that every delegate will hear what
is read, in all of its particulars.
Mr. Lloyd of San Francisco— Mr. Chair
man. 1 have the report of your commit
tee on platform ami resolutions, which,
on behalf of the committee I beg to pre
sent to this body, as I am quite hourse,
I was ill) early this morning and 1 am
not in a condition to read, and, therefore,
1 will ask the secretary of this convention
to read it.
The Chair— There is no objection. The
secretary will read the report. (The sec
retary here read th>- report of the com
mittee on platform and resolutions*
Mr. Lloyd— l now' move the adoption of
the platform just read.
Mr. Tauszky — i desire to move an
amendment to that portion of the plat
form relating to the candidates for the
Legislature being requested to vote in
favor of charters proposed by cities: that
the word "requested" be stricken out arid
the word "pledged" be substituted.
The Chair— Send your amendment in
writing. Have all the amendments sent
i j I * in writing.
The secretary rend the following amend
ment: "Where municipal charters have
been adopted by the votes of citizens of
municipalities under constitutional pro
visions, we pledge our legislative candi
dates to vote to approve the same in the
Legislature." Substitute the word
"pledge" for "request."
The Chair— Gentlemen, you have heard
the amendment offered, do you under
stand it thoroughly.
Mr. Cutter— Mr. Chairman, the last Leg
islature passed a law making it a mis
demeanor for any person or any con
vention to pledge a Legislative candidate,
except the convention which nominated
BUCh candidate. Motion to adopt the
amendment was lost and the report of
the committee on platform was adopted.
The Chair— Now, gentlemen of the cii
vention, the next business in order will
be the nomination of a candidate for Gov
ernor. 1 will instruct the secretary to
call the roll of the counties.
A Delegate— i desire to make a motion,
before the secretary (alls the roll. I move
that the nominating speeches be limited
to iive minutes. The motion was lost.
The Chair— As the roll of counties is
called, any gentleman desiring to place
in nomination a candidate for Governor
will approach the platform and make hia
speech here.
, The Secretary— Alameda County.
The Chair— Mr. Phelps of San Mateo.
Gentlemen of the convention. I have the
pleasure «f introducing to you Mr. Phelps
of San Mateo. (Cheers.)
(Mr. Phelps 1 address is published in full
in another column.)
After the speeches nominating Mr. Gage
and Dr. Pardee had been made and the
nominations had been declared closed Dr.
Pardee addressed the chair. He came
forward to the platform amid the cheers
of the convention.
The chair — Gentlemen, it affords me
more than pleasure to introduce to you
the Hon. George C. Pardee of Alameda.
Mr. Pardee— Mr. Chairman and Gentle
men: To say that I feel honored by your
reception of me would be to put it mild
ly. Beggar that I am. lam even poor
in thanks. I come before you to-day as
a Republican of the Republican banner
county of this great State of ours. From
sunny Shasta on the north to San Diego
on the south, from the west where the
waves of the Pacific leap upon our shores
to where the barriers of the great Si
erras stand, clad in eternal snow, there
is no more loyal county for the Repub
lican party in this State than is the
county from wnich I hail. (Applause
and cheers.) Its loyalty to the party ha 3
been tested upon many n'elds of battle,
and it lias never wavered in the contest.
Whenever the fate of battle was hanging
trembling in balance. Alameda County
stepped into the breach and rescued the
Republican party from defeat. (Ap
plause.) 1 feel that every loyal Repub
lican, coming from the north or from the
south, should hold above all personal am
bition, above all the love he has« for his
country, that greater love which he
should hold for his party. I believe that
the Republican party to-day, if it pre
emmv, will win tile day. There tore^ui
ordef that there may be no question as
to the Utter harmony of this convention
and the party behind it, I ask that my
name be withdrawn, and that the solid
vote of this contention be given to Henry
T. Gage of Los Angeles. (Applause and
cheers.)
Three cheers were proposed for George
C. Pardee, and given with a wai.
Mr. Daniellsof Alameda — Mr. Chairman,
on behalf of the friends of Dr. Pardee, I
move you, sir. that the nomination of
Henry T. Gage of Los Angeles be made
by acclamation.
Motion seconded and carried unani
mously.
Three cheers were then proposed and
given for Henry T. Gage.
Mr. Preston— Mr. Chairman, I move
you that the secretary of this convention
be instructed by the convention to cast
its ballot for Henry T. Gage for Gover
nor. Motion seconded and carriefl.
The secretary. Mr. Chairman, I have
the honor to cast 788 votes of this conven
tion for Henry T. Gage for Governor of
the State of California.
A delegate. Mr. Chairman, I jinder
stand that the secretary is not a member
of this convention and I move that E. F.
Preston cast the vote for Henry T. Gage.
Motion seconded and carried.
Mr. Preston— l cast 7SS votes for Henry
T. Gage of Los Angeles for Governor.
The, chairman— Henry T. Gage, having
received the unanimous vote of this con
vention, I declare him the nominee of this
convention for the office of Governor, and
I will appoint Hon. George C. Pardee. E.
F. Preston and 1.. H. ifrown to escort
Henry T. Gage to the platform. Henry
T. Gage was thereupon escorted to the
platform by the committee, and delivered
an address printed elsewhere in these col
umns.
The chair— The next business in order is
the nomination for Lieutenant Governor.
Mr. Monroe of Humboldt— Mr. Chairman
and fellow Republicans of this conven
tion: It is an honor to any men and es
Continued on Eighth Page.
56
THURSDAY AUGUST 25, 189^
" JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
. Address All Communi^ons^oJ/V^J-EAj^EJ^^agei^
PUBLICATION OFFICE...... Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
,■>.,;., Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I*
served by carriers In this city aod surrounding towns
• for 15 cents a weak- By mall $6 per year; per mont|>
65 cents. ' '
THE WEEKLY CALL. One.year. by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE ■ • _...908 Broadway j
hEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building,
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE - Rlggs Hour*
• . • C C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Msrqu*tte Building
C. GEORGE KROGPIESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street..corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
' 9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 ;
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- I
• 1941 Mission street, open until JO o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 251*
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh \
• • street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open •
■' '. until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTa.
Columbla-"On Probation " X
Alcazar- -The Merchant of Venice"
Moroscos - "Ordeal of Two Sisters '
Tlvoll — "La Gloconda."
Orphcum Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the Kl3-pound Man.
Uympia-Oorner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Mechanics Pavlllon-The Irish Fair.
Central Park— -The Battle of Manilla."
sutrc'E Baihi*— Swimming 1 .
State F;.ir— Sacramento. Septembers.
FUGITIVE WILLIES GARBAGE.
WHEN the fact was made known that the circu
lation of the Examiner in this city was carried
on largely through the garbage crematory, it
was everywhere recognized that the practice entailed
a drain upon the fast vanishing estate, which,
small as it was, the fugitive Mr. Hearst would sooner
or later have to cut down. Such of the people, there
fore, as take an interest in the capers of the faker
waited to see what was going to happen.
They did not have to wait long. It was soon noted
that the Examiner circulation was diminishing. Ac
cording to the statements of the affidavit "swear man"
of the Examiner itself the circulation was reduced
more than 5000 copies inside of two months. That
wa>. something saved on the garbage bill of the con
cern, but it appears it was not enough.
The Examiner now maintains that its garbage
should be burned at the expense of the public. In
an editorial it stated yesterday: "The cremation of
garbage is a public function that should be performed
by the municipal government. In the larger cities of
the East and in Europe the refuse is collected from
private houses and destroyed at public expense.'"
The meaning of the new movement of the faker is
plain. The fugitive Hearst desires to impose upon
the people the cost not only of the copies of the
Examiner they may be deluded into buying, but also
that of burning those he sends to the crematory. He
would now like to have all his garbage unloaded
upon the municipality, and eventually he will concoct
a scheme to make the city buy his siren.
The proposition as put forth by the faker
will be opposed by all taxpayers, but if it
were amended so as to include the whole issue of the
paper with all the plant and the siren in the general
term of garbage, the people would be well nigh unani
mous in favor of the project. Let the fugitive Willie
make a clean sweep of his premises and send the en
tire outfit to the crematory' and the city will gladly
pay the cost of the burning.
JAMAICAN PLEBISCITE.
DISPATCHES from Jamaica announce that
when the sugar conference assembles at Bar
badoes in September to consider the interests
of the sugar-growers of the British West Indies a
proposition will be submitted from Jamaica request
ing permission from Parliament for the people of that
island and of the British West Indian colonies gene
rally to arrange for annexation to the United States.
Jt tr stated the Jamaica people will endeavor at the
conference to induce the other colonies to act with
them in the proposed movement, but if they fail in
that they will act alone. They have, it seems, ex
hausted all means of obtaining from Great Britain
protection for their industry, have lost hope of ever
getting such protection, and now are desirous of
separating themselves from the empire and becoming
a part of the great American republic.
The movement is the result of changes recently
t>r<. ught about in the sugar industry by the enormous
increase in the output occasioned by bounties in Ger
many and France and protection in the United States.
The sugar-planters of the British West Indies under
free trade have found themselves ruined. Parliament
has long had their claims under consideration, but
has not been able to find a way to remedy their evil
plight.
A duty on foreign sugar entering Great Britain
would help the West Indian colonies, but all parties
in Parliament are wedded to free trade and such a
proposition would be rejected at once. Equally futile
have been all suggestions of subsidies. An attempt
was made recently to induce France and Germany to
abandon their bounty system, but nothing came of it.
At present, therefore, the sugar-planters of Jamaica
can see no escape from ruin except by annexation to
the United States, where they would have the bene
fits of protection.
The proposed plebiscite may partake of the nature
of a bluff in some respects and be put forward to
force the hands of Parliament. It is probable, how
ever, the project is seriously entertained. A British
precedent for the surrender of the West Indian colo
nies is to be found in tJie surrender of the British pos
sessions among the lonian Islands to Greece some
years ago. The proposition therefore might find favor
in England itself. It is consequently one that may
become a question of practical politics with ourselves,
nnd we may yet count the British as well as the Span
ish West Indies among our colonial possessions.
Announcements that a certain actress is near
death's door come with just the same regularity as
the denials. Space rates are too high, too, but per
haps in this instance special rates are made by reason
of the magnitude of the contract.
Possibly J. Aubrey Jones was less surprised at his
nomination than he thinks he was. If the nomination
really startled him election would shock him to death,
and it behooves his friends to see him protected.
If the Spanish Government is displeased with
Blanco he may count [ himself _as without friends.
Everybody else began to get displeased with him long
ago.
THE CONVENTION'S HEAD.
THE Republican convention showed a good head
in getting a good head when it chose Neff for
president.
No man commands in a higher measure the confi
dence and esteem of the State. He is an officer of
' the old guard, such a man as Parks of Yuba was in
his prime.
When Neff says a thing is so it is so. and that ends
it. With all the moral power of a clean record and
the advantage of an acquaintance in numbers and
quality second to none enjoyed by any public man in
the State, it was not in the power of the combined
anti-Gage field to beat him for the chairmanship of
the convention.
It must be admitted, in all fairness, that it was the
favor with which gentlemen like Neff looked upon
Mr. Gage's candidacy that commended it to the con
vention. His record has been so perfectly independ
ent, so free from that fever of ambition which dements
men and turn politics into typhoid, that others were
ready to take his judgment and follow where he was
willing to lead.
The convention could not possibly stray beyond
public confidence with such a guide, and that it
placed itself in a position where its good faith cannot
be doubted is due to such expressions of its character
and purpose as his election to the chairmanship.
It is a most notable certificate for a candidate to
carry the nomination and commission of a convention
organized by Jake Neff. and the party is fortunate in
the first formal act of its representative body.
It causes a torrent of slanders to die in the throats
of their utterers and withers such as have already be
fouled the air. If the pinto forces intend to make a
personal campaign, as was indicated by their organ,
they must revise their plans and go to judgment on
the principles they profess. Having promulgated
platforms which attack every institution of society
and government and civilization, they must fight it
out with those who believe in representative govern
ment, in the rights, of property and the necessity of
their judicial protection.
The Republican party and its candidate will sup
port the public credit, the international dignity of the
republic and the fireside rights of the people.
On these lines the campaign must be fought and
not on personal innuendo and misrepresentation, for
the convention was so begun, conducted and closed
as to make this impossible and impolitic.
SOUTH AMERICAN TRODE.
STUDENTS of commercial statistics have noted
that despite the vast increase in our exports of
recent years our trade with South American
countries remains virtually at a standstill. The fact
would not be a surprising one if the commerce of
those countries showed no evidence of expansion in
any direction, for it would then be in the natural or
der of things. It happens, however, that the trade of
South America with European nations, and particu
larly with Germany, is growing rapidly. It is there
fore clear that the stagnation of our business with
those countries is largely if not mainly our own fault.
Several theories have been advanced to account for
this condition of affairs and several suggestions
made as to the best means of obtaining our rightful
share of South American business. A strong body
of influential men are of the opinion that the chief ob
stacle in the way of our trade with those countries is
the lack of proper banking facilities, and they pro
pose to establish an international bank with branches
in the larger South American cities. Another class
hold that by proper reciprocity treaties we can gain
an increase of trade, and these are eager that such
treaties should be arranged as speedily as possible.
Much can be said in favor of these views. Each of
them has a solid basis of fact to rest upon. It is
doubtful, however, if both remedies combined would
be sufficient to advance our trade to any great ex
tent unless another factor is added to them. Com
merce is carried on by ships, and to compete in for
eign trade with the great nations of the world we
must have a merchant marine equal to that of any of
the great nations.
A good deal of light is thrown upon the subject by
a recent report from our Consul at Chemnitz, who,
after giving statistics showing the rapid growth of
German commerce, says: "If we are to take part in
the trade with South America and with the East we
must emulate this empire in the matter of ships. Of
all the ships that came into and went out of German
ports in 1896. 72.4 per cent bore the empire's flag.
Of the steamers 68.3 per cent were German."
Conceding all in the way of benefits that may be
derived from an international bank or from reci
procity treaties, the fact remains that we must have
American ships if we expect to have an extensive
American commerce. We are now paying tribute to
foreign ship-owners to carry our exports to market
and to bring imports to our shores. It is a wasteful
policy in a double respect, for it hampers our com
merce with many countries and compels us to pay
heavily for such commerce as we carry on with
others.
A large expansion and extension of our merchant
marine is the imperative need of the country. Our
industries are productive beyond our power to con
sume. We must find for them new markets, and we
must provide ships to carry' them to market. When
that has been accomplished we need have no fear of
German or British competition in South America.
When we have emulated the example of Great Britain
and Germany in promoting a merchant marine our
ships will carry our flag to every port in the world,
and trade will go with the flag.
There was no real harm in the ovations extended
to Cervera except the danger that the enthusiastic
populace would be charged with being a lot of asses,
and some people are so constituted as not to mind a
little thing like that.
Mrs. Botkin's opinion that anonymous letters
necessarily come from an underbred person stamps
her as a woman of discernment, and will naturally
create some sympathy for her in her trouble.
When churches complain that the Salvation Army
prevents their growth a counter charge that the
churches hinder the growth of the army would be
received with toleration.
Cuba is not demonstrating a right to be free. On
the contrary, the Cubans are trying to prove that they
deserve about six months apiece for petty larceny.
Jim Rea's candidates will have to come to the front
with some betteT backing than the fact that they are
the property of the gentleman from San Jose.
Everybody will give the Pardee men credit for yell
ing with as much enthusiasm as a lot of college root
ers at a football game.
The fact has been established that a Californian Re
publican convention knows the stars and stripes when
it sees them.
Barry and Spelling might draw straws to see which
shall withdraw and which remain to b«* defeated in
regular form.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, AUGUST 25, 1898.
WITH an eye on the clock and mindful of the
lapse of time, Judge Maguire has accepted the
Populist nomination and signed the Populist
platform.
The letter is a singular evidence of the Judge's
mental and moral peculiarities. He says: "I take
pleasure in advising you that I have accepted the
platform adopted by the convention, and herewith
return the same signed as requested by your com
mittee."
Of course this means that he accepts and adopts
the principles of the Populist platform as his princi
ples. He accepts State communism, a limitless issue
of irredeemable paper currency and all the fads and
fancies that are the warp and woof of that platform.
Having squared himself with the communists and
the advocates of "a more and a fittener currency," the
Judge continues: "I am pleased to state that upon a
careful reading of your platform and a com
parison of its terms with those of the plat
form adopted by the Democratic party, I find they
substantially agree in all matters relating to the func
tions of the office of Governor, and that they are not
in any respect inconsistent."
The first clause of that sentence is conceived in a
feeling of solicitude for the scruples of old-time
Democrats, who smart under the destruction of their
party in Oregon and Washington and the disappear
ance of its name as a result of fusion. The Judge de
sired to so frame a sentence as to limit the agree
ment of the platforms to the functions of Governor.
But before he finished fear of the wild Populist over
came him and he wrote, "And that they are not in
any respect inconsistent."
His friends may try to conciliate scrupulous Demo
crats by insisting that this clause merely refers to
their agreement as to the functions of the Governor.
But the word "any" shuts out this desirable interpre
tation. If he had used "that" instead of "any" the last
clause of the sentence would have plainly been limited
to the functions of the Governor.
As it stands he finds the Democratic platform to
be expressive of Populist principles, and he is there
fore able to stand on the two as one platform.
This being his judgment, what use is there in keep
ing up the appearance of two parties? If the princi
ples of Populism and Democracy are identical, why
sail in two ships? Why duplicate organizations
and headquarters? Why not accept Maguire's judg
ment and go under one name and one organization?
If the Populist principles of this year's Democratic
platform are to be its principles next year and the
next, why not say so?
If, however, these principles are put on this year
only, as a disguise, as Black Bart used a flour sack
when he desired to rob a stage, the Populists are wise
in remaining on guard and watching the treasure
box.
As his benediction and doxology the Judge says
that he approves the purpose of the fusion, and will
earnestly devote himself to its accomplishment. Now,
as he finds the platforms identical, we must go to
them in search of the purpose to which the Judge so
fervently consecrates himself. Looking over the list.
he will support the constitutional amendment for lo
cal option in taxation by which it is intended to put it
in the power of a majority in any county in the State
to take away the land from its owners without any
compensation. In his discussion with the Duke of
Argyle Henry George declared that the single tax
meant the confiscation of all the land in private
ownership. Confiscation means taking the land with
out compensation. He will, inconsistently with his
single tax ideas, support the income tax demanded
by the Populists. He will support the free coinage
of silver at 16 to I, and also the unlimited issue of
irredeemable paper currency, which would drive both
silver and gold out of circulation under the Gresham
law. He will support Government ownership of all
public utilities, railroads, gas, water, telegraphs, tele
phones, coal, gold and silver mines, and, of course,
under land confiscation, of the land itself. That is to
say, he adopts the cry of the French communist,
"Property is robbery," and proposes that there shall
be no private property at all. As the campaign
progresses the other purposes to which he dedicates
himself by accepting these two platforms will be dis
cussed.
WHILE the attention of the people gene
rally has been directed to the events
of the war with Spain, the far-sighted
leaders of our commerce and industry have
not overlooked the need of preparing for a suit
able exhibit of our products at the coming exposition
in Paris. There has not been much public talk of the
work in this direction, but nevertheless a great deal
of work appears to have been accomplished.
According to the latest reports more than 600 ap
plications from Americans have been made for space
at the exposition. The fear once prevalent in Paris
that the United States might not make a full display
hat now been changed to a fear that the exposition
authorities will not be able to grant the room needed
for the exhibit we propose to make. It is said that
in order to meet as far as possible the demand that
has been made upon him Commissioner Peck is to
ask from the French officials 500.000 square feet of
space instead of the 150,000 originally set aside for
American exhibits.
The zeal displayed thus early in the work of prepar
ing for the exposition is another evidence of the
energy and enterprise of our merchants and manu
facturers. The war, so far from weakening our in
dustrial and commercial impulses, has stimulated
them. The value and the variety of our exports of
manufactured goods have been long increasing, and
by the great nations of the earth we are now felt as
the most potent of competitors in all lines of in
dustry.
This has been the inevitable outcome of our rapid
development in manufacturing arts. With an expand
ing output of products there is a need for an expand
ing market. Commerce must keep pace with pro
ductive industry, or industry will cease to be profit
able. It is therefore a matter of great importance to
us to make at Paris an exhibit of goods which will
win the favor of consumers in all parts of the globe.
It is certain the great mass of people who visit
Paris during the exposition will pay more attention
to the American exhibit than has been given to our
exhibits at any previous display of the kind. We oc
cupy a larger place in the commercial and industrial
world than ever before, and the war has given us
more prestige in the domain of international politics.
Our displays will no longer be overlooked at a uni
versal exposition by any class of people.
In the Eastern States these things are understood,
and the people of that section are preparing for the
coming competition with the world at Paris. Cali
fornia should be equally alert.
Theorizing against forest fires will be found, useful
as it is. less effective than sending a few specimen
arsonists to jail.
"Our flag now waves proudly over Hawaii" re
marks an evening paper. Well, at least it waves.
MAGUIRE ACCEPTS.
PREPARING FOR PARIS.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
J. W. Evans of Phoenix, Arizona, is at
the Occidental.
O. Lipplncott of New Haven, Connec
ticut, is staying at the Palace.
Mrs. J. H. Flicklnger and daughter of
San Jose are guests at the California.
Isaac Rambo, a prominent stock raiser
of Red Bluff, Is registered at the Russ.
J. H. Harmes and wife of Sacramento
are among the guests at the California.
Otto Grumsky, City Treasurer of Stock
ton, is at the Grand, accompanied by his
wife.
George A. Smith, a Portland vlneyard
ist. and Marion J. Biggs Jr., an Oroville
capitalist, are at the Grand.
William H. Devlin, the well and favor
ably known attorney of Sacramento, is
making the Lick his headquarters.
S. Migliavacca, who Is largely engaged
in the wine industry at Napa, is at the
California with the Misses Migliavacca.
J. M. Braly, a fruit grower of Fresno,
and W. F. Simpson and wife, also of
Fresno, are registered at the Lick.
R. G. Crichton of England, who is mak
ing an extended visit to this country with
his wife and child, has taken apartments
at the Occidental.
Dr. G. L. Simmons, one of Sacramento's
leading physicians, and president of the
Medical University of that city, is at the
Palace with his wife.
He was a young
lad from the
country who had
left the parental
roof to seek his
fortune In the
city. He spent
the first few days
THOUGHT HE
HAD REACHED
HEAVEN.
In looking for work, and after nearly
losing his eyesight In the effort, he final
ly heard by chance that a boy was
wanted to tend the office of the Weather
Bureau, which Is situated on the top floor
of the Mills building, to which place he
repaired forthwith. The youngster was
in blissful ignorance of the swift run
ning elevators in the building which
would have whisked him up to his des
tination in less than a Jiffy, and armed
with his directions and In eager haste
be bravely started to walk up the ten
flights of stairs. He felt no fatigue un
til after he had climbed the sixth flight
and his movements of necessity became
somewhat slower. At the eighth his
courage commenced to fail him and he
was on the point of turning back, but
visions of that three-dollar-a-week posi
tion flashed through his mind and he
stuck to his task like a little man. When
he had passed the ninth flight he was
obliged to sit down from sheer exhaus
tion, but the short rest having strength
ened him he went up the tenth and last
flight in a hop, step and a jump. After
locating the rooms of the weather offi
cials, he opened the door and putting in
his head, he said in plaintive accents to
Prophet Hammon, who was busy fixing
up the weather for the next day, "Say,
Mister, is God in?"
Needless to state the youngster was
engaged on the spot.
Among the arrivals at the Occidental
are R. W. Skinner of Marysville, L. N.
Breed, a Los Angeles capitalist, and J.
R. Lewis and wife, of San Jose.
Thomas Clark, a mine owner of Placer
ville, S. E. Holden, a tanner of Napa,
and Warren Sexton, an attorney of Oro
vllle, are a few of the arrivals at the
Grand.
A. Kamp, a Fresno merchant, Z. T.
George, a. Los Angeles commission mer
chant, and Thomas Reilly, advance agent
for Modjeska, are among the arrivals at
the Baldwin.
Rev. John Roach and Rev. T. Dlxon of
Red Bluff, two Catholic clergymen who
came up from Menlo Park, where they
have been visiting the new Theological
Seminary, are at the Baldwin.
C. H. Platt, general superintendent, and
F. H. Crane, manager of the parlor and
sleeping car department of the New
York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad,
with headquarters at New York, are reg
istered at the Palace with their Tami
lleu.
George E. McLean, president of the
Nebraska State University, Is registered
at the Palace and is accompanied by his
wife. He intends to visit all the Institu
tions of learning on the coast and yester
day was a guest of President Jordan of
the Stanford University at Palo Alto.
LOVE'S DREAM WRECKED.
They were swinging In a hammock.
He and she;
Gentle winds were sweetly blowing
O'er the lea.
He was strong and brave and handsome.
She was sweet.
And he kept the hammock going
With his feet.
Would you know the tale he told her.
As they swung?
Ah, It was the sweet, old story —
They were young.
E'en the leaves. It seemed, were bending
Down to hear
Those fair words that he was pouring
In her ear.
E'en the birds and gentle breeies
Seemed to stay,
Charmed by what that gallant lover
Had to say.
Unto her It seemed a lovely-
Waking dream.
But, at length, she left the hammock
With a scream.
In a trice her airy castle
Was a wreck —
She had found a caterpillar
On her neck.
— Chicago News.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NOT IN THE CALLr-F. L.. W., Byron.
Cal. The article In regard to a new light
was not published In The Call.
CUSTOM HOUSE INSPECTORS— B.,
City. Under the new rules Custom House
inspectors stand eight-hour watches.
THE CHIEF tfLEßK— Subscriber, City.
The chief clerk who accompanied Colonel
I. Moore when he left this coast for the
East was J. J. Bliss.
DIVIDEND-J. € City. No time has
yet been fixed for the declaration of an
other dividend by the California Savings
and Loan Society, in liquidation.
A NEW YORK ADDRESS— A. O. S.,
City. A letter addressed to the lady
named, in care of the publication with
which she is connected, will reach her.
BUSINESS LICENSE— A. O. S.. City.
If you should advertise that you are en
gaged In business In the city of Oakland
and that the goods you offer for sale are
to be had at a certain place In that city
you would have to pay a license.
TO VISIT ALCATRAZ ISLAND— F. 8.,
Oakland. Cal. Persons desiring to visit
Alcatraz Island must make application
for a permit at United States army head
quarters, in the Phelan building, San
Francisco.
JECKYLL AND HYDE— T.SSt. t City.
Lewis Morrison played "Dr. Jeckyll and
Mr. Hyde." He played the version ar
ranged by Eddie Stevens, appearing first
in it at Portland, Or., and Fred Belasco
was in the cast. He appeared in the
same piece in this State.
A SIXPENCE— F. 8.. City. An Eng
lish sixpence of 1836 or 1837 of the reign
of William IV, while in a measure rare,
is not one for which dealers offer a pre
mium. They offer to sell such at prices
varying from 35 to 60 cents, according to
state of preservation.
CORNS— T. M.. City. If you are
troubled with corns in the manner de
scribed the best remedy Is to wear a
large enough shoe so as to relieve the
pressure. An unusual pressure on some
portion of the foot is what produces
corns. If the relief sought is not ob
tained consult a chiropodist.
THE FIRST INFANTRY— E. Q., St.
Helena, Cal. There Is no Information In
this city as to whether the First United
States Infantry has left Santiago de Cuba.
Nor Is there any certainty that that regi
ment will be ordered back to this coast
or to the Presidio of San Francisco. That
is a matter that the War Department will
determine when it comes to distributing
the regulars.
A LONG WALK— May 8., City. A
person who walked from Jones and
Chestnut streets, along Jones to Bush,
to Fillmore, to Fell, .along Fell to Golden
Gate Park, out the Park along the main
drive to the Cliff and back over the
drive down Fell street to Van Ness ave
nue, to Broadway, to Hyde to Chestnut,
to the place of" starting, walked 76,800
feet, or within 2SO feet of sixteen miles.
CONTRACT ON A HOLIDAY— H. P.,
City. The law of California declares that
Sunday is a legal holiday. It has been
held that a contract made on Sunday is
not void unless completed on that day.
Therefore, merely signing the paper con
taining the terms does not vitiate the
contract. Until the paper is delivered the
parties have a locus pententlae. This
rule is laid down In Moore vs. Clymer.
12th Mo.; Roberts vs. Moore, 107 th Illinois
and Twentieth American Law Register.
AMERICAN REGIMENT OR CREW—
Constant Reader. City. To answer the
question. "Have we a regiment 62 soldiers
composed entirely of American born or a
battle-ship's crew all American born?"
would require an examination of the mus
ter roll of each company in each regiment
of the United States army, regular and
volunteer; the same with the navy's mus
ter roll of each battle-ship: and as this
department has neither the time nor the
opportunity to make such an examination,
the answer cannot be furnished.
TECHNICAL DESIGN— H. H. M.. San
Jose, Cai. The California School of Me
chanical Arts in San Francisco has a
course of technical design, but it is re
tricted at the school for lack of facilities
for executing designs for oil cloths, fab
rics, stained glass, wall paper, mural dec
orations, etc., but this defect is corrected
as far as possible by frequent visits to
factories and by inquiry among manufac
turers. The school has means for execut
ing designs in wood, clay, terra cptta and
iron, so the fundamental law of design is
deduced from the work done in these ma
terials.
THE NORTHERN LIGHT-Since the
publication on August 18 that no informa
tion had been received of the Northern
Light since her departure last May for
Kotzebue Sound. F. D. Mlze, postmaster
at Cholame. advises this department that
on the day of the publication of the an
swer there was received at Cholame a
letter from M. Lattin. announcing the
safe arrival of the vessel In the Sound,
and adding that all on board were well,
also that the vessel was in the Sound, five
miles off shore waiting for boats to be
made ready to go up the river.
THE NAVAL ACADEMY— S. S., Mon
terey, Cal. Those who have a desire to
enter the Naval Academy at Annapolis do
not make application to the academy
direct. Appointments are made upon the
recommendation of the representative of
the Congressional district in which the
candidate for naval honors resides. One
anxious to go there should file his appli
cation with the representative of his dis
trict or the Secretary of the Navy, who
will transmit it to the proper representa
tive, or it may be filed with the President
of the United States, who has the naming
of ten candidates at large.
RATIONS TO SOLDIERS— J. I. 8.,
City. The following are the dally rations
In the United States army:
Garrison ration with usual proportion of
freeh and salt meats and vegetables: Meat or
canned ualmon 16 oz, pork or bacon 12 oz or
fresh beef 1 lb 4 oz, flour 1 lb 2 oz, dry beans
2 2-5 oz, rice in lieu of beans 1 3-5 oz. potatoes
12 4-5 oz. onions 3 1-5 oz, green coffee 1 3-5 oz,
sugar 2 2-5 oz, vinegar 8-25 gill, candles 6-25 oz.
soap 16-25 oz, salt 16-25 oz, pepper (black)
1-25 oz.
Field ration— Bacon 12 oz, hard bread 1 lb,
beans 2 2-25 oz, potatoes 1 lb, roasted coffee
1 7-25 oz. sugar, vinegar, candles, soap, sail
and pepper same as above.
Travel ration— Hard bread 1 lb, corned beef
12 oz, baked beans 1-3 lb, roasted coffee 1 7-25
oz, sugar 2 2-5 oz.
Emergency ration — Hard bread 16 os, bacon
10 oz, i>ea meal 4 oz. c. >ffee (roasted and ground)
2 oz, sacharin 4 grains, salt .64 oz, black pep
per .04 oz, plug tobacco H oz.
THE STANDARD THEATER— W. R.
M., Los Angeles. Cal. The Standard The
ater, as the Standard, closed April 10,
1886, with a farewell performance Riven
by Reed's minstrels. It was reopened on
the 29th of May of the same year as
Haverly's Theater, and performances
were given until the 15th of June. On
the 30th of August of that year It was re
opened as Emerson's Standard, and re
mained open as such until the 13th of
November, when Woods ' and Ryan's
minstrel troupe gave a variety show, con
cluding with "Nana, or the Blonde Ve
nus." It was announced that the "Robes
Rouge" were to' be given on ilon.iay, tha
loth of November, but the dally papers
do not give any notice of the perform
ance, and there appears no advertisement
of the place after the 13th. After that
there were a few performances given In
the place, but It would require a month's
search through the files of the papers
to ascertain what those performances
were.
MUCH IN LITTLE.
A curious fact has been noted by the
Arctic travelers — snow when at a very
low temperature absorbs moisture and
dries garments.
Copenhagen's Round Tower, built In
the eleventh century and 150 feet high.
Is to be moved bodily a distance of 150
feet to widen a business street.
The most wonderful astronomical pho
tograph in the world Is that which has
recently been prepared by London. Ber
lin and Parisian astronomers. It shows
at least 68,000,000 stars.
It is reported that a Stockholm com
pany working the phosphorous ores of
the Gellivara mines, in Sweden, has also
adopted a magnetic ore separating sys
tem similar to that devised by Mr. Edi
son for treating low grade ores in this
country.
The interior of a gold bearing rock was
inspected in an Oregon town by means
of the Roentgen rays, and veins of au
riferous metal were as plainly visible as
if they were on the surface.
Russia has fewer newspapers in pro
portion to its inhabitants (only about
nine hundred) than any other European
country. Germany has seven times.
France five times and England four
times as many.
The geologist of Missouri holds that the
material wealth of that State is in diversi
fied soil, innumerable bodies of workable
coal, inexhaustible deposits of lead and
zinc, clay, building stone, lime and ce
ment rock, iron and fine or gloss sand.
MEN AND WOMEN.
Munkacsy, the painter, is still confined
In an asylum at Endenich, but he is re
ported to be improving so rapidly in men
tal condition that it Is hoped he will soon
be able to return to Hungary.
Isaac McLellan, of Greenport, L. 1., who
13 known as "the sportsman poet," cele
brated his ninety-second birthday last
week. In early life he was a schoolmate
of Longfellow and of Whlttier. and he
claims the distinction of being America's
oldest living poet. McLellan is a de
scendant of Isaac Hull.
The new Turkish minister is an intelli
gent-looking official, whose fez and slip
pers go badly enough with a monocle,
which he manages awkwardly. He is
young, say thirty-four, Mohammedan in
faith, and has ene Turkish wife in Con
stantinople. He was educated in Paris,
and has served there and In London.
Helen Varacesco, the Roumanian
woman whose love affair with the crown
prince of that country created such a sen
sation in Europe a few years ago, lives in
Italy, dividing her time between Rome
and Florence. She is not only a poet of
real merit, but is thought one of the best
authorities on old Latin manuscripts.
The Earth's Crust in Motion.
John Milne, late professor of seismol
ogy at the University of ToJcio, tells a
writer in McClure's Magazine that during
an earthquake the earth's crust rises and
falls just as the ocean does. "You see,
the earth's crust is very elastic; it is con
stantly quivering and pulsatory, I might
almost say breathing. The earth fre
quently comes up three Inches right under
us and then goes down three inches. We
do not see or feel it because it moves so
slowly and evenly; fifteen seionds, per
haps, for the lift, and as many more for
the descent. And then the waves are so
long— several miles between two crests—
that everything about us rises and falls
together; half of all London heaves up
and settles down with a single breathing.
These waves do not travel around the
earth— they travel through the earth;
that is one of the most important discov
eries we have made. If they were trans
mitted in the earth's crust around tne
circumference we should get two recoras
for every earthquake — one coming tne
shortest way round, the other coming the
longest way; for, of course, these wave
movements would be propagated in- bom
directions. Waves through the air, for
instance, from volcanic explosions, al
ways come to us both ways around the
earth, the one being recorded after the
other. We never get two records of
earthquakes, we only get one; so we con
clude from this and other reasons that
the transmission is straight through the
earth."
Woman's Belief Corps.
General George G. Meade Corps. TV. R.
C, has adopted resolutions of respect to
the memory of the late Miss Helen Black,
who was recording secretary- of the corps.
These are expressive of the sorrow of the
membership for the great loss it sus
tained by the removal from Its ranks of
one of the most active and patriotic mem
bers. A copy of the resolutions was en
grossed, framed and presented to the
relatives of the deceased lady. She in
herited her feelings of patriotism from
her uncle, at whose home she lived for
many years before her sudden taking off,
and not from her father, as was erron
eously stated at the time her death was
noticed. Her father never took part In.
the war for the Union, but her uncle. C.
L Boell did, fighting on the Union side.
mmm
first lady volunteer in San i * rancisco in
Knights of Pythias.
Last week Fidelity Lodge of . Napa
celebrated Its silver anniversary by an
entertainment and banquet at St. Helena.
H. Schaffner, G. K. of R. and S.. was the
guest of honor at the affair. ... -
On August 10 Live Oak Lodge of
Oakland celebrated its twenty-eighth an
niversary by a reception and addresses.
Among the speakers were Supreme Rep
resentatives A. J. Buckles and H. Scnaff
"Durinf the nd ffw days the Grand
Chancellor visited the lodges at 1 reka.
Dunsmuir, Sissons, Redding, Red. iJlun,
Ch^s a c n hi ff M er, ry a S c^ e g as chancellor com
mander, conferred rank of knight on three
candidates last Monday in California
Lodge. The lodge was paid a fraternal
visit by Golden City Lodge. ;
The Juniors.
James K. Finlay, the brave Callfornian
who distinguished himself at Malate by
taking ammunition to the men In the
trenches and in rescuing Captain Richter
and a wounded private, was the record
ing secretary of U. S. Grant Council No.
19 of the Junior Order of United Ameri
can Mechanics. The members of that
council are so proud of his achievement
that they propose to get up a medal for
him, and send it to him.
During the past three months Lafayette
Council of Watsonville has increased its
membership by one-fourth and Redlands
Council In the same period added twenty
five new members to the roll.
State Councilor M. H. Bellinger recently
visited the council at San Diego and re
mained in that city four days.
Order of Pendo.
Golden Gate Council is showing a'
steady Increase. Ten candidates were in
itiated last Monday night and several
names were proposed. • j ».:»"&«
New councils have been . organized at
Nevada City,' 1 ; Buena Park and - or
walk, in this State, and in 'Solldad." Col.,
Jacksonville, Fla., and : Walla" *"■ Walla.
Wash. A new council Is being organized
at Eureka. Cal. .
Supreme Secretary Duden paid a visit
to Delta Council at Visalla last week. .;
. « ♦ ■ -; '- r~- ..-
Cal. glace fruit 50c. per. Ib at Townsend'a.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
All Aboard !
For Bohemia Grove Sunday, August 2S.
Fare for the round trip only $1. Last
chance this season for visiting this ro
mantic spot in the midst of the redwood 3
of Sonoma County, where the Bohemian
Club holds its annual jinks. Bring your
lunch. A seat on train guaranteed for
each person. Special train lands passen
gers In the grove. Leave Tiburon ferry
at 8 a. m. ; returning leave the grove at
4 p. m. •
Trunks and Valises.
The recent large shipments of trunks,
valises and alligator bags. Mexican
carved leather and seal pocketbooks and
belts make ours the strongest leather
goods line in the city. Mirrors, combs,
brushes and toilet articles in this depart
ment at the lowest possible prices. San
born, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Races at Santa Rosa.
Fare to Santa Rosa and return on Sat
urday. August 27. $2 25. Boat leaves Tib
uron ferry at 7:30 a. m. Special train will
leave Santa Rosa at 7 p. m. same day. •
"I doesn't reckon that yoh's gwlnter git
yoh all's pay fum dat ar' concern." said
the colored" porter. '•Why not? " asked
the collector. "They have some assets.'
•V.s. Bah, dey has some; but dey isn't
equal to dah unreliabilities."—Washing
ton Star.
Northern Pacific Railway.
First-class rate as well as second class re
duced 75 per cent to all points in Montana. Min
nesota and the Eastern States. Elegant serv
ice dining cars on every train. Only line oper
ating through upholstered tourist c»rs. T. K.
STATELER. G. A.. 63S Market St.. S. F.
' First and Sscond
Class rates " again induced via the Santa Fa
route. Call at the new ticket office. Market.
Dr Sle&erfs Angostura Bitters Is a sure cure
of diarrhea, dysentery, ill effects o< hard
water, fevers, etc-
Ethel— So you think that young man
whom you met last night is a divinity
rr t iid?nt an he claimed to be?
Dolly— No. When I told him I should
like to have him meet my father he said,
"All right; where are the gloves?"—
Judge.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;-;|..;
I tgl ISA 4Bk Sm a ms
Baking Powder
Most healthful
leavener in
the world.
Goes farther.
_■■ - • HOVAt BAKING POWDeR CO., HEW YORK.PLATFORM
ON WHICH
THEY STAND
Breathes the Spirit of Lofty
Patriotism in Its Every
Sentence.
Recommends Economy in Government, Pro
motion of Industries and Expansion
: of American Trade.
. To the Republican State Convention
—Gentlemen: Your committee on
platform and resolutions begs leave to
report the following. Respectfully,
' REUBEN H. LLOYD. Chairman.
■ Sacramento, Cat, Aug. 24, 1898.
. The Republican - party of California. In
State convention assembled at Sacramento.
this :3d day of August. MM, as expressive
«■' its views upon the political questions of
the day, and a* a platform upon which all
the candidates of the Republican party in
California shall stand, does hereby respire:
. 1 That we reaffirm our belief in and ad
herence to the statement of the principles
of the Republican party as adopted at the
. national ' convention, held in St. Louis In
.June, 1596 Time has tested the strength •
and proved the truth of the doctrines there
in enunciated, while the country at large
•' ha's u"nder the Influence of their enforcement
"grown in ricbea and happiness.
■ In behalf of ourselves and of the Republi
can party of this State we thank those brave
'sailors and soldiers of the great army and
■ navy ol the republic that have achieved
such" brilliant victories, wnlle marching be
'■ hind ' the star-spangled banner, and who
have made the American flag respected
'and honored In every quarter of the world.
We congratulate the nation upon the fact
that it has produced such leaders upon the
' ocean as Dewey, Sampson, Schley • and
'Hobson and upon the land as Miles,
Shatter, Wheeler and Lawton, who have
written their names upon the scroll of the .
history of the world as leaders excelled by
.none and equaled by few since the begin
ning of time.
Their genius, however, would have been
unavailing but for the valor and steadfast
ness to duty displayed by the sailors who.
-for many long months, were , jnnnned to
•* the narrow limits of their snips in the
heat of the tropics: and the soldiers who
laced death not merely by the bayonet,
' the rifle or the cannon, but by dread dls
• ease in Cuba, and Who have proved that
the American makes the best citizen in
■ peace and the best fighter in war of any
nation upon the civilized globe, and we re
pudiate with indignation the accusation
made by -he Democratic candidate for
Governor of this State at the commence
ment of the late war that the seizure as
prizes of war by the gallant sailors of our
. . navy of certain Spanisn vessels was no
better than piracy.
We rejoice In the deeds of these sailors
and' soldiers, admirals and generals, and
. pledge to them and thetr ramiltes the un- \
dying" gratitude of the American people,
whose-spirits have been exalted by the
spectacle-of the flag of the Union borne in
' triumph around the habitable globe by the
army and navy of the United States.
The victories won by our sailors and
soldiers at .Manila and Santiago, and the
. consequent acquisition of new territory,
" have . increased our national horizon and
imposed new and great duties upon us. To
■: properly care for what we have conquered,
to adequately protect American citizens en
gaged In travel or business abroad, to ap
propriately . guard .our national honor and ...
make our flag the safeguard of all who seek
the shelter of its folds, demands of us a
" navy large enough to compel foreign nations
• whether savage or civilized —to recognize
'the claim of American citizenship wherever
made., • as • entitling the claimant to safety
'.'and protection for his property, his business
. an<l his person.
• We pledge our Senators and Representa
• lives in Congress and our candidates and 1
-.our-party to work and vote to secure the
building of an adequate navy, as recom
mended by the present Republican Secretary,
of.the Navy, and request that a proportion- .
ate. share thereof be constructed on the Pa
cific Coast.
Th» wisdom of the people's choice in I*» 6
has been made more and more apparent as
"time' progresses. The patriotic devotion to
his country which called our candidate. in
that 'campaign, to the ranks of its soldiers
• in the' hour of rebellion., has characterized
his ever}- act 'since inauguration as Presi
dent. He has remembered the claims of
his' friends and his party, but never at the
expense-of the nation. He has protected
the credit and maintained the honor of the
' United States. His firmness prevented the
-mistake of recognizing Cuban belligerency
•and the plunging of the country into war
unprepared: while his untiring activity since
the war was declared has made possible the
glorious -successes we have achieved on land
and on sea. He has proved himself equal
' In-diplomacy to the astute minister! of the
• Old World and has Inaugurated the reign
• of honesty and fair dealing in the diplomacy
. "of the age. Each day adds to his glory and
deepens the satisfaction we have in the
Republican we nominated and elected in
■ 18S6. whore official career since March 4.1857,
' ' is approved by all classes and parties, and
whom all delight to honor as President.
William McKinley.
We congratulate the people of the United
States upon the fact that the broad Ameri
can policy of our President. William McKln
ley. has dissipated all sectional issues. His
policy both as to the leaders and the rank
■and "file, and In all matters pertaining to
•'..■ late war has been of the broadest and
most patriotic character, so that side by
«ide for a common flag and a common cause
• have marched and fought the son of our
. jepartP'l hero and patriot. U. S. Grant.
• Fitzhugh Lee, Shafter and Joe Wheeler,
and ■ the boys who wore the blue and the
'boys'who wore the gray. All under the old
flag and for patriotic love of country, so
that to-day we are In truth and In fact, In
' peace-and in war, one united people.
We /eaffirm our belief In the financial
RUSSELL J. WATERS, Congressional Nom
inee of the Sixth District.
plank of the Republican national platform
of 1886 as being a sound and correct ex
position of the views of the Republican
party upon the finances of the country.
We commend the efforts of the national ad
ministration to secure an International
monetary agreement and urge that the at
tempts be renewed whenever an opportu
nity to do so shall be presented.
' We call attention to the fact that since
the return of the Republican party Into
power, the balance of trade has changed
in i:. more than $<00.000,000 against the
United Stales to about $550,000.000 In our
favor, and all of this Is due to the wise
and conservative financial policy adopted
and her- 1 to by the Republican Con
gress and President. We commend Presi
dent McKinley for his refusal to consider
any proposition looking to the assumption
of the Spanish-Cuban debt.
The United States in the pursuit ' of its
purpose of freeing the people of Cuba from
Spanish misrule has taken possession of
that 1.-land and also of Porto Rico and
other West India islands and of the Phil
ippines. The Kepublican party of Cali
fornia is in h?arty sympathy with the de
clared policy of the President to accord to
the people of Cuba an opportunity to form
a stable government, thus redeeming the
promise made to the world.
The national welfare demands the reten
tion of the island of Porto Rico and other
West India islands coming under our con
trol, and of the Philippines. In order to
permit the expansion of American trade,
and in case of the latter to safeguard the
commerce already secured in the Orient.
In the event of the retention of this for
eign territory it should be the policy of
the United States to extend to it the bene
fit of free commercial Intercourse with all
sections of the American Union and to
that end the provision of the constitution
requiring "that all duties, imposts and ex
cises shall ■' be uniform throughout the
United States" should be rigidly enforced.
We pledge th? nominees of the Republican
party In the various Congressional dis
tricts in the State to use their utmost ef
forts. If. elected, to secure the speedy ex
tension of the revenue system of the United
States to the Islands of Porto Rico and the
Philippines, that all parts of our country
may enjoy the benefits or' trade intercourse
with our new acquisitions on the same
terms that now prevail throughout the en
tire Union.
All legislative candidetesof the Republican
party are hereby pledged to choose a United
States Senator who. In dealing with the
question of the retention of the Philippines
and Porto Rico, will devote* their energies
to retaining, in its integrity, the protective
policy of the United states.
We rejoice in the acquisition of Hawaii
and Porto Rico, and favor the retention by
our country of every foot of soil that has
been conquered by the victorious hosts of
our great republic.
We condemn the action of the Democratic
Senator of this State and the present Demo
cratic nominee for Governor, then in Con
gress, Cor opposing the annexation of Ha
waii and wholly falling to represent the In
terests or wishes of the people of this State
in that regard. '
We approve of the conduct of the Repub
lican Senator, George |C. Perkins/ and . our
Representatives in Congress from California,
J. A. Barham, E. F. Loud and S. G. Hil
born. They have ever - labored for the ad
vantage of our State and have secured wise
legislation for Its Interest.
The necessities of war and the demands of
peace Ike call upon the American people
to unite the Atlantic to the Pacific by the
construction of a canal across the Isthmus
Of Nicaragua. It should be immediately
commenced and vigorously prosecuted, so
that in the near future the commerce of the
world may seek the Pacific Slope and the
Atlantic coast through a canal constructed
and maintained by the United States, with
the American flag, spreading its protecting
folds over Its entire length; we pledge our
every exertion to secure this result and hope
the Pacific Coast built warship, the Ore
gon, that made so gallant a sail around
Cape Horn, may .be the first to bring the
good news through this great artery of
trade.
The last Congress having unanimously
rissed a law providing for the collection of
the indebtedness due from the Central and
Western Pacific Railroads to the Govern
ment, the Republican party favors the en
forcement thereof and unless such law and
all the provisions thereof be promptly ac
cepted and compiled with, by such speci
fied, railroad companies, that the law be
strictly enforced and the Hen on said roads
and properties be foreclosed and said roads
and mortgaged property be sold according
to law, and that all funds that now or
hereafter are realized from either or both
Of the said Pacific Railroads or from the
collection of their debt to the Government,
whether voluntarily or by foreclosure, be
applied to the construction of the Nicaragua
canal.
We pledge our candidates for Railroad
Commissioners to reduce wherever practi
cable and needed the rates of freights and
fares now charged by the transportation
companies of the Stat». having, in bo doing,
a just regard for the wasres of their em
ployes and . the rights of the people.
The Republican party commends the ap
propriation for and congratulates the peo
ple on th» proj^cfd improvement of San
Pedro harbor. It commends its Represen
tatives, who have aided In accomplishing
the work already done and pledges them
to the fullest, support of all measures de
signed to Improve our rivers and harbors.
NOW, as ever, the Republican pnrtv Is the
champion of the wnere earner of the nation:
since its organization It has ever been ac
tive to benefit his condition and promote
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAI/L, THURSDAY, 'AUGUST 25, 1898.
his welfare. It has, by its tariff legisla
tion, furnished him remunerative employ
ment, and by its homestead laws given him
frt-e DOOMS. It now declares that the man
must be protected«as well as the product of
his labors.
Wherefore, we demand that the immigra
tion laws be amended so as to absolutely
prohibit the filling of the marts oi labor in
America with laborers from foreign kinds.
We demand the enactment of such legis
lation regarding Hawaii/ Porto Rico and
such other territory as may be acnulred by
the United States as will protect American
workmen against contract Chinese, Japan
ese or other contract labor found therein
and will prevent any further influx or ex
tension thereof
We also demand that Congress pass an
exclusion act prohibiting further Japan
ese and coolie Immigration, and that such
exclusion act shall prohibit both the Japan
ese and Chinese now located In the_ Ha
waiian Islands from entering the I nited
States.
Economy in the expenditures of t! -ev
enues of the individual or t-e State is ab
solutely necessary to the happiness of the
man and the security of the community.
The Republican party now, as ever, be
lieves In a rigid economy In all depart
ments of the government, city, county and
State. We pledge all our candidates to an
economical administration of public affairs,
to the end that taxation may be reduced
to the smallest rate commensurate with
the needs of the public welfare.
We oppose the doctrine of the ' 'single
tax." of which the Democratic nomine- for
Governor lf> the apostle, as being socialis
tic and anarchistic, and the practical work
ings of which will be to release fctocks,
bonds, corporations and usurers from tax
ation and place all Its burdens on the
farmers and owners of homesteads.
We approve of the war revenue recently
P«««>-d by Congress as being In line with
the above sentiments, as It compels the
luxuries and the corporations and aggre-
S.-it?Tl wealth of the nation to pay a greater
yet not Improper share of the taxation made
necessary by the war than any revenue
measure heretofore adopted. Its provis
ions for the issuance of bonds wisely ex
tended the payment of the expenses of
the war to include the generation who will
receive greater benefit from Its results
than the present, while it enables the peo
ple of America to show their patriotic
faith in the country by purchasing the
amount of the bonds" required, a striking
contrast In financial and uttitesrranllke
policy to the selling of bonds to a greedy
syndicate by the last Democratic national
administration.
This is a law-abiding country and we are
n law-abiding people. Under our system
of government there Is no '.anger of any
one of its departments assuming power to
the detriment of the others or the injury of
the nation. Thp voters have always a rem
edy for the. Ills that they think afflict them
by n change of officials in the manner pro
vided by the organic law of the land. We
deprecate the attempt by the Democratle-
Poj,uMstlc-Fusi<~n party of California to
stir hatred of the Judiciary and contempt
J. B. LANKTREE, Who Was Lukewarm in
the Pardee Fight.
of the law as calculated. if not designed, to
sap the foundations of our republic and
bring anarchy upon our country. Those
who abuse the , laws and Judges thereof
are usually those who need the restraint
and have felt the deserved punishment of
th* law There Is no document so wicked
Is that which seeks to override the courts
because of fancied errors and no man no
criminal as he who enunciates such doc
trine in our country the law must- ever
be the ruler or socialism, anarchy and their
attendant horrors will destroy the common
wealth We appeal to all good citizens
Tnd to all true Americans to rebuke this
Snholy assault upon the courts that have
ever boen in America the bulwark of the
Re and the chield of the Innocent. of
The veterans of the army and navy of
the United States deserve and should re
ce've fair treatment and generous r.H-^cni
tfo'n Whenever practicable they should be
given the preference in the matter of em
gS SS&SffIS s a u n cn W
E«mU al o7^ P ,e^ B rad cce c gtSS
ture to w£k to the end f that the act of the
legislature approved March 31. .1831. reia
ut! to the employment of Union veterans
may be made more effective and binding
Sr^n the various State and county, officials.
common schools have ever been
Jealously guarded and generously supported
iv the Republican party. The publication
of school books by the State reduces , th
expose of furnishing them to the mini
mum cost of manufacture, thus saving
lan£ sums to parents and proving a.valu
able aid in the general . diffusion of knowl
edge while It Increases the attendance In
he schools. We condemn the efforts of the
present Governor to destroy the ability of
?he State to economically produce • school
boSks -in certain to again deliver the people
of California into the hands of an Eastern
school-book monopoly, whose exaction will
be allOthe more oppressive because of our
exemption therefrom for the s past six years.
We™ enounce the action of the present-Gov
ernor in vetoing the appropriation for the
Import of the State Printing Office as un
wi-e unnecessary, contrary to . the spirit
of the law and Injurious to th- interests of
the State. Its Inevitable result has been to
crinDlc our splendid State school-book sys-
SS P ond the common schools themselves.
We pledge ourselves to, pass such laws as
will prevent such action In the future will
Jra ntnln the common schools of California
at th" r present high standard, continue
The print in I of school books -by the State
and impossible, put Into the hand of
"vVrv child In California free of cost the
books from which the learning may be
gained to fit the youth of our great Plate to
a"sSme the burden of citizenship with all
"^h"" Unl^rslO' 'o" California has in 'the
cast been the recipient of the care, of the
Hepubllran party, under whos<» liberal sup
nort it his been enabled to^ reach its pres
ent hi eh standard. We pledge ourselves to
crntlnue that support : and: to 'make the
university worthy In -very respect ; of the
most enthusiastic . hopes of , the people. It
fitly crowns the educational . system of our
S The mining Industry, ranking^ as , It does
among the foremost Industries of our State
Is entitled to the fostering . care of both
our State and National : governments, and
we ■ congratulate the miners of California
that legislation Inaugurated by a Republi
can - Governor and carried .; to completion
by a Republican Legislature and a Republi
can Congress, placed ■ their : industry where
it rightfully belongs.; and surrounded It. with
such legislative safeguards ;as has restored
confidence among those engaged In the min
ing Industry and caused .1 large and re pid
increase In the yield of the mineral pro
ducts of California. ■;'-. -, „ ■■*»■'•'•■■■
■ We pledge our legislative and Congres
sional nominees vto , continue , the work xso
happily begun under- Republican > auspices
until all needful .legislation In behalf of the
mining Industry shall have been ;; accom
plished. -.- ■-.-. :-.-.-. ,";. -.-. ■■;: ;..•, - ■^.■i;
:■ We favor the : creation of a 1a 1 National Exe
cutlve Department of Mines and Mining,
with a secretary at its head who shall be
a member of the President's Cabinet, and
we hereby pledge our Congressional nomi
nees to the use of all honorable means in
their power for the creation of such a de
partment. , , , 
We look forward with pardonable pride
to the early construction, already assured,
of the restraining barriers for which a
half million of dollars has been appro
priated by our State and National govern
'"•The' mineral lands of California should
be preserved for occupation and develop
ment by the miner, and we pledge our nom
inees for Congress to labor for such na
tional legislation as will fully accomplish
The navigable highways of California,
forming as they do an effective means of
regulating the rates of transportation
throughout a large portion of our State,
are entitled to such leplslative and ( on
gresslonal aid as will insure their proper
improvement and protection, and in this
connection we denounce the action of the
p-esent Democratic Governor In prevent
ing the dredging and other contemplated
improvement of our navigable rivers, atter
an appropriation had been made therefor
by a Republican Legislature.
The present year has demonstrated again
the necessity for a complete system of ir
rigation which shall enable the land owner
to use !n dry and rainless summers, the
water that is so plentiful in the winters and
by Its means secure fruitful crops from
what Is now worse than wasted soil. The
redemption of the many millions of acres
of the present arid lands of America Is a
task that should engage the Immediate and
constant attention of the authorities, both
State and Federal, for Its success will add
promptly and immeasurably to our taxable
wealth and population.
The conserving of the flood waters of
winter will require the investment ot many
millions of dollars, which, if invested by
private capital, would subject the settler
and land owner to imposition and extortion.
Wo therefore, pledge our representatives
in Congress to the policy of the location
and construction of a system of storage
recervoln by the General Government.
The interests of the miner, farmer and
lumberman are involved In the preservation
and reproduction of our forests. We pledge
our representatives to the enactment Rnd
energetic enforcement of such laws as will
protect and preserve our forests, as one of
our great natural resources.
The tree 1» the mother of the fountain.
and the widespread destruction of our for
est? by fir* threaten! to diminish the sup
ply of water for mining and irrigation and
to" entirely destroy the lumber industry of
thp State "at a time when the demand for
lumber abroad promises great prosperity to
that trade.
The Republican party of California is
pledged to such legislation as will thor
oughly protect the dairy Interests and the
nubile from impositions in the sale of dairy
products, and the nominees of the party will
carefully and thoroughly enforce this pledge.
The necessities of the people and the re
quirements of trade alike demand ,good
roads in every part of the State.. We luvor
the pas-sage of such laws as will, througn
a ■ proper and Judicious system, tsecure to
California the Highways and roads needed
for the pleasure and business of the commu
nity, graded and maintained in such a
manner as to be In good order at all sea
sons of the year anil ready at all times for
the traveler, trader or carrier.
The adulteration' of food is a crime
against the present and future welfare of
the whole people. It has no excuse for its
commission and its perpetrators should be
punished and the practice forever pre
vented. ' .
We demand the vigorous enforcement of
the laws already passed against this infa
mous traffic and the passage and stringent
enforcement of mob other measures as are
needed to give ■■ the officials full power to
eradicate this blot upon civilization and
properly punish those engaged in this ne
farious business.
We believe that a Judicious appropriation
should be inaugurated and maintained
whereby the State and District Fairs shall
be properly aided and thus awaken a new
Interest in agricultural, horticultural and
stock-breeding pursuits. ...•.-■
The Republican party has ever been the
fearless champion of the downtrodden and
oppressed and has always stood sponsor for
the maintenance of fair wages under Just
conditions, therefore we place our party, our
candidates and ourselves unreservedly on
record as favoring legislation beneficial to
the Industrial classes of this State, and we
favor and recommend the use of the Allied
Printing Trade label on all political print- .
Ing as a guarantee that said work was exe
cuted by competent craftsmen , under fair ,
C> The free labor and the Industries of Cali
fornia are constantly suffering from the
evil of convict labor, and large quantities
of goods, the product of prison labor In
other States, are being Imported and sold In
This unjust and most vicious competition
can only be met by judicious legislation on
the part of our State and national repre
sentatives. ■iv»i'''.n»*» '■''«
The Republican party of. the. State of
California, In State convention assembled,
hereby declares Itself unalterably opposed
to convict labor being. brought Into competi
tion with free labor, and hereby pledges
Itself in support of . any measure designed
to protect and foster free labor and the in
dustries of our -State against ;■■ the evil
effects of convict labor. .
And we are in favor of the passage of
such laws an will cause • such r convicts to
be employed upon the- public highways of
this State, thereby. withdrawing them from
competition with free labor In all branches
of Industries. ~ ■ v ■' m , •• ■-■■• "■. ...
We favor the passage of a law .by f the
Congress of the United States confining the
sale of goods, . wares and merchandise manu
factured by 'convict • labor - : to , the State ■or
Territory In- which they are: produced. --
Where -municipal * charters - have - been
i adopted •by the -: vote of ■ the citizens :of
municipalities, - under i constitutional provis
ions, *we • request : our Legislative ; candidates
• to " vote, "to : approve the same In the I^egis-.
•The' purity- of elections. is the salvation
of the country M All parties willingly ; ,«üb
mlt to an election - fairly ; conducted and j in ;
•which,' the ballots have b?en ■ honestly
counted : ; no other : election ; should ;. be r tol-"
crated or permitted. The foundation of nil
selections ■ of j officials ' is - the ; primary of : a
political party: such primaries , should be as
honestly conducted as > general ? elections. No :
: partisan ''' Is : bound by the ' decision ; of •a ■ dis
honest \ primary. -We therefore '• declare ooutr t
selves unreservedly In favor of a lawiregu
latlnß i the ; primary elections of ? all political
parties. - to • the :. end :>: > that ' the '•■ same ; protec
tion may be extended by th« Australian sys
; tern to primary elections : now: extended to
general '" elections under : the Keneral ; elec- ;
tion law. ,-■'/-.■.•■'•'%%. "j";h- ;: ':- ■■■ v.-.- : "--'..r:'.; .:•" ." ;
"We heartily, Indorse the work of the State
Leatrue • of • Republican ' Clubs | and | recognize
the great Importance of club organization.
ALAMEDA
WAVERED
It Weakened Pardee's
Fight by Not Stand
ing Fin.
A Reckoning Awaited in Sev
eral Camps Before Har
mony Is Restored.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, OAK
LAND, Aug. 24.— Resolved. That
George C. Pardee be constituted a
committee of one to trade the
68 votes of the Alameda County
Convention as he sees fit, provid
ing that he does not infringe on
any special privileges granted the
delegates from Alameda City.
The foregoing resolution, passed at the
caucus held In Sacramento Monday
night by the Alameda delegation, Is said
to need some explanation, and there is j
no doubt that It will be demanded before
the county convention which meets Sep
tember 19.
Some of the returning delegates declare
that Alameda County was disparaged in
the eyes of the rest of the delegates by
the claim that her own delegation was
not unanimous, and that Lou Brown
could count on nearly a dozen votes from
this county. . The report sent out to all
the newspapers of the State that the nine
delegates from the city of Alameda were
not for Pardee and did not wear his
badges is calculated to have done as
much harm to the Alameda man's cause
as though they had bolted the Alameda
delegation in the convention. To this
alleged position of Alameda City's dele«
gates is largely attributed the defeat of
l>r. Pardee.
Ten days ago a letter was received
in this city by a politician from Lou
Brown. Mr. Brown referred to his
chances of winning the nomination and
informed his correspondent that any
ticket on which tile name of J. B. Lank
tree appeared or in which Lanktree
was especially interested might be sup
ported by his (Brown's) friends with con
fidence. This letter was shown to many
responsible people and created mucti
comment. bince the manner in which
the Alameda City delegation, of which Joe
Lanktree Is a member, acted at Sacra
mento has become known, the subject
has been revived with considerable in
terest, and when Joe comes back he will
no doubt tell all he knows about it.
There was some suspicion that the letter
was a forgery, but it has been vouched
mr to-day as being genuine.
Dr. Pardee's stanchcst friends declare
that it was thoroughly understood before
the primaries that the "unpledged" ticket
In Alameda City was solid tor him, and on
that acount. anil relying upon that assur
ance, his regular ticket was withdrawn.
It appears that there was some misunder
standing, for which also an explanation
will no doubt be demanded.
All sorts of stories have been circulated i
in Oakland during the past twenty-four I
hours regarding the purposes and plans •
of the Alameda City delegation. It is
more than probable that many of them ■
were started by Oakland candidates for
county otTiees who a.re interested in in
juring the chances of Alameda's two an
nounced candidates— Jim Barber for Tax
Collector and Oscar Kogers for Sheriff.
However this may be, there will have to
be a reckoning between certain camps if
harmony is to prevail. There are many
ready to defend Joe_ Lanktree and E. K.
! Taylor, who were supposed to have led j
their delegation, and the point is made
that Taylor, who is a candidate for State
Senator, would hardly be likely to take :
a stand opposed to the unanimous wish ;
of Alameda County, which if taken must \
have jeopardized his political future. I
These are some of the matters that will
be threshed out before the end of the
: week.
Some of Lanktree's friends declare that
: the Alameda City delegation was a unit
I with the county all the time and i
! that the stories of in>armony were
circulated by interested parties, who |
thought that in the Alameda in
cident they BftW a straw to grasp at
which might be used to injure the entire
county. This element of speculation will
also enter into the general reckoning.
IRISH PAIR EVENTS.
Firemen Will Have the Right of
Way To-Night.
One of the new features at the Irish
Fair last evening was a voting: contest
| on the map of Ireland, in charge of Miss
i Nellie Sullivan ;uul Miss Josie Malloy, for
| the most popular county in the Emerald
| Isle. The sod of the county receiving the
! most votes will be placed in a stone re
ceptacle in Golden Gate Park, in a con
spicuous location, and planted with
shamrocks.
Another attraction is the voting on the
candidates for Governor. The Young
Men's Republican Club will soon attend
li a body and swell the vote for their can
didate. At the pretty booth presided over
by Mrs. Ellen Frost packages of genuine
Irish dillisk from Oalway Hay are having
I a big sale. In the Irish restaurant, in
I charge of Mrs. Tuitt. old-fashioned Dub
lin stows are served in true Irish style.
In the theater, under the direction of
Mrs. Melville Snyder. the bill last evening
consisted of scenes from "The Honey
moon" and "The Merchant of Venice,"
with several recitations and the "Legend
ol the Blarney Stone." arranged by J. A.
Haran, who played the chief. Miss Lil
i Uan Forsythe. with the dance of the Irish
| fairies, in charge of Mrs. Dreyfus, met
with hearty applause.
The art collection in the theater in
cludes many pictures by celebrated art
ists. These paintings have been loaned,
and came from some of the most refined
and wealthy people in this city. Last
evening the famous painting of "The Mur
i phy Party at Dormer Lake," by Andrew
I P Hill, was added to the collection, and
attracted a great deal of attention.
This evening the firemen will be present
in force. It is "Firemen's night," and is
I the first special attraction of the fair.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— . . "^
HELPS/ Jsa!L \^
WHERE/ \INTOX-
VTKVRZ/ fi&MhEZMm. \ JCAKT
over-worked business men. pro-
fessional men. and all others sub-
ject to great mental and physical
wear and tear, should always use v
'i this never-tailing vitality restorer, i
Stands alone in its vivifying, nutrl-
fy ing and force-producing powers.
■ Contains . highest ; percentage of -
Malt nutriment. ;
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
mllwaukee.u&a.
; Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
■. Dealers, 416-4 IS Sacramento Street^
San Francisco. ■■'_
ADVERTISEMENTS. __ _____
beddin(Tbargains
We have some blankets and comforters that are slightly soiled,
but perhaps you would never notice it if it were not mentioned.
We will close them out as follows:
White blankets made in the East;. Full-size comforters, extra heavy, pure
strong and heavy, size 1?-i ; regular price white cotton fillings, satin covered, silko-
s3.so. Closing-out price line lining ; regular price $2.00. Now .
$2.50 a pair $1.50 each.
California wool blankets, size I>£ ; reg- Full-size comforters, silkoline covered '
ular $6.00 blankets. Price now • and lined, downeline filling; ■ regular
4JJ • tZ.t\ prices $2.50 and $3.00. Now
s>^»Ov a pair. _ o « A
, • , , {j)Z.UU each.
Extra heavy California wool blankets, ;.<;,, -
size \H ; formerly sold for $8.50. Price
during this sale TJiese goods on sale at\ ' m^
$6.50 a pair. (Market-street store only, \
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS FROHMAN, ■'
 107-109 Post Street. . 1220-1222-1224 Market Street. ■
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
This "Week Only— Matinee Saturday.
- — —CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
MR. HENRY MILLER
In the Romantic Comedy,
HEARTSEASE.
Next Week— Henry Miller In "The Master."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
ELEVENTH WEEK OF THE
.\FRAWLEY COMPANY.*.
And First Time Here of W. H. Crane's Comedy
"ON PROBATION I"
A Delightful Play— Effectively Cast.
Next Monday— "THE RAJAH."
MOEOSOO'S GRAND
Waltkk Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOC.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
■ WEEK OF AUGUST 22, 1898.
Initial Production of the Sensational Scenic
Melodrama,
ORDHAL OF
TWO SISTERS!
By Dr D T. Callahan. Author of "The Legion
of Honor," and Louis A. Imhaus.
Fulton Ferry, with the Great Brooklyn Bridge,
Boat* and Ferries Crossing the River.
Central Park by Moonlight! ■ . Fire Scene!
Great Double Fire Scene!
team Fire Engine. Drawn by Two Horses'.
GREATEST SHOW IN THE CITY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS 0F:..: '
MME. TAVART. World-Famous Prlma Donna.
SEE THE GREAT HEGELMANNS.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
LILLIAN BURKHART AND COMPANY. IN
- "THE SALT-CELLAR."
TEN GREAT SPECIALTIES.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, Me; Opera Chairs
and Box: Seats, 50c. /
MATINEES WEDNESDAY, SATURDAY AND
• ''• '"•'•'•■•'■' SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine • Krellng, Proprietor and Manager.
Ay-THE GRAND. OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT and every evening this week ex-
cept Sunday. Special Saturday Matinee.
Ponchielli's Romantic Grand Opera.
"LA GIOCONDA!"
SUNDAY EVENING, by Universal Desire.
NEXT WEEK— Wednesday. Friday
and Saturday. "MIGNON." Tuesday. Thurs-
day and Sunday Evenings, Special Saturday
Matinee. "PAGLIACCI" AND "RUSTI-
CAN A "
Popular Prices, 25c and 50c. N. B. — A re-
served seat for the matinee. 25c. Telephone
Bush 9. ■- . . ' ■ ■ -■'
AT CAZAR THEATER.
PROFESSIONAL MATINEE TO-DAY.
.., --—LAST WEEK OF- —
LEU/IS MORRISON.
THE MERCHANTOF VENICE
A GREAT BIG SUCCESS..
• Next week— The New : Alcazar Stock Com-
pany in "THE BUTTERFLIES."
, SEATS NOW ON SALE.
QP CALIFORNIA RESOURCES
EXCURSION RATES ON RAILROADS
nriUTPALP- T0 exhibit
lJUfll IArLiTO ATTEND
awinFAßitK, BB * Brs Pff* I*'1 *'
-- -SECRETARY." rRES.
CHUTES AND ZOO. ;
A MATINEE ; EVERY DAY.
VISIT THE CAMERA OBSCUR A!
LAROEST "-' AND MOST PERFECT EVER
• BUILT. '~^"**lfim|iirßlillffaittH'
GREAT SHOW IN THE FREE THEATER.
CANNON. THE 613 POUNDER, STILL BOOMS
SEE SULTANA * AND HER 3 ? BABY • LIONS
AND ANt-ALLIGATOR IN THE ZOO!
10c. Including Zoo and Theater; Children. sc.
■ SUTROJBATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
'■ -'.; Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p.. m. . ■. ■
ADMISSION lO*'^?Zz%&£ CHILDREN 3c
: i.. .i.in*.; wilh admtXKi'-m. »c: MuMna, Wo. :
M VUDI A Eddy, ■' cor. ; Mason— Last .week of
l lllr 1A THE great ROYAL i tokio
ACROBATIC ' WONDERS.; Jugglers ' and Acro-
bats; KELLY & VIOLET: DARRELL & MIL-
LER, ROCKWELL, .: ROYCE SISTERS and
other*. Admission free. - Matinee Sunday. '
i WeeKly CaH,sl.so per Year
AMUSEMENTS. ■"
VETERAN AND EXEMPT FIREMEN'S
ASSOCIATIONS' DAY
TO-DAY AT THE .
Great Irish Fair
TVH-CHAINICS' PAVILION.
Doors open 2 to 5:30, 7 to 10:30 p. m.
This afternoon Ladies' Souvenir Presentation,
SPECIAL NOTICE. ."^T
Every lady purchasing a ticket at the box "
office will receive' a beautiful piece of Tile,
iesignerl for the Irish Fair Special. . "
The Veteran and Exempt Firemen with bands
sf music and their engines will be present to-
night. •
Bennett's Band concert afternoon and night.
Excursions this Thursday, August 25, from
Tracy, Lathrop and Vlealia. Bakers Held and
Intermediate points. Stockton excursions also.
To-morrow — Grocers, Commercial Trav-
elers and Olympic Club night. Grand pro-,
gramme.
Saturday U. S. Volunteer day.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT.
A. O. H. day August 31.
Don't miss standing on the old sod on the
map of Ireland and ride on the Irish Jaunting
car. Probably the only opportunity you . will
have In many years to see this art exhibition
in the Art Gallery and Theater, open after-
noons and nights. Mrs. Melville Snyder. direc-
tor of the stage this week. Admission 2.'c
Children 10c.
STATEMENT
O7 THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF THE
CQNNECTIGUTFIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
Of Hartford, in the State of
Connecticut,
ON THE 31ST DAT OF DECEMBER, A. D.
1597, and for the year ending on that day,
at; made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
State of California, pursuant to the provision* .
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com- .
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash $1,000,000 00
ASSETS. • :'
Real estate owned by company $209,325 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages .. 1,090,669 00
Cash market value of all stocks and ■ ■
• ooncis owned by company. .' 1,965,756 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge M
of bonds, stocks and other market- .
able securities as collateral 2,000 00
Cash in company's office 645 04
Cash' in banks .;.... -.... 127,660 69
Premiums in due course of collec- .
tion .........•.•-••"-.-'•.-.•.•••.'••-•"•.•- 161,155 70
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 2.125 75
Total assets $3,569,327 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid...... $31,607 26
Losers in process of adjustment or •
in 5u5pen5e............ 92,750 83
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 16,221 81
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less, $1,105,475 SI; re-
insurance. 50 per cent... 552,737 91
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year, $1,705,793 54; re-
insurance pro rata . 851.951 72
Total liabilities $1,575.309 53
■-';." INCOME.
Net cash, actually received for fire
-premiums ..'. •-••• $1,674,232 61.
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages ' ...-' ........... 50,510 41
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from . ;
all other eources -90,043 41
Total income $1,814,791
Cf * •"; "i EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses -(In-
cluding > $117,543 SB, losses of pre-
vious years)..:... — .... $802, ,5$ 03
Dividends to 5t0ckh01der5............. 100.000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or •
brokerage ;....:.....;.... 305.790 43
Paid : for- salaries, fees • and ' other „!. .i,
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 134. 78
Paid for State, national and local
taxes . ............. .. 41.99130
All other payments and expenditures 125,539 57
Total expenditures : $1.510. 13
■ ' • .Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year...... $801. 78
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. ,
N tln a 3 l u°rlng O th cIe IS ye S a^: $155,122,989 $1,913,533 »%
145.440.893 1.855.379 73
N^gg^.'&g.-5: J Mil.*. 35
. - .-;■-■■■ ~ J. D. BROWNE. President.
CHARLES • R. V BT;RT, ' Secretary. -
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 19th.'
day of January. 1898. • : •
JOHN H. THACHER, Notary Public.
BENJAMIN J.SMITH,
Manager Pacific Department.
COLIN M. BOVD;
/Agent, for San Francisco,
411 CALIFORNIA ST. .
MAKE PERFECT MEN
, DO XOT DESPAIR ! UonolSaf-
ft-r Longer! The Jots and ambitious- or
A«S**««la lif» can be restored to you. The very
E*f few worst c»f>M of Xei-Tou* Debility are
SDO MOT DESPAIR ! Do Ml dif-
fer Longer! The Joys and ambition-- oi
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of XtrTOili Debility *ro
absolutely cured by PESFF.CTO
»vS% TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
l£ff \'^«Kb I sorunla. falling memory and the waste ;
«™\S|Tjml'«Ticlflrnln nf -vital powers, incurred by
'^VJ^LS3' indiscretions or excesses of earij year*.
.y, ,- Impart vigor and potency to every func- : ■
tion 'Brace np the system. Give >«n^ 'bloom to the
i cheeks and lustre to the eyes of^*T\.roun>c or old. j
I one 50c box renews vital energ-y.fW 1.1J6 boxes »t
»3. 50 a complete guaranteed cure WtTttW or money r ,°;
funded. Can be carried In vest ■«*■»' pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper receipt ,? 1 '
pr'c« by THE PKUFECTO CO.. ; Castm BlUf., Chicago, 111, -
t Sold by Owl Drug Co., San Fran, and Oakland.
tHEEEBffiI
Oppression, Snfiocatlon; Neuralgia, etc?, enred by 'A
ESPIC'S CSGHRETTES.or POWDER
Part*, J. ESPIC ; New York. E. FOUQERA * CO. r
-^ - -rriSOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS r ~
78
CONVENTION DELLGATES
AT THEIR CAUCUS
Continued from Fifth Page.
pecially to a man who has taken so lit
tie part In State politics as I have, here
beneath the dome that closes above us. ,
with the spotless white, the fervent red
and the blue of our flag, the stars and the i
eagles looking down upon us, to ask for ,
a place upon the State ticket. The eyes i
of the nation and the world are at this
moment upon us. We have just drawn
With the clasped hand of the North and
the South from the sword hilt, that sword
which was sheathed when the civil war I
came to a triumphal close. i
We have drawn that sword on behalf or
an-, oppressed race, and now it has been
returned to its scabbard. In that war we !
planted our eagles upon the heights of ;
. Santiago and unfurled our flag over the |
waters of Manila Bay. Our influence and
jurisdiction followed the sun in its west- j
■ward course till it stopped on the western
shores of the Philippines.
Out of that war have come issues vast '
and momei.tous, not only to this State
and our nation, but to universal man. I
But these issues depend to a great ex- |
tent as to their decision upon the action i
of California to-day, and the election :
which is to follow. That great states- ]
tnan whom General Barnes placed side
by side with Lincoln and Grant in the i
Pantheon of our national heroes, has left I
it to the enlightened public opinion of !
to ..decide what course shall be i
taken and how those issues shall be de- [
Cided. We must elect our ticket in this
campaign in order to have an influence j
in directing that national p^lcy and de- ;
elding the course which shall be pur- |
sued, and in taking the place which I
California may make in directing the j
public -opinion of America and the world. I
Along the western shore of the Pacific,
with her thousand miles of seacoast,
washed by those emerald waters, and
s<>as with commerce stretching from Ha- •
waii, the Ladrones and Philippines to the ;
Orient, a mighty conflict for the trade
and commerce of the world is to take
place in the coming century. The great j
struggle which is to be upon the Pacific j
will either give us a place as one |
of the worlds powers, or will rel
egate *is -to third place. With those
issues presented we must place before ]
the people of California a ticket that
can be elected, and one of the things nee- i
essary for us to do is to recognize every .
portion of this State. I am here from j
a county situated 500 miles north of your
county, which has given to this State
the standard bearer under whose leader
ship victory will be assured, and from
that county that gave McKinley 700 ma- i
jority in 1896.
' I come before you to ask for the sec- ;
ond place upon the ticket. I believe we j
have the man for the place and for the |
hour. If you will give us a place upon |
the ticket we will have a personal Inter- '
est in its success. Of course, we have |
that anyhow, and no matter what the ;
result may be, you will find us with
coats off, sleeves rolled up. doing our best
for the success of the whole ticket. The
man whom I would nominate, like Lin
coln and Garfleld and Grant, sprang from
the humblest ranks of life. By his own
efforts he has gained a place — a warm
place — in the regard ami affections of
those who know him best. An able ora
tor, an able lawyer, a man of great en- '■
ergy, a man who will strongly appeal to j
the" young men of this State, I believe
that "he is the man that you should pre- '
t^ent as the running mate of Henry T. i
Gage of Los Angeles. Gentlemen of the
convention. I appeal to our justice, I ap
peal to your patriotism. 1 appeal to your
nope and desire for success in the great
battle which now awaits us, and I ap
ical In the name of that duty which we
owe as Californians, and the Republican |
party of California, a part of the great
Republican party of the nation, to show !
the whole people that California is capa- ,
•ble of rising to the grand opportunity ;
that awaits her. Give us our delegate
and California will nobly respond. I ask
you to nominate Thomas H. Selvage far
the second place on your ticket. (Ap
plause and cheers.)
R. H. Lloyd— Mr. Chairman and gentle- j
men of the convention: I have heard the j
praises sung of Native Sons placed in |
nomination; I have heard the praises i
sung of candidates from different locali- ]
ties In this State. I have no N«ative Son
to put in nomination here, but I have ]
a gentleman who was here before any
Native Suns arrived (laughter), or before !
any of them were expected (laughter), j
I have a gentleman whose name is hon- '
ored by every true American Native Son j
in California." 1 will not sing his praises, j
it i? not necessary. His fame and his
reputation belong to the State. If you
want his biography, read the history of
your State. If you want a man against
whom not one thing can be said, a man ;
who loved his fellow men. a man who j
would sooner do right than anything on :
earth, who respects the rights of every- !
Imdy. who is able, intelligent and has the j
ability and honesty to perform every duty j
which will fall upon him in this position,
I give you the name of a man who be- i
longfl to no part of this State, but who '
belongs to the entire State— Jacob Hart
Neff. (Applause).
Mr. George A. Knight — Gentle
men of the Convention, I owe to you
as a Republican sitting in this con
vention to at least tell you the truth.
(Laughter.) I was never in a Repub
lican convention in my life that I
did not tell the truth — when I can
not tell the truth I will keep still. ;
(Voices — Good boy, George.)
We have nominated Henry T. Gage
for Governor of this State, a clean
cut lawyer; a man who can make
a campaign of this State with
honor to himself and honor to the
party; a man that we need not be
f.3hamed of; a man who is able to ,
take care of himself, and he does not
need any assistance. Now, as far as
!L-enry T. Gage is concerned, that is
enough. We want a Lieutenant Gov- !
ernor to preside over the delibera
tions of the Senate; a man who is up
in parliamentary rule 3, who is clean- ;
cut and quick in his decisions; a man ;
who is next to the Governor of this
State; a man of whom also we ought
not be ashamea and that is the kind
of a man I am going to give you,
and it is Frank McGowan. (Voices —
Good, good.)
Nnw I want to talk right down the row
of the San Francisco delegation some
good common sense. I know how you
•feel. lam one of you, and when I can
not talk, I do not say anything. I want
you to vote right. No harm is going to
oome of this— and, gentlemen, I am go
ing to talk right from the shoulder, too.
The gentleman who has just been put in
nomination, Hon. Jacob Neff, has been
crowned with all the glories that man
needs in this world; a man who sits now
in the eventide of his life, witb more
honor than any Republican that I know
of in this State. There is not a man
that dare question the integrity of Jacob
Neff, or his life long work, in the inter
f-MH of the Republican party. And this
convention, as men, should do him the
honor and say to him, "Rest from your
labors, well done, good and faithful ser
vant." (Applause.) You cannot heap
honor upon Jacob Neff by giving him
the onerous dunes that are involved upon
the presiding officer of the State Senate.
Let me tell you fellow Republicans and
members of this convention, that the
time has come now; this us the time
when you ought to pick up the papers
that were printed this morning and read
the names of those who are to be on
your State ticket. A voice, "Good boy."
I am a programmer. There never was
a straighter programmer than I am, but
when I tell you I cannot do that thing, I
tell you I won't, and my forefoot Is stuck
in the mud and you cannot budge me
on the proposition.
Vote for Frank McGowan and when
you go to your homes you will not have
made any mistake. Four years ago I
stood in this convention and told you
that Judge de Haven would bring votes
to your ticket and down the line, the
center line of the San Francisco delega
tion, In their hearts, knew he was a
tower of strength. But they did not
have the gray matter at the roots of
their hair, or something that grows up
the backbone to air their judgment.
Now get right in on this. This man is
a good presiding officer. He has been in
the State Senate; he can make a campaign
equally as good as Henry T. Gage, and he
will be by his side. He is one of the best
orators in this State. His superior is not
in the State to-day, and it will help the
ticket. With all the honor and the glory
for ever and ever to my friend Mr. Neff,
I do this in kindness to relieve him of the
arduous duties of an office and confer a
favor upon the Republican party of this
Siate by putting in nomination a young i
man, full of energy and full of experience, i
who is looking to the rising sun of a better
! age in political life. He will do the party
I more good than any man that has been
I bominated for the position, in my opinion,
I to-day. Vote for Frank McGowan, and
you won't make a mistake. (Voices: j
"McGowan! McGowan!") „ j
Mr. McGowan of San Francisco— Mr.
Chairman and fellow-Republicans of this
! State Convention, this is an auspicious
year for Republicanism. We are blessed
: at this time with the grandest President
! since the days of Lincoln. Our army and
navy have won and excited the admira
tion of the world, which we are about to
face as a new nation. We are making
i rapid strides in material, moral and po
1 litical progress, and these conditions are
I the result of the sterling Republicanism
of the age in which we live. The great
thoughts that are moving to action the
men of this nation of ours are the senti
j ment and thoughts of the Republican
! party. It is eminently fit and proper that
i California, the land of peace and plenty;
California, abounding in the blessings ot
freedom; California, whose loyal sons are
now consecrating an imperishable Ameri
canism on the soil of the Philippines,
should be in the vanguard of this great
Republican march of great patriotic
ideas.
I promise you, my fellow-Republicans,
if you honor me with this nomination
that I will carry the banner of the He-
Ilican party from one end of this State
he other. If elected. I will endeavor
lischarge the duties of that office to
best of my ability. I assure you if I
Honored as a Republican in the full j
iciousness that I will see the light as
gives me the right to see it. that
harging the duties of that office I
do it according to the law, and will
not bend my knee to corporate influences,
nor I will be tne jumping-jack of any
devil-inspired political boss in the State
of California. (Applause.)
Colonel Eddy— Mr. Chairman and gen
tlemen of the convention: I desire to say
to you that under no other cir
cumstances than those that have
happened here within me last
five minutes would I evtr as
sume to come before you to speak in be
half of any candidate for this office. I
wish you to distinctly understand that it
was riot intended that I should say one
word in behalf of any gentleman for this
high office, but I wish to say that under !
no circumstances will I sit as a delegate !
in the body of this convention and allow
any man— whether he be George A. j
Knight or anybody else— to hurl insinua- ;
tions at me, simply because I happen to i
be a delegate from San Francisco, that
I had subscribed to any programme in the
world. (Applause.)
I wish to say that the insinuation is ab
solutely false and baseless, so far as I !
am concerned, and I believe this moment
that there is not a gentleman who is as
sociated with me who has been pro- j
grammed upon this question of the can
dlflacy for Lieutenant Governor or any
other' office. (Voices, "Sit down, sit
down.") Just one word: I am not here
to speak disparagingly of any candidate; :
far be it from me to do so. I expect to ;
work for any man who Is nominated
upon this ticket, whether it be the Hon.
Mr. McGowan or any other man. I am
not here for that purpose. I am here to ;
say that I will do whatever I can for any
man who is nominated, but I do say, and
I say now, that I believe that since these
words have been spoken the strong
est mao we can nominate is the Hon.
Jacob Neff.
Mr. Preston of San Mateo — Mr.
Chairman and Gentlemen ol the Con
vention: I do not propose to take up .
your time with a lengthy speech, but
in the interest of the Republican
party, in the interest of the success
of the ticket composed of men who do
not tear down, but men who are
builders in the land, men whose in
tentions are yours, men who are iden
tified with you, men who believe in
the welfare and glory of California,
I bow in humble reverence to the
Hon. Jacob Neff in the interest of
California and in the interests of the
Republican party.
The secretary proceeded to call the roll, ;
and before the roll call was completed,
on motion of Mr. Knight, the nomination
of Jacob Neff for Lieutenant Governor
was made unanimous.
Chair— Gentlemen of the convention, I
introduce to you Hon. Jacob Neff.
Mr. Neff — Gentlemen of the Con
vention: It is hardly to be expected
that at this time, after crying my
self hoarse to make myself heard ,
over this vast body, I should make
an address. Gentlemen, in the few
words that I have to say, I hope
that you will bear with me. In the
first instance, I wish to say that this
honor has come to me without being
sought. I did not seek this hojaor,
but through the partiality of my
friends I was brought into this con
test, and I have been successful. I
do not desire to have it understood
that I have the least feeling of re- ;
sentment toward any delegate that
thought Senator McGowan was a bet
ter man for the place. I want to say
that I indorse your platfcnn — every
word and every syllable of it. It
breathes the true spirit of Republi
canism, of which I am a believer. If
I should be successful in the ensuing
campaign and be elected 1 can only
pledge you that so far as my abili
ties go, the duties of president of the
Senate shall be discharged in a sat
isfactory manner. I shall know no
Democrat, no Republican, no Popu
list when it comes to a discharge of
duty. I believe in fairness in poli- '
tics, fairness in business and fair
ness in the every-day affairs of life.
I have been honored, gentlemen, !
and I thank you. With this I retire.
(Applause.)
Ifter several announcements by the
retary the convention adjourned until
'clock.
Evening Session,
he chairman called the convention to
er at 8:20 o'clock. .
The Chairman— The convention will be
in order. Take your seats.
A motion was made and carried that
henceforth nominating speeches be limited
to five minutes.
Mr. Meserve — Mr. Chairman and gentle
men of this Republican convention: It is
my privilege for the first time in the his- |
tory of this convention or of any other
State convention to appear upon the plat
form and place before it the name of a
man whom we want to receive your suf
frages. Los Angeles came here, and came
here for a purpose. Part of that purpose
has been realized in the placing at the
head of your ticket the incomparable j
Henry T. Gage. Now, gentlemen, long be
fore it was thought of placing the name
of Henry T. Gage before you, young men
had thought for years of elevating to the
Supreme bench a man who. though a
young man, has been elevated and hon
ored, and it Is as a young man and a
young member of the bar of that county
that I appear before you in the short
space allowed to tell you something of
that young, able and grea.t Jurist. 1 say
that the young men of to-day have a
right to be proud. The young men of to
day have a right to say something and
ask something at your hands.
General Barnes, my friend General
Barnes, whom I personally love, has told
you in words which none of us could hope
to imitate, the story of the great war
Just closed. He has not told you ail that
appeals to us young men and of that
which he, at" an old man, has not thought.
He and you went through the troubled
times of 1861 to 1865. You have learned
lessons of patriotism in those hell fires.
We have learned them Pimply as tradi
tions at your knees, but to-day the young
men of this nation, Inspired by the
thought that their lives are of value in
its support, a lesson learned in this war,
come here to-day believing that they are
of the same value. It is not the life of
the man whose days were nearly run,
and who simply crowned the efforts that
appeals to you. It is the life of the
young men we bring before you. It is the
death of a Bagley, it is the death of a
young man. It is the life of a Hobson,
of a Flnley that says to the young men
of to-day, you have something in this
You axe the young men who pick up
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 25, 1898.
THE CALL'S SPECIAL CONVENTION SERVICE.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 24.— The arrival of The Call special train each morning is one of the
events of the day to the delegates and to persons interested in the Republican convention. Never in
the history of political gatherings in California has such service been accorded to the people as that
rendered by The Call during the past two weeks.
The news has been given in its entirety by men versed in the arts of politicians. Not only has it
been ably gathered and written, but it has had the added quality of being presented to The Call's
readers in pleasing form. The importance of the forthcoming struggle has warranted all this effort, of
which the flying special train has been the outward and visible sign, on the part of the paper.
The delegates to the convention, the residents of the Capitd City and the other strangers within
its gates are not the only persons who profit by the enterprise of The Call. In the gray of these sum
mer mornings, as the special thunders over the rails at the rate of sixty miles an hour, bundles of
papers are dropped at the various towns along the line, the residents thus learning of the doings of
the outside world as soon as the people of the metropolitan district.
The forecast of the work of the convention has been so accurate and so just as to excite the ad
miration of the men interested in it. They take it as an indication jf the confidence placed in The
Call staff as well as of the clever manner in which they have anticipated the moves upon the political
chessboard. The Call will continue to serve the people in the future as it has in the past, both in the
quality of its news and in the delivery of the completed paper to its readers.
the thread and carry it forward to make
a. success of that which has been laid
before you Gentlemen of this conven
tion the man whom I am going to pre
sent to you to be nominated Is W. H.
CTirk known by the members of the bar
as' "Ally" Clark. His life is a peculiar
one In ISSS he was nominated for bu
perior Judge and he ran ahead of his
ticket. In IS9O he was nominated again,
received the highest vote of the conven
tion and ran ahead of his ticket. In 189b
he was again nominated, receiving the
highest vote in the convention, leading
the Republican ticket in that county by
over 1000 votes, getting the largest vote
ever received by any man in any election
in that county. Gentlemen, on behalf or
the Los Angeles delegation, I present to
you the name of W. H. Clark.
Delegate from Orange— Mr. Chairman,
on behalf of the county of Orange, whlcfc
is contiguous, and for many yea* 3 was
the largest part of the county of Los
Angeles, 1 second the nomination of
Judge Clark. -
Mr. Hutchinson of Napa— Gentlemen of
the Convention: Sometimes in the ex
tnent of the moment in the rivalry
attendant upon a Republican convention,
we delegates do not give that careful
consideration to qualifications and ele
ments of strength of the various candi
dates that may appear before us, and
that applies to every office, and it ap
plies with great force to the gentlemen
who are asking for the nomination for
Associate Justice of the Supreme bench
at your hands.
It behooves us to note that the gentle
men who are placed as candidates upon
this ticket for that high and honorable
office that they shall have not only the
qualification for that high office, but that
they should also bring elements of
strength to the ticket upon whlcn they
may be placed. I have the honor to
place before this convention a gentleman
who has education, who has natural abil
ity, who has experience upon the Supe
rior bench of this State, whose record
as a citizen and a soldier make him emi
nently fit to grace the Supreme bench
of this State, and whose name will bring
thousands of votes to the Republican
party, it' placed upon it. That man is
the Hon. A. J. Buckles of Solano County.
(.Applause.)
We, the young men of this convention,
have within the last year heard the sound
of the bugle and the beating ofc the drum
that have summoned the army and navy
of this country to a great conflict, and
within a few months we have seen the
Atlantic squadron, with her Brooklyn and
her Oregon, come back in safety. With
a loss of less than a thousand men in
battle we have seen the leaders of our
forces humble Spain and set the people of
* country to studying the geography
c nation to tell where the state ends
>egins. But the time was, gentlemen
le convention, and, many of you on
this floor will remember those brave men
who laid down their lives to battle and
■r to honor that old flag, for when the
was fired at Fort Sumter it black
thirteen of the stars on that flag of
and it opened a chasm in this coun
try out of which was pouring the lives of
thousands of brave men.
When that time came in history Judge
Buckles, then a lad of 15 years of age, In
the State of Indiana, heard the first call
for volunteers, and he with others
marched up to Washington under that
first call. As they marched they kept
step to the chorus, "A\ c are coming*
Father Abraham, three hundred thousand
strong." (Applause.)
In the battle of Bull Run he was in the
Nineteenth Regiment and in that battle
he was wounded. He was taken to the
hospital and after some time recovered.
Then at the battle of Gettysburg, the
Nineteenth Indiana at that time consti
tuted one of the regiments which formed
the band of noble men in the army of
the Potomac, known as the "Iron Bri
gade." At the battle forces were pouring
through the Union line, the colors of the
Nineteenth Indiana were taken from the
regiment and Buckles saw them and, fac
ing the storming shot and shell, rescued
them and brought them back to the Union
line. When he came back, he had a bul
let through his shoulder. xFor that act
upon the battlefield, he was made the
standard bearer of his regiment, and
when he was carrying the same flag in
the battle of the Wilderness, he was again
wounded on the field of action. In 1865,
when commanding a skirmish regiment,
he was again wounded, this time resulting
in the loss of his leg. That is the record
of the soldier. (Cries of "Time.") I beg
your indulgences for one moment. He
then came to this country. After having
been admitted to the bar, he was elected
district attorney of Solano County twice.
He was then elected Superior Judge of
that county and the second time he came
up fur re-election, the Democrats indorsed
him to a man. They did not have a man
whom they said would be nominated
against him. That is a part of his record
as a judge of that county: for eighteen
years he has sat upon the Superior Bench
■Jolano County and out of forty appeals
en but six have been reversed. That
ils record as a judge. (Applause.)
entlemen of the convention: Sixteen
thousand old soldiers are valtlng to see
what recognition we will give them upon
this State ticket. I venture to say that
there is not one man within the con
fines of this State who can be named that
will aid tne strength and power of this
Siato ticket more than the name of A.
J. Buckles of Solano. Recognize this old
soldier and put him on the ticket.
General Sullivan— Mr. Chairman and
gentlemen of the convention: Fortu
nately, it is not necessary-, after the elo
quent remarks of the speaker who has
Just preceded me, to say much. But since
I have had the. honor to fight side by
side with Judge Buckles on the battle
field of Gettysburg, I cannot remain in
my sent and let his name go before this
convention without indorsing It. and add
a few words to those so eloquently ut
tered by the gentleman who spoke before
me. The 20.000 old soldiers of the war of
the Union ask you to place upon this
ticket the name of A. J. Buckles. (Ap
' They are the principles of a great or
ganization which is not a political one. I
said on a former occasion, and I repeat It
•it this time, that that organization is
composed of old soldiers and is one in
which we have no politics and no Dem
ocrats (laughter), therefore they are en
! titled to your consideration. We hope
' that you will give place upon your ticket
! to one of the first representatives of that
organization, the former department com
: mnnder Judge A. J. Buckles of Solano.
Mr Webb— Mr. Chairman and pentle
• men" of the convention: I apprehend
' that the people of the northern part of
; this State will not be lamented because
! of the rreat number of its citizens whose
names they will find upon the ticket
here being nominated. (Laughter.) Com
intr fn>m the northern portion of the
State representing the county of Plumas,
I I desire to place before you the name o*
a gentleman for the office of Justice of
the Supreme Court of this State. His
name is Stanley A. Smith of Sierra
County. He has an experience of many
rears upon the Superior bench of the
county He served his time as District
Attorney. He is a lawyer and a Judge
of mature years, and a man of strict in
tegrity and a man of -undoubted capae
itv His ear can no n^nre catch the con
fident demands of tho imperialist wealth
than it can the meekly whispered prayer
of ruined poverty. Gentlemen, it is time
that we should "remember loyalty north
of Sacramento, I call your attention to
the fact that unless a candidate for the
Supreme Court be drawn from the north
th«-re will be none representing the north
ern end of the State upon the ticket. We
bespeak at your hands a fair considera
tion of the claims of the north. We sug
gest to you. gentlemen of the south, and
to you. gentlemen of the interior. In the
flush of victories here achieved and con
fident in the victories yet to fall in your
behalf, that you can do well to consider
the northern part of the State, to whom
you will look in November for your ma-
Gentlemen, again, representing the
northern part of the State, speaking for
the mining section, I ask you to consider
the name of the Hon. Stanley A. Smith
uf Sierra County.
Judge Seward of Sierra— ln behalf of
Sierra County and the mining interests, i
take pleasure In seconding the nomina
tion of Hon. Stanley A. Smitii for As
sociate Justice of the Supreme Court. I
heartily indorse what has been said in
his behalf, and we as miners btlieve that
a mining man ought to have a place on
the Supreme bench of the State of Cali
fornia.
C. T. Jones of Sacramento— Mr. Chair
man and gentlemen of the convention:
An able, upright and conscientious judi
ciary la the safeguard of the Republican
party in the State. What more exalted
position, what is more important in the
gift of the people of this btate than As
sociate Justice of the Supreme Court?
They have in their keeping the life, lib
erty, pursuit of happiness, of the un
alienable right of the citizen, the execu
tive and legislative branches of the gov
ernment may become incompetent, may
become corrupt and venal, but if you
have the proper kind of judiciary, and if
we have men of ability there, if you have
men of standing and of purity, the rights
of the people are preserved. In
ing a candidate for Associate Justice of
the Supreme Court, it seems to me that
personal friendship even should be cast
aside. Liocality should not be thought of;
delegates who look for character in a
nominee should look for purity of char
acter and look for legal learning and
should look for peerlessness. In looking
over these characteristics for a nominee
I take pleasure and pride in naming, in
behalf of Sacramento County— aye of the
people of the State— Judge T. B. McFar
land of the present Supreme Court. (Ap
plause and cheers).
Judge McFarland needs no eulogy at my
hands. His life is as an open book. His
record as a Supreme Court Justice is be
fore you. All of you that know him as
a man know that his character is pure,
know that his very name is honesty it
self and know of his ability as a Justice in
the court. As a Republican, my fellow
citizens, no man within the confines of
my voice can say that any man is more
deserving- at the hands of his party.
I call your attention to the tact that
twelve years ago yoii placed him upon
your ticket as a Justice for the office to
which he now aspires at the Los Angeles
convention. At the ensuing election the
head of your ticket was beaten, many of
the candidates were beaten, but Judge
McFarland led your ticket to victory.
(Applause.)
I ask you to place him upon the ticket.
He is deserving of that nomination, and
if nominated he will be elected, and if
elected he will serve you faithfully. I
thank you for your attention.
Judge Van R. Paterson— Mr. Chairman
and gentlemen of the convention: You
are now about to proceed to pronounce
your verdict upon the most Important
duties that you have ben called upon to
perform here — the selection of a Justice
of the Supreme Court of the State of
California. San Francisco has no aspi
rant for that position, but I am proud of
the honor which I have here to-night of
seconding the nomination of that tried,
unimpeachable, true jurist, that honest,
rugged, honorable man, the Hon. Thomas
B. McFarland. (Applauae.) There is no
place in the world when men come to
learn another so quickly nor so well as
in the consultation room of the Supreme
Court. Month after month, year after
year, in the interchange of views in the
search of those principles which are ne
cessary to the proper determination of
those great questions of life, liberty and
propetry which reach multitudinous
forms, every question of mental and
moral strength and weakness of every
member of the court, is necessarily a
question for every other member of the
court. Gentlemen of the convention, it is
from this standpoint, it is from such as
sociation and from such observation that
I have learned to know, and knowing
have come to learn to love, respect and
aumire Judge McFarland. (. -clause.)
He is absolutely true, conscientious —
thoroughly so — magnificently equipped by
nature as well as by training. He is in
the vigor of manhood, mentally and phys
ically, and as true to the Constitution and
the Impartial decision of discretion as a
Judge as the pole to the polar star.
Now, gentlemen of the convention, I
want to say this to you — that when the
founders of this Government divided it
into three departments they plact-d the
judiciary above all the others, with dis
cretionary and supervisorial control over
them, and with this idea— that if there
arose any question of policy, any question
of law, the Judges should be put there
with no pledge save their honor and no
bond save their own integrity; and when
they did that they impliedly said to the
people of this Government, "When you
put a man in that oosition you put him
there for life and far good behavior."
Now, gentlemen, if you want to get good
Judges you must say to them that if
in your judicial career you perform your
functions as judicial officers fairly and
well you will be preferred, and It Is only
upon that theory, gentlemen of this con
vention, that you can get Judges who will
aspire to those positions. Judge McFar
land Is invincible. He is -absolutely fear
leflS. There is no political tempest, there
is no storm of passion that can shake
him. You owe It to yourself, you owe it
to the party, you owe it to the people to
nominate this man who has been so loyal
to the Republican party, who has been
so firm in his convictions and in his de
cisions. Nobody can force him by fear
or by flattery or by cajoling or by whee
dling from the path which his conviction
has blazed out for him. His life is an
open book. All through his life he has fol
lowed this motto, "Round to swear to tho
Ipse dixit of no master. Whither mv con
victions carry me. thither am I borne, and
a willing and welcome guest."
General A. L. Hart— l desire on behalf
of the Thirty-ninth District of the city
and county of San Francisco to second
the nomination of Judge McFarland for
Supreme Judge. (Applause.)
George A. Knight— Mn. Chairman and
gentlemen of the convention: I rise at
this time with not so much enthusiasm
of speech as I had, but with the fervor
that this occasion should inspire. I arise
to ask this convention to nominate Judge
Van Fleet Associate Justice of the Su
preme Court. (Applause and cheers.) I
will tell you why I do so, gentlemen.
Judge Pateraon has just said there has
been a well denned tacit understanding
that all decent, llberty-lovlng American
fitlsens entertain the idea that when you
find a Judge that Is pure; when you have
found that a Judge is able, when you
have found a man that is fearless, that
exercises judicial function without fear
or favor that man should be retained for
the benefit of the people and not for the
benefit of himself.
Our United States District Judges, our
United States Circuit Judges and our
United States Supreme Judges are ap
pointed upon that theory and for that
reason. Now, gentlemen, Judge Van
Fleet Is no stranger to the people of this
State. It Is not my purpose to eulogize,
It is not my purpose to take up the atten
tion of this convention longer than to state
a few facts which I know to be true anp
which you can verify if you wait for fu
ture developments and the action of this
convention, and the election of Judge Van
Fleet at the polls. He is a good lawyer,
he Is a fearless man. He came to Sacra
mento and engaged in the practice of law
with success, was elevated to the Superior
Bench in this city and county and no
Democrat was found to run against him.
He also received tho nomination of both
parties and was overwhelmingly elected,
no one running against him. Tiring of
the irksome duties of the office of Superior
Judge of Sacramento County, he connect
ed himself with one of the best law firms
in San Francisco— Mastick, Belcher &
Mastiok— and there he won distinction at
the San Francisco bar. Judge Paterson,
trrlng of the duties of the offloe of Su
preme Judge, resigned, Judge Van Fleet
was appointed to fill that vacancy. He
then went before the people and was
elected and he is now serving that term.
He comes to you to-night asking for
your support. He comes to you not
<1
craving; he comes to you with no prom
ises. He comes to you as pure as God's
sunlight, clean as a pebble, and as brave
v man as ever sat upon any bench in
the land. (Applause and cheers.) Gen
tlemen, he deals out the law to the pau
per and the King as he finds it. He gives
them a law as it is upon the statute
books, and there has never been any one
to question his integrity. His surround
ings as a man, his aoility as a Judge, and
his footsteps are as a good citizen. 1
ask you to renominate Judge Van Fleet,
and he will do honor to the Republican
party as a Republican, and he will do
honor to the bench in the equal dispen
sation of justice to all classes, religious,
political, and whatever kind. In him
you have a strong friend, a good man
and good Judge, irrespective of party,
an honor to the State and the pride of
the Iriends who know him. I ask you
to nominate him at this time. I thank
you for your attention. (Applause.)
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento — Mr.
Chairman and gentlemen of the conven
tion: The representatives in this conven
tion from Sacramento County with whose
judicial history he was for a number of
years identified in a career distinguished
by consummate ability, could well be ac
cused of unpardonable dereliction of duty
if they did not at this time indorse the
candidacy of the Hon. W. C. Van Fleet
for Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court. (Applause.) Called to the nisi
prius bencn when a young man in this
county It was but a short time when he
was recognized by bench and bar as a
man singularly suited to the performance
of judicial functions. By the profound
learning that he displayed and absolute
fairness and impartiality with which he
presided over cases in that forum and his
career upon the Supreme Bench of this
State, though brief, stands as a monu
ment to his learning, to his erudition and
his integrity. His name, gentlemen of the
convention, will add to the strength of
this ticket, particularly in the northern
part of the State, where he is honored and
revered, and he will continue to do that
sort of thing upon the Supreme Bench
which we expect from a profound jurist.
(Applause.)
Judge Short of Fresno— This is not the
time fellow-Republicans for further
speech-making. Suffice it to say that in
the matter now under consideration by
this convention there is no politics. The
sole question for consideration is ability
and the honor and integrity of the gen
tleman who shall be nominated for the
postion here sought.
As une who has had opportunity of per
sonal knowledge and observation, as a
person who has as much interest as any
man in this State in fairness and hon
esty and ability of the Supreme bench of
this State, realizing that by reason of rhe
short term which he has occupied this
bench he is entitled to an indorsement
and re-election as a matter of right and
as a matter of courtesy. Realizing that
he is a man who inspires friendship, who
Inspires confidence, and who is an honest
friend and an honest man and an able
Judge, 1 second the nomination of Judge
Van Fleet. (Applause.)
Judge J. F. Davis of Amador — Mr.
Chairman and gentlemen of the conven
tion: Make no mistake about it. You
have come to the most important part of
your deliberations. In our complex sys
tem of government by checks and bal
ances the judiciary is the balance wheel.
People may lose faith in their Governors,
may lose faith in their Legislatures, but
if the American people lose faith in their
Judges the end is at hand of the Republi
can institutions.
To the judiciary is the life, the interpre
tation of the fundamental law of your
land, the interpretation of the constitu
tion itself. The maxim that Abraham
Lincoln gave in the middle of the war
is as correct in matters of judicial experi
ence as it is in war — "Don't stop .o swap
horses in the middle of a stream." (Ap
plause and cheers.) When you have found
a good man, tried and true upon the
bench, keep him there. I care not what a
man may have accomplished in other fields
of life, but I appeal in the matter of a fu
dicial nomination to his record as a law
yer and a Judge. I rise at this time from
force of my conviction and all the power
that is in me from my heart and my brain
to say to this convention that one of the
best names that you can place upon your
Judicial ticket Js \V. C. Van Fleet of San
Francisco. (Applause and cheers.; tie
started as a lawyer at the bar i:i this
town. He worked himself to the front at
this baf. His record as a Superior Judge
of Sacramento County for eight years in
this community of Sacramento, where if
anywhere a Judge upon the bench i.s un
der a white light of the calcium — his rec
ord is unstained and unchallenged. .' 11. .
record upon the Suprer"" ■'■• 1 showrf^ie
has in him that attribute t ways de-"
votes in the heart of a lawyiv ftoarfva-"
tion and loyalty of the bar, namely— that
he is fearless, that he is able, that he is
fair and that he is correct in his decision.
That is a touchstone.
The man before whom you go to
try a case, feeling that you have a good
one, and know confidently that if the
law is with you he will be bound to give
it to you, and In brhalf of ability and
in behalf of fairness, in behalf of wide
learning, in behalf of everything that
goes to make a fearless Supreme Judge,
I rise at this time to second the nom
ination of W. C. Van Fleet of San Fran
cisco.
Mr. Matlock of Tehama— Mr. Chairman
and gentlemen of the convention: We
are all Republicans, or at least ought to
be. I desire on behalf of the Republi
cans of Tehama County and of Northern
California to present to you as a candi
date for a place upon the Supreme Bench
Hon. John F. Ellison of Tehama Coun
ty. (Applause.) Judge Ellison has been
a citizen of California for almost a quar
ter of a century, during which time he
has actively, energetically and honestly
discharged the duties incumbent upon
him as an attorney at the bar and as
Judge of the Superior Court of Tehama
County. It is an easy thing to win vic
tories in counties where you are all Re
publican, and when I near gentlemen
from other counties telling what they
have done in order to build up the Re
publican party and give grand victories
to the principles that It advocate?. I am
reminded that a Republican in Tehama
County, or in Shasta County, when he
easft his ballot is as potential as In a
county that gives 5000 majority for the
Republican ticket.
Judge Ellison has been a candidate and
elected twice to thf Superior Bench In Te
hftma County, defeating both times the
strongest men of the opposite party. Ho
is respectfd as a citizen, he is admired
and revered as a lawyer, and an honest
man. That is not a common thing in the
Democratic party, but we have lots of
thorn on our side. Now. gentlemen, let me
call your attention to a few things and
I trust I will not get over the five-minute
rule. It is a fact that two great wars
have come and gone and passed into his
tory. It is a fact that the whole political
appearance of this country since the elec
tion of Abraham Lincoln has changed in
policy, largely, but I tell you it has been
almost a third of n century since a man
in Northern California has had a placo
upon the judicial ticket. Generations of
men have come and gone, and still we are
up there fighting for the principles of the
Republican party and where are your Jus
tices of the Supreme Court from? Three
of them are from Sacramento County.
They don't want anything though. Where
are the balnnce of them from? Good
men, honored men. and all that sort of
thing, but we want sometimes to come In
for a part of this loaf. How long. O Lord,
shall we wait? (Laughter.) Hold ug here
and time will end and eternity commence,
but we will have no interest whatever in
our affairs.
We are entitled as Republicans to have a
place upon this ticket, because we are
true and loyal to the great principles <jf
the party. When I thought of Judge
Buckles being talked of here as bHng in
the great battle of Gettysburg I thought
of myself upon that occasion. I was
there, and I was almost scared to death.
(Laughter.) One of the reasons of that
was that I had too much exposure.
(Laughter.) We have the greatest navy, I
you are told, in the world. ; Spain has tne
greatest' submarine navy in ... the .worm
all under water. (Laughter.) Now, 1 un
dertake to say, gentlemen, that one -Re
publican is no better than another it ne
is an honest, man. 'If he knows the law
he is good for a Judge. (Cries •01
"Time."> ; Time— time will never end.
(Laughter and cheers.) We are entitled to
be recognized upon this ticket. AY c are
orphans of the. Republican: party. m
that matter ■we have a mother, but we
have no ancestors. That is the condition
we are in. So : far ?as I am individually
concerned, I have no desire to have -ana
never have had a judicial office, because 1
never saw a. thing in the world tnat i
would not take sides on. (Applause.) it
is in my nature— always has ueen— be
for the bottom dog regardless of his color,
and 1 insist that we are. entitled to be
recognized upon this ticket. Judge JMij
son is an honest man. That is the hlgn
est compliment that you could pay to any
man. He is a lawyer of ability, and he is
a good Judge. Out of the forty or fifty
cases that have been appealed from his
court in the last eight ■- years only four
have " been reversed in that time; ana
that was the fault of the Supreme Court.
(Applause and laughter.) As for,myseii,
it is just as natural for me to be a tie- j
publican as it is for a toad to hop. I in
sist that we are entitled to be recognized
upon this ticket. (Laughter and cheers.) ;
We are loyal as Republicans. We have
stood up and fought while we have .- a |
common enemy that outnumbers us and
we have got away with him. _ That is
the idea of it. I say to you that a quar
ter of a century— a third of a cen
tury-has passed since we have been
recognized. Judge Sprague of Shasta
was nominated about thirty years ago
and he died a year afterward. (Laugh
ter and applause.) I insist that we ought
to be recognized. (Laughter). ■■ We pre
sent you one of the ablest lawyers of
California for Judge, and an honest man,
and now I tell you in some localities that
is a rare thing. (Laughter.) I, have been
informed by the honorable gentlemen that
mv time is up. I will take an appeal.
(Laughter.) But I want you to remem
ber that we are entitled to be recognized
I say to you that there never was a. thing ;
that came before Judge Ellison or - his
consideration that did not receive atten
tion thorough investigation and a fair
decision, and I Insist that we are entitled
tO A be de r i e e C g°ate 'from San , £?*£<%&
Chairman: I move you that the gentle
man be recognized. \. *«* ♦
Mr. Matlock-I move as a f substitute
that Judge Ellison be recr.emized How
long will you leave us out in the wilder
nesf and cold? Two-big wars have been
fought, and still we are standing out
there, orphans, and have had nothing to
do with it. We have been voting the
ticket and we can show a higher -per cent
of votes cast according to numbers and
fewer losses and no desertions. (Laugnter
* cVarfeTl Garter-Mr. Chairman and
gentlemen of this convention. I . will
take the liberty of recalling the atten
tion of this convention to the fact ] that
the Hon. John F. Ellison has been placed
in nomination as Associate Justice of the
Supreme Court of this State. As an old
friend of Mr. Ellison, as a practitioner
at his bar. a long resident of Teh am a
County, as a present resident of the ad
joining county of Shasta. I am here to
night to add one voice in plea for recog
nition of our part of this State. lam
able to come here and speak from per
sonal knowledge to perhaps many who
are not acquainted with Mr. Ellison, and
I can confirm the opinions already
found in the multitudes of friends whom
he has gathered. around him and testily
before this convention that this man is
an absolutely pure man. He is a learned
man, he Is a Judge in every respect, he
is an affable man, he Is courtesy itself
joined to dignity and the strict observa
tion of the proprieties; he has learning,
resulting from studious habits; a T legal
mind, and he is in every respect a Judge.
We do not claim for him that he is the
bright particular star before whose light
all other luminaries are dim. but we do
say for him that if events should be so
ordered that he should be elevated to the
Supreme bench of this State, he will not
fall below the level of his surroundings,
and he will stand up on a plane of full
equality- with the society into which he
enters. We leave him to your gracious
acceptance, whose triumph shall better
publish his commendation. (Applause
and cheers.)
' Ernest Weyand of Colusa— Mr. Chair
mam On behalf of Colusa County and
the northern part of the State, I will say
that Colusa County desires to second- the
nomination of Judge Ellison. There is
no • more ■ true saying that was uttered ■ by
judge Matlock when; he was . nominating
Judge Ellison: "We are entitled to be
recognized; we are entitled to it and, we
should be recognized by this convention.
I second the nomination of Judge J. F.
Ellison of Tehama. -(Applause.)
. Orestes Orr •• of Ventura— Gentlemen
of the convention: I -rise to place in
nomination for Associate Justice of the
Supreme Court the Hon. Benjamin P.
Williams of Ventura. Judge Williams
has had a long career upon the bench
in our section of the State. His decisions
have uniformly met with the approba
tion of the people with the possible ex
ception of fellows upon the other side.
We in that section of the State should
have something to say upon the matter
of the distribution of the Justices of the
Supreme Court, and I think we are en
titled to be heard upon it, representing
as we do more than a fifth of this con
vention here. We have not had for some
years a single member of the Supreme
bench of the State of California. We who
are attorneys, practicing at the bar down
here feel this to some extent and this is
known by all of you. The . interests of
that section of the State are somewhat
different from other sections'. .The liti
gation that arises there is somewhat dif
ferent from the litigation arising In other
sections, and we do feel, gentlemen.' that j
on behalf of that section of the State we
should *><■ .■••.vuitled- to a place upon the
c . ...-,_- in of the State of Califor
'.■'. -enea Dy . deserving citizen that rep
.. >, ..!>■ >ur section.
"^-JPi/Vv. Williams' career upon the bench i
has been now some fourteen years: He!
has been elected and . re-elected since ? his
first election— without opposition: tn« sec
ond time. The last time his majority was
several hundred larger than that of any
other Republican upon the ticket. He. is
a man of fine personality, of pieasing ap
pearance and address; one who, if he is
ADVERTISEMrNTS.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
® Pl REMARKABLE CURE, ®
® Dr. Sanden Adds Another to Bis List of Wonderful Cures #
0 j-^^^^t -■■ Are you a' woman with a 0
woman's ■ ills, with a woman's a
w jm/i'f^/k^^^Sii^y nerves, with ' her pains and her ® /
® WwfflUM^^^^k^ mental and physical misery? Are ® |
® V you a woman? 'Then. I appeal to 0 £
\?£ :^&s?<LL >»fc^v^' \ There is relief from periodical ~; f|
® i^'^^^^^^^^^m VI backaches, headaches and nerv- ® I
® ■ ; "'- ; ' /.'^tf^^as^^^f ; I^s A ousness. There is health and ®■: i
(5) 2t n' (I &-^'%i't •:'''■■% **1 -11 strength for you in my, simple ®'/
!^ £///£<■ i* <: ■^*S» > ' ■■'*» 11 method. Don't take any mor> «v
® Mftk <o^!tffi''i> »-^ " SM \\ drugs. They only stimulate . for y
® Wfci W&%RiM/fi&'- -WitX \\ a da >*- You "must restore the ®
d) MUtO. T^*ffl\!'/Ktir ■■•'■' ' Wt\ \\ ~ strength and then nature can ®
r/zS&fo ■% <^ Vl^si^- /^Hrt \> cure you - Medicines are good for 0
® tW^L^XA \^^^S^ K^*^'t v V some ' troubles, but they do not /^
® W\U \ \^^PS V restore strength. Electricity does, ; .
~ ■<?N. V i ' *-* "^^S V and the best means of using ;r
o ' "^iV \ \ \i it is my I ® ■
1 ,(Wi\. \ \\ - Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. %
® ; y "^m \V V V V^P; I have found that my now fam- ®
® ' * ) &S\ >v V t f ous Electric Belt is as good for 0
0 r t ' /*.^ women as for men. During the r^,
r> I "^ mmmm^\^i past three . years . hundreds of y.
a ~^\. *<$ W c* *• ■ women have regained the full
® ' v "* \ .^^. \^ £. vigor of healthy womanhood by®
® ••-•■• ''-^r ■;...'■ TSPi » .. its use. ;.. ...■•-.-..■ . ©
© SHE IS A DIFFERENT WOMAN. - (i)
fa' :--:\ . •' : . KLAMATHAN, Cal.. Aug. 23. IS9S. -^
- DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: In answer to your; letter of 'recent date, will say vV2;
®.' that your Belt has done wonders for my wife. You would be surprised if you could ®
V->. see the change.it I has made in her. It has completely : cured, her of Neuralgia and , .
the pains .in the .back i from ■ which she suffered so ; much, .and also of -female- troubles W
0 of years standing which no doctor or 'Patent medicine _ could relieve her of. y Since 0
z[ wearing :' the Belt' she -has . gained between fifteen and twenty pounds and is in better ;-il
® ' health than she has -been; for 'years." She feels and acts like a different woman. We.®
consider the Belt beyond price and -would not "take $1000 > for 'it If we -could not get &
X- another. Yours very truly. ■-■-- ■ ----- ■-■:-■■ '■- ' ■ '- r^ -■ H. S. BEERS. X
0 : ■■:.■■. •• ■ . :.-. - ■.-"-■•-•'• : ■- " ' . ... ■-. ■• . " ■ . r-.'^Z>r -.'^Z>
0 ; It is a grand ■ remedy for all weakness in women. It f will pour a gen- "7)
_ tie, glowing warmth into your nerves, $ soothing . them, : assisting the cir- a
® culation and ; building ,up ' a i vigorous ' action :of - all j the organs. You will V
® feel better 'at - once ; stfid -- health ; will soon <be yours. •; Call and examine' this , ®
0 wonderful Belt at my office free of charge. v Let me explain to , you its ®
wonderful effects. > You can test it free. If not convenient to call send /j>
w for !my book, "Maiden, Wife f and • Mother." ; } It ;is " full 'of information re- •
® lating to woman's weakness, and . < may „ «*ave ;■ you years of misery and ®
0 useless drugging. "Attend to it to-day— ;i not put it off. Call or address ®
®DR AT SANDEN * " >: ®
®: : vn * A * *• OA«l/mi, NOT IN STORES. $&3
0, -.702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Franeiuu. . . ®
X Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. : Sundays. -_ Dr. Sanden' sk Electric f Belt X
® to -1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal., " !s ; never - sold In r drug ; stores ®
O. South Broadway; Portland. Or., 158 Washing : , nor by traveling : agents; only ' (?.
W ton street- Denver. Colo.. 931 1 Sixteenth 3tre«t: t/ at our. office. <- . W .;
® Dallas.; Tex.. 28!".* Main street. - •;. ,* ~v ;. . . -.-.*..... . ■ ...  .... .., ...  rr — ~— -* ;® I
® ®.® ®®® ® ® ® ®'®*® ®®®®®®®®®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® J
BOSS REA'S
POWER HAS
GONE DOWN
Continued front Fourth Page.
in the hands of A. J. Martin, one ot
the cleverest of political managers at
the convention. This combination of
facts resulted in one of the most em
phatic triumphs of the convention f° r
Charles F. Curry.
After the adjournment of the con
vention to-night, there was practically
no effort on the part of candidates to
effect new combinations. The battles
were over this morning and the results
were published exclusively in The Call
this morning. These results were em
bodied in the forecast of the State
ticket, and were based, as already indi
cated, on a careful poll and canvass
of the convention. The accuracy of the
forecast was verified to-day by the
nominations made by the convention.
At this hour, 1:30 o'clock to-night, there
is no reason to amend the remainder of
the ticket, as published this morning:.
To-night the streets are crowded with
enthusiastic Republicans cheering their
nominee for Governor. The delegates
to the convention have one more day
of convention life before them and they
seem determined to inaugurate their
campaign of enthusiasm before they
leave.
placed upon the ticket, will add strength
to it not only in the southern but in any
portion of the State where he may come,
because he has that human Kindness in
his soul that attracts men to him. On
behalf of Ventura County I place the
name of Hon. Benjamin P. Williams be
fore this convention and ask his nomina
tion as Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court. (Applause and cheers.)
EL Seviere of Humboldt— Mr. Chairman
and gentlemen of this convention: Not
withstanding the fact that the delegates
from the citrus belt seem to have for
gotten that Humboldt County is upon the
map of the State of California and seem
to have disregarded one thousand Re
publican majority which she will roll up
for the Republican ticket this fall, I sec
ond the nomination of a Jurist from the
citrus belt for Justice of the Supreme
Court There is not in the minds of the
Anglo-Saxon people a higher veneration
entertained for any American institution
than is entertained for the judiciary.
Tear down, if you will, every bulwark
of our freedom, but never dare trample
or besmirch the judiciary. You will re
member two years ago, in Chicago, the
Democratic convention met and performed
its labors, and but for an unwise criticism
upon the Supreme Court of the United
States the windbag from Nebraska would
have conducted the late war against
Spain. Now, in behalf of Humboldt Coun
ty, desiring a man in whom we can trust
and place the welfare of our widows
and orphans, of our old and in
firm and of God's unfortunate people, in
behalf of Humboldt County— that county
famed for its unbounded forests — I rise to
second the nomination of Judge Williams
of Ventura as proper judicial timber for
Justice of the Supreme Court. (Applause
and cheers.)
H. C. Firebaugh of San Francisco— Mr.
Chairman, as a member of the San Fran
cisco delegation, I rise for the purpose of
seconding the nomination of Hon. J. F.
Ellison for Associate Justice of the Su
preme Court.
The nominations were then closed,
and the secretary was directed to
call the roll. At the conclusion of the roll
call the vote was anounced as follows:
Van Fleet 522, McFarland 475. Buckles 154.
Ellison 86, Williams 164. Smith 27. Clark
140. It was moved and seconded that the
nomination of Judges McFarland and Van
Fleet be made unanimous. Seconded and
carried.
The chairman— The next business in or
der will be the nomination of a candidate
for Secretary of State. Nominations are
now in order.
General A. L.. Hart— Mr. Chairman and
gentlemen of the convention: It was in
timated on this floor to-day that the San
Francisco delegation was upon the slate
If the gentleman who made this state
ment in relation to that delegation will
only recall the history of the last four
years and remomber the occurrence in the
convention of this State and in this hall
four years ago he will become strongly
reminded of the fact that there is at least
one man of that delegation that is not
and never was slated and does not be
long to any association that is not in the
interests of the people. San Francisco has
but one slate. San Francisco during this
convention has asked for nothing. Our
delegates came here and honestly cast
their votes in favor of what they be
lieved to be the best interests of the
party. Our slate is Charles Curry. (Ap
plause and cheers.)
There has been no request — there has
been nothing asked— of this convention
which would* have justified the gentlemen
who are associated with me upon that
delegation in joining in anything. We
have come here in behalf of San Francis
co's favorite son and we ask you gentle
men, without going into a long speech,
describing the war or tearing the flag to
give to San Francisco this nomination.
Our population justifies it and our can
didate is a popular man, known through
out the State as one of the strongest Re
publicans in California. This is all I have
to say and I believe that you will at least
accord to the village something and that
something is all that we ask — Charles
Curry.
Mr. Bowden of Santa Clara — Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of this convention:
Santa Clara County comes into this con
king for the nomination of Paul
ustin as Secretary of State. (Ap
plause and cheers.) Mr. Austin, gentle
ni. n. is upon no man's slate. Mr. Austin
comes here as unpledged us any man can
come 10 any convention of honest men
and honest Republicans. 1 will explain
to you, gentlemen, why it is that the
county of Santa Clara Bhould deserve
some representation upon the State ticket
ai this lime. For twenty-live years, gen
tlemen, the county of Santa Clara has re
ceived nothing at the hands of the Re
publican party of this State. For almost
ji quarter pt a centtiry Santa Clara Coun
ty Mood in the vanguard of Republican
ism in this State. That county to-day,
gentlemen, is rourth in population, ranks
fourth in wealth, among ail the great
communities of this great State of
California. I place population, gentle
men, before wealth, because it is a Re
publican population, and that is the best
and highest kind of population in this or
In any other State. Nnw, just one word
more, gentlemen, in reference to the can
didate that 1 name. You all know him.
Every man in this convention, I think,
knows Paul Austin. He is one of you.
He does not come here purely from the
county of Santa Clara. He is one of the
boya in the whole State, and you of San
Francisco — 1 am talking straight to you
now— you all know him. There is not a
delegate in this convention, gentlemen,
I think, coming from the great city and
county of San Francisco but knows Mr.
Austin. You know what he is. You
know his record. You know that he
comes before you with an untarnished
reputation. You know when he goes In
th«- offic« of Secretary of State— where
he will go— that he will make a splendid
official.
Now something as to his record. In the
county of P.uita Clara where he belongs
at this time — of course, hereafter he will
belong in the great county of Sacramen
to — in the county of Santa Clara he has
received the highest majority as Mayor
of the city of San Jose that was ever
given to any candidate, either Democrat
ic, Republican or anything else, that was
ever presented before the people of that
county. After that, gentlemen, he was
nominated and elected a, member of the
Board of Supervisors of this great county
of Santa Clara, Subsequently to that, I
will be just as brief as possible, he was
nominated by the people of the county
bt Santa Clara and the city of San Jose
as a member of the appointing board
■which gave to the city of San Jose the
best municipal government that it ever
had so long as that city has existed. So
much, gentlemen, for the record of the
man we now nominate.
San Francisco has received a great many
things at the hands of this convention;
now give us hayseeds a chance. Give us
something. We come here asking you
only for this office. That is our slate, as
my friend. General Hart, says his slate
is Mr. Curry. Our slate is Paul P. Aus
tin. We give him to you, gentlemen, as
an honest man. We give him to you as
a man with a good record. We give him
to you now the same as an old soldier
would give up his sword — his best and his
highest possession. Nominate him. gen
tlemen, and he will add strength to your
ticket. Nominate him, and when the day
of election comes you will find that Paul
P. Austin will give the majority and the
strength that the Republican party needs
at the coming election. (Applause and
cheers.)
Judge Seward of Sierra, in behalf of
the delegation from Sierra County, sec
onded the nomination of Mr. Austin.
Mr. Marsden of San Francisco seconded
thr- nomination of Paul Austin. The nom
inations were then closed and the secre
tary directed to call the roll. During the
roll call the name of Paul Austin was
withdrawn from the convention, and on
motion, duly seconded, the nomination of
Charles F. Curry was made unanimous.
It was moved and seconded that the
convention adjourn until to-morrow
morning at 9:30 o'clock. Seconded and
carried.
JOY IN LOS ANGELES
OVER THE NOMINATION
STRONGEST AND MOST POPULAR
CHOICE THAT COULD HAVE
BEEN MADE.
Grand and Enthusiastic Reception to
Be Given Mr. Gage on His Re
turn to His Home.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 24.— Wlren the
lews that Henry T. Gage, the favorite son
»f the land of sunshine and orange blos
soms, had received the nomination for
3<>vernor by acclamation the most un
funded enthusiasm prevailed in this city.
Vlen gathered in groups in the corridors
»f .the hotels and on the sidewalks, ex
pressing their satisfaction at the choice
»f the convention in the most loyal terms,
md meetings are being held by the van*
>us Republican clubs throughout the
;ounty to-night for the purpose of ar
•anging for a grand reception to the
ttandard-bearer of the Republican party
ipon his return here.
Never in the political history of Los
Angeles have the people been so united
•s they now are for Henry T. Gage, and
.here is already heard the bold assertion
hat the county will wrest the honor of
t^ing the banner Republican county from
>er great northern rival at the coming
.•lection.
H* publicans from all parts of the coun
y have determined that nothing shall be
eft undone to make the coming demon
.tratlon the greatest ever held here, and
nvitat-ions have been extended to all the
luccessful candidates in Southern Cali
'ornia to participate in the rally. The
■eception will take place some day early
ifxt week at Hazard's Pavilion, and as
©on as the exact date is fixed numerous
lands of music will be engaged for the
•ccasion.
The demonstration will consist of a
nonster parade by the various clubs of
his city and vicinity, and a large number
if citizens unattached to any dub will
narch in the procession. The Amencm
?lub of Pasadena, a uniformed organiza
loh.'hafl already sent word that it will
cirticipate and bring a band from that
:ity. The Spanish-American El Dorado
riub'of this city gave a reception to the
:andidates for local offices at foresters'
Sail to-night. Speeches were mirie by
he.' various candidates, and General
'ie'ree, the war horse of the Republican
•arty- in this county, in which he eulo
rizeii Henry T. Gage, the candidate for
jiivcrnor, whom he has known intimately
or nearly a quarter of a century.
•Before adjourning the club decided
Uianlmously to take part in the coming
••ecoptlon.
: Telegrams congratulating Mr. Gage
tpon his nomination were sent to him €>y
•he various clubs, and many individuals
•xpr< ssed their gratification in like man-
K-r. . f
RAILROAD COMMISSIONERS.
Sdson of Siskiyou the Only Candidate
. ; Nominated.
CALL HKAIiQI-ARTERS, BACRA
IBNTO, Auk. 24.— There was quite a lit-
Ie contest last night in the First Dis
. rlct -Railroad convention. Cutler of Yuba
fits elected chairman and Elwood Bru
«r of Bacramento was made secretary.
William Jieckman of Sacramento was
laced in nomination by T. L. Carruthers
f I'kiah, K. B. Edson of Siskiyou by R.
I. Taylor and \V. 1.. Crooks of Solano
. y C P. Stevens.
A- call of the roll showed that Edson
anted off the plum by a vote of al
most two to one. The vote stood: Ed
rtn 136. Beckman 7." and Crooks 18. The
ominatlon of Edson was afterward
lade unanimous.
The Second Railroad District Conven
lon, comprlrtng the countl«-s of San
"ranrisco, San ICat6o and Marin, reor
anl»«d yesterday morning by electing
v Ruef c.f San Francisro chairman and
;. J. WaterbouM of Marln secretary,
'he convention then adjourru-d to meet
t the call of the chair in San Fran-
Isco.
The Third District Railroad convention
rganised last night by nominating J<;. K.
aylor of Alameda chairman and f ,br"e
)." Colemao Of . San Dloro KtceVary.
ftrr a )>rlef discussion it was decided to
djoufn until to-day, when a Rai,M,ad
■'.inmissioner for the district will be
ominated.
Three Hundred Miners Drowned.
LONDON, Aug. 25.— A dispatch from
'lenna to the Dally News Bays that 300
Mners were drowned by the flooding: of
ac Kasimir coal mines at Nience, near
chnowiz, Silesia, three days ago.
DISTRICT
MEETINGS
Frank D. Ryan for Con
gressman From the
Second.
Equalization and Assembly
Conventions Hold
Sessions.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 24.— The Second Congres
sional District nominating convention met
In Assembly chambers this afternoon and ;
nominated District Attorney Frank D. |
Ryan of Sacramento for Congressman.
The nomination was made by acclamation.
The convention was called to order by
John F. Davis of Amador. Arthur L.
Levinsky of Stockton was elected chair!
man and W. P. Thorpe of Sacramento
was chosen for secretary. Ryan was
placed in nomination by Fred Grady of
Butter. There was no opposition and ;
nominations were declared closed.
In response to calls from the delegates,
Ryan appeared before the convention. He
promised that in the event of his elec
tion he would work in the Interests of the
miners as well as for the farmers of the
district. He said that he was not op
posed to mining, but, on the contrary,
believed that the mining industry should
be fostered and encouraged. In conclu
sion he said that he hoped to receive the
support of the Republicans of the district.
Receiving that support, he felt confident
that he would be elected by a handsome
majority.
Judge Davis of Placer moved that the
vote of the convention be cast by the
secretary. Judge Fulweiler of Placer op
posed that course. He said that it smack
ed too much of a secret ballot. He be
lieved that the roll should be called and
every delegate afforded an opportunity of
casting his vote. After a brief discussion,
the motion of Judge Davis was carried by
acclamation and Chairman Levinsky de
clared Ryan the nominee of the conven
tion. The following Congressional com
mittee was then selected from the several
counties comprising the Second District:
Alpine— W. P. Merrill, Woodford; Frank
Smith, Markleeville.
Amador— Daniel Stewart, lone; V. W. Gaskill,
Jackson.
Butte— A. G. Simpson, Mokelumne Hill; Joh«
Raggio, San Andreas.
El Dorado — Thomas Stevenson, Greenwood;
G. A. Richardson, Phicerville.
Inyo— Morris J. Conley, Bishop; Frank E.
Densmore, Independence.
Mariposa— F. D. Koenlg and J. E. Fleming,
Coulterville.
Mono— Harvey B. Boone, Bodte; H. J. Pitts,
Topas.
Nevada— C. E. Clinch, Grass Valley; F. M.
Rutherford. Truckee.
Placer— F. P. Tuttle, Auburn; H. C. Trippett,
Rosevllle.
Sacramento— J. J. Campbell, Gait; W. 11.
Hanlon, Sacramento; W. J. Hall, Sacramento.
San Joaquin— lrving Martin, Stockton; J. M.
Blodgett, Lodi.
Sutter— C. G. Raub, Merldan; James Murray.
Yuba City.
Tuolumne — Thomas A. Hender, Sonoma; Paul
Morris Chinese Camp.
Yuba— Conrad Gottwals, Marysvllle; S. D.
Wood, Wheatland.
The following auditing committee was \
then appointed by the chairman, W. F.
Knox or Sacramento, D. E. Morgan of i
Nevada City. Frank A. West of Stockton,
J. B. Devine of Sacramento, and J. ML
Fulweiler of Auburn.
Chairman Levinsky and Secretary
Thorpe were added to the Congressional
Committee, and after authorizing the
committee to fill any vacancies that may
occur, the convention adjourned.
At a joint meeting of the delegations
from Mariposa and Tuolumne counties at
noon to-day, A. M. McDonald of Big Oak
Flats was given the nomination of As
semblyman from the Fifty-eighth Dis
trict. The delegation then discussed the
different candidates and the joint session
adjourned. J. E. Fleming, chairman and
secretary of the Mariposa County com
mittee, then called that delegation to or
der and W. E. Gallison of Mariposa was
elected a member of the State Central
Committee.
Alexander Brown of Calaveras wats
nominated for a member of the Board
of Equalization of the Second District.
The Second Equalization District Con
vention met during the afternoon recess
in the main convention hall. Arthur L.
Levinsky of Stockton was elected chair
man and W. B. Thorpe of Sacramento
secretary.
Nominations being declared In order,
Salinsky of Calaveras presented the name
of ex-Asaemblyman -Alex. Brown of
Calaveras. Belshaw of Alameda placed
J. M. Stow of Walnut Creek in nomination
and James Stanley of AlarflO • »«w ~'-ced
in nomination by E. K. tnalist kttq
the rollcall was half over v r, ' ..' ' ...
that Brown would be nomina 1 ist^wi
and Stanley withdrew and B. wa v ■
nominated by acclamation.
The convention then adjourned, after
naming the State Committee men from
the several counties in the district to ■
serve on the Congressional Committee.
Immediately after the adjournment of
the convention at noon to-day the mem- !
hers of the Forty-seventh Assembly Dis- i
tri< t met in their sets and elected Hugh
Diamond a member of the State Central '
Committee from Alameda County. The ,
j delegation then aujourned and visited the
! Buffalo Brewery and were shown the won
ders of the institution and sampled its j
brew.
After caucusing on the candidates of
their choke the Nevada delegation this i
morning agreed on Charles E. Clinch of j
Grass Valley as its representative on the i
Congressional Committee and D. E. Mor- j
gan of Nevada as its choice for the post- I
tion of State Central Committee man.
Acting Chairman James Alva Watt of
the Fifth Republican District Convention
tried to effect a temporary organization I
of that body this afternoon without suc
cess. About three score delegates gath
ered in the north wing of Agricultural
Hall immediately after adjournment, but
owing to no notification being given a
majority of the members composing the
Fifth District were absent. This neces
sitated a postponement and the delegates
adjourned to meet again this evening.
Later, it was decided not to call another
meeting in Sacramento, but wait until
after the convention, when a meeting
will be called in San Francisco. This
will probably be next week, but in the
interim the candidates looking for the
nomination are on the anxious seat
An Interesting struggle for the plum is
now in progress and grow* warmer daily
Eugene F. Loud, the incumbent, is again
seeking the nomination. He is opposed i
by State Senator Eddie I. Wolfe and ex- !
Judge Daniel J. Murphy. The two last
named candidates have been in attend
ance on the convention and are energet
ically working to land the coveted nomi
nation. Mr. Loud's representatives
however, are not idle and are confident
that their man will again be named by
the Congressional convention.
H. O. Purington of Sutter County was
nominated last night in the Third Equal
ization District. For a time it looked as
if it would be impossible to secure a can
didate to run against "Dick" Beamer, the
Democratic nominee.
The convention was presided over by
Cutter of Yuba, Dndnon of Teharaa act
ing as secretary. When nominations were i
declared In order silence fell upon the
convention. The delegates looked at one
another to see who had a candidate, and
when the silence became almost oppren
slve Chairman Cutter broke the spell
by asking some one to trot out a candi
date The candidate stock was shy, and
there was another pause.
To break the monotony one of the dele
gates suggested that the nomination be
tendered to "Long Green" Lawrence.
"I guess he would take it," said an
other delegate.
"He would take almost anything."
"Thia is no time for Joking," said a
delegate from Tehama in chiding tones.
"We are here for work and not for horse
play," he concluded.
Chairman Cutter then came to the res
cue of the convention. "It seems that we
have no candidate," said he, "and under |
the circumstances I am willing to make j
a motion that we indorse Beamer. We
all know him and know hia record. It |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 25, 189 S.
would only be an act of justice to Indorse
him if we have not a candidate of our
own."
The suggestion mot with opposition.
"This is a Republican convention," said
one of the delegates, "and If we are un
able to make a nomination to-night I
would suggest that we adjourn, after
authorizing the State Central Committee
to till the vacancy."
It was at that juncture that the name
of H. O. Purington was presented, and
he was made the choice of the conven
tion.
GAGE AFFIRMS THERE
WERE NO COMBINATIONS
DOMINATED BY NEITHER INDIVIDUAL
NOR CORPORATION.
In His Acceptance of the Nomination
for Governor He Pajs Tribute
to Republicanism.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 24.— Henry T. Gage was in
troduced to the delegates at the conven
tion, after his nomination for the Gov
ernorship, by Chairman Neff. He was
greeted with loud, applause and spoke as
follows:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the
Convention: It is needless to say that no
words can express my thanks for the
honor of this nomination conferred upon
me by so distinguished and so representa
tive a body of my fellow-citizens. While
that is true, it is but fitting that my
gratitude should be expressed in deeds,
since the words, as I have just said, are
made' I promise you to go forth
anc" - / battle for this ticket with the
be4r -sHfill and judgment and energy I
possess (Applause), because I believe, in
my heart, that the welfare of this State
will be best subserved by a Republican
administration.
My Republicanism begun in my early
! boyhood, and it has passed through the
struggles of my early life and throughout
a professional career in California extend
: ing over a period of twenty-live years or
thereabouts. I had faith in the Republi
can party and was sincerely alive to it,
; because 1 saw in my early manhood; nay,
in my childhood, that the rank and tile of
the party were always battling for lib
erty and battling for right. (Applause.)
In 1563 the Republican party unlocked
the doors of slavery and liberated 3,000,
000 of slaves, and in I&9S it gave happiness
and freedom to the entire Cuban nation.
(Applause.) It has always battled for
the right, and a party that has always
been contending for liberty may be
! trusted in disposing of the rights of man.
! The Republican party is a safe guide.
j The rights of the workingman and the
j rights of property are secure un
' der Republican rule, but they are im
i perilled under a socialistic sentiment, un
der a single-tax sentiment or any other
I demagogic principles not founded on
sound ideas of justice.
I was born in the State of New York.
1 came to these Pacific siioi^s in my
boyhood. My interests have bee 1 here.
I have been engaged in business in Cali
fornia for more than a fifth of a cen
tury. What property I have, whatever
I have accomplished has beer, dour.' with
in the confines of California. While I
have achieved a little by my Independ
ent exertions, much has been done for
me by the people of this State. Just
i now you have been good to me. You
have conferred a distinguished honor
upon me.
Although having no adult relatives of
the Gage family west of the Rocky
Mountains, yet I love California, for my
wife and children are natives of this
State, and my admiration for my State
is best expressed when I say that I
would rather be Governor of California
than President of the United States. (Ap
plause.) This is a Republican year. It
needs Republican conservatism; it needs
Republican judgment; it needs Republi
can skill to handle the commercial ques
tions that shall grow out of this war,
which has so gloriously established the
prestige of the American flag, and by
peace the annexation of the Hawaiian
Islands. We trust to the intelligent ma
jority of California to reject the political
heresies of the Democratic-Populist par
ty, that heterogeneous party, the admix
ture of whose contrary doctrines is de
signed not for the betterment ot tne peo
ple but solely for the spoils of office. We
hope, in favor of the intelligence and the
exercise of that good judgment of our
people, that we will achieve a decisive
Republican victory in the coming con
test. I believe we shall have such. At
all events. I shall do everything legiti
mate in my power to reach that desired
goal.
Now. Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of
the convention I know you are weary. 1
know that you do not care to be annoyed
with any lengthy discussion, either of the
general political questions of the hour or
otherwise, yet it is but just to you, since
we are about to separate soon and all to
go forth to battle for- the Republican
cause, that I should give you my assur
ance upon an important matter. I want
you to distinctly understand that in this
campaign for the Governorship I have
never made any political promise or com
bination with any living man or thing on
this earth. (Applause.) Not only that, I
promise you that, throughout this cam
paign, I will not debase nor degrade the
honor and the faith that you have con
fided in me by any such combination.
(Applause and cheers.)
i. T .would rather meet honorable defeat
i iban be ■ ' v of any such practice, and
if, aft> political contest is over I
Totjir r " . us b, jutiful city elected Gov
ernor or the State. I will walk down your
street* toward that capltol a free man.
not dominated by any corporation, not
dominated by any individual; not dom
inated by anything except the purpose to
discharge my duties faithfully to D^mo
crut. Republican and every human being
within the confines of our beautiful State
(applause and cheers) no matter, fellow
citizens, whether that person be the mm- !
ef. living in that cabin on the mountain I
side or the aristocrat in the palace in the
city. We are bound as a party to, 'and we
will, do impartial justice to all our fel
low beings. (Applause and cheers.) I
thank you again for this honor and I
indorse most heartily the principles set
forth in your platform.
opponents of Tea are hopeful
Good Government League Will Wage a
Bitter Fight at the Polls Against
"Gang" Rule.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 24.— The Good Govern
ment League delegation that went to Sac
ramento to contest the seating of the Rea
delegates returned home this evening.
They are not discouraged because not
recognized, and are determined to wage a
bitter fight against Rea and his frang.
A full county ticket will be named by
the Good Government League. A few
Democratic and independent candidates
may be indorsed, but it is proposed to put
up an entire separate ticket.
The Good Government people affirm that
Rea has made all kinds of propositions to
them looking to a compromise, but they
refused all such offers. ThHr county con
vention is set for Saturday, but an ad
journment will then be taken for a couple
of weeks. The strongest men in the Re
publican party will be nominated. The
league has a membership of 1600. Mem
bers claim that they stand an excellent
chance of electing any ticket they nomi
nate, as decent people are so disgusted
with machine politics that they will flock
to the support of league candidates. The
frauds perpetrated at recent primaries
have aroused much adverse comment, and
citizens are loud in denouncing the meth
ods of Boss Rea.
SWEET SINGERS SERENADE GAGE.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 24.— Henry Gage, the Re
publican nominee for Governor, was sere
naded in the parlors of the Golden Eagle
to-night by the club of the '98 quartet of
Sacramento, consisting of Messrs. Edgar
A. Coffin, first tenor; Dr. Jerome C. Car
roll, second tenor; Charles H. Ellsworth,
barytone; William S. Howe, bass.
The vocalists appeared half an hour
after the convention adjourned for tho
night, and delighted the recipient of tho
compliment and a large number of his
friends with their melody. It would bp
hard to find a better male quartot lliar.
that of the Club of '98. their voices being
well trained and blending perfectly. Sev
eral campaign and sentimental songs
were rendered, each belog heartily ap-_
plauded. Mr. Gage expressed his keen
appreciation of the compliment, and light
refreshments were served, after which
the party disbanded.
FORTYTHIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
An impromptu meeting of the Repub
licans of the Second Precinct of the
Forty-third Assembly District was held
yesterday at their rooms at 17 Ellis street
for the purpose of ratifying the nominees
of the State convention at Sacramento.
Speeches were made by Judge A. B.
Treadwell, who presided: Harry L. Hay
wards. Leon Cohen and several others.
Milo Waldron was declared the unanimous
choice of the club to represent the dis
trict in the Assembly. A committee was
also appointed to select a suitable uniform
for a drill corps. After cheers for Gage.
Neff and Milo Waldron the club adjourned
to meet again on Wednesday evening
next.
SKIPPED WITH
HIS NUGGETS
A Klondiker Victimized
by His Wife.
The "tenderloin" is responsible for
another sensational robbery, and this
time it is of rather a peculiar nature
by reason of the fact that a wife de
spoiled her lord and master of the earn
ings of years.
William Walker returned from the
Klondike two- weeks ago and rejoined
Mrs. Walker after an absence of four
years, during which he toiled and en
dured the grim hardships of the frozen
northland. He brought with him some
thing over $4000 and deposited it In a
safe deposit in the Flood building.
The couple stopped at 850 Market
street and everything seemed to be
lovely. Last night Mr. Walker started
for the prizefight, but changed his mind
and returned to his rooms. He found
that his wife had abandoned him and
investigation revealed the fact that she
had drawn $4200 from the bank and
placed $200 of it in the pocket of a coat
of his in the apartments.
Walker was heartbroken. He says
that one of the worst features of the
case is the fact that she took the deed
to his Klondike mine, the sale of which
he had just negotiated for $10,000.
Chief Lees and several detectives
were on the case during the night and
succeeded in tracing the woman to
Oakland, where she went on the 9
o'clock boat. It is expected that she
will be arrested this morning, as it is
presumed by. her husband that she has
started for Montana, where she has
several children by a former husband.
ON THE VERGE
OF STARVATION
Workmen Are Penniless
at Barcelona.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 189 S. by James Gor
don Bennett. j
GIBRALTAR, Aug. 24.— 1n Barcelona
the labor question seems to be ap
proaching an acute stage. It is esti
mated that something like 6000 work
men are penniless and on the verge of
starvation.
Articles of primary necessity have
reached ; exaggerated prices and to cap
all is the heat, which is terrific and
causing outbreaks of disease among the
semi-starving. This is all the ; more
serious inasmuch as • Barcelona is a
regular hotbed of republicanism. The
Publicidad, a cleverly conducted paper
of ferociously republican type, has
twice incurred the, displeasure of Cap
tain , General Dcs Pujols and has on
each occasion j been fined, but the sec
ond time the proprietor was informed
that another offense would incur sup
pression.
This really means a political conflict,
and its effect will bubble over to the
surface again at the first favorable op
portunity. Then again there is a so
ciety * formed in Barcelona with the
avowed object of seeking annexation
to France, and being so near the fron
tier and approachable in various - di
rections, the situation is extremely fa
vorable to the. inception of revolution
ary operations whether instituted by
Carlists or others. :^3|||i||
•
NOMINEES FOR CONGRESS.
Selections Made in Several Impor
tant Districts.
COUNCIL, BLUFFS, lowa, Aug. 24.—
The deadlock in the Ninth Congres
sional District Republican convention
was broken this morning by the nomi
nation of Smith McPherson of Mont
gomery County.
NORFOLK, Nebr., Aug. 24.— The Re
publicans of the Third Nebraska Dis
trict nominated W. F. Morris of Wayne
for Congress.
BROKEN ROW, Nebr.. Aug. 24.— The
Republicans of the Sixth District nomi
nated Norris Brown of Kearney for
Congress. ■,
EL RENO, O. T., Aug. 24.—Ex-Dele
gate Flynn was nominated for Terri
torial Delegate to Congress by the Re
publican convention to-night. The plat
form adopted recommends the acquisi
tion of all territory we can get under
the peace protocol.
JACKSON, Mich., Aug. 24.— The
Eleventh District Democratic Convention
to-day nominated for Congress O. R.
Pierce of Jackson.
MANISTEE. Mich., Aug. 24.— C. J.
Chuddock of Muskegon was to-day nom
inated for Congress by the Ninth District
Democratic Convention.
MITCHELL, S. D.. Aug. 24.-The Re
publican State Convention to-day nomin
ated the following ticket: Governor, Kirk
Phillips of Dtadwood; Llputenant Gover
nor J. T. Keane of Sanborn County; Sec
retary of State, W. H. Riddle; Treasurer,
John S Chamber of Hutchlnson; Auditor.
J Deveers of Brown; Superintendent of
Instruction, E. E. Collins of Clay; Com
missioner of Schools and Public Lands,
David Eastman of Roberts; Attorney Gen
eral. John H. Pyle of Beadle.
Robert J. Gamble of \ankton and
Charles Burke of Pierre were nominated
for Congressmen.
TWO RAILROAD MEN KILLED.
OGDEN, Utah, Aug. 24.— John Rouse,
general foreman, and Peter McAden,
chief mechanic of the Southern Pacific
shops at Terrace, Utah, were killed
this afternoon at Tecoma, Nev., while
superintending '" 3 placing of an en
gine which was derailed near that
point. The accident occurred at 5:30
o'clock, and as far as can be learned, a
heavy rope was passed around the
trucks and pulling began by another
engine. Suddenly the rope broke, and
the end in which was the loop and a
heavy steel eye struck both men in the
head, fracturing their skulls. A special
train with Dr. Perkins was sent from
Ogden with a clear track ahead, and ,a
special started from Tecoma., this way,
but before the thirty-five miles from
Tecoma to Terrace was traversed both
men died. Both were well known here
and among railroad men all over the
West. Both were prominent Masons
and they leave large families.
CHAUNCEY FILLE!
IS TURNED DOWN
No Longer Leader of the
Missouri Republicans.
WORK OF THE CONVENTION
OHIO DEMOCRATS REAFFIRM
i THE CHICAGO PLATFORM.
Four State Conventions Also Open at
Boise, Idaho, and Populists
Are Much in
Evidence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 24.— After a two
days' session the Republican State
convention, which was the largest and
most harmonious ever held in Mis
souri, ended its labors and adjourned
sine die at 7:45 o'clock this evening.
The following ticket was nominated:
Supreme Judge, long term, G. A. Fink
lenburg of St. Louis; Supreme Judge,
short term, Edward Higbee of Lan
caster; Railroad and Warehouse Com
missioner, W. S. Hathaway of Mexico;
Superintendent of Public Instruction,
Professor John R. Kirk, incumbent.
The most important work of the con
vention to-day was the turning down
of Chauncey Ives Filley, who for
twenty-five years off and on had been
chairman of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee. J. T. Aiken, a bcnker
and business man of Humansville, was
elected to succeed Filley.
DAYTON, Ohio, Aug. 24.— The Demo
cratic State convention assembled at 11
o'clock to-day at the Fair View Casino,
a suburban summer resort. The reso
lutions adopted reaffirm the Chicago
platform and say:
"We particularly indorse the finan
cial plank therein declaring for the free
and unlimited coinage of silver and
gold at the ratio of 16 to 1, independent
of any and all other nations.
"We are proud of the patriotic con
duct, in peace and war, of that great
leader, William J. Bryan, and we favor
his renomination for President in 1900."
The resolutions favor the building of
the Nicaraguan canal, the enlarging of
the militia of all States and the re
ducing of the standing army. They also
oppose alliance with England or any
other foreign power and demand that
the United States Senate take action
upon the findings of the Ohio Senate on
the election of Marcus A. Hanna as
Senator.
BOISE, Idaho, Aug. 24.— Four State
conventions opened here to-day — the
Democrats, Silver Republicans and two
wings of the Populists. The Democrats
elected W. H. Watt temporary chair
man. The fusion Populists elected Jo
seph Bonham temporary chairman, and
the middle-of-the-roaders chose Lieu
tenant Governor Moore.
Each branch appointed a harmony
committee of five. The middle-of-the
road convention adopted a resolution
in favor of a fusion of silver forces.
For the Silver Republicans Lyttleton
Price acted as temporary chairman,
and Judge Keats was chosen perma
nent presiding officer. The convention
adopted a platform and named a com
mittee on conference with the other
conventions. On the question of ac
quired territory the platform says:
"The final disposition of territory ac
quired by this nation in the war from
which we are emerging is of vital im
portance to the people of the United
States; therefore, voicing the senti
ments of the Silver Republicans of
Idaho, we declare it to be our firm con
viction that all territory over which the
United States has acquired sovereignty
or control is ours, henceforth to be
owned, controlled and governed as an
inseparable part of the territory of the
United States."
UTAH VOLUNTEERS
HAVE GRIEVANCES
Company A Complains of 111-Treat
ment, but Is Pacified by
Captain Came.
MADERA, Aug. 24.— Company A,
First Utah Volunteers, who left San
Francisco on August 13 for patrol duty
at the national parks, departed from
here this morning, sixty-five, under the
command of Captain Joseph E. Kane,
going to Yosemite Park, and thirty-five,
under Lieutenant B. X. Smith, to the
Sequoia reservation in Tulare County.
Considerable dissatisfaction pre
vailed among the company on account
of the neglect of the quartermaster to
properly look after the food supply. On
their arrival at Madera at 10 o'clock on
Monday morning, after a twenty-five
mile ride in the hot sun. no provision
was made for rations until about 7
o'clock that evening. Those who got
anything to eat during the day had to
pay for it at the hotels and restaurants.
On account of this and other grievances
some of the men signed a petition ask
ing to be mustered out of the service.
When Captain Came heard of the in
subordination he sent for the leaders
and explained to them the nature of
the military offense they were commit
ting, whereupon they dropped the mat
ter.
In addressing the company the cap
tain said that he wanted to annul an
order he had recently issued to the
effect that he would not be bothered
with the private or military differences
and troubls of the men. This order
seemed to have been responsible to a
certain extent for the insubordination.
REX ALTO'S FAST HEAT.
Breaks the Pacing Record of the
Santa Rosa Track.
SANTA ROSA, Aur. 24.— There was a
good attendance and much enthusiasm
at to-day's races under the auspices of
the Breeders" Association. In the third
race the 2:15 pace. W. S. Maben's bay
Htallion, Rox Alto, lowered the record of
the Santa Rosa track, beating Vendome
stock farm's Much Better by a nose in
the second heat in 2:07%. This was one
of the most hotly contested heats in the
history of the State. The races will con
tinue 'the rest of the week. Local road
race to-morrow. Summaries:
• 2:21 class pacing, mile heats. 2; In 3, $300:
Charles David. ........;............. ..... 2 1 1
Don ••• 4 2 '•' 2
Nutway. -.].........•••;•••;•••••••• •••••"•! 3_ 3
Bess : "2Vl6*"" 3 Dlb
Best time, 2:16.
2:17 clans trotting, mile heats, 2 in 3, $300:
Our Jack 1 *
Myrtle Thorn 2
Our Lucky 4 2
Daymont 8 D 's
May Be Dis
Best time, 2:ISM:-
2:15 class paolnjr, mile heats, 2 in 3, $300:
Much Better 1 2 1
Beachwood • * 4 2
Hex Alto * 1 4
Harvey Me 3 3 3
Uest time, 2:07%.
Peanuts nnd Sophia R distanced.
ON THE AUXILIARY SHIPS.
Nearly All the Men Called to Man
Them to Be Discharged.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 24.— Naval offi
cials say that next week all the men
called from the various States to man
warships of the auxiliary navy will be
discharged with the possible exception of
those on the four old monitors around
Boston.
GARCIA TELLS OF
HIS OPERATIONS
Victorious Since Leav
ing Santiago.
CAPTURES SEVERAL TOWNS
INFLICTS GREAT LOSS UPON
THE SPANIARDS*.
Says He Has Received Propositions
for the Surrender of Manzanillo
Which He Declines to
Accept.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— The follow
ing report from General Garcia was
received at the Cuban junta to-day.
The report was addressed to President
T. Estrada Palma:
GIBARA, Aug. 3.— On the 16th of July I held
the last conference with the American Gen
eral Shatter. He Informed me that the Ameri
can troops had captured Santiago de Cuba.
Aware that my troops were no longer needed
In that vicinity, while they were needed very
much in other ptecefl still occupied by the
enemy, I so informed General Shafter. He
askeil me to delay my departure two or three
days, which I did, rtarting on the lsth toward
Holguin by the way of Jiguay. I am at pres
ent with my general headquarters in the town
of Gibara, where I arrived on the 30th of July.
On the 18th, while encamped in San Pedro
de Cocum, I learned that General Luque had
evacuated this town and General Luis de
Feria, with the troops under him. had occu
pied it. The Spanish left in the hospitals over
600 sick and wounded, whom I have provided
with beef.
There is perfect order In the town: new
municipal authorities have been elected and
everything is working regularly. The Lnited
States steamship Nashville was in the harbor
when I entered. I requested its commander to
ask his government to open this port to for
eign commerce, or with the United States at
least, for there Is great scarcity of provisions.
The Spaniards took everything they could.
General Luque is In Holguin with 12,000 men
and 24 cannon and I am trying to force him
out, although 1 can only count on 4000 men and
four cannon with which to fight him. v olun
teers and Kur-rrillas are daily joining us.
About 1500 men have already Inined us, and it
It continues the Spanish army will soon be dlß
solved. . _ 
Mayari. Fray Benlta, Jururio and Jandiaga
are garrisoned by our army. These towns were
evacuated on the 22d of July, leaving 100 sick
and wounded that we are caring for in the
hospitals. When the Spaniards left Mayari we
defeated them, capturing their convoy, consist
ing of 300 rifles. 150,000 Remington and Mauser
cartridges, two cannon with ammunition for
them and pmvisions and clothing. They suf
fered severe losses, not many arriving at Hoi-
I have received propositions for the sur
render of Manzanillo under conditions which I
have refused to accept. Very soon all my de
partment will be free from the dominion of
Spain CALIXTO GARCIA.
SCHLEY GREATLY IMPROVED.
Everything Now Points to a Speedy
and Complete Recovery.
WESTPORT, Conn., Aug. 24.— This
morning "found Rear Admiral Sehley
greatly improved, and everything now
points to a speedy and complete recov
ery. The admiral passed a very comfort
able night and arose with the other mem
bers of the Wortley household at an early
hour. He announced to-day £hat he in
tends going to Washington to-morrow.
BALD STILL CHAMPION.
McFarland and Michael Win Other
Professional Events.
ASBURY PARK. N. J., Aug. 24.—
Fully 8000 people witnessed the races
held In this city to-day under the au
| splcious of the American Cycle Racing
I Association. The one-mile L. A. W.
championship professional brought out
a field of the most noted crack riders,
including Bald, Cooper, Major Taylor,
I Stevens, Eaton and Gardiner. Bald
j was the favorite, and by hard riding
; succeeded in winning his heat, and
; later captured the final by an almost
j superhuman spurt In the stretch.
The one mile L. A. W. championship,
professional was won by E. C. Bald, H.
B. Freeman second and Tom Cooper
third. O. L. Stevens was fourth. Time,
; 2:05: 4-5.
The mile handicap, professional, was
won by F. A. McFarland, James Urqu
hart second and H. E. Caldwell third.
Time, 6:03.
The paced race between Jimmy
Michael and Linford Lefferson of As
bury Park was an exceedingly inter
esting event. During the race of fif
teen miles forty pacemakers were used.
They were mounted , on tandems, trip
lets, ; quads and quints, representing
some of the fastest riders following the
national circuit. Michael allowed Lef
ferson half a lap handicap. Michael
won the race by about half a lap. The
time of - the two ' riders for the fifteen
miles was: Michael, 29:36; Lefferson,
30:10. ■:;■?;'-
*
Windsor's Summer Meeting Closes.
DETROIT, Aug. 24.— The summer meeting at
Windsor closed to-day. A large crowd was
present. A special train of twenty carloads of
horses left for the Fort Erie track to-night,
which opens on the 28th and continues for
twenty-three days. Results:
First race, six furlongs — Bob L«each won,
Downey second. Never third. Time. 1:15.
Second race, five furlongs— Ocie Brooks won,
J. E. Clines second, Buena Ventura third.
Time. l:02U.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth — Cogmoosey
won. Beau Ideal second, Henry Launt third
Time, 1:46.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Midlo won. Ferry
man 111 second. Prlma third. Time, 1:14.
Sixth race, steeplechase, short course — Par
son won, Brother Bob second. Little Bramble
third. Time, .
-•>
Ended a Spree by Hanging Himself.
HEALDSBURG, Aug. 24.— Chris Nick
las, proprietor of the Oaklawn House,
committed suicide this afternoon about 5
o'clock. He had been drinking- heavily
for several days, but attended to busi
ness yesterday as usual. About the hour
named he was missed, and after a short
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS^Ca
i/S> """Ssfr 1^- If you want to be cured
/SSS^aS^siSs?^ or strengthened consult
tSSjp*§^P*«l Dr. Meyers & Co. They
iS^ W; - •' IB have ■ been successful in
vSfei^ *W treating disease.? and
tfffyj . ll weakness of men for 17
MBR f^Mßt year.". They have the
" Via f^vff \*fij • lar * est and best equipped
- \»3R : -, P* — V 3 institution >. on the 1 coast
Xxil Lati^i for treating . ailments of
iffifi' im**Zsr Ailments, recently con-
*£> InSC Vwii^V?J«f s tracted or those which
>^sjl^^ M/>Via J£ have become dangerous
RSIN. .WSoftfflfv 2 ? from bad treatment or
V*^t^L fllWlK^ neglect are quickly and
'• I'^^fyiHw permanently cured by Dr.
■ * . - Meyers & Co. - -
• Victims ;of nervous s debility, partial : or com-
plete ■ loss ; of i vital • power, ; drains, ? losses, '• etc.;
which . have been brought . on by ; excesses - in-
discretions, overwork, worry. , etc.. quickly
and permanently restored to perfect manhood.
No Pay Till Cured — Consultation Free.
You take no chances In treating with Dr. Mey-
ers & Co.. They will not only make you sound
and well, but you i may keep your money until
you are permanently cured. Dr. Meyers & Co.'s
dealings i with i patients. - either ;at office or by
matt, 1 are sacredly confidential. .. ; v; : :
- .'.While ■- a i personal • interview : •Is preferable,
thousands are cured without seeing the doctors.
Sufferers '■■ who ; cannot \ visit the : city or . call on
a part of the staff when they make their regu-
lar > monthly ; visits := to ■• interior."- towns, : should
write for private book for men,, free treatise on
any ; disease,' symptom '; blanks • and advice. AH
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
781 Market St., San Francisco.
TAKE ELEVATOR Hours daily to to 12—1 to 5.
TAKE ELEVATOR f^>^; to ?
tjunday#9 to 11,
search his body was found In a srrial
room suspended from a nail by a bah
rope. Doctors were summoned and the;
worked hard to resuscitate him, bu*
without avail.
The Enormous Gold Product of 1898
This will be the greatest gold year in his
tory. From South Africa, the Klondike ant
Australia the precious metal is being snippet
in large quantities. It is believed that thli
year's output will be nearly double that of anj
previous twelve months. The sales of Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters are also increasing verj
fast, and this year that famous remedy wll
cure more people of dyspepsia. Indigestion
constipation, nervousness and weakness that
ewr before.
Costs More
to use Schilling's Best
tea because you drink
more. *
United States Branch.
ST/\TE/VYEINT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LANCASHIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAN'CHKSTER, ENGLAND. ON THK
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and fot
the year ending on that day, as made to tb«
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of section!
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed M
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $385,585 71
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,566,657 50
Cash In company's office >96 M
Cash In banks 200,383 91
Premiums in due course of collection 293,680 0J
Special agents' balances 653 M
TotaJ assets $2,447.908 09
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $65,170 81
Losses in process «" adjustment or
in suspense 139,553 41
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 23,860 04
Gross premiums on fire, risks run-
' ning one year or less, $1,612,330 12:
reinsurance 30 per cent 756,195 W
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,142-,
180 09; reinsurance pro rata 694,604 91
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies. 4,002 7!
All other demands against the com-
pany 50,000 00
Total liabilities $1,733,356 OS
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $1,977,673 73
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 50.869 43
Received for rents 8,292 11
Total income $2,036,835 27
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $147,982 84, losses of pre-
vious years) $965,907 75
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 376,648 «
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 164,728 48
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 45.176 91
All other payments and expenditure. 137.924 21
Total expenditures $1,693.386 01
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $1,007,233 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $234,202,375j52,526,303 51
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year... 210,454,066) 2,377,067 00
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 242. 250. 573 1 2.654,510 II
E. LITCHFIELD, United States. Manager. ;
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January, IS9B. . ■ 
C. K. VALENTINE. Notary Public. -
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. -
MANN & WILSON,
Managers,
N.E. Cor. California and Sansome Sts.,
San Francisco, Cal.
STATEMENT
— of THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-;: ——OF THE
TEUTONIA
f INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW ORLEANS, IN THE STATE OF
Louisiana, on the 51st day of December,
A. D. 1897, and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, . pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Coda,
condensed as per blank furnished by th« Com-
missioner. - ' ,"
CAPITAL. .
Amount of. capital stock, paid up In
cash ..:.......;..; :... $250,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $40,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 14,750 00
Cash market value of all stocks and "
bonds owned by company...... 535.730 00
Cash in banks.. 37.889 08
Premiums In due course of collection 60,158 61
Total assets $688,337 74
-, 4 . LIABILITIES. _-. : ■
Losses adjusted and unpaid.... $13,574 65
Gross premiums on- flre , risks run-
ning one year "or ; less/ $357,228 24;
reinsurance 50 per. cent 178,614 It
Gross premiums on -■> flre , risks run-
ning more than one year, $55,755 00;
; reinsurance pro rata..T.... ■..".... 31.711 00
Cash • dividends remaining unpaid 13.135 00
Total liabilities $237.034 77
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
• premiums .. ...' $341,066 1*
Net .cash actually received for. ma-
T rine premiums ...;;...*.. .....'... 22,862 61
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, ■ loans . and from J-'-'.
all other sources.. 20,167 78
Total income. $384,096 49
EXPENDITURES. ,
Net amount paid for flre 1055e5...... $176,571 65
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 9,07152
Dividends to stockholders.. 1 ..'. 25,000 00
Paid- or ' allowed . for ; commission- or ._■■ ■■- -.
■ brokerage — :.......'....;.' 67,59197
Paid i for ■ salaries. ■ fees and ' other .. •■-■*■.<:
■charges for officers.' clerks, etc....". 22,772 22
Paid for • State," ; national and local -' -
taxes- ::;;:■;-.. :..:.....v.:;..:-...: :.v;.:. 7,499 17
All other payments and expenditures. " 19,993 61
Total expenditures $323,600 24
Losses incurred during the year...-..." $176,571 0*
; Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
' ten during: the year.... $30,907,639 $468,239 M
Net amount: of risks ex- :' : . - . ;•-. .
pired during. the year... 32.856,740 399,831 01
Net amount in force De- .^aaid
; cember 31. 1897 ......... -'26. 131. 194 412,983 24
;■.-.■•- v-.:. ■;. '■. :.-■■'_ i "■-■■, '.Marine! ■■ ■ -.-•■■
Risks and Premiums. I Risks. ; Premiums.
: Net amount of i risks writ-
'■^ ten during, the year — - $4,676,058 * $29,003 44
Net amount of risks 'ex- - ■■
c plred during the year. .. 4,676,088 29,008 44
Net amount in force De- - , , . • -
cember 31. 1897.......... None. ■ -Nona. >
•.-■.■■■■::■ ALBERT P. - NOLL. •= President.' ;
, • . : GEO.-, MEYER, Secretary." ; •■ : :
-. Subscribed and sworn . to - before ; me : this lTtll ,
day of January. . 1898. < ■■■.;}■- M. C. SONIAT,
-■ Commissioner for California In New Orleans. .
; . . SAN FRANCISCO, 5 CAL.
MANN & WILSON,
I ; General Agents,
S.E. Cor. California and Sansbme Sts.,
[^ Baa Franc lac CaU
910
FIND A PLANT
FOR MAKING
BOGUS COIN
Solution of a Mystery That
Has Long Puzzled the
Local Detectives.
Counterfeiter's Outfit Discovered
by a Mere Accident Near
San Rafael.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
e>AN RAFAEL, Aug. 24.— For several
months a clever counterfeiter of gold
and silver coin has been at work flood
ing: the marts of trade in this county
and San Francisco with spurious
money. During all this time detectives
and secret service agents have been in
dustriously at work searching for a
clew that would lead to the identity of
the rogue or rogues, without any tan
gible result. To-day a little San Rafael
. schoolboy discovered by accident a clew
that led the county authorities to the
very spot where the bogus coin has been
manufactured and placed them in pos
session of the plant.
The malefactor himself is known and
tn-nierht a United States Deputy Mar-
Btaal is in town aiding the authorities in
-their work of discovering his where
abouts.
For a long time business men in this
city have been reporting to Sheriff Har
rison and Under Sheriff Cottingham"
that some person was placing counter
felt coin in circulation. In Sausalito
especially has this been true. Two
months ago a large quantity of the bo-
The Culvert In the Ravine on San Rafael HIM Where the Coun
terfeiting Outfit Was Hidden.
gus coin war- dumped into the coffers ,l
of the poolroom brokers. Th»> playing
of this monej was; kept up so steadily
that the fact was reported to Chief ;
Lc-es and several detectives were sent
over to investigate the matter. Their
work came to caught, however, for the
clever operator 1-arned that detectives
were on his trail and thereafter dis
posed of his money In Pan Francisco.
Yesterday Uttle Harry Obits, a son of
Mrs. Jacob oiiitz, proprietress <»f the j
Linden roadhouse on Petaluma avenue,
-went hunting on San Rafael Hill. In a I
ravine on the northern side of the hill,
about one-half mile from town, he !
found a part of a mold for half dol
lars and took it home to his mother.
Acting on her advice he took the piece
of mold to Constable W. J. Trainor,
who had the boy lead him to the spojf
where it was found. A discovery was :
there made that filled him with
amazement.
On the side of (he mountain is a
vineyard and at Its lower end is a small
fruleh. In this ravine, secure from ob
servation, the counterfeiter had his j
headquarters. His bed was spread on j
PART OF A MOLD USED BY SCHULTZ IN
HIS WORK.
the ground under a large oak tree and
various cooking utensils were scattered I
about, while a set of buggy harness?
hung on a tree near by. Close to the
tree under which was the rogue's bed
a culvert opened from the vineyard
above. In this cuivert had been hidden
a complete counterfeiter's outfit.
Packed into a dry goods box were
seventeen molds for coins of various
denominations, from a dollar to a dime.
The twenty, ten and five dollar gold
coins were also represented. Acids, a
bucket of charcoal and an electroplat
ing outfit were found buried at the base
of the large oak. All the molds were
made of cement. In addition to sundry
other articles the box also contained a
volume entitled the "Techno-Chemical
Receipt Book." In the book certain
passages relating to the making of
molds with cement and to electroplat
ing were marked in lead pencil.
• Trainor secured the outfit and
brought It to the Sheriff's office in a
buggy. Driving hurriedly back to Mrs. '
Obitz's house he learned that the man ;
wlki had been living in the canyon had ;
applied at her house for a room about
three months ago. He had secured the
room, but had spent little of his time
there, being seen every day to drive I
up the rough mountain road leading to
the ravine in a cart drawn by a bay
horse. He was described as a man of
medium height, evidently a native of j
Germany, with a florid face, high cheek
bones and a sandy mustache, shot with
gray hairs. He was last seen going up
the mountain road the day before yee- :
terday.
Trainor returned to the Sheriff's of- |
flee and was lucky enough to discover |
a portrait among the effects of the \
counterfeiter, which was identified by ;
Mrs. Obitz and others as that of the
man himself. Trainor at once recog
nized it as a man whom he had arrest
ed about five weeks ago for vagrancy,
but who was not committed by the
Justice owing to the fact that he was
able to show plenty of money. He had
refused to give his name to the ar
resting officer, but to Mrs. Obitz, at the
time of asking for a room, he had given
the name of Henry Schultz, which is
believed !b be fictitious.
After consulting with Constable
L,ouis Hughes Trainor notified United
States Marshal Baldwin of the dis
covery, and this evening a deputy was I
sent here. A guard was placed over |
the mountain "den," and all the incom
ing trains were watched, but Schultz,
as he called himself, did not put In an
appearance. The police have been noti
fied and furnished with a complete de
scription of the man, and are now
busily looking for a clew that will lead
to his whereabouts in San Francisco or
elsewhere. __
INDIANS PLAY AT HOME.
First Time in Seven Weeks, but Rain j
■ Stops the Game.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
• Clubs— ' ; cW. L- Pet- Clubs— W. V. Pet.
Boston 69 37 .651 Plttsburß ...54 54 .500
Cincinnati ..68 40 .030 Philadelphia 49 53 .4*o
Baltimore . .83 38 .624' Brooklyn ...39 63 .382
Cleveland ...63 43 .5941 Loulsvlll* ...41 67 .3*o
New -Y0rk. ..60 45 .371 Washington 39 67 .363
Chicago .....59-49 .54ClSt. 1^u15.....30 78 .278
CLEVELAND, Aug. 24.— Tho Indians
played at home to-day for the first time |
In seven weeks, and a small crowd saw j
the game. Seymour's looseness in . the
first inning gave the home team the
game. Rain stopped the game at the end
of the " sixth Inning. Attendance, 600.
Score:
Clubs— R H. E.
Cleveland 4 10 1
New York ............................... 16 0
• Batteries— Wilson and Crlger; Seymour and
Warner.", Umplrep— Connolly, and Hunt; ■
CHICAGO, Aug. 24.— game to-day
was a pitchers' battle and Griffith showed
up the better. He had the sluggers of the
Visiting team guessing all Uirough the
game. Boston. had some more hard luck I
in the injuring of Yaeger. A ball from
Dahlen's bat took a bounce and hit him
in the eye. Score-
Clubs— , n- H. E.
Bofton • ■• 15 2
Chicago :...... 2' 6 2
Batteries— Kloliedanz and " Bergen: Griffith
and Donohue. Umpires— O'Day and McDonald.
PITTSBURG. Aug. 24.— Brooklyn won
from Plttsburg in a game that was very
tame and had no distinguishing feature.
Attendance; 400. Score: .. ;; < . .
Clubs— . R. ll.' E.
I'lttsburg •• 1 4 3
Brooklyn 3 SO
' Batteries— Rhlnes . and liowerman : - y eager
and Grim. Umpires— L.yneh and Andrews.;
LOUISVILLE, Aug.; 24.— Rain stopped
to-day's game in the 'first half- of •■: the
sixth inning, with the Colonels in the
lead. Both pitchers, were batted hard.
Attendance, 300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville ••••. .......11 11 4
Philadelphia ............................. 6 7 4
Cunningham and Klttrldge; Dona
hue and MoParland. Umpires— Swartwood and
Warner. '.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 24.— Baltimore and
Cincinnati game postponed; rain. 
1 ST LOUIS.. Aug. 24.— St. Louis won a
! slugging match from Washington to-day.
Weyhlng started , to' *• pitch, . but was
knocked out of the box. Attendance, 1200.
! Score: ' ,
Clubs— i R. 11. E.
i St. U.uls :...... ...14 16 ; 1
Washington .'.....;.... 5 10 ;6
Batterien— Taylor and Klnslow; 1 Weyhlng,
| Donovan and Mp(3ulh». Umpire— Emslle.
| Collinsville ] Catholic Church Burned.
ANTIOCH. Aug. 24.— The> Catholic
I church at Collinsville - ; was destroyed, by
I fire on Sunday was destroyed by
; started under a wooden porch at the
front of . the building, and is supposed to
have caught from a. cigar stump thrown
Into the dry grass which ;. surrounds r - the
porch. ■'. -.: ■. '■ ■' ';■-. . "* '"■'■•.'.'"' ■ ; : ::'-.;/:: :'-.;/: ■.■■■-"
« ♦ «
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without: removal. ' J. Noonan,' 1017-1C23 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 25, 1898.
HENRY SCHULTZ. THE COUNTERFEITER WHO FLOODED
MARIN COUNTY WITH SPURIOUS COIN.
(Drawn from a photograph discovered among the counterfeiter's effects.)
SECRETARY ALGER
IS NOW PREPARING
TO OFFSET MILES
Telegrams That Will Show the
Inconsistency of the
General.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
sends the following: An open quarrel
between Secretary Alger and Major
General Miles seems inevitable.
The publication this morning of an
Interview credited to General Miles in
regard to the Santiago campaign in
which General Miles makes it appear
that his dispatches were garbled for
ulterior purposes by somebody in
Washington and that his recommenda
tions were disregarded and his orders
to General Shafter disobeyed, has ten
ded to increase the friction which has
unquestionably existed for a long time
between the Secretary of War and the
commanding general.
In the absence of Secretary Alger no j
one at the department to-day would '
discuss for publication the reported in- !
terview with General Miles, but con
slderabte irritation was felt through- j
out the War Department and every one i
is looking forward to some very lively j
times when General Miles returns to j
Washington.
The statements attributed to General
Miles are so much in Ikie with recent
publications emanating from his
RIOS REPORTS
FIERCE BUTTLE
Spaniards Yet Fighting
in Philippines.
SLAUGHTER OF INSURGENTS
FIVE HUNDRED NATIVES SAID
TO HAVE BEEN KILLED.
A Sergeant of Gendarmes Who At
tempted to Incite a Bising
Turned Over to the Courts
And Shot.
NEW YORK, Aug,
24. -4 Under date of
August 24 Aguinal
do cables the World:
I am satisfied with
American occupa
tion. The Filipinos
are disbanding.
MADRID, Aug. 24.— The Government
has received a dispatch from General
THE FIRST VOLUNTEERS
ORDERED MUSTERED OUT
WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— Orders have been issued for the
mustering out of the folio-wing regiments: First Vermont, First
Maine, Fifty-second lowa, Sixth Pennsylvania, Fifth Maryland,
Second New York, Second Nebraska, One Hundred and Fifty-
Seventh Indiana, all volunteer infantry; Batteries A, B, C and D,
Ohio Light Artillery, First Illinois Volunteer Cavalry, Batteries A
and B, Georgia Light Artillery, Twenty-Eighth Indiana Light Bat
tery and the NeW York and Pennsylvania cavalry troops now in
Porto Rico.
Other orders to muster out troops will be announced as soon as
definite decisions are reached.
The Porto Rican cavalry mustereji out are Troops A and C of
New York, the Philadelphia city troops, Sheridan Troop and the
Governor's Troop of Pennsylvania.
friends here that no one questions the
accuracy of the interview.
The statement that the War Depart
ment garbled Miles' dispatches so as to
put him in a bad light before the pub
lic is emphatically denied. It is not de
nied, however, that many of his dis
patches have not as yet been made
public. A complete- record of all the
dispatches sent to and received from
General Miles has been kept, and when
made public. I am told, will show so
many inconsistencies in the various
recommendations by General Miles that
considerable difficulty will be experi
enced in determining what his line of
policy has been in many cases. This
is said to be particularly thus in re
gard to the recommendations he made
about affairs in Santiago.
In anticipation of Congressional in
vestigation of the conduct of the war,
instructions have already been given
to have all the correspondence put in
shape for transmission to Congress
when called for. Indeed, It is said Sec
retary Alger contemplates appointing
boards of Investigation of all subjects
which promise to be matters of Con
gressional attack, in order that he may
be prepared to make a good defense
when the searchlight is turned on.
Rios, Governor of the Vizcayas Tslands,
and the successor of General Jaudenes
in the Governor Generalship of the
Philippines, saying that there has been
bloody fighting between the Spaniards
and Insurgents, with an estimated loss
to the latter of 500 men. The Spanish
losses were "unimportant."
The dispatch says that a number of
the insurgent chiefs were captured and
shot. A sergeant of gendarmes who at-
MORE TROOPS
REACH MANILA
MANILA, Aug. 24.— The United
States transports Rio Janeiro
and Pennsylvania arrived to
day, the former bearing two
battalions of South Dakota Vol
unteers, recruits for the Utah
Light Artillery and a detach
ment of the Signal Corps, and
the latter the First Montana
Volunteers and 300 recruits for
the First California Volunteers.
tempted to incite a rising against the
authorities barely escaped lynching at
the hands of the populace. He was
turned over to the courts and shot.
General Rios adds that he has organ
ized six battalions of natives and
Spaniards for the purpose of resisting
a threatened invasion of Insurgents
from the island of Luzon and also a
small squadron to watch the coasts
and rivers of Mindanao Island and the
Vlzoayas. The Government is highly
satisfied with the service of General
Rios.
General Wilson In Control.
PONCE, Porto Rico, Aug. 24.— General
James 11. Wilson has assumed control of
the district of Ponce find has ordered that
all saloons shall be closed for three days,
with a view to quieting the existing dis
orders. They will be opened subsequently
under special regulations. General Grant
has established his headquarters here.
RUMORED ATTEMPT
TO ASSASSINATE
HUNTINGTON
Said to Have Been Shot While ir>
Camp oq Lake Raquet, Near
Saratoga, N. Y.
Apparently well-founded rumors were afloat In this city and
throughout the United States yesterday that an attempt had been
made to assassinate Collis P. Huntington at his summer residence
Vfforuf'to secure definite information on the subject proved un
availing, owing to communication by wire being interrupted by
'"Tate last night the following was received from the Associated
Our Saratoga correspondent advises us that
a rumor has reached there to the eFfect that C.
P. Huntington has been shot at his camp known
as Pine Knot, on^Racquet Lake, Adirondacks.
He advises that the storms of yesterday and
to-day have prostrated telegraphic communica
tion and that Pine Knot cannot be reached. We
are 'doing everything possible to verify the re-
P< At 'the house in this city of H. E. Huntington, a nephew of
Collls P Huntington. nothing had been heard of the rumored shoot
intr Mr Huntington had retired at his usual hour, and the members
of the family did not consider the story of sufficient importance to
disturb him in regard to it.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— Rumors reached New York to-day to the
effect that Collis' P. Huntington had been shot. Inquiries by wire
poured in by scores from San Francisco to Mr. Huntington's friends
and business associates. None of them had heard of the rumor, and
at his office, in the Mills building, no credence was given to the rumor.
Mr Huntington is spending the summer at Camp Pine Knot, on
Racquet Lake. In the Adirondacks. He was in communication with
his office as usual to-day, and no accident or injury to himself was
mentioned.
SENATOR FRYE
HAS ACCEPTED
Third Member of Peace
Commission.
JUSTICE WHITE SPOKEN OF
TRACY NO LONGEB UNDER CON
SIDERATION.
Aguinaldo Cables That He Is Satis
fied With American Occupation
and That Filipinos Are
Disbanding.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: Senator William P. Frye,
whose appointment as the third mem
ber of the peace commission was fore
shadowed in the Herald this morning,
has accepted and will meet Secretary
Day and Senator Davis in this city to
morrow to confer upon the work of th^>
commission.
I was told by a member of the Cab
inet to-night that these were the only
three members of the commission yet
selected. The same authority stated
that Justice White of the Supreme
Court was still a strong probability.
My informant said that former Secre
tary Tracy was no longer considered in
connection with the commission. There
are reasons for believing that Mr
Tracy was tendered the position, but
declined to serve.
President McKlnley expects to offi
cially announces the names of all five
commissioners on Friday next, wh<?n
formal instructions will be given 1o
them. These will be read and acted
upon at a Cabinet meeting. The. in
structions to be given them are now
being prepared at the State Depart
ment and will be informally discussed
by Secretary Day and Senators Davis
and Frye when they meet at the otate
Department to-morrow.
Senator Davis arrived in the city to
day and had a long conference with
the President and subsequently with
Secretary Day. When I saw him to
day he was in a happy frame of mind
and quite willing to discuss any ques
tion except that relating to the Philip-
Dines Territorial expansionists will
have every reason to be pleased with
the appointment of Senators Davis
and Frye, as they are both known to
favor the retention of all that has been
won by the war.
TYPOTHETAE 07? AMERICA.
MILWAUKEE. Aug. 24.— The United
Typothetae of America convened its
twelfth annual meeting at the Hotel
Pfister to-day, with about 150 delegates
in attendance. A. J. Aikens, president
of the Milwaukee Typothetae. and
Mayor Rose welcomed the delegates,
response being made by Louis A. Wy
man of Boston.
The annual report of the executive
committee, which furnished matters for
discussion during the convention, was
read.
President W. L. Burdick, in his an
nual address, noted with pleasure that
during the past year disturbances have
been brought to a satisfactory settle
ment in most cases. "Employers and
employes have begun to see at last that
their interests are not antagonistic;
that one side cannot succeed by crip
pling and harassing the other." said
the speaker, "and that it is for their
mutual interest to uphold and help
each other in all lawful ways. Ido not
wish to intimate that the millennium
has arrived, but surely the tendency
should be in the direction of a har
mony of interests; the workman doing
what he can to enable his employer to
make money enough to keep out of
bankruptcy and pay his weekly salary
list and the proprietor to pay his hands
what he can consistently afford out of
the profits of his business."
Treasurer Donnelly reported a bal
ance in the treasury of $2314.
President J. H. Bowman of the Inter
national Printing Pressmen and As
sistants' Union was admitted to ad
dress the convention on a nine-hour
work day, which, he said, would be
demanded about September 1, and thir
ty days given the employers to meet
the demand. He hoped an amicable
agreement could be reached.
A warm debate was had. but no ac
tion was taken by the convention up to
adjournment for the day.
LOTH TO GIVE UP
ISLAND OF LUZON
Spaniards Protest the
Cession.
MAY ,'POLONG NEGOTIATIONS
TRADE ADVANTAGES WHICH
DONS WANT TO RETAIN.
Prestige Would Be Irretrievably
Weakened by Presence of
Americans in the Heart of
Their Colonies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Aug. 25.— A dispatch to the
Standard from Madrid by way of
France says: A very unfavorable im
pression has been caused in Madrid by
telegrams attributing to President Mc-
Kinley the intention of instructing the
peace commissioners to insist upon the
cession of Luzon, that American com
merce should have the same footing as
Spanish in the Philippines and that
Spain should pledge Itself that none of
the Spanish colonies should be ceded to
European powers.
If such are the intentions of the
United States Government the negotia
tions are very sure to be' laborious, even
if an understanding is ever arrived at.
The Spaniards consider the cession of
Luzon, their best and most important
island, to be a death blow to their. pres
tige and sovereignty in these regions,
and *j«vould be irretrievably j
wealu££~£ jL jT*he presence of Ameri
cans in the Heart of their colonies.
Commercial equality with the United
States in the archipelago would annul !
the only advantage -• and compensation i
which they might have expected ■ to
have derived from the cost and sacri
fices which have been necessary ,to
maintain their rule in the archipelago.
The . separation of church and State
would be most unpalatable to most
Spaniards and would create grave dif
ficulties in their relations with the Vat
ican and the church, let alone the re
ligious orders in Spain, which are al
ways disposed to side with Don Carlos
against the present dynasty.
Last, but , not least, any pledge to re
frain frc-m ceding any part to the pow
ers' would displease many statesmen
and people of all classes who are daily
more and more inclined to advocate the
sale of the Spanish archipelagoes to the
highest bidder, especially to the conti
nental powers most -likely to be in po
sition to arrest the growth of American
political and commercial influences in
the Far East:
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
IN FAVOR AT ROME
May Be Made Cardinal Owing to His
Efforts for Peace During
the War.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— A cable from
Rome to the Sun says: It Is believed
in Catholic circles that the chances of
the nomination of Archbishop Ireland
of St. Paul as Cardinal at the next
papal consistory have greatly increased
in consequence of his services in the in
terests of peace during the Spanish-
American war.
DENTAL CONGRESS OFFICERS.
The Next Convention of the Body-
Will Meet in This City.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 24.— The Pacific
Coast Dental Congress to-night elected
the following officers: President, Dr.
Russell H. Cool. San Francisco; vice
president, Dr. H. B. Scott, Ellensbufg,
Wash.; secretary, Dr. R. W. Meeks. Oak
land: treasurer. Dr. A. F. Merrlam Jr..
Oakland.
As a nucleus to the formation of a new
general committee consisting of five mem
bers the officers as named above were ap
pointed with Dr. F. C. Pague of San Fran
cisco as the fifth commltteeman.
The congress adjourned to meet two
years hence in San Francisco.
Portland Pioneer Merchant Dead.
PORTLAND, Or.. Augr. 24.— Andrew
Roberts, one of the best-known mer
chants of this city, died to-day, aged 67
He was a pioneer of this city and r
thirty-third depree Mason.
Lurline Salt Water Br.ths.
Bush, Larktn sts. ; m-immtng. Russian, hot and
cold tub baths; salt w.vor direct from ocean.
FATAL END OF A
WAGES DISPUTE
Ranch Hand Killed Near
Balls Ferry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING. Aug. 24.— Early this
morning W. S. Spencer shot and killed
John Cummings, an ex-employe. Cum
mings had been working for Spencer
on his ranch near Balls Ferry for sev
eral months. On August 6 a little dif
ficulty arose between the men regard
ing wages. This morning, while Mr.
and Mrs. Spencer were eating break
fast in their dining-room, Cummings
walked In and began abusing Spencer,
who told him that • he wanted no
trouble with him and for him to leave
the premises. He immediately grabbed
Spencer by the throat and threw him
against the table.
Spencer recovered himself and went
into the room where his wife was,
leaving Cummings alone in the dining
room. Cummings sat. down at the
table, ate a few bites, then walked out
of the house, again making his appear
ance on the front porch and looking
through the open doorway at them. He
again began his abuse, and grabbing
a hatchet which was lying near •by
] hurled it. at Spencer, but missed him.
; Spencer reached for a shotgun which
hung near the doorway and as Cum
mings advanced tired at him; hitting
him. Cummings did not stop, but
picked up a piece of stove wood and
threw it at Spencer. Spencer dodged
the missile and at the same time fired
another shot. Cummings turned and
walked away, passing through the gate
and falling as he got outside.
Spencer came to Redding and Im
mediately gave himself up and his
stepson started to Anderson . for as
sistance.*
.■ » »
A woman's strength lies in her weak
i ness. •''■'•";
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' v^BbCAßTeks
SSOBC HEAOAGHI
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Prowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose*
Small Price.
GENTS' DRESS
SUIT CASES.
IN RUSSET, %JTL 7C
20-iNCH... .. . *P*- P r W
OLIVE LEATHER.
STEEL FRAME.
BRASS TRIMMED.
20-inch $4.50 I 24-inch... .85.50
22-inch... $5.00 | 26-inch..
WILL & FINCK CO.,
820 Market Street.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
The regular course of lectures will befrliv*
Thursday, September 1, at 9 a. m.. at the Col-
lege Building. Stockton st., near Chestnut. San
Francisco. R. A. MoLEAN, M. D.. Dean.
,305 Kearny St., Corner Bush.
fiTIIeRALSTONStILL
Is. the. only one made that '
will furnish absolutely
1 "DRINKING WATER.
Indorsed -by the Ralston
Health Club. Send or call
for . particulars.
THE JUSTINIAN CAIRE CO..
Sole Agents.
521 Market St., San Francisco. :
'- - - . ».-■■:■ , ' ■ ■ - - - ■- - : .
"^^^^ • TkDF AM A s *' ie ne w discorery
UnCAUIA that g i Tea you sleep,
| i^ l^^*'w rout and no dreams. DREAMA
cures bad d reams.' dyß-
■'^^"^T^ '^^^r^L' P«l*ia» horrible
.^^^^sr^ Vfc dre » m ». he -
nlght ilia- ache
slons, niffb tmare. -jCM *>.
Take at right. If not; s *^^y^^^ w
cured money refunded. 26c >^f Cr
a box. DREAMA CO. Sold by "^^T
QBAN'T'B BALDWIN PHABMAOT. T^Sy..
■ ■ ' '■ " "■' " "" ■
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
ac TH Full Set Teeth •!
JSJb 0» t~yfok. extracting free $5 00 up
«^OQr+*?C-^£ Gold Crowns 22k Jsjoup
. gp-^&oZtifr-. V " Fillings '-■-..- 'as cts. up
4r -^s*SB£jß>_JS Open X venings & Sunday*
Sr^WMtXs>T% VAN VROOM
v^B/ \IVSr Electro Dental Parlors
Gsl IT x Sixth and Market
Dr. Q W. Kleiser, Prop.
t visit DR. JORDAN'S ««»*
Museum of Anatomy
1051 MA2EET ST. bet. 6th * 7th, 8. ft ML
" The largest of its kind In ti:e WerSk.
DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
:■-'-•: ■-'-• Contoltatlon ftee. Hrlw for «»»
Philosophy of Marriage.
MAttgp rwec.
\ DR.MULTY:
npHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABM'OtD
I 1 SpeciallatcurM Private. Nervous, nn 1 Blo«U ) '':
•MM of Men only. Book on Private pls'-as^Rnd
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'rVejipeHen<-e.
■ Patients 0n .0,1 ftt Home. Terms reasonable. Honr»»
■ to3dally;6:3otoB:3oeVgs. Snmlnys.lO^. l -;
: taOonfreeandsacredlyconfldentlal. C»l Lor address
I>r. P. ROSCOE McXUIjTY, _ : :?-
i g«K Kearny»t., S*an Franrwco, CM.
X. HESS, Q;
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT LAW.
Tenth Floor." Koom Wli. Claus Spreckel. Bids.
Re«ldence. "m^cSf'wnuTVi.. below PowalL
! Ban . Francisco.ELIDAD
CLASS MUDDER
Wins Again in the Deep
Harlem Going.
ROSE'S SUPERIOR RIDING
30NEY BOY CAPTURES THE LA
GRANGE STAKES.
The Crawfish, Mound City, Wilson,
Timemaker, Sir Rolla and Our
" Nellie the Successful Ones
at St. Louis.
CHICAOO, Aug. 24.— heavy rain of last
■ night made the track at Harlem deep In mud
to-day and changed matters considerably for
the form flgurers. Rose, he of sable hue, rode
. three of the winners and a second horse. clear
■ly being -at, home In the soft going. Eltdad
won again. The surprise of the afternoon was
King Bermuda, who for some unknown rea
son was given the overlook by the book
makers." .
First race, selling, six furlongs: .
• .-. Name and Weight. Jockeys I V V Str - Fin.
' .*C*ortaHs, 91 ..... Knight 1 J 1 * 1 * 3
■Warren Point. 106 Rutter 0 2 i *
'.Moroni. 95 Holden 0 0 0 i
Lady.Juliet. 9S McCann 3 0 » I
•• Fremont. 103 Ellis 2 3 0 0
,\, Time, 1:20%. Won easily. Second and third
* Col'm'o. 95. Radalre 91. Maje«a 98. In-endo
• -98. Valesco 107, C. H. Whelan 100 and Incon
'. stance 100 also ran. . ,
• • SausaJlto odds— to 2, 3 to 1 and 5 to 1.
... : Track odds— 6 to 5 and 3 to 2.
'..•Favorite.
..••Second race. — mile and twenty yards:
• Name and WL Jockeys. I v" 4- V Str. Fin.
•'•Elidad/ 102 Holden. 0 0 3 3 11
Branch. 52 Rose * 2 H ?? h a
"L: Careher, 96....5he P ard 1 l 2Slho
-Aivarado. 11. lU..Everett| 3 3 0 0 0
' Tim?,- l:< 3. Won handily. Second and third
•dTpxo"olo• dT pxo"olo 99. Queen Sane 100, Cains 102. Pitfall
" 104 Sharon 106 and Collins 109 also ran
. Bao?allto odds— 2 to 1. 8 to 1 and 2H to X.
' '.Track odds— 2 to 1 and 3 to 1.
. •Favorite.
"■••Thlra race. La Grange stakes, two-year-olds,
• six' furlongs: ■
I , Nanie and Weight. Jockeys. H %• Str. Fin. i
•B<m<r Boyr»" Rose 212 4 2 1 11
Canape. "93 McNichols 3 3 0 2
Mr. Johnson, 9S J. Reiff 0 0 3 3
Gold Fox. 93 Stanhope' 12 12 11 0
■.First. Tenor. 106 Thorpe) 0 0.0 0
Tl'xne...l:l9. Won handily. Second and third
' driving. •
Sausallto odds— to 5, 3 to 1 and 3 to 1.
. • Track odds— S to 5 and 4 to 5.
.' 'Favorite. ._.
•" .Fourth race. two-year-olds, five furlongs:
Hardy Pardee. 10S (Aker) 1
"Queen of Song. 105 Van Dusen) 2
'-.Nora Ives, 105 (MoNichols) '■ 3
Time. 1:064. Won easily by a length.
-■ .The Dragoon 105. Sun God 100, Overaml 105,
" EJo'ss "iOO and Francis D 106 also ran. .
• ■ Saueallto odds— 3 to 2, even and 12 to 1.
■ -Track rnids— B to 4 and 2 to 5.
!-. »Fa- ' • »
■.-.Fifth -ii.. c selling. »lx furlongs:
Name' and Weight. Jockeys. | H- \. Str. Fin.
.King .Bermuda. M Bom 0 0 0 1%
•?Geo. H. K-tchum. 109. Rutter; 2 2 2 2
'•Primate. 104 Thorpe, lh lh lh 3
. Peter MeCue. 11l W. Zeno| 3 3 3 0
. Time, 1:13%. .Won cleverly. Second and third
df-Jvlng.
■ I>o'aletta 100. Mldlan 103 and John Sullivan ■
Llso ran.
■ #aasallt«» oil to" 5 to 1. 6 to 5 and 8 to 5.
-.. Tra'cJc-odds— II to 1 and 7 to 10. -
'Favorite.
• • Sixth race, selling, mile and twenty yards: •
Kame and Wt. Jockeys. ■ >4- >*. %. Str. Fin.
■His!. 91 Rose 2 1111 1 h *1»4
.•Gutter. S9 J. Reiff 0 0 0 3 2
•ROg-er8..109 Thorpe 1% 2 2 0 2
-.Martin- K. SS ..W. JOB— 3 3 3 210
Time. 1:53. iWoa driving. Second and third
. driving. ' " v
•• Ole^-ln S9, Terranet 95 and Unity 99 also ran.
' Sausallto odds— 2^i to 1, 3 to 2 and 3 to 1.
• Track odds— s to 2 and 3 to B.
TFavorite.
• • : «.
; ONE LONELY FAVORITE.
Timemaker the Only First Choice to
•••.'" [ • Win at St. Louis. •
• ST. LOUIS. Aug. 24.— The favorites were
•'.drowned -five times out of six to-day, Tlme
mkker being the only choice of the talent to
finish In front. Lines and Tommy Burns rode
two' winners apiece, and when the latter failed
'•on the heavily played Sir Gatian to get a chalk
■ mark- the agony of the form students was awful
. to:, behold.
First race, maiden two-year-olds, half a mile:
.Name and Weight. Jockeys.] V Str. Fin.
The Crawfish, .110 Caywood' 12 12 12
•Lady Exell, 105 T. Burns' 2 2 2
Fleeting Ray. 103 Blows 0 0 3
•Pauline J, 105 .«• Lendrum 3 3 0
• Time. :49^4. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Annie Mildred 105, Havel 105, Wend 105, Miss
'■ Maytie 105. Fontella 105. Miss Gerard' 106. Tul
lulah B US, Miss Grizzell 105 and Minnie
■ Stone 105 also ran. , . .
.■ • Sausalito odds— 4 to 1. 3 to 1 and 10 to 1.
.' Track odds— to 2, IS and 7 to 5 and 15 to 1.
. rFavorite.
." Second race, selling, all ages, six furlongs:
■ : Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Stf! Fin.
Moun'i City, 102 Gllmore 3 3 2111
•Sorrow, 101 ... .Hothersall : 0 0 0 % 2
: Borden. 110 Caywood 0 0.0 3
'Kandazzo. 106 T. Burns 1 2h In 0
Miss Lizzie. 106 Mclntyw 2 lhO 0
Wiggins. 103 ....Harshbergeri 0 0 3 0^
■ Tim*. 1:15. Won handily. Second and third
■ r i)avfzae 107, Aquinas 107, L. T. Caton 107.
■Drersen 10*. Alma Glyn 106. Leonag 101. Sir
Blaze'- 64 and Oralbee 81 also ran.
: Saunalito odds— 6 to 1. 2% to 1 and 3 to 1.
• TrwK odds— and 2 to 1, 5 to 2 and even, and
' 4 to 1. ■■.yStV-t'itr
-.- •Favorite.
. Third race, selling, one mile: '_
/~Name and Wt. Jockeys. V 4.V 4 . V*. V Str.Fln.
Wilson, 96 T. Burns 0 2 121313
Bequeath. S3...Hf>thersall 0 lh 21 21 2
B. Josephine. 88..Houck lh 0 0 0 3
Ben Frost, 93.... Southard 2 0 0 0 0
■Cousin Lixzle, ! A ...Lines 3 0 0 3 0
.•Gold Band. 106. .W. Dean 0 3 3 0 0
Time, 1:4»«4. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
-.Gold. Top 104 left at the post. '
• Sauoallto odds— 2 to 1. 6 to 1 and 12 to 1. '
Track odds— 3 to 1, 7 and 2 to 1. and 15 to 1.
•Favorite. ,"
Fourth race, purse, six furlongs:
" Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. ■%. Str. Fin.
.•*Tlmemaker, ' 110 — T. Burns lh 2 '2 11
. Be True. 74 Watson 0 0 0 2h
. .Verify. 100 Hotheraall 0 0 3.3
.. Miss Verne, 102 ....C. Murphy 2 3 0'- 0
John Boone, 90 Houck 3 in 2 0 :
' Time, 1:14%. Won handily. Second and third
"driving. . ;
" Fireside 102 and Eva Rice 101 also ran.
- Pausallto odds— to 5. 13 to 1 and 4 to 1.
, ■ Track odds— to 5, 20 and 4 to 1 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
'•. Fifth race, handicap, mile and a sixteenth:
, Name and Wt. Jockeys. V,.. Vi. %. Btr. Fin.
Sir Rolla. 98 Lines 0 0 0 3 I*4
Linda. 102 T. Rums 1111 11 lh 2
Pinochle. 94 ......Stevens 3 3 3 2 3 '
•Imp. Skate, 107. Cay wood 0 0 2 0 0
Elkln, .91 Southard 2 2 0 0 0 :
' Time. U4f%. Won driving. Second and third
• -driving.
•■• Sausa'llto odds— 2% to 1, 2H to 1 and Bto 1.
• Track odds— l 3to 5, 7to 2 and even and 10
•to 1. • • • 'r'-.-r'
•' •Favorite.
.Sixth' race, two-year-olds, six furlongs :
[ Name and Wt. Jockeys. St. hi. %. Str.Fln.
•Our Nellie, 98 Lines 2 IS 12 12 lni
•Evelyn Byrd. .Caddy -32. 2H 2 2
. Bessie Ewlng, 94.... May5] 0 0 0 0 3
SKIPPERS OF BECALMED SHIPS AMUSE A WHALE.
The British ships Thornliebank and Mayfield anchored inside the lightship on Tuesday night in a
calm and on Wednesday morning a whale sported about the two vessels. The masters of the two vessels
spent a few hours of the morning shooting at tne sea monster. The whale apparently enjoyed being struck by
the bullets, for it spouted about the vessels until the ship masters gave up the sport.
•Sir Gatlan. 106. T. Burns! 13 3 3 0
Time, 1:15%. Won driving. Second and third
dr jUsi^ Jarboe 95. Mona B 94, Uhler 90 and
Blenheim 85 aleo ran. .
Saomllto odds— 2 to 1, 5 to 1 and 30 to 1.
Track oUde— ll to 6, sto 1 and 9to 5 and 40
to 1.
•Favorite.
SARATOGA RESULTS..
Threatening Weather and Heavy
Track Mar the Sport.
SARATOGA. N. V., Aug. 24.— 0n ac
count of the heavy track and threaten
ing thunder storms there was a light at
tendance at the Saratoga race track to
day. Summaries:
First race, five furlongs:
Tncle Louis. 106 (Irving), 4 to 5 1
Joe Anderson, 106 (Gatewood). 6 to 1 and 8
to 6 -
Flareaway. 100 (Bowers), 5 to 1 3
Time. 1:O&14.
Trianon, La Requerse and Flo W also ran.
Second race, selling, one mile:
Sfjuan. 97 (Forbes). 2 to 1 1
Hums. 99 (Powers). 4 to 1 and 7 to 5 2
Hampden. 94 (Dupee), 8 to 5 3
Time. 1:47 V*.
Marsian and L B alao ran.
Third race, handicap, mile and a quarter:
Wax Toy. 97 fForbes). 2 to 1 1
Manassas, 107 (Irving). 7 to 10 and out 2
Donation. *« (Dupee), 4 to 1 8
Time. 2:14H-
Fourth race, five furlongs:
i Lost Time. 112 (IrvingV 8 to 5 1
Extreme. 112 iHamllton). S to 5 and 1 to 2.... 2
Tyran. 101 iHewitt). S Jo 1 3
Time, 1:05*.
Holdup. Motive and Five o'clock also ran.
Fifth race, one mile:
George B. Cox, 104 (Crowhurst). 5 to 1 1
Bardella, 90 (Powers). T to 10 and out 2
i Dutch Comedian. 104 (Kuhn), 4 to 1 3
Time. 1:46 H.
Ma Angeltna. Premier and Valid also ran.
-•
Harness Racing at Dubuque.
DI'BI'QrE, lowa. Aug. 24.— Three thou
: sand people aaw the third day's races at
Nutwood Park to-day. Weather warm;
track fast. Results:
2:25 pace, purse H'XVj (unfinished)— Miss Log-an
, took third heat and race. Time, 2:08. Lord
R. -ebery and Fanny Putnam also started.
2 IS tmt, purse W6O— Dr. Leek won third.
', fourth and fifth heats. Time, 2:13^. 2:1.'. 2:15.
j Pllatius won first heat. Time, 2:134. Aragonk
w..n second heat in 2 13\. Hazel Kinney. Hfir
! Medium. Robert Lee and Vl<la also started.
218 pace, purse $1000 — Anna Lee won in
i straight heat*. Time. 2:07»4, 2:12 V 2:13. Mc
1 Wilton and Lottt» Smart also started.
2:3'"i trot, purse $1000— SerapKlna won in
' straight heats. Time. 2:16 H. 2:18. 2:16. Dr.
Spellman. Ella Madison. Black Robert, Viioff
< and Onward Silver also started.
Running Events at Anaconda.
ANACONDA. Mont., Aug. 24.— Results:
First race, three and a half furlongs—
N won, Dutch second. Pat Tucker third. Time,
0:43.
Second race, selling, six furlongs— Tammany
won. Chappie second, Montallade third. Time,
1:17*;.
Third race, selling, six furlongs— Tammany
Hall 11. won, Lady Ashley second. Missloner
third. Time. 1:11%
Fourth race, selling, mile and twenty yards-
Charlotte M won. Rapido second. Barracan
third. Time, I:U%.
Fifth race, hurdle, mile and a quarter— P F
won. J O C second, Lord Chesterfield third.
Time, 2:21.
Sixth race. ; selling, five furlongs— Howard
won. Gold Bug second; Roadwarmer third.
Time, 1:04. _
OPPOSED TO AN ALLIANCE.
Stanley Speaks of the Friendship of
England and America.
CHICAGO, Aug. 24.— Henry M. Stanley,
the famous explorer, journalist and au
thor, once an American Citizen and now a
member of the English House of Com
mons, has placed himself on record as op
posed to the Anglo-American alliance. He
recognizes the fact that England and
American are bound together by numer
ous ties and are yearly drawing closer to
gether, but, in spite of that fact, he ad
vises caution and thinks It to the interest
of neither nation to adopt a fettering and
entangling alliance. In a letter to a
friend here he expresses himself as fol
lows:
"My opinion is w*» must not be pre
cipitate. The two nations are gravitating
together, and true friendship cannot be
forced. It is a slow process, requiring
time. If either country were in distress,
that would be the proper time to breathe
more life into that spirit of friendship and
kindness which we know exists and to
bring these reserved and proud peoples
together. But to-day there is no neces
sity for either nation to think practically
about the matter. One is fat and proud,
with the Bank of England and its big
navy. The other Is in a quiver of de
light over Manila and Santiago and the
glorious heroism of Dewey. Schley and
Bhafter. The time 1b not suitable for
speaking of alliance. If you Americans
come out of that continent and take your
share of the Old World's concerns you
will know better what an alliance means."
RUSSIAN HARVESTS FAIL.
In Many Districts the Distress of
Last Year Is Renewed.
LONDON. Aug. 24 —The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Times says: Qreat
uneasiness is felt over the repetition of
last year's failure of the harvest. In
seven districts of the province of Kazan
and largely also in the province of Sa
mara, Sartoff. Simbirsk, Viatka and
Perm, the crops are almost worthless.
Even the landed gentry are beginning to
ask the Government for relief, and the
prospects of a famine an.' most grave.
The Ministers of the Interior and of Fi
nance are sending out agents to make in
quiry and to purchase corn. The Zemst
vos are bestirring themselves to meet the
situation. It is reported that in some dis
tricts the peasantry are breaking Into the
communal granaries and helping them
selves.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— Pensions
have been granted as follows:
California— Original: James N. Mason,
Patton Station, $6. Original widows, etc.
—Flora London, Oakland. |8.
Oregon— Mexican war widows: Eliza A.
Fread, Marion, *8.
The following postmasters for California
wer<=- appointed to-day: Tiburon, Marin
County, J. F. O'Connell. vice Amelia Hay
den, resigned; Toolwass. Kern County. H.
E Stahle. vice J. F. Stanley, resigned.
Convening the Corte^
MADRID, Aug. 24.— The Quoen Regent
! has signed the royal decree convening the
j Cortes for September 5.
THE CRYSTAL, SWIMMING BATHB.
Physicians reconimeid the Crystal warm sea
water rtjb and swimming baths. North Beach.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, AUGUST 25, 1898.
EXTRAVAGANCE OF
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS
Charges Against Officers
Considered.
LIBEL SUIT IS THREATENED
CARTER OF CALIFORNIA BACKED
FOR VICE-CHANCELLOR.
There Will Be a Great Parade of the
Knights of Khorassan in Full
Arabic Costumes, the Most
Unique Yet Held.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aue. 24.— The
Supreme Lodge, Knights of Pythias,
to-day continued work on the charges
of extravagance that have been made
against the supreme officers by some of
the representatives. One of the mem
bers of that committee announced this
morning that he would bring suit for
libel in the United States court for the
District of North Carolina as soon as
he got home.
While a strong fight is being made
against the supreme officers, it is un
derstood that the present officers will
be continued. Ninety votes have been
pledged to Judge Carter of California
for supreme vice chancellor, and in the
event that he cannot be elected, his
strength will be thrown to some one
against Charles E. Chiveley, who is
being pushed for the place by the
Knights "f Indiana.
J. F. Abbott of Massachusetts and J.
A. Turner of Virginia this morning an
nounced themselves as candidates for
major general of the Uniform Rank,
but the indications are that James R.
Carnahan of Indianapolis will be
elected.
A seat in the Supreme Lodge was re
fused this morning to Representative
Berry of Wisconsin on account of the
filing of a written protest that he se
cured his credentials in an irregular
way. He demanded an investigation,
and a committee was appointed for
that purpose.
The major general reviewed the Uni
form Rank at Camp Colgate this aft
ernoon.
The Knights of Khorassan this aft
ernoon re-elected John A. Hinzey of
Chicago imperial prince, W. E. R.
Belding of St. Louis imperial secretary
and H. B. Stolte of Chicago imperial
treasurer.
The laws of the order were amended
so as to create offices for three supreme
past imperial princes, changes were
made in the constitution providing for
the election of alternate delegates, and
there is no requirement now that the
author of the ritual shall be a member
of the order.
The great parade of the Knights of
Khorassan in full Arabic costumes, to
take place to-morrow evening, will be
the largest and most unique of its kind
ever attempted. About 5000 uniformed
men will be in the rank, and the im
perial officers will be escorted by the
First Regiment Indiana Knights of
Uniform Rank.
Supreme Chancellor Colgrove has ap
pointed John H. Alexander of Virginia
and William B. Dole of Massachusetts
supreme tribunals. These appoint
ments are for six years. Representative
Gale succeeds George Seavy of Tennes
see.
At Camp Colgrove to-day the prize
drills began. Companies from Kala
mazoo, Mich.. Alliance. Ohio, and Otta
wa, 111., drilled in class A. The drills
took place at Colby Oval, near Camp
Colgrove, in the presence of several
thousand persons. A cavalry' drill was
put up by the St. Joseph (Mo.) Hus
sars, the only troop entered. The prize
is $500, but it is a question whether
it will be awarded, since there were no
competitors.
At the session of the Rathbone Sis
ters to-day twenty-six past grand
chiefs took the supreme temple degree.
The Knights of Khorassan elected the
following officers to-day: Sublime ven
erable prince, J. M. Stratton, Philadel
phia; imperial prince, John A. Hinzey,
Chicago; imperial bashaw, James G.
Owen, Evansville, Ind.; imperial kadi,
H E. Parker Jr., Galesburg, 111.; im
perial secretary. H. W. Belding, St.
Louis: imperial treasurer, C. A. Fraze,
Garden City. 111.: imperial adool. J. H.
Hess, Sidney, Nebr.; Imperial ifkir, J.
J. Sawyer, Covlngton. Ky.; imperial
trustees, six years, Charles A. Poland,
Columbus, Ohio, four years, H. Schaff
ner, San Francisco.
One of the big social events of the
encampment was the public reception
given to-night in the State Capitol.
Governor Mount and the other State
officers assisted. The attendance waa
large. ____________
KILLED AT A GEORGIA
POLITICAL GATHERING
COLTTMBUS, Ga..Aug. 24.— Hon. Thomas
M. Adams, Democratic nominee for the
Legislature, has been killed at Giles, a
country town In Chattahoochee County.
At a political gathering: a dispute between
Jeff Davis, a negro school teacher. Demo
crat, and William Bagley. Popullgt nomi
nee for the Legislature, precipitated a gen
eral light, in which several shots were
fired. Mr. Adams, a bystander, received
a bullet In the temple and one In the
heart.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1021 Mission.
HAD A WILE
FOB A TARGET
Ship Captains Did Some
Clever Shooting.
IS KEEPING UP THE SEARCH
MR. PAXTON EAGER TO RE
COVER HIS WIFE'S BODY.
The Ex-Pilot Boat Caleb Curtis en
Her Way Here From China
With a Party of Gold-
Hunters.
The supply of Australian coal in this
market was largely augmented yesterday.
Three vessels from Newcastle, N. S. W.,
made port during the day, and two more
put in an appearance. Tuesday night the j
ships Mayneld and Thornliebank were ;
outside, and when the wind fell light they |
were anchored inside the lightship. When '.
the fog lifted in the morning they were
picked up by the tugs Reliance and Res- i
cue and towed into port. Later the bark
Inversnaid hove in sight, but her captain
refused a tow until late in the afternoon.
This left outside the bark Inverurie and
the ship DuchaJburn, and in their com
pany was the American ship Santa Clara,
from Karluk, with a cargo of canned sal
mon, the first of the season. The Thorn
liebank made the best run of the quintet.
She came here from Newcastle in sixty
seven days, while the others were 74, 75,
76 and 78 days.
While the Thornliebank and Mayneld
were lying at anchor on the bar yesterday
morning Captains Mcßrlde and Phllllpps
had some target practice with a gray
back whale for a target. They got fifteen
or twenty bullets into the mammal, but
it seemed rather to enjoy the sensation.
Captain Mcßride claims an acquaintance
ship of nearly two years with the whale.
When the Thornliebank was being built
In Scotland a whale visited the shipyard
In which she was lying on the stocks.
Captain Mcßride was superintending the
construction of the vessel, and he and a
dozen others thought it would be a good
joke to lassoo the whale. A steel hawser
was passed over the mammal's dukes and
then made fast to a pile. Now, this pile
was the main support of some staging on
which stood Captain Mcßride and his
friends. With a swish of its mighty tail,
away went the whale and away
went the pile and splash went Cap
tain Mcßride and his friends into the
waters of the Clyde. Their rescue took
some time, and when they collected their
senses whale, hawser and pile were gone.
Captain Mcßride will not vouch for the
pile, but he asserts that the whale which
visited the Thornliebank yesterday morn
ing had something fast to his flukes, and
he believes it is the one that paid his ship
a visit when she was on the stocks two
years ago.
The launch Amy was out all of yes
terday with Charles E. Paxton and Hen
ry Peterson aboard, searching for the
body of Mrs. Paxton, who was drowned
a week ago yesterday by the overturn
ing of the Scandla's launch. Yesterday
morning the bereaved husband patrolled
the entire water front in the Amy and
went as far south almost as Baden.
During the afternoon he went over to
Goat Island and from there to the Berke
ley flats. No one in San Francisco knows
the bay better than Henry Peterson, so
that every current and eddy that would
move the body will be followed system
atically. It will therefore only be a mat
ter of time when the remains will be re
covered.
The ex-pilot boat Caleb Curtis is on her
way back to this coast. She is on her
way to Alaska with a party of gold
hunters from Hongkong, and is to stop
here on her way north. On July 9 she
put into Yokohama for water and sailed
again two days later. The Curtis was a
well-known pilot boat on the bar years
ago. and was once wrecked on Point Bo
nita. A few years ago she was sold, and
some parties here fitted her out as a
sealer. She went over to the coast of
Japan and made a fair catch, but her
captain not only sold It but also the ves
sel and then disappeared. The Curtis
was in Hongkong when the captain sold
her and there she remained until Cap
tain Whistler, late of the Northern Pa
cific Company's steamer Tacoma, secur
ed and fitted her out for a voyage to the
Klondike.
Captain Slater has been appointed mas
ter of the bark General Falrchild vice
Captain Brannon, resigned.
A BUILDING OF THEIR OWN.
The College of Physicians and Sur
geons Will Erect Their Own
Structure.
The College of : Physicians and Sur
geons will soon be ensconced in their own
building. A committee has been appoint
ed to make -. Investigations on buildings
suitable : for a medical college and report
to the faculty of the college. Dr. J. R.
Lalne who is now in- the East gathering
material and ■ studying laboratories .-■ and
the general ■*. construction of medical
buildings, will return In a few weeks and
send •In his report tto " the committee on
buildings. The • site on Valencia street
which was at first chosen for . the new
building is not positively S selected. . Sev
eral plans of buildings have been present
ed but none as yet has been ' accepted. ■■■; It
is expected that by the ' new year the
College of Physicians and Surgeons will
be housed in a building that will ,be their
own. "~ / ";": "- : '■■—-;• '•'-''.'-'/-': 'j\ "'. ■• '■■ \
Asthma, Catarrh cure guarant'd. Dr.
Gordln, Sanitarium. 514 Pine. nr. Kearny.S. F.Cal.'
- ,•/-.... __ « * ■ — : -:'- -■■-■.
Why They Were Absent.
The family of the late Dr. John F.
Morse wishes It stated that there were
private funeral services at the home at 9:30
a. m. Tuesday, conducted by Dr. Cook of
Trinity Church, and that It was felt that
the strain of the public Masonic services
later In the day could not be undergone.
Hence the absence of members of the
doctor's family. The remains of Dr.
Morse were cremated at Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
SWINDLED BY
HIS ATTORNEY
Miser P. Cunningham
as Prosecutor.
LAWYER COMYNS DEFENDANT
RECEIPT FOB BAIL MONEY
STOLEN AND CASHED.
Comyns Is Arrested on the Charge
of Petty Larceny
by Trick and
Device.
Attorney E. M. Comyne was arrested
yesterday afternoon by Corporal Gei
tnann on a warrant charging him with
petty larceny by trick and device.
The complaining witness is Peter Cun
ningham, the old miser who was sen
tenced on Monday by Judge Conlun to
six months in the County Jail for va
grancy. Cunningham gave notice of ap
peal, and Tuesday was released on giv
ing $50 cash bail. When he got back his
property from the property clerk he dis
covered that the receipt for his bail
money of $50, which he had deposited for
his release on August 17, was missing, and
further inquiry showed that the receipt
had been presented by Comyns to Clerk
Rivers of Judge Conlan's court, who gave
him an order on the Treasurer for the
amount.
Cunningham notified Captain Seymour
of the facts, and acting under the cap
tain's advice he yesterday swore to the
warrant for Comyns' arrest. His bonds
were fixed at $300. An attempt was made
to get Judge Joachimsen to release him
on nis own recognizance, but it failed,
and Comyns had to remain in the cell
along with other prisoners.
Cunninghams statement is that Com
yns spoke to him in the dock last week
and promised that he would get the
charge against him dismissed for a fee
of $10. Cunningham, accompaniea by an
officer, went to the xiibernla Bank and
drew $60— $10 for Comyns' fee and $50 for
his ball. Comyns advised him to give his
bank books into his custody for safety,
and in an envelope in one of the Dank
books was the receipt for the $50 bail
money and the receipt from Comyns for
his $10 fee. Chief Lees last Saturday
compelled Comyns to return to Cunning
ham his bank books, and they were given
into the custody of the property clerk.
Meantime Comyns had abstracted the re
ceipt for the bail money and had present
ed it to Clerk Rivers, receiving the
amount from the Treasurer.
It was principally owing to Comyns
treatment of a client named O'Malley
that Captain Seymour issued the order
some months ago preventing attorneys
from entering the prison except when
sent for by a prisoner. O'Malley was
charged with failure to provide and bat
tery upon his wife, and arter Comyns got
all" the money possible out of him he
dropped him. Comyns was also arrested
recently for battery upon Flora St. Clair.
a woman who accused him of getting all
her money on the promise of marriage
and then refusing to have anything to do
with her. ,
A "MIDDLE MAN" CATJGHT.
Shew Tong Charged With Conspiring
to Land Immigrants Illegally.
Officials from the Chinese Bureau cap
tured Shew Tong, a Chinese cook, yes
terday afternoon, and think they have
sufficient evidence to convict him of con
spiring to land Immigrants Illegally.
Shew Tong cooks for a restaurant
which has the contract for feeding Chi
nese held for examination, and as he car
ries the food into them he has always
had free access to the building where
they are quartered. His movements have
been closely watched for some time, and
yesterday afternoon he was arrested Just
as he was about to enter the building.
When searched he was found to have a
number of papers with the questions that
would be asked the coolies when brought
up for investigation, and the proper an
swers to make, together with the evi
dence given by witnesses who have al
ready been examined.
Bebecka C. Meyn's Will.
The will of Rebecca C. Meyn. who died
on the 12th inst., leaving an estate valued
at $10,000. was filed for probate yesterday.
The entire estate was bequeathed to Peter
Henry Mqyn. a son of the testatrix, to
hold in trust for the purpose of paying
off mortgages and taxeß and to improve
the realty and to pay the husband of de
ceased, Peter Meyn. $20 monthly during
his life and to divide the residue of the
income between himself and his brother,
William Meyn. At the death of the sons
and husband of the testatrix the estate
is to be divided equally among their heirs.
Guilty of Contempt.
Daniel J. Brennan was adjudged guilty
of contempt of court by Judge Seawell
yesterday, because of his failure to pay
Lllla Brennan alimony In accordance with
an order of court. Brennan was sentenced
to imprisonment in the County Jail until
such time as he paid alimony in the sum
of $40. He was granted a stay of execu
tion of two days In order to give him an
opportunity to get the money.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver 6,000,000 Boxes
FOB BILIOUB AND NEEVOUS DISOBDEBS
euoh as Wind and Pain in tho Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness, Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIBST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHA9TB PIIXS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or Irregiilflritlos of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARGEST SALE
•f any Patent Medicine In the World.
35c. at all Drug Store*.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
FOR BOYS-LIMITED.
Large corps ot teachers. Superior home ac-
commodations. Next term opens August 9.
IESB.
IRA O- HOITT. Ph. D.. PrlnainaJL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dewey Americanizing the Philippines. Q
H Wherever Battle Ax goes it pacifies and satisfies g
H everybody — and there are more men chewing §
© to-day than any other chewing tobacco ever made.
® The popularity of Battle Ax is both national
s& and international. You find it in Europe : — you
H find it in Maine: — you find it in India, and you'll ||
Q find it in Spain (very soon). N
0 Our soldiers and sailors have already taken it to d
® Cuba and the Philippines ! Are you chewing it ?
| pemember the name |
4 b \ when you buy again. I
*jA. j^^ tVI
#^if Cam
rTV^*vf*^Jand TUMOR
•J M M WeSsi&&!r^ NO- KNIFE"or PAIN
j^ £Cr^ : "^^fflllPiiL "" Pay Until Cured
■ HBmBShB l#i Anylamp In a wrm»n"»
VEO Es 'iSSi&ncixiHcJl brea»t cancer. T'ae poi-
cS-v^-T ■'i?; "5-! *° quickly goes to •rm-
Bfc^T.'ljji^ . pit. If large it 1b too late.
<Jsf?Css? "' *" |^^^^ Men's face and lip a com-
#| I •o-Pigi Boo* sent free
I M ■ .-- A m with hundreds of
'^Jjgt—^^'' of honest cores. NoFbacd.
B.R.CHAMIEY, M. D., 17 & I7Thipo St.. HR Mmn St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER :
A SOLDIER CURED!
CAMP MERRITT.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 9. 1893.
DR. PIERCE A SON— Gentlemen: Last Oc- .
tober, while at Fort Bliss. El Paso, Texas, I
sent for one of your famous "Dr. Pierces Elec- ;
trie Belts," for Rheumatism, etc., and after ]
using It only two months my complaints en- i
tirely disappeared arid I have not been troubled !
with any pain or discomfort since. I consider
your Belt to be the finest body-battery in ex- j
istence as the electric current Is both powerful ;
and lasting. I purchased your No. XXX Belt, .
and now, after using It several months, it Is ,
as good as new.
I heartily recommend Dr. - Plerce's Electric ,
Belt to all sufferers. Yours gratefully,
JOHN P. ANDERSON,
Co. H. ISth Infantry, . U. S. Army.
try Buy no Belt till you see Dr. Pierces .
Write for our new "Book No. 2." which gives i
price list and tells all about It. or call on the j
F»IERCI= ELECTRIC CO.
620 Market St., opposite Palace Hotel, S. F.
po&oooooooooooooog
gw PALACE w l
•GRAND "<>IMkM%
" bah FttAnctsco. q
" Connected by a covered passageway. }f
O 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. » j
0 All Under On* Management. O
A ' MOTS THE PRICKS: O
X European Pl»n.fl.OO per day and upward ft
D American P1an. 93.00 per day and upward V*
A '.' Corretpondtnca Bolloited. . O I
X- V JOHX 0. KISKPAT&IOK. Uas&gtf. Q !
00 o o 00000 00 0 00 oooq
A young lady of my acquaintance in St. Louis was
foT a long time a chronic sufferer from dyspepsia. She
used to make use of a mixture prepared by the druggist
where the family traded, but one time when the supply
was exhausted and she was absent from home and had
not a copy of the prescription with her, she was at a losa
to know what to do and I recommended her to make
trial of Ripans Tabules. She purchased some and was so
greatly benefited by their use that she has been a regulaf
customer and a walking advertisement for them ever sinca
r I I TZ - ha 1* pV -- k r* C/* 1*
I^^ Perfect
V^^^TWi^ y^ I ITT IfVIQ
Spectacles&Eye Glasses
WT.CWN^>^^T W .
v 642 Market St. imstrument3l
o^dis cmwide soiibihc
MADE ME A MAN
" ■•^gj» AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURB
ft/7 ""1 ; JLJLL Nervous Diseases— Failing Jlem-
vx "■ » A or 7, Impotency, Sleeplessness, etc.. ceased
W •\\ by Abase or other Excesses and India*
x .as , crations. They quickly ana surtlv
'" \ '■•v restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
>g^g^. fit a man foretady, business or marriage.
•^g^*-^gg|> Prevent Insanity and. Consnmpticn. if
taken in time. Their nse «tow» immediate improTe-
mentand effects a CURE where all other fail In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajax Tablets. They
have cured thousands and wil 1 cure you. We rive a pos-
itive written gnarrintee to effort a care Eft pTQ ia
each case or refuad the money. Price W MI Wi per
package; or six pkges (fall treatment) for 12.50. - By
mail, in plain wrapper, npon receipt of price. Circular
-^ AJAX REMEDY CO., .HssgTlit 1 *
For sals In Baa Franotsoo by Ijelpnita A C<v.
tU Butter. No-P«rcentj«* Pbarmacy. Ml Ittb
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific unto
' for the sexual . and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th«
kidneys ; and bladder. ■ A great Restorative.
: Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
- SABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents, •
823 Market street. S. F.— iSend for Circular.)
i«gf§Da. BALL'S REINVIGORATOB
«g!?^a* Five hundred reward for any casa
3233 WSSs we cannot cure. This secret remed/
it 13 stops all losses In 24 hours, cure*
tfaaf nS Emissions. Impotency, Varlcoceie.
fTT 1 r^Tt Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits, Strictures.
liihi ik'Ul Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
<^ "5 I^^B fects of self-abuse or excesses Sent
I EsSISReESD sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. »6; guar-
j anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
! STITUTE 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
I for sale at 1073^ Market St.. 8. F. All prl-
■ vat* diseases quickly cured. Send for f re* book.
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower.
■Wheat again declined
Other Grains very dull.
Receipts of Hay continue to dlminlsli.
■White Bean* very firm.
Potatoes and Vegetables plentiful.
Butter, Cheese and Egps unchanged.
Another car of Eastern Poultry sold.
Bartlett Pears very scarce.
Grapes slow of sale.
Prunes continue to drag.
Other Dried Fruits firm.
No change in Provisions.
Meat Market stands the same.
Nothing doing In Wool.
EXPORTS OF SALM' IN.
Exports of Salmon from this port during the
first seven months of the year ™*™'"°
a ,aiLrvk;^.,:^ k ":r-^ac^ &&■
722 for the same time In ■ "■'■■
WEATHER RKPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Auk. 24. •' p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in CaUl ■■•!-, m to-day.
Eureka. ">■ Fresno. 100: I*" 1 * Angeles, >:. Red
Bluff. 98 San Luis Oblspo. ™- :-.::!' logo, T4:
Sacramento 96- Independence. 90; \uina. SS.
San^Franclsco data-Maximum temperature.
62; minimum, 53: mean. 58. ,„_ ,„.._„ . T
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is highest oil the coast of Cali
fornia and lowest In Southeastern California
and Southern Nevada It is rising rapidly over
' 'The "temperature has risen slight^ in all dis
tricts except on the coast j of Oregon and
Washington. The greatest rise is in Kastern
• Washington and Eastern Oregon. The tem
peratures In the interior of California are from
o to 12 degrees above the normal. Vovn(ln
The weather is cloudy over Northern Nevada
and along the Washington coast. Elsewhere
fl J\>re^£rt Unade at "san Francisco for thirty
■ hours ending midnight, August 25. IS9S.
••- Northern California-Fair Thursday;., brisk
California-Fair Thursday; fresh
northwest wind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday; cooler.
■ . Utah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday. iljili,
San Francisco and vicinity— Thursday.
• except partly cloudy in the morning; brisk
west wind In the afternoon.
Special from Mount Tamalpals— Clear, wind
■ west, 10 miles: temperature, 75; maximum tem
perature, so. g h WILLSON . Observer
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— There was several
quite important elements of positive strength ;
In the stock market to-day, but the preponder- |
• cting influence of several features and the very I
heavy profit taking by large holders of leading
■•' -stocks nullified them. The last prices were In
nearly all cases below those of last night. The I
London market followed yesterday's New York I
" weakness and affected the opening here, caus- ;
ing declines in some of the Internationals. The
" Grangers made a strong opening In spite of J
selling for London' account on account of the |
high level of earnings disclosed by St. Paul's
statement for the third week in August. The
Increased movement of grain in the Northwest,
which has weakened wheat for the last few
days, is probably reflected in those earnings,
■which were $33,338 In excess of last year and
over $14 00 in excess of the high level for the
corresponding period in 1892. The grain move
ment, though augmented, is not yet up to last
year's profit by the people of the West. The
sharp advance in the Grangers at the opening, ;
due to the buying by commission houses and ;
bidding up of prices by traders, resulted only ]
■ in bringing very heavy offers to realize. There ,
was change of speculative interest from St.
Paul and the Grangers into some of the low I
priced stocks with dividend prospects. Northern
Pacific was most conspicuous In this class and
was absorbed In enormous blocks, closing at
the top at an advance of 1%. Union Pacific
sympathized in a less degree, but the preferred
stocks in neither case were largely taken. Ru- '
mors of an agreement to arbitrate the war !
with the Canadian Pacific helped to impart
strength to the transcontinental roads.
. There was marked strength in some of the
speculative bonds to-day, but prices reacted to
some extent in sympathy with the later weak
ness in stocks. Total sales, $4,210,000.
United States 4s advanced 1 per cent and the ,
Bs, when issued, declined % in the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 512,100 ;
shares. including 10.SS0 Atchlson preferred. 17,- ■
970 Burlington. 46,458 Manhattan, 4510 Metro- \
politan, 6030 Missouri Pacific. 60,000 Northern
Pacific, 13.225 do preferred. 15,000 Rock Island.
! 12.150 Union Pacific, 22,150 do preferred, 43.555
St. Paul. 16,000 Texas Pacific. 7770 Cotton Oil.
15.520 Chicago Great Western, 41,140 People's
Gas, 4559 Rope and Twine, 14, 550 Sugar, 6350
Leather preferred, 3425 Western Union.
CLOSING STOCKS.
•Atchison 13% St P & Om 83%
Do pref d 36% Do pref d 154
. Baltimore a Ohio 16 St P M 4 M 170
i Canada Pacific .. 84% So Pacific 22
.Canada Southern. 54V» So Railway 9%
•;" Central Pacific .. 17% Do prefd 33%
Ghes & Ohio 23% Texas & Pacific. 16
Chi & Alton 153. Union Pacific .... 28%
'Chi B& Q 117*4 Do prefd .... 64%
•.Chi & E 111 60% U P D & G 4% I
"C C C & St L 42% Wabash 7%
•Do prefd 56% Do "refd 21% I
.. Del & Hudson... 109 Wheel ALE.... 1%
•'Del L & W 152% Do prefd 11%
Den & R G 13% Express Companies-
Do prefd 53% Adams Ex 106
Erie (new), 14% American Ex 134
Do Ist prefd 37% United states 41
. Fort Wayne 172 Wells Fargo 118
" Gt Nor nrefd 138 Miscellaneous
.Hocking Valley... 5 A Cot Oil 37%
...Illinois Central .. 111% Do prefd 89
. Lake Erie & W.. 18% Amn Spirits 14%
. Do prefd 77 Do prefd 39%
• Lake Shore ■ 192% Am Tobacco ..... 139%
• Louis & Nash.... 68% Do prefd 132
•Manhattan L .... 94% People's Gas 104%
■ ■ Met St Ry 165% Cons Gas 185
■ Mich Central .... 107% Com Cable C 0..... 170
Minn & St L.... 27% Col F & Iron 24%
Do Ist prefd 90 Do prefd 75
"Mo Pacific 36% Gen Electric 40%
• Mobile & 0hi0.... 28 Illinois Steel 69%
Mo It & T.. 12 Laclede Gas 63
'. Do prefd 36% Lead 35%
. Chi Ind & L 9% Do Drefd 114
-. Do prefd 33 Nat Lin Oil 6%
X J Central 93 Haw Com Co 27
. NY Central 118% Pacific Mail 34%
N V Chi &St L.. 14 Pullman Palace... 187
Do Ist prefd 70 Silver Certificates 59%
•- Do 2d prefd 36 Stand R & T 73
Nor West 15% Sugar 141
No Amer Co 6% Do nrefd 115
• No Pacific 38% T C & Iron 32%
Do prefd 76% U S Leather " 7%
Ontario & W 16% Do prefd 73
Or R & Nay 5.9% U S Rubber " 45%
Or Short Line...-. 33 Do prefd 105%
Plttsburg 169 West Union 94%
i Reading 19% C & N W 135%
Do Ist prefd 45 Do prefd ........ 176
Rock Island ..... 105% St L & S W 5%
ISt Louis & S F... 8% Do prefd 13%
Do Ist prefd 67% R G W 31
Do 2d prefd.... 34% Do prefd 67
St Paul 112% Chi G W 16%
Do prefd 157 Brooklyn R T.... 66%
CLOSING BONDS.
V S new 4s reg.. 128 N J C 65.... 114%
Do coup 128 N Carolina 65.... 125
.US 4s 112 Do 4s 102
Do coup 111% No Pac lsts 113
Do 2ds 98 Do 3s ........... 66%
U S 5s reg 112 Do 4s 100%
Do Si coup 113 NYC& St L 4s- 106%
• District 3.65s 117 Nor & W .««....... 122
Ala class A 108 North cans. 141 1
■Do B 100 Do deb 5s 119
Do C 90 O Nay lats 114
'.. • Do Currency ... SO O Nay 4s 100%
' Atchison 4s ..:... 95% O S Line 6s tr 127%
■ "Do adj 4s 73 OS Line 5s tr.... 107%
' Can So 2ds 109% Pacific 6s of 95... 102%
Chi Term 4s 90 Reading 4s 83%
C & Ohio 55....... 116 R G W lsts ...... 91
C II & D 4%s 104% St L & I M C ss. 99%
D & R G lsts.... 111% St L & S F G 68. 120%
D & R O 4s 98% St P Con...'. 156%
East Term lsts... 106% St P C & P lste.. 120
Erie Gen 45....... 74% Do 6s 117
F W & D lsts tr. 78% So Railway 58.... 98%
Gen Elec 55....... 108 Stand R & T 65.. 75
G H & S A 6s 105 Term new set 35.. i 93
Do 2ds 105 Tex PL G lsts... 107
II &T C 55....... 111% Do Rg 2ds.. 48%
Do con 6s 108% Union Pac -4*8.....' 98%
lowa C 15t5....... 104 UPD & G lsts.. 79
*La new cons 45.. 103 Wab Ist 68....... 112
L & N Urn 45.... 74% Do 2d 89%
Missouri 6s 100 W Riore 4s 109
MX & T 2ds. 65 Va Centuries ...-. 76
Do 4s 90% Do deferred ....-8%
N V Central lsts.' lls% I Win Cent lsts.... 62%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 121 Ontario 3 60
Crown Point 08 Ophir 20
Con Cal & Va... 30 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 30 Quicksilver 1 25
Gouid & Curry... 10 Do prefd 350
Hale & Norcross. 75 Sierra Nevada ... ' 52
Homestake ....... 43 00 Standard ......... 160
Iron Silver SO Union Con 15
Mexican 10 Yellow Jacket ... 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. . .
Money— Do prefd 67%
Call loans 2@3 Boston L ...' .68%
Time loans ......... 3<!j4 E E 111in0i5....... 185
Stocks — ■ ' ■"■•-.';■--"•' ' Gen Elec prefd... 97
A T & 8 F 13% Atchison prefd ... 86%
Amer Sugar 141 Bonds-
Do prefd 115% Atchlson ie ....... -94%
Bell Telephone ... 283 New England 65.. 113
Boston & Albany. 240 Mining Shares-
Boston & Maine.. 165% Allouez Mm Co.. 4%
Chi Bur & Q..... 117% Atlantic 28
Fltchburg 104 ! Boston & Mont.. 225
Illinois Steel ..... 70 Butte & Boston., 24%
Mexican Central..' 6 Calumet & Hecla. 600
NY & N Eng.... 98 Centennial IST%
Old Colony ....'...195 j ! Franklin .......... 14 <
Or Short Line.... ■33 Osceola .. ..... r.7%
Rubber ■ •• iLi Qulncy i. .119
Union Pacific .... 23% Tamarack ........ 174
West End 87 Wolverine ........ 26%
Do m-efd ........ 105 Old Dominion 28%
Westlnghouse , El. 31% •
LONDON MARKET.
iraw: YORK, Aug. • 24.— Evening Post" a
Ixindon financial cablegram cays: The stock
markets here were irregular to-day, but had a
good tone, especially for Investment stocks, the
cnttnued absence of gold exports to New York
having the effect of easing the money market.
Americans opened dull on New York prices and
stock was sold here, but the market shows con
siderable strength and it is believed that the
next settlement will not show much of a bull
account here. Grand Trunk was higher, the
truffle receipts being better than had been
anticipated.
There was a sharp rise In Spnnish 4s to 42Vs
on Paris support and the rise in Spanish ex
change on London, which has for the moment
checked the Spanish buying in silver.
De lloers mines were again flat.
The new rupee loan offered to-day In India
was a little over applied for, the average price
of the nllotment, 94-v 4 , being Vi above the
minimum.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. R7Vi; Grand Trunk. "%: Bar
.Silver, nominal. 27 13-16 d; Money. % per cent.
Bnr Silver, flat, 27^id per ounce. The decline
was due to the absence of demand from Spain.
PARIS. Aug. 24.— Spanish 4s closed to-day at
41. M\ against 41.(10, the final price yesterday.
MADRID, Aug. 24.— Spanish 4s closed to-day
at 67.70. Gold was quoted at 65.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Aug. 24.— FLOUR— Receipts.
15.43S Karrrls; exports, 12.59S barrels: <iulet and
a shade easier without quotable change.
fI'HK AT— Receipts, 32.375 bushels; exports,
9700 bushels. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 74(g Y 74V J c
f. it. b. afloat to arrive; 75c f. o. b. afloat spot.
Options— barely . steady under disap
pointing cables, but were rallied by a fair cash
demand and the rains In the Northwest. Near
the close, however, realizing set In and supple
mented by light port trade left final prices %@
2c net lower later on August. No. - red Au
gust. 72@73Vjc, closed 73c.
HOPS— Quiet.
COFFEE— Options opened and closed steady;
prices, 5&20 points higher. Sales, 49.000 bags,
including September $5 65@5 70. Spot Rio— Firm;
No. 7 invoice, 6Hc; No. 7 Jobbing. 6%; mild,
firm; Cordova, salsc.
SUGAR— Raw. strong, held higher. Fair re
fining, 3 11-16; centrifugal, '96 test. 4 6-16; re
lined strong.
METALS- market for metals as
compared with that of the last few days was a
signal disappointment. .Some departments were
positively neglected, while quotations in gen
eral were practically without change from those
current at the close last nicht. There was
nothing In the news to materially influence
sentiment locally. At the close the Metal Ex
change called: •
PlGlßON— Warrants unchanged, with $6 tO
bid and $6 75 asked.
LAKE Unchanged, with $12 15 bid
and $12 25 asked.
TlN— Dull, with $16 10 bid and $16 20 asked.
LEAD—Unchanged. with $4 10 bid and $4 124
asked. The firm naming the settling price for
lead for the Western miners and smelters con
tinues to quote lead $3 90.
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $4.70 bid ana
$4 SO aeked.
BUTTER— 5687 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 14%@19c; Elgins, 19c; fac
tory. ll<??14c. if; «
EGGS— Receipts. 6929 packages. Steady;
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— California Dried
Fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6jfTSo:
prime wire tray. 9c; choice. 9^c; fancy. 9*t@loc.
APRICOTS— «oya] ll@13c: Moorpark. 13@16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7#9e; peeled, 12@loc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Aug. 24.— Liverpool market.
Instead of showing sympathy with yesterday's
strength here, was lower by %d for September
and %d for December. That was the principal ;
reason for a slight decline here at the start. |
The depression did not last long, and In a short
lime from the opening the market became |
quite strong. September rising %c above the ;
previous day's closing price. London reported i
good demand for cargoes on passage and that
helped things a little, but the chief reason for
the strength that bo quickly succeeded the first
decline was the nervousness of September
shorts on account of small stocks here and the
slight prospect for their speedy increase. Ad
vices from the spring wheat region favored the
expectation of continued liberal receipts. Some
reports were to the effect that the results of
threshing were disappointing, but such reports
did not disturb the general impression that a
spring wheat crop had been raised exceeding
the crop of any former season. The firmness
in futures was well maintained until the Paris
and Antwerp markets reported for the day.
Paris reported November and February wheat
SO centimes, or equal to 4%c a bushel, lower i
and Antwerp showed a loss of l%e a bushel. ■
\ September broke on the weakness abroad, but |
firmed up a fraction Just before ■ the close. !
I September left off %c lower and December de-
I clined %c on the day.
Corn at the start acted In a way to make
glad the hearts of the bulls and then turned
around and rended them. The early advance i
was due to heavy buying on damage reports |
from Kansas and Nebraska. Later when these j
reports were denied the tumble left the closing
prices at the low point of the day, with a loss !
of %4j%c for September.
The firmness of oats was attributed to re
ports of considerable damage to that grain
from the heavy rains. September left off un- |
changed to %c higher.
Provisions ruled strong because of the disap
pointingly small run of hogs. Packers bought
heavily of lard and ribs. Pork closed 5c lower,
lard gained 2%(&5c and ribs rose sc.
j The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August 67% 67% 67 67
September 63% 64% 63 63%
December 61% 62% 61% 61%
May 63% 64% 63% 63
Corn No. 2—
August 30% 30% 29% 29%
September 30% 30% .29% 29%
December 30% 30% 29% 29%
May 32% 32% 32 32
Oats No. 2—
September 19% 20% 19% 19%
May 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
September 9 05 9 05 8 85 8 90
October 8 90 8 90 8 85 8 87%
December 9 00 905 8 85 8 92%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September 5 12% 517 610 610
October .....: 520 '6 20 '6 15 515
December ..5 22% 625 6 17% 5 17%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September ..6 17% 5 17% 5 12% 515
October 5 17% 520 515 6 17%
Cash quotations were as follows: . Flour,
weak; No. 2 Spring Wheat, . 63@64c; No. 3
Spring Wheat, 61%@G6; No. 2 Red, 68c; No.' 2
Corn, 30%@31c: No. 2 Oats, 20%#20%cb; No. 2
White, 23%@24%c; No. 3 White, 22%@23%c; No.
2 Rye, 42%@44c; No. 2 Barley. 34-8450; No. 1
Flaxseed, 88% c; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 52%;
Mess Pork, per bbl. $8 90@S 95; Lard, per 100
lbs. $6 10i65 In; Short Ribs, sides (loose), $5 16#
5 40; Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed), 4%@4%c;
Short Clear Sides (boxed), $5 65<&'5 70.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour,- bu l«, 100 8,300
Wheat, bu 21,000 6,500
Corn, bu 686,500 470.800
Oats bu 671,200 133,100
Rye, bu •• 17,300 .......
Barley, bu 7,800 56,700
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market wail firm; creameries, 13@17c; dairies,
12@17c; Egge, firm; fresh, 12c.
WHEAT MOVEMENT.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis ...'.254,250 69,130
Duluth ....•• 128,377 18,299
Milwaukee 35,750 1,950
Chicago... 211,050 6,544
Toledo ........124.200 - 64,000
St Louis 40,000 6,000
Detroit ••••- * 2 - 6 *° 8,860
Kansas City .............. 110,000 46,500
Totals ..........: 946,267 199,783
Tidewater— • -
Boston ; 47,102 64.653
New York 32,375 . 9,705
Philadelphia 21.851 21,689
Baltimore 90,736 80.000
New Orleans '..' .......
Oalveston ■................:..... 60.088
Totals .........252.152 • 176.047.
LIVERPOOL . FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 7% 5 3%
Closing • 5 6% 63 ,
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— * A.ug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening •-••50 65 43 55
Closing &0 50 44 00
Flour — ••,. . ' r .
Opening 22 25 ,20 45
Closing .......21 45 20 63
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. 24.— CATTLE— Trade In Cat
tle to-day was fairly active at generally steady
prices. Choice steers, $5 30@5 70; medium, $4 SO
@5; beef steers, $4 25@4 75;. stockers and feed
ers, $3 30@4 75; bulls. $2 65@4; cows and | heif
ers, $3 60@4 45; calves, . $4<g>7 25; Eastern range
steers, $3@4 85; fed Western • steers, $4 20@5 60 ;
Texans, $3 Eo@s 30.
HOGS— Were s@loc- higher. Fair to choice,
$3 96<g'4 12%; packers,' $3 30@4'12%; ■ butchers',
$3 7045 4 10; mixed. $3 70@4 10; light. $3 Ss@4 10;
pigs, $3@3 95. v ■ ; ■ ■ •
. SHEEP— of Sheep were much ■ more
moderate than looked for, but prices were not
.generally encouraging.. Poor to choice- natives,
$3@4 75; Western range sheep, $4@4 30; common
to prime lambs. $4<S6 25: choice natives, $0.
Reoelpts-Cattle, 14,000; Hogs, 18,000; Sheep,
11,000. . .. ' ■■:, • • -
KANSAS CITY. '
KANSAS CITY. Aug. 24.— Receipts,
8000. Market steady to strong. Native steers, $3
@5 40; • cows ' and heifers, $1 25@4 50; f stockers
and feeders. $3@4 88 :> bulls. *2 Go@4.^ .
Receipts. 8000. Market 6<3Uoe higher;
active. Bulk of sales, $3 7S@3 90; heavies, $3 85®
--: -i - ' ■ " ■ - - -■---.- ■' .-: . ...•■ . i
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, AUGUST 25, 1898^
3 96: packers. $3 7003 90; mixed,' $3 65@3 87%;
lights, $3 55@3 77%; yorkers, $2 75<g>3 77%; pigs.
$3f«3 75. ■ ,
SHEEP— Receipts.' 3000. ' Market steady.
Lambs. $3 sOps 90; muttons. $3@4 15. -
OMAHA. .
OMAHA, Aug. 24.— CATTLE— 3900.
Market slow to 5© 10c lower. Native beef
steers, $3 6006 05: Western beef steers. $3 90®
4 70; cows and heifers, $3 30fn>4 30: canners, $1
$73; strikers and feeders, $3 80@4 75; bulls and
stag's, $2 25«?3 80.
HOGS— Receipts, . 0300. Market s@loc higher.
Heavy, S3 7501 90; light, $3 70*33 SO; bulk of
sales, $3 75@3 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3SOO. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives, $3 80®4 65; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 60@4 30; common, $3@4; lambs, $4
(ifj 75.
■;-.fT. '-ii 'DENVER. [) > :>-H,-V7: >-H,-V7
DENVER. Colo., Aug. CATTLE—Re
ceipts. SOO. Market strong. Beef steers, $3 80©
4 50; cows, $2 50@3 85; feeders, freight paid to
river, $3 So@-4 60; stockers. freight paid to river,
$3 756-4 50: bulls, stags, etc.. $2 500-3 25.
Receipts. 600. Market 5o higher; firm.
Lighe packers, $3 80®3 S5; mixed. $3 75@3 80;
heavy, $3 60@3 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— California fruit sold
to-day: Pears— Bartlett. $1 3501 45; half boxes,
80c@$l 05; Lawrence, $18502 4.'.. Grapes—Ma
lagas. $115; Tokays, $125. Prunes—Hun
garian. 90c(65l 45; Gros, 75<??95c.
CHICAGO, Aug. 24.— California fruit sold to
day: Grapes— Tokays, $2 50 per single crate.
Pears— Bartlett. $1 7."fr7 210 per box. Prunes-
Silver, 65c@$l 35 per single crate; Gros. 65c@
»1 35. Peaches — Early Crawfords, 75©S0c per
box; Late Crawfords. 55®75c. Plums— Egg. Etc
per single crate.' Nectarines — 60c per single
crate.
NEW YORK. Aug. 24— The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned California fruit to-day at open
auction, realizing the following prices:
Bartlett Pears— $1 35@2 45, average
$1 90: half- boxes. 80c ft' $1 05. average 92c: Law
rence Pears, $1 85@2 45, average $1 97. Grapes-
Malagas, 75c@$l 15. average — 04; Tokays, $1 26.
Prunes— Hungarian. • Wc&sl 45. average $1 13:
Gros, 75@95c, , average 80c. Weather very hot.
Fifteen cars sold.
CHICAGO, Aug. 24.— Earl Fruit" Com
pany auctioned California fruit to-day at the
following prices: Grapes— Malagas, 90c(i?$l 10,
average $1 01. Weather cool. Four cars sold.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 24.— The Earl Fruit
Company auctioned California fruit to-day,
realizing the following prices: Kelsey Japan
Plums, $1 15; Yellow Egg. 61c; Bradshaw, 80c;
Malaga Grapes, 70@SOc. Weather very hot.
Four cars Bold. • ' " .
BOSTON. Aug. 24.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following , prices for California
fruit sold to-day at auction: Malagas, 80c@
$1 20, average 95c; Bartletts. $2 22; Late Craw
fords. Rsc«sl 10, average 9Sc. Weather very
hot. Six cars sold.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Aug. 24.— Consols. 110 13-16; Silver.
27 13-16 d; French rentes, 103f 60c; Wheat car
goes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on pass
age, nominal, unchanged; English country
markets, generally Is cheaper: imports into TJ.
X.. Wheat. 384,000; Imports Into V. X.. Flour.
165.000.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 24— Wheat, dull; No. 1
Standard California. 6s 4d@6s od; French coun
try markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 5-16 d. '
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet: September
Es 6%d: December, 5s 3d.
CORN— August, easy. 3s l%d: September,
dull, 3s lVid; October, dull, 3s 2d.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 24.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows
the following changes. Available cash bal
ance, $2i0,'J3)>,514; gold reserve, f 206, 375, 049.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 24.— Wheat nominal;
! export value. Walla Walla, 54-goJc; valley and
j blue eteni. 5Sc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. Aug. 24 —Exporters quote
I club wheat at 54c; blue stem. 60ff 61i-. Millers
; are willing to pay 3540 above these figures.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 24.— Exchanges. 1224,
124; balances. $43,125.
*
LOCAL MARKETS. '
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
i Sterling Exchange, sight — |4 84H
Ku-rllng Exchange, 60 days — 4 ggty
BterUng Cables — 4 S6^i
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17^
; New York Exchange, eight — 16
| Fine Sliver, per ounce — 60>4
Mexican Dollars 46 46V*
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
"WHEAT — The Luclpara take* for Liverpool
24.173 ctls, valued at $25,400.
The market continues flat and weak, with
lower quotations.
Pnot Wheat— Shipping, |1 lOiffl 12H; milling,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
1 4000 ctls, $1 16%; 8000. II 15V6.
Second session— December— 3o,ooo ctls, $1 14%;
! 20.000. n 14%.
Regular morning session— December— 4ooo
ctls. $1 14; 62,000, $1 IZ*- ■ 4000. $1 13%; 64.000,
Afternoon session — December-t-28,000 ctls,
11 UK: 16.000. $1 13Vi.
BARLEY— Shipment of 6246 ctls brewing,
valued at 17545, to Ltverp'ol. The market Is
dull and unchanged.
| Feed, $1 15<gl 17V4; Brewing nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second session — No sales.
Regular morning session — December — 2000 ctls,
! $1 14; 2000. $1 U%: 2000, $1 13%; 10.000, |1 13>4;
2000. $1 13H; 4000. $1 13.
Afternoon session — December — 2000 cfJs,
%l 12%: 4000. $1 12Si: 4000. $1 12"*; 2000, $1 13.
OATS— Fancy Feed, $1 25 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 20<81 22H : common, II 12'^igl ITU;
Surprise, II 30« l 32^; Gray, $1 17V4@1 22^;
milling. II 22H&1 25 per ctl.
CORN— Small round yellow. II 25; Eastern
large yellow. |1 10-S1 12H; white, |1 06® 1 07^;
mixed. II 0R«l 07Vi per ctl.
RTE— II 15@1 17ft per ctl.
lIVCKWHEAT-I1 75®1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, |4 40@4 50; bakers'
extras. »4 15@4 25 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour 13 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, |2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, |7; Cornmeal. |2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal. 13 25; Oatmeal, |4 25; Oat Groats.
14 50- Hominy. |3 2SS3 50; Buckwheat Flour. U
4»4 25- Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, |4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, 13 50; Rolled Oats (bar
ley) |5 85@6 25; In sacks. |5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, 15; Split Peas, 14 25; Green Peas, |4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Arrivals continue to fall off, but the market
shows no change.
BRAN— IIS SOf^lC per ton.
MIDDLINGS— IISift 2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. |24@25 per
ton; Oilrake Meal at the mill, |31@31 50; Job
bing. 132*932 50; Cocoanut Cake, *24<g;25; Cotton
seed Meal, ti&fiZQ per ton: Cornmeal, |23@23 50;
Cracked Corn, |24®24 50.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, |17@17 60 for
good and $14W16 for lower grades; no fancy
coming In; Wheat and Oat, 114 ,r)o@l6, r )o@l6 50; Oat,
$13 r.n»Bi6; Barley, ; Island Barley, |12<§;13:
Alfalfa, |12@13; Stock, |11@12 50; Clover, naml-
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat. |13@U 50; Oat, |12@13 50; Cheat, |11@
13; Timothy, 111 50@13 50; Alfalfa, Jll@U 50
STRAW— 4O@6Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Small white Beans are firm, but the other
kinds are alow and nominal.
BEANS— Bayos, |2 65® 2 70; Small Whites,
U r a2 15; Large Whites, $1 75@1 90; Pinks, 12 25
©2 30; Reds, 12 60<£f2 75; Blackeye. 13 15@3 2o:
Butters, nominal; Llmas, |3@3 15; Pea, 11 90<g2;
Red Kidneys, |2 50^2 75 per ctl.
REEDS— Brown Mustard, |4 25@4 75 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, |4©4 25; Flax, nominal, |2<gi
2 10; Canary Seed, 2>4@2%c per lb; AlfaUa,
from Utah, 5V4c; Rape, 2%(5i2%c; Hemp, 2%@3c;
Timothy. DiguVic.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, |1 75®1 90; Green. |2 25
per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Everything under this head remains about as
previously quoted. Vegetables are in free sup
ply. . .-. -, , "
POTATOES— 4O®SOc in sacks for Early Rose
and 45@70c In sacks and 50cff?$l - in " boxes
for ' Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c(S$l 16-
Sweet Potatoes, 2@2%c per lb. •
ONIONS— per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onions, 75c® $lper ctl. " ■ .
' VEGETABLES— Peas,- 3c; String
Beans , 1%@2%c per Id; Lima Beans, 2@3c; Bay
; Squash. . 25@30c; Green Peppers. 35@60c for
| Chile and ls@Coc for Bell; Cabbage, 60c 1 per
$&£ &n S}*< ,80, 80 500 per Back; Bay Cucumbers.
25&30 c; Pickles, 75c for No. 1 and 40#i,0c per
box for No. 2; River '■■ Tomatoes, 20@35c ; Bay
Tomatoes, 40@50c; Green Corn, : 50@75c per sack
for aC ? l.' 75c $1 25 per crate for Alameda.
60Q65c for Berkeley ;- Garlic, 2@2%c per tt>-
Green Okra, - 60@65c; Egg Plant, * fc@soc per
box; Marrowfat Squash, $15 per ton .• ,
EVAPORATED ; VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per Ib In. lots of 25 IDs; t sliced
dessicated, 16@18c; - granulated, ;■•■•■ raw. 13c-
Onions, 60c; Carrots, " old. 13c; new. 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; j Turnips.- 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND . GAME.* .
Another car of Eastern sold at 15c for Tur
keys. $B<a* 50 for Hens, $7 for Young ; Roosters,
$5 for' ola do, $4 50 , for Fryers and $4 for Broil
ers. There will be no more Eastern this week.
Local stock Is unchanged. <'.;-.,- -
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ; 14@16c I for " God
blers and 12%ig:i3c ; for Hens; Geese, v per' pair,
$I@l 25; Goslings, $1 50®l 76: Ducks. $2 6003
for old and $2 60®4 50 for young; i Hens, $4@5 ;
Roosters, young, $5®6; Roosters. oM« *ft*«Sj
Fryers. $4 50; Beliefs. $3 50^4 for large. I- 500
3 for small: Pigeons. $1 50© 1 75 per dozen lor
young and $1 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no change in any description. Stocks
of all kinds are ample for current needs.
BUTTER— o .rv>r^. -pp
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 24@25c; see
On Dairy-Cholce to fancy. 22%@24c; common
grades, 17%«&21c. , t,,^, —,11
Pickled Goods-Firkin, 18020 c; . pickled roll.
St^SSES^tSSa mmc per
' b cSs'E^o C ,ce mild new. *£*'.«&£
9c; Cream Cheddar. 100110; Young America.
10@llc; Eastern, 12@13c. -'.-" " . .„_. _ trirß
EGGS-Ranch Eggs. 21@23c per , do2e "' . 8 n t a
Eggs. 14©17% c: Eastern. 14©17 c for ordinary
and IS® 2oc for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Choice green Pears are excessively scarce and
sell at the top quotations as soon as they bin*,
the town. • Cling Peaches are also firm, out.
Freestones in small boxes are rather weaker.
Plums . rule dull. Grapes are neglected, ber
ries and Melons are about the same.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS- d
Strawberries, $2 50@4 per chest for large a""
"Figs 0 ' - S^- "for white and 50c(fT$l for black,
Cantaloupes, SOciifn 25 per crate; ' lltn l e ? 8 :
25#G5c per box; Watermelons. *2Wi'3O per 100 for
large and $5^15 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, s<j?6c per lb. VM .«rin.«
Red Nectarines, ft. «.-..•; White Nectarines,
O Whlte P< Grapps. 254, r0c per box: Black Grapes.
15050 c; Muscats, 40@50a Crates sell about mo
higher than boxes; Isabellas. $1 i*o@l (6 per
crate. '
Ulackberrles, f2^?4 per chest.
Plums. KOSOC per crate and 25(ff4Oc per dox,
in bulk, $SWI2 50 fcr ton. fcJ- _ H
Peaches, 60086 c per box for good to choice and
25(550c for common stock. Clings, $60 p.-r ton.
Crabapples, »06Oc per box.
Raspberries, $6Jj,7 per chest.
Apples, 35<fi'60c for common, and 75c@*l per
Bartlett Pears, 75cfi$l per box and $30^/40 per
ton for No. 1 and KO6PC per box and $lu'&2;>
per ton for ripe and Inferior stock.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. $H?l 50 for Va
lencins, $I^l 25 for St. Michaels. .so«isl for
Mediterranean Sweets and 50075 c for Seedlings;
Lemons, $2»ii3 for common and $4f-i:> tor goo.l
to choice: Mexican Limes, $10; Bananas, $1 JjHj
2 25 per bunch; Pineapples. $3(^4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NTTS, RAISINS. ETC.
Prunes continue the dullest article under this
head. The fact that the crop Is short and thai
everybody knows It seems to make no differ
ence to buyers. They are not taking hold an
they generally do at this time of the year. The
other fruits are firm as a rule and unchanged.
DRIED FRUIT— New Prunes, 3',i@3%c for the
four sizes; old Prunes, carload lots, s<??s>4c for
40-50' 4V44f'sc for 60-60' s, 3%@4c for 60-70's, ZY t &
3V4c for 70-80's, 2%@3c for SO-SO' s, tO>HO for
00-100's: .new Peaches, 7@"Bc; new Apricots, 9@
lie for Royals and 15<£il"V£c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 6"(jj»7c; sun dried, IO4c;
Black Figs, sacks, 'Mi2 l new Plums, ."/'"■
for pitted and l@l l for unpitted; Nectarines.
3@4V4c for prime •■ fancy; Pears. 3^sc for
quarters and 3©sV4c for halves, according to
color, etc. ; new Pears, 6@7c for quarters and
Bs 9c for halves.
RAISINS— 2@2V4C for two-crown. 2^i2\c for
three-crown. 3<§3V4c for four-crown, 3@4c for
Seedless Sultanas, 2H<<j3c for Seedless Mus
catels and $I^l 15 for London Layers; ' dried
Grapes, 2c. "
NUTS— Walnuts, new. 6c for nardshell. "c for
80ftshell; Almonds. 3@4c for hardshell, 6®7c for
softshell; BH#9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4®
5Hc for Eastern and 4%C for California; Pe
cans. 6Vi@'Bc: Filberts, 9V4«10c; Brazil Nuts.
B@'9c per 1b; Cocoanuts, $4 BOSS per 100.
HONEY— Comb, H> l"c for bright and lO7c
for lower grades; water- white extracted, s^@
6c; light amber extracted, 4?i@6}4c per It).
BEESWAX— 24fi 26c per lt>.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS-Haoon, BHc per 1b for
heavy. 9c for light medium. lOVic for light, lie
for extra light and 124<#13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar cured Hum*, l'i'ytfllc; Califor
nia Hams. PHiijlOc: Mess Beef, $l<KalOsO per
bbl; extra Mesa Heef, $11911 M; Family Beef,
J121i12 iO; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$IS'<jlS 50; mess, $13 501116; Smoked Beef, Il@l2c
per lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6o per lb
for compound and I%C for pure; palls, 8c: Cali
fornia tierces. Be per Hi for compound and 7c
for pure; half barrels, TVic; 10-lb tins, 8c; 5-lb
tins, BVic.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%®6%; packages
less than 300 lbs— l-lb pails. 60 in a case. <<We;
3-lb pails. 20 In a case, ?"%<■; 5-Ib palls. J2 in a
case SVic: 10-lb palls. 6 In a case, &%e; 50-lb
tine 1 or 2 in a ense. "Tfcc: wooden buckets. 2u
lbs net, BHc; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrelß, about 110 lbs. T^c per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS -Culls nnd hrnnda sell I
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers 10c; medium. 9c; light, S"»jc; Cow
hides,' 9c; Stap<<. 6Mtc; salted Kip. R»,e: Calf.
9c" dry Hides, sound. ISc; culls md l>rfind."«,
120 • dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, n
Goatskins. ilhitii 30c; medium. 3<V; winter, 10c; ■,
Sheepskins, shearlings. Mk each; shcirt
wool 30*r40c each; medium. 60'riSOc; long wool,
90c(ffjl 10 each; Horsehi'los. salt. \; 25 for
large and $1«1 75 for small; Colts, 50c. Horse
hides, dry. $1 75 for large and 75c<#$l 2i for
email'; Colts, 60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3Uc per lb; No. 2,
2%c- refined. 4V54%c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain. "'fJlOc;
free Northern, 9«12c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain 12 months'. 9t?llo; San Jnaquln and
Southern.' 7 months". B©Me; Foothill and j
Northern free, 12'iMc; Foothill and Northern, '
defective' W<i 12-: Middle County, 13#16c; Hura
boldt and Mendoclno. 14iffl«!c: Nevada. 10014 c;
Eastern Oregon. 10@12c: \ alley Oregon, 13(??17c.
HOPS— IB9B" crop. 10@12Vic; 1897 crop, B@loc
per lb. .
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
PA GS»— Calcutta Grain Bags, 4*Sc: Wool ]
Bags MOMe: San Quentln Bags. $4 85; Fruit
Bags. sc, i4c and 5%c for the three grades of
white and 7-i/Sc for brown.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wei- ;
llngton. 18: Southfleld Wellington. J7 50: Seat
tle $6- Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $3; Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland. Jl3 In bulk and $14 50 In
pack?- Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel $10 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle Gate.
$7 60: Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c: Powdered, 64.c; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated. 5%c; Confec- i
tlonern' A. 574 c:5 7 4c: Magnolia A. R^c: Extra C. I
5%c; Golden C. s">4c; California A. 5%c per TT>; ;
half barrels, »4c more than barrels, and boxes j
V4c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
' Wholesale ' rates 'for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6Hc; second quality.
6V4©6c:- third quality, 44®5>*,c.
VEAL- Large. 4(i?sc; small, 6@7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@7c; Ewes, 6@6^c
P *LAMB— 7%(g;Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3%@3%c for large. 4@4V£c
for medium and 3V4@3^c for small; stock Hogs
2@3c; dressed Hogs, 6%@6Vic.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, August 24.
Flour, qr skß ... R. 640 Ftraw, tons 48
Wheat, ctla 570 Hops, bales 18
Barley, ctls 2,425 Wool, bales 20
Rye, ctls 270 Leather, rolls ... 62
Butter, ctls 245 Eggs, doz 10.650
Cheese, ctls 115 Wine. Kals 14,650
Potatoes, sks ... 2,354 Leather, rolls ... 39
Onions, sks *«S dumber, ft 55,000
liran, sks 265 1 Hides, no !>36
Middlings, sks .. 270 1 Pelts, bdl» 2,280
{lay, ton 3 330, Quicksilver, flak. 250
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 820 Oats, ctls 1,285
Wheat, ctls 470 Hay, tons HO
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 800
THUi, STOCK MAKKiIT.
There was a brisk business In securities and
quotations were maintained as a rule. A
larger assortment of stocks sold than for some
time. ... .. .: . '■•.'■'-
The leading. mining stocks were lower
The Homestake '-mine of South Dakota will
pay a dividend of 25c to-day. *-■'-■ .--.
. WEDNESDAY, Aug. 24-2 'p. m.
. Bid. Ask. A,, Bid Ask
US Bonds— ' Mutual El Co 8% 11
4s quar coup.-lllVilU** Oakland- Gas.. Sl* 51%
is quar reg...11l .112 Pac Gas Imp.. 88^4 89%
4s quar new. ..127 128 Pac L Co 48Vi 49
3s ew ........ 104%105% S F O & E...59V4 89%
Miscellaneous— -■ - . ■ . Han Fran .... 3U 3V..
Cal-st Cab 55.U3%115 Stockton Gas.. 13 —
Cal El 6s 125 ... — . Insurance— I
C C Wat 65... 95%— Firem's Fund. 2oo 205
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L. & V 65.. 129 131 Anglo-Cal .... 62 65
F & Cl Ry .116 — • Bank of Ca1.. 245 247%
Geary-rt R 6b. 93 100 Cal SD & T.. — : 87
HC & S 4%5.100 105 First Nat- .....200' —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A....128H —
Do Rntd 65.. 98 100 Mer Exchange 14 15
Market-st 65..126H — Nev Nat 8....160 —
•Do Ist M ss. .115^ — ■ Savings Banks- ■ .
Nat Yin 6s lsts — : 97Vb Ger S & L.. 1560 1650
N C NGRy 7s. — 106% Hum S & L.1060 1160 ■
N - By. Cal .110 , 112 Mutual Say. —. ■ 42%
N JXy ? Cal 55.M04" — ; S F Say U.. 490 500
N.P CH R C 5.103 105' S & L 50.... - 100
NP C R 5». — 101 Security 88. 300' —
N Cal R R 65." —" — Union T Co. looo . —
Oak Gas 65....101 — ' Street Railroad-
Do 2d is 65.. 109 111% California ....106 107%
Om Ry 65..... 127%130« Geary .....:... 40: —
P & 6 65.. 107 — Market-st ..... 54 64%
P & Cl Ry 68.105 ■"'—•' Presidio ....:.. 8% — ;
Powell-5t.65...118 ■— ■ Powder- ; ; - .'
Reno WLALi.-100 — California ....130 150
Sac El Ry 65.100 — E Dynamite... S5 95
B FAN P. 6s. 100^109% Giant Con Co. 48% to
ElerraßCal " 6s. - 103 ■ Vlgorit rrr.V. : . . 2% 3
S P of Ar 65..107%108% .Miscellaneous— •
SP Cal 65... 110 — . !A1 Pac Assn.. 99%100%
! SPC la eg ss:. 102 — I Ger Ld Wks..l?s — .
S P Br 65...;;i17 —' r Hana P C 0.... 14T4'— "
8 V Wat 65.:.U9V4— '•■ H C & S Co.. 27% 27%
8 V : Wat ; 45.. .102% — Hutch 8 Co. 55% 56
Stock > Gas ; 65.. 100 -.?. —'; Mer jEx Assn. 90 ;— ,
Water Stock*— ;■:'; I Nat Vln C 0... — : 7
Contra Costa.. G3 54 Oceanic ASA S Co. H* "vi"
Gas & Electric— | Par Paint Co. <
Cent Gaslight. 105 —
Morning SesHton. r>o
6 Alaska Packers' Association... IQO 25
5 do do • *"' 62 00
25 Anglo-Callfornla Bank ••— fil 50
60 Contra Costa Water ..•••• 61 7 
25 do do • 1,2 00
10 do do .........-•, ""■*•.'„■ 5."> SO ,
13.". Hutchlnson S P Co ••" 4$ - f
10 Olant Powder Con. ( . •■ ■ ■•■ • 1 ""•".; 27 50
250 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar......
60 do do J> 6 ---; - v n ' """".'.'. 59 00
100 Oceanic Steamship Co. s nd a ";....i05 00
$1000 Park and Cliff House 6s Bonds »w> «
-, s X (Jan ft Electric C 0...... ;•••••• M w
50 Spring Valley Water, d z .99 00 -
5 do do • '.'.'.'.'.'.... 99 12%
5 no uo ....-...••■.•**•" , «aa rA
$2000 S F & N P Ry 80nd5...... Wj -v
100 Vl frorlt Powder •"
15000 Spring Valley 4s 80nd5....... ..-10275
Afternoon Session.
50 Alaska Packers', Association 99 75
15 Contra Costa Water °« «2
25 Giant Powder Con •• »•• « si*»
60 Spring Valley Water .■•■■■ gg
200 Hawaiian Com & Sugar, b 10 gM
200 do do b 5 ;::::;:::: 2737%
125 do . do 27 '•')
60 do do •••• UTS
100 Hutchlnson S P Co -hSW
110 ~ , a ,° *do ■'!.■.■!.'!!.' 51 so
50 Oakland Gas • .9n0. 9n0
40 Oceanic Steamship Co "58 75
30 do d* ;;;■.!'.'. 68 SO
20 do do .....«•••«• 89 60 4
% S F Gas & Electric Co 8J 60 /
Street— ' , f.-.'-'i.-'; r m M
20 Anglo-California Bank ?
50 Bank of California........ > ™00
25 Contra Costa Water, b 10.... «* w
Contra Costa Water Bonds 100 ou
$;,000 Market-st Ity Con Bonds 55..... " a w
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
25 Oceanic Steamship Co. m s?V4
40 Market-street Railway -2 75
100 Vlgorit Powder
.Afternoon Session.- . ■ '_.
40 Giant Powder Con.. ........••.•••"••— 27 37^
65 Hawaiian Commercial - & Sugar 27 siVt
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
mo Challenge ... 13 !!00 Justice "
SOOConCa. & Va..
100 Gould &' Curry.. 14 100 Yellow Jacket... 17
Afternoon Session.
100 Con Cat' & Va.. 3C:100 Potosl 16
I too Justice 13(100 Union Con 19
60 Ophlr I B '
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stoc*
Board yesterday:
Morning Session. >
! 300 Best & Belcher. ;15 700 Ophlr ........... 18
I 400 Con Cal & Va.. 35 100 Sierra Nevada.. 58
i 100 Gould & Curry.. 14 100 •■ °'
950 Justice 12 $00 Union Con 17
i ir.oo Lady Wash ... 01200 ............. 1
i 200 Mexican 13 »0 Yellow Jacket... 17
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 14IS00 Gould & Curry.. 14
i 600 Caledonia 20 100 Mexican li
100' 191200 Ophlr 1?
SOOChollar 16 .500 Overman ......... 05
100 Con Cal & Va.. 36 200 Sierra Nevada.. 5/
700 Justice 13 fOO Union Con ...... 19
00.. 14 TOO Yellow Jacket... 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Aug. 24— 4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Julia — 02 j
I Rita 13 14 Justice 13 lo
: Andes 03 04 Kentuck ....... 05 06
I Belcher ........ 12 12 Lady ash ... — 01
! Henton Con .... - :2 Mexican 13 14
Best & Belcher 12 35 Occidental 60 —
! Bullion 02 04 Ophir 17 18
Caledonia ....... 20 11 Overman ....... 04 06 |
Chollar M 17 Potosi 15 17 ;
Challenge Con. 13 II Savage 10 11 .
. Confidence 3« 4C Scorpion 02 —
' Con Cal & Va. :!C :: Seg Belcher .. — 05
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 56 5.
Crown Point ..10 12 Silver Hill .... — 15 ;
1 Con New York. 01 02 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... — . 15 Ptandard 1 50 155 ,
Exchequer .... — 04 Union Con .... 18 19 1
Gould & Curry. 13 14 Utah ........... 05 06
I Hale & Norcrs. 75 80 Yellow Jacket. 15 16
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 25.
Sur. rises ." .....: - '■ h:3 ,i
Sun Bets •••• r •• — °-
Moon gets .' .».» 11:42 p. m.
j 6:55
i 3.6!
10:47
H W
8:18
9:12
9:55
10:31
11:06
11:40
3.
i
5.6
H W
3.2 6.14
- 3.1 7:24
2.9 .8:31
2.5 9:31!
2.0 10:27
1.5 11:20
0:42
I 1:46
| 1:42
3:31
4:lt
4:57
1-0.1
-0.4
I —0.5
—0.5
—0.4
—0.1
12
1:1
2:!
3::
4:
5:«
5.6
6.7
4.
4.!
5.
5.:
6.
NOTE In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the' last or right hand column gives the
last tH» of th<» day. except when there arc but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tne
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower lnw waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
tn the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, August
24, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
br!li-lng was dropped at exactly n ion to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th nieridl ii, or at S
ji m. Greenwich mean time.
(HAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). U. S. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
omona
>'alla Walla...
rescent City...
hllkat
Wellington |
t'lllamette
cotla
;mplre
[omer I
l&nal
[ueneme
rlzaba
Sydney
Portland ............;....
San Dlepo ;..........
Victoria' & Puget Sound
Crescent City .;...
Humboldt
Departure ; Bay
Seattle
Humboldt
Coos Bay
Newport
Grays Harbor
Portland
Humboldt
Lie
Aug. 34
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Aug. 26
Aug. 27
Aug. 27
Aug. 97
Aug. 23
Aug. 28
Aug. 2&
Aug. t$
Aug. 29
Aug. 30
Aug. 30
Aug. 30
Aug. 31
Aug. 31
Sept. 1
Sept. 1
iam
'Nanalmo
Seattle
zarlna
harles Nelson,
anta Rosa
Honolulu
San Diego
IPortland
olumbla
forth Fork
rmatllla
oos Hay
Humboldt
Victoria & PuKet Sound
Newport -
Coos Bay
rcata
L carulco
Panama
St. Michael
•nrtland
,aknip
Honolulu I
Sept. 4
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Stpamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Coos Fay... l
Glenfarg ...
Arcata
Pomona
Chllkat ....
State of Cal
Walla Wall
San Juan...
Homer
Orizaba ....\
Santa Rosa
Columbia ..I
Aug. 25, 9 amll'lPr
Aug. 25. 1 pm|PMS
Aug. 23, 4 pmllMer
Aug. 27, 11 am I Pier
Aug. 27. 9am | Pier
Aug. 28. 10 am Pier
Aug. 29, 10 am Pier
Aug. 29, 12 m PMS
Auk. 29. 9am I Pier
Aug. 30, 10 amlPler
Aug. 31. 11 amjPler
Sept. 2. 10 am,l'ler
PWr 11
Coos Isay
San Diego
'Humboldt
Portland
Vie A Pgt Sd.
Panama
| Newport
iHumboldt ....
Saa niego —
IPortland |
SHIPPING I fTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, August 24.
Stmr South Coast. Zaddart. 98 hours from
Tacoma. ,
fcitmr Laguna, Peterson, 16 hours from West
port. Up river direct.
Stmr Urunswick. Anderson. 13 days from St
Michael, via Dutch Harbor 8 days 20 hours.
Stmr Navarro, Hlgglna, 4 days from Seattle.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, 41 hours from New
port.
Stmr Mineola, David, 82 hours from Tacoma.
Ship Santa Clara. Lindberg, 20 days from
Karluk.
Br ship Mayfleld. Phillips, 76 days from New
; castle, NSW.
Br shin" Thornllebank, Mcßrlde, 67 days frm
N l£ C bark e 'lnversnald. Ross. 74 days from New-
Ca i"r e bark Inverurle," Charleson. 83 days from
NltaiN Itai a bar E'Rasßlo, Sani?ulnetl. 144 days frm
Swansea. - TT , "■■■
Schr Neptune, Estvold, 4 days from Usai.
CLEARED; •
Wednesday, August 24. .
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eurfeka; Chas Nel-
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea, San Pedro: Goodall,
Perkins & Co. , _ .
Nor stmr Tltania, Egenes, Nanalmo; John
Rosenfeld'n Sons. ■ _^ •
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo; R Duns
muir's Sons Co. . ■ _ .
Ship Kennebec, Lewis, Vancouver: Hastings
Mill Co.
SAILED.
. Wednesday, August 24.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefleld. Tacoma.
Hr stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo.
Br ship Luclpara, Witt. Liverpool.
Br ship Burmah, Jones,' lqulque.
Schr Occidental. Brandt, Eureka.
Schr M. ■lain. -Gallop. Honolulu.
Schr Rio Rey, Johnson.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Nyman, Stewarts
Point.
TELiEUKAFHIIJ.
POINT LOHOS— Auk 24, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind \V; velocity 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The XV G Irnin loads mdse for Honolulu.
SPOKKN.
Aug B—7 N 26 W. Ger ship Alice, from Oregon
for Queenstown.
Auk 7—7 N 27 W. Ger ship Ben Voirlich, frm
Oregon for Quoenstown.
Per Br ship Mayfleld— Auk 22. 40 miles W
of the Farallones, Haw a British ship, supposed
to be Hr chip Duchalbum. from Newcastle. N
S W. for San Francisco. .-' •
Per E Ragglo— May 15—13 28 S 36 W, Br ship
Cape Clear, from Hamburg for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Aug 24— Stmr Eicelsior,
for Orca.
< ( N >S BAY— Arrived Aug 24— Tug Columbia,
hence Auk 21.
REPONPO— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Newburg,
from Eureka.
PAN I'KDRO- Arrived Aug 23— Stmr Pasade
na, from Eureka.
Balled Auk 23— Stmr Jewel, for San Francisco.
A MKRDEEN— SaiIed Aug 24— Schr A J West,
for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 24— Ship
Servla. hpnce Au«r 4.
ROWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Avn 24— Schr
Newark, hence Ausr 23.
GREKNWf ion— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Green
wood, hence Aug 23.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Co
quille River, hence Aug 23.
REDONDO— SaiIed Aug 24— Schr La Gironde,
for drays Harbor.
VENTURA— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr G Loomls,
'monTl* lEY— Sailed Aug 24— Schr Monterey,
for Bowens I^anding.
HEAR HARBOR -Arrived Aug 24— Str West-
PO pORT I1 Lns ANGELES— Arrived Aug 24— Haw
Btmr SRn Mateo, from Comox.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Empire.
he TT lIOWENI IOWEN ? S 21 LANPING-SailM Aug 24-Bchr
Bonder Brothers, for San Francisco.
VENTI'RA— Sailed Aug 24— Stmr G Loomls,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE-Arrlved Aug 24— Ship Servla, he
ETREKA— PaIIed Aug 24— Stmr Chilkat and
srhrp Free Trnrle and Eclipse, for San Fran
cisco; schr Twilight, for San Pedro.
EASTERN PORTS.
REEDY ISLAND— Passed Aug 23— Ship Jaa
Prummond. from Philadelphia for San Fran-
FORK N PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 23— Br stmr Em-
P re«s of India, from Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Aug 24— Br stmr Coptic,
for Pan Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL. '
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i^ Steamers leave Broadway
flfcifc^ wharf, San Francisco:
BKCISK^. For Alaskan ports, in a. m.,
; IBi»S23Bk August 4, P. 14. 19. 24. 29. Sept.
HI. KrajO 3, transfer at Seattle.
■BfMJli For Victoria. Vancouver (R.
fiSEsfeffMiWi C ) Port Townsend, Seattle,
nWH Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10
a m., August. 4. 9. 14. 19. 24,
29 "seDt 3 and every fifth day thereafter, con-
necting "at Seattle with this company steam-
ers for* Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma with
v P Rv at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
* For' Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m. Aug.
6. 12. 18, 24, 30, Sept. 5 and every sixth day
1 Fcfr* s"nta Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cnrucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota." Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. Aug. 1. 5. 9. 13. 17 21. 25. 29.
Sept. 2 and every fourth day thereafter
For . San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m Auk 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. -27,- 31. Sept. .4., ami
every fourth day thereafter. - _ .. .
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. - m.. ISth of
every month. _■ •■
For further Information obtain folder..
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar boi-r« of (Kitllir.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
' 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
i 3i 3 o :rt 3L.-A. OSTID
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m. .
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
iHnC. $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Aug. 3, 13, 23, Sept. ]
State of California. July 30, Aug. 8. 18. 28, Sept. 7
St. Paul $16 001 St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City .... 26 00 Chicago 24 00
Omaha 26 Oo| New York 3100
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market it.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. ■
Superintendents.
Cornpagnie Generale Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's pier (new), 41 North j,^»^
Rlv»r. foot of Morton st. Travelers <2T*!Tr\
by this line avoid both transit by <-«ilf*3ie>
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, 'first class. $140;
second class, $118.
LA TOURAINE Sept. 3. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Sept. 10. 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE..... Sept. 17. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE.... ...Sept.- 24. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE..... ....Oct. 1, 10 a. m.
For further particula-s apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
»v*., San Francisco. : ■•:.:' '
P^ffSWElZsalls via Honolulu and
[jSH|W|l,sa.l's < via Honolulu and
!~K|' pp ™ a "^Auckland for Sydney •
M ™*__1-^. Wednesday, September
Sff^fnSnlD^ V, at 2 p. COOLGAR-
ofIHFIMID^ Llne t0 COOLGAR-
CyiCflllUHlr' ■ DIE Australia, and
(Pfnf)(lim~ CAPE TOWN. South
j. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office — Market St., San Francisco.
BAY AitfD" RIVER STEAMERS.
TAKE TflE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERT DAY AND SUNDAY, TOO, at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare 75c.
Special : Rates to Excursion Parties,
Beginning MONDAY. August 22..
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tue*.,. Wed., Thurs. and 5at............
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays..'...... 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m. i
Sundays...... 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m. |
' Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier 8.
■ ■■■•■• Telephone Red , 2241.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Yin Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
••-•■■. AND SAN RAFAEL.
; . WEEK DAYS— ? »8:00; »9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, •6:00, 0:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, > Saturdays : and Sundays at 11:2*
P> ATS— »8 :00," »9:00, »10:00. 11:00. 11:31
a. m ; 1:00. »1:45. »2:30, »4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11 00 a.m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.
S-SOp. m does not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. '
! FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN . FRANCISCO.
•; WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. «6:35. 7:55. 8:25. . •*:&
a m ;^12:20, 2:10, »3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. •'.•,... .~\ „
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, »8:00, *9:45, *!?•*». 11M
a. m. ; 1:00, 2:20. •3:30,- •5:15.*«:00. 7:00 p. m. .
Trains marked ♦ start from San Quentln. .
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 6:45. 7:65. 8:43. 1(5:10
a. m. ; 12:40, 2:25, 3:55. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on ..Mondays,, Wednesdays
; and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. I .„ l r . '.' '
! • SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.: 12:05. 1:20.
2:40, 8:55. 5:30. 6:30 p. m. o
-*' .i THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'Qs.
8:20 p. m. — Cazadero and way ■ sta n*.
1:16 p. m. week t days (Saturday excepted)— To-
males and way stations.' ■•■:■>■■ ■
IMt.ni i Sundays— Cazadero and ■ way sta'ns.
■:« n. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way aU'na. i
RAILROAD " TRAVEL. , ;
iiOIITIIISKNI'ACIt'IC COMFAHT. s "
(PAOirlO STSTMt.) . •■.•".•■
Trnlna I«dt« aad nre dnt> to arrive at
NAN ritANCI»«:o.
j (Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
leave — From July 10. 1898. -* — arriti
•«:OOa Nlles, 8»n Jose and Way Stations... *8:43 a"
7:OO a Henioia, Suisnn and Sacramento . . . 10:43 a
-:(»<» a Marysrllle, OroTlUe and Bedding Tia
Woodland 8:43p
7:OOa Klmlra. VacaTille and Butnsey 8:43p
7i3Oa Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo, liapa,
CalUtoara and Santa Rosa «tl»p
8:«Oa Atlantic Express, Ogdmi and Kast.. Bi*3p
NiSOA San Jose, Sh.ckton. Valley Spring,
y>..r.r> -;■ lone, Sacramento, MarysTill^
Chico, Tehama and Red ItliifT.... 4il»p
At»OA Peters. Oakdale And Jamestown.... 7tl3p
•N:3oa Milton ..:. *7:13»
!»:O«»A New Orleans K.xpress. Merced, Fres-
no, BakeraOeld, Santa Barbara.
I«s Angeles, Deml"K, Xl Paso,
New Orleans and Kimt 6t43p
10:OOa Tallejo, Martinez and Way Stations . 7:43p
•l:OOp Sacramento IU»»r Bt«»mera... :. "»i!K)p
..... San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... JO: I
8:00p LlTermore, Mendota, Uanford and
Vtsalla -••• 4tlBp
LlTennore. San Jose. Nlles and Way
Stations v-;;;- * lOtM *
4:OOp Martinez, San Ramon, *' Vallejo,
Napa, Cajlatoga. Xl Verano and
Santa Rosa... ......:... »ilBa
4iOOp Benicla, VacaTllle, Woodland.
Knights Landing. MarysTllle. Oro-
Title anil Sacramento ••••• »0;13a
4:30p Nlles, San Jose, Tracy »nd Stockton 7. 1 3 ,
4 :SOp Stockton and Loll ••• I»il3f
*z»Op Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, FrMno,
Mojare, Santa Barbara and Jam
Angeles ■•.••• 7> * a^
4:30p Martinez. Merced (Raymond for
Yusemite) and Fresno lsßiap
4i:i«p Santa 1"« Route. AtlanUo Kzpresa
forMoJaTe and Kaat •»*»*
6rOOp ICnropeau Mail, OgJen and Kast.... » ! *2*
•S:OOr Vallejo 1 r l i5 P
B:««r ll»y»»rd», Nllrs and San J05e...... 7i«»A
J7 : O0 p Vallejo. Port Co«U and Way St*.
tlons •'•"• t»»« »
SiOOp Oregon Kx|>rnss, Hacramonto, Marys-
- »lIIe. Reildiitg. Portland. Puget •
Sound and Kaat *iI»A
' SAX LKA3IIUO AMI lIA¥WAU»» LOCAL.
'. (Foot of Market Street.) '
1 Mcl roue, Somlnary Park, f '*!5 A
BtO9A ritchburs;, Klmhunit, '!2'ist
il'ZZi 8»h l.i.«ndro, South "• jjg*
lll.Sot Leandro^t-dUKs JJjJS*
tisiiooM L«re««o, Cherry. ■ 11,43,
i»:O«p and ... .- }Si43r
SiOOp HajTrarda. t»:4Sp
' 7i«Op < Runs through tc Nile*. 7<43r
J t From Nlles I. - ■
COAST DIVISION (Nurrorr Imie). !
(Foot of Market Street.)
JTi43a Santa Cruz Kxcursion, Santa. Orua
, ■ and Principal Way Stations J»iO3p
1 3 A Newark, Con terrllle, San Jose, Felton,
: ':',' Boulder Creek, BanU Orus and Way
SUtiona »»3«p
•81I8F Newark, CeDterrllle, San Jose, Hew .. ...
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
SanU Cruz and Principal - Way
Stationa »1»t5«4
4:13p San Jose, wood ft Way Stations »:20\
o4 1 1 Bonlder Creek and Santa Crux j»:a«»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroaSll FfiAKCISCO — Foet of Minn Strut (Slip —
•7-15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *3:00 t3:00
•i:00 J5:00 "0:00 r.M. ;
from OiniHß— Brwiwsy.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00*.*.
»2:00 '1:00 tg=OO *3:00 ti:00 "8:03 p.m.
COAST IIITINI (Broad Gauge). .
(Third and Townsend SU.) '
•7:OOa San Jose an.l Way Stations (New
Alinadan Wednesdays only) Ii 30»
t7i3OA Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cmz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Station! 1»i33»
oiOOa Man Jose, Trea linos, Santa Cmx,
Pacific finite, Paso Rnbles, San
],ula Oliispo, Guadalape. Surf and
Principal Way Stations ......:... 4tlOp
lOi4«a San Jose ami Way Stations •*:«Oa
I1:3Oa Sau Joae and Way Stations •SxSSa
•»i4Sp San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. SanU Clara, San .!<>««,
Ollroy, HoUistcr, Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and Faclße
1 • <1r0»e... , •l»«»«i
•»:»«p San Jose and Way Stations •»:«»«»
•4tl3r San Jose and Principal Way Stations »:43a
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way SUtiona 6::t.l ■
3:30p Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations S::i«p
6.-: tUp San Jose and Way Stations ?:3»p
t11;43i- San Joeeaml Way Stations 7i3or
- A for Morning. ■ P for Afternoon.
•Sundays eicepted. ■ J Sundays only, t Saturdays only
t Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
' RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO . SAN RAFAEL. •
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra ' trip
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 2:30.
. 5:00. 6:20 p. m. • •
■ SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20,; 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40. 5:10 p. m. , Saturdays — Extra . trips at
: 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ;• " .""** T• . " • '," '-' ■
SUNDAYS— B:IO,' 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40.
5:00. 6:25 p. m. £ ''' r *
-Between San • Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.' . ■ ■' - '■ '- - •
. Leave .- Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
-» : June 29,
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- M Week
Days. I days. Destination. day 3. .] Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Novato, |10:40 B:4oam
3:3opm 9:3oam Pelaluma, ■ j f. : 10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm| 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. ! : 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,-
Lytton.
'.-.::' Geyservllle, 1 : '
3:30 pm 8 :00 am Cloverdale. 7:35.pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am I Hopland and I . 110 :25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00am| . Ukiah. [ 7:3s pmt 6:22 pm
7:30 am •■ .' • I "•• I • 110:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:3T.pmj
3 pm j [ | 6:22pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am 8 :40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 am 11 0:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| - | 7:33 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs. Kelseyville. c rls t^
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's River-
side. Lierley's Buckneil Sanhedrin Heights,
Huliville, Boonevllle. Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
docino City. Fort Bragg. West port. • Usal. ■
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets , at
reduced rates. •  ■
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
' Ticket Offices; 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
AW' FOSTER. „ R - >-• RYAN
Pres*. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BBST RAILWAY .. .
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Pnlace Sleeping Car*
and Pullman TourLt Sleeping Cara
Run on the Following Time . '
l^ T« BanFranclsco.4:3o p. m.. S.M.T.W.T.F.*.
A^i7e Denver........8:00p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive '£££. CUy..7:00 a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
trrlve St Louis «:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W. |
JStI Chicago .»|oop. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meal* at Very Reason*
able Rates. - • •
vnil WIU BH CQMFQQTABLB
~ If You Travel on . the Santa Pa,,
m ■ FBAICISCy TICKET OFFICE— XI MARKET ft*
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531-
Otil&nd Offloo— lllB Broadway.' '" ; - •
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Joes Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara : 81m
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, 1898, . trains will run as follow:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. ' " . '" v " Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sta- - - Sunday ger.
Dally. Excptd . tions. jExc'ptd Dally.
r7:2oamr 7:20am 9:ooam Stockton 3:45 s:4«pm
9:loam 12:50pm Merced 12:50pm 3:53pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:3o am| 2:20 pm
11:35 am 6:45pm Hanford 7:45 am I:2spm
2:45 pm 11:50 Bakersfield 2:30 am ! 10:15 am
12:05 pm| 7:50 Visalla ! 6:40am112:0j prq
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
' Connections— At Stockton with steamboats; of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany;' leaving San Francisco and Stockton at «
p. m. dally; at Merced with stages to and from
SnelUngs. Coultervllle Yosemite. etc.: :, also
with r stage . from Hornltos, Marlposa. etc.; at
Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera. -.
■ MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
-. '.' : . " : (Via' Sausalito Ferry-)
. ' Leave' San ' Francisco, commencing May '1.
1898: -._ :-.:,-:■ • .: - ■ ■■-: > " ' vf;*
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— 9:00, 10:00. 11:30 a.--m., 1:45 and
2:30 p. m: : , ' - , , • , -.
Round trip from Mill Valley. |1.
THOS. i COOK & SON. Agents, 611 ; Market
street. San ITronf>l««vSERVICE OF
VOLUNTEERS
NEARLY ENDED
Mustering Out Will
Soon Be Begun.
HONOLULU TRIP CANCELED
CHARTERED TRANSPORTS ARE
TO BE DISCHARGED.
The Steamer Scandia, With Supplies
and a Million Dollars, Goes to
Manila Without Any
Troops.
"Xo further shipment of troops to
Honolulu will be made until General Mer
riam returns and reports on campsites."
Such was the telegraphic order from
Adjutant General Corbin, received yester
day at military headquarters. As Gen
eral Merritt has cabled that he needs no
more troops, and as General Merriam,
whcr is to be absent at least one month,
Wtll in all probabalHty make an unfavor
. aWe 1 report upon the probability of se
curing a suitable camp at Honolulu, it is
si.fe to say that the forces now here will
never- get any further toward the Philip
pines- that the Presidio. This will prove
a grea* . disappointment to them, and the!
consequence will bo a general desire to
$•■ mustered out. Under the circum
stances it is more than likely that the
mustering out of the volunteers will oc
\ cor at an early day. Among the officers
• &t military headquarters it was the ex
pected that happened this time in the re
vocation of the Honolulu orders, as the
' announcement that nearly. 10,000 soldiers
w'erc-to be landed at the islands was re
' garded as a useless move, and now some
dcr.hot hesitate to say that it was an in
temional bluff "to jolly the boys along."
• l.ri. .fact, the revocation was looked for
.almost any day by some of the wiser
'heads, 1 and to them it was not much of a
surprise.
. "The .Scandia should leave with sup
piles ■as soon as possible, and not take
tiny troops. She will be used as a hos
pital ship, if needed, after reaching Ma
ritla. Inform Colonel Long."
: The foregoing is the text of another
dispatch from Ueneral Corbin. and to gain
more definite information about the Scan
dltt, the Arizona and other transports.
Colonel. Long wired the War Department
at Once, receiving in reply the follow
ing:
•"The Question about the Peking has
' been referred to the President. Annul
ih'e charter of the Navy Department, and
ft later on you see fit to hire her you
may do so. You are authorized to cancel
the charters of thx- Australia and the Syd
ney, .and discharge the vessels. You are
requested to have a board of survey or
dered to act in concert with a board
nominated by the owners of the vessels
apd .determine the amount of damagre. if i
■ any.- that has been sustained by the ves
sew. It has been decided that no more
■ vessels .shall be sent to Honolulu, and
: tHerefore-. they are not needed. The
Seandia will be sent to Manila with sup-
J'lirs."
•N'-ihing is said concerning the Arizona,
■which- will fie tied up at Honolulu until
further orders.
'.■"the two and a half companies of the
First New York remaining at the Presidio,
an J -.which were scheduled to sail on the
Sfr'andTia for Honolulu, are. under the or
<!'• fs from Washington, left out in the cold ;
j i..r will navi- lv stay there until other
Instructions are received. A question is !
.also "rased as to whether the 120 members
at. -the" Hospital Corps designated to sail
«>n-. the. Scandia for Manila are soldiers
or neutrals under the Red Cross flag \
■ which will fly from the hospital ship upon
reaching the Philippines. Information has i
beeiri' asked for from Washington as to all
. these 'questions-.
. ■ .Among the troops soon to be mustered
pat,-, as announced in a Washington dis
patch; are the California battalion of Ar- j
till.cry and the First Washington Volun- :
teers. now stationed here, and the extra ;
.battalion of this regiment now in the j
. State of Washington. Colonel Wholley, i
cOfnmanding this regiment, does not how
ever believe this report.
'.In the event that the Washingtonians
are mustered out the New Yorkers now at
the. Presidio expect to do garrison duty
at that post, if they fail in their efforts
to Join the balance of the regiment at |
• Honolulu. They are making a resperate '
effort' to Induce the War Department to !
allow them to sail on the Scandia for
Honolulu.
The. Scandia. with her supplies and $1.
•P00..000 in coin for General Merritt's troops,
■jnay.sail to-morrow.
SEVENTH CALIFORNIA.
Now Located at the Presidio.
. Denial That It Has an Epi
demic of Typhoid.
: The Seventh California Regiment moved
•over to the Presidio yesterday morning
■ and went into camp to the west «of the
First New York upon the cavalry parade
ground. The report of an epidemic of ty
ph.oid fever In the regiment is denied by
t'olonel Berry and his medical officers.
. Captain Roblee, one of the surgeons, said
': yesterday: "There is no epidemic of fever
and. the general health is good. The facts
. nTf that Companies I and H, when we
. -.went into camp upon the site formerly
i.rocupied by the North Dakota, were so
••unfoYtunate as to locate over some gar
bage sinks, not known to us at the time.
Several cases of fever developed among
'the. men of tnese companies, and the fe
v.?r was entirely confined to them. Only
■ fourteen cases in the whole regiment
were' sent to the division hospital. Some
of- these are now convalescing, while
-Others have the disease in a mild form.
This fever was caused entirely by the
local trouble, and it was deemed best, as
t.he regiment was not to be immediately
sent away, that it should be moved. The
.fpy^er would have appeared under like
circumstances in any regiment, and it is
...not an f'i>idemlc."
. Colonel Berry confirms Captain Rob-
Je.e's statement by Raying that the fever
is not an epidemic, but the result of local
trouble, and he further states that his
■command is fit and ready for service.
COL. BARBER'S DAMPENER.
A Story to the Effect That His
Adverse Letter on Camp
Sites Played the Mischief.
The men at the Prufdlo are thoroughly
disgusted and especially so are the sol
fliers of the long, ill-treated Seventh Cali
fornia In finally being turned down. The
• disappointment of again being ordered to
remain here in especially hard on this
regiment, and it would appear that it is
•destined to see all of it* service In San
Francisco. There is a story back of the
order for the sending of no more troops
to the Philippines that Is worth telling,
an it again brings forward the long
talked of and much discussed pull of Colo
nel Barber, of the First New V<irk Regi
ment. The facts as given out by a prom
inent officer at the Presidio show that the
aforesaid pull of Colonel Barber is respon
sible for the temporary delay in getting
the troops away.
General Alerriam was in receipt of a let
ter from Colonel Barber after he reached
Honolulu, in which that officer expatiated
"at some length upon the difficulty he had
experienced in finding a suitable site for'
a camp. It la said that Colonel Barber
was somewhat embittered because he was
unable to secure a particularly choice sit
uation. Whether true or not, he threw
such a damper upon available camping
sites, in hie letter to General Mtrriam,
that that officer deemed it best to leave
•at once for Honolulu to look into the
matter himself. This explains the gen
eral's sudden departure. The contents of
HAD A FRUIT BOX FOR A CRADLE.
A Dark-Eyed Little Foundling Left on Arthur
Tucker's Front Doorstep.
There is a new resident In Emeryville. She came In so mysterious and
unusual a* manner that the whole little town is excited over her advent and
frankly curious to know all about her.
Her name is Alice, and her age is doubtful, although experts declare
she cannot be over two days old. Her only possessions are a quantity
of coarse clothing, a tiny bit of pink ribbon, a card on which is written
in deformed characters, "Alice. August 24th," and a fruitbox, which did
duty for the little newcomer's cradle.
Early Wednesday morning Arthur G. Tucker found the little one on the
front doorstep of his residence on Summer street, near Adelaide, snugly en
sconced in a small fruitbox. Out of a quantity of 'coarse, ill-fitting gar
ments rose a tiny little face, with round cheeks, smooth and soft as
the petals of a rosebud. A "pair of glorious dark eyes, smiled confidingly
up at the man who gazed in speechless wonder at the little stranger,
two little chubby fists were spread out and two tiny '"tootsie wootsies"
kicked with delight at the pleasure of being, and the enjoyment of a
matutinal meal supplied by means of a nursing bottle, filled with the
nectar babies love.
Fastened with a bit of faded pink ribbon round the little one's neck
was a piece of paper with ragged edge, on which was written "Alice—Au
gust 24th."
Although the dark beauty of the little foundling leads one to believe
that little Alice Is of Spanish extraction, the characteristics of the writ
ten name are decidedly German. At the Home of Love for Children, 1301
Franklin street, little Alice has found a temporary home, where she
kicks and coos to her heart's content, all unmindful of a mother's love
and father's protection.
Colonel Barber's letter were communicat
ed to the War Department, and there is
but little or no doubt that it is responsible
for the orders issued by Secretary Alger.
The officer referred to above, in discuss
ing the matter yesterday, said: Ihe
idea of there not being suitable camping
sites in Honolulu for 5000 troops is ab
surd. They could certainly be no worse
than Camp Merritt. The people of Hono
lulu could easily find campfng sites if
they knew the troops would be sent.
ACCURACY OF GUNNERS.
A Test With the Ten- Inch Guns
at Fort Point Yesterday
Afternoon.
The accuracy of American gunners, to
gether with the irresistible destructive
force of the modern high power gun, was
never better illustrated than In the test
ing of the three big 10-inch guns at Fort
Point yesterday. The guns were fired by
Battery E. Third Artillery, under com
mand of Captain Pratt. This battery,
a disappearing one. was fired for the pur
pose of testlng\ie carriages recently ad
justed by Captain Babbitt of the Ord
nance Department. The weight of the
shells was 575 pounds each, and the
charge of powder to each was 280 pounds
The velocity was 2025 feet per second, and
the range was at a target off Point Bo
nita a distance of 4630 yards, or over
three miles. Both the first an<3 second
shots were liners and would have struck
a vessel, the first 20 feet above the water
line and the second 15 feet above. The
third fell ten yards short, but would
have struck on a ricochet. The test was
eminently satisfactory to the artillery' of
ficers. It was witnessed by the soldiers
of the Sixth California Regiment and the
First Battalion of the First Washington,
and a large number of officers. The
noise caused by the shells in the course
through the air was deafening. When
they hit the water they threw the spray
into the air to the height of a hundred
feet and then made a ricochet a distance
of 1500 feet beyond, where they first
struck.
DISTINGUISHED VISITORS.
Senator Faulkner and Repre
sentatives Moody and Loud
at the Presidio.
The Joint United States Senate and
House Committee on Post and Post
Roads, consisting of Senator Charles J.
Faulkner of West Virginia and Represen
tatives W. H. Moody of Massachusetts
and Eugene F. Loud of California, accom
panied by Postal Inspector Erwin, paid
an informal visit to the Presidio yester
day morning. The distinguished guests
were met by General Miller and staff.
They witnessed guard mount, and in their
honor the Fourth Cavalry band was
mounted. At the conclusion of this cere
mony a salute of 17 guns was fired by a
detail from Battery E of the Third Artil
lery, under command of First Lieutenant
McNair. The committee was then escort
ed by General Miller and staff to Fort
Point, where they were shown the harbor
defenses and the working of. the big guns.
They were accompanied by Colonel Whol
ley of the First Washington and First
Lieutenant Harris, adjutant of the Fourth
Cavalry. After Fort Point had been vis
ited the Congressmen thanked the officers
for their courtesies and continued their
day's pleasure by a visit to the Cliff
House.
War Incidents.
The court martial appointed for the trial
of the soldiers, against whom charges
were preferred for being implicated in the
attack upon the negro, Dan Thomas, was
in session for a short time yesterday
morning. Private Scruggs, Company E,
charged with having struck Thomas on
the head while being escorted to the Ten
nesset camp by Major Cheatham, was be
fore the court. It was found necessary to
make some technical revisions in the
charges against him. This was done and
the court adjourned. It will be in session
again to-day.
Post Quartermaster Sergeant Neisser,
with a detail from the Fourth Cavalry,
left the Presidio yesterday with forty
eight horses assigned to Troop A of the
same regiment now stationed at Fort
Walla Walla.
The remaining battalion of the Twenty
third Infantry and the Oregon recruits
will move from Camp Merritt to the Pre
sidio this morning. This winds up Camp
Merritt.
SEVERE ACCIDENT
TO DR. FITZGIBBON
THE RESULT OF A RUNAWAY
ON WALLER STREET.
His Wrist Broken and Body Badly
Bruised — Driver King Also
Slightly Injured.
A severe accident befell Dr. Gerald J.
Fitzgibbon of the Board of Health yes
terday morning while driving down Wal
ler street. His right wrist was broken,
and he sustaned several bad bruises. His
carriage driver, Frank King, was also
cut on the head and bruised.
The doctor had been called to the home
of Undertaker H. B. McAvoy, at the
corner of Broderick and Waller streets,
to attend a little daughter of Mr. Mc-
Avoy, who had dislocated her arm. l T pon
leaving the house he directed King to
drive him to his office, 204 Haight street.
While coming down the Waller street
hill the harness broke and the dash
board of the carriage struck one of the
team of horses, both of them spirited an
imals. A runaway resulted. At the
Scott street crossing the vehicle struck
sideways against a rock wagon which
was being unloaded, and was thrown on
its side, pitching out the doctor and his
driver. The former struck on his right
arm and head, snapping the wrist, and
fanning bad cuts. He was dazed by the
shock, and for some time afterward
seemed to be suffering from internal in
juries, but finally recovered to such an
extent that Dr. Ragan, who attended the
sufferer, pronounced him out of danger.
It was not thought necessary to take the
injured doctor to a hospital, and he was
carried to his home.
King was at first conveyed to the Ger
man Hospital and later to the home of
hfs employer. He will be confined to his
bed for several weeks.
It will be some time before Dr. Fitz
gibbon will be able to leave his house.
5c dellcloui wines draw large crowds and lartre
family orders. Mohns & Kaltenbach, 2» Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 25, 1898.
WANT CREEGAN AND
BECKER BEHIND BARS
PETITION TO RECONSIDER THE
FORGERY CASE.
Scate Officials and Bankers of the
World Fight to Prevent a Retrial
of These Criminals.
Attorney General W. F. Fitzgerald
backed by the local police and all of the
bankers of the United States and Europe,
is malting an effort to have the notorious
Beeker-Creegan forgery case reheard by
the Justices of the Supreme Court. These
fellows are a portion of the gang of
forgers who two years ago victimized the
Nevada Bank to the tune of $22,000 on a
forged check. The evidence upon which
these two were convicted and upon which
they were sentenced to life imprisonment
by Superior Judge Wallace was about
as strong as could be produced. How
ever, the microscopic eye of the law dis
covered a technical error or two and the
results of months of detective work was
upset by the cases being sent back to the
Superior Court for another trial, which
would create other complications that
mighl end in acquittal.
As shown by the appeal to the Supreme
Justices for a rehearing of the case, the
bankers of the entire world are deeply in
terested in having the chief forger, Beck
er, behind iron bars and out of harnVs
way, for during the past dozen or more
years he and his gang have swindled
bankers on forged paper in every large
city of the United States and Europe. A
few years ago the gang visited Paris,
Prague, Berlin, London and other big Eu
ropean cities and they cleaned up about
J2DU.OOO as the result of that one trip. Six
years ago the same fellows came to this
city and' fleeced the bankers out of a
iartje amount, the Nevada Bank being one
of the victims. It was the intention then
to make a raid on the Heliman bank in
Los Angeles, but somehow there was a
slip and the forgers went East. When
they were arrested for the last crime
they were preparing to go to South Am
erican cities and make a clean-up there.
The bankers, knowing that so long as
Becker is at liberty they are never safe,
were extremely anxious when the judg
ment of Judjge Wallace was reversed and
the forgers placed in a position to get a
new trial, and possibly secure their free
dom through other loopholes of the law.
In the petition for a rehearing of the mat
ter the situation Is thus distinctly set
forth: "We most earnestly urge that
the court recede from its present posi
tion anci give us an opportunity to show
why in the interests of substantial jus
tice, and of law and order, the judgment
against these defendants should be affirm
ed. Whenever these technical rules of
evidence become so rigidly inflexible that
they cannot bend to meet the exigencies
of those cases where shrewd and danger
ous criminals deliberately plan their op
erations with a view to rely upon such
technicalities, then the law itself will be
an accomplice in crime, and we will have
lost the most cherished feature of our
system of jurisprudence."
WOODMEN TAKE AN
OUTING ON THE WATER
PLEASANT EXCURSION ON SAN
FRANCIS. CO BAY.
Strangers Shown the Grandeur of the
Harbor and Points of Interest
on the City Front.
The head officers and delegates to the
camp of the Pacific jurisdiction of the
Woodmen of the World were the guests
of the reception committee of the local ■
camps yesterday, and they enjoyed the
hospitality of the committee in the nature i
of an excursion on the bay on board of ,
the steamer Caroline, Captain Leale. In
addition to the officers and delegates
there were a large number of ladles,
many of them delegates to the Grand
Circle of the Women of Woodcraft.
There were about 200 persons on board,
and the trip was enlivened by music by
a brass band. The steamer cast off at 10
o'clock and steamed from Pacific-street
wharf along the front to Port Point, giv
ing the excursionists a good opportunity
to view all points of interest. Then the
steamer was headed for Sausallto, after
which the excursionists were taken
through Raccoon Straits to within a rea
sonable distance of the quarantine sta
tion on Angel Island, where they had an
opportunity to obtain a distant view of
Beveral hundred passengers from China
who are quarantined there. Then they
were taken along the line of the eastern
Bhore of Marin County as far as San
Quentin, the steamer going close to the
landing place, from which point all had
an opportunity to see the State prison and
surroundings.
At noon the steamer slowed down and
the guests were treated to a fine collation.
Then a course southward was taken, the
steamer on the way down circling round
the United States ship Bennington, the
excursionists cheering the men on the war
vessel. After that they were taken to the
drydock at Hunters Point, where they
were allowed to land and view the dock,
a great curiosity to many of the delegates.
They were also taken close to the Union
Iron Works, where they had an opportu
nity to see the torpedo-destroyer Farra
gut and a number of vessels on the Vays
undergoing repairs.
Members of the local camps and the
committee were kept bußy explaining all
points of Interest which could be seen
from the deck of the steamer. The ex
cursion was a most pleasant one, and the
strangers were loud In their praises of
the committeemen who had provided such
an interesting day's outing for them. They
were also praiseful of the beauty of the
bay and the surroundings.
In the evening there was an exemplifi
cation of the work of the woodcraft be
fore the delegates in Odd Fellows' Hall
by a team in costume.
A SILVER
R WEDDING.
Dr. and Mrs. Voorsanger Enjoy
Twenty-Five Years of
Wedded Bliss.
The silver wedding anniversary of Rev.
William C. Voorsanger, D.D., rabbi of
Temple Emanu-El Congregation, was
pleasantly celebrated last evening. The
board of directors paid the rabbi a visit,
bringing n magnificent silver service as
a testimonial. Many onier presents were
received of the most beautiful and costly
description. There were also fully KM)
telegrams from friends all over the coun
try congratulating the rabbi and his wife
upon the advent of their silver anniver
sary. One came from the former con
gregation of the rabbi at Houston, Tex.
The home was beautifully decorated
with ferns, palms and nowers. Orchestral
music and a supper were pleasing fea
tures of the affair. _,„,.,
Those present were the board of direc
tors and their wives and relatives of the
family of the rabbi. The list was as fol
lows: Mr. and Mrs. Peixotto. Mr. and
Mrs. Greenebaum. Mr. and Mrs. Julius
Jacobs. Abraham Anspacher. Mr. and
Mrs. Simon Newman, Mr. and Mrs. E.
Heller Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Naphtaly,
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Silverberg, Mr. and
Mrs. Rosenstock. Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Wangenheim, Mr. and Mrs. i^ipman
Sachs. Rev. E. J. Stark and wife. Mr.
and Mrs. Sam Rosener. Dr. and Mrs. Ja
cob Nieto. Mr. and Mrs. E. Levy. Pro
fessor Max Margolis. Mr. and Mrs IS,
Rosenbaum, Mr. and Mrs. B. W ell, MY.
and Mrs. A. W. Vorsanger and members
of the rabbi's family.
On next Saturday and Sunday after
noon there will be a reception at the
home, 1249 Franklin street, to all of the
friends and memoers of the congrega
tion.
Rabbi Voorsanger and wife were mar
ried in Cincinnati by Rabbi Isaac M.
Wise. They have both made many warm
friends since coming to San Francisco.
Butchers Make Merry.
The Journeymen Butchers' Protective
and Benevolent Association entertained
their lady friends last night at Pythian
Castle Hall, and it was a well-attended
affair. An interesting programme was
presented which was opened by the Lur
line Orchestra. Past President S. Isaacs
made a few introductory' remarks, during
which he paid a high tribute to the retir
ing treasurer, John O'Keefe, who has held
the office for four years, at the same time
presenting to that gentleman a beautiful
badge suitably inscribed as a testimonial
of respect. Songs were contributed by
Messrs. Palmer, and Ben Davis, Misses
Kelly and Cora Davis. The rest of the
programme was as follows: Violin duet,
Messrs. Gutte and Smith; graphophone
solo. Ad. Miller; piano selection. Miss
Sadie Davis; baton exercise. Frank Poole.
WAS NOT POISONED.
The Death of Mrs. H. L. Foss Was
Not Due to Morphine.
The friends and relatives of the late
Mrs. H. L. Foss, who died on Sunday last
at the City and County Hospital, are
much incensed at the story of her death
that was published in the Examiner. That
journal in a sensational way stated that
her death was due to morphine poisoning,
taken with suicidal intent. Dr. T. B.
Roache. who attended the deceased, in a
letter to the relatives at Livermore. says
the Examiner's report was a malignant
lie He says there were no symptoms of
her illness that would indicate any poison
having been taken by her, and he con
tradicts the statement that she was a
morphine habuug.
Thrown Out of Hi" Buggy.
Louis Levy, a clothier, doing business at
Jackson and Battery streets, met with a
bad accident on Market street near Stock
ton, yesterday. By the breaking of the
forward axle of his buggy he was thrown
on the cobbles, receiving a severe cut over
the left temple, besides internal injuries.
■ » »
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Annie F. Schwatka (Johnson) to Martha R.
Hathaway, lot on E line of Hartford street.
272 B of Nineteenth, S 25 by E 125: $3000.
Annie ODonnell (minor, by Matthew Mar
tin, guardian) to W. B. Cluff. undivided Vi of
undivided % of lot on NW corner of Beach
and Leaven worth streets, N 137:6 by W 187:6;
$675. •
/Same (by John A* Percy, guardian) to same,
undivided Vi of undivided % of same; $675.
Hugh O'Donnell (minor, by same) : to same,
undivided V* of undivided % of same; $675.. :'.■-■■-;
Anna E., Henry H.. Janet C. and Louis M.
Halght to San Francisco Gaslight Company,
lot on HW corner of Howard and lieale streets,
N 137:6 by W 275, quitclaim deed; $10.
San Francisco Gaslight Company to Christian
Froelich, lot on NW line of Howard street, 100
NE of Fremont, NE 67:6 by NW 108:4; $10.
Martha H. Eastman 1 to Martha E. Blake, lot
on E line of Twelfth avenue. -275 S of Cali
fornia street, S2sby E 120; $10.  ;,
Charles J. Campbell to James A. Thompson.
lot on N line of Clement street. 30 \V of Fif
teenth avenue.- N 104:3. E 30. N ■ 225 •• 105,
S 125. W 100, S 204:3. E 60, N 104:3. E 25, S 104:3.
E 100, quitclaim deed; $1. ■■ ■: '•
George \V. Day wait to George T. Cameron
(as assignee • A. J. Wheelock & Co.. lnvolvent).
lot on SW corner Fourteenth avenue and C
street. W 27:6 by S 100; $1000. ' :
■ Estate of Victolre Jacquot (by A. C. Freese,
administrator) to Peter P&tpie. lot on SW cor
ner of N street and Fourteenth avenue. S\N 125
by S 100. lots 20 to 24, .. block . 291.% ON. & H.
Tract; $1000. •
Solomon and Dora Get* to - Margaret Holy.
lot on S line of 'Montana street, 125 W of Ply
mouth. W 150 by S 125. block S, Railroad Home
stead Association; $400. 'V ..••;■-■. •-
Louis and George Serres to Bernarde Serres.
lot on SW corner of Florence and - Randolph
streets, W 100 by 8 100, .lots 29 to 32, block 41,
City Land Association; gift.
Alameda County. \
Antonio and Maria Mtgall to A. A. Ambrose
and Sarafino Fazio, undivided % Interest In lot
on N E corner lof Castro and Fourth street*.
N 62:6 by E 100, block 47. Oakland ; $10.
Henry "P. F. and Christina Bayly to Henry
G. -Bayly the E "4 of lot S. block 2087, Alden
Tract at Temescal, Oakland Annex; gift.
Olef H. Reggelson to Nels Iversen. lot on NE
corner of Seminary avenue and Virginia street,
N 50 by E 110:6, lots 1 and 2, Bromley Tract,
quitclaim ; deed, Brooklyn Township: $5.
San Francisco Savings Union to Thomas |E.
Gay, lot on SW corner of Lafayette street and
San Antonio avenue. W 44 by S 150, block 11,
Amended Map of Bartletr Tract, Alameda;
moo.
B. and Antoinette .Valerga to T. T. and Han
nah Valerga. lot on E line ■of Grove street,
140:6 N of Thirty-eighth. N 50 by E 110, Oak
land Annex; $10. -•--.■' . .- •
S. F. and Ellen Sinclair to Lucy Moody, the
N one-sixth of an Inch of . lot 20, block 70.
quitclaim deed:. Oakland; $10.
■ Alexander Martin Sr. to Charles W. Boll?*,
lot on E line of Franklin street.' 152 N of-Del
ger or Twentieth. SE 80.92. NE 32.03.' NW 82.ru.
SW 32, to beginning. Oakland: $10. < •-;■■
A., S. and Augustine N. Drais to Thomas J.
Drals. undivided , hi interest in lot on the ,\E
corner of West and Nineteenth streets. N 100
by ■ 40, block Q. Barnes Tract. Oakland: UO
Daniel and Annie M. Wilson to L. M. -LiiwM,.
lot on NW corner of Dwlght way and Milvla
street, W 50. N 135. E 60. S \ 135. 48, to begin
ning, being lot 2, block 6, Barker Tract, Berke
ley; $3500. . . ■ - - '. --v ■■ '. ' :-y
Carl P. and Alice C. Jensen to Adolph Nie
haus. lot 22, block 63.. tract- B. Berkeley Land
and Town Improvement Association, warranty
deed.' Berkeley; $325."
Herman and Elizabeth Schuck to Hermlne
Hlester, lot on SE corner of California and
Francisco streets. E 120 by S 135:4^.' being lot
B. block 2. property of State University Home
stead Association. Berkeley; gift. ,
■♦ • ■
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A R Lambert, Pa , C Cavanagh, Ft Bragi?
\V Salter & w, L Angrl A Maltman, Pac Grve
H W Smith, Chicago M Blkks Jr. Orovllle
N J Blagen. Or ' F M Goldsmith. N T
O W Wheeler, Nev E P Grant. Modesto
J H Shirk. Chicago R Thomas, Cal
Vv Sharp, Sausalito iW J Rostetter, N V
M Durst. Wheatland . Mrs Xlrhnlls Jr, DFlt
W L Smith. Berkeley iMlss Nichoils. D Flat
N Hawkins, Woodland P Ptoddard. Merced
Mrs Hartley. Oakland P Hirst. Vallejo
H D Scribner. Deooto U3 Brentz. Santa Cruz
H Mnbury. San Jose Mrs W Traftan. Cal
X D Kucker, San Jose Dr Cross. Stockton
T B Perkins. NY A McAllister. Kan L O
W T Mlley, Los Ang W (5 Pearse. Mass
J F Jordan. Vlsalla Miss L Lockwood. Sac
O Oninsky & w, Stktn N A Batkin. Cal
W M I>avldson. Cal P UtOker. Sacto
M r>"tman. Redding C E Holllster. Racto
J Dalton, St Loulb I- Jordan St. w. Sacto
W F Bailey, Dublin F M H«hth. Riverside
G H Bailey, Cal F W Eaton. S Mateo
T B Hennesy, Chicago J LudwlK. Marlposa
H Southwalte, Ogden F RatcllfT. N» Bedford
G A Smith. Courtland A Sturtevant. N Bford
PALACE HOTEL.
r P Carson, Seattle -AC Rogers, L Ang
C Loughbrldge.' Chgo M H Cordoxo, N V
I} • Nelson Oakland ••'- - BJ A Cordozo, N, V
C M Lorlgan, B Jose M H Cordozo Jr. N V
I) A Counselus, USA H• B Bamburger. NY
U-■ Miller Palo Alto • U Edwards/Palo "Alto:
[> IJppincott. N Haven }>r J " J Miller, S Jose
I H Ferguson,* NY- Mrs! Wilcox&m, L Ang
1) T Daniels, Wash - 'Mrs Longstreet. I, Ang
Miss : Davlee, Wash • Mrs Miner,": L An* p -
D T navies. Wash ' A II .Wllcox/L Ang
Bli Burdlck, NY . -JS.L Heller, N V ,
f H Crane, NY lire E L Heller. N V r-'
Mrs Crane & c. NY., fllsa Reheder, N V .
f? H Platt, N V ' V U Tows NY
Mrs Platt. A c, NY ' H; Jack. S L Obispo -.:'
Pr Hitchcock. L, Ag: V Jenkins, Stanford
Dr Moore, L Ang .•- LA Grant,: L; Ang
a ; BALDWIN hotel.. :: -v ; : ■■■
J Roach Red Hluff |H O Bell, Chicago
Q Dickon, Red Bluff JT M Rellly, N V
T Longmore, HoplandA B C Dotwell. Cal
A W Peterson, Sacto B F Cheathum, Term
Mlas Peterson, Sacto ,Ml»s Laoßen, S Jose
C S Simpson, Cal Ml"* Page, S Jose
iJr Lewferrin, Eureka \V Hollenberry. Cal
J Hocking. Grass Val Mlsb F O'Brien. N V
H W Adams, R.ioto I Miss r> Browning. N V
G C Osborne, Oregon \'.'- F George, L Ang
N V Loekwood. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
i A King. Sacto |l* Thompson, Vlsalia
C E Anthony. Ky \L Rlter, Fresno
IV Ekllnd DavlßVllle Mrs V Baxter, Stktn
h M Small, Riverside '9 F Sullivan, L Ang
M Peterson, S Diego I 5I 5 M Sullivan, L Ang
; D Brown, Vlsalia Jlrs D Sullivan. L Ang:
C chesley, Fresno C Watson, Salinas
,1 E Jackson. Cal ) H Harris, Merced
M L Evans, Reno F Mooney, Chicago
L C Smith. Or ]f C Redman, Boston
3 B Freeman. Fresno ;
PUNK A
GRAND SHOW
Oakland Exposition to
Embrace the State.
INVITATIONS ARE ISSUED
i
TRADES' DEMONSTRATION IS TO
OPEN THE AFFAIR.
After the War Is Settled Oakland
Intends to Take the Lead
in Fostering Home
Progress.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 21.
The directors of the Oakland Exposi
tion, to be opened In this city November
12, at their last meeting announced that
the annual exhibition should be a State
affair. They decided that Oakland should
be the first in the field to take up the
question of booming commerce and prod
ucts after the close of the war. An exe
cutive committee was appointed, consist
ing of Theo Gier, H. O. Trowbridge,
George Roeth, John T. Bell and C. S.
Booth.
It is proposed that the first day of the
exposition be characterized by a mam
moth trades parade, and to invite all the
commercial bodies of the State to par
ticipate in the exhibits.
The following circular has been mailed
to every commercial organization in Cali
fornia:
OAKLAND, August 23, 1898.
Gentlemen: At a recent meeting of the Board
of. Directors of the Oakland Exposition a reso
lution was adopted to hold an Industrial exhi
bition, beginning November 12 and ending De
cember 3. 1898, which will be open to the
manufacturers and producers of the State of
California. This action has been recommended
by the manufacturer* and merchants of Oak
land, who have the interest of their city and
State at heart, and the feeling le unanimous
regarding the broadening of the scope of their
fourth annual industrial exhibition. The pre
vious expositions held in Oakland limited the
exhibits to the manufactures and products of
Alameda County only, and owing to the fact
that Oakland was the pioneer in America of
the holding of a successful home products ex
position, the directors, desirous of being pro
gressive in developing the interests of their
city, have decided to invite the manufacturers
and producers throughout the State to ex
hibit, and it is the wish of the directors that
your association lend its auspices and good
will in assisting them to make this exposition
a great success, as Its alms and ambitions
are In accord with your own.
We would consider It a great favor If you
will bring this matter before your association
at your earliest convenience and favor us with
your decision.
SHE WAS NOT
A LONE WIDOW
A Boy and an Estate in
the Mattingly Case.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 24.
A husband who was not known to ex
ist and a lady who piesides over a chil
dren's home in Alameda are contesting
before Judge Ellsworth for the guardian
ship of a boy and the administration of
an- estate.
Some months ago Mrs. Eliza Mattlngly,
who was always supposed to be a widow,
and who lived with her boy in North
Oakland, was found dead In her kitchen.
When the lad went to school in the morn
ing his mother was quite well, and when
he returned at 3 o'clock in the afternoon
she was dead. An autopsy and medical
testimony proved that she died of a rup
tured heart. This condition was said by
the physicians to be due to a sudden !
laugh, a violent cough, or even a heavy ;
sneeze, and on this showing the jury re
turned their verdict.
It has since been ascertained that Mrs.
Mattingly was not a widow, but a di
vorced woman, and it is probable that on
the day of her death she received some
information of her husband that led to
the peculiar accident that caused death.
The boy is 11 years old and was placed
after his mother's death in a home in
Alameda. Miss M. L. Jones applied for
and was granted letters of guardianship
over the boy. A little later she also sued
for letters of administration to take
charge of the estate left by Mrs. Mat
tingly. The latter application is now be- \
Ing contested by the Public Administra- ,
tor, and to the surprise of all concerned '
a Mr. Mattingly. who declares he is the
divorced husband of the dead woman
and the father of the boy. has come for
ward with a counter petition for letters
of guardianship. He declares that he is
anxious to bring up the boy and Is in a
position to do so. and has ~een cited to
appear and present his case in court.
Miss Jones has been summoned to show
cause why the boy's father should not
become his guardian.
EDWARD LAWREY
HAS TWO NAMES
Served With a Divorce
Suit in Jail.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Aug. 24.
Mary 8. Lawrey has broagrht suit for
divorce from Edward C. l.avrey, the
author of the song which has rrequently
brought forth applause in San Francisco
theaters— "Boys, Remember the Maine."
The couple have not been married many
years, but the wife alleges that there is
a sad lack of patriotic feeltng on the part
of her husband, as shown by his treat
ment of his wife. A peculiar Incident in
connection with the suit was discovered
when papers were served on Lawrey. He
has two names, and when he gets into
trouble he appears as J. Yarevell. Under
the latter name he is now serving a short
sentence for drunkenness in the County*
Jail and his identity would not have
been discovered had not his wife brought
suit for divorce just at the time when it
was so easy to find her husband.
When told of the action to which he is
defendant this afternoon Lawrey cried
like a child. "It is all due to drink,
drink, drink." said he. "My wife has
charged me with attempting to choke her
and with throwing her against the furni
ture and similar acts ot cruelty, and I
guess they are all true. I have been ren
dered so unnatural by drink that I do
n6t know what I might have done. I
have not supported her, although some
time ago, realizing I was not doing right,
I deeded to her a good gravel mine in
Auburn City."
Reliance Club Events.
OAKLAND, Aug. 24.— The Reliance Club
will give a boxing night. Friday evening,
September 2, at which there will be three
"try-outs" and two eight round goes for
decisions. The principal events will be
Mike McCormick of Oakland against Phil
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABNT NT. : Established
In 1954 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. I Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cnreafraar»nt**d;* Callorwrlte.
1 Dr. J, i\ ufBBQIit Box 1037, Sao Francisco.
Green of Company F, Eighth Regiment,
weight'l4s pounds; and Gus Koster of the
San Francisco Athletic Club against Jack
La Rue of San Francisco. The men are
evenly matched and promise a good even
ing's sport.
Mrs. Quigley's Death.
OAKLAND, Aug. 24.— Ellen Quigley died
at the Receiving Hospital this afternoon
from cerebral hemorrhage, resulting from
a fall down the stairs at her home last
Saturday, when she had been suddenly
stricken with paralysis. She was a
widow aged 77 years and resided at the
corner of Sycamore and Grove streets.
Meadcrs to Face the Court.
OAKLAND, Aug. 24.— The preliminary
examination of James Meadors, charged
with the murder of Jonas Ury at Camp
Barrett, was to-day continued until next
Tuesday afternoon at 2 o'clock in Justice
Lawrence's court. Eugene Deuprey ap
peared as Meadors' counsel.
Oakland News Ijtem.
Fred E. Titus has assigned to Frank F.
Titus a sum of $3000. a portion of a be
quest to him of $10,000 under the will of
the late Daniel Titus.
Mail for Manila.
The mail to go on the steamer Scandia
for soldiers and sailors at Manila will
close on Saturday at 7 o'clock a. m., sharp.
Filed a Bankrupt Petition.
Charles Bernhardt of San Jose, a deal
er in groceries, filed a petition of volun
tary bankruptcy in the District Court
yesterday. His liabilities are $7400 and
his assets $3300.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
TRO^LAMAfIONT
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO. July 30th, 1898. !
WHEREAS. The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
in favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
4L)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township.
board of education or school district shall In-
cur any indebtedness or liability In any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the Income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such Indebtedness as It falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years: pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and In determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner; and provided further, that the Ctty of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred in the construction
of its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purple shall #o decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7>4. The Inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State.
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall "then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two *uch papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days" after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act. certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
netting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited, one In the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded In the
office of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended, at intervals of not less than two
rears, by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified el"Ctor!> thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
in a newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
others.
It shall be competent in all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which, the times at which, and the terms for
which the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tion: for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner In which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such hoards, and of their clerks and attaches;
al«o to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted' and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any county has. In the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted nny
county government act. and the same shall
have "been approved by the Legislature as
aforesaid the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State and likewise providing frr the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
Said county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to t\e electors and ratified in the
manner hereinabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THFTfcE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section.
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section -Vi- The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims "hall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
its Judgment thereon shall bo final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March:
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday in July,
and
In the Ctty of Sacramento, commencing on
JAMES WOODALL IS
ADJUDGED INSANE
WELL-KNOWN RAILWAY MAN
COMMITTED TO NAPA.
Threatened to Destroy His Wife and
Himself — Derangement Caused
by an Accidental Injury.
OAKLAND, Aug. 24.— James "Woodall
was examined for insanity before Judge
Hall to-day and was committed to the
Napa asylum.
Woodall's case is a sad one. He is one
of the best known railroad men in this
section of the State, one of the oldest and
most popular train men in the employ
of the Southern Pacific Company.
His mental derangement is the result
of an accident which occurred in 18S3.
when he was struck in the head by a
trunk, sustaining a fractured skull. Since
then he has been subject to fits, but only
of late has his condition become dan
gerous to himself and family.
He resides at 1737 Shattuck avenue,
Berkeley. The unfortunate man has sev
eral times threatened to kill his wife, and
lately attempted to commit suicide. To
save him from future harm his relatives
caused his examination and commitment.
One variety of Joy is the discovery
that your last nickel is a quarter.
the second I Monday of November of each year.
The Judges holding such term of court shall
receive -no - extra compensation therefor, but
shall receive, their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide : the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
of this section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
: stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
; by adding a new section thereto, to be known
, as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
said proposed new section to read as follows:
■ Section 5*4.. The provisions of sections four
; and five of this article shall not. nor shall any
; legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
! any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
; have become, or shall become, organized under
j section seven, or secure a charter under section
! eight of this article.
•• : \ AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
1 (Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
-■ . No. 36.)
A resolution to propose, to the people of the
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
, Constitution of the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend said sections to
; read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected .at the same time and place and In the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office arid his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein. '■
■Section 16. In case of the impeachment 7of
. the Governor, or his removal from office, death.
Inability to discharge the powers and duties of
' his of flee, , resignation or absence from ■ the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon- the Lieutenant Governor for the
' residue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or .be absent ■ from the State, the president pro
. tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
i until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
: ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in the
I office of Governor for any of the reasons above
j named, and : neither the Lieutenant- Governor
■ nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
i shall succeed to the powers and duties of ! Gov-
; ernor,' then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election. .
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 33.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
j State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
. of California, • relating to grammar school*, by
; which It is proposed to amend said section to
I read as follows:* '
; Section 6. The public school system shall In-
I elude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
I and : technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
: authority, but the entire revenue ' derived from
! the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
i primary and grammar schools. Grammar
I schools shall Include schools organized in * a
; school • district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants. In
1 which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils ■to enter th» agricultural,
mining or -scientific department of the Univer-
sity ' of . California.
y AMENDMENT ■ NUMBER SEVEN.
I (Being Assembly Constitutional . Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution Jo propose to the people of ' the
: State of ' California an amendment to section
| two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
[ tion to sessions of. the Legislature, by which it
is proposed to ' amend said section to read as
follows: >■*. - •"
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
! next succeeding the " election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
• In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
; lamation. ; The Legislature shall then remain
In 'session' for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If .the two houses fall to agree
| upon a time at which they will resume their
i session, the Governor shall, by " proclamation,
! fix m date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits abi»ve prescribed. . Upon re-
assembling . the " Legislature shall complete Its
session.*- • No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be Introduced In either house ex-
! cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
j without the ' consent of three-fourths of the
i members ■ thereof.
! NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
] sions of the Constitution/and an act .of the
! Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
■ posed amendments to the Constitution of the
' State of California.. to the qualified electors for
j their approval," approved March 7. A. D. ISS3,
| the above-described proposed ■ amendments are
; hereby published and advertised to be voted
i upon, ■* by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, : at the . election :to. be held throughout
this State on :v..;: v .. ;
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER S. A. .D. 1898. '-
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon In -manner and form as fol-
lows: •■ - •;■-,•'."- . ■ : ■ ■ • ' "' ■■ -
Each ballot used at such election must con-
- tain written or ; printed thereon the following
I words, whereupon the r voter may express . his
choice. as provided by law: .
Amendment' Number* One, being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment ; No. 41
(exempting certain claims against. the
'City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City Tea
, of Vallejo for the construction of its- ■
water works from > the provisions of - No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to he paid from, the Income and reve-
..' nues of the year •in ; which they were
'»" Incurred). : V
For the Amendment? '.-
Amendment Number Two. being Senate f
- Constitutional ; Amendment No. 10 I Tea .
(providing for framing local county- •
government acts by . Inhabitants of No
counties for their government).
. For the Amendment? I -
Amendment Number i Three, being ■ Sen- f
I ate Constitutional- Amendment No.
44 (providing for the .creation of a
- i Court ' of : Claims . to determine claims Yes
-'• against ■ the ' State, ? and -to > consist iof • : —
. three '■ Superior • Judges . designated by : ■'-' No
the Governor to serve without extra
-compensation). ■
For the Amendment? _
j Amendment Number : Four, being As- f :
| : sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities , Tea
I , and counties, organized or : to be or-- ■
. ganlzed,-- or holding "p. charter un- ' .No
• der the Constitution, . from certain leg-
•_,: islation in : relation •to counties).
; ; For the Amendment?
Amendn^nt Number / Five, being As- ■
sembly Constitutional Amendment
» No. 36 : (relating to office of Governor, . Yes ''■>
providing for .succession thereto In ".'-
: : certain cases and removing disability No
. of ■ Lieutenant Governor from - holding
I ' other : office ' during term).
; 'For the Amendment?
Amendment : Number ' Six.' being ' Assem- f
■ bly Constitutional Amendment ' No. ; 3S Yes
. (relating to ' and ."■■ defining Grammar — •
: Schools). •. •,- ----- - ■ I ■ No
' For the Amendment? \
Amendment Number. Seven, being As- f
i ■ sembly " ' Constitutional Amendment
' No. 34 . (providing for > adjournment of • Yes .
' Legislature ; for - not . less, than thirty < .-
■ nor more than sixty days during each . No
.■: session). ■/ 'N ' ' ....
For the Amendment? -;
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of the
State of / California, . the day and year herein
first above written. ■'<-■',- - - - - ■ -', ■■■
- . . „ JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN, Secretary of.StaU.
[SEAL.] ■angMBMMMgMI
1314
THE OREGON'S
CHAPLAIN IS
IN TROUBLE
Unpleasant Episodes
in the East.
AN UNFORTUNATE LECTURE
A COUBT-MARTIAL MAY BE
THE RESULT.
Chaplain Mclntyre Is Now In San
Francisco Waiting to Hear
From the Navy Depart
ment.
The chaplain of the battleship Oregon. I
Rev. Joseph P. Mclntyre, arrived in San j
Fram-isco Saturday evening to obtain a i
rest from recent troublous incidents as
well as to visit bis foii, who is attend
ing school in this city.
Chaplain Mclntyre. who is receiving a
cordial reception at the hands of his
Methodist brethren, Balled from San
Francisco on the Oregon on her memor
able voyage around the Horn to Santiago,
and was a witness of and participant in i
the great naval battle that resulted in )
the annihilation of Cervera's fleet, and It ,
Is his proud boast that he can relate a
story the most thrilling, he thinks, that
any man living has to tell.
He told it in Denver, and thereby de- I
pends a narrative of woe. Leading up
to his debut as a lecturer in the Queen
City of the Plains, there occurred some I
unpleasant incidents in New York and
Chicago which for a time made life a
burden to him.
"Landing from the hospital ship in New
York, the first thing he encountered was
a herd of yellow newspaper reporters. He
was so Indiscreet as to talk to them. He
• gave them a temperate and frank inter
view. The next morning, upon reading
their scare headlines, misstatements and
exaggerations, he was suddenly attacked
with chills. Hurrying on to Chicago, in
the hope of recovery, he there met with
a somewhat similar experience, the yel
low reporter of the Windy City throwing
him into a fever— a sort of yellow fever.
Immediately the unfortunate chaplain
began receiving telegrams and letters
from friends and Government ofti.clais
warning him not to get into trouble. It
• was evident that his friends were con
siderably exercised over the twisted news
paper reports of what he had said. How
ever, Chaplain Mclntyre rallied sufficient
ly to pacK. his grip and proceed to Den
ver, hoping never again to run foul of
a yellow newspaper reporter. He deter
mined to keep under cover until he fully
recovered from the chills and fever, but
alas! he was soon discovered. The chap
lain, however, remembering his experi
ences in New York and Chicago, was
careful to express himself to the report
ers that he was not disposed to talk.
So far, so good.
While he was recuperating, the Young
Men's Christian Association, In which he
has taken a deep interest for many years,
reiated to him a tale of woe in regard
to its inability to pay a debt of J750 for
back rent. It was suggested that a lec
ture by him on the naval battle of San
tiago would materially assist in lilting
the association's burden of debt. Although
Chaplain Mclntyre bad intended going to
Glenwood Springs to take a series of
baths at that health resort, he finally con
cluded to remain in Denver and give the
Young Men's Christian Association a kind
ly litt. He accordingly told in a lecture
the story- of "The Oregon— Her Voyage
and her Victories" to an audience of
about 400 persons.
Next morning Chaplain Mclntyre. upon
reading the Daily News report of his
lecture, was simply astounded and then
paralyzed for a time at what he claims
was a monstrous mass of malicious men
' dai-ity. In his state of health it was a
severe blow, worse than any he had yet
received, and the wonder is that it did '
not cause either nervous prostration or ;
cerebio-spinai meningitis.
But what followed is best told in the !
words of Chaplain Mclntyre to a party
01 friends a day or two alter his arrival
In San Fmncisco. "It so happened that -
there is a yellow journal in Denver, called i
the Rocky Mountain News," said he, !
"and on its staff there is a woman who i
is a politician. You know women vote in \
Colorado. My brother about a year and
a half ago, in concluding his term of !
service in Denver, had preached a ser- I
mon on "Christian Womanhood,' which, I
it seems, displeased this woman. She de- j
• nounced my brother for his unchristian '
characterizations. This same woman,
■sviih'-er animosity against the Mclntyre
family, was detailed to report my lecture.
The next morning there was published a
most outrageous report, the substance of
which was telegraphed to all the leading
papers of the country by the Associated
Press agent. I was charged with having
claimed in my talk everything for the
battle-ship Oregon; that I had denounced
'Fighting Bob' Evans as a skulking cow
ard; that I had declared the lowa a fail
ure as a fighter and as a piece of mechan
ism. There were other statements quite
a.« false. The matter naturally came to
the attention of the Navy Department,
from which I received an official com
■ munication. making inquiry as to the af
fair. Two of the four papers in Denver
defended me, saying that the attack was
infamous and the worst specimen of
journalis-tic mendacity ever known. The
Young Men's Christian Association gave
me a strong paper of indorsement, which
I forwarded to Washington, together
with my personal explanation. Upon
leaving Denver I left directions to a
friend to open any official communica
tions that mitint come for me and tele
graph me the fact. I have just received
this telegram: 'Sent forward letter last
night Jind another to-day. Important.
See no one and do not talk any more on
this subject.'
I am, therefore, placed in a delicate
position and must be excused from talk
ing any more about this matter at pres
ent. Later, provided the communl'-a
tions do not interfere, 1 shall be glad to
'tell the thrilling story of the Oregon."
To say that Chaplain Mclntyre's lecture,
as it was reported, has caused a great
commotion in Denver, as well as in naval
circles, half expresses it. It is understood
in Washington, says a recent dispatch,
that st'-j)s looking toward the court-mar
tialing of the chaplain for his alleged crit
icism? Of naval officers and shipbuilders
have been taken, as such criticisms are
prohibited by the n;ivn! regulations. Hero
is what he is said to have charged against
Sampson in his lecture:
"And Sampson wrote a report of the
battle and reported himself within four
miles of the Cristobal Colon when she
pulled down her flag. He did that to get
hIH share of the prize money, for a ship
must be within four miles to share in
the prize money. So Sampson will get
$10,000 of prize money, and Captain Clark,
who fought the Oregon as man never
fought ship before, will get only $500; and
you. who have just exactly as much to do
with the battle as Sampson had, will not
get a cent."
The shots alleged to have been fired by
the lecturer at Captain Evans of the
lowa, and at Eastern shipbuilders, wore
equally red-hot. The chaplain vigorously
denied ever having made any such state
ments, but, on the other hand, several
persons among his nudience came out in
published cards substantially corroborat
ing the newspaper report of his lecture
and scoring him unmercifully.
chaplain Mclntyre is anxiously await
ing the arrival of those two important
ofllrlnl communications from Washington
via Denver. Meantime he Is heeding that
telegraphic injunction from his home not
to talk any more at present about this un
fortunate episode.
Railroad Case Set.
The case of the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company vs. the Railroad Commis
sioners raiw 1 up In thf United States Cir
cuit Court yesterday, hut as neither side
«v ready to proceed it was reset for
September 5. _
Indies' tatlor-i. dp sultm latest designs: we
give credit M. Rothschild. 211 Butter, r. 8 & 7.
NO MONEY
FOR CITY
EMPLOYES
August Salaries Will
Soon Be Due.
GENERAL FUND EXHAUSTED
COMBINATION OF EMPLOYES TO
SEEK ASSISTANCE.
Some Local Bank Will Be Asked to
Carry the Salary Warrants
Until Next No
vember.
The August pay day for city employes
I is now fast approaching and there is no
I money In sight for many of them. The
general fund is exhausted, and more than
1500 men are wondering as to where the
cash is coming from to pay house rent
and grocers' bills.
I'nder Sheriff Clack, speaking of the
matter yesterday, said: "We are up
against it this year, the same as we were
two years ago. The only thing to be
i done by the city employes is to combine
! and get one of the banks in San Fran
! Cisco to carry them financially until No
vember. This, of course, means a loss
to the employes, as no bank will cash
warrants for less than 1 per cent a
month. That means 2or 3 per cent for
the time that the bank will have to wait
on the city for its money. The percent
j age, or interest, comes out of our pock
ets It seems pretty tough that sal
aried men. working for the city, should
be held up in this way every year or
two There is never sufficient money to
carry the city through from one fiscal
year to another.
" "Two years ago the Bank of California
carried the men, for 1 per cent a month.
At that time a combination of employes
was made at the suggestion of the Sher
i iff's office. This time 1 suppose that we
I will take the Initiative. Of course we
will have to find a bank that will be
willing to do this for us. Steps will
probably be taken by the heads of the
various departments affected without
longer delay. There are very few of the
I city employes who can afford to hold
their warrants until more money comes
| into the general fund in the middle of
I November."
It is understood that Sheriff "Whelan
| will canvass the local banks to-day in be
half of his office force, to find one that
will carry the warrants. An arrange
ment with the other departments will
! follow. _____^____^
MUELLER WAS UNFAITHFUL.
Henrietta Seeba Sues Him for Dam
ages for Failing to Marry Her.
Henrietta Seeba declares that Sebastian
Mueller is an unfaithful lover. She ap
peals to the Justices' court to even up
matters by giving her $2f*9 as satisfaction.
Miss Seeba states that she has been a
domestic and that prior to March 1, 1898,
she was earning $20 a month and board.
Then Sebastian came along. He was a
young man of pleasing address and sym
pathetic heart. He loveu Henrietta and
did not want her to work fo hard. As a
result of his protestations of love and his
; scorn for hard work she gave up her po
i sitlon and with it her $20 salary and lodg
ing and went to boarding at an expense
i of $5 a week, waiting for the wedding day.
1 On July 21 Sebastian told Henrietta that
' he did not love her any more and that
i the engagement was off. The board bill
and the wages lost aggregate $299. Hence
she sues to recover.
Drank Poison by Mistake.
Walter Dray, a 13-year-old boy work
ing for a photographer at 230 Suttc-r street,
was accidentally poisoned last night. He
had been out on an errand, and on his
return saw what he thought was a glass
of water and drank it. The glass con
tained a solution of nitrate of silver. The
boy was hurried to the Harbor Receiving
Hospital and treated. He will probably
recover.
The Hardtmuth lead pencil is the best In
I the world. Try the Koh-I-Noor. •
DEAN OF THE ARTISTS.
ERNEST NARJOT, the Oldest California Painter,
Who Died Yesterday.
There passed away yesterday In this city an art veteran whose lame
is familiar to all and whose work has been widely commended.
Ernest Narjot, the oldent painter in California, was born in St. Malo,
France, in 1527, and began his art education at a very early age, attend
ing a Parisian school before he was 16. He arrived in this city exactly
forty-five years ago, but after a year of spasmodic work with his brush
he joined an expedition to Mexico, returning to San Francisco in 1356.
Afterward he devoted himself to his art, and his pictures are well known.
He did a great deal of fresco work for churches and public institutions
both in California and Mexico. Narjot was later afflicted with paralysis
and partial blindness.
Narjot passed away at the home of his daughter and son-in-law, Mr.
and Mr?. Howard. He leaves a widow, two daughters and a son to
mourn his loss.
The funeral services will do held to-morrow at Notre Dame de Vlc
toiroß Church.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 25, 1898.
TWO KNOCKOUTS
AT WOODWARD'S
Dud Evans No Match for
Fred Muller.
HE WAo A GAME FIGHTER
KID McFADDEN WHIPPED BUD
TERRY IN TEN ROUNDS.
Henry Slater Was Afraid of Young
Peter Jackson and Feigned a
Knockout to Escape
Punishment.
Manager Groom of the National Ath
letic Club felt pardonably proud last
evening when he surveyed the large
crowd of sport lovers who witnessed the
"mills" in Woodward's Pavilion between
locul boxers.
As per announcement the card was car
ried out to the letter, and the spectators
had the good fortune of leaving for their
respective homes at an early hour.
The contests were interesting and sat
isfactory, excepting the bout between
Young Peter Jackson and the faker,
Henry Slater, who took advantage of a
sharp rally in the second round and
dropped to the floor with his arms encir
cled in such a manner as to protect his
sweet face from hard contact with the
carpet. He feigned a knockout, but it
was so crude an impersonation that his
opponent, Young Peter Jackson, skipped
in disgust from his corner with the speed
of a startled cottontail rabbit and made
his escape to his dressing room unmo
lested. The referee should have certainly
declared all bets otf in the Interest of
"square" sport.
"rUA" MeFatiden, a natural born fight
er, and Bud Terry put up a rattling good
mill for feather-weights. In the . first
round Terry scored a good lead by
straight left hand jabs which tickled
the nasal appendage of the "Kid," whose
only effective blows were right-handers
delivered over the heart. In the second
round McFadden's right brought forth
a red patch under Terry's left arm, but
the rib-roaster got a good return on th&
face for every blow he landed on the
body.
In the third round the "Kid" changed
his tactics, and punished his opponent
severely with upper-cuts, causing more
or less •'ciaret" to flow from Terry's
nose and mouth. The fourth round was
evenly contested. The fifth was the hot
test of the bunch. Bud staggered the
"Kid" in the early momenta of the
round, but as the battle progressed both
swung their rights with the intention of
scoring a knockout, and Terry was first
to land. The blow sent McFadden to his
knees, but he was up and fighting be
fore the round ended. The remainder of
the rounds, up to the tenth were closely
contested, until McFadden in a rally
caught his opponent a short-arm right
hand punch under the chin, which sent
Terry reclining against the ropes, from
which position he fell forward on his
face. He remained on the carpet until
counted out.
Dud Evans of Portland and Fred Muller
were the last brace on deck. The heavy
lunged master of ceremonies announced
that the pugilists would box twenty
rounds, but the end came in the eighth.
Evans carries a luntern-jaw. which imme
diately caught the eye of his opponent,
who made several vain attempts to con
nect with the vulnerable point, but missed
many excellent openings.
In the eighth round Muller jabbed Evans
hard with the left, and a short-arm right
which followed immediately accomplished
the trick for the local boxer, who planted
the glove on the jaw point, and as a re
sult Mr. Evans fell into peaceful slumber
for fifteen or twenty seconds.
Muller carries as a memento of the en
gagement a beautifully blackened eye,
which gift of Evans' prowess he received
in the early rounds. Altogether, the en
tertainment gave first-class satisfaction,
considering the prices of admission.
WILL RACE FOR SILVER CUPS
Handsome Trophies for the Pacific
Interclub Yacht Association's
Regatta,
At a meeting of the Pacific Interclub
Yacht Association held yesterday at the
Merchants' Exchange the following were
present: Commodore J. S. Hanley and H.
M. L,andsberger, delegates from the En
cinal Yacht Club; E. N. Walter and R. R.
l'Hommedleu, delegates from the Califor
nia Yacht Club; J. H. Hopps, P. J. Mar
tinstein and A. J. Young, delegates from
the Corinthian Yacht Club; L. A. Haven
and A. D. Naylor, delegates from the San
Francisco Yacht Club.
A telegram from J. M. Macdonough was
read, authorizing the secretary of the as
sociation to order a silver cup to be raced
for at the association regatta on Septem
ber 9, and to be known as the Macdon
ough cup. The "Law cup" and the "Dele
gates' cup" will also be offered by the as
sociation at the regatta. A representa
tive of a firm of jewelers was in attend
ance with designs for the delegates' cup.
one of which was selected. To the second
yacht in each class a suitably inscribed
mug will be presented as a prize.
A suggestion that a referee be appointed
for the Admission day regatta was not
cordially received, the utility of that of
ficial being not very apparent. The man
agement of the regatta is to be left wholly
in the hands of the regatta committee.
Several amendments to the rules govern
ing yacht-racing were suggested, the
greatest discussion being provoked by the
proposed abolition of time-allowance and
the definition of a professional. It is de
sired to abolish the necessity for time-al
low.inre by encouraging the building of
yachts up to the limits of their classes.
A GREAT PSYCHOLOGIST.
PROFESSOR WILLIAM JAMES of Harvard
Arrives.
BERKELEY, Aug. 24.— Professor
William James of' Harvard Univer
sity, a brother of Henry James, the
novelist, arrived here from the
East to-day.
Professor James is one of the
recognized leaders of American
psychologists, and a. pnilosopher of
International fame. His publica
tions are well known both in this
country and in Europe. They all
have the merit, by no means com
mon to treatises of philosophy, of
being written in brilliant, entertain
ing style. His latest, "The Will to
Believe," is a popular exposition
of the position of a radical empiri
cist, and has served as the basis of
discussion for the Philosophical
Union of the University of Califor
nia for the past year. It is at the
invitation of the latter society that
Professor James comes to the Pa
cific Coast. He will deliver the
annual public lecture at the univer
sity, under the auspices of the
Philosophical Union, next Friday
evening. August 26. Admission is
open. to the public. The subject will
be "Philosophy Tested by Prac
tice."
PRODUCES THE
MARRIAGE CONTRACT
MRS. QUACKENBUSH ON THE
WITNESS STAND.
States That C. J. Noyes Was the
Father of Her First Child — Sur
prising Developments
Expected.
Some little surprises developed yester
day in the trial -f the action of Mrs. Car
lotta Quackenbush against Esther
SwortHguc-r to recover a portion of the
estate of the dead capitalist, Thomas M.
Quackenbush. Mrs. Quackenbush, if ,
such name the court holds she is enti
tled to, was on the stand and told the '
story of her marriage to Quackenbush in
December of 1566. The alleged contract ,
that made them husband and wife, ac- j
cording to the contention of the plaintiff,
«ai produced. It is dim from age, but ;
with a glass it can be readily deciphered. !
It reads: '
PEC EM HER 10, 1866.
This la to say that we are man and wife In
the eyes of all people.
THOMAS M. QUA.CKENBUSH,
CABLOTTA ORTIS.
The Christian name of the plaintiff is
very dim, and for the purposes of the
trial a correct copy was made and given
Into the custody of the clerk. After the
production of the document, which has
BiK-h a material bearing on the case, Mrs.
Quackenbush continued her testimony.
Bhe stated that her son, who was known
as Charles Quackenbush, was the son of
C. J. Noyes. He was born out of wedlock
and prior to her marriage to Quacken
bush. After her marriage Quackenbush
told her to institute a suit against Noyes
for breach of promise, which she did. but
the suit was finally dismissed by stipula
tion Later another son was born to her
and he died in this city in ISSB. Mrs.
Quackenbush became bewildered at times
at the rigid cross examination of Attor
ney Foote, but in regard to the matn
issue she could not be shaken. The trial
goes on to-day, and all are expecting sur
prising developments.
Dr. McMurdo 111.
Dr. John R. McMurdo. tho Assistant
City Physician, is dangerously ill at his
home. 1718 Geary street. The attending
phvsirians state that typhoid-pneumonia
has developed. Several days will probably
elapse before the disease takes on a deci
eive turn.
Advances made on furniture and ptanOS, with
or without removal. J. ftonnan. 1017 1023 Mission.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
• .Wednesday, August 2t.
Br stmr Moana. Carey, 23 days 21 hours and
IS minutes from Sydney, via Honolulu, 6 days 1
Stmr Arcata Reed, 56 hours from Coos Bay.
Schr Qlen. Nielsen, 4 days from Eureka.
Stmr State ' of. California, Thomas, — : hours
from Portland, Vyia' Astoria. :■,
': TRANS-ATLANTIC, STEAMERS.
; NEW YORK-Salled Aug 2*f Stmr -Germanic.
for Liverpool; stmr Noordland, for Antwerp.
Arrived Aug. 24-Stmr Saale. from Bremen.
: LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Aug 24— Stmr Nomadic,
f°Ar?l^ T AuK 24-Stmr Waesland. from Phlla
de QUKENSTOWN-Salled Aug 24-Stmr Aura
nia for New York; Btmr Catalonia, for Boston.
" SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Aug 24— Stmr
;U; U C h OPENHAQEN-A rrived Aug 24-Str Island.
fr HAMBURKrrlved; Aug; 24-Stmr Palatin.
from New York. :■ ■>::■*:•■. ■:-..■ - .
MEETING NOTICES. ;^v..-. : ; .
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. ? 'm^;
M will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
• EVENING. August- 25, at 7:30 o clock. ftj\
Third degree. By order of the Master. /XT >
imru utti FRANKLIN 11. DAY.; Secretary. .
DORlcT~Lodge No. 216." F. and A. M , X •
D Masonic Temrle-Called meetlne THIS Ml
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at ,:.H«»
o'clock. Third degree."^Maater Masons / yr .}
are in vlted. By order^ -^ . -• m
J. R. GOLDSMITH. r Sec. :.-■•-..
SOUTH ■- SAN h. FRANCISCO Lodge N0. .:: . ■ 0..y
- 212, F. and A. . M.. ■ meets ,THIS EVEN- JV
ING at 7:30 o'clock, for third degree. TK3T
. All ■ Master Masons Invited. : By order '~W^ y
of the Master. :EAC.;HARE, Secretary.
THE San , Francisco Scottish Thistle : V=.'%r >- :
- Club -t meets.; THIS »; (THURSDAY)! 2k. \MyJ2 ;
EVENING in Fraternity Hall. 32 miKe
= : O'Farrell St., at' B o'clock. Smoker .- . ~~^« «
follows. » - W. *A. DAWSON, Royal Chief.
GEO. W. PATERSON, Recorder. . ' '
MEETING Continued^-;
WESTERN^ ADDITION^Lodge No. sSSM£JM£fe,
285, I. O. O. P.— Members and ggsSSSif
friends are • cordially '* invited »V to r^tfwffil^'
attend the nineteenth anniversary - -. •j'*
of . Western Addition Lodge No.' 285, I. :O. O.
F., in Memorial Hall, third floor, • Odd Fel-
lows' Temple, on THURSDAY -EVENING,
. August 2',, 1598.. Entertainment at 8:15 p. m.
sharp. .Business meeting at .7:30 p. m. . : ,"-"••"
-■- .- J.S. SCHEEL, N. G.
WILLIAM F. LEE. ; Financial Secretary, y
ATTENTION, Odd Fellows— Those o^tfjfcsfc.
who will participate in the ex-^^SsS=
cursion to San Jose August 27
will meet at Third and Towns- ' '*>« lvv '
end sts. or Twenty-fifth and Valencia to take
6:30 p. m. train. ' COMMITTEE. '
3 LODGE rooms;." all needed accommodations;
927 Mission. L. ALTS<'HUL. 320 Clay st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. . -. '.;'
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 84 (50 cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market St.. on and after Thursday, , Sep-
tember "i; 1898. Transfer books will close on
Friday, August 26, 1898,- at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or: country. PACIFIC ; COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, st., room 6; tel. 5580.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. 5
FIRST-CLASS help furnished promptly. C.
H. TAYLOR & CO., 1023 Market, nr. Sixth.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS English cook desires situation;
willing to do housework; best of references.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. " •
NEAT American woman, with - a child, de-
sires situation as working housekeeper; best
ref.; city or country. MISS CULLEN, 32j
• Sutter st. . ■ '
NEAT German waitress and chambermaid de-
sires situation; good sewer; best ref. Mlbla
CULLEN, 32| Sutter st.
COMPETENT " German mother and , daughter
desire situation; best references; city • or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A NEAT young German girl desires situation
at housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; refer-
ence. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A NEAT, . capable ' young | Swedish , girl desires
situation at housework; -good cook; 3 .years
last place. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A COMPETENT German -cook and housework
girl desires situation; best reference; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter ;• V; :-Z
A f*IRST-CLASS laundress desires situation:
2V4 years In last place; young and ttrong.
MISS CULLEN, 325 gutter st. '
SWEDISH second girl; good waitress and
seamstress; best references. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
NORWEGIAN girl; excellent cook and house-
worker; good city references. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation In a family
to do general housework; is a good cook and
laundress; no children; wages $25. Address
1455 Sacramento st. ■ ' -- ■* ' ' ' ■■"
AN Eastern woman, middle-aged, thoroughly
competent, wants position as housekeeper in
small family; nurse or companion to invalid;
country no objection. E. R., 116 Turk st. «
RELIABLE German lady wishes to work or
take charge of respectable rooming -house in
exchange for room rent. Box 82, Call Office.
GIRL student, good reader and sewer, will give
her services in return for home; best refer-
ences. Box 250, Call Office.
COMPETENT woman wishes washing or
housework by day or will wash flannels at
• home. ■ 702 O'Farrell st. - » ■■
WOMAN wishes situation; housework or help
In boarding-house; city. Between 10 and 4,
1149 Mission st. " *■•-'
SWEDISH girl wishes place to do second
work: is first-class waitress. Box 83. Call.
GOOD Swedish girl wishes place for general
housework; is good cook. Box S3, Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS arm waitress wants a position.
. 22 Fifth ' st. . ■ - -■'•-;.
SWEDISH girl wishes position to do general
housework or second work. 513 McAllister st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes any kind of work
by the day. 1331 Fulton st. ' -' -. >■ «
LADY with a 4-year-old child wishes work In
small hotel or boarding house in -or out of
city Is able to do all kinds of hotel work.
Call or address MRS. R. WALDVOGEL, San
Bruno Hotel, 1540 San Bruno aye.
EXPERIENCED young lady wishes a position
to take charge of one child or upstairs work
and mending; wages $25. Address 20 Myrtle
aye., near Larkln and Geary *. sts.
TWO sisters wish situations together as nurse,
maid and second girl ; one good seamstress.
Call or address MISSES M.. Y. W. C. A.. 1259
- O'Farrell st. ■-.. ■- • - -■'■'■•'. . .
WANTED— Young lady, quiet and refined, de-
sires to assist with light work In exchange
for a good home. , Box 62, Call office. ..,-•
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, wants
work by the day: 75c and car fare. 9 Sev-
enth st., near Market. - ■■■."■
YOUNG German girl wishes a place to do light
housework in small family. Call .29 Laskie
St., off Mission. • '. ' ■ ■ ■;.
YOUNG lady desires a position as typewriter
or office correspondent or copyist.' Box 80,
Call office. •;.."■■•.: .
NEAT young girl wishes situation to assist In
housework. Call bet. 3 and 5, 326 Devisadero
St.. cor. Oak. ' ■■; .'■■-.- - T -l
RUSSIAN Finn girl would like to do general
housework. Call 635 Second St. ■-• ■ - ; .'-
FASHIONABLE" dressmaker wlsnes a few en-
gagements by the day: perfect fit; . satisfac-
tion guaranteed. ,. Box 77. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by reliable woman to do
housework and cooking In small American
family. Call 1214 Laguna St., downstairs.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, "; watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant aye.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation as cook and
general housework. 142 Clipper St.. bet.
Twenty-fifth ' and Twenty-sixth.
GERMAN girl would like, to get in a nice fam-
ily to do general housework. ' Call at 20 Lewis
St.. off Taylor.
COMPETENT dressmaker makes children's
dresses; fitted at their homes. . Address 387
Hayes st. ; : - •>-• •
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE. •
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
Mel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; -tel. East 426. y.v
GARDENER of long experience wants situa-
tion; Teen hous<?, rose house, flower garden;
budding, grafting, propagating,, fruit and
vegetable growing; best references. Box 1 84,
' Call. : . ,:■■:■■■"■-■■' ■ ' ■ ' ■■■■■' ■'■■■:■-■■
MAN and wife, English, want situation:
1 woman' first-class cook: • man * experienced
coachman; both excellent servants. A. N.,
424 Sutter et.
WOULD like situation -as "i clerk either ; In
wholesale or retail grocery or meat store;
years' experience; member of I. O. O. F.
Box IS9. Call. ■'■■■•-■/ . : ■-:*:■ : <* .-,;
FIRST : and second cook wants situation; hotel'
or restaurant; city or country. - Address i 14
William st. - >
YOUNG man (19%) wishes employment In some
shop; has had experience lat lathe | work. ' : Box
189, Call. . ;■<-■;•'.•■:•.:. .:. ': .■' ;;.:■•'--.. •-.;;.
PAPERHANGER with tools wants work;
painter, etc. ; day or contract; best references.
ANTOINE, 237 Shipley st. . , \
EXPERIENCED gents' furnishing goods sales-
man wishes position; best references. Box 188,
Call Of flee.  ./•■ ' ,  -.
JAPANESE good cook desires position; quick
and obliging; ■• country or city. Address i C.
.. N., 456 Jessie st. - , - ■; ;_:
GOOD • butcher wants to work : in ■ butcher ' shop
and i drive wagon. :; Address : box j 124, ; Call. r,-
SHIP'S steward wants a situation at anything;
sober, steady. \' Moaria, , box 125, ■ Call. ;: . ■ •
BOY =of 14 , wants .' position ; - cash •• boy or any
kind of work. ' ■ 1805 Mission St., bakery. I .- ; -
CAKE baker; position wanted ■byl an experi-
-. enced, . all around ■■ workman. a- Box 81, ' Call. - *.
GARDENER: • middle-aged man; ? honest, .sober
; I and industrious ; I good references ; understands
: chicken : raising, milk and ■ work around pri-
vate place; city or country. Address. Gar-
dener, 537 Sacramento ; st -.-,.;; v . v ;
YOUNG ' man v with T good : references | desires I po-
. sition In ; private , place ;as gardener ' and ! man
about place. Address J. D.. box 6, Call Office,
.'; Oakland.,; ■ ;-. .;,,-■•- '/. :/.,.".■-•:- ' - v , ... .
COMPETENT Japanese cook •: desires position
■ in private family; plain and fancy cook; first-
'•', class references..; Address HARRY, 935 Sac-
: ramento st.-.;:; . - - ; -v. ■■■; . . ; ; ■- - , ■ .-■■^. -■■'■■
WANTED— By . middle-aged ¥ gentleman, work;
■ any kind, anywhere, any remuneration ; refer-
ences. Box 206., Call. Of fly. -. ,; ; >
SITUATION wanted by : man and .' wife; * wife
;,: llrst-class :, cook; -i man - can .' do " any kind tof
; work:; city; or country. ; ; 326 Oak st. ■- ■-•..- ';'■•;
YOUNG man. age 22, seeks situation In any ca-"
■ p*Ctty. Address J. JOHNSON.; 214 Third St. ; .
INDUSTRIOUS ' German I gardener: | understands
; ■ the i care ;of i lawn, > flowers, horses * and : cows :
reference; ; private - family; ■> small ;* wages '' and
good home. .< Box 220, Call Office.: ::
. HOTEL > man and wife to - take charge lof
- house; large ". experience : in first-class houses.
. Address box 210, ; Call office. .: v ; . ;.-;.-y'.-.'.'-V
MONEY on . diamonds, sealskins, watches | and
;;- Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant aye.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
WILLING . young man, able to »' cc P or b^? k .? f
- wishes a start in a business ; house; employ
er's terms accepted; best of references, aq
. dress C, box 7. Call office. Oakland.
JAPANESE. C good i cook, . excellent , pas try,
wants position; best references. Address .„.
' 8.. 1518 Polk st. ;--.-.• ■-;■.: '. ' .
WINCHESTER. House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
; ket; 200 rooms; 2&c to $150 night; $150 to $«
■; week; convenient and respectable; iree
' and baggage to and from ferry. ;^___________,
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
NURSEGIRL, $10: second girl. p.^Oakland:
middle-aged woman, $12. MRS. NORTON,
313 Putter st. , ■
COOK. $25; housegirl, $25: yount girl to assist,
$12; waitress and chambermaid,'- $l5: • younf
houseglrls. $20 each. - MRS. NORTON, 313
. Sutter st. , ; "" : * . - -•"'- ;
HOUSEGIRL, country, $20: short distance; sec- :
ond ■girl.' $15; Irish housegirl. $20. MRS-
NORTON. 313 Sutter St. . ________
2" HOUSEWORK girls, Oakland. $20 each; 15
housework girls, city and country, $lo to $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE girl: sleep home; $10. MISS CULLEN,
:T25: S'-itter st. - ... .■--■'
GERMAN br Swedish girl; 2 in family; $30.
MISS . CULLEN. 325 : Sutter st. „
NURSE. $25; 2 second girls, $25 and $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. __
COOK: American- family; $30. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. :■-_-'
COOK: San Jose; $35; see lady here. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. _______
COOK: Healdsburg. $23. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter. St. : - '• '
GERMAN girl; housework; Oakland; $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ____.
HOUSEWORK girl; San Rafael; $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
8 WAITRESSES, country hotels, $20; 3 restau-
rant waitresses, country, $25 and room: wait-
ress for bakery, Bakersfleld, $20 and found; 3
chambermaids to wait at dinner, $20; woman,
plain laundry work, $20.. ........................
housegirl. country, «25. fare paid; housegirl,
Oakland, $20, see party here at 10 a. , m. :
ranch cook. $20, see party here, and a number
of girls for city and country places, $15 to
$25. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
5 WAITRESSES for a country restaurant. $20
and room,. see party here. C. R. HAIsS-N
. & CO., 104 Geary st.
6 NEAT young women to learn waiting; no of-
fice fee. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
2 FIRST-CLASS young Swedish cooks, best
references, want 'places; city or; Oakland. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
3 GERMAN, American and French nurses, $20
and $25; 2 German and French second girls.
$20; 2 cooks, boarding house and hotel, $25
and $30: girl to assist in institution. $15;
dishwasher, $25; chambermaid, wait 1 meal,
$20; 3 waitresses, $20— and $C a week, and
girls for housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st. ' -' ;
GIRL for cooking and some housework. 3 In
family, $25; second - girl, same house, $20;
working housekeeper, $25; 3 Protestant and
Irish cooks. $25 and $30; German or Scandina-
vian second girl, $25; laundress, private fam-
ily. $25; polisher In launury. $35; 8 waitresses.
$20 and $25 and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter. st. ',
Al SECOND girl, best of references, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
FIVE waitresses, $20. HOTE£ GAZETTE. 420
Kearny st. . .f : ' .'•■ ■•■
WANTED— Twenty-five young ladles to pre-
pare for the vaudeville stage; engagements
secured.' Apply Prof. Barker's Dancing Acad-
emy, 927 Mission st., between Fifth and Sixth.
WANTED— Nurse to take charge of invalid
lady. Call at the physician's office, 1224 Mis-
sion St., or at his residence, 507 Octavia st.
WANTED— A good cook ■ who will do general
housework; family of two; references re-
quired; good wages. 2512 California st.
YOUNG German girl or middle-aged woman
to care for 2 small children; light housework;
wages $10. 2517 Bush st.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework and chil-
dren. : Apply at 213 Waller st. !
WANTED— First-class skirt makers. 504 But-
ter st. , --- ■ . - ..- ■ ■
WANTED— experienced woman for house-
keeper In an institution. Box 231, Call.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework;
sleep home. 1140 Turk st.
LADY would like position in store; experience
and reference. - Box 203, Call office.
NEAT girl for light' housework: easy place.
1308 Ellis St.: wages $10. ?.-'.
FIRST-CLASS ventilator wanted. .1508 Polk.
NEAT young ' girl for general housework In
small family; wages $10. 1122 A Sacramento.
EXPERIENCED girl to make folding boxes
i< and envelopes. 16 Fremont st. • •• --- • .
GIRL to do light housework; sleep at home;
' small wages. . 712 Turk st. ■
SWEDISH or German first-class cook; city ref-
erences. 513 McAllister st. - ■■} .
GIRL to help in restaurant; no experience re-
quired. 313 O'Farrell st. . : ■ ■ .
AN errand girl; also apprentice speaking
French. 823 Sutter st. .
GIRL for general housework; must be good
- cook. 511 Van ; Ness aye. .. .' " ■■ *
GIRL wanted for general housework at 912
McAllister st. Call after 8 a. m. ■
EXPERIENCED saleslady for hu-es" and
■ children's wear; references. Box 126. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to take : care of chil-
dren and do sewing. 139 Third st. . . ; :
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. . Apply
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryant ets.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few Inexperienced hands taken and . taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont st. ;
WOMAN for light housework, small faimly, $10.
W. JOHNSON. Lake _ Honda, Seventn aye.
and Almshouse road. •;
YOUNG lady to "assist with light housework
and care of 2 children; wages $10 per month.
Box 59. Call. : , .
— Experienced skirt 1 hand; must be
■ able to cut and hang skirt: r only flrst*class
need apply. Call 1264 O'Farrell st. , ;
YOUNG girl, 1 light housework," $5; good home.
: 1198 Treat aye.., cor. Twenty-fifth st. .
GIRL wanted to work In shooting gallery. Ap-
-. ply at once, 443 Dupont st. .
GERMAN girl for general housework and cook-
Ing. 416 Van Ness aye. .
WANTED— Good finishers on custom ■ coats;
- good wages. 409 Clementina st.
YOUNG girl to take ; care of one child; small
wages; good home. 732 Green st.
YOUNG girl for general housework, 2 In fam-
ily, for Alameda. 713 Howard St., city.
GIRL : for ! general . housework. 417 Fair Oaks
; St.. . near -Twenty-fifth.':;: > . - ""
MONEY on diamonds, .sealskins, watches and
-eweiry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
, HELP WANTED— MALE.
RAILROAD work: railroad .work— Two-horse
teamsters. $1 70 and $1 60 day; 4-horse ; team-
sters, $1 day; muckers, $1 73 day; plo w-
■„ holders, $2 day; pick and • shovel . laborers,
• $1 75 day; free fare, free fare, free fare to the
-' above : work. MURRAY &•• READY. 634 and
. 636 Clay st. ... : : ■ . • . -
REDUCED . railroad \ rates i to ; the ' largest • vine-
yards in California; .grape pickers, grape
• pickers— 2s : more men or strong boys to . pick
.: grapes::. $20 and • $23 and found; call early:
' cheap : fares. : MURRAY & ; READY. 634 and
"636 Clay St.* : • : } v ; ;
FOR Santa Clara Co., 20 prune pickers, $1 50
- per ton; ranch blacksmith, $26 and found: for
Contra Costa Co., farm hands, $15 and $20 and
' found. ' } MURRAY & j READY. 634 and 636
Clay st: .-,.-.-'. ' . .; -.-■-•. ;..;-..;,- - ;. .. ' . "
WANTED for a large ranch. $1 fare— men to
-, drive team i and : other - work : $26 . and found;
to go to-day. MURRAY. & READY. 634 and
636 Clay St. '-' . :...-:'■';: - ■"-.• .; .-;'.:•■".. ■" _____
LABORERS for the mines, $2 50. $2 10, $1 85
'. and $1 GO per day: man -to work in wine eel-
: lar, ?20 and found; farmer, Santa Clara Co.
$20 and found :i farm ■ hand. Napa_MURRAV
r & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. ;■ :' : :
BARTENDER, country hotel. $30 : and found :
s second - cook for ' the < mines, $40 : and found:
,• dishwasher, institution, $17 50 and found; res-
taurant - cook. near, j city. $40 s and *' found,
waiter, country hotel, $25 and: found: ana
:■ cooks, waiters, dishwashers, etc.. ■ for country
•hotels in all parts of the State. MURRAY _
; ; READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. :■ '.--
WANTED-- Woodsman i and : wife. $35 to »0
• and found ; 2 met to pick fruit >$1 day and
• board 2 farmers. ! $25 and $30 : 4 choremen for
ranches: 2 chore boys, $10 and $12; groom $30
; miners. $2 50 a day: laborers for country. $2
dny: ? slack-work coopers, cook sr waiters ana
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & C 0... 628
.Sacramento st. r; ■.•■'■■•■ -"■:--.■■" '-'■-■' ■ " : •■.■:■■•■-■■•■:
WANTED-2 first-class restaurant waiters for
country. : $30 : and found. ~ J. •F. CROSETT _
r- ) CO.. . 628 : Sacramento st. ,. ■: - . - - •
WANTED-Farmer and wife. $40: cook for res-
taurant. $80: night."- $35; cook. $40; waiter, $35:
hotel waiter. $25: ) young man :to work around
1 . resort, ,' $20; ? dishwasher, - $20: lunch >. waiter*.
' Ironer. $35. t etc.v. ANDRE'S, - 816 Stockton st.
MAN and i wife; small s ranch $40; see party
<; here 10 : o'clock. '•;:. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
.YOUNG man for night clerk, $20: waiter, $30.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st. ; . •'
■ ; ; HELP IV ANTED— Continued.
10~LABORERS, coast road . . . . .Free Fare
'10 teamsters, coast ' road .............. Free Fare .'
.20 "teamsters, see boss here ....:.. Free Farf
15 shovelers. see boss here..".. ....Free Fare ..
100 laborers and rockmen for Alaska and
1 British Columbia? railroads, wages, 1 $2 and $3
, a day and up. .. Particulars at C. R. HAN-
SEN& C 0.,, 104 Geary St.
20 LUMBER pliers,' $26 and board; 12 swampers,
$35 and board, long Job. . C. R. HANSEN _
CO., 104 Geary st: «. ___^
3 LABORERS, city, $1 a day; orchard farmer,
$25 and found, bOBS here; brickyard wheelers.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
UPSTAIRS hotel porter with references, $_.'.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 101 Geary st.
4 WAITERS for a country hotel, $30 and roo_i,
see party here; waiter, country. $35. C. li.
HANSEN St C 6.. 104 Geary st.
15 FRUIT pickers, near city, $20 and hoard,
about two months' work. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 104 Geary st. .
HEAD waiter, $75; must speak French! a
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BAKER and pastry cook, country hotel. $50;
nantry man. country hotel $26: cof.k, $40;
dishwasher, institution. $17 50; assistant cook,
country hotel, $40. fare paid; dlshwa?h«r. min-
im; camp $30: city, $30; bakers' helper. ,-, JU n-
try $30 and found; city. $20 and „ found, c.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Gearyst.
3 COLORED waiters, north, fare paid. »;:,. c.
R HANSEI* & CO., 104 Geary 41
2 FRRAND boys who know the city. $3 a week.
2 CR HANSEN Geary st '
FIVB MMtfttn. M» • day; 5 laborers, j, „
WARD & C 0. ."608-610 Clay st.
". . x-Tjrr»—^hinelers short distance in coun-
, A_iv SR T HI'RLBUT, 1008 Claus
S?reck\ls P building, Friday, between 10 and
12 a. m. :
brisht boy 18. fair size to learn globve
futu'ngr state^ references as to character.
Address for 3 days, box 123. Call office.
MAN to milk and work around ranch; must
4 handrwlth tools. 239 Post st.. room 6.
BLACKSMITH helper wanted. 4320 Missioa
road. — __
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
1139 Folsom st. .
BOY wanted to feed Gordon presses. R. R.
PATTERSON. 429 Montgomery st. . -
TAILOR on coats. 6 Monroe St.. off Bush, be-
tween Powell and Stockton. •'<
COOK to take second hand. Apply JOHN
BUSS. Mill Valley. .*-■-. .
AN ENTRY clerk In a wholesale house. Call
at 17 ; New Montgomery St. '-~ '•- : -
BAKER as third hand hand; $30 a month,
board and room. 115 Oak st.
PAINTER wanted. 310 Clementina . St.: call
half-past seven. ; • '- ■.
MAN wanted to carry a banner at 106 Sec-
ond st. . ___
BOY wanted. 638 Market st., basement.
WANTED— Young man as second hand on
cakes. 427 Larkln st. ' ■ "^'
WAITER. 1024 Hyde st.
' WANTED— A fine coat maker. 224 Ellis st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men. between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their Intention to become such: must be of.
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 6 Inches and 6 feet In height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office. 20
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal. _■
WANTED— Quick, clean waiter who under- ■
stands his business thoroughly and who Is
able to take charge :of the stewardship In
German restaurant and bakery: good wages.
« Offers will only be considered If former em-
ployment stated and references given to box
47, Call office. . .
MAN to cook In boarding-house. 739 Fourth st.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; short-
est time: easy terms. 1542 Market st.
EXPERIENCED- presser wanted. • Hudson
River Dye Works. 409 Sutter st.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— Capable outside salesman on teas
and coffees. 203 Fourth st. -
BOY from 14 to 17 years of age. Apply at 24«
Sutter St.. room 14. .- - ■ . *
YOUNG grocery clerk: wages $12 to $15, with
board and lodging. . 2701 Twentieth st.
MEN'S fine 'calf shoes to order, $2 50: men's
soling, 25c; only one price. 923 Howard si.
J. J. HEINZ. 630 Market st . official em-
ployment sec^of Barbers' Protective Union.
SOLICITORS wanted. Apply at 404 McAllister
Etre>et. ■ . . .■
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
• runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ;: 150 large
I rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week. ;'".-•
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free en.ploy-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessl» 1164.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. . Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN to learn barber I trade In S weeks. San
Francisco Barber College. 138>4 Eighth st.
SAILORS and- ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
~ room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis St.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
, clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sntter wt.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
.week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room;
free 'bun and baggage to and from the ferry.
~~ AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS to handle a quick-selling novelty of
merit. Greater West Adv. & Novelty Co.,
1155VJ. Washington st.. Oakland. Cal. ••■
FURNITURE _ WANTED^
CASH for ; fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise; sold on commission: reasonable. B.
COHN. auctioneer. 430 Seventh: Tel. Mint 1904.
H. BAUM i.uys furniture and general m"-
cnnndlse. 1067 Market st.: tel Jessie 32.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
COUPLE with two young children desire board '
in private family: sunny rooms and grounds. \
not far out. Address F. box 205. all office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
~ . EDUCATIONAL.
cipies. V;",hA month or quarter. For terms
a^TV-onany 11 "'^ letier to 930 Bush St..
. near Jones. ; . _
i HFALD'S • Business College. 24 Post St.— Book- «
keeping business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing tefegraphv. languages. English branches;
etectr-lcal civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; IKK) grad-
■ uate" placed since 1592; catalogue. *-, -r.-:>.
Tyres 1 7 Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction in shorthand.' typing
hookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low
rates per week and month. • v .. ' •
A ■ LADY teaches : piano : and mandolin thor-
oughly: 50c an hour; excellent pianist at.d ac-
companist for : entertainments ■ and ; vocalists.
120* Octavla st. . \ ;-.-.-
I UNIVERSITY Coast— Newell Perry, Ph.B., Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 7407 S. Atherton.
I nr.Channlng way.Berkeley; write for .circular.
; ENGINEERING School civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, 'assay, archlt. : day & eve.;
■ ■ est.- 1564. VAN PER NAII.I EX. 933 Market.
VISITING governess, teaches English branches,
. French. German, music (several Instruments).
/ 603 Eddy st.---,y .;-:i ■-.■•/•■ • _
ENGLISH literature, ; mythology; Shakespeare
classes: pri. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Busti.
ROBERT. TOLMIe! pianist, has resumed
•teaching at 1003 Sutter st. : . . ■
BOOKKEEPINGS rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrot* bldg.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month: references;
i private lessons;: terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye. -. .
I LEO i COOPER'S ;of acting. " elocution.
■ pantomime and stage technique. Sl4 (reary st.
; - ; ATTORNEYS AT ;
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
1 " /■ no r fee ? without > suces=s; ' collections. ;G. W.
! , HOWE; atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
'-•ALL private law cases, bankruptcy,. collection*. .
t|| free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkln.
ADVICE free; ' no charge : unless . successful. W.
:W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. ..., _
I L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
[• ket; consultation free; no fees In advance. ,•\. . BUSINESS CHANCES.
_._-jjpO; cigar store close to the Emporium .
■ fine location: good business; excellent bar-
gain." WILKE. 78SV& Market St., new No. 845
$i6o-^-BAKERY in lively country .own: baking
average .daily IV4 barrels; horse, wagon; rent
' $ts.;'.'a first-class offer and splendid opening.
: ..WILKE. 845 Market st. vj .
}:. '>R:."KR saloon In choicest downtown
.• rotation; kept by owner the last 12 years and
Ing a first-class paying business; owner t.-.
retire; investigate at once; a very rare
.chance". WILKK. 545 Market st.
$1000— SALOON in very best location; close to
theaters", hotels and newspaper offices; a good
...class of trade and excellent paying; rent $50.
'; Particulars WILKE. 753 Market/ st. : new
'•number, 845.
$250— SALOON on Third st., close to Call bulld-
. Ing; rent $25; club rooms; stock worth $a 00;
• circumstances compel owner to accept 25 per
cent i: sold at once. WILKE, 845 Market st.
A— s9oo— RARE chance; saloon In choicest loca-
tion; billiards; elegant fixtures; large stock
of liquors; excellent paying place; other busi-
ness compels owner to a great sacrifice.
'.. WILKE. 545 Market st. - '
$400— SALOON -with mercantile lunch close to
Wells-Fargo Express Co.: rent $30; a good
paying place; splendid chance for man and
wtfe. Call WILKE. 845 Market st.
J2250— IMPROVED ranch near the city; bar-
. gain for cash. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777
Market st. - __—
LAUNDRY route: good horse and wagon
Mclaughlin & co, Market EI -
SSSO— CORNER grocery and bar: sickness cause
-. -of sale. Mclaughlin a ca, m Market.
TS4SO— COAL oil and gasoline route: good horse
and" wngon; will clear $100 per month. Me-
-AUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon: bargain this day. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
'$12vio— FIRST-CLASS restaurant and *- oyster
■ house In a prosperous country town; doing- a
business from $30 to $30 dally; ong lease;
best location: legitimate, established busi-
• ness: trial given. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 77.
-' Market st. ■ "
• PARTNER wanted In old-established cor-
• • ncr saloon: present owner there for years;
■owner- sooner have partner than hired help.
.-' LESS, 766 Market st. '
" PRODUCE business: horse, wagon, stock
aad "fixtures worth price asked, but owner
•' ha#- business- in country; see this. M. LESta,
, ■ 765,- Market St.-
•'I^CO-^STATIONERY, notion and variety stor*
" : north- of -Market st.: 4 living-rooms: cheap
'''■ rent •'• fine opportunity: old-esiabllslied trade.
'• >I.';LESS. 7C5 Market st.__
• a— WERTHEIM & KERTH. real estate and
business agency. Rent and money collec-
'■ 'tors. '. Partners procured. We have always
, -on' hand a selection of properties and busi-
. ■ ness places for sale. We offer to-day:
." $M>oo-^One of the finest and best saloons in
■this .city; located among merchants and mar-
■ kets; doing a large business: stock, lease,
-.Cheap -rent; full investigation to buyer; this is
' an ".excellent opportunity.
' •'s'llbo--Well fitted up saloon on Kearny st. ;
' receipts $25 to $40 per day; only $75 rent; surely
■ a bargain.
Grocery and bar: stock, fixtures, furni-
ture- of- four rooms; Western Addition; cheap
. rent and lease.
Pa;rtle,s intending to buy or sell business or
■ .real ßestate, please call at or office. Country
. correspondence solicited.
. ' • -• WERTHEIM & KERTH,
."■ .■ ' .-• 880 Market st., SE cor. Stockton.
.• BRANCH bakery, delicacy and notions; 5
■ rooms; .receipts $10 daily. KREDO & CO.
$450— Grocery- and bar; fine corner; bargain.
.- v — Grocery and family liquor. KREDO &
■CO.. -
• 2 MORE men wanted with $500 each security
• ; an* good position. KREDO & CO.. 22V4 Geary.
•A BARGAIN for 3 days; 8 rooms and bath;
•nicely furnished: cost $700; come quick; $250
• ' will take it; owner going away; come pre-
• ■ -pared. RAND & CO.. 917 Market St.
. "GOOD paying cigar store; one block from
' : Cajl Office; fine location: cheap rent. Partlc-
. lilars JONES & SEARLL. 865 Market st.
"■"GROCERY and bar for sale, with lease; open
.". fr>r." inspection. Apply northeast corner Page
'arid; Octavia sts., or CURTIN & BEALS,
Mills- building; third floor.
•?400HGOOD- paying bakery baking 2 barrels
.-.with- few hour wagon route; most trade in
' store"; owner retiring from business. Address
"Box" 86.. Call Office.- ■ . . :
• ■$.}6<«i WILL buy a 26- room hotel; 2-story,' hard-
.- "firsished and furnished; new windmill and
= tank: lot 75x150 goes with building. Call at
.- • 2a6.' T.-hlrd st.
DRY: .goods store for sale in San Jose, Cal.;
■•"■ "goo/i reason for selling; at a bargain;, best
•location- in city. Apply The Call. San Fran-
; ' -ot»cd. ; -
■jjrioU-iS-ROOM rooming house nicely furnished:
■' .-good' location; rooms all occupied; select. Box
;•■• .2<YV : -etLlr Office. ■ ■ ' '
BARBER shop running 2 chairs: clearing $20 a
'"•week "'will give trial; with 3 rooms furniture.
-. ':. '8e.»;.127, Call Ofnce. -
: : $sWV-i-DRCO store; ownW going East; fine place
'. •for..dfTCtor. Apply 306 Sixth St. •
•OLD- corner grocery and bar; good location;
.' ' cheap.:' "Inquire Call Office.
• P. VRBER shop for sale In country; doing good
. • business. ■ Apply __> Third st.
.' _,a_) : T in legitimate business wishes gentleman
. '•to.buy half Interest. Address box 242, Call.
siiofe shop for sale. Apply Call office.
-.-OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon cheap. 211 Grant
; -avenue. ..
FOR" SALE— Fremont Bazaar. 1787 McAllister
. «t-, neiir Baker; opposite Fremont School:. no
'.. -"opposition; has the exclusive trade of large
" :school- Inquire on premises. ■
ONE -of the oldest dyeing establishments in
• "t-nfe city for sale cheap on account at re-
' . ; tVring'-from business. Inquire. 148 Third st.
BAKERY. • elegantly fitted up: fine cash
" triule.; owner anxious to Bell. .3025 Sacramento.
BAR-BEB shop for sale or one-half interest;
• -ho-" reasonable offer refused. Box 204. Call.
FIItST-'CLASS rooming house for sale; fine lo-
■ ■ • n : ; pays well. 910 Pine st.
• $J2S^-6y-tet -and chop house; best place in
. town. ' Box 202, Call office. ?
CIGAR store for sale cheap on account of leav-
. jng c)ty. 434^ Third St.
'" FOR ; SALE— Grocery and bar. Inquire 1400
.. iFoi'gprn. St.. corner Tenth. - .
' $300 —BOARDING house with 11 furnished
• •>;•.; regular boarders: trial berore buy-
.-. .Address M. J.. box 4; Call of flee. Oakland.
MONEY en diamonds. s<?a!skins, watches and
"■ jeir.clrv at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
: -PAYING commission and realty business: can
: -.-.tinw. monthly Income $100; other business to
.attjend to; J250. Z., box 1, Call, Oakland.
: LA'DY wants working partner with some capi-
t al- "good-paying business: security for money.
." 'Call, or address 930H Mission st., room 2.
GAS" fixtures very low: large assortment: 1
. and "2 bowl barber washstanda. cheap. HLI-
• SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye. .- ..
-GROCERY and bar: suitable for man
• .and wife; 4 rooms; stable; yard; rent $9,
"; --bargain. 457 Tehama st.
PARTNER wanted; half-interest in good busi-
" f new: restaurant. ' For particulars Proprietor,
. . 812; Larkln st. "'■ '
■ PARTNER, with $200 for office business; big
.••' change for right man. Box *09. Call.
FOR- Sal«— Shoe shop: on account sickness. 181
. Minna St., near Third. -'.".,-
•STATIONERY store; good, old paying place;
• make a nice living. Apply Call office.
■ EXPERIENCED miner with good references
' has located 2 claims with 5 ledges near
' Angels Camp; wants partner with money for
•'. developing. Address Miner, box 233, Call.
' ELEVENTH and Mission— Corner store: fine
• • ."opportunity for saloon or French liquor store.
". GOOD: harness business for sale: work enough
. .for 2 men: thorough investigation given: re-
• ;- dv Btock if necessary. 621 E. 12th. Oakland.
TO' PRINTERS-Complete job office In Oak-
__?an_; cheap for cash. D., box L Call. Oakland.
FOR sale— route at San Jose. For "par-
_"_._ CUiars apply a Call business office. -
' ■ CO ,F F ;!F E _ and tea routes supplied- from GEO.
" ___V.JCASWELL & CO.' 3, 415 Sacramento st.
- . ELEVENTH. UK-Branch office of The Call.
. ' Subscriptions and ads taken. _■ ■
: '. •■ '. CARPET CLEANING.
CJTY Bteam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
' 5. OV *5, t 'J la^. :< _* tll - C H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38. and 40 Eighth at.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become dißgußted with poor work
. send to - SPALLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
.. - beating Works, 353-57 Tehama et.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
' fel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 453
Stevenson at.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
- CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relald at He.
: STRATTON. 3 Eighth ft.; tel. Jessie 944.
. J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st. ; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
' "^TO LEASE.
THE old building of the Y. M. C. A.. 23J
Butter St.; long lease: very low terms; can
be rented- a* a whole or In divisions ; largo
and splendid location; no reasonable rent r»-
; fue.e4l. Apply to MADISON _ BURKE.
• ■ •. • PHYSICIANS. •
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
PERSONALS.
PHREE ladies left Orpheum matinee Wednes-
ilav before performance closed ;• will one with
sreen dress and gray Jacket communicate
with "Front." box 134. Call office.
rOHN - FINCH, baker, communicate with
HENRY BROS.. Angels Camp.
3 A carpets wove to order and for sale: also
cr.enir.e- wove : rugs. -silk portieres; dealer in
r»rDet twine. In hank or chain.' at lowest
rates GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
\\Y Information of one ISADORE BAER
KTN-KEI "TEIN will be kindly received and
Snply rewarded. ISADORE BAER FINK-
T.-i «STEIN of whom we are seeking to learn,
was born in Polish Russia. Suwalck Province,
in a little town called Allinka. He left for the
United States about IS6O and Is supposed to
nave settled in San Francisco and was In
business. Any information will be thankfully
received by MAX FINKELSTEIN. 215 Gay
st., .Kno_vllle. Term. - .
(OIT will lever go elsewhere if I dress your
hair once for 25c; lialr restored to natural
color. $1 50 up: good switches. $1; finest. $3 &0;
extra. $3: open Sunday, 9 to 12. G. LED-
ERKR. 11l Stockton st.
iVILL any old miners of the early '60** who
knew Morris Ingram or John Hanks, from
years '52 to '56. write to Mrs. Florence
Hoyer. Pad-can. Ky.. or answer through
paper? ■ - ___,
3LECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third at., near Market: 200 rooms.
20c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
si: Lederer"? Qulnonia; causes a healthy
growth. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
SEW method of treating diseases by elec-
tricity; lessons given. 1515 A Howard st.
ELECTRIC sealskin . Jackets to order. $50.
MARX'S - Fur ■ Store. 957 Market st.
HOME in confinement: diseases ■of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 «th St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and B— .
A. WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing. ___^
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
_ME GOLDSTEIN— ETegant. stylish dresses. $3
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st.. rm. 14-1;».
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
ROOMS; new and clean..... $I»s<>
74 rooms; south of Market st. ; fine 4000
31 rooms; transient; Market st »o«
15 rooms; select: transient; corner ~ 3W>
14 rooms; fine house; Income $50 clear 800
30 rooms; elegant; furnished hotel. 1800
50 rooms; part cash; transient. ............. 14-0
18 rooms: Market st.; clears $200; cheap.- S5O
F C." HYDE & CO.. successors to Rogers
& Hyde. 1206 Market st.
A— 26 ROOMS; rent $50; near Baldwin Hotel;
call this week; bargain. F. C. HYDE &
CO., successors to Rogers & Hyde, 1206 Mar-
ket 'st.
A^-KREDO & CO GEARY ST.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOW RATES...
105 rooms; best paying In city $4200
60 rooms; apartment: clears $150 3000
34 rooms; fine corner; half cash 2000
23 rooms; clears $75 month....: 650
20 rooms; two entrances; Market 300
11 rooms; Geary; doctor pays rent 550
9 rooms; also S rooms; bargains 200
Others too numerous to mention. KREDO
& CO. . - - - ■ ■
a. .C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
10 rooms; corner; very good $ 250 i
24 rooms; sunny corner: clears $100 900 -
5S rooms: corner: clears $250 2200 1
100 others; 2 to 100 rooms; prices $100 to. 8000
£2-room house: fine and good •• 2800
10-room house; worth $300; only...^_. 180 |
ALL TITLES GUARANTEED.
See my bargain list In to-day's Chronicle.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
STENBERG & CO 26% KEARNY ST. i
28 rooms; clears $70; central $700 :
8 rooms; sunny corner; clears $30 800
24 rooms; Third St.; family house 1000
18 rooms; corner; big bargain 600
27 rooms; owner's 6. years; N. Market St.;
other bargains. STENBERG. 26% Kearny.
5325— LODGING house: bargain; on account of
sickness. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market.
RARE chance; 9-room house; central; well
furnished; 4 rooms bring in $122; rent only
$35. Apply Call office. *-
FLAT of 8 rooms; cheap; only $23. 358V4 Jes-
sie ?t., near Fifth. -
Moo— lB-ROOM lodging house. 501 Leavenworth
street.
10-ROOM house cheap; must leave city.
242 Taylor st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
"OMPLETE furniture of 3 housekeeping rooms
cheap. 2407 Clay fit.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
K%' we are Belling good uprieht pianos for $6
cash and- $6 per month, we ask you to investi- !
gate and approve this- method; prices are the i
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand' uprights upon same easy 1
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and !
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. !
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter j
stR., Pan Francisco, and . Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ; j
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other- musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done-.to please and satisfy the
customer. _____________________
MARSHALL A WENDET t , $75; C. Hall.
$100; Bradbury. $130; Neuman. $145; Sterling,
$185: Estev, $190; guaranteed; easy payments.
IJENJ. CURTAZ _ SON, Chlckering agents,
16 O'Farrell st. / . - : ' "
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.; they
are making room for fresh stock.
3OHMER & CO..' Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
BrirKs and other pianos; see. our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post »t.
STEINWAY upright, almost new; bargain for
cash. 834 Turk st. ■.
$60- UPRIGHT; *5 installments; other cheap
pianos. . 216 McAllister st. . :
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HKINE, 138 Ellis St. ....
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister St.,
next Hlbemla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER * CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins,, r.ithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
HORSES. ,
LAROE^assortment of work, draught and driv-
ing horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carta. harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A- DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds: 40 homes: must sell Emporium Bales
Yardii. 2tO Valencia, at. ;_______________
. WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers' and milk : wagons cheap
■ for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st. } ■
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont .at.
ONE collar -and cuff polisher; Tiler machine;
: as good as new. Box 78, Call office. : :
NEW mining and milling machinery cheap;
easy terms. Assay office, 10 Stevenson at.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records, $5 per dozen;
: projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupi. 938-852 Market.
OLD buildings and lumber bought and sold.
Apply Ellis, near Buchanan, or Royal House,
126 Ellis st. F. J. FRENCH & CO. ■ ''
BARS back bars, mirrors, . show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, of flee furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above-Sixth.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission at.
j R POOL house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. 80. 787.
(SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
■ Bites-half original coat. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
BARS chow cases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought ■ and sold. 1063 Mission St., nr. Seventh.
~ SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
*2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine •upplies. 145 Sfxth; phone Mint 45.
ALL -kinds -bought, sold.: exchanged, rented;
repairing- at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st,
~~ TYPEWRITERS.
ATxT^ypewrltters sold and rented ; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
■ prices. ALEXANDER & CO., UP Montgomery.
NEW Hammond. $35: Call graph. 116; Yost, $25;
get sample work. ; SCOTT, *33 Montgomery.
THE SAJS FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 25, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT house 8 rooms; front and rear gar-
den. 818 McAllister st, ; rent $35. , . -- . - -
GROVE, between ' Buchanan I and Webster —
House of 9. rooms and i bath. G. W. PAT-
TERSON. 1957 Market st. ..
LEAVENWORTH, 2202— House of 10 rooms:
beautifully situated; large grounds; rent
'" moderate; If agreeable be taken partially in
board. • -'
MASON, 809, near Pine— House of 8 large sunny
■ rooms; bath and ga«; low rent to good tenant.
RESIDENCE. 10 rooms, 703 Taylor -St., near
Sutter; residence,, 11 rooms,' 607 Stockton St.,
near Pine. Inquire room 614, Call building.
WE "can rent you a house- with or without ■ a
■flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. "- ."-... . . ,'".. -~ ."-.': I
H2— HOUSE of 6 rooms. 3 Lawrence place, off
Fremont St., between Harrison and Bryant;
- planked yard; grand view of bay. ■■"■.--
339. HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. " ' " "
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
MODERN sunny corner, • nicely furnished. 6
rooms; also cottage. 5 rooms. SOOB Webster.
.... COTTAGES TO LKT.
COTTAGE, . $20; .flats, $16; suite 3 rooms. $3;
clean; good neighborhood. 1312 Union st.
$10- BAY-WINDOW cottage of 4 rooms; water
free. 105 Collins st., near Oeary.
~~ FURNISHED FLATS.
5 SUNNY rooms; newly furnished. 1023 O'Far-
relL st., near; Van Ness aye. . -■. ~: ;■; ■ . .-■ .- ■ >
4-ROOM flat, nicely furnished, and bath. 11l
Fell st. ' -.. ■■.---.--■
~"~~ . . FLATS TO LET.
A-40 flats; and 4 rooms ....s7— sll '
a 70 flats: sto 7 r00m5.... $11— $20
20 new flats (cheap) at SPECK & CO.' S. 602
* Market st. ' ' ■ - j
A NEW $35 flat, garret, garden; will let for $21; i
magnificent marine view; near Pacific
Heights School. 2719 Union st. _______ j
BRANNAN, 422, near Third— flat of 4|
rooms on sunny side of street; rent $11; water ,
and cellar free. - • ... |
BRANNAN. 725, above Sixth— flat of Sj
■rooms. $7; also flat of 2 rooms, $5. - . '
BROADWAY. ' 1122A-Upper flat. 4 choice sun-
ny rooms; modern Improvements; $IZ.
CHOICE upper flat; 6 rooms, bath and large ;
basement. SB6 Central aye., near Park pan- |
handle; Hayes-st. cars.
EDDY 1244. near Laguna— Sunny flat 5 rooms;
bath; modern Improvements. j
ELEGANT flat, 7 rooms, bath; rent $35. 625 ;
Post st. ; !
FOLSOM. 951. near Sixth-Flat with 7 rooms j
and bath; suitable for private and rooming.
FOLSOM. 1134— Nice sunny flat, 6 rooms; all
modern conveniences; $14. Apply 1130 Folsom. ,
FULTON. — Fine sunny middle flat, 7 rooms;
bath: near City Hall. _______
GEARY, 1135, between Van Ness and Frank-
lin— Elegant modern upper flat 7 rooms: bath.
MCALLISTER, 635— Modern sunny flat of 7 ■
rooms, $25.
MINNA. 648, near Eighth— Sunny corner flat
of 4 and 7 rooms; bath; range If required; ap-
preciated if seen. ____^ '
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
OAK 921 A —Nice flat, 6 rooms and bath: rent j
reduced, $18; water free; nr. Park Panhandle. :
PEARL. 27. off Market, near Valencia— Sunny |
upper flat of 3 rooms In rear; $7.
SUNNY flats. 3 and 4 rooms; bath. Key at
1626 Howard St.. near Twelfth.
UPPER flat of 5 nice sunny rooms and bath;
rent cheap. 1355 Vallejo st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. -
6 ROOMS, bath; large stable; reasonable. 5V_
Camp st., near Guerrero and Sixteenth.
$12 50— UPPER flat; 4 sunny rooms. 730 Army
St.. near Guerrero. _ '
$16—5 rooms. 16 Cumberland St.. off Guer-
rero. between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
mTCHANAN, 602. cor. Fell— window and
kitchen; sun ail day; $12- V "
BRANNAN. 725, above — Front bedroom
and kitchen furnished complete. $8. I
ELLIS, Sunny Bide, parlor suite newly fur-
nished; use of kitchen: gas and bath.
ELLIS, 557— £ unfurnished or partly furnished
Bunny connecting rooms with bath. .
FIFTH, 348— Suite of rooms furnished ; for
housekeeping; cheap. '
FIFTH. 353—2 or 3 furnished housekeeping,
with bath, double and folding beds; single, $4.
FOLSOM, 613— Housekeeping rooms: one or
two; pleasant rooms; bath. ' " -' - *
FOURTH, 329— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms; also single; cheap rent.
GEARY. 1911. opp. Park— Furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, $16; alcove suite and adjoining
room; porcelain, sink; bath furnished. ; !
GRANT aye.. 213— 4 rooms, suitable for house-
keeping; rent $22. • - ,
GROVE, Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap; also unfurnished; bath.
GUERRERO. S32H— Sunny parlor suite; house-
keeping privilege; bath; rent $12 50.
HARRISON. 618— Unfurnished double parlors,
sun all day. $9: and 3 rooms, $8; to quiet, re-
sponsible adults; references.
HOWARD, 746— Two- unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
HOWARD. 761^— Nicely furnished sunny bay
window suite; others; man and wife; kitchen.
HOWARD, — Sunny bay window rooms
complete for housekeeping or 1 or 2 gentle-
men: also single rooms; rent low.
HOWARD. 1113H— Rooms $4 per month; 3
housekeeping, 12 per month. . ■
HOWARD. 1653— Three- room suite; sunny and
good neighborhood; large yard; $7. "
JESSIE. 373,- near Emporium— J rooms; newly
furnished for housekeeping; only $15.
LAKE, 208, Sacramento-st. ' car— 3 well fur-
nished Funny rooms; bath; hot. cold w. ; $12.
LARKIN. 1315— Sunny front and back connect-
ing rooms; gas; bath; privilege of light house-
keeping. !
LEAVENWORTH, Large unfurnished bay-
window rooms; American family; adults; $10.
LEAVENWORTH, Nicely furnished sunny
' housekeeping and single rooms; cheap. I '■
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— sun-
ny room and kitchen unfurnished; reasonable.
MINNA, 648— Furnished rooms . for housekeep-
Ing. I - "
MINNA. 648— Two sunny unfurnished rooms
» with a stove, or partly furnished. ■
MISSION, Large sunny furnished rooms;
\ housekeeping; $7 to $8 per month.
MISSION, Front sunny housekeeping- rooms
$8; also single rooms.
MISSION. 1125 I Large, nicely furnished front
. room and kitchen, $12; bedroom. $6. ■;..-.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins and • Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 16
■ Gran t aye. ' ' .:' •■•;■. -■'■■•■*..- •.-■:•..'-■ r '
NINTH, 20— 2 sunny connecting rooms, stove,
water and gas, $11; front bay window, grate,
gas, $8. ": ' -■--■ --••--■:
O'FARRELL. 638— 2 real pleasant rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished^ housekpg If desired.
SHIPLEY 259, near Sixth and Howard— 4
rooms, $«: no children; no animal..
TURK. 405— Sunny furnished light housekeep-
ing rooms; also others; $6 and $8. ■
TWELFTH, 40—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; gas; bath; $10 or $I.'.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ae-
i commodatlons for cooking. 9th & Washington.
" ROOMS TO LET.. /,
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable. . v
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike: reasonable;
Com Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence, - 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell ; | elevator; baths; best attention.
A— STOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
AT 418 O'Farrell-iSunny rooms; suites: single;
by day, week or mo.; baths, running water.
BUSH 1124— Elegant home ; large rooms ; run-
' ning water; bath; single room. $8: grounds.
CLARA 52%, . near Fourth— sunny fur-
nished front room; $6 month. . . " .
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— 3unny suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable. '
DELAWARE. 1433 . Market- Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rma. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, «2 (The Lexington)— Rooms 50 cents to
$1 per night; $2 to $8 a week: families. ,
EDDY, , 818— Newly - furnished \ room*; private
■,-. family.'- •.--■■; :»-.'y' ■■'« ■■"■■' '•■: i <M-. '■ -- : -. ;:■ l! - ■-■
ELLIS, : 689, cor. Larkln— Bay window alcove;
mantel, gas, bath ;-*«_„ preferred.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. •
FIFTH 309 — Large / sunny, corner room : run-
ning water: other rooms; also housekeeping.
FIFTH, 322— ?1 week : ■ large | sunny furnished
room; closet, bath; private.
FOLSOM. 766>£— 2"large sunny furnished- rooms
to let; $4 and $5. ' ■
FOLSOM. 820 f near Fourth— sl a week and up;
sunny furnished rooms. j
FULTON 116— : large sunny room; rent. ,
$6; privilege housekeeping.  . '■■ -••'■.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)-Ele ant furnished i
-room*; suites or single; MRS. H. HYER. |
GEARY, Sunny alcove suite suitable for 2
— gents ; or man and wife. .«..— -—. -....- I
GIRARD House. 192 Seventh, near Howard—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night. 25c ,to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
j . single; elevator; moderate rates; families. .;
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select . family j
. rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HILLSDALE. 33 Sixth st.-Sunny ■ suite for
. v housekeeping ; suite for 3 gents; reasonable. ]
HOWARD, 1068— sunny parlor suites; - house-
keeping rooms and single rooms; $5 up: bath.
LAFAYETTE, 31. bet. Eleventh and Twelfth,
off Mission— 4 unfurnished rooms; rent $12.
LEAVEN WORTH, 411— Sunny parlor suite, suit-
able for 2 gents or couple; also unfurnished.
MANSFIELD— 2I2 Post— Elegant sunny rooms,
suite or single; baths connecting; moderate
rates. ■-' . - •'-' "' •
MARKET, 1032— Newly furnished -sunny room*,
suite or single. $C up. . ", .'-■", '■'.'■
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly - furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 665, close to Third— Nicely, furnished
sunny rooms ; rent reasonable, y ;'
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry
and sealskins at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
OCTAVIA. 155— Unfurnished or furnished sunny.
■ handsome parlors; no children. . , ' "
O'FARRELL. Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric tights': day. * ■ eek or month.
POLK. 611— Newly furnished su:i«y parlors. $2
also large sunny room, suitable for 2 gents,
rent $10; r modern conveniences. MRls. T.
JORDAN.
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms; reasonable. >-
SEVENTH. 178— Nicely furnished front rooms;
reasonable. . ', . *'■ . (..■'. ' - ■-•". ' ..*
SHERMAN Apartment '-.House.': 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 216*4— Quiet and respectable and family
rooms; reasonable. : ■ *
TAYLOR. 407— Large sunny furnished room for
gent; also, furnished .flat for housekeeping. .
TAYLOR, 1519, near Broadway— Elegant suit*
front rooms, with piano and all comforts,
$15; also single rooms, $10 and $5.
THE Piedmont. »9A Sixth St.— Nicely furnished
modern gunny rooms.
THIRTEENTH. 329. near Valencia— Front par-
lor. $6; small room. $4.
TREMON'T House"," 1773 Market St., ' opp. Gough
—House newly furnished; single rooms or.
suits; two .kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping; rooms from $5 to $12.
VAN" NESS aye. . Large sunny single room« j
with privilege of parlor; modern conveniences. ,
VAN NESS aye., 509— Exceptionally large, new- j
ly furnished bay-window room; sun all day; |
opportunity for gentleman desiring home in i
private family; tele.; modern conveniences. |
VAN NESS, 938— Pretty room; hot and cold;
! gas; bath; $10: larger one, $15.
WENDT Hotel, 22 Sacramento— Best rooming i
house on water front; single 25c up: week $1 i
up; fine rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
ROOMS AND BOARD
BRANNAN, 444-6 (New Mechanics Hotel)— J
Board and room $4 50 per week; single room*
$1 per week .... . ]
ELLIS, 61S— Nice sunny nvoms with first-class !
table board; use of parlor, piano; $20 up.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with ]
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
GEARY, 601— Room and board; $20 per month.
GOLDEN GATE. 334— Sunny alcove room, with
board; for 2 gentlemen; pleasant home; other
rooms. ...■■-■-•■■
HEAT"h 312 Eddy— Select family boarding
house; first-class all appointments; hot water
every room; home cooking: terms moderate.
HYDE, — Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with
board; also single room; private: reasonable. |
' LEAVEN WORTH, 1116. near California— Front j
sunny room; bath, gas, running water; first-
class boar«_slBjm£n^h£r^^_^_ :^_________
O'FARRELL. 742 — Very best board; pleasant
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. S3 per
week; with nice sunny front room.* $4 week.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market St. suites, with board for 2. $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VALENCIA. 1070 (The Irving)— Family board*. ;
warm belt; large grounds: gunny room«; reaa.
VAN NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished suites |
and single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS, 712— Large sunny front suites: sin-
gle rooms; first-class table board: .;
VAN 1 NESS, Large sunny double and sin-
gle rooms with good table board. $50 up.
~ CHILDREN BOARDED. •
FIRST-CLABB German nurse desires an Infant
to raise; best references; good sunny home;
mother's care. 616 Turk st., near Larkln.
CHILDREN or Infants boarded: mother's care;
references: moderate. 234 Sixth «t. -
STORES TO LET.
FOR RENT— Large, roomy building, suitable
for wood and coal, hay and grain, general
produce business; good location: low rent. In-
quire room 614, Claus Spreckels building,
STORE to let. 448 Third st. ■.. - '
~ MEDICAL.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true iriends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity;' disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure. relief, I
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated; no
delay: Self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAYIES, 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong. $2. ■ :
SELF-CURE can be sent for female trouble:
no matter from what cause and how long
standing; every woman her own physician;
restores always In one day; safe and -sure;
no medicine or Instruments ■: used; consulta-
tion free; saves disgrace; pills- and capsules,
$1- cure $5. By ■ the well-known specialist,
practical physician for -37. years, DR. POP-
PER, 318 Koarny. Rates can be telegraphed. j
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed j
-absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
■' tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60- per box. sent free by I
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all I
Bpecial diseases free. WALLER BROS., 22
Grant aye., 8. .F. - A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. /
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of j
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used:
travelers helped at once; home In confine-
ment; every -case guarp^teed; consultation
free and confidential: self -cure. $5; pills, $1.
MRS: DR. WYETH. 208 Turk at., near Jones.
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars. ;
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mail: at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical ■ Co.. Phlla.
DIT WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital. ■N. V. ; I
offices, Hackmelr Hotel. 123 Eddy st. : hours '
9 to 11, 2 to 5 and : 6 '-to 8; consult him for i
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women: i
patients assured first-class medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced attendants: strictest confidence
maintained In all cases; consultation free.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guaranteed
cure.at office. $5; travelers helped Instantly: i
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St. ■'■■'.'>■' y-
DR. and MRS. WEGENER., 1812 Golden Gate
aye.: private home In confinement, with every
comfort: -best care and attendance; - terms
moderate; infanta adopted Into good homes. 1
ALPEAU'R French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
expressed CO. D. ; don't delay until too late. |
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland.' Cal. I
PRIVATE home In confinement by a first-class
German midwife; Infants adopted into good
home*. ■ 816 Turk st., near Larkln, . -
LADIES, my monthly regulator cannot fall ;
box free. MRS.' B. ROWAN, Milwaukee, Wts.
MRS ACHARD. mldwi'»- home -In . confine- i
ment: confinement alone, $5. 156 Second »t. !
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Pueti; infallible, safe reme-
, j dies: 38 years' ; experience. , 254 4 ■ Fourth st.
DR. HALL. 1228 Market st.,; diseases of .women
and children. ' 'i___l_^__^i______i^_Ll. i
:-,.--■■.'. ■ '"- ""storage. .■• ■_■■._.-•._
piEBCE-RUDoiiPH^Storage and I Moving Co.,
■<i office Tenth and Market telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, . trunks, * etc. ;. Golden West ' Stor-
age Warehouse, 840 Mission st. tel. Mint IS2I. j
,■•:'■.:■:.--■.-'-:."-•• -" •"• ?• " ■' ' - '■ I ■ "
1 '""-•':. CLAIRVOYANTS. ■■-;;:-■
DMAR! ' OMAR! OMAR
: - ■ THE OCCULT "WONDER.
MARVELOUS TESTS.
FULL NAME OF. EVERY CALLER-_
Name qf Sweetheart or Husband. -
Advice to make ; you succeed in love, busi-
ness,' marriage, divorce, law suits, etc.: cure
drunkenness, bad habits, evil influences; lo-
cates mines, buried treasures, etc. ; guarantees
success. • :
OMAR NEVER FAILS
Y-:;"iJ To unite the ■ separated and 4 U,
Cause speedy and happy marriage*. ';/.'.
OMAR
'Guarantees success in all cases.
Letters containing $1 and 4 questions an-
Bwered. Private residence, 325 Eddy st. 325
* — — MRS. DR. F. CLARK- "
X Unrivaled.
Trance Clatrv -ant and Medium.
While entranced she will reveal every hidden
mystery In life; will show you ho-.7 to over
. rrme your enemies, remove family troubles
rest"-*-* lost affections; unites the separate, re-
covers lost, stolen or buried property: locates
treasures, minerals; tells your 'ntlre life,
past, present . and future, while In a perfect
trance, "ours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; perfect
•r.tlsf action guaranteed by mail. Sena, stamp
for circular with special terms.
Rooms 25 and 26, 1206 Market street.
ATTENTION! PROF. H. RO MAINE — ;
The Oriental Seer,
— — — — —Late of India.
TELLS FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Tells what you called for; advises on busi-
ness, speculation, love, everything; reunites
separated; causes speedy marriages; recovers
old estates; locates burled treasures in five
days; never fails.. Satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for special terms. Offices
120« Market st. Hours, 10 to 8. ,
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
1 sight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la.
50c, gents V.; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. ■ HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; $25c. 14S Sixth st., room 10,
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; - business
advice; names given; 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. RAMONDI; ycur fortune told by
chlroKraphy. $1 and 11. 109 Grant aye., room 2.
BGNORA RAMONA. medium and card reader;
10c: ladles only. 2? Ash aye.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the ■< ell-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITI AMSM.
CIRCLE to-day. 2 p. m., 25c: readings, $1. C.
MAYO-STEERS, 112V4-. Oak st. '.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
10c. 605- McAllister st. ; come, skeptics.
O. A. KRAUS, medium; astrology and. palmis-
try; sittings dally. 334 Eddy st. • ' .
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia St.: read-
Ings. $1; cir. Tues., Fri.. I p. m.; Mon. 8; 26c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212H Sixth St. - -
M. FRANCES. independent glate-writlng me-
dium. 118 Halght st. .
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, IS; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless : extraction '. and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings. 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ing*. 997 Market st., cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS extraction, bridge work. New York
methods at New York prices by New York
dentists. 969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given. •
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market Ft.
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY
& CHRISTIE. 8 Mason St., cor. Market.
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and adu taken.
, LE»AL NOTICES.
REFEREE'S sale in partition— ln the Superler
: Court of. the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, Department No. X-
THOMAS F. DUNN, '. Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
RENCE DUNN et als.. Defendants. 'Cause
No. 62.117. — -, ... ....._—•_. ...
Notice Is hereby given that under and in
* pursuance of the Interlocutory decree in par-
tition and order of sale heretofore duly made
and given in the i above-entitled court and
cause, and thereafter, ■to wit, on the 6th day
of April, 188S, duly entered of record therein,
by which said Interlocutory decree of said
court, : the undersigned, G. H. Umbsen, was
appointed by consent in open court of all the
parties to said action, as sole referee in said
cause, for the purpose of .making gale of the
real property hereinafter described, and by
which said decree It was directed that said
real property be sold at public auction in the
manner required by law, the undersigned, as
such referee, will, on Monday, the 12th day
of September, . 1898, at the hour of twelve (13)
o'clock m., at the real estate office and sales-
rooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co.. at No. 14
• Montgomery street,. In the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, sell at
public auction in separate parcels to the
highest bidder for cash In United States gold
coin, and subject to confirmation by said .Su-
perior Court, those certain lots, pieces or par-
cels of real property situate, lying and being
in said City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, and bounded and. de-
scribed as follows, to wit: > "
First Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred an
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna street
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
Ing on | Minna street twenty-five (25) feet,
thence at right angles northwesterly eight
(80) feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (SO) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion of
lot number ten of the One Hundred Vara Sur-
vey as laid down on the official map of the
City and County of San Francisco, and being
a subdivision of said one hundred vara lot. -
Second— Commencing at a point formed by
the Intersection of the southerly fine of Pag
street with the westerly line of. Octavia street,,
running thenoe southerly along said line of
Octavia street forty (40) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelfths
(S7 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
eighty-seven and six twelfths (S7 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement, being a part of
Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (212). , ,
Commencing at a point on the north
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen (217) j feet sou th-
■ westerly from the northwesterly - corner of
! Second and Minna streets (said point of com
mencement being the northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thence northerly at right angles with Minn
street and along the easterly line of New
Montgomery street eighty (80) feet, thence
at right angles • easterly and parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfth
(59 6-12) feet, thence at right angles souther
and parallel with New Montgomery street
plenty (80) feet to the northwesterly line of
Minna street, and thence at right angles
westerly along the northwesterly line of
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(s<> 6-11) feet to the point ■of commencement,
being a subdivision of the one hundred vara
lot number eight (8). ■ • :•-•
Fourth— Commencing at the northwest cor-
ner of Sanchex and Duncan streets, running
thence westerly along the northerly line of
Duncan street eighty (SO) feet, thence north-
erly and parallel with Sanchez street one. hun-
dred and fourteen feet (114) feet, thence. east-
erly parallel with Duncan street eighty J (SO)
feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly along
the westerly line of Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen (114) feet to Duncan
street, the point of commencement, together
with the improvements . thereon. .
Terms and conditions of sale: Ten (10) per
cent of the purchase price to be paid to the
referee on each parcel sold at the time of
sale Balance of purchase price upon : con-
firmation of sale by said Superior Court and
delivery •of I deed, i ■ .
I Dated th.a 19th day o'^^UbleN?- ;
Sole Referee 1", Appointed by Said Superior
Court. DIXKELPPEIL & GESFORD.
Attorneys for Plaintiff. No. 805 Claus Bprec
els Building, San Francisco. -. _,
NO 2720 State of California— ln the Superior
Court in and for the City and County of San
Francisco (Department Ten) ■
In the matter of the petition of IDA M
BCOOFFY for the perpetuation of testimony.
In the above entitled special proceeding- no-
tice is hereby given that under an order of the
presiding Judge -of said court dated July 6,
a TV IS9B and on the application of the abo
named petitioner, IDA M. SCOOFFY. on
THURSDAY. September. S, A. D. IS9S, before
J F SULLIVAN, Notary Public, at his office,"
on the fourth i floor of the Parrott ? building,
aittiated on the : south side .of Market street,
between Fourth and ; Fifth streets, : In the said
city and county of San ;■ Francisco, state of
California, commencing at , the -■ hour :of 10
clock a m. on said date, ■ the -testimony of
HIRAM HURT COOK and of WALTER HER-
BERT. COOK ,In the ; said special proceeding
will be taken. the said special proceeding is to
The object of the said special proceeding Is to
perpetuate the testimony of the said witnesses
In relation ' to ' the . lot and ' premise?, thirty
(30) feet front by sixty: (60) feet : In depth, sit-
uated on : the west side of I Taylor street, be-
tween Paciflo and Broadway streets. in said
city and county, and numbered one thousand
five hundred and forty-one : (1541), • on Taylor
street. , ' '
For further Information reference Is hereby
made to the petition "and order aforesaid.,. .
r r IDA M. SCOOFFY, Petitioner.
Dated Ban Francisco, July «, A. D. 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, > '^ ""- ~
REAL. ESTATE AGENTS.
$3000— Brand-new • 1%-story residence on
Twenty-first st., ; close to Bryant ;- contains 7
rooms, bath, : etc, ; street bituminized and ac-
cepted;' keys at this office; open Sundays for
Inspection bet. 1 and 4 p. m. "
$3000— Polk st., near California, 3-story build-
ing, store and 2, flats: of 6 rooms and bath;
rent $70. .; '. j :
$22,000— Geary St., near Jones; rent $173; good
S-Btory building under secured lease; over 2
years to run; extra large lot.
$100 CASH. BALANCE $15 MONTHLY.
' $1500— Nice cottage on Diamond st., clow to
Castro and Chenery; contains 5 rooms and bath.
Twentieth st., near Castro: 2-story resi-
dence of 7 rooms and bath; also small house in
rear; mortgage of $1700 can remain; lot 25x110.
$2000— Small amount of cash required; very
attractive bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, etc., on Jersey st., near Castro..- - -_-,
000— Rent $330; an offer wanted; good
Chinatown investment on Washington st. ex-
tra large lot, over "0 feet 'by over 100 feet In
depth. . .■,  ; ■
$6500— Rent $60; handsome new flats of 6 and
7 rooms, bath, etc., on Page st., near La guna;
good renting property, close to town.
$7500, worth O'Farrell St.. near La-
guna; modern 2-story basement and attic resi-
dence, containing 12 rooms and latest -Improve-
ments; rent $65; lot 25x120 to rear street.
$4800— Offer wanted; rent $47; Pine st., near
Franklin; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; also cottage on rear street;- lot has 2
frontages.
GOOD BUSINESS PROPERTY. •
$7700 — Splendid building on a prominent street
in the. Western Addition; plate glass show win-
dows; the floor of the store is laid In tiles; the
building was erected for a baker, who is doing
an excellent business. •: ,_ .. . -
$21,000 — Golden Gate ave'.; corner' of promi-
nent street; large lot, 40x90; Improvements con-
sist of flats and 2 stores; rents $177 50.
Tehama st., near Eighth; 2-story frame
building, containing 8 rooms: also a 2-story
house of 8 rooms in rear; rent $35; lot- 26x75.- • -
BALDWIN & HOWELL, _
10 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER - - ".-"/.
- ROOM A, First _ loor,
. '- j ■__ Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! . " PROFITS LATER!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near
Mission-street electric cars: only $5 monthly:
:■ SOL GETZ _ BROTHER.
______________________
SUNSET HEIGHTS -JTS 1
$400. $450 to $850; officially graded; superb
view; $25 down, $10 monthly.
■ ■ SOL GETZ _ BROTHER.
$400, $450 to $750; choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sewered: $25 down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. :
Room A. Crocker building.
$550— 2 corners. 32:6x100; 7 lots, 25x100;
block 1278. outside lands.-
$230—50x120; Thirtieth aye., near I St.; outside
lands.
$160—50x125; S. S. Thrift St., 330 feet west of
Capitol; Railroad Homestead Association.
$65—26x100; W. S. Elmira street, 76 feet north
Helena; Silver Terrace Homestead Association.
CHAS. C. FISHER. 624 Market st.
$425 WILL buy 40x200; Pope St., near Morse,
and 50x120 Concord st., near Morse; Bernal
-Homestead Association. CHAS. C. FISHER.
624 Market st. - • - - -
A—512,500;A — $12,500; grand corner at a great bargain;
8 well-built flats; basement; brick founda-
tion; always rented for over $110 monthly; In
walking distance of new City Hall, only
block from Market: terms, half cash* Apply
A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
$650— LOTS 25x114 or 30x114; sunny ride 25th St.,
between Castro and Noe; will build to suit
purchaser. . ■ . .
$2500— Part cash; a large 6-room 2-story house;
4036 25th st., near Noe. ; one block from Castro-
st. catle cr 24th-st. electric line. F. NELSON.
709 Castro st. ■ ■ ■ ■ - " ■-.■'.
$1150 — LOT 25x120; improved residence; fenced;
tank and well; beautiful Golden Gate view:
must be Fold within 3 days. Apply premises,
110 Nineteenth aye.. near Lake St.: no agents.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN; cozy home In the University
town of Palo Alto; 7 rooms and bath; barn;
lot 84x100. S. S. MORRIS, 630 Market St.. oi
Palo Alto. ' ■; -. --■•-■•■■■
FOR Chicken Ranches— •-• ' • •' • -
j Acreage property in Oakland suburbs on elec
trie car line:- In subdivisions to suit: prici
$100 per acre and upward. ■ -• v
McAFEE BROS., ' - i McAFEE BROS,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco, i Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
J. CALLAGHAN. real 'estate dealer, notary
p_bJl-: property locked after. Sl4 Rrnnrlwi-.
OAKLAND KM II Hi; FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCH ELL-
HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st. See him.
.ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. :
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
• r«: V -UST LIKE PAYING RENT.
11200. $1700, $1800, $2200, 52600, $3000.
' The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are ■ now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5. 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
- We ■ are going to weed them out, and invite
Inspection. -' MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market st..
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and hol!daj~.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR Exchange— ls6 acres . fruit or grain land,
■ improved, j near Vacaville, for city property.
, Box 5, Vaoavllle. ,Cal.
BRING along what .you. have to exchange for
the following properties, all good "and free
from incumbrance;. will assume mortgage or
. pay part cash in. exchange:
' 410 acres In Fresno County
100 acres In Kern County. 10 miles from Ba-
kersfield ...:'..'.:..'.... ...... T.... '....'.
j 140 acres in San Diego C0unty....:....'........
SO acres in Oregon
160 acres in Kansas
:~40 acres 12 mites from Los Ange1e5............
, 82 lots in Olympic City. 0r..:
■ Call or address 465 Seventh st., Oakland.
. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Btore, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest Interest. Room 68. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell it.
ANY amount at 6H per cent )n real estate; Td
»nd 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McfOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, nn J.
ON pianos, furniture, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
FIRST and second mortgages, estates; city and
country. J. W. WRIGHT. 630 Market st.
MONEY loaned on furniture and pianos without
removal. SOS Examiner building:.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. fJB Market st.
$80 TO $RO,OOO- lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryrten, 41.1 Montgomery- rt.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — $500 for well-established business on
first mortgage: good Interest. Box 221. Call.
FINANCIAL.
GOOD situation In mine, guaranteed one year
to competent man: must loan $4000 for equip-
ment" security on property worth $100,000;
investigation: reference*. X.. box 219. Call.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. MS Montgomery *t.
bicyc£es^
GOING out of business; bicycles at your own
rrice until Thursday night. Cleveland Cy-
clery. Oak and Stanyan ste.
I WILL sell 16 new 1897 high-grade bicycle*
(sold in 1«97 for $100) at $29; biggest bargain
of the year; first come, first served. JOSEPH
HOLLE. Twentieth and Folsom aU.
BICYCLES sold, repaired and built to order.
J. HOLLE, Twentieth and Folsom eta.
• LOST.
LOST — Fox terrier male pup; white body: head
brown and tan; left ear. tan spots; right ear.
tan. Return to 2615 California st. and receive
reward. . ■ t •'. ... -■
LOST— Black female hunting dog;" tag No. 132;
lost Sunday, August 21, while being taken
from Alameda to Berkeley on broad gauge
train or Oakland mole. Return to IS 15
Buena Vista aye.; Alameda, and receive re-
ward., - ' ' '
PARROT that speaks Spanish. English and
Italian. i Satisfactory reward to the person
who will return the same to MRS. . C. PEN-
DOLA, 1711 Mason St. -
LOST— A pass book with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the. ■
name of CELINA VINCENT. No. 202-1270. <
The finder will please return to bank.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
James Valles and Laura Andersen... 31-21
John B. Hays and Gertrude W. Pease 30-
W. J. Peebles and Selma M. Anderson 23-20
George A. Hansbrough and Emma" A1150p.. 21-H
Angelo Lencloni and Adele Davinl 22-1
William L. Maxwell and Laura A. Wasson.2S-19
John Anderson and Eliza Vezualn 43-43
A. H. D. Gerstmann and Flo N. Mlddleton.22-16
- BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
Birth,- marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not ■be inserted. They must ■be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed With the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
nonx.
LEAHEY— In this city. August 22, IS3S, to the
wife of W. J. Leahey, a daughter.
NAVARRETE— In this city. August 22. IS9B. to
the wife of E. M. Navarrete. a daughter.
DIED.
Borel. Joseph A. Leavenworth, Kath-
Burke, Eva M. erlne M.
E Buxton, Pamela B. McAullfTe, Katie T."
Clarke.- Nellie T. Merriman, Henry J. •
Earnest, Dr. J. T. Meyer, Mrs. Ellen- A.
Eaton, Arthur H. . Narjot, Ernest
Farriß. William H. Ness, Tillie
Glese, Jurgen H. Olson, Rosa A.
Goldsmith. Birdie Raye, Margaret J.
. Hara, Sen ' Seeman, Wilhelm
Heydenrich, Caroline Terney, Bernard
Johnson, William Wagner, Julia
-Jordan-,- Abbie F. . . | •-. •.*■-■,
BOREL— this city. August 24. IS9S. Joseph
Amile, son of Leon Borel, a native of Califor-
nia, aged 1 year 3 months and 16 days.
BURKE— In this city, August 24. 1898, Eva
Marie, beloved daughter of . Fred T. .and
Mary Burke, and loving sister of Mrs. Wil-
liam Elliott of Benlcia, Cal., Mrs. Hugo A.
Hornlein and Addle, Charlotte, Fred K. and
Daisy Burke of San Francisco, a native of
.Sacramento, Cal. , ....
; Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the -funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 808 Mission street. Interment private.
BUXTON— this city, August 22. i 498. Pamela
B. Buxton, beloved fhother of Mrs. E. . B.
Jacks of Meadow Valley. Plumas County,
Cal.. a native of Camden. Me., aged 84 years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), • at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. - corner
of Stockton and Geary streets. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. ■ .
CLARKE— In this city, August 24. 1898, Nellie
Teresa, dearly beloved daughter of Blondie
and the late James Clarke, and sister of
Mary E., Carrie S. and John H. Clarke, . a
native of San ! Francisco. ■ . ■ . .
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 154 Vi Clara street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church at 2 o'clock for serv-
ices. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
EARNEST— In this city, August 23. 1893, Dr.
. Joseph T. Earnest, brother of Mrs. J. S.
Wall, a native of Tennessee, aged 60 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. C. Bunker & Co.. 2666 Mission street,
Mission Masonic Temple. Cremation at Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
EATON— In this city, August 23.' 1898, Arthur
Holland, beloved son of William L. and
Minna S. Eaton, a native of Minneapolis,
aged 8 years 2 months and 23 days.
lE7"Friendn , and acquaintances are respect-
.fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. L. L. French, 332 Haight street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FARRIS— this city,. August 24. 138, Wil-
liam H Farrts, beloved father of Mrs. Maggie
Taylor of Austin. Texas, and brother of Cap-
tain J. R. Farrls of Alameda, Cal.,. a na-
tive of Richmond, Va., aged 79 years. • "•• • •
GIESE— this city. August 22. 1898. Jurgen
. H ■ beloved • husband of Katie - Giese, and
. brother of Claus Giese. a native of Holsteln.
Germany, aged 50 years 3 months and 18 days.
!C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Shiels build-
ing, 82 6'Farrell street, where the funeral
services will be tuld under the auspices of
Norddeutscher Verein." Remains at the par-
lors of Dlerks & Maass, 95.7 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Odd
". Fellows' : Cemetery.
GOLDSMITH— In this city. August ' 24, 1898,
Birdie, beloved wife of Moe Goldsmith,
daughter of August Quitzow. and sister of
Mrs. Ada' "Greenan and Vincent H. and
Charles Quitzow. a native of New York City,
.aged 22 years 9 months and 1 day.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister, Mrs. Ada Grecnan," 637 Golden
Gate avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. , . . . • .....
HARA— In the City and County Hospital, Au-
■ gust 24, IS9B, Sen Hara, a native of Japan,
• aged 30 years.
HEYDENRICH— In this city, August 24, ISPS.
' Caroline Heydenrich, beloved . mother of
Emlle ■ Heydenrich and Mrs. Emma Meyer, a
native of Germany, " aged 60 years. .
JOHNSON— Union Park, near Colma. San
Mateo County, William, beloved husband of
Mary .Jane Johnson, and father, of Charles
H John W. and Theodore L. Johnson and
Mrs. A. E. Livingston, a native of Illinois,
aged 62 years 8 months and 18 days.
JORDAN— At Duncans Mills, Cal., August 22.
1898, Abhle F. Jordan, mother of -Mrs. Frank
P. Burgees and Miss Flora Jordan, aged 58
years 10 months and 2S days. ; .-••■■,
CZThe funeral will take/place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock. ■ from the First Con-
gregational Church.- Friends are invited.
LEAVENWORTH— In Altruria. August 23. IS9B,
Katherlne M.. wife of C. F. Leavenworth,
•a native of Warren, Pa. . . -..;.• '!■ •■■• •
McAULIFFE— In this city. August 23, IS9S,
Katie T., second and dearly beloved daughter
of Nora and the late Timothy McAuliffe, and
dearly beloved sister of James P., Joseph L.,
Dennis, Mary, Eugene . and . the late . John
McAuliffe, a native of San Francisco, aged 20
>e |E?Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother. 947 Church street, between
Twenty-first ! and Twenty-second, thence .to
. St.' James Church, for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MERRIMAN— In this city. August 24. 1898.
Henry Joseph, beloved- son of Francis and
Rose Anna Merriman, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 years 5 months and 24 days.
MEYER— In this city, August 23. IS9S. Mrs.
Ellen A. Meyer, a native of ; Switzerland.
aged 40 years.: - - - ' . ".. " '' ■
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at" 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Paul's Church, . corner Church
■ ■ and Twenty-ninth • streets, where a requiem
mass will, be celebrated for the ■ repose of
her soul, commencing at S o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. , . . .-■ •->• . ■ ;
NARJOT— In this city, August 24," 1898, Ernest,
beloved husband jof Santos Ortiz de ' Narjot.
and father of Mrs. C. H. Howard." Mrs. R.
Corella and Ernest Narjot, a native of Saint
Male, France, aged 71 years 3 months and 23
' try The : ' "funeral services will : be held
• to-morrow '(Friday), at. 9:30 o'clock, at Notre
Dame dcs Vlctoires Church. ...-.• « .
NESS— In Altruria. Sonoma County. August 24,
, IS9B Tillie. . beloved wife of Arthur : Ness,
mother of Lillian Ness, beloved daughter of
Emil and Marie Krenz,; and sister of • Her-
mann Emil. Rudolph and the late Arthur •
I Krena, i»] native of San Francisco. , aged . 24
years 1 month and 5 days. ." . - ■'...'■
OLSON— In this city. August 24, 189.5. Rosa A..
Infant daughter of Ole and Emma Maria
Olson, a native of ; San Francisco, . aged 1
month and 7 days.' '- .. . ' •;. ' ." " . . ,
RAVE— In this < city, August 24, 1898, Mar-
garet Jane, beloved wife of William H. Raye."
' mother .of :• Alice, Frank, William, Clara,
Thomas and Ralph Raye, and sister of J. J..
"Thomas and James Sullivan, a native of Bos-
• ton, Mass., aged 54 years. • ■ ■ >'s . . *
•■(CTThe funeral will take place ts-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from SIIV4 Folsom
street, between. Fourth. and Fifth, thence; to
' St. "■• Rose's ■ Church for ; services. Interment
' Holy Cross Cemetery. . • •-: • -" ' '
SEEMAN— In this city. August 23, ,1898, WH-
helm, beloved husband of Emma Seeman.
and father of Fred. Nellie. Clara, Grace. '
! Daisy, George, Herbert and Pearl Seaman, a
- native of ', Breslau. Germany, . aged 54 years
and 10 , months. A member of . the ' German
Krieger ' Verein, German ' Veterans "of : , the
Grand Army, and Valley Lodge No. 30. A. O.
U. W. .•":-■-•.'.. "HpasrawfißSwaaßSlßSSS^BSSH
, (CyFrlends and • acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), from his late residence, 38 Clarence
place, thence .to ; B'nai , B'rlth Hall, where
funeral services will be held under the aus-
• pices of the German Krieger Verein, . com-
mencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Cynress
.Lawn Cemetery, by electric, car leaving Four-
; teenth and Mission streets at 2:30 o'clock.'.' ■.
TEHNBT— In Oakland. August 24. 1898. Ber-
nard beloved ■ husband of Marguerite Terney.
a native of County Meath, Ireland, aged 64
.years.- ... . •- - -H.v->. "
WAGNER— In this city. August 24, I*9B. Julia.
' beloved : wife ■of the late Joseph Wagner, and
beloved sister of Mrs. Joseph Miller and Wil-
■ -'.Ham<Hoen!g,"a* native of = Germany, = aged - 38
■.-'yean.'-'--;: ' '-■ T"-- '■■'■ ■'-.' :^'* ■•■-<-' ' ' : ' :: -"- ; --' ■
I- JMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. *"|
■FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALSCEKSj
]; ; -- 20 FIFTH ST., opp Lincoln Sehoal. r |
I *"."-*.; Telephone, South SO. • • ' H
-, .  v ■ mm .'
1516
BOX OF DEADLY BONBONS
PROBABLY FIXED IN STOCKTON
A Suspicious Incident That
Hay Fasten the Crime
on Mrs. Botkin.
THE CANDY CLERK RECALLS A
STRANGE CUSTOMER.
Substituted Confections for Those Originally
in the Package==The Accused Woman
Makes a Statement in the
City Prison.
Reasonable doubt as to the
guilt of Mrs. W. A. Botkin, the
suspected murderess of Mrs. J.
P. Dunning and Mrs. Joshua A.
Deane, will soon vanish if the
statements made by John Gat
trell and W. K. Kuhn of Stock
ton are true and can be sworn
to. Gattrell is the head clerk in
the "Wave candy-store and he
says that about three weeks ago
a woman whose description is
identical with that of the woman
under arrest came into the store
and asked him for a box of bon
bons, saying she wished to put
in with the store candy some of
her own make. The clerk gave
her a plain box, as the rule of
the store is that none but candy
made in the establishment is sold
under the firm's name. The box
of candy was handed to the
woman and she removed a por
tion of it and substituted bon
bons she had in a small sack.
The clerk wrapped the box,
gave it to the woman and she
left the store. He had not seen
her since.
Mrs. Botkin was in Stockton
July 2S, 29 and 30. It was on one
of these days the Incident oc
curred.
W. K. Kuhn, proprietor of the
candy store referred to, says he
and also his clerk can identify
the candy made in his place, and
they can also identify the box.
If the box sent to Dover came
from Kuhn's store and if he iden
tifies the uneaten bonbons as his
manufacture, and then if Gattrell
identifies Mrs. Botkin as the
woman who bought them, she
stands convicted of the most dia
bolical, premeditated and cun
ningly executed murder in the
criminal annals of the century.
While in Stockton last week
the accused woman was ill and
hysterical, and it is rumored that
she uttered many significant
words bearing directly upon the
tragedy while her mind wan
dered.
The police have received an in
timation that a woman recently
bought poison in Stockton. This
is being investigated.
Mrs. Botkin is now in the City
Prison, where she will be de
tained until the arrival of De
tective McVey of Delaware, who
is now on the way here to secure
her extradition. She made a
statement to the Chief of Police,
absolutely denying that she is
guilty of the double murder, and
gave details of her actions since
August 27, on which date she
went to Stockton and remained
two days.
STOCKTON, Aug. 24.— Chief Gall to
day obtained unexpected and impor
tant evidence bearing upon the Dun
ning case. It is not too much to ex
pect that within a few days it will be
proven beyond a reasonable doubt
that Mrs. Botkin prepared the poisoned
bonbons for Mrs. Dunning when she
was here three weeks ago. Mrs. Bot
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Read What CUTICURA REME-
DIES Have Done for Skin-
Tortured Babies.
My little sister (Annie Matthews, La Plata,
Chtrles County, Md.) had the cow-pox, when
only seven years old. She suffered terribly,
and everything we tried did no good. Every ■
time her clothes were taken off, every bit of
scab would come with them ; she was raw all
over. One box of Cutiouba (ointment) and
a cake of Cuticura Soap, cured her in three
weeks. Mrs. ELIZA. ROVE.
Feb. 23,98. 1219 Fourth St., N. W. Wash.D.C.
My niece's little baby, two years old, was so
badly afflicted with Eczema that he needed
constant watching. His face was always full
of large sores which be scratched constantly.
Mornings, his clothes, face and hands were
stained with blood. They had medical treat-
ment, and tried everything. She commenced
Cuticura Remedies. The sores left his face
and he was entirely cured. Mrs. L. J. ROOT,
Feb. IC, 1898. New Scotland, H. Y.
Out little boy was four weeks old when he
had Eczema, in the most horrible state. His
face was full of scabs, and parts of the flesh
were raw. We used Cuticura Soap and ono
box of Cuticura (ointment), and in one week
this boy was as good as ever.
Mr. and Mrß. J. C. FREESE,
Feb. 15, 1808. 3CO So. First St., Brooklyn.
When my boy was three woeks old, I noticed
a very red roughness on his face. We had
several doctors, but they did no good. I was
told to use Coticura Remedies, and after
■using one box and a half of Cuticura ( olnt-
mentVand C uticura Soap, he is entirely cured.
Mrs. W. G. LOVE,
Feb. 26, '98. 1913 Wilder St., Phila., Pa.
'■• Babies on fire, babies burning up, babies In agony from
torturing and disfiguring, itching and burning, skin «nd
scalp diteuet. None but mothers realize how they suf-
fer. To know that a warm bath with Cuticcka Soap,
and a single anointing with Ctrncci*. purest of emol-
lient iktn cures, will afford Instant relief, permit rest and
sleep, end point to a epeedy cure, and not to use them la
to fall In your duty. Think of the years of suffering en-
tailed by sneh neglect. Cures made In childhood an
speedy, permanent, and economical.
Sold throughout the world. \ Poitbb Dana ajtd COT*.
Coir., r'o'.e Prooi., Boston.
«T- " All About Bab/'* SUa, Bcalp, and Hair " fre..
kin arrived here on the morning of
Thursday, July 28. She went at once
to the home of Mrs. Rauof on Fremont
street. Mrs. Rauof says that Mrs. Bot
kin was in poor health and went out
but little during her brief sojourn here.
Further than this Mrs. Rauof has
nothing to say concerning Mrs. Bot
kin's health or state of mind on tho
occasion of this visit. On the afternoon
of the following Saturday she bade
Mrs. Rauof good-by, saying she was
going to return to San Francisco. Mrs.
Rauof did not accompany Mrs. Botkin
to the train, as the latter said her hus
Incidents in the Arrest and Imprisonment of Mrs. Botkin, the Suspected Poisoner.
band was to be at the depot to see her
off and had said he would have her
ticket purchased for her. Mrs. Rauof
is very reticent and will say nothing.
Frank J. Gattrell, a young man of
good reputation, employed at the Wave
candy-store as head clerk, believes he
sold Mrs. Botkin the box and part of
the contents which brought about the
death of Mrs. Dunning and her sister.
Oattrell fixes his dates from th« frict
that he spent the latter portion of July
In San Francisco on a vacation, re
turning here on the last day or there
abouts of the month in order to as
sume his duties in the store at th" be
ginning of the new month. He possibly
arrived two days before the Ist of
August, and as there was a rush at
the store he went behind the counter at
once. On one of the first days after his
return he was at the counter when .i
woman came in who he says "was of
medium age. My recollection is that
she wore a dark dress. She was not a
tall woman, but rather neat and stout.
I cannot give a description now, but
possibly if I met her I might recognize
her. I do not say I can identify her,
but I might."
Continuing his story, Gattrell says
the woman came up to the counter and
asked if she might have a bonbon box.
The clerk replied that it was against
his orders to allow any candy other
than that of the Wave to go out under
the firm label. She then handed him a
sack and told him to put the candy it
contained in a box and fill it out with
his own. Gattrell then went to the
back of the store and got a box on
which was written in script "Bon
Brms." He showed this to her and
asked her if this would answer, and
she said it would. He then emptied the
candy from the bag she brought with
her into the box and filled it in from
the show case. While the clerk was do-
Ing this the woman told him to put in
mostly chocolates. Gattrell says the
candy which she brought with her was
a mixture of what is known as French
bonbons. He is certain that it was
not cheap candy bought on the street.
Gattrell tied the candy up and the
woman left the store.
He says he would have Drobably
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 25, 1893.
never have thought of the Incident
again, but when the poisoning case
came up and he saw the scene shifted
to Stockton he became interested. He
became doubly interested when he saw
the picture of the candy box in the pa
per. When Mrs. Botkin was arrested
last night and he learned of her build
and manner the whole matter flashed
on him and he made haste to lay the
matter before Chief Gall this morning.
W. K. Kuhn, the proprietor of the
Wave, and his clerk both say they can
positively identify the box as to
whether or not it came from their
place.
Young Gattrell comes of a good fam
ily, bears an excellent reputation, is a
High School graduate and the presi
dent of his class.
In his statement to Chief Gall he
said: "I naturally took an interest in
a case where a box of candy figured.
The woman's aft was unusual, but I
probably would never have thought of
it again had not this case come up and
the developments which occurred here.
The case flashed over my mind and
when I found that the accused woman
was right here in the city I felt it my
duty to tell of the Incident. The only
description I can give of the woman
is a general one. She was not tall.
She was dressed in the light summer
wear usually worn by the ladies here.
I can identify the box and possibly the j
woman. Of the latter I will not be j
certain. I am certain of the correct- )
ness of what I have stated to the chief, j
I have made my statement without \
bias or prejudice and if it has an im
portant bearing on the case I am
neither to blame nor entitled to credit ;
for bringing the facts out."
Chief Gall during the afternoon re
ceived a telephone message from Chief j
Lees giving a description of the box
sent to Mrs. Dunning. The description |
agrees with that of Gattrell in the '
main, but a comparison cannot be }
made, as the candy store is not at ;
present in possession of any of the box
stock which was on hand at that time, i
Both Gattrell and Proprietor Kuhn re- j
call, however, that they used plain |
white enameled boxes labeled "Bon
Bons." There were no ribbons on these
boxes, they having been removed.
There were ribbons on the box
which carried the poisoned potion,
but the sender might have put these on
in a position formerly used by the re
moved silk. These boxes did not bear
any advertisement of the "Wave" and
were kept on hand for such persons as
bought candy here and wanted the re
cipient to believe that it came from
San Francisco. To this end it was of
course necessary to eliminate the local
linn's name.
In the store is a stamp which the
boys u.sed in making an American flag
on packages. If there is an impression
of a flag on the box at Dover, the evi
dence of where it came from will be
conclusive. If it ie not, however, it will
be no proof that young Gattrell is mis
taken, as he says the rule of stamping
the Mag was not invariable and this
box might not have contained the flag.
It was a "four-bit" box and otherwise
agrees with what all the local officers
now know concerning the one who con
veyed the poison to Mrs. Dunning and
her sister.
Mr. Kuhn, the proprietor of the Wave,
says: "Any candy maker will know his
own stock or a box used in his store.
I feel safe in saying that when we get
a look at the box from Dover we can
state positively whether it came from
our store. We have none of the stock
on hand now, but I do not consider this
necessary to an identification."
Gattrell was cautioned by Chief Gall
this afternoon to do no talking, and it
is believed that the Chief is in posses
sion of fuller details than have so far
leaked out. This was not done, how
ever, until after Gattrell made his
statement to The Call correspondent.
The Chief confirmed the correctness of
the statements here given, but refused
to say whether he had learned anything
tending to corroborate Gattrell.
There is a rumor, however, that the
police have a clew to where the poison
was purchased. Mrs. Brueck, pro
prietress of the Windsor, where Mrs.
Botkin was arrested, was asked to-day
concerning the conduct of the accused
while at her place.
"Did you ever see any one else in her
room besides her companion, Mrs.
Rauof, her husband and her son?"
"No, I did not," said Mrs. Brueck.
"No one else ever came there. She did
not go out, and her meals were brought
to her."
Last night a bottle of poison was
taken from Mrs. Botkin at the sugges
tion of Dr. Stone, who suspected she
had it on her person. The physician
attended Mrs. Botkin about a month
ago, at which time she was staying
with Mrs. Rauof, a widow, who has
been her friend, nurse and confidant.
At that time Mrs. Botkin had a fever
and feared that it would develop into
typhoid. Dr. Stone during his atend
ance gave the nurse a vial containing
four grains of morphine, enough for
thirty-two doses. Dr. Stone learned of
the arrest and informed the Jailer con
cerning the poison. It is understood that
it was found on the prisoner when she
was searched at the jail.
"When asked if during his attendance
upon her the woman dropped any re
marks s-howing the state of her mind, or
having any bearings on subsequent
events, Dr. Stone declined to answer.
Mrs. Botkin was hysterical during her
illness and it was thought that possibly
she might have dropped some significant
remarks. The doctor said, however,
that he had formed his opinion of the
case from the first, and that opinion
had not been changed by subsequent
events. He declined, however, to state
what that opinion was.
The visit of Mrs. Botkin to this city
last week was wholly unexpected, ac
cording to the story of Mrs. Rauof.
Last Thursday morning a carriage
drove up to Mrs. Rauof's house in the
northern part of the town and Mrs.
Botkin alighted and said she had come
to remain a few days. She remained
at their place until Saturday, when she
sought her husband's protection.
"I knew Mrs. Botkin," said Mrs.
Rauof, "through her sister, who is the
wife of Professor McClure of Healds
burg College. When Mrs. Botkin was
sick in Oakland some months ago I
nursed her. That Is the way we be
came acquainted. I was, therefore, sur
| prised to see her again last week. After
the reports appeared connecting her
name with the poisoning of Mrs. Dun
ning and Mrs. Deane she became quite
nervous and went to her sister, who
advised her to come with me. I have
been acting only as a companion to
Mrs. Botkin and have been receiving
pay for my services.
"Do I believe she is guilty? No, I do
not," said Mrs. Rauof. "She is not the
kind of woman to do anything of the
j sort."
, Mrs. Rauof Is a widow and quite well
to do. She owns some, property in this
city. She was formerly an attendant in
the asylum here, but since has been
acting as nurse and companion to in
valid women. Last year she returned
from a trip to Johannesburg, South
Africa.
* ■ ■■;.-";• ' '
MRS. BOTKIN'S
STATEMENT
The Accused Woman Tells
Chief Lees of Her Doings
for the Past Month.
Immediately 'on her arrival at the City
Hall Mrs. Botkin was taken by Detective
Ed L. Gibson to the private office of
Chief of Police Lees. She removed her
coat and the double veil which she had
worn during the trip from Stockton to
the city and sat down to await the com
ing of the Chief, who had gone to lunch
eon. Chief Lees returned soon after, and
in a few moments Mr. Botkin arrived and
joined his wife. Chief Lees read the tele
grams and letters from the Delaware
authorities, which accused her of the
murder of Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane,
and also handed her clippings from the
newspapetv which contained details and
Interviews regarding the crime. Mrs.
Botkin read a few of them and then
looked at the Chief inquiringly. Lees
fully explained the circumstances which
involved her and then asked her for her
statement, which she willingly consented
to give. Stenographer Otto heymman
was called in and the suspected woman
gave a detailed account of her doings
I since July 27 last. She was calm and
I self-contained, and gave her story in ; low,
■ well modulated tones. She dropped all her
dramatic mannerisms and affected ex
pressions, which indicated that she ap
preciated the gravity of her situation.
! She spoke slowly and carefully chose
every word, knowing that what she ut
tered would be investigated, and any
discrepancies or contradictions would
weigh heavily against her betore a jury.
She began her story with a general and
emphatic denial of the charges against
her and a sweeping refutation of all the
interviews which had been published as
coming from herself.
In reply to a question by Chief Lees
Mrs. Botkin declared that she had not
bought any candy at any place for
eighteen months, except a 10-cent bag of
lemon drops, which she purchased in
tins city for a little nephew who lives in
Mendocino County. Lees then asked her
if she did not buy a box of bonbons at
the Wave candy store in Stockton about
three weeks ago. Mrs. Botkin replied
very forcefully that she had not. The
substance of her statement follows:
"On the evening of July 27 last I took
the boat for Stockton and arrived there
the following morning. I was very ill
during the trip on the boat, and on my
arrival at Stockton I called a physician.
"On Saturday evening, August 30, I
started on my return to this city, and
arrived here Sunday morning, August 31.
I went immediately to the Victoria Hotel,
at the corner of California and Hyde
streets. I had not fully recovered from
my illness at Stockton, and I suffered a
relapse on the return trip. I felt so badly
after my return that I again sent for a
doctor and remained in the hotel until
■\Y< dnesday, August 3. That afternoon I
began making preparations for a visit to
my sister. Mrs. McClure, who lives in
Heaklsburg, but who was then at the
Adventist Sanitarium at St. Helena. I
gathered up my clothing and trinkets and
partially packed my trunk. During the
afternoon I visited a friend who lives
on Bush street to say good-by to her.
Prom my friend's house I returned to
the Victoria and remained there that
night and all the next day, up to the time
of my departure for St. Helena. This
was on Thursday, August 4. The train
left about 3 in the afternoon, and I went
directly from my hotel to the ferry. I
did not stop anywhere nor did I post or
cause to be posted a box of candy ad
dressed to Mrs. J. P. Dunning at Dover,
Del. From this city I proceeded, with
out stopover, to St. Helena. My brother-
in-law, N. C. McClure, was waiting for
mi- at the depot, and I rode with him
to the sanitarium, where I remained with
my relative until Sunday, August 7. On
Sunday we drove from St. Helena to my
Bister's home in Healdsburg. a distance
of thirty-five miles*. I passed a week
there, resting and enjoying- the quiet of
country life. Sunday, August 14. I first
read of the death of Mrs. Dunning and
her sister. I was shocked beyond expres
sion at the fiendish act.
"The next day (Monday) a lady reporter
on one of the San Francisco papers call
ed on me and asked for an interview.
I told her everything I knew freely and
frankly, and allowed her to examine and
copy letters T had received, from Mr.
Dunning. I wish to state here that I was
not truthfully reported by the paper the
lady represented. She informed me that
a very strong suspicion existed that I
was the person who sent the poisoned
candy to Mrs. Dunning, and I gave her
every detail of my relation with the
dead woman's husband. My sister and I
discussed the case and she advised me
to fX'i to my husband at Stockton, and
I acquiesced. The reporter before re
ferred to asked permission to accompany
me, and on the urgent request of my sis
ter I consented. We went to Stockton
Wednesday, August 17, and there I re
mained until arrested and brought to this
city."
At the conclusion of her statement Mrs.
Botkin addressed these words directly
to Chief Lees: "Now I am here, and I
have told you all I know about the
case."
The prisoner was then taken to the
City Prison and placed in charge of the
matron. Her name whs not entered upon
the prison- register, but probably will be.
as sho was arrested on a warrant.
Chief Leos sakl he did not cross-exam
ine the suspected poisoner. He only ask
ed her a few questions which were sug
gested in a letter received yesterday
from Attorney General White of Dela
ware.
The Chief is certain of one point,
however, which is that the "English
woman" referred to In the Eastern dis
patches and Mrs. Botkin are one and the
same person. She has all the physical
characteristics of an English woman, and
speaks with a decidedly English accent.
Without knowing her nationality any
one would declare sho was born in the
mother country. The letter received by
Chi* f Lees contains the information that
the bonbons arrived at Dover August
9, not August 10, as has been printed.
Mrs. Botkin was not questioned about
any persons whose names have been
mentioned in connection with the mur
der of Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane.
The suspected poisoner's statement was
transcribed and a copy given to her, so
she could read it and make any correc
tions she wished.
Mrs. Botkin's trunk was delivered at
the Chief's office later in the afternoon,
and it was unlocked and the contents
carefully examined. The police say
they found nothing among her effects
which could be used as incriminating evi
dence against the accused, nor was there
anything in the trunk bearing even in
directly on the tragedy.
HAS A DREAD
OF THE PRESS
Mrs. Botkin Refuses to Be
Interviewed in Her Prison
Cell.
Kodak fiends and a batch of morbid
curiosity seekers were on hand when, at
12:15, the unfortunate woman, accompa
nied by her husband and Detective Gib
son, landed at the ferry depot. They
crowded around the accused, vainly
striving to catch a glimpse of the face
so securely screened from vulgar gaze
behind a double veil. Mrs. Botkin wore
a neat tailor suit with tight fitting
basque, the severe cut of which showed
to disadvantage the lines of her plump
short waisted figure. Jauntily perched
on her head was a white sailor hat — em
blem of everything that is gay and bright
and happy— firmly secured by a heavily
dotted fishnet veil, over which was v. orn
another of black chiffon, through the
meshes of which it was impossible to
catch the faintest glimpse of her dark
eyes, broad low brow, strong large mouth
and white teeth.
With her husband on her risrht and De
tective Gibson on her left. Mrs. Botkin
walked bravely, firmly from the boat to
the 'landing. There was no faltering, no
shrinking from the crowd. With head
erect, shoulders well squared and feet
firmly planted she stood until the car
riage drove up. Then Detective Gibson
chivalrously assisted her to enter, taking
his seat by her side, while Mr. Botkin
boarded the first outgoing street car.
On her arrival at the City Hall, Mrs.
Botkin was immediately ushered into the
presence of Chief Lees, with whom she
was closeted for nearly two hours. Alter
her interview with the Chief she went
to lunch with her husband to a cafe op
posite the City Hall. With a solicitude
no one expects to find in a detective, Gib
son stood watch at the cafe door, with
one eye on the strawberry shortcake in
the show window and the other on his
fair prisoner, who was allowed to enjoy
an interrupted tete-a-tete luncheon with
her husband-.
Mrs. Botkin pave the order— roast beef
and corn, with peaches and cream for
dessert. The shrimps which were brought
as an appetizer Mrs. Botkin tasted not.
She watched her husband as he slowly
picked the little pink things, frequently
moistening his lips with white wine, and
spoke in sharp, quick ejaculations. For
fully ten minutes she waited for the
luncheon, which did not come, and then
at a word from her Mr. Botkin summoned
the negligent waiter. "I want my lunch,"
said the woman who has been called a
modern Lucretia Borgia. "Bring it,
please; please bring it quickly!" she ex
claimed in eager tones, accompanying the
same with an impatient gesture and a
dramatic roll of her dark eyes.
When her lunch finally came she ate
quickly, with seeming enjoyment, during
which time she kept up a running con
versation. Her face, framed in by her
raised veil, looked pale and slightly
drawn, but there was no hunted look in
the eyes that gazed constantly toward her
husband, without one return look. Mr.
Botkin seldom spoke. He never raised
his eyes. After luncheon Mrs. Botkin
adjusted her double veil, while her hus
band settled the accoount. and then tak
ing his proffered arm went back again to
the Chiefs office.
After a short interview with the Chief
Mrs. Botkin was turned over to the cus-'
tody of Matron Casey, and her first words
to her keeper were: "I won't see any
newspaper people. I don't want to be
interviewed. I will see no one, not even
if they come from God"s footstool, except
my relations."
In her dread of the interviewer Mrs.
Botkin appealed to Detective Gibson for
protection. "While they were In the
Chief's office she implored the detective
to save her from press representatives,
who. she declared, were lurking in
every nook and corner, eagerly anxious
to hear anything she might say.
To requests for interviews Mrs. Botkin
returned answer "that never to her dying
day, and not even then, would she ever
make a statement for publication."
With her quarters in the prison Mrs.
Botkin is perfectly pleased. "I am as
easy and cheerful here," she said to the
matron, "as though I were in my own
parlor."
FORGIVEN BY
HER HUSBAND
After a Separation of Two
Years Mr. Botkin Comes to
His Wife's Rescue.
Mr. Botkin. the husband of the accuses
woman, has acted most nobly in endeav
oring to shield his wife, whether she is
guilty of the awful murder or not. Not
withstanding the 'exposure of all her
scandalous actions with Dunning, her
husband, with extraordinary fortitude,
is preparing to defend her name and
save her from conviction, if it lies within
his power. He remained with her while
she made her statement to the Chief of
Police, and accompanied her to the City
Prison, where she was placed in charge
of the matron.
Mr. Botkin lingered but a few mo
ments in the matrons room and then
said good-by to his wife. He left the
prison and went downtown to consult an
attorney.
Mr. Botkin took a long breath when
he passed out of the prison and the iron
door closed behind him with a rattle and
slam. He looked worried and careworn,
and he walked in a dejected and dis
pirited manner. He said to a reporter:
"There will be no more interviews with
my wife. She has been interviewed too
much already. For myself, I have noth
ing to say that has not already appear
ed in the papers. I am still convinced
that my wife is not guilty of murder or
any other crime, and in a short time she
will be free. Regarding our future life,
nothing need be said.
"Regarding Dunning and my wife s
association with him, I have only this
to say. I do not believe there is one iota
of truth in the stories which have ap
peared in the newspapers about them.
Mrs. Botkin was lively and jolly, and she
liked Dunning as a friend only. These
tales about orgies and wildly hilarious
doings at 927 Geary street are all lies.
"The arrest of Mrs. Botkin on suspi
cion only is a hard blow to me and toner.
But she has recovered from her trifrnt
and is now resigned and composed. Her
conscience is clear, and she has no ap
prehension as to the final outcome.
"For generations my family name has
never been tarnished, and this is the first
time, to my knowledge, that a Botkin
has ever been behind prison bars or ac
cused of a crime. „„_
"I intend to remain here until to-mor
row and perhaps longer. This is a busy
season in the grain business, and I am
anxious that my business shall not sur
fer. I have never had any trouble of this
character to contend with, and L have
not formed any plans. I shall try to se
cure the services of George A. Knight or
General W. H. L. Barnes, but both these
attorneys are at Sacramento, and i do
not know when they will return.
"I have decided on one thing, however.
I shall see that my wife has every pro
tection the law can give her, as I know
she is innocent."
Mr. Botkin was born in Ohio, and mov
ed from his native State to Missouri
when he was a young man. He, like
many other venturesome men, has mad©
and lost money, and at present he is not
well fixed financially. He conducts a
branch of a San Francisco grain broker
firm at Stockton. His son assists him.
Some time ago they had an office at
Merced, but were not successful in that
field. Mrs. Botkin is a member of one ol
the most respected families in this Stata
—the Browns of Mendocino County. Sh«
has several sisters, all most estimable
women. She was born in Missouri, an«
the major part of her life was spent is
that State. She married Mr. Botkla
when she was 18 years old. That was
twenty-six years ago. Ten years ago she
came 'with "her family to California, and
she has since resided in this State. She
separated from her husband two years
ago and came to this city. He went to
Stockton and has been there ever since.
DUNNING HAS
SUSPICIONS
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— "My lips have
been sealed by the State authorities of
Delaware, by whom I am instructed not
to make any statement in regard to the
death of my wife and her sister, caused
by eating poisoned candy."
John P. Dunning sat in his room in the
Astor House to-day when he made this
statement.
"Were you surprised at Mrs. Botkin's
arrest?" he was asked.
"No. I wish to say. however, that the
stories that I am endeavoring to shield
any one connected with this case are ab
solutely false. I am aiding and I intend
to aid the authorities of Delaware in
every way to secure evidence and assist
them to discover and punish the guilty
said he had asked the Dela
ware detectives to show him the box 01
poisoned candy his wife had received ana
also the paper in which it was wrapped
and upon which the name and address
were written. They did not have it with
them however, and he did not see it.
"Did you see the threatening anony
mous letters?" he was asked.
"That I do not care to say, as it may
be against the instructions I received.
"Then you will not say whether you re
cognized* the writing of the letters or
"Personally. I see no objection to tell
ing what I know but that I must pre
serve for the trial. •
"I shall be a witness and intend to tell
everything— all I know. I shall shield no
Dunning admitted he had a strong sus.
picion as to the guilty person, and also
that it was on the evidence he gave the
Deleware authorities that a dectective
was sent to San Francisco.
"There are several perons whose
names have been connected with the case
whom I know are innocent," said he.
"Two are Mrs. Corbally, who was a
good friend of my wife and myself, and
Paul Cowles. who worked with me in the
Associated Press office in San Francisco.
Beyond that I do not care to say any
thing, except that it is true that I know
the women whose names have been con
nected with the case, all of whom live in
San Francisco."
Dunning says he will continue to ob
tain all the evidence he can to convict
the person who is guilty of the crime
and that person he is confident he can
name.
ON THE TRACK OF
THE POISONER
WILMINGTON, Del., Aug. 24.— Attorney
General White said to-day when asked
about the progress being made by the
State authorities in the Dover poisoning
case: "We are confident that we are on
the right track. Weeks may elapse be
fore we can complete the case, but I can
assure you that nobody can get away."
The Secretary of State said that no
requisition papers had been sent to San
Francisco, but they were ready when
needed, which would probably not be un
til a hearing had been held In California.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY ta
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use becaue it is pure.
AMUSEMENTS.
3 - DAY SPECIALS !
Each week a list of useful
-V articles greatly reduced in
price.
Eastern Bacon. Ib - ....I3M»o
Fancy sugar-cured
Eastern' bacon.
Regular price 16c.
Claret, gallon 35c, 3 ga15........... $1.00
A good table wine
At a moderate price.
Regular price 50c.
Tomato Catsup, pint bot 15c
"Ideal : Brand"— quality.
Regular price 20c.
Cal. Brandy, bot. 75c, 3 b0t5..52.00
Gallon c>o.UO
\ Nine years old and warranted pure.
Regular price $1 00 and $4 00. .
Mushrooms, large tin... ........20c
The well-known brand
of F. Lecourt, Paris.
SHe^ Wine: - 35^81.00
A hlKh grade native sherry- sure to pleaae.
Regular price 50c and $2 00. to plew -
21 STOCKTON ST., j 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
»• „_ Mnrket Corner Lombard.
I,taS»ffiw. Telephone West 152.
Catalogue free. Particular attention given to
Co^ntry^Orderl' Freight paid 100 miles.
O V •',■ ~*r. /C* • r O
♦ Jifft -^r / ♦
o I AXllAt^ I 7 o
I MAY-BE .1
O .■ , -' '. -' :•■.,>■•; '3O
♦ We didn't advertise Just what you +
O wanted— but If it's furniture we're sure ■ o
+ to have it— so give us a visit— and see
q our prices— then you'll : see .what we ▼
a;: mean when we say "our prices, whether ."
J^ cash or llttle-at-a-time,' are lower than ♦
° those of cash houses." O
$J. NOON AN, J
O Complete House-Furnisher, q
♦ 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., ♦
O Above Sixth. O
J 'Phone, South 14. Open Evening*. ♦
♦ O-»-O-»-O-»-O'^ O ♦ O ♦ O ♦ O -*■ O-4-O-»-O-*-0-*: