VOLUME LXXXIA .-NO. 0.
CAIMANERA'S FORTIFICATIONS
SHELLED BY THE AMERICANS
DESTRUCTION OF THE SPANISH TORPEDO-BOAT DESTROYER TERROR BY THE OREGON.
ONE DEADLY
SHOT FROM
THE OREGON
New Glory Gained in the
Sinking of the
Terror.
ON BOARD HERALD-CALL DISPATCH
BOAT, off Port Antonio, via Kingston,
Jamaica, June 8. — Even more picturesque
and bold than the defiance of the big Con
federate Merrimac by Ericsson's little
monitor was the exploit which resulted in
the sinking of the Spanish torpedo-boat
destroyer, brief particulars of which I sent
to the Herald and the Call yesterday.
Not a sign of the Spanish boat or
the sixty men comprising her crew has
been seen since the 13-inch shell fired
by the battleship Oregon struck her
amidships. Thi.s shot made an Ameri
can victory of an exciting hour's work
and thwarted the first attempt of the
Spanish to send reinforcements to Ad
miral Cervera.
The Terror succeeded In getting with
in a mile of the entrance to Santiago
harbor, but the vigilance of the officers
on the New Orleans frustrated her
bold dash to join Cervera's fleet. lip
to the hour when I left the American
fleet Rear Admiral Sampson had been
unable to determine definitely the iden
tity of the vessel sunk by the Oregon's
1000-pound shell. There is little ques
tion, however, that she was the de
stroyer Terror.
The vessel which the Oregon sunk
was aproaching Santiago harbor from
the eastward"" and her course was one
Bhe would follow in coming from San
Juan to join the Spanish Uwt. An of
ficer of the New Orleans, which was on
guard on Monday night at the eastern
end of the American fleet, detected the
veasel attempting to enter the harbor
of Santiago undor cover of the shadows
from the cliffs. It woi 10:80 o'clock and
**•• mncm. which had been obscured by
The San Francisco Call
| clouds for two hours, again lighted the
i entire coast.
The searchlights of the New Orleans
were directed inland and a small boat
was revealed hugging the shore. She
' pawed nut of view in a few moments,
1 making rapidly in the direction of Mor-
ro Castle. Repeatedly the searchlights
were trained up and down the shore,
but the Bhadow of the cliffs protected
the strange craft from view. Signals
were given the flagship New York,
which, with the Marblehead, lay near
the New Orleans. In a short time the
powerful searchlights of all three ves
sels were sweeping the coast in an ef
fort to locate tho mysterious vessel.
The officers and men were convinced
that the Spanish had made another
attempt to send a torpedo Into the
American vessels.
In and out of the light range the lit
tle vessel passed, and the guns on the
war vessels, trained as best they could
be on a fleeting enemy, began pouring
great quantities of shot toward the
shore.
In a few minutes the Brooklyn and
Oregon joined in the chase. It became
apparent that the enemy's boat In
tended to make' a bold dash for the en-
Continued on Second Pun.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1898.
SANTIAGO
WILL SOON
BE TAKEN.
Decisive Blow to Be Dealt
Wh;en Tan)pa Troops
flrrive.
ON BOARD HERALD - CALL DISPATCH
BOAT OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA (via Kings
ton, Jamaica), June B.— Within twenty-four
hours after the arrival of American troops
the city of Santiago and the fleet of Admiral
Cervera will fall into the hands of the
Americans. This is the view of the Ameri
can fleet now guarding the harbor as I get
it from a prominent official on board the
flagship.
Rear Admiral Sampson has ac
complished all the destruction
possible until the invading army
is ready to attack the city. A
combined attack by land and sea
| will then be made. Meanwhile
the fleet can act only as a sentinel
at the entrance of the harbor.
Even as sentinels it is not likely
the ships of Rear Admiral Samp
son's fleet will have much to do.
By the slanting rays of the after
noon sun the smokestack and
masts of the Merrimac are plainly
visible from the sea. Hobson
and his men did their work so
well that the Merrimac was sunk
at a point where the channel is but
300 feet wide. If there were no
war and no blockade, naval men
assert, it is doubtful if Cervera's
cruisers could be steered past the
Merrimac. The wreck of the col-
Her might be blown up with dy
namite, but that would be no easy
task, even in time of peace, owing
to the great weight of coal in the
wreck.
The dispatch boat Three
Friends found about the entrance
of Santiago harbor a fleet of
United States men-of-war strong
enough to take Barcelona. With
this powerful force at his com
mand Admiral Sampson has been
studying for two weeks the plan
for his final attack. He has test
ed the strength of all the fortifi
cations and can speedily silence
those harbor defenses he did not
destroy in Monday's heavy bom
bardment. When I told the cap
tain of one of the American ves
sels that several thousand troops
from Tampa were about to be
landed in Cuba he shouted back:
"If that is so, Santiago de Cuba
Continued on Second Page.
SPANIARDS
DRIVEN FROM
THEIR WORKS
Splendid Marksmanship Again
Displayed by the Gunners
of Our Vessels.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti, June 8. — Five American warships
at half-past 5 o'clock yesterday morning began to shell the forti
fications at Caimanera, on the bay of Guantanamo, which cuts into
the southern coast of Santiago de Cuba east of the city of San
tiago.
Many Spaniards are reported to have been killed. The
Americans' fire was most effective, driving the Spanish gunners
in consternation from the defense of their works and then from
the town of Caimanera, in which they took refuge. The inhabi
tants of this place joined in the rout.
The vessels which took part in the bombardment were the cruiser Marblehead, the auxiliary
cruisers St. Louis and Yankee and the two gunboats. The latter, however, paid little attention to
the Spanish forts, directing their efforts to cutting the cables which run out of Caimanera. Three
cables were cut under the protection of the larger vessels of the fleet. One of the cables severed was
that connecting Caimanera with the city of Santiago de Cuba.
The American fleet appeared of! the entrance to the Bay of Guantanamo just as the rising
sun began to redden the horizon. With the Marblehead in the lead, the little squadron sailed into
the bay and proceeded toward the cable house under the guns of the Spanish fortifications.
While the Marblehead, St. Louis and Yankee formed in battle order before the forts and
opened fire, the little gunboats darted out from the line and began to grapple for the cable.
The fire from the cruisers was rapid and well directed, and was replied to with vigor by the
Spanish. All the men on board the warships worked with enthusiasm, the New York naval re
serves on board the Yankee earning their share of the laurels at the guns. •
The bombardment was continued until the gunboats cutting the cables had concluded
their labors. This was at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. The fleet then sailed out of the bay and
took up a position about three miles from shore.
A cablegram from Caimanera received here to-day stated that the fleet was still cruising
before the entrance to the bay.
The shells from the warships early began to tell on the fortifications, the fire of which be
came weaker and weaker. One battery after another was silenced, until finally not a shaft of fire
or a balloon of smoke issued from the face of- the forts to tell of resistance. As the walls of the
fortifications began to tumble upon them, the Spanish gunners deserted their positions of duty and
ran to the town, which was in a state of high excitement.
With the silencing of the forts a still greater panic fell upon the residents of Caimanera,
who feared the Americans would complete their work by destroying the town, and there was a
general movement to places of safety.
Many shells from the American guns exploded in close proximity to the houses on the
outskirts of Caimanera.
A report reached here that several houses were struck by the projectiles, but I could not
confirm it. So far as I have been able to learn no damage was done the fleet.
It is believed in Caimanera that the forts were bombarded with a view to opening the way
to the landing of American troops near that point. With the withdrawal from the bay of the
American ships, those who had fled from the town ventured to return and the excitement was
succeeded by calmness.
The Spaniards there are apparently determined to offer a desperate resistance to the Amer
ican"; in any attempt to land troops and will make the best fight possible under these circum
stances. They are resolved at any cost to prevent the town and forts of Caimanera from falling
into the hands of the enemy. The military commander has issued an order to burn the town, if
necessary, to prevent the Americans from profiting by its occupation. Similar measures, it is un
derstood, are being taken at Santiago.
After the cessation of the firing from the forts, the fleet concentrated its fire upon the block
house at which the cables of the French Cable and Telegraph Company land, and speedily demol
ished them.
The cables which connect the blockhouse with Caimanera were cut. On account of the
cutting of the cable to Santiago telegraphic communication with that place is suspended. The
American naval dispatch boat Dolphin entered the harbor of Mole St. Nicholas, Hayti, to-day, and
fired a salute of fifteen guns.
SPANISH LOSS AT
SANTIAGO PROBABLY
UNDERESTIMATED
Many Soldiers and Marines Slain and
Tremendous Damage Inflicted
by Projectiles From Samp
son's Ships.
ON BOARD HERALD-CALL DIS
PATCH BOAT, OFF SANTIAGO DE
CUBA, June 7. via Kingston Jamaica,
June B.— There is scarcely any doubt
that much greater damage than was at
first supposed was inflicted upon the
Spaniards in Santiago harbor during
the bombardment on Monday morning.
Many shells are believed to have fallen
into the city Itself, and when the facts
are known after the port has fallen into
Admiral Sampson's hands, it will prob
ably be found the loss of life was very
great.
Even with the meager facts now at
hand, It can be stated that this is the
result of the bombardment.*
CAMARA'S SHIPS
STILL AT CADIZ.
GIBRALTAR. June B.—Admir
al Camara's fleet is still at Ca
diz, maneuvering. Reports vary
— sc.-me saying the fleet will sail
in a week, and others that it will
not start until the end of the
month. All agree that its des
tination is Cuba. The trans-At
lantic steamer Ciudad de Cadiz
has sailed west without a con
voy.
The formidable Estrella and Cayo
Smith batteries were completely
wrecked.
The Spanish cruiser Reina Mercedes
was sunk.
United States forces were landed at
Daiquiri, a short distance east of
Aguadores, where they are now en
trenched. These forces have formed a
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
junction "with the insurgents under
General Garcia,
Several Spanish military and naval
officers were killed and wounded. The
Spanish lohb of soldiers and marines
was heavy.
The city is now at the mercy of Ad
miral Sampson. The batteries at the
entrance to the harbor are on a crest
•180 feet above the water This high ele
vation made them difficult to hit, but
the entire hill was ploughed up by the
heavy shells. In many cases shells are
known to have passed over t'..e hill and
undoubtedly they struck the city it
self, as well as the shipping in the har
bor.
Thirty-four shots were fired from the
lowa's 12-inch guns, and thirty-eight
shots from her 8-lnch gun. There were
few shots from her secondary battery.
The other vessels engaged in the bom
bardment fired a proportionate number
of shots, and, as every one was well
aimed, the damage done must have
been tremendous2
DETERMINE
TO HOLD THE
PHILIPPINES
President and Cabinet Alive
to the Exigencies of
the Situation.
Colonel J. F. Evans of San Fran
cisco to Be Collector of Cus
toms at Manila.
WASHINGTON, June B.— That the
administration has not yet decided to
embark upon the new and untried ex
periment of colonial acquisition is cer
tain, but it is equally true that the
President and his Cabinet, after dis
cussing the disposition of the Philip
pines, are of the opinion that the exi
"gencies of the situation will compel us
to hold them permanently.
It is certain that the Philippines will
never revert to Spain. It is believed
that popular sentiment in this country
would not countenance such a thing.
The European powers are likely to be
come involved in a quarrel over the
Philippines, and It is expected that the
natural conclusion of this contention
will be our permanent tenure of the isl
ands.
The President lias decided to appoint
a collector of customs at Manila, and
The Call correspondent learned to-day
from a high source that Colonel J. F.
Evans of San Francisco will be the
man. Indeed, he has already been ten
dertd the appointment. Colonel Evans,
the veteran treasury expert, by reason
of frequent visits to Washington, cov
ering a long period of years, has im
pressed the treasury official* with his
ability In this line. He has often had
occasion to appear before the treasury
in oases affecting customs duties, and
little by little those officials ivho have
for years been connected with the cus
toms branch of the department have
Come to regard him as a thoroughly
Informed and capable man. He did
not s^t-k the position of customs col
lector at Manila; indeed, he was great
ly surprised when Secretary Gage
summoned him to the department to
day. The two were together for a
considerable time, and the situation in
the Philippines with regard to the levy
and collection of customs duties was
fully discussed.
Colonel Evans has not yet signified
that he will accept the post. In order
for him to do so it will be necessary for
AN EXPEDTIION
THAT FAILED
Ammunition for Cubans
Not Landed.
TOO GREAT A RISK INVOLVED
A SPANISH GUNBOAT LYING IN
THE WAY.
Important Information, However, Is
Obtained by an American
Officer From General
Gomez.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, June 4.— The steamer
Gussie returned to Key West this
afternoon from the north coast of Cuba, |
where she went several days ago for j
the purpose of landing 150 tuns of am
munition for the insurgent army. None {
cif the ammunition was landed, but the
expedition was not entirely a failure,
as it resulted in the gathering of some
important information from General
Gomez by Lieutenant Victor Blue of
the Suwanee, which, with the gunboat
Newport, acted as convoy for the Gus-
Ble. It would not do for me to say
where the landing was made by Lieu
tenant Blue, as it might defeat future
operations.
Nothing was seen of any Spaniards
on shore near where the landing was
made, but a Spanish gunboat was ob
served lying in a river leading from the
Pt_-a. The landing was effected on
Wednesday last. Lieutenant Blue go
ing ashore in a small boat with a crew
from the Suwanee. About a hundred
Insurgents were waiting on the spot
where the landing was made to receive
the ammunition which was expected
from the Gussie, but after Lieutenant
Blue looked the ground over he deemed
it inadvisable to risk s-nding the am
munition ashore in small boats at that
time.
The place was several miles inland *o
start with, and as the water outside
was too shallow for warships to get
close to shore, in addition to which
k>-ys interfered, the reaj purpose of the
expedition was abandoned. Lieuten
ant Blue, however, does not consider
the expedition an absolute failure, be
cause he gained much valuable infor
mation.
The Newport returned to Key West
with the Gussie. Both the Newport
and Suwanee had been cruising with
the fleet for ten days previous, and left
it to convoy the Gussie just as it was
about to start for Santiago. r
FRANCE AND RUSSIA
EXCHANGING VIEWS
Would Subject American Conquests
in China bea^ to the Sanction of
a European C ingress.
• LONDON, June B.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Standard says: -
The French and Russian Govern
ments are exchanging views as to the
expediency of subjecting such con
quests as the United States may make
and hold good in China , seas >to .: Eu
ropean sanction at a conference or con
gress. ' ' '- '■-../',
Advance* made on furniture and pianos,' with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1028 Million.
him to be appointed an officer of the
volunteer army. Under international
law Congress cannot create the office
of collector at Manila until a treaty of
peace is concluded betwe-n Spain and
the United States. But the President,
as commander of the army, can appoint
him an officer and Invest him with
power to levy and collect customs du
ties under the military government soon
to be established in the Philippines by
General Merritt. This will probably be
done and Colonel Evans will draw the
salary of a colonel or a major.
It is understood that it is the present
intention of the administration to con
tinue the rates of duty now in vogue
in the islands, but certain internal du
ties that are now regarded as oppres
sive by the people there will be abol
ished. Spain taxes everything tangible
and some things that ara not. Taxes
are levied and collected on oc.upations,
sales ano" possession of property, on
manufactures, and on certain kinds of
amusements, including cock-fighting.
All of these internal taxes will be abol
ished. Neither will there be internal
taxes on liquors oj tobacco, as in this
country. Spirituals, malt or vinous
liquors are not manufactured to any
extent. Tobacco raising and manufact
ure is one of the principal industries,
but the present intention is not to levy
a tax on the manufacture of tobacco,
but to derive all revenues from impor
tations and exportations. The former
amount to about $27,000,000 and the lat
ter about $33,000,000, according to treas
ury figures.
The levy and collection of an export
tax would indeed present an anomalous
situation, for the <.onstitution of the
United States expressly prohibits such
a tax, but under a military form of
government, such as will be instituted
and enforced in the Philippines, no re
gard need be paid to the constitution,
for the islands wil. not virtually be part
or parcel of the United States and they
will be exempt from the operation of
our constitution and laws and subject
only to thf> will of the President, who,
being supported by the American arms,
will be an absolute dictator.
DRIFTING INTO
HOPELESS RUIN
Extraordinary Situation
in Spain.
APATHY EXISTS EVERYWHERE
NO PUBLIC ENTHUSIASM BUT
MUCH VANITY.
Sort of Fatalism About the Attitude
of the People— All Want Peace, «
but No One Dares to Sug
gest It.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, June B.— ln Madrid, or,
rather, Spain, the situation is extraor-
S dinary. Not a soul can do more than
! guess vaguely about what is going to
! happen. The Spaniards would wel
i come any peace that left them their
I colonies, but they are people who do
■ not reason, and therefore it is impos-
I sible to get from them any idea as to
■ how such a result could be possible.
More than one statesman declares that
I the country is going headlong to ruin.
Its financial condition daily gets worse
and the Government is divided upon
the point of how to raise money. All
means suggested are unpopular. Each
one mentioned is stated as likely to
cause a revolution.
At the same time there is a sort of
fatalism about the attitude of the peo
ple. They seem to care but little
whether victory or defeat comes. There
is absolutely no public enthusiasm, but
there is much vanity. Every one wants
peace but none has the courage to pro
pose it. The papers are at last realiz
ing the truth of the particulars given
in a recent issue of the Herald in which
the perilous state of Spain's internal af
fairs was pointed out, and suggestions
made about a possible peace. So far,
however, the only one that has dared
speak outright is, solidest of them all,
the Epaca. In fact, the situation is
undecipherable. Everybody is play
ing for time, and is purely an oppor
tunist.
TWENTY-SEVEN
THOUSAND MEN ON
THE TROOPSHIPS
Shafter's Invading- Army Convoyed
by the Battle-Ship Indiana and
the Gunboat Helena.
LONDON, June 9.— The Washington
correspondent of the Daily Chronicle,
with the approval of General Greely,
cables the following:
"The army sailed from Tampa at
noon to-day (Wednesday). The force
numbers 27,000 men, composed of in
fantry, cavalry, artillery, engineers and
signal corps.
"General Shafter is in chief com
mand of the force, which is convoyed
by the battle-ship Indiana and the gun
goat Helena, while the training-ship
Bancroft is General Shafter's floating
home.
"The transports are due at Santiago
Friday night or Saturday morning, and
the landing will be attempted on Sun
day. This should be effected without
difficulty, and no doubt by Sunday at
the latest the stars and striDeß will
float over Santiago de Cuba.''
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1898.
MAP OF THE COUNTRY ABOUT GUANTANAMO BAY.
This Shows the City of Santa Catalina and Its Port, Caimanera, Which Was Bombarded
arjd Destroyed Yesterday by the American Fleet.
SANTIAGO WILL .
NOW BE TAKEN
Continued from First Page.
will be United States property
within a week."
Those aboard the American
warships have not yet ceased
talking about the visit of Admiral
Cervera's chief of staff to Samp
son. Why he came is already
known — to assure the com
mander that Ilobson and his men
were safe and properly cared for.
Several officers on board the flag
ship insist that this was a won
derfully diplomatic move on Cer
vera's part, as he was put into
good light before making that
surrender of his fleet which is re
garded as inevitable. These offi
cers believe Cervera realizes his
surrender is a question of only a
short time, cut off from escape as
he is and beleaguered in a port
where provisions are becoming
scarcer every day.
The belief is growing among
officers of the fleet that the war
will soon end. With the fall of
Santiago and the capture and de
struction of Cervera's fleet they
expect Spain will sue for peace.
"There will not be much more
slaughter in this war." is the way
one of the officers put the matter
to me. "It is practically settled
now. If Cervera's object was to
find the strength of the American
fleet his curiosity certainly must
have been satisfied."
When Admiral Cervera's rep
resentative finished his interview
with Admiral Sampson the sig
nal was given to all the ships to
concentrate near the flagship.
This order was promptly obeyed
and the Spanish officer saw file
before him the splendid ships of
his enemy, a demonstration
which seemed to be not without
effect upon the visitor.
While Cervera's chief of staff
was aboard the New York a dele
gation of Cubans was there ar
ranging for co-operation with the
American fleet. Their presence
was kept secret from the Span
iards, the delegation remaining
in hiding until after the Spaniards
had departed.
CRUISER VIZCAYA
STRUCK BY A SHELL
FROM THE BROOKLYN
NEW YORK, June B.— A dispatch
from Cape Haytlen says: Colonel
Thenzo, a noted Austrian artUlerist,
who was with Ordonez at Santiago, was
so badly wounded that he has since
died.
A dispatch from Key West says: The
Cubans have information that Cervera
has been ordered to dismantle and, if
necessary, to destroy his smaller ships.
The guns from these will be placed on
new fortifications on the land side of
Santiago and manned by ship gunners.
A dispatch from Kingston, Jamaica,
says: During the bombardment at
Santiago a shell from the Brooklyn,
thrown at long range into the inner
harbor, burst under the port quarter of
the Vizcaya, dismounted one of her
guns, damaged her rudder and injured
several seamen. Another shell burst
over the torpedo-boat Furor, tearing
her forward deck open and badly dam
aging her turtle-back.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti, June B.—
The United States dispatch boat Dol
phin arrived at Mole St. Nicholas this
morning and fired a salute of seventeen
guns.
SPANIARDS BEATEN
BY THE AMERICAN
LANDING FORCE
Assisted by a Body of Insurgents Our
Marines Drive Back the De
fenders of Santiago.
Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gordon Bennett.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, June B.—
Confirmation of the reported landing of
American forces near Daiquiri, east of
Aguadores, Cuba, wap received here to
day. The Spanish milftary forces at
tempted to prevent the landing, but
they were driven back by the American
troops, aided by a body of Cuban in
surgents. Details of this engagement
are lacking, but the fact that the troops
landed shows the Spaniards were driven
back.
It is known a junction was formed
between the American forces and the
insurgents under General Garcia just
before midnight on Monday and that
the combined forces are entrenched at
Aguadores landing, a few miles east of
Santiago de Cuba.
Our Gunboats Shell Spanish Cavalry.
NEW YORK, June B.— A Key West
dispatch says: Two auxiliary gunboats
shelled a squad of Spanish cavalry at
Cardenas on Monday. Twenty-five
Spaniards were killed and many in
jured, but not an American was hurt.
The Spaniards now run at the sight of
an American boat.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FORIf.IIc¥AELJAWSONTNDirL
YUKON RIVER POINTS!
lUivuii nivtn runiiui
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY'S
NEW STEEL STEAMSHIP "ST. PAUL" vrlL s#flb^ E AwA,. t .
SATURDAY, JUNE 11, AT 2 O'CLOCK P. M.
«
Passengers by the St. Paul for up-river points will be transferred to our
. river boats now waiting: at St. Michael. ■ > For rates and particulars apply to '
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.,
--. •■■■ • oio SfINSOME STREET, ■
' '*■ '*'■■* ■' " ; ■'■ * ' ■"..■'".- : "• ' "■'' Jf ' ' ' "" SAN FRANCISCO, CAT *
ONE DEADLY SHOT
UIIL ULMULI Oilu I
" FROM THE OREGON
Continued from First Pa#e.
trance of the harbor, then a little more
than a mile distant. Owing to the dif
ficulty o<f keeping the searchlights on
the enemy, the signal burning above
the flagship ordered the flanking ves
sels to close in, firing as they steamed,
while the New York herself raced in
shore at full speed to head off the lit
tle craft.
Escape for the Spaniard clearly was
Impossible, but the destroyer only
hugged the dark shore closer and
steamed faster. She had gone un
scathed through nearly an hour's hail
of shot and shell from five American
vessels and "was now within a mile of
the entrance to the harbor.
There had been no miscalculations
aboard the New York, and the flagship
lay full across the destroyer's path,
when the Oregon got into the fight at
close range. Only 200 yards separated
the Spaniard and New York when the
men on the Oregon, after repeated ef
forts, got the range and used her big
guns.
A thousand-pound shell struck the
stranger full on deck amidships and
ended the chase as suddenly as it had
been begun. The broad beam of the
searchlights disclosed only black water
under lowering hills. No sign of the
enemy the five vessels had been pursu
ing for nearly an hour could be seen.
Presently the iron-clads, the midnight
tragedy being finished, moved back
through the brilliant moonlight to their
old positions.
REBELS WRECK A
PASSENGER TRAIN
WITH DYNAMITE
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, June B.— The rebels placed j
a dynamite bomb on the Pinar del Rio
railroad near Alquizar yesterday. As
a passenger train passed the bomb ex- I
ploded, upsetting the cars carrying ]
volunteers as an escort and a party of
first-class passengers. The rebels fired
on the train, but were repulsed by the
escort and two killed. Two passengers
and two volunteers also were killed and
eight volunteers wounded.
ALGER STRIKES
AT SAN PEDRO.
Will Again Refer the Harbor
Project to tf)e Department
of Justice.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June B.— The San Pedro harbor project Is
again held up by the Secretary of War.
Congressman Barlow of California was told by Secretary Alger to
day that there were "certain legal problems" that had to be settled
before he would allow the work to proceed. He said that the matter
had been again referred to the Department of Justice.
This announcement created great surprise in the California delega
tion, for the question of law was decided by Attorney-General Mc-
Kenna, and based on his opinion bids for the work were advertised for.
ANNEXATION
MUST WAIT
Its Opponents Score a
Victory.
SETBACK FOR GROSVENOR
HIS BESOLTJTION TO BE KEPT IN
ITS PLACE.
Failure of an Attempt to Give It
Precedence Over All Other
Business in the
House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 8.
The House to-day disposed of the
Senate amendments to the sundry civil
bill and agreed to further conference.
The conference report upon the Post
office appropriation bill was adopted
without debate and the House proceed
ed to consider the bill to provide foT
participation of volunteer soldiers in
Congressional elections. Adjournment
was taken pending disposal and it will
come up to-morro\v.
The session began and ended with
Hawaiian incidents, Mr. Grosvenor
(Rep.) of Ohio, a leader of the annexa
tionists, figuring in each instance.
These grew out of the anxiety of those
who want early consideration lest the
opposition win a victory and effect un
due delay, if not the defeat c-f the reso
lution at this session.
Mr. Grosvenor gained recognition j
and asked unanimous consent to read
and have referred to the Committee on
I Rules a resolution providing for giv
ing the Hawaiian resolution precedence
i over all other business except confer
ence reports until disposed of.
"I will say to the gentleman," quick
ly interjected Mr. Henderson (R.) of j
lowa, a member of the Committee on :
i Rules, "that it is entirely unnecessary
i to read or present to the House his res
, olution. He has only to deposit it with (
I the clerk and it will be referred appro
j priately."
"I understand," replied Mr. Grosven- |
! or, "but I want it made plain that the i
I resolution has been introduced and
sent to the committee."
"I object," cried Mr. Johnson (R.) of j
Indiana.
Mr. Smith (R.) erf Michigan renewed |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
safeTnport.
The pilot boat T. S. Negus, the first of the Eastern sailing vessels to
arrive in San Francisco bound for Alaska, has just returned from Cooks
Inlet, where she landed her twenty-five passengers safe and well. Parties
desiring to charter or secure passage on her on return trip to Copper River
and Cooks Inlet will please call on Captain Erratt, at Smith's Cash Store,
27 Market street, San Francisco.
N. B.— This staunch little vessel will be sold at a low figure as the owners
will remain in Alaska for three years.
LADIES' KID SHOES 75c
These are various styles, some modern,
some out of fashion, all worth double
and Borne more, sizes 2 to 7. See them,
try them.
MEN'S LOW SHOES 75c
These are from snme lot, sizes 5, 5V4.
6, 6Vi, 7, 74, S, S's, sold regularly at i
$2 50, do nicely for women's wear In the
garden; 65c for small sizes.
GIRLS' CAMP SHOES. . . .50c, tec, 75c
These are closing lots, m 2.m 2 . 1. IH, vari-
ous Btyles, worth Jl 25 to Jl 75, in broken
lots to close; quality, style and wear Is
CAMP K SUITS $1.58
These are S3 to 37. for big boys or
small men, good value at U; from last
year's stock, cummer suits, above sizes,
75c up; note size carefully.
CAMP SATCHELS 25c up
We can fit you out with hand bags or
telescopes from the cheapest to the best,
from 14c to $14; ilo not go elsewhere and
pay three times the price.
Handsome Plaid Blankets . . . Pair 75c
For a few days only, good size, fine
quality: Just the thing for children's
beds or to take camping; save 100 per
cent while you can.
CAMPING OUTFITS SSSrJSSgfjLBt
P We deliver goods anywhere in town promptly.
We deliver same day in towns across the bay.
.« we pack safely and guarantee safe carriage.
■■iiiiiii ißsßttii We make a S reat Point of keeping best goods.
.wjttgk _^AbBRSH J ~^' e 'ant to please buyers of all lines.
' V VMH^jtewsS^^^^^/ We c--3ct you to buy for your wants, not more.
\^B««ffi|igJsSly>/ We understand packing for Alaska or foreign trade.
All car lines bring you here for a single fare.
S>s^27 MARKET STREET, S.F.
ARCHITECT J. E. WOLFE,
81 FLOOD BUILDING, pledges results en- ;
tirely satisfactory to every fair-minded owner ;
as tv cost quality and otherwise in the erection |
of BRICK or FRAME buildings of every char-
ftCter. SPECIALTIES IN FLATS, containing ,
all modern comforts and niceties, to insure t
quick renting and retain good tenants.
his demand for the regular order and
the resolution was forced through the
regular channel.
Mr. Loud (R.) of California present
ed the conference report upon the Post
office appropriation, which was adopt
ed without debate.
Smith (R.) of Mi :higan then called
for the Lacey bill to enaule volunteers
to vote at Congressional ele -tions dur
ing the war the bill having been made
the special order for to-day. King (D.)
of Utah moved to adjo-. n, but the mo
tion was defeated. Fowers (R.) of Ver
mont contended for the bill's constitu
tionality. Adjournment was taken at
the conclusion of Powers' speech and
the close of the session, like the open
ing, was marked by a Hawaiia.. inci
dent in which Crosvenor likewise
figured.
Smiui moved to adjourn pending the
disposal of the bill, and Grosvenor was
instantly upon his feet, protesting that
he had a parliamentr— ■ inquiry. It was
to find the effect of adjournment that
Grosvenor aro?e. * wrangle ensued
pending the vote to adjourn, during
which Grosvenor, in resp^ .se to some
near-by member -who had suggested
adjournment would be equivalent to
continuing the order mak.ng the elec
tion bill i rivileged to-morrow, said
angrily:
"Yes, I know It is a continuing order,
and it is a continuing order to obstruct
the passage cf the Hawaiian resolu
tions."
There was ; ripple of applause at
this from members favoring annexa
tion. Above the noise of applause and
comment Lacey (R.) of lowa was heard
j to declare that "the gen-tleman should
j be ashamed to make such an accusa
! tion," addressing with much vigor
i Grosvenor.
After the commotion was quieted in a
measure Grosvenor put his query to the
Speaker, who said the effect cf adjourn
ment would leave the election bill the
privileged business to be called up to
morrow immediately after convening,
but he added, replying to a further
query, that the question of considera
tion coul \ be raised and the House to
momw could -"ote to displace the bill.
The vote proceeded, resulting in favor
of adjournment, but a roll call was
ordered, resulting aj s 91. noes 80.
CENSUS BILL PASSED.
Adopted by the Senate After a Debate
of Three Days.
WASHINGTON, June B.— A bill pro-y
viding for the taking of the twelfth'
census was passed by the Senate to
day after a debate which occupied the
greater part df three days. Several
weeks ago a census bill was presented
by the committee having the matter in
charge, but the measure was so unsat
isfactory that it was recommitted to
the committee. The bill passed to-day
was introduced in lieu of that which
was recommitted, and, as slightly
amended, received the unanimous sup
port of the Senate. Under it, if it
i should become a law, a director of the
census, an assistant director and five
expert statisticians will be appointed im
mediately to make the preliminary ar
i rangement for the taking of the census
I of 1900.
CREAM FREEZERS $1.88
These are family size, 2 quarts, but -
8 quarts are only $2 10. and 4 quarts
$2 50. Celebrated White Mountain freezer
and a 50-lb bag of ice cream salt free , ;
with each one. f
LADIES' WAISTS ....50c
This is the grade sold at a dollar else-
where. We take special pains with shirt
waists to get the best and the nicest fit-
' ting that are made; a few sun stained ■
from the window at .% pice: in the bet-
ter grades. 75c, R ■ $125, •$1 50; perfect
fitting.
GIRLS' SUNDAY-SCHOOL DRESSES 75c
" Not the cheap thrown together ones
but good material and nicely made and
trimmed, less than ' cost of goods i at ..
credit stores; ages 4 to 14 years, come
or send; light or medium.
WALL PAPER, per piece ...3c
This is from our new 1893 importations;
several elegant patterns; single pieces.
3 yards long or double rolls. 6c; we have
tv?l Kb J assortment of wall papers In
town^ abSuTS Price of credit stores;
ask for samples.
FLOOR MATT1NG....... .....5c
,™nedTln b g^er^chea^ Cr
cowing known; 40 yards, $1 75.
SLEDS, BOATS 4 ETC. j
ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dogs, Toukon boats,
pilot traps to the Klondike, Alaak.ii outfits.
steam launches and stern-wheel steatnem, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; i) 0 boata can b»
seen at salesroom. O. W. KNEAJSS. ,"1S TUad
»t. 'Phone Red 2361.The Insurgents Coming From Cavite In Boats Divided Into Two Parties on Landing, One Making a Furious Attack on the Spanish Magazine, Which Was Strongly Garrisoned, While the
Other Drove the Spanish Troops Opposed to Them Toward Bacor. The Insurgents From Imus, South of Bacor, Were Attacking in the Rear at the Same Time.
DEFENDERS OF
MANILA READY
TO SURRENDER
Prefer American Mercy to the
Danger of Massacre by the
Rebels.
MADRID, June B.— lt Is rumored the Spanish garrison at Manila,
rather than be massacred by the insurgents, prefers to yield to the
Americans as prisoners of war.
On account of the serious news from the Philippines, the leaders
of the minority parties in the Chamber of Deputies met Senor Sagras
ta to-day to consider the situation. The Premier strove to convince
them of the gravity of existing circumstances, urging that they
ought immediately to adopt the budget and to declare that the Cham
ber would sit in permanence. Senor Mella, Carlist, asserted the Gov
ernment had abandoned its pledges and he blamed it for a "system
of silence," declaring:
"The nation which would suffer a Sedan in silence could not deserve
to figure in history."
Senor Sagasta replied: "The .Government is not responsible for re
sults in the Philippines nor the course Admiral Cervera has taken.
The Government must execute its plans and must not reveal them,
which would be unpatriotic."
General Correa, Minister of War, declared Captain General Augusti
would defend himself to the last. Senor Silvela sr.id:
"The moment has arrived to take supreme resolution."
General Domlngues believed the intervention of the powers was
imminent, "because the fate of the Philippines interests all Europe."
O
NEW YORK, June B.— A copyrighted
dispatch to the World from Hongkong
says: A report has reached here that
Manila has fallen. It is said to be now
occupied by the Philippine insurgents,
commanded by Aguinaldo. The rebel
Junta and wealthy Philippine Islanders
resident here are jubilant over the news
and the United States Consulate has
been crowded all day.
The American consul, Mr. Wildman,
has been the recipient of hundreds uf
congratulations from the Junta, giving
him almost as much credit for the re
ported capture of Manila as they gave
to Aguinaldo himself, since Mr. Wild
man has been their unswerving cham
pion and has advised them In all their
pla.ns.
Consul Wildman does not credit the
report that Manila has actually been
occupied, but he believes that it will
be by or before next Saturday.
The Spaniards have been fighting
desperately, but their marksmanship is
poor and they have lost heavily.
MADRID, June B.— The following
communication from Captain-General
Augusti, dated at Manila, June 3, has
been published:
'The situation is very grave. Agui
naldo has succeeded in stirring up the
country and the telegraph lines and
railways are being cut. lam without
communication with the provinces. The
province of Cavite has completely re
belled and the towns and villages are
occupied by numerous bands. A Span
ish column defends the Zapote line to
prevent the enemy from invading the
province of Manila, but the foe has en
tered through Buluean, Laglna and Mi
ron, so that Manila will thua be at
tacked by land and sea.
NERVOUS
Troubles are little understood, except i ~
rjrs by those who have made a life's study . \* . j
-__! of them. Hacking cough, night sweats. __
C~3 tremblings, weakness, incapability and , ,
■ prematurity, all show a run-down nerv- ■■. ,
=> ous system. ; This condition is brought _____
CO: on by excess. The body has been taxed c-r,"
—— ■ too heavily. Nature. now rebels. .If ■ *• •-'
Z~~Z you use your : powers with , sense, na- _-_-_.
1 / " ture is always strong enough to ena- .— . - .
• n ■> • ble you to do nil you should accomplish. C~D
CLD' Having abused your gifts: you suffer. . £CDi>'i P&f-
_!-Z. But there is : no reason that you should .-. -..-.■.. ■ . ■ .
■ •■-■■ continue to do so. . "Hudyan" makes • C.- - J
up for the big drains on the system. It > , — —
CLD ' does it because it is nature's own rem- . —^
t — - edy for the debility which is shown by ( t_3 .. .
■■ i ' overstrained nerves. It brings pleas- . ; C~Z ■ ,:,
Ml§&-:" . - ure to those are full of . gloom. It % J^TT"" -
i r-i -> has done that for 20,000 people, and it : Z__:
V 7T can be had by all those who wish to get . c^£ . ■ .
] r " :;lt. V Ask about it. All advice; all cir- _______
'_v... iiiimii culars free. It cures ' -* '«»■■ ■— — -
i , __ tagBBBBBi ™C If
DEBILITY.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STREETS, San Francisco.
THE BATTLE OF BACOR, NEAR CAVITE, ON THE 28TH OF MAY.
O
"I am striving to raise the courage
of the inhabitants and will exhaust
every means of resistance, but I dis
trust the natives and* the volunteers be
cause there have already been many
desertions. Racor and Imus have al
ready bpp-n seized by the enemy.
"The insurrection has reached great
proportions, and if I cannot count upon
the support of the country the forces
at my disposal will not suffice to hold
the ground against the enemy."
General Correa, Minister of War, and
Captain Aunon, Minister of Marine,
have gone to the palace to confer with
the Queen Repent as to General
Augusti's communication. It is report
ed that the Spaniards at Manila have
already been compelled to take refuge
in the fortified part of the town.
LONDON, June B.— The Madrid cor
r< spendent of the Standard says: El
Liberal calls upon the Government to
take f teps promptly to satisfy public
opinion, which is clamoring for the im
mediate dispatch of a relief expedition
to assist Captain-General Augusti in
forcing the Americans to leave Manila.
This alone, the paper argues, would
put a stop to the spread of agitation
and disaffection among the natives of
the island of Lijzon. The nation, says
El Liberal, has remained patient only
because it was believed that the Gov
ernment would readily arrange such an
expedition.
El Imparelal advocates a similar
course.insistlng that the fate of Span
ish rule in the Philippines could in this
way be easily decided at Manila.
El Heraldo is even more energetic in
its calls on the Cabinet to act before It
is too late.
The press campaign is evidently
tended to exercise pressure upon
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1898.
Government before the reserve fleet at
Cadiz receives final Instructions, which
are hourly expected by Admiral Ca
mara.
Reports from the Philippines state
that the Spaniards, thanks to the
promises of reforms and the energy of
the local authorities, have succeeded in
checking the propaganda of Aguinaldo.
who admits that he has not met with
the support which he expected from
the natives.
The Americans have been preparing
defenses at the mouth of the bay ever
since thp Spanish authorities set the
rumor alloat among the natives that a
relief expedition was on the way and
was expected very shortly.
The religious orders and the paro
chial clergy are rendering powerful as
sistance to Captain General Augusti,
with the object of supporting the ef
forts of the orders in Madrid to deter
the Government from granting reforms
likely to trench upon their privileges
and the" influences they exert in the ar
chipelago.
Senor Sagasta is maneuvering very
dexterously and refraining from giving
any pledges either to the friars or the
reformers, on the plea that in the pres
ent circumstances any definite solution
must be postponed until the end of the
w,i r.
NEW YORK, June B.— A dispatch
from Madrid says: Captain General
Augusti of the Philippines has request
ed plenary powers in dealing with the
situation there, and the request has
been granted.
RUM'S ENEMIES
IN CONVENTION
Prohibitionists Meet at
Fresno.
WILL NOMINATE A TICKET
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, June B.— The State con
vention of the Prohibitionist party met
here to-day. The convention was held
in Armory Hall, which had been appro
priately decorated for the occasion.
Cold-water tnnks wore much in evi
dence among the banks of flowers.
The convention was called to order
at 10 o'clock this morning. Theodore
D. Kanouse of Edendale was elected
presiding officer and Dr. Stephen Bow
ers of Los Angeles, who is editor of the
California Voice, secretary. ■ The con
vention was opened with a prayer by
W. O. Clark. This was followed by an
address by Rev. J. W. Webb, respond
ed to by Dr. Bowers. Rev. A. A.
Graves of this place made a third
speech. He declared the church had
gone into politics because the devil had
gone there and made it necessary-
The greater part of the forenoon was
taken up with addresses on the subject
of temperance. Robert Summers, an
attorney of San Jose, and Henry J.
French of the same town, who was
once before the standard bearer of this
State, may enter the field for Governor.
For the Lieutenant-Governorship has
been mentioned F. R. Shafter of Santa
Clara. A full Congressional ticket will
be nominated,, but no names have been
presented for the various districts. The
absence of any caucus or lobby pre
cludes the possibility of prognosticat
ing candidates.
Committees appointed by Chairman
Kanouse were:
in
the
Permanent organization— C. T. Clark,
Napa- J. R. Bean, Solano; W. W. Whar
ton, Fresno.
Platform— J. E. McComas, Los Angeles;
Miss M. A. Thompson, Alamoda; W. O.
Clark, Amador; Mr. Leonardson, Los An
geles; Rev. F. E. Coulter, Fresno; S. P.
Mends, Alameda; 11. I-. Kuws, Merced.
Finance— C. L. Meracle, Fresno; Mr.
DalLy, Los Angeles; C. J. French, Ven
tura"; Miss M. A. Thompson, Alameda.
Credentials— Dr. S. B. Bowers, Los An-
Kclos; B. H. Hoad and J. W. Meble,
Fresno.
The afternoon session, after 3 o'clock
was chiefly devoted to addresses de
livered by T. D. Kanouse and Rev. E.
Leonardson of Los Angeles. Plans of
work for the coming campaign were
earnestly discussed. On behalf of
friends Rev. J. W. Webb presented Mrs.
Richardson, assistant superintendent of
the Band of Hope, with a gold and
enamel Good Templar badge.
The new State central cc mmittee was
chosen. It will organize to-morrow
after nominations are made and plat
form and resolutions adopted.
To-night there was a red fire, firing
of anvils and spirited addresses by
ladies and gentlemen of State reputa
tion. This will be repeated to-morrow
night as a ratification of the State
ticket. The sessions are very harmon
. ious.
GANG RULE
REBUKED IN
SANTA CLARA
Great Victory Won by the
Advocates of Pure
Politics.
Candidates That Were Backed by
Boss Rea Defeated in Almost
Every Instance.
SAN JOSE, June B.— The school elections held throughout the
county were, taken as a whole, a great victory for the better element
and people who believe in pure politics and on the other hand was a
hard blow to the Rea gang.
More than usual interest attached to
the elections and both sides were out
in force working for their candidates.
In the Hester District the election
was unusually warm, and the gang did
their best to carry the day, but they
were unsuccessful. Charles D. Blaney,
the people's candidate, was elected by
a good majority over Albert Currlin,
Rea's candidate. Everything: possible
was done to defeat Blaney, as in his
defeat Rea saw a chance to knife H. G.
Squier, the principal of the Sunol Hes
ter School, who is an avowed enemy of
the ring. Squier has been persecuted
by the gang for several years, because
he refused to do its bidding. Their
enmity against Squier arose when he
was principal of the Longfellow School
some years ago and they succeeded
then in securing his dismissal.
A couple of years ago the citizens of
the Hester school district threw off
gang rule, and Frank P, Montgomery,
one of Rea's pets, was dismissed and
Squier given the place. This was a
bitter dose for the gang, and the ha
tred of Squier increased. Since then
war has been openly declared against
him. Nothing has been left undone
to injure and beat Squier, but, so far
the better element has remained on top.
A short time ago the gang tried to
divide the district in order to accom
plish its end. A bitter contest was
waged before the Board of Supervis
ors, but without result. The election
of Blaney is another victory for Squier.
J. H. Jackson of the night school and
Elmer Brownell of Mountain View,
both gang men, are slated for advance
ment, and if the recent election had
been carried by the gang one of these
two would have probably succeeded
Squier.
East San Jose is another place where
school matters were active on election
day. Here, also, the gang was de
feated, C. A. Bates being elected over
A. J. Conwell.
At Milpitas, Henry Abel, the people's
choice, defeated the gang candidate by
100 votes.
At Saratoga, Trustee Cunningham
walked away from Rea's man.
In the other districts throughout the
county the elections resulted about
even, and where gang men were placed
in power they are of the better class
and not persons that will do the petty
bidding of Boss Rea.
SAN JOSE CAPITALIST
INDICTED FOR FORGERY
Seven Counts Againrt Abram King
for Mismanaging the Estate of
an Insane Person.
BAN JOSE. June B.— Abram King, a
prominent capitalist of this city, ex-
Supervisor and until recently vice-presi
dent of the First National Bank and
president of the Security Savings Bank,
was this afternoon indicted by the Grand
Jury on seven counts for forgery in con
nection with hie management of the eß
tate of Stephen Hobson, an inaane person.
King was the guardian of the estate for
nineteen years, and when Hobson died
Kings accounts were called In question.
About a month ago a trial of the issues
in the Probate. Court resulted in a Judg
ment against King for over $13,000, this
imount, so the record runs, having been
taken from the estate by means of for
geries, raised bills and the withholding
:-f large sums. Immediately after the re
turning of the judgment the matter was
brought before the Grand Jury, with the
result stated. A bench warrant was is
sued for King's arrest, and it was served
late this evening. He will give ball in
the morning.
Engineer Killed at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, June B.— Warren Wai- !
dron, who had been a locomotive engi
neer on the Folsom railroad for over forty
years, was killed to-day. He was work
ing about his engine in the round house ;
when he slipped from it and fell. His
right temple was crushed in by strik
ing a piece of iron, and death was almost
instantaneous.
Two New Justices of the Peace.
SAN JOSE, June B.— The Board of Su
pervisors to-day appointed R. R. Bell
Justice of the Peace at Los Gatos and
Miles Holllster Justice at Alvlso.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OPIUM, MORPHINE
Or Cocaine "Habits" Now Pri-
vately Cured at Home.
A SIX DAYS' TREATMENT SENT ON TRIAL
BY MAIL TO ANY ONE WHO HONEST-
LY DESIRES TO BE CURED.
Remedy Contains No Opiates or Po'sons.
Cures the Dreaded ''Habits" Per-
manently Without Suffering.
Dr. Carlos Bruisard, a well-known prac-
titioner of Cincinnati, Ohio, after many
years' close study has discovered a rem-
edy that permanently cures the mor- ,
ph.ne, opium, cocaine, laudanum and slm- '
similar habits. The remedy cures without
causing pain, suffering or nervousness, j
and removes all desire for stimulants. No i
opiates or other narcotics are contained
in the remedy, nor does the treatment
Interfere with the patient's daily occupa-
tion. The cure is complete and perma- '
nent and leaves the patient In a condi-
tion of perfect health.
Dr. Bruisard carries his ideas into prac-
tlcal effect by sending a six days' treat-
ment on trial to any one who actually de-
jrtrea to be cured. This will enable the
patient to test it at home or wherever
he may choose, and there is absolutely
no question that he will be cured.
Dr. Bruisard has saved thousands of
bright men and women from a life of
slavery and degradation. He has the
remedy. There is no doubt about it. It
is as certain to cure as the world is cer-
tain to revolve on its axis. This should
deeply interest the thousands who are i
being dally dragged to their torture
by the terrible use of narcotics.
It Is certainly a very generous act of
the doctor to send his remedy on trial
and thus let all see and realize that they
will be cured at their homes permanently,
without any suffering, detention from
business or loss of time.
Write privately to Dr. Carlos Bruisard,
166 Glenn Bldg., Cincinnati, Ohio. The
utmost confidence prevails between the
doctor and hla patients.
_..,_ _ • _ _■:■... _ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
STILL THIS o
GREAT ' M '-■*
SALE OF n§ A I
CLOTHING mm-}.
• CONTINUES wljyw I jy
k.^.S-,™w. / i'J •
The remarkable values we Jj //
are giving in our $8.63 Suits S^, >j^J//y 1 —
has resulted in a tremen- iP"^ If \|
dous increase in our daily .1| 1
sales. For the past week 11 • 1
our salesmen were contin- I • \
ually busy, with the result . II \ ,;:
that the original lines of if // V,A
suits which we first placed 'LJl^' >j/
on sale are now reduced to <£/^
about 200 garments. Never
has a Clothing Sale in this city met with such un- |
qualified success, and there is no wondering at it,
v for each and every
Wi»^ M "'ii'iiinjji^ \ garment is worth [,
<f sdm& ' '\.''MtiF: "'*" r " |Bjk We ourselves
3 Wpjagmyr £$U 0 very latest in
% T&a sjpi §&£■' '^S^b& m including Che-
isfv TWn9nßmKw £ viots, Scotch
and Cassinieres.
-^^^XCK Ca __ J m3^ ir ' ' ' lined with Farm-
ers' Satin or Mo- :,
hair Serge and sewed with silk throughout. We
have the greatest confidence in the quality of the .'}
cloth, workmanship and trimmings, and therefore ::>,
offer to keep the garments in repair one year free "] 5!
of charge.
Ball ill Bal Free ''>^C
_ allilijalrlutj <iS )
With each suit purchased in /J^^^^vjlv/ *2J
our Children's Department.
Our $3. SO Sailor Suits, Reef- /^^^S^^^JS> J/ - : s
ers and Middies have met ( fi^-^ js\ ft- '
the popular demand, and <?f®/ ," /cnY k/^V 555^
we therefore continue to , /J^j^^y /**l^\A^^ \
take pleasure in bringing ff\\^t .-V ||vf! I
them to your notice, de- x^, -^\ . / (§\( J
scribing the suits as being cJ lit Ry\^-_— -^
made up in the latest shades, / / I /~\\
richly braided and elegantly I/] II \^J
trimmed. The Reefer Suits / / IL^j)
are cut. with a deep sailor llSfßil
collar, braided and designed Wjjfl
in seasonable and fashion- . Y|S W*
able colors. The little Middy Jj f^X
Suits have a vest, which is /-J «=»>s^> '■*■:
very tastefully braided with *■■'
colors to harmonize.
/ Jsr " \ Once again we
/ \ -■ ■ place on sale our 93c *
/ \ Fedora Hat, in all the
I- V latest spring shades.
/^~~f^^^uxuaiutir^i}M\KJ& . Same cannot be du-
vv mmm Ilim^^ $1.50 elsewhere. than ; ..'
N^^^gliP^^^^^y $1. SO elsewhere.
■ I ■■■•■•'■ ' f
In our Furnishing Goods -« w
Department you will find /"^Vj
■on sale Colored Shirts for V^\ (■ T^^k
•'BO cents which are positively Kit*) ■■■\'%r'' : '
sold for $1 elsewhere.. The !^^^^^^\
only reason we can sell j <$£****&■ I
them at such a low margin II y%}\ !
is that we cleared out a line 11/ J ||^ I V
: • of several thousand from a \\( \f ir \ )s
manufacturer who required ■ . ( fe&4 iwWiA at' •
immediate money.. • % - W fSlf|?»Y'|#,. ,
The soft bosoms have col- " ■'MM ft P^fWV WV • .- .1
lars and cuffs attached, and * &i * li Nl\ t ft ' '
are drsigned in stripes in !%^§2^-' j
shadesoflightand dark blue. . !
The stiff bosoms include one pair link cuffs. The
golf shirts are simply stunning. j
I
Trousers! |
During this great sale we have likewise made
great reductions in our Pants Department, where :; -
you will find an immense variety of All-wool Pants :
at $1.63, ; $183, $2.00 and $2.30. Greatly reduced
from their former price and positively worth double.
We cheerfully exchange goods or refund money. '
i
. I
i
S.N.WOOD&CO.,
718 Market Street. %
34
DESPERATE
BATTLE WON
BY CUBANS
Spaniards Defeated in a
pierce F'gb^Near
Santiago.
Compelled to SurreQder flfter
Losirjg Heavily in filled
and Wounded.
NEW YORK, June B.— News has Just
reached the Cuban Junta In this city
of a victory achieved by the Cuban
forces over a division of the Spanish
army at Jifruani, Province of Santi
ago, on May 22. It was one of the most
decisive battles which the patriots had
gained In many months, and the most
Important one Bince war was declared
by the United States against Spain. A
column of Spanish soldiers, 1300 strong,
acting under orders from Havana to
abandon the interior towns and ad
vance toward the coast, evacuated the
town of La Piedra, after having de
stroyed their fortifications to prevent
them from falling into the hands of the
Insurgents, and camped at Jiguani,
vhere they expected to remain, await
ing further orders. They were also
Joined there by a detachment of 300
Spanish soldiers from Santa Rita and
the two forces wero united in the
camp at Jiguani.
The Spaniards were surprised on the
morning of May 22 by being attacked
by a division of the First Corps be
longing to General Calixto Garcia's
command, under the leadership of Col
onel Jose Jesus Rabi. With him were
Colonel Lora, commanding the First
Cavalry, and Colonel Montaire of the
Infantry regiment, "Cuba Libre." The
Cubans altogether numbered a little
over 1000 men, while the Spaniards had
fully twice that number.
The Cubans advanced in good order,
being well equipped with arms and am
munition, and took the enemy com
pletely by surprise. At the start the
Spaniards scattered, but afterward
they made an effort to rally their
forces. They succeeded only to the ex
tent of retreating in regular order to
the village of Palma. There they
were reinforced by several hundred
men from Aguicota and Arrota Blanco
and turned upon the Cubans, and the
battle was renewed with fury.
The Spaniards were beginning to re
cover some of the ground which they
had lost, when, at a most opportune
SWELL EVENT
AT SAN RAFAEL
Marriage of Miss Ethel
Shipley Smith.
LIEUT. LANSDALE THE GROOM
A HOST 07 DISTINGUISHED
GUESTS.
Church Ceremony Followed by an
Elaborate Breakfast — Call to
Arms Will Necessitate a
Brief Honeymoon.
SAN RAFAEL, June B.— At high noon
to-day Lieutenant Philip Van Home
Lansdale and Miss Ethel Shipley Smith,
daughter of President Sydney M. Smith
of the Cutting Packing Company, were
united in the bonds of matrimony at
St. Paul's Episcopal Church, Rev. Will
lam Hall Moreland officiating. The
church was profusely decorated with
palms, bamboo, evergreens and flowers.
The invited guests numbered 150, in
cluding Prince and Princess Poniatows
kl, Baron yon Schroeder and a number
of prominent society people of San
Francisco.
The Misses Helen and Bertha Smith,
Bisters of the bride, officiated as brides
maids and Lieutenant Miles Gorgas of
the United States navy as groomsman.
The bride was attired in white satin,
with point lace trimmings and wore
diamond ornaments.
After the ceremony the bridal party
ADVERTISEMENT S.
Pears 9
We perspire a pint a
day without knowing it ;
ought to. If not, there's
trouble ahead. The ob-
structed skin becomes
sallow or breaks out in
pimples. The trouble goes
deeper, but this is trouble
enough.
If you use Pears' Soap,
no matter how often, the
skin is clean and soft and
open and clear.
All sorts of Btores sell It, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
moment, the Cuban Augileraie Regi
ment came up from General Garcia's
command and attacked the enemy in
the rear. Simultaneously with this the
Regiment Santiago attacked them upon
the left flank, so that the Spaniards
were forced to fight, hemmed in on
both sides.
The Cubans succeeded in taking sev
eral advantageous positions, which they
maintained throughout the fighting. In
their night from their camp at Jiguani
the Spaniards were forced to leave be
hind them much of their ammunition
and supplies, so that they were to a
considerable extent handicapped in
fighting, while on the other hand the
Cubans seemed to be well equipped and
on the aggressive.
After six hours' hard fighting at Pal
ma, which is only a short distance from
Jiguani, the Spaniards raised a flag of
truce and expressed themselves as
willing to surrender. Terms were
speedily arranged and the Cubans took
as prisoners one Spanish colonel, seven
captains and several other officers, be
sides 104 soldiers. The Spanish loss
amounted to seventy-six dead, besides
a large number wounded. Included in
the Spanish losses were thirteen offi
cers.
The Cubans sustained a heavy loss,
but it was considerably smaller than
that of the Spaniards. It is reported
there were forty-five killed, including
five officers of minor rank, and about
sixty wounded.
After the battle the Cubans returned
to Jiguani. There they secured a large
quantity of arms and ammunition from
the deserted Spanish camp, together
with provisions and supply wagons.
These were sent to the headquarters
of General Garcia's camp at Bayamo.
The people of the towns of Jiguani
and Santa Rita came out to Treet the
victors, and there was great rejoicing
among the inhabitants, who before that
time had been forced to conceal tlTeir
sympathy, while the towns were occu
pied by Spanish soldiers. General Jesus
Rabi at once set at work organizing a
civil government for the towns, acting
under the orders of General Garcia in
a proclamation which he issued two
days after the battle.
! and guests repaired to the home of the
bride's parents and partook of a i
6umptuous wedding breakfast.
Lieutenant Lans-dale is on a furlough >
and the young couple may not be able
to enjoy a honeymoon as the groom Is
eager to go to the front in the war. His
father was a surgeon in the United i
States navy and his grandfather, who i
fought in the Revolution under Wash
ington, was a charter member of the I
Cincinnati Society.
SANTA ROSA WEDDING.
Marvin T. Vaughan and Miss Essie
Austin United.
SANTA ROSA, June B.— One of the
moat elaborate weddings ever held in
the city took place at the Fifth-street
Methodist Episcopal Church at high
noon to-day. The contracting parties
were Marvin T. Vaughan, a prominent
young attorney of this city, and Miss
Essie Austin, one of Santa Rosa's best
known society belles. The church was
elaborately decorated. It was only a
few moments past the appointed time
when the bridal party entered to the
music of the wedding march from "Lo
hengrin," the bride leaning upon the
arm of her father and preceded by little
Lois Forsyth, the ring bearer. Thn
groom was attended by Attorney Ed
M. Norton of Healdsburg as best man.
Miss Mattie Davidson of San Francisco,
Miss Katherine Lewis and Miss Hattle
Austin of this city were the brides
maids, while Grant A. Laughlin of San
Francisco and D. Harry Leppo of this
city acted as ushers. The ceremony
was performed by Rev. J. A. Batchelor
and an elaborte wedding breakfast was
served at the home of the bride's par
ents Immediately after. The brido Is
the youngest daughter of Colonel J. S.
Austin, president of the Pacific Metho
dist College, and is very popular.
INCRIMINATES HIS SISTER.
A False Witness in the Nevada Or-
phans' Home Scandal.
CARSON, Nev., June B— John Cassa
grande, who made an affidavit that he
perjured himself in the Orphans' Home
Investigation, now makes another to the
effect that his sister asked him to do so
and that said affidavit was false. Four
boys, attendants at the Home— Harry
Hilderbrandt, Archie Mac Donald, Frank
Peterson and Hiram Shaver— make affi
davits that they heard Day make the as
sertion to which Cassagrande testified
and which he denied in his first affidavit
Judge M. A. Murphy has been retained
by the Orphans' Home to prosecute the
libel cases which will follow shortly
Agnews Managers Hold a Meeting.
SAN JOSE, June B.— At the regular
meeting of the board of managers of Ag
news Asylum to-day it was estimated that
the amount of money needed for the
forty-ninth and fiftieth fiscal year would
be $100,286 27. The secretary's report
showed a balance of $23,881 10 fn the con
tingent fund. It was also .reported that
it J» re s ( '»t management had spent $11,
953 ,?, less than the appropriation for the
past ten months.
Death of a Santa Clara Pioneer.
SAN JOSE, June B.— John Parker, a
well-known pioneer resident of this val
ley, died of apoplexy at his home at Oak
Ridge, in Calavcras Valley, yesterday
He was a veteran of the Mexican war!
The deceased was 72 years of age and a
forni'a i lpi Parker came to Call-
Los Angeles Citizen's Windfall.
LOS ANGELES, June 8.-J. H. Martus,
a tent and awning manufacturer of this
city, has been Informed by a gentleman
who came all the way from England for
the purpose, that he has fallen heir to an
estate in Somersetshire, England valued
at $1,000,000. The estate has long 'been tn
litigation, which is now settled
Old Resident Dies at Napa.
NAPA, June 8.-T. R. Davies. an old
resident of this county, died at his home
in Browns Valley to-day. Deceased waa
a native of Wales and 78 years old Three
children survive him.
THE SAN FBAyCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JTTtfE 9, 1898.
SAN RAFAEL IN
A COMMOTION
Exciting Affair Occurs in
the Night.
APPARENTLY AN ABDUCTION
A YOUNG WOMAN'S SCREAMS
FOR HELP.
Driven at Furious Speed Through the
Town by a Mysterious Well-
Dressed Man, Who
Eludes Pursuit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June B.— An exciting
incident of a most peculiar nature that
has caused no end of wonder and com
ment occurred here last evening. City
Attorney Thomas Boyd, F. Schoneman.
and L. Lavios- were the principal wit
nesses and they are as much at sea in
regard to the affair as anybody else.
The three men were standing in front
of Laviosa's residence on the corner of
Fourth and H streets engaged in
friendly conversation when they were
startled to hear a succession of pierc
ing screams, and turning beheld a two
seated open carriage, drawn by a large
sorrel horse, whirl rapidly around the
corner and out Fourth street at break
neck speed. On the front seat were a
fashionably attired man and a young
lady, dressed in clothing of a light
shade. The man was driving and in
dustriously plying the lash to the horse,
while the girl was shrieking and
begging to be released in agonizing
tones. On the rear seat sat an elderly
woman who uttered no sound and made
no motion.
The three witnesses yelled to the
driver to stop, but he paid no heed to
them. They ran after the vehicle for a
short distance, but to no purpose as it
was traveling at too high a rate of
speed. By this time the sidewalks were
filled with an excited crowd that rushed
from the houses in the vicinity on hear
ing the screams.
As the carriage passed out of sight
before it reached the point where tho
road branches — one fork leading to
Fairfax and the other to Tamalpais —
the girl's cries abruptly ceased and she
fell back on the seat, evidently in a
fainting condition.
The most puzzling part of the mys
terious affair is that the girl would ap
pear to have been abducted, yet not a
clew can be obtained to aid in solving
the affair. The carriage came from a
fashionable quarter of the city, but no
body seems to know of any girl disap
pearing. At the time the incident oc
curred the moon was shining brightly
and the driver was observed to wear a
tall silk hat, while the vehicle was new
and of modern design and the horse '
was richly caparisoned. It is believed .
from the circumstances and especially ]
the direction taken that a serious crime ■
may have been committed.
THBEE CHILDREN CREMATED.
One Throws a Lighted Match in a
Can of Coal Oil.
PITTSBURG, June 3.— Three children
met death in a frightful manner last
evening in Allegheny. By the explosion
of a can of oil their clothing was ignited
and the children were burned so terribly
that they died in a short time.
The victims were Ella. Edith and Har
vill Watts, children of Charles Watts of
Fern Hill, near Woodsrun avenue, aged !
respectively 11 and 7 years and 4 months.
The eldest child proved herself a he
roine, for with the flames ro.i sting her
body she tried to carry her baby brother
to a place of safety. Mrs. Watts was also
burned in trying to save her children.
The children were playing in an out
house in the yard and one of them struck
a match. In the same room was a larpe
can containing two gallons of oil. When
the match was thrown down It dropped
into the can and the explosion followed
instantly.
CONFIRME.D BY THE SENATE.
Batch of Appointments Made by
President Indorsed.
WASHINGTON. June B.— The Senate to-
day confirmed these nominations: J. J.
Jensen, Indian Agent at the Ponca, Paw
nee, Otoe and Oakland agency in Okla
homa; C. O. Whitmore, United States At
torney for the district of Utah; Miss Es
telle Reel of Cheyenne, Wyo., Superin
tendent of the Indian schools; to be addi
tional paymasters in the army, S. S. Har
vey of Florida and J. B. Kenner of In
diana; to be commissary, with rank of
captain, W. C. Fairbanks of Indiana; Ma
jor P. C. Cope, Marine Corps, to be a
lieutenant-colonel in that corps; Eugene
Julius Grow of Now Hampshire, assistant
surgeon of the navy.
EXPLORERS FOUND DYING.
Professor Hill and a Companion Sue-
cumb to Hunger.
SEATTLE, June B.— Proiessor Hill of
the Washington State University took
an expedition to Copper River In Febru
ary. Subsequently he and one companion
went to exploring the Valdes glacier
alone. They cached their supplies, which
were covered by a snowstorm. Failing
to find them, the men killed their dog and
endeavored to subsist on his flesh. When
finally discovered on the glacier they
were emaciated and too weak to stand.
Both are now being brought to Valdes,
but It is not thought they can live until
they reach here.
ACTING ASSISTANT SURGEON.
Dr. J. R. Gregory of Healdsburg Gets
an Appointment.
HEALDSBURG, June 8. — Dr. J. R.
Gregory of this place has been appointed
acting assistant surgeon In the army and
assigned to duty at St. Michael, Alaska.
He leaves to-day for San Francisco, and
will sail for his post on Saturday. Dr.
Gregory entered Uncle Sam's service on
the first call to arms in 1861, and served in
various campaigns as surgeon until 1877.
Ho was stationed at Fort McDermott,
Nev., during the Modoc war. He has been
a practicing physician in Healdsburg for
a number of years.
Appropriations for California.
"WASHINGTON, June R.— The House to
day agreed to the following Senate
amendments to the sundry civil bill: Im
proving the harbor of Wilmington and
Christiana River, Delaware; continuing
Improvement of the harbor at Oakland.
Cal.; appropriating $250,000 for the protec
tion of the Sacramento and Feather
Rivers, Cal.
Young Tom Fitch Held to Answer.
STOCKTON, June B.— The preliminary
examination of Thomas Fitch Jr., charged
with assault with a deadly weapon, with
intent to commit murder, upon Attorney
Charles Falrall, resulted in Fitch being
held to answer in the Superior Court, with
ball at $3000.
Comstock Girl Takes Carbolic Acid.
VIRGINIA CITY, NEV., June B.— Alice
McPherson, aged 19. during a fit of anger
this afternoon, drank carbolic acid, with
suicidal intent, and died half an hour
later.
Temblors Felt at Point Arena.
POINT ARENA, June B.— Several earth
quakes were felt here to-day— two severe
ones at 11:30 and 1 o'clock. No damage.
Advances made on furniture and p'.anoa. with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
BASEBALL IN
AID OF THE
RED CROSS
Soldiers and Civilians
Cross Bats To-Day.
WILL BE A RATTLING CONTEST
MINNESOTA WILL BE REPRE
SENTED BY GREAT PLAYERS.
Society Will Grace the Occasion by
Its Presence— A Grand Mili
tary Concert During the
Game.
A great game of baseball will be played
at Recreation Park to-day. The Thir
teenth Minnesota Volunteers, who have
so kindly offered to do anything in their
power to assist the Red Cross Society,
have had their baseball team out prac
ticing daily during the past week, and the
men of the regiment are very much elated
over the prospects of their club. They
have asked, the colonel to allow them to
attend the game in a body, as they are
desirous of being there to "root" for
! Minnesota.
Every patriotic American should attend
i and do honor to the cause by encouraging
the home boys as well as the visitors.
There is no doubt that the game will
be a lively one, as both sides have their
State pride at stake.
The ladies should remember that the
umpire has been chosen by one of their
sex, find they should be on hand to pro
tect him from harm, as they will be held
responsible for any difficulty that he
might get into through his decisions. The
umpire has the hardest position on the
ball field, it is almost impossible for him
to please all, and if he should give a
decision to displease the excited players
of either side, some one should be present
to console him. There is no doubt that if
the committee were to disclose his name
at this time every lady in the city
who wears a military button would be
there in his behalf.
Through the kindness of the colonel of |
the regiment the celebrated Minnesota
band will' be present and will give a grand
patriotic concert before the game.
The players will all appear on the bat
tlefield completely equipped for the base
ball war, and to do credit to their re
spective supporters.
The following will be the formation of
the troops to do battle:.
Minnesota. San Francisco.
Snow Catcher Ha mmond
Scallon P.tcher Wheeler
(or Tucker)
Sheppard First base Dunleavy
Ritchie Second base Riley
Clark Third base....H. Krug
Priest Shortstop Eagan
Mosier Left fieli} Hearty
Barlow Center field Hardie
Larkln Right field. ...Stroecker
Everything 1 points to a successful exhl
i bition at the Press Club on Saturday next.
j Artists throughout the city have contrib
; uted pictures which will be sold in aid of
the Red Cross fund. It is said the exhi
bition will be one of the finest ever seen
in this city. The pretty and commodious
rooms of the club will be thrown open
both afternoon and evening, and there
will be music during the entire exhibition.
The ladies of Belvedere have done their
share toward helping the Red Cross. Be-
I sides furnishing 300 bandages 150 comfort
i bags and caps, an entertainment -■ was
Riven which was largely attended by the
residents of the pretty suburb, which net
ted the handsome sum of $180. Pajamas
: are now betng made by them and a large
j number will soon be sent to the city.
Colonel F. S. Hastings, a retired soldier
of the Fifth New Yonk Zouaves, has cx
i tended an invitation to all soldiers to visit
i his home In San Leandro and pluck and
! carry away all the cherries they can use.
Rosle Elsie Korbel contributed a beau
tiful bag, made by herself, filled with
pennies that she had laid aside to help the
volunteers.
A Red f'ross Society was formed in
Napa May 25, with a membership of sev
enty-two, which has since increased to
230. The officers are as follows: Presi
; dent. Mrs. E. "Wilder Churchill; vice
president, Mrs. F. "W. Bush; secretary,
I Mrs. W. H. Evans; corresponding secre
tary. Miss Louise Churchill; treasurer,
Mrs. Owen Moran. The sum of $670 has
been contributed, the Veterans' Home
having generously assisted in adding to
the fund. At the solicitation of Mrs. A.
M. Gardener and Mrs. W. H. Graham,
who have acted as canvassers, donations
of supplies and underclothing Have been
sent in by the merchants and townspeo
ple for the troops encamped at the Pre
sidio and Richmond. The society has
completed 650 abdominal bandages and 500
comfort bags.
Subscriptions received yesterday swelled
i the Red Cross fund to $40,653 24.
HAVE TROUBLES
OF THEIR OWN
THE SAMOA AND CHARLES NEL
SON GET AWAY AT LAST.
Successful Test of a New Automatic
Distributing Nozzle on the Fire
Boat Governor Markham.
The Klondike steamer Samoa got away
j for St. Michaels yesterday with the barge
Monarch and the stern wheel steamer
Clara in tow. The Clara is on the deck
of the barge, and before the Inspector of
Hulls and Boilers would allow them to
go to sea they were boxed in and built
Up until they looked like the famous
Merrimac of the civil war. As the Samoa
and her town passed along the front the
general remark was that the expedition
was a most foolhardy one.
Before the vessel got away there was
some trouble aboard. Captain Jahnsen
got exuberant and kissed one of the lady
gassengers. Just as he did so the hus
and appeared on the scene and the gal-
I lant skipper got a black eye for his gal
lantry.
There was trouble also on the Klondike
steamer Charles Nelson before she got
away for Seattle. The crew shipped for
$40 a month, and some union sailors in
duced five of them to desert. Five other
men were secured in the place of the de
serters and another attempt to get them
off was made. An old employe of the
owners of the Nelson was going aboard
when the striking sailors Jumped on him
and gave him a beating. A free light fol
lowed, and finally a union man, who gave
his name as John Smith, was arrested
by Officer George Lake.
The British ship Lismore is only out
thirty-six days from Newcastle, N. S. W.,
for this port, and yet 7 per cent re
insurance has been paid on her. The
Crown of India, which left Newcastle the
day after the Lismore, was caught in a
hurricane and partially dismasted. She
was afterward towed into Sydney. N. S.
w. ( in distress. It is this fact and not
that the Lismore is overdue that has
started the reinsurance deal.
A larjje party of insurance men and
j underwriters went out on the State tug
j Governor Markham yesterday to witness
a test of the Judge automatic solid stream
and distributing nozzle. The vessel put in
at Powell-street wharf, and there Chief
Sullivan and several members of the Fire
Department joined the party. The test
was a genuine Buccess, and Chief Sulli
van said the nozzle was a most valuable
addition to the fire extinguisher appli
ances. It is an automatic affair to bo
fastened to a standpipe or located on the
upper floor of tall buildings and will throw
water so as to flood the floor, ceiling and
walls at the same tlm*'.. It looks like
the cylinder of ?\n engine from one end
of which projects an ordinary nozzle. The
action of the water when, forced into the
cylinder sets wheels In motion which
cause the nozzle to swing up and down,
describing an arc of 60 degrees. At the
same time the contrivance rotates In
an arc from side to side, describing an
angle of 90 degrees. With a forty pound
pressure the water can be forced through
the nozzle a distance of 250 feet. It is
the invention of John H. Judge, a veteran
fireman of Milwaukee.
News arrived in the city yesterday of
the total loss of the schooner J. N. In
galls on the Mexican coast. She left here
on May 3, last, and while trying to «nier
Agiabampo on the 3d inst., went ashore.
The particulars of the disaster are very
meager. The crew was saved, but the
cargo, it is thought, will be lost with the
vessel.
PIGEONS FLEET OF WING.
A Homing Race of Old Birds From
Colusa to This City.
The California Homing and Pigeon So
ciety held its first old bird race of the
northern series last Sunday from Colusa.
The entries were light, as many of the
members prefer to participate in the
young bird races, and most of those from
Alameda County object to Sunday racing.
The following time was made by the first
four birds home:
H. C. Worth's bird, R. 1948— Distance. 101
miles 1000 yards. Time, 2h. BSVim. Speed to
San Francisco, 1002 6-7 yards per minute.
H. G. Hemelrighfs bird, R. 3589— Distance,
103 miles 1413 yards. Time, 3h. 4%m. Speed to
San Francisco, 991 4-7 yards per minute.
E. G. Koc-nlg's b.trd, R. 2530— Distance, 101
miles. Time, 3h. 3714 m. Speed to San Fran
cisco, %%nt\ t yards per minute.
J. A. Lowe's bird, L. 63— Distance, 97 miles
220 yards. Time, Sli. 52% m. Speed to San Fran
cisco. 733 2-3 yards per minute.
The birds were released at 7 a. m. sharp by
B. a. Pryor.
THE CITY'S SUIT
AGAINST WIDBER
TESTIMONY TAKEN BEFORE
JUDGE BELCHER.
Plaintiff Rests Its Case and the De
fense Has Opened Its Side of
the Contest.
The suit of the City and County of San
Francisco against Augustus C. Widber
and the Fidelity and Deposit Company of
Maryland commenced before Judge Bel
cher yesterday. By the suit the city and
county seeks to recover $118,536 97, the
amount of Widber's defalcation while
holding the office of Treasurer, The in
terests of the plaintiff are in the hands of
Garret McEnerney and City and County
Attorney Harry T. Creswell; Widber is
represented by Edgar Peixotto, and C. H.
Wilson and Morrison & Cope are caring
for the cause of the defendant corpora
tion, which is liable to the extent of $100,
000 as surety on Widber's bond.
The case of the city and county is well
known and rests solely on the fact that
one of its agents, Widber, embezzled
funds from the treasury, and the city
seeks to recover from the defaulter per
sonally and from his surety. The princi
pal points set up by the Surety Company
in its answer are that Widber owns suffi
cient property to make good the amount
of his defalcation, and that the Mayor,
the Auditor and the Superior Court neg
lected to count the money in the treasury
as required by law. The answer contends
that the officials named "wholly failed
and neglected to meet togetner every
month or at all during said time and see
and count the moneys remaining in the
hands of said Widher." It is then alleged
that had the officials properly attended to
their duty the fact that Widber was a de
faulter would have been discovered in the
month of December, l&W.
Mathew de la Montanya. I. W. Lees, "W.
P. Sullivan Jr., John Broderick and Chris
tian Reis, the present Treasurer, were
called by the plaintiff. Their testimony
simply related to the discovery of the
shortage in Widber's accounts and the
subsequent counting of the funds remain
ing in the treasury. The plaintiff doubt
less established the fact that there was a
shortage for the amount sued for and
that it was taken by Widber, and after
this was done rested its case.
Auditor Broderick and Mayor Phelan
were then placed on the stand. Both told
the same story as to how the money in
the treasury was counted at the latter
part of last March, the month in which it
is believed Widber made away with most
or the missing money. Mayor Phelan
testified that he examined personally the
treasury tags on the sacks, weighed
throe and counted the gold in one. As the
tags were apparently intact h' did not
weigh them all. Whether the court will
find that the neglect to count all the
money, and thereby sooner discover the
defalcation, releases the Surety Company
from responsibility remains to be seen, but
its representatives are confident that no
judgment against their client will be
given.
SANITATION OF
CAMP MERRITT
HEALTH BOARD TO LEARN
THEIR POWERS.
Explanations of Faulty Plumbing in
the Ferry Building — A Chance
for Medical Students.
The Board of Health busied itself with
a variety of camp affairs yesterday, and
in the end it was left to Garret McEner
ney, the board's attorney, to determine
Just what power the board * has over
troops in the country's service. The
board has had inspected the food for the
camp and the sanitation of the camp
grounds, but there are several things
which it wishes further to correct, and
what its powers are in the premises will
be decided by Mr. McEnerney.
Professor "Wenzell was granted a leave
of absence and his salary was raised to
$100 a month. While he is away H. A.
Gould will take his place.
A communication from Edward Swain,
architect of the ferry building, in which
he answered the criticisms of the plumb
ing inspector of the board, was read.
The objections of the plumbing in
spector were directed mainly to the
fact that little or no care had been
taken to ' insure proper ventilation,
that the gutter pipes were not of
the proper material and that there were
no sewer connections. The architect ex
plained that the water of the bay ebbed
and flowed beneath the building, and that
all below the lower floor was open. He
said all waste pipes were led directly to
the lower floor, and from there they
emptied into the bay. There was no need
of sewer connections, he wrote, and the
only gases which could accumulate under
the building were the natural gases aris
ing from the salt water.
The board notified the architect that it
would not press the objections made.
Food Inspector Dockery reported that
he had bought several lots of strawber
ries in open market, and he had submit
ted them to the cnemist of the board. He
recommended that the previous action of
the board prohibiting the use of straw
berry boxes more than once be continued
in force.
Dr. Henry Masten Fine was appointed
an interne at the City and County Hospi
tal. Dr. Supsman. superintending physi
cian of the hospital, recommended that
four externes be appointed from the medi
cal department of the State University
for one year from July l, 1898. This recom
mendation v. - as adopted.
An ordinance was recommended requir
ing scavengers to clean out their carts
after dumping each load of garbage.
The Railroad Cases.
United States Commissioner Heacock
yesterday afternoon took documentary
evidence in the suit of the Southern Pacific
Company against the Railroad Commis
sioners of California. There were present
John Garber, Attorney General Fitzger
ald and w. F. Herrin. The evidence was
of a routine nature and nothing new or of
interest was elicited.
New Mining Company.
Articles of incorporation for the Sheep
Ranch Gold Mining Company, with a cap
ital stock of $600,000, were filed in the of
fice of the County Clerk yesterday. The
directors are W. H. Clary of Stockton; B.
F. Langford of Lodt; and George R.
Fletcher, George F. Volz, C. A. Kern, L.
Schumacher and C. L. Feusier of this
city.
Sudden Death.
Joseflna X. Antoniewicz, a music teach
er, residing at 430 Eddy street, died sud
denly yesterday. She was fully dressed,
as though going out. and was found dead
on the floor of her parlor. Death Is be
lieved to have been the result of natural
caußes. The deceaeed was a native of
Poland. 58 years old and a widow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
laaaaaaaia sssaaaassa
£ ■■num. . &
• a
« The Latest g
«■ Price List «
g.- for FINE |
« SHOES. *
$ — — — **
» — — fi
a No store in the city has such «
a an assortment as the NOLAN »
a BROS, store, and none can give *
■a such low prices. \ a
££ 111 HIM 11l I J • 8
a LADIES' OXFORD TIES. a
** Ladies 1 fine quality Paris Kid #
£* Oxford . Ties, cloth or kid tops, Z.
w hand-turned soles, coin toes, point- ~
w ed toes and square toes, patent- #
g leather tips, £
a $1.50 Pair a
** Ladies' fine Paris Kid Elastic ~,
C* Side "Juliets," hand-turned soles, q
tt coin toe, patent-leather tips, . a
a $2.00 Pair »'
a — 5
»■ SHOES FOR THE BABIES. *
B*** Infants' Fine Kid Button, turn soles, ~
& patent leather tips, sizes Ito 5%..500 «
8 Infants' extra quality soft Paris Kid £
w Button, cloth or kid tops. '&'2J*A w 5
" Sizes 1 to 6....... Too £*
« Extra Fine Quality Paris Kid Lace v*
w Shoes, coin toe, patent leather tips. >*
« Sizes 6to 8....... |1.00 8
~ Sizes 84 to 11. Sj*?i: «
« Sizes 11% to 2 $1.50 «
« Children's Fine Dongola Kid Button, v~
" ' spring heels, square toe, patent «
& leather tips. - £$
U; Sizes sto 8.... :... Toe pair ~
« Children's and Misses' School Shoes. £*
« heavy grain kangaroo leather, but- ~
ton or lace, solid double soles, stand- «
8 . ard screwed, cannot-rip sole, leather £
■^ tips, spring heels. :.-;■;/•; ■
« Sizes 6to 7% ;?..•££
« Sizes Bto 10% ••••• 2, St? «
~Z Sizes 11 to 2 «pi.^o M
g YOUTHS' AND BOYS' LACE SHOES a
w Made of heavy calf, double soles, low V?
"' ■ ■ heels, coin toe and tips, very service- «
« able school shoes. g
X Sizes 11 to 2 SJ'jfrt M
ft Good quality 2, 5,1 #
a Sizes -VA to 5% |150 «
■J Good quality AW^'t}'' 5 /5
&. 800 pairs Boys' fine French Calf Button ™
y< Shoes, to be closed out at. .51.00 pair «
g — »
a MEN'S SHOES. »
a Men's Calf Lace Shoes, square £
*•* and round toes, £
5 U ? $2.00 Pair » (
«; ; ; '-;••;■:. j.v-o .- ■■.■■: a
&. '^ -'. Men's f fine • Calf : Lace Shoes, #
sewed soles, free from tacks and $
*** lumps, square and round toes, ex- $
*•* cellent wearers. A great' bargain. $
a- $2.50 Pair ®
» Shoe>s not as rep- »
a resented will toe «
£ taken back and *jj
a money refunded. 5!
a - «
w «
Jj - : Our out-of-town patrons can order £
X by mail just as satisfactorily as if they w
& purchased in the store. Send for any-
a thing advertised or found in catalogue. *f
» ■ --•■•-- : '■::-■ i : ; : ;-^ «
« "Remember the Maine" Souvenir a
£ Buttons free with every purchase. ' $
a ? ". o — -o g
a I Cut this ad out and I C 2
« | save it to order by. | **
g • '
8 a
3 watt, ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY 3
I nolaTbros. I
PHELAN BUILDING. a
I 812-814 Market St. »
a PHONE 5527. *** "
a a
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
nAf T» --Wi«»rtte«autr«cUnr«e^s.Jlqt
'«*«"»■ 3* —^gH>
i^S^%VAN VROOWI
■= >^Wi^WvVJ 3 Electro Denial Piriors
vV^VTfXf l|v\,7 < " SIXTH AND MARKET'
"V> «f A iaw.-KLEisER.tJ.aa-'
- - ■ . - ' - ■ ~
q visit DR. JORDAN'S <*r.*t
tffgL Museum of Anatomy
jSaniV 2051 MASSET ST. tot. 6th i 7ti, S. T. o*l.
U "SB The L«r E of its kind is
1 tittl DR. JORDAN— Private Disease*.
' Lu^lf iL Conial«:ton free. Writs for Book
rw I of Marriage.
£ih - " NAILED FREE.
DR. PIERCES Cl PfTpif {TV
IS THE BEST ! l^l^l^V 1 lilS^i 1 I
II AS APPLIED BY '
4^^Sltek^ OR. PIERCE ' ELECTRIC BELT
i^fVW^^V^Jßxvfl^Sr^' WILL CURE when everything else falls.
M>.M^^^F^'yP| Letters like the following are arriving dally
X! lo^f^W^M DR. PIERCE 4 N IoN?. E ' C 0l °- May *mi '
i^S^f^O?^^^ Gentlemen: For the benefit of others I de-
X^ / - / Tarss'^'^P^^7^rN\<^\ without much henent. My disease is rheumf!
'^ay/reS /^VV^/yi^NXA tlf ™ a « d neuralgia, liver and stomach troublei
lrjs^W-^/ J -^S^'^i IVK1 V K and spinal disease. -Was almost paralyzed^and
' "HZ l^imlt kt V "•■" m y bbodl ° od w poisoned. I contracted these dis
' J '* ? ases bYb V .. w °rklng in lead ores and in foul air
■- * • icveivea t tmnlt I will soon be A WELL MAY I was th
'joints and poor elrcul«tlon of the bVood; bbutb g ut fan, P « a Jw' eve? « < l,?il h^ W J, th /r" ? "f" f '^
Belt and Appliance. . ■: . . am . row ever "° much benefited by using your
If I had some 'of your catalogues I -would di«trihiit« tv.m .k. _■ ■" '
boys, as some of yours respectfully of Bomethlae^ that win oure them without taking: so much
- medicine. 7l am yours respectfully. , c lnat w »' cure them. without taklnsr ao much
'/- ? ICTBuy no Belt i till ' you see Dr. 'Pierce' a r«n .* '"'*«' or writ, ■ CHRIS JOHNSON.
/V-, which give, price list and tells all about if Address 0 * ° r • ■ °«"-'new : :Vßook No.
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market Street (opposite Palace Hotel), San Francisco.
DEATH BY
FIRE AFTER
A DEBAUCH
John Archie McDonald
Fatally Burned.
HE HAD DRUNK TOO MUCH
RODGERS JUMPED OUT OF A
THIRD-STORY WINDOW.
Exciting and Destructive Fire Early
Yesterday Morning in the
Union Hotel,
Potrero.
The overturning of a coal oil lamp by a
drunken man in a hotel at an early hour
yesterday morning caused his death, the
serious Injury of another man and the
loss of about $4000 worth of property.
Sergeant Conboy was passing the cor
ner of Twentieth and Michigan streets,
Potrero, about 2:30 o'clock yesterday
morning when he noticed flames issuing
from the top story of the Union Hotel,
212-214 Michigan street. He met Police
man Kelly and instructed him to turn in
an alarm of flre. At the same time he
was joined by Policeman Felix Dough
erty, and together they ran to the hotel
and blew their whistles and hammered
on the front door to awake the occu
pants.
v Then they battered in the front door,
and aided by Kelly did splendid work in
rescuing the lodgers, about fifty in num
ber, who were apparently bewildered by
the smoke and being so unceremoniously
awakened from their slumbers. William
Rodgers, who: was aroused jg from his
slumbers by the smoke in his bedroom,
opened his window and jumped to the
ground, a distance of over 30 feet. His
window opened into a small space divid
ing the hotel from the adjoining building.
Conboy and Dougherty saw him lying on
the ground, and being airaid that he
would be killed by tailing debris they
hurried to resuce him, but got confused
in the labyrinth of passages. They fortu
nately came across one of the waitresses
in the dining room, and she conducted
them to where Rodger* was lying. They
carried him to a place of safety? and he
was later removed to the City and County
Hospital, where it was found "that he was
suffering from a sprain of the back
nf rr * lUL°fI UL°f * he chest and a lacerated wound
sight 6ye> WhlCh may cost him hi *
to rh nrsv men °Jen/meJ en / me 10 were the first
™ m ,S2? e {* and Engineer McCluskey
■m?n nt nn d t> the + rear stairway. He saw a
ft « ?«; t nl t0 £ StOry staggering around
in a bewildered manner- with his night
shlrt on i?- re With the assistance of
some of his men they carried the man
a lah P nr°;; ed a t tO^ 6 # hn ArChie McDonald',
a laborer at the Union Iron Works, to
the ground and he was sent to the Re
ceiving Hospital. He was burned from
ce c s a t d er^y fe mm t orn a i n nl died **>" 10 °' CloCk
McDonald was the cause of the fire It
hea e vnv y McDonald starte'dtodriS
heav v y a£ McD <?nald started to drink
intbL J h A ¥ m J dni Sht the barkeeper
L n °tel refused to give him any more
liquor. He left the hotel and returned
ab °ut 2 o'clock. Rodgers was drinking
at the bar and 'McDonald was angry be?
cause the barkeeper -favored itodger!
Motef ,i eft and went to his bed roomed
McDonald, .after, vainly trying to tret an
other drink, followed .film.- if seem! that
McDonald, whose room was on the top
floor, opposite the ono occupied by Rod
gers, lit his coal oil, lamp, In walkim?
vu S un . d &* staggered against the table on
which the lamp was placed, overturning
both lamp and table. He attempted to
stamp out the flames,- which immediately
blazed up, and, failing, staggered into the
hallway with, his nightshirt on J fire. - It
was then that he was discovered by En
gineer McClusky.
McDonald was a man about 60 years of
age. He had been separated from his
wife and family for some time and recent
ly he was brought before the late Judge
Campbell on a charge of failure to pro
vide. The Judge ordered him to pay $20
per month, and it is said that when he
heard of the Judge's death he made use of
language that was far from complimen
tary and announced that he would pay
alimony to his wife just when he felt in
clined. He leaves a widow and six chil
dren, the two eldest boys being employed
in the Union Iron Works.
The building was owned by -Eliza
Schultze and was occupied by W. and J.
B. Johnstone. The loss on tii- 1 buil< is
estimated at $2500 and on contents $1500.
The Railroad Sued Again.
A suit was filed yesterday afternoon In
the United States Circuit Court on behalf
of the United States Government repre
sented by Attorney General John W.
Griggs, United States Attorney H. S.
Foote and Assistant United States Attor
ney Samuel Knight, against the Central
Pacific and the Southern Pacific Com
pany to recover $17,989 75, the value at
$2 50 per acre of 7195.15 acres of land along
the line of the Central Pacific Company
north of Sacramento to the State line.
The complaint alleges that the land was
patented by the Government to the rail
road company by mistake, and that the
company afterward sold a portion of it
to settlers who were innocent purchasers.
As Congress has passed an act to protect
these purchasers the Government has
confirmed their title to the lands, and
now sues the railroad company for the
amount stated.
An American Yacht Lost.
The American yacht Tolna, the property
of Count Festetics, has been changed
from American to Austrfan registry. The
yacht has been for some time in Asiatic
waters, flying the American flag, on the
various pleasure excursions being made
by the Count. The outbreak of the war
between Spain and the United States has
made the Count apprehensive that his
yacht might be seized by a Spanish
cruiser or privateer, and he accordlngly
changed the registry of his vessel to the
flag of Austria, which country being a
non-combatant, will not have the honor
of thrashing the Spaniards.
Lives by Blackmail.
Frank Pavella, who makes his living by
insulting and blackmailing innocent girls,
was sent to the County Jail for three
months hy Judge Conlan yesterday. He
was arrested Monday night by Policeman
McGee, on Clementina street, alter trying
his old tricks on a family there. He" has
been out of jail only six weeks.AWAY TO THE WEST ON WEDNESDAY
The First Nebraska Regiment,
Colonel Bratt commanding, will leave
with the next expedition for Manila.
At a late hour last night Major-Gen
eral Otis telegraphed the adjutant
general at Washington, D. C. and in
formed him that the Nebraska Regi
ment, eighty-one men strong to the
compnny, would be sent to the Phil
ippines. General Otis also asked for
information regarding the detention
here of some of the officers of the
regiment lor the purpose of recruit
ing the regiment up to 106 men to
the company. He also asked for simi
lar advice regarding the recruiting
of the First Colorado up to the maxi
mum strength.
It has been an open secret for sev
eral days that Colonel Bratt had
something up his sleeve, for he has
been in constant communication with
division headquarters, and late last
night he had a long conference with
General Otis.
It is also certain that another de- !
tachment of troops, less than a regi
ment, will sail with the expedition
on next Wednesday, and the informa
tion is imparted that in all proba
bility it will be the two Idaho bat
tanons under the command of Colo
nel Jones. These troops have been
inspected by Colonel Hughes and
Captain Mallory and are thoroughly
equipped. It is also rumored that af
ter all the corps of engineers will be
included in the expedition.
The Fifty-first lowa Regiment which [
started from Council Bluffs in three !
sections is strung out along 1 the road.
The rim section was scheduled to reach
Sacramento last nisht and there await
the coming of other sections.
The lowa Volunteers may arrive to-
MORE SHIPS TO CARRY MEN.
Tr;e Steamers Senator, City of Puebla and Otyo, Laden With Troops, Will Follow th>e China, Colon
and Zealandia to Manila.
THE work of getting the transports
Zealandia, China and Colon ready
for sea is rapidly progressing, and
if nothing unforeseen happens they
will proceed to Manila, via Honolulu, next
Monday. The China and Colon are coaled,
and the putting in of the stores began
yesterday. The Chinese passengers who
were detained on the China have been
transferred to the Belgic and the space
they occupied has now been filled with
bunks for the soldiers.
In regard to the coal passers and fire
men on the China there 1b a treat rum
pus. Able-bodied Americans and experts
at the work are more than willing to ship
for the voyage, but they assert that
"lieutenant" Schwerin Is so enamored of
the Chinese- that he Is actually paying
them double wages to make the voyage
to Manila and back. Through the boat-
Bwain, who is a Mongol, the autocrat of
the Mail Company harangued the coolies
and asked them not to have the ship. He
pointed out to them that the war In Ma
nila was practically over as far as sea
fighting was concerned and that the trip
would be Just as pleasant as the voyage
to Hongkong. The Mongolians held a
pow-wow at which the boatswain expa
tiated upon the extra pay, and the coolies
day, but the hour of arrival has not \
been announced by the railroad .com- \
pany. The regiment will Join the an
nex of Camp Merritt, taking a block
on First avenue near Point Lobos aye- .
nue.
THE NEXT EXPEDITION.
Officers at Camp Merritt Pre
dict That the Fleet Will
Sail Next Monday.
As published exclusively in The Call of
Tuesday It now seems an assured fact
that the next expedition to Manila
will sail from this port early next week.
The information comes from a prominent
officer at Camp Merritt that everything
except the vessels Is in readiness, and
that on Sunday the troops will go aboard
the transports and anchor will be weighed
on Mpnday morning. It appears that the
China has been the cause of the delay.
On the vessel's last trip over she brought
among her passengers a number of China
man and the military authorities at a
recent meeting held at army headquar
ters deemed It best that the vessel should
first be thoroughly disinfected before al
lowing troops to go aboard.
Camp Merritt was thoroughly policed
yesterday by a large body of prisoners.
As a result of theljr close proximity to
llcjuor and a surplus Bupply of cash the
guard houses of the . Eighteenth and
Twenty-third were unusually full. A de
tail from each regiment was ordered to
r- DOrt at division headquarters, from
which point they began their work under
the watchful eye of h strong guard.
Q H Penrose, acting assistant surgeon,
ISA and formerly surgeon general of
the National Guard of Utah has been
i ttacbed to the Utah Light Artillery, with
f first lieutenant. 110 reported
; tain young yesterday and was as
sii^ned to duty. .
The I'tah troop of cavalry and the
ri, California Regiment were vac
ted yesterday.
Private Miles, Company E. Thirteenth
Minnesota, was taken to the field hos
pital yesterday. He has pneumonia.
Harry "H Sergeant, Tenth Pennsylvania,
a ii. phew of Colonel Hawkins, who has
had an attack of appendicitis, will be
discharged from the regiment, as It has
been found that he will have to submit
to an operation. _
CaDteln F. E. Buchan, Twentieth Kan
sas, has been appointed by Colonel Little
acting regimental adjutant in the place of
Adjutant Deford, who has returned to
Kansas on recruiting service.
The Seventh California was inspected in
heavy marching ordor yesterday by Colo
nel Hughes and Captain Mallorv. Captain
D. C. Williams, who was appointed quar
termaster of the Seventh California, in
the place of Captain Klmhall. ordered to
General Merriam's headquarters, reported
for duty yesterday to Colonel Berry.
General M. P. Miller, commanding the
First Brigade, issued an order yesterday
to the effect that all recruits were to drill
not loss than four hours each day, and
old soldiers not less than three hours.
GEN. GREENE AT WORK.
He Has Inspected His Brigade
and Instituted Target
Practice.
Brigadier-General Greene, who will
command the next expedition of troops
leaving this port, is a soldier from the
crown of his head to soles of his feet.
Yes, even' Inch of him breathes of mili
tary experience, and while he is a Mar
tinet, simply because he can't be anything
else, yet at the same time his rank does
not weigh so heavily upon him that he
forgets the natural courtesy of a gentle
man. As far as giving out anything to
the press is concerned, he is not different
from other officers of high rank, but
whenever a newspaper representative
calls at his quarters he is courteously re
ceived and quietly but politely informed
that there is nothing fur publication. In
this respect there is a marked difference
between General Greene and some other
officers who wear the stars.
Cm Tuesday Genera! Greene inspected
the First Battalion of the Twenty-third
Infantry and yesterday he Inspected the
First Battalion of the Eighteenth Infan
try. These two battalions will strike
camp to-day and move thHr tents to the
encampment just opposite Major-General
Otis' headquarters. This Is done for the
purpose of making room in the Eigh
teenth and Twenty-third for the new re
cruits thai are expected to-morrow, and
also for the purpose of consolidating the
two battalions. Tin- battalions will in
their now camp bo under the command of
Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey of the Eigh
teenth.
General Greene had the First Colorado
finally decided, much to Schwerin's de
light, that they would stay by the ship.
The autocrat of the Mail Company then
returned to the waiting men who wanted
to ship as coal passers and firemen and
told them that no more men wore wanted.
The steamers City of Peking, City of
Sydney and Australia went out with an
entire European crew. When it came to
shipping the crew of the Peking the Chi
nese were removed and Americans put in
their places. The Colon an<T Zealandia
will also go out with white crews, but the
boys who sail on the China will be waited
on by Mongols, and the coal passing and
firing will be done by a race which Uncle
Sam excludes from his country for his
country's good. This, too. in spite of the
fact that "Lieutenant" Schwerln can get
strapping Americans to do the work at
the usual rate of mages.
The transports now nearly ready to sail
will be barely out of the bay before three
other 6teamers will be well on the way
toward being in condition to follow them.
The next fleet to sail will be the coast de
fense steamer Monadnock, accompanied"
by the recently purchased steamer Whit
gift, the cruiser Philadelphia and the
steamers Senator, City of Puebla and
Ohio. The work of getting the Senator
and Tenth Pennsylvania over at the Pre
sidio range yesterday morning at target
practice. The two regiments will con
tinue the practice every day as long as
they are here. The men who have had
the least experience will be given the
most attention. General Greene la look
ing after every detail connected with the
THE NEXT EXPEDITION WILL SAIL
EITHER ON TUESDAY OR WEDNESDAY.
At the headquarters of the Department of the Pacific,
Major General Merritt commanding, the information was
given yesterday for publication that the next expedition for
the Philippine Islands will sail from this port next Tuesday or
Wednesday. It was said by the commanding general that
the fleet would consist of the Zealandia, China, Colon, Sen
ator and Morgan City. It is believed that the troops will go
aboard the ships Monday and Tuesday, and that the vessels
will leave on Wednesday, June 15.
Since it is definitely announced that the squadron has
been increased from three to five ships there is much conjec
ture among officers of the command as to what troops in addi
tion to the organizations already designated will be ordered
to join the expedition. The Morgan City and Senator will
be able to accommodate about 1500 men. A regiment and
one battalion may be added to the forces already under or
ders.
Leading officers of the Seventh California are confident
that this regiment will be selected. The Minnesota and Ne
braska troops are equally confident that they will be added to
the expeditionary forces. There is a strong probability that
two batteries of regular artillery may be designated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1898.
CALIFORNIA TROOPS.
Recruits for the First Regiment— Status of
the National Guard.
Advices by wire were received yesterday from the Secretary of War by
General Men-lam, commanding the Department of California, and Adjutant
General Barrett of the State forces, that Captain Carrington, U. S. A., has
been detailed to the duty of mustering in a sufficient number of recruits
to fill the First California Volunteer Regiment of Infantry to the maximum.
Three hundred recruits will be required to fill up the regiment.
Governor Budd and Adjutant General Barrett desire that active members
of the National Guard and ex-Guardsmen shall have the first opportunity
to enlist. The recruits when enrolled will be sent forward to join the regi
ment at Manila. To-day or to-morrow a recruiting station will be estab
tablished in the armory, corner of Page and Gough streets, where applica
tions for enlistment may be made. In a short time mustering officers will
be designated to muster in recruits for the Sixth and Seventh Regiments of
California Volunteer Infantry.
It Is now understood that Governor Budd, In the light of an opinion by
the Attorney General, may either reorganize the National Guard by enroll
ing men to fill the vacancies caused by the enlistment of volunteers in the
United States service or maintain the existing organization by simply giv
ing a leave of absence to every man of the guard now serving in the or
ganizations which have been accepted by the United States.
It is quite likely that the plan of granting leave of absence will be fol
lowed. That course has been pursued by the National Guard of Ohio, Mas
sachusetts and New York, and seems to be eminently fair and proper. It
is contended that soldiers leaving the State to uphold the flag at the front
ought not to be deprived of any of the rights and privileges which member
ship in the National Guard confers. Again, it is estimated that the train
ing which the volunteers are bound to receive in active service will be of
immense advantage to the Guard when the volunteers return from the war
and rejoin their old organizations.
brigade that he will command; In fact,
not the smallest thing escapes his notice.
TRANSPORTS FOR MANILA.
The War Department Is at
Last Vigorously at Work in
Securing Steamships.
The delay on the part of the War De-
ready began yesterday, and as soon aa
the Ohio gets in from Seattle, which will
probably be to-morrow, she will also be
overhauled. Nothing has, as yet, been
done to. the Puebla, as her owners have
asked the Government for permission to
make one more trip with her. If the re
quest be granted the chances are that the
Indiana, now on Puget Soumt, will take
the Puebla's place in the fleet.
The Puebla and the Senator will be flt
ted with the Turner bunk and the sol
diers' quarters will be on a similar scale
to those on the Australia and Zealandia,
The Senator is a new vessel and will
make, a model troop ship. She is a good
seaboat, a splendid carrier and a good
fourteen-knot vessel. The Puebla has
been for years the fastest steamer on the
coast, and out of the tens of thousands of
people who have traveled on her there
will not be found one who has not a good
word for the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's crack steamer. The Ohio
came from the East to go into the Klon
dike trade, and she has been fitted out to
carry passengers to Seattle. She is not
nearly so fast as the Senator and Puebla,
so the entire fleet will have to regulate
its speed by hers.
When the third fleet has been dls
partment In furnishing a sufficient num
ber of transport? for the prompt convey
ance of the Philippine expeditionary
forces to Manila has been a source of
much vexation to Major General Merrivt,
who is very anxious to get the whole
army of 20,000 men to the scene of action
at as early a day ns possible. He recent
ly laid before the War Department the
necessity of more prompt action in the
matter of furnishing transports. The re
sult is that tho department is now exert
ing itself very vigorously to secure every
available vessel on the Pacific Coast for
the transportation of the Philippine expe
ditionary forces.
Yesterday afternoon the medical exam
ining board, consisting of Army Surgeons
patched a fourth one will l>e well under
way. It will probably be composed of the
Morgan City, Indiana or Puebla and the
City of Para or Alameda. most likely the
latter. Some of these vessels could be got
ready to leave for Manila in shf>rt order,
but the Government will not be ready.'
The men are here, but their equipments
are not to the fore, and until they are
nothing can be done. Iri any -?vent it is
pretty safe to say that, over and above
the men who sailed on the Australia
Peking and Sydney, ten thousand troops
will he on their way to Manila before the
month is out.
Of the vessels scheduled to leave in the
near future the Zealandla will carry about
900, the China about GOO, the Colon 750
Senator 750. Ohio 750, Puebla 750, Indiana
750 and Morgan City GOO soldiers. A num
ber of vessels mentioned In the dispatches
from the East are not available, for the
simple reason that there is no means of
transferring coai from the hold to the
bunkers at mb. The Queen and Santa
Rosa are both In this fix, as are also the
UmatiUa and Walla Walla.. Other vessels
mentioned In the Washington dispatches
are not In port, and some of them will
not be available until som» of th<- trans
ports that have already sailed return from
.Manila.
White. Crosby and Morris, who inspected
the China. Colon and Zealand!* was or
dered to examine the steamships Senator
and Morgan City, now in this port as to
their capacity, sanitary condition and
needed changes. If these steamers are
found acceptable they will be chartered
as transports. The board began its work
yesterday afternoon. The Indiana and
Ohio, formerly Atlantic liners and part of
the Empire Steamship Company's fleet
recently sent around to this coast to en
gage In the Alaska trade, are expected
here any day from Puget Sound Upon
their arrival they will be Immediately In
spected by the medical examining board.
The steamship Belgic, which arrived
here yesterday from the Orient, will prob
ably be chartered by the Government, and
also the big Alaska excursion steamer
The Queen, running from Seattle to Ju
neau, and owned by the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, although it Is
claimed that she will not answer the pur
pose of a transport for so long a dis
tance as that from San Francisco to Ma
nila, 4000 miles.
FUN FOR THE SOLDIERS.
Direful Tales of Famine Poured
Into Willing Ears by Prac
tical Jokers.
The soldiers at Camp Merrltt do not
take kindly to their commanding officers'
restrictions on the Indiscriminate distri
bution of pies, cakes and fruits by sympa
thetic citizens, and resort to various ex
pedients to secure contributions of pas
try to "top off" the Government rations.
The plan most In vogue is for a squad to
line up against the fence, and when a
group of ladies pass begin a narration
of famine and general ill treatment that
immediately enlists the sympathies of
the passers-by.
In nine cases out of ten they will stop
and question the boys, and then such
tales of neglect and abuse by an ungrate
ful Government are poured forth that the
very hearts of the hearers are wrung by
the recital. Each wearer of the blue
spreaus himself to outdo the others in
the matter of hard-luck yarns, and soon
the horrified bevy of beauties are scud
ding for the nearest, lunch counter, re
turning in short order with all the sweets
in the place.
The "God bless you, ladies," that greet
their return 'is as music to their souls,
and they move on through the camp with
the consciousness that they have proven
Samaritans to at least c few of the poor
fellows.
When they are out of sight the fun
commences. May be the successful men
dicants will take a bite or two out of a
nice juicy pie and utilize the remainder to j
ornament the rear expansion of some
luckless comrade who happens to have
his back exposed for a target. If the
guard tent happens to have any occu
pants a generous supply of the forage |
is passed into them through the venti- i
lator, as a rule, and at cannonball speed. '■
This is one of the favorite amusements
for the boys when off duty and not al- j
lowed to leave camp. Their portrayals
of scanty rations, ill-cooked and of poor- j
est quality, are certain to excite the at- |
tentlon and pity of the gentler sex. and j
the man who can spin the most doleful
yarn, keeping furthest from the truth, is
envied by all his comrades.
One young lady who visited the camp I
last Sunday was so worked upon that j
she emptied her purse for pies for a :
crowd of giant Montanans, whose very
proportions gave the lie to their stories ;
of starvation. The usual "God bless :
yous" so played upon her heartstrings j
that she took the first car for home, un- ,
able longer to endure the sight of such
sufferings among the country's defend-
ers.
On her way downtown she questioned
a young soldier, a member of the Utah
Cavalry troop, and he proved to be a
prince of romancers. His tale was to the
effect that the only reason the members
of his troop had not died of starvation
was because the citizens of Utah had
thoughtfully subscribed $2500 to be used
for their comfort in Manila, but this fund
had already been heavily drawn upon to
keep the wolf from their tents. Thoir
horsf-s, though, according to the young
Mormon, had been without fodder for
several days, until finally the men had to
go downtown and buy hay at $27 a ton,
with their own money, to keep the ani
mals from starving.
This last portrayal of suffering nearly
broke the 'lady's heart, and upon reach-
Ing home she had her escort write a
statement to The Call of what she had
seen ;ui<l heard, with the request that an
Investigation be held.
The matter has been thoroughly looked
into, with the result that it is apparent
the lady has been made, the victim of a
lot of conscienceless jokers.
CHANCE FOR OPERATORS.
United Stat s Signal Corps Will
Run the Philippine Tele
graph System.
The Tnlted States Signal Corps now be
ing organized by Major R. E. Thompson
to accompany the Philippine expedition
ary forces will take charge of all tele
graph lines in the conquered territory as
rapidly as circumstances will permit. A
large number of expert telegraph opera
tors will be neoded. and it seems that it
is a very difficult thing to find enough
good telegraphers In San Francisco or
vicinity who are desirous of enlisting, al
though the pay is more than that 01 any
other branch of the military service.
When the Signal Corps recruiting office
was opened there was room for one hun
dred operators in the organization, yet
up to date not more than twenty have
been secured. The consequence is that
Major Thompson will be obliged to draw
on the Eastern cities in order to iill the
quota. He received a telegram yesterday
that two first class operators are on the
way here from North Carolina. The term
of enlistment is for the war. and upon its
conclusion the entire telegraph system of
the Philippines will be in the hanus of the
Americans. It will be seen that eventu
ally vt-ry good positions will be open for
the right kind of men. It is an opportu
nity that should not be overlooked. In
all probability all operators now enlisting
will be retained in Government employ
ment after peace shall have been de
clared.
Yesterday afternoon Sergeant Watklns.
Corporal Strachauer and Privates Philip
and Strachan of the Signal Corps of the
National Guard of California, in which
organization they nave served for some
time at Sacramento, enlisted In the I'nlt
ed States Signal Corps. They are bright
young men, of good character, and will
prove a most desirable acquisition.
Quite a number of transfers are being
made from the troops now here to the
Signal Corps, but the great demand is for
telegraph operators.
THE SIXTH CALIFORNIA-
All the Companies Are Being
Ordered to Various Points
for Duty.
By the first of next week nil the com
panies of the Sixth California Volunteers,
now at the Presidio, will have been dis
tributed at various points for duty. They
are not yot fully enuipoed, but expect to
be completely outfitted before Saturday
evening.
Company A, commanded by Captain
Charles Dasher, was transferred to AJca
traz Island yesterday afternoon to relieve
Battery X, Third I'nlted States Artillery,
which joined the artillery camp at the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
D. APPLETON AND COMPANY'S
NEW BOOKS.
Political Crime.
By LOUIS PROAL. With an intro-
duction by Prot. F. H. Giddings, o!
Columbia University. Anewvolum:
in the Criminology Series, edited by
W. Douglas Morrison. i2mo. C'oth,
$1.50. '
Professor Giddings' importnnt intro-
duction is devoted to political crimino ogv
as it has been illustrated in the United
State?. As to M. Proal's learned anJ
suggestive work the London Spectator
says : "At times the author's numerous
illustrations, taken from various coun
tries and ages, si ow that the difficulty of
maintaining absoiute rectitude in public
affairs equals that of the rich man in his
efforts to enter the kingdom of heaven.
But, on the other hand, his ultimate con-
clusion is that, as the art of governing is
one of the most noble, so the actual exer-
cise of the art is compatible with the
loftiest standard of integrity."
Materamilias.
By ADA CAMBRIDGE, auhor of
"Fidelis," "A Marriage Ceremony,"
"The Three Miss Kings," "My
Guardian," etc. No. 242 Appieton's
Town and Country Library. i2tno.
Cloth, ft.oo; paper, 5o cents.
"The author's ability to Interest her
readers and to engage their sypathies is
exhibited to the best advantage In this
attractive story of social and domestic
life. Her intimate acquaintance with an-
tipodean scenes and happenings is shown
in her adroit use of local color."
Appleton's Guide-Book to
Alaska.
By Miss E. R. SCIDMORE. Revised
edition, Including an account of the
Klondike. Flexible cloth, with Maps
and Illustrations, $i.co.
"Crowded with statistical, historical, eth-
nological and purely itinerary Informa-
tion, and so handy in form that it can be
heartily recommended to all intending
travelers to this great and noble terri-
tory."— The Critic.
These books are for sale by all booksellers;
or they will be sent by mail on receipt of
price by the publishers.
D. APPLETON AND COMPANY,
72 F!?th Avenue, New York.
Presidio. Captain Dasher becomes the
post commander at Alcatraz.
Company C, commanded by Captain
George Duncan, and Company "G, in com
mand of Captain W. H. Cook, both of the
First Battalion, will, on or before next
Saturday, go to Benicla.
Company F, under Captain Lucy, ex
pects to go to Santa Cruz before the end
of the week to perform duty at the pow
der works.
The rest of the companies of the Sixth
California Volunteers expect to be paid
off on July 1. on which date- they will have
two months" pay coming to them. It will
take quite- a large sum of money to pay
them. The visit of ■ the paymaster Is
looked forward to with a great deal of
pleasure. Pome of the boys will have
money to burn and propose to celebrate
the event.
Was in the Manila Fi cht
Another San Franciscan who particl-
I pated in the fight at Manila Bay has been
i heard from. Edward Johnson, formerly
I a pupil in the school of engineering here,
; but now one of the crew of the cruiser
! Baltimore, has written to a friend under :
I date of May 5, in which he says the bat
; tie was simply a slaughter of Spaniards.
Johnson does not attempt to describe the ,
fight; he says that would be impossible
ADVERTISEMENTS.
88 88 88 88 88 88 Si 88 88 58 88 88 88 88 S2 8S SS 8888 888888888888838888888888888888 88.8888
.* ■, . 88
i Strong as Any Man Now. !
88 O J 88
88 88
55 Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Makes a Remarkable §
S3 Cure in Two Months. 'Vss
*° /T*?V He filled his nerves with* the fire **
SS WSuiC'M «m. of life every night for two months, 88
88 Vffl&ift^flßßg^ gradually building up his vitality, J5
c» Y,.\^:^d6i^l3^ Every day he grew stronger, and c»
It ' «^ now he is full of youth, full of „
*° J^» 6^- il energy-, a strong and vigorous ♦*
1 .J^^^zrlß Read What He Says : %
S2 /f~ V&*' y*^^^^/^S ' CHICO, Cal.. June 4. 1898. . : . ■j~
oa /it ci A ' -'^J'/S DR - SANDEX— Sir: Over two 88
*" [\\ vvS-/ y/\ -~—xG?hy /-O' months ago I purchased one of your £•
;• Voo&^vV f \\"V->-^"2£r" V'J. . Klectric Belts. I ■ have ■ worn it re<ru- *°
r xS^^y /f^^-^TV <^ larly since then, and it ha! cured me of 88
iS • I " t i W^v \ >5^ vital weakness of three years' standing. cw
o* *"~ «i~ yJmJi ' vyy'A - ; - ::^ It nas made me as well and strong as a *3
•° ••" -!:^s^i fr//«i \<?/'\ si -* person need be. Before purchasing the o»
•8 ' ' /"<scSeSssN{/*:/7 WA -g^r Belt I was not able to do much work.
*?55S§S<S>J;/:*7 - :; c^'^i=Y<A-^=r Now I can do as much as any other 88
•5 - ! . /^^SiT^TiA^-- man. Tou are at liberty to use this c*
o» Pr£xSS?iBKSJ'IJ testimony as you desire. Will answer •»
"° J^r-^'l*^^¥&*= rr ~ _ . "^— ' . all letters Inclosing postage. Yours re- »
88 <ZZ~Z£Z3 '.3* ' . spectfully. JAMES WRIGHT. -I~
a Read "Three Classes of Men." ss
25 This is a grand book, written by Dr. Sanden for weak men, and SS
o. all men suffering from the failure of vitality in any organ of the body. 88
!« It is full of joyous news to weak men. It is free. Try Dr. Sanden'a gj
•^ Electric Belt if you are weak. Call or address ' , 7 'j g,
\ SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. * - IMPORTANT NOT|CE * I
§ 702 Market Btr«t. Corner Geary. San Franci.o,. I 111 n I Mil I NUTIbL g
88 Office hours— a. m. to Bp. m.; Sundays, W Dr. Ganden'B offices 88
m to l. Branches at Los Angeles Cal., 204H- •--"» are now at 702 Market 88
• 3 Broadway: Portland. Or., 2u3 Washington St.; K tri>»t rnrrp-r foorv
i 3 Denver, Colo.. Ml Sixteenth St.; Dallas. Tex.. - Street, corner ueary. j.
-^ 283 Alain st. • * * r»
Si Ti 5* ti zi ** '* %*«***»n ** * ; ** * : * : ' :> * *innx!2nt2&BSiZ2t*ziZ2Zinn'&
GOLD PICK LINE
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO., AGENTS,
609 MARKET STREET,
Beg to announce that in consequence of their having chartered the steamer
MORGAN CITY
to the Government they have decided to substitute the
in her place in th« Alaskan trade. The HUMBOLDT has been the favorite steam-
ship running between this port and Dyea and Skaguay this season, having made
the quickest run without accident or detention.
THE HUMBOLDT
Will be dispatched from CLAY STREET WHARF at 3 o'clock on
TUESDAY, a"crisrE 14,
and will connect at St. Michael with the GAMECOCK and STAGHOUND and other
river boats. The GAMECOCK and STAGHOUND are the moat beautifully ap-
pointed river steamers in the trade. ,'i^"~".»- „■,„,.„ , .
Passengers holding tickets on the Steamer MORGAN CITY are requested to
call at our Market Street Passenger Office and exchange them for tickets on the
HUMBOLDT.
i For freight and passage apply to the
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO., T l
609 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO; 112 YESLER WAY, SEATTLE.
Going to the County?
Take a KODAK with you. It'? records |
will recall pleasant incidents of your vaca-
tion. Kodaks, $5 00, $35 00.
Also Poco, Prvm.. ima otucr Cameras— ss 00,
$50 00.
Catalogues on application.
OPTICiANS^^c^RATu,
642 Market St. instruments
uno:R C^OMiCvt BuiiOiNb '
PRESS CLUB,
123 Ellis Street.
RED CROSS BENEFIT.
EXHIBITION, AND SALE OF SKETCHES
BY LOCAL ARTISTS AND ART
STUDENTS. /. \
SATURDAY, JUNE 11,
. : From 2to 5 and Btollp. m. ._
|tf2s!pß. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
fJa^Tfifi Five hundred reward for any case
DM ■■¥■ we cannot cure. This secret remedy
:Jj ; '■■' B stops all' losses in 24 hours, cures
|H2 Hfl Kmlsslons, Impotency, Varlcocele,
Rffl KWI Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
Wiii X,]. Lost Manhood and all wasting- ef-
IBflra H/ftS fects of Felf-abuse or excesses. Sent
HSkKSSH sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, itj, gruar- '.
ant^ed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN- i
STITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073 1 ,4 Market St.. S. F. All pri- .
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
ParU, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FJOUOER A & CO.
. '.' ■■•;-;: • ALL !>::' ' •..-■■
** ififffßKir^V" rHI "'* *• ls ft non-poi«>nou»
. ><*^my»MlP*"* l *l>>i V 3 remedy for .• Gonorrhoea,
Ag9arCCllF,t>*wti C ; l(>ft, Spcrtnatorrh«a,
SgSßf in 1 toid«yj.\« Whitos, unnatural dii-
SBBlm Oa&raotrc'd a[ chargc-B, or any inflamma-
K«1 not to stricture. tion, irritation .or ulcera-
tp 'BPrtrenu ooBt»cion. tion of mucous mem-
RSITHEEvAMSCHEMimnn. Cranes. Non-aatringent.
VgjtciNCISNUTI.O HI Sold b^ »ruß3rl«*«- '
• OHk tt a . jKm or seat In plain wrapper,
J&mbtJ? a. *-^am i,y express, prepaid, for
**%/tEßfah. mn «»^Otl ■ $1.00, or 3 bottle*, %2.1b.
'•^^j^BS^v' ™ Circular s^nt ou reuuesi.
for him to do. It took but a short time
for Dewey's fleet to destroy eleven ves
sels, capture the Spanish navy yard and
force an unconditional surrender. He
advises all his friends to join the army
and shoot Spaniards.
ARTILLERY TROOPS.
The United States Artillery troops now
being concentrated at the Presidio under
Major Hess, preparatory to embarkation
for the Philippines within the next few
days, are doing some good and hard work
in drill and otherwise getting in tine trim
for the long voyage.
The camp at the Presidio has been
named Camp Miller In honor of Brigadier
Genera! Miller, formerly colonel of the
regriment, who is now In command of the
First Brigade of the Independent Divis
ion of tlio Philippine Expeditionary
Forces, as It has Been officially desig
nated.
The Third Artillery will be fully re
cruited up to the limit of 200 men to each
battery. There are now at Cajiip Miller
682 officers and men. the enlisted men
numbering 59a. The batteries are G , H ,
L and X of the regulars and A and B of
the First Battalion of California, United
States Artillery Volunteers. Battery X,
In command of" Captain Hobbs. arrived in
the afternoon from Alcatraz IsJand.
STATEmEINT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIR 6
OF THE
FIDELITY AND GASDALTY
COMPANY
OF New Tork. in the State of New York,
on the 31st day of December. A, D. 1897.
and for the year ending on that day, as made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and CU of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the commli-
Bioiier:
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash $ 160.000 08
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $ 588,441 7S
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,649,162 GO
Cash in company's office 35.501 00
Cash In banks 85.019 71
Interest accrued on all stocks and
loans 2.018 67
Rents accrued 1,640 80
Premiums In due course of collection 400.221 5C
Reserve reinsurance deposit (cash In
company's possession) 21,495 43
Total assets $2,790.580 57
LIABILITIES.
Losses known or estimated, proofs
not filed * 15,470 07
Losses In process of adjustment or in
susviense 105.252 45
Losses resisted, $301,475 of which is
for the insured 328,443 67
Gross premiums on risks running one
year or less, ja.559.874 16: reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 1, 429.937 M
Gross premiums on risks running
more than one year. $296,917 34; re-
Insurance pro rata 162,9«0 9S
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 25,697 00
Total liabilities $2,077,991 13
INCOME.
Net ca?h actually received for pre-
miums $2,944,243 1»
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 66.240 IS
Received for rents 68.212 18
Received for profit on assets sold.. 11.862 59
Total Income $3,050.5«0 15
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for losses $1,453.60113
Dividends to stockholders 45,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 783,924 04
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 131,1*7 11
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 50,231 1J
All other payments and expenditures 480,165 37
Total expenditures $2,923.949 38
GEO. F. SfTWARD, President.
ROUT. .T. lIILLAR. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 3d
day of February. ISPs.
E. A. RABENER, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
S. G. PARDEE, Manager and Attorney,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDINO.
San Francisco. California.
56
THURSDAY JUNE 8, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 186 S.
(EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE CAN* FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) la
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cent* a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. ______
THE WEEKLY CALL One yeor, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE »08 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rift to Hence
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advert!. ln* Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- ZB7 Hayes street, open until
9-.30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
O'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENT*
Columbia " The New Domlion "
Baldwin— Every afternoon and eveninfc
Alcazar— "The Master of Ceremonlo*.
Morosco's— "The Cotton King
Tlvoll— "An American Hero."
Orpheum- Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
Olympla— Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Recreation Park— Baseball this afternoon.
6utro* Baths— Swimming,
El Campo— enncinp. to.itinsr. flshlnp, every Sunday.
Press Clnb— Sale of sketches for the benefit of the Red Cross
Society, Saturday, June 11. from 3 to 5 and 8 to 11 P. M.
AUCTION SAI-iiS.
By H. H Re«l-ThlB day, June a. Oriental Rngn, at 108 Grant
•venue, at 3 o'clock.
By Frank W. Butt#rfleld-Friday. June 9, Furniture, at
Octavia street, near Sutter, at 11 o'clock.
GIVING THE NEWS.
IN its career as a newspaper The Call has avoided
the habit of boasting. Sometimes there has arisen
a necessity for exposing the idle claims of some
so-called rival, but ordinarily this paper prefers to go
on its way, letting the people judge it by its merits.
Now it feels that in all modesty and justice it may
direct attention to itself.
Yesterday morning the papers of this city appeared
with accounts of the battle of Manila. These ac
counts were not new. True, they were by eye-wit- i
nesses, but weeks ago The Call had published a story |
by an eye-witness, a man who had stood on the bridge ■
of the CMympia with Dewey, had taken notes during
the hottest of the fighting, and when the clouds of i
smoke lifted snapshots at the shifting scenes. The
story had then been beautifully and artistically set
forth, cabled to The Call, and was the first authentic
account of the triumph of Dewey's fleet. The ac
count was printed, and appreciated. So decisive a
journalistic victory was it that a yellow contemporary,
rather than have nothing to balance it, printed a fake
story made up from the vagrant notes of a man who ;
was there as the correspondent of a Chicago daily,
and on a non-combatant ship.
Note the sequel. Three men arrive in this port
fresh from Manila. Two of them have a story to sell.
the same old story, less well told than The Call had
already told it. They open negotiations, and one of
them is asked if during the fight he had observed a
correspondent named Stickney.
"Did I observe him?" he answers. "The coolest
man in the engagement."
"Well," he is informed, "Stickney was there for The
Call."
"Oh," he replies, "if you have Stickney's story there
is nothing more we can tell you."
So the other papers bought the peddled yarns, not
having had the truth before, and The Call kept on
about its business of presenting news. One of its
anxious contemporaries devoted a page to a voyage
to Honolulu — a voyage neither more exciting nor un
usual than a trip to Oakland — while to the old,
familiar tale of Manila it gave two pages. Yet neither
of them published the important news that there had
been a fight between the Spanish and the insurgents
at the Philippine capital, and that about the gates of
the city the bodies of the dead were strewn. Why
did they overlook this ?
The answer is easy. They were ready to print such
matter as might be brought to them, regardless of its
age. They were not willing to reach out aftfr real
news. They did not have a correspondent "on the
spot." They were content to print stale information
and try to make the public think it new.
This is only one of many instances in which The
Call has had to blaze the way for its slower contem
poraries. It does so willingly. It does not begrudge
them the honor of following a good example. But
when they follow it so far in the rear, and with a blare
of trumpets announce themselves at the head of the
procession, conscience compels us to file a demurrer.
They are at one end of the procession, but it is not the
head.
Spain has been congratulating herself upon the
achievements at Santiago in the same warm fashion
which sheadopted after the splendid victory she did not
get at Manila. She has the glorious optimism of the in
dividual who, in describing a scrimmage in which he
had participated, said of his antagonist: "I was too
much for him. I got my hair in his hands and my
nose between his teeth, and the fight had to end."
Spain has granted "unlimited" powers to the bom
bastic Governor of the Philippines, a circumst?nce
showing unwarranted confidence both in the Gov
ernor and her own ability. The time when Spain
had authority to set any limits expired more than a
month ago.
If the American troops find the insurgent leader
established as dictator in the Philippines General
Merritt will have a problem to deal with of which the
Government does not seem to have taken account.
When the daughter of General Grant is to marry
a Confederate soldier the necessity for remarking that
the war is over has vanished so completely that not
even a campaign orator will have the nerve to use it.
When Spain shall have lost Cuba, Porto Rico and
the Philippines there is no reason to doubt that it will
continue to make a show of rejoicing over its tri
umphs. Spain seems to need a keeper.
Sampson, Schley and Dewey are all alike in respect
of having no time to waste on words. They are about
as reticent a trio as ever had control of the business
end of a cable.
The murderer of Lieutenant Burke declares him
self dissatisfied with a penalty of life imprisonment
Others feel the same way. What are the gallows for,
anyhow?
ANNEXATION AND THE SUGOR TRUST.
T"HE Post says that "the sugar trust desires cheap
raw sugar. * * Place the Hawaiian Islands
in the same relation to the United States as
other foreign countries and the raw sugar product
of the islands would contribute to cheapen the raw
material, but by reason of the $39 per ton protection
would not endanger the domestic price of the refined
article. For this reason the sugar trust opposes an
nexation of the islands."
This is in answer to our request for a statement of
any reason for the repeated declaration that the sugar
trust opposes annexation.
Hawaiian raw sugar now comes to this country free
of duty, under the reciprocity treaty. If the islands
were placed in the same relation to us as other coun
tries, then raw sugar would pay a duty of $19 per
ton. Perhaps the Post can tell how this increase in
its cost would make it cheaper to the sugar trust.
That association of refiners gets it now free of duty.
If the islands are annexed it will still be free of duty.
If the reciprocity treaty is abrogated it will cost $19
a ton more than now. It is true that annexation of
the islands would abolish the $39 per ton differential
duty on refined sugar, which would mean only the
transfer by the sugar trust of the business of refining
to the islands, provided the much cheaper labor there
would offset increased cost of fuel and other inci
dents of the refining business.
It will be seen that the sugar trust, then, has no
interest against annexation, and would probably be
more helped than hurt by it.
The Post's article is really an argument against the
differential duty on sugar. It is intended to show
that the duty of $19 'per ton on raw sugar is not*
enough protection to American raw cane and beet
sugars, while $39 per ton on refined sugar is too much
protection. That is a legitimate and proper subject
of discussion. The Democratic Wilson tariff of 1894
gave a differential of 40 per cent ad valorem and
one-eighth of a cent a pound in favor of refined supar.
The real sum of the differential was the difference be
tween that and the 40 per cent ad valorem placed on
raw sugar. The differential in the Wilson bill may
have been too low and that in the Dingley bill may
be too high, but that has nothing to do with the an
nexation of Hawaii. There is involved a large sugar
interest, but it is represented by the island planters,
who fear the impermanence of the reciprocity treaty
and who seek therefore to secure the benefit of $19
a ton protection on their raw sugar by annexation, j
The interest antagonistic to them is represented by
the American producers of raw cane and beet sugars,
who have to pay their labor the white scale of wages,
while the Hawaiian planters pay the yellow scale of
wages. To the Hawaiian planter, with cheap labor, 1
protection of $19 a ton means $38, because his labor
cost of production is only half the cost to the Ameri
can planter.
The sweetening in the annexation issue is exclu
sively at the Hawaiian end of it, and the attempt is
made to lure American planters and American labor
by an appeal to prejudice against the American sugar
trust.
THE COMING CZAR MAYOR.
THERE seems to be a general misapprehension
on the part of the people and the politicians as
to the time for taking effect of the new charter.
The idea which prevails is that the Mayor to be
elected in November will in some way or another
turn out as the potentate created by the instrument.
Great preparations are being made for the ensuing
mayoralty campaign in consequence, and in all dis
cussions which cover municipal politics the question
who is or who is not to be a candidate for Mayor
this ye;ir is uppermost.
As a matter of fact, however, the new charter Mayor
will not appear upon the scene until December, 1899.
The instrument will come before the Legislature in
January next for ratification, and if ratified it will go
into effect for all purposes, except as to the Mayor's
appointments, immediately. A municipal election in
1899 is provided for. In that year the Board of Elec
tion Commissioners elected in November next will
carry on registration and do all the things which they
are now authorized to do by law. At the election in
November. 1899, all the officials to be chosen by the
people under the new charter will then be chosen,
but for the purpose of making the appointments con
ferred upon the Mayor by the instrument, and as to
the qualifications of the persons so appointed, the
charter does not go into operation until the Ist day
of December, 1899.
The effect of this is to postpone the creation of a
Lord Mayor until the second election. In other
words, the Mayor elected in November this year will
serve under the consolidation act but one year, and
the terms of all the officers chosen this year will be
shortened — the four year officers by three years, and
the two year officers by one year. The Mayor chosen
in JB9B will have nothing whatever to do under the
new charter. The Mayor chosen in 1899, however,
will make his appointments in December of that
year and with the officials so appointed enter upon
the administration of the government on the Ist of
January, 1900.
Except as a stepping-stone to greater powers, there
fore, the election of a Mayor this year will be insig
nificant. Perhaps the individual chosen may do
something during his short term to improve his
chances for the more important office, but otherwise
he will be simply Mayor under the consolidation act
for one yeai.
SPRINGING TriE TROP.
THE War Department as a matter of course
keeps its own counsel. It does not issue bulle
tins announcing what it intends to do. It is there
j fore not possible to declare positively what will be
'■ the course of action during the present week, but all
I signs point to the conclusion thru our army will make
the descent upon Cuba in force and that the trap
which has long been prepared for the Spaniards on
the island will be sprung and the prey seized.
With Cervera blocked in the bay at Santiago, and
i the much talked of Cadiz fleet still on the other side
i of the ocean, there is no apparent reason why the
; army assembled at Tampa and other Gulf ports should
I not go forward at once. We may reasonably look for
! a forward movement along the whole line. The
! week therefore will probably be an exciting one, and
' possibly the most critical of the war.
It is no longer questionable that we can at any time
our military authorities deem advisable take posses
sion of Porto Rico and so closely invest Havana as
to render Cuba virtually ours. Cervera can do noth
ing to help Blanco and Blanco can do as little to as
sist Cervera. They are effectually separated and shut
off from each other. Our forces can assail them in
detail if they choose or attack both at the same time,
for we are strong enough to make the double assault
with safety and success.
If we were in conflict with any other nation than
Spain this situation of the checkerboard of war
would imply a speedy close to the contest. We are
masters of all the strategic points and have over
whelming forces in every place where thjre is a pos
sibility of battle. Spain can do nothing but make a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JTJXE 9, 1898.
hopeless, sullen struggle against certain defeat. She
possesses, however, just the kind of people who are
likely to make that kind of a struggle. Recognizing
that her colonial possessions are irretrievably lost,
and that the chances of every battle will be against
her, she is still capable of fighting for the mere gratifi
cation of hatred until we send a fleet to her coasts
and possibly until we land an army on her soil.
If the descent upon the islands is made in force it
is safe to say that from that time forward the war will
be carried on with swift aggressiveness. The rainy
season has begun in the West Indies and the hot
summer is at hand. It would never do to leave our
soldiers lingering at this season either in Cuba or in
Porto Rico for any length of time. It would be an
economy of life to make the fighting short and sharp
and to assail the enemy in his lines as rapidly as we
could come at them. It is this condition of affairs
that makes the week critical and gives a thrilling
interest to every item of news from the front. We
are evidently on the eve of battles, and the decisive
action of the war may occur at any time.
THE POLICE AND THE POOLROOMS
AT the meeting of the directors of the Merchants'
Association on Tuesday there was read a com
munication from Chief of Police Lees inclos
ing reports from Captains Wittman and Spillane
to the effect that no poolrooms selling pools on
horse-racing exist in this city, they being now situated
at Oceanside, San Mateo County, and Sausalito,
Marin County, where they have licenses and arc sell
ing pools on Eastern races.
The statements of the communication are gratify
ing. When The Call began its crusade against the
poolrooms it was met by the assertion that the law
was defective and that the police could not suppress
the evil. When The Call by insistent urging induced
the police to make an effort to suppress the rooms
it was found that even where law was good enough
a* second objection presented itself. The juries would
not convict. On that ground the police again ceased
to act, and once more the crusade had to be under
taken and fought from the start.
Each of the objections assigned by the police
authorities for their failure to put an end to the traffic
of the illicit poolrooms was to a certain extent valid.
The law is so complex in its provisions that it is diffi
cult to obtain convictions under it. Also several ac
cused partes charged with violating the law were ac
quitted under circumstances which justified the fear
that Police Court juries were prejudiced against it
and would not bring in verdicts of conviction.
Against all these obstacles, however, The Call was
sanguine that victory could be obtained if the fight
was kept up with vigor and tireless persistence. It be
gan anew the crusade and published the facts about the
poolrooms. It exposed the temptations the managers
in such rooms put in the way of boys and of women.
The full extent of the scandal and the shame
of the trade were made known. Then the
Merchants' Association joined with The Call and
gave its potent help in the fight for law
against the corrupt forces that defiantly violated it
without even a pretense at concealment.
From the reports inclosed in the communication of
the Chief of Police to the Merchants' Association it
appears that victory has been accomplished at last.
The law has been enforced and for the present at any
rate it seems there are no poolrooms run openly in
Jhis city. The illicit pool-sellers have removed to
other counties, and it is for the authorities of those
localities to deal with them. Now it remains to be
seen how long we can keep the city free from the evil
it has taken such a long fight to suppress.
The Merchants' Association should not lose sight
of the subject now that it has helped to build up that
resolute public opinion which has so effectively aided
the police in maintaining the law. The pool-sellers
will come back as soon as they think the storm has
blown over. Vigilance on ihepart of the police and the
Merchants' Association, as well as^on the part of The
Call, is needed from this time on. We have cleaned
the city of the nefarious traffic. Let us keep it clean.
SflN FRANCISCO" AND Th|E WAR.
IN response to a telegram from Senator Perkins
suggesting that the Chamber of Commerce in this
city protest against the dispatch of the Monterey,
the Monadnock and all other armored vessels from
this coast, the chamber, through its president, Hugh
Craig, sent back this ringing reply: "We protested
on the 1 2th of April. In the meantime Dewey has
acquired for California a new outlet for our ener
gies, employment for our shipping, business for our
merchants, and opened a colonizing future for Amer
icans beyond our most ardent expectations, and we of
San Francisco will hold nothing back which may be
of service to the administration, even to our
jeopardy."
All San Francisco and all California will indorse
that reply. It gives clear and emphatic utterance to
the fervent patriotism of the people. Even if the
dispatch of the warships should leave us in greater
danger than we are likely to be, the great mass of our
people would still bid the ships godspeed in their
going to the front. California is fighting in this war.
She expects to stand her share of the danger as well
as to have her share of the glory. Her people yj\<- i
prompt and unquestioning support to the military
and naval authorities in the conduct of the war. Let
the call be for ships, men or money, the city arid Ihe
State will respond at once.
The Eastern States have to some extent hampered
the conduct of the campaign in the West Indies by
demanding that a portion of our fleet in the Atlantic
should be left to guard the coast of New England and
Middle Atlantic States. Fortunately our navy is
sufficiently superior to that of Spain to permit leaving
one or two ships off the northern coast without weak
ening too much the fleet that is to do the fighting in
the West Indies. Had this not been so the protests
of Boston and New York against the massing of the
whole navy at the point of danger might have com
promised our chances of success in battle. Even as
it is the course taken in those cities has not been one
to which they point with pride, and it is gratify
ing that San Francisco has not followed the example.
In times of war every citizen is more or less of a
combatant and owes something of a soldier's unques
tioning loyalty and obedience to orders. What the
Government directs to be done should be done with
out protest. The nation would be weak as a rop.e
of sand if in times of danger every State should look
out for itself and insist on keeping troops and war
ships to protect its own borders instead of sending
them to meet the common foe at the point the com
mander-in-chief selects. That course was followed
by New England in 1812. and the result was disastrous
along our whole northern border. The Chamber of
Commerce is right: "San Francisco will hold nothing
back which may be of service to the administration,
even to our jeopardy."
That the charter of the Centennial has been can
celed is cheering news. When the Government can
not get seaworthy craft to carry its soldiers they
would better be left at home.
Naval promotions are being criticized adversely by
the officers who have not received thera-
HOW THE SOLDIERS' MAIL LOOKS. !
<
SOLDIERS have a special mail serv
ice privilege. When they mail a let
ter without postage, the postage will
not be rated up, as is usually done,
but the letter will be forwarded with
postage due at single rate only, to be col
lected on delivery. The section of the pos
tal laws and regulations relating to this
matter says:
"Letter written by officers, commission
ed or non-commissioned, and privates in
the military, naval or marine service of
the United States, to be transmitted un
paid, must be plainly marked 'Soldier's
letter,' 'Sailor's letter' or 'Marine's letter,"
as the case may be, and signed thereun
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
W. R. Clarkeof Stockton is at the Bald
win.
11. Thorpe of Sacramento Is at the
Grand.
H. 1,. La Rue of Sacramento is at the
Occidental.
Judge John M. Fulweiler of Auburn is
at the Lick.
Samuel Rooker of San Jose is stopping
at the Palace.
Senator B. F. Langford of Stockton is
at the Palace.
A. AY. Butts of Angels is stopping at
the Occidental.
Ben Stelnman, ex-Mayor of Sacramento,
is at the Palace.
The insignia of
rank and the
esoteric • signifi
cance of epaulette
adornments ■ : are
subjects th a t
have received
much study on
the part of the laity since the advent of
Jhe war and the mobilization of troops
in this city for the Philippine expedition.
The meaning of bars, leaves, eagles and
stars seems now to be a matter of gen
eral knowledge. But the other day Gen
eral Crlttenden, whose military fame
dates from the Mexican war, In which he
attained the rank of captain, and who
afterward reached the rank of brigadier
general In the war of the rebellion, came
in contact with an epaulette which even
he could not decipher. The general,
formerly noted for his strict enforcement
of discipline and all the forms that per
tain to war, whether it be a matter of
military dress or ceremonious conduct,
was sitting in his office discussing with
Judge Thornton the momentous questions
of the day when a member of the Army
of Christ walked in with a bundle of
War Cries under his arm. Patronage was
solicited, and the general was about to
purchase a batch of papers, when his eyes
fell on the shoulder straps of the peace
ful warrior and he saw three stars on a
ground of red. Following out the military
formula for such things the general de
ciphered the epaulettes to mean the rank
of lieutenant general of artillery, an Im
possible thing. The peace dealing disciple
of the Army of Christ was questioned as
to the signflcance of his straps, and he
replied that he was a lieutenant general
of artillery. That settled his business
prospects In a moment, as far as General
Crittenden was concerned. Both parties
were ready to make the exchange. The
hero of -two, wars had the money in his'
hand and the saver of souls the papers
ready for transference, but the bargain
Cama to a sudden end. The general re
fused to patronize a man that could com
mit Buch a breach of military correctness.
It was with a sad face that the lieuten
ant general of artillery walked out of the
oflloe, and lie was hoard to murmur some
thing about the flintlness of the human
heart. General Crittenden said some sweet
things about high-titled commanders, and
then began to explain to Judge Thorn
ton why DeWey was a great man.
THE
TITLE THAT
FAILED.
A. C. Bnyder and family are stopping
;it tln> Lick House,
('. \V. [Todorwood, the woll-known mail
OOntractor, Is at the Grand.
Charles King, a cattleman from Han
ford, Is a guest at the Liok.
William Niles of Los Angeles will re
main at the Palace while in the city.
James McCuddon and Miss McCudden
of Vallejo are guests at the Baldwin.
M. Lohman and K. Oltmann, globe-trot
ters and Journalists, are visiting this city.
Claude Rutter, Assistant United States
Fish Commissioner, is at the Grand
Hotel.'
Jarrett T. Richards, a well-known at
torney of Santa Barbara, arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
STUMPY GREAT MEN.
Socrates was stumpy, also St. Paul and
Alexander the Great, great only as a
warrior.
>■ In stature both he and his far more in
tellectual- father, Philip of Macedon 1
scarce reached middlo height. In this re
gard we may rank them with the famous
Spartan general, Agesilaus; ; with < Attila
the. "scourge of God"— broad-shouldered^
thickset,- sinewy, short; with Theodore
11, King of the Goths, of whom Casaio
doruß writes.; "He is rather short than
tall, somewhat stout, with shapely limbs
alike lithe and strong." —
Actius, too, commander-in-chief of the
Roman troops and prop of the totterinu'
Roman empire in the days of Valentin
lan, was a man of low stature ■ therein
resembling ; Timour the ; Tartar, self-de
scribed as a "puny, lame, decrepit little
wight, though lord of Asia and : terror \ of
the world"; also the great Conde and his
Pigmy, contemporary, . Marshal Luxem
bourg, nicknamed "The Little" by ■ those
who admired him for making Louis XIV
Louis the Great, who, by the by. less his
high-heeled >•:■ shoes r and - towering wie
dwindles to about five : feet six Inches. bl
-But even thus pared down to the inches
jjature eav* him. w« «» A niaxxt oa<u
der with his name and official designation
by a field or staff officer, post or detach
ment commander to whose command the
soldier belongs, or by a surgeon or chap
lain at a hospital where he may be; and
In the navy and marine service by the
officer in command of the vessel, or sur
geon on board, or officer commanding
naval hospital or detachment on shore.
"Letters so certified will be forwarded
charged with postage due at single rates
only-, to be collected on delivery."
As yet comparatively few of the men
already in the field have availed them
selves of this privilege, possibly because
they have taken postage stamps with
them, but many of them know little about
the postal regulations.
pared with Sir Francis Drake and with
Admiral Keppel— "Little Keppel," as ev
ery sailor in the fleet fondly dubbed him
from pure love and admiration.
When Keppel— a commodore at 24— was
sent to demand an apology from the Dey
of Algiers for an insult "to the British
flag, he took so high a tone that the Dey
exclaimed against the insolence of the
British king for charging a "beardless
boy" with such a message to him. Re
plied the heartless boy: "Were my mas
ter wont to take length of beard for a
test of wisdom he'd have sent your Dey
ship a he-goat."
Oliver Cromwell, Claverhouse and Me
hemet All must be content to take it out
in brains, for they all lacked inches. Two
of these great names naturally suggest
that of another famous soldier and usur
per, Napoleon Bonaparte. "Le Petit Cap
oral," as his men lovingly called him,
stood about 5 feet (French) in his stock
ings, say 5 feet 1% inches (English).
In stature the Iron Duke beat him about
six inches, while the 5 feet 4 inches of
Nelson places him midway or thereabouts
between the victor and the victim of
v\ aterloo.— London Spare Moments.
DISLIKED THE GUTTAB.
He stood beneath her window and he
twanged his gay guitar;
Oh, It was a plaintive ditty that he
sang;
He referred unto the maiden as his ra
diant guiding star.
And the sash at length was opened with
a bang.
The maiden stuck her head out and sur
veyed the scene below;
Her lace was dark with anger and her
( lips curled in a sneer:
'Get out," she madly shouted; "take
your old guitar and go!
We want no Spanish monkey business
here! '—Chicago News.
JRATEFUL NEBRASKA WOMEN.
Editor San Francisco Call: Will you
kindly grant space in the columns of your
paper to the membeFs of C. C. Washburn
Relief Corps No. 96 to express ever so
faintly some of the gratitude we feel for
the women of our sister State, to the Red
Cross Society, the King's Daughters, the
\\ omans Relief Corps and whoever else
it was that gave our boys, the First Reg
iment of Nebraska Volunteers, such a
glorious welcome? Especially are we in
terested in Company M, for they are our
boys, and when they left us heartbroken
and in tears we felt desolate. But soon
the loyal loving noble women of SanFran
clßCO showed us the boys belonged not
only to us, but to their country as well,
and gave them their welcome aa the de
fenders of our national honor. And such
they are. Proudly they marched away at
their country's call. Nobly will they de
fend its honor and will return to make it
more holy because blood has been shed in
a righteous cause and in defense of its
dear old flag. But ever in their hearts
and ours that feeling of gratitude and
love will remain because of the many
deeds of loving kindness shown them by
you. Accept the heartfelt thanks of our
relief corps offered you in the spirit of
fraternity, charity and loyalty, and may
God's best blessing rest on you and yours.
MRS. CALISTA GRANT,
Press Correspondent.
Broken Bow, Neb., June 2, IS9B.
SUGGESTED TO THE BANDS.
Editor San Francisco Call: Could you
not suggest through the columns of your
widely circulated paper that the many
bands in camp with our troops at Camp'
Merritt give us a little music? They have
some very good bands and we all enjoy
music, and it seems to me that no more
fitting return could be made for the many
courtesies the troops have received, for
the bands to join together and play alter
nately every evening between 8 and 9
clock. It would enliven the camp and
vSit or . enJOyment tO the many night"?
I am presuming, of course, that th
bands are not hedged in by red tape or
strictly military rules. v or
San Francisco. June- 3B3 B i BTANFOKD'8 TANFOKD '
HOBSON AT ANNAPOLIS.
Remarkable Incident in the Career
of the Hero of Santiago.
San Diego Sun.
The exploit of Lieutenant Hobson and
his associates at Santiago de Cuba Is
to-day the talk of the world, and In con
nection therewith allow me to relate an
incident of his life while he was a cadet
at the naval academy at Annapolis, which
shows the stuff he is made of.
It was, I believe, during the first year
he was there that some discreditable act
was committed by some one of his class.
He was accused of It, and although deny
ing it, the class believed him guilty, and
sent him to .Coventry," which means
that no one of the class would speak to
him or in any manner recognize
him farther than rules compelled. And
so for two long years the ban lasted. For
two years no one of his class spoke to
ii 1 vu m-m -* Only tnos e who are familiar with
the life at Annapolis academy can realize
the full significance of being consigned to
Coventry." For two years he drilled and
recited with his class, was intimately as
sociated with his fellows, and yet was
alone, ostracized.
After two years his class discovered
that he was not guilty, that at any time
during those awful two years he could
have restored himself by betraying the
guilty party, and that he did not do so
irom the very highest sense of honor.
When the facts came to be known to
the class the members were mortified be
yond description. They appointed a com
mittee to call on Cadet Hobson and lv.
the name of the class humbly apologize
for its behavior. .. . . „
He received the apology, thanked the
committee, and from that time on never
spoke to a member of .the class, until he
graduated at Its head. ■■'. ;
He had endured their silence for two
years and determined that he would to
Men do great and brave deeds upon sud
den occasions, but it is the staying qual
ity of true courage that days and months
and years can not weaken, that counts in
What power can prevail against a na
tion that has such men as Hobson and
his seven associate heroes to defend it
and -fight its .battle.^ BOWERS
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TO VALPARAISO— O. S., Oakland, Cal.
The distance from San Francisco to Val
paraiso according to the steamer track
chart is 5140 miles.
A DIME OF 1834— Subscriber, Berkeley,
Cal. A dime of 1834 is not one that is
called for by collectors of coins. They,
however, charge for such from 25 to 40
cents.
PORTUGUESE PAPER— F. "W., Eado
rla. Wash. There is a Portuguese paper
published in San Francisco. It Is a week
ly and is called "A Uniao Portugueza."
The office is at 525 Front street.
COPRA— D. J., San Jose, Cal. Copra is
the dried kernel of the cocoanut. In Poly
nesia the full-grown kernel is cut Into
slices, dried in the sun and sold as copra,
from which much of the palm oil of com
merce is extracted.
SADOWA— M. R. and others, City. At
the battle of Koniggratz, called the battle
of Sadowa, the Prussians had about 230,000
men and 800 guns; the Austrians had
about 185,000 and the same number of
guns. The Prussian loss was about 10,000
men, while the Austrian loss was 40,000
killed, 20,000 prisoners and the loss of 147
guns.
GETTYSBURG— M. R. and others, City.
The total number engaged in the battle
of Gettysburg was: Union army, 101,697;
Confederate, not less than 70,000. The
Union loss was: Killed, 3072; wounded,
14,497; captured or missing, 5434; total,
23,003. Confederates: K.iled, 2592: wound
ed, 12,709; captured or missing, 5150; total,
20,451.
HOTTEST AND COLDEST-H. A.,
Napa, Cal. The question, "In what years
did we, in California, have the hottest
and the coldest summer?" is one that
cannot be answered in a general way, as
the temperature is not the same the State
over. If you will name some particular
point about which you desire information
it will be furnished. The same applies as
to winter.
PASSPORTS— M. R., City. A citizen of
the United States who desires to travel
through Europe should be provided with
a passport; that document will save a
great deal of trouble to the traveler. Such
are obtained from the Department of
State at Washington, D. C, and are is
sued only to citizens by birth or by natu
ralization. "The application for such must
be on a form furnished by the department
to persons who apply for passports either
in person or by letter. The apnlication
must set forth if the applicant is native
born or naturalized or claims citizenship
by birth or by virtue of the naturalization
of father or husband.
CALIFORNIA'S GOVERNORS— S. A.
M., City. The following is a list of the
Governors of the State of California, to
gether with the date of election of each:
Peter H. Burnett, November 13, 1849; John
Bigler. September ?,. 1851; J. Neely John
son, September 5, 1855; John B. Weller,
September 2, 1557; Milton S. Latham, Sep
tember 7, 1859; Leland Stanford, September
4. 1861; Frederick F. Low, September 2,
1863; Henry H. Haight. September 4, 1567;
Newton Booth. September 6, 1871; William
Irwin. September 1. 1875: George C. Per
kins, September 3, 1879: George Stoneman,
November 7, 1£82; Washington Bartlett,
November 2, 1886; Henry H. Markham,
November 6, 1890; and James H. Budd.
November 6, 1894. There were also the
following Governors who were elected as
Vice-Governors: John McDougal, inaug
urated January 9, 1851, vice Burnett, re
elgned; John G. Downey, January 14. 1860,
vice Latham, elected United States Sen
ator; Romualdo Paeheco, February '11,
1875, vice Newton Booth, elected United
States Senator; R. W. Waterman, Jan
uary 8, 1887, vice Bartlett, deceased.
Finest eyeglasses, 15c, at 65 Fourth st. •
10 per cent discount to soldiers in uni
form. Send your absent friends a basket
or fire-etch box of Townsends California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb. 627 Palace Hotel bid.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Red Cross.
Parties having old papers of any de
scription will confer a favor by leaving
them at Red Cross headquarters, No. 16
Post street. •
TH_i FIRST PENSION.
The first application for a pension on
account of the Spanish war emanates
from Oshkosh, Wis. The applicant is Mrs.
William H. Hook, widow of a private who
died of stomach trouble at Camp Harvey.
Mrs. Hook is entitled to a pension of $13
a month under the act of July 14, 1862,
which awards that amount to childless
widows whose husbands die in the service
of the United States, after having been
duly enrolled. The record, as furnished
by Adjutant General Boardman, shows
that Hook was mustered into Company F,
Second Regiment, on Friday, was taken
sick on Saturday and died on Sunday,
May 15.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leava
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated in first
class Pullman cars; tickets will b« sold. In
cluding bertha, meals and trip through the
Park. Send for circular Riving rate and itiner
ary to T. K. 6TATELER. General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway, 63$ Market St.. S. F.
In the Cuban swamps a bottl* of Dr. Slegert'g
Angostura Bittern will do wonders to keep
your digestive organs in order.
HOLMES AND THE POEM.
Edward Everett Hale met Oliver W<?n
dell Holmes at Harvard. They were both
members of the Phi Beta Kappa, a society
that existed, as the speaker humorously
asserted, for the sake of having a dinner
once a year. Upon one of these occasions
Dr. Hale wrote to Dr. Holmes, urging him
to be present. Dr. Holmes wrote back
that he would not come. Dr. Hala re
plied:
"My dear Holmes, who said anything
about a poem? We don't want your
poems, but the boys would all be very
glad to see you, so I hope you will come."
Dr. Holmes retorted: "My dear Hale,
the Idea of my appearing at a Phi Beta
Kappa dinner without a poem ia ridicu
lous. Besides, 1 have one already half
written, and shall be much disappointed
if you won't let me read it."
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
The Royal is the highest grade baking powder
. known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third further than any other brand.
mm* ' ■ ■
f POWDER
Absolutely Pur©
L »OY«L >Aiqwa POWOEW CO., WgW YOWK. IMAGUIRE IS
NOT IN THE
RUNNING
May Not Be a Candi
date for Governor.
SOME SIGNIFICANT FACTS
PHELAN'S INTERESTS HAVE
BEEN INVOLVED.
Recent Occurrences That Seem to In
dicate That the Statesman Will
Ask to Be Returned to
Congress.
Has Congressman Maguire decided
to retire from the race for the nom
ination fur Governor on the Democratic
ticket?
This is the question that the shrewd
ones among the politicians of both par
ties are trying to solve. Ten days ago
the question had not even been sug
gested. The public had full faith in
the assertion that Maguire had burned
his bridges behind him and that if he
failed in his desire to win the place at
the head of the Democratic ticket he
would retire to private life and the con
templation of the many things he has
said and the few things he has done
during his career as a statesman.
To-day the aspect of the case is dif
ferent. Indc-ed, there are good grounds
for the belief that Maguire has decided
to remove his name from the list of
gubernatorial candidates and that he
will ask his party to aid in returning
him to Washington as Congressman
from the Fourth District. The morn
ing paper which assumes the doubtful
honor of being the mouthpiece of the
man who called American seamen pi
rates gave authoritative corroboration
n few clays ago to the alleged surrender
by Maguire of his cherished ambition
to become the Governor of the State of
California. In an editorial comment
ing on the indorsement of Maguire's
candidacy by a Democratic county
convention, the paper says:
The Tulare convention indorses Mp
Maguire for the Democratic nomination
: ivernor and instructs its represen
- in the Si utloo to support
him as lons as he ie a candidate. Whether
Mr. Maguire considers that he can serve
his Stat^ and himself best in Congress or
in the Governor's chair, this evidence that
the mud campaign that lias thus far been
waged against him has had no effect must
gratify his pride.
This, coming aB it were from Maguire
himpeir. is held as convincing proof
that the statesman has agreed with
himself to forego, f<>r the time being,
his determination to be Governor or
nothing. It is as if the Congressman
had said to the good Democrats of Tu
lare County:
"I thank you for your kindly expres
sion of fealty, and it may be that I will
avail myself of your votes. It all de
pends upon whether or not I decide to
again become a candidate for a seat in
< 'ongress.* 1
Tho expression of such a sentiment
as this, when considered in connection
with his many open and emphatic dec
larations that if he failed in his de
sire to secure the gubernatorial nomi
nation he would retire to private life.
Is open to but one construction. It is
that he has repented of his rash de
termination to achieve that what he
now finds is beyond his reach, and that
he will Boon surprise his friends with
the announcement that he believes his
duty to himself and his country de
mands that he return to the halls of
('•ingress as a humble representative
of the Fourth <"'ongres?ional District.
Th^ conditions that are to be held
accountable for this chanpe of heart are
plain to every one. Within the space
of a very fp\v weeks Maguire has
f<">und that instead of being a man of
the people with a popular following In
his own party, he Is. instead, a man
whopp scalp is sought f<>r by the Stntp
administration; a stumbling block In
the way of the soaring political ambi
tions of Mayor Phelan; an object of de
testation for all patriotic citizens who
resent his declaration that the brave
men of the American navy are pirates;
the ardent advocate of economic prin
ciples that are intended to saddle the
burden of taxation on worklngmen and
the • farming elapses. Besides these
things he has found that he must di
vide with Mayor Phelan the love and
support of the venal editor of the al
leged organ of the Democratic party — a
pupport that cannot be given to two
men, both of whom want to be the next
Governor of th<* State— and also that
all political authorities agree and the
recent election In Oregon proves that
this is to b^ a Republican year. Small
wonder that he should stand appalled
at the situation and conclude that he
"can serve his State and himself best"
by asking to be returned to Congress.
With Maguire out of the race the
gubernatorial aspirations of Phelan be
come Fomewhat formidable from the
standpoint of such oth^r Democrats as
would not be averse to accenting the
place at the head of th^ ticket. An
additional proof that the Mayor has
finally decided to attempt to climb to
the top of th<» political ladder is found
In the rumor that Andy Lawrence is
seeking the nomination for Lieutenant-
Governor. This ambition of Law
rence's is not tak^n seriously by any
one, with the possible exception of Phe
lan and Lawrencp himself. Should he
become a candidate for this or any
ofh^r office the fact would afford an
opportunity for the publication of his
record as an Assemblyman, a proceed
ing that would be Instructive, so far
as the public is concerned, but would
prove disastrous to the party with
Mhich his name is connected. It is not
Hkelv that the party leaders will so
far forget themselves as to commit po
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
m* c-ag DAWS CITY
And All Points on the Yukon River.
Elegant Steel «| FFI ANAW "
Steamship • ULhll*lAt\l *\ YY •
Positive Sailing From Howard-street Wharf No. 2
Saturday, June 11, 3 p. m.
First-Class Accommodations. Lowest Rates. Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
LIEBES BUILDING. 139 POST STREET. : ,
WILL BE MARRIED AT ST. DOMINIC'S
AN interesting wedding to be celebrat
ed at St. Dominic's on Wednesday
next will be that of Miss Mary The
resa Kelly and Edward J. Dollard.
Miss Kelly is the daughter of Mrs. An
nie Arthur Kelly and the late Michael
litical hara-kiri by permitting the use
of Lawrence's name in any position on
the State ticket.
Phelan would like to be Mayor un
der the new charter, but the charter
does not po into effect until 1900. Be- j
sides, there is the contingency that the
Legislature will refuse to ratify the j
city's proposed organic law. It is also j
probable that the Mayor fears that his
popularity will not stand the strain of
another two years as Mayor under the
present law. which has shown him to
be a poor judge of the "heft" of the
bags of coin in the city treasury. The
sudden resumption o-f the Mayor's
chase after gubernatorial honors rnrne*
at the same time as Maguire's relin
quishment of a like quest and Law
rence's reach for deputy executive hon.
ors. The details are lacking, but the
connection seems to be apparent.
IN HONOR OF
GEN. MERRITT
Miss Maitie Louise Horton
Weds Adam An'derson.
General Wesley Merritt'has been the
guest of honor at several delightful lin
ners during the past week. Among the
hosts who have delighted to do him honor
were Major Rathhone, J. B. Stetson and
i Jack Casserly. This evening the general
will be entertained at a dinner given by
Mayor Phelan at the Pacific Union Club,
at which covers will be laid for thirty.
On Monday evening, at her beautifully
appointed home, IS4O California street,
Mrs. William Willis gave a supper to Col
onel John R. Berry, Major J. J. Choate
and Captain Wankouski. of the Califor
nia Seventh Regiment. Covers were laid
for sixteen. The table was perfect in it 9
wreath of red, white and blue flowers.
Innumerable candles and shades of the
same color, silk flags and hand-painted
patriotic place cards were used with ar
tistic effect. Speeches commemorative of
the occasion were made by George A.
Knight, H. J. Maxwell and others.
Miss Maitie Louise Horton and Adam
Anderson were quietly married yesterday
I at noon at the residence of the bride's sis
' ter, Mrs. M. D. Brown, corner of Sacra
i mento and Devi&adero streets. The bride
1 Is the daughter of the late Pemberton B.
| Horton and the groom the president of
the Shasta Water Company. Rev. Mr.
Lion pronounced the words which made
the happy couple one.
The house was profusely decorated with
exquisite American Beauty roses and
Both bride and groom were unattended.
The bride looked extremely lovely in her
gown of white organdie over white silk.
A large white picture hat, trimmed with
wedding plumes, completed the costume.
Mr and Mrs. Anderson have gone north
on their bridal trip, and on their return
will reside at the Palace Hotel.
.« m ■
ATTEMPTED DOUBLE MURDER.
L. Pellegrini and Mrs. Guidi Make
Ante-Mortem Statements
to the Police.
Ante-mortem statements were made to
the police yesterday by L. Pellegrini and
Iride Guidi, who were stabbed on Broad
way Tuesday night by Santino Guldl. the
husband of the woman and brother-in
law of the man. Their statements did
not differ from what appeared in The
Call yesterday. Guidi was brought into
their "presence and both idontitied him as
the man who stabbed them.
Pellegrini is still in the Receiving Hos
pital, but Mrs. Guidi was removed to the
home of her sister, Mrs. Quilici, on
Broadway, yesterday afternoon. Both
are in a critical condition, and it is doubt
ful if they can recover, although there is
more hope for Mrs. Guidi than for her
r Guidf will not be charged till the re
sults of the injuries of his victims are
developed. _
Lynch Pleaded Guilty.
Daniel Lynch pleaded guilty to a charge
of embezzlement before Judge Borden
yesterday morning. The prisoner will be
sentenced Saturday. Lynch misappro
nriatf-cl $400 belonging to Anuerson & Co.
a short time ago, and as the evidence
against him was so strong he concluded
not to stand trial, but to plead guilty and
escape a longer term in prison than will
now be Imposed upon him.
Page Will Be Heard.
The Supreme Court has granted to ex-
District Attorney James D. Page an al
ternative writ of mandate, which is made
returnable on Tuesday, July 5. Page
claims that Superior Judge Wallace re
fuses to settle his bill of exceptions, and
until this is done the petitioner is unable
to appeal his case to the Supreme Court.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1898.
Joseph. Kelly, and niece of the late Sena
tor Martin Kelly, and is extremely pop
ular in her particular circle.
The happy groom-to-be is the son of
Mr. and Mrs. John Dollard. He has been
connected for many years with the City
of Paris and is well and favorably known
in the business community.
The wedding is to be a pink and white
one. Pink and white blossoms will deco
rate the church and make the home, at
2912 California street, where the reception
will be held, beautiful. Twelve hundred
invitations have been issued for the cere
mony and 250 for the reception.
The bride will be attended by Miss Liz
zie Mahony, who will officiate as maid of
honor, and Miss Annie Kelly, Miss Daisy
Keane, Mies Laura Kelly and Miss Doro
thy Quinn of San Jose, who will act as
bridesmaids.
Arthur W. Dollard is to be the best man
and Hugh McGinnis, Fred Farmer, Wil-
Edward J. Dollard and Miss Mary Kelly to Be United
on Wednesday Next.
WAR BONDS
NOT YET
ON SALE
Opening Subscriptions
Premature.
A WASHINGTON DISPATCH
WOULD -BE BUYERS MUST BE
PATIENT.
I. W. Hellman Jr. Says the Work Al
ready Done Must All Be Gone
Over When Official
Blanks Arrive.
Those who have already subscribed for
the new 3 per cent Government war bonds
will be rather badly disappointed when
they learn that they will have to go over
the work again. The First National Bank
of this city commenced receiving sub
scriptions Monday and the bank officials
have since then been kept busy attending
to the rush of applicants. There is such
a demand for the bonds that in some in
stances intending subscribers have had to
stand In line for hours waiting for their
turn at the desk.
A dispatch received yesterday by the
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco,
from Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
F. V. Vanderlik, seems to prove that the
taking of subscriptions has been prema
ture.
The Nevada National Bank and the
Union Trust Company probably handle
more Government securities than any
similar banking institution in the city.
The officers of the Nevada Bank thought
it strange that they had not been offi
cially notified of the call for subscrip
tions for the new bond issue and accord
ingly sent the following telegram to the
Treasury Department:
SAN FRANCISCO, June 8. 1898.
Honorable Secretary of Treasury, Washing
ton, I>. C. : Please mail us as early as possi
ble, blank applications for authority to receive
subscriptions for the new bonds.
Nevada National Bank of San Franci»co.
A few hours later the following reply
was received.
AVASHINGTON, D. C, June 8. 1898.
Nevada National Dank of San Franci9co:
Subscription blanks and circular of informa
tion Will bo sent you as goon as bill becomes
law. F. V. VAXDERLIK.
Assistant Secretary.
"It will prove disappointing to those
who have subscribed," said I. \V. Hell
man Jr., of the Union Trust Company,
yesterday afternoon, "to learn that they
will have to go through the same routine
again. I was surprised when I heard that
subscriptions were being taken, for the
bill authorizing the Issuance of the bonds
has not yet been signed by the President,
and consequently is not yet a law. Judg
ing from the press dispatches, President
McKinley is not expected to sign the bill
before Saturday. The Government will
then prepare a certain form of subscrip
tion blanks and these will be sent to the
different National banks throughout the
country." ___^_^______
A Quartet of Sad Boys.
Thomas Whiteman, 13 years of age;
James O'Malley. 12; Albert Wagner. 16,
and Charles Albertin, 12, were arrested
yesterday by Policemen Orr and Nolting
and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of burglary. Captain Spillane says
they are (our of the worst boys that he
has ever come In contact with. They
have entered numerouß vacant houses
and carried off the lead ~'pe and fixtures,
which they sold to junk dealers.
Ham Humphreys and John Mahoney the
ushers. Joseph P. Kelly, brother of the
bride, will give her into the safe keeping
of the groom.
The bride will wear an elegant gown of
cream white satin. The jupe is made en
train and in the front breadth is an inser
tion of accordion pleated chiffon. The cor
sage is laid in the tinniest of tucks and
trimmed with exquisite point applique on
white chiffon. The bridal bouquet will be
composed of lilies of the valley.
The maid of honor will wear a dainty
gown of white organdie over white silk,
and the bridesmaids will be attired alike
In white organdie over eglatine silk slips.
Their bouquets wiil be of bridesmaid
roses.
The young couple have arranged to
spend their honeymoon at Del Monte and
on their return will occupy their elegant
new residence, the gift of the bride's
mother, at 2737 California street.
WILL REVIVE
OLD TROUBLES
A. B. Bowers' $500,000
Damage Suit.
THE GOVERNMENT DEFENDANT
INFBINGEMENT OF PATENT THE
CAUSE OF ACTION.
The Government's Defense May-
Prove Bowers Guilty of
Perjury and
Fraud.
The litigation waged for years to a suc
cessful issue by Alphonso B. Bowers
against all builders and users of steam
river and harbor dredgers is about to be
revived, and Bowers' victories seem in a
fair way to be lost to him.
Bowers recently brought suit against
the United States Government for dam
ages to the tune of $300,000, alleging in
fringement of patents as his cause of
action.
The Government is actively engaged in
preparing its defense and has found one
witness in John A. Ball, whose claims
and allegations, if they prove correct
will btrip Bowers of his patents and
prove him guilty of perjury and fraud
against the Government on a trieantic
scale.
Mr. Ball, whose cause has heen es
poused by General W. H. PI. Hart, claims
that he was the original inventor of a
number of the chief features of the
dredger patented by Bowers. He further
claims that a number of the principles,
particularly the oscillating device, al
though invented by him, were not' pat
ented, and that they had been in general
use for three years prior to the time of
Bowers' application. Furthermore, he de
clares, Bowers was aware of their general
use and successful operation, having fre
quently investigated the dredgers used by
Ball.
The witness declares that Bowers is
guilty of perjury and fraud in applying
for the patents he hold?, as the general
law provides that any device in general
use for more that two year 3 cannot be
patented. .
To back up his cape* Mr. Ball has the
depositions of a number of his employes,
who were with him in the early 70's, as
well as the affidavits of a number of en
gineers, who inspected his work at that
time.
Tho Government nns* ordered General
Hart to bring a mimber of these people
to Washington and the case will be fought
out upon their testimony.
Balked by a Dog.
Two m<*n attempted to break Into the
Symon residence, 120 Mississippi street,
Tuesday night, but were balked by a
Newfoundland dog, which gave the
alarm and kept one of them at bay till
John Symon, one of the sons, went out
and collared him. James, another son,
gave chaue to the other man, but failed
to capture him. The captive was handed
over to Lieutenant Anderson at the Po
trero station, where he gave the name of
Vigonli Antonio. He was charged with
vagrancy. _
The Clarkson Trial.
The taklnp of testimony in the trial of
William Clarkson.late foreman of the roll
ing department of the United States Mint
in this city, was concluded yesterday af
ternoon. Clarkson went on the stand and
denied point blank that he had ever griven
any gold bullion to either Carter or Eg-
Kfirs, and said at the times specified in the
Indictment when it was eald ti.at he
brought bullion to them he was else
where. The case will be argued to the
jury this morning.
INK AND PAPER
FOR THE BOYS
Work of Catholic Truth
Society at the Camp.
THANKS FOR DONATIONS
tESPONSES TO CALLS HAVE
BEEN BEADY AND NUMEBOUS.
Postage Paid on Six Hundred Let
ters and Beading Matter for
Every One in
Blue.
The mammoth tont of the Catholic
Truth Society presented a busy scene
from morning till night yesterday. The
reading and writing tables were well pa
tronized tiy the soldier boys. Six hun
dred letters were mailed last evening, the
Truth Society having supplied paper and
stamps.
On the tables are books, magazines and
the daily papers, together with the prin
cipal papers of the various States repre
sented at Camp Merritt. The latter have
been supplied through the kindness of
the California Syrup of Figs Company.
The ladles were extremely busy all day.
Through the generous donations received
in answer to the appeal of yesterday the
ladies of the Truth Society were enabled
to distribute fifty-three baskets of deli
cacies to the sick and convalescent and
to give a subst;mtial lunch to a number
of men who were short of rations. The
Truth Society did not at first intend to
take up this branch of work, and only
did so when the ladies saw the urgent
necessity.
The Truth Society has already erected
five smaller tents in the regimental en
campments. Ladies attend during the
day. Each tent supplies writing and
reading material to the soldiers.
The following subscriptions are grate
fully acknowledged:
Friend, $1 50; Miss McKinnon, 50c: Miss M.
Flnnegan, $1; Mrs. Kinnr.n. fiUc: Miss Lizzie
Finnegan, BOc; Miss Relley, $1; Miss Mary Ah
dors, 50e; John Caren. $1; M. Hig?rin>
Miss Ella Harrington, $1; Miss Mary Harring
ton. $1; Mrs. B. B. Murf.'y, fl; .Miss Mary Rey
nolds, 50c; Press Friends, $1 70; Miss Irene
Manning, f>oe; Mrs. E. M. Meagles, $1; Miss
Minnie McCarty, $6 05: Miss Man.' Culligan.
$2 50; Miss Allison, $1; Mrs. H. S. Murphy, $1;
Cash, $1 75.
The Truth Society also thanks the fol
lowing persons for donations as follows:
Mrs. J. Shea, 1 box oranges; Mrs. Farrell,
1 box oranges; Miss Gc-rashty. 1 gallon beef
tea, 1 cake, 1 dozen comfort bags; Miss T. H.
Murphy, fancy crackers, jelly, comfort bags;
Mrs. M. Derrick, book*; Miss Simpson, brniks;
Mrs. Cutter. J*-lly, eggs, crackers, magazines,
medals; Mrs. Hardy, bonks; Mrs. N. Walsh,
eggs; Mrs. J. Shay, 1 gross matches, eggs,
oranges, S glasses wine Jelly; Mrs. J. L. (jon
zales. Jelly; Mrs. R. E. Queen, postage stamps;
Miss Mary Reynolds, magazines; Mrs. J. Mc-
Donald, books, soup; Catholic Ladies' Aid So
ciety No. 2, books, 10 pillow rests; St. Eliza
beth Sewing Society, St. Mary's Cathedral, 50
flannel bandages; F. W. Wright & Co., coal
oil stove, agate soup pot, tea kettle, 3 dozen
lead pencils; Mrs. W ilton, magazines; Mrs.
Mulcahy, eggs, cake; Miss Driscoll, cukes,
eggs, lemons; John Coffee, papers; Miss Flynn,
cakes, bread, Jelly; Mlsa Gleason, Jelly;
Miss Brown, eggs; Mrs. Ford, books:
Miss N. Kearney, paper, books; Margaret
Mailie, leaftet*; Miss Clancy, medals, etc.; a
friend, stamped envelopes, beads; Mrs. C. H.
Caulfield, book* papers; Mrs. Dono/an, bread,
cake, eggs, butter, tea, coffee, sugar, 'inie?,
lemons; the Misses Finnegan, literature, paper,
delicacies, stamps; Miss Foote, beads; Father
Griffin, rosary, books, scapulas; Mrs. Garney,
magazines; Mrs. Henry Walsh, novels; Mrs.
Kennedy, writing material, stamps, drinking
glasses, ginger, soap, b"oks, tracts; Mrs. I'uck
haber, forty stamps: Mrs. Murphy, bread, but
ter, cold meat; Mary Sheehan, rosary beads;
Mrs. J. W. Farren, eggs, bread, sardines: Mr?.
H. J. Saunders, eggs, chickens; Mrs. Thomas D.
i'.undJn, sandwiches, jelly; Mrs. Mayo, sugar,
eggs, lemons, Jelly: Mrs. R. Tobin. bread,
eggs, butter; Mrs. M. Samcke. books, paper;
Mrs. N. Beard, books, papers; Miss Mary
Schucke, jelly, lime-water; Mrs. H. H. See
leck. eggs, beef tea. lime-water; Mrs. Lough
borough, six prayer books, pictures, comfort
bags, rosary, tobacco, cards; Miss Haggerty.
reading matter, scapulas, etc. ; anonymous,
Goldbaum, Lebenbaum & Co.. three boxes
crackers, one dozen glasses Jelly, one-half
dozen cans beef extract, one dozen "bottles port
wine, one dozen bottles sherry wine; Miss De
ruck, twelve mirrors, ten comfort bags, one
package reading matter; Mrs. L. K. Bur.<«
ten packages paper and envelopes; Gallagher
Bros., two dozen steam soda, one nox sola
crackers; Emporium Company, one piece un
bleached muslin; Mrs. Eleanor Martin, chicken,
ham, cake, jelly, sixty loaves bread.
The ladies of the Truth Society will re
ceive donations and subscriptions to-day
at any hour in the big- tent.
ILL TBEATED HIS WIFE.
Lily Sullivan Obtains a Divorce for
Neglect.
In the divorce suit of Thomas Sullivan
versus Lily Sullivan, a decree of divorce
was granted Lily Sullivan in Judge Sea
well's court yesterday. She was also
awarded the custody of her two children.
Thomas Sullivan dfd not appear and the
decree of divorce was obtained by the
wife on the grounds of neglect and fail
ure to provide as alleged in her cross
complaint. The court also allowed Lily
Sullivan to resume her maiden name, Lily
Ortmann. The Sullivans have been mar
ried seven years.
Poisoned His Chickens.
A. D. Long, 40 Albert lane, swore out a
warrant in Judge Mogan's court yester
day for the arrest of Mrs. Miller, who
lives in the flat above him, on a charge of
cruelty to animals. Long said that he
owned about seventy chickens-, but re
cently he has lost twenty of them. He
noticed that they turned green before
they died, which puzzled him, and he
made an investigation. He discovered
that Mrs. Miller threw mush into his
yard, and Tuesday he took a portion of
the mush to the Board of Health for
analysis. The analysis showed that the
mush was mixed up with carbolic acid.
Off for Vacation.
Fifty boys from the Boys' and Girls'
Aid Society started for a month's vaca
tion at Elim Grove yesterday morning.
"When they return the girls from the
home will be sent away to the same
place.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
30/
/O
Government
Loan.
Subscription Books
Are Now Open
, , AT THE . .
First National Bank
W. Cor. Bush and Sansome Sts.
Denominations of Bonds,
$25, $50, $100, $500 aod $1000
JUNE 4. 1898.
BUSINESS
DIRECTORY
and PURCHASERS' GUIDE
To Responsible Merchants,
Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale' Traders,
Jobbers, Insurance and Real
Estate Agents.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following
Firms Please Mention "The -all."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending: and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wra.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO., Importers of High-Class Fur-
niture, Fronch Cabinets, Mtrble Statuary, Etc., 117
Butter street. . * : •
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
IMPM7H CPDIVfi Proprietor. . Send for meas-
l?lLl>iU Jl nIINI ure blanks. U. S. Commis-
sion, a Geary St., S. F. -■-.•■
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
CIKIL' X- CmilkinT CD Bank. Office and Saloon
Mrlft Cv3tnil>lJivCK, Fittings, 1309 Market
st. Telephone South 26".
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock I'll lID C. f A 11 Montgomery St.,
Auctioneers. AlLLll tt vU- San Francisco. ■
BELTING.
I P liPfiFV Manufacturer of Belting and
L. r. JUCUCrI, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BOILER MAKERS.
y- -*r W. J. Brady's Patent
tfi II DETACHABLE
J& *:&^ - MUD DRUM
«Sf££SßS^'*Jjl<vfo for Steam Boilers,
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
JD MpTWVPP Bookbinder and Printer,
i Di iuuiiUllllJ. 422 Commercial street.
CAMPING AND OUTING GOODS.
GUNS AND FISHING TACKLE.
CLABROUGH, GOLCHER & CO.
538 Market Street.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. - H. Blyth. Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS, WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mrc M H nRFB *TO EQUIPOISE WAISTS.
ITirS.ITi.iI.UDCK ft tU. 3 Geary st.,Tel.
DENTIST.
DR- C- W- KICIIARDSj SE. corner Kearny.
DRAYAGE.
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO., S^S
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SOW,
407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital Represented.... over $14,000,000
• FIREWORKS.
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO.: only makers
on the coast. 219 Front st. ; tel. Front 88.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I C ' PnVEC * Cli Shipping Butchers, 108
JA>- DUiE3 ff tUi, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FLOUR.
T 4TIAW IT Flour Mills. J. Martensteln & Co.
liAIIUNAL s.W. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., porters & Dealers
in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO., 211 Larkln sjt., S. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers in Buggies,
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or write
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS
W.K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 136 Sutler St.,
San Francisco. : Telephone Main 817.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
MADE purely of limes and lemons In bottles
and cases. L. O. Sresovlch Co., 521 Sansome st.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF pulp and PAPER co.,
YYILLMmLIIL 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO arid MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
. 28 and SO O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & C 0...
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
SEWING MACHINES.
"nnMCQTIP" Pre-eminently th 9 . machine for
UUiliLO II U family use. 1021 Market stre.t,
: near Sixth.
SOAP.
GD I IlfY * Cft 123 California street,
i it, LIJL-I tt VUi, room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te c^f ia PARTRIDGE, 3f3 f ° 0 ? ola c
THE HICKS JUDD CO-, b^g^^st
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms ril 1 C D[ ICC Claus Spreckels
407, 408. 409. 410 vIIAO DLI 3- Bldg., 4th Floor.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successors
to Hawks & Shattuck. The Home Industry
House, 508 Clay st. "
, TYPEWRITERS. '
111^ ALL TYPEWRITERS RENTED.
jßjSjjjSj^ Few partly used for sale cheap.
jfEIK^IJL Send for samples and prices.
*%&S2o§b L ft M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRT '. B. SCHINDLER, ' manufacturer of
, carriages, buggies, etc.; repairing done In
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
 128 Spear st. ; tel. : Main 235. . ,
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding ,: Agents i and ' Public Weighers.
General Storage. • Free and : Grain Warehouses.
General office, 210 California et. Tel. Main 1911.
WINES AND LIQUORS.
GO to T. M. FERGUSON, 733 Market st.
Wholesale and ' retail . Special 15-year-old
Hermitage. v Near Claus V Spreckels • building. ■
PMllilUHilil
■ HAVE l YOU - Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- ■
■ Colored •■ Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers ■
■ in Mouth, Halr-Fallin? 1 >- Write COOK KEM- ■
■ EDYCO., 213 c. MASONIC - TEMPLE, i CHI- B
■ CAGO, s ILL., ? for proofs <of curea. Capital ■
m 1600,000. Worst cases cured la 16 to 35 days. ■
J 100-page book free. H
'■•""; ADVERTISEMENTS.
dTseases^oFmenl
Contagious ailments which have been recently
contracted or have - become dangerous by : bad
treatment are quickly cured by Dr. Meyers &
Co., 731 Market st. These doctors have mada
their great reputation by curing difficult cases.
They are ! the oldest and most reliable phy-
sicians on the coast.
WEAKNESS of MEN.
There is no reason why you should 'go
through the world half or less than half a man.
If you are suffering from total or partial loss
of vital power you need not despair. Go to
Dr. Meyers &- Co., 731 Market St.; they will
cure you quickly and permanently.
NOT A DOLLAR NEED BE PAID
UNTIL CURE IS EFFECTED.
If ■! you cannot call at the office and see
these great doctors send for FREE BOOK and
SYMPTOM BLANK; also they will give you
free advice by mail. CONSULTATION AL-
WAYS FREE. /
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Men of the . "
English nnd German Expert Specialists,
731 MARKET STREET.
Hours, 8 to 5; evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays, 9 to 11.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 4 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY. .
Mr. John Martin Presents
CLAY CLEMENT
In the Beautiful Comedy-Drama
THE NEW DOMJNION.
"A Universal Success."
Next Monday Might— The New FRAWLEY
COMPLY iii 'i "NUMBER NINE."
SEATS READY TO-DAY.
BALDWIN THEATER.
At the Request of Hundreds.
REVIVAL— Beginning to-day at 3:15 and 8:30,
the novelty of the age, "THE PASSION
PLAY." Every afternoon and night. Seats 25
cents. ;..-.. . "■ " ' . '
KATIE ROONEY. "A Chip of the Old
Block"; WILLS and LORETTO, "The Tramp
and the Soubrette"; ALBURTUS and BART-
RUM, Champion Club Swingers; EZRA KEN-
DALL, Humorist: LAMONT FAMILY, Eu- -
rope's Acrobats; MUSICAL JOHNSONS, Xylo-
phone Wonders; last 3 nights of PROFESSOR
LEONIDAS, Dog and Cat Circus; AL LEACH
and the 3 ROSEBUDS, and HARRY ALLIS-
TER, New Impersonations.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE^
■ Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager. _
Evening Prices— loc, 25c and 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. '
Second Week of the Popular Eastern Actor,
GEORGE P. WEBSTER,
In a magnificent production of the Great
Scenic Melodrama.
THE COTTON KING.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs.Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
EVERY EVENING.
AN
AMERICAN HERO!
"JUST WHAT YOU OUGHT TO SEE." .
OUR PATRIOTIC OPERATIC SPECTACLE.
IT TO THE SPIRIT OF THE TIMES.
Great Cast— Superb Scenery.
Correct Costumes— Appropriate Accessories.
THRILLING NAVAL BATTLE.
NEXT— ALI BAB A.
A New Burlesque on an Old Subject.
Popular Prices ...25 and 800
- No Telephone.
ALCAZAR SEATS BY .
ALCAZAR. main 254.
Isc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
LAST NIGHTS— NIGHTS.
LEW/IS MORRISON,
THE MASTER OFCEREMONIES I
MATINEE SATURDAY.
NEXT (LEWIS MORRISON.
WEEK "A CELEBRATED CASE."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
BASEBALL GAME.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets,
THURSDAY JUNE 9
PICKED NINE
From the Thirteenth Regiment of Minnesota
Volunteers
SAN FRANCISCO BASEBALL CLUB
Game called at 2:30 p. m.
Admission .. — ..... .....: — : "•• • 25c
Entire receipts donated to RED CROSS
SOCIETY of San Francisco. -
MOTHERS, SISTERS, SWEET-
HEARTS AND WIVES,
• See Your Gallant Heroes
DEPARTING ON THE PEKING,
AS SHOWN BY THE ANMATOSCOPE
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
AT THE CHUTES.
SOLDIERS IN UNIFORM ALWAYS FREE!
SEE CANNON. THE 613-POUND MAN !
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children. sc.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now onen every Sunday during the season.
Music Dancing, : Bowling, Boating. Fishing v
and other amusements.
■ Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip, £sc: Children, 15c; including admission
to grounds. gTEAMER UKIAH-
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a, m.. 12:10.
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m., 1. 3 and 5 p.m. ■ ' ' - --■-
tW VM DI A ■ I Come: of Mtson tnJ
ULyYIYIFIA I Eddy StlMll
THE BIOGRAPH.
The Greatest Projectoseope in the World.
Life scenes of thrilling Interest from the seat
of war. A great olio of strong specialties.
Admission free. Matinee Sum?"-. ;
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a.' m. until 11 p. m. -.:"<
ADMISSION lOc.r - - - CHILDREN So
• Bathing, with admission. 25c: children. 20c. .
DR.M9NDLTT.
rj»ms WKix-xirowH AND reliable orb
L Specialist eyre» Prlvate,Nervous,Bloodand Sktix , :
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experleuce. Send for Book, free, Patleots
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. : Hours, 9 to a
dally;6:3otoB.3oeT'£s. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consults- '? >:
tioufree and sacredly confidential. Call or address „
P. ROSCOE McKriiTT, M. i».,
96^ Kearnr Street. San FraaciMsu. f «L '
>ffy OEWEY.STRONG ficCO.^"?^
\i "PATENTS! IS
\ga^33o MARKET ST. SLSmS^
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver advanced.
Wheat and Barley firmer.
Oats and Corn dull.
Rye lower.
Very little Hay coming in.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans firm, but quiet.
New Potatoes lower and new Onions higher.
Green Corn In market.
Butter, weak; Cheese, lower; Eggs, firm.
More Eastern Poultry in.
Fresh fr" • • In larger receipts.
Prunes in light stock.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides tending upward.
No further advance in Hogs.
Increase in gold coin circulation.
GOLD COIN MOVEMENT.
The movement of gold coin at San Francisco
for the first live months of the year was as
follows:
}'..: ! for duties 2.510,y00
Exported 16,080,400
Withdrawn U5, 591.100
Coined January 1 to May 31 21,95f..000
Added to local circulation J .. $393,700
In 1897 there was a loss of local circulation
pf »C. 459,000 for the first five month* of the year.
EXPLANATION.
Th arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the liuy;. ; those underneath it. if any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in Inches
nn<3 bundredths during the last twelve hours,
rs, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
eure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by clou.lv weather and rains. "Lows" usually
tirst appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high In the Interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
nnd south along: the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is lm- i
fr ibable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
daho, and th<? rressure falling to the Call
fornia coast, warmer weather mey be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
th Meridian—^acific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, June 8. 1898. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka, SB; Red Bluff, 9S; Sacramento, 78;
I- • Independence, '4; San Luis Obispn.
70; Los Angeles. 72; San Diego, 06; Yuma, 100.
San Francisco temperature— Maximum, 55;
minimum. GO; mean, 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
PI >RECABT6.
The pressure is falling steadily over the
Pacific Slope. An area of low pressure is
forming in the Interior of California, extending
southward into Arizona and northward into
Oregon.
The temperature has fallen over California;
elsewhere on the Pacific Slope It has remained
nearly stationary-
Thunder storms are reported at Baker City
and Canson City.
Rain has fallen along the coast of California
from San Francisco to Eureka.
Th>- following maximum wind velocities are
reported. Fort Canby, 26 miles per hour, from
the northwest; (/arson <"ity, 3". west.
!■" ..«•••' 1 Bta made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. June I, 1898:
Northern California- Cloudy Thursday, with
•howers; cooler in the valleys; fresh southwest
erly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday; show
ers in extreme northern portion; fresh westerly
winds.
Nevada — Cloudy and unsettled weather
Thursday, with showers In the northern por
tion: cooler extreme north.
I'tah— Cloudy Thursday; showers In northern
portion.
Arizona — Cloudy Thursday.
:id vicinity — Cloudy Thursday,
with occasional showers; fresh southwesterly
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
ct 5 p. m.: ("lf-ar; wind west. 12 miles per
hour; temperature, IT.; maximum. 07.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, June B.— The bears secured the
upper hand again In to-day's stock market
through the instrumentality of sugar, which
went through one of Its old-fashioned acrobatic
performances and easily dominated the whole
list. Its fluctuations were frequent and violent,
over an extreme range of over 4 points, and
though it made several substantial recoveries
each successive dip carried It to a lower level
than before and the close was only slightly
above the lowest. The violent declines dis
lodged torrent.* of stock, which came pouring
upon the market in blocks of 1000 shares. The
quick rally Indicated that shorts were losing
no time in covering. A realizing movement Is
generally expected In sugar upon the declara
tion of the dividend*, but the savage onslaught
upon the stock was doubtless contributed to by
the powerful speculative element, which has
been working for a reaction for several days
pa»t to buy stocks at a lower level . than they
were .■■ ii to realize last week. To-day was
the ginning of a periodical settlement on the
London Stock Exchange, and it has been cur
rent opinion in Wall street that there are some
heavy outstanding short accounts there In
Americans. St. I'aul, in which the foreign
short account wus believed to be the heaviest,
bruke ht-avily anil there was very large ab
sorption of the stock at the decline and on the
recovery. Although London, sold here through
crbitrage houses there was no doubt some buy-
Ing Cor London account through other channels.
There was a substantial rally late in the day
on the covering of shorts and In" sympathy
with the strength In individual stocks, and
later the break In sugar was Ignored" in the
penerul list. The final rally reduced most of
the net losses to fractions and left substan
tial gains in many special cases. .
Prices of bonds were better held than stocks
and net trains .were' better distributed. Total
sales $2.92.1.000. * ' " ' - -
United 'tates new 4's registered declined 1, do
coupon %, old 4's coupon ',s and do registered
% in the bid price. Old 4's registered declined
% and do . coupon IVi on sales from the last
preceding sale price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 447,900
chares. Including: Atchlson preferred, 21,126:
C. and 0.. :.22f.; Burlington. 17.680; C. C. C. and
St. L.. 9395: D. and R. O. preferred. 3075; Louis
ville and Nashville. 8132: Manhattan. 11,172;
Metropolitan Street Railway, 3112; Reading pre
ferred, 1&000; Missouri Pacific, 4145; M. K. and
T. preferred, 3459; Northern Pacific, 14,700;
Northern Pacific preferred, 17,485; Reudinr'
8043; Rock Island, 656.'.; St. Paul, 30,870; Union
Pacific preferred, 20,760; American Spirits, i>,
f32; do preferred, C.-.75; American Tobacco, 17 -
175; Chicago Great Western, 12,825; People's
Gas, 11,632: General Electric. 8435: American
Sugar, 75,225; Leather preferred, 4625.
CLOSING STOCJ'S.
Atchlson 13% St P & 0m..1.... ' 77
Do prefd 33 j Do prefd ........ 149
Baltimore & Ohio Utylßt V M & M. 143
Canada Pacific .. 83% So Pacific 18%
Canada Southern. 52VklSo Hallway ' SV»
Central Pacific* .. 14 | Do prefd 32%
Ches & 0hi0...... 23% Texas & Pacific. 12%
Chi & Alton.. '168 Union Pacific .... ' 24%
Chi B & Q.\ 104% Do prefd 61
Chi & E 111....... 63% UP D & G.....-..V 7%
CC C & St L.... 39% \V abash ........... 7%
Do nrefd ........ 80 ■■ Do prefd- 19%
Del & Hudson.... 109% Wheel & L E....: 1%
Del L & W 155 ,Do prefd ........ 11
Den & R G 12% Express Companies-
Do prefd 51 Adams Ex ....... 100 ;
Erie (new) 14 American Ex — 124
Do Ist prefd.... 37% United States .... 40 "
Fort Wayne ..... IBS Wells Fargo ..... 116
Qt Nor prefd 174 Miscellaneous—
Hocking Valley... 5% A Cot Oil ........ 21
Illinois Central .. 1047* I Do prefd v. .76
Lake Erie & W... 15% 1 Amn spirits 14%
Do prefd -. 73 I Do prefd 37%
Lake Shore ...... 187% lAm Tobacco 109 V*
Louis & Nash 55V» Do prefd 118
Manhattan L .... 104* 4 ; People's Oas ..... 102
Met St Ry :v: v IGQ% Cons Gas 196
Mich Cent .'. 103 Com Cable C 0.... 160
Minn & St L..... 39 ■ Col F & Iron -21%
Do Ist prefd.... you. Do orefd 90
Mo Pacific ....... 35% Gen Electric ..... 38%
Mobile & 0hi0... 27% Illinois Steel ..... M
Mo X & T 11% Laclede Gas 49
Do prefd 34"* Lead ...". 35%
Chi Ind & L &4 I) prefd 106%
| Do prefd 31 Nat Lin Oil 19%
1N J Central .. s»5 Or Imp Co 30
N V Central 116% Pacific Mall 20%
N T Chi & S L.. 13Vi Pullman Palace .. 187
Do Ist prefd.... -65% Silver Certificate!" 59%
Do 2d prefd.... 34 Stand R & T.Y... 6
Nor West 15% Sugar 140%
No Amer Co 6% i Do prefd 114%
No Pacific 2!> 1 & T C & Iron 25%
Do prefd 69*, U B Leather . 7%
Ontario A \V 15> I Do prefd 66
Or R & Xav ."2% I* S Rubber 19%
Or Short Line -30 " Do prpfd 75%
Pittsburg 17ii West Union ..... 91%
Reading 20% Chi & N W 125%
Do Ist t>refd.... 40 i Do prefd 170%
Rock Island 105% St L & S W 6%
St Louts & S F.. 8 ! Do prefd 11%
Do Ist prefd.... 64 JR Q W 26
Do 2d prefd.... 30% I Do prefd 64V4
St Paul 100 I Chi G W 14%
Do prefd 148% 1 Haw Com Co 21
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 122 N Carolina 65.... 127
Do coup 122 Do 4s ' 102
U 8 4s 107% No Pao 15t5...... 115%
Do coup 111% Do 3s 62%
Do 2ds 95 Do 4s 96%
(I 9 5s reg 111% N V C & 8 L 4s. 104%
Do 5s coup 111% Nor & \V 6s 120
District 3.65s ..... 114 Northwetrn cons. 143%
Ala class A 110 Do deb 5s 115
Do B 100 O Nay lsts 115
Do C 90 O Nay 4s 96
Do Currency ... "90 OS Line 6s tr.... 126%
Atchlson 4s 92% O S Line 5s tr.... 100%
Do adj 4s 66% O Imp lets tr.... 114
Can So 2de 10S% Do 5s tr 60%
Chi Term 4s 86 Pacific 6s of 95... 100%
C & Ohio 5s 114 Reading 4s 55%
C H & D 4%s 104% R G W lets 87>g
D & R G Ists.... 106 St L& I M C ss. 95
D & R G 4s 94% St L & S F G 6s. 119%
East Term lets.. 108 St P Con 145
Erie Gen 4s 74% St P C & P Ists.. 118
FW & D lsts tr. 72% Do os 116%
Gen Elec 5b 103 So Ry 5s 95%
G H & S A 65... 105 Stand R & T 65.. 69
Do 2dß 105 Term new set 35.. 91%
H&T Css 109 T&P L G lsts.. 104%
Do con 6s 104 ; Do'Rg 2ds 36%
lowa C Ists 101 It 1 P D A O lets. 61
La new cons 45.. 100 \Vab Ist 5s 109
LAN Unl 45.... 90% Do 2ds 54%
Missouri 6s 150 W Shore 4s 108
M X & T 2ds 63 Va Centuries .... 70
Do 4s 87% Do deferred ... 6
N V Central Ists. IIS U P prefd 61
NJCSS 115 Do 4s , 96%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 Ontario 3 00
Crown Point 10 Ophir 2:.
Con Cal & Va.... 40 Plymouth 12
Dead-wood 55 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry.. 15 Do prefd 200
Hale & Norcross. 7S Sierra Nevada ... 60
Homestake 40 00 Standard 1 50
Iron Sliver 57 Union Con 05
Mexican 15 Yellow Jacket ... 15
BOSTON.
BOSTON. June 9.— Atchlson, 13^; Bell Tele
phone, 273; Burlington, 104%; Mexican Cen
tral, $5.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. June B.— CLOSE— Money on
call, easy, lmgiH per cent; last loan, IV4 per
cent. Prime mercantile paper, 3@4 per cent.
Sterling exchange, firm, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 86% for demand and at
$4 84UA4 &i% for sixty days. Posted rates.
$4 8554 ST. 1 Commercial bills, $4 S4. Silver cer
tificates, PP%(g6Oc. Bar silver, r,ii,s. Mexi
can dollars, 45 I ,i<\ Oovprnrr'em X ■■ill'" •- ->k.
State bonds, dull. Railroad bonds, steady.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Juno S.— The Evening; Posfs
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were quiet and rather dull to
day. Consols and India stocks were lower on
the prospect of a new India loan of £10,000.
000 sterling next month. Argentines, Spanish
4s and other foreign stocks were dull in sym
pathy with the Paris Bourse, but Brazils were
hard, exchange being at "%.
The account in Americans at the settlement
was rather larger than expected, tut con
tangoes were only BfpStf per cent. The tone
was steadier, but the close was under the best.
There is no public dealing yet. The failure of
Hooley, the millionaire operator. Is not likely
to materially a*fi«ct the market".
In consequence of the continued decline In
open market of money quotations, it is ex
pected that discount houses will lower deposit
rates to-morrow.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 88)4; Grand Trunk. 9% Bar i
silver, 27V*d per ounce. Money, KOI per cent.
Spanish 4s closed at 3r.' 4 , a net ! .ss of " B .
PARIS, Jun.' B.— Spanish 4s closed at 35 3-16.
a net loss of 1 3-lfi.
BERLIN, June B.— Firm prices prevailed on |
the Bourse to-day, and Italian securities were
harder, London giving a particular impulse '
in 4s were dull and bank shares were
animated on rumors of new Industrial promo- i
tlon.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June B.— FLOUR— Receipts.
17.40.1 barrels; exports, 290 barrels; quiet and
easy.
WHEAT— Receipts, 865.375 bushels; ezports.
283,445 -bushels; spot, steady, held higher to
conform to advance on futures. No. 2 red,
$1 10 f. o. b. afloat export grade; do, 51 14 f. o.
b. afloat contract. Options opened higher on
strong cables and foreign buying, eased off par
tially under liquidation, but closed steady at
a net advance of IV4 cents. Too much wet
weather for harvesting. Checked speculative
selling. No. 2 red sales, July, 93V4@9&V4c, closed
94V4C. ■ '"• ' -
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
CHEESE— Barely steady.
METALS— WhiIe tin continued to show firm
ness all day. lead suffered a re-action, as did
pig iron. Warrants under liberal offerings. At
the close the metal exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants easier with 6.70 c bid,
and UOc asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet, with 11.90 c bid and
12.10 c asked. l
TlN— Firmer, with 15.00 c bid and 15.10 c asked.
SPELTER— Unchanged with 4.35 c bid and
4.43 c asked.
LEAD— Barely steady with 3.72 c bid and 3.77 c
asked. Lead Is still quoted at 3.COc by the firm
naming the stalling price for leading Western
miners and smelters. ■..■'.
COFFEE— Options opened steady with prices
unchanged to 5 points lower; ruled moderately
active during forenoon, but became dull later
at little variation In prices: buying checked by
bearish foreign ' news- i and absence of
outside speculative interests. Close quiet at
net loss o.' 5 points. Sales. 10,2"0 bags, Includ
ing: June, 55 75; July, $5 75. Spot Coffee — Rio,
dull; mild. dull.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining, 3%c; centri
fugal 96 test. 4 5-16e: refined, firm.
nUTTER— Receipts, 9200; firm: Western
creamery. 13>4@16V&c; Elgins, 16',4c; factory,
/ ffl2 1 7 C. '
EGGS— Receipts, 9405 packages: firm; West
ern fresh, nMil2c: Southern, 10*40110.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, June B.— California dried fruits,
quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6<a'Hc;
prime wire tray, Riffle; wood dried prime,
SV4c; choice, 9%c: fancy, 10c.
PRU>:ES-4@B%c.
APRICOTS— Royal. 8<$?10c: Moorpark. IfV?fl2c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. s@9c: peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. June The chief factor of
strength' ln wheat was the unexpected advance
In Liverpool cables .; which quoted an Improve
ment In July equal. to 4M,c per bushel. Septem
ber In that market. was likewise higher, but In
much less marked decree than July. Besides
the -strength of. the- Liverpool, market there
were fears that the' domestic crop had been In
jured by too much rain. ' Shorts became ex
ceedingly- nervous and there was an unufnial
rush to cover, partly to secure profits ' which
yet remained and partly to stop further losses.
There was also some demand for the long ac
count from scalper*, who reasoned that after
such 'a drop as we have had It was time for
the pendulum to .rwlng the other way. The
trade wan nervous . for a time and took little
note of anything: but the bull factor*. Later,
however, it was believed that no real damage
to the crop had been experienced, and that the
recent statistics as to the world's nr^sent sup
plies were really bearish. The Idea of manipu
| lated Liverpool • markets beran to take \ root.
I the bears regained their courage and began to
fight the advance. The close was fairly steady,
! July closing with a gain of l%c and September
IW.OJV4C . : . ■. .
Steadier cables and the heavy rainfall
throughout the com States last night Influenced
corn at the start. The advance met heavy sell
ing by bears and was partly lost. July closed
Uc higher.
Oats are ) unchanged from yesterday. The"
fluctuations were within a very narrow range.
' Provisions were easy at the start. A firm
feeling prevailed near the. close, pork closing
with an advnnc" of 5 cents, lard unchanged
and ribs 2Hc lower. ,
The leading futures ranged as follows:
/ Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat, No. 2— . .
June ....;.... ....:... 105 *1 074 $100 $1 02V4
July ...;.. 89 891,4 S7 8$
September 77 77 JH 76%
December "a% 75% 7414 751/
Corn, No. —
June .;..:.- 31H 31»4 30% $iv
Ju1y..... 32Vi 32<| SI? 32
September .......... 33H \ 334 . 32% 82«
,■ Oats, No. I— • • *
July ..:;..'...•..•.. ,.23K 23% 22% 22%
September. ...... 204 '.20%,' 20 20%
Mess Pork, per bbl— :; ■■ .•:-'■• ■■■
July .....10 30 10 SO ,10 10 = 10 25
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL,, THTJRSDAT, JUKE 9, 1398.
September .........10 47% 10 60 10 30 10 45
- Lard, per 100 lbs— ■ : v'-
July ..... 5 92% 6 92% 5 82% 690
September ......... 6 06 6 05 5 92% - 6 00
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July.. :.. 5 62% 6 62% 655 660
September 5 72% 5 72% 5 62% 570
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull; No. 2 spring Wheat. $I@l 03; No.
3 spring Wheat, S6c@sl 06: No. 2 red, $1 05@l OS;
No. 2 Corn, 81% c: No. 2 Oats, 27c; No. 2 white,
27%@28c; No. 3 white 26%e; No. 2 Rye. 45c:
No. 2 Barley, 33@40c; Prime Timothy Seed.
$2 75@277%; Mess P<"-k, per barrel. $10 20@10 25;
Lard, per 100 pounds. $5 87%®5 90; Short Ribs
sides (loose). $5 50@5 80; Dry Salted Shoulders
(boxed), 5f?5%c; Short Clear Sides (boxed).
*6®6 20. " ■..-■• . ' -■ -
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ,11.800 4,700
Wheat, bushels 33,500 9,100
Corn; bushels 951.500 583.200
Oats, bushels 422.000 245.500
Rye. bushels ;......... 11.200 108,000
Barley, bushels 25.800 1,500
On the Produce Exchange, to-day, the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13@15%c; dairies,
ll@l3c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 9%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 72.420 17.250
Duluth ....... X.MB 40.549
Milwaukee 35.350 1.300
Chicago ..: 88.888 9.146
Toledo 17.525 42.510
St. Louis 11.000 4.000
Kansas City 1.415 J. 247
Detroit 20,000 17,505
Totals 254,664 1*8,802
Tidewater —
Boston ••
New York '. '. '. '. '. '. '. '.".'" '. '. ' '. '. '■ '. ■ 365,375. 283.445
Philadelphia 1.929 2,230
Baltimore 44.253
New Orleans
Galveston
Totals .
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat- June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening «1 IB 49 85
Closing . 62 00 60 25
OjTenTnT •••.■•• £ » g«°
Closing 28 28 22 60
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
June. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 8 7 .6 7% 64%
Closing 810% 87% 64%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, June B.— CATTLE— was a
very good demand for cattle to-day at steady
prices, the greater part selling 10@15c higher
than at the close last week. Choice steers, $5©
5 3.'.; good, *4 56<fM 70; common, $4(34 30; stock
ers and feeders, $3 85(g5; cows and heifers. $3 40
<§*: canners. $2 50@3 35; calves, $4^7; Texas
steers, $3 50i5 v 4 75.
HOGS— demand from Chicago packers
and Eastern shippers for hogs was good. Prices
were 2V<iT.c lowor early, but firmed up later.
Fair to choice, $4 05(&4 17; packers. $3 90<S?4 05;
butchers', ;■'. 9094 12; mixed, $3 90<@4 07; lights,
$3 75®4 05; ptm, $2 7508 80.
SHEEP— Although the supply of sheep to-day
was large the demand was so good that yes
terday's advance was well sustained. Common
to lair sheep, $3 20^4 35: choice to prime, $4 75®
4 85; Texas sheep, $3 50^4; clipped lambs. 140
5 86; wooled lambs. $6 1O5?6 25; yearlings, $4 sOfg'
5 25; spring lambs, $6fT6 60. ',
Receipts— Cattle, 15,000; hogs, 32.000; sheep,
IS, 000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, June B.— CATTLE— Receipts. 3200.
Market steady; native beef steers, $4<f?4 SO;
Western steers, $3 75^4 45; cows and heifers.
$3 6O(?f>4 40; canners, $2 BOOS 25; stockers and
feeders. $4's?fj 20; calves, %Va6 r.O.
HOGS— Receipts, 6900. Market steady; bulk of
pales, $3 S3® 3 90; heavy, $3 85©3 95; mixed, $3 85
@3 90: light. $3 75<Ji3 85. '
SHEEP— Receipts. 1300. Market strong; fair
to choice natives, $3 80<@>4 50; do Westerns, $3 75
<i? 4 40; common and stock sheep, 53Q~4; lambs,
54 25@5 'JO.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. June B.— CATTLE— Receipts.
4000. Market steady to strong; native steers,
$4<f?4 80; native cows and heifers, $204 85;
stockers and feeders, $3@5 25; bulls, $3@4 90.
HOG. ?— Receipts. 15,000. Market steady to 5c
lower; bulk of sales. $3 "Sig^ 95; heavies, $3 Ss@
4; packers, $3 7f. /s |'3 95; mixed. $S65 i g'3 90; lights,
?3 60®3 So; yorkers. $3 80<£r<! 85; pigs $3@3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000. Market firm; lambs,
$4 75<i?6 &0; muttons, 13 20<fif4 C 5.
DENVER.
DENVER, June B.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1400.
Market firm; beef steers, $3 90@4 90; cows and
heifers. $3iff4 50; feeders, freight paid. $4®4 60:
stockers do, $4 10W4 70; bulls and stags, $2 500
3 50. /-,-••
HOGS— Receipts. 400. Market steady; light
packers. $3 90@3 95; mixed, $3 80@3 90; heavy,
$3 75®8 85.
SHEEP— Receipts. 200. Market steady; good
fat muttons, $3 25@4 80; lambs, $4 50@5 60.
THE WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. June B.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the
wool trade:
Prices are more firmly maintained than at
any time for weeks, while sales are smaller.
The renl cause of the activity Is traef»<i to the
fact that the demand for wool to go into army
goods seems to have been about satisfied for
the present at least. At the moment the prin
cipal concern of the trade is to arrive at an un
derstanding with the growers that will admit
of a profit in the seaboard mnrk«*M. However,
the West has shown no marked disposition to
concede anyth'ng In the matter of prices. It
Is believed that stock* of wuol on hand in the
mills are becoming depleted nnd that mill own
er? will soon be forced quite generally into th»
market. The sales of the week In Boston
amemt to 615..-.00 pounds domestic and 3?<5 ."iff)
of foreign, making a t.tal of ftsi.OOO. against a
V tal of 1. 335.000 In the previous week nnd a to
tal of 7,170,000 for the corresponding week last
rear. Sales since January l. l^g, amount to
51,<464,310 pounds, against 164,465,(00 pounds last
year at this time.
SALES OF CALIFORNIA FRUIT.
The Earl Fruit Company auctioned fruit at
the following prices:
f-HICAGO. June B.— Cherries— Black Repub
lican, 97c; Black Tartarian, 45c to Jl 10, aver
age 98c; Centennial, r>sc.
NEW YORK, June &.— Cherries— Black Re
publican, $1 10; Black Tartarian, 65c to $1 20,
average 84c; Purity, 70c. Apricots, Royal.
$1 X to |2 15, average $1 50: Newcastle. $1 15
to $2 IS, average Jl 38; Seedling, $1 25 to Jl 80,
average $1 49. Peaches— Alexander, Jl 30 to
Jl no. average $1 4fi. Plums— Clyman, $1 25 to
$1 70, average $1 3S.
BOSTON. Juno S— Cherries -Black Tartarian,
50c to $1 40, average 96c; Blgereau, 85c to $1 05,
average 93c; Cleveland. 80c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June B.— Consols, 111 6-16; Silver,
27d; Franch rentes, 103f 25c.
LIVERPOOL, June S.— Wheat, cargoes off
coast, buyers and seller?" apart: cargoes on
passage, buyers and sellers apart; English
country markets, general' 2s cheaper; Liver
pool Wheat. No. I California, spot, dull.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 9-lCd.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, fl-rn, 3s
Id: July, quiet. 3s I 7' 8 d; September. 3s 3vid.
WHEAT^-Futures closed quiet; July. 8s 10V4d;
September, 6s 7^d; December, 6s 4%d.
COTTON MARKKT.
NEW ORLEANS," June Cotton, quiet;
middling, 6 l-16c. • ,
- NEW YORK, June B.— Cotton, quiet: ' mid
dling, 6V4c.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND.. Or., June S.— Wheat nominal;
Walla Walla,- 75c; valley and blue stem, 78@80c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., June Wheat remains
dull; club, 80c; blue stem, 83c.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, June B.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance. $192,520,340; gold reserve,
$168,691,621.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. June B.— Exchange's, $320,
298; balances, J26.C06. -. ; . ■■
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION. c{
Sterling Exchange, sight — |4 85^
Sterling Exchange, CO days..' ' — 4 g7y 4
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange. .Bight..'.::... — 15,
New York Kxchane«. telegraphic. — 17W
Fine Silver per 0unce.........;...... 1 — ' 59^
Mexican Dollars ...Y..V....... ........ 46 4C^4
r.l WHEAT AND OTHER • GRAINS.
WHEAT— market v was stronger n'l
around, but business continued dull. . Thero are'
no new features worthy of note.
Spot Wheat— dipping, ; milling, $1 65®
1 CO per ctl. ■ ■■ ; . •
CAM.. ; BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
12 000 ctls, n 36%: 2000, $1 36%: 32.000, $1 36%.
Second « session— 2ooo ctls, $1 37% :
SOW, .16%; 26.000. »1 37. "3 • . . ■■ ■ ..■■,:■
'■•■ Regular morning : session — December — 18,0.0
ctls $1 TTV»: 18.000. *1 37%;. 14.000, $1 37%.
Afternoon , session — December — 12,000 cr]«.
$137%: 10,000. $137% : 'W00. |l 37%.
BAKLEV— The market was firmer, but prices
for actual grain ; showed no advance. . Futures
were higher. ' ■ !..'. V; ■ . . .
Feed, $1 17'i<JM 20: ; Brewing, nominal.
-:V: V •■ --CALL: BOARD SA KS. . 1
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— December— 2000 ctls, tl 17%;
2000. ti mk: coon, tl It
Hegular morning session — December— 2000 ctls,
$1 >'■■*-
Afternoon sc3«lon — December — 6000 ctls,
$1 17%; 2000, $1 17.
OATS— There la tho usual Jobbing trade.
Fancy feed, tl 40 per ctl; good to choice,
tl 32m&-l 37Vi; common, fl 30<S>l 82M,; Surprise,
$1 40@l 46; gray, $1 S2<4@l 35; milling, |1 Ss@
1 40 per ctl
CORN— Quotations remain undisturbed and
business is dull., • . : ■
Small- round yellow, $1 2501 30; large yellow,
$1 07%@l 10; white, $1 05®l 07% per ctl. -r •;"-..-.
! RYE— Dull and weaker at $1 30@l 35 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FL^ X AND : MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $5 50@6 60; bakers'
extras, $5 25@'C 33 per bbl. ; 7 . : -
MILLSTUFFS— in sacks are a« fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal. $2 50 ; extra ' cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal *4; Oat Groats, $4 26;
Hominy, $3 23@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25:
Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $4 75; ™hole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), »5 80
©6 20; in sacks, $5 60©6; Pearl Barley, t»4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 60 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
With the exception of wheat and alfalfa
there Is no new Hay whatever coming In, and
it begins to look as if the majority of growers
are going to hold. Receipts of old are also
falling off sharply and the outside shipments
have almost ceased. It is doubtful whether
there will be any decline in prices as usual this
summer.
Feedstuffs are unchanged.
BRAN— SIS 50<a16 00 per ton. ■
MIDDLINGS— $20 50&22 50 per ton. ',>..:■■.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $26@27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. *31©31 50; job
bing, $32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24(025; Cot
i tonseed Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $24 60;
Cracked Corn, $25
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $21®
23: Wheat and Oat. $20@22 50; Oat. $17@19;
Barley, ; compressed Wheat, $21@23; com
pressed Oat, $16@18; Alfalfa, $12013 60; Clover,
nominal; Timothy, $15@17
NEW HAY— Wheat, wire-bound, $18@21; Oat.
i ; Barley, ; island Barley, ; Al
falfa, $12@14.
STRAW— 6S@9Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There are some Government orders for Beans
here, but the Alaska demand has practically
disappeared. The market is firm.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90@3; Small Whites, $2®
2 10; Large Whites, $1 95@2 05; Pinks, $2 60®
2 70; Reds. $2 75@2 90; Blackeye. $3 25@3 40: •
Butters, $1 76®1 90: Limas, $2 90@3; Pea,; $1 85
62; Red Kidneys, $2 66@2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 25®2 bO per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. *3 15Q>3 26; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Seed. 2%® v 2%c per Ib; Alfalfa, 366 c; Rape, 2%@
2%c: Hemp, 2% @3c; Timothy, 6©6%0.
DRIED PEAS— $1 75@2; Green, $1 900
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plant, 10<a>12Vic per Tb;
Green Peppers, 10@124c; Tomatoes, $2@2 60 per
box.
! New Yellow Onions have appeared. Now Po
| tatoes are weaker.
I Green Corn came In from Vacnvllle and
] brought 2o^r>Oc per dozen. String B»ans are In
: larger supply, dull and lower. Vacavllle Toma
| toes had a very wide range, according to qual
ity.
POTATOES— River Burbanks, 40tf?50c per
i sack; Oregon Burbanks, 40@>60c; Petaluma Bur
i banks, 50W60c per sack: new Potatoes, SOQTSc
I for Early Rose and 60986 c for Burbanks, In
i boxes.
1 ONlONS— Australian Jobbing at $4®* 50; new,
'1 6C<^r6Tic per ctl for Red and 75990 c fur Yellow..
I VEGETABLES— Receipts were 403 boxes As
1 paragus. C 3 boxes Rhubarb, 312 Backs Peas and
125 sacks Beans.
Asparagus. $2 50 for extra large; $1 50!g2 J>
per box for No. 1, 50c(ff$l 25 for small; Rhu
barb, Soosisl per box; Green Peas. 75c<f?$l 23
! per sack: Garden Peas, 2c per lb: String
Beans, 4@Bc; Wax Beans, s(fi7c: Horse Beans,
40(?i00c per sack; Summer Squash, 75c@$l per
box; Dried Peppers. 6fl7c per lb; Dried Okra,
I 12>±c; Cabbage, 50<f60c per ctl: Carrots, 30fiWc
per sack; Mansville Cucumbers, OOr'ffll per
bo-; A'acavllle Tomatoes, JHI2 25 per box; Gar-
He, 5c per Tb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, I2r per lb In lots of 25
tt>s; sliced, desiccated, IBtMSr; granulated, raw,
13.-: Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips,
25c; String Beens, 30c; Tomatoes, &oc.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at ll@l2c for Turkeys,
$6<3s 50 for Hens and $4 7f.ff." for old Roosters.
Local stock was not materially changed, ex
cept a decline in Hens.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lP«?12c for Gob
blers and 10@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair, 75c
0$1; Ciosllngs, $191*15: Ducks, SSoS 50 for old
and $3i}f-4 50 for young; Hens, $3 ."O';r4 CO; Roos
ters, young, $?©s»: Rooster;*, old. $3 *.o@4; Fry
ers, $696; . Broilers, $3 sur<i4 50 for large, $2'(f3
for small; Pigeons, $1 25'jjl 60 per dozen for
young and $1 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
AH descriptions remain about as previously
quoted. The feeling is weak In Butter and
Cheese arid firm In Eggs.
BUTTER— :
Creamery— Fancy creameries, " 18%@19c;* sec
onds. 17V*ilSe.
— Choice to fancy. 16%Q!17%c: common
grades. 15@16c per Ib.
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery. 165?
16V4c; ladle-packed, 15@16c per lb; Elgin, 17
©lSe.
CHEESE— mild new. B%@"9c; old. 7V;
80; Cream Cheddar, 10 ; illc; Young America,
»@10c; Eastern, 12013 c. -
EGGS — Eggs, 1",f?17c per dozen; store
Eggs, 14015 c; Eastern, 14%@15c; Duck Eggs,
16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Arrivals of Peaches and Apples are much
larger and they are weak • in consequence.
Apricots are also plow, as their small j size Is
\ against their sale. It looks as If almost all
fruit would be small this year. Cherries are 1
miserable as a rule.
Berries are about the same.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— >.
Receipts w-re 271 chests. of Strawberries and
6400 boxes of Cherries and 956 boxes Apricots.
Strawberries. >2'<H per chest for large and
(697 for small berries. •
White Cherries, l.'®3oc per box; black, 2551
50c; Royal Annes, 85050 c; loose Cherries, IS?
j 2c for white and l^.'iirv per It) for black, and
2%5?3%c for Royal Anne.
• Currants, }2'a^ 50 per chest.
Blackberries, 75@90c per crate and per
drawer, v
Plums, 35^65c per crate and 35®50c per box;
Cherry Plums,. 20<f?30c per ; drawer and 35@50c
per box.
Apricots, 50«T'75c per box and 60@85c per
crate for Royal*,
Peaches, 40®76c per box . and 60@75c per
basket.
Goo^f-berrie*. Va> per lb for common and
4fiso for ■ English. '
Newcastle Raspberries. $1 50 per crate; Near
by Raspberries, (8(gl2 per chest..
Apples. Uulin 50 per box: new Apples, 40<3>
BOc per box and 25 / S3scp— basket.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 75@3 25;
Seedlings, 75c@l 25; Lemons, 50c®$l for com
mon and $1 "■■'i2 for good to choice; ; Mexican
Limes, $""£?*: California Limes,. in small boxes.
40<(ir>0o: Bananas. II 2692 per bunch; Pine
apples, ffC'H-4 per dozen. -
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
There are not mor- '•;--■ fifty cars of Prunes
left In the State, and dealers expect to clean
them all up before the new crop comes for
ward. At present all kinds are dull.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%@
Dc for 40-60*8, 4U@4V-c for .'O-60' s, 3%<jf4c for
60-70' s, ZKmViQ for "0-80's, 2%@3c for 80-90*6. 2%
@2%c for 90-100' s; IVaohea. • 3^sc; • fancy, s%i#
6c; peeled. 10<J12%c; Apricots, 5'g v 6%c for Royals
and 7@Sc for good to fancy Moorporks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7%{fß<:: sun-dried, 4V 2 W.">c; Black
Figs In sacks. 2'~i2 ii ' 2 c; Plums. 4%@4%c for
pitted and l>£<i?l%c liTr unpltted; bleached
Plums, [ii(( ?.'•,-.(': Nectarines, 45J5c for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2%5?4%c for quarterc and 3@5%c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— I%@2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown. 3 1 - 2 c for four-crown, 4^4c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and |1@
110 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2%c .
' NUTS— "Walnuts, 3^40 for hardshell, 4<r?6c for
softshell; Almonds, Zr^He for hardshell, 6®7c for
softshell. ! '.!i!tc for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
&%c for • Eastern and 4%c for California; ; Pe
cans, 6%@Bc; Filberts. 9%@10c; Brazil Nuts,
B£'9e per Ib; Cocoanuts, ■■ $4 Co@s per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9@loc for bright and 6<J7c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 5%®
Cc; light amber extracted, 4%@5%c per It).
BEESWAX— 24(6'26c per It).
PRpVISIONS.
CTTRED MEATS — Bacon, 9c per IT) for
heavy, 9M>e for light medium. 10c for light,
lie for extrn light and 12f@12V4c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10Vfc®llc; Cali
fornia Hams. HMftOc; Mess Beef, $10 CO per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork. $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17ft'17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12<i"(12\ic per
lb.
LARD — Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per IT)
for compound and BVic for pure; palls, 914 c;
California tierces, SViC per fb for compound
and 7Hc for pure: half barrels, 7%c; 10-tb
tins, SVic; 6-!b tins, S«c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%<3>7Hc; packages,
lens than 300 lbs— l-11> pails. 60 In a case, 9V6c;
3-tt> palls, 20 In a case, S%c; B-lb palls, 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-rt> pulls, 6 In a case, B%e; 50-Ib
tins. 1 or 2 in a case. V£c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, SVic; fancy tubs, SO tbs net, T^kc; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7^c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides continue to show a good deal of
strength, and ' a change. In price is liable to
occur any day now.
HIDES AND SKJNS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 1c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10<Sil0Vj,c; medium, 9@9Hc; light, 9c;
Cowhides, 9r#9V4c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9V4c;
Calf, 10c; dry Hides. 16V4c; culls and brands,
Ueiß%c; dry Kip end Veal, 15@lfic; dry Calf,
ISQKc; culls, 16(ffl"c; Goatskins. 20#37<6c each;
KldE, s(ffloc: Deerskins, good summer, 25<g30c
per tti; medium. 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20ffl3nc each; short wool, 4O(iJ7oc
each; medium. TOffOno; long wool, 90c@$l 30
each; Horsehldes, salt, $2@2 50 for large and
$1 50@2 for small; Colts. 25ij?5Oc; Horsehides,
dry, $1 6Cg2 for large and *I@l 50 for small;
Colts, 25050 c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. Bf3Vio par lb;
No. 2, 2@2V4e; refined. 4Vi@*%c; Grease, 20.
WOOL— Fall clip, San Joaquln. defective, 70
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern,
17@18c. ", -.. . .
HOPS— crop. 9@12%c per It>.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
No further advance In Hogs Is noted.
• "Wholesale .'.. rates for , ■ dressed ' stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
I BEEF— First quality, 6»£c; second quality,
5%c; third quality. 4@sc per Tb. i
VEAL— Large, 4@se;' small, 6@7c per Tb.
MUTTON— 7V4@Bc; Ewes, 7@7*4c per
It). ;■■• . ..'.■■■.:■■'.'-■-■■.. ' . . ■. • >
: LAMB— B®3V4c per It).
. PORK— Hogs, iY*m%c for large, *%<&
4%c for medium and 3%@4c. for small; stock
Hogs, 3%@3V4e: dressed Hogs, 6@7c. •
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. June-Jury, 614®
5%e; Wool Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend.
$7 60; Cumberland. $10 25 in bulk and $11 50 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 00; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks. » • '*■■.■.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6V4c; Dry
Granulated, '5%c; Confectioners' A, 5 T «c; Mag
nolia A, 5Hc; Extra C, 6%c; Golden C, s^c;
Candy Granulated, 6c; California A, 5%c per
Ib; half-barrels iic more than barrels, and
boxes He more. _____
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, Jnne 8.
Flour, qr skg ... 14,904 Leather, rolls ... 101
Barley, ctls 1,200 Eggs, doz 12.030
Cheese, ctls 243 {Chicory, bbls .... 25
Butter, ctls 467; Wine, gals 288.000
Beans, sks 160 jQulcksllver. flsk. 55
Potatoes, sks ... 2,456 Straw, tons 10
Onions, sks 250 Hops, bales 30
Bran, sks 650 Wool, bales 286
Middlings, sks .. 290 ; Hay. tons 171
Shorts, sks 025 1 Pelts, bdls 2,585
Hides, no 4571
OREGON.
Floor, or ska ... 8,1021 Shorts, ska 625
Bran, sks 5001
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1.600!
UTAH.
Hay, tons 10 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
Trading In mining stocks waa quiet, and
there, were no changes worth mentioning.
The Kentuck assessment falls delinquent In
office to-day.
On the Bond Exchange Oceanic Steamship
advanced to 162 87^4, this being the only note
worthy change.
The Silver King Mining Company of Utah
has declared a monthly dividend of 25c per
share, amounting to $37,500, payable June 10.
Th<» Crown Point Mining Company has re
elected the old management, with C. L. Mc-
Coy as president, James Newlands secretary
and 11. M. Gorham superintendent.
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week amounted to eight carloads of ore, of the
average car sample assay value of $51 89 per
ton. The ore was extracted from the work
ing above the north drift on the 900 level. No
change U reported In the condition of the
mine.
In the Caledonia mine the Incline upraise
from the southeast drift on the 1100-foot level
has reached the 1000 level. When timbers,
chutes and ladders are In place they will cut
out a station and then start a crosscut from
the head of the Incline and extend the same to
the footwall.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE}.
WEDNESDAY, June B—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. 107% 107% Oakland Gas.. 48 49
4s quar reg... — 111 Pac Gas Imp.. 87% 88
is quar new... — 122 Pac L Co — 50
' Miscellaneous— S TS G & E... 87% 87%
Cal-st Cab 55. 114% — San Fran .... 3% —
:~al El 6s 125 — Stock Gas .... 12 —
- C Wat 5a... 101 . — Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Firem's Fund. lßs —
E L & P 6a. .1274— Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 68.113 — Anglo-Cal .... 55 65
-■Jeary-st H ss. — 98 Bank of Ca1. .243 245%
II C& S 5%5..100 105 Cal SD & T.. — 109
L A LCo Gs. — 100 First Nat ....202%21?
Do frntd 6a.. — 103 Lon P & A...127%130
Market-st f.s .. — 126 V. Mer Exchange 10 15
Do Ist M .1134114 Nev Nat 8....152%160
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 97% Savings Banks—
VC NG Hy7s.in3 - Ger S & L..1550 1650
N Ry Cal 65.. 107Vt — ' Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 55.. 100% 101% Mutual- Say. — 42%
NTN T PC R R 6s. — - S»F Say U.. — 600
NPC R R 55. 100% — SAL 50.... — 100
Dak Gas"ss.. ion — Security S B 250 —
Do 2<l is 55.. 109 111 Union T Co. 975 —
Om Ry 6°..... 124% — : Street Railroad—
P & O Gs 108% — California ....107% —
V & Cl Ry 65. 108% — Geary 40 —
Powell-st -(!«;.. US 120 ' Market-st .... 5314 54
Reno L&-L..100 — Presidio ....... 6 9%
Sac Elecßyfm.MO — Powder—
SF & N P 55.107% — California ....125 160
SlerraACal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... 85 —
S Pof Ar 65. .105 — Giant Con Co. 43% 46
» r Cal 65....— 113 Vigorlt 3 . 3%
SPC Is c? :, .. 94 — Miscellaneous—
> PBr i;5.....!'.25i1H Al Pac Assn.. 93% 94%
| V Wat 65... — lltU Gen Ld Wks..llo —
B V Wat 45...101»<iJ01% liana P C 0.... 12 —
.Stock Gas »!s.. — 103 [I C a S Co.. 22% 22>,i
Water Stocks— ' Hutch S P Co. 49% 50
Contra Costa.. 55 5S Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Mnrin Co ..... SO — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 99% 99% ' Oceanic S Co. 62% 62%
Gas & Electric— |Pac A F L.... 1% —
>nt Gaslight. los — ;Pac Bot C 0.... 97% —
Mutual El Co. — 11%< Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Session.
50 Hutchlnson S P Co ....' 50 00
. 5 Spring Valley Water ......... 9» 37%
50 Vlgorit Powder 3 12%
230 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 22 37'>
25 do do 22 23
50 Oceanic Steamship Co :.... "" 6° 00
10 do do 62 25
. . ' Afternoon Session
10 Oceanic Steamship C 0.... 62 3714
20 do do ; ::::::: c? 50
95 do do '.'.'.'..'.'. 62 62%
35 do do 62 75
25 do do ."e2 87%
20 Spring Valley Water 99 25
60 'do do 99 37%
10 Pacific Coast 80rax..... 102 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
, 25 Hawaiian C & S Co 82 25
Street—
10 Spring Valley "Water <;,.. 99 25
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 62 12 l
10 Hutchtnson S P Co 49 57%
Afternoon Session
100 Hawaiian C & S C 0...... 22 37%
55 do do 22 25
65 Hutchinnon S P Qo 49 87%
75 do t* do . 50 00
100 Visrorlt Powder 3 25
10 S F Gas & Electric C 0..... 87 50
IK Market-street Railway 53 62%
JO do do 63 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San -Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 24 200 Mexican 16
300 Caledonia ....... 27100 Potosl ....... 15
200 Con. Cal & Va.. 46 100 Savage .08
500 .............. 45 100 Sierra Nevada.. 67
500 Gould & Curry.. 16 200 ............... ,.ri 68
500 Hale & Norcross 82 100 Union C0n...... 07
100 SO
*..'., Afternoon Session.
200 Andes ........... OS 100 Gould & Curry.. 16
100 xlest & Belcher. 22J300Oph!r 30
200 Chollar , 10,900 Sierra Nevada.. 64
400 Con Cal & Va.. 45 300 Union Con ...... 07
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
.'-• . ' '. : Morning. Session. ■ -
200' Best & Belcher. 24|l00Ophlr .32
200 Caledonia .... 26 13001 300 Savage .......... OS
COO C hollar ......... 111800 Sierra Nevada.. 66
600 Con Cal & Va.. 46 200 ............ 68
800 Crown Point ... 11 400 69
200 Gould & Curry.. 16 'SCO Union Con ...... 07
700 Mexican ........ 17.400 Yellow Jacket... 21
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha .....03 600 ........ ....... . 15
r,OO Belcher ......... 08 250 Ophlr 31
800 Best & Belcher. 22 200...;.. ;... 30
300. 21 200 Potosl ..:........ 14
1200 Chollar ........ 10 400 Sierra Nevada.. 66
C 00..:. 09 250 ...... ; ' 65
CO" Con Cal & Va.. 45 500 ............ ....... 64
600 Crown Point ..11300.... 63
200 Gould & Curry.. 16 200.. 60
200 Hale & Norcross 80 SCO Union Con .. 07
500 Mexican .;....;. 16 200 ...... 06
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, June B—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. j Bld.Ask.
Alpha 02 03! Julia — 02
Alta 08 09' Justice 06 OS
Andes 08 09,Kentuck — 06
Belcher 07 08! Lady Wash ... — 02
Best & Belcher 20 21! Mexican 15 16
Benton 03 04 Occidental 65 —
Bullion — 05 Dphir 29 30
Caledonia 26 27 Overman 07 OR
Chollar 09 10 Potosl n j2
Challenge Con. 23 2f Savage — 05
Con Cal & Va. 44 45 Seg Belcher ... 04 06
Confidence — 45 Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 59 60
Crown Point ... 11 12 Silver Hill .... — 06
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate _ 03
Eureka — 20 Standard 160 165
Exchequer 01 03 I'nlon Con 07 08
Qould & Curry. 15 16 jl'tah 05 06
Hale & Norcrs. — 80 1 Yellow Jacket. 20 21
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Treasury Department, Office of the Lighthouse
Board, Washington, D. C, May 31, 1898.
Son Diego Bay.
Notice s hereby given that, owing to the
planting of submarine mines In the entrance to
this harbor, and the prohibition of navigation
at night, the following-named lights were dis
continued May 25 until further notice:
Ballast Point. Beacon No. 2, La Playa, Bea
con No. 6. Diamond Beacon.
During thick or foggy weather the fog-bell at
Ballast Point Light Station wIH be sounded
only between the nours of 4 a. m. and Bpm
This notice affects the List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1897, page 10, Nos.
956 to 990. and the List of Beacons and Buoys,
Pacific Coast. 1897. page 12. By order of the
Lighthouse Board.
FREDKRICK V. McNAIR.
Commodore. U. S. N., Chairman.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants" Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to rationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete -ets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The timtball on top of the building on Tele
gTaph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian.
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the tlmeball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any. Is
publisher? the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the mornln," papers the fc. lowing day.
C P WELCH. TCnslgn. IT. S. N.. In ennrge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of Hlph and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street r/harf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Port Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
JUNE— IS 93.
. ' Thursday, Juno 9.
Mb rtses... «•-•• ••••• * : "
enn eets.... ;..;« :.......■ .....i:oi
Moon rises. .....11:88 p. m.
► i^ldFeetl^lFeetlT I—lfwil—!re«1 — Ifwil— !re«
{j'H W- '• L W H W iLW
~~9 3:24-1 6Jt U:l«| —0 1! 4:831 .60 --6'.* l Ts
10 3:39 6.1 10:08| 0.6 1:181 5.? 11:181 2.4
11 s:lli| 4.8 11:08, 1.1 6:011 6.3 ;...........
L Wl 4.1 H W |L'W - !H W
12 0:3? - 2.01 6:26 8.01 r:00 1.8! 6:46 6.4
18 1:3) 1.81 7:49 8.9 12:4* 2.21 7:27 f-.«
14 2:24 121 3:03 3.9 1:36 16| B:C7 6 7
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence aa -O time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column irlves the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
when a minus slsn (— ) precedes the height,
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Purvey charts, except
when a mlnu sign (— ) precedes the heighth,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by th»> charts, /he plane of
reference 1b the mean of the lower low waters.
feII: A M i: KS TO A Kill VB.
City of Para.... Panama.
Oreeon Portland
Norm Font... numooiat
San Mateo IComox —
Are.it-v Coos Bay
Humboldt. ... Dv«a ..'
Valencia Alaska...
Santa Rosa Pan Diero..:
Fulton Portland ....
Ohio Seattle
Wellington Departure Bay
Orizaba Humooldt
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria &Pu«ret Sound..
Coiumoia Portland
Empire..... Coos Bar.. •••
Coos Bar Newport
Curacao... Mexico
Mlneola. Comox
Pomona San Diegro
Chllkat- Eel River ...
State or Cat.... Portiana...
Crescent Cltr.. Crescent Ciar
Homer NewDort -.
UtnatlHa... .. Victoria <fcPueet 5na.....
|Jne i'
|Jne 9
Jne 9
.Tne 10
Jpe 10
Jne 10
Jne 10
Jne 10
Jne 11
Jne 11
Jne 11
jne 12
Jne 12
I Jne 11
I Jne 13
IJne 18
I Jne li
Jne 14
Jne 15
Jne li
Jne 16
Jne 16
STL.4MEIIS TO S.UU
DESTINATION' I
Sails.
scoua
Homer
Arcati
Prof Morse
City Puebla
Chlikat...
St. Paui....
Oresron
L^elanaw .
Saiu.i Kosn
Humtx>ldt..
Norm Fork
Orizaba.. ..
Columbia..
Cleveland..
Coos uav..
Fulton
WalH Wlla
Moana
Pomona
State of Cai
Humboldt. ... June 10. 10 am
Newport June 10. 10 am
Coos Bar JunelO. 4 PM
Alaska. JuuelO
Vie 4 Per Sna Jane 10. 10 AM
Humboldi.... JunelO. a am
Alaska June 11. 2 pm
Portland |Jum>U. 10 AM
Alaska I June 11. 2 pm
San Diejo jJuneia. 11 AM
Alaska. I June U
Humboldt ... June 13. 9 am
Humbollt .... June 13. 10 AM I
Portland June 14. 10 am
j Alaska June 14
JNewport June U. » am
lOrwon Ports June 14. 10 am
! Vie k Pel Sdj I June 15. in a « |
Sydney June 16. 2pm
San Dieeo June l<i. 11 asi
I Portland June 17. 11l am
Pier —
Pier 11
Plar 13
Pier 9
Pier IS
9 W 4
Pier 12
Pier 8
Pier 11
I
Pier 2
I Pier 9
Pier 12
I
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier »
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier li
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, June
8, IS9B.
The time ball on TelegTaph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — i. c.. at nooon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time. C. P. WELCH,
Ensign, IT. S. N., In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. June 8.
Stmr City of Para. Zeeder, IS days from
Panama and way ports.
Stmr Orescent City, Stoekfleth, 34 hours from
Crescent City.
Nor stmr Tltanla Egenes, 3 days 16 hours
from Nanalmo.
Stmr Scotia, Haneen, 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Homer Jessen, 74 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Chllkat, Anderson, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, June 8.
Stmr San Bias Russell, Panama, etc; P M S
S Co.
Stmr City of Topeka, Thompson, Seattle;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona. Debney, San Diego and way
ports; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Samoa, Johnson. St Michael, with stmr
Monarch In tow; Cal Northwestern T & M Co.
Schr Mary Anrv Rosendall, St Michael; We
one Trading & T Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, June 8.
Stmr State of California. Green, Astoria.
Stmr San Bias, Russell, Panama, eta.
Stmr Pomona, Debne- Pan Diego, etc.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Rrlrtgett, Ventura,
Stmr Whltesboro. Johnson.
Stmr Cleone, Higgins, Albion.
Stmr Samoa, Johnson, St Michael, with stmr
Monarch In tow.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson.
Ship Luolle, Anderson, Seattle.
Bark Louisiana. Halerow, Chematnus.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Johnson.
Schr Mary Ann. Rosendall. St Michael.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOP— June 8, 10 p. m.— Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 16 miles.
DISASTER.
The schr J N Ingalls, hence May S, went
ashore on June 3 while going Into Aglahampo.
Vessel and cargo will be a total loss; crew
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT— SaiIed June B— Schr Mabel Gray,
for Eureka.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed June 7— Stmr
Alcatraz.
Arrived June B—Stmr8 — Stmr Alcazar, from Point
Arena.
SEATTLE— SaiIed June B— Stmr Ohio, for San
Francisco; Jap str Riojun Maru, for China and
Japan.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June B— Bark Vldette,
from Olympia.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 6— Stmr Pasa
dena, fn-m Eureka.
EUREKA— Arrived June B— Stmr Orizaba, he
June 7.
El'REKA— Sailed June B— Ftmr Hueneme.
ASTORIA— Sailed June B— Stmr Oregon, for
San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived June B— Schr F
8 Redfleld, from Newport.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COR.ONEL— Arrived June 7— Stmr Nennsyl
vanla, from Philadelphia from San Francisco.
LIMERICK— ♦• ~e<l June 7— ltal ship Fran
cesco Clampa. henoe Feb 9.
MONTEVIDEO— Arrived June 6— Pchr Stowell
Sherman, from BoFtnn for San Francisco.
PORT EUZADKTH- Arrived June 3— Br
ship Cloch, hence Feb 26.
VALPARAISO— Arrived April 30— Sohr Thoe
F Bayard, from Philadelphia for San Fran
cisco, and sfllled.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed May 4— Br ship H'lens
burßh. for Oregon. May 7— Rr ship Forrest
Hall, for Oregon: Br ship Port Carlisle, for
I'ort Townsend. 9 — Br bark Stanfleld, for Eu
reka.
HONGKONG— Arrived June 7— Br atmr Ga
elic, hence May 10.
AUCKLAND— Arrived June B— Stmr Marlpo-
Ba. hence May 19.
SClLLT— Passed .Tune 7— Ger ship Palawal,
from Orepon for Queenstown.
QUKENSTOWN— Arrived June B— ltal bark
Orlpnte, hence Jan 18.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed June 7— Rtmr Peru, for
Pan Francisco.
B.AILBOAE TEAVSL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1. 1898.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— 7:oo. •8:00.
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; *1:45, 3:20, 4:00. 5:15. '6:00.
6:30 p. in.
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. m.
SUNDAiS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— "B:oo. *9:00.
•10:00. 11:00, 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00. '145. »2:30. *4:00.
5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San RafaeL
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazaitero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'n.
BAILBO AD TRAVEL. '
■ODTHKRN P*UW« COMrAST.
(PACtriC HVMTRH.)
Train* lf>n*« »n«l '»'•• •'•■• to nrrlT* ■•
HATS VIIXSVtHVt*.
. - pr: (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) f
j mate ■ - Fbom Juke 1. 1898. - - arbtv
' •6 r OOA Niles. Sau Jose and Way Stations... •» : «*
7:OOa. Bruicia, SuUnn and Sacramento . I©:*sa
7xOOx Maryßville, Oiovilleand Redding t1»
Woodlaud .V. •••• Z'.i^l
7:OOa VacaTiUe and 8um5ey .. .. . . . . . • ■ ■ ■ .»-*>>P
7i»oa Martinez, San lUmon, Vallejo. >apa,
CalUtoga andSauta K05»......... • »»P
SiAOA Atlantic Kipress, Og.leu and East.. ».!■■»»
Mi»wa Nlles. San Jose. .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Maryimllo, CUico,
Tehamaaudße.ll»l'<lt..- ± >«'
•»:ao* Peters, Milton, 0akdu1u. ........... '•*»?
9i«tOA New Orleans Kinross. Merced, Fres-
no Bakerslield. Santa Barbara,
1-i Angela --DemliiK .El Faso,
New Orleans and Ka5t. ........... *'***
1»:O«a Valid-'. Martinez and Way Stations - . :45p
•l:00r Sacramento Hirer Steameni... : V, P
....... San Jose, Nllt ■« aod Way Stations. . . }»: 13a
«j»Op LiTermore, Moidota, llanford and
Vijftli* •••• •hop
....... UTi/rnioreVSan Jose, Nileaand Way . Is^
....... Fn-siiH,' Vosemite", Merced,' 'Martinez I 2: 1 3p
4:U<»i-Miirtlnr7., Hull lUihoii, , \ allrl",
■Nap*. CnliKtitfiH, Xl Vt-rano ami
Santa Uosa .•••••:• " ' ' 3*3 *
4iOOp Ucnlcia, VacaTiUe, Woodland,
Ki.ights landing, M*rysvllle, Oro-
Tlllo ami Hnerainentu '11,5*
4i3f>p Nlies, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. * il s?
4:30p Stockton, Lodi, Oakdale (James-
town for Yosemtte), Merced 18il3r
4:3«p Lathrop, Modesto. Merced. Berenda
(Raymond for Yosemite), Fresno,
Mojave, SauU Barbara and Los
Angeles 7i4»a
4iBOr Bauta Fe IConte, Atlantlo Kipresi
for MojaTe and East 6:43
6:00 v Kurupeau Mall, Ogden and East 0i4.1a
•OiUOr Vallejo 1 2: p
6:O»r lUytrardn. Nlles and San. 7:4.1 a
J7:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions t»:43»
SiOWp Oregon Kxpress.Htioraniento, Marju-
»lUe. noil.Unit, rortlaiul, I'ugiit
HiMind anil F,.uit S;l.la,
' SAN JiKAMMtO AM) IUVWAKDS l,O(Al,.
(Foot of Market Street.) .
i T Jlelrn«c. Seminary Park, / 7:l3ii
BtOOA KltohliurK. Klmhnrsf, '!0:!i! 0: !iJ A
.2 ! 22 A San l^andro, Sonth K»n !??}5 A
fI8:O0M liOren*o, Cherry ■ j ti:!sp
»3:0«p « <l '■ :«:!■■» p
- S:O»p HaywnrtlK. (3:43p
7>UOp i Runs Uirough to Nilea. . ?:43p
J t From Niles. I
COAST MVISION (Harrow Nance).
(Foot of Market Street.)
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations }Bt«3p
Si 13a Newark, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Oruz and Way
Stations 3:30*
•SilSp Newark. OenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *IO:S«a
4:1 3p Ban Jose, Olenwood 4 Way Stations 0:20 a.
04:13p Bonlder Creek and SaoU Cruz...... j'J:2»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN fßdltOlSOO— toe* of Mtrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:18 9:00 11:00 a.m. U:00 *2:00 t3:0O
•4:00 tB:OO *8:0 Op.m.
from QkllkM— F»ol of Brwdway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:OOa.K>
(12:00 •1:00 12:00 3:00 tl:00 "5:00 p.m.
COAST IU VISION (Br»a<l «a«ge).
- (Third and Townsend St«.)
' *7:UOA Bail Jose an<l Way Stations (New
Alnaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....,.. l:30»
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific drove and
Principal Way Stations !5:33»
• :00a Hhii Jose, Tres i'inos, Santa Crux, •"*.*. -
Pacific Qrore, Paso Rnblea, San
Luis Oliispo, Guadalupe, Surf aud •
Principal Way Stations 4ilop
IOi«Oa Ban Joee and Way SUti.-ns *8:00 a
Ili3oa San Jose and Way Stations *8:33 a
*2i45p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park, -:. ;■■
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Sau .lose,
Ollroy, Hollißter, Santa Oruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacifio
GroTe •IOtB«A
•S:SOp Ban Jose and Way Stations 00100 a
•4 ilsr San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:434
•3:OAp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
3:30p Sao Jneeatut Principal Way Statiou* . 3i30»
O::tOr San Jose ami Way Stations .: ? 7:3»»
t11:45r San Jose an.l Way 8tat10u5. ........ 7»»OJ)
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Siin«li\jg excepted. \ Sundays only, t Saturdays o^ly
! j Snndays and Monday?. o Saturdays and Sunday.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 11:85,
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. . Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:80, 11:00 a. m.; 1:33. >:SQ.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. '
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 1S:«L
3:40, 5:10 p. • m. ■ Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. • t..V;-<
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10. a. m.; 1:40. 1:1«.
6:00. 6:25 p. m. • .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
i same schedule as above. ■ •
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
April 23. •
Week I Bun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. _ days. [ Day.
"7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40am| B:4oam
I:3o pm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 pmjlO:2sam
6:lopm 6:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:3opm| 6:22pm
■ Fulton, " '
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 an
Healdsburg:,
Lytton,
Geyservill«,
B:3opm 8:00 am _ Cloverdale, _| 7:35pm I:22 pra
~7:30 am " j"H6pland and " 10:26 am
J:3opm| 8:00 am Uklah.__ | 7:33 pm| 6:22 pm
7:80 am " " |10 :25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
B:3opm I I «:gp«a
7:3o am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
* ' ' and
J:lopm 6 :00 pm _Glen Ellen. j.lO pm 6:22pm
7 :30 am I*B am I Sebastopol. 110:40 am|lo:2s am
. B:3o pm| 5:00 pm| I 7:3s pm| 6:2tpm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Oey-
serville ror.Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, New Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, I pper
Lake. Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, ■ Men-
docino City. Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
reduced rates. • -
On Sundays round trip tickets to .all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent,
Santa Fe Route
Ttiß BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*)
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time i
Leave San Francisco. 4:3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.K
Arrive Denver.. ......5:00 p. in.. W.T.F.S.S.M.TJ
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T. W}
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Chicag0.. .....9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W?
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates. ■ '■ " ■
yOU WILL BP COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Faj
Ul FHANCISCO TICKET — 644 MARKET SI
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. -..
. Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, 1898, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. ■ / North-bound.
Passen- Mixed ■ Mixed I Passen-
ger Sunday Sta- Sunday ]■ < ger i
Dally. Excpt'd tons. Exc'pfdl • Daily.
7:20 m, 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 p m .5:40 p m
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:60"p m 3:53 p m
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno ; 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:35 am 6:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 pm
, 2f15 p m 11:60 p m B'k'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 ii m 7:58 in, Vlsalla 6:40 a m 12:65 p m
Stopping at intermediate points • as required.
\ Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 8
p. m. daily: at Merced with stages to and
from Snellings, Coulterville, Yopemite, etc.;
also with stage from Hornitos, Mariposa. . etc.;
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing May 1.
> 1898 1- ; - 4 •/ 7' . ■".■ ' . - " . . - ■.
•Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— B :oo; 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.,' 1:45 and
1:30 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, , *1.
YHOS. COOK & SON, Asents. 621 Mar««l
street, San Francisco. ■ . .JONES TOLD
FALSE TALES
His Wife Files a Paper
Full of Sensation.
LIGHT ON A MYSTERY
HOW MONEY WAS OBTAINED TO
DEFEND OTHERS.
Another Chapter of the Story of
the Death of Young Annie
Johnson Last
Year.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 8.
George H. Francour of San Francisco i
Is suing Ernest N. Jones and Gertrude
K. Jonrs to recover payment of a prom
issory not* signed by Mrs. Jones.
To-day Mrs. Jones filed her answer and i
reveals a story full of sensation. She |
Bays that prior to 1597 she and Jones j
lived together as husband and wife, and j
she had perfect confidence in him. In
November, 1596, Anni*. Johnson entered I
thf>!r service as a maid. In the early part j
of last year this Annie Johnson died un
der suspicious circumstances, and Dr. C. !
J. Sharp and John Howard, who has
since married Annie Johnson's sister, were
tried for being responsible for the death
of Annie, but were acquitted.
At the time of the trial it was freely j
asserted that John Howard was not tne
guilty party, but that he was being used j
to protect a married man, whose name j
was not divulged. Certain it is that money 5
was forthcoming to defend Howard from ;
outside sources. According to Mrs. Jones'
answer she says that two months ago
Bhe discovered that Jones was not worthy j
of her confidence, and she brought suit i
for a divorce which is still pending. She j
denies that she ever delivered the note ]
to Francour upon which he is now suing.
And she says that her husband entered
Into a conspiracy with others to obtain ,
money from her. They represented to her ;
she related, that they were in danger of J
exposure from blackmailers and from i
newspaper reporters, who were threaten- '
Ing to give them unwelcome publicity In
connection with Annie Johnson's death.
She says that on these representations ]
she was induced to furnish them with i
money, and also while she was ill signed i
a note for $500. While believing -these
stories told by her husband, Mrs. Jones
authorized them to employ a good law
yer to defend them, and 6ayß they con
spired to suppress testimony and keep it i
from the District Attorney who conducted
the prosecution. Mrs. Jones further al- I
leges that altogether they secured from I
her $2500 between January 1. 1897. and May !
1. IS9S. Her attorneys are Messrs. Knight
& Heggerty.
The facts contained in Mrs. Jones' an
swer substantiate a story told by one of i
the attorneys in the case, but never be- |
fore made public. When Annie Johnson was
dying she frequently called for a man
named "Ernest," and to one of her girl
friends named Esther Nerney she con- j
liii^d the fact that Howard was not the
party responsible for her death. Some of:
tIK-se facts were told in whispers, but I
could not be substantiated at the time. ;
Since then it has often been stated that i
Jones obtained money from his wife upon '
the plea that his reputation was in dan- '
ger, and that it was necessary to use j
hush money. One of those men
tloned whom it was considered neces- j
eary to keep silent was so indignant when !
he heard the story that he w*»nt to one '
of the attorneys interested in the case and
ttdvi.ued with him as to running the mat
ter down for the purpose of guarding his
reputation.
The answer of Mrs. Jones has reopened
the case and will no doubt lead to
many exposures.
Late this afternoon the answer of Mrs.
Jones was withdrawn in accordance with
a stipulation entered into between coun-
Bel on both sides.
THE KILLING OF
HUGH WEBSTER WILLIAMS.
PRELIMINARY EXAMINATION
COMMENCED IN ALAMEDA.
The Prosecution Presents Its Side of
the Case — The Defense Will Offer
Evidence To-Morrow Night.
ALAMEDA, June B.— The preliminary
examination of William M. Gregory and
Abigail Miranda Gregory, on the charge
of murdering Hugh Webster Williams in
this city on the 22d ult. was commenced
this afternoon before Justice Morris. The
people were represented by District At
torney Snook and the defense by Attor
ney H. H. Davis of San Francisco.
Preliminary to the commencement of
the examination all the witnesses were
excluded from the courtroom.
Levi Siemmens was the first witness. !
He testified, as at the Coroner's Inquest, !
that he was hailed by Gregory, who was ;
covered with blood, and went with him '
into the house, where he found Williams ■
lying on the floor. Mrs. Gregory at first \
said ehe shot Williams, and afterward .
said she did not know whether she did or
not. Witness took the body of Williams
to the Morgue In his wagon. Gregory
had a black eye and bis face was
wounded. .
Officer Lawrence testified that he went
■with Gregory- from the police station to
the house. On the way down Gregory
said to him, speaking of Williams; "He
is laid out. He is the man who broke up
my home."
He also told what Mrs. Gregory said
about the affair, her account oeing the
same as already published.
Sergeant Conrad testified that Gregory
came to the police station, where he
was on duty, and told him that he had
had a fight down on Eagle avenue and
that he had better go down there. Mrs.
Gregory showed him her wrist swollen
and black, and told him how the affair
occurred. She said to him that she grab
bed the pistol and pointed It at Williams,
but did not know whether she shot him
or not.
Mrs. Courtofs testified that she was em
ployed by Mrs. Gregory as a servant.
She did not know "William*. On the day
In question he came into the house and
went into Mrs. Gregory's bedroom. She
heard the shot fired, but did not see any
pistol. After the shot was fired she saw
Gregory drag Williams into the kitchen.
She went into the room while the men
were fighting. Both were standing up
and had hold of each other.
Chief of Police Rogers testified to ob
taining possession of the pistol and find
ing one empty shell in it. «
This was the case for the prosecution,
and Attorney Davis for the defense then
moved that the defendant be discharged,
on the ground that the evidence adduced
by the prosecution did not clearly con
tain the elements of the offense charged.
The District Attorney objected and
claimed that the evidence of Dr. Buteau
alone was sufficient to hold them. Jus
tice Morris denied the motion ajid an ad
journment was taken until Thursday
evening at 8 o'clock, when the defense
will present its evidence.
Rev. Mr. Palmer Accepts a Call.
OAKLAND, June B.— This city Is to lose
Rev. S. S. Palmer, of the Brooklyn Pres
byterian Church. He has been here six
years, and recently refused a call to
Honolulu. The call accepted by him
comes from Springfield, O. He preached
for the congregation several Sundays last
month while in the East to attend the
I'resbyterlan synod. He will return to
this city before settling in his new pas
torate.
Did He Die for LoveP
Gustav Claassen, a middle-aged man,
who has recently arrived from Seattle,
committed suicide In a lodging house at
44 Third street last night. He left the
following letter, written In German and
addressed to Miss lv.aggie Dyick, 766
Howard street: "I love you and die lov
ing you. Forgive me for what. I have
done to you. Good-by; best wishes.
Gustav." The man was in very poor cir
cumstances, and is supposed to have been
demented.
SPANISH SPIES
IN OLD MEXICO
SEAPOSTS FULL OF SYMPATHIZ
ERS WITH THE ENEMY.
Treasury Department Gives Warning
for the Benefit of Captains of
American Vessels.
. W. B. Howell, Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury, addressed a letter "to Col
lector Jackson, received by the Collector
yesterday, which emphasizes the neces
sity of watchfulness on the part of the
masters of American vessels as against
the machinations of Spanish spies. The
letter is as follows:
Dear Sir: Your attention Is Invited to the
following extract from a recent dlsi>atch of
a consul of the United States at a Mexican j
port, which you are requested to bring to the
notice of the master of any vessel clearing
from your port to a port in Mexico:
"There is a very bitter feeling among
the Spaniards, not only here in this city
but everywhere along the coast in Coatza
coalcos, Frontera— in fact all over.- the
country where Spaniards are to be found—
and they are continually trying, by dis
tribution of circulars and otherwise, to
prejudice the minds of the Mexican people
against the Americans. ♦ • • From all
the information I get, and from what I
hear and see myself, I strongly recom
mend that captains of American, as well
as foreign vessels chartered by Ameri
cans, coming to ports of this country,
should be warned to be careful about '
whom they allow on board their vessels
to prevent any accident."
" « * »' .
ILL-TREATED HIS WIFE,
Mrs. Lillie Sullivan Granted a Decree
of Divorce From Thomas
Sullivan.
Mrs. Lillie Sullivan, wife of Thomas
Sullivan, a well known member of the
Cosmos Club, wad granted a divorce yes
terday by Judge Seawell. Some time ago
Mrs. Sullivan left her husband on ac
count of his ill treatment and went to
live with her parents. After the statu
tory time had elapsed Sullivan filed suit
for divorce against his wife on the
ground of desertion. Mrs. Sullivan filed
an answer, setting forth the facts that
led her to leave her husband, and a cross
complaint, in which she prayed that the
court grant her a decree on the grounds
of willful desertion and failure to pro
vide. Sullivan, when he found that his
wife was going into court and contest his
allegations, abandoned his suit and his
default was made a matter of record.
Evidence in the case was heard by Judge
Seav/ell yesterday, with the result that
he granted her a decree on the grounds
mentioned.
GREENE FORGERY CASE.
The Preliminary Examination Com-
menced Before Judge Mogan.
The case of Attorney A. J. Greene,
charged with forgery by John Lapique,
was called in Judge Mogan's court yes
terday. Attorney Prescott, who repre
sented Lapique, asked for a continuance,
but Greene and Attorney J. D. Sullivan
strongly opposed it, as they said they
had the documents to prove Greene's in
nocence.
It was finally decided to take the evi
dence of Attorneys H. N. Clement and
Henry E. Highton. who were witnesses
for the defense, and were anxious to get
away. Their evidence referred to the set
tlement of a claim that Clement had on
the estate of Jean Louis Ader, based
upon a promissory note for $1000. which
Clement had given to Highton. Attorney
Prescott moved that the evidence should
be stricken out, as it had no bearing
upon the case, and the Judge said he
would reserve his decision.
Attorney Highton was being cross-ex
amined as to his business connections
with Lapique, when a continuance was
granted till this afternoon to enable him
to refresh his memory. Greene claims
that he has a good case.
SUCCESSFUL THE THIRD TIME.
Frederick Nachtigall, Despondent,
Ends His Life.
Frederick Nachtigall, a grocer living
and doing business at the corner of Post
and Broderick streets, committed suicide
by inhaling illuminating gas last night.
Nachtigall lost his wife about three
months ago and has been gradually sink-
Ing into a state of despondency border
ing on dementia ever since. Twice he at
tempted to end his life by gas. but was
discovered in time to save his life. Last
night he found himself unwatched, and
seizing the opportunity, went into the
kitchen, attached a rubber pipe to the
gas jet, placed the end in his mouth and
calmly sat down to let the deadly fumes
do their work. He was not discovered
until life was extinct and the Coroner
was immediately notified. Nachtigail
was 67 years of age and leaves a grown
up daughter.
GUSTAV WALTER'S PROPERTY.
His Widow Brings a Suit to Recover
Against Mrs. Sterritt.
Mrs. Josephine Walter has filed a cult
In the Superior Court to recover posses
sion of jewelry, household goods, etc.,
contained In the Orpheum Annex at 121
O'Farrell street.
Mrs. Walter alleges that the goods con
talnpd in the building were the property
of her husband at me time of his death,
and that they are now being illegally
held by Mrs. Sterritt, who refuses to
give them up. The property is valued at
$2500, and she asks, aa administratrix, an
order restoring it to the estate. She also
demands $1000 damages for its unlawful
detention.
FARE DEDUCTIONS.
The Southern Pacific joined the reduc
tion list yesterday. The fares for second
class rates in which a reduction has been
made are as follows: To Kansas City,
Omaha and other Missouri River points,
to $31; to Chicago, $32 50; to New York
and Boston, $42 5o; to St. Louis. $37. The
reductions went into effect yesterday, and
will be on lines by way of Ogden; iby way
of Mojave, over the Santa Fe; and over
the El Paso and Texas.
It was UnDemocratic.
The following resolutions were adopted
at a meeting of the Thirty-fourth As
sembly District Democratic Club last
evening:
R*polve<l. That we, the members of the
Thirty-fourth District Democratic Club do
hereby denounce the action of the State Cen
tral Committee in appointing a Committee of
One Hundred to conduct the affairs of the
Democratic party of the City and County of
San Franclaeo, as we consider said action to
be arbitrary and UnDemocratic, and not in
accordance with the plan of organization of
the Democratic party.
Resolved, That said nctiOH was a usurpa
tion of "bower on the part of the State Central
Committee; and be it further
Resolved. That a committee of three be ap
pointed by the chair to confer with the Demo
crats of the various districts to arrange for a
mass-meeting of Democrats to protest against
the course of the Stats Central Committee.
To Disoar "Black" Coffey.
John J. Coffey, a Police Court practi
tioner, otherwise known as "Black" Cof
fey, stands a good chance of being de
prived of the right to practice in any
court. A short time ago he was convict
ed in the Police Court of a misdemeanor,
for .having attempted to extort money by
verbal threats. Judge Joachimsen im
posed a fine. All this has caused the legal
fraternity to believe that Coffey is not fit
to represent the profession In court or
out. In order to prevent him from so do
ing In the future action has been brought
In the Supreme Court citing him to ap-
Eear and show cause why he should not
c disbarred.
- In the Divorce Courts.
Suits for divorce were granted yester
day U> the following unhappy couples:
Bessie Foulker from W. H. Foulker, on
the ground of failure to provide; Louis
James Frederiksen from Delia Frederik
sen, on the ground of cruelty; Virginia
X. McDermott from William McDer
mott, on the ground of extreme cruelty;
Helen O. Burns from Edward O. Burns,
on the ground of cruelty. H. Rosenbaum
filed a suit for divorce from his wife, An
nie Rosenbaum, alleging infidelity as a
causa of action,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1898.
MANY NOTES
YET UNPAID
German Loan Society
Sues to Recover.
BIG BROADWAY MORTGAGE
Q. G. BAKER MADE THE DEAL
SIX YEARS AGO.
Twenty Notes Were Executed, but
Only Four Have Been Paid.
Much Interest
Sue.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 8.
The manner In which a large block of
unimproved city property can eat up a
fortune in interest was told In complaints
filed this afternoon in the Superior Court.
The German Savings and Loan Society
has sued George G. Baker, "W. J. Din
j gee, the Real Estate Combine, W. F.
Lewis, John and Richard Roe, for $60,000.
There is a separate suit filed against each
defendant. G. G. Baker has not resided
in this State for more than a year.
The suit is based on a land deal made
In June, 1892. The property is located on
Broadway, between Fourteenth and Fif
teenth streets, and is a large vacant lot
124x100 feet. In 1892 it was one of the
most valuable blocks in the city, but the
move of the city westward has caused it
to depreciate in value.
To guarantee payment notes were exe
cuted on each of the five lots of which the
i block is composed. Four notes of $4500.
i four of $3500. four of $4200, four of $4000 and
• four of $3750 were executed and were to
I carry interest at the rate of S-12 per
! cent per month, compounded monthly.
j The notes were made by George Baker to
\V. J. Dingee, and were guaranteed by a
mortgage of the bank.
W. J. Dingee disposed of the notes to
j the German Savings and Loan Society
i and the first note of each four was paid,
i The remainder were to be paid at inter
; vals of a year. Since the first payment
I was made the interest has been regularly
I paid up to December 9 of last year.
Three of each serise of notes and In
terest from last December are now due,
: and the German society has brought suit
Ito foreclose on the property, the total
! amount- due being $Co.ooo.
Mr. Dingee disposed of his Interest to
the loan society three weeks after ac
cepting the mortgage, and is merely a
formal defendant, G. G. Baker being the
maker of all the notes.
ALL DEPARTMENTS
WANT GOOD MONEY.
ESTIMATES OF EXPENSES SUB
MITTED BY THE AUDITOR.
What the Various Offices Think They
Will Need for the Year to
Come.
This is the time when estimates of ex
penses for the coming year blossom from
every municipal office, and they are now
being gathered in by the Auditor, to be
used in making his own estimates of the
city's financial needs. There were several
submitted yesterday.
The estimate of the Public Library Is rs
follows: Salaries. $29,000; books (new),
$13,000; replace books, $1750; periodicals,
$225(1; rent, gas and fuel for branches,
$2300; printing and stationery, $2000; bind
ing. $3500; electric power for elevator, $700;
furniture and repairs, $3000; sundry ex
penses. $500; total, $58,000.
The Tax Collector submits this esti
mate: Regular salaries. $14,200; extra
clerks, $40,000; publishing delinquent tax
list. $3000; compiling military roll, $2500;
stationery, advertising, as usual, about
$2000.
The Coroner asks for $25,825, distributed
as follows: Salaries, $17,200; horses and
wagons, $fiOO; horse shoeing. $60; chemical
analyses. sl2oo; photographing unidentified
dead, $100; expenses of office, $1800; sta
tionery. $300; recovery of bodies from bay,
$700; typewriter. $100; microscopical appli
ances, $300; refrigerating apparatus, $1000;
scales, $100; interpreters' fees, $100; tele
phone. $288; burial of indigent dead, $700;
chemical appliances, $500; rent, $780.
Assessor Siebe answers the Auditor's
call for estimates as follows: Regular
salaries, $28,300: extra deputies, $75,000;
printing, etc., $2600; horse and buggy, $600;
subscription to papers, $25; total, $108,425.
Joseph Figel, for the Exempt Firemen,
asks for $12,000.
Surveyor Tilton askes for salaries, $500;
printing, $325; additional expenditures,
$5000; total, $5825.
The Law Library asks for $4050, $3850 of
which is for salaries.
The Justices' Clerk wants $22,980, prac
tically all of which is for salaries.
MAN'S INFATUATION
FOR A PRETTY WOMAN
LOVE IN SOUTH AFRICA ENDS IN
THE POLICE COURT.
Lena Surprenant, Alias Flossie Ed
wards, Arrested on Complaint
of Oscar Frederickson.
Another case of a man's infatuation for
a pretty woman will be heard in Judge
Mogan's court to-day. The complaining
witness is Oscar Frederickson, a civil en
gineer, and the woman Is Lena Surpre
nant, alias Flossie Edwards, who, about
two years ago, was the inmate of a house
on Quincy place.
Frederickson worked for the Homestead
Mining Company, Black Hilla, and it sent
him to South Africa about a year ago.
While in Johannesburg he met Lena and
they lived together. According to Fred
erickson she was always expressing a de
sire to get back to this city, but had no
money, and finally he consented to take
her back. The night before they sailed
from Cape Town he got drunk and she
stole £200 from his belt and obtained a
bank draft for the amount In her own
name. When he accused her of taking
the money sbe told him she would give it
to him when they reached this city. They
arrived here about two weeks ago and
took rooms in the Milton Houae, 158 Third
street. Tuesday she removed her bag
fage from the house and stole $S5 from
Yederickson's pockets. She gave the
landlady $25, telling her to give It to her
husband, as she was going to the springs.
Frederickson reported the case to tha
police and Detectives Ryan and ODea
arrested Lena at 325 Bush street. Yester
day she was booked at the City Prison on
a charge of grand larceny, and another
charge of having obscene pictures in her
possession was registered against her.
Lena tells a different story. She says
when she met Frederickson he was In
hard luck and she loaned him £40. She
also paid his fare to this city and the
draft was her own money. She denied
taking: the $85 from his pocket.
A DAY AT EL CAMPO.
Annual Picnic of St. Francis Church
, Will Be Held on Saturday.
The annual picnic of St. Francis Church
will be held at El Campo Saturday and
promises to be a . very enjoyable affair.
The arrangements have been completed,
and It only remains for the weather man
The Chinese Flag.
. The . standard *of i the ; Celestial ? Empire \lt a
very queer . looking * affair. V-. It ": represent* - the
most" grotesque of green * dragons en a yellow
ground. ' The latter :Is ; suggestive i, not ' only :of
the - national ; complexion, but : also of that 'of
a sufferer from ' bi 1 it* sness. ■• ■To < t remove ■•• this
unbecoming ' tint % from - the ■ complexion use
Hostetter's »r Stomach -' ! Bitters, v; which will
speedily^ regulate > your liver, prevent = malaria,
and v remedy s dyspepsia, > nervousness, rheuma
tism and kidney complaint. . 'i
to do his duty to insure the complete suc
cess of the day's outing. There will be
the usual number of competitive events,
the chief of which is a rowing regatta.
A number of handsome fancy and useful
articles have been donated, which will
be distributed as prizes to the successful
oarsmen.
The committee in charge of the affair
consists of P. A. Bucklev chairman; A.
Connlch. secretary; Captain Patrick Con
nor, Captain Foley, Eugene O'Neill. Mr.
Neily. Edmond Foley, James Kitterman,
Charles J. Reily. Mr. McFadden. T. C.
Cunningham, S. Fay, P. McGown, Charles
Fuller, D. uowd, P. Quirk Sr., B. Glea
son, Lieutenant A. Mclntyre. George
Henderson, Sergeant R. Behan, L. Faure,
Joseph A. Murphy. R. Ruff, H. Ford. J.
McElroy, John J. Brusher. P. Thornton,
M. Thornton, M. McGUnchey. D. Patten,
Eugene Meehan and Mr. Nicholas.
STATE MINING DELEGATES.
Governor Budd's Appointees to the
International Convention.
SACRAMENTO, June B.— Governor
Budd to-day appointed the following dele
gates to the International Mining con
vention to be held at Salt Lake City,
Utah, on July 6. 7 and 8: *-'«,•«
H W. Duncan, Los Angeles; U. S. G.
Todd, Los Angeles; C. C. Wright, Los
Angeles; M. F. Tarpey, Alameda; James
V Coleman. San Francisco; W. F. Prisk,
Grass Valley; T. T. Lane, Angels Camp;
John McMurray, Weaverville; Dr. Frank
Bosqui. Bodie; D. C. Reid, Redding; Ja
cob Neff, Colfax; John F. Parks, Jack
son" Thomas «K. Bard, Hueneme; E. C.
Chapman, Taylor mine; Mrs. C. H.
Church, Princess mine, Coutolene, Butte
County J. M. Gleaves, United States Sur
veyor General, San Francisco; Louis
Glass San Francisco; John Ross Jr.. Sut
ter Creek; S. K. Thornton, California
Miners' Association, San Francisco; E. M.
Preston, Nevada City; F. F. Thomas,
Gwln mine. Calaveras County; Almarin
B. Paul and W. S. Keyes, San Francisco;
W T. Detert, Jackson; James O'Brien,
Srnartsville; J. E. Sexton, Placervllle,
Frank R. Weke, Downievnle; John D.
Siebe, J. E. Doolittle, San Francisco.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Clementine A. and L. C. Marshutz to Pletro
S Rossi lot on N line of Vallejo street, 150
E of Laguna. E 50 by 137:6: $10.
Leonora M. and George A. Colmann to Cal
vin E Knickerbocker, lot on N line of Page
street 75 E of Flllmore, E 25 by N 100: $10.
Clinton and Sarah W. Jones to Frances May
Youne Wife of O H.. lot on N. line of Rroad
wav 185 W of Fillmore, W 2T:6 by N 137:6: U«.
Elizabeth Reynolds, Nellie O'Keefe. Kittle
and E J Linden to Edward J. Linden. Sr.,
lot on N line of Turk street, 112:6 "W of Pieroe,
W 2fi "by N 137:6 (quit-claim deed): $5.
Charles A. and Jane A. Bayly to Italian-
Swiss Mutual Loan Association, lot on N line
of Fine streH, 67:6 W of l>evisadero, W 25 by
* Frederick Nachtigall to Mary Nachtlsall (aln-
B\e) lot on NW corner of Post and Broderlck
streets, N 52:6, W 110. S 27:6, E 30, S 55. E 60:
Christopher A. and Annie M. Buckley to
Ernst and Matilda Weigle. lot on X lino of
Bryant street, 208 N of Twenty-fourth. N 26
Estate of John Felt Osgood by Elizabeth B.
anfl Joseph F. Osgood, trustees, to Peter J.
Gil.iea a portion of land bounded by Brannan,
Se.-.nd and Third and Bryant, being on NW
angle of South Park avenue, being 43 on South
Park by 117:6 extending to rear lane (Park
Lane Norfli) on which said lot fronts 20 feet:
Elizabeth B and Emily L. Osgood and Kath
erine C. Stackpole fwjfti of E. D.). same to
Bame quitclaim deed; B. •
Preslv C Hvmnn to John Bermlngham, lot
on XW line of Channel street. 229:6. NE of
Seventh, NE 45:10 by NW 137:6, quitclaim deed;
R and Louise C. Wnnnenmaeher to Nicholas
Hottui, lot on E line of Thirteenth avenue.
200 S of I street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
FPtate of Ge..rge W. Dean (by Benjamin D.
r>an. administrator) to John Brandt lot on
ct- nne of San Jose avenue, 189:7% N of Twen
y.nlnth street. SE 78:9*. NE 50. NW 88:11%.
Benjamin D." and James W. Dean to same,
J. Colllnes to John M. Chase, lot
«tTqw corner nf Kennebec street and I. nlon
avenue. I 125 by W 75. lots 490, 492, 496 and 498.
G Mo-^s ai J 2: i"on to Jacob Heyman, re-record
of 1498 d S4!». I t m. Gift Map 3; $10.
Jacob and Una Heyman to Arnold and Ma
ria A. Wofalters. lot 1652 Gift Map 3; II".
John J. and Magaret E Moran to H. K. TO
den. lots 16 and 17. block . R. and lots 12 and 13,
blork 6, Syndicate's First Addition; *20.
Sol Dork. Bernhard and Rose Get* to Flora
Pa£e (wife of Walter J.). lot on SE line of
V^nna street, 73 NE of Persia. NE 25 by SE
100, block 64, Ex-elsior Homestead; $10
Elizabeth fetyles to Mary Roberts, lot on NE
corner of De Mounttprf and Jules avenues. N
50 by E 100, portion of lots 6 to 9. block 24,
Lakeview; $10.
Alameda County. .
Rosa' Rosenberg to Joe Rosenberg.- lot on
line of Telegraph avenue. 200 S of Walnut
street B 50 by E 125. lot 2. block D. Wilcox
Place' quitclaim deed, Oakland: $10. •
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Hugh
Forcie • lot on SW corner of Russell : and Lio
rina streets. a 73.65 by W 100. being the E 100
feet lots 14 and 15, block C. Adeline Tract,
B crlc el £y * % 5
Hugh Forgle to South Berkeley Presbyterian
Church, Fame, subject to mortgage for $300.
Berkeley 510 -
David and Harriet S. Rndrirk to A. W. Nay
lor lot on N line of Channtng Way. 155 W of
Shattuck avenue, W 75 by . N 130. block 2, Bar
ker Tract, Berkeley; $10. ■ -.
' Fannie E. Underwood to Elizabeth Under
wood lot on BE corner of Grove and Vine
streets, S 150 by E 135, being lots X, V and Z.
block 5, Graves & Taylor Tract, Berkeley; $100.
Margaret E. Dwyer ; (administratrix estate
of Ann Dwyer) to Edmond Fahey, lot on N
line of Alcatraz avenue. 385.80 W from the point
where the line dividing the Vicente : : Peralta
Reservation and plot 6, Rancho V. and D. Pe
ralta Intersects N line of Alcatraz •: avenue:
thence SW 70. NW 240.80, E 70, SE 2*o. to be
ginning, being portion plat 51, Rancho V. and
D. Peralta. Berkeley; $2300. ....
Jacob and Clara R. Hanna to Hans R. An
derson, lot on NW corner of X and Sixth
streets, W 150 by N 150, block 48, Map of South
en- Addition of Town of Livermore, Muria>
Townehin: $10. _ •-■■■ /
Mary Talty to Peter Talty, subdivision of
lot 40 in Tract 402. on Whltcher*s Official Map
of Oakland. Oakland: gift. _•■
William Jr. and Juliet F. Lange to Carrie S.
Sllverstine (wife of A.), lot on «s line of Ninth
street, 75 E of Brush, E 50 by S 100, block 94,
Oakland; $18.
' J. P. Beckett to Charles E. Proctor, : lot on
S line of Thirty-seventh street. 590.21 E of Mar
ket, W 100.26, S 150. E 95.73, N 150.01, *o begin
ning being portion of Beckett's Second Addi
tion to Oakland, Oakland Annex; $10.
Hermann and Anna A. ■ Cordes, N. . C. ; or ■M.
C. and Anna C. Lassen (by commissioner) to
Madge Manlon.lot on E corner of High street
and Hrlggs avenue, NE 63. SE 150. NE 150. SE
£0. SW 203, NW 200, to beginning,, being lots 4
and 5, Briggs Tract Alnmeda; also parcel of
land bounded on the NW by SE line of lots
89, 40 »nd 41, Brlggß Tract, NE by NE line of
lot 89 if extended SE on the same course to the
waters of San Leandro Bay, 8E by watars if
Ban Leandro Bay, SW by SW line of lot 41 If
extended SE on same course to the water* of
San Leandro. Alamed^: $7189.
Builders' Contracts.
James Clyde (owner) with D. H. Matheson
(contractor), architect R. H. White. All al
terations and additions except plumbing and
painting to make a two-story and basement
frame building on N line of Golden Gate
avenue, 137 :« Wof Lyon, W 25 by N 137:6;
$1947.
William J. Oray (owner) with C. Schutt
(contractor), architects. Martens and Coffey.
All work (except plumbing, gas fitting, man
tels, tiling, gas fixtures, painting, graining
and shades) for alterations and additions to
two three-story frame buildings to be two twc-
Btory buildings containing four flats on E line
of Taylor street, 90 S of Broadway, 8 47:6 by
E 1B5; $54SQ.
Same with Henry Ernst (contractor), archi
tects same. Sewering, plumbing and gas fit
ting for same on same; $950.
Miss Mary J. Dunne (owner) with Relte &
Ahljjxen (contractors), architects, Martens &
Coffey. Ail work except draining, plumbing,
gas fitting, mantels, tiling, gas fixtures. paint-
Ing, graining and shades for a two-story frame
building with concrete foundations (two flats)
on W line of Devlsadero street. 75 S of Golden
Gate avenue, S 25 by W 100: $3920.
Same with B. Kraus (contractor), architects
same. Sewers, plumbing and gaa fitting for
same on same: $600.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For ST. MICHAELS, DAWSON and All
YUKON RIVER POINTS,
THE STEAMER
TILLAMOOK,
S-A.II_,I3>TC3-
SATURDAY, June 11, Witho F u a t ...
Fop freight and passage apply % to the
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO., Agents.
TICKET OFFICE* ©09 Market Street, Ban Francisco, Cal,
ERNEST TERAH
HOOLEY FAILS
The Company Promoter
a Bankrupt.
TWO MILLIONS IN DEBT
COLLAPSE HASTENED BY A
CBEDITOR'S SUIT.
Rise and Fall of a Man Noted for
His Prodigality and for
His Skill as a
"Boomer."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, June B.— A receiving or
der In bankruptcy has been issued
against Ernest Terah Hooley. for years
prominent as the biggest company pro
moter in this country, prominently in
terested in bicycles, land and other con
cerns, and supposed to have been a
multi-millionaire.
Mr. Hooley reached the pinnacle of
prominence in 1896, when he promoted
the Dunlop Tire Company and was
supposed to have cleared $12,500,000 by
that deal alone. He has since been
identified with the promotion of the
Bovril Company and with many bi
cycle companies. It is understood not
any of the latter was profitable to the
stockholders.
In the meantime, however, Mr. Hoo
ley lived a sort of Monte Cristo exist
ence, bought yachts and race horses
and numerous historic country seats..
In January of the present year he
purchased the racing cutter Britannia,
formerly the property of the Prince of
Wales, from John Lawaon Johnstone.
During 1896 he purchased the schooner
yacht Verena from the Earl of Lons
dale. He is a member of a number of
yacht clubs.
For months past financiers have pre
dicted Mr. Hooley was in deep water.
The markets were not affected by the
downfall of Mr. Hooley, as the news
of the receiving order was not unex
pected in these quarters. An attempt
to float Hooley's bills was a failure,
although 10 per cent was offered, but it
is believed there is considerable of his
paper in existence. It will be the sec
ond and third class institutions which
will suffer by his failure. The shares
with which Mr. Hooley was connected
slumped lately, but the London mar
ket did not take much share in the
gambling.
It has been well known that Mr.
Hooley had been unable to find money
for the big Chinese loan which he pro
posed to float some time ago, and there
was much talk a year since, when the
authorities of St. Paul's Cathedral ac
cepted from Mr. Hooley a magnificent
gold communion service.
To-day's petition in bankruptcy was
made by Mr. Hooley personally, who
described himself as of "Berkeley
square, London, Risley Hall, near Der
by, and Papworth Hall, Cambridge
shire."
It is said that actions aggregating
$2,000,000 are now pending against Hoo
ley, and that one for $265,000, which
was set for a hearing to-morrow, pre
cipitated the crisis.
The capitals of the companies pro
moted by the bankrupt aggregate from
$60,000,000 to $65,000,000, and the shares
in these concerns, as a whole, have de
preciated over 40 per cent since their
flotation. ________________
YSAYE'S FAREWELL
TO SAN FRANCISCO
A LAUREL WREATH FOR THE
YOUNG CELLIST.
If Ysaye had never played anything
else, if he were never to play again, he
might stake his reputation upon his ren
dition of Bach yesterday afternoon.
It was a marvel of techinque, a mas
tery of the intricacies of the great com
position and the deep chords of the or
gan-like solo that beautifies and human
izes it. If you had never heard Ysaye
play Bach you would have ueclared, after
hearing the Kreutzer Sonata, that his
forte was Beethoven: but the large audi
ence that was content with three recalls
after the sonata was seized with musical
madness when the last long, beautiful
note of the Bach number fell from
Ysaye's violin. It shouted "Hochs!" and
"Bravos!" with all sorts o. variations of
sounds in the vowels, till the great vio
linist responded with something more
than a profound bow.
Gerardy, too, fell a prey to this insati
able audience. He played Saint Saens'
concerto in A minor, and was presented
with a laurel wreath. Then he gave the
Kol Nldre, the ideal expression of the
cello, played with such exquisitely sym
pathetic expression that had his instru
ment been a human voice, a .deep, vel
vety, musical bass, it could not have
sung the fine old Hebrew prayer more
effectively.
Those who have considered Lachaume's
playing as cold, lacking in sentiment,
should have heard him play the Moon
light Sonata yesterday afternoon. The
first Blow movement particularly was
rich in tone and full of expression.
Lachaume excels in rapid, soft staccato.
In the second movement of the Kreutzer
Sonata the delicacy of the piano accom
paniment was worthy the honor of play
ing second to Ysaye's violin.
Yesterday's concert was the farewell
of Ysaye and Gerardy to San Franclßco.
They leave immediately for the north.
ARRIVED WEDNESDAY, JUNE ».
Stmr Guide. Olsen, 8 days from Orescent
City.
Stmr Valencia, Humphreys, 84 hrs from Se
ixjmestic ports.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 7— Schr
Webfoot, hence May 26; June 8. bktn Gleaner,
hence May 29; schr Pioneer, from Port Ha.r
ford.
USAL — Sailed June B—Stmr8 — Stmr Newsboy, for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed June B— Stmr 8«
quola, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived June B— German ship
Ferdinand Fisher, from Newcastle, N. S. W.
MURDER IN THE
FIRST DEGREE
Theodore Park Haynes
Found Guilty.
WILL NOT HANG, HOWEVER
LIFE IMPBISONMENT THE PEN-
ALTY IMPOSED.
The Aged Slayer of Police Lieutenant
Burke Made No Comment
When the Verdict Wag
Bead.
The declining years of aged Theodore
Park Haynes, the slayer of Police Lieu
tenant Burke, will be spent behind prison
bars. The jury selected to determine his
fate deliberated several hours before tt
reached a decision yesterday morning.
Argument for and against the prisoner
closed Tuesday afternoon, the judge de
livered his charge and the jury retired to
deliberate on the verdict. Night came but
a decision had not yet been reached, so
Judge Wallace ordered the Jury locked up
until the morning. The jury debated the
case all night, and it was not until short
ly before court convened that the jurors
became of one mind. From the first seven
Jurors were of the opinion that the mur
derer should be hanged for his crime,
three declared that he should not go to
the gallows, but to prison i.or life and
two, Jurors Brown and Wetmore, were
firmly convinced that the prisoner v as in
sane and thereby should be acquitted.
Finally the advocates of the hanging sen
tence agreed to life imprisonment, Brown
and Wetmore weakened and the bailiff
was informed that the jury was ready to
report with its verdict.
Haynes, unnerved and trembling, made
no comment when the verdict was an
nounced. It was thought that the aged
criminal would create a scene and de
nounce his prosecutors, but he remained
silent. Judge Wallace appointed next
Monday for the pronouncing of Judgment,
and Haynes was led from the court room
back to his cell in the Broadway Jail.
The Railroad Demurs.
Two demurrers filed with the Board
of State Railway Commissioners by
C. P. Huntington as an individual and
the Southern Pacific and the Central Pa
citic Companies as corporations, In the
matter of John R. Robinson, were con
sidered by the Railway Commission yes
terday, but no action was taken. The. de
murrers object to the complaint on the
grounds of lack of jurisdiction on the part
of the Railway Commission and that it
does not state facts sufficient to consti
tute a cause of action.
Warrant Withdrawn-
Henry Mayer, tailor, 40 Montgomery
street, yesterday withdrew the warrant
which he had sworn out the previous day
for the arrest of his son George on a
charge of vagrancy. The boy called at
police headquarters to surrender himself
yesterday morning. He said that he had
enlisted in the Fourteenth Infantry ten
days ago, and denied the allegations of
his father that he in any way misbehaved
himself.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND' NERVOUS DISOEDEES
euch as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness' after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness, Drowsiness, Flushincs
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Gold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY : MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S TILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove '
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the •'•
LARGEST SALE
•f any Patent Medicine In the World*
; 25c. at all Drug Stores. .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
£»«*« 625 HEAKXT ST. Established
Wn» yil in l* * for the treatment of Private
HE IkjW Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
BRSWnHk disease wearing on body and mind and .
ZJSBKsSjH Skin Diseases. The doctor cureswben
■^SrgjEjflß otberß (all. Try him. Charges low.
SwWBKBi furenuarantffd. Call or write.
Dr. J. *'. uIBBON. Box 1037, San Francisco.
ONE OIVBS RELIEF.
Don't Spend a Dollar
«iVICOIGIOC
Medicine
* until you have tried
■ . ■ . ■_-■■...'■■ ' ' -•.'.. ,_■■'■ ' -.' -
TiiflMr '^^■■T
You can buy them in the paper 5-cent cartons
Ten Tabtdes for Five Cents.
Plf you don't find that sort of
Ripans Tabules
At the Druggist's
"••••^H^ end Five Cents to The Ripans ' Chemical Company, No. to
' S&4-BW& Spruce St., New York, and they will be sent to you by mail ; or,
fit^jSj^**) 13 cartons will be mailed for 48 cents. The chances are tea to
l^flKjgtiSSr one thtt Ripans Tabules are the very medicine you need.
MAUN
AUCTION SALES.
ELEGANT PIANOand FURNITURE
TO-MORROW (FRIDAY), AT 11 A. M..
OCTAVIA ST., NEAR SUTTER.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fu^ Steamers leave - Broadway
i M^s*.^ wharf, San Francisco.
8 «~? > >v. For Alaskan port?. 10 a. m.,
1 fe^VteJ*?*^ June 5. 10. 15. 20 25 3D, July 6
\ lSklE\tm9 transfer at Seattle.
.• Rli«&lj£al For Alaskan ports (from
i fqi^J^Wtl Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
I"^b»S June 5. 26 July 17 August 4,
25, transfer at Portland, Or.
~ -.:.. For Victoria; Vancouver , (B.
C), Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New Whatcom ■ (Wash.). 10 a.
m.; June 5. 10, 15. 20, 25, 30, July 5. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and Q. N.
Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry. ■
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
June 1, 7, 13, 19, 25, July 1, and every sixth
day thereafter.
.For Santa Crus, Monterey, San Simeon. \
Cavucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),'
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,'
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., June 2, 6, 10. 14, 18, 22, 26, 30,
July 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only >. at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo); Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., June 4, 8, 12. 16, 20,' 24. 28, July 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. June 17,
July 2. •.
For. further Information • obtain folder.
The company reserves- the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates:
•Uifl hnnin nt salllntr
TICKET OFFICE- • New Montgomery
street 'Palace Hotel). '
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
■P QRTLAND
. " From Folsbm-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth)
I HflL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia June 5, 14. 23
State 'of . California June 8, 17, 28
Oregon June 11. 20. 23
St. Paul $16 00; St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City .... 26 001 Chicago ..27 50
Omaha 26 00] New York 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
,630 Market St.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
• Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North jms^.
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers^xffrfs
I by. this line ' avoid • both transit by ■»-S=saH3ts&-
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria Egypt, via Paris, first-class. lift):
second-class, $116 • - ■
LA GASCOGNE June 18, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAONE June 25, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE. July t, 10 a. m.
LA T0URA1NE....... July 9. 10 a. ml
Uk NORMANDIE July 16, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
• TON.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British flags.
Kensington — June 81 Noordland ...:.Jun« 13
Berlin ...June 11 , Friesland June 22
PHILADELPHIA. QUEENSTOWN. LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers sail under Belgian flag.
Waesland June 4 Rhynland ......Jun* It
EMPIRE LINE.
| TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
j Steamers formerly employed In trans-Atlantis
I services of the International Navigation Com-
i pany and specially refitted for this service.
j ••- S. S. Ohio, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 16.
| S. S. Indiana,. 3500 tons, from Seattle. June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvania, * 3500 tons, from Seattle
June 29.
i Connecting with the company* ■ own Heat of
18 new and modern steamers and barges on the
Yukon River, through to Dawson City and
intermediate points. '
For passage «nd freight apply to
INTERNATKWAk NAVIGATION CO.
30 Montgomery St.
V Or any of its Agencies.
PJHJ63 51 The S. S. MOANA
dßlHralsL sails via Honolulu and
iTst Auckland for Sydney
3 - — «- . Wednesday. June 15,
§f|Sam^n|nc) at p. to' coolgar-
CylCflillJlllU" Line Australia. -'and
GHCfll!lJlllU v DIE . Australia, an*
tfOfllßMtf- CAPE TOWN. Soum
VyillJPUiWp Africa.
J. D. SFRECKLES & BROS. CO., Agents.
■ - ' . 114 Montgomery st.
i Freight office — 327 Market St., San Francisco,
i ■^■■a ■■-■■tw^ ■»■»»■
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON, HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck.... June 30|A., Victoria — 11
F. Bismarck July 28 F. Bismarck.. August 25
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT. :
Pennsylvania. ..June ; 25iPretorla ....... .July . 9
PalaUa July 2|Patria... July It
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway,' N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California St., cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
FjDRU. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
. - Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues , Wed., Thur». and 5at....;.....
9:45 a. m... 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.>
Fridays ..1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ...........10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices — Mission Dock. Pier X.
Telephone Red 2241.
910
HAMBURG WINS
FROM SLY FOX
Sloan Pilots the Son of
Hanover.
FORMERO AGAIN IN FRONT.
SIR VASSAB A VICTOB OVEB
THE HUBDLES.
Graduate Stakes at the Harlem
Track t Numbered With
King Barleycorn's
Triumphs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June B.— The Spring
Special was easily won by Hamburg,
piloted by Sloan.
Six furlongs— Klnnikinnic won. Lambent
pecond, Hanwell third. Time, 1:16.
Five furlongs— Croker won, Dr. Parker
second, Armament third. Time, 1:04.
Spring special, mile and . a sixteenth-
Hamburg won. 81y Fox second. Handball
third. Timo. 1:48.
Five furlongs— Formero won, Mr. Phin
toey second, Uamavar third. Time, 1:02^4.
Mile and a furlong— Decanter won, Rap
pahannock second, Mannassas third.
Time, 1:66*4.
Kensington hurdle, mile and three-quar
ters—Sir Vassar won, Captain Plersall
second. Forgot third. Time, 3:19.
CHICAGO, June B.— Harlem results.
Weather clear: track slow.
Four and one-half furlongs— Josephine
B won: Vie Lamont second; Babe Robert
son third. Time, :59^.
Six furlongs— Lucy Belle won. Gnome
second, Fnneltff third. Time, I:Z2.
One mile— Locust Blossom won, Ollie
Dixon second. Borden third. Time, l:52Vi.
Graduate stakes, $1000 added, five fur
longs — King Barleycorn won. W. Overton
second. Gold Fox third. Time. 1:05%.
Mile and a sixteenth— Albert S won, Joe
("lark second, Chugnut third. Time. 1:58%.
Six furlongs— The Devil won. Lord Fair
fax second, Johnnie Williams third. Time,
l;2'iV
ST. LOUIS. June B.— Weather pleas
ant; track fast. Results:
Selling, six and a half furlongs, Lady
Britannic won. Alva second, Damocles
third. Time, 1:22";.
Selling, one mile, Reuben Rowett won,
j..?me second, Buckvidere third. Time,
1:42»i.
Selling, mile and a quarter, Lulu Fry
won, Leasman second. Valid third. Time,
2:11%.
Handicap, mile and a sixteenth. The
Elector won. Fervor second, Nick Carter
third. Time, 1:43.
Six furlongs, Algol won. Enchanter sec
ond, Gibraltar third. Time, 1:14%.
Selling, six and a half furlongs, Utopia
won. David second. Nightgown third.
Tim<\ I:: 1 : 1 -.
DETROIT, June B.— Weather show
ery ; track good.
Five and a half furlongs, John Conroy
won. Tessie F. second, Jim Lisle third.
Time. 1:09.
Half mile, Glasnevin won, Cheesemite
second, Bessie Taylor third. Time, :49^.
One mile. Storm King won. Eleanor
Holmes second, Hazel Green third. Time,
I:|M.
Four and a half furlongs. Miss Meade
won, Amelia second, Lucy Blazes third.
Time, :55>i.
Mile ana an eighth, selling. Frank Jau
bert won, L B second, Dinsmore third.
Time, 1:65%.
Five and a half furlongs, Lady Irene
won. South Africa second. Aunt Bird
third. Time, 1:06%;.
LATONIA DERBY TO-DAY.
Only Three Horses Will Try Conclu-
sions for the Purse.
CINCINNATI. June 8.-Only three
starters are named for the big Latonla
Derby which will be run to-morrow, the
opening day of the Latonia Jockey Club's
spring meeting. A heavy rain fell to-day
and the great race will in all probability
be run over a muddy track T-e starters
are: Plaudit. 127 (W. Martin); Han dOr,
114 (Beauchamp), and Don Quixote, 114
(Clayton). Plaudit will, of course, be an
odds-on favorite, having won two Derbies
already this spring. Ho seems to hold
the others safe. However, there is likely
to be a surprise sprung in the race, as
Han dOr has been working well and Don
Quixote is by no means considered out
of it.
Longfleld Park Races.
LONDON, June B.— At the Longfleld
Park spring meeting to-day W. Mar
shall's three-year-old black colt Sebas
topol won the park selling plate of 150
sovereigns for three-year-olds and up
ward, th« winner to be sold at auction for
100 sovereigns. Ton horses ran. the Loril
lard-Berpsford stable's Blossen being sec
ond under the wire.
A high class selling handicap was won
by J. A. Jarvis" three-year-old colt Pe
gaso. The Lorillard-Beresford stable's
three-year-old bay filly Jiffy II finished
thfrd. The race was for f.r>o sovereigns
for three-year-olds and upward, the win
nor to be sold by auction for 100 sover-
BOSTON GIVES THE REDS
A TERRIFIC DRUBBING
Through Good Luck the Leaders
Barely Succeed in Dodging a
Goose Egg.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDIIfO.
Clubs— W. L. Pet riubP— TV. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..29 12 .7"7 ''hira^o 21 21 .500
Boston 27 U .843 Philadelphia 17 21 .447
.Cleveland ..27 15 .64". Brooklyn ...16 22 .421
Baltimore.. .22 15 .G9n Washington .14 27 .341
N»w York ..22 19 .537 St. Ixmis ...14 27 .341
I'lttsburg ...22 21 .512 Louisville ...H 30 .814
BALTIMORE, Juno B.— Nops pitched a
fine game to-day and was given superb
support. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 6 13 1
Louisville 2 6 2
Batteries— Nops and Rublnson; Cunningham
and Snyder. Umpires — Andrews and Snyder.
WASHINGTON. June B— Mercer pitched
well, the Senators "batted hard and the
Pirates made erors, and thus Washington
won. Attendance 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 10 12 3
Pittsburg 3 4 6
Batteries— Mercer and McGuire; Rhines and
Schriver. Umpire* — Lynch and Connolly.
PHILADELPHIA. June B.— St. Louis de
feated the Phillies in a poorly played
game. Carsey and Wheeler were both hit
bard and retired in favor of Sudhoff and
Orth. Attendance 2600. Score:
Clubs— R. h. E.
St. Louis \i 12 2
Philadelphia 7 10 6
Batteries— Carsey, Sudhoff and Clements;
Wheeler. Orth and McFarland. Umpires—
Emslie and Curry.
NEW YORK, June B.— Cleveland turned
the tables on Brooklyn to-day in Brook
lyn. Attendance 1300. Score.
Cluba— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 2 10 4
Cleveland g 9 1
Batteries— Y^ager and H^yan: Wilson and
Crlger. Umpires— Swart wood and Wood.
NEW YORK. June S.— The Giants were
Clearly outplayed by the Orphans this af
ternoon. Rusie wns hit so hard In the
fifth and sixth Innings that he was re
lieved by Get tig in the seventh. Attend
ance 2000. Score:
Clubs— r. h. E.
New York 1 « 6
Chicago .-...■ 9 ■'■ 13 4
Batteries— Rnsie. Getttg and Warner; Caila
han and Donahue. Umpires— O'Dav and Mc-
Donald. . . /■'
BOSTON. June B.— The Bostons boat the
Cincinnatis again to-day with less exer
tion than yesterday, the visitors being
lucky to score at all. Attendance 33T0.
Score:
Clubs— r. h. E.
Boston 10 10 1
Cincinnati 16 3
Batt'Tles— Willis and Bergen; Hawley ar.d
Vaughn. Umpires— Oushmnn and Heydler
Advances made on furniture end pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
SALARIES TO
BE ADJUSTED
School Director Waller's
Plan of Equalization.
FOULKS KEEPS HIS PLACE
FINALLY MADE PRINCIPAL OF \
BUSINESS EVENING SCHOOL.
Assignments of Teachers — Creditors
Will Be Given First Chance
at the Department's
Funds.
The meeting of the Board of Education
was marked by two Interesting events
yesterday— a parliamentary struggle for
position' by O. EL Foulks and a new
scheme to adjust salaries submitted by
Director Waller.
Gallagher moved to reconsider the reso
lution appointing G. H. Foulks principal
of the business evening school, and Armer
raised the point of order that the time
for reconsideration had passed, there hav
ing been a regular meeting since the
notice of motion. Gallagher contended
that he had no chance to bring up the
matter before. The president overruled
Armer's point of order and Armer ap
pealed. The appeal was lost and the
resolution came up for reconsideration.
The motion to reconsider was lost.
Director Waller's plan to adjust salaries
refers to principals mainly. It is a scheme
to make the relation between the salary
of the principal and the number of pupils
and classes a little more equitable than
it is at present. The plan is embodied
in the following outline:
Principals of grammar schools of the first
class (as per section 49, article i) of the rules
of the Board of Education shall receive $115
for the first class, and an additional sum of
j.' per class, the maximum salary of prin
cipals ci grammar schools shall, however, in
no event exceed $200.
Principals of intermediate grammar schools
(as rr p r section 49, article 6) shall receive $S5
for the first class, and $5 Tor each additional
class.
Principals of primary schools of the first
class (as per section 49, article 4) shall receive
$:'.". for the first class and $5 for each ad
ditional class.
Principals of primary BChools of the second
and third class las per section 49. articles 2 and
3) and such other schools as contain less than
IP<l pupils of primary or mixed grades shall
receive the sum of K>s for the first class, and
$5 for each additional class, provided, how
ever, that schools containing not more than
one class shall receive but $90.
In explanation it may be stated there
are 412 grammar grade pupils and ten |
classes; in the Hearst there are 4V. gram- .
mar and 299 primary pupils and seventeeen
classes; In the Pacitio Hoights there are-|
411 grammar and 207 primary pupils and j
fifteen classes, and in the Denman there j
are 40S grammar and 2:U primary pupils
and sixteen classes. In all cases the sal
ary of the principal is $175, which is for
the care of but 412 pupils in the Hancock
and over 700 pupils in the Hearst, and ,
over 600 pupils in the others mentioned.
Under Director Waller's plan the salaries :
would be adjusted in this way: Han- ;
cock, $160; Hearst. $195; Pacific Heights,
flB6, and Denman, $190. There are other ;
similar instances all through the depart
ment.
Mr Waller read his plan at the meet-
Ing, and it was referred to a meeting of <
the committee of the whole for discus- j
slon.
Superintendent Webster's report com
mended the work of the department. He -
said the courses prescribed had, except in I
a few cases, been well carried out. Pro- !
gress in arithmetic had been particularly
good but that In grammar was poor. It J
is noted that the number of children
under 18 years of age has decreased 415
during the year. The superintendent
holds this to mean that the population
of the city has remained stationary, and i
he argued that the population of the city i
is 337,000. . _
The finance committee recommended
that $90,000 be added to the estimate of
expenses made at the last meeting, the j
amount being to cover the deficit which
will be found at the close of the current ,
year. The recommendation was adopted. |
" The vacancy in the department of j
physics and chemistry caused by the
death of A. F. Coke was filled by the ;
appointment of L. A. Jordan of the \\ ash
ington Grammar School, he to take office ;
after the close of the vacation.
John R. Daniels was elected teacher of \
bookkeeping in the Business Evening j
School. M
On motion of Drucker all pupils < I the
Lowell and Polytechnic High Schools
who have enlisted will be granted diplo
mas if at the time of their enlistment
they were in fair standing.
The following assignments were made:
Miss Alice LTeese of the day substitute ;
class as a probationary teacher in the i
Hamilton Grammar School; Miss L. Rad- I
ford of the same class as a probationary
teacher in the Lincoln Grammar School; \
Miss E. G. Sullivan of the samt* class as
a probationary teacher in the Peabody
School; Miss R. Stack of the same class
as a probationary teacher in the Buena
Vista School; Miss M. A. Latham of the
same class as a probationary teacher in
the John Swett School.
Leave of absence was granted Mrs. M.
H. Melrose of the Dernal Heights School
from May 30, 18H8, to June 17,- IS9B.
Charles L. Turner of the Humboldt
Evening School was restored to class j
duty, the attendance of his class having
been restored to the proper standard!
Miss A. Kock of the evening substitute i
class was assigned to the Rlncon Evening ;
School and Miss R. Games "of the same I
class va? assigned to the Richmond
Evening School.
The following recommendations of the
examining board were adopted:
That a high school certificate be granted John
J. Schmit ; that a grammar grade certificate
be granted Mrs. Jlattir it. McDougall and to
J. A. Lenahhn; that a primary certificate be
granted Mrs. Florence Kelly. Miss Marie
Siemoneit was granted a high school certifi
cate in Spanish.
The certificates of the following teach
ers were renewed :
Miss Emma A. Lauff, Miss Fidelia Jewett.
Mrs. Mary Frae, Miss Helen M. Thompson.
Mies Kate Elliott, Miss Caroline L. Hunt,
Miss .Tonnle Smith, A. 15. Wynn. Mrs. M. L.
Belding, Mips Emily B. Ferguson, Miss Susan
D. Burke. Miss N. E. Ewtng, Miss A. C.
Cherry, Miss Louise Mac Cord. Mrs. Margaret
Dwyer, Miss Mary E. Flynn, Miss Margaret
O'Brien and Miss Jeßgle Smith were recom
mended to the State Board of Education for
life diplomas.
The following teachers were elected
regular teachers:
Miss Cecelia Frledlander, Hamilton Evening
School: Miss Nellie C. Huss>ey, Hamilton Even
ing School; Louis de F. Bartlett, Hamilton
School; Mis>.s Mary J. Geary. Pacific Heights
School; Mrs. L. Scott, Hearst Evening School;
Miss M. M. Galloway. Rlncon Evening School;
Herbert F. Dam, Hamilton Evening School;
Miss G. Carroll, Humboldt Primary School.
The following contracts were awarded
on recommendation of the committee on
supplies:
Fuel, Thomas Morton; furniture, Harry Unna
& Co., C. F. Weber & Co., George H. Fuller
Desk Co., Whitaker & Ray Co.; stationery and
•  Whitaker & Ray Co., J. Ourendorfer,
Cunningham. Curtlas & Welch, Payot, Upham
& Co., Crocker & Co.; Janitors' supplies, Simp
son Brush Co.. F. B. Pallum, Harry Unna &
Co., Atlantic Brush Co., Bowers Rubber Co.,
James A. Snook & Co.; school apparatus.
Payot, Ui'ham & Co., C. F. Weber & Co.,
Whitaker & Ray Co.
Printing contracts— Phillips & Smyth, The
Harden I'rintlng Co.. The Commercial Print
ing Co. and H. S. Crocker.
A communication from Judge E. A.
Belcher asking that t.ie schools be closed
on Bunker Hill day was received, but It
was d( cjiled not to be expedient, as to
close the schools then would interfere
with many of the graduating exercises.
Mr. Head moved that ttachers' war
rants be made at once, and Mr. Waller
substituted a plan by which tradespeople
having claims against the board can got
in first. Should the teachers grot at the
treasury before the tradesmen there
would be no hope for those who furnished
supplies, for there would be no money
to pay them and none could be appro
priated next year. With the teachers,
however, It is different, so It was decided
that all persons having claims against
the School Department submit the same
on or before Monday. June 13, or the de
partment will not be responsible for their
payment. Those claims being in, the
teachers' warrants for May will be issued
at once.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1898.
RECIPROCITY
WITH FRANCE
Text of the Agreement
Received Here.
GOODS WAITING IN BOND
THEY WEEE HELD PENDING AB
BIVAL OF INFORMATION.
The Collector Is Beady and Mer
chants May Now Take Their
Goods Out of the
Warehouse.
Collector Jackson has been served with
a copy of the proclamation of President
McKinley stating the terms of the reci
procity agreement which went into effect
on the iirst day of the present month.
The following are the rates of duty at
which American products will be admitted
into France:
, Canned meats, francs per 100 kilos. 15; ta
ble fruits (fresh), lemons, oranges, cedrate and
! their varieties not mentioned, 6; mandarin
oranges, 10; common table grapes, S; apples
and pears, for the table, 2; for older and per
ry, 1.50: other fruits, except hothouse grapes
and hothouse fruit, 3; fruits, dried or pressed
(excluding raisins), apples and pears, for the
table, 10; for elder and perry, 4; prunes, 10;
other fruits. 10; common wood, logs, .u5;
sawed or squared timber, 80 mm. or more In
thickness, 1; squared or sawed lumber, ex
ceeding 35 mm. and less than SO mm. in thick
ness. 1.25; wood, sawed, 35 mm. or less In
thickness, 1.76; paving blocks, 1.75: staves, .75;
: hops 30; apples and pears, crushed or cut and
! dried, 1.50; manufactured and prepared pork
| meats, 50; lard nnd its compounds, 25.
Products of France— A rgols or crude tartar,
1 or wine lees, crude, S per centum, ad valorem;
; brandies or other spirits manufactured or dls
| tilled from grain -or other materials, per proof
I gallon, |1 76; oil or water paintings, pastels,
pen and Ink drawings, stationery, 15 per cent
ad valorem.
It is further declared that the rates of
duty heretofore imposed and collected on
' still wines and vermouth, the product of
France, under the provisions of the United
: States tariff act of 1897, are conditionally
suspended, and in place thereof shall L>e
collected after June. IN9S. as follows:
On still wine and vermouth in casks,
1 35 rents per galLon; in bottles or jugs,
per case of one dozen bottles or jugs con
taining each not more than one quart
| and more tnan one pint, or twenty-four
bottles or jugs containing each not' more
1 than one pint, $1 75 per case, and any
! excess beyond these quantities found in
; such bottles or Jugs shall be subject to a
, duty of 4 cents per pint or fractional
, part thereof, but no separate or additional
duty shall be assessed upon the bottles
j or jugs.
All goods under bonds for warehousing,
j transportation or any other purpose for
j which no permit of delivery has been is
sued shall be subjected to the duties im-
I posed by this act and to no other duty,
upon the entry or withdrawal thereof.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G C Thompson, Ogden H W Earle. Stockton
J B Patterson. Cal C P Lyndall. Los Ang
Mrs Fisher. Oukland j M Beemer, Los Ang
G Turner. Modesto \V R Llnscott. Cal
J H Bbt&Iow, Ohio W E Bunker &. w, Cal
T J Shaln, Sacto J B Kerr, Salt Lake
F J Taylor, Cal C J Sohnster, w, c, Cal
G Neumann, Sacto E S Pierce, Fresno
\V E Drummonil. Sac \V J Tracy. Cal
T J Bohan. Sacto \V R Pratt. Eureka
B C Ward. Cal Miss Shellove, <"al
D L Rnscoe, Oakland M'ss B Shollove, Cal
L E Yeergoord, Or J Billion, St Johns
E W Sh&n.ihan, Sacto Ft B Butler. Fresno
J W Naught on, Cal N H Falk. Arcata
J D Williams, Pa I F Hubbard, San Jose
M Marcuson. Cleveland J Harris, Cal
J Haas, Cleveland A M Martin & w, Cal
F E Wadworth, Yreka M T Vaughan & w,('al
C Tov.-nsenJ. Ohio C Queen. Fish Rock
E J Rlalr. Illinois C W Underwood, Mo
J M War.gnnan. Cal C Rutter, D C
O J Lincoln, i 'al '. S Hudson & w. Cal
' PALACE HOTEL.
W J Tracy, Louisville Santa Cruz
H Hubbard & w, N V Miss MrLaughlln,
Mrs Hubbard, Mass Santa Cruz
W Osthout Jr&w, N V B U Stelnman, Sacto
H 0 Pope. St Louis Miss Stelnmnn Sacto
M Lawaert. Chili C W Smith &w. Menlo
H Lawaert, Chili M F Clnpp. N V
R Hunacas Chill O F Cooper. Fklah
WO Kirkland. Beaver !B F Langford. Stkn
E X Hum,, Beaver IT Dreher, Germany
E Strouse. Chicago IM Pundler, Germany
J T Richards, S Barb G Alch, Germany
S N Rucker, S Jose IL L Rosenthal, Chcgo
S Nicholson, Scotland !P V Corcoran. Vallejo
M Cohman. Germany , Mrs Corcoran, Vallejo
B Oltman, Germany IWm Schneider, L Ang
A C Denniston, Phlia JMrs Schneider, L Ang
C E Graham. Chicago G E Goodman, Napa
Mrs McLaughlin. i Mrs Goodman, Napa
E Wlnshlp. V S N I
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W P Black, Cleveland Miss Moi Sudden Valjo
E N Sharp. Cal C Wllcox A w. Madera
J C Smith. Petaluma G Colo*. S Barbara
I> W Long, Oakland W R Clark. Stockton
R P Vassar. V B A Mrs R. de le Pedrore-
G Schilling. Oakland na. San Diego
C Forrest. Oakland Nfi?s d-> IVdrorena San
H Middleton Cal lilfpo
F H C\illen. L Ane; J Wilson & w. Ukinh
Mrs Rlngot. Boston B N Fisk. Chicago
Mis Rinpot, Boston W F Barnes. Racto
S A Kraum. Plttsburg W Lenzen, S June
E W Ware. Cllr.ton W McMullen. Boston
G Ysave, NY J J Cherrie, S Jose
V T Wane. N V W M. ran. N T
W H Moss. Chicago " X Oiidili^n Suslun
R Rocklln. Rocklln T C Aydelott. Term
R H Copp. Rocklln G Gorardy, N V
J McCudden. Vallelo A Laobaume, N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL!
V Durand, Turks Mill L M Davis, Redding
W r.urnham, Kans Cy Mrs Currier Lor Ang
J L Smith. Bath. N V E .J Laymon. Sit Lake
II C Johnson, Vlsalla W S Laymon, Sit Lke
J B Crawford. Riversd W F Moody, Lincoln
C M Wateon. Chicago S L Carey," Snn Jose
J B Hendrlcks. Boston J Wheeler, San Jose
P Munro. San Jose C Schaefter, Calistoga
J Haben & w, Portlnd J Rlblnßon, Chlco
W Berkshire, 111 " P Phillips, Butte.Mont
J Sherry, Stockton
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed June B— Stmr Britan
nic, for Liverpool; stmr Kensington, for Ant
werp.
Arrived Junue B— Stmr Fulda, from Genoa
stmr Majestic, from Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed June B— Stmr Kais
er Friedrtch, for New York.
BOULOGNE— Arrived June B— Stmr Amster
dam, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed June B— Stmr Cepha
lonia. for Boston.
MARSEILLES— Arrived June B— Stmr Kara
munia. from New York.
GENOA— Sailed June B— Stmr Aller, for New
York.
SPECIAL MOTICES.
NOTlCE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January. 1597:
Ellen Norton, age 10 years; Katherine Norton,
9 years; Mary McDonald, 10 years; Kather-
ine Cafferty. 7 years; Clara Pratt, 12 years;
Franc's Williams. 7 years; Roßetta McGulre,
7 years i Margaret Gomez, h years; Evelina
Gomez, C years.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth et.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collection* made;
city Or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 4V> Montgomery et., room 6; tel. 6580.
ROOMS paperod from $2 60, and whitened
from $1 up; painting done. Hartmann Paint
Co., 343 Third st.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer. 147 Pow-
ell St., room 2.
PEARL HARRISON and. assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. 12OVs Geary st., room 2.
M.YE. HANSKiN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet Imths. 116 Taylor St.
MIPS LOESEL, 121 Montgomery st., room S-
palmistry and card rending.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120V4 Geary St.. room 11.
MANICURING and alcohol baths. LILLIE
STANLEY, 7 Grant aye.; room :23, first Iloor.
MISS R CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths
massage; assistants. 17 Grant aye., room L
MISS MTRTLB POTTBR. 10ft Marks*, rm. 11
opp. Baldwin: steam baths and massage.
ALVINK HALL and arsistant: genuine cabinet
batb*. 1f.',4 Turk anfl 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New OrTeanT:
baths and massage. 1118 Market st.. rm. 8.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of~ The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
CHEAPEST and best In America- The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 SO, postage
free-
• MEETING NOTICE'S.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M., • '■'.'
121 Eddy . St.— Called meeting THIS _J\_
. (THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 )TX
o'clock. First degree. All Masons ars'.^r '
Invited. By order of '•'■■■'■ . '
THOMAS L. HILL, W. M.
;.J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. m ; •
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _*\_
EVENING, June 9, at 7:30 o'clock. ISkJ\
First degree. By order of the Master. f^W^
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary. ;
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. ' • ,
\ 212, F. and A. M., meets THIS EVEN--4j\_
ING at 7:30 o'clock for first degree. TKJr
By order of the Master. • . /.^r>
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle v -& >^
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) 3, &MiJ
EVENING. , Fraternity Hall, 32 TSMJ&c
O'Farrell St., at 8 o'clock. A full "•-A^fc
attendance Is requested. ' ■
-' W. A. DAWSON, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATTERSON. ' Recorder.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT Irish girl desires situation as
first-class cook; best references: country pre-
ferred. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS French and German speaking
girl desires situation as chambermaid and
seamstress or nurse, 3 years last place. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse $10 to $15. MISS
• CULLEN, 825 Sutter st. ' . - ; -
NEAT, competent Swedish cook and housework
girl, desires situation; 8 years last place: Ala-
meda preferred. MISS CUI»LE.N, 325 Sutter.
COMPETENT .German girl desires situation;
2% years last place; .city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. _____
AT THE Swedish and German Employment
Bureau a number of first-class girls awaiting
situations. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
NORWEGIAN houseglrl; good cook; strong
and willing; $15 to $20; two years last place.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st. ; tel. Green 721.
SWEDISH houseglrl: good cook and laundress;
city or country: 3 years last place. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter St. ■
GERMAN girl, lately from old country, wishes
situation as second girl nurse or housework;
$15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
LADIES! for a ' first-class servant see J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter -St.
COMPETENT young woman wishes situation
to care for children; will assist with studies;
can do upstairs work; will go short distance
, in country; references. Call or address Ad-
vertiser. 701 Stockton St., corner California.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation; Is
a good cook; will do light housework; city or !
short distance In the country: will work fcr
moderate wages. 10 Stockton place, Stock-
ton St., bet. Post and Sutter.
.COMPETENT woman, Is good cook and laun-
dress, will do housework, city or across the
bay; wages $15 to $20. 79 Jessie st.. between
First and Second.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation as i
conk; vill do housework; city or country; or
■will work If the day. Call for two days, 1425
Otfiry st.
GERMAN woman wishes to go out by the day
to do plain sowing and mending, 75c a day.
Apply 310^4 Langton St., bet. Seventh and
Eighth. -■
WANTED— By American widow, position as
keeper; • good . cook, seamstress and
laundress; references; city or country: 2759
Mission st. ?
YOUNG woman with a child wishes position to
do Uonsework, city or country. Call I 231
F.tg.rh st. .
SITUATION wanted, by a dressmaker, as
seamstress by the month: perfect fit guar-
anteed. 22% Seventh st.
INFANTS' nurse, care of children, upstairs
work and sewing; good city reference. Box
■ f*7. Call. ■ . '.
AMERICAN woman wishes to go out by the
day washing and Ironing; also housecleaning;
$1 and car fare. Call or address 731 Folsom. j
EXPERIENCED dressmaker desires a i few
more engagements at $1 25 per day. MRS. M. I
FLOHR, 1*35 Howard St., near Fifteenth.
ELDERLY lady wishes situation In a small
private family to do general housework. 225 ;
-Filbert st. :
RELIABLE woman wishes to do chamberwork '
and assist with children or housework. 212
Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework; no
cooking; sleep home. Call at 314V4 Langton St.
WOMAN wlsnes a position to do housework, i
city or county, wages moderate. 911 Howard. I
WIDOW wishes a position In doctor's office. '
Call or addres 153 Tehama st ■• ■-....-
YOUNG girl 'wishes, a situation to do general
housework in a private family. Call at 1222 A
Union st.
YOUNG Swedish woman wants washing. Iron-
ing and house cleaning by the day. 2-615
. Twenty-fifth st.
GIRL 19 wishes a place to take care of chil-
dren and willing to assist; city or country.
245 Minna st. ,
WANTED— By a respectable young lady, place
to care for children; country preferred. L. .
190S Sutter st.
COLORED woman wants work of any kind
by the day. Box 581. Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes position as working
, housekeeper or take charge of lodging-house; ■.
• city or country; refs. 865 Market, room 3.
GERMAN woman, best city references and ex- I
cellent cook and laundress, wants place; fond
of children. Call 1023 Market St.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman to '
do housework; city or country; is capable.
Call at 769 Mission st.
GERMAN girl wishes position to do general '<
■ housework and assist with cooking; wages !
$12 to $15. 731 Fulton st.,, near Buchanan.
2 COMPETENT American ladies would like
to take charge of house for parties going to
. the country. Address 42* Sixth ,st.-.
SITUATION wanted by good housekeeper and '
good cook; has one child; best of references. i
Address N. Box 2, Call - office, . Oakland.
GERMAN girl wants situation; .up-stalrs
work and sewing; good waitress; good refer-
ence. 1022 Larkln st. •
GERMAN woman, good worker, 'wants work
by the day; washing and housecleanlng. , 365 I
Jessie St., near Fifth and Market. :
YOUNG girl 18 years of age; light housework
or second work and waiting In a nice family
In the country; good home more :an object-
than high wages. 1430 Dolores St., near 2Sth. ]
COMPETENT woman wishes position to do
chamber work or laundress In hotel ;or
boarding-house; city or country; good refer-
ence. 2750 Mission st.
YOUNG girl for housework and care of lady.
1234 Mission st., bet. Eighth and Ninth, at
12 noon. .
SITUATION wanted by a most reliable and
painstaking Gorman general houseglrl; an ex-
cellent cook and laundress; references. Room i
2. 1023 Market St.
EXPERIENCED lady stenographer and book-
keeper desires position as private secretary.
Box 595, Call office.
YOUNG lady, stranger, desires position as up-
stairs girl or second girl. Address 31 Wash-
ington aye.
2 SCANDINAVIAN girls wish situations In
•j American family; understand housework and
oroklng. 204 Turk st. I
SITUATION as a cook; wages $35; 6 years In
the last place; best references. Address 3V4
Wall St., off Jackson, near Hyde. : ,
FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak maker desire*
a few more engagements; terms $1 25 per day;
city or country. Address box 591. Call oflice.
WANTED— Situation by young girl, light
housework or second work and waiting; coun-
try preferred. 1430 Dolores st. .
GERMAN lady '■ goes out by the day to work.
Please call at 745 Howard st. . V
YOUNG lady wishes a place to assist with
housework and sleep home. Call at 746 How-
■ ■:. ard st. *..-..;■ ,-..., -. ■ - ■ ■- .- - . . •. :- , , y.v „- :;'
GERMAN woman wishes any kind of work by
the day. 4 Leek st., off Taylor.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes to do general
housework. 149% Silver St., between Mfcrrlson
and Bryant, near Fourth. ,
COMPETENT German woman" "wishes . work
by the day; $1 a day and care f.arj. 132 Sixth.
DANISH girl for housework In nice family;
wages $15: references. ' 33 Juniper St., bet.
Tenth and Eleventh, oft Folsom. /.
GERMAN girl wishes ' a situation to do cook-
ing or general housework : . wages $30. Call 22
Laskie st. bet/ Eighth and Ninth. ■.:. ;-., •
AMERICAN woman "wants situation >as , com-
• panion 'to : elderly.' people or working house- •
keeper; city or country. Box 474. Call. ; ,  > /
YOUNG lady (North German): wants situation;
working housekeeper :: and good dressmaker
v •or chamberwork and seamstress.-. Call at 1 18
_?_„!! place.; off; sixteenth. near -Valenrla.
WANTED— By a respectable -young lady, posi-
tion as housekeeper; 2i or 3 In family pre-
t erred. Box 23, b office. Call 106 nth «t.
EXPERIENCED -dressmaker ami "assistant !
want a few more engagements by the day at
$2 a per day; perfect lit guaranteed. Call or
■address 829^ Butter, st.—^:..;  : :.V : :!
GERMAN woman wishes a situation « doing
■ ; general housework: ■ good : plain . cook; ■: $10 to
$12 per month; city or country. 207 Eddy -at.,'
5. near Taylor. '■■;i\ ,. f,.- ; ; -. .-..-.. ,. ! -....,. ... ■,:_■:,'.,
WANTED— a respectable young lady, posi-
: : tion ;, as ' housekeeper; '. 2<.0r13 l- In * family pre-
. erred. 3. Box 28, ■ B office. ; , Call ; 106 11th st. -£_4.
GOOD I 1 » rol l? r j and | laundress wishes ".position.
Box 4«T, •: -Tail ; --"fflce. ■; _ ■ ... :,-.,., • r~.- • '
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE. .
CHINESE : and Japanese Employment ■' Office;
best help. f 414% O'Farrell st. ; ; tel. ;t; t East 42«.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
■ tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
MIDDLE-AGED, intelligent iran of experience
; , a i position to take : care ■of Invalid and - act
as companion, best of- references. G. W.,
box 29. Call office.: : '
FRENCHMAN speaking some English wishes
;.slluition ii. private lamily or in livery sta-
ble; : understands horses well; reasonable
; .wages. 3121 ; Sixteenth st. /
. YOUNG man ; (German), . married, . strong ■ and
willing to work, wants situation as Janitor,
porter, watchman; can care for horses and
garden; references. Box 210. Call office.
GARDENER wishes a few more places to take
care of or to take full charge of home in
owner's absence. Address R. . JAEGER.
- Berkeley, : Cal. ' v •:•-
WANTED— A situation as porter in ware- !
house or any kind of work by a married man
of sober habits; city preferred. , Address box
680. Call -office. : :. - --; .
YOUNG man. 23, wants employment as driver
or work around store; can make card signs.
Address box 679, ; Call office.
SITUATION wanted to care for horses, garden;
can milk; handy with tools; best of refer-
ences. • Address box 576, Call office." .
COMPETENT bookkeeper wishes employment
In a wholesale house; has references. Rocm
IS. 207 Post st. .
BOY between 19 and 20 years old would like to
get work of any kind. Call or address 2436
■ Pest ut. '
BARBER, young man, 6 months' experience,
wishes position to help Wed., Sat:, Sunday
and nights. MR. HUSTON, 1325 Stevenson.
WANTED— by young: man as porter
. in saloon; can tend bar and mix some drinks.
P., box 68, North Temescal. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS French gardener; good city
and country references. G. 8., 1125 Stockton.
AN honest, temperate. Industrious young man
of 21 years, with considerable practical ex-
perience in electrical work, wants position as
electrician's assistant; must have work, and
would be willing to work hard on small sal-
ary, or for little more than room and board.
Address X., box 7, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG man wants position as assistant book-
keeper, clerk or collector; has experience as
bookkeeper, with best of reference. Address
box .187. Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation; any kind of
work; understands horses, cow», garden; ref-
erence. Add. .1. a. MacDONALD, 214 Third.
YOUNG man of 22 would like to learn a trade.
Address box 535, Call office. ■ ■'
JAPANESE desires light work for his room.
Address Box -400^ Call Office.
YOUNG man desires position as clerk In
wholesale or retail store; good references.
Address F. R. H., 92 Halght st. . .
GERMAN ' cook, also flrst-ciass lunchman;
World's and Midwinter Fair experience. Ad-
j . dress Box 405, Call.
WANTED— By an Eastern man, a position;
thoroughly competent; has had 20 years' ex-
perience; salary not an especial object. Ad-
dress J., box 418. (all Office.
WANTED— Position as collector; real estate
preferred; over 2 years} experience in city;
moderate salary; no commission; best refer-
ences. Box 178, Call.
I YOUNG, strong German, 24, wishes . work of
! any kind; has good city institution refer-
ences; private place preferred. Box 402, Call.
EVENING employment desired as bookkeeper
.■ or cashier or work of similar nature; best
references. Address L. L. 8., box 445, Call.
WANTED— Situation In summer resort or
country hotel by a first-class cook and baker.
Address box 409, Call office.
MAN ■ and wife, no children, wish situations
on farm, private or mining place; references.
; 1032 Howard Et.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 20c to $1 50 night: $1 60 to
$6 ..week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED—
GOOD starcher and lroner. laundry, city, $30.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, country. $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. • ■
YOUNG girl, work part day, $C. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St. -
WAITRESS, hotel, city, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sinter St. _
REFINED m'ddlc-a'-^r' ("•imn". country, ; $15.
MISS CULLEX, 325 Sutter st. :
NURSE. "$2O. '; : MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, charge of house, $8.
- ■ Miss CULLEN. 32:. ; Butter st. .:.-"
TWO girls, housework. Alameda, Santa Clara,
$20; 12 housework girls, city and country, $20,
: $25; 6 young girls, assist. $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, light work, $10.- MISS CULLEN. .
■ 325 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, $15; waitress, city hotel, $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. *
A COOK and second girl, $20 and $30, country.
• MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. . '.
A MIDDLE-AGED working housekeeper, $25.
MIPS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
3 EXPERIENCED typesetters (straight mat-
ter). .$6 per week. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COLORED woman, cook, small restaurant,
country, $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COLORED woman, chamberwork, $20, city.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. ■
GERMAN or Swedish woman, cook, small ho-
tel, country. $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
SECOND girl. $20: nurse/institution, $20: laun-
dress. $30; cook, $30. MRS. NORTON. , 313
Sutter st.
HOUSEGIRL. country, 2 in family, $25; a
number of houseglrls at $20, $25 and $15, city
and country. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, restaurant, a short distance, $25;
C waitresses and chambermaids, $15 and $20;
lunch and dinner waitress, . $20; ironer In
laundry, $25; 3 girls to set type, $6 a week;
girl for cooking and housework, Sonoma Co.,
$25; Alameda, $20 and $25; laundersa, private
family. $25 4 German and French second girls
and nurses. $20 and $25; Protestant cook. $25,
and a great many girls for coking and house-
work. J. F. CROSETT CO.. 316 Sutter st.
1 WAITRESSES, $20; 5 restaurant waitresses,
$25; 2 : chambermaids to wait,' $20; 2 cooks,
country hotels, $30; 2 lunch and dinner wait-
resses, $20; girls for Sonora, $25; San Lorenzo,
$,20; San Jose, $20; Reno, $25; Gilroy, $20; Los
llanos, $15, and city. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st ."■-." ■■..'•
NURSE for institution, $20. C. R. HANSEN.
& CO., 104 Geary st. .
HEADQUARTERS; free places for honest
working girls; the best homes In the city; the
highest wages obtained for cooks and gen-
. eral houseglrls; remember, the service Is ab-
Folutely : free at the Working Girls' Ex-
change, 1023 : Market St.; above Sixth.
EXPERT dressmaker; apprentice In cloak and
suit house; bakery clerk. 1023 Market st. '
HAIRDRESSER; pupil nurse, 2 months' trial,
good wages; office matron. .1023 Market st.
WAIST: hand, good finisher; 10 waitresses; 3
pantry girls; 2 seamstresses. 1023 Market St.
BUSINESS woman: must understand bookkeep-
ing and ■ correspondence; special; references.
1023 Market Pt. : '
LADIES, attention— The Select Ladles' Bu-
reau of Information, managed, by San Fran-
cisco ladies, ■ confidentially conducted; cash-
■ iers', '' teachers', ; clerks', " salesladies' head-
: quarters.: 313. Bush, st. .;':.
LADY'S companion; salesladies; office matron;
/ forolady; matron, European hotel. 1023 Market.
GERMAN girl, housework. Oakland, no wash-
Ing, 20 ; 2 girls, general .housework, $15 and
; $20; girl, : general ; housework, country, fare
. paid. $25. PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT OFFICE,
(old No. 777) 835 Market st. -.;
WANTED— Young girl to take care of a child
• 2V4 1 years old ; mo who I has some ( knowledge
of the kindergarten system -preferred. * 707
Pierce st. " •--. ;. < ' - , - ■ ■ '--, \ . - ■'*■;! -
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework and
V take care of ■ baby; . good home and small
'. wages., 732 Green, st. .. .':
TAILORESS,". one that -.understands machine
' r : operating, at 1228 Point Lobos aye, bet First
■[. and Second, -r «
FIRST-CLASS sewers on wrappers, cording
and skirts. H. FRIEDt/ANDEIt. 338 Fell at.
GIRL i typesetter ;; wanted for occnslon work;
--'. state wages ; and ; experience. I Box 552. Call.
NKAT girl / for light housework; sleep home;
'. small wages. 1512 Broadway.  \i' v
WANTED— First-class Ironers. TROY LAUN-
; DRY CO., ■: 2241 Mission ; St.
FIRST-CLASS s. finisher on custom coats. 21C
■ Kearny : ; st, room 7. ; { '■■■ :' '
WANTED— Opera tors: good stitchers and Al
v finishers. DAVIDSON & MILLER. 731 Market.
GIRL for -light' housework; good : home; wages
'■ ;■ $6. , 1 86T t Capp 5t. .,•,-' ..--:;■.•■.-' - ».•";■
GIRL to Ido general : housework; ■ wages $10 to
':: $12. ; MRS. L. ; ROSENBERG. , 6M O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Second girl; small family; suburb;
•• 'permanent hon;e;> moderate 'wages. Box " 413,
Call..':/ ■■- :,:■.:■ ■■■;-■.■:■ „■■■ -.-,:• 4 .:■:-;.• ".:-.■:■■:,:
STRONG 3 girl for .' general , housework! Call
■■■j after 8 a. m., 1511 A Howard st.: :
GERMAN girl wanted to do kitchen work. Call
■';, at 324 j Larkln st. ' ; V -•:■ '.' ;/- -: ;=l.- .'.■• >:
LEARN dressma >ng and millinery; positions
 f ree:. ■ 25c ■■ up. ; McDowell's, j 103 * Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng | School. 1079 . Market
; at. ; perfect nt; no , trying ; on ; trial free.
HELP WANTED— MALE. ,
' 15 teamsters on this Job; 18 months' Job; 1 and
; 4-horse teams; fare 50c; exceptional good com-
pany to work for; wages $1 70 day. ; MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay St., Leading Employ-
1 ment Agents. ... : " .-.-:.-:■. :
CITY manufacturing — : — ; — '— —
5 laborers; no experience required.' MURRAY
. 6 READY. 634-636 Clay Bt , .
WORK in San Francisco '■ — 11 — ■
• 10 2-horse ■ teamsters, '$1 75 day; 5 4-horse
teamsters, $26 and found; 15 laborers, $176,
$160 and $150 day; 2 milkers: 3 choreboys
'and men. 'j MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
3 HAY balers, 17c ton. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St., Leading Employment Agents.
A— COACHMAN. $35 and found; city Job.
MURRAY; & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MINERS Miners Miners
25 good gravel miners. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St., Leading Employment Agents.
3 SWISS milkers, $25 and found, same dairy.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WOODCHOPPERS Tiemakers
MURRAY & READY,6 34-636 Clay st.
MILKERS - — — Milkers — Milkers
- 6 men are wanted for different dairies, $25 per
month and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 ' Clay st
27 HAYMAKERS, $26 and found
32 farm hands $26 and $20 and found
6 orchard and vineyard hands, $20 and found—
4 ranch choreboys and men, $15 and $10.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St., Lead-
Ing Employment Agents.
TO the North — '■ Great Railroads
55 laborers, no experience required; 36 team-
sters. 2-horse teams. MURRAY & READY,
,634-636 Clay St. '
7 COOKS. $60, $35, $40 and $25: 5 waiters, $9
week, $25 and $20 month; 3 dishwashers, $15,
$20 and $25. MURRAY • & READY, 631-636
Clay st. U r '-':'.=
2 BELLBOYS for springs; 2 boys to learn
trades ; city Jobs. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay st.
■ — ALASKA — z —
A new railroad '■
500 rockmen ■ — ! $3 a day
50 bridge, carpenters — 50 a day
summer's work. For particulars call at C. R.
HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Agency, 104
Geary st.
- ATTENTION ■
300 men for new railroads In California;
year's Job 1
Headers, hammermen, muckers, $2 to $2 50
a day; teamsters, laborers, $20 and found and
$1 75 a day and free fare. We ship daily,
north and south; free fare. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
40 TWO-HORSE teamsters for new work. $1 75
a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
MAN and ' wife for a hotel laundry on plain
work, $C 0 and found; laundryman, plain work,
city, $25 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
1 104 Geary st.
A— FRENCH fry cook, first class, country ho-
tel, 160 and found and free fare; see proprle-
tor here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
ALSATIAN or Swiss second cook country ho-
tel. $60 and free fare. C. R. HANSEN St CO.,
104 Geary st.
PANTRYMAN, springs. $20 and fcjnd; coun-
try restaurant. $20; glass ' paii'ryman country
hotel, $20; second baker, shop, $35; German
porter, hotel, $20; hall man. $10: 6 boys for
different places; 3 farmers. *15; gravl P i n<r S j
$2 50 a day; wo;dsmen, $35 and b ard: milker,
I'M and found; C. k. ifANSEN & c M ., io4
Geary st. ,-• ;i ; ■
- .—:. — :
A NOTICE to laboring men — —
Wherever this paper reaches, city and coun-
try : ,
we want teamsters. - laborers and rock men i
for miles and miles of new railroad work in j
California and Alaska. If you want work '
come and see C. R. HANSEN & CO ' Em-
ployment Agents. 104 Geary St., S. F. .
WANTED — Cook and wife for miners' board-
ing-house In Mexico to board men at $30 per
month: a good chance for first-class couple to
make a handsome salary; everything fur-
nished by the mining company. . An"'-" to J.
F. CROSETT ft CO.. OS Sacramento st.
WANTED— Carriage blacksmith, $3 to $3 50; 4
gravel miners, *2 50: laborers. $1 day and
board, for country: 25 laborers for city, $1 75
day: chorpboy, $10; married choreman. $30:
fruit farmer, and wife, $40; milkers; stable-
man, $30; teamsters, $1 75 day; cooks, waiters
- and others. Appply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Machinist for country shop. $3 per
- day, steady Job ; buggy washer and harness
cleaner, nice country stable, short distance,
$25 and found: milker,- good place, $22 50: 2
ranch teamsters. $25: 10 men for haying. $25
and $26 per month; 2 strong boys for factory,
$3 per week to start; boy for store. $3 per
week and Increase; 3 choremen, $12 and $15 a
month: plain camp waiter and 50 others. W.
D, EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st. .
WANTED Man and wife of run a boarding-
house and cook for 22 ; boarders, good - terms,
. Mexico; butler. $35; under butler. $25; coach-
man. $35: young man to learn barkeeplngr:
several .waiters, ; $25 to $35; - oysterman, $40;;
dishwashers, $15 to $25;. shirt Ironer, $35; etc.
..ANDRE'S," 316 Stockton st.
MAN and wife; Mexico: charge of boarding-
■ house; good wages; see party here. MISS :
CULLEN; 325 Sutter st.
MAN assist kitchen; small restaurant; $10.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st .
MARRIED caretaker; warehouse tally clerk:
2 grocery clerks; wholesale liquor house bar-
tender; office correspondent. 313 Bush st. >
TO " open 10 country stores; an Incorporated
company, representing $150,000; managers and
clerks wanted. Particulars 313 Bush st.
HEAD bookkeeper, wholesale liquor; house, at
once; 2 cellarmen: bottler. 313 Bush st.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal; control of business. 313 Bush st.
EXPRESS driver who can furnish bonds: 2
warehouse Junior clerks. 1023 Market st. ;
MAN ■ and wife, charge of hotel, care of bar
and housekeeper. 1023 Market st.
6 MEN for Pacific Coast trade, distiller's line;
big pay. 1023 Market st.
10 MEN I for Alaska, .for one of the most suc-
cessful financial concerns in city; good money
for right parties. 1023 Market st.
MAN and wife to work on gentleman's place;
grocery clerk. 1023 Market ■ st. '
HEAD waiter, $35, near city. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 420 Kearney st.
WANTED — An honest, willing boy for grocery
and bar; a good home with small wages. Ap-
' ply grocery. Sixteenth ■■ and Church sts.
WANTED — Boy who can feed printing press.
STUPARICH, 141 Fremont st.
GOOD presrer. California Clothing Renovatory,
116 Geary st.
WANTED bootblack; one day only. . 736
Market st. : . ■ . ■
WANTED — A man for nursery work and Job-
bing gardening. Call 500 Halght st.
BOY wanted, about 17: must have had some
experience In carpet line. Call 2020 Mission.
PLUMBER helper wanted. . 2931 Folsom st. .
GOOD barber wanted; Saturday and Sunday.
■ 116 Pacific st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. People's Restaur-
: ant. 631 Clay st. Call after 7 a. m.
WANTED— A waiter; steady. 626 Sacramento.
GOOD waiter. 1245 Kentucky st. The Model
■• Restaurant. • . :
EXPERIENCED pitch vein, coal miners at
Tesla. Alanieda County,. 45 miles from San
Francisco: . steady work; good wages; only
good miners need apply. Address TESLA
COAL CO., room 515. 328 Montgomery, 8." F.
WANTED— A good man to buy a half Interest
In 2 laundry wagons and large route; will
guarantee purchaser to . make $3 50 to $5 per
day: reference required; price $400. . Box 589,
Call office. • ' . :
WANTED— RetaiI salesman;.' one familiar with
grocery i.r crockery line. Box 696, Call office.
WANTEDtA barber , with one ■ or two years'
experience. 614 Geary st. ■
I WANTED— •Errand boy for drug store. Ad-
dress. •; In own handwriting, • giving name, age
and residence.' : Drugs, box 389, - Call office.
WANTED— Boy to work In grocery store; sleep
home. Apply southeast corner Saoramento
and Leavenworth sts.
GOOD hotel barber shop. Including both. in a
country town, for sale. 1 . For particulars at
CO4 Battery st. :
SINGLE furnished 1 fine, large sunny ami airy
room. -: ■ night. . Roeedale Hob—, 8;i King.
RECRUITS: wanted ■ for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the nt" of
21 and 30 years, ■ who are cltlxens of the
United. Stntes. or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such} must
be ; of good; character and habits and able to
Bj>«-nk. read - and write . English, and lx* be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For
further Information apply at :■ the recruiting
office. 20 Ellis st. San, Francisco. CM. "
WANTED— Laborers =- and mechanics "to know
•: that Ed Rolkin. • Reno i House proprietor; still
runs . Denver , House. 217 Third st.; 150 "large
. rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn s barber trade' In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College.- 138% Eighth St. _ ;
3 MEN :to solicit and : collect; port salary and
'?. commission. 1232 Broadway. Oakland.
WINCHESTER .: HOUSE. 44 Third \ st.. . near
Market; 200 rooms.. 250 a night; reading room;
' free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; ; free «mploy-
ment. ; Bernard. Sec, 104 7th ; : tel. ; South 625.
MEN'S fine calf * shoes to order, $2 B0; c men's
soling. 35c; ; only one: price. .". 959 - Howard »t.
SAILORS, J ordinary., seamen, : carpenters' coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 16 Ste'uart st!
■ CA ,R R fRf AM ' n f Free Employm't i Office, f- S.
I FUCHS. Sec. ; 825 Grant aye. ; • Ul. Grant ■ ISO.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— - and ordinary seamen for
Alaska Puget Sound. Mexico, etc. ; apply
■ ; Mariners' Home. . W. W. LANE. 504 Davis st.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c , night: 75c and $t
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— Montana House, 764V4 Mission,
' • men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, gQc and $1 per, week.'
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
] clerks Knox_Conect: lon Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 2."c a night: $1 a week.
ELEVENTH, Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads. taken.
~" AGENTS WANTED. ~
AGENTS^wanted-Murat Halstead's great war
• book; '"Our Country in War': all about
- armies, navies, coast defenses. Maine disas-
ter Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations; nearly 600 pages: all written
since Maine disaster; magnificent colored il-
lustrations; agents making. slo to $39 per day,
no experience necessary; liberal .terms; £i
days' credit; price low; freight paid; outfit
free: send 9 2-c stamps to pay postage. Edu-
cational Union, 324 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
AC -NTS for "Our Naval War With Spain";
splendidly illustrated: only authentic book to
be published; free outfit now ready; act quick.
■ National Pub. Co., Lakeside bldg., Chicago.
STREETMEN wanted in every town to sell th«
comical fighting figures representing Spain
and America; sample by mail 10c. A. MUL-
LIN. 242 Minna st. __
61R LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want nd* taken.
~ FURNITURE? WANTED^ ~~
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery St.: highest price paid. Tpl. Davis 71.
ROOMS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN ' wants room in exchange for
lessons In drawing or German. Box 584, Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
FURNISHED rooms wanted with board tar
responsible business men. 313 Bush st.
WANTED—MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Hair . picking machine, second-
! hand: must be in good order; state price.
'-.Box. 583. Call office. .
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished tranca
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she.
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions: unites the separate, recovers - lost.
stolen or burled property: locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life. past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hour*
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 1206 Market st.. opposite Sixth.
A— MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1346 Market St.:
trance medium. Without asking a question
she tells the name of her callers; she tells
past, present and future correctly; tells your
age and occupation: she reunites the sepa-
rated, changes luck, causes speedy and happy
marriages with the one of your choice; sha
locates burled treasures, removes evil Influ-
ences and all long-standing ailments. Letters
with stamps enclosed promptly answered.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
■ card reader.magnetic treatment.4ol Leavnwh.
FREE test to all this week. LEANDER, test
and developing medium, .'OB Eddy st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth Et., room 10.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny St.. room 2.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and ' card
I reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. -5 Fourth st. ■
i MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS., first In her pre-
fepslon: never falls; advice; help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM. ..
j CIRCLE to-day. 2 p. m. ; Tuesday, 8 p. m. ; C.
Mayo-Steers. 112% Oak: readings $1.
JOHN SLATER, test seance to-night at 8:15
sharp; hall 111 Larkln St.: admission 10c.
ELSIE REYNOLDS' last materializing circle
Thursday evening. 50c. 322 O'Farrell st
AIRS. . BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
-, reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 679 Geary.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night; 10c: 605 McAllister; fine music ,
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister: t»>l.Jes«ie.93B.
MRS. SHAFFEI.. test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st. .
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 23.1 Valencia St.; read-
ings $1: clr. Tties.. Fri.. 2 p. m. Sat.. 8: 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st. _^
M. FRANCES. independent slate- writing me-
dium. lIS Halght st.
.' PALMISTRY. ~~
FREE lecture by Mrs. Chandler Sunday, 3 pi
m.. at hall. 305 Larkln st. ; readings Thurs.,
Sat. at hall; Wes., Fri. at res., 353 Geary.
CALL and have your hand read by a student
of'Chelro's. 835 Market f-t.. 1 near Fourth.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute. 402% Geary: hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued: diseases and habits cured.
LOST.
Certificate No. 897 for 100 shares Cypress
Lawn Improvement Co.' stock, in name of
W. J. GURNETT, Trustee: finder will please,
leave with the secretary. ■ NW. . corner Market
st. and City Hall Square, rooms 3 and 4. and
be rewarded. W. W. MARVIN, Secy.
LOST— In neighborhood of Fulton and Octavla
sts., 2 keys. No. 106 and No. 11. Return to
S. V. W. W., 126 Stockton ' st. : reward.
WEDNESDAY: lady's false bang; curly gray
hair. Return to office, 1001 Pine; reward.
SMALL bay mare and mule lost. Return In-
gleslde dairy or 1718 Howard st.
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ELIZABETH LEE. No. 221-542. The
finder will please return to Bank.
LOST— A . pass-book with the Hlbernta Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the.
name of ELLEN O'CONNOR: No. 166,623. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Long, gray-haired German Spitz dog:
-reward $o. Return . Golden West Hotel,, iv 9.
LOST — Sunday, gold watch: monagram A. M.
F. Return to Occidental Hotel: reward.
: FOUND.
FOUND— dog. Inquire at 763 Mission.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
. veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed : since 1592; catalogue.
AT the School of Elocution and Expression:
first floor over the Alcarar Theater: summer
terra begins this month; for teachers and
Students; • 1-.'* p. m. dally.' MRS. MAY
JOSEPHI-KINCAID. Principal. '•■
A YRES' Business College, 723 Market st:
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. : life scholar-
ship, $50; lew rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations: a
WHUM In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. KG ■ Market St. . .
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry.Ph. B.,Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. C. 2407 S. Atherton,
nr.Channlng way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, mm
Ing.mech. survey. assay, archlt.: day & eve.;
; Mt , ISM V.AN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught In one month: terms $10;
students should Investigate. 712 . Van ' Ness.
HORSES.
10 CAMPING horses i cheap; wagons and har-
ness auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
cart!", harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
k«'t. 327 Sixth St.; auction sales ; very Wednes-
day SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds: 40 horses: must' sell. Emporium Sales
Ynrds. '22o Valencia st. 'T. P. NEWELL. '
-———"——--——— ... ~ ? . — ! '
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
WANTED— PaneI box ' business buggy in good
-- order. R. R.. box 556. Call office
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand ■ and new ; «ogon: • " cheap. Bull' a
Head : Repository. Fifteenth -nd Valencia.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles^ Lle-
bold Harness Co., ill .Larkln. opp. City HalL
FINE laundry, baker's and mi'kwagon» cheap
: for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
■ buggy: also i hack -•- 828 Harrison st. ' - ■ ..'
PHYSICIANS. ; vv: '
DR. C. C. O' DONNELL, : office , and ; residence.
; , 1206 ' Market ; ' diseases ; of '■ women ; a : specialty.
■■:- : ::'■■■• --■ -:'-.^.:-.r. - -^^lra*? s !k*aw«wsj**ifl^i.-te*»%w^*!gTW^».w«i'■ RUSINESS CHANCES.
$1050 - OLD -ESTABLISHED bar-room~on
Kearny st., close to Chronicle building;, rent
*l«0; doing a good paying business; only flrst-
miVr S^. Large stock on hand. See
" li-Kl.. (S3 Market st: new number 845. ■
$1250— BARROOM doing a first-class paying
business and elegantly fitted up; close to
. Palace Hotel; rent $50; a rare .r.isines; open-
ing. all WILKE, 753 Market st., new num-
ber 545.
|600— OLD-ESTABLISHED and first-class pay-
Ing saloon; close to Baldwin Hotel; low rent;
elegant fixtures; a great sacrifice; Important
business calls owner north. Call WILKE
7S3Vs Market st. _* ;
A— s6oo RESTAURANT in the very best loca-
tion, doing a rushing business; first-class
prices and best class custom; low rent. In-
qulre WILKJS, 783 Market st.
12500— OLD- ST A BLI HED saloon in choicest
down-town location. with building: long
lease; doing a first-class paying business-
other engagements compel owner to sacrifice
WILKE. 7^3 Market st. "
A PARTNER wanted, either lady . or gentle-
man, in paying restaurant, to receive cash
and look after help; meals 25c up; small capi-
tal if suitable party; trial; great opening m
LESS, 765 Markot St. *" '
$SiO— FIRST-CLAPS butcher shop, • north of
Market st. ; 2 horses, 'I wagons, hanasome
etore; clearing $125 to $150 per month: trial
M. LESS. 765 Market St.
$500— SALOON, north Market; great business
street; big transient and regular trade; large
stock, line fixtures; 6 living rooms' owrT.r
there 8 years; other business cause of sale-
offer. M. LESS, 765' Market st. -, '
1150-CORNER butcher shop; best part In Mls-
!l22i neat store bound to attract custom;
receipts $9 to $10; Saturdays $25; all cash
trade; departure cau*e of sale; great sacrt-
nee. M. LEbh, .••.■ Market st.
$1100— CORNER saloon and liquor store, princi-
pal street heart of city; old established: large
stock; handsome fixtures; business speaks for
Itself; full investigation to prove that this
. offer Is actually worth $1600; present owner
Vnnlv MV : rs: --- M kn ! " < compelling Bale .
appij ii.Ut.bb, <6u Market st., opposite Phe-
lan building. .» r
$400— Bakery; principal street, heart of city
living rooms; rent $25; baking 14 bbls. flour
per day; all store trade; impossible to find
anything better in this line. M. LESS. 765
Market st.
A-KREDO & CO. 22i4 Geary st
, nv , n UP-TO-DATE BROKERS. * ''
l-ovo— Drug store; good chance for practical
man.
Roadhouse: San Bruno road; furniture.
rooms" ° " er grocery and bar; 4 furnished
rooms.
$175— Grocery and bar; give-away,
i Delicacy; fine corner; with living rooms.
$4i,o— Best shooting gallerr; cigar stand.
_ For particulars call un KKEDO & CO.
A— CIGAR stands from $200 to $500; best part
MArket and Kearny. KREDO & CO., 22Vi
Geary st.
1150— RESTAURANT: bargain this day; leaving
the city. Mclaughlin & CO.. 23 Kearny.
$300— CORNER grocery and bar; good horse an.l
wagon; stock worth price asked. McLAUGH-
LIN A. CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$1500— SALOON: owner is going Into extensive
business. McLAUGHLIN A; CO., 23 Kearny.
PARTIES desiring to sell their business
promptly for cash. HEALY. 917 Market st.
$"0° — MILK, butter and egg route. 200 custo-
mers, clearing $100 month; horse and wagon
Apply HEALY & CO.. 917 Market st.
$2?0 SNAP; corner saloon with 3 furnished
rooms; Fourth st, near Market; fine fixtures:
good business; rent $25 month, BASILE, 870V4
or 1029 Market st.
$400— RESTAURANT in country town for sale;
no cash rent to be paid. It being taken out
in board; good transient trade and several
regular boarders. For particulars address box
578. Call Office.
$:00— PARTNER wanted: suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
given; short hours: duties light. 31 Third st.,
room 1; apply from 10 to 12 a. m.
WANTED— A family in Sausallto or San Ra-
fael to board boy 14 years old for a few
weeks; state terms. 1 Beale place, off Beale.
WANTED— Good restaurant man with small
capital. Call at Terminal Hotel. HaJght and
Stanyan sts.
FOR SALE— A long established good paying
corset business. Address 143 Larkin st.
"YOUNG lady wants a young lady partner;
must have $40. Box DSS, Call office.
$225— CIGAR store; Al location! Inquire Call
office.
$3*io— FOß sale; a chop house doing a good
business: rent $;.'■: this is a bargain. Ad-
dress box 4SO, Call office.
PARTNER In paying saloon near Examiner [
office; bargain. Particulars, cigar stand, 33
. Third st. , ..
SALOON in Oakland will be ..Id cheap.
" H.MAN. LUTGEN & CO., 318 Clay St.
GOOD corner saloon for sale; low rent and
very reasonable. Call 423 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS paying restaurant; established
for 8 years with same owners; best location;
Junction of two leading streets: trial given
before purchasing; price made to suit buyer;
present owners going to Europe. For particu-
lars address K. J.. box 9, Call office, Oakland.
FOR SALE or exchange — $3500: drug store:
Ualveston;. on principal street: doing good
business: owner has other business. O.
BERGER, Galveston, Texas.
STOCK and fixtures of a well paying cigar
store for sale; good reason for selling; no
agents. Southeast cor. Sansome and Wash-
ington sts.
PAYING cash milk business; 2 wagons: 2
routes; 3 horses; milk depot; cheap; owner
leaving town. U. S., box 7, Call office, Oak-
land.
FOR SALE— Home bakery, notions, tamales;
good trade; cheap rent. 1913, Howard St.
FOR sale — Corner grocery and bar; nicely
located. Inquire 1400 Folsom St.. cor. Tenth.
WOOD and coal business, old stand; must
sell Immediately; no agents. Box 403, Call.
FOR SALE— Branch bakery, on account of
sickness. Address box 415, Call office. '
TWO chair barber shop; first-class location.
1C22 Falrview »L, Lorin. Berkeley.
$12.') — GROCERY store; good beer trade; rent
$10; living rooms. 230 Langton st. -■-•
FINE corner saloon; 4 living rooms; rent $20;
selling at sacrifice. 331 Sixth st. -
FOR SALE — Cheap; grocery and bar. Call at
Chicago Brewery. '
BUTCHERS, attention!— For sale very cheap.
one of the best shops In the city: other
business the cause of selling. Box 4678. Call.
FOREIGN capital for large tracts timber,
crazing lands, cattle ranches, copper mines:
only large propositions entertained. Address
Capital, box 425, Call oflice.
CORNER grocery for sale; 20 years under pres- i
ent owner, who leaves on account of sickness.
Eighth and Harrison ets., opposite Recreation
Park. . . . ■
GOOD planing mill and lumber yard for sale.
Box 455, Call office.
FINE milk delivery route In Santa Rosa;
6 horses, 2 wagons, harness and all the ap-
pliances; military call reason for sale; refer-
ences. 2201 Steiner st.
REAL estate and insurance business in grow-
ing neighborhood; chance for enterprising
man. 301 Noe st. ■
GROCERY store for sale. Inquire at 220 First
St.. northwest corner Tehama.
g\;AP_-.40-can milk business; good milk from
country secured; cash trade clearing $150 per
month- $300 down, balance 6 months' time;
horse, wagon, cans, etc. Box 611. Call office.
* 1100— DAIRY depot, with small butter route:
V', id- paying business: low rent; reason of
selling, going East. Address box 510, Call.
PARTNER wanted with $2000 in a wholesale
and retail liquor business. Address box 508,
Call office. ■
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale. Address
Call agency. Stockton.
FOR sale— 2 old-estab groceries and bars;
price $2.'. < >0 and $1250. Apply Call office.
loon for gale. 333 Bush st.
WANTED— Young lady partner with $200; good
business. K-. box 10, Call office. Oakland.
FOR sal"* — C all route at San Jose: for par-
ticular* apply at Call business office or to E.
, F. PIERCE. San Jose.
BUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN. Lorln. Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from- GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
CARPET -CLEANING.
riTY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works: cleans,
move* T lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
SS and 40 Eighth^stj telephone South 250.
vi-HFN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ATWAVrK" Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
t MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co.. 453
Stevens^ Tst.; tel. S. 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relald at 3c.
C STRATTON. 3 Elg h St.: tel. Jessie 944.
rß riT Fastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 8t st. B. GRANT, teL Jessie Ml.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st : cleaning a yard; teL Mission 74.-
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 833 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. "Ast 128. s
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
■• variations and want ads taken. •:
■ -■■,• ■
PERSONALS.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts mi-
i curred by my wife. Gussle Warnke, she hav-
i Ing left my bed and board. PETER
UAKXKE.
MATRIMONY.
MARRY— Money refunded if not suited within
6 months; send 12c for monthly matrimonial
paper and special terms. Address "WEDDIMi
BELL." 11l Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
THE Pacific. 40fi Geary-Only legitimate matrl-
monial assn west of Chicago; dftails free.
11l SIXESS i ERSONALS.
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order;
clothes that fit; clothes that Jar the high-
priced tailors In quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit.
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS, 920 Broadway. Oakland.
THERE Is a great difference In hair: I dress
your hair correctly: price 25c only; good
switches $1; best, finest quality *3 50; extra
hea\y, long. $5; open Sundays from 9 to IZ.
<i. LEDERER. in Stockton st.
| RAG carpets wove to order and Tor sale: also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portiores; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 70:. Fifth, Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms.
»Gc to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. :,79 Geary st.
MAGICAL performance! eiven lor all occasions;
magic taught. MAGICIAN HENRY. 309 Sixth.
lAT 111 Larkin ft •'- c's Society: Bp. m.;
i speaking and tests by go,-d mediums; fiee.^
QUINONIA Hair T ■!•! ■ stops hnir from fall-
ing out. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton ft.
HOME In confin»m»nt : diseases cf women.
MRS. DR. FUNKS, 141 C Bth St.. Alameda.
I SUITS to order on easy 'nstallments. L
T.F.MOP. 1117*MarUet ft.. b<»t. 7th nnd ith.
DRESSMAKKH**.
MME. GOLDSTEIN r.lecant, stylish dresses.
$5 up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy st., rm. 15.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Vailorlng
College. 916 Market st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
i I OFFER FOR SALE
■ 2^-room boarding house $3600
24 rooms; transient; clears fISO 50-1
25 rooms on Market; clears $100 600
86- room house; 2 fronts; offer wanted
4 20-room houses; from $JM to ,1600
3 50-room houses; from $1400 to 3000
3 105-room houses; from $2.i00 to 6000
K-room hotel; cost $10.0i»> 3800
50-room apartment house for exchange.. 4000
7-room flat on Geary st 250
20-room house ...ivM 22-room house ..$5OO
10-room house .. 150 24 rooms, corner.. 750
55 rooms, cor ..3000! 14 rms. on Sutter 700
11 C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREI ■" ,\ ' ' ' ■• .- ' '■"•' :■ -'
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
Rist with us; no charge for advertising; 500
j houses; all sizes; all pricea,
Following are a few special bargains:
i 23 rooms; reduced from $1000 to $600
| 3$ rooms; worth S2&00; for 130n
20 rooms; fuhiu- comer: bargain at $2000. .1600
20 rooms; ren™ only J6O 750
Many large houses from Bfl to 800 rooms, too
i numerous to mention. KREDO & CO.. 22' i
f Geary st.
BUY of owner: $700 cash: 21-room house; cen-
tral and full of steady room-rs: rent $60
I month: Investigate this Boa BK, Call office.
; $2i .IOO— LODGING hnuse wanted in exchange for
Oakland unincumberrd house and lot. KKE-
i>r> ,<• c(\, -.'■■ Qean «
|36 ROOMS, substantial furniture, cheap, in
city; would exchange for lots. 472 Eighth St.,
roam 7. Oakland.
FIRNITIRE FOR SALE.
. FOR SALE— Furniture of 5-mom flat: com-
plete; cheap- must be sold. 252 Jessie St., cor.
Fourth.
ALASKA F.NTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson. Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof. Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10.
connecting with the speediest steamer on th»
; Yukon, the F. M. Smith; unexcelled facilities
I for handling freight and passengers; before
making contracts call at general office, 6JO
Market st.
FOR BALE-r-A trip to Klondyke and a year's
provisions free. Apply 1501 Market St.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that reptores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause) '
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used:
home In confinement; pills and- capsules, ?1 :
every case guaranteed ; consultation free arid
confidential: hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MKS.
DR. WYETH. 20S Turk St., near Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments ised; guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped instantly;
home In confinement; consult free; hours 10 to
" to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
' A REGULAR physician, having fa
I experience, has just arrived from the East,
and, wishing to remain In California for a
time, desires tr> take charge of a physician's
business who may want to tak<- a - acatlon;
the best of references jfivpn and physician's
interests carefully guarded, i'ail i r ;i Idress
between 7 and 8 p. m., room US, Grand Hotel,
Pan Francisco.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. navies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity : disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
' though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adi.ptM: travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 59 McAllister
st.; pills. $1; very strong, $2: cure, $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulet'6 capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for fpmale diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive, price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
Fpecial diseases free. WALLER BKOS.. 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A Cautian— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process; a great progress In medical
science for female trouble; no matter from
what cause: no medicine or Instruments
used: restores In one day without fall: every
woman h«"r own physician; away, disgrace;
consultation free: can be sent and used at
homp; by the well known DR. POPPER. 318
Kearny st. Call on a man physician.
LADIES, Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; toke
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladler": letter by return mail: at
I druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
DR. WINTERS * !>. Schwartz. 862 Castro rnr.
7th. Oakland; reliable practitioners: home In
confinement: guar'td cure for all female dis-
eases from whatever cause; diagnosis free.
DR. and MRP. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted into good horn««.
DR. WIPE'S private sanitarium, 307 Jones st.,
formerly of 800 Kearny and late of Belvlew
Hospital. N. V. ; d -eases of women; advice
free; experienced !ady attendant.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; price
fl 50: RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st. : send
2c stamp for particulars to Sejruro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium, 1412 Mason st. : pri-
vate home In confinement : competent physi-
cians and nurses; trms. reas. Powell-st. cars.
MRS. ARCHARD. midwife; home In confine-
ment; confinement alone $5. 156 Second st.
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
women nnd children.
LADIES -Mr* I>r Puotr: Infallible. Fafe rem-
edies: 38 years' experience. 2*4'» Fourth st.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $.'>; s»e new flexibi"
plates; light and tliin; warranted ten year.i;
teeth without platep, crown and bridge w«,rk
our specialty; fillings, TiOc; crown.-, ti 50; all
work painless ana warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth *t. : telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK Dentists- Full set of teeth. $:. up;
painless extraction; fillings, 25c up; old plates
made over or mended; work warranted;
crowns and bridges; open Sundays. .'C9 Mis-
sion St., southeast corner of Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. I4U Market st.. nr. 11th:
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates mnde over like new: ieelh
from $8 per set: extractlnc f.Oc; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Lock dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extracting and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved -from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings. 2."> c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DR. LUELLA COOL, 554 Sutter; crowns. $5;
aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg.. Cth floor, rms. 603-807.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. H. C.
Yox^rr;. is4i Pnik «t.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL^typewrlterß gold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER A CO., 110 Montgomery.
YOST good order, $25; send for sample work.
6COTT & BANNAN, 833 Montgomery »v
THE SA2S FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUKE 9, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
THE desirable premises" now. occupied by the
Irving Institute; suitable for a family hotel
or public Institution; the building has 40 or
more rooms and is situated in the Mission
warm belt, being 1036 Valencia St., corner of |
Hill; a bright sunny ■ location, with large
grounds. Apply to BOVEE, XOY & SONN-
TAG. 624 Market st. .
10-ROOM house; good location; good shape.. sso
14-room house; nicely situated ...43
14-room house; fine corner; long lease..... SO
THE REYNOLDS CO..
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
ALL OVER TOWN-
You see houses to . rent by . BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT S-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake sts.; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market st.
MASON. 616, near Furnished . house of
10 rooms; good locality for room renting.
, FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
GROVE. 818. bet. , Webster & Fillmore—
furnished flat; 6 rooms: piano; flower garden;
stable If desired: rent reasonable; references
given & required; call between 10 and 2.
NEW, modern, sunny corner house, nicely fur-
nished; 7 rooms and bath. Apply 3325 Cali-
fornia St., corner Second aye. ,
TAYLOR, Completely rurni hed sunny
house, 10 rooms and* bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 pm. . (
HOUSES WANTED.
3 TO 6 acres, with house, 5 or 6 rooms, near
Berkeley, Oakland, Elmhurst or Fruitvale;
lease for 3 to 5 years. !
• :. THE REYNOLDS CO.,
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CORNER cottage of 5 rooms, $13; yard. Lom-
bard and Hyde sts.
FOLSOM, 1268, near Ninth— 3 sunny rooms;
• yard; basement; cheap to small family.
FOR summer; Marin County; 45 minutes; fur-
nished 7-room cottage; reasonable; reference.
Box 593. Call office.
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath; base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St., near
. Dolores. >
$20— COTTAGE, 5 rooms; prettiest in city; new;
2963 Twenty-first st. : key at corner grocery.
FLATS TO LET.
A HOWARD, 1728, NW. cor. Erie. nr. Thir-
teenth— 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water
free; key at 1722 Howard: appreciated if seen.
A FINE view— New sunny upper fiat .of 6
rooms and bath. 1005 Hayes st. " ■'-■■..
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st. ■'
BUSH, 123S— Large fiat of 3 rooms; cheap rent.
CASTRO, 1512, near Twenty-fifth— Flat, ■ 4 large
rooms; bath, gas, mirror- mantels: $11 50.
FLATS, 5 and 6 rooms, $12 and $14: also cot-
tage. 4 rooms, $10. Key 623 Second st., near
Buchanan.
FOLSOM, S. W. cor. Thirteenth— Two flats, 6
rooms, bath; rent suit times. Apply premises.
FULTON, 115 — Fine middle sunny flat, seven
rooms; bath: near City Hall.
JACKSON, 2601, southwest corner of Spruee —
Lower flat, 4 sunny rooms, kitchen and bath;
fireplaces and grates; gas; presses; yard, etc.:
separate entrance; unobstructed view of the
bay; adults preferred; $20 a month. c
MINNA, 637, between Seventh and Eighth—
Nice, clean sunny, fiat 3 rooms, $10.
NINETEENTH, 3930, bet. Noe and Sanchez-
Flat. 5 large rooms; bath.gas.large yard;sl2 50.
SUNNY flat, 5 rooms and bath; rent $18. 1577
Turk st. ' ■
TEHAMA, Upper sunny fiat, 7 rooms: gas;
bath anil modern improvements; rent $21.
FIRMSUKI) FLATS.
TO LET — upper furnished flat of 5
rooms; rent reasonable to the right party.
27F.2U Bush st. ■
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING..
! BAKER, 2110—3 rooms, alcove, bath; complete-
ly furnished; piano; $20; references.
BARTLETT. 134— 2 or I furnished sunny rooms
for light housekeeping; reasonable.'
BRYANT, 420— Nice large clean sunny room,
'complete for housekeeping. $9 a month.
; BUSH €75—3 large well furnished rooms, front;
first floor, with bath, $22 50; also nicely fur-
nished front suite and bath, $'..'>. ,
BUSH, 1235, near Larkin— 3 tunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping. ■ v -■• :
CLAY, 1026—3. large rooms, unfurnished, for
housekeeping; good order; $8 50. . .
DEVISADERO,' 1611, up-stairs— Nicely, fur-
nished sunny front housekeeping rooms; very
reasonable. ' -
EDDY. 60S— Large furnished room; hot and
cold water; use of kitchen.
EDDY, 915—2 or 4 furnished or .unfurnished
rooms; gas range; fine location; private resi-
dence. . • ■' "• •
EDDY. 917— Very desirable front connecting
housekeeping; gas range; splendid location.
ELLIS, 61V- 2 sunny front rooms: bath; closets;
gas stove; private family; moderate. ■
EIGHTH. 36^ near Market— Unfurnished. 2
large sunny front rooms; bath; cheap.
ELLIS. 214— Sunny front rooms: also house-
keeping; $1 50 to $2 f>o per week. ' ••• .
FOLSOM, 1581—3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
lower floor: one bay window; good for dress- i
maker; rent $12.
FULTON, 116 — Front sunny room complete for
housekeeping, $10 month: 2 bark rooms, $8.
FULTON. 121—2 Bunny front furnished rooms;
range and water; large yard; rent $10.
GEARY. 1917— For adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; $20.
HOWARD, 623— A large front room complete
for housekeeping. • - -
HOWARD, 1059 M' — Sunny; completely furnished
housekeeping; double and single rooms; $5 up.
IVY AYE., 309, near Franklin— 2 sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; stove, sink, clos-
ets; $9; no children. g ■
JESSIE. 171, near Fifth and Market— House-
keeping; $7 and $10.
LARKIN, Sunny, front, furnished house-
keeping rooms; single or en suite.
LEAVENWORTH, 1403, near Jackson— 3 nice
sunny furnished rooms for housekeeping; $10
per month; bath.
MARKET, IC2B— Large sunny front room and
kitchen: folding bed; closet; $12.
MASON.. 413, opp. Native Sons' Hall— Nicely
furnished sunny roc ins; suitable for house-
keeping; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 340—2 sunny rooms; furnished
for housekeeping.
MINNA, 111%— Front furnished housekeeping
room, $1 50 wee..; single rooms, 75c week up.
MINNA, 436— Large sunny furnished room,
with cook stove; $6; other rooms.
MISSION, 829—2 laree '■ sunny housekeeping
•rooms neatly furnished; $12 per month.
MISSION, Clean sunny rooms; housekeep-
ing and others; week or month; very cheap.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front suite, single,
small kitchen, $13: front bay-window, light
housekeeping, $8 50; gas.
NINTH, Large sunny bay-window rooms
complete for housekeeping. • $8; running
water; ,gas. > :
OAK, 54— Front Bunny furnished parlor; new
house. ■ ■•■■:.■
PAGE. 434 — 3 sunny rooms and bath, partly
furnished. Call from 10 to 12 a. m.
POLK. 605— Large clean front sunny alcove
■room; exclusive kitchen: bath; gas; $17.
POLK, 1519—3 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping. :
SEVENTH, 5,"l Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; sunny; $5 60. '. ;
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $9 per month. ■
THIRD, 309— Large sunny nicely furnished
room for light housekeeping, $6 per month.
THIRD, EOV4— furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing. ' .--.•■■■ :*- . ..■;. --- .
TURK, 201— Two front rooms for housekeeping;
corner house: gas and bath; $16. : : ■ ,-.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
THREE or 6 pleasant Bunny | rooms, furnished
housekeeping: Dies grounds: central. 615 15th.
ROOMS TO LET.
i AT Hotel Florence— Elegant suites from $20
month; single $10; a quiet home; bath: eleva-
tor; every convenience for families and large
parties, by the day or .week; give us a call.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719— Furnished and
;, unfurnished; ' choice . and sunny; • reasonable. ;?;
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; - reasonable;
Com. . Transfer Co.. 22 Stockton st.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON ' House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
Vln every respect; terms reasonable. V-.i' ->.J-
AT* 242 ■ Stockton— Siinny ' rooms; ';■ pretty 'i view;
,• quiet ■ house: j baths; , gas; very reasonable.
'AT 147 Powell and - 211 OTarrell, nicely f fur-
| nlshed rooms by day. week or month.
ROOMS TOILET— Continued.
BOHEMIA— 239 Post — Newly furnished; all
conveniences; central; $3 50 week up.
CLINTON Park, 150, near Thirteenth and Va- j
lencia— Nice sunny furnished room, use of ;
kitchen, $8; no children.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, US— lf you want sunny, clean, quiet
rooms call here; $5 up.
EDDY, 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $5 a month and up.
EDDY, 743— Parlor floor of 4 unfurnished rooms;
also upper flat; reasonable.
EDDY, 62S— Elegant sunny front bay-window
alcove room; running water, bath, gas, grate;
connecting bedroom if desired; strlcuy first-
class.
ELEGANTLY furnished apartments with spe-
cial privileges for refined gentleman; no
other roomers. Address E. G., box 451, Call.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents. $1 50 to $8 week.
ELLIS House. 1211 Market, nr. Sixth— Furnish-
ed rooms, $1 50 to $5 per week; transient.
FOLPOM, S2O, near Fourth— sl a week and up;
sunny furnished rooms.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FULTON, 233, near Van Ness— Handsomely
furnished bay-window room; gaa; grate;
bath; reasonable.
GEARY. 595, cor. Jones— Elegant sunny rooms, I
suiteß and single; strictly first-class; refs.
GEARY, 622— Nice sunny single room, $8 j
month; also handsome front room; gentlemen. ]
GEARY, 1945— Large double front room, with [
board: suitable for 2 young men; reasonable;
private family; also other rooms.
GIRARD HOUSE, cor. Seventh and Howard-
Sunny rooms, moderate; also housekeeping.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room: Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE A\'E., 336— Sunny front rooms;
also single with gas; rent cheap.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 630— Neatly furnished
room for gentleman only.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 741— Sunny front bay-window
rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
HYDE, 40S— Sunny suite and single rooms, with
or without board; excellent table; reasonable.
IVY AYE.. SOB, near Franklin— Nice furnished
front room; grate; $4.
LARKIN, 1200 — Sunny front rooms; $4 and
up. .
MASON, 406— Sunny front rooms in suites or
single for gentlemen. |
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished j
bay-window room, fl p*r week.
MISSION. 122« --Nice large sunny parlor; p4ano, !
running watrr; bath; suitable 2; $10 month, i
OAK, 22— Large light sunny front room; suit- j
able for workshop or storage; cheap.
O'FARRELL. 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable. |
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms, 75c !
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class In every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
"RANDOLPH," Post and Mason— Bay-window
parlors and suites; smaller rooms; $1 50 to $4.
SEVENTH, 136— Single front rooms, nicely fur-
nished. $1 per week.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER State House. 16-18 Mason St.— Fur-
nished rooms; single, $1 50 to $3 a week, \
suites, $4 to $5: baths; elevator; electric,
lights; hot and cold water; transient sollc- i
ltd; restaurant connected. MRS. J. GALE, :
proprietor.
BONNY room: hath; gas; Protestant family.
1 x 499, ("al! off!.-..
BUTTER, 1148 Fur, sunny rooms, or as offices; j
bay window, ens, baths; running water; mod. I
TAYLOR. 109- Bunny double room with sep-
arate beds. $10: sunny single room. $1 50.
TURK, 326 -Two unfurnished sunny front j
rooms; suitable for light housekeeping; no i
children.
TURK, 19— Nicely furnished rooms; suites;
also singlp rooms.
TURK. 405— Front sunny furnished rooms; $6 ]
up: bath.
ItOOMS V .» BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything
new, cheerful; first-class every respect; board
optional. The Sirius, 1505 Stockton: Kearny cars j
K1.1.1P. MS- Nicely furnished rooms. best
board; $20 per .onth.
Fd.sOM. "611— Swedish private boarding, v\lth|
• room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
SCUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per j
w*ek; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
THE Oriel— With <r without board; new. ele- j
pantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st. '
snltps. with board for 2. $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
SUTTER. 76T— Elegant sunny rooms, with ex-
ceptional board; select location: reasonable.
SUTTER. 1128— Sunny suite; single rooms; first-
class board; large grounds. Mrs.W. F. Evans, i
VAN NESS aye., SOS— Sunny newly furnished j
rooms, electric lichts, bath, with board; j
terms moderate.
riin.nici:\ iioardf.d.
-
GERMAN family without children wants child !
to board. Call or address K. D., 1032 Hamp-
shire st., bet. 22d and ZSd.
SINGLE 1.-uly would, like little girl to board, i
teach and for company in country; $4. Ad- ■
dress Box 412. Call Office. |
WIDOW would board 1 or 2 small children or I
Infant. 3279 Seventeenth st.. near Mission, j
JESSIE. 839— Good home for Infant or 1 or 2 j
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board: a
mother's care: references. 234'^ Sixth «t.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER stnrp, Twpnty-fourth and Florida
Fts. ; formerly occupied by drug store. In-
quire at 2502 Twenty-fourth st.
NORTHEAST corner Pacific and Sansome stn. ; |
handsome corner store, with or without base-
mpnt; chpap.
OFFICES TO LET.
PHYSICIANS: dentists— Corner bay-window
suites of three rooms; first floor. 102 Ellis I
St.. corner Powell.
FACTORIES TO LET:
MI?PION, 579, opp. Wells-Fargo's Express-
Second floor; power available for straw
works, paper box, shirt, shoes, factories, etc.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts , San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2'G 28 and SO O'Farrell Ft. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all i
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
OWING to school vacation we have too many
renting pianos on hand. Do you want a I
snap? Fine uprights, $125, $140, $150; best |
ever offered for the money. BENJ. CURTAZ |
& SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell st. Chlckering agts. i
CLARK WISE & CO., -i! Geary st., cor. Grant
aye., offer three ways to buy a piano; no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover Agts.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans.
Brlges and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
AN Emerson piano, good for practice, $50; an-
other, $76; also elegant piano, $175. J. DEW-
ING CO., room 12, Flood building.
NEW pianos rented, $2 50 per month. SCOTT -
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayea st.
BEST goods: lowest prices; easy payments; I
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st. |
BARGAINS— SIOO, $126. $150: agency famous
Hainea Bros. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
GREAT bargains; Decker, Schubert, Steinway.
Neuman, others. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
St.. next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ALL private law cases. Insolvency, collections,
free advice; open e,v. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
Stack, 14 McAllister st.. room 64.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market it
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A, First Floor.
Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! PROFITS LATER!
$100, $1.-0 to $250; level building lots near
Mission street electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHKK.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400, $450 to $S5O; officially graded; superb
view; $25 down, $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER
♦400, $450 TO $750; choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sewered; $25 down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & EROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Koom A, Crocker building.
4-ROOM cottage, nearly new. for sale cheap
on account of departure. H. NIERENDORF,
20 Joy st.. near Brewster, Bernal Heights.
45 FEET 10 inches on Mission st. by 127% on
Spear. Inquire at .'.46 Clay St.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
Etrictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN fc CO.. 230 Kearny Bt., upstairs.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mo-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 94S Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 120 Powell st.
$100,000 TO loan on Income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN. 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 608 California st.
$50 TO $S0.000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country ; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 62S Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest
rates: no com.: private. 11(5 McAllister st.
MONEY WANTED.
RESPONSIBLE business man wants $300; good
country security. Box 406, Call office.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
PA"W NB R O X BUS.
BE wise and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st.. bet. Market and Eddy.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— For the repair of bituminous
rock pawments— Ortice of the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors of the City and County
of San Francisco, June S. 1598.
In accordance with resolution. No. 1242 (fourth
series) of the Board of Supervisors, fciEALKI"
PROPOSALS will be received in open session
of the board on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
June 20, 1898, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, lor repair-
ing anil keeping In good order and condition,
to the entire satisfaction of the Superintendent
of Streets and Of the Board of Supervisors, , all
streets or portions of streets, including street
crossings and intersections, which are now or
may be hereafter pared with bltnmlnoaa rock,
for a term of two i-i years from July 1, lba\
to and including June 30, 1900.
The repairs are to be made in strict accord-
ance with specifications on lile and ope:i for
inspection in this office.
A list of streets and Btreet crossings, etc.,
nuw paved with bituminous rock, and which
will require to be kept in repair, as above
stated, Is also on file and open for inspection
in this office, and all streets or portions of
streets paved with bituminous rock and accept-
ed by the city and county, are Included and
must be put in good condition and kept in
thorough repair, whether they are recited in
said list or not. All streets and street cross-
ings enumerated in said list inuai be put in
good repair and condition within a period of
three months from award of contract, and
must be kept in good repair until the expira-
tion of the contract; in addition to all streets
or portions of streets paved with bituminous
rock aod accepted by the city and county dur-
ing the continuance of the contract, except
only such streets or portions of streets where
a bond has bfen given and is in force for keep-
Ing the same in repair; also, those portions of
streets required by law to be kept in repair by
the street railway companies having tracks
thereon.
NOTlCE— Bidders must state a specific sum
for which the entire work will be performed,
with the understanding that monthly payments
will be made therefor to the extent of one-
twenty-fourth of the sum bid, on a certificate
from the Superintendent of Streets, approved
by the Hoard of Supervisors, that the work is
being satisfactorily performed.
Bidders will also be required to file with
their bid a description of and the character of
the plant owned by them, with a chemical an-
alysis and a sample of the bituminous rock to
be used in carrying out and performing the
work under this contract.
And it Is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work tor
persons employed on the above work, and that
the minimum rate of wages to be paid shall
be two ($2) dollars per day; also, that the
amount of the bond to be given will not be
less than one-half the amount bid for the per-
formance of this work.
No bid will be received or Pntertalned from
any person, firm or corporation who does not
own a fully equipped plant sufficient for the
performance of this work.
The party to whom the contract Is awarded
will be required prior to or at the time of the
execution of said contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notice in three daily news-
papers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the award, the board has resolved to re-
ceive no bids unless made uport blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the sum of five thousand ($5000) dol-
lars In favor of and made payable to the Clerk
of the board, must be deposited by the bid-
der, conditioned, if the proposal is accepted and
the contract awarded, and if the bidder shall
fail or neg'.ect to execute a written agreement
and give the bond required within six (6) days
after the award 1b made, then, and in that
case, the said sum shall be paid into thp city
and county treasury by s.iul Clerk as liqui-
dated damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so require.
JNO. a. RUSSELL, Clerk.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS -Pursuant to an
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School of Pan Diego, California, no-
tice 1b hereby given that scaled proposals
will be received by said board until 10 o'clock
a. m. of *une 24, 189S, for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor necessary
for the erection and completion of th» cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building.
Separate proposals will be received and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of said
building, to wit: 1. For the masonry work,
including all brick, concrete and cement
work and all necessary excavations and fill-
ing; 2, for the iron work; 3. for the carpenter,
plastering, electric and glazing work: 4. for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work; 5, for the
tinning and galvanized iron work; 6, for
painting and varnishing.
No proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied with a bond of such proposer,
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con-
,--*inned that If his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter into a proper con-
tract.
Each proposal must b<? made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and, together
with the above-mentioned bond, inclosed in
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of Pun Diego, with an
Indorsement thereon showing what portion
of the building is covered by thp Inclosed pro-
posal, and delivered to the Merchants' Na-
tional Bank of Ban Diego. California, before
10 o'clock a. m. of June 24, ISPB.
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
contracts based thereon will be made on
June 24, 185.1. .it 10 o'clock a. m.. at room 35.
Fisher Operu-house block, In San Diego, Cali-
fornia,
The contractors to whom contracts are
awarded will be required to file with said
board a good and sufficient bond to the
amount of 25 per cent of the contract price
for the faithful and proper performance of
his contract.
The plans and specifications of said build-
in? can be seen during business hours at th"
office of Hebbnr,-> & Gill, architects. Grant
building, San Diego, California.
The Board of Trustees reserves the right
to reject any or all proposals made.
State Normal School of San Diego, Call-
By W. R. OUT, President Board Trustees.
Attest: ROBERT C JONES. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for drayage— Genera, depot of the
Quartermaster's Department. San Francisco,
Cal., May 11. -898. Sealed proposals for the
hauling of Millta.y Stores -nd Supplies in
and about the City of Pan Francisco. Cal..
for the fiscal year commencing July 1, IS9S,
will be received at this office until 11 o'clock
a m on Saturday, the 11th day of June,
18nS, and then ouneil. The Gov»rnm<>nt re-
serves the right *to reject or all pro-
posals. All necessary information will be fur-
nished on application to his office. OSCAR
F. LONG. Assistant Quartermaster. U. S.
A., lr. charge depot.
THE Mint of the United States at Carson,
New. Superintendent's Office, May 24. IMS—
Sealed proposals will be received until 12
o'clock noon, June 28, 1898. for furnishing
supplies during the year ending June 30.
1899. Schedules and blank forms, with In-
formation as to conditions, quantities, etc.,
will ba furnished on application.
J. W. ADAiIS, Superintendent
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
A— HIGHLY improved vineyard ■ property near
Calistoga; 100 acres for $11,700: would con-
sider exchange for one-half, balance "cash.
McAFEE BROTHERS. 108 Montgomery st.
A— FINELY improved ranch, 600 acres, near i
Concord ; 25 acres bearing orchard, 10 acres
vines, 200. acres grain; only $16,000; will ex-
change for one-half value, ■ city '- property.
McAFEE BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery st.
A— l6o ACRES near Cottonwood, ' Tehama Coun-
ty; IS acres in vineyard, 8 acres in orchard,
balance hay and pasture ■ land ;- well im-
proved; price, $6500. McAFEE BROTHERS.
MOUNTAIN retreat— improved fruit and
stock ranch near Grass Valley, in mining dis-
trict; 220 acres; only $5000. McaU'EE BROS.
A VINEYARD and Suburban Home.
With a good Income; 50 acres, nearly all in
full-bearing vines: % mile from Warm
Springs, Alameda County; Improvements first-
class; price only $11,000. McAFEE BROS.
A— PAYS $8000 net per year; a splendid invest-
ment; finely improved ranch property in Ala- |
meda County; price, $150,000; would consider j
exchange for city business property. McAFEE j
BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery St., S. F.
10- ACRE tracts of fine vineyard land; only $5
per acre; near Auburn, Placer County: $5 j
down, $5 monthly; a big snap. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 11 Montgomery st. .'
FOR RENT — 400 acres mountain grazing In
Mendocino; abundance of water; timber
mostly tan oak. Box 422. Call office.
MODERN cottage in Berkeley for exchange
for country property; near Auburn preferred. \
Address box 7555, Call office.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWATfr
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LOTS $75; $5 cash, $5 monthly; build your
home or we will build for you; payment as
rent; $20 cash, $5 monthly: about % acre; ro-
mantic *fepot for a cozy home; trees, shrub-
bery, etc.; soil and climate the best; Gallndo
Tract, East Oakland; streets all graded and
macadamized; city water and sewer; 2 elec-
tric car lines and fine schoolhouse: nice
homes surrounding and building up rapidly;
price $500; a liberal discount for cash. Call or
send- for circular, 455 Seventh St.. corner
Broadway, Oakland. H. Z. JONES Owner.
30-PAGED Illustrated catalogue free at E. E.
BUNCE'S, 90S Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND HOTELS.
HOTEL WILSON, newly furnished and reno-
vated; under new management; entire satis-
faction guaranteed; American and European
plan; the table is a special feature: meals 152
up; special rates week or mo. W. H. Buehler
& Co., Props.. 1165 Washington. Tel. Main 163.
Oakland furnished rooms.
SUNNY 8-room house; central; nice grounds, I
near trains: rent $50. Box D, Call, Oakland. '
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ARLINGTONHoteT wShlngtonand Ninth
Ms.; unquestionable family place; excellent
table; low summer rates.
FINE sunny suite; also sunny single room; va-
cant June 1. THE LORNE. GC2 Eighth st.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
FASHIONABLE ladles' tailor and dressmaker.
Boston Woolen Mills, £20 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE 8" 1 household goods this week. ,
SCHELLHAAS' old. store. 408 Eleventh St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. !
1
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
--T . ■. ■ .I-.- - I.- - . I. J-J *
$1100— COTTAGE, 6 rooms; lot 35x125; close to
station and High School; street work, '
sewer, cement walks, etc., complete.
— Modern cottage and lot in good location;
any terms; snap. ...
$2200— T0 close an estate: fine modern cottage. ;
5 rooms; lot 50x140; best location; $1500 can j
remain.
— Modern colonial cottage, 6 rooms; corner j
lot; good location; very easy terms.
Fine list of furnished and unfurnished houses
to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park St.,
y .. ' .: Alameda.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
■A;o: : JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
: $1200, $1700, $1800. $2200, $2600, $3000.
-The above are lovely cottages, which have
; been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at a '
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain i
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to date;
almost new, .and located near schools and sta- I
tions. . -.>■.•■
We are going to weed them out, and invite '
inspection. I MARCUSE *• REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 623 Market St., !
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
FOR Sale— Extra cheap; lot 120x126 and 5-room
modern cottage; high basement, floored; ce-
ment walks: chicks- house, garden, etc.: near
station: cost $5000: reduced to $3000 for Imme-
diate sale: terms $700 cash. $2300 bank mort-
■ gage. Apply to OSCAR S. MEYSEL, 1504 Park
St.. Alameda. /
~ i
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
'-ROOM house. 1 block from station; lot
60x137: constantly rented. $22; great bargain.
FREESE & CODINGTON, 2119 Stanford
place, opposite Berkeley Station.
$23C0— 250 FEET frontage, with house " of 7;
room*; only 5 blocks from university grounds; i
a thorough bargain. JOSEPH J. MASON.
Berkeley Station. .'
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOAKD.
NICELY furnished sunny suite with good
board; ■ plain cooking; . $50 a month for two.
MRS. N. C.. Berkeley. '
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR — Ayrshire cow; fresh, heavy milker.
GEO. BEMENT, Seminary aye., ,E. Oakland.
NO, 3 Blake's improved steam pump, with
hand power attachment: - suction pipe 1H
Inch; discharge IV* Inches: complete: ready
for use. Address R., box 3, Call office, Oak-
land. ■ •
FOR sale — Columbia road racer, good order,
$30 or offer; , also Italian mandolin, $18 50;
cost $40; after 6 p. m. 1612 Pacific aye.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth. ..
CENTER-BOARD yacht , for sale; nearly
new: masts, sails, oars; everything complete
as she stands. Address box 475, Call office.
GAS fixtures very low: large ' assortment: 1
. and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
DONKEY for sale; also saddle. Apply at 101
Spruce st. Sin
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S. 514-516-518 Mission st.
$67 50— PIANO, good condition; $5 down. $3 per
month. ■; 225 Sutler st. . '
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl.
poods: new 2d-hnnd. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: tel. So. .787.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records. $S per do*.;
: .Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupi, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. ' 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
.. machine supplies. H5 Sixth; phone Mint 45. j
ALL" kinds bought, ' sold, exchanged, : rented:
\ repairing, lowest rates. ■ 205 Fourth st. - :
■;.■ . ; . , STORAGE.
FURNITURE, .trunks." etc. Golden West Stor- I
ape warehouse. $40 Mission St.: tel. Mint .lB2l. '
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.:
office. Tenth and Market: telephone South 168.
LKGAL NOTICES. '
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to th«
statute in ; such case , made and provided, no-
tice Is hereby given thi-t the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-
way Company, - the Northern California Rail-
way • Company . and the California PaciQo
Railroad Company, < railroad corporations In-
■ corporated and existing- under the. laws of ;
the State of California, upon the written con- j
cent of : the ■; stockholders holding more - than
three- fourths In value of all the stock of each i
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree- \
, ment of. the respective Boards of Directors of j
eaid corporations, > made , and entered Into .In
accordance with such consent, and pursuant
'■ to the statute in such case made and pro- j
vided, did. on . the 14th day of April, A. D. :
•■,' IB9S, amalgamate o~d consolidate their capital
■ stock.' debts, property. . assets and franchise!
under the corporate name and : style of . th* !
Southern Pacific Railroad Company. ••
.:.- J.L. WILLCUTT,
■ Secretary of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company. V . _
; Ban Francisco, Cal. , May 6, 189* . i
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR Exchange — unimproved and Income
property, also San Rafael and '• Ross Valley
property, for good farm; Bay ; counties pre-
ferred. JAS. TUNSTEAD, San Rafael. -
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County ..
land. Improved; 4-room house, bam, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full line farming Imple-
, ments; 6 acres vines: balance corn and
beans: good road; near station: will ex-
change for city property; or $SOO cash, balance
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN. 153 Third.
TO exchange— Houses and lots for ranches. J.
H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrappers, for mailing. ■ • -■■•
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licences have been Issued as follows:
Frank V. Cushman and Dorothy Rudolph.. 34-25
Charles W. Steams and Olive J. Stewart.. sB-52
Oscar H. Meyer and Minnie McGeary... 25-19
Joseph Cullen and Catherine O'Connor 33-29
William M. Hunt and Ella E. Hunt 58-45
Delevean B.Bowl<>y and Mary L. G0u1d. .25-24
Fritz Hunt and Mary McGulre 57-43
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
' Vw, v '**-'.*' —^-^—^ ' ■
: Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. ' They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
/>•"•-: BORN. •
KETX— In San Jose. May 29, 1898. to the wife
of T. P. Kell, a son. .
MESSERSMITH— June 6. 1898, to the wife of
Clarence W. Messersmith. a daughter.
PARR— In Alameda, May 29, 189S, to the wife
of Richard E. Parr,, a daughter.
SEARS— In Alameda. June 5, 1898, to the wife
of T. H. Sears, a daughter.
THOMPSON— In Napa, June 6. 1898, to the
wife of William Thompson, a duighter.
VOLLHEIM— In San Jose, May 29, 1898. to the
wife of Charles Vollheim. a daughter.
WILLIAMS— In Tiburon, June 6. 1898. to the
wife of Frank J. Williams, a daughter. ■
MARRIED.
HARRIS— ROSENBERG— this city, June 5.
IS9B, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Michael Har-
ris and Sophie Rosenberg. .
HICHBORN— BILLINGS— Santa Clara. June
5. IS9B, by the Rev. J. G. Gasman, Stanley
' Hlchborn and Martha Billings.
JACOBS-LOWENTHAL— this city. June 5,
1398, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto. Ephraim
Jacobs and Clara Lowenthal.
LEVY— In this city. June 7, 1898, by
the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Leon Levy and Eu-
genic Kline.
WRIGHT— KOHLER— Inthis city. June 7, 1898,
by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, James Robblns
Wright and Katherine Louise Kohler, both
of San Francisco. ■
~died7~
Bareilles, Bernard Matson, Lorenzo
Berg, Peter A. Montrose, Frank N.
BisselfT Mrs. C. Nachtigall, F.
Boyden. Arthur M. O'Keefe, Thomas J.
Chichizola (infant) Olsen, Thomas W.
Deardorff. Mary E. Riedel, Hermann
Elliott, James T. Selover, Mrs. George
Groellng, Theodore Stauff, Emma
Horgan, John J. Treat, Etta
Kerlln, Mrs. Leah ' Veazer, George
Lerch, Mary C. Vlbert, Maximo
McDonell. John A.
BAREILLES— this city, June 7, 1898, Ber-
nard Barellles. cousin of Emlle, Felecien and
Thomas BareiUes, a native of France, aged
28 years. . .
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
'Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
i J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to the French Church or Noire Dame de«
Vlctoires, Bush street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.%
BERG— Oakland, June 8. 1898, Peter A., be-
loved husband of Randl Berg, a native of
. Norway, aged 68 years.
JETRemalns at the parlors of the Califor-
nia Undertaking Company.
BISSELL— In San Jose. June 4, 1898, Mrs.
Clarissa Bissell, mother of A. C. Bassett.
aged 90 years and 7 months.
BOYDEN— In Oakland. June 8, 1898, Arthur
M., beloved son of Andrew M. and May L.
Boyden, a native of Massachusetts, aged 23
years and 2 months.
CHICHIZOLA— In this city. June 8. IS9S. In-
fant son of Thomas J. and Louise Ellen Chi-
chizcla, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
! month and 1 day.
(CTThe funeral -will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1100 Green street. Funeral
private. Please omit flowers. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ■"> -V-.v."
DEARDORFF— In this city, June 7, 1898, Mary
j:.. beloved wife of the late John R. Dear-
dorff, and sister of Mrs. Clara Carman, a na-
tive of Defiance, Ohio, aged 70 years 2 months
and 21 days.
K7Frlends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully Invited . to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, northwest corner Twenty-second and
Point Lobos avenues. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
ELLIOTT— In this city, June 8, IR9B, James T..
beloved son of the late John and Roseanna
Elliott, and brother of John. William, Frank.
'■ Eunice and Lizzie Elliott, Mrs. L. Miskel and
the late Rose Elliott and Mrs. R. Kerr, a
native of San Francisco, aged 34 years and 8
months. "■•: „
GROELING— this city, June' 6. 1898, Theo-
dore Groellng, a native of Trampke, Pom-
erania, Germany, aged 54 years.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
HORGAN— In this city, June 7,. 1898, John J.,
• beloved son of the late Daniel and Elizabeth
Horgan, brother- of Daniel Horgan, and
nephew of the late Michael J. Horgan, a na-
tive of Boston, Mass., aged 23 years 6 months
and 9 days. .
ttTThe funernl will take place this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church i for
services at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KERLIN— Oakland, June 5, 1898, Mrs. Leah
E. Kerlin, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
57 years and 6 months. : .;. ...
LERCH— In th? City and County Hospital,
June 7, 1898, Mary Catherine Lerch, a native
of Germany, aged 62 years. ■
McDONELL— In this city, June 8. 1898, John
A. McDonell, a native, of Nova Scotia, aged
40 years.
(CTRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street.
MATSON— San Lorenzo, June 8, 1898, Lor-
enzo, beloved husband of the late Mary Mat-
son, and brother of John Matson, a native of
Denmark, aged 67 years 5 months and 22
days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invite'! to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
his brother. John Matson. San Lorenzo,
thence to the Catholic Church at San Le-
andro. where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. • Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
MONTROSE— Drowned In Mono Lake, May 29,
1898 Frank Nathan, husband of Fannie Mont-
rose and father of Mrs. H. W. Clarke of San
Francisco. Mrs. Henry Geer of Michigan,
and Lionel. Earl, Leslie, Vivian and Ralph
Montrose, a native of Ontario, Canada, aged
44 years. .. .
NACHTIOALL— In this city. June 8, 1898.
Friedertch, beloved husband of Amelte Nach-
tigall. and - father of Mamie Nachtlgall, a
native of Germany, aged 67 years 1 month and
16 days. A member of Harmony Lodge No.
13 I O O. F., and Walhalla Encampment
No. 7. I. O. O. F. f
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall corner Seventh and Market street. ! Re-
mains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr * Co..
1209 Mission street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
O'KEEFE— In Llvermore. June 6. IS9B. Thomas
J. O'Keefe, - beloved father of - Charlotte J.
O'Keefe. a native of Boston. Mass., aged 51
years and 3 months. ■ <r -. ■■•; .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Twelfth and Washington streets.
Oakland, under the. auspices of Oakland
Lodge No. 18S, F. and A. M. Interment pri-
' vat** * ■-"-.
OLSEN— In this city, June 7. 1898. Thomas
William beloved son of Thomas and Carrie
Olsen and brother of Jennie and LJzzl»
O'sen. a native of San Francisco, aged 2
montli" and 6 days.
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), nt 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 408 Eleventh street, between
: -Harrison and Bryant. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. __, _
I RIEDEL— In this city. June 8, 1898. Hermann,
beloved husband of Dora ..iedel. father of
Annie and Lizzie RledM. and brother of B.
Ooetz and Conrad and Georsre Riedel and
Mrs J Qulnn. a native of Fauerbachvorder
Hoehe Hessen-Darmstadt. Germany, aged 45
years 10 months and 6 days. ■-. .-■■-
"" (TJrNotlce of funeral hereafter.
SELOVER— In San Jose, June 4. 1898, Mrs.
George E. Selover, a native of Michigan,
, aged 39 years. - •
STAUF— In Santa Cruz. June -6. 1898, Emma
Ptauff. .
TREAT— this city, Tune 8. 1898. Etta, be-
loved wife of Edward Treat, daughter of
Mrs R. Triebar, and sister of Mrs. •R. . See-
lle. Mrs. T. H. Morton and Jake, Conrad,
Albert and Rebecca Triebar, a native of San
I Francisco. '■•-" : ":,
VEAZER— In the City and County Hospital,
! ■June 8, ! 1898. George Veazer, a native of Ja-
pan, aged 26 years. • . _
VIBERT— Paraiso. June 7. 1898. Maxtrne.
beloved husband of Marie Vlbert, a native of
France, aged 71 year*. ' . •■ ■-.'■;■■
{CTNntice of funeral hereafter. . ...
I —
*.; I McAVOY & GALLAGHER, . g
I FUNEKAL DIRECTORS It EMBALMEB3 I
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, '; I
FUNERAL DIRECTOES & EMBALMBM I
it iUTH ST.. opp. Linoola 3oflaii.
:|. .. Telephone, South 60. '•'-' I
1112
LEES OUT,
KEENEY IN
The Commissioners Have at Last
Determined to Retire the
Senile Chief of Police.
HE HAS OUTLIVED HIS USEFULNESS.
July 5 the ex-Health Officer Will Leave His Patients
for the Pursuit of Criminals— Dr. Shumate to
Be Examining Police Surgeon.
Chief of Police I. W. Lees will
step down and out on or before
July 5, and Dr. James \Y.
Keener will succeed to the con
trol of the department.
This change was definitely and Irre
vocably settled at the meeting of the
Board of Police Commissioners one
week ago, when Messrs. Alvord and
Tobin reached an agreement that the
present Penile Chief should not lncum
ber the force another, minute after that
date.
The citizens of Pan Francisco will
probably arrange for an extraordinary
demonstration on the Fourth in joint
celebration of the nation's Wrthday
and the city's emancipation from Lees. I
The fight made by Lees against the i
inevitable has been long and desperate,
but decency has finally won. The man
of much gold lace and no ability was
slated to go last May, but he pleaded
with the Commissioners so hard and
earnestly to be allowed to remain until
he could reap the full benefits of the
pension law 'hat they allowed him to
remain.
But matters have reached such a
state that the board hap set July 5 for
Lees' abdl^ati'm. voluntarily if he
chooses, but forcibly if necefcsary. He
may be removed before then, for the
Commissioners are so thoroughly arous
ed over the disreputable condition into
which the Police Department has fal
len under Lees' imbecile regime that
last night there was a strong disposi
tion to terminate his official career at
once.
The matter was thoroughly discussed
and finally it was partially determined
to give him until the date of the annual
meeting, when superannuated members
of the force are retired, to resign; if he
falls to do so, he will be expelled.
One thing that has held Lees up so
long has been the inability of the Com
missioners to agree upon his successor.
At one jime Captain Wittman was seri
ously considered for the place, but
when his qualifications were thorough
ly canvassed, he was found to be so
totally unfitted for the position that he
was dropped and eventually Dr. Keeney
was decided upon.
One w<*ek ago the Commissioners met
and after the disposal of routine busi
ness the subject of Lees' dismissal was
taken up. The meeting might be termed
a secret session of an executive ses
sion, for while the board transacts all
Its business behind closed doors, after
the transaction of the regular affairs,
the secretary of the board was dis
missed and the meeting resolved itself
Into a secret conference between Com
missioners Alvord and Tobln, with
Chief Lees In attendance by virtue of
his ex-offlcio membership; Commis
sioner Gunst is absent from the city.
The meeting lasted nearly two
hours and the rhief stayed to the bit
ter end. Not to defend himself, for he
Is still capable of realizing that many
of his recent acts are indefensible, but
only to ward off the blow as long as
possible. Again he pleaded, as he had
pleaded one year ago, and the result of
his pleading was that he was plainly
told to be prepared for oblivion after
July 5. He was not even given posi
tive assurance that he would be al
lowed to retain his position till then.
It would have been pitiful, this last
humiliation of the old man, were It not
for the fact that with the decay of his
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Disfigured
ForJLife
Almost Entire Face a Solid Sore
Tried Everything for Weeks
But Kept Spreading Until
Thought There Was No Cure.
Tried Cuticura. In Few Days
Better. In Short Time Cured.
Our little girl's humor commenced with a
tiny tor* on one nostril , but it kept on spread-
ing till we thought she would never get it
cured. For several weeks we tried every-
thing wo could got for the blood, both exter-
nally and internally, but It kept petting larger
all the time, till both nostrils, the upper lip, a
part of the lower lip,andup one side to the eye,
were a solid sore. We thought there was no
cure, and that she would be disfigured for life.
Finally (as a last resort) we tried Cuticuea
Remedies. We used a part of a bottle of the
COTICCIU Resolvent and nearly a box of
CuTicon-V (ointment), and followed the direc-
tions minutely. After a few days it began to
look better, and in a short time she was en-
tirely well, with no scar or tracoof the humor.
I send you this testimonial, aud you may usa
any part of it that you wish.
Mrs. WM. CHICHESTER,
Feb. r>, 1898. - Plainville, Conn.
(pcura
lluiemu h*TB effected the moat wonderful rureaof,
torturior.dl.tliTurins. hurallialinitsklnand scalp homora
of Infant* and children, v welt sa of adults of eTery ace.
No .tatcmf nt if made r*K»rdiri|s them that ia not Jn.tlfled ,
by the atronge»t evidence. They «re the mo.t »pfed.T.
economical, and Infallible akin cur«. Wood purifier*, and
humor remedies of modern time*.
SrilDvCrß«T«»ATvif«T •»■ Tobtckixo. Dm
Cbi.hu HmoMWiTM !.<>»« or Hup..— W arm l.ath. with
i:vtioc*a SOAr. (rente anointing wi:h <"r T »"YV I™":
ment). ourent of emollient Bkln cute*. »nd jnlid dore» of
Ci ti< •, Rbsoltikt. Rreaten ot blood purifiers and
humor cures. ; j -; . • • > j
Sold throiiKhOutthe world. Pottib DWWICni
Cuw-, Vrop*., SMton. How to Cuie JJ»by Humors, free.
! mental faculties came the 1. ss of all
' sense of shame. He simply became the
supplicant for a crumb from the hands
that were uplifted against hin#
To this depth has I. W. Lees sunk.
Those who knew him betwe-en a quar
ter and a half century ago remember
him as a man of unusual ability in his
profession, and a thief taker of farmore
than average shrewdness.
But the ability h» then possessed de
parted long ago, and In its stead came
Inordinate vanity, increased careless
ness as to what the world thought of
DR. JAMES W. KEENEY, Who Will Succeed Chief Lees.
him and more frequent and open acts
that rendered him vulnerable.
For years Lees has bolstered himself
up on his past reputation; nowhere
could there be found a better illustra
tion of the street phrase, 'he's a has
been" than In Lees.
Dr. Keeney. -who will succeed Lees as
chief, Is one of the best known sur
geons of this city. He Is a stepson of
Commissioner Alvord. and is at present j
examining and consulting surgeon of i
the Police Department, with the rank
of sergeant, which fully qualifies him
for the position. Dr. Keeney is a grad- '<
uate of the Philadelphia Medical Col
lege and of Heidelberg. He spent sev
eral years In Bellevue Hospital, New
York, and -'forward was appointed ai
surgpon in the United States army.
His father was a chief surgeon In the
army, and at the time of his death was
medical purveyor of the Department of
the Pacific. Dr. Keeney has only re
cently returned from an extensive tour
of Inspection of Eastern Police Depart
ments and Prisons^
Dr. Thomas E. Shumate has been se
lected to succeed Dr. Keeney as In
spector of police, with the rank of ser
geant. Dr. Shumate Is one of the
younger physicians of this city, a grad
uate of Cooper Medical College and the
College of Pharmacy.
Probably no man of his years stands
higher in his profession than Dr. Shu
mate. By his unaided efforts he has
won the recognition and friendship of
the most prominent medical men in the
State.
HAD MANY LOVES
AND MANY DEBTS
GENERAL FUENTES LEAVES FOR
GUATEMALA.
During His Stay in This City He Es
tablished a Reputation as a
"Spender."
General Daniel Fuentes, who has been
residing in this city since the failure of
the rebellion which he, in company with
Prosper Morales, led apainst the late
President Barrloi of Guatemala, sailed
for the South America;! republic yester
day, leaving behind him a lung list of
creditors and several mourning (an
Upon his arrival in thin city some
twelve months ago the general secured
sumpt;io'.:s quarters at the Occidental
Hotel and proceeded to establish a repu
tation as a "spender." When all of his
available cash had been spent for wine
and carriages and all of the attendant al
lurements of th* tenderloin he cast about
him for some means whereby he might
replenish his exchequer. He dispatched
his secretary, one Yalladares, to Mexico,
where he claimed that $SOC'O was awaiting
his ordor. but neither the secretary nor
the money has since been seen.
Failing In this, the general had recourse
to his friends, and when they failed him
he established a credit and continued in
the enjoyment of an uninterrupted round
of pleasures and dissipations. When the
Italian Opera Company visited this city
he formed the acquaintance of one of the
prima donnas. Cleopatra de Viccint, and
upon her he lavished the wealth of his
southern affections and as much stray
cash as he could collect during the inter
THE SAN FT? A; CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUKE 9, 1898.
vals of his love making. When she de
parted he cast his eyes upon the presid
ing genius of the perfumery stand in a
large department store. «■ young lady
whose mother is the proprietor of a lodg
ing house at the corner of Bush and
Stockton streets. With him to admire
was to love, and he immediately placed
his credit at the White House and other
fashionable down town stores at the dis
posal of the object of his affections.
But the end o;ime at last and the gen
eral found himself indebted to various
people In the total sum of about $2000. His
assets consisted of a heap of scented love
letters and an unpaid board bill of $800.
From the Salvadorian Consul, Dr. Cal
deron, and a few other friends he bor
rowed enough money to pay for a ticket
to Guatemala. To his creditors he gave
promissory notes and hl& tnanks for many
courtesies received at their hands. His
latest lady love was at the steamer yes
terday to wish him a prosperous voyage.
He declares his Intention to become a
candidate for the Presidency of Guate
mala, but those who claim to be in touch
with the affairs of the rebellious repub
lic say that he stands a better chance of
meeting the executioner than he does of
becoming President.
MARTIN KELLY
WAS NOT BELIEVED
SOME CAUSTIC COMMENT BY
JUSTICE COOK.
He Rules That the Politician Must
Pay Mrs. Mahoney the Amount
She Claims Is Due Her.
There Is evident satisfaction showing In
every line of Justice of the Peace Conk's
opinion In the case of Mrs. Mahoney
against Martin Kelly. He reduces to
lrgal verbiage the fact that he did not
beli.»v«* any of Kelly's testimony in the
case, and there is no mistaking the pleas
ure he takes In making that fact of rec
ord.
The suit was brought by Mrs. Mahoney
to recover from Martin Kelly $130 which
she claimed she loaned him. His defense
was that he never borrowed any money
from her, and this statement reiterated
under oath was what the court did not
believe.
After commenting- very favorably on
the attitude and testimony of the plain-
tiff Justice Cook has this to. say about the
defendant:
The defendant on the other hand, with a
pronounced Jupiter Tonans' voice and manner,
and at the tame time hip position as a pow
erful political leader being affirmed, mopt un
equivocally denied the plaintiffs testimony.
I>'.*nlf-d that he had ever seen the money tes
tltWl to by plaintiff and her witnesses to have
been loaned to him. Denied that he ever ad
mittej that he had, as testified to by the wit
ness Cook, or that his conduct and talk as to
the claim In suit, had eve; t>een Inconsistent
with his pro.=oM denial thereof. Tet the man
ner and matter of ' defendant's testimony. In
spite of bta eminence as a leading politician, I
fln.l lias carried no conviction with It of Its
truth to my mind.
I am satisfied that the tnith 1b with the
plaintiff, and I find for her In the sum sued
!'■>!-. $1 ■'■'•, find costs.
The case will be appealed.
SLIPPING OF GE.EAT DOGS.
Drawing for the Meeting to Be Held
at Union Coursing Park.
Among the high class dogs that will cut
a dash In Union Park on Saturday and
Sunday next are Moondyne, Firm Friend,
Metallic. Royal Buck, Laurelwood, Flying
Ruck, Mialmo, Johnnie R. Move On, Tod
Sloan. Magnet. Hercules and Skyball.
With the exception of Rusty Gold, For
Freedom," and one or two other crack
coursers the Union Park managers have
captured the cream of the fivers of this
city and State for Saturday's and Sun
day's coursing, and the men who •will be
bo fortunate as to pick the winner and
runner-up of the staKe must be prognos
ticate™ from the old school, as the finals
give promise of being too torrid for. de
scription. The drawing of last evening
resulted, as follows:
• All-ace'- sixty-four dos stake: total money
$735. Entries: J. Seggerson's- White Chief vs.
F. Sullivan's Hides; A. J-jhtif.on'n Lls.«ak vr.
8. Hanson's L. 8. I'onmliv; V Murphy's Lc.dy
Grace vs. R. W. Mastic's Border Valentine;
J i. Esmond's Forget vs. Pawlm kennel* f.ilt
Edge; Georpe Whitney's Theron vs. J. J. War
ren's Sweet Lips; C, F. Ingersol's Tlenwr.od
vs. J. F. Wehniypr's Sunbeam: Curtis <*■ S,is
Lady Campbell vs. E. V. Sullivan's Royal Duck;
Calpmlty kennel's Beatrice vs. Curtis Ac Hon's
Commodore; Pasha kennels Firm Friend vs.
T. Hayes' Chlqulta; S. E. Portal's Laartlwood
vb. T. J. Mclnerney's Buno)it«; J. Kerrlcnn's
Lady Blanche vs. ,1. F. Rogers' Little Do'he;
M. Reenn'B KHlboy vs. F. C. Mi. ■< < Black
Pattle: K. V. Sullivan's Flyinr Buck vs. R. V.
Sullivan's Jester: Curtis A Son's BlacltiMte vs.
.Ttrres Deane's Mlnlmo: .1. |Vrn,:o a Chili Pep
per vs. O. Hußhes' Blue Jay; T. J. Mclner
nry> Johnnie R vs. E. V. Sullivan's Jesse
j Moore; J. J. Kdmond's Move On vs. E. . V. Sul
livan's Hlaokßtone; 1". Jones' i»o Me vs. Jnmes
Deane's M'lnndvne: M. Nea'.on • Van' Knnpp
vs. T. Mcßldawney's The <ji-. s ..>n; C. Btrehr*
Star Pointer vs H. C. -Scott's Dr. Xorman; C.
Qulnlan's I>awren«- Belle v*. \. Jplhikoii'i! Tod
Sloan; C. L. Wlllets* Jersey Lily vs. R. B. Kay's
Le^mia; E. Ryan's Montana vs. (Turtl.' &
Sin's Miller's Maid; P»ihi lii-ii.itl'c
IV:' n 1 .i.-li.i \b T. J. Crini'i j Mi^rrt;
Mission Kennel'i" Bcarfpln vs. J. ,H. Smith's
li.>r,.li^<i; B. V. Sullivan's Winged Foot vs.' E.
V Sullivan's Mlra Monte: . Larkey & Rock's
Hercules vs. Derby Kennel's Little Dorrltt; T.
Barre's Walt-a-Llttle vs. Pasha Kennel's Me
tallic; Pierce & Sullivan's Jessie Maid . vs.
Pembrook Kernel's Sylvanus; E. V. Sullivan's
O'Gruiiy vs. H. C. Scott's Mystery: .1 Lett
non's Little Doubt vs. Al Austin's Glenstone;
K. V. Sullivan's Skyball vs. J. MoNI»-l Sports
man. . - ::-.-• ••.;•-.■
Sapllnp Ftnk«,totnl amount $ICO— Entrtp«: TV
J. Janes' Priiioa CharrrilriK.vs. Crania & Mc-
Donald's Maid of rtnll: Cronln & MoDnnald's
Celt vs. Calamity Kennel's Banner .Bearer; J.
Kerrigan's I^nlla Rookh vs.-I'asha Kennel's
Regular Army: .i. H.- Lambert's Campania vs
Cronln &' McDonald's Kathleen: W. J. .Tones'
Little Ladjr vs. E.-V*. Sullivan's sky Hi h; j
Kerrigan's St. Gertrude vs. Deck»lrnan A Pa
nerlo's Prino*- George; W. 3, Jones' Pocomoke
vs. : Lynch A- Maher's Lottie M.
Badly Damaged by Storms.
SEATTLE, June S.— The schooner
Fischer Brothers arrived in port to-night
badly ihmnKcii. She was in the hurricane
at Dutch Harbor. May 22, where she had
the top of her deckhouse blown off and
a mast wrenched loose. Six hundred miles
off Cape Flattery she struck another
storm and had her bowsprit blown off.
■» m ■
If the lead in your pencil is poor, try the
famous "K.oh-1-Noor- " •
IT IS A
TEMPEST
IN A TEAPOT
Ladies of the Exchange
Are Indignant.
THE SECRET IS NOW OUT
INTERESTING GOSSIP AND A
NEW MATRON.
Exclusive Recipes of Dainties and
Baking Powder Ad. Cook-
Book Causes All the
Mischief.
The patronesses of the Woman's Ex
change have broken the record.
For nearly two months they kept a
secret and a little fight all to themselves,
: and they naturally felt so proud of their
i achievement and so sure of themselves
I that they relaxed their vigilance— the
i story is out.
•There Is a new superintendent at the
I exchange. Gossip has it that Mrs. M.
Merry was peremptorily discharged, but
! the board of directors declare the lady,
forced by 111 health, sent in her resigna
j tion, which was accepted.
This resignation, however, all admit,
i came jupt when the members of the ex
change were writhing under the publicity
given to pet recipes of theirs and which
were printed and strewn broadcast In a
baking powder cook book.
At the request of Mrs. Merry the ladles
had furnished her with some of their
favorite recipes, generously imagining the
patrons of the exchange were to enjoy
them, but the superintendent, laboring un
der business inspiration, exchanged them
for enough baking powder to raise the
foundation of the Post street Institution.
The cook book reveals many secrets,
and shows society loaders in entirely new
lights. It depicts Mrs. C. W. Crocker as j
a stanch adherent of the plebeian ginger
snap; tells of Mrs. Breyfogle's fondness
for "Maud S cake," and Mrs. Louis Ger
stle's excellence In producing "tomato :
eggs." Among the many recipes for ;
dainties, the cook book has furnished to ■
the world are the notable following:
Tomato Simp (by Mr*. E. S. Brcy
fog;lc)—One quart sliced tomatoes,
two quarts cold water, a little rice, j
let it come to' a boll nnd strain. Add !
a pinch of soda, two cups of milk,
two tablespoons of bntter, one ta
blespoon of fionr. salt and pepper to
: taste, boll ten mlnntes nnd nerve.
Scotch Woodcock (Mrs. flixler) — A
round of toast well buttered and i
spread with anchovy paste* Put '
piece of butter size of esr^r In pan ;
and let It boil, beat three rggn and
pour into hot bntter. Stir well with !
a fork, spread over the anchovy and
serve an hot as possible.
Chicken Terrapin (by Mrs. J. D. I
de Grenyer) — ' a cold boiled j
chicken Into simill square pieces, j
removing- all the skin. Put Into a i
milk boiler with half a pint of
cream, quarter of a pound of but
ter, rolled Into a tablespoon of Hour.
Season with .salt and red pepper to
taste. Have' ready three hard-boiled j
r*fK« chopped line. When the
chicken has come to a boll stir in a
large g\nH* of sherry and the chop- ■
ped up ears*. Add. if desired, truffle's
sliced line. Serve hot. '
Lobster un Gratln (by Mrs. Adolph
Mj-er) — Take the meat out of shell,
wash and cut in slices, put in n |
aancepnn a little {rood batter, when
melted stir in flour nnd then add
enough stock to make a thick sauce,
NeaNon with Milt and pepper and
sherry, also a little paprika, then
mix in the lobster and stir in the
yolks of three egrs*. remove from
the lire, put in a deep dish, cover the
top with bread crumbs and a little
butter. Bake to brown color in a
hot oven.
Nut Souffle (by Mrs. J. D. de
Greayer) Take fonr cr{ts, six table
spoons of any kind of chopped nuts.
Four tablespoons powdered ' sua;ar,
half a teaspoon of allspice. Bent the
eprers to a very lijyht froth. Add the
other Ingredients. Rake In a quick
oven and serve with sherry sauce.
Glngrer Snap* (by Mrs. C. W. Crock
er, San . Francisco, — Two cups
molasses, one enp butter, one spoon
ginger, three tensnonn* soda, boil
and stand till cold. Add flour enough
to roll out| hake thin.
Maud S. Cake (by Mrs. E. S. Brey
fosle, San Francisco, Cnl.) — One and
a. half cups Huernr, three ckss, half
enp of butter, two caps of flour, I
onecnp of milk, quarter pound of
chocolate, five tablespoons . snißar.
Put chocolate and half the milk on
the stove, stirring nntil dissolved,
add fttiKrar, «tlr. until perfectly
smooth. Cream the butter and
snerar, odd the yolks of the ewers
well beaten, then add the hot choco
late and the other half of the milk,
put In the flour and two tenspoon
fnla of baking powder, nnd lastly the
whites of the cc KN beaten, to, a stiff
froth, two teaspoons of vanilla. Beat
■well, bake in layers and use any
white icing you choose between the
layers.
Rice \\ n ill < ■«. (by Mr*. Snule Rn»xell !
Spottn) — Rub 10-rtt.or a rnpfal of
cold [boiled rice, a (ablrnpoon of
melted butter nml a ten«poon of
Bait. 'Whip Hirer etcK"« and bent In j
Kriuhinlh; tli<-n one quart of milk ',
ond three even cupn of flour thor- '
oiikliM Mfted. with one and a half
tennpoonn of linking powder. A
stiff hatter inunt be avoided.
"Tea HlKiM'lti (by Mr*. Susie Runnell !
Spottw) — Take one qnnrt of flour, a \
tennpoon of malt, two rounded ten- :
"l>ooni of hnklnK powder and i«lft
them thoroughly three time*.. Into
tills chop one tnhleftpoon of butter
and one of Inrtli add enough milk to j
mnke a (toft dougrh, roll Into a nbeet
half Inch thick, cot Into round j
cake*,' briiMh ; tbe top* over with
milk and bake in a qnlek oven.
I.lKht handling, quick mixing and
rolling add urrcntly to the excellence
of the hlncnlt*.
(beetle Omelette (by Mr*. Matilda
li. entitle) One cup prated cheese,
thrececKd. three tuhleKpoonn milk,
a little peppers beat okk« well, then
wtlr In milk and checne and hake in
a quick oven fifteen \ml u ten, hea t-
Inu the dlmh flrnt no that the bottom
cookn an quickly nm the top. To be ;
baked in a nnmll, deep pic dinh ,
(chlnn).
Tomato Bmra (by Mr*. 1,. Herat Ie) — ■
Ton.st nome bread in it i»nn. Pouch j
e«rß«i linrtl. Stew «lx -■ tomatoen.
Strnln tli4>iii, mid pcpper.KnU anil a
lltdo cr«-nm. and If not thick enough
iii!<l 11 little browned flonr. ; Pnt one
eus: on cadi piece of toiint and pour
orer (lie Nauee.
It is understood that the new superin
tendent will leave the purchase of bak- j
Ing powder to the purchasing: committee,' :
and that the ladies will furnish her with
no recipes. - ■-..-•
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The fao- /O
siail# /V , *f ** it n
DISAPPOINTED
SALOON MEN
No More Licenses for
Resorts at the Camp.
THE PROPERTY-OWNERS WIN
PBOTEST OF RICHMOND RESI
DENTS GRANTED.
Since the Arrival of Troops at the
Racetrack Saloons Have Been
Springing Up Like
Mushrooms.
' The Police Commissioners arrived at
the conclusion last night that all the sa
loons necessary to quench. the thirsts of
the "boys in blue" encamped on the old
Bay District race track and their visit
ors are now In operation. That decision
proved a bitter disappointment to nine
ambitious saloon men who hoped to be
granted licenses to dispose of "sharp
steams" . and stronger liquid refresh
ments to the soldiers and the thousands
of people who dally find their way to the
camp ground.
The residents of the Richmond district
made the fight and won a substantial
victory. Since the first arrival of troops
at the old race track saloons have been
popping up in that locality like mush-;
rooms. In the small strip of territory
bounded by Fulton and Clement streets, I
Henderson and Eighth avenues, there are j
31 saloons now running, and no less than j
nine applications for saloon licenses were
made before the Commissioners within
the past five days. The people of Rich- j
mond then decided that It was time for i
them to enter a strong and vigorous pro
test. When they received information
that dance halls and gambling dens were
also proposed tney thought that patience
had ceased to be a virtue, and that unless
some prompt and vigorous action was
taken th© Richmond district in the neigh
borhood of the camp would soon become
a second edition of the Barbary Coast. A
few of the property owners met on Sun- I
day and drafted the following protest. |
which was signed by 24." residents, and j
filed with the Police Commissioners:
"We, the undersigned residents of the Rich- |
mond district, view with alarm the rapid prog-- I
ress of vice In our community, due to the pres
ence of so many licensed houses where liquor
is' sold, and they are increasing to such an
extent that the moral character of our young
people is thereby endangered. We also know
that there is an application before the Board i
of Police Commissioners for a license for an I
"officers' club," in the lower flat of 1424 Point
Lobos avenue. | From the nature of the furni
ture, etc., we have good reason to believe it
Is to be used for the purpose of gambling. We
are also Informed by the agent of the new
Richmond Hall, at the corner of Clement street
and Fourth avenue, that he considered rent
ing, the place for a dance hall with all its
usual accessories.
We hereby protest against the granting of
any more licenses to saloons or dance hall* in •
Richmond district, and we also request your
honorable body to look well into the nature ot j
the so-called . "officers' club" before granting
a permit.
In anticipation of the saloon men mak- :
Ing a fight to secure the licenses a com
mittee of ten of the property-owners at
Richmond presented themselves at the
rooms of the commission last night to en
ter protest against the applications being
granted. They were not called upon, :
however, for after an executive session
lasting about half an hour the Commis
sioners instructed Clerk Wright to an
nounce that under no circumstances would
any more licenses to sell liquor be granted .
to people Intending: opening saloons In the ,
neighborhood of the camp.
The applications denied last night were
from the following . saloon men, who
hoped to engage. in business at the loca
tions opposite their .names: Purcell & '
Rashow, 1421 Point I.obos road; Nelson &
Messerschmidt, 811 Point Lobos road; ,
Cornelius Krame, 1421 Point Lobos road;
Jacob D. Halst. 1313 Point Lobos road; .
John J. McCarthy, First avenue and Turk
street; Richard F. MeMahon, Fourth ave
nue and Clement street; John Ehlers,
First and Golden Gate avenues, and Al
bert Farenbach, 713 Fifth avenue.
After disposing of the saloon question '
the Commissioners took up the trial of I
the charges against live patrolmen ac- >
cused of neglect of. duty. Policeman
Sandman, accused of failing to properly
patrol the crossing of Market and
Kcarny streets, was acquitted. Policeman
John M. O'Connor, a new appointee,
Henry D. Jackson and George Eastman
were found guilty of having failed to re- !
port, for duty on time and were fined 120,
$10 and $10 respectively. Patrolman Felix ;
F. Dougherty pleaded guilty to a charge
of having gone asleep while on special :
duty watching the Union Iron Works
property to prevent the possibility of j
Spanish spies doing damage to the plant, i
and was fined $50. He would have been j •
dismissed from the department had It not
been shown that for several nights prior
to- his dereliction he had been sitting up
attending his wife, who was seriously ill.
Return of Father Younan.
Rev. E. H. Younan, the Paulist mission
ary who so successfully conducted mis
sions in St. Mary's (Paulist) Church and
St. Paul's Church In this city, will resume
his work for non-Catholics In the Paulist
church. California street, next Sunday.
He will preach in the church at the 11
o'clock mass.
ladles' tailor-made suits: latest designs; we
rive credit. M. Roth.-"-li!ld, 211 Sutter. r. G & 7.
Honor for Dr. Abrams.
The friends of Dr. A. Abrams will bo
pleased to loam that he has received
important promotion in Cooper Medical
Collprp, In belli!? appointed to the pro
fMMorohip of clinical diagnosis. Professor
Abrams" published work on "Physical
I'hißiiosis has earned for htm this pro
motion.
; •; <v ADVERTISEMENTS.
CANT
<nrr"i/^T^ our bales at the
V I (IK PKICEBW3 CON-
kJ X\J L TINUE TO QUOTE.
CARPETS.
Sewed. Laid and Lined at Prices
CTy£/-» For Tapestry; gocd patterns;
O'T'W full assortment.
f»Q/> Heavy Tapestry; . close weave;
V)4v 20 patterns to select from.
—
'7 r 7r> Best quality nd 10-wlre Tap-
_, C Iv estry; borders to match; all
manufactures.
O O /-» Heavy body velvets, with bor-
OOv ders; rich new designs.
.■■ .
MOQUETTE RUGS.
18x3«, 8, r .c; 27x63, $1 75; 36x72, $2 95. |
Japanese Linen Warp Matting, slightly
.discolored; 25 rolls; lGc per yard while
it lasts.
<J? If* €}X 3-plece ' Solid Oak Cham-
<tpl \J»^*J ber Suit; bevel plate. 24
x3O; elegant (floss finish;
>:•! '"■■■>. -'• • - good value at $25 ; see it
. In our window. :'-w.t!
. <£££ £&nZ- For: those" elepant Curdu-
«JJU»UU roy Couches; deep tufted
and frinßed.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
' - 3 doz. • odd ' Rockers 'to '■ close; 1 high
back; all. In 0ak..............»l 20 each-;
ALEX MACKAY & SON,
. 715 Market Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
M ■ ;-?•■-•'.-■ -'. ■ ■'"-, ' ■■'■■■"■'•■-.'■
Interesting
information
from
to
I summer
| vacationers.
I <^*^&?oj± Thinking of
I i W$S^ 1 % WH& your vacation
1 fJ^^' p ?sO\£ig OU can S° to Hale's, buy your
I j^^^^^j trunk or valise, your outfit, your
§ Tifry 's^V'Sn \C cooking utensils, .your summer
I I (piiiljftk/ household decorations, ham-
I" || /^^^Jtnf mocks, etc., order them packed
J . sS t^Lg^!l SS !y •'[ and sent to your outing place :
I <^*^fj^!f\\ HI direct, save worry, lots of time
I ' f/<I V j^' „ J anC ' * rou ' :) ' e « 88 e * good goods,
j/ f\ XI lil ! and get them at Hale's prices.
I gi^, \ w^-'iuUi. Isn't that worth thinking about?
I "^ikv \ -irS, ,» Do you know what Hale's prices
I li^Sss^^' V mean? Here are a few ~
I '^crzgjtfv^' Trunks, for instance :
§ Heavy canvas-covVed flat top traveling trunks, sheet-iron bottom,
| 4 hard-wood cleats on top, 2 around sides, 3 on bottom, heavy
japanned iron-bound corners, cleat Clamps, patent lock, tray and
hat box — a trunk built for business, made to stand a baggage-
smasher's bangs. They last for years.
28 inches wide $3.50each32 inches wide $4.00 each 36 inches wide $4.so each
30 inches wide $3.75 each 34 inches wide' $4.25 each 38 inches wide $5.00 each
(Trunks from $2 to $14.50. Not necessary to pay more than Hale's prices.)
Traveling Bags .....400 to $4.80
Telescope Baskets 15 e to 900
• Shawl Straps 15 C up
Hammocks 75 e to $2.50
Paper Camp Napkins 15c per 100 i
Camp plates 5c per dozen
OUTING SUITS KNIVES AND FORKS SOAPS
OIL STOVES SPOONS FACE LOTIONS
TINWARE WOODENWARE SEPARATE OVENS
GRANITEWARE BRUSHES COOKING UTENSILS J
Swiss Tambour
Curtains.
Just the thing for a bedroom or a summer cottage neat as wax
easy to wash — pretty and out of the ordinary. We've chopped
off 50c from every pair to liven the selling and introduce the novelties.
A complete stock makes choosing easy. / -. !
$1.75 to $2.95 a Pair. - |
General
Store News.
Unusual activity in all vacation goods, especially trunks and valises. Little !
prices make brisk sales. Good goods make "come-back" customers. , .
Concert Saturday by Bruck's Boston Elite Orchestra. Program to be \
advertised later. * !
The millinery department reports rapid selling of vacation hats, mostly j
Sailors, Leghorns, Panamas, Tally-hos and Chips. !
;,•" Patriotic badges, buttons, pins, belts, belt clasps, ribbons, bunting, flags, ; \
etc., keep tumbling in and selling rapidly. A brisk demand for Dewey pins, \
American and Cuban badge pins, etc. Many say we have the prettiest assort- ■
ment in the city. It certainly does not lack in variety. \
937=939=94i = 943=945=947 Market Street. j
3 DAY SPECIALS!
We have two stores full .*; v^>i'
o*' £ood things at low prices—
that's why we invite your trade.
FRENCH SARDINES, -- tin — - — 10c
Put up In finest Olive Oil.
. ; Regular price lDc.
BACON, ID* • • • • • • • •• •••••• I2ic!
Armour's Fancy Eastern •
Sugar-cured.
Regular price 16c. .
SWEET WINES, bot. 35c; 3 Si
Port, Sherry. Angelica,
Muscatel and Tokay.
I Regular price BOc. *
PRUNES, 6 lbs-......, ....25c
•' California French: delicious
■ flavor: great bargain.
Regular price Sc a lb.
BUTTER, square- :.......... 35c
Choice Creamery.
WE SELL THE IDEAL COFFEE POT.
21 STOCKTON ST., 1 3253 FILLMORE ST., j
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
'■ Telepfme latin 5523. 1 Telethons West 152. '
: .Catalogue : free. Particular attention j
given to Mail Orders. .-, [
TREMENDOUS SACRIFICE
OF
Genuine TJ TT-f^'O 1
ORIENTAL XI U (j^
BY AUCTION
TO=DAY, the Last Day
AT 2 P. M.
106-108 GRANT AVENUE.
•MR. L.BABATON. who has brought this fine |
collection, having struck the city at the wrong , i
time, is fjprc«-d"to sell his Rare Rugs at any
sacrifice before departing for the East.
■ ■ - » V : ■ '.-■■. H. H. REBU. Auctioneer.
IA/. X. HESS,
NOTAHT. PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW, •
Tenth Floor, Kooni 1016, < Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone 3rown 931.
-Residence. S!l California street., below
Powell. Ban Francisco. - - - , 1
| CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB. |
iCASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. ' |
. j. a>
{\f |
, 111 11 Anico " I 2
II i LADIES' I I
jl> 11) DESKS. I
X A DESK LIKE CUT, U $
& MAHOGANY, OAK OR BIRCH. A
I THIS WEEK AT $3.75. |
! <§> Before buying a desk, see our stock <•>
i <*► and get our prices. You'll save money <j>
■® if . you do. Roller-top desks from $12 <|>
4> upwards. ■ 4»
I J. NOON ;|i
! I 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., |
i> Above Sixth. <§>
4, Phone South 14. Open Evenings. <&
i 0 00 00000000000000 3
o T " f PALACE a " p 2
%GRANb HQTELS %
I o SAN FRANCISCO. q
i 0 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attach**. ~
Q *v*. Vsdzh Ox« MaxaQl"' 4 O
O MOTE THE PRICES: O
: -i European Plan.»l. OO per day and upward r%
w American Plan. s*3. OO per day and up wrar.l **
(5 ■ LonMMX.'iMtrnrr Solicited. • O
O JOHN C. XIBKPATKICK, M»aag . o
OQOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOQ
'-MADE:Mi'i£/A-'.MAN
fAJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
A ££ N-r><ou* lH.irn.tf 3 — Falling Mem-
ory,lmpctoncy. Sleeplessness, oto., oaascd
by Aba-je or other Kxcessos and India-
crotions. They quickly and surely
restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
fit man for business or marriags.
, > Prevent Insanit* and Consamjition if
tak.n in time. Their as© shows Immediate fmproTe-
inemorid effects a CURE whore all other fail In-
sist apor. hovina rho genuine Ajax Tablets. They
havo cared thousands and will cure you. ■VVoßiveapoa-
itive written cnaranUja to o3ect a euro Gfl I*?C la
each case or refund the money. Price ul" Ui-3i par
PAckuco; or six pttc»s (full treatment! for $2£0. ". By
mnil, in plain wranper. upon receipt of priM.. Circular
fro©. A.IAV r>r* ■•■ \/ ff\ «D ix-arlwrn
For sale In San Franclico by Lelpnitx A Co.
!3« Butter. No- Percentage Pharmacy. 9*9 Mitt.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA : BITTERS. THH
.'great Mexican remedy: gives health and
i strength to the sexual organs.'