VOLUME LXyiY.-NO. g3 19.-
7
RALLY OF REPUBLICAN HOSTS
ON THE SAN DIEGO PLAZA
THOUSANDS
HEf\R vJrI\JL-i
AND BARNES
Volleys of Solid Facts
Hurled Q t F us i°O
Breastworks.
California's Next Governor H°lds
Up to Public Gaze the Errors
and Isms of Maguire.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 26.— Gage is all
right. Ten thousand people as
sembled in San Diego to-night
bo avowed by their cheer? for the
Republican nominee for Governor.
The meeting in point of attendance
and enthusiasm broke the record of po
litical demonstrations In this county.
All the space of the Plaza was occu
pied by attentive listeners, and the
throng extended far beyond on the
roadway, and on the sidewalk:: of D
street north and on Fourth street, east
of the Plaza, stood a multitude eager to
hear the words of the eloquent stand
ard bearer of the Republican party in
this campaign.
Early in the day regular and special
tratiia j>rtva.t* tpnveyances brought
from adjacent towns and the environs
of the city many voters who were ani
mated by a desire to participate in the
great outpouring of the masses; to hear
Mr. Gage and listen to the matchless
General Barnes in his eloquent flights
of oratory.
The first feature of San Diego's wel
ccmie and demonstration in honor of
Mr. Gage was a reception at the Horton
House, which commenced at 2 p. m.
and closed at 4 p. in.
Mr. Gage during that time met fully
1000 of the leading citizens of the coun
ty, both Republicans and Democrats.
They were presented by A. G. Gassen,
and passed a few words with the candi
date for Governor. For two hours the
throng of visitors kept up. There was
no cessation. At 4 p. m. Mr. Gage was
compelled to retire and obtain a needed
rest. Among the more prominent citi
zens who met Mr. Gage were the fol
lowing:
J.. S. Cal.en, A. G. Gassen, Samuel
Smith, D. L. Wlthlngton, W. R. Guy,
L. R. Works, A. E. Nutt, E. S. Tor
rance, J. Wade McDonald, T. J. Fisher,
Fred Jennings, Charles S. Hardy, James
Russell, D. C. Reed, Vie Shaw, Eugene
Daney, Charles Stewart, L. A. Wright,
Ben Downs, Major J. M. Bailache, Col
onel E. J. Ensign of Los Angeles," T. E.
Rowan Jr., Thomas Gardiner, A. D.
Dunn, editor of the Escondido Advo
cate; M. A- Luce, Clark Albert!, John
Forward, T. J. Daly, J. M. Soto, A. H.
Sweet, J. M. Dodge, F. A. Conover,
Frank P. Frary, Henry Sweeney, J. P.
Christensen, John Rolfe, Charles Swal
low, W. W. Gephart, J. H. Grovesteen,
V. E. Shaw, Watson ParriHh, Captain
J. A. Heath, F. R. Burnham, S. W.
KrofT, A. D. Jordan, R. Schiller, E. J.
Louis, F. Abrams, Captain Jaa. Keith,
W. H. Laws; W. E. Budlong, Johnson
Puterbaugh, J. A. Rice. Georgre W.
Grant, Dale Smith, J. A. Thomas. J. G.
Burgess. D. G. Gordon, K. B. Findley,
C. C. Bailey, William Froelich, Frank
Stephens, J. E. Wadham, Ranee Breed
love, Henry E. Clark. G. Schutte, M.
Barnett, T. w. Cozens. Henry Nulton,
C. A. McDougall, Joseph Foster, Clay
toft Hill, W. H. Ferry, A. C. Loveland.
Ami V. Golsh, J. w. Cox, John Judson
and Thomas German.
.Interest in the great events of the
flay Increased as the hours of evening
approached. The plaza band stand was
decorated with the national colors. Be
fore 7 o'clock the peopue began to as
semble at the appointed place. The
City Guard band discoursed patriotic
airs, as the people came together.
It was remarked by some as a phenom
enal; display and others a a happy
promise of Republican victory.
The colors red, white and blue in a
circle around the moon were plainly
visible. The multitude was called to
order by Samuel F. Smith, chairman of
the Republican County Central Com
mittee, who introduced U. S. Grant as
chairman. Mr. Grant in accepting the"
honor said: ) -
Friends and Neighbors: I owe you n.
flebt of gratitude; which I cannot pay in
words. To say that I
■ ~ ~ \\ thank you— to R ay that
ii S. Grant lean convention in this
U. o. Urant can convention in this
county for its hearty
Presents ■ (indorsement of me is
. . Inadequate to express
H T- Ga£e. the feeling which lives
"• '■ * via X c * Vlth me. But . I do
mmm^ mmm^^^m ' 'V lanJc : you from the
• •,■-.•-.,:,., . Bottom of- : my heart
and beg that you will bide the time when
The San Francisco Call.
! by menns other than words I may attest
the measure of my appreciation.
Fellow citizens, we are here to-night to
meet two gTeat apostles who will preach
! and interpret the great doctrines of our
i grand oid party. They will tell us how
J the party has kept Its pledges to the
people, and, if any of you have strayed
into strange political paths, to set signal
lights and guide you Dack to where you
belong. The Republican party has more
1 nearly kept its faith with the people, has
! more nearly solved the problems of the
i hour, to the satisfaction of the people,
, than has any other party in America.
i There never has been a crisis in the his
' tory of America since the birth of the
: Republican party when the people have
not called, upon the party to solve It.
: There never has been a crisis when the
I party has shirked its duty or been unequal
Ito the task. Recently when a foreign
I enemy threatened— when at our doors
! there arose a condition of affairs that
was deplorable, intolerable, disgraceful to
| civilization— President McKinley, with . a
calm dignity, typical of a great, nation,
. grasped the., helm and *rui<!eil us throuKh
: a. sea of. trouble, the full dangers where
, of will probably never -be known to'us.ii*"
In our friend and neighbor, whom we
will .delight to honor and whom we al
■■ ready respect; we have the local repre
! sentatlve of ■ our party, the spokesman,
1 the chosen standard bearer. When he oc
i cupies the gubernatorial chair, as he sure
! ly will, he will not- try his hand at formu
; lating strange methods of taxation, nor
will wild thtories of government engross
his time. He will be guided by the well-
I known, soundly-seasoned .principles" of a
party which does not remodel its . plat
form to catch the votes of those who
struggle after new delusions.
I have the pleasure of introducing to
| you the honorable Henry T. Gage.
The Introduction of Mr. Gage was the
! signal for great applause. As the
standard bearer stepped forward the
| vast multitude gave him mighty shouts
j of welcome. -Mr. Gage spoke as fol
j lows:
It must be a cold heart that does not
respond to the greeting of friend and
nolirhhnr Ttlf S:ltlS-
factions of -lfe are
largely wrought out
of the human rela
tions which interest
us In the happiness of
others. To feel the
pain and share the
pleasure of a friend is
man's most remied
privilege.
| ,
The Birth
The Party.
Indeed, in this regard for others is the
origin of all right personal and public ac
tion. While 1 am thrilled by this grand
demonstration, its suggestions almost
I sadden me with the sense of responsi
bility which it brings. The hailing of a
fellow-citizen by the people who intend
to make him their servant In a public sta
tion is a feature almost peculiarly Ameri
can. So 1 see here and now evidences of
the great underlying principles of this
tree government.
The constitution was Intended to secure
that civil equality asserted by the Dec
laration of Independence, and when some
I timid and many wise statesmen had by
I repeated compromises held that Intention
1 in abeyance the Republican party sprang
into being. It had no part in the com
promises of the past. It looked beyond
them to the principles of the constitution
and declared that its gift of civil equality
should no longer be withheld. In its day
this declaration was the sounding of the
tocsin. War came and made the years
lurid, but through all the shock and
shouting, the battle cloud and thunder,
where men died in scores of thousands
and where others formed In fresh bat
talions to replace them, the banner of this
party shone like a sunburst through the
shadows, and its legend ran, '"All men are
created equal." When the strife was over
that which was the dream of Jefferson
and the Inspiration of Lincoln had been
written in the living law, and all men had
their constitutional inheritance of civil
equality.
The party which has put its standard
into my hands, by your favor and help to
be carried to victory, stands to-day in
its maturity for the principles to which
it was dedicated in its Infancy. If those
who Btood sponsors at its baptism wore
called to answer for the high pledge they
gave in its name, they could point to it^s
Faithful record and be justified. It i'fls,
every moment of its existence, put man
and his interests foremost among the
things of its concern. Man is the la
borer: his toll precedes capital. Para
lyze his arm or take the light and im
pulse of hope from his heart and the cre
ation of wealth ceases. Deprive him of
his Just share of what he creates and
you dim the eye of his faith in freedom
and his fellow man. Therefore, this
party which commits to us its fate and
fortunes In California, charged Itself with
the high duty of protecting labor as the
creator of capital, and the story of its
stewardship is written in the progressive
rise in the nominal value of wages and
a constant increase in their purchasing
power over the necessaries of life.
Admonished by tho interests of fifteen
millions of wage earners, who are our
fellow citizens, enjoying with us their
enfranchisement in the civil equality we
fought for, our party haa said that there
shall be no rich man's money and poor
man's money, but that there shall be but
one kind of money, and that the best in
the world. The coin that pays the un
earned salary of a king is none too good
to pay the well earned wages of an
American laborer.
In this we do but follow our baptismal
pledge of equality. We want no classl
•ieation of society along the lines of cur
rency. Our national affairs are springing
into order. While our soldiers and sail
ors have been following the flag to vic
tory on land and sea, our mechanics,
farmers and merchants have wrought in
I the ways of peace to extend our com
i merce with the nations, and at the end
of the .first year of trade under a Repub.
J^llcan revenue law the world owes us a
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, IS9S.
PICTORIAL STORY OF THE GREAT REPUBLICAN RALLY f?T SAN DIEGO.
Hon. Henry T. Gage addresses the assembled multitudes, while seated upon the speakers' stand
are U. S. Grant, General W. H. L. Barnes and other distinguished representatives of the Republican party.
balance of $800,000,000, and for the first
time in our hlnory we can claim to bo
the creditor nation, while the world is
our debtor.
The principles upon which the party
has acted in securing these results are
not changed for expediency. Asserting
the right of American labor to defense
against a low standard of life, we were
beaten in 1890. In 1892 we again gave bat
i tie in defense of Americn labor and wore
I beaten. Then silence fell upon Ameri
can worshops and dust and rust beset
their sleeping wheels. Capital no longer
I sought enterprises for investment.
Money no longer circulated and business
houses fell all over the land as if at
tacked at once by earthquake and cyclone.
Then men discovered that Ingenuity has
no device for securing the circulation of
money equal to the payment of wages to
j well-employed labor. When the great
i army of lifteen millions of laborers ceased
I to earn, money ceased to circulate and
business shriveled like a rose exposed
to our hot blasts from the north.
Again the Republican party asserted
the rights of labor to employment, to
good wages paid in gqjftd money, and in
I 1896 it won a victory by putting expedi
ency behind it and persisting in the pur
poses and principles which it was cre
ated to sustain.
Let us stand by it now. Let us not
; forget that we had allies In 1896 who saw
! danger in the Chicago, .platform and
helped defeat it. Confronted by the sinis
ter policies now put in issue In California,
we invite to our side all men who distin
guish between party name and party
principles, who will lend a hand in bat
tle which involves even more than the
issues of 1596.
The fusion candidate, who appeals to
prejudice against the Republican ticket,
j and the convention which nominated it,
by no means confines his campaign of
prejudice to partisan attack. He appeals
to the prejudice that may be latent in.
the community against those who have
accumulated property by thrift and In-
I dustry. He rousee those who have failed
1 against those who have succeeded. He
! appears, as he tells his audiences, as the
j champion of the poor against the rich,
nnd In effect, affirms that his election is
necessary to end the aggressions of tha
property-holding class. His cry is calam
ity and loss of manhood's opportunity, and
his campaign is a general arraignment of
the social state.
Now I deny that the people of this
country have bo slept upon their r!ghts
that the aggressions of wealth have clos
| ed the door of opportunity to the thrifty
j and Industrious. The rich men of to
■ day were the poor men of thirty years
ago, and the poor men of to-day will be
the rich men of the future. It is peculiarly
I to the credit of our Institutions that the
discipline of poverty fits men for for
tune by training in that self-denial that
leads from dependence to independence.
In what other country do an many la
boring men own their own homes? In
what other country are as many labor
ers depositors in savings banks?
In wnat other country may the poorest
! boy hope for as high a destiny as in this
republic?
Why. in our American cities the very
scavengers that take the refuse from our
stables and kitchens nwn homes and bank
deposits. Of what other country can this
1 be said?
The harm done by such theories as
Judge Maguire stands for Is that they in
duce the rising generation to look for
ward to a Utopia, in which the statute
law Is to be every man shall have what
he wants without thfc energy, exertion and
character, which are now and always will
be the elements of success In life.
I All of the theories and isms of which fu
i slon Democracy has become the guardian
I tend to degrade life, set up artificial
I classes that have no excuse for existence
here, and when society has been artln
1 daily classified to set class against class.
Mr. Gage devoted considerable time
to a discussion of Maguire's pretended
railroad issue, and quoted from the
Congressional Record. On this point he
said:
But, fellow citizens, the new Democracy
must endeavor to have a popular issue,
even if they be com-
pelled to invent one.
5.1r. Maguire, there
fore, as the head of
that party, has resur
rected the old anti
railroad cry. and is
np*v vigorously using
this weil-worn shout
of the office-seekers.
After his nomination
|
The Record j
of
Maguirc.
by the Populists and prior to his nom
ination by th* Fusion Democracy and
Fusion Silver party, Mr. Maguire, her
alded by the blare of demagogic
mouths, returned to San Francisco
from Washington. He received a great
ovation. He marched through the streets
like a Roman conqueror and exhibited
himself publicly as the people's savior,
the great enemy of Huntlngton and the
Southern Pacific Railroad. He spoke at
Metropolitan Hall in the city of San Fran
cisco on August 9 of this year and de
nounced in bitter language an existing
law of the United States, approved July
7, IS9B, which is entitled "An Act Making
Appropriation to Supply Deficiencies in
the Appropriations for the Fiscal Year
Ending June 30, IS9S, and for Other Pur
, The part denounced by Mr. Maguire is
a settlement with the Central Pacific and
Western Pacific railroads for the purpose
#f securing payment from the roads of
the debt to the United States of about
$59,000,000. M ,T, T tl
Not content with denouncing Hunting
ton he Included, apparently without
knowing It, in his condemnation, all of his
associate representatives from this State,
not even excluding the distinguished and
able Democratic Senator, Stephen M.
White Mr. Maguire's denunciations
reached further, because he condemned
one of the most distinguished Senators of
the Democratic party, the old ideal of
Democracy, Hon. John T. Morgan of Ala
bama Even this extreme position did
not satisfy the single-taxer, for he wan
determined to make an issue in this cam
paign, even if it were to be believed only
)> Aizaln Se he condemned all the Democrats.
Populists and Sflverites In the United
States Senate. In order to keep the peo
ple in reverential awe of his railroad
scare-crow in his speech he not only did
not hesitate to exclude the true facts, but
even went so far as to make a misstate
ment— namely. th>t but one Democrat
voted for the amendment. I quote the
words from his party paper, the Exam
iner which certainly would not, in its
nart'lsan zeal, do him the injustice of
either spoiling his rhetoric or his facts.
He said:
"The measure could never have suc
ceeded but for the weakness of Mr. Bar
ham and the weakness of Mr. Loud.
Mr Loud did not vote for the bill. He
was paired, but he was paired with a
Democrat, and he could not have been
paired but as a supporter of the bill, for
there was but one Democrat in the Houfie
— Bankhead of Alabama— who was for the
bill."
Here are three errors which Mr. Ma
ffulre seeks to Impress upon the peanla:
First, that the amendment which he
styles the funding amendment was a Re
publican party measure (when it was not
such and was passed through the aid of
but one Democrat: second, that the
amendment could not have passed but for
the weakness, as he styles it, of his fel
low Republican Representatives from
this State; third, that the provisions of
the law are so exceedingly shocking to
the people and so advantageous to the
raflroad, that the people of this State and
of the United States will be unscrupulous
ly robbed.
A plain statement of the plain facts
learned from records of both houses of
Congress will tear the clotht-s from the
scarecrow and exhibit the fanciful feat
ures of Mr. Maguire in his character of a
political Grimaldl, endeavoring to divert
public attention while he attempts U>
clamber into office. Let us first read tire
dreadful amendment. 1 nssure you, fel
low-citizens, it won't devour you.
The "funding amendment" is styled In
the deficiency appropriation bill the "set
tlement with the Central Pacific and
Western Pacific railroads."
The text of the bill was read by Mr.
Gage, and at the conclusion he contin
ued his comments as follows:
Now, fellow citizens, was this a Repub
lican bill? We always designate the par
tisan character of a bill by the politics
of Its proposer and the strongest sup
porter. Who is the Democratic' leader
of his party in the United States to-day?
Who stands, even with the new Democ
racy, among the highest in his ranks as
the defender of Jefferson's principles?
Clearly, Senator John T. Morgan of Ala-
He (Senator Morgan) introduced this
same bill, this so-called refunding amend
ment, this dreadful moasvire denounced
by Mr. Maguire, denounced by the fusion
Democracy, denounced by the fusion Pop
ulists, but not condemned by the fusion
silver platform.
Certainly the Democratic Senator from
this State ranks high in his party as the
exponent of the new Democracy, and as
the avowed enemy of railroads in this
State. He voices the new Democracy
here and throughout the nation, and yet,
fellow citizens. Hon. Stephen M. White,
the Democratic Senator, was the one who,
in the Senate, shaped the hated fund
ing amendment Into its present condi
tion, and he, the distinguished Demo
cratic Senator, supported Senator Morgan
in its passage through the Senate.
W T ho passed the terrible bill? It was
passed by the entire Senate without a
single objection from either Populist, fu
sionist or Democrat.
And again, fellow citizens a part of
this funding amendment, a clause in thjs
settlement with the railroad, which lim
ited Its acceptance to a period of one
year, wns prepared and inserted In Ihe
bill at the instance of a Republican of
this State, namely, Congressman Barham
of the First Congressional District. In
the House, not one (as Mr. Maguire says),
but two Democrats and one Populist—
namely. Congressmen Berry. Bankhead
and Green — voted for the bill. Mr. Ma
guire also forgets to tell the people that
twenty-one Republicans voted against it
and Ij3 Representatives, of all shades of
political opinion, refrained from voting.
If Mr. Maguire's memory be at fault
again, lot him consult the Congressional
Record of date July 6, 1898, page 7515.
Fellow citizens, these are the facts. I
quote in support of the view that the
bill is not of so corrupt a character as
is. stated by Maguire the following re
marks in approval of this bill by the
Democratic Senator. Morgan, from the
Congressional Record, volume 31, number
152. paces 7250 and 7251:
■ J "■ .' -' ' ''
"Nevertheless, I am quite satisfied that
no Congress will sit here that will depart
from the precedent
that has been estab
lished in the case of
the Union Pacific
Railway Company.
The country has be
come, as I have re
marked,so entirely sat
isfied with that set
tlement that here
after there will be no
serious question made anywhere as to its
validity as a precedent for the settlement
of the Central Pacific debt."
Mr. Morgan
Versus
Maguire.
Mr. Gage quoted another paragraph
from the speech of Senator Moreran as
reported in the Congressional Record.
Special emphasis was given to the fol
lowing declaration of the Alabama Sen
ator: .
"The settlement proposed here leaves all
of the acts of Congress In full force,
leaves the charter in full force and the
obligations of the Central Pacific entirely
unaffected by this legislation; and in that
respect the advantages of this settlement
are immensely greater than those of the
settlement we have already made with the
Union Pacific Railway Company."
Our Democratic Senator's (White) opin
ion was asked by Senator Bacon before
the passage of the bill as follows:
Mr. Bacon— l desire to ask the Senator
from California a question, for all the ex
planation we have had on this matter
has necessarily been limited to one read-
Ing of it. I desire to know whether, un
der the provisions of this amendment,
which has been adopted, the parties who
are charged with the responsibility and
power of this settlement will be author
ized to take anything less than the
amount of the principal and interest?
Mr. Spooner— No.
Mr. Bacon— l asked for information, as
I coulft not Judge from the reading.
Mr. White— l desire to say to the Sen
ator fi;om Georgia that as the amend
ment is now amended it provides for the
payment of the full amount; and an
otiier amendment, which was adopted by
the Senate at my suggestion, limits the
final payment to ten years, and a default
as to any payment of principal or inter
est will make the whole due and rayablo
forthwith.
The foregoing I have read from page \
7254 of the Congressional Record, volume
31. number 152. Now where is Mr. Ma- |
gulre's scarecrow? Where Is his railroad i
thunder? Which party representatives
fostered and fathered this frightful
"funding amendment," those of the new
or the old Democracy? The Pemocrncy
from which Mr. Maguire withdrew in ISS7
or the new and changed Democracy. ,
which returned to him and embraced him
In IS9S?
When a false issue is raised, when a
misstatement is made to the people, it
rapidly travels, and It takes a wealth of |
argument to disarm the people of their
prejudices.
Fellow-citizens, publish these facts to |
your friends and neighbors. Read them
for yourselves in the public records, and i
the next time you hear Mr. Mag«ire :
raising his voice against railroads kindly
ask him to produce the Congressional
Record and read the Senate proceedings
upon this "funding amendment" which
Mr. Maguire and his party now bo stren
uously condemn. This amendment has*
now become a law, and Its execution de- ;
volves upon the President of the United
States to carry out the spirit and letter
of the law passed by both houses of Con
gress.
Will you trust the faithful execution
of that law to your President, or will
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
you give ear to the anti-railroad speeches
of Mr. Maguire? Will you ta-ke the'testi
mony of the great Democratic Senator
Morgan, arid that of your auie'and hon
ored Democratic Senator White, or will
you accept the political, pre-election de
nunciation of the opposing candidate for
office? . •
He made no objection to- Mr. Barham's
amendment at the time it was proposed
and had he then offered an objection
thereto this amendment could not have
been considered nor could it have become
law: and to prove this. I here read what
is reported in the Congressional Record
upon this subject.
Mr. Gage hear read the proceedings
in the House upon the amendment of
fered by Congressman Barham to tha
Senate amendments, showing no ob
jection was then made.
It appears from page 7515,-just read, that
when the speaker pro tern. of the House
asked the whole House of Representatives
(Mr. Maguire being present), "Is there
any objection?" there was nb objection.
But suppose he had made" objection to it;
suppose he did vote against the funding
amendment — what matters it when we re
member that the amendment presented so
many excellent features that every Dem
ocratic, Populist and Republican Senator
voted for it? When did Mr. Maguire be
come possessed of mere honesty and
greater wisdom than all the Senators of
the United States?
After disposing of the railroad ques
tion Mr. Gage turned the searchlight on
Maguire's war record. Said he: •
Mr. Maguire has a war record. It is
such as a Spaniard would have'- been
proud 'of had he occu
pied . Mr. Maguire's
seat in the House. Mr.
Maguire is also proud
of that record and is
correspondingly sensi
tive upon the subject
of his priue. He com
plained of some words
of mine uttered In an
!
Maguire
and His
War Record.!
aanrtss in L.os Ange
les, wherein I said that he (Maguire) had
voted in a direction opposite to that in
which the American bullets were flying,
and called upon me for the record. . I will
give it to tim.
When the House bill 10.550, intended to
enable volunteer soldiers during the war
with Spain to vote at Congressional elec
tions, came up for action before the
House. Mr. J.Jaguire, who had previously
expressed himself as hostile to the bill,
answered "Present" and refused to vote
for the bill. Lest the honorable Congress
man should forget this matter" I call his
attention to the Congressional Record of
June 10. 1898. pages 6390 and 6391. But
through the patriotism of the Republicans
in the House, who believed that the vol
unteer who goes forth to battle for his
country should not be disfranchised the
bill passed the House.
Mr. Maguire and his party have made
the war revenue bill an issue— a measuro
passed by Republican patriotism.' through
the Senate and House and approved by
our loyal American President. This
measure, while onerous upon the people
as all systems of taxation must be, was
one of the necessities of the hour. I
firmly believe that the people of Cali
fornia of every political faith. whoSe age,
health, business and other ties require
their services .at home do not begrudge
a single dollar of tax which goes to fur
nish the Government with revenue to
arm. feed, clothe and pay our gallant sol
diers and sailors. I do not believe that
the paltry clamor of partisans about the
hardship of a war tax will abate one2
iota the true Callfornlan's loyalty and
love of country.
Mr. Majjuire. himself admits and glo
ries in tho fact that he voted against tho
war revenue bill. Now, is not tnis voting
against the- interests of his country? Can
a Spaniard be found who would not ap
plaud Mr. Maguire's vote upon this bill
which armed and equipped for war our
soldiers and tailor*:' If our loyal citi
zens, rich and pool-, have not complained
of the harsh necessities of tr.e hour, wh\'
should the unpatriotic of the Democracy
attempt to make this an issu".
Mr. Siaguire opposed the issuance of
bands necessary to carry on the war in
this, that he insisted that the bonds is
sued by the Government should not bo
interest-bearing, thereby preventing their
acceptance by. or sale to, the people.
Lest Mr. Magulre should deny the truth !
of tins statement. I refer to his support j
Of -Mr. Bland's amendment reported in
volume 31, number 104 of the Congres
sional Record, -April 29, 1&98, where, on
■>H4 >f the Record, Mr. Maguire
Bays:
"Mr. Chairman: I desire to say sim
ply on tho point of order that the prop
0 .'.ion embodied by the committee In the
1 ending till is to issue interest-bearing
i" n "is. andj fiat being- tru". certainly a
proposition to issue non-interest-bc-aring j
obligations for toe same purpose as that
contemplated by the bill would be in or
der as a substitute, as it simply eilmi
nates the interest-bearing proposition."
Mr. Maguire knev.". as a lawyer and j
business man, that the issuance of each
bonds v ould render them unsalable. He '
kn< w that if the bonds were at all to be
bought by the people that they would i
be purchased only at a discount com*J
BUrate with an interest depending*!
upon times of payment. Knowing this, I
was his action not opposed to the expend- i
iture of money for Government us"<* in ;
the war against Spain? Was he not then ;
voting in a direction opposite to that In I
which American bullets were flying?
A government cannot create gold and
silver. It cannot dig the earth for the)
precious metals. It cannot force the
commercial world to accept its non-Inter- j
tearing obligations for the products
ol labor. Laborers cannot pay their :
.debts with indefinite non-negotiable
promises to pay, and no government liat
would keep such paper at par in trrt>
commercial world. The Populistlc gov
ernmental theory of- flooding the commer- ]
clal world with unlimited paper money j
has long since been exploded and even I
war necessities would not give sufficient
nourishment to the rag baby to ke«p it !
alive a month. The Government, there j
fore, must raise the revenue both by tax- I
ation and sale of bonds, and the non
isouari * of bonds tv meet the enormous
v.ar expenditure would have more than j
doubled* the -taxation upon the present
generation.
Mr. Magture, as an Intelligent man
knew this; yet, disregarding the fact and
trusting to deceive, perhaps, the people
ifornia as to the real aspect of the I
question, and. if possible, to make his
party standing stronger, knowing that !
taxes of nU kinds, and especially war;
-■. are onerous, he appealed to the :
country by voting with his party against
the war revenue bill, on the plea that thu
burden of taxation fell upon the poor.
Yet the very money to be raised by this i
bi.ll \v;'s to be paid by the people at large !
l ■!■ food, clothing and medicines, for the
gallant soldier, sons of the poor, and for
■ ammunition to use against the common
my.
Lin I ask was not this voting in a
direction opposite to that from which |
American bullets wen- flying?
In the course of his further remarks, I
Mr. Gage thanked the people erf San ,
Diego for the support given to him in
the convention at Sacramento, which j
honored him with the nomination for]
rnor. He promised, if elected, to
give the people of California a clean, j
economic, businesslike administration. \
The address delivered by Mr. Gage i
was received with many expressions of
cheering approval. He Rains in force ■
;i ml effect as the campaign progresses.
Interruptions do not embarrass him, j
but on the contrary stimulate him. He !
was interrupted by questions several
times to-night and replied so readily
and courteously that he gained the
commendation of- his hearers. He was
constrained to- abridge his speech in]
order to allow time for General Barnes
to speak.
The introduction of General W. H. L,. j
Barnes was. the signal for a storm of ■
applause long continued. U. 8. Grant
presented, the matchless orator with fe- :
lk-ity of expression. He referred to the :
general as the genius of Oratory who j
deserved at the hands of the Republi
can party anything he should ask.
General Barnes spoke for an hour .
and a half, holding the audierce by the
charm of his eloquence. The telling
points — and there were many — were re
ceived with cheers. The audience, in- j
teMgent and alert, quickly caught the I
meaning and spirit of his remarks be- [
fore the conclusion of a sentence.
Ral i began to descend In showers as
the general was speaking, but hie hear
ers were so deeply Interested that they
remained, eager to hear every word of i
his masterly appeal to the patriotism j
and intelligence of the masses. Ma- |
gulre received from the to vnerai what ;
the Little -Giant has long deserved — a I
scorching g..0il roast for his anarch- !
istic, nihilistic, socialistic, single tax j
and demagogic utterances. In the
Course Of his speech he said:
It is not agreeable to me to force my !
personality or my individual affairs upon J
the notice of the pub- !
lie. but inasmuch as
Mr. Maguire has since !
the commencement of !
his campaign persist
ently dragged roe into
his alleged debates of
public questions and
represents me as be-
Replies
to
Falsehoods.
iKHiHHaMiMi | Ing now encased in
doing the bidding of
the Southern Pacific Company, and as one i
who has do other nreans of subsistence, i
and claims that when I put up my peti
tion to be given this day my daily bread,
1 address myself to Mr. Huntington, and
.not to the great Bread Utver, I venture
to make a few observations before pro- '
ceeding to the discussion of questions
which really should occupy the attention ,
of every man who enters upon the public
discussion of public i issues. The entire j
basis of Mr. Maguire's assault upon me
is found in the fart that I have accepted
retainers in litigated cases, and have ap- '
peared in the courts of this State on be- ■
half of the Southern Pacific Company.
For a number of years I have bgen in
the employ of this company in a profes- I
sional way. but. as the company knows
and as everybody else who knows me is
aware, my retainer has always stopped i
at the Courthouse door. I have never i
been in politics with the company nor for '
the company. If, as Magufre says, it at- I
tempts to or does dominate the Repub
lican party, I know nothing of the fact.
I have never been In its political confi
dence If it haa any to award. I have never
discussed a political question or a poli
tician with any officer of the company,
and. so far as public matters are con
cerned, I am as free as any other cit
izen lof this State. .
Nobody knows this better than James
Q. Maguire. . I have enjoyed more or
less his acquaintance « for the last nine
teen years, and have watched his polit- !
ical antics- with considerable interest. If
he was not a sand-lotter, ■ one of those
disturbers of the public peace, who in
tho latter part of the seventies, gave the
police of San Francisco bo much to do,
he was politically - born upon the sand
lot at about the same time when the in.
famous Isaac Kalloch became Mayor of
San Francisco.: . . ■■
Ever since then he has been either In
public office or busy seeking to obtain
onu. He has been an Assemblyman, a
Judge, a Congressman, and, in the Inter
vals «if his omce-holding career, has been
engaged in the precarious practice of his j
profession. He knows all about my in- !
comu, but I know nothing- more 0 his i
than that as an alleged public servant of '
one kind or another he has drawn from !
the public treasury a sum approximating
SGO.OOO. although pretending to be- a mem
ber of a party whose avowed principle is
• that public salaries shall » correspond with !
the price of labor and its products. Dur- '
ing all his public career I have never I
heardjof his initiating any movement to
reduce his own salary, whether as As
semblyman, Judge or Congressman, and i
he is now in full cry after an office whose
compensation is SCOW a year.
He goes before the Populists claiming i
to be with them heart and soul, assuring i
them that he will faithfully and earnestly
devote himself to the accomplishment of
the purposes of the Popullsta as declared
in their National and State platform*. '
He declares that he is in favor of irre- I
deemable national money to be Issued '
by the general Government only as a
full • legal tender for public nnd private
debts, which said irrodenv>able national !
money is to be fairly disbursed by the i
Government of the people.
What this lawful distribution may im
ply may perhaps be bettor understood by
rrinV; to an : earlier nlatform '• of the
national Populists , in which It % was de
manded that the Government should issue
to the people for tnelr use Irredeemable |
paper money without consideration, in an
amount eqnal to tho sum of $60 per capita
to every man. woman and child in the
United States.
Maguire ia In favor of the free coinage
of silver at tlio ratio of 18 to 1. without the
concurrence or aid of any foreign power,
though he knows that free and unlimited
coinage of silver at this ratio now simply
means that a quantity of silver bullion
may be taken to the mints of 1 the United
! States and that the owner thereof shajl
receive therefor as many United States
standard silver legal tender dollars as
can be coined from that bullion.
In other words, he intends that the
United States mint shall {five $12,929 in
United States standard silver legal tender
dollars in exchange for 10,000 ounces of
silver bullion worth only $6000 at the
standard of to-day. It means that a man
may exchange 1000 Mexican dollars
! worth to-day |460, for $1000 in money of
I the United States. The United States mint
shall give to the holder of the Mexican
dollars $1000 in United States standard
legal silver dollars, which under our pres
ent system arc worth that amount in
gold. He is in favor, as I say, of irre
deemable national money ta be issued in
such sums as shall largely increase. the
volume of the circulating medium.
It was as the apostles of this doctrine
that the Democrats, including Mr. Ma
! quire, attempted, in the Kifty-lifth Con- |
press, the substitution of an issue of $150,
000.000 in greenbacks in the place of bonds
foj that amount bearing 3 per cent inter
est, as proposed by the Republicans. It
was in pursuance of 'this same idea that
the Populists have demanded that there
shall be no further issue of United States
interest bearing bonds.
Mr. Maguire and those who are with
him in this insane proposition know per
fectly well that nowhere In the world is |
money loaned without compensation to
the lender, more or less reasonable ac
cording to circumstances, and that if non
interest bearing bonds could be put out
by the Government to run, say, twenty j
years, they could be said in the market i
only at such a discount as would make
thoir face at maturity equal to principal
and inter*--' at such a rale as other Inter
est-bearing bonds may bear.
Mr. Maguire. and those who were with
him in this scheme to issue $150,000,000 ir
redeemable greenbacks, knew penectly |
well that such an lsaue would be subject i
to a similar discount, and, indeed, to a p
very much greater depreciation. t The !
non-interest bearing bonds might be paid
at some fixed period. Irredeemable green
backs are never to be ransomed by tho
Government either in gold or silver, but j
are to be replaced as long, as the Gov- ,
ernment can get hold of paper and main
tain a printing press.
This country has had enough of such
crazy propositions. And it is fortunate j
for the nation and for its financial repu- I
tation at home and abroad that Mr. Ma
quire and his allies failed in their efforts i
to create the impression- that the issue of :
greenbacks was vastly preferable to an
issue of bonds, because the greenbacks ;
created a non-interest-bearing debt, j
while bonds would draw 3 per cent. It |
would #eem impossible to make them un- i
derstand the fallacy of the argument j
upon which this fragment of the Popu- ;
list's crazy-quilt is made.
Experience is said to be the only school
which will teach a fool, but even ex
perience has failed to be instructive to
a Maguire.
We have learned that paper, no matter
what is printed on it,*hat> no intrinsic
value, and that the |
worth of paper money
must depend upon the '■
power of the Govern
ment to keep It at par i
with the best money
of the world, which
was gold during tho :
civil war. and is gold
to-day. No one but
these, people fails to
Fluctuation
of the
Greenback.
remember that the legal tender notes of j
the United States from the time their ie- !
sue commenced in IS<>2 down to January,
1579, when specie payments were resumed,
underwent tremendous fluctuation which
injured commerce, made business difficult I
and dangerous find produced endless can- <
fusion in all the linancial relations of the
citizens of the I'nited States with each !
other. Nobody but a greenbacker will
fail to remember that In 1564 these notes
fell in value to 49.2— that is to say, that
every bushel of grain, and every ton of :
hay. that every article manufactured, that
all service and labor rendered, involved a \
sacrifice at that rate of 51 cents on every
dollar due.
From ISGS to 1869 greenbacks fluctuated
from 63 cents to 75 cents, in the year 1870 —
the year in which the Franco-Prussian
war broke out— they rose to 87 cents, fell
again in 1873, rose to 89 in 1874. and
dropped again to 87 cents In 1.575. At this
time agitation began in favor of the re
sumption of specie payments, a Republi
can measure initiated and carried through
l:y the Republican party, and, under the
stimulus vt this hope, greenbacks as
sured of redemption after gradual yearly |
advancement went to par when specie
payments were resumed.
Does any man having property, or ex
pecting to have property, desire a re
newal of such conditions?
In fact, no sensible or reasonable per
son does, but Mr. Maguire, with his hair
full of fictitious hay seeds, and his ears ;
adorned with Imitation straw, goes
through the country standing upon a
platform and shouting for a condition
of things which he knows would be ab
solutely ruinous to the bent prospects of
the country. He is in favor of depriv
ing his fellow citizens of the right to
make contracts for the payment of money
in whatever coin the debtor and creditor
may select. He is in favor of having
the* Government borrow gold and repay
its debt in depreciated silver. He is in
favor of an Income tax as a meant* of
public revenue, although it has been de
cided by the Supreme Court of the I'nited
States that such a tax i« unconstitutional.
He is In favor of the Government owner
ship of all railroads and telegraphs, and,
more than all, he is in favor of the Gov
ernment taking possession by some
method of all lands which are held by
the citizens of the United States In ex
cess of the actual present needs of the
owner thereof.
And here is where the single tax is ex
pected to play Its part. Of this fallacious,
dangerous and socialistic dogma Mr. Ma
guire has been an advocate to the utmost
of his ability.
Not later than November 6th. 1896. in a
communication .o the Examiner news
paper, he declared that the land question
was coming and was then near at hand,
and that the single tax idea had largely
and generally taken hold of the popular
heart. He declared that already the sin
gle taxers demanded that practical efforts
ne commenced Immediately to force the
issue into politics in California. He made
the following statement:
"The Legislature will be asked at its next
session to submit to the voters a constitu
tional amendment remitting the whole
question of taxation for State, county and
municipal purposes to the Legislature as
a first step toward the single tax. The
moment that amendment is submitted the
battle will be on in earnest."
And I here call your attention to
amendment No. 2, being Senate constitu
tional amendment No. 10, providing for
the framing of local county government
acts by inhabitants of counties for their
government, and providing that each
county and municipality may determine
the method and mode of taxation for
county and municipal purposes.
This proposed amendment to the con
stitution Is now before the people, and,
with Mr. Maifuire as Governor of the
State of California, this single tax bat
tle will Indeed be on In earnest. In this
same communication he declares that
every human being has a natural rela
tion to the land, the common heritage
of all mankind, from the immediate gift
of the Creator, which no common law
can or ever could rightfully cut off by
any form or system or land tenure!'
. He denies that the ownership of land
has ever added the value of a farthing to
the world's wealth, or a joy to the user's
siock of happiness; that, it is a sonHd and
extortionate system which compels the
masses of God's children to pay tribute to
a few for the privilege of inhabiting
God's earth. And ».e allowed that this
only scientific and effective remedy fpr
what he calls land monopoly was ul« sin
gle tax.
This single tax dogma is commonly
undersiood to mean that the burden of
taxation for national, State and county
and municipal purposes shall fall upon
the land alone; that personal property of
all kind, stocks, bonds, money, buildings
of all kindH in cities and In the country,
shall go free of taxation; that the great
railway corporations shall he taxed only
upon their right-of-way, leaving fran
chises.' depots, shops, machinery and roll
ing stock free of any charge or burden
Whatever which may aid to support the j
cost of government.
It would naturally s.-em that a dogma
so absurd as this would furnish its own
answer. And no it aoes from every eco
nomic point of view. The real object of
the single tax Is not to place the burden
of taxation where It properly belongs
upon all property of all kinds 'and wher
ever, situated, but to so burden land that
its owner cannot afford to hold any more
than is absolutely necessary for his im
mediate personal needs while living and
for his prrave when dead, and thnt the
balance of his present holdings shall go j
Into the public treasury whence the
usufruct of the land shall be given out
to the people according to the Govern
ment's comprehension of the necessities
of the people. If this Is not socialism
of the most advanced and pernicious kind
no man knows what socialism ie.
Let It bo adopted, and no man shall own
his farm, his city lot, his place of sum
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1898.
mer recreation or the grave in which he
shall ultimately rest. It Is a principle
which prevents Investments, retards de- (
velopment and brings about at last that
confusion In property and destruction of
values which is the glory of anarchism,
and would be the pride of that IJemocracy
of Euro))© tt> which Mr. Magutre so
proudly alluded In his speech In Congress
on the 27th of January, 1*97. in which
he declared that the exclusion of
anarchists, socialists and nihilists frpm
the United States was not desirable, and
that they were generally educated men,
many of them holding university degrees,
whose offense consisted of resistance to
tyranny, which in the conditions under
which they lived was obedience to God.
Who are the nihilists? "They are the
Democrats of Russia who are struggling
against almost hopeless conditions to es
tablish the natural and inalienable rights-;
of man in that country as against the
tyranny and false pretense of divine right
on the part of the Czar."
If James G. Maguire had uttered no I
other sentiment destructive of the rights I
of property and the public tranquillty .
than these* he would be unfit to hold the;
office of Governor, or any other office in ;
the gift of the people of the State of Call- |
fornia. He Insolently asks: "Who are the
nihilists?" I will answer.
They are the men who murdered the
Emperor of Russia, the men who mur
dered Carnot, the President of the French
Republic; they are the men who threw
from the gallery into the pit of a Bar
ct-lona theater a dynamite bomb which
destroyed 1 know not how many inno
cent human lives; they are the men who i
cast the dynamite bombs into the crowded i
Haymarket Square of Chicago; they are j
the men ot whom one stabbed In the i
back an aged woman sojourning in Swlt- i
zerland. a human being whose life had I
been full of charity and good works, who
loved her people and who was loved by
them— simply and only because she was i
the wife of Francis Joseph of Austria.
These Wretches, no one of whom as far
as has been detected was a gentleman
holding a university degree, were mainly
criminals under the ban of Justice and ;
set king by murder to reduce all mankind
and all property to one common level of j
misery and horror. There is not a den i
of these scoundrels existing to-day in ;
TEurope in which James G. Maguire would j
not be an honored guest and to which he I
would not be elected, upon the reading of
this certificate, to honorary membership. ,
There Is not an anarchist or nihilist In
Europe who, seeking refuge from merit- i
ed justice and searching for some quar
ter of the globe where he would be im- !
mune, on reading this declaration of
James G. Maguire, if Maguire were after
ward Governor of California, would not j
turn his face hitherward and come to him i
sure of protection and immunity, no j
matter what crime he might commit in \
the nume of nihilism against good order,
law, government and properi--
Elect Maguire Governor and you place
him at the head of the list of villainous j
demagogues who have disgraced public j
office in the United States, and In the j
front ranks of which have hitherto :
marched Waite, Pennoyer, Weaver, Alt- :
geld, Leedy, Tillman and Debs.
California wants no Governor who is
crazy or foolish enough to avow sym
pathy for this dastardly and cowardly
Class of criminals. It will elect no man j
Governor of the State who would have
it in his power to pardon the cowardly
class of crimes of such assassins and
make the golden State at least
during his term of office a- safe harbor
of refuge for them. It will have for Gov
ernor no man to whom the club of Denis
Kearney has descended as a scepter
of right, and who will make California
as hot for people who have money to In
vest or who have money to keep as <
Kearney ever sought to make it.
The inauguration of such a Governor,
the whirling maze of sand-lottf-rs, single
taxers. Populists, Coxeyites and social
ists, bellowing for all sorts of financial
and social heresies would terrify every
man necking investment in this Slate and
drive every one otherwise seeking to Im
prove and develop Its resources to some '
portion of our blessed land where Ma- i
euire and Magufreism are happily un- j
known.
The peroration was beautiful and im- '
pressive. Men and women of the vast
assemblage as they wended their way
to their homes talked of General
Barnes' great speech and predicted a
great Republican triumph. To-mor- j
row night Gage and Barnes will ad- !
dress the people of Santa Ana.
HUMBOLDT REPUBLICANS.
Hold a Big Bally and Organize a
Oage Club. ,
EUREKA, Cal., Sept. 25.— The Republi
cans opened their campaign this evening
at Rubs Hall, where an enthusiastic rally
wm held, and the Henry T. Gage Repub- |
lican Club of Humboldt County organ
ized with 300 members. Ringing speeches
were made by J. P. Monroe and T. H.
Selvage, prominent Republican orators,
arraigning Maguire and commending Me-
Kinley, advocating Republican principles
and ask.ng for the support of the Gage- ;
Neff ticket. Selvage said the election of»
Maguire would be equivalent to slapping
McKinley in the face, as Maguire was one
of McKlnley's worst enemies in Con- j
gress.
A drill corps will be organieed to-mor- !
row night, and a lively campaign vfill
be carried on. Gage will speak in this
county during the campaign.
Ornisby County Nominees.
CARSON CITY, Sept. 2«.— There was no
opposition to the following ticket at the
Republican County Convention to-day:
Senator. George H. Mills; Assemblymen-
Augustus Cults, Ed T. Dupuls, H. B. Van
eatten; Sheriff. Gilbert Briggs; Clerk and
Treasurer, George Tyrrell; Auditor and
Recorder. Charles Peters; District Attor
ney. Samuel Platt; long term Commis
sioner. J. P. Woo-oury; short term
Commissioner, Robert Grlmmon; Justice
of the Peace, W. Goodman; Constable,
W. H. Christler.
Trinity's Republican Ticket.
WEAVERVILLE, Sept. 26.— The Re
publican County Convention which met
here to-day nominated the following tick
et: Sheriff, A. J. Van Mat re; County
Clerk and Recorder, worge R. Wallace;
Assessor. E. L. Newman; Treasurer, A.
J. Davidson: Superintendent of Schools,
Lizzie H. Fox; Coroner and Public Ad
ministrator, Dr. G. K. Osbourne; Dis
trict Attorney, D. J. Hall; Supervisor
First District, J. Boyce; Supervisor
Fourth District, G. W. Yocum.
Walk-Over for Republicans.
SUISUN, Sept. 26.— The Democratic
Central Committee of Solano County met
In Suisun to-day. Raleigh Barcar of
Vacaville was elected chairman, H. K.
White of Benlcia secretary and J. A.
Lamont of Vallejo treasurer. John Ryan
of Benicia was chosen as the nominee
for Supervisor in the Third District.
Other vacancies, including Clerk, Auditor
and Surveyor, were not filled "and the Re
publican nominees for same offices will
nave no opposition.
NEW YORK DEMOCRATIC
STATE CONVENTION
Delegates Gathering at Syracuse and
Gubernatorial Booms Are
Launched.
SYRACUSE. Sept. 26.— Many of the 450
delegates to the Democratic State Con
vention on Wednesday, are here to-night.
Each candidate for a place upon the
State ticket is well represented. Among
the first upon the ground was the Erie
County delegation, and the .gubernatorial
boom of Justice Robert C. Titus was
among the earliest to be launched here
Mayor James K. McGuire's friends are
nuturally numerous and enthusiastic in
his home town.
All the Tammany delegation have not
yet arrived, but there are a sufficient
number here to keep the talk of Mayor
Van Wyck's candidacy before the pub
lic. His chances, however, received a
set back to-night when members of tho
Erie County delegation announced that
Mr. Croker had stated to them that the
candidate for Governor would not be
named from territory south of Albany
Mr. Croker has stated from the be
ginning that Tammany Hall hud not, and
would not, have a candidate for a nosi
tion on the State ticket.
Sage Must Pay the Tax.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.-Russe|l Sa«re
has had a controversy with the Collector
of Internal Revenue at New York relative
to the instruments of writing used by
brokers and known as "puts," "calls" and
"spreads." Sage appealed to the Com
missioner of Internal Revenue, who na«
decided against him. and rules that the
papers referred to are taxable at the rate
of 2 cents for each $100 or fraction thereof
of the amount.
.. .. » ♦ ■ i ■ .. ■
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money If It fall* to cure.
26c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
HOTEL VEIDOME
VISITED BY FIRE
Rear Wing of the Struc
ture Collapses.
ONE LIFE PROBABLY LOST
FIREMAN MARK McDERMOTT
MISSING.
Guests Escape From the Burning
. Building Without Injury, Sav
ing Most of Their Personal
Effects.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 26.— 0n1y a mtracle
saved the Hotel Vendome from total de
struction by fire to-night. As it was, the
rear wing of the hotel burned .two stories
down and then collapsed. The 1o;>b is
estimated at between ?40,000 and 150,000;
fully Insured. There were about 100
guests In the hotel at the time, but none
were, injured and nearly all saved their
personal effects.
There was great excitement among the
guests, but nil had time to dress before
leaving the building. Considerable tur
nlture and bedding in the hotel was car
ried out.
President McDonald said the loss would
reach nearly $00,000. The structure w-11
be rebuilt at once.
Tl:e north and south winsrs of the hotel
were not damaged, but the main part
was thoroughly soaked with water Tho
v.ing destroyed was four storljS high and
contained the kitchen, dining rooms an 1
rotate for help. About twenty quests
al^o lived in this portion.
When the wing of the hotel collapsed
four firemen who were In the main build
ing fighting the flames where the wing
adjoins, were dragged down in the wreck.
Miles McDermott of Eureka Company is
believed to be dead, as he has not been
heard- of.
Dick Williamson of Torrent Company
is pinned beneath a heavy beam. At 2
o'clock his head was uncovered and he
was alive. He Is badly injured, but It
will be some time before he is taken out.
James Nagle and Edward Hultz were
on the third floor, and fell on top of the
debris. Nagle was badly burned about
the legs and arms and Hultz injured
about the head by striking timbers.
Fred Hambly, Paul Farrer, Frank
Ilogan, P. GUleran, George Welch and
Jack Doyle saved themselves by cling
ing to the hose and swinging back Into
the main building.
NORTHERN PACIFIC'S
GENERAL CREDITORS
In Addition to Owning the Road, a
"■, Vast Sum Is Found to Be
Due Them.
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 2C— Special Mas
ter Cary has filed a decision in the United
States' Court of great importance to the
general creditors of the Northern Pacific !
Railroad Company. Master Cary finds j
that there is due the Creditors' Company, !
although it has succeeded in acquiring i
the entire property of the Northern Pa- •
cifie, the enormous sum •> of $86,292,681 -78;
With interem from September 1. This may '
be added to At further « sum which will '
become due January l,:1902, amounting to '
The only tangible assets of the North- '
crn Pacific Company that remain are the j
lands east of the Missouri River inNorth '
Dakota and Minnesota. There are nearly
four million acres, but there is a great
deal of litigation to be settled first with
reference to taxes that have not been
paid and the holders of tax certificates
to settle with. These lands are In the
possession of Receivers Bigelow and Mc-
Henry and are valued at not more than
$18,000,000.
The decision, if upheld, will give the
company about 90 per cent of the pro
ceeds from the sale of the lands, with 10
per cent to the other general creditors.
SMALLPOX AMONG
AMERICAN TROOPS
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MAI.ILA, Sept. 25 (delayed In trans
mission).— are five mild cases of
i smallpox among the American troops.
i The men have been isolated and sur
geons do not fear any spread of the
| disease.
Payson Caldwell of the Thirteenth
Minnesota ReLiment, a well-known so
ciety man of Minneapolis, died sud
denly on Saturday of perforation of the
intestines rons quent upon an acute at
tack of dysentery.
« ■■•
FIERCE FIGHTING IN
FRENCH WEST AFRICA
Army of Sofas Defeated by Soudan
ese Sharpshooters in the
' French Service.
PARIB, Sept. 2(i.-»-An official dispatch
from St. Louis, Senegal, French West
Africa, says a force of Soudanese sharp
shooters in the French service, com
manded by Lieutenant Woolfel, has de
feated an army of Sofas, under one of
Samory's chiefs, capturing 6000 men and
seizing 300 Gras rifles and quantities of
ammunition. It is added that the French
had one sharpshooter wounded.
;... . mr- . ■
CRAMPED BY LOANS ON
WESTERN MORTGAGES
Appointment ot a Receiver for the
New England Loan and Trust
Company.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— 0tt0 T. Bannard
of 30 Broadway was to-day appointed re
ceiver of the New England Loan and
Trust Company by Judge Shlpman of the
United States Circuit Court, on a surf
brought by the Real Estate Trust Com
pany- of Philadelphia, and Sabllllon Allen
or St. Albans, Vt. '
Tho company was a larse lender of
money of Western mortgages.
DEADLY CYCLONE AT
MERRITON, ONTARIO
ST. CATHERINES, Ontario, Sept. 28.—
A cyclone struck Merrlton, ton miles from
this city, with terrible violence this after
noon, killing three persons and Injuring
many. The dead are: Clara O'Neill, em
ployed in the Lincoln Paper Mills; Mrs
John Blckley and Frank Moffatt.
Fortuguese Republicans Meet.
SAN LEANDRO. Sept. 26.— The Portu
guese McKinley Republican Club of San
Leandro met Saturday evening. After
transacting the usual business the club
passed a resolution to Indorse the Repub
lican State candidates for office and vie-
The Growth of Socialism.
It In anrtaed by deep thinkers that the growth
of snciallem i.« due» to the large standing armies
of the world, in which men are often made to
enlist agralnst their will, and thus become dis
contented with existing conditions. The growth
of a stronger race of people Is due to the large
sale of Hoßtetter's Stomach Bitters, which ts
the best medicine for costlveness, drepepsla,
fever, ague and all nervous troubles. Try one
bottle.
tor H. Metcalf for Congress, county can
didates being left over for another meet-
Ing. The club has a roll of over lud mem
bers.
ALL CALIFORNIA
GETS A WETTING
Rainfall of the Past Tnree Days
General Throughout the
State.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 26.— The rainfall last
night amounted to .26 of an inch, a total
for the storm of 1.33 inches.
TRACY, Sept.-26.-The flr?t rain of the
season visittd Tracy about 11 o'clock last
night, several showers filling between
that hour and morn..ig.
STOCKTON, Sept. 26.— it began rain
ing hard here shortly after 2 o'clock to
day with no sign of a let-up.
BAKERPFIELD, Sept. 26.— Rain began
falling yesterday afternoon and continued
all night and most of to-day. The gauge
shows the precipitation to have been .96
of an inch. y
PORTERVILLE. Sept. 2ti.-The first
rain for this season commenced to fall
Sunday afternoon and continued steadily
until i p. m. to-day, the total precipitation
for the storm amounting to 2.1U inches,
the heaviest for any one storm since 1592.
TUBA CITY, Sept. 26.— The iirst rain
of the season fell last night amounting
to .41 of an inch.
TULARE. Sept. 26.— Almost four inches
of rain has fallen In the last twenty-four
hours.
SAN MIGUEL, Sept. 26.— as a result of
the rainfall last evening and to-day the
farmers arc beginning to feel hopeful at
the cessation of the drought.
VISALIA, Sept. 28.— The first rain of the
season commenced falling last evening,
and continued until to-day noon. The fall
was 3.5 i inches, the heaviest in the his
tory of the county.
MILTON, Sept. 26.— Rain fell here last
night to the depth of .48 of an inch.
WOODLAND, Sept. 26.— 1t has been
raining here at intervals since Saturday
evening.
BRINGS MANY MINERS,
BUT LITTLE GOLD DUST
! Steamer Fulton Arrives at Port Town
send From Alaska — New Strikes
and Disasters.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., Sept. 26.—
i The steam schooner Fulton arrived to
' night, fourteen days from St. Michael,
| Having encountered several severe gales
during the voyage. She I rought fifty
i nine miners from nearly every mining
I district in Alaska, and among the crowd,
according to the statement of the purser,
; there is only between $80,000 and $100,000
in gold dust.
Among the passengers were John Em
erson of Minnesota and Charles Daniels
jof Honolulu, who left Kotzebue Sound
i August 23. They have prospected nearly
| every stream emptying Into the sound,
' but found nothing beyond small colors.
They heard nothing of the reported strike
on the Kowak River. About 1500 men
were on the beach awaiting an opportun-
I ity to return south. All the business
: houses which opened there to catch the
: trade of the miners had their goods
1 packed ready for shipment to some other
1 point.
Seventeen prospectors are known to
have been drowned during the season at
Bottom Inlet. Many others are missing.
They are supposed to have lost their
; lives in attempting to ascend the small
rivers.
RESPONSE TO GOMEZ'
APPEAL FOR FOOD
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— A Washington
\ special to the Herald pays: When asked
: to-day what action would be taken by this
r Government "upon the appeal sent out for
, food by Cuban General Gomez, Acting
I Secretary Meiklejohn said to me that the
i landing of the stores of the Comal was a
reply to that appeal. It is expected that
the Comal will begin by to-morrow un
j loading her stores at Matanzaa, and this
; cargo will be followed by others as neces
j slty develops. I was to-day "Informed by
| a high official that no food would be dis
tributed to men under arms, so that the
force under Gomez must disband before
receiving supplies. This Government was
at flrßt firm in its refusal to allow food
•to be distributed to Cubans otherwise
i than under direction of American officers
as provided by an act of Congress.
NEW REBELLION BREAKS
OUT IN SAN DOMINGO
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1808, by James Gor
don Bennett.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Haytl, Sept. 2G.-Re
port has reached here of a new uprising
in San Domingo, led by Miguel Picardo.
I acting Governor of Monte Cristi to which
: point troops were recently sent by the
I Government. A battle is said to have
I occurred near Monte Cristi yesterday
Darby Admitted to Bail.
FRESNO. Sept. 26.— Frank Darby, ac
cused of killing Louis Boldlni. whose trial
occupied the Superior Court all last week
at the end of which the jury failed to
agree, asked this morning to be admitted
to bail. Judge Webb granted the request
fixing the bond at $5000. The Judge stated'
from the bench that the bond must be as
good as cash before ho will accept it
Drowned at Mare Island.
VALLEJO, Sept. 26.— Louis A. Hottin
ger, an apprentice on the Pensacola, was
drowned alongside the ship last evening
He was returning to the vessel from a
boat and missed his foothold on the
swinging boom falling into the water. A
strong flood tide was running and he was
lost to sight in a few moments.
Pool-Seller Convicted.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 26.— 1n the City
Justice's Court to-day Frank A. Daroux
was found guilty of conducting a pool
room and selling pools on the California
Jockey Club races. He was fined $50. The
case will be carried to a higher court.
Killed by a Fall.
SEATTLE, Sept. 26.— John McGregor, a
sailor, either fell or was pushed out of a
second-story window last night and in
0 ADVERTISEMENTS. F
[MiEmPEsM
• . ■■ • -— — _ .—. — „ — _ -;
We offer this as a great leader to city and country patrons everywhere
There are many good reasons why you should buy one, even if you have •
made up your mind that you can afford a $10 wrap this winter. Shall we
give you Borne of these reasons? Well we wiir when you come in or send
to look at the capes. \ :
OTHER LEADERS, FAST FOR CASH.
Dinner Pall Lard,. *1.e15ewhere,W1t)8.... ...,75c Ladies'. Capes, cloth, fur on collar Jinn
Dupee Hams, you've known thenv 2o years.. lie r-*idies|r -*idies| Wool Underwear, gray stout" each *f m
Candles. .10-ounce Eloctrtc Candles, set of 6.. 5 c ladies' Winter Underwear, gray,, not wool
Mane Saddle, a good $6 50 0ne...... ...... $3 75 r .* M*n ■'• * *tsKi"i 'Vw '."' i.\ 25c, 60c
Lawn Mowers, few left, «0 kind. ...|1 95 mocking Yarn foTwinTLr °i!l^ ack ' "tont—Ke
Bam 'tor Coal OH Stove. japanned :.......,. 25c Zephyr, all color/ 4 fold - 7 fo?'"* ™--g°
Fish Baskets. $1 25 kind, moving 510w1y. ...75c Saxony, the cheap kind per hank """""•• «
Sponges for school slates,-12 f0r.... ...... .....6c Hand Satchels, CO kinds, cut rates !'"""B0e"mJ
Acme Cream. *1 size, closing.. ....:...;...25c Ladles' Wrappers, dark stylish wintpr"«^ P
Flea Chaser^ uped to l,e 2 bit 5............. 15c Tennis Flannel Wrappers, "flank : pretty if 1, 2 ?
Indi\ldual Teapots, pretty as can be..;. ......15c Calico, dark or light 25 yards pr9lty '* l •} 2»
Chest Protectors, not the very 1arge5t:. ...... 25c | Scrim, nice for curtains, 20 yanis^ \Z
Colgate., Shaving Stick, try.lt once^..... ...6c j Sewing Machines *fis kind snlnr now'"
A « Snuare Clothes Homper. ; $1 00 i Men's. Suits of; dalifornla wool c^sslmer'" fTo
Pumpernickel for enmp . us,., try 1t. .......... 5c i Heavy Klondike Coats, fur lined ■ 83 no
Oent'H New Ulcycle. enn be recommended;. s2l> Mackinaw Coats, M 50, slue 36 87 38""""ii Si
Klondike Folding Stoves; $fi, 2 1eft..'..:...H 50 Moccasins or $8 Alaska footwear """ii nn
Klondike Snowshoes, |7 kind, 2 pair. left.. 00 I Sleeping .Robes or beds, lis.rel^r'nowiJJ 50
Goods Sent Free Across the Bay to Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley,
■ ' ■' ■■ ■■■■ ' ■ ' '•■- ■■■■„"". ."' - ' ' ■ ■" ; \ ■ -''. : . : . ■■■ ■ '..'.■'. . '.." ■.
That is bad for us, but good for those who VBHk fe^STtf] «£ iS 'ffi T^Sk *
c"i them and save money on each purchase. j|y\ fcjwJiW |j " M JSTaI nHcl%.
Black LTaffeta Qloves, j-blt kind.......,..,...10c ■ ■ S SB! . : p mi :BB '^JB? ::■
Full line Beat Ktd Gloves made.. ...... ......H 00 f* /B H j^aK AnR I *^
Machine Cotton, black, fine numbers. do»en..2oc %& rtjl ■" ~T~ I 1 LJ? M"
Blood's Needlei, 5e papers, fine........,..;;;. . 10 , .;' :■ V vT:"Tr^-v\ » *^^ 8 i r^ ■»»
Colored Tie Yarn for fancy work, 3 C0r..'.:..100. nmg Ot'iHo-I^* cr^. ■ C rr
Trimmed Hats, not' over 20 1eft...., ,. 50a. 1100 340-27 market Ot O. F.
stantly killed. He fell a distance of twen
ty-four feet and struck the sidewalk head
first.
SANTA BARBARA
CONFERENCE ENDS
After the Announcement of Appoint
ments Delegates Depart for
Their Homes.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 26.— Tfie final
clay's session of the Methodist Episcopal
Conference of Southern California cn-me
to a close this afternoon at 3 o'clock, af
! ter the reading of the appointments by
I Bishop John Hurst. The Bishop in his
| final address spoke in the highest praise
! of the eoTrference and said that it Had
been one of the mdst successful he had
ever attended.
The conference opened this morning |
with devotional services conducted by
Evangelist Charles N. Crittonton. The |
entire morniiiß was taken- up with con- |
ference business and tinal reports from j
the different committees. A great many ;
delegates boarded this afternoon's train
for iheir homes. Bishop Hurst will re- :
main in Santa Barbara for a short visit.
He has been collecting curios and old !
! California relics for the museum of the.
American University at Washington.
D. C.
Among the conference appointments to
day were the following:
i Fresno District— Presiding Elder, T. Q. Mil- !
i ler; Arroyo Grande, T\'. R. Bell; Bakerffieid,
| J. M. Rich; EPtrella, P. A. Siller: Flllmore, .
! A. B. Emree; Fresno, A. Graves; Goleta, ('. .
1 W. 8towell; Orangerille, J. A. McMillan; Han
ford. C. A. Miller: Hueneme. A. M. Osborne;
Kern, Stephen GascoiKne; Kernvllle, J. .C. ,
Livingstone; Lompoe. J. C. Elliott; I.h'9 Alamos,
J. H. Henry; Piru, R A. Johnson: Retedley ami
Traver, William Dunwoodle; Sr.nger ami
Easton, G. E. Foster; San Luis Obispo, ,T. M. i
! HilbiFh: Santa Barbara. C. A. Westenben,'; ;
i Panta Paula, Frederick Miller: San Miguel,
I Alfred Ramey; Santa Maria and Nipomo, '9.
S. Sampson; Selma. S. R Wooiport; Tehachapi, ,
C. H. Wonley; Tulare, S. H. Enyert; Ventura, I
E. H. Chase; Vlsalla. J. H. Avery; Joagulna
nnd I,nkeside. H. N. Baker; West Satlcoy and j
Mental vo, F. W. Johnson; Edward Thompson, I
secretary Bible Society.
— ■••-
SIR ARTHUR CURTIS
COMMITTED SUICIDE
Story Told by a Member of His Party
Just Back From the Ash
croft Trail.
VANCOUVER, Sept. 26.— Sir Arthur
Curtis, the English Baronet who disap
peared mysteriously from the Ashcroft
trail last spring, undoubtedly committed
suicide. This is the statement made by
Ambrose Atwood, a member of the un
fortunate nobleman's ill-starred expedi
tion to the Klondike. Atwood reached
here from Port Simpson on the steamship
Horsa, after encountering untold suffer
ings on' the trail. His story differs
in many respects from that told by
Roger Pocock several months ago.
Atwood says that after Quenselle was
passed the party quarreled frequently.
\ Disaster after disaster followed them,
their horses being lost and their outfits
ruined by rain. The quarrels drove Sir
Arthur to distraction, and daily he be
came more despondent.
At Mad River, which borders a dense,
trackless forest, which runs hundreds of
miles to the barren lands of the great
northwest, final disaster overtook the
party, and they quarreled more fiercely
than ever. One morning after the horses
had strayed into the wood and while sev
eral in camp were engaged in an alterca
tion. Sir Arthur, looKing like a mad
man, rushed out of his tent, crying:
"For God's Bake, men, don't act like
I children."
He then got Into a quarrel with a
brother Englishman and they almost
came to blows.
"I'll end it all," he was heard to say,
but no one paid any attention to the re
mark.
After a while he calmed down, and,
lighting his pipe, said he would look for
the horses. He walked into the forest,
| and was never seen again.
"We all think now." said Atwood, "that
he carried out his threat and threw him
self into one of the dark, sluggish streams
that run through the forest. I believe the
! Indians who have been searching for his
; body know where it ip. but will not give
It up until the reward is larger. At the
present time $1000 is offered, and they
want $5000. Before I left word was received
that Sir Arthur's Kuulish relatives were
on the way out and would continue the
[ search."
i Atwood is an educated Boston man and
I tells his story simply and with a convinc
! ing air.
NEGRO LYNCHFD BY
A MOB IN TENNESSEE
I KNOXVILLE, Sept. 26.-A special to the
Sentinel from Mountain City, Term., says:
About 2 o'clock this morning a mob of
i 100 men overpowered the Johnson County
: Jailer and took John Williams, the negro
who seriously stabbed Sherman Dunn and
assaulted Mrs. Mollie Shelton in this
i county a week ago. from jail and hanged
! him to a tree about one mile back of
town. His body is still hanging, with a
large crowd standing about.
Claims He Was Defrauded.
WOODLAND, Sept. 28.— W. H. Grant of
, this city by his attorneys, Brldgeford &
! Clunle. has commenced action against J.
!F. Hink In the Superior Court of San
Francisco to recover $500 paid to the de
j fendant as the purchase price of 100
i shares of stock in the Cadmus Gold Min
ing Company. The plaintiff alleges that
the stock is worthless and that he was
imposed upon by defendant, who repre
sented that the mine was a valuable one
and that the stock wouiu soon draw a
I dividend. A great many residents of
Woodland were inaueed to Invest in this
j mine.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26. — Pensions
have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Mason Jackson
Los Angeles, $8. Increase— Robert C Ball'
San Diego, $6 to $8.
Washington: Original— George H. Da
vis, St. Andrews, $f>.
Ex-Governor Pattison Declines.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 26.—Ex-Gover
nor Robert E. Pattlson, who was nom
inated for Congress a few days ago by
the Democrats of the Sixth District to
day formally declined the nomination.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
—^ '- f . ■ rr ■ ..."."
\ •"" "N, Vanity in women Is -
/gtfr\~~^i\\ forgivable. . It ' iW
{sSbi'k \\ was Nature's in- f
/^B'=<pV \\ tention that.wo-
/*/^\\ -S^"'' 1 A \ l man should , be
/Ar, \V jl vain of her per-
C^o\^^Sy^wY 1 sonal appearance,
A /Ks»tT*"* rf\\ I and the woinao
X'ST^y^jj tl who fails of this
A Mf Xf rSI fails of her full
, /\j%]£^&' y womanhood. No
■ ■/-■*■ >lV^ rsk woman should be
' Ij :L^ ' l\ Cj&jlL satisfied to go
// iY\ )j i\^^Si tnrou the world
//■ 1* 3 1 1^5^ s^' tu a complex-
// ' l ,'jr nßjffixi^ on made hideous
tl" vl \VV^^^ by unsightly
f\\ ■ A[ l^ffiiiW'- es> pimples '■'■
■ /'J /A\ ■ fSß** an eruptions. ,
/sl «Jt ! r-J^Sm woman should
' ' til 1v \ / Wtl be satisfied to
>H .1 §s II FQU have a sallow,
->w4/- w Ur ■■■sicltly complex-
Tbe remedy for these cor.ditions does not
lie in cosmetics. Skin disease is caused by ;
impurities in the blood, and\ by nervous,
disorders due to weakness and disease of
the distinctly feminine organisji. Doctor
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery, is the '
greatest of all known blood-putiners. It
■ not only drives all impurities from the life-
' stream,- but fills it with the rich, life-giving
> elements of the food. Dr.. Pierces j-avor-
I ite Prescription acts directly on the delicate
' and important organs that bear the buidens
of wifehood and motherhood. It nukes
them pure, strong, well and vigorous. \ A.
, course of these two great medicines \nll
transform a weak, sickly, nervous, despoul-
ent woman, who suffers from unsightly |
. eruptions of the skin, into a healthy, happj,
amiable companion, with a akin that i?
Clear and wholesome. .These medicines „
are made from herbs and roots, and contain J
', no minerals of any description. They sim-
; ply assist the natural processes of assimila-
i tion, secretion and excretion. Medicine ,
{ dealers sell them. . ".'- \i \ X.- .',
It is a druggist's business to give you, not
! to tell you, what you want.
" About four years a«ro," writes Thomas Har-
ris, of Wakefield Station. Sussex Co.. Va., " my
daughter Hel-n was afflicted with eczema in -a
distressing form. Dr. Pierces medicines cured
i ■her after all other remedies had failed," ,
■ In sending for a free copy of Dr. Pierces
I Common Sen9e Medical Adviser, enclose
21 one-cent stamps, to cover mailing only,
j if a paper-covered copy' is desired, or 31
j stamps for cloth - binding: Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
D^gist CATARRH
for a generous - . , .^j^.^,., , • ■
1O CENT Bbl^/^&^SB
TRIAL SIZE.- H^ 4M BAI^
ELY'S EwoSffeSjl
CREAM BALM g^ JWM
] contains no cocaine, r-BBjfcr- i '^ ~TMM
cury or any other injurious I --'^$>«B
It opens and cleans the<s)!ffi\£>'*^ >t; '^|j
, Nasal Passages, Allays l_._ .._
! Pain and Inflammation, Ofl I [\ 1 II Tin
Heals and Protects thel I 1 linHrfll l
Membrane. ■■ UU LU ill II LHU
Kestores the Senses of
I Taste and Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Gives
relief at once. 60 cts. at Druggists or by mail-
Trial Size. 10c. at lirupcists or by rnai!. -
I ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren St., New Tork.
I
Use f^% " and
Facial Soap 5^7 Facial Cream.
' Age, Illness, Care cause Wrinkles. Derma-
i tologlst JOHN H. WOODBURY, 127 West 42d
j St., N. V., 163 State St., Chicago, has had over
| 26 years' practical experience removing Wrin-
i kles,, Crow's Feet, etc. No pain.
/7?T>K LADIES DO YOU SHOW
£ %^l\ FELIX LE BRUN'S
w" *\ Steel | Pennyroyal Treatment / .
j T Jis the original and only FRENCH.
■ / '' q cafe and reliable care on the msr- ?
•V- •" *-^rket. Price, $1.00; sent by maiL
r - ' > Genuine sold only by '
GEO. DAHLBKNDER & CO.; Bole Agfents,
214 Kearny at.',' San Francisco.
■^^S^W??KB3S>g A good Electria Belt
: i^VjßO<S&**S^ia wlll cure WITHOUT
i |^sT?>;i7^?Vtf^^^.\lEDlClNE. Buy no
1 MfiSs^J-"\^<'>l_-«S«B belt till you see "Dr.
i Wfl3?F^^f(«^K Pierces." Book free.
i^^&J^SS^P^- Call or address.
! rKESj-55?E?t3^Jvi 1 pierce electric
1 . J" - 5»Jr H CO., 620 MARKET
"* *£&ilt STREET, opp. Palace Hotel.
Mention vir Ban Francisco,
this paper. ___^____^_
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
- — OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-—OF THE
Palatine
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER, ENGLAND. ON THD
31st day of December, A. V. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to tho
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, ■ pursuant to the provisions of section! * i
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner. '
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages 160,000 00
Ca«h market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by c0mpany...:....:.. 2,215,753 00
Cash in company's office., . 3,030 9]
Cash In banks 205,193 27
Interest due and accrued on all" '
stocks and loans 13,257 SO
Interest due and accrued on bonds ■
and mortgages ■ 600 00
Premiums in due course of collection 588,(37 80
. ' Total assets ...... ....'.... .'.,. 13,873, 481
* LIABILITIES. ; . " ' '
Losses adjusted and unpaid ......... 116,701 61
Losses in process of adjustment or
' In. suspense *IMH 5
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 11,338 81
Gross premiums on flre risks run- . ;
ning one year or less, $1,709,144 (1;
reinsurance 60 per cent...... 854,571 SI
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,013,- . w
07159; reinsurance pro rata '604.675 M
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc. 1,819 7J
All other demands against the com- ; ;
pany • 116.865 64
Total liabilities ...........^.31,705,860 20
INCOME.
Net cash actually, received for lira
premiums ..............$3,040,740 24
Received for interest on bonds and . • ■ --■
mortgages ■••••••"•••,•: .-. 1,600 00
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
1 all other sources 68,517 17
Total Income $2,100,757 41
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (In- '
eluding $244,305 S6, loeses of pre-
| vlous year?)...- ..•."...:...:.:: $1,127.29» 29
i Paid or allowed for commission or -
! brokerage ...,.416.025 Bl
I Paid for salaries, fees and other
! charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 173.773
Paid for State, national and local
taxes ....•...•-••.•...;...;.. .-.....- 45,309 83
I All other payments and expenditures 98,068 41
Total expenditures $l,8«0.<80 43
Flre.
1 Losses incurred during the year.. $1,035,689 00
Risks and, Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums,
Net amount of ricks writ- -
ten during the year.. . $230,791,940 $2,496,764 6S
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 265,9<»,405 2,921,919 11
Net amount jn force D«-
cember 81, 1897.......... 245.M8.162 2,712,216 20
■ WM. WOOD, United Statea Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 234
day of January, 1898. •. • ■
GEO. V. TURNER. Notary Public .
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT, %
PRINCIPAL OFFICE: *
No. 439 California St
SAN FRANCISCO.
CBAS. A. LATON', Manager.-JOCKEY ENDS IS
GIVEN A VACATION
Judges Decide That He
Needs Rest.
TOO WEAK IN THE SADDLE
/
PUTS UP A LISTLESS BIDS ON
SAN AUGUSTINE
■
'A .
lULngmaster, at Odds of Twelve to
One, Beats Bed Glenn in the
Muddy Going at Sac
• f"I ' ramento.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 26.— Jockey Podro
Enos earned for himself an enforced va
cation in the second race at the park to
day. Pedro had the leg up on San Au- :
gustUie, which was bncked from 5 down i
to S, and the officials thought the rider
altogether too retiring In his efforts to :
beat out the l-to-2 favorite, Napian, with
Thorpe up. Possibly Enos became afflict
ed with stage fright, or perhaps was i
soiwd by a strange feeling of ennui. San
Augustine, apparently not all out, was
beaten a lenyth, and Enos was suspended.
The rainfall of last night left a sticky,
clayey course to run over, which was re- j
sponsible for one or two upsets, the most i
startling being the defeat of the top- !
heavy choice Red Glenn by Ringmaster, a
12-to-l shot. l-ady Hrttajinic, Napian and
Toribio, favorites, and Dolore, a second
Choice, wire the other purse winners.
In the opening live furlong scramble
Lady Britannic displayed as strong a
fondness f"r the splashy going as a hobo
does for an empty oyster can, and won
ail. by herself. The black mare from St.
Louis was a 3-to-5 chance, and was well
ridden by Gouin. Dolly D. a Red Iron
mare, took the place from Mollie A, an
other daughter ,of the Woodland sire.
Smyle, from the stable of Hughey Jones,
was strongly played "to peep," but after
showing speed for a quarter finished in
last place.
It looks very much as if Orville Appleby
has 'another Conde in Ringmaster, for the
chestnut horse shows to better advantage
at each new start. The third event, at a
mile and seventy yards, was looked on as
an "airtight" for Red Glenn, with Thorpe
to do the navigating, and there was very
little speculating on the others. The lat
ter was .never able to extend Ringmaster,
with I'.ullnian in the points, which made
the pace from the start and won easily
by a couple of lengths.
Magnus was a. di3tant . third, eight
lengths behind the favorite. Old Leon
villc, patched up for the occasion, was a
starter, but broke down soon after the
Btart.
The good riding of Gouin landed the
fourth purse for Dolore. The mare en-
Joyed second call in the betting. Thorpe's
mount. Torsion, ruling an even money
choice. The latter started off with a
rare showing of speed, but in the stretch
began hoisting distress signals.
Gouin oi# Dolore saved two lengths by
a short- turn Into the Ptretrh. and in a
driving finish got the decision from Pat
Murphy by a neck, stepping the six fur
longs in iris. Twelve to one was offered
about Pat, as his recent performances
were a' bit stagnant. In the damp foot
ing to-day, though, he was ready money.
Mister Holmes late of Montana, tied
the knot back .of the ears of Amasa in
the final flve-furlong jaunt and the odds
agair.st the fast " gelding dropped from'
six to live to threes. Holmes, in his
happy,, contented way. put up a repose
fuf,rl(l«-outin-front-aTifl at the wire was ;
dqwnod a length by Toriblo, played down
from three to even money. Several
breakaways at the post militated against
the chances of Fig Leaf, for she was un
able to get to the front and was fortunate
to take the show from Roadwarmer.
Following are the entries for to-morrow
and the over night price's laid here:
Flr*t race, selling, six furlongs:
B8 Hlmera. W3......10-1 ; 61 Magnus. 98 80-1 !
6S I,a<ly Ashley, 98.3-5 .. Distinction, 109.. ;
73 Amasa. 103 4-1 I 70 K. Lud'wlg, 107.. 6-1
Second race, purse, five and a half furlongs:
er, Bonlbel. 93... ....6-1 j(63)Etta H, 114 7-10
.. Valenclenne, 105.7-5 ;
Third race, selling;, mile and a sixteenth:
fs2)Rey Tlerra, 105..3-5 I 62 Ko Ko. 105 25-1
. 70 Hermanlta, 99....5-1 l(7o)Zarro, 105 6-1
Fourth race, purse, seven furlongs:
6S Rosette, 101 8-1 6S O'Fleta, 107 8-1
6<"i Ockturuck, 101. .15-1 i 68 Munzanllla. 107. .6-1
74 F. Gardner. 110.. 40-1 , 63 Libertine. 110.. ..9-20
Fifth race, purse, five furlongs:
co Jabez, 11l 20-1 I C 7 Gilt Edge, 105...5-1
€7 Tiburon. 10S 10-1 | 72 'armanlta, 108.. 30-1
El Crossmolina, 105.3-2 | €7 F. Conkllng, 108.60-1
65 P. Blossom, 105.20-1 51 .St. Isldor. 105...12-1
67 Petal. 108 5-1 •. . Irlandals. 108... .16-1
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO, Monday, Sept. 26.— Seventh day of
Jockey Ciub meeting. Weather cloudy; track muddy.
C. F. PKK'E. Presiding Judge.
J. B. FEROUBON. Starter.
1.
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
purse, $150.
Horse. Age. Weight.
*m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
60 Lady Britannic, 4.1!
. . I hilly D. 5 13
r,4 Molly A. a 1<
6fi Roulette Wheel, 3.. !
ijesty, 3 1(
... Cappy. 4 1(
68 Alien, 5 II
. . . Smyle. 3 V
I 5 • ...
3
2
li
3 1-
2 4
4 3
7 1
c 4
8
5 h
1 h
1 3
2 1
3 2
6 ; 4 :
6
8
4tt
1 10
2 h
3 S
4 4
5 2
« 6.
7 4
8
Gouln
Snider
Mnnahan .....
Devin
4-6
5
12
6
8
2
50
3
3-5
8
4
6
16
4
60
5
Wll*on
Holmes
Llvermore
Evans
Time, :124, :25, :37Vj, l:04\. Good start. Won easing up. Second and third driving.
Winner G W. Scott's blk. nv by Hrltannlc-Lrfjdy McNalry.
Ijirty Britannir much the best. Smyle .had some speed, but stopped after going a
quarter' Polly I> run a game race^
2 SECOND RACK— Five • furlongs ; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $150.
Index. Hots*.
%m.
4m.
*m.
Str..
Fin.
Jockeys.
'. Napian 1
■: Shd Augustine V
rrert 1 (
leodocm '•
Cl <'nrmanlta '■
-1 Bye I
51 Naplan ...I" 3 ■•... 14 22 14 11 Thorpe 1-4 1-3
'-■ San Augustine 107 4 ... 22 1H 23 26 Enos 6 t
46 -Vert -I** J ■••• 31 3 4 32 310 Rullman 8 8
10 reodora" 97 5 ••• S8 48 4 1 4 4 Dletro 4. 15
Cl < -irmanlta «6 ... 4 1 - 5 4 5 4 53 Devin 25 50
65 Good Bye " : • 971 1 ... 6 6 4 _6_ Houck sL .__2o_ 40
i 3
' 4
I 2
1 S
' «
1 l
8 1
5 6
4 1
6
2 2
1 4
3 4
4 3
5 4
6
1 H
2 3
3 2
4 1
5 4
■6
1 1
2 6
3 10
4 4
5 3
6
>c 1
lan
>
< >!•
Tlrr.f I'll 254 3714 1:05. Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving. Wln-
n«r, HuriiH&' Wate'rhouj=e's b. R. by. imp. MMlothlan-Napa..
Prm Aurustlne wlth a vigorous ride might have won. Balance of no account.
70 THIRD RACE-Mlle and seventy yards; selling;
(O« wo. •
I ; purse.
Index. Homp. Arc Weight.
Std.
%m.
4m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
C 62) Rinicmafter, 4 104
68 Red Glenn, a 108
(68) Magnuß, 3 94j
70 Coda. 5 104|
... Mestor, a 109
... Leonville. a 104J
(62) RinKmafter, 4 104 2 12 13 12 11 11 12 .Bullman 8 12
68 Red Glenn, a. .108 4 43 31 36 22 23 28 JThorpe 1-4 1-5
<68) Magnus, 3 94 3 21 21 2h 36.83 36 Houck 8 8
70 Coda. 5 10411 31 48 420 430 450 4 100 , Gouln 6 10
... Mentor, a 1091 € 4 5 5 B B 6 'Kllraln 50 100
... Leonvllle. a 104 1 5 * (Frawley 20 50
I
4
3
1
6
5
1 2
4 3
2 1
3 1
■B
•
1 3
3 1
2 1
4 8
5
1 2
8 6
2 h
4 20
5
1 1
2 2
3 6 .
4 30
B
1 1
2 3
8 8
4 50
6
1 2
2 8
8 6
4 100 ,
c
••• I
n
r
•Broke down.
Tlm<\ .27, :61%. 1:17 V; 1-46. 1:51. Good start. Won easily. . Second and third driving.
Winner. O. Applehy's <h." g. by Buckmaster-Grirette.
Rlngmnster outfooted the field the whole Journey. Red Glenn did not finish with his
usual gsinenoss.
'TTA FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs;
; purse, $150.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
61 Dolore. 4 110 5 ... 4 2 3 2 3 2 In Oouln 6-5 8-5
61 Pat Murphy, 5 102 4 ... th 2 1 In 2 2 Evans 10 ij
01 Torsion. 5 1091.8 .... 12 12 2 1 Sl2 Thorpe 1 i
70 Queen Nubia. 4 ....102! 1 ... 5 6 4 2 4 2 «2 Frawley 8 8
44 Fred Gardner, a. ...100; 6 ... f 6 6 1 5 3 IRyan 25 30
60 _MaJo£_ Cook. 6 107 1 2 ••-.__?% 84 S 6 lEnos 4 9.2
Time, :2:."i. :50. 1:18. Good Btart. Won first three driving. Winner. J. Naglee Burke'a
b m by WlldidU-Rfsette.
Pat Murphy should have won. Tor»lon stopped. Major Cook of no account.
Oouln
inn.
Evans ..;...-..
Thorpe
TTVo ..-I Air
Frawley
Ryan
Enos
PTCS. FIFTH RACE— Five
and upward; purse, $160.
. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
4m.
\m.
Btr.
Jockeys.
(61) Toriblo, 3......'.
03 Amasa, 3.
60 Fig Leaf. * V....:
60 ■ Roadwarmer. 4..:... j
1
3
5
4
6
2
Si 4
4 3
2 h
6 •
64
4
2 fi
2
4
h :.-.-. 11
4 : 2 S
4 3 12
6 4 6
"C;:: tlO
H •■■■■:• ■■«■■-•
>'
By
nn
... Romulus, a
Time. :26, 38%. 1:04. Good start. Won flrst three driving. Winner, W. L. Stanfield's
eh g by Amasa-Ma?ln.
Fig Leaf stayed too lone at th« poat. Off at the first break she might have won.
Amasa stopped.
CLAWS DAY
Al GRAVESEND
Californian Rides Three
Winners in a Row.
GEORGE KEENE GETS GOOD
DIGOS CAPTURES THE LAST
EVENT AT HARLEM.
Brightie 1, Lecelia, Evaline, Great
Bend, Nancy Seitz and Mad
dalo Did the Best Run
ning at Newport.
Special Dlapatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— This was a
gTeat day for the California^ lightweight,
Clawson. who piloted three winners and
two third horses. Burns, Turner and
Moody rode the other victorious gallop
ers. Headlight II was the surprise of the
afternoon. He won the first race at odds
of 15 to 1. Ben Ronald, Satin Slipper and
Candle Black were the choices of the
talent. George Keene, one of the- worst
in-and-outers in the country, got good
and won the mile-and-a-furlong handi
cap in very fast time. The course was in
fine order.
First race, handicap, five and a half furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.
H. %■ Str.
Headlight 11. 116. ... N. Turner]
Kilt. 102 Spender
Blarneystone, 135 Clawson
Lady Marian. lu7 Hewitt
Wood Hiru. Moodyj
•Lord Zeni, 122 T. Burns
Wasteful. 117 Wapshire
0 0 S lr
S 1 h lh 2
0 0 0 3
In 2 1 0 0
2 0 0 0
0 3 0 0
002 h 0
Time, I^SH- Won drlring. Second and third
ihiving.
Haxello 126, Red Spider 99, Frank Harris 120,
Billali 99. Roysterer 111, Filament lU7, Athy
KM ami Fleeting Gold 102 also ran.
Sausalito odds— lo to 1, sto 1 and 10 to 1.
Track udd»— ls to J, I to 1 and 12 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, selling, mile and a sixteenth.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.
*. Vi- V Str. Fin.
•Ben Ronald, 116... 8
Estaea, 110 Spe
"Nosey. 110 M
D'ble Quick, 106.. C1u'
•The Winner, 119....!
Knight Garter. 106.Ji
0
0
0
1
2
3
0
8
0
1
2
0
3
2
0
1
0
0
3
1
0
1
0
0
1
8
0
0
0
Time, 1:49 V Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Tanls 98 and Merlin 97 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2Vs to 1. 4 to 1 and 2H to L
Track odds— 3 to 1, 6 to 1 and 2 to 1.
•Favorites.
Third race, Flatland stakes, two-year-olds,
five furlongs.
•Satin Slipper, 89 Moody,
Armament, 115 Maher ;
Diminutive, 95 Clawson!
Cambrian, 9S T. Burns;
Onondagas Pride. 95..O'Con'r!
i 0
. 1
, 0
' !
0 0 1
2 2 2
0 0 3
1 n 1 n 0
3 3 0
Time. l:01H- Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Duke of Mlddleburg 107 and Hapsburg 100 also
ran.
SausalUo odds— 3 to 2. 5 to 1 and 3 to L
Track odds— S to 5, 7 to 1 and 13 to i.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, maiden two-year-olds, five fur
longs.
im«
rk Milei. 112 Clawson
■llngrton Route, 112.O'Leary
mllug, 112 ...... Spencer
1
#
Parker. 112 DoKS^tt
Time, 1:01. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Godirey 112, Chappaqua 112, Animus 112. Sol
112 Neuberger 112, Kllartna 109, Alice Nlse 103,
Mnnl»tta 109. Al Reeves 109, Ordeal 109. Ken
sington 109 and Fulminate 109 also ran.
Sauoallto odds— 4 to 1. 6 to 1 and 2 to L
Tnu-k odds— 9 to 2. 8 to 1 and S to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth rac«. handicap, mile and an eighth.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.;
co. Keene. lOCClawsonl
Vlai-y. 119 T. Hurnsj
fhtßtl'g Con, 106. Spencer;
Hilte Frost, 125...Maher
\ *•
H. %. In.. Fin.
11112 111 13
I 3 In II 11 in
2h4 S 4 3
|4S 4 3 4
Time. 1:5414. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Snusallto odds— 3 to 1. S to 5 and 10 to L
Track odds— 6 to 1, 3 to 5 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
Plxth race, three-year-olds, one mile.
Name and Wt. Jockpys.
XL. H- <4- Str. Fin.
1 rtlack. U4...Clawson:
■ntral Trust, U4..Maher|
•fvlnun.' 114 Taralj
lueaway. 114. .Cun'gh'ml
, , 1 1 1 n 3 3 11
■3 3 2 2 12
12 2 1 h 1 n 3
il4 4 4 4 4
Time, 1:42.. Won handily. Second and third
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1898.
THE PASSING OF fl
FAMOUS ACTRESS
Death of F a OOy Davenport at Her
Summer Home F rom En
largement of the H ear "t-
THE LATE FANNY DAVENPORT,
DUXBURT, Mass., Sept. 26.— Fanny Davenport (Mrs. Melbourne Mc-
Dowell) died at her summer home, Melbourne Hall, at half-past 10 o'clock
to-night of enlargement of the heart.
Miss Davenport had never fully recovered from her severe Illness In the
summer, but up to a week ago it was thought she would In time enlov
good health again. A few days ago. hoy.'ever, a change was noticed. Since
then she has been gradually sinking, and to-day it was announced that
death was only a question of a few hours. Her three sisters had already
been notified, and with her husband, were with her when she peacefully
passed away. Her brother-in-law, William Seymour, was notified yesterday
of her condition and is on his way here. He will make the funeral arrange
ments.
Fanny Lily Gipsy Davenport was born in London, April 10, 1850. She was
the daughter of Edward L. Davenport, the actor. Fanny Davenport made
her first appearance at the Howard Atheneum in Boston as the child in
"Metamora": appeared in New York as the King of Spain in "Faint Heart
Never Won Fair Lady" on February 14, 1862, at Niblo's Garden; played in
Boston and Philadelphia, and under the management of Augustln Daly at
the Fifth Avenue Theater, New York, in 1869, she personated a large num
ber of different characters, among them Mabel Renfrew in "Pique,"
which ran for 250 nights. She made many starring tours throughout the .
United States and achieved success in Cleopatra in Sardou's play of that
name. She was married to Edwin H. Price in 1879, but was divorced and
married Melbourne McDowell, an actor of leading roles.
driving.
Sausalito odds— 4 to 5, 8 to 1 and 2 to L
•Favorite.
Track odds— 4 to 5, 7 to 1 and 9 to 6.
DIGGS AND DOTTBLE DUMMY.
"Win Clever Races Over the Harlem
Course.
CHICAGO. Sept. 26.— Diggs came from the
clouds In the last race at Harlem and won
very cleverly. Double Dummy was the only
real surprise of the afternoon, though Hardy
Pardee was a mild sort of one. Roger U came
from nowhere in the Initial event and nosed
out Mary Klnsella, who also made her run
In the homestretch. Survivor had the hearts
of Mb admirers in their mouthß until well in
the homestretch, but won finally by two
lengths. The Devil Just managed to beat Her
Favor a nose in the fourth and Hardy Par
dee's margin over Harry Nutter was but a
nose. The latter was disqualified for a foul,
however.
First race, selling, six furlongs.
er U. 104
r Klnsella, 98. ...5 hi
r Cant;, 104...8eau0
John, 9S Hv
Oldd. 98 S
1 Broens, 101 E\
Hope, 107.... R. Na
0 0 0 Ins
0 0 0 2
0 0 0 3
2 13 110
0 2 2 0
3 3 3 0
Iho 0 0
Time, 1:19%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Neurae 98. Pug; 101, 'Refugee 107 and Sunny
107 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 3 to 1. 8 to 1 and 20 to L
Track odds— 3 to 1, 10 to 1 and 30 to 1.
•Favorites.
Second race, selling, mile and a sixteenth.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.
\i. H. \. Str. Fin.
Dummy, 104..Beauc
ilKeton, 104.. Van Ca
jpsub, 104 McDon
tarado 11, 104.. J. I
nto, 104 Ai
2
0
0
3
0
1 2
3
0
0
2
0
I 1
1
0
0
2
3
0
2 ins
0 2 h
113
0 0
3 0
0 0
Kltohen, 104..Rhepi
Time, l:s4tt. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Nannie L's Sister 104 and *Wlnslow 104 aIBO
ran.
Saußallto odds— 6 to 1, 12 to 1 and 8 to L
Track odds— « to 1, 15 to 1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorites.
Third race, purse, two-year-olds, five fur
longs.
•, 110 H. Mi
l, 110... J. McDo
3. 102 J.
ta, 107
[cClurg, 110
0
0
3
2 .
1
0
3
2
1
0
0
3
2
1
0
1
2
3
0
0
Time, 1:04%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Master Buck 102, La Josephine 102, Etta P
102. Blue Lick 106, Miss Doolp- 107, Leraoon
10" an<l Old Fox 110 also ran.
Sausallto odds — Even 6 to 1 and 12 to 1.
Track odds — 1 to 2, 7 to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, purse, one mile.
r. j
r>ovii.
Favor
106 :
2
1
4 •
I
1111
2 2 1
4 3
3 4
hlh
-.-,2 v
3
4
V....£
Time, 1:46%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Sausaltto odds— Even, 8 to 1 and 80 to 1.
Track odds— Even. 8 to 1 and 40 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, purse, two-year-olds, seven fur
longg.
a :. "■ 0 .. . 0 ■:-:■ 8 -<> .v»
8 1 1* Xht«
0 8 8; i 8
112 a 0 ; 4
r.
Bun God, 101 Gray) 0 0 0 0 0
tDisqualined for a foul. Mr. Johnson placed
second. Sea Lion third.
Time, I:S2H. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds— 4 to 1, 6 to 1 and 2 to L
Track odds— to 2, 6 to 1 and 2 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, purse, six furlongs.
%. V Str. Fin.
\gg*. 107......... H,
arzella, 95 J.
ood Friend, 104... H. M
:. Alfonsea D, 104 E\
rgan Pilot, 104
-'herry Flame, 104.... J.
0 0
1 h 2
2 0
3 3
0 1
0 0
0
1 1
2
0
0
8
Time, 1:16 H. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Innuendo 104 and Warren Point 104 also ran.
Sausalito odds— B to 1, 3 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds— 7 to 2, 4 to 1 and 3 to 1.
•Favorite.
NANCY SEITZ FOOLED FOLKS.
By Winning Over the Newport Track
at Odds of 20 to 1.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 26.— Nancy Selti, with a
comparatively unknown rider (W. Hughes) up,
won the fifth race at Newport to-day at odds of
20 to 1; after not being one, two, three clear
Into the homestretch. What Next and mil
Powell fell In the fourth event and Great Bend
rolled In. Conley put Brightle S and Maddalo
first over the plate and was the only boy to
ride two winners. Ollle J, second In the sec
ond race to Lecella, was at odds of 50 to 1.
The track dried up considerably during the
afternoon.
First race, purse, six furlongs.
H- %. Str. Fin.
S, 105 0
or, 105 Mat
106 Thorn
Holmes 105 !
roam, 106 M. 1
JOO 1 1
1 h 11 l l Jns
0 0 0 3
1 2 2 o
0 3 J 0
Time, 1:16. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Annie Oldfleld 106 .Aspasla 106, Esther R 106
and Fast Asleep 105 also ran.
Sausalito odds — 4 to 1, 4 to 1 and 5 to 1.
Track odd«— 3 to 1, 3 to 1 and 4 to L
•Favorite.
Second race, maiden two-year-old fillies, five
furlongs.
H- •
Btr. Fin.
Lecelia, 105 Nutt|
Ollle J, 106 Oleason
Custance, 105 Mathews
•Luke Fonso, 105 Frost
Malaise, 105 Thompson
0 0 1
XI 1 1 2
2 2 0
0 0 3
3 3 0
. 5
Time, 1:03. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
•Preliminary 106, Vogel 105, Carlene 105 and
Lela Murray 105 also ran.
Sausalito odds — 4 to 1, 50 to 1 and 6 to I
Track odds— 3 to 1, 30 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorites.
Third race, selling, mile and a sixteenth.
Str. Fin.
inc. 106 Me
;ion, 97 Tho
Dixon, 102....
1, 99 So
n. 99.... W. N
2
0
0
3
1
S 2 2
200
0 0 0
1 h 11 11
0 3 3
Time, 1:50^4. Won easily. Second handily
Third driving.
Dutch Bard 99. Mitt Boykln 99 and Wee
natchle P9 also ran.
Sausalito odde— 2^ to 1, 2V4 to 1 and 6 to L
Track odds— 2 to 1, 13 to 5 and 4 to L
•Favorite.
Fourth race, purse, six and a half furlongs.
tt- %. Btr. Fin.
02....
1
0
0
t
3
1 11 11
0 » I
0 2 3
a to o
3 to o
1....
';,•
Time, 1:22 - Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Sauealito odds— 7 to 10, 5 to 1 and 20 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to 6, 4 to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
tFell.
Fifth race. Belling, seven furlongs.
Name and Wt. Jockey*.
>4. H- %■ Str.
Seltz, 96.. Hi
107 M.
te. 97
103 G. T
t, 101. W. Na
0 0
0 0
0 0
1 1
3 8
2 2
0
0
0
1
3
2
0 1
2 2
0 3
3 0
1 n 0
0 0
.'94 Fra
Time, 1:29%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
•Mayme M 106. Hub Prather 96, Undue 105 and
Pat Garrett 105 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2o to 1, 2% to 1 and IS to 1.
Track odds— 2o to 1, 13 to 5 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, mile and a sixteenth.
108
r, 103. N
, 103.. So
2 2 2Ms 2 1
11 11 11 11 2
3 3 3 3 3
Time. 1:49%. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Chiqulta II 89, Provolo 96 and Donation 106
also ran.
Sausallto odds— B to 2, 4 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to 2, 3 to 1 and 8 to 1.
•Favorite.
SENATORS CHECK THE
BALTIMORES' ADVANCE
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet
Boston 91 44 .674 Philadelphia 67 64 .611
Baltimore ...86 47 .647 Plttsburg ...67 71 .486
Cincinnati ..84 55 .604 Louisville ...62 74 .457
Cleveland ...75 59 .500 Brooklyn ....49 78 .386
Chicago 76 63 .547 Washington 45 91 .331
New Y0rk... 73 62 .541 St. Louis 85 100 .269
"WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— Nopa was hit
freely In the third inning of the game to
day with the Baltimores, and the Sena
tors secured a lead their opponents could
not overcome. Game called at the end
of the sixth on account of darkness. At
tendance 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 7 9 3
Baltimore 5 6 3
Batteries— Klllen and Magulrt; Nopa and
Robinson. Umpire — Snyder.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26. -The Phillies, af
ter having the game won. lost it to the
Giants. In the seventh inning two hits.
a wild throw by Cross and an out scored
three runs, and in the eighth three hits,
a passed ball and another error by Cross
were good for three more.
With the score tied in the sixth inning
of the second game. Seymour hit a two
bagger to left and scored on Doyle's sin
gle. Warner was put out of the first
game for kicking, and Joyce followed him
in the second for the same reason. Score,
first game:
Clubs— r. h. E.
New York 8 14 3
Philadelphia 4 9 3
Batteries— Seymour and Warner and Doyle;
Donahue and McFarland.
Second game — Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 2 4 5
Philadelphia 14 2
Batteries — Rusie and Warner; Piatt and Mur
phy. Umpires — Hunt and Connolly.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 26.— The Browns and
the Colonels played a long drawn out
game to-day, runs being a scarce article.
St. Louis won out in the last inning on
hits by Clingman and Dowling. Attend
ance 200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville J 11 0
St. Louis 2 8 2
Batteries— Dowling and Ktttredge and Pow
ers; Hughey and Sugden. Umpire — McDonald.
BOSTON, Sept. 26.— The Bostons won
both games to-day from Brooklyn, the
first by hard hitting and the second by
three bases on balls and Tenney's two
bagger. Darkness put an end to the play
in the second. Attendance 3500. Score,
first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 10 13 4
Brooklyn 5 9 5
Batteries— Lewis and Yeager; Dunn and
Smith.
Second game— Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 3 3 4
Brooklyn 2 7 0
Batteries — Nichols «nd Bergen; MeKenna and
Ryan. Umpires— Brown and Andrews.
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— 80 th teams put up
a sensational fielding game to-day, the
Orphans, making up for their errors fey
some marvelous work at critical periods
and a better bunching of hits. Attend
ance 1100. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 4 10 3
Pittßburg 3 8 1
Batteries— Thornton and Nlchol: Cronin and
Schrlver. Umpires— O' Day and Emslle.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 26.— During the
eleventh inning to-day, Vaughn was put
off the grounds by Umpire Swartwood for
kicking. Vaughn then sat in the grand
stand and abused Swartwood, who put
him out of the game for three days. Af
ter the game they met and engaged in
an argument which came near being a
free-for-all fight. Swartwood's poor work
lost the Reds the game. Attendance 1200.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 8 1
Cleveland 4 12 2
Batteries— Hawley and Wood; Young and
Criger. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PANTS
DOWN to $3.00.
Every pair made of the famous all- every pair ;
wool fast-dyed OREGON CITY CASSI- BE ™or^ EL
MERE, from our own mills. No woolen
mills in the world makes better fabric; ; -;SSISS^
it wears like iron. j^J^^^^^^^m
These are not old or out-of-date ySl^o^S^^^Sm
goods, but new garments, made up this fft^B^^^^S^Mf
season expressly for you. Hn^^PnM
You used to pay us $4.50 for them. WftnKra^raf
You'll snap them up in a jiffy at $3.00, '''^ISE^^wS
for you'll realize that but few chances wX^^^mS
like this are met with in a lifetime. wmv^PwH
■ mv _" * - IT IS A GUARANTEE
That Wears Pants. of high quality.
' - *v ■'* h " ""'''■" '■ ' '-"- It Means Money Saved*
B^B X M iV 1 D"9 H^B M ft t 1 h^i /in
BROWN BROS. & CO.,
Wholesale Clothing Manufacturers,
Proprietors Oregon City Woolen Mills,
121-123 Sansome Street,
Between Bush and Pine.
LOOK OUT FOR IMITATORS
Look for All Blue Signs.
BROOKS INQUEST
ENDS IN NAUGHT
Coroner's Jury Accuses
No One.
NELSON STILL A PRISONER
SHERIFF HARRISON BELIEVES
HIM GUILTY.
Deputy Marshal Cramer's Testimony
Wholly Contradictory of the
Stary Related by the
Deckhand.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 26.— Despite the
decision of the Coroner's jury that the
facts were not of sufficient force to
warrant it in charging Peter Nelson,
the deckhand on the yacht Chispa, with
the murder of Captain James Moss
Brooks, Sheriff Harrison is so thorough
ly convinced of the guilt of the pris
oner that he has not yet discharged
him from custody and pending a more
careful investigation will hold the
deckhand at the County Jail. Coroner
Eden conducted the inquest and did all
in his power to bring out the facts.
The first important testimony was
given by Deputy Marshal Susavilla,
William Harrison's private watchman.
He said none of the party had seen a
boat leave the Chispa. However, as
the night was dark and the wind blow
ing strongly he inclined to the belief
that even if a boat had left nobody
would have known it.
Alfred Nilson, the keeper of the yacht
Ramona, supplied the additional
knowledge tha 1 : at the time he pulled
Nelson into the boat the deckhand had
on one sock, but the foot of his unin
jured leg was bare. George Smith, one
of the first to board the yacht, asserted
that as the rowboat approached the
scene somebody on a yacht near by
yelled to them to be careful, that a
crazy man on the Chispa was shooting
at everybody.
Nelson was sworn. He told the jury
his story in just about the same words
as it was formerly related to the Sher
iff. He stated that the door leading
from the cabin to the forecastle, where
he slept, was closed at the time the
murder was committed and that he had
to reach the deck by climbing through
the hatchway. Nelson's wounded leg
was shown to Dr. Jones, the autopsy
physician, who testified afterward that
the wound could have been caused by
either a bullet or a scrape rrom some
suitable instrument.
Dr. Jones testified that he had found
five distinct wounds of the scalp, an
abrasion of th" left ear and abrasions
on the fingers of the right hand and
left wrist of Captain Brooks. The
worst wound was behind the left ear
and the one on the left temple was
also deep. They could have been pro
duced with some instrument like a mar
lin spike or a hatchet.
By far the most important evidence
adduced was from Deputy Marshal Eu
gene Cramer. He said that when he
entered the room in which the captain
lay dead he picked up the arm lying
above the cover and found it cold and
stiff. The elbow could hardly be
flexed at all. The bedclothes were not
disturbed, showing that the captain
had made no struggle. Cramer said
that one of the most peculiar facts in
connection with the murder was that
while the body lay on the right side,
the large wound in the back of the
head from which the blood had spurted
being toward the back of the couch,
the opposite wall of the room was cov
ered from the bood that had spurted
on it. Cramer said this could not
have been possible if the body lay as it
was found. In his opinion, Captain
Brooks had been dead at least an hour
and was killed while standing near the
opposite wall. The body must then
have been placed In the bed and cov
ered with the clothes.
Marshal Hannon was recalled to the
stand and gave substantially the same
testimony as his predecessors. He said
Cramer had not only felt of Captain
Brooke' pulse and remarked that the
arm was icy cold, but had placed his
hand under the dead man's nightshirt
and over his heart, only to exclaim:
"Why, his body is so cold that I can
feel it through the undershirt."
When William Harrison's name was
called he was missing. District At
torney Martinelli said he guessed Har
rison's testimony would not differ
much from what had already been
learned.
Had Harrison been summoned he
would have sworn that he stood on the
shore and saw the flashes of the re
volver; that they were toward the
stern of the boat and not toward the
starboard side and in the direction in
which the prisoner swam, according to
his assertion. Harrison also would
have testified that the splash of Nel
son's plunge into the water did not oc
cur until after all three shots had been
fired.
No attempt was made to have Mrs.
Case or Mrs. Crandal present, though
both of these ladies were ii- a position
to hear everything and have already
stated that they heard the sound of
the splash a few moments after the
shots. Dr. Case was present and said
no subpena had been served on his
wife, and that she had told him the re
ports preceded the splash.
It was shortly after the noon hour
when all the evidence was in and the
Jury did not hesitate long before bring
ing in a verdict that Captain Brooks
had come to his death early in the
morning of the 24th inst. by wounds
inflicted with a blunt instrument In the
hands of a party or of parties un
known.
HOBSON CONFIDENT HE
CAN RAISE THE COLON
Expects to Return to New York on
Her — How the Maria Teresa
Was Floated.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Sept. 26.—De
tails just received of the floating of the
Spanish armored cruiser. Maria Teresa
show that with the help of dynamite she
was blown off the rocks into deep water
on September 23, and proceeded under her
own steam some time afterward to Guan
tanamo, accompanied by one of the tugs
of the Merritt Wrecking Company. She
will shortly leave for New York.
Naval Constructor Hobson says he can
raise the Spanish cruiser Cristobal Colon,
with the use of air bags, in a week. If
given authority to do so. Commodore
Watson thinks he cannot. The Colon, it
appears, was not seriously damaged by
shells, but her valves were opened, which
caused her to sink. The other two Span
ish cruisers sunk in the battle of Santi
ago, the Almirante Oquendo and the Viz
caya, are useless wrecks .of melted iron.
Hobson says he expects to return to
New York on the Colon.
FASTEST HEAT MADE BY
A TROTTER THIS YEAR
LOUISVILLE, Sept. 26.— The fastest heat of
the year was trotted in the opening heat of the
Louisville Driving Association's meet, when
Blngen won the first heat of the 2:11 trot in
2:06%. Searchlight, the California horse, was
out of the betting in the 2:09 pace and won in
straight heats.
Preparation stake, trotting, three-year-olds,
stake Jlooo— Cuprum won third and fourth
heats. Time, 2:11%, 2:12%. Charley Herr won
second heat in 2:13V4- John A. McKerron won
first heat in 2:"l2Vi. Lucy Gilbert, Leonard Bell
and Black Robert also started.
Frank Fehr stake, 2:11 trotting, $2000— Blngen
won first, fourth and sixth heats. Time, 2:06%.
2:09>4, 2:11%. Caid won second and third heats.
Time, 2:07V 4 , 2:10^. George Anna won fifth
heat in 2:12. Tommy Britton, Cut Glass, Cap
tain Jack. Fre.l B. Caryle Came and Hans
McGregor also started. .
Commercial Club stake. 2:09 pacing, stake
$2000— Searchlight won in straight heats. Time,
2:0r.%, 2:05. 2:08. Sherman Clay, Nichol B. In
diana, Satin Slippers. Nora L, Ace, Milton S
and Quadra also started.
Important Witness Missing.
FRESNO, Sept. 26.— The trial of George
McCraney, accused of having killed
George Kline, was commenced In the Su
perior Court to-day. It was discovered
that Willie Campbell, an important wit
ness for the nrosecution, could not be
found. A recess was declared until 11
o'clock to enable the witness to be sought
for, but at that hour he was not in court,
and the case was continued without him.
The examination of jurors occupied the
whole day.
Famous Pacers Hatched.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. .26.— President. Robert
Aull, of the St. Louis Fair Association,
has closed a deal and arranged to have
the match race between the famed pac
ers John R. Gentry and Joe Patchen held
at the fair grounds October 5. The fair
association will put up a purse of $5000
for the race.
Races at Carson City.
CARSON CITY. Sept. 26.— The annual
fair of the Qrmsby County Agricultural
Association commenced to-day The races
resulted as follows: Half-mile and repeat,
won by Sport McAllister in 49*4. Seven
eighths dash, won by Lost Girl in 1:32.
Fcur-mile dash wone by Todhunter, 23%.
34
DEMOCRATS
WORK THE
SLATE AGAIN
Programme Nomina
tions by Reformers.
DEUPREY IS TURNED OUT
FORCED TO MAKE BOOK FOB
BARCLAY HENLEY.
The Lobby Hooted and Hissed Those
Who Voted for the Foreman
of the Wallace Grand
» Jury.
For Mayor,
JAMES D. PHELAN.
For Superior Judge,
WILLIAM T. WALLACE.
, JAMES M. SEAWELL.
, \ FRANK J. MURASKY,
: ' '*■ RHODES BORDEN,
i. For Assessor,
'/.WASHINGTON DODGE.
" For Sheriff,
THEODORE F. BONNET,
For Public Administrator,
" E. L. FITZQERALIX,
\\ For Auditor, ■
1 ITOHN H. GRADY,
For Treasurer,
* M. GREENBLATT. i
For Tax Oollsctor, •
JAMES N. BLOCK.
For County Clerk,
JOHN A. BROWN.
For City and County Att'y,,
FRANKLIN K. LANE.
For District Attorney,
BARCLAY HENLEY.
For Supt. of Schools,
JAMES PENMAN.
For Supt. of Streets,
R. P. DOOLAN.
The Democratic Municipal Conven
tion met again last evening and rati
fied another flection of the slate ticket
prepared by Mayor Phelan. "Whisper
ing" Gavin McNab and the sel_f-aD
pointed keepers of the honor of the
party in San Francisco.
The result of the evening's work
showed that dangers that had so seri
ously threatened the Integrity of the
slate on Friday evening as to necessi
tate a hasty adjournment had either
been overcome or rendered harmless by
offensive and defensive alliances with
the discordant elements. Franklin K.
Lane, secure in the possession of the
personal promises of a majority of the
members of the convention, had forced
the programmers to rub the name of
William T. Baggett off the slate and
place his own there opposite the office
of City and County Attorney. Eugene
X. Deuprey had been whipped out of
the race for District Attorney by the
Examiner and Mayor Phelan, and the
place that his name had occupied on
the slate was filled with the name of
Barclay Henley.
In the matter of the nomination of
a candidate for Recorder Thomas Pin
der still holds the winning hand In
spite of all the efforts that have been
made to bring about his defeat. The
same people w.ho caused Deuprey to
withdraw have so far failed to friehten
Plnder. This being the case there was
nothing else to do but to postpone mak
ing the nomination bo that the con
spirators may have more time in which
to break his hold on the convention.
Incidental to the proceedings of the
convention there was a continued dem
onstration by the gallery that at. times
threatened to make an adjournment
necessary. IMany of the members of the
convention were hooted for minutes at
a time, and It was with the utmost diffi
culty that the cut and dried proceed
ings were carried on.
After the convention had been called
to order by Chairman McGee a motion
was made authorizing the appointment
by the chair of a committee of five to
fill any vacancies that may occur in
the ticket after the work of the con
vention is completed, The chair asked
for and was granted time in which to
name the members of the committee.
An amendment to the platform was
adopted pledging all candidates to pa
tronize the Allied Trades Union Label.
The chairman announced that nomi
nations for Treasurer were In order and
Emil Pohll placed M. Greenblatt In
nomination. Clltus Barbour seconded
the nomination and there being no
further names presented Mr. Green
blatt was by a unanimous vote de
clared to be the nominee of the con
vention.
The next nomination In order was
that of Tax Collector. Howard Q.
Thompson placed James M. Block in
nomination. There being no opposing
candidate for the place he waa placed
on the ticket by acclamation.
According to the regular order of
business the nomination of a candidate
for Recorder should have come next,
but for reasons already outlined it was
necessary to skip this, so Max Popper
moved that the selection of a candidate
for this office be postponed until the
next session of the convention. Car
ried.
P. H. McCarthy placed John A.
Brown in nomination for the office of
County Clerk and Sidney Van Wyck
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Get one cake
of it.
Nobody ever
stops at a cake.
presented the name of M. C. Haley,
Both Brown and Haley had plenty of
"rooters" In the lobby, though it was
generally known to all that Brown's
name wae on the slate and that the
programmers would nominate him in
spite of any demonstration that might
be made in favor of his opponent. This
proved to be the case and the vote as
announced stood 53 for Brown and SS
for Haley.
When nominations for City and
County Attorney were called for "W. B.
Cope presented the name of Franklin
K. Lane. Thoee who had anticipated a
contest for this nomination were dis
appointed when E. A. Bridgford took
the floor and announced that the name
of William T. Baggett would not be
presented- He then thanked those mem
bers of the convention who had been
friendly to Baggett's candidacy and
concluded by reading a letter from Bag
gett in which that gentleman an
nounced his withdrawal from the fight.
The secretary was then instructed to
cast the ballot of the convention for
Mr. Lane.
When the chairman announced that
nominations for the office of District
Attorney were in order there were loud
calls of "Barrett," and for a few min
utes the lobby and gallery were in an
uproar. The cheers and shouts were
repeated when A. Comte placed John J.
Barrett'B name before the convention.
Joseph N. Nougues nominated Barclay
Henley, the slate candidate. The men
tion of Henley's name was greeted with
gToans and hoots from the crowd In
the rear. At this point W. B. Bullivan
addressed the chair and asked unani
mous consent for Eugene Deuprey to
address the convention. An amend
ment, which was accepted, was offered
to the effect that both candidates for
the nomination be also allowed to ad
dress the convention.
As Deuprey took his place on the
platform the lobby cheered again and
again for Barrett and it was «3veral
minutes before the speaker could gain
an audience. He said:
"I desire to express my gratitude for
the compliment that has been extended
to mo by allowing me an >.rpportun!ty
to explain the position in which I stand
here to-night My individual efforts
hß.v« always been directed toward Ihe
upholding of pure government. At no
time have I ever asked anything at the
hands of my party, and I do not ask
it now. During the past fe^ days I
have gone over my business aiTairs, and
I find that my business and my obliga
tions to my clients will not permit me
to devote the time that should be de
voted to the conduct of a personal cam
paign. I must therefore decline the
honor of asking you for your suffrage
and the suffrage of the good people of
the city. There are others who may
be found who will serve you as well and
perhaps better than I. I know that the
nomination could be mine for the ask
ing, but I am forced by circumstances
to decline."
When Barrett took his place on the
platform he was cheered In a manner
sufficiently hearty to Insure him that
the lobby was with him even If his
name was not on the slate. He said:
"Since the first moment that I as
pired to the office of District Attorney
I never hesitated in the judgment that
by right of fitness and long service the
office belonged to Mr. Deuprey."
Mr. Barrett continued by saying that
he had urged his own candidacy, be
lieving that Deuprey would not accept
the nomination even were it offered to
him. He also defended himself on the
charge of being a young man and call
ed attention to the comparative youth
of Bryan, Budd and Phelan. Barclay
Henley did not appear before the con
vention.
During the roll can the crowded lobby
kept up a constant demonstration in
favor of Barrett, and every member
who vott*d for him came in for an ova
tion. Those members who voted tor
Henley were hooted and hissed and for
a time it appeared as though business
would have to be suspended. Charles
W. Fay and Max Popper came in for
the greatest number of hissep and
hoots. The roll call was finally com
pleted and the vote as announced
stood: Barrett 37, Henley 55. Henley
was declared the. nominee of the con
vention.
Jasper McDonald nominated James
Denman for Superintendent of Schools.
There being no other candidates Mr.
Denman's nomination was made unan
imous.
Charles Gallagher (not of the clan)
placed R. P. Doolan in nominate- for
Superintendent of Streets. His was the
only name presented and the nomina
tion was made by acclamation.
The committees having in charge the
making of the Supervisorial and Board
of Education slates were not ready to
report. As the programmers have not
yet agreed upon the names to bo placed
on the balance of the ticket an adjourn
ment waa taken until Wednesday even
ing. On that evening the convention
will be held in Odd Fellows' HalL
-
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1898.
MAGUIRE SPEAKS
AT LOS ANGELES
Begins by Referring to
His Blacksmith Days.
HE CRITICIZES REPUBUCANS
DEFENDS HIS ACTIONS WHILE
IN CONGRESS.
And Concludes by Denying That He
Had Ever Been Connected With
the San Francisco
Sand Lot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 26.— James G.
Maguire addressed a large audience
last night at Hazard's Pavilion. J. L.
Murphy, the chairman of the meeting,
and the fusion candidate for District
Attorney, introduced Mr. Maguire as a
man who could go from one end of the
State to the other and discuss the Is
sues of the day without getting any
body else to make his speeches.
Referring to his blacksmith days. Mr.
Maguire said that while an apprentice
he had become imbued with a sym
pathy for his fellow men. The speaker
said that there had been several key
notes to the Republican campaign. The
first keynote was given by Mr. Gage.
The second by General Barnes, the
third keynote by Estee. If it were a
settled fact that the Republican cam
paign had to be led by an attorney of
the Southern Pacific, the managers had
done well, for General Barnes was the
most aloquent of the Southern Pacific's
attorneys. Mr. Maguire then read Es
tee's speech as published by The Call.
Barnes had said that the railroad was
a dead ißsue, but Estee evidently did
not think so. Estee had said, "You
cannot serve the Lord and please the
devil at the same time," but this was
evidently what Estee was trying to do.
Mr. Maguire denounced the attempt
to cloud domestic issues by dragging
the war into the campaign.
"The glories of the war," he said,
"constitute our common heritage, but
the conduct of the war was not all
glory. As the scandal remains the com
mon sorrow of the whole people, so
should the glory of the war be shared
by the whole people."
"My honorable opponent," said Mr.
Maguire, "has misrepresented my ac
tion in Congress on the funding bill. My
opponent says 'If Judge Maguire had
said to the chairman that he objected
to the passage of the bill, it could
never have been passed.' The funding
measure came back from the Senate to
the House aa part of the general de
ficiency bill. This bill Included twenty
two million dollars in appropriations
for the army and navy. If, as Mr. Gage
says, my objection to this bill could
have stopped its passage, then the war
with Spain could have been stODDed
by my vote. As a matter of fact, one
hundred objections could have been dis
posed of in twenty minutes."
Mr. Maguire concluded by denying
that he had ever been connected with
the sand lot. He said he had always
been for law and order and was a lieu
tenant In the State militia, when Gen
eral Barnes was stirring up the peoole
with incendiary speeches against the
proprietors of The Call and Bulletin.
COLONEL BRYAN DOWN
WITH MALARIAL FEVER
i'orcea to Take to His Bed in Wash-
ington — May Develop Into
Typhoid.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Colonel Wil
liam Jennings Bryan is quite ill with ma
larial fever at his boarding house in this
city. He has been compelled to take to
his bed and Is undergoing medical treat
ment. While it is not believed his condition
is serious, his physician has directed that
he observe the greatest precaution, to
prevent the disease from developing into
typhoid fever.
COLUMBUS' REMAINS
EXHUMED AT HAVANA
Public Excluded From the Cathedral
While the Official Ceremony
Is Performed.
HAVANA. Sept. 26.— At 10 o'clock this
morning the r.fficial exhumation at the
remains of Columbus took place in the
presence of General Blanco, Secretary
Govin, the Civil Governor, the Bishop
the Dean of the Cathedral and other au
thorities. The general public was or
dered out of the cathedral at 8 o'clock,
and no one was allowed Inside after that
hour. The entrance to the cathedral was
guarded by a force of Orden Publico
Guards, which kept back the crowds
which assembled In front of the edifice.
MAY SEIZE ALL
PHILIPPINE SHIPS
Dewey Regards Them
as Pirates.
FLY AN UNRECOGNIZED FLAG
CRUISERS SENT TO TAKE A
TRANSPORT.
•
Outbreak of Smallpox of a Mild Type
in the First California Regi
ment of Volunteers at
Manila,
Special Dispatch to The CftU.
MANILA, Sept. 26.— When the United
States auxiliary cruiser McCulloch cap
tured the insurgent steamer Abbey,
formerly the Pasig, sixty miles south of
Manila, the Abbey, it is believec, hav
ing landed 7000 rides, an insurgent boat
followed the America vessel Into Ca-
vlte, an-l now the Americans contem
plate taking possession of the entire
Insurgent fleet because the vessels are
flying an unrecognized flag and are
liable to se.zure as pirates by the war
vessels of any nation. American cruis
ers have gone north to where the
steamer Flllplnas Is landing troops.
•The steamers which have just arrived
brought many Spanish officials and
refugees from the southeast of the
Island of Luzon. They report that the
Insurgents are overrunning the coun
try, destroying property and the hemp
crops.
Sanguinary conflicts have taken place
at Cebu and Hollo. There has been an
outbreak of ~mallpox in the California
regiment here, but only ob: cases of a
mild type '- ye been reported.
GERMAN PROPOSAL
MADE TO AGUINALDO
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— The Tribune's
staff correspondent on board the over
land limited telegraphs from Carroll,
lowa, that Felipe Agoncello, the first
accredited emissary of Aguinaldo'a
revolutionary government to any for
eign power, with his secretary and In
terpreter, will, upon reaching Chicago,
proceed to Washington over the Penn
sylvania line to lay before President
McKinley the appeal of the Filipinos
for representation on the peace com
mission at Paris.
If official representation on the com
mission cannot be granted he will urge
that the administration at Washington,
in justice to the people of the Philip
pines, should secure for him the right
to be heard by the commission, in order
that any unjurt charges or false accu
sations against the Filipinos which the
Spanish members of the commission
may set forth shall not go unanswered.
In his statement Agoncello says:
As to the power of the Flllnino Govern
ment to control the islands and maintain
order, provided the Spanish forces are
withdrawn, I have no misgivings. There
are 30,000 armed men in Its army. Borne
of its arms came from captured Span
iards and some from foreign countries.
I am not at liberty to say where.
No, they did not come from Germany,
and the statements that have been made
that the Filipinos are secretly conniving
with the Germans are false and unjust.
It Is true that a few days after the de
struction of the Spanish fleet in Manila
Bay representatives of the German em
pire made proposals to the insurgents to
aid them in forming an independent gov
ernment. This offer was refused, the re
ply made to the Germans being that, un
der an agreement entered into between
Aguinaldo and Admiral Dewey, the insur
gents were in honor bound to refuse the
offer.
SPANISH GUNBOATS
SINK NATIVE SHIP
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gor
don Bennett.
HONGKONG. Sept. 26.— The report
reaches here that the Spanish gunboats
General Alava and El Cano have de
stroyed the Filipino steamer Balusan
off the island of Masbate, between Ma
nila and Iloilo.
The admiralty advertises the sale of
the wrecks of the Reina Christina, Cas
tilla, Don Antonio de Ulloa, Isla de
Mindanao, Ve.osco, Argos, Marquaes
del Duero and General Lozo, which
were sunk by Admiral Dewey's shipß.
This course wag resolved upon after a
consultation with Hongkong experts,
who advised against any attempt at
salvage. An effort will be made to save
the other vessels.
REPORT OF OTIS ON
CONDITION OF TROOPS
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28*-Th* War
Departmen' has received a dispatch
from Major General Otis, at Manila,
reporting the condition of the troops in
the Philippines. He says that the
health of the men generally is good and
that the percentage of sickness is
small. Following is General Otis' cable
gram in full:
MANILA, Sept. 26.-AdJutant General,
waenington: I understand that reporters
aent exaggerated accounts of the sick
ness here. The total number in hospitals
to-day, the highest of any day. Is 529; ty
phoid patients, 95. All are doing well, and
most or the patients are convalescent.
About 1200 are excused from duty, mostly
for Blight ailments, showing the condition
to be fair for this latitude. Nineteen
deaths from disease this month, twenty
three In August
OTIS, Commanding.
AMPHION ENCOUNTERS
AN AWFUL STORM
Badly Battered by the Waves in Ber
ing Sea, but Manages to
Beach Victoria.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 28.— Very
much battered up and looking nothing
like the trim vessel known to Esqul
malt H. M. S. Amphion arrived this
morning from the Bering Sea. She ex
perienced a terrific hurricane, which
blew with typhoon fierceness Wednes
day and Thursday last, during which
huge waves swept over the big war
ship. The cabins were flooded and the
waves rushed in fury along the pass
age way. On the decks everything
swam; guns rolled about and every
thing not securely fastened was torn
away. Most of the boats were washed
free and their appurtenances lost. The
boats themselves were afterward
picked up.
"It was, indeed, an awful storm,"
Captain Finnis said, "and had not
things been battened down much more
damage would have been done. Of the
Bealing vessels which were on their
way home nine of them left some time
before the Amphion or they would un
doubtedly have been caught in the
storm, which resembled 'the dreadful
typhoons of the China Seas. As it is,
feara are entertained that some of
them have met with disaster."
ALARMING SICK LIST
OF ERNST'S BRIGADE
Forty-Two Per Cent Disabled— Our
Troops Hold Four-Fifths of
Porto Rico.
PONCE, Porto Rico, Sept. 26.— The
Americans now hold four-fifths of the
island. The Spanish are retiring upon
San Juan from all directions and the
American troops are moving up. Some
Blight disturbances have occurred at Bar
ros and Fajardo, but their Beriousness
has been exaggerated.
Captain Hammel'a company of the
Third Wisconsin Regiment entered Cayey
yesterday. General Ernst has moved his
headquarters to Aiboneto, but It is doubt
ful if his brigade will follow. The per
centage of sick in his brigade is forty
two and there are on the sick list in tne
entire command 2600, 400 of whom are suf
fering from typhoid fever.
The transport Obdam will sail to-mor
row with 240 convalescents and the Relief
will leave Arroyo wltn 260. The medical
officers generally believe the troops
should be sent north, but a few think
their condition will improve when they
crosa the mountains and get into quar
ters.
COLOMBIA REPUDIATES
THE CERRUTI CLAIM
Unless Italy Agrees to Resubmit the
Case She Will Oppose Force
With Force.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Sept. 28.— Advices
from Cartagena, Colombia, state that the
Colombian Government has finally decid
ed to decline to pay the Cerruti claim, on
the ground that the republic is now able
to produce ample evidence of Cerruti's
complicity In the political troubles that
occurred In the country in 1576 and 1885.
The Government, according to the ad
vices received, has directed the President
to urgfe Italy to agree to resubmit the
case to arbitration, and in the event of
falling in this will attempt to oppose
fore« with force to the last extreme.
Two Year- for Burglary.
NAPA. Sept. 26.— John Head, recently
convicted in the Superior Court of burg
lary in the second degree, was sentenced
to-nay to two years In San Quentln.
Be Weak-
Nn MfYPP t For you CMi ' be mad 6
llv ill Ul \J • strong and vigorous
and manly, • just as you are now weak
and flabby and puny. A new hope is offered
to — a "wonderful cure. The doctors of
the great Hudson Medical Institute can cure
you. Are you suffering from Nervousness,
Nervous Debility, Weakness, • Exhausted
Nervous Vitality, Nervous Prostration,
Sleeplessness, Despondency, Mental De-
pression, Hysteria, Paralysis, Numbness,
Trembling, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Pains in
Side and Back, Apoplexy, Epileptic Fits, Si
Vitas' Dance, Palpitation of the Heart, Nerv-
ous and i Sick \ Headache, Nervous Dyspepsia,
Indigestion, ; Loss of Appetite, : Constipation
and ! all Nervous Affections? YOU CAN
BE CURED. Call or write for New Cir-
culars.
The Treatment Cures
Nervousness, Weakness, Exhausted Vitality,
Nervous Prostration, Sleeplessness, Despond-
enoy. . The new treatment cures. Call to
tho Institute or write for New Circulars.
Hudson Meilical Institute,
Ellis, Stoctton anl Market Sts.
**0zo" Cures Catarrh. Are you a Sufferer?
DR.MCNULTY.
T«HI8 WBLL-KNOWN AND BKLIABLK OLD
I ■a. Specialist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. I Book on Private Diseases and
.Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'r*' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms rea .finable. HoursO
I to3dally;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly conndentlai. CaU.oraddrees
"Dr. P. BOBCOB HeNULTY,
84t^ Koarmy St., San Francisco, Cal.
Wriiifs Man Veptable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used ; them - (or ' over > forty • years to I cure
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid i Liver, : Weak Stomach. Pimples
'and purify the blood. >■;■ "..-/.
Grossman's Spciflc Ixie
~i With S this % remedy : persons , can : cur« ■' ' them,
selves : without i the » least ■ exposure, change ;of
diet or change In application tc business. The
medicine I contains | nothing- j of i the | le=st i Injury
to the constitution. Ask yourdruggUt tot It
i Price. !1 a vottla. j
APVEBTISEMENIS. : . ) >
NEWSILKSanORESSGDODSf
| COMMENCING TO-DAY. I
I SILK DEPARTMENT. DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT, t
J NEW PLAID SILKS, In beautiful PRn We haV9 lMt r « a !Snc dlr ' Ct frT 9 ' 11 of 9
styles, and entirely new. good UUU comprjslng the , atest nO veit!es and^ weaves mV '
I -quality, On special sale ayard. Crepons> pirotas, Cheviots, Serges, Poplins, etc., ®'
I Extra quality FRENCH TAFFETA PLAID which we offer at YERY^OW PRICES :\ T .
I SILKS, In exquisite colorings, O| 00 RPFPIAK ®
T fuir 22 Inches wide, actually Oil— ' ° . . ,?' A . nn I
<!> «neol ao t « vflrrf M-lneh AMAZON CLOTHS, In all the n«w 01 nfl ®
f worth $1.25, on sale at. ... a yard. {aM BhadBgj excellent ; qualltyi flnB $|,UU V
? NEW STRIPED TAFFETA SILKS, 0 1 00 tmish, it, ...;...:..........- ayarei. I
quality, on Special Sale ayard. | CreponSi piroias, Cheviots, Serges, Poplins, etc., ©
Extra quality FRENCH TAFFETA PLAlD>hich we offer at veryjlow prices I
SILKS, In exquisite colorings, 0 1 00 QPFPIAI X
full 22 Inches wide, actually Oil- . „ '„ *« „„
w,r,h*,. 261 ««..«.... »yart «rrr— VarsSi. oo l
NEW STRIPED TAFFETA SILKS, 01 00 tinisit. •« ayar*..
<S> excellent quality, 24 Inches Oil — 50-incn granites, in the new fail coi- Of QQ ®
A Wide, In rich COlOrlngS, at. a yard. °rlngs, all wool, fine quality, spe- Vli__ •J)
I Extra quality BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE JT^cn'mum^Z'Z Cl^nn ] f *
I Very rich luster, pure Silk, PI 00 colorings, fine quality, regular value Oli_ <•> -
V 22 Inches Wide, the best value Oil $1.25, on sale at .'. ayard. (J)
f In the c1tyat...... ..... ayard. -,„,.-«-,« nrninTllPllT I
f ■EW poplins, i." ai,' it,. »e,y P| 25 DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT. t
T latest fall COloringS, excellent Oil— j We are headquarters for ready-made SHEETS T
1 nMl| . cnow(a , , f a varA AND CASES, BEST QUALITf; at LOWEST PRICES. ®
f quality, special^...... ayard. , AII ShBets are made wjth a . |nch hem torn |
® DIDDnil CAIC by hand and ready for use . i
I nIDDUn OALt. READY-MADE SHEETS. ®
f TWO ITEMS OF GREAT INTEREST. SIM Hemmed. . Hemstitched. ®
<f 500 pieces of ALL-SILK TAFFETA n 72x90 - 42^c 47^c I
(i) RIBBON, In latest shades, l«U3u 8ix90...... 4T«o 52^c V
I Inches wide, on special sale at a yard, j^ 90 jß?£^j^^^ %
f- 400 pieces of NoJO ALL-SLKCn'^ Hermned - HBmBtltch9d I
I TAFFETA RIBBON, In latest lull «x38^.... 12hc... 17^c I
I shades, special at. ..... .V. ayard. 50x38j* 15c ............20c T
®~jsy-<sy-<§y-<sh<s>-®-^--@>—®--®-<^^
The Well-Known
tea of the Pacific Coast is
Schilling's Best,
Well-known for goodness
and money - bw.ck -if - you -
don't -like -it. 4X
Q vim DR. JORDAN'S o-~*
d£n Museum of Anatomy
IgpjflaL. So6llU«lTßT.tet.ett*7th,B.r.«.
B ■Tjl • Th. UrfMt.f IM kladln tie WarlA. .
«ffslw\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Itiwn JL Con»un»tlon frw. TTrite for Bo.k
Wl (^Philosophy of Marriage.
h O MAIHO rait.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
«ittftr» Full Set of Teeth
•a&K v* I m extracting free $s<x>up
-y^W>|Jk*rjSP' Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
e? ( ~^3?V<in3-* Vf Fillin S* --- 25 cts. up
•i-'TWtav"*^© Open Kvenings&Siuidat*
B^^'jmJs*ik VAN vroom
~><^TEj7\svNJr Electro Dental Parlors
!^S(|p N V 'Sixth and Market
w Dr. Q W. Klelsar, Prep.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
——OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LIVERPOOL and LONDON
And GLOBE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ' ENGLAND,' ON THE JIST
day of December, A. D. 1897, and for th«
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
eurance Commissioner of . the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant ■to 1 the provisions of sections 619
and 811 of the Folitical Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $1,745,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 3,674,371 14
Cash market value of all stocks
and bonds owned by company..... 2,576,250 00
Cash In company's office 1.542 3»
Cash in banks..... 676,289 71
Interest : due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 1,060 00
Interest due and accrued on bonda
and mortgages ... ................ 45,843 17
Premiums In due course of collection 540.141 95
Rents due and accrued.. 13,470 44
Total assets $9,678,758 SO
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and • unpaid.......... 1395 00
Losses In process of adjustment -or
■•- In : suspense .;:...... :. 425.888 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses.-. 129,835 00
Gross premiums on flre > risks run- . . - •
ning one year or less, $3,524,216 91;
' reinsurance 60 per cent.............. 1,762,108 45
Gross premiums on flre risks run- >
. ning more . than one year, 54.239,- *
728 97; reinsurance pro rata.......... 2,127,578 83
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual flre insurance policies 325,150 73
Liability under other departments... 96,806 16
All other demands against . the com- .
pany ■..•.••••—••••••••••-••••••••;•••• 328.025 00
Total liabilities .....1. ............. $6,195,767 17
, '. INCOME. ■
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums ...................... ....... $5,194,548 20
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages .....;.....;".... ...;..; 149,505 67
Received for interest • and , dividends * -
on bonds, •. stocks, loans and from ' „•
all other 50urce5......... — ........ 80 27137
Received for rents ■ 63,073 80
Total inc0me.......:...:....... $5,487,396. 94
EXPENDITURES. ' < . - T
Neet amount paid for fire losses (In-
- eluding $535,522 15, ■• losses of pre-
: vious year 5)....;. ...:........ ......... $2,645,435 4S
Paid '■' or ' allowed ' for commission tor
brokerage ...■......".,. 906 018 69
Paid for • salaries, v fees and other '■-■-'
charges for officers, > clerks, etc ...... 323 98fi <=; -
Paid ; for State, ; national , and local - • ■
'.'-• taxes ..... ••..•"•'••■..■...■......;......... 116 4gi je
All other payments and expenditures. 524,964 54
Total expenditures .'.|4,316,869 37
■■-■■■..:■■ '.-■■•• • -i ■"'" ' - v" T . ''■"' Fire ■' ■
Losses incurred during the year..... $2,654,825 52
Risks and Premiums. ■; Flre Risks. Premiums. .
amount of risks writ- ':';■—-; ;■.-
»• ten ! during the year. . $748,562,122 $7 753 21
Net amount of risks ex- - -^ -
pired during the year.. 705,239,849 6.823,071 84
Net amount In force De- .» .
cember 31,:1897.......... ■869,435.527 7,763,948 83
H. EATONTManager." v.
OEO. W. HOYT, Deputy Manager v
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th
. day of March. 1898. : .  \ 7-
„ ■■■;.;.. ;: ', W. H. WILDET, : Notary' Publla
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
422 California St.,
', -•■ SAN-FRANCISCO^;^ -"
CHARLES D^AVEN,Resideal Secretary
STATEMENT
— -OS 1 THE— . .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS L
——OP THE
NOETHERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY ?
*
OF liONDON. ENGLAIiD, ON THE SIST .
day of December, A. D. 1897, and for ths
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Folitical Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
•^v:.;-'.^;'-.;^.:.uCAP.ITAI>... .... : ■ .-w;
Amount of capital stock,' paid np in
cash 51.600,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company 1,985. 132 S3
Loans on bonds and mortgages..... 1,571,636 53
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 16,055,593 17
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
I able securities as .collateral 3,540,153 60
Cash in company's office . 2.558 48
Cash In banks 790.270 27
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 206,409 63
Interest due and accrued on bonda
and mortgages 60,483 81
Premiums in due course of collec- :
tion ?.....: 121.839 50
Bills receivable, not matured, taken '
for flre and marine risks 87,871 04
Rents due and accrued..... 6,493 87
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid.... 778,763 17
Stamps on hand 1,273 42 ,
Life interests owned by the com- 1
pany :.... 4.000 00
Reversions owned by the company.. 1,342,656 73
Total assets $28,563,635 54
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses
In process of adjustment or in sus-
pense, losses resisted, Including
expenses $429,897 17
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less, reinsurance
60 per cent; gross premiums on lire
risks running more than one year, : >' - V
reinsurance pro rata........ 1,655,244 03
Liability under life department.. 17,147,890 16
Bills payable- ....... 69,458 71
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 11,129 23
All other demands against the com-
Pany 112.951 OS
Total liabilities $19,426,570 43
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $3,310,488 04
Net cash actually received for life
premiums 1,233,251 11
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other Bources.. 850.593 94
Received for. rents 44 449
Received for sale of annuities 360.463 13
Received for proflt on investments.. &5.T77 S"
Total Income '.'.- $5,555,323 63
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre 1055e5...... $1,661,126 94
Net amount paid for life losses 574.267 04
Dividends to stockholders..;...'....;. . 449,340 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage ; 546,400 15
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 683.130 50
Paid for State, national and local
taxes .; 81.04117
Surrenders of life policies.. 71.557 53
Paid to annuitants 55.313 21
All other payments and expendi-
tures -....1.........:... 17,650 93
Total expenditures $4,469 827 46 r
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $1.507,353 90
Risks and Premiums. • Fire Risks. [Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $1,077,772,256 $3,310,483 04
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 1,118,906,046 3,436 853 49
Net amount in force De- : . -■
cember 31, 1897 ....... 718,514.871 2,206,992 03
C.J. LUCAS, Chairman
* v H. E. WILSON, General Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th ■
day of April, 1898.
C.J. WATTS, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
221 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT, Manager
MAKE PERFECT SVIEM
d^flftj DOSOTBESPAIR! DohotSuf.
■' 'raSSSSSfIt - '?/ Longer: ■- The joys and ambitions of • ...
83ff sft J " e Cttn be restored to you Th? rery
Cfi -mJEL " . t «5«»ot Xnvoui Deliilitv are
3? JO . o il lt . ei^^ cure by PKKKKCTO
MR* -rawKj-S, " ''ol'F.I -S. GiTe prompt relief to in-
T«tv^<^^' BOr ? 11 . la> failing memory and the waste
TPWlfiwHr andUrainof vital powers, incurred by
UAjHßffl^' Indiscretions or excesses of early year*,
♦!„_"-. r. Impart Tigor and pdency to eTeryfune-
tion. Brace np the system. Give /tt tmi bloom to the
?»« «£ i? (lluBtr * *° th eye«of^lf|\Toungorold.
One «0o boxronewsrital energy. {•lll , boxes nt
1 Z? * C0 "JP | ete guaranteed cur* nfM or moner re-
funded. -, Can be carried In rest -^•» 6^ pocket. Sold *
where, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt o?
price by THE rEKPECTU co., c*xt*a mdf., chie«go, hi,:.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. San Fran, and Oakland. . ..
t WONG WOO, *
jf^r CHINESETEA AND HEBB
'W]P f SANITARIUM,
yp?j*k_ 764-68 CLAY ST., S»n rr»noiiao,o*t .
g^SHslluWy - All diseases :c-: c-- 1 exclusive- I
*fjffmmg^Kp ■■ ly '- by : Ch.nase ' - arbs. over 3000 M
'JlfmMltMv* varieties being used. ■ ADVICH . fl
FREE. Hours. 9:30 to Ua. m., 1 to % aad 7 W .. rREPUBLICAN
CONVENTIONS
MEET TO-NIGHT
Aspirants for Places
on the Ticket.
CONTESTS WILL BE CLOSE
SEVERAL POLITICAL SURPRISES
ARE EXPECTED.
It Is Generally Believed That There
Will Be Dark Horses in.
Some of the Con
tests.
Tho Republican Municipal. Judicial, Ed
na] and Legislative nominating con
• n;- will meet to-night in Native
Bons' Hall. After temporary organisa
tion is < fleeted and the several Bub-com
mittees have been appointed It is proba-
M.> that an adjournment will he taken
until Wednesday night. The Municipal
Convention will !><■ held in the main hall
and will be called to order by Thomas
I>. Riordan, chairman of the Republican
County Committee. The Judicial, Edu
cational and Legislative Convention,
Which meets in the lower hall, will be, in
all probability, called to order by P. H.
•. secretary of the County
Committee.
The outcome of the conventions is
awaited with the deepest interest by the
many aspirants for political preferment.
It will !■<• un open tight all around and
the < ivith the must friends in
the convention will carry off the prizes.
■]'!.•■;■■ is cbi siderable speculation as to
who will head the local ticket. 1. W.
Truman and General "\V. H. H. Hart, ex-
Attorney General, are In the race and
have many friends working for them. Ihe
of Charles L. Patton are not
i any ground, but admit that ihey
have a hard battle on hand. Tne name
Of B. J. Baidwln has also been mentioned
in connection with the tight.
There will be a lively, contest before
the Shrievalty nomination is decided, i
Henry Martin, who was at first an- j
nounced as an aspirant for the Treas- i
urership, is making things interestng lor !
School Director. Head and ex-County
Clerk Blattner, who have been In the ;
tield fur several weeks. Head has a j
host vi friends in his battle and the I
Bame can be said of Blattner. The an- ]
nouncement made Saturday that Martin
was also antered Cor the place has caused
considerable uneasiness among the chain- ;
of the other two candidates.
\\ llliam Deane, at present a deputy un
def Clerk Curry, and William Joost, a j
Cornier Deputy County Clerk, are making
v Be tight for the County Clerkship.
I he light for Street Superintendent has '
now centered down between Martin Frag- •
ley, < .•. Wetmore and ex-Street
Superintendent James Gilleran. The
friends of Fragley claim that he is on
the inside track in the running; the j
Is of the other aspirants make sim- j
liar assertions, and there the matter |
vtandß.
A. A. Louderback is making a strong j
fight fur the nomination for Public Ad- i
tninlstrator. Before the nomination is i
tnade, however, it is said that there will !
be one or two "dark horses" in the field, j
A "dark horse" is aiso looked for in the !
rdershlp light. Benjamin J. Solomon, j
a deputy in Judge Wallace's court, en- I
the iist.s yesterday luid with eight;
it nine other candidates who announced
elves several weeks ago, it is ex- j
pected that there will be an Interesting
race for the place. The list iB not closed
iret, &o it is not impossible that the j
looked-for "dark horse" will not be en
tered until the last minute.
Edward J. Sheehan and Oscar Toll© are ■
Up to the present time the only contes
tants for the Tax Collectorship.
John D. Siebe and Supervisor John
Lackmann are out for the Assessorshlp.
Lackmann wu.s mentioned as a candidate
for the Board of Equalization at the I
State convention, but his friends advised ;
aim to hold off and wait for the Assessor- I
light. His supporters now believe !
that he has a winning chance. The
friends of Siebe are equally sanguine.
Police Judges Joachimsen and Low !
would like to succeed themselves. Prose
cuting Attorney Thomas Graham, A. B. I
freadwell and Thomas J. Lennon are also |
In the light. As there are only four nom
inations, some one of the quintet will be
iisappolnted.
Among those prominently mentioned
tor Superior Judges, are Judge James
Troutt, whose term expires tnis year
Justice of the Peace Barry, Ex-Police
Judge Davis Louderbaek, J. K. Bonestell ,
md M. Cooney.
There is quite a scramble for the five
nominations for Justices of the Peace
Justices Groezinger, Cook and Kerrigan
would not refuse to succeed themselves.
The other aspirants are Maurice L #
Asher, Arthur Brandt, Thomas P Dunn'
Frank Hood, Percy Long, D. A. Rvari
md A. T. Barnett.
A. Barnard. ex-Judge D. J. Murphy
and Assistant District Attorney Ho«mer
are contesting for the nomination for
District Attorney.
OBJECT TO SLATES.
Dissatisfied Oaklanders to Hold an
Independent Convention.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 26.— As a result
Df several conferences of the dissatisfied
elements of all parties It was decided to
night to call an independent convention
to nominate a county tickot.
The independent convention will assem
ble at Germania Hall at 7:30 on Friday
evening nf-xt, and will consist of 300 dele
pates. The following have signed the
call: Ex-Assemblyman Robert Gay, ex-
Councilman Wllklns, Dr. R. K. Dunn,
Charles H. Butler, Amos Roberts, C. E.
Carleton, C. H. Kern, J. W Ward, James
Naismith, Richard Hipp, C. H. Eitel and
M. J. liettencourt.
Alameda Political Notes.
OAKLAND, Sept. 26.— The new Demo
cratic County Central Committee is com
: the following:
First Ward — John McN&mara, M. J. ODea,
E- J Murphjr.
Second Wurd — C. H. Townsend, J. J. Peg-
Ok.ii,. j. c. Ericlufon.
Thin] Ward— P. O'Kane, L. Kehoe. P. J.
R)ur..
irth Ward— C. W. Logan. J. P. Reddy. M.
Byrne.
Filth Ward— J, W. Laymance. H. C. McPlke.
al. J. < ><;.-,, a
Sixth Ward— C. D. O'Carn P. Mullan, G. D.
Ballahan.
Seventh Ward— Goorre lu.-hes, C. E. Trower.
B. K:r-tKon.
Brooklyn Township— c, ' gill, J. T. Hayea,
N. O. Harwood.
Alameda— M. F. Tan F. St. Sur«. W.
B. Scully.
Berkeley— D, H. Fry. v. Newell. C. T.
Keni«.
Oakland To-wnehlp-Thcmas H. Murray, F.
N. Cuff.
Eden Township — Carl Iversor., C. Petersen, A.
d*> Camp.
Murray TowTiship— William Eg-an, F. Fen
o , n. <;<.-.irKf Detjen.
•Washington Township J. r. r-hndboume. A.
J. Rod^riJrues, O. P. Moulton.
A meeting will he hold in a few days,
when the new commfttoo will organise and
arrange for the campaign.
County clerk Jordan baa n-opened his
office for registration, and win register
till fifteen days prior to election.
-The Republican County Ontrul Commit
tee meet to-morrow afternoon. AH the
candidates will be present, and the de
tails of the cam; ■■:■: will be decided
upon.
Young Men's i^imbiican Club.
A larce and Interesting a ting of the Young
Men'l Republican Club «M held at I»wer
Irish-American Hall la:-t evenlnjc. Prominent
speakers addressed th« audience, amons whom
were Dr. Heino. Charles Harry an.l William
Tunnian. '. John Smith, the favorite bulluil
Binder, entertained the members with a selec
tion of latest songs- The m»-rtinK Indorsed
Judpe Troutt for Superior Judge and Edward
Head for Sheriff. ■ { *
Anybody sick at home? Order gome ports,
Tokay or Angelica. Mb crowd* for our lovely
wines, Cc. Molina & Kaltcnbacb. 23 Market at.
TRE POPULISTS
FfSHTING FOR
A PARTY NAME
■Lively Row Before the
Supreme Court.
BOTH SIDES ARE READY
FACTS OF THE CONTROVERSY
ARE ADMITTED.
The Fusion Contestants Ask. That
Secretary of State Brown Be
Compelled to Recognize
. Them.
The fight for the Populist party desig
nation on the State ticket will be heard
this afternoon by the Supreme Court sit
ting in bank. The case was set for hear
ing yesterday, but as counsel had not
agreed on a statement of facts, a continu
ance was necessitated.
The proceedings will come up in the
form of a mandamus suit begun by Ed
ward I. Hutchison, the fusion candidate
for Lieutenant Governor, to compel Sec
retary of State Brown to recognize the
wing of the Populist party that nominated
James G. Maguire for Governor.
It will be remembered that there was a
bolt in the Populist convention at Sacra
mento when Maguire was nominated.
The "middle-of-the-road" Populists, who
were opposed to Maguire and fusion,
withdrew and organized another conven
tion. The "middle-of-the-road men" nom
inated a straight Populist ticket, with T.
W. H. Shanahan of Shasta as their stand
ard bearer. When the convention ad
journed both factions filed their tickets
with Secretary Brown, who after con
siderable deliberation decided that the
ticket headed by Shanahan was entitled
to the Populist designation. Thereupon
Hutchison instituted the mandamus pro
ceedings against Brown in the Supreme
Court.
When the case was called yesterday af
ternoon. T. V. Cator appeared for th"
"middle-of-the-roadsters," while Senator
White, Garret McEnerney, and Judge
Van Meter appeared for the fusion Popu
lists. Senator White said that there ex
isted some points of difference concern-
Ing the deductions to be drawn from the
pleadings. He stated that he and his col
leagues had worked on the matter all
Sunday and were not yet through with
their labors.
"I think,' 1 said he, "that if the hearing !
Is continued until to-morrow afternoon
we can meet with Mr. Cator ami agree
Upon a statement of facts. Then both :
sidt-s will be ready to proceed with the
argument of the law points involved."
Cator announced that he would confer I
with the other side, and the hearing was I
accordingly postponed.
The attorneys then withdrew, and after
three hours' consultation arrived at an
agreed statement of the facts. The dif
ferences were but slight. The only ob
jections found were to some of the de
ductions made by Cator in his answer
filed on behalf of Brown. The stipulation
will be typewritten and signed by all of
the counsel this morning, and in the af-
..« «. n iiiiu-i,.s ,-.ni oe heard i".
the court.
The Thirty-Eighth Republicans.
"The Owl Club" Republicans of the
Thirty-eighth District at their last meet
ing in Oriental Hall, 605 McAllister street,
elected the following officers: President
Charles F. McCarty; vice president John
Bell; secretary, Sol Kraus; treasurer,
Fred Kronenberg Jr.: sergeant at arms.
Thomas Kelly; campaign committee-
Charles McCarty, Thomas Frazer Jr..
John Bell. Joseph Strauss, Thomas Kel
ly; executive committee— George Tantau,
Henry Wreden. Fred Kronenberg Jr
Frank Kent, W. Buckley, George Rohrs,
Ed KerdelL
The meeting was enthusiastic, and re
sulted In the indorsement of the follow
ing candidates: For Recorder, Martin
Lewis; Police Judge, A. B. Treadwell.
The club has a membership of 300.
Ready for the Convention.
The Republican Legislative, Judicial and
Educational delegation of the Thirty-fourth
Assembly District met last night In Native
Sons' Hall on Seventeenth street. The mem
bers present organized by electing- Charles 11.
Mayer chairman and George S. McComb sec
retary-
A resolution Indorsing the candidacy of Frank
W. Bennett for State Senator from the Twen
tieth Senatorial District was unanimously
\ adopted. The entire delegation pledged them
[ selves to support him In the convention and to
east Its vote as a unit.
The municipal delegation also met at the
same place and organized by electing James
W. McC'abe chairman and E. W. Ensas sec
retary.etary.
Political Notes.
John T. Graham of Preclta Valley Is beln*
poshed to the front by his friends for Super
visor erf the Eleventh Ward. Graham Is a
Republican, a Grand Army veteran, and Is pop
ular with the members of his narty.
S. Harrison Smith Is seekllng the Democratic
nomination for City and County Survpyor.
Opi<oned to him are ex-Sheriff J. J. McDade and
Arthur H. Sanborn, now a deputy In the Sur
veyor" = office.
Stephen Ryrn»s, president of the Preclta Val
ley Improvement Club, Is seeking the Demo
cratic nomination for Assemblyman from the
Thirty-fifth District.
Conventions.
The secretary of the Republican County
Committee desires to notify delegates to
the local Republican convention that the
municipal convention will meet in the
main hall. Native Sons' building, 414
Mason street, at 8 o'clock to-night, while
delegates to the legislative and judicial
convention will meet in the lower, or ban
quet hall, at the same time and building.
Favor E. L. Head for Sheriff.
Th* Thirty-fifth Assembly District Republi
can Club met last night at its headquarters.
1539 Valencia street. Dr. E. N. Torrello presid
ing. School Director E. L. Head was unani
mously Indorsed for the nomination for Sheriff.
SOLLY SMITH LOSES
THROUGH A MISHAP
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— Dave Sullivan
of Ireland and Solly Smith of I,os An
geles, featherweights, mot to-night at the
Greater New York Athletic Club for a
tweuty-flve round bout, but Smith was
Incapacitated early in the fight. The bout
was stopped at the end of the fifth round
by the referee, who awarded the honors
to Sullivan.
During the second round Smith had the
misfortune to break his left arm near the
wrlfit. He used It lightly a few times In
the third round, and it hung loosely in the
next two rounds, and it was seen by
everybody that the Callfornian could not
continue. Smith's accident robbed him of
what certainly would have been a vic
tory, as it was apparent, to every one that
he was by far the cleverer.
Sulllvan f s brother. "Spike," bet a lot of
money on his brother's ability to best the
Western man, forcing his price to 100 to 75
and he won a big pile on the result.
rt/IAHDPS TOMB FOUND,
BUT NOT HIS BODY
Head Said to Have Been Sent to the
Royal College of Surgeons
in London.
LONDON. Sept. 27.— The Dally Tele
graph's Cairo correspondent says:
It is reported that Major McDonald has
reached Lado, where was located the
Mahdi's tomb, and the body was de
stroyed. An enthusiast, it Is said, se
cured the Mahdi's head and is sending it
to the Royal College of Surgeons In Lon
don. The correspondent adds that Major
Marchand's position is absurd and that
the natives Ignore him. J
THE SAX FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1898.
WAR BREAKS
OUT AMONG
THE FUSIONISTS
Smarting Under the
Humiliation.
EVERY FACTION IS MAD
FITZGERALD WAS BEATEN IN
THE CONVENTION.
Never Was tne Prospect for the Re
publican Ticket so Bright
as at Present.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 26.
The Silver Republicans are mad. The
Populists are madder and the Democrats
are the maddest of all. And all their an
ger is directed at the humiliating condi
tions which prevailed at Saturday's con
vention. Judging from the expressions of
the fusionists to-day, the Republican
tirket should go through In November
without let or hindrance. The Demo
cratic portion of the ticket is objection
able to the Populists, the Populists' tail
is objectionable to the Democratic dog
which refuses to be wagged by it, and
the Silver Republicans, with the excep
tion of those on the inside, are wondering
why they were brought into prominence
at all.
In the Democracy the old fight has
broken out with more vigor than ever.
The Fitzgerald and Laymance factions
•went Into the convention feeling bitter
toward each other and came out feeling
ni<.re bitter. The favorite of the Fitzger
ald wing was McLeod for Sheriff and the
neaa of the vote by which he was
defeated by the Laymance candidate,
ljandregan, shows how thoroughly the
party Is disrupted.
Now all are quarreling. The Engllsh-
Laymance faction declare that they
were jobbed by the Fitzgerald people in
i he matter of conceding the nomination
of Assessor to the Silver Republicans.
They openly assert that this nomination
was given to the Silver Republicans with
the full understanding that a Silver Re
publican should receive the nomination,
or --lse, they argue, why were the Silver
Republicans recognized at all. The Sil
ver Republicans nominated, or rather in
dorsed, the Republican nominee, Henry
Dalton, and the anti-Fitzgerald folks de
clare that this was the result of a secret
deal made in the interest of Edward Fitz
gerald, recently nominated in San Fran
cisco for Public Administrator. It is
claimed that Robert Fitzgerald entered
into a deal by which I>alton's friends se
cured his indorsement by the allied con
vention In return for certain support
across the bay for "his brother Edward.
This has so antagonized the English-Lay
mance wing of the Democracy that they
positively declared to-day an independ
ent candidate for Assessor would cer
tainly be placed upon the ticket.
The Populists ;ire dissatisfied because
they were anxious to nominate Sheriff
"White to succeed himself, and were,
forced to give this office to the Democrats.
As the Populists were already spilt before
fusion was broached, and are now divided
again Into the Dutton and White wings
of the party, their vote may safely be
classified at this time as scattering.
Many Silver Republicans declare that
th<*y were not consulted regarding the di
vision of the spoils, or If they had been.
thiy would have demanded that they be
given the office of Recorder, which they
wanted for A. K. Grim, who is a Sliver
Republican. They declare that the notn
j inatlon of a Republican by the Silver Re
; publicans is simply a farce and that they
were Jobbed.
The Republicans are highly elated at
; the turn that fusion politics has taken.
: There is more confusion in the allied
I ranks than there was two years ago when
every fusion candidate on the ticket was
; beaten.
ROOSEVELT SEEMS TO
HAVE A CLEAR FIELD
Believed Black Will Not Go Into
the New York Republican
Convention.
SARATOGA. N. V., Sept. 26.— There Is
hardly an impartial observer here to
night who does not believe that the ticket
to be nominated by the Republican State
Convention to-morrow will be headed by-
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt for Governor
and Timothy L. Woodruff for Lieutenant
Governor.
Chauncey M. Depew, who is to name
Mr. Roosevelt, arrived here during the
afternoon and is positive that his candi
date has an almost clear field. It was
pretty well decided late to-night that
Governor Black will not go into the con
vention. His friends are urging him to
do so, but up to this time he has stoutly
maintalned that it would not be dignified.
ITALY ACCEPTS THE
CZAR'S INVITATION
Willing to Participate in the Peace
Conference, but Fears Unfore
seen Difficulties.
ROME, Sept. 26.— The Government has
pent to Russia a diplomatically worded
acceptance of the Czar's invitation
to take part in an International
• peace conference. In its note of
I acceptance the Government expresses
sympathy with and admiration for
the objects of the Czar, but says it
• fears that difficulties will arise over the
; discussion of questions other than that
! of armament which "might accentuate in
j the very heart of the projected confer
ence a conflict of opinions, the conse
quences of ■which would not leave us
without anxiety."
The Government suggests that the Czar
eliminate this possibility by formulating
a definite programme limiting the dis
cussions to the central idea.
CHILE ANn ARGENTINA
ARE COMING TO TERMS
No Doubt That Their Differences
Will Be Peacefully Settled
by Arbitration.
VAI/PARAISO. Chile. Sept. 26.— A1l dif
ferences between Chile -na Argentina
undoubtedly will be settled peaceably. I
am informed that both Governments have
agreed that the dispute over Puna Ata
cama is to be submitted to arbitration,
once the co-operation of Bolivia is ob
tained. The Chilean boundary expert,
Senor Barros Arana, has accepted the
post of envoy in arbitration by Queen Vic
toria of the dispute over the southern
boundary. A protocol with Peru will be
discussed and approved by Congress this
week.
ON THE FIELD OF LABOR
United States Peace Commission Ar-
rives in Paris.
PARIS. Sept. 2«.— The Pence Commis
sion of the United States arrived here to
day from L.ondon and was met at the
railroad station by the United States Em
bassy, a number of Americans and many
reporters. A considerable crowd outside
the depot witnessed the departure of the
Commissioners for their hotels. The
journey from England to this city was
uneventful.
TO UTILIZE GOAT ISLAND.
Naval Training Station to Be Erected
, at That Point.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— A special to the
Herald says: Commander F. W. Dicklns,
assistant chief of the bureau of naviga
tion, has made arrangements to leave
Washington the* first part of next week
for the Pacific Coast. Upon his arrival
there he will inspect the island of Yerba
Buena and select a site for a training
station to be erected at that point.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
2SBB 82 gB2BBBB 88 88£8 88 88 88 88 88 ggBBgg•*BBBBgBBgggg g g g g ft \ g gg 82- 82 "ft ft 82 88 88 88 88 88 88 gBBBBB3 88 8888 •♦ 88 88 88 88 88 gB3 g g 88 88 88 88 gg gBB
GOOD THING" No. 3. ~ ■ '--_r_JM=r_- v "GOOD THING" No. 4. '> S
05 /V// V /- ||f all-wool $2.00 un- JS^^^^^l W^^^^^VW^^^)^^^^^^\ lates? fall styles? best OR Pfo S
o. derwearjor $1.35. j^^* *§Z binding, all colors l/U CIS. j*
S I v vf U " ' DOC 'y i se P ara te C^^3 jL aS fi I jL) BbAflvf^*^ ■ i a or jra * *•
88 c "' — -**^^ 88
S New ideas in TTT T\ ■ j | f\ i ■ /<s3pfe i
:] Neckwear Ascots VA/O KfllQP TIP 1 llFTfllll S
I and Puffs, 25 cts. HO UdlOC IUC X) 111 1(1111 I|§| j
gj to-day on the most substantial list of "good things" the "good THING" No 2 88
88 shrewd and discriminating buyer will find in a Pacific Coast fl t | '.' 88
■.••'/7W-- clothing store. _____ . ' Children s Dainty |
I Q^^ 2^ ' " GflodTMng"^ od r^c c i : ) ; Serviceable Suits. I
85 7TT =^k« Tfo' • *"-T 'Wihihii "PAWV-v Nrt ; 1 popular ipo.oj suit, so many „
88 — jm — " : /cO. *- y,\ ' C^jl v Xi Yi^BK °* wwenn ' en we so ' c ' last week. Double-Breasted Reefer Suits, large "g.
88 f" jtl // X2> ' ll I I-Jl ' W^^ "^s— — — <s Virtually a tailor-made suit, so perfectly sailor collars, trimmed with soutache jg
88 W4' yT $j* Y^ a •■» /fi—^'^^^^V * does it fit so elegant does it look, braid. All wool, in latest effects of 88
88 ' 'os?>v i/^o[uhO^ (vJ / \ ioT)i/(y^4^^K^' n single and double breasted chevi- brown, plaids and stripes. Strikingly 88
2S IVp^^Tl \\l\ fIV/iirW \li\llfriJ&' ) ots ' cassimeres an d worsteds. Dark beautiful little suits, made with great >s *
88 / I^LP H M I '(' l£ •I • ill 1 / ji J|7<O^S^£^"V-*/]| checks, rich plaids or plain goods in care in our own factory. Ages 4toB. ??
88 oI [^ \ I*4 \;' Jjj /i|^^^^^^SS | < ever PP ° pular shade, handsomely d»o — rv~ :88
88 IM 4 ] d l >!ftfNV/l tf "i*rffl?()WiiS«Oi trimmed and finished. Guaranteed S3«Oo# 85
88 uAj- vl J ip^/H lil&iiill? to fit perfect| y- Worth $150 °- * 8?
88 W J V-i-rr^f if/ f |'||l Ni H^wJr WlJ^lF" Money refunded should there be any S5
SS / P" I Ik" /^ 1« 4U lDaK_!^^l dlSSatlsfactlOn - Suits for larger boys, Bto 14 years
*r > I >< -!i! fi^^ f-^^lMii Tj/iJ? fl^_fC R^'C^^n ZZZZT" old Double-breasted coats with rolling r.
SS C P H — i<fcx 'f I |^^l\ iPiSHpW^ n . j m  n collars, of best materials, all wool and £
88 -^U ><JF| X^ii <^ TSlbi^WAO GriDS alia raveling Ba^S guaranteed to wear like iron. All shades, 88
88 — — J Lci\ * >s^ v^«-^" 2^*^ ** rL<=i^ir < ~^ / ' s v\7 l o\P s*
88 \ t^-NT^ >< C^^ > <^'^^ s^JU !I^V^W^O^DW; °* a " kincls — a complete outfit 5|%5i e)O ss
SNWnnH^.rO r^^^ri i
»■ kJU X^l • If \J\JJLJ \jU Wl !| are selling for $5.00 and I!, g
88 ( ! $6.00 at other stores, and '' S5
I 718 Market Street, S. F. not made half as welL ii 2
2» "^— ~ - - - - - '•-'-lj-u-u---- >< - >< -^ <^,->o^, ->0^_ >^_ •'
aSS888SWggaSW«g8888WSS88S!888S88gK88?8W88S88g888g82g8888SS88ga88M8aSSg88S»88?8!g!88g88S ff & »; g; S8 SS ?2 *8 «8 .j ,g *
DREYFUS TRIAL
TO BE REVISED
Decision of the French
Cabinet.
OVATION TO THE MINISTERS
CHEERED BY EXCITED CROWDS
ON THE STREETS.
Rochefort Accuses Esterhazy of Hav
ing Been Bribed to Cover Him
self With Dishonor oy
Confessing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Sept. 26.— At amo ing of the
Cabinet this morning, all the Ministers
being present, a decision was taken in
favor of the revision of the trial of
former Ca^t .i- Dreyfus and the docu
ments in the case will be sent to the
Court of Cassation.
The crowds of people outside the
offices of the Ministry of the Interior,
where the Cabinet council wad held,
loudly cheered 'he Ministers and there
were shouts of "Vive Brisson." "Vive
le Revision."
The Cabinet ordered the Minister of
Juatl— > M. Sarrien, to lay before the
Court of Cassation the petition of
Mme. Dreyfus, vife of the p-isoner
of Devils Island, for a revision of her
husband's case. The court, therefore,
will decide the legal question as to
whether the first trial of Captain Drey
fus was vitiated by the forgery com
mitted by the late Lieutenant Colonel
Henry, who was a witness before the
court-martial and w r ho confessed to
having forged a document in the case.
The Cabinet meeting waa prolonged
and animated. The Minister of Agri
culture, M. Viger, is reported to have
bitterly opposed a revision and It Is
rumored he will resign.
The Minister of Justice has an
nounced that he has given Instructions
that proceedings are to be taken im
mediately against any one attacking
the army.
It is supposed that the Instructions
to prosecute any one attacking the
army were Issued at the request of
General Chanoine.
The city is excited and the Bourse is
in a disturbed condition. It is doubt
ful If the action of the Cabinet Is popu
lar among the masses, especially the
common people, who. It is pointed out,
still cling to the fetich of the honor of
the army.
In the Intransigeant to-day Henri
Rochefort accuses Major Esterhazy of
having been bribed by the so-called
Dreyfus syndicate to "cover himself
with dishonor by confessing to a for
gery of which he was twice acquitted."
M. Rochefort adds that he paid Es
terhazy 1000 francs for copies of all
the documents in the case and that, in
addition, with two other newspaper
men, he paid Esterhazy, who was lit
erally without a centime, 300 francs
monthly to prevent him from going
hungry while waiting to obtain a pen
sion. Continuing, M. Rochefort says:
"Recently, without any apparent in
centive, Esterhazy mysteriously went
to London, abandoning his 300 francs
monthly. Why this emigration? Who
paid for his Journey? With what
money has Esterhazy paid for his
meals?"
M. Clemenceau, in the Aurore, re
marks: "France is divided into two
camps, those who conceive that the in
terests of the country depend on the
concealment of facts by lies and those
who have a sufficiently high esteem of
the country to separate enthusiasm
from the aspirations of justice and
truth."
The Libre Parole asserts that Ester
hazy has telegraphed to the Minister
of War, General Chanolne, protesting
against the story published in the Ob
server of London, purporting to be a
confession made by the major, the sub
stance of which was that he was the
author of the bordereau, a document
which Is said to have furnished proof
of the guilt of Dreyfus.
WIDE SCOPE OF
INVESTIGATION
Commission Maps Out
Its Work.
NO STONE TO BE UNTURNED
SELECTION OF CAMP SITES A
PROLIFIC SUBJECT.
Charges of Favoritism to Railroads
Will Receive Special Atten
tion — General Plan of
Procedure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 26.— The com
mission selected by the President to in
vestigate the conduct of the War De
partment held its first formal session
to-day, with all the members present.
The meeting was in the room of the
Fortification and Ordnance Board of^
the Department, but it was found to be
too small for the purpose, and it was
announced that future meetings would
be held in apartments secured in the
Lemon building on New York avenue.
To-day's meeting was strictly secret.
No newspaper representatives or others
not connected with the board were ad
mitted.
After a meeting of two hours' dura
tion, an adjournment was taken until
10 o'clock to-morrow. The proceedings
were limited to the outlining of a gen
eral policy and the formulation of let
ters of inquiry, which will be made
public to-morrow.
The letters decided upon are to be
addressed to the Secretary of War, the
quartermaster general, the commissary
general, the surgeon general and the
chief of the Ordnance Department of
the army. They will consist in the
main of inquiries intending to bring
out all the facts that can be given rel
ative to the organization of the volun
teer army. These officials will be asked
to give special Information, so as to
cover each of the departments in ques
tion, concerning tho condition of the
army, both at the beginning and the
close of the war. For this purpose a
date in April has been selected as the
one for the beginning of the prepara
tion, and another in August for the
close.
The questions are so formulated as
to call out answers covering the or
ganization of camps, the purchase of
supplies and the taking of contracts
with transportation companies and also
to show the methods adopted for fur
nishing supplies to the various com
mands and for protecting the health of
the soldiers. There will be an espe
cial effort to develop the motives that
actuated the department in the choice
of camp sites, as there have been
charges of favoritism to railroad com
panies.
The commission also considered seve
ral letters of complaint from persons
professing to have Information bear
ing upon the subject of the investiga
tion, and decided to address replies to
the writers, requiring them to put their
charges in specific shape and inform
ing them of the scope of the inquiry.
It is intended, if the replies received
to these letters show the writers to be
in possession of real information, to
summon them before the commission
when it is feasible to do so. otherwise
to secure their affidavits. When, how
ever, it becomes evident that their ac
cusations are mere idle complaints,
with no information to back them,
the writers will receive no further at
tention.
The commission expects to extend its
inquiry before it closes its work to the
extent of summoning before it the com
manding officers of the various divi
sions and brigades and probably the
colonels of regiments from which com
plaints have emanated. They will be
expected to give full information as to
the pains they may have taken or failed
to take concerning the location of their
troops and their eronpral welfare.
■ m ■
Kitchener Raised to the Peerage.
LONDON. Sept. 62.— General Sir Herbert
Kitchener has been elevated to the peer
age.
TRINITY SUED BY
A MUG POOL
Corporation Attack on
Assessments.
BIQ LEGAL FIGHT OPENED
MOVE MEANS MUCH TO THE
COUNTY.
If the Allied Companies Are Victori
ous the Public Schools Must
Close and Road Work
Cease.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Sept. 26.— A proposition
at law which, if carried to a successful
issue, means the closing of the public
schools, the cessation of road work and
the practical impoverishment of Trin
ity County, is now in full swing 1 . Five
of the largest and wealthiest mining
corporations of Trinity County have in
stituted suit against County Clerk Car
ter to wipe from the assessment rolls
the increased assessments of the several
companies levied by the Board of
Equalization. The suits are brought
against the County Clerk for the reason
that the assessment roll has been re
ceipted for by him from the Assessor,
and is therefore not in the latter's
possession.
The Board of Supervisors, sitting as
a Board of Equalization, cited the sev
eral corporations to appear and show
cause why their several assessments
should not be raised. Representatives
appeared before the board and after
giving them a hearing at a stormy ses
sion lasting several days the Board of
Equalization raised the several assess
ments as follows:
Original Increased
Assessment. To.
Chloride-Bailey mines $500 $15,000
Globe mine (Robert Wood
hurn) 4,150 23.250
Altoona Quicksilver Mining
Company 3,100 75,500
La Grange Hydraulic Mining
ADVERTISEMENTS.
000000000000000000000000000000000000
I Cured of Rheumatism j
o TIT „ . o
o .d^S^^ James Begue °^ res p ' nos ' Ca '-» Dre(l °^ ok
° '^^^^^^k Rheumattsm After Suffering 34 Years, o
O mB3B £/4V?a\ '•■' TRES PINOS, ■ Cal.V • Bept. 4, 1898. O
O Wm t»tV%i DR - A - T - SANDEN— Dear Str: I stand r^ady
Tz WI iM~M _ liißtttt. to testlfj- to having been cured of rheumatism O
O TO Zan3rViZiS& '/fiUl ot 3< gears' standing by your "Dr. Sanden"« a
O*^ =7 ™ Iflifll Electric Belt. It has completely cured me V
B {_*>*" Mktf after doctors and remedies had failed, for O
O jEL >*l*\. which I am very thankful, and will b« 'more «v
/> «V - JiV&&&/ ■ thfUl ca »*' l ° make it known to any one who ™
U Ml *$iiJ* irliSr 1s trout > le<l as I was. I was also suffering with ft
O 52(\^ -^JFI.&'K Indigestion and heart trouble of the worst kind
X <Es!&@&^Zi}i7t&i lam n " entlrel free from pain and feei O
O TfQwß^^ W34ifik * better than I have for 3« years. My wife wtiro ft
ft de&£*3wk V^^*^ 4B7ZB&S& the Belt for a short time, and I am pleased to if
ft Z^&SZ?M&*2ZZc* j&i&ZWazl. SRV that it has done more for her than mcdi- O
Sn&4sm^**v£%%m%ny7 ctne or medlcal aid could ever do. I honestly A
O dfß&isStMr s2%%Z?«Sc%M/ recommend the Belt to all sufferers and feel W
t\ Vm^^'/ik^^^^^y confident It will acoompllsh what it haa done O
° Wi^^'M^^f^oyy^ for me - Yours yer >' tru 'y- Z.
O JAMES BEGUE, Tres Plao«, Cal. O
I Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. i
® T HERE IS NOTHING SO PENETRATI-CG. NOTHING SO INVIGO- ° M
'■ V -* ratinar, nothing that will relieve the pain any- stiffness as speedily as
O DT SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. Its cures are numbered by the thou- O
i O sands. Every day . brings freah proof of its power. If you have Rheu- O
1 a matlsm, Lame Back, Sciatica, Lumbago, or Weakness in the 'Nerves or a
A Vital V, Organs, you ought , to : consult Dr. Sanden. He will tell you ', <
]J whether his Belt will ' cure you and give you advice free. If you can- :O.
! O » not call, send for the free j book, "Three '. Classes of : Men," which will be O
O sent 'sealed' to'; address for. asking. Don't put it off. Act to-day. There ft
a is nothing more important than your health. Call or address, *f-
DR. A. T. SANDEN, — — — ~ — . * O
§ TOB Stmt, Corner K«n,y. Su> Frutiie.. : NOT IN DRUG STORES. °
i a Office hoor«, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 18 — — • it~' . '-O-
" to 1. Branches at Los Anfeles, Cal., 252 Weet Dr- B«nden'» Electrio Belt a
; O Second btreet: Portland, Or., 263 Washington ' '• never sold In drug ttora* v
O^street: Denver, Colo., 9SI Sixteenth street; nor by traveling agents; only Q
. Dallas, Tex., 285 Main Btreet; Butte. Mont.. , at our of flc«. ;  • . ;- . i:
' O^WO North Main street. , ■ ' : ' : \ +- — - — ' .. ; . ■ )'■ — ',7' "*4tY.**\.
1 00 OjO O O O P O 0 OO O 0 00 O 000 O O O 0 0 O O OOOOOOOOOP
Company 3' 3no 74 2SA
Brown Bear Mining Company. S',ooo 21,500
The wealthy mine owners who own
or control the great properties just
enumerated formed a pool and decided
to carry the question, which is far
reaching in its effects, into the civil
courts. They have employed ex-Sena
tor C. W. Cross of San Francisco to
prosecute their claims. R. L. Carter of
Trinity County and the law firm of
Garter Dozier & Wells of Redding and
Red Bluff have been retained to look
after Trinity County's interests.
The Chloride Bailey mines, originally
assessed at $500 and raised to $15 000
were recently sold to a domestic syn
dicate for $30,000. Homer Wilson, a
financial agent of Pan Francisco, pro
moted the sale. A fine ten-stamp mill
has been added to the property's equip
ment. The Altoona Quicksilver Min
ing Company is regarded as one of the
best mining properties in the State
having an output monthly of 600 flasks
of quicksilver. The company has one
pump in its great modern plant worth
double the original assessment. The
Brown Bear mine is the famous prop
erty from which Henry Martin derived
the fortune which Mrs. John Martin
sought in the courts to share. Baron
E. de la Grang- of Paris is at the head
of the French syndicate owning La
Grange hydraulic mines, controlling an
immense acreage of the richest gravel
deposits in Trinity County. This com
pany lately put in a siphon line of two
foot hydraulic pipe on which the rail
road freight alone from the East to
Redding amounted to over $9000. The
company also drove a water canal
tunnel which required two years to
finish.
If the mine owners win their suit it
means a loss to Trinity County of $5000
annually. Trinity is sparsely settled
and many of the county offices are
combined so that such a shortage in
reality means to that isolated com
munity what a deficit of several hun
dred thousand dollars would mean to
San Francisco.
One factor that was of importance in
the bringing of the suit by the pool
of mine owners was the recent sale of
the Chloride-Bailey group. Unless the
assessment as raised by the Board of
Equalization is paid clear title cannot
be given by .he original owners.
WORK FOR THE IROQUOIS.
Dispatch Boat Between This City
and Honolulu.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 26.— The Navy
Department has decided to send the big
ocean-going tug Iroquois, now at San
Francisco, to Honolulu for the use of the
naval station to be established there
This vessel was purchased by the Gov
ernment during the war as an auxiliary
naval vessel, and it is said that in addi
tion to regular service as a harbor tug
at Honolulu, she will be used as a dis
patch boat running from Honolulu to San
Francisco.
56
TUESDAY '.." SEPTEMBER 27, 1898
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. p.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In ttjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a wreck- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway j
KEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building '
DAVID ALLEN, Advertis'mft Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlft£« Hontw
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette BulMlnfi
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2? Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
»:30 o'clocK- 62! McAllister street, open until 9:30
e'ciocK- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 251f
Mission street open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clocK- 1505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty-second an*
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "An Enemy to the King-."
Columbia— "lngomar. "
Alearar— "In Mlzzoura."
Moro*co"8- "Trilby
Tlvoll— "TheQueen of Sheba."
Crph<rnm — Vandevilla
Kew Comedy Theater—" What HaDpened to Jones."
Alhambra, Eddy and Jonea Btreets— Vaudeville.
lhe Chutes— Plttro Marino, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympla— Corner liason and Eddy Btreeta— Specialties.
tutro'b Baths— Swimming 1 .
• Sherman-Clay Hall— Durward Lely. .
Rosenthal— Coming- In Fabruary .
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfield— This day, September 27, Furniture,
at JOy Grant avenue, at 11 o clock.
by E, Cohn— This day, September 27 Furniture, at H'.'3
Howard street, at 11 o'olock.
THE MARKET STREET PAVEMENT.
OX E need not search far afield for the reasons
which have determined Superintendent Am
brose of the Street Department to advise the
Supervisors to discontinue the repaying of Market
street upon the completion of the present contracts.
There is no scarcity of funds. The levy for the depart
ment is as large within a few thousands as last year,
and there is no reason why a portion of the money
should not be used in extending the bitumen on Mar
ket street to Valencia. In fact, no figures have been
offered to show that the amount appropriated for
Market street last year cannot be appropriated this
year.
The inspiration of Superintendent Ambrose is found
in the system under which he works. If Market street
is bituminized to -Valencia the work will be awarded
to a contractor who will employ his own men and
machinery and bay his own materials. If the money
in the Street Department fund is expended in clean
ing sewers, repairing accepted streets and paving in
front of city property it will be expended under the
direction of the officials of the Street Department. In
other words, Mr. Ambrose will then do the employ
ing and will himself buy the material.
This accounts for the milk in the cocoanut. In one
case it is a business proposition, in which all the peo
ple of the city are interested; in the other^it is a case
of "doing" some Democratic politics with the public
money.
If Superintendent Ambrose shall, after reflection,
conclude to send in a recommendation to abandon
the repaying of Market street to Valencia, we trust
the Board of Supervisors will place it in a pigeon
. hole. Making Democratic politics under ordinary
circumstances is not a bad thing, and we are far from
objecting to it. For instance, we did not object when
Mayor Phelan tore up the tracks on Market street,
though as a Republican journal we knew he under
took the work as a vote-getting scheme. But sub
stantially all the people in San Francisco are interest
ed in jepaving Market street to Valencia. The
thoroughfare is practically worn out and has long
been a disgrace to the city. Replacing the street with
bitumen may not be the best thing that can be done
with it, but the Mayor and Supervisors have decided
on such a pavement, and they ought not to stop short
of completing the work. Certainly they should not
permit the political necessities of the Street Depart
ment Democrats to interfere with so just a public en
terprise.
Ofcouxse, in common with his other admiring con
stituents, we shall regret to see the political powers
of Mr. Ambrose curtailed. But there ought to be
some other way of "doing" Democratic politics than
using the money of the Street Department to pay for
corner grocery discussions of the merits of the various
candidates for municipal office. It is notorious that
during campaigns the employes of the Street Depart
ment never work.
THE EARLY RAINS.
OUR early rains have begun this year with
showers of such profusion as to give promise
that we are to have anything rather than a dry
winter this season. They have, moreover, been wide
spread, and have carried their blessings to almost
every section of the State.
That some damage will result from such general
rains this early in the year is certain. A considerable
part oi the prune crop is in process of drying, and
the rain where it has been heavy will entail loss of
some of the fruit and a good deal of expense in saving
the rest that was exposed to the showers. Moreover
the grape crop may be more or less hurt, but reports
are to the effect that the injury to that crop is not ex
pected to be great in any part of the State.
It is worth noting that from nearly all the centers
of the fruit and grape industry it. is announced that
the warnings of the Weather Bureau of the coming of
the si.owers were given in time to enable the orchard
ists and vineyardists to prepare for them. Prunes that
had been spread for drying were stacked before the
rains came, and the loss therefore was much smaller
than it would have been otherwise. The usefulness of
the bureau has thus been again demonstrated, and
when all rural workers learn to pay attention to its re
ports the profit from its labors will be even greater
than now.
In any case, however, the losses from the showers
would have been slight in comparison with the gains
that will result from the early coming of the begin
ning of the rainy season. The drought has been long
and severe. It was beginning to tell upon the vitality
of the orchards in many sections, and fears were ex
pressed whether the trees would be able to form buds
for the fruit of next year. The showers have come in
time, it is to be hoped, to put an end to all anxieties
on that score, and to give every rural industry reason
for the hope o( en abundant harvest in 1899.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, PEI'TF/MHETI 27, 1808.
J. HOM LEWIS.
f^ ONGRESSMAN J. HAM LEWIS of Wash
l ington has passed across the stage of California
politics like a resplendent pageant. He has
faded in the distance, a vision of hair, whiskers and
fine raiment, and the odors of Araby linger in his
trail. For one too brief night he stood upon the plat
form of Metropolitan Temple and shed a sumptuous
illumination upon our local campaign, and then re
tired into his bandbox and left us, creased trousers
and all, for the more appreciative precincts of Puget
Sound.
His business here was to arraign the Republican
party for not keeping its pledges. He did not sob
forth his sorrow. It is not an inarticulate grief with
J. Ham. Its expression requires a resort to all the
parts of speech. But his set and permanent melan
choly over Republican shortcomings did not hinder
him in taking his audience into his confidence when
he came to boast that he had taken away the Demo
cratic leadership from Bailey, the tall Texan, and ap
propriated it to himself, .with all the hereditaments and
muniments of power. This part of his speech pre
sented himself, J. Ham Lewis, as the Dewey of the
campaign, who manned the parliamentary conning
tower, and by use of telephone, speaking tube and
wig-wag, silenced tht guns and drowned the ships of
Monti jo Bailey, and made him take water in a row
boat and leave his flag behind him. It was a pleasure
to look upon the rare and radiant, the airy, fairy and
iridescent person of the victor in this fight for lead
ership on the stormy Congressional waters.
Having captured leadership by the use of the smoke
less powder of oratory, J. Ham must hold it by turn
ing his vocal Krupp upon the Republicans, and he did
it. They have not kept their pledges is the casus belli
which this land and water, marine and submarine and
ultra-marine, warrior asserted as the reason for his
devastating presence on the platform of Metropolitan
Temple.
An examination of the record since McKinley's in
auguration, as shown in the reliable, non-partisan sta
tistics of commerce and finance, may be the means of
confining this opalescent and scintillating statesman
to an account of his victory over Bailey to the aban
donment of discussion of mere politics.
The day Bryan was nominated in 1896 the money in
circulation in this country was $1,506,434,966. Just
two years later it was $1,843,435,749, or an increase of
more than half a million dollars a day for the whole
period, or $20,000 an hour. Yet Mr. Bryan and his
men declared that in 1896 the only way to increase the
volume of circulation was by the free coinage of silver
at 16 to I. and the Republican party said the way to
increase it was by sound credit and restored confi
dence. The gold in circulation when Mr. Bryan was
nominated amounted to $454,005,064; when he was de
feated it increased at once to $516,340,279. A month
aftci McKinley's inauguration it was $517,125,757. By
December 1. 1897. it was $544,494,748. It went on in
creasing last winter in the face of certain war with
Spain, and on April i, after the Maine was destroyed
and war resolutions were pending, it was $582,129,724.
Then came the war, and in the midst of it, on July 1,
1898. when Shafter was hammering at the walls of
Santiago, the gold circulation stood at $660,959,880,
the largest amount in the history of this country. The
total circulation at the same date of all kinds of money
and every dollar of it at par in gold was $1,843,
4.35.749- This is the largest circulation in the history
of the country, and the largest per capita, for it
amounted to $24 74 per head of population.
In 1806 Mr. Bryan and the prismatic J. Ham Lewis
said that low prices were caused by the denial of free
coinage of silver at a ratio of 16 to I, and that prices
would never rise until the country had free silver.
Bradstreet's comparison of prices for July 1, 1896, and
July, 1808, proves that this pot of silver, the raise in
prices, was not at the place where the Bryan rainbow
touched the earth. That comparison shows:
1896 1898
Beef per bbl J 8.50 $11.30
Pork r>er bbl 8.25 10.00
Baron per lb 04 3-8 .06
Lard per 1b 04 1-5 .05 1-2
Beef in carcass IT) 05 1-2 .07 2-3
Hogs In carcass tb 03 7-8 .04 4-5
Mutton In carcass Ib 05 1-2 .08 1-2
Horses 65.00 85.00
Wool, O. Pa., per tb 16 .25
Wheat 64 3-8 .86
Rye 37 1-2 .52
Oats 211-2 .26
Throughout the list, including beans, barley, flour,
cotton seed, hops, flax, tobacco and hides, the increase
run? fom 16 to 25 per cent in prices. In addition to
this the balance of trade in our favor July I, 1898, was
$615,324,791, for during the year we had exported our
products to the amount of $1,231,329,950, and had im
ported only $616,005,159. So that we sold twice as
much as we bought and took the balance in gold and
liquidated obligations held abroad.
The effect of sound credit and sound money has
been felt throughout all the channels of trade, and has
changed the position of this country to the rest of the
world. Instead of being the world's debtor we are
the creditor nation, with the prospect of increasing
the debts of the nations to us during the next two
years.
J. Ham Lewis has come and gone, like a beautiful
e'ream. He was a lovely figment, but he leaves be
hind the impression that his charms are not for this
practical world. Let him hie to Arcadia and com
pare feathers with the lyre bird, or go down to Ore
gon to compete with the iris and gold of the cock
pheasant from Mongolia, who shames the glories of
the firefly, by the clear-winding Willamette.
BETTER THAN IMPERIALISM.
/■""* OMMENTING upon the readiness of the peo
t pie to sustain Congress in voting large sums of
money for war purposes and the certainty that
the jingo programme of colonial expansion will entail
even larger expenditures than those caused by the
brief conflict with Spain, the Pittsburg Dispatch points
out that since the nation is rich enough to bear the
burdens of taxation necessary to provide for these ex
penditures, it would be better to apply the money to
internal improvements than to foreign adventures.
The Dispatch says: "The sum of $500,000,000 ex
pended in improving the rivers of the nation, in con
necting the rivers with the lakes and the lakes with
the ocean, would give the entire population between
the Rocky Mountains and the Atlantic coast the
cheapest transportation in the world. A similar sum
expended in establishing irrigation on the arid lands
of the West would add more than 60,000,000 acres to
the productive area of the United States and increase
the wealth of the country by over $1,200,000,000/"
The proposition of course does not come within
the domain of practical politics, but it is worth con
sideration in contrast with the proposed expenditure
of hundreds of millions to establish a colonial system
and educate the mongrel races of the tropics in the
art of self-government.
It is a failing of humanity that both individuals and
nations are more willing to spend money for the sake
of prestige and cutting a big figure in the world than
to provide for comfort at home. Therefore money
for war is more easy to obtain than for internal im
provements.
Nevertheless the Dispatch is right in saying: "The
turning of public attention and public expenditure to
these and cognate questions will give the people of the
United States more real return than all the pchtfMl
for spending money for "imperialism" in savage hikl
antipodal regions.
THE CAMPAIGN IN CALIFORNIA.
WHATEVER defeat and disaster may a waif
them on election day, the fused faction* ol dis
content have at least fulfilled their boftlt of
forcing State issues to the front during the campaign
By nominating for Governor so irresponsible a dema
gogue as James G. Maguire on a platform s<> tht<\U
ening to all the interests of the thrifty and ittduitfioui
classes of the people, they have compelled intelligent
men to recognize that the chief issue in the contest
is that of preserving the State from the domination of
the Maguires and the Gallaghers.
The issue is the more -pressing because the pros
pcrity which followed the accession of McKinlry t<>
office and the speedy enactment of a Republican t.irilT
for the protection of American industry hns resulted
in a renewed activity among capitalists in the direc
tion of large investments and great enterprises. This
has been accompanied by a revival of the westward
march of progressive young men looking for places
in which to establish business and make permanent
homes. California, having vast resources undeveloped
and millions of acres uncultivated, will naturally at
tract many of these home-seekers, but the attraction
will be in vain if the government of the State should
at this juncture be politically unsound and antagonis
tic to capital.
If this had been a year of industrial distress and
financial embarrassment, if thousands of people were
out of work and times were hard, the Maguire move
ment would be everywhere recognized as one of the
most dangerous in our annals. Then its true nature
would have been revealed and its hostility to property
and industry would have shown itself in fierce denun
ciations of all kinds of thrift and all forms of con
servatism. As it is the leaders have had to be some
what mild in their harangues, but none the less they
have said and done enough to exhibit the reckless
character of their policies and their principles. To
defeat them is therefore a necessary step toward our
continuance in the paths of prosperity. It is a State
issue which no property-owner, business man or in
dustrious worker can ignore.
THE SITUATION fIT FASMODA.
GENERAL KITCHENER'S advance guard has
reached Fashoda and found there a French
force under Major Marchand. The British
commander notified the French that Great Britain
claims the territory and demanded their retirement.
Marchand replied courteously that France claims the
territory, and in turn demanded that the British retire.
The incident closed for the time with the opposing
forces encamped within view of each other; there to
remain on friendly terms until the diplomats of Lon
don and Paris decide which shall retire.
The situation is strikingly like, one which occurred
between the forces of the same nations when they
were struggling for supremacy in this country during
the middle of the last century. The British colonists
along the Atlantic had extended their outposts to the
crests of the Alleghenies, and claimed the Ohio River
region beyond. A French force marched down from
Canada and 9tarted to establish a fort at the point
where Pittsburgh now stands. George Washington,
then serving in the British army as a major of the
Virginia colonial troops, was sent forward to warn
the daring Frenchmen to vacate the territory, and did
so, coming up with their advance guard some dis
tance from the site where the fort was in process of
construction.
Up to that point the incident in America 150 years
ago was almost exactly like that in Africa to-day. The
results of the meeting of the two forces in the last cen
tury, however, were very different from those which
have followed from the meeting at Fashoda. There
was no courteous interchange of compliments and
patient waiting for diplomatists in the old days. Wash
ington attacked the French as soon as he met them,
and the fight that followed was the beginning of a war
that did not end until the French were driven out of
not only the Ohio River region, but Canada as well.
It will be seen the civilized world has made a long
stride since the last century. Nations are no longer
to be hurried into wars by the rash actions of com
manders of distant outposts. The pen of the diplo
matist in the capital dominates the sword of the war
rior even in the wilderness of barbarous lands, and
compels armies to halt in the face of one another in
stead of fighting as soon as they meet.
Tennyson, when in a fit of pessimism he wrote
"Maud," denounced with no little indignation this
curbing of the military valor of men, and said with
scorn: "The jingling of the guinea helps the hurt
that honor feels; and the nations do but murmur,
snarling at each other's heels." Few intelligent men,
however, will regret the change that has come over
the world. The incident at Fashoda will not be so
heroic a record on the pages of history as that which
took place on the frontier of Pennsylvania in the last
century, but it will none the less be a proof of the ad
vancing civilization of both the British and the
French.
Even the Memphis Commercial-Appeal takes up
the warfare against the First Tennessee stationed at
this point. It should bear in mind that in this regi
ment are about 150 untamed moonshiners, caught in
the Southern mountains, and never before brought
into contact with any civilization save that represent
ed by revenue officers. The rest of the regiment is
made up of as good blood as has gone to the front,
and the officers are gentlemen to whom the conduct
of the few scalawags has caused greater pain than it
could have caused to any one else.
There is no use in jumping to the conclusion that
California volunteers want to be mustered out of the
service, nor that the purpose for which they were
called to arms has been fully accomplished. On the
other hand, some who are being mustered out do not
accept the situation joyously, and there is no assur
ance that grave work does not await in the Philip
pines.
Charles Van Alstine, a returned Klondiker, who
married on a few hours' acquaintance, is reported as
"alarmed" because his wife has disappeared with most
of his ready cash. There is not the slightest occasion
for alarm or even surprise. While his belief that there
hag been foul play is well founded, Charles may be
reasonably assured that he is the only victim of it.
It is a fortunate circumstance that Aguinaldo should
have the columns of a New York paperthrough which
to address the people of the <vorld. It gives some
space writer the assurance of being able to look the
landlady in the face.
At last there seems to be a growing impression that
the Spanish must get out of Cuba. If recollection is
not at fault, American troops were sent there under
the stimulus of the same idea.
Highwaymen in the Klondike have begun to rob
and murder. Thus do the influences of a benign civ
ilization reach into and permeate the Arctic circle.
CITY FATHERS MAKE A BIG "CLEAN-UP."
Tiio Pupprvipiirs tr&nMcted lotni hnpor
tnnt buBHieRB at ihelr' Bi#etitt| PMttrda)
nfternooii, The report of ' tho'Gummlttco
mm Health and I'olldo, In favor of rollout-
Ing garbage by contract, "ami doing awny
with tin' present peaven*pr ayitom, w»p
unanimously adopted, The si'avetißers
were present In (<<<'•••' as ipectators, hay
ing Attorney llnnling . there mlbo us
ppokeHinun.
No action wus taken on tho ■ >iM« mi i<>h or
repavini Market ■tree! from Hlxth to Va
leticfla with bitumen. Tho petition rr<»m
property owner* on llMi thoroughfare,
asking that the bitumen be "extended at
onci as far as the «'M.v Hall 'i'i>u<, was
referred to the Street Cotnmitt< i Cap
tnin Delany afterward atated that there
w»H a welUdellned Intention on the part
of tho BupervlHors, lo h« understood, to
pave with bitumen <-n Mainot out tO Va
leticla, although no apecincatlona had yet
been adapt< Jin did not agreo with Su
perintendent Ambropo aa to the necessity
for knocking off work upon Market atreet,
Himpiy beoaUM tho UU levy nrjui low. im
provements .<>ui<i go ahead.
After thinking ov«>r nmttiiH on bunday,
Mr. Ami.M. ■■.>■ onoluded not to, take the
Initlatlvo In calliiiK tho attention oi the
SupervliKirn to hiH conoluulon that th«
Market-atreel Improvementa would have
to stop, "1 will Walt for tho board to
consider further repairing contract! on
Market street," said b*. "and then J will
send in niy communication atatlng that
the available funda of tho department
will not allow til work to be done. Al
ready there are aome 170.000 worth of bi
tumen contracts outatandlng which nuint
be met out of my appropriation. ti»lh is
all that it win stand."
Ju.st what will be done by the Supervi
sors regarding the project to bitumlnize
to Valencia Htrett will probably develop
within tlie next week, after the Street
Committee shall have had time to form
ulate a report. The chances seem fairly
good for the Improvement to be ordereu,
despite the objections of Air. Ambrose.
The board took no further notice of tne
recent communication from the Grand
Jury to the effect that it needed $5000 for
the purpose of conducting an expert In
vestigation Into certain municipal affairs.
On recommendation of the Finance Com
mittee the communication was iiled with
out comments,
Bateman Broß. were given until Janu
ary 1, 1899, to finish the Hall of Justice.
Xhe Clerk was instructed to advertise
for proposals for sweeping and cleaning
public streets for a period of two years
from December 1, 1898.
,On recommendation of the Committee
on Health and Police, the Supervisors un
animously directed tfiat a two years
lease of the premises, 507 and 509 Stanyan
street, be effected, the same to be used
as a 'police station and the rental to be
$166 per month. On its face the little reso
lution looked innocent enough, but later
Mayor Phelan raised a question. "I un
derstand," said he, "that there are no
such numbers as 507 and 509 Stanyan.
How is that?" 4>38
"Well," replied Delany, "the property
that we want to lease is that now occu
pied by Devany & Hopkins, the bicycle
firm."
"Supervisor Devany?" queried the
Mayor.
"Yes," it is rented by Devany & Hop
kins from Dr. Ragan of the School
Board," replied the captain. "The build-
Ing is to be refitted at Ragan's expense.
The lease will provide that.
Subsequently there was some explana
tion demanded by the reporters. There
upon Delany made this statement: "We
do not consider the rent too high, in view
of the fact that Ragan will have to ex
pend $3000 on the building to put it in
proper condition for use as a police sta
tion."
This statement was somewhat mystify
ing in view of the fact that $3000 expended
by Dr. Ragan, out of two years' rental,
would only leave him $984 profit, rather
a small sum. considering the location of
the property and the size of the build
ing, 60 by 100 feet.
"I don't understand It," was Mayor
Phelan's remark after the meeting ad
journed. "Property out in that neigh
borhood ought not to rent at such a fig
ure." It Is highly probable that Super
visor Delany will be called upon by the
Mayor to explain which is getting the
worst of the deal, the city or Ragan.
Stipervieor Devany claims to have no In
terests in the lease, alleging that Hopkins
and himself merely rented of Ragan and
are about to seek another location. 
—Supervisor Mnrtun was granted " thirty
days leave of absence from the State to
attend to private business.
A contract was awarded for the steam
plant at the Almshouse for $5550. Phil
lips & Smyth were granted a contract for
printing 2000 copies of the general order
for $1.70 per page.
The name of Morton street was changed
to Union Square. x
■William Tobin, Janitor of Police Court
No. 2, was dismissed and his place given
to John Devereaux.
Supervisor. Sheehan presented for con
sideration an ordinance prohibiting the
circulation, or distribution, of lottery
tickets, scrolls or devices, making the
same a misdemeanor, punishable by a
$20 to $500 fine, or imprisonment from ten
days to six months. Consideration was
deferred until next meeting. ~.
Supervisor Delany handed In a resolu
tion to take the license off nil nickel-in
the-slot machines, so that they could be
operated without restrictions, at the same
time prohibiting gaming with cards and
dice. This remarkable move In favor of
the nickel gambling machines will be
brought to the attention of the full
Board at Its next meeting.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work of the
Board.
The following is a complete record of
the street Improvements passed by the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
sion:
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET WORK.
Bush, Stockton to Powell— Paving.
Post, Leavenworth to Hyde— Same.
Southerly line of Peel, s avenue, Franklin to
Gough — Artificial stone sidewalks.
Devlsadero, Haight to Waller— Paving.
Franklin, Green to Union — Curbing and pav
ing.
Franklin, Union to Filbert — Same.
Franklin, Filbert to Greenwich— Same.
Franklin. Greenwich to Lombard — Same.
Lombard, Van Ness avenue to Polk — Same.
Second avenue and Lake— Paving.
Second avenue, California to Clement—Curb
ing and paving.
Second avenue, Clement to Point Lobos ave
nue—Same.
Octavla. Jackson to Pacific avenv ■ —Artificial
stone sidewalks.
Second avenue. Lake to California—Regrad
lng, curbing and artificial stone sidewalks
Aahbury, Waller to Frederick— Same.
Colllngwood, Nineteenth to Tv. .-ntleth—Curb
ing and paving.
Twenty-third and Harrison— Same.
Filbert, Hyde to Larkln — Curbing and pav
ing.
Liberty, Dolores to Church— Same.
Linden avenue, Gough to Octavla— Same.
Army. Dolores to Church— Same.
Twelfth avenue, from the northerly line of A
to northerly line of n— Grading, curbing, con
struction of sidewalks and paving.
Pierce, Vallejo to Green — Curbing and pav
ing.
SouthpaßtPrly corner of Green nnd Pierce—
Granite curbs, artificial stone sidewalks, cul
verts, etc.
Northeasterly corner of same crossing — Curbs
sidewalks and paving.
Kryant, Eleventh and Alameda— Curbs, side
walks and paving.
Bryant and Division— Storm water Inlets,
gratings, etc.
Brvant and Eleventh — Same.
Fifteenth, Folsom to Harrison — Curbing and
paving.
ballna place, California street to northerly
termination of Sallna place— Curbs, artificial
stone sidewalks and pipe sewer.
Llbeftjr, Dolores to Church— Curbs and arti
ficial stone sidewalks.
I, Twelfth to Thirteenth— Curbs and paving.
Rhode Island and Fifteenth— Curbs and pav
ing. ,
f>e Haro, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Pipe sewer.
Folsom, Army to Preclta avenue— Curbs and
paving.
Valley. Sanchez to Nde — Grading, curbs,
■idewalka. pipe sewer and paving.
Walter, Thirteenth to Fourteenth— Curbs,
paving, pipe sewer, etc.
Broadway, Octavla to Laguna— Artificial
stone sidewalks.
Northerly and southerly portions of the cross-
Ing of De Haro and Twentieth— S-lnch pipe
sewer, etc.
Easterly portion of same crossing— l2-lnch
pipe newer.
Westerly portion of same crossing— l4-inch
pipe sewer, etc.
Entire four corners of fame crossing—Cess
pools, culverts, etc., sidewalks and paving.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION
ORDERING.
Morton, Kearny to Grant avenue — Paving
with bituminous rook.
San Jose avenue and Thirtieth street— Bitu-
men.
Waller, Clayton to Cole — Rime.
Ashbury, Waller to Frederick— Artificial ston*
sidewalks.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
I, First avenue to Seventh avenue — Grading
curbing, sidewalks, paving, etc.
L, Ninth to Tenth avenues— Same.
L, Tenth to Eleventh avenuA— Same.
Montgomery, Green to Union— Grading.
Page and Baker— Sidewalk* and paving.
Cole, Hayei to Fell— Curbing and paving.
Clayton, Hayee to Fell— Same.
Octnvlii, Sacramento to California—
■ FinwiT. BtC,
i.iui r.it avfnuo, Flllmore to Stelner — Same.
J(>rfernoii, DpviKtulDro to I'.roderlek—
Utith, Twnty-flfth to southerly termination
or roitn«l Sidewalks, curbs, grading and pav
ing.
Dorij, Urynnt.to Brannan—Curbing and pay.
f'tigt", Flllmore \to Stelner— Curbing ancr
IniViilK. ■ "
Twenty fmlrth, Oiierr»*ro to Fair Oaks— Sam».
Nln<-t"Vnth avenue, northrrly line of I, to a
imlnt f-00 r.-.-t *outh of th« southerly line of \V
—OurblnK, *lili-wnlklng. grmllnK and paving.
RTCCOMMBNDBD HV I'EIUNTENDENT
, v OF STItEETS.
Wnller. Onlral to Buena Vl«ta avenue—
Qradlng, <-,irMiiK and pav4ng. .'
'iinirti, Qoldtn Oate avenue to Turk— Paving.
.Tonrs, llruudwity to — Curbinpr ann
I.UVIIIK.
Jonmt, Vnllojo to Green— Curbing and paving.
•Ton<-s nti'l Hroadway — Paving.
LntilKa nllfy, Hhlpl*-v. to the ■ northwesterly
t •Tin l ri;it i<>t) of former— Paving.
ICllzabeth tilace, Folaom to southwesterly ter
nilrmtlon of former— Paving. • .
Horich, Filbert to Greenwich— Curbing and
paving.
Twenty-fourth, Valencia to San Jose avenue
—Artificial Htone sidewalks. / "
Nineteenth, Castro to Hartford— Plank side*
walks.
WfHterly angnilar corner of Fifth and "Te
liama—Artificial stone sidewalks.
'■li<-i>tnut, Leavenworth to Paving.
RRKOLtITION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Kunhaa and Alabama— Bitumen.
Intersection of San Jose ; avenue and Vallejo
uti'-'t Same.
Piige, Baker to Lyon—
Page, Jlroflerick to Baker— Same.
Hyde. Filbert to Greenwich — Same.
H.ilxlit, Shrader to Stanyan— Same.
I'age, Stelner to Pierce — Same.
lIECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Masonic avenue. Fell to Bitumen.
York, Twenty-second- to Twenty-third— Same.
Washington, Locust to Spruee — Same.
Mission, at the Intersection of Brook— Same.
Mlsalon, at the intersection of Randall-
Same.
Seventh, Irwln to Hubbell— Basalt.
Seventh and Irwln Same. '
Filbert, Polk to Van Ness avenue— Same.
Filbert, Larkln to Polk— Cobbles.
PROPOSALS RECOMMENDED READVER
TISED.
Clement, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth—
Sewering. . BfijJPfl
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Clinton Park, Valencia to Guerrero— Paving,
to City Street Improvement Company.
Eighth avenue, Jto — To property owner*,
for (trailing and paving. ...
Vincent, Green to Union — Property owners,
for paving.
Eighth avenue, Point Lobos avenue to A
street — To property owners, for sewering.
RESOLUTION OF RELEASE OF CONTRACT.
Seventeenth, Sanchez to Noe— To J. J. Dow
ling, for construction of artificial stone side
walks. BB9S
FURTHER PROCEEDINGS IN ' STREET
WORK RECOMMENDED OMITTED. •
Halght and Shrader — For construction of
sewer.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Clinton Park, easterly line of Dolores to a
point 205 feet east of said easterly line of Do
lores—To Flinn & Treacy, sixty days on sewer
ing.
De Haro, Twenty-third street to a point dle
tant 466 feet northerly from Twenty-third.
Pierce, Chestnut to Francisco — To Warren A
Maliey, ninety days on paving.
Steiner, Cheßtnut to Francisco— Same. ' .
Ninth avenue, X to P— E. F. Dennison,
ninety days on grading, curbing and paving.
'■* California, Twelfth to Thirteenth avenues—
To L. C. Williams, sixty days on sewering.
Lower ■ Terrace, Serpentine place to Pluto
street —
PETITIONS REFERRED TO BTREET COM
MITTEE.
Masonic avenue, Fulton to Grove— Smith &
Murasky, for an extension of ninety days on
grading.
Grove and Hayes —
Clayton and Ashbury streets and the cross
ings of Grove and Masonic avenue and Grove
and Ashbury streets— Same.
Franklin street, Lombard to Bay— Propertr
owners, for paving and sewering.
Francisco, Van Ness avenue to Franklin-
Same.
Filbert, Broderick to Baker— San Francisco
Paving Company, for permission to construct
twelve-inch Iron stone i>lpe sewer and pave.
Sixth, Hubbell to Sixteenth— Real Estate and
Development Company, for grading,'
Fifteenth, Folsom to Harrison— Property own
ers, for postponement paving until they receive
a heart
Washington, First avenue to Cherry — Prop
erty owners, for construction of sewer.
Cedar, avenue, Octavia to Laguna—
Ludemann, for sewering. ■ .
:- Ninth avenue, tJ; to ! X— James McCoy, for
permission to construct ' a slxteen-lnch iron
stone pipe sewer.
Devisadero, Haight to Property own
ers, for paving.
Fourteenth avenue south, Railroad avenue to
N street south— M. C. Hogan. for grading, etc.
Treat avenue and Twenty-third— City Street
Improvement Company, for paving.
Harrison and Twenty-third— Same.
Twenty-thtrd. Folsom to Harrison— Same.
Harrison, Twenty-second to Twenty-
Same.
Pierce, Green to Union— Property owners, for
paving.
Sacramento, Kearny to Montgomery—Prop
erty owners, for the repair of sidewalks.
341 to 343 Tenth Citizens in behalf of
G. I. Raychester, for permission to construct a
basalt runway In front of the .premises as out
lined.
Locust avenue. Franklin 137 Vi feet westerly
Flinn & Treacy, for permission to pave.
Waller street— Charles V. Heegard, for grad
ing sewering and paving.
Market, Sixth to City Hall — Property
owners, for paving with bituminous rock.
Sixtsenth, Castro to Osbome— Property own
ers, for the establishment of grades.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE. •
Market, cast of Davis and Beale streets-
Property owners, against the raising of th»
sidewalks to the official grade.
Rl-ode Island, north of Twenty-third— Prop
erty owners, against the excavation of a poi»
tion of the street for sidewalk purposes.
Bush Property owners, against declar-'
ing the street a boulevard.
Pope, Mission to Cross— Property owners,
against opening and grading of the street.
Army street, Dolores to Church— Property
ownerß, against paving and curbing.
Berry, Seventh to Eighth— Same, against pav
ing.
Filbert, . Hyde to Larkln—
■ Franklin, Greenwich to Lombard — Sams.
Liberty, Dolores to Church— Same.
Howard, Army to Twenty-sixth— Andrei*
Nelson, warning the Supervisors not to gradt
the street.
REPORT OF THE STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PRE
VIOUS SESSION.
66 Market street— ln favor of granting
Detjen & Mengel permission to erect an elec
tric light sign.
1232 Union— ln favor of repairing plank side
walk.
Lundy's lane. Esmcralda avenue northerly—
In favor of/Krading.
. Fifteenth avenue, Nto Q— ln favor of plank
sidewalks.
Buchanan, Vallejo to Green — In favor of arti
ficial .stone sidewalks.
Locust avenue, Franklin street westerly— ln
favor of paving.
Hayes, Cole to Shrader— ln favor of clean-
Ing sewer.
Northwest corner of Fourth and Bluxome—
In favor of compelling owner to repair side
walk.
Sanchez, Liberty to Twentieth— ln favor of
an etension of I*o days on grading, sewering
etc.
Crossing of Liberty and Sanchez— Sams.
Seventeenth, Sanchez to Noe — In favor of
granting J. J. Dowling a release from his con
tract to construct artificial stone sidewalks.
Eighteenth and Sanchez — In favor of grant
ing property-owners permission to pave, etc.
Eighteenth and Church— Same.
Premises at the junction of Market, Kearny
and Geary— ln favor of granting permission to
place electric light signs over the entrance to
the 'building on Market and the two entrances
on Geary street.
Garden aTenue, Devtsadero to Broderick In
favor of the protest against sewering.
Palmer, Randall to Fairmount— In favor of
changing and establishing grades.
Market, Fifth to Taylor— ln favor of grant
ing $250 for construction of basalt block gut
tefways.
Osborn, Sixteenth to State— ln favor of pass
ing to print order closing and vac«\ Ing Oe
born street.
Pope, Mission to Cross— ln favor of opening
and grading said street.
Southerly line of Market, Main to Eaet and
the northerly line of Market, Davis to East— ln
favor of altering sidewalks to conform to the
Official grade.
Rhode Island, Alameda to Division— In favor
of referring the necessity of the construction
of a sewer to City Engineer.
Berry, Seventh to Eighth- In favor of pasß
ing subject of paving to a resolution ordering
Rhode Island and Fifteenth— Same.
Kansas, Division to Sixteenth— Same.
Lyon, Golden Gate avenue to Turk — Same
Vermont, Alameda to Sixteenth— In favor' of
passing work of curbing and paving to resolu
tion ordering.
I>e Haro, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Same
Rhode Island, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Same
Sixteenth, Kansas to De Haro— Same.
De Haro, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
In favor of passing work of sewering to reso
lution ordering same.
De Haro and Twpnty-thlrd— Same
Richland avenue. Holly Park to South ave
nue—ln favor of passing grading, sewering
and paving to resolution ordering.
Francisco, Webster to Fillmore— Same.
Valley, Sanchez to Noe — Same.
Wolfe, Peralta avenue to Isabel— ln favor of
referring; grading, regrading and paving to
resolution ordering.
Seventh avenue, Fulton' to C— Same
V Thirteenth to Fourteenth— Same.
Broadway, Octavia to La*una— ln favor of
pa«slng proposed erection of stone sidewalks
to resolution ordering.
New Montgomery, Minna to a point 80 feet
northeasterly— Same,
Folsom Twenty-sixth to Army— ln favor of
passing •cnstruction of curbs and paving to
resolution firilrring
Walter. Thirt-onth to Fourteenth— Same.
CaleaoniL Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Same.
cljt stnut and Polk— ln favor of passing pro
posed work of paving to a resolution ordering.
Golden G«e avenue and Lyon— Same.
• Vallejo, C, )U gh to Octavia— ln favor of pass
ing work of curbing and bituminous rock side
walks to resolution ordering.
Other petitions and. protests reported on ad
versely or tlKd.
TO CLABISSA.
A butterfly cf rose-lit June
That flits trom flower to flower.
And takes th* hor.ey.of the noon.
And lords It for an hour—
It (lashes In the summer sun.
It floats upon the wind,
And when Its minute sands have run.
Leaves not a trace behind —
So broke Clarissa on my way.
So did Clarissa fly; •
But ever since- our holMay
Another man am I.
. —Black wood' s Magazine.
ARQUND THE
CORRIDORS.
William H. Ahord of Vlsalla Is at the
California.
R. M. Straus, a mining man of Arizona,
is at the Grand.
."William M. Stewart, Senator of Nevada,
is at the Palace.
Railroad Commissioner H. M. La Rue v
at the Occidental.
F. A. Hihn, the capitalist, of Santa Cruz
Is at the Occidental.
L. TV Hatfleld. an attorney of Sacra
mento, is at the Lick.
State Senator Robert N. Bulla of Los
Angeles is at the Grand.
B. F. McCullough, a cattleman of Crows
Landing, is at the Grand.
A. D. Tower, a merchant of Nevada
City, and daughter are registered at tne
Lick, :
«i0«C(»'»O» 0« Colonel Jeff er-
$ son Doolinie, a
£ hero of many un-
fought battlesand
the pride of the
& Palace Hotel ra-
O' conteurs, recently
a- ■
8 HORSES ON
« THE
B COLONEL.
$ .
CfOOfOOOOOOO had sen adventure
which has advanced him three numbers
among the Palace Guards, of which Colo
nel Chadbourne is . senior officer. The
usual Saturday, night assemblage was in
session, and no .matter what was said in
the way of risque stories. Colonel Doo
llttle maintained a deep silence. Some one
noticed that his mind was far away and
made mention of it. The colonel came
out of his trance and told his tale:
"Gentlemen of the unspotted brigade,
whose honor has never been questioned,
my Badness is due to horses. Oh, no, I
have not been to the races. Worse, I
have been investing in horse-flesh. I
was about to make a trip up the coun
try a few days ago and I wanted to buy
a horpe for my own use. A friend ad
vised me to go to the stock yards, where
I would certainly get one very cheap. I
went, and he went with me. There the
horses stood around with numbers plas
tered, on their backs — skates- with every
variety of disorder known to Veterinary
experts. The catalogue of diseases which
Petruchio recites- in 'Taming of the
Shrew' were all materialized. Out of the
lot I noticed one horse with number 17
on his side. He was sound in wind and
beautiful of form, and I determined to
buy- him when the auction began. Soon
after the sale on number 17 was called
and I stripped for work. Ten dollars, $20,
$30, up .it went, and before I knew where
I was I had offered $80 for the horse. It
Eeemed to me that this was pretty stiff,
but I never like to be beat, and I stayed
with It. Finally I won at 190; the rest
had ■ dropped out. ■ .
"I felt pretty good, and after the sale
I went over to the auctioneer to see about
the delivery of the horse. He directed
me to one of the corrals. I asked for
number 17, and ten men. each leading a
skate, rushed up to me.. I had bought a
lot of useless horse-flesh. You see num
ber 17 was a lot and I got the entire
works. What will I do with them? I
don't know^ That's what- makej me
sad."
William Vanderhurst, a rancher of Sa
linas, Is at the Occidental.
H. W. Gorham, a mining man of Gold
Hill, Nev.| =ls at the Palace.
Edward E. Young, a lumber merchant,
and wife are guests at the Lick.
David S. Jordan, president of Stanford
University, is at the Occidental.
Mrs. Frank McLaughlin and daughter
have come up from their home in Santa
Cruz.
Mrs.. John P. Jones, the wife of Senator
Jones of Nevada, anS . her daughters,
Marlon and Qeorgina, arrived yesterday,
and are at the Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Sept. 25.-Edgar Mills of
Menlo Park and "W. P. Scott of San Fran
cisco are at the Holland House.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ELOCUTlON— Subscriber, City. This
department wiil not advertise the teacher
of any system of elocution.
THE POTATO-A. S., Cjty. The potato
as an article of food is not classed as ona
of the articles that_are hard to digest.
FOREIGN NAMES- Zed, City. The
pronunciation of the "Rubaiyat" of Omar
Khayyam was given in the! Answers to
Correspondents August 19 of the current
year "Rubalyat" i* one of the most
notable works of Omar Khayyam, a col
lection of 000 epiprams, full of wit, my 3 
ticism and philosophy
A PENSIONER'S TVIDOW-^J. C. T..
City. The widow of a soldier who was
honorably discharged from the service of
the United States in time of peace, on
account of disabilities incurred in such
service, and who was allowed a pension
by reason of, such disability, is entitled to
her pension, the same as if her late hua
band had served in one of the wars.
CTRCUJ«*JAVIGATION-C. S.. City. No
one has as yet circumnavigated the ex
treme' north coast of the North American
continent. There have been more than
two hundred- expeditions to search for the
northwest' passage. It was discovered by
several, notably, Franklin, Hudson and
Baffin. Greely and others have reached
very far north, but not far enough to dis
cover "a clear passage from the Atlantic
to the Pacific." ■
LAFAYETTE'S WATCH — Subscriber,
City. The Congress of the United States
did not purchase a watch for General La
fayette, but took one out of pawn for res
toration to his family. On t>e occasion
of Lafayette's visit to the United States
in 1825, his pocket' was picked of a watch
that had been presented to him by Wash
ington. Forty-eight- years after the
stolen watch was found In a pawnshop
in New York City and on the 22d of June,
1874, Congress, by joint resolution, ordered
the purchase of the watch and its restora
tion to Lafayette's family.
Cal. glace fruit BOc per Jb atTownsend'a*
This week; best eyeglasses; specs; 15c,
40c; 65 Fourth street, look out for No. 65. •
Special information ■ supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ' •
Why not lunch with a panorama of the
city before you? The Spre^kels Rotisser
ie, lath floor of the Spreekels building,
serves regular lunch with wine for 75c. •
My son." said tbre London business
man, "I must again caution you to live
within your means."
"Ha 3 anybody been- sending you my
bills?"
"Not yet. But you have been seen say
ing 'howdydo' to two dukes and an earl."
—Washington Star.
Angoitura Bitters, prepared by Dr. Slegert In
South America for hia prlrato u»«, is the beat
appetizing tonic. Accept no other.OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Mancfactnrers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insnrance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of th. Following Firm. Fletsa Mention "The Call"
ART WA«E AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlßtlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
ATtl^rsKlLUP &CO^gggg^
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
ii'U SCT6ENIN6, Shipping supplied-
\} % SCfieEMNG, Bv,aJvvayjtreet.
BELTINa
L P..DEGEN, l\%T^^rlos^^
Blon St.. cor. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA: BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Sp «eial Attention Paii to Repairs »nd 6hi Wort
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION STREET
.Telephone Main 5045.
~~" BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SANFRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CASCA FERRINE BiTTERS,
The World"s Greatest Tonic. Stomachic. Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. BIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO.. i;i7 Market Et.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY • STREET.
Telephone Main. ISS4.
~" COPPERSMITH.
. 7e«#ph Fox. Eupt. H. myth. Vtrr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumhlne, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
• Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
' DENTIST.
DR' C- W- RICuARDSi SD. aocmr K>arny. '
DRUOQISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON CO, s s o c n co s n t s da^ s T^
FIRE INSURANCB.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
411-413 California street, rear.
Capital Represented over $14,000,000
FLOUR. ~~
NiTIAVII Flour Mills. J. Martenste.n & Co.
ilAllVilAL BW. cor. Batterj- nnd Pacific st».
FRESH AND SALT M3ATS. -
IIC PfIYFS iv ffl Shipping Butchers, 101
JA>- I>Ult3 (I WU,, Clay. Tel. Wain 1294.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO., 11l Uarkln St.. fl. B".
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers oC all
kinds of Harness and dealers la Burfflea,
Carts, etc If you want bargains call or writ*
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., lmporters S Dealers
*in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
■: OF THE)
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE .
Alliance
ASSURANCE COMPANY \
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1897, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the Insur-
ance Commissioner of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and i
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company .' $152,174 26
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company.... 690.400 00
Ca*h in banks 63,101
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 1,750 00
Premiums in due course of collection 80,774 02 ,
Rents due and accrued 100 00 |
Total assets $8J5,300 27 j
LIABILITIES.
Losse* adjusted and unpaid $7,873 98 !
Losses In process of adjustment or ;
In suspense 1,687 06
Gross premiums on flre ricks run-
ning one year or less, $122,304 81; !
reinsurance 50 per cent 61.152 40
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $79,330 19;-
reinsurance pro rata 30,274 42 '
All other demands against the cora-
pany 7.540 09 j
v Total liabilities '. $108,827 95
> INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums •••••. •• $189,006 84
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages ■ 1,2616$
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and. from
all other sources 8,«!>2 23
Received for rents 1,5:.2 65 ,
Received for sale of fixtures 113 00
Total Income $170,«26 37:
EXPENDITURES.
T>t amount paid for flre losses (In-
rludlne 12,499 81, losses of previous
rears) • •••- $43.268 27
Paid or allowed for commlpsion or
brokerage • 88,95169
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for Officers, clerks, etc.... 12,559 45
Paid for State, national and local
Another payments and 'expenditures. 17i811 91
All other payments and expenditures. 17,811 91
Total expenditures $U5,941 28
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $52,339 35
Risks and Premiums. Fire Premiums. j
Net amount of ri^ks writ- ,16.196,702 $209.192 45
ten during the year.... $16,196,702 $209,192 4o
NPN P amount of risks ex- 12.X5.302 163,356 88
plred during the year.. 12.165.302 163,3*6 88
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 17.096.532 20..-S5 00
ELIJAH K. KENNEDY.
Of Weed & Kenr.f-ily,
United States Managers.
Subscribed and eworn to before me this 27th
day t>f January, ISSS. „. __ ...
F. FISHBECK, Notary Public.
C. F. MULLINS - - - Manager, I
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH,
416-418 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAH FRANCIBCO, CAL
v^jjjfv? t*nm W" Rlii non-rofi"inon»
« < ___V^ r ; "e4y for GonorrhOßa,
/SssirCV!tr.b '4ja £le«;t. Spermatorrhoea,
moor <n ' toSdoyi.vy Whites, unnatural dis-
JfmJf O»»r»nt«d g cburgt-fi, or any inflamraa-
KS>9 =ot «o itrietnr*. tion, irritation or ulccra-
<JPrcTeal» e«B»eiou. t'.On of II Co v • m»m-
KIuaTHEEvANSCHEMinuOo. kranen. .Son-aatringent.
WIPLciKCINHmO J£6l j Sn: <* *>J DraicyluJ*. j
VkSS^ U.S. a. _Sh ?r? r 8vIl! '•' Jirtin wrapper, !
jb^M ß— — - _RH i'? ''*Prfc«*. prepaid, fof
1 ■mUlTir t U Circular i«nt on reiinoet.
/gjg^DEWEY. STRONG &CO/g?*^
\£l^33o MARKETST. S.F.^£_&^
teweeklycall!
$1.50 per Yeai\ |
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
PliyO vn ,\* n ' Equipments. Fl«hln«
lllli\l\ Tackl *. Athletic Goods, etc Cen3
VUiIU £ or catalogue. OEO. W. SHREVE
789 Market Ftreet.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Wo 2!W o2!i £ n Fou "dry, Morton S Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castinirs of Every De-
senption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
\ JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
f* OLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 136 Sutter St..
v San Francisco. Telephone Mcln 917.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets. Casslmeres. Tw«edi and
Flannelß. 535 Market St.. San Francisco. CaL
Goodß for pale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCB.
SWI6S MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIM.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000
BTZ A CO.. Ag»nta.
101 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
TRP RFRVRARn MattrpM Co.. m Mlssloa
lIIC DEttMiAKU t . Telephone Mala 1«7«.
PAPER DEALERS,
WH I C TTF PULP AND paper co..
T? I LLM<TI ill[ 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Olflpfrt Ti-m nnd T,!irF>.t "^toft
PIANO and MUSIC STORE j
KOHLER & CHASE,
18 and 30 O'F'arr*!! St.
A corps of expert tuners and ret>iilr*r«. '
PRINTINO.
E. C HlinHF^ printer.
1_- \S- lIUVJIIL^, gn Sansome street.
SEWINQ MACHINES.
"flflMF^Tin" Pfseminently the mtchlne for
UUIIILOIIU family use. 1021 NUrtwt stfeet,
near Sixth.
SOAP.
G R LITCY R Cft m California street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te c^e B phlc PARTRIPGE gg&gS:
the BicKs-juDD co, SiSSTa'aS. n I
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
rorwurdlr-g Arents and Publlo Welgtiim.
General Storaee. Free and Grain Warehouse*.
General office, no California St. Tel. Mala m*.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLEf M.E & retail; send for samples, stat- '
Ing c;oallty & color. DUFFY CO.. 928 Howard. |
WATCHES, ETC.
TI lINTIV Headquarters for fine Jewelry aa4 '
• Ltnill, full 18-k. -Weddlnc Rln«s, 4 Sd%t
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
CARL F. HAAS manufacturer of wood art!- !
cles of any description. Planing, turnin* etc I
417 Mission Ft., tel. M. 5?27 " '•-• .-
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
i OF THE
Commercial Union Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1897, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $200.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $239,546 00
Cash In company's office 5 6$
Cash In banks 9,919 61
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 1.247 08
Premiums in due course of collection 16,833 47
Total assets $267,679 84
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $1,783 05
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suppenf-e 1,000 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $57,857 61:
reinsurance 60 per cent 28,928 81
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,458 39;
reinsurance pro rata 1,164 02
All other demands against the com-
pany 4,437 75
Total liabilities $37,333 63
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre ' t
premiums $57.770 91
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 7,21149
Total income $64,982 40
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding; $3,157 03, losses of previous
years) $34.834 11
Dividends to Btockholdprs 6,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission' or
brokerage 12,82136
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 1,164 96
Paid < for State, national and local
taxes ../. „ 2,040 10
All other payments and expenditures. 1,081 15 >
Total expenditures $37.96168
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year...... $34,720 26
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. [Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $11,955,801 $U0,C27 53
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during t&e year... 8,837,110 84,602 16
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 6.488,913 59,346 00
CHARLES SEWALL. President
A. H. WRAY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th
day of January. IS9S. . JNO. A. HILLERY,
Commissioner for California In New York.
C. F. MULLINS,
General Agent,
416-418 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAW FRAHCIBOO, CAL.
NO PRIN! NO PAIM
j2*F3fc^ Lowest Prices In tht City!
■. jj>s« " *^ s * < % GUARANTEED.
Slam- *i TEETH WITHOUT
& **la u___l fifil PL ATES A SPECIALTY.
■Ear : *_y» 991 Full Set of Teeth, ex-
•\S * £t»JsJ. trading; free.. 1)14 ,50 up
, Vj» jWSJISv Oold Crowns - 22ic
$^ AzP-STtL* FnUn^-'""-.-^--23o up
ELECTRO-DENTAL
V -^O^CfPl CL INIC,
\s&ik>*S&t*!l3x& Eulte 7, Flood Building.
•TT; •T. . 809 MAHKET ST.
Office Hre. — 9 a. m.. to 10 p.m.; Sun., 9to 2 p.m.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
fjreat M exican " remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, ; 323 Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1893.
DROWNED IN THE BREAKERS.
■f While trying to make a landing at Rockport In a small boat yesterday it capsized and Captain Hansen ♦
+ and a sailor named Englund were drowned. Another sailor got ashore on the bottom of the overturned +
+ boat and a fourth was saved with a life line. +
♦ ♦
DEATHS AND
CASUALTIES
OS THE FRONT
Captain and Sailor of
the Scotia Drowned.
FATALITY ON THE BLAIRMORE
A CHIPPER KILLED BY A FALL
INTO THE HOLD.
Arrival of the Steam Whaler ITew
port Prom the Arctic — She
Brings No Additional
News.
It Tvas "blue Monday" on the water
front yesterday. Four deaths, several
accidents and a number of captains seri
ously ill was the record for the day, and
it has not been equaled for a long time.
Two of the deaths were by drowning,
one was from falling down the hold of
a ship, and the other due to natural
causes. All in all it was a day that will
not soon be forgotten.
The steam schooner Scotia left here on
the 21st inst. for Rockport, Meniloeino
County, and arrived there the next day.
It was too rough to load, so Captain
Hansen stood oft and on with his vessel
and filially managed to make fast to the
mooring buoy last Sunday. The southeast
er that blew here Saturday night worked
its way up the coast, and yesterday it
suddenly became very rough at Kock
port. In order to save his vessel Captain
Hansen hau to slip hTs inoorings and put
to sea.
It was very rough, but the captain was
quite anxious to get word to his owners
in this city, so he had a boat lowered
and v.ith three seamen started in it for
the beach. Before half the distance hail
been covered the boat capsized and Cap
tain Frithof. Hansen and a sailor, sup
posed to be V. Euglund, were drowned.
Another sailor reached the capsized boat
and was washed ashore on it. The fourth
man swam into the breakers and the
people of Rockport, who were all on the
beach, managed to get a line to him and
he was dragged ashore.
When the boal capsized the Scotia
stood out to sea, and last night was
about two miles off shore, waiting for the
captain to return. The supposition is
that Captain Hansen wanted one or the
other of his mates to take the message
ashore, and when they refused on ac
count of the weather he undertook the
dangerous task himself.
The above particular* were received by
telephone from Rockport. The following
was sont to the Merchants' Exchange:
Capiain Hansen was formerly a quar
termaster in the employ of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company. Then he
became mate of the Scotia, but last Jan
uary was made master. He was a very
careful- man, and knew the coast well.
He leaves a widow and six children.
Another death took place on the Blair
more yeßterday. Over two years ago the
bark capsized in Mission bay and several
of the officers and men were drowned.
When the vessel was raised the owners
and underwriters began fighting over the
insurance money, and It was only a month
or so ago that the matter was settled
The Blairmore was then sold and docked
at "Harrison street wharf to be re-rigged
and fitted out. Yesterday while several
men were chipping the rust from the in-
Klde of the vessel an elderly chipper
known as "Captain" Edward Gregg, lost
hjs balance and fell into the lower hold
He died before a physician could reach
Michael Fey had an ankle broken and
was seriously injured otherwise at Tele
graph Hill yesterday. He was getting
rock out for ship's ballast when a Wg
piece fell on him. He was treated by Drs.
Hill and Zabala at the Harbor Receiving
Hospital iiml was then sent home.
Martin Johnson, iirst mate of the
schooner Albert Meyer, met with a very
serious accident yesterday. The vessel s
cargo of sugar had been discharged and
she was being prepared for sea. The
anchor wa.s being catted and Johnson
was helping the sailors. Suddenly the
vessel gave a roll and the fishhook that
\\; ; s holding the anchor slipped. The an
chor went overboard and the fishhook
lU-w back, and, striking Johnson in the
face knocked him Benseless. It was
nearly three hours before he knew what
had struck him, while his face looked afl
though he had been beaten with a club.
Thomas Reardon, a s-witchman on the
Belt railroad, had his foot badly crushed
early yesterday morning. He was switch
ing some cars, opposite Lombard-street
wharf, when ho slipped on the w^t pavf
ment and fell with one foot on the track.
One of the cars passed over the foot,
li'ith Reunion and Johnson were treated
by I'rs. Hill and Zabala at the Harbor
Receiving Hospital.
Captain Mclntyre is very sick on board
his ship, the Clan Graham, and Captain
Phillips of the May field has been removed
to St. Mary's Hospital for medical treat
ment.
The whaling stonmor Newport arrived
from the Arctic yesterday, via Chignik
Bay. Captain Leavett. who was in com
mand cf her whon she was frozen in,
has gone whaling again In the cannery
tender Thrasher, and Captain Snow of
that V<fesei brought the Newport down.
When the Newport left Chignik Bay the
ship America and the whaling tender Jen
nie wore at Karluk londlnjr salmon. The
crew of the Newport have nothing to add
to the exclusive story toltl by Mate Til
ton of the Belvedere in The Call last
March. Everything that happened after
Tilton left the Imprisoned whalers on
his memorable inarch to' civilization has
been duly chronicled by The Call's spe
cial correspondents, who went North on
the Bear with The Call's relief expedl
| tlon - ______________
Judge Mogan Reconsiders.
Police Judge Mogan changed hie mind
and will to-day try the case of Chief Mar
ket Inspector Davis against Restaura
tpur Falk for having diseased pork In hie
possession.
CELEBRATED
THE DAY OF
ATONEMENT
Observed With Fast
ing and Prayer.
SYNAGOGUES WERE CROWDED
RABBIS DELIVER MOST ELO
QUENT SERMONS.
Devotional Services Mark the Most
Solemn and Sacred Day
of the Jewish
Year.
The most sacred and solemn day of the
Jewish year, Yom Klppur, was observed
yesterday with full ceremonies in all the
synagogues. It was the day of atonement
and fasting and the solemnity of the
services held the worshipers from the
early morning till the setting of the sun.
The Yom Kippur services of Sunday
night ushered in the prayers and fasting
which continued until 6 o'clock last night.
The choirs of the Temple Emanu-El and
Sherlth Israel were augmented and the
beautiful and soul-stirring music of the
services at both synagogues was exquis
itely ' rendered. The white drapery, the
dim lights and the flowers lent solemnity
to the congregations of worshipers ab
sorbed in the devotional observance of
the day.
At the Temple Emanu-El every seat
was occupied from the beginning of the
services to the last prayer. Rabbi Jacob
Yocrsanger lectured early in the after
noon on a subject consonant with the
import of the day. His words were full
of warning and carried to the hearts of
his auditors the great blessings that came
from a life of religion, piety and good
aese in the liberal een.se of the words.
Rabbi Kieto of Sherlth Israel spoke
eloquently on the meaning of the day of
atonement. "The True Jew" was his
theme, which he treated in eloquent and
masterful style. He closed hia oration
with an exhortation to his hearers to look
well into their lives and strive to keep
In the paths of virtue and righteousness
and shun the habits of sin.
Rabbi M. S. Levy lectured at the noon
hour before an audience that fairly
packed the Geary-street Temple. He re
viewed the history of Judaism and ex
plained why the day of atonement should
be observed with full solemnity. Ilia
words were replete with religious elo
quence and went straight to the hearts
of his congregation.
The memorial services which be#an late
In the* afternoon at all the houses of
worship wre most impressive. The
names of those who died during the year
were mentioned and special prayers deliv
ered for them.
HER DAUGHTERS PERJURY.
idmission of Mrs. Tread-well's Moth-
er in the Reay Suit.
The old suit of J. M. Reay against
Mabel Treadwell, individually as execu
trix of the will of J. P. Treadwell; C. G.
Warren, as administrator of the estate of
John Butler and Arthur Inkersley, as
special administrator of the estate of P.
H. Owens, in which the plaintiff seeks to
recover titlo and possession of some fifty
acres of land in the. Dana tract, near the
old Lone Mountain Cemetery, is now be
ing heard by Judge Hebbard.
In 1862, the plaintiff .alleges, .he pur
chased the property from P. H. Owens
Subsequently J. P. Treadwell, at the head
of an armed following, drove off the em
ployes of the plaintiff and destroyed the
Improvements. The other defendants held
and still claim adverse titles.
The suit has occupied the attention of
the courts for decades. Shortly after
Treadwell's death the action was heard
in part. During the hearing it developed
that an affidavit of Frederick William
had been abstracted from the papers In
the case. Mrs. Treadwell was suspected
of having taken the document and was
summoned to appear and testify regard
ing its loss. She stated that she knew
nothing of the document, and the trial
progressed. Yesterday was the first day
of the second hearing. Mrs. Katherine
Summers, mother of Mrs. Treadwell, w»s
placed upon the stand and made some ad
missions that would have produced a pro
found sensation had Mrs. Treadwell been
alive to answer. Mrs. Summers testified
that her daughter uiq !».:■"■«» the document
in her possession during the first hear
ing of the case, and misled the court when
she stated otherwtae. Mrs. Summers also
testified that during the first hearing of
the ease, when the testimony of Leopold
Markgraff was rmtch wanted by the plain
tiff, she saw her daughter go to Con
Crowley, give him some money and tell
him to Mil Markgraff up with whisky, so
that he would be unable to attend the
trial. Markgraff was an important wit
ness for the plaintiff, and the admissions
of Mrs. Summers will greatly strengthen
his case. The case goes on to-day.
STREET BAILBOAD BONDS SOLD.
Los Angeles Capitalists Dispose of
Some of Their Stock in San
Francisco.
Quite a bunch of the Los Angeles street
railroad bonds change hands yesterday In
this city. George W. Baker, an attorney
acting for N. K. Hasten, a San Fran
cisco capitalist, bought one-seventh of the
bonds or the railroad company at 80 cents
on the dollar. This is a greater price than
they have ever brought before. At this
figure Masten secured $220,000 worth nt
$176,000.
The transfer was not unanimous as
two of the trustees voted against dis
posing of the bonds, but the majority
ruled, and Baker secured what he wanted
for his client.
The Hardtmuth lead pencil is the best In
the world. Try the Koh-I-Noor. •
HE CIME OUT
FROM THE EAST
TO BE DUPED
Another of Mrs. Grace
Allison's Victims.
STRANDED IN A BIG CITY
PITIFUL TALE OF A GB-AY
HAIRED OLD GENTLEMAN.
He Came Here Expecting to Wed the
"Wealthy Widow," but Was
Soon Heartlessly Dis
carded.
The police are occasionally hearing from
dupes of Mrs. Grace Allison, the "wealthy
widow" of Bain's matrimonial agency,
and yesterday one of them, an old man
with white chin whiskers and wearing a
pair of gold-rimmed spectacles, called at
police headquarters and told his tale of
woe.
His name Is Alexander S. Sampson, and
he came all the way from West Duxbury.
Plymouth County, Mass., to wed the
wealthy widow. He arrived here about
six weeks ago and brought with him only
$25, tvs he expected to get married at once
to the alleged widow and live comfortably
off her wealth. She saw him, and after
learning that he was only possessed of
a smrU! ;>iece of property in West Dux
bury she discarded him. His money soon
ran out, and he had to search for work
to keep him alive.
"I joined the matrimonial agency," he
said, "last December and start*Q to cor
respond with Mrs. Allison. The letters
were few at first, but toward March they
came more frequently, and I sent her my
photograph. I asked her to send hers in
return, but she wrote me that she did
not have one, and asked me to send her
$5 to get them taken and she would send
me one. Being anxious to see how she
looked I sent her the money, but did not
receive a photograph. The letters then
dropped off again, but I finally wrote her
that I was coming to marry her. and she
replied that she and Mr. Curtis would
meet me at the Sixteenth-street station,
Oakland.
"They did not meet me, but the day af
ter my arrival I called at the agency and
three times at her house on Jones street,
later. She received me cordially at first,
but after she found out that I was not a
wealthy man she would have nothing to
do with me."
Sampson brought with him all the let
ters written to him by Mrs. Allison, and
some of them are gems. They will be
taken to the postal authorities to-day, as
there is a good case against her for us
ing the mails to obtain money by fraud.
Mrs. Allison is still in the City Prison
as a prisoner of the United States Mar
shal, and Sergeant Moflitt took the old
man to the prison to see her. She is in
a cell with some other women, and the
old man at once picked her out.
"Don't you know me?" he asked her.
"No, I don't," she snapped. "I never
saw you before, you old fool. Say, girls,
what would I do with an old guy like
that?" and the women joined In her
laugh.
GOLDEN GATE'S APPRECIATION
A Reception and Banquet to the Band
of the Twentieth Kansas
Volunteers.
When Goldon Oate Parlor of the Native Son*
of the Golden West went to San Jose on Ad
mission day It was accompanied by the band
of the Twentieth Kansas Volunteers, and to
show its appreciation of the services rendered
the parlor last night tendered the members of
the band a reception and banquet In the ban
quet hall of the Native Sons' building. There
were ;irv»ent beside the uuesta of honor a
number of officers of th? regiment, some of the
non-commissioned officers, the majority of the
members of the parlor and a numberof specially
invited guests. They assembled at the several
tables set in the hall decorated with the stars
and stripes and the bear flag. After the good
... 1 ADVERTISEMENTS.
The quality, flavor, and
taste of this beer is so
exquisite, that one trial
order will gain us your
permanent and enthusi-
astic patronage.
\^.BliAJ2 BREWING CO.
MILWAUKEE. U.S.A.
, Louis Cahcn & Son, "Wholesale '
Dealers, 4J6-418 Sacramento Street, r
-'.'../■ San Francisco. .'- -, / V
ADVEETISEMENTS. 1 '^:,..-
■ ■ ;■ . • .■•■■. ■ - - . •
Everything New, Bright and Fascinating!:
We bave now on display this season's NOVEL-
TIES, in STAMPED LINENS, CUSHION COVERS,
TOILET SETS and BATTENBERG PIECES, most
of them being Exclusive NoVelties not shown
elsewhere, and at PRICES within the REACH
OF ALL.
STAMPED LINENS. CUSHION COVEBS.
AT < . AT " • • • "
=rr|r» stamped OPEN work: MOMIE OS NOVELTY cushion COVERS in
OUv LINEN SCARFS, new designs, OOW gray linen, a new material In a
' Each. 6lze 18x54. \ Each. large variety o.i designs. .
AT " • • ■ -•■ ■ -
rrtZf* stamped OPEN work MOMIE AT •
iOt LINEN SCARFS, «xtra quality, '7PZ r THE SWEET MARIE and MONO-
Each. size 18x72. . . . ; |4 Ot GRAM CUSHION COVERS paint-
i Each, ed on a new cotton n. terial. . '
AT . " •
eZfkn STAMPED LINEN HEMSTITCH- " .'
OUv ED SQUARES, pure linen, .size '
Each. 30x30. ".• '
AT
t\ELn STAMPED DRAWN WORK THII FT CETC
OOt LINEN TRAY CLOTHS, hem- 1 UILC 1 JLIJ. '
Each. stitched, siise 18x27. AT • •'—»•*•
AT Si I OJJ FINE IRISH POINT and
C A t- STAMPED LINEN HEMSTITCH- ;«P ■•'*'** .POINT DE SPRIT LACE
OUC ED OPEN WORK SCARFS, fine i Bet - • Toil«t Sets. of 4 piece*. .-.
Each. linen, size 18x72. gKjUftrtl • .'
AT :•. • : AT ■'■•..
OA/> STAMPED MOMIB LINEN Cl R(\ ' IRISH POINT LACE TOILET
ZUt TRAYS, sla« 18x27. «p*«*JvF BETS, ecru and white, new
Each. '■•' .•• '■*. ' - j Set - designs of 4 pieces. •
IAM.dULK jLAKIJ. c?q nin IRISH POINT LACE TOILBT
AT OX»UUi?ETS of 4 pieces, ecru and
Krk/-» TAMBOUR SCARFS, open work S . et - white,
OUt pattern, size 20x64. . ■ " . • . •
Each. - . AT ' ■
at iSI « *>£t TAMBOUR , SCARFS, . rich
>7ts n TAMBOUR BCARFS, pretty lace : S*V lace eftect> Bize 20x5 *-
4OC effects, si*e 20x54. j Each . .
Each.
AT AT .
Ctrl tPt TAMBOUR BCARFS, heavy «J»Q PS f\ TAMBOUR SCARFS, a hand-
<l>l«lO embroidery effect, size 20x54. <I>Z«llUB.ome design, and hew effect
Each, Each. of embroidery, size 20x54.
107109 POST STREET
AND -
1220-1222-1224 MARKET ST»
things had been disposed of A. Eberhart the
master of ceremonies, called upon I* red is.
Frank, the president of the parlor, who de
livered a short address of welcome. Then fol
lowed an interesting programme which In
cluded addresses by Past President Henry Oes
ford H. G. W. Dinkelspiel. music by the Kan
sas band, vocal selections by the Golden < Gate
Quartet, vocal solos by Sergeant Moore Corpo
ral Christi and Mr. Mahoney, Instrumental duet
by Messrs. Meams and Douglass, stories by J.
R. Mcls-aacs, recitation by Sergeant Bailej and
specialties by others. Lieutenant C. B. Walker,
adjutant of the regiment, in a few words re
turned thanks for the kindness extended to the
officers and the band.
Two Convicts Sentenced.
John Smith and William McElroy. who
a short time ago entered and looted the
residence of Rose Abrahamß, 222% Grove
street were sentenced to State's prison
yesterday. Smith was given five years in
Folsom and McElroy, unfortunate in hav
ing suffered a prior conviction, was
sent to San Quentin for a term of ten
years.
- ■ ADVERTISEMENTS. *
00 O 0 O 00000000
X It \ Lt^Ldf)
NOT OUR \
I FAULT.
o - -— o
n This week we make a special O
i ° sale of a line of Ladies' Pine O
© Shoes, button or lace, made . of q
i O the best Vici Kid, with new coin Q
o toes and kid tips, fancy circu ar "
w vamps and heel foxing and with O
O HEAVY SINGLE SOLES. O
O These shoes were made to sell q
! o for $3 50, but i* we ordered Q
them with extra heavy dou- g
° ble soles, with extension edges.
O and whenHhe shoes arrived and w
O the mistake in the weight of the O
X soles was discovered the manu- q
1 w facturer made a reduction, q
j O hence the chance for you to buy ~
I O as 3 50 shoe for |2 25. These V
O shoes may please you better. O
X with tne heavy single soles, as Q
1 w some ladles cannot wear extra q
O heavy shoes. ft
O All widths and sizes. **
i ? County orders solicited. O
y. Send for Illustrated Catalogue, q
| B. KATCHINSKI, g
O PHILADELPHIA SHOE COMPANY, O
' O 10 THIBD ST., San Franoiaoo. '• O
o ■ ' ■ ■--■ '■ ' °
000000000000000000
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
The Greatest Romantic . Success In Years.
The Charming Story ot Gallantry and Love.
AN ENEMY TO THE KING.
Elaborately Presented by the new FRAWL-EY
COMPANY and «
...BLANCHE BATES...
Every evening, including; Sunday— Matinee
- Saturday. Regular Frawley prices, 25c to $1.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
BRILLIANT SECOND WEEK.
NANCE -(O'INEIL:
' And the McKEE RANKIN CO.
TO-NIGHT and Wed.- Evening and Sat. Mat.
"INGOMAR."
Balance of Week— "OLIVER ' TWIST."
"BONNIE PRINCE CHARLIE,"
"THE AULD : SCOTCH SONGS."
DURWARD LELY,
• .. Paul's Famous Tenor, :In .
! SCOTTISH SONG AND STORY.
THIS v TUESDAY ■ EVENING. SEPT. 27.
SATURDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 1. f
SHERMAN -CLAY & CO.'S : HALL, '
■ . , 223 SUTTER STREET.' '
General Admission. 50e; Reserved Seato, 25c
■ extra. -,■■■/'.-■■- '/.■"■-:■'.'■'■■■- ";■"-■■ • >■ ;■_■;.-
• Ticketß and ; rewrved ; seat! may be eeeufed
at '. Sherman-Clay & Co.'s, or at , box i office
evenings of < concerfs. .'.."-■"' • '
HEAR THIS GREAT AUTIST.
AMUSEMENTS. :': '
morosco¥graiSs
W altkb Moeosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
RETURN ENGAGEMENT OF THE POPU-
LAR ACTOR,
JAMES M. BROPHY
As "SVENGALI," :
In Paul M. Potter's Great Drama
"TRILBY!"
Correctly Cast! Sumptuously Staged!
POPULAR PRICES "Telephone Green 861.
; Reserved Seats, . . . 25 and sOc
Family Circle and Gallery, .? iqc'.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
Corner Eddy and Jones Sts. Tel. South 435.
Th« FLYING AUSTINS and the HUMAN
, FLY, AIMEE, in her phenomenal act of ceil-
ing walking.
FOUR OLIFANS, Grotesque Novelty Artists.
FORD AND LEWIS, the Most Absurd In-
dividuals Llvinß'
NAT M. BRIGHAM, America's Ballad Tenor
ORDWAY AND RAND, the Wonderful Bi-
cyclist and the Tramp.
McBRIDE AND DALLON.Irish Comedy Duo.
Last week of MR. and MRS. DREW, CO-
RINNE, Grand Cake Walk. Reserved seats
25c and 60c. Box seat "Oc. Matinees Wednes-
day, Saturday and Sunday, 25c; children 10c;
any seat.
®
MR. and MRS. R. J. DUSTIN AND COM-
PANY in "THE MAN UPSTAIRS."
LEW HAWKINS, Monologu'st Supreme
ANOLO- AMERICAN QUARTET. Military
Sketch, "IN CAMP."
! SANKEY BROS., Novelty Gymnasts.
BESSIE BONEHILL, new songs.
, LOUIS CA2EAU. Wonder Magician.
MLLE. JEANNE FRANKO. Violinist
THE PAOLIS and DOG. ' •
i BIOGRAPH, new views.
Reserved seats, 25c: balcony, 10c; opera
1 chairs and box seats. 60c. : ; .
Matlneeg Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
I ! TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE.
) I Mr«. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
i LAST WEEK OF THE GRAND OPERA
- TO-NIGHT and Friday Evenings
! "THE QUEEN OF SHEBA."
, TO-MORROW and Saturday Evenings ' "TL
TROVATORE." .'
1 ; Thursday and Sunday evenings, ppeclal matl-
, S nee Saturday. "ROMEO AND JULIET
NEXT WEEK--THE BOHEMIAN GIRL "
; Look Out for "THE CIRCUS QUEEN"
. i Popular prices. 25 and 50c. N B— A re
■ served seat for the matinee. 25c. Our telephone
AT fA7m SKATS B7 PHONE
, ALUAZ,AK Main 254.
; YOU CAN'T HELP ENJOYING
N..C. GOODWIN'S Most Successful Play ""
"IN miZZGURAI"
Picturesque Scenery.
SEATS U'V;V .15e, 25c, 33c. 60»
Only Matinee Saturday.
NEXT WEEK— "THE WIFE." .
COMEDY THEATER. -
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
Comedten HAURY CORSON CLARKE
In Geo. H. Broadhurst's . Farce-Comedy
"WHAT HAPPENED TO JOINE J."
Professional Matinee Wednesday -■;
Ladles' (Fan Souvenir) Matinee Saturday.
25 a T^A m LL y p A a RR i T T SUDday '
Next Monday— "THE BIG SHOW "
- POPULAR PRICES.
CHUTES AND ZOO. *
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
UNQUALIFIED SUCCESS OF r
....PIETRO MARINO....
Violinist— YSAYE'S PRIDE! *
Muzino's Japanese Acrobats ;
And a Big Bill in the Free Theater, ■ .
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, ■ 5o;
SUTROJ3ATHS.
OF»EIS NIGHTS. '
Open Dally from 7 cm. until 11 p. • ra. .. '-, ■'■
ADMISSION 103 - - - - CHILDREN sc-
; •; Bathing, with admission. 15c: children,- '2oc.'-'.". :
' ftIYMPI A Eddy. ;' cor. ! Mason— GREAT '■ NEW
ULlinriA BILL. LILLIAN - MONTEREY"
! NADINE ALLEN; THE AMERICAN ANNA
' HELD; KELLY & VIOLETTE; . MAP.TIN'B
WONDERFUL DOGS; TRIXEDO, and otheri.
'Admission Free. Matinee Sunday.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley quiet.
Oats in Rood demand.
Corn and Rye still dull.
Hay unaffected by the rain.
Fair export of Beans.
Dried Peas lower.
Potatoes and Onions wrak.
Vegetables continue plentiful.
Butter and cheese steady.
Another advance in Eggs.
More Eastern Poultry in.
Cranberries in free supply and lower.
Wine Grapes advancing.
Peaches, Pears and Plums dull.
Raisins active and firm.
Dried Fruits continue quiet.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Hugs continue weak.
FRUIT AND SALMON EN ENGLAND.
Th* London Grocers' Gazette Bays: The firm
feeling In Ml: n noted in our recent i^su-s
continues, and prices Bhow a further advance
of about is per case for the ek, the tnta.l
advance on Fraser River salmon being about
C* per case, "combine" prices as a basis. While
business has not i-een particularly brisk, buy
ers are more eager than sellers; in fact, for
anything approaching a fair "line" of salmon
an udvanee above current rates Is wanted. For
the new season there is no business passing,
the opinion of packers being that top prices
have not yet been nearly reached, and conse
quently for the moment they are not sellers.
California fruits continue scarce and dear.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 24, S p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 66; Fresno, 64; Los Angeles, 82; Red
Bluff, 74; San Luis Oblspo, 70; San Plego. 76;
Sacram«-nio, 74; Independence, 66; Yuma, 102.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, :•!>: mean, 61.
WEATHKR CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm is to-night central Jn Washington,
moving slowly eastward. The barometer has
risen over California, Nevada and Southern
-.. and Is falling to the east of the Rocky
Mountains.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
Nevada, Western Oregon and Eastern Call
f. rnla. It has risen in Utah.
The weather is cloudy throughout the Pacific
Elope and rain is now falling ln Nevada and
Southeastern California. The rain to-day has
inflned to Nevada and California north
of Tehachapi. The rain will extend Into South
ern California to-night and Tuesday morning.
F recast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Sept. 27, IS9S :
Northern California— Showers to-night and
Tuesday morning, clearing Tuesday; fresh
southwest Wind.
Southern California— Showers to-night and
Tuesday; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Showers to-night and Tuesday.
Utah— Showers Tuesday; cooler.
Arlsona— Showers tv-night and Tuesday;
cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity— Showers to-night,
clearing Tuesday 111 ming: partly cloudy Tues
day; fresh southwest wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpais — Clear: wind
northwest, light; temperature, 59; maximum
temperature, 61. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— action of to
day's market at the opening was disappointing
to the bulls, and stocks purchased Saturday
on tri" favorable bank statement were speedily
let go and commitments made for the short
account. The higher range of London prices
encouraged the bulls, and efforts were made
to advance prices to a parity with the Lon
don figures. The rise In the foreign market
for Union Pacific showed that foreigners were
becoming reconciled to the dividend action. |
Opening prices were Por"— hat mixed, but the j
hesitancy waa soon succeeded by a general
plunge downward under the guidance of the .
specialties. St n loss orders were uncovered in ;
the leaders, and the market for a time was at !
the mercy of the dealers who searched dili
gently for weak spots Gossip that disagree- \
ment existed between some of the speculative
pools was i lored to some extent by the sever- I
lty of the break in spots. Sugar, after a dip
downward of a point, encountered supporting
orders and ruled above Saturday's close for
the remainder of the day. The railways mean
while tell Bympathelcally, but the losses were ;
confined t" fractions, and after the first rush '
to sell had abated settled down to a level
slightly above the lowest, and resisted subse
quent efforts at depression. The firmness was !
acounted for by the publication of numerous
trnfftc statements, covering a wide area of ter
ritory and showing substantial Increases. The
elimination of an active speculative interest |
from the market owing to the rlgfd observance I
of the Hebrew holiday, Yom Klppur, reduced
business consfrt*' >
Sugar moved up to 123 and the railways ruled
the best. The market left off unsettled, with
Blight losses generally. Call money rates stiff
ened sharpl- late In the day and 5% per cent
was quoted for a time. The great bulk, how
ever, of the transactions were made at 3% per
cent, and some accommodations were secured
early in the day at 3 per cent.
The bond markr-t lacked decisive tone, but
dealings were lls,'ht and variations in either '
direction unimportant. Total sales, $1,329,000.
Government bonds were unchanged on bid
prices, but a purchase of the new fours cou- ,
pon was made at *& higher than the last sale. j
Total sales of stocks 336,600 shares, Including:
At"hl*.m preferred, C7u; Burlington, 6775; Man-
Imttan. 36G5; Metropolitan Street Hallway,
3665; Northern Pacific, 15.715; Northern Pacific
preferred, "Tl4; Rock Island, 3334; Union Pa-,
cific, 14.935; St. Paul, 8200; Union Pacific pre- '
ferred, 5329; American Cotton Oil, 5945; Ameri
can Tobacco. 118,280; C. G. W., 7865; People's
Qas, 19,3*5; Sugar, 46,930; United itates Rub
ber, 9104.
CLOSING STOOKS.
Atchlson 12%15t P M & M 165
Do prefd -. 33% So Pacific ........ 23H
Baltimore & Qhlo 44 So Railway 8%
Canada Pacif^ .. E6 1 Do prefd 33% :
Canada Southern. 53 Texas & Pacific. 13%
Central Pacific .. 2.".% Union Pacific .... 33V« j
Ches & Ohio 22>i Do prefd 65% !
Chi & Alton 157 U P D & G 5%
Chi B & Q 114-v Wabash 8
Chi & E 111 H%l Do prefd U.%
Do prefd 106 W&LE.3d ast pd. 2 •
C C C & St L.... 41 Do prefd 17
Do prefd S3 Express Companies —
Del & Hudson... 1M Adams Ex 113
Del L & W 143 American Ex .... 130
I>.n & R G 13% United States 41
Do prefd X \\v:is Fargo 120
F.rie (new) J3% Miscellaneous-
Do Ist prefd.... 35% A Cot Oil 37%
Fort Wayne 171 Do prefd 86 !
Gt Nor pr«»fd US Amn Spirits 12% !
Hocking Valley... fi% Do prefd 36%
Illinois Central .. Ill* Am Tobacco 139%
Lake Erie & W.. 17 Do prefd 128
Do prefd 74 People's Gas 102%
Lake Shore 200 Cons Gas ISO
Louis & Nash — U>Va Com Cable Co 170
Manhattan L 96% Col F & Iron 2<"'>4
Met St Ry 156 Do prefd 80
Mich Central .... 103 Gen Elec (01d)... 45%
Minn & Bt L.... 27 Illinois Steel 67 i
Do lf=t prefd ... 88% Laclede Gas 49% :
Mo Pacific 23V« Lead 33%
Mobile & 0hi0.... 27% Do Drefd ........109%
Mr. X ft T.. ...... 11 Nat Lin 0i1...... 3V* !
Do prefd 32% Haw Com Co 27%
Chi Ind & 1*.'..;. 8 Pacific Mall 32% !
Do prefd 30 Pullman Palace... 18S
N J Central 91% Silver Certificates 61
N V Central 115% Stand R& T 7 I
N V Chi .v St L.. 12% Sugar 120%
Do Ist. prefd 63 Do prefd 109%
Do 2d prefd.... 31 T C & Iron 2&\±
Nor West 14% U S Leather 6%
No Arner Co f,% Do prefd 6S
No Pacific 41% U S Rubber- 45%
Do prefd 7> ■- Do prefd 104 |
Ontario & \V 15% West Union HT4
Or R & Nay 55 C & N W 130%
Or Hhort Line 28 Do prefd 17.'-%
Pittsburg 169 St LAS W 4-.. !
Reading 17-4 Do prefd ll'i i
Do Ist prefd.... 43% R G W 27
Hock Island 101 v Do prefd G5
St Louis <S- S F.. 7% Intl Paper Co 63
Do Ist prefd 65 Do prefd 86%
Do 2d prefd.... 31% Pac C Ist prefd... 84
Bt Paul 107* * Do 2d prefd 63
Do prefd lS3%|Chl G W.... ir.%
Et P & Om 79% Minn Iron 93
Do prefd 137% l
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 105% N.J C £s 113% I
U S new 4s reg.. 127% N Carolina 6s 125
bo coup 127% Do 4s 103
V S 4s 110' i No Pac lsts 112%
Do coup 112% Do 3a 67
DO 2ds 99 Do 4s 101U
U .-' 6a reg US N YC& St L 4s. 106%
Do 6b coup 113 Nor & W Cs 123
District 3.cr, 117% Northwstm cons. 142%
Ala class A 10S Do . i . - 1 . 55.. 120
Do B 108 O Nay lsts .'. 113
Do C . 100 0 Nay 4s 99%
Do Currency ... 102 0 S Line 6s tr.... 127
AtchlFon 4s Po OS Line 5s tr.... 105%
Do adj 4k 71% Pacific 6s of 95... 102%
Can Bo 2ds I*--- rteadlnir 4s S>2%
Chi Term 4s 90 R U \\- Ists.r S$
C & Ohio Ec 115 <t L&I M C 6s. 99
C JI & D 4%5..... 104% St L & S F G 6s. I19»i
D& R G ißts 110 St P Con 151
■ & R G 4s M • St r C & P lsts.. 119
East Term lsts.... 10S% Do 5s 117 ,
P>-le Gen 4s ..70 So Railway 5s TiV.
FW A D lsts tr. 7* Stand R & T 65.. 7C
Gen Elec 5a 10S Term n»w set 35.. S2«
GH& S A C 5.... 10S Tex P L G lsts.. 100%
Do 2ds 10', Do Rr 2d5...... 44
H & T C n5....... 110% Union Pac 45..... SBVI
Do con 65... 110 U PD & C, lsts. 774
lowa C lsts 103% Wab Ist 5s 111%
Ln. new cons 45.. 103 Do 2ds ;.... 89%
L & N Unl 45.... BJ W Shore 45.;..... 109%
Missouri Gs 100 jVa Centuries ..... 7G>4
MX & T 2ds 62% Do (Werrod .... 6
Do 4s ..".:: 87% Wis Cent lsts.... 66%
N V Central lsts. 115%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar Ontario ........... 3£o
Crown Point ..... 15!Ophlr ...;.. 43
Con Cal & Va 70' Plymouth •.. 12
Deadwood . r. . IQulcksllver ....... ,« I 25
Gould & Curry.. 20 j Do prefd ........ Bto
Hale & Norcrosa. 80 Sierra Nevada — 70
Homestake 45 00 Standard 160
Iron Sllv<— 75 Union Con 21
Mexican .. 22 1 Yellow Jacket — 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ,Union Pacific .... 33%
Call loans 2%©4101 d G«.n Elec... 48%
Time loans 4 ®5 Ed El Tel 185
Stocks—' Gen Elec prefd.. 101%
A T & S F 12% Atch prefd ....... 34
Amer Sugar 121 New Gen Elec.... 170
Do prefd 110 Bonds-
Bay State Gas... V£ Atcliison 4s 93
Uefl Telephone.... 282 Mining .Shares—
Boston & Albany. 259 Allouez Mln Co:.. 3%
Boston & Maine. l«3Vi Atlantic 25*4
Boston L 69?* Boston & Mont... 225
Chi Bur & Q 115 Butte & Boston.. 24%
FltcntmrE ... 104*1 Calumet & Hecla. 57;,
Gen Elec (newV. 81H Centennial 17%
Illinois Steel 68 Franklin IS
Mexican Central.. 6% Old Dominion .... 29
N T & N Eng... 98 Osceola 66%
Old Colony 191 Quincy 118
Rubber 45% Tamarack 172 I
West End 85 .Wolverine 26
Do prefd 106 Parrott 23<^.
Westlnghouse El. 85Vi! Humboldt 4%
Do prefd S7 I
MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.-3 p. m. Money on
I call steady, 3 to 5 per cent; last loan, 3% per
! cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4@5 per cent.
Sterling exchange firm, with actual busi
[ nes6 in bankers' bills at $4 S4@4 84V4 for demand
| and $4 81Vi@4 81 Vi for 60 days; posted ' rates,
U 82%@4 S5; commercial bills, $4 80K®4 80%.
Ellver certificates, 61@62c.
Bar silver. 60 IC-16c.
Mexican dollars, 47^4c.
Government bonds steady; State bonds firm;
railroad bonds irregular.
CLOSING:
LONDON, Sept. 26— Canadian Poolflo, 89%;
Grand Trunk, 7%; bar silver, 23 3-16 d; money,
2 per cent.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— The Evening Post*
London financial cablegram says: To-day be
ing the eve of the settlement . and a Jewish i
holiday the stock markets here were lifeless, j
while the tone was dull on the political situa- |
tion. A recovery of the Argentines and Kaffirs
was the only exception.
Americans were dull and featureless. Union
Pacific was supported and Louisville and Nash
ville was offered.
It is reported . that a. large proportion of the I
gold withdrawn from the Bank of England for I
New York last week was not shipped, but I
cannot confirm the story- Russia and Ger
many are the only buyers of gold for the mo
ment at 77s liy»d.
To-day'e slightly easier discount rate here
, was due to the action of the American money
and sterling markets.
MADRID, Sept. 26 —Spanish fours closed to- |
day at 66. Gold was quoted at 57.50.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE. .
NEW YORK, Sept 26.— FLOUR—
28,568 barrels; exports 15.000 barrels. Firm at
the close, with trade fairly active.
WHEAT— Receipts, 554,026 .bushels; exports,
342,051 bushels. Spot strong; No. 2 red. 77N@
77% c f. o. b. afloat spot. Options opened easy i
and were affected for a time by lower cables, i
an Increase on passage and big spring wheat I
receipts. Later shorts were driven in by export '
demand and an unexpectedly big visible supply ;
decrease. The clo3e was f H,'ii\c net higher. No. i
2 red May 65%#69%c, closed 69% c; September,
*4 t V'!7."*«i,c, closed 71% c.
HOPS— Strong.
WOOl.— Quiet.
PIG IRON— DuII; exchange, $6 85.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet: exchange, $12 25.
TlN— Dull; exchange. $16 10.
LEAD— DuII; exchange $3 95; brokers, $3 85. I
SPELTER— exchange, $4 82%.
COFFEE— CIosed steady to five points lower.
SUGAR — Raw quiet; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal 96 test, 4 5-lGc.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7467 packages, steady. !
Western creameries, 17<5 21c; Elgins, 21c; fac- i
tory. Il%@l4',ic.
CHEESE— Receipts, 477S packages; firm. |
Large white. SVaS^c: light skims, 5%@6%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 1709 packages; steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— California Dried
Fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES-Common, 6@Bc;
prime wire tray. B^c; choice, 9c; fancy, 9">.c.
PRUNES- 4.j^-c
APRICOTS -Royal, 11013 c: Moorpark. 12<!T16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7fc9c; peeled. 12915 c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
', CHICAGO, Sept. Wheat Bhowed consld
| erable weakness at the start. Both foreign and
domestic news was of a bearish nature. Liver- '
pool Ehowed %@l%d decline and Paris was oft
:15 centimes. Receipts .here were 312 cars, of •
: which 33 were of contract grade. Besides this
! about 200,000 bushels of contract wheat was re
ceived by lake and out of private houses. Min
neapolis ana Duluth reported 1663 cars, against
! 1993 last- week and 1427 a year ago. Before the
market had fairly started weakness began to
develop in cash wheat in the Northwest, which
had Its effect here. The market touched 63% c
for a moment, but selling pressure was too
much for the very moderate demand and prices
slowly sagged oil. For the first hour or so
1 nothing occurred to check the bearishness, ex
cept an indication that the visible supply state
| ment might show a decrease instead oi show
ing 1,000,000 buthels increase as expected. .Li
quidation became less urgent after that and
the market rallied to «3Vic. No more fluctua
tions of note occurred until' after the visible
supply statement came out. This was a sur
prise, showing a decrease of SSO.OOO bushels,
and an instant change in the tone of the mar
ket was noticed. Professional shorts and early
sellers rushed for cover and found considerable
dlfliculty in satisfying their demands. Another
I feature in the strength was rumors of heavy
I export engagements, the statement being- made
that 100 loads had been disposed of late Sat
'■■ urday night and to-day. These figures were
disputed by shippers, but had their effect
nevertheless. Primary receipts amounted to
1,792,000 bushels; amount on ocean passage in
creased 2.450.000 bushels. The market became
; very strong toward the close, trading increas
j ing greatly In volume and a substantial ad
vance in prices took place. December closed
%c higher.
Corn was slow until near the close, when It
developed considerable strength. December
closed Me higher.
Oats were dull and uninteresting until near
; the close, when. in sympathy with wheat and
corn, the market became fairly active and
firm. May closed a Bhade higher.
Provisions were fairly active. Yellow fever
i ■news and liberal hog receipts were responsible
j for weakness at the opening and lower prices
i prevailed for some time. Demand from pack
ers and shorts l<ecame fairly heavy later, and,
offerings falling off, prices advanced rapidly.
January pork closed 15c higher. January lard
7%c higher and January ribs 7%c higher.
■ The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 66% 67% 6C% 674
December 63Vi 64% 63 64%
May ; 64% 65% 64% 65%
I Corn No. 2—2 —
September 29% . 29% 20% 29%
December 23% 39 2,")% 30
May 31% 22 31% 32
Oats No. 2—
September 21% 21% 21% 21%
December 20% 21 20% 21
May 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mpss Pork, per barrel —
October ..8 25 8 30 S 25 8 30
! December 8 20 8 40 8 20 S 40
January 9 02% 9 27% 9 02% 9 27%
1 Lard, per 100 pounds—
| October 475 4 87% 475 4 87%
1 December 4 80 4 90 4 80 4 80
I January .." 4 S3 5 00 4 85 5 00
Short Ribs, p«>r 100 pounds
i October 5 22% 5 32% 5 22% 680
| January 475 4 82% 475 4 82%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. i spring wheat, 62%@63%c:
No. 2 red. C7@67%c; No. 2 corn, 29%fi29%c; No.
2 oats, 22® 23c; No. 3 white. 23>4ti2lc; No. 2
rye 47% c; No. 2 barley, 33@43c; No. 1 flax seed,
90>4<ijS0%c; prime . timothy seod, $2 47%'@>2 f»0;
! mess pork, per barrel. $5 30igS 35; lard, per lOu
! pounds, $4 87%<g4 92%: short ribs s4des (loose),
■ $5 20@'5 40; dry salted - shoulders (boxed), 4%@
1 4%c: short clear sides ' (boxed), $5 45@5 55;
! whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
SI 25. „■ ' _____
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17.000 . 11.000
Wheat, bushels 126,000 309,000
Corn, bushels 520.000 430,000
Oats, bushels '. 492.000 465.00<>
Rye, bushels 17,000 25.000
Barley, bushels 103,000 5G.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
' market was steady; Creameries, 13@20c; Dai
ries, 11%@17c. Cheese, steady, 7@S%c. Eggb,
firm; fresh, 14c. J-V;'r- /•-.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
• Receipts. Shipment*.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis '. 727.920 80.660
Duluth 428,175 311,257
Milwaukee 87,750 6,300
Chicago 126.500 309,326
Toledo 43,058 • 4,000
St. Louis 12,400 14.000
Detroit 14,546
Kansas City ............189,000 £2,000
Totals 1,633,347 777,743
. Tidewater 1 — *
Boston 13,044
New York 554.025 342.0T.7
Philadelphia ....;...:..... 6,740 2,687
Baltimore ..:.:;.r...7.V........ 63,274 24,000
New Orleans .........;. -..*■
Galveston ......... 36,104 ' '.91,200
Totals 663,187 4.19,944
LIVERPOOL FUTURES. ■
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening ...6. 6 5% r 6 5»4
Closing 6 6 4% : 5 6%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Sept. Nov.-Feb.
Opening ..........43 43 4"5 SO
Closing . 47 70 46 75
Wheat-
Opening 22 V) 21 90
Closing ". — 2175 21 75
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1898.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON,'. Sept. 26.— Consols, 109 13-16; silver,
28 3-16 d; French rentes, 102f 60c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing: doing; cargoes on passage,
buyers and sellers apart English country. mar
ket*, generally 6d dearer; -wheat imports into
United Kingdom, 232,000; flour imports into
United Kingdom, 231,000: wheat and flour on
passage to United Kingdom, 1,400,000; wheat
and. flour on passage to Continent, 1,040,000; In
dian shipments of wheat to United Kingdom,
25,000; Indian shipments of wheat to Continent,
2000.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. Wheat, steady; wheat
in Paris, easy; flour in Paris, easy; French
country markets, easier.
COTTON— Uplands, 3>,(id.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. 20.— CATTLE— Native beef
steers sold at $I@4 50 for the common and up
to $4 70@4 85 for fancy lots, which are hard
to find, the bulk of the offerings crossing the
scales at \i 90@5 GO. There waa a good demand
for stockers and : feeders and the best kinds
brought high prices. Butchers' and canners'
cattle were In good demand at steady prices,
and so were calves. Western rangers were not
quite ias active as usual and averaged u'jiluo
lower.
HOGS— at an extreme range of $3 40@4 05
for the commonest to the best offerings, the
greater part going ior $3 75(f?3 95, while pigs
sold chiefly at $31i3 25 for light weights, with
heavier lots at ?3 30®3 75.
SHEEP— Prices were steady on a basis of
$2 73'g'3 60 for Inferior to common sheep, up to
$4 50@4 75 for a few lots of prime to fancy
natives. Western range sheep selling at $3 oO'gi
4 60. Prime Sl-pound lambs sold up to $6 25.
The commonest lambs sold at $3 75@4 and fat
range lambs brought $5 40g5 60.
Receipts— 21,000; Hogs, 36,000; Sheep,
19,000.
DENVER.
DENVER, Sept. 26.— CATTLE— 1000.
Market steady but quiet. Beef steers, $3 60®
4 30; cows. $2 50@3 75; feeders, freight paid to
river, $3 75@4 20; stockers, freight paid, $3 80®
4 30; bulls stags,. etc., $2@3.
HOGS— Receipts, 300. Market weak and
lower. Light packers. $3 76@3 80; mixed, $3 70@
8 75; heavy, $3 55<JT3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market Bteady and
unchanged.
KANSAS CITT. •.'.',.>
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 26.— Receipts,
11.000. Best steady; others weak to 10c lower.
Native steers, $3 45<§>5 f>o; Texas steers, $3 15(gi
4 35; Texas cows, $2 80®3 05; native cowb and
heifers, $1 50@4 50; stockers and feeders, $3 25®
4 75; bulls, $3@3 90.
HOGS— Receipts, 5500. Lights firm; others
weak. Bulk of sales. $3 70^3 80; heavies. $3 70
05 SB; packers, $3 65@3 85; mixed. $3 Co@3 80;
light. $3 Cs@3 90; yorkers, $3 So@3 90; pigs, $3 55
<SZ 70.
SHEEP— 7000. Market steady.
Lambs, |4 DO^fu; muttons, $3 20@4.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Sept. 26.— CATTLE— 6900.
Market active, steady. Native beef steers, J4 40
(i? 5 40; Western steers, $3 70@>4 40; Texas steers,
$3 50(£?4; cows and heifers, $3@4; stockers and
feeders, $3 75tf?4 60; calves, $4 50@6 50; bulls,
stags, etc., $2 25(513 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 2900. Market 6c lower.
Heavy, $3 67%@3 75: mixed, $3 70^3 72^; ll^ht,
|3 72%<??3 75; bulk of sales. $3 70@3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4500. Market 10(g>15c higher.
Native muttons, $3 70f§4 30; Western muttons,
$3 60@4 25; stockers, $3 50@4 10; lambs, $i@s 40.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
MONTREAL, Sept. 26.— Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day as
follows:
Pears— Bartletts. $2 OC@3 09, average $2 15.
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction as fol
lows:
Pears— Bartletts, $2 40<??2 65, average $2 46.
Grapes— Tokays. 80c® $1 60; Malagas. $1 29;
Italian, 99c. Eight cars were sold. Weather
fair. -
NEW TORK, Sept. 26.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction as follows:
Prunes— Hungarian. $1 22: Italian, $1 35.
Porter Brothers Company sales of California
fruit:
CHICAGO. Sept. 26.— Pears— Bartlett, $2@3
box and $1 15 half box; Beurre Clairgeaus, Jl 75
box. Grapes — Tokay, $2 50 double crate and 95c
(itl 45 single crate; Cornlchon. $1 20; Muscat,
86c@*l 15. Peaches— Salway. 65@S2c box.
NKW YORK, Sept. 26.— Pears— Bartlett, $2 70
box. Grapes— Tokay. Jl 16® 170 single crate;
Black Morocco. $1 60; Malaga, $1 60; assorted,
60c@Jl 56; Muscat. 75®90c. Peaches— Salway,
76090 c box: George's Late, 85c. Eleven cars
sold to-day.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in Btore and afloat on
Saturday. September 24. as complied by the
Now York Produce Exchange. Is as follows:
Wheat, 9.308 bushels; decrease, 880,000.
Corn, 19,6£2,000 bushels; increase, 403.000. Oats,
4,754.000 bushels; increase, 53.000. Rye, 746,000
bushels; increase. 121,000. Barley. 1,156,000 bush
els; Increase, 496,000.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Sept. Exchanges, $235,661;
balances, J123.C65. _ ■
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Sept. 26.— The wheat market
locally was not as spirited as last week and
dealers are not bidding up above export values.
Quotations were 59§60c for Walla Walla, 62@
63c for valley, and with fancy bluestem 64c.
Receipts were nearly 200 cars.
* WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. ' 26.— Club and blue
stem, 63@64c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 R3
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 85%
New York Exchange, sight. — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce... 60% 61
Mexican Dollars 47\4 47*
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
The Llsmore takes for Cork 53,194 ctls, valued
at 164.695; Marie Hackfleld, for Liverpool, 10,613
ctls, at $12,700.
Futures opened wi>ak and dull, but the Fpot
market was unaltered. Later on there was a
recovery.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 17%@1 18%; milling,
$1 20@l 25. *» .
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session, 9:15 o'clock— December—
14,000 ctls. $1 21%.
Second session No sales.
Regular morning session— December—
ctls, $1 22%; 16,000, Jl 22«4.
Afternoon session — December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 22Vi; 6000, $1 22%-
BARLEY— Previous prices are quoted, with
small offerings and a dull business. ' The feel
ing is steady as a rule. '
Feed Jl 20@l 22',^: • Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second session — No sales.
Regular morning session— December— <sooo ctls,
$1 25; 2000, Jl 25%: 6000, $1 24%.
Afternoon session — December— 4ooo ctls,
$1 24V 2000, $1 24H.
OATS — Dealers are satisfied with the state
of trade, which is good. There Is a good local
consumptive demand and prices are steady.
Fancy Feed. $1 27% per ctl; ko™i to cnoice,
Jl nVi^l 22%; common, Jl 12%@1 15; Surprise,
$1 30i&r32%; Gray, Jl 17%@1 20; milling, $1 20®
1 25 jit ctl.
CORN— There is not much coming In, not
much offering and not much demand. Quota
tions remain unchanged.
Small round yellow. $1 25; Eastern large yel
low, $1 0501 10; white. $1 12%; mixed, Jl 02%®
1 07% per ctl: California White, Jl 15@1 20.
RYE— IB®l 17V. per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. *
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
FLOUR— extras. J4 15@4 26; bakers'
extras. $4-00@ 1 4 15 per.bbl.
■ MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, "usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, J7; Cornmeal. J2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, J4 25; Oat Groats,
$4 50; Hominy, J3 2f.«3 50; Buckwheat Flour, J4
@4 25; Cracked Wheat, J3 75; Farina, J4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; ' Rolled Oats (bar
rels), J5 85@6 2.'.; In sacks, J5 65@6 05; Pearl Bar
ley. $5; Split Peas, J4 26: Green Peas, J4 50 per
100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The general rain had less effect on Hay than
anticipated. In fact, , there was no effect to
speak of. . There was , rathe? less demand, as
some buyers ; held . off, but prices were steady
and , sellers were Indifferent, ■as i the . market Is
now In strong hands. It will take a good deal
more rain than we have had thus far to weaken
the market if the present storm . is any criter
ion.
Feedstuffs range the same.
BRAN— t\Vni;> 50 per ton. •'. /\-;T.</ \-;T.<
MIDDLINGS— JIB@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $25@26 per
ten • Oilcake Meal at : the mill, J31@31 50; Job
bing, $324i:t2 30: Cocoanut Cake. J24Q25; Cotton
seed Meal. J2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal. J23@23 50,
Cracked Corn. J24.&24 50.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. Jl6@lS for good
to choice and J13@15 for, lower grades; no
fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat. • $14 50@17;
Oat, $141/16; Island Barle y $12 Go®l3 50; Al
falfa, J12@13 50; Stock. $11@12 50; Clover nomi
nal. - ■ • • ,
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat. $12 50(Jj14; Oat. $12@13 50: Cheat,
$11 50^12 50: Timothy, $11@13 SO; Alfalfa, JlO 50
911 50 per ton. -■'■■--.
STRAW— 4O@6Oc per bale.
. BEANS AND S3EDS.'
; There "is a very fair export movement in
Beans,' principally Limas. Prices shew no fur
ther ; change. ■ Dried " Peas continue to ; decline.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 90@2; Small Whites, . J2@
12 ]2V4: Large Whites, $1 75@1 90; Pinks, J2 3S@
146; Reds, ■ nominal; Blackeye. .J3 15@3 25; But
ters, nominal; Limas. J3 30®3 40; Pea.; $190®
2 10: Red Kidneys, $2 25#2 50 per ctl. '
SEEDS— Mustard, 14 60®4 75 per ctl:
Yellow Mustard. J4#4 12%; Flax, J2@
2 . 10; Canary Seed, 2V,@2%c per lb; ■ Alfalfa,
6%«56c; Rape, 2%@3%c; Hemp, 2\@3c; Tim
othy, s@s^4c.
DRIED PEAS— Ntles, Jl 25@1 60; Green, Jl4o®
1 75 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONC AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are weak. Onions are also easy.
The Vegetable market continues well sup
plied at previous prices.
POTATOES— 4O(O 55c for Early Rose and 50c<S>
$1 for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 85c
(Jfjl 15; Oregon. 70c951; Sweet Potatoes, IS'l^c
per lb for nearby and IViCglHc for Merced.
ONIONS— ,*s<S 65c per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onions. 60c(ffJl per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2(ff3c; String
Beans, I<g2c; Lima Beans, 2rS~3c; Bay
Squash, 25fi30c; Green Peppers, 35® 40c for
Chile and 35(p40c for Bell; Cabbage. 50c; Car
rots. 30@50c per sack: Bay Cucumbers. 30W40c;
Pickles. $1 76®2 per ctl for No. 1 and $1 for No.
2; River Tomatoes. 30@50c; Bay Tomatoes, 40®
65c; Green Corn, |I®l 25 per crate for Alameda,
75c@|l for Berkeley; Garlic, 3c per lb; Green
Okra, 50®65c; Dried Okra, Bfloc per lb; Egg
Plant, 25!j?50c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $8®
10 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw. 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated, lejJlSc; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c- new. 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips, 20c;
String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Eastern stock Is quoted nt Ifi'fjl7c for Tur
keys. $5 EO^ for Hens, $6 50<§.7 for young
Roosters, $5 for old do, J4 60@6 for Fryers, and
J3 hCtfg l for Broilers. One car came in yester
day and another will be put on to-day.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@16c for Gob
blers and W^^c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 26@1 50; Goslings. *1 15^1 60; Ducks, $4®5 60
for old and $4<gs 60 for young; Hens, 14@6:
Roosters, young, Js@6; Roosters, old, $4 25
@> 4 60; Fryers. W*4 60; Broilers, $3 60@4 for
large, $3@3 60 for small: Pigeons, $1 2u@l 60
per dozen for old and Jl 60@2 for squabs.
GAME— Nominal; '
BUTTER, CHEESE AND BOOS.
Eggs have again advanced. There Is little
change in Butter and Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 270; seconds,
25(8 26c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 21@24c; common
grades, 17H<820c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 18@20c; pickled roll,
21(g21Vic; creamery tub. 21@21%c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16^0 per
lb; Elgin. 22522M-C
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 10<3>llc; old, BH@
9Hc; Cream Cheddar, lOWllc; Young America,
lOHig'llHc: Eastern. 12<gl3c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 32<gi34c per dczen; store
Eggs, 18ijj25c; Eastern, 15@17%c for ordinary
and 21@22c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Cranberries are coming in heavily and are
lower.
Wine Grapes are doing better and there are
good prospects for a further advance, as the
crop seems to be getting shorter all the time.
Table Grapes are dull and unchanged.
Plums are scarce, but dull, as there is very
little demand for them. Peaches and Pears
are also dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $2<§3 per chest for large and
for small.
Flits. 6U1&75C per box, double layers.
Cantaloupes, 60<y75c per crate; Nutmegs, 35@
50c per box; Watermelons, $15®20 per hundred
for large and $5<&12 (or small to medium.
Huckleberries, 7@Bc per lb.
Quinces, 50<&'75c.
Pomegranates, 75c@$l 50 per box, according
to size.
Cranberries — $8 r-O^O 50 per barrel.
White Grapes, 40<ij50c per box; Black Grapes.
40960 c; Muscats. S'.'ffeOc; Seedless, 65@75c; To
kay, 40(g 50c; crates sell about 10c higher than
bMxes; Isabellas. 50®750 per crate; Wine
Grapes, JUrTt 15 per ton for Zlnfandel and ill® 12
for Mission.
Blackberries, Wsi 50 per chest.
Plums, 26950 c per crate and box.
Peaches, 50Q66c per box for good to choice
and 3S<s4oc for common stock; in bulk, J20®30
per ton for freestones.
Raspberries, i@7 per chest.
Apples, 30g600 for common, 76c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25 for choica.
Bartlett Pears, 7.V(551 25 per box; Winter
Pears, 35({i75c per box.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. $l@i 60 for Va
lenclas. $I@l 26 for St. Michaels, 76c@tl for
Mediterranean Sweets and 60@75c for Seedlings;
Lemons, $2@2 50 for common and $3(§'s for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $6; Califor
nia Limes, ; Bananas, $1 25(jj!2 25 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, . UTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The New York Commercial says, under dftte
of September 20: "There Is some increase In
activity in California raisins, due to the an
nounced purpose of the association to advance
prices »4c after October S. Supplies for Sep
tember shipment are exhausted, and most buy
ers are purchasing for October, but no rates
are possible beyond October 8. The association
has said that rates would probably go up at
that time, and unleaa the declaration Is modi
fled, purchases for October will be compara
tively small until after the change. It was
said yesterday, however, that perhaps 20 cars
had been taken for October shipment at pres~
ent figures, though the statement was uncon
firmed.
"Commission men are not entirely satisfied
with their treatment by the association, but
few care to express their views openly. They
feel, however, that too .much uncertainty has
prevailed, and even now they do not know
whether the association will advance prices
or not. The latest Information Is that If tht
officers think best prices will be advanct-d.
But that Is too Indefinite to Insure steady busi
ness or satisfactory dealing in any form.
"There Is nothing; new In prunes. Prices are
unchanged, and trade Inclined to be moderate.
Demand is , largely confined to large sizes, of
which there are none • procurable. Medium
sizes are all the trade can get, and there Is
no prospect of any change in the situation.
Futures attract little Interest, even In the face
of short crop reports, which are being con
firmed dally."
The local market Is quiet and unchanged.
DRIED FKl'lT— Prunes, 7@7V4c for 40-50'
BH(s's%c for 60-60' s, 4^c for 60-70' 3"i<Tj4c for
70-SO's, 3Vi@3V4c for 80-90 2%<&3c for 90-100's
and 2<g'2'*c for 100-110's: Silver Prunes, B@7V4c;
Peaches, 6<g>BHc for good to choice, 9®loc for
fancy and 10@12V4c for peeled; Apricots, lOfg;
12c for Royals and 12fg 1214 c for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, 7Vi<S'7Vsc; sun dried, 4>g>
4^c; Black Figs, sacks, 2@2Jic; Plums, 4',^/)
6c for pitted and l(g>lV4c for unpltted; Nec
tarines, 6@7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@7c
lor quarters and B@9c for halves.
RAISINS— 2%c for two-crown, 4o for three
crown, 4%c for four-crown. 4U@6c for Seedless
Sultanas., 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; dried Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, 6c for hardshell, 7c for soft
shell; Almonds, 6@6c for hardshell, 13c foi
softshell, 13@14c for paper-shell; Peanuts. 4<j|
BV4c for Eastern and 4V4c for California; Pe
cans, fi^@Bc; Filberts, 9V4@loc; Brazil Nuts,
B(ff9c per tb; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5 per hundred.
HONEY— Comb. 9@loc for . bright and 6<3!70
for lower grades; water-white extracted, s',i@
6c; light amber extracted, ♦«4®sHc per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per It).
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. B%e p«r ID for
heavy. 9c for light medium. 10% c for light, lie
for extra light • and . 12H@13c , for sugar cured;
Eastern ' sugar-cured . Hams. 10}4@Hc; Califor
nia Hams. »V4@loc; Mess Beef, $10<S>10 50 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, $11@11 60; Family Beef,
J12(g12 60; extra prime Pork, . $10; extra clear,
$18@1S 50; mess, $13 60®16; Smoked Beef. ll@l2c
per Tb. ■
LARD— Eastern. tierc«s,' quoted at 6c per Jt>
for compound und 7V4c for pure; pails, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 6c per Ib for compound and Ie
for pure; half barrels, 7«4c;10-lb tins, 8c; 5-lt>
tins, BHc. •
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6H@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs— palls, 60 In a case, 9%c:
3-Ib palls, 20 In a case, S%c; 5-tb pails, 12 In a
case, BHc; 10-tb palls, ,6 in a case, B%c; 50-IT)
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, V&c; wooden buckets, 20
rbs net, BHc; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 rbs, l%c per Tb.
1-iDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. 3 Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, B%c; Cow
hldep. S^«?9%c: Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15@15%c; culls and brands.
12©13 c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17@18c;
Sheepskins,, shearlings, 15@25c each; short
wool, . 30@40c each; medium, 60@80c; long wool,
90cff$l 10 each; Horsehldes, ; salt, ' »2 25 for
large and $I®l 75 for small: Colts, 50c; Horse
hides, dry, $1 50@l 75 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3%@3V4c per n>;
No. 2, 2V4<?2iJic; refined. 4V4<s'4^c; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. ; Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, 9@l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7, months', 8@10c; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12®14c;' Foothill and Northern,
defective. 10@12c; Middle County. 13@16c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 14(!?il6c; Nevada, 10@14c;
Eastern Oregon, 10@12c: Valley Oregon, 15®17c.
HOPS— IB9S crop. ll(!?13Hc: 1897 crop, nominal..
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
' • - ■ .- - ■■.■■■■. • :n i . V
BAGS— Calcutta Grain ; Bags . for next season,
nominal at 4%'?Fsc; '-• Wool Bags, 26@2Sc ; San
Quentln Bags, $4 S5; Fruit . Bags, . sc, 6'4c and
h\e for the three grades of white and 7@Scfor
brown. ■ ■ .
COAL — Wellington. ; $8 : per ton; New Wei-'
lington, $8; Southneld : Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, %6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland. $10 In - Lulk and $11 26 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; itock ■ Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke. $12 Der ton In bulk and $14 In
sacks.
CANNED Shipment of 32,431 cases
Canned Fruit and 39,921 cases .Canned Salmon
to Liverpool. , •■:•': , .
• SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, : terms net > cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7%c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6Hc; Dry Granulated, 6c; Confec
tioners' A. 6c; California A, 6%c; . Magnolia A,
BHc; Extra C.6V4c: Golden C. 6Hc; half barrels.
%c more than barrels, ; and boxes He more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equiv
alent. ; :■:.,. .;•.; - ; .;. ; , ; : ;;; . v,-; ' .•;:.■:.;- •„. j.- , ■;}■
SAN FRANCISCO A MEAT MARKET. '■'} i
Th« weakness : In Hogs continues and the
packers are indifferent buyers. There is no
further change in Beef and Mutton.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6@64c; second quality,
54c; third quality, 4@sc.
VEAL— Large, s®6c; small. 64@Se per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 6®7c; Ewes. 6®64c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 74'3>8c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 34<?3%c for large, 3 T 4^4c
for medium and 3H'S'34c for small; stock Hogs,
2@3c; dressed Hogs, o^tje^c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, September 26.
Flour, qr sks ... 9,918 Wool, bales 123
Wheat, ctls 515 Hops, bales 210
Barley, ctls 6,5n0 Hay, tons 650
Corn, ctls 1,000 Leather, rolls ... 51
Butter, ctls 75 Pelts, bdls 197
Cheese, ctls 53 Hides, no 19!>
Tallow, ctls 216 Eggs, doz 4,110
Beans, sks 413 Lumber, ft 20.000
Potatoes, sks ... 7.729 Wine, gals 13,700
Onions, sks 1,466 Brandy, gals 5,980
Bran, sks 18 Lime, bbls 324
Middlings, sks .. 2,695 Chicory, kegs ... 60
Sugar, bags 2,020
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 12.820 Flour, qr sks ... 2,356
Oats, ctls 270 Bran, sks 3,400
Barley, ctls 1,340
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 40!
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 1,216 ,Hay. tons 10
Oats, ctls 1.4601
THti STOCK MAKKJDT.
Lower prices ruled for mining stocks, with a
quiet business.
Trading in local securities was smaller than
for some time and quotations showed no
changes worthy of note.
At special meetings of stockholders yesterday
a reduction of the capitalization of the Crown
Point Mining Company was authorized from
$100 per share to $3 and of the Julia Consoli
dated Mining Company from $100 to $1 per
share.
Special meetings of the stockholders of the
Exchequer, Silver Hill and Con. New York
mining companies will be held to-day to au
thorize a reduction in their capitalization from
$100 to $1 per share.
The South Swansea Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of Be per share,
amounting to $7500.
The Geyser-Marlon Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 2c per share,
amounting to $6000. .
The Mountaineer Mill and Mining Company
of Nevada County has levied an assessment of
2c per share, delinquent October 21.
The Live Oak Consolidated Gold Mining
Company has levied an assessment of 10c per
share, delinquent October 20.
The following ore shipments were made by
rail from the mines of Eureka and Hamilton
districts, Nevada, for the week ending Sep
tember 23: EureJca" District— Eureka Con., 94,
410 pounds; Excelsior, 51,660; Idaho, 37,770; Jack
son, 68,030. From Hamilton— McEllin, 21,600;
Rocco— Lanl & 00., 69,260; Rocco— Smith &
Jackson, 31,600.
The official report of the Sierra Nevada mine
for the week Is as follows: Rlley tunnel—Dur
ing the week extracted 22 mining cars of ore
from the eighth floor. The average assay of
samples taken from the face was: Gold. $23 15;
silver, 8.60 ounces per ton. Have hauled to the
Nevada Mill 69 tons of ore, assay samples of
which taken from wagon show an average
value of $25 in gold and 8 ounces in silver
per ton. At a point 147 feet south from the
tunnel line from the south drift west crosscut
No. 2 was advanced 23 feet; total length, 100
feet; face in porphyry, seams of clay and
stringers of quartz. The station at the 140
level of the shaft is about completed. 900 level
— The upraise in west crosscut No. 2 from the
north lateral drift was advanced 5 feet; total,
30 feet: top in porphyry-
The Alta mine recently shipped 150 tons of
ore to San Francisco for reduction. The re
turns amounted to $10 02 In gold.
Brunswick lode: Chollar and Potosi, 800
level— The main south drift ha? been advanced
11 feet and is now out 121 feet south of the
Chollar north boundary: face In porphyry.
Best & Belcher, Gould & Curry and Savage—
The Joint west crosscut, started at a point 194
feet north of the tunnel line in the north drift,
was advanced 15 feet: face in porphyry with
seams of ouartz; total length, 143 feet.
N. Westhelmer, managing director of the
Standard Consolidated Mining Company, says:
"While In accumulating our cash one or more
dividends may have been held In the treasury,
we believe In this conservative manner of pro
viding through the means of a larger capital
In the future for still greater results, and we
are thus enabled to acquire new properties of
value if such present th»mselve« to us, and
having on September 1. I<WS, $80,000 cash on
hand, with but our usual output, we will have
by January 1, 1R99, besides providing for an
other dividend, $100,000 ensh on hand, thus hav
ing paid three dividends of 10c each on a Rtook
soiling under $1 75 and our mines in excellent
shape for future work, besides our large sur
plus -to secure our position. During the past
year our able superintendent has opened up
several new producing points, from which we
hope to get extensive ore."
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Sept. 26—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— S F G & E... 88% &9
<s quar c0up..111\1124 ?an Fran 34 —
4s quar reg.. .110V 4 11O\ Stockton Gas.. 13 —
is quar new... 127 12S Insurance —
3s new 104"*— Fl.rm s Fund. 2os —
Miscellaneous— Water Stocks —
Cal-st Cab ss. 116 — Contra Costa.. 55 87
Cal El 6s 123 — Marin Co 50 —
C C Wat 55... 100 101 Spring valley. loo —
Dup-st ex c... — 984 Hank Stocks—
E L& P 65... 132 — Anglo-Cal .... 63 «5
F & Cl Ky 6s. — 1164 Bank of Cal... 2494252
Geary-st R Go. — K>o Cal S D & T.. — 97
H C & S 44*. 100 108 First Nat 206 —
L A LCo 65.. — 100 Lon P & L....129 —
Do gntd 65.. 99 lOOVi Mer Exchange 154 —
Mark»t-st 65..12S 129 Nev Nat 8... 1624165
Do Ist M 55.113->; — Savings Banns—
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 974 Ger S & L..1600 1650
N C NGRy 75.104V4 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 113 — Mutual Say. — 424
N Ry Cal ss..inr>4 - S'F Say L\. 490 600
NPC R R 6s.ni3 106 S & L 50.... — 98
NPC R R 55. 1004 — Security S B 300 350
N Cal R R ss. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oa«. Gas E5....108 111% Street Railroads—
Om Ry 6s 1284 — California 108 —
P&CI Ry 65. .106 — Geary 45 —
p & O 6s 112 — Market-st 644 —
Powell-st 65. ..119 — Presidio 84 10
Reno WL&L..IOO — PowdPr—
Sac El Ry 55. 100 — California — 150
SF & N P r.s.lO9Vi — E Dynamite... 85 95
SlerraßCal 6s. — 106 Giant Con Co. 484 49
S P of Ar 65. .108 10S4 Vtgorlt 2% 3
S P Cal 65... "* — Miscellaneous —
SPC Is eg ss. 102 — Al Pac Assn . . W2ViIO2U
S P Br 6s 119 119% Ger Ld Wks..lßo —
S V Water 65. 116*; — Hana P C 0.... IVA 18
S V Water 45. 1034103", H C & S C 0... 27% 28
Stockton Ga5.. 102 — Hutch S P Co. SSVi 68%
Gas & Electric— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent Gaslight. los — Nat Vln 65... — 5
Cent L & P... 7% 94 Oceanic S Co. 56»4 —
Mutual El Co. HVi 114 Pacific A F A. 14 2M,
Oakland Gas.. 53»4 — Pac Bot C 0... — 105
Pac Gas Imp.. — 89 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Pac L Co .84 *9
Morning Session.
100 Hawaiian Commercial * Sugar 27 874
5 Spring Valley Water 100 25
Afternoon Session.
10 Contra Costa Water 65 25
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 58 374
$4000 Northern Rv of Cal 5s Bonds 105 25
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 50
$1000 S P of A Bonds 108 25
$1000 U S 3s Bonds (coupon) 104 874
Street—
5 Alaska Packers* Association 102 25
$300 U S 3s Bonds (coupon) 104 874
MINING STOCKS..
Following vere the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock lior.rd yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 30 inn Mexican 22
100 Caledonia 29 200 Ophlr 56
300 Con Cal & Va... 73 600 55
100 Confidence 51 1 300 Potosi 18
300 Crown Point ... 16 200 Savage 14
400 Gould & Curry.. 21 300 S eg Belcher 04
200 20 50 Union Con 22
600 Justice 121
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha 03 600 Ophlr 60
100 Alta ot> 500 Potosi IS
100 Belcher 1" SCO Savage 14
100 Gould & Curry-. 24 100 Sierra Nevada.. 80
100 Hale & Norcrs.. 80 100 Union Con 25
300 Mexican 24 500 Yellow Jacket... 20
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 091300 Ophir 57
200 Belcher 1 7 1 250 6r ,
600 Best & Belcher. 301100 Savage 14
500 Chollar IS ! 300 Sierra Nevada!' 77
800 Gould & Curry.. 21 1 200 78
300 201300 Union Con 24
300 Mexican 23 i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Sept. 26—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Julia 01 02
Alta 0; 09 Justice t-J . 10 12
Andes 10 11 Kentuck 03 04
Belcher 16 IS Lady Wash ... — 05
Benton Con .... 08 12 Mexican 23 24
Best & Belcher 32 33 Occidental — 85
.Bullion 03 04|Ophir 58 53
Caledonia 29 30 (Overman 06 07
Chollar 19 20!Potrsi 17 19
Challenge Con. 18 20 Savage 13 14
Confidence 54 56 Scorpion 04 05
Con Cal & Va. 76 77 Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Con Imperial .. 01 0:' Sierra Nevada. 81 82
Crown Point ..16 IS Silver Hill .... — 12
Con New York. 02 03 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... 30 — ?tandard 170 —
Exrheauer — 04 Union Con 24 25
Gould & Curry. 23 24 Utah 07 08
Hale & Norcrs. 79 Si Yellow Jacket. 19 21
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
S. J. and Sophie Frtedlander to M. H. Hecht,
lot on S line of Pacific avenue, 13S W of Van
Ness, W 37:6 by S 122:6; HO.
Andrew G. Johnson to Emma G. Johnson,
undivided half of lot on N line of Pell street
192:6 W of Stelner, W 27:6 by N 137:6; $1500.
James, John, Thomas and Annie McCann to
Peter McCann, lot on XW line of Perry street,
275 SW of Third, SW 25 by NW 75- grift.
Thomas Carter to Martin Carter, lot on SE
line of Berry street, 137:6 NE of Sixth, NE
137:6. SE 137:6; grant. „ , .
James R. Kelly to Margaret A. Kelly, lot on
W line of Sixteenth avenue, 100 N of I street,
N 25 by W 120: gift. _, . .
Emilia de Urloste to Jorge de Lrioste. lot
on \V line of Thirteenth avenue, 194 N or L
street, N 78 by W 120; also lot on W line of
Thirteenth avenue, 150 S of N street, S <5 Dy
W 120; $2500.
R. A. and Winifred A. Perry to Lydia. E.
King, lot 31, block 25, Lakevlew (quitclaim
deed); $ion. __
John Hetty to Louis B. Hetty, lot on SW
line of Nineteenth avenue. 75 SE of I street.
SE 150 by SW ion, block 390. South San Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association; ♦500.
Alameda County.
I B. Kelsey to Margaretha Breiling. parcel of
I land bounded on N by N line of Frultvale Sani
i tary District, W by lands of Lamp. S by Pres
cott street and X by lands of Central Pacific
Railroad, Brooklyn Township (quitclaim deed);
18.
Frank E. and Llda M. Hathorn to Mlllard F.
Hudson, lot on W line of Mlnturn street. 125 S
of Eaglo avenue, S 50 by W 108, being lots
14 and 15, block 51, Town of Enclnal, Alameda;
$10.
Sarah H. B. Ward to Kate A. Ward, lot on
NW line of Grant avenue, 185.44 NE of county
road Oakland to San Leandro, NE 45 by NW
100, being portion Turnbull Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $3no.
Hattie and F. F. Baker to Jose de Freitas,
lot on NE corner of Knox avenue and Grove
street. N 11.66. E 84.50, S 26.53. W 85.94 to be
ginning, being lot 27, Knox Park, Oakland: $10.
Gershom O. and Daria Vliet to Wesley J.
Baker, lot on *■ line of Nolan or Thirty-third
street. 216:3 W of West. W 30 by S 89:3, block
H. map of lands of Central Land Company's
Tract, Oakland; $10.
John J. and Clara P. Noegle to Judson M.
Davis, lot 29. block 2108. Alden Tract at Tem
escal, Oakland Annex: $400.
Peter A. and Hannah M. Taeker to George T.
Hawley. lots 2 and 3, block A. Sunny Slope
Tract, subject to mortgage for $600, Oakland,
$10.
Mary A. and Eugene Wllcox to Jennie M.
McMillan, lot beginning at a point 121.5 E
from E line of Grove street, on S side of
Francisco, E 40 by S 135. being the W 40 feet
of lot 13, block B. .lanes Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Anna M. Dletzler to P. Rothermel. lot 3.
block 7, Daley" s Scenic Park. Berkeley; $10.
Richard Holden to Robert Shiels. lots 2 and
3, block D, Melrose Station Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $600.
Thomas A. and Alida B. Smith to Mary E.
W. Chappel, lot on W line of Paric street,
50:2^ N of Pacific avenue, W 97:74. N 50, E
101:4%. S 60:2%. to . beginning, being lot 10.
block 46, lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda;
$10.
E. G. Russell and W. W. Crane (as assignee
E. G. Buswell, insolvent) and H. M. Barry
(by commissioner) to Hibernla Savings and
Loan Society, lot on SE corner of Broadway
and Fourth streets, S 100 by E 200, block 31,
Oakland; $21,749.
Thomas Carter to Martin Carter, lot on SES
corner of Sacramento street and Bancroft way,
E 259.48. S 691.60, W 208.50, N 669.54, to begin
ning, being lots 1 to 22, block 3. Spauldlng
Tract, Berkeley; also lot on NE corner of Ban
croft way and Sacramento street, N 89.07, E
258.50, S 66.71, W 259.49, to beginning, being lots
41 and 42, block 2, same, Berkeley; also lot 13,
block B, plat 37, Evoy property, Oakland Annex;
! also 9.11 acres beginning at a stake on S line
Of United States Government Reservation for
a tidal canal, distant 4,"9.92 W from W line of
Oak street thence SW 329. 5". to center Bland
ing avenue extended W; thence NW 930, to cen
ter of Mulberry street extended N: thence NE
527.54 to said reservation; thence SE 950.70, to
beginning, Alameda; grant.
Builders^ Contracts.
William L. and Jane Williams (owners) with
C. C. Blair (contractor), architect none, all
work except plumbing, tinning and mantels for
a one-story and attic frame building on E Una
of Connecticut street, 250 S of Napa, S 25 by
E 100; $1350.
Kath'erine A. Rivers and Eliza Klbb4 (own
ers) with S. 11. Kent (contractor), architect Ju
lius E. Krafft, all alteration? and additions to
a three-story and basement brick building on
NW corner of Grant avenue and Post street,
W 20:10X4 by N 49:6; $3100.
E. B. Cutter (owner) with Edward Letter
(contractor), architect Edgar A. Matthews, all
I work for a two-story frame dwelling with attic
and basement, on N line of Washington street,
110 W of Scott, N 127:5*4, W 27:6, S 127:8Vi. E
27:6; $7342.
THE CALL 1 8 CALENDAR.
S«pt ember, 1888.
So.
Mo
Th.
1
Mooa's Phases.
<3-Lut Quarter
'yL September 1.
jZ*. New Moon,
vi^Scp ".ember 16.
4
v
i
13
7
v
I
"zT
,-ter.
er M.
!M! M
\w_
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
From.
Bristol Departure Bay Sept. 27
Navarro Yaqulna Bay Sept. 27
Cleveland St. Michael |Sept.27
Mincnla Tacoma Sept. 27
Chilkat (Humboldt |Sept.27
Alliance ' nrtland ISept.27
Bertha St Michael !Sept.27
Cleveland 'St. Michael |Sept.27
Homer iNewport Sept. 28
Washtenaw Tacoma Sept. 28
Ell Thompson.. Puget Sound Sept. 2$
Humboldt |Seattle Sept.28
Columbia IPortland Sept. 29
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound Sept. 23
■\Veeott Tlllamook Bay Sept. 29
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 29
Santa Rosa Snn Diego !Sept.3O
Gaelic China and Japan Sept. 30
National City... Oregon Ports Sept. 30
Wellington Departure Bay Oct. 1
Del Norte Crescent City Oct. 1
State California Portland Oct. 2
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 2
San Bias [Panama Oct. 2
Signal Grays Harbor Oct. 3
Arcata Coos F.ay Oct. 3
Corona San Diego Oct. 4
North Fork Humboldt Oct. A
Geo. W. Elder.. IPortland Oct. 5
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
G. Dollar... Yaoulna Bay. j Sept. 27, 12 m,Pler 13
G W Elder Portland Sept. 28. 10 am|Pler 24
Corona San Diego.... [Sept. 28. 11 am Pier 11
City Sydney Panama iSept.2B, 12 m PMSS
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. iSept.2B, 10 am|Pler 9
Arcata Coos Bay Sept. 2S. 10 amiPler 13
Chilkat Humboldt ....'Sept. 28, 2 pm|Pler 13
Navarro . ..[Yaqulna Bay.i Sept. 29, 12 m Pier 13
Alliance ...] Oregon Ports. '. Sept. 29, 9 am Pier 20
Homer Newport |Sept.3O. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia ..iPortland jOct. 1, 10 am Pier 24
City PeklngjChina&.Tapan|Oct. 1, 1 pmPMSS
Pomona ....Humboldt ....!Oct. 1. 2 pmlPler S
Weeott TlUamook (Oct. 1. 5 pmlpier 13
Santa Rosa. San Diego lOct. 2, 11 amjPler 11
I'mattlla ...I Vic & Pgt Sd.lOct. 3, 10 amlPier 9
Coop Bay... Newport Oct. 4, 9 am! Pier 11
Steamer.
. Dollar...
. W. Elder
orona
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
Jights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time bn.ll on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and- Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-stneet wharf) about
twenty-five mlnutf-s lat*r than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27.
Sun rises 5-n->
Sun sets 5 - :59
Moon sets 3:23 a. m.
4:1:
4 :.V
9:32
10:29
11:22
5.S
6.3
5.2
t W
0:15
4.
4.:
R:
8:
8:
1.
I !
».(
1!
12
1
I 5.'
5.1
5..
...
L W
6.20
7:08
0.0
0.0
■ NOTE— In the , above exposition of " the tides
the early morning tides are stlven in the left
hand column and the successive > tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the i third time column; the third tide
and the last or right ■ hand . column : gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The helehts
given . are additions to the : soundings on the
T-ntted States - Coast Survey charts! except
when a minus sign . (-) precedes the height,
and then, th number given Is subtracted from
the depth f Riven by the charts. The plane of
reference is, the mean of the lower low waters
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco Cal . Sep
tember 26, 189 S.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. «.. at noon of the 120 th meridian or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In charge.
SKIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, September 26.
Stmr Coroia, Debney' 61% hours from San
Diego.
Stmr Gertie Story. Green. 10% days from
Kadiak. \
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 58 hours from, Ya
qulna Bay.
Whal stmr Newport, Snow, 31 days from Port
Clarence, via Karluk 19 days via Chignlk Bay
11 days.
Stmr Gipsy, Gielow. 50 hours from Moss
! Landing.
j Stmr G-'ge Loomis, Bridsett, 34 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr George W Elder. Hinkle, 66 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 56U, hours.
CLEARED.
Monday, September. 26.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Haw bark R " Rithet, Thompson, Honolulu;
Welch & CO. sailed
Monday, September 26.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Point Arena,
■ Tug Hunter, Lawson, Coos Bay. „ r.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgenson, Fort Brag*.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson. Bear Harbor.
Stmr Empire. Nelson. Coos Bay. •
Haw bark Mauna Ala Smith, Honolulu.
Schr Albert Meyer, Nielsen. Grays Harbor.
Schr North Bend, Schmehl, Columbia River.
Schr Newark. Beck. B— 'ens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOEOS, Sept. 26—10 tv m.— "Weather,
cloudy; wind, W; velocity, 8 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Charles B. V dv loads mdse for New
The Kate Davenport loads coal at Seattle for
this port; Sea King. coai at Nanaimo for Hon
olulu; Vasoo de Gama. wheat or flour at Ta
coma or Portland for Europe.
SPOKEN.
Per North Fork-Sept 26-2 p. m.-O« Point
Oordo, stmr Progreso with log raft In tow.
Appeared to be breaking up. „„„♦», n *
Sept 26 12:30 a. About 7 miles north or
Point Arena, tugs Rescue and Monarch with
lumber raft in tow. Appeared to be in good
condition. j^morajjdum.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Newport-Left In port at Karluk-Stmr
Jeante and ship America, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 26— Bark Pal
myra? hence Sept 15; schr Endeavor, from
Honolulu; stmr Charles Nelson, irom Seattle
COOS BAY Barbound Se- Stmr Arcata,
pORT TOWNSENI>-Arrlved Sept 5!5-Bri 8
Tanner, from San Pedro. Sept 2«-Sh!p Dirlgo.
EUREKA-Arrlved Bept 25-Stmr Chllkat. ho
billed Sept 25-Stmr South Coast for San
Francisco: schr J 8 Leeds, for Mazatlan.
USAL — Sailed' Sept 26-Stmr Newsboy, for
San Francisco, and not as to efo » re -» re £ 0 ? ed ™ n ,
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 26— Schr Chas
Hansen, from St Michael, and not stmr Chas
Nelson as previously reported.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 26—
stmr Columbia from Yokohama, for Tacoma.
POINT REYES— Passed Sept 26-Stmr South
Coast, from Eureka, for ls=Bt»rl 5=Bt»r North M.
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 25— Stmr North Fork,
for San Francisco.
f COQUILLE — Arrived Sept 25— Schr
Barbara Hernster, hence Sept 21. Was . bar-
b NEAH ro BA?±P.s»ed Sept 25-Stmr Washte
naw and ship Columbia, from Tacoma. for
San Francisco; stmr Queen, hence Sept 23, for
S°OUTH BEND— Sailed Sept Bktn Tain
o' Shanter, for San Francisco. '—_„. : .
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 26— Stmr Chllkat, for
San Francisco. ' ' . __ .
EVERETT— Sept Scbr Una, hencs
Sept 8.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— Sept 24— Ship Marion
Chlleott, for Seattle.
■ NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 24Stmr Finance,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KOBE — Sailed Sept Stmr Newport, for
San Francisco. . :
TIENTSIN — Arrived Sept 25— Schr Wm F
Witzemann, from Chemalnus.
LONDON— Sept 24— Br ship Glenflnart,
for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Aup 16— bark Du
chessa Anne , for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMER.
ST. JOHNS— Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Siberian,
from Glasgow.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Syl
vania, from Bootcro.
Sailed S<»pt 236 — Stmr Taurlc, for New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Western
land, from New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Bo
hemia, from Hamburg.
I I SWISS-AmERICAN BANK.
I Of Locarno. Switzerland, and
CERMANIA TRUST COMPANY.
624 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Paid-up Capital and Reserves, $620,000.
(G. T. Co.. $320,000.) (S. A. 8., $300,000.)
A general banking .business transacted. In-
: terest paid on savings deposits. Loans on ap-
proved real estate security and on commercial
paper. The GERMANIA TRUST CO. Is au-
thorized and empowered by the State of Cali-
fornia to act as executor, administrator, quar-
t dian and trustee. Legal depository for trust
I funds.
DIRECTORS— A. Denicke. A. Sbar-
boro. J. C. Rued, E. Martinoni. F. C. Sieb<»
A. Tognazzlnl. H. Brunner, McD. R. Venable
A. G. Wieland. F. Kronenberg, Charles Mar-
tin, C. Gehret. P. Tognaazlnl. S. Grand! O
I Rnttanzl. '
OCEAN TRAVEL.
iiiMiiHwmnu The S - s - alameda
i^T^ttld HmL BaUs vla Honolulu and
If tS"^b4_.bbl aB "* f Auckland for Sydney
Dv^M —^ Wednesday. October 5.
■ WSfM&iS'^ I • > at 2 a. m.
■Baßsf r^ilKiniSlllD'J s - s - AUSTRALIA
JSBy GAWlllJllll/^ Batls f Or Honolulu only
■ fo(llo3nil* WedneS!da > r - October 1».
•s^ l r" ll% 'l at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPH
TOWN, South Africa. *-•«■■«-«
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agenta,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ih. Steamers leave Broadway
tKBbt g^ wharf, San Francisco:
\ Pliyi fffnhb • ' For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m .
; BWOBfc Sept. 23, 28. Oct. 3, transfer at
Ksssiml Victoria, Vancouver (B.
|Bk£sV(^nl For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
■JBffiatfvSSit C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^**l3^»^U Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and Whatcom (Wash.), 10
a. m., Sept. 23, 28, Oct. 3, and
i every fifth day thereafter, transfer at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry., at Tacoma to N. P. Ry., at Vancouver to
c P Ry
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Sept.
26 Oct 1 and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota' Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
Ran Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. Sept. 22. 26, 30. Oct. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter. -.^
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Sept. 24, 2S, Oct. 2, and every fourth day
1 For^Ensenada, Mapdalena Bay, San Jos« del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. ISth of every
For further Information obtain folder.
I The company reserves the right to changa
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of Fallintr.
! fIOKKT OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
; street (Palace Hotel).
I GOODALL. PERKINS * CO., Gen. Agts..
-; 10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND ;
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. ", m. •-. - ■
CADC $12 First Class Includlne Berths
IAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
! State of California Sept. 25
! Geo. W. Elder Sept. 28
Columbia Sept. 22, Oct. 1
Through Tickets sold to all points In Oregon.
Washington, Idaho, Montana and the East.
E. C. WARD, General A/rent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. . ; .' ■
Superintendents.
Compaple Generate Transatlantic^.
•V •'■•■ . French Lino to Havre.
Company's pier ; (new) 42 North -p>~r»
. River, foot of Morton st. Travelers
: I by . this . line avoid both transit by ■3*»w**v
: | English railway and the discomfort of crossing
■ the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Esrypt, via T3 ' '-. first class. $140:
second class. $116.
, LA GASCOGNE........ Oct. 1. 10 a. m.
, iLA TOURAINE. Oct. 8. 10 a. m.
'LA CHAMPAGNE ......Oct 15, 10 a. m.
i LA NAVARRE Oct. 22. 10 a. m.
! LA N0RMAND1E. ............... .0ct 29. 10 a. m.
: For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
BAT AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steimer "Montlcello."
: Mon.. -Tues.. Wed., Thura. and Sat <
9:45 a. m., S:l5 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thars.>
Fridays........ ....1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
6unday« ';.... .'.10:30 a. m. »nd S p. m.
Landing and efflceo— Mission Pock. Pier i.
T«l»phon» Red Mfl-
TAKE TflE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY. TOO, at X 0 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay street Wharf. Faro 75c.
Delightful ■ Bay Trip, ,44 : miles and rMurß*
On Sundays. Excursion. 11.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FRIENDS DO
NOT BELIEVE
IN SUICIDE
Gregoire's Death Yet
a Mystery.
STORY OF A VOLUNTEER
HEARD ANGRY WORDS PRIOR
TO THE SHOOTING.
The Position of the Gun Suggests
That the Deceased Did Not
Use It on Him
self.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 26.
Friends of Cleophas Gregoire are nof at
all satisfied that he committed suicide.
The evidenoe placed before the Coroner's
Jury did not succeed in convincing that
body that Cleophas Gregoire died by his
own hand, and there are many circum
stances which indicate that he may have
been murdered.
Captain Anderson, of the Volunteers of
America, gave testimony which needs
some explanation, and the police should
certainly make an effort to discover the
man with whom Gregoire was quarreling
just twenty minutes before he came to
his death in such a mysterious manner.
Captain Anderson testified as follows:
"I left the Methodist church about ten
minutes to 10 o'clock with my wife and
her sister, who lives on Twenty-second
street. We walked down to Twenty-sec
ond street, and at the corner of Twenty
second and Grove we stopped and talked
as my wife's eister had only a block to
go .we went no further with her. On the
corner there stood two men talking. They
did not seem to agree. I paid particular
attention to them, and on the other side
there stood another man; he stood still
there. I turned and looked back at these
men that were talking there, and as I
looked at them they walked up toward
San Pablo and Grove. We talked there I
guess for ten minutes. When we came
back again, I and my wife, I noticed this
man that Is down In the Morgue now
was standing on the corner of San Pablo
avenue and Hobart street talking to a
man that was not so tall as this man
On the other side the same man was
standing across the street that was
standing down on Twenty-second street
I positively identify this man lying in the
Morgue as being one of those men. They
were talking about a contract. But the
car came along and made a noise and I
did not hear all the conversation. It oc
curred to me that it was a pretty dan
gerous place, people standing on the cor
ner talking like this, and I went on "
In response to the question "Who -was
this third man that you have described as
f-tanding off to one side?" the witness
answered: "He was standing on the other
side of the street. He had an overcoat
on. I could see that across the street
when the car passed." The witness went
on to describe the clothing -of the men
and the angry manner In which they were
talking.
"Did you notice the attitude of this de- i
ceased man?," was BJ»ked- the w!tnw.«.--
"Yes; the other man was talking to '■
this man of something that this other!
man wanted of this man (the deceased)
or something that he wanted him to con
sent to. That is what It seemed as I !
passed by."
There Is also much curiosity expressed
as to how, presuming Gregoire committed
suicide, the pistol should be found under
his shoulder while his hands were at his
side. The general experience of police
officers has been that when a man com
mits suicide the pistol is either close by
his hand or firmly clutched within the
lingers. Officer Swain testified that he
found the pistol underneath the deceased
between his right elbow and. shoulder.
The testimony of Mr. Remlllard showed
that during the day the deceased was
making all possible arrangements to
leave for Canada, and no evidence has
yet besn brought forward to suggest a
reason for suicide, ■
Some surprise has been expressed that
Dr. Perkins, who was the man who dis
covered the dead body of . Gregoire on the
grass, was not called at the inquest. In
describing the manner in which he found
Gregoire to a reporter Dr. Perkins said,
"Most decidedly this is not a case of sui
cide." •
MORE DELAY FOR
THE COUNTY BRIDGE
WAB DEPARTMENT HAS NO
DESIRE FOR HURRY.
Bids Will Not Be Called for Until All
Objections Are Re
moved.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, I
908 Broadway, Sept. 26.
The county bridge, which should have
been completed across the estuary a
month ago, and which has not yet been
commenced, was the subject of discussion
before the Supervisors this morning.
County Clerk Jordan read a telegram
from the Secretary of War stating that
the Southern Pacific Company was
• granted sixty dayß' extension from Au
gust 1 for • completing. Harrison-street
bridge and removing Alice-street bridge.
It also stated that if the company, would
apply for a further extension of four
months, from October 1, such application
would "be favorably considered.
Supervisor Roeth reported that he had
telegraphed the railroad company and
had been informed that It made applica
tion through its New York office.
Roeth asked ' why the resolution intro
duced by him several weeks ago, directing
the District Attorney and Clerk to adver
tise for bids for the new county bridge
at Webster street, had been sidetracked.
It was discovered from the minutes that
Mr. Roeth's resolution directed that an
advertisement be prepared and be placed
In the hands of the board. This, It ap
pears, has been done and the bridge bids
will be advertised for as soon as the
plans and other details are ready.
Associated Charities. ,
'OAKLAND, S»pt. -The annual roeetlns of
the AFs.>ciu.ti«i • fharitl.H was held to-nlffht at
the First Methodist Church. The following: new
b> ar<i of director! was elected: D. Edward
Collins P. E Bow '"s. Jame« P. Taylor, Mrs.
g. C r , Borland .Mrs. C. H. Reddlnjrton. Cralgle
Bharp, A. A. Dennlson Jamee A. Johnson, D.
C. Brown, Mrs. Templeton and M. J. Keller.
Annual reportH were made. The total number
of ap lcation 5 for relief <sur!nß the year wu
li 7i7 i The ££?d? d ya , rd . haß *Iv*n employment to
J247 men; 2287 meal tlcketa (s22g 70) were issued
and 684 lodging tickets (Jjg «). ■ r>urlnK " the
Evening Rev. E. R. Dllle- delivered a short ad
GRAPE-NUTS.
A DISH FOR DYSPEPTICS.
Persons suffering: from stomach trou-
bles find It hard to secure a food of
easy assimilation that contains enough
nourishment. A number who have
been suffering from serious forms of
stomach disorders have tried Grape-
Nuts, the predlgested food, and ob-
tained a food rich in nourishment and
easily digested. Food experts say there
la as much nourishment in one pound of
iJrape-Nuts as ten of meat.
It 1b a food .for athletes, brain work-
srs and Invalids. Made by the Pos-
tum Cereal Co., Battle Creek. Mich.
Grocers aelL
dress and Mies Minnie McKnight and Miss Ella
C. Rogers sang a soprano and contralto solo
respectively. The new directors will meat to
morrow and elect officers.
HEROIC BRIDGE-TENDER.
Charles Emlay and Al De Cook Res
cue Three Lads From Drown
ing in the Estuary.
OAKIjAND, Sept. 26.— Three more boys
have narrowly escaped death from drown
ing in the estuary , and two more names
have been added to the list of 'Webster
street-bridge heroes, one being Charles A.
Emlay, the bridge tender.
Yesterday afternoon a lad named
Johnnie Sllva of Second and Jackson
streets fell off the bridge while fishing,
and Mr. Emlay plunged Into the estuary
and rescued the drowning boy. Emlay
had hardly changed his clothes, when an
other little fellow scarcely 7 years old, fell
in, and after a desperate effort Emlay
also rescued this victim.
Albert de Cook of 212 Second street
also rescued a lad yesterday afternoon.
* 2 as RoDer t Campbell, a school boy
of \* est and Fortieth streets, who was
fishing off the end of Franklin-street
wharf when he fell in. De Cook plunged
in and managed to land him safely.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh cureguarant'd. Dr.
Qordin, (Sanitarium, 514 Pine, nr. Kearny. 3.F. Cal.
Commerce Street Injunction.
OAKLAND. Sept. 2i>.— Philip Schley has
brought suit ajrainst Street Superintend
ent M. K. Miller to have him enjoined
from making a sale of property delin
quent for assessment on account of the
improvement of Commerce street. The
grounds alleged are that some of the
proceedings were illegal, and that conse
quently the sale will cast a cloud on the
tire of plaintiff's lot at the northwest
corner of East Fourteenth street and
Sixteenth avenue. This suit is regarded
WILL FIGURE PROMINENTLY IN THE CONFERENCE.
'■ as another effort to stay the improve
ment of Commerce street, which the
■ Street Department has been fighting for
; about five years.
To-morrow night a meeting will be
I held at Cameron's hall for the purpose
of hearing a report from the committee
appointed to enjoin the Street Superin
i tendent from selling the property on the
: 29th inst. There are 768 pieces of prop
; erty advertised.
Barker Sues for a Divorce.
OAKLAND, Sept. 26.— W. F. Barker, who
expects to leave for EnglXnd soon to lay
claim to an alleged estate of fabulous
wealth, has filed suit for divorce from
Abble J. Barker. He alleges desertion
and "mental cruelty." The wife is now
stopping with relatives in Boston. When
he married his wife had some money.
This he invested in the Perry Commis
sion Company in Denver, Colo. He claims
that the ilrm "wont broke" by buying
up forty carloads of green fruit, which
were delayed on account of a strike and
rotted on their hands.
Leonore Silveria to-day filed suit for
divorce against Jose Victorine Silveria.
In the Tschurr divorce case a compro
mise was reached to-day whereby a de
cree and $50 monthly was granted to the
plaintiff's wife.
Who Stabbed RigneyP
OAKLAND, Sept. 26.— Michael Rlgney,
the. mining man and brother of the liv
eryman who sought the Democratic nom
ination for Sheriff, reached his home af
ter midnight this morning with an ugly
gash in the upper portion of his left leg.
He was unable to be out to-day, and Is
under the care of a physician. Rigney
gives conflicting stories as to how he was
Injured. He says he was stabbed in a
saloon while sitting in a chair, and again
says he was running when stabbed, but
declines to state who stabbed him.
The Feast of Yom Kippur.
OAKLAND, Sept. 26.— 8y way of ob
serving the festival of Yom Kippur ser
vices were held to-day in the synagogue
of the First Hebrew congregation and at
Beth Israel, In both of which places there
was a large attendance. Eloquent dis
courses were delivered, that of Rabbi
Friedlander being particularly interest
ing.
Most of the stores conducted by He
brews were closed to-day.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Sept. 26. — The habeas corpus pro
ceedings to test the ordinance requiring a per
mit for orators to speak on the streets will
come up before Judge Ogden to-morrow morn
ing, E. J. Orebs, one of the Socialist Bpeakern,
having surrendered himself Into custody for
that purpose.
John L. Sherman, charged with embezzling
$VX) from Mrs. A. Small, will be preliminarily
examined next Wednesday in the Police Court.
He claims now that he borrowed the money.
The Grand Jury was In session this afternoon
inveetlgating constables' bills, and also look-
Ing Into the charge that there is collusion with
the police to throw arrests into the hands of
the constables, who get fees. A number of
th« Alameda force were subpenaed to-day.
A email blaze at the fruit stand and resi
dence of Manuel Morris on Railroad avenue,
west of Twenty-third avenue, this afternoon,
caused $600 damages.
Blue and Gold Editors.
BERKELEY, Sept. 28.— W. Boutwell
Dunlap, editor in chief of the Blue and
Gold, to bo published this year by the
class of 1900 of the University of Califor
nia, has announced his staff as follows:
Miss Minnie R. Wilson, Miss Almee Stein
hart. Miss Estelle Lundy. Miss Evelyn K.
Aronson, Miss Alice hi. Duffy, Mint Elsie
C. Thompson, Percival Dolman Fred G.
Dorety. Stuart G. Masters, Harold C.
Bradley, John R. Moulthrop, Allison B.
Ware, John M. O'Brion, Charles E. Reith,
Harrison S. Robinson and William K.
White.
To Play for the Championship.
BERKELEY, Sopt. 2»>.— The annual
games for the tennis championship of the
University of California will be played
October 8 at the Madison-street courts
in Oakland. The championship will bo
for singles and doubles. No entrance fee
is to be charged, l^ntries may be given
to Earl Stone, Albert J. Bunn and Lem
Hunt.
Prisoners Observe Atonement Day.
The twelve convicts who are of the Jew
ish faith now serving sentence In San
Quentin observed the Day of Atonement
within the prison walls. These men
strictly observed the fast from sunset on
Sunday until sunset yesterday, when they
were treated to a sumptuous dinner by
the prison authorities, purlng the twen
ty-four hours of the fast religious service
consisting of prayers and reading of the
scriptures was observed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1393.
BRIGGS' TRIAL
WILL BEGIN
TO-MORROW
Conference of South
ern Methodists.
NEW BISHOP TO PRESIDE
THE HERESY CASE TO BE CON-
DUCTED SECRETLY.
Programme ox the Sessions That Will
Occupy the Time of Dele
gates for a
Week.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 26.
To-morrow afternoon the fo* .^'-eighth
annual conference of th© Methodist Epis
copal Church South will hold its prelim
inary meeting and will organize on Wed
nesday morning in the Asbury Church.
Many important feaauree are to come
before the conference, the chief of which
is the trial of Rev. Dr. Brlggs, which will
be held in secret. Added interest attaches
to the conference this year from the fact
that it is the first annual conference pre
sided over by the new bishop, F. R. Hen
drix of Kansas City, Bishop Hargrove
having taken charge of a Northern con
ference since last year. This will be the
third occasion on which the conference
has met in this city.
It is expected that one hundred minis
ters, twenty lay delegates and at least one
hundred visitors will be in attendance.
The entertainment committee has pro
vided for all that will arrive and this
evening announced that their labors were
completed.
During the conference the morning ses
sions will he devoted exclusively to rou
tine business — reading of reports from
officers and committees — and the ecclesi
astical trial of Rev. R. J. Briggs, former
ly pastor of the Centenary M. E. Church
South of San Francisco, will be conducted
necretly. The evenings will be occupied
by the anniversaries of church exten
sions, foreign and home missions, etc,
and on Wednesday evening the Epworth
Leagues of Alameda County will tender
a reception to Dr. H. M. Dv Bose, D.D.,
general secretary of the Epworth League
and editor of the Epworth Era, formerly
editor of the Pacific Methodist Advocate
of San Francisco. On this occasion Dr.
Dv Bose will be the principal speaker.
On Thursday afternoon and Frldav af
ternoon and evening the Woman's Home
Mission Society will meet and be ad
dressed by Miss Belle H. Bennett, na
tional president.
Bishop Hendrix will preach at Anbury
Church next Sunday and In the ovening
Dr. J. C. Simmons, D. D., will deliver
his semi-centennial sermon.
The examination of candidates for ad
mission Into the conference will take
place on to-morrow (Tuesday), under the
direction of the following five commit
tees:
T Applicants for admission by R. F. Allen,
H. M. McKnight, J. Hannon.
First year— C. B. Reddlck, L. A. Greene,
J. Hedgpeth.
Second year-C. R. Lamar, A- P. Few,
--Fourth year-H. C. Meredith, Z. J.
Needham and W. A. Booher.
PUGS CROSS THE COUNTY LINE.
A Carload of San Francisco Boughs
Enter ban Mateo to Fight.
A sufficient number of San Francisco
roughs to fill an electric car of the San
Francisco and San Mateo line left this
city last night about 9 o'clock and crossed
the county line into San Mateo, where
they indulged in a prize fight with bare
knuckles.
The news of their departure from San
Francisco came in by the way of Ocean
View over the telephone wire with but
meager information, stating that "Kid"
Johnston and a man named McMahon
had been matched to fight ten rounds
Following this set-to Edward Prender
gast of Ocean View was to face a New
York bruiser named Collins in a like
number of rounds. The motive which
prompted these fights is said to be the
settlement of some old grudges existing
between the quartet. The exact place
where the mill came off was carefully
kept secret, fearing the information
might reach the Sheriff of San Mateo
County.
The San Francisco police had been
posted on the movements of the roughs,
but their jurisdiction ended at the county
line and it was too late to telegraph the
Sheriff of the adjoining county in time
to Btop the fight.
AMONG THE PUGILISTS.
Fistic Entertainments That Will Be
Given by the Email -'ry Bjx
ing Clubs.
The California Athletic and Swimming
Club will give a fistic entertainment this
evening. The feature of the sport will be
an eight-round contest between Henry
Butler and Joe Lavigne. C. J. Plckard,
E. Martin, "Kid" Hilton and Joe Watson
are also booked to appear. Young Peter
Jackson and Roger Cornell will wrestle
catch-as-catch-can.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
entertain its members on Thursday. Its
bill of fistic fare consists of four roundß
between John Firet and John Kane and
Youns Fitzsimmons and "Kid" Parker.
Wrestling between F. Hoffman and Frank
Ely and June Dennis and John McMahon.
The Excelsior Athletic Club will give
some contests in Woodward's Pavilion
Friday evening. The event of importance
will be a twenty round go between Joe
Kennedy and Jack Stelzner.
EIGHT HARD ROUNDS.
Eugene Mulligan Won a Decision
From the vlame Charley John-
son on Points.
Th« Alpine Athletic Club gave its
monthly entertainment last evening, and
a crowded house nleased the managers.
The two events that ushered in the
event of the evening could not be consid
ered appetizers, as they were, so to speak,
as tame as church mice. In fact, the ser
geant of police in attendance was serious
ly inclined to stop the alleged boxing, as
the spectators were suffering an intense
tired feeling.
The feature of the evening, however,
made up for the opening events. It was
an eight-round contest between the game
and willing auburn-haired pugilist Eugene
Mulligan of the Merchants' Athletic Club
and Charles Johnson of the California
Athletic and Swimming Club. The bout
was thoroughly Interesting, as the con
testants fought every inch of ground from
start to finish, and in the last round the
contest was of such a spirited nature that
every spoft present was on his leet and
shouting for his favorite.
In the opening round Mulligan scored a
lead until near the finish, when Johnson
opened his dog's of war* and landi-d a few
heavy right-handers on "Mull's" chin
which partially dazed the recipient.
The second ended with honors even. In
the third , MulliKan landed four hard
rights on Johnson's left ear and two body
blows, which were very effective. This
was Mulligan's round beyond question.
The fourth was replete with hard
smashes, both men landing blow for blow.
Johnson retired to his corner looking very
red In the face. Johnson had a shade the
best of the fifth.
The sixth was Mulligan's on points, as
he repeatedly ducked very cleverly under
Johnson's right-hand jabs and time and
again he put his right on Johnson's ear.
According to Queensberry rules a clever
duck scores in favor of the ducker and
against the man who falls to land. This
is something which referees seldom take
into consideration.
The seventh round also ended in favor
of Mulligan on points, as Johnson seem
ingly relied solely on his good right to
put Mulligan out, but repeatedly failed
to land. Had he used his left on "straight
leads and then placed his right on the jaw
when a favorable opportunity presented
a different result might have been an
nounced.
The eighth terminated slightly In favor
of Johnson, who had the better staving
qualities and fought like a demon. Both
men were very groggy when the gong
sounded for the end of hostilities. Pos
sibly if the contest had lasted ten rounds
Johnson would have won, as he evidently
had the better staying qualities.
St. Patrick's Sazaar.
The entertainment and reception com
mittees of St. Patrick's Bazaar held an
enthusiastic meeting last evening and ar
ranged a programme for each evening of
the present week. On Wednesday night
the fair will be opened. Governor Budd
will make a speech. The San Francisco
Quartet will sing. St. Patrick's orchestra
will play during the entire evening. The
Children of Mary booth, Mrs. T. D. Sul
livan presiding, will give a musical and
literary entertainment Thursday night.
Friday evening Leo XIII booth. Miss
Doran, president, will entertain the visi
tors to the fair. St. Ignatius booth, pre
sided over by Miss Dhue, will present an
elaborate programme Saturday night.
The literary booth has decided to issue a
dally journal, styled St. Patrick's Bazaar
Bulletin, during the fair.
Mrs. 11. J. Hanchette Dead.
Mrs. Emma A. Hanchette, a school
teacher of Los Angeles, died at the Lane
Hospital yesterday forenoon from the re-
Bult of a surgical operation.
The death of Mrs. Hanchette recalls the
mysterious disappearance of her husband,
Harry Jay Hanchette, about ten years
ago, since ■which time he has never been
heard from. At the time of his dlsap
pearanoe he left this city to go to Los
Angeles, where everything was then
booming. From that day to the present
he has never been seen by any one who
knew him.
Wolf No Longer Executor.
John Wolf, the missing member of the
Wolf-Wreden Company, was removed as.
the executor of the estate of Sarah M.
Pearson by Judge Troutt yesterday, jjt
is charged that Wolf is short in his ac
counts as executor of the estate and that
such shortage is responsible for his dis
appearance.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAllßOte
." Via Sausalite Ferry. . -
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
. . - • AND SAN RAFAEL. -.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O,: •9:30. 11:00 a. m.; »1:45,
3:45, 6:15, •6:00,,6:30 p. m. ' , ■-■, . .
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at • 11:30 p. m. --.-.-■
SUNDAYS— •10:00, *ll:30 a. m.; »l:15.
8:00, *4:80, 6:15 p. m. ? . - - ; " ;
" Trains marked • : run to San Quentln. • >
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, •6:35.-7:45,', »9:30 a. m.;
• n2:20, 2:20, *3:45, 5:05 p. m. -.' • . ■:: ■■:,,-
"': EXTRA ;• TRIPS on . Mondays, . Wednesdays
and Saturday at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •8:00. *10:00, ni:6s ,a. m.;
•1:15, •3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p.m. •. - ; ; ,
y Trains marked • start from San Quentln.' .
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
* WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. : 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m. :
12:35. 1:45, 3:50, 5:20 p.m. . r.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, . Wadnesdaya
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.'. -
----. SUNDAYS— B:OO, ; 10:05 a. m.; 12:06. 1:20. 8:20,
6:00. 8:20 p. m. ' f- ' -' - - ■-■ - ;.>.?• ■■
THROUGH TRAINS. , v
: 7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
', 1:45 :p. m. Saturdays— Mills • and - wa> •
stations. ■'■■'■:■'• - ..■- -:u. ;»-■;-'-'*'■-':. ■;':■ -'.- : . ■■ . ' -;-
8 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and : way sta's.
Y^v^ DnGib^n'spispehsary,]
jLstf^S 6 25 HEARST »T. Established
Qnlnra In 1854 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 X E AUNT »T. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Dlseaaes, Lost Manhood. Debility or
H|^^aSHl dlHease wearing body and mind and
IJM Bl skin Diseases. The doctor cureswhen
SH H others fall. Try him. Charges low.
3HPBBI €nrc>anar»nU>rd. Call orvrrlte.
' Dr. 4. ¥. «ii JCBBON* B«x l»s7,Sau Francisco. :'
. ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
ra B I■■ ■■ V^P
SIGK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
lattle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. • They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
PROCLAMATION.
6tate of california.
executive: department,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the Stute of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. V. 1897,
two-thirds of all the members elected to earn
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Bection 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any indebtedness or liability In any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the absent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such Indebtedness as It falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to' and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner: and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay its extst-
ing indebtedness incurred in the construction
of its water works, v/her.ever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Btate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be Unown anrt designated as Bection
Beve'n and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7H- The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at leant five years; qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to thn Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county. Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special election, and if
a majority of such Qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, It shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it Bhall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organio law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
in-consistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act. certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds in the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial nottde thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended, at intervals of not less than two.
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
in a newspaper of general circulation in such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature aa herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
° It^han be competent in all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which the time* at which, and the terms for
which the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable, to each of
such deputies, for the manner in which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such boards, and of their cierks and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people Bhall be con-
ducted' and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any county has. in the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted any
eountv government act. and the F«rai> shnll
have "been approved by the Legislature as
aforesaid, the direction of section* four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State and likewise providing for th» elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
Said county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act, not be
subiect to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified in the
manner hereinabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMgER THREE
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
44. )
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California & n amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section 5Vi. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
pf Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims «f every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Us judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
cf the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the «eeond Monday of March;
In the City and County of San Franctsoo,
commencing on the second Monday in July,
and
In the City of Sacramento, commencing; on I
AUCTION SALES.
EMIL COHN, AUCTIONEER.
Offlce residence, 430 Seventh* st. Telephone
• : Mint 1904. ; -•
: Regnlar sale days every Monday, at 1123 How-
ard st. Highest cash paid for furniture, mer-
chandise, etc. V- % v
TO-DAT (TUESDAY), Sept. 27, 189S, at 11
a. m., at above salesrooms,' 50 rooms of furni-
ture, ; carpets, ranges, ; etc. ",
Also at 2 p..m., contents of a candy, and
grocery store, . shelving, counters, show cases,
scales, etc., removed to my. salesroom. Com-
mence 8 o'clock. EMIL COHN, Auctioneer.
FURNITURE OF 20 ROOMS.
THIS DAY ; (TUESDAY) AT- 11 A. M.
209. GRANT AVENUE, NEAR SUTTER ST.
FRANK ,W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market.
AUCTION SALE.
S^--> Ss^ .-133
THURSDAY....... .....SEPT. 29, IS9B,
At 10 O'clock, ~
Contents of SARATOGA LIVERY STABLES,
Sl4 GEARY ST., BET. HYDE and LARKIN
STS., SAN FRANCISCO,
By order of the court to satisfy Judgment in
the case of J. J. Raver vs. Fred Kreegan, I
will sell at public : auction, contents of above
etables, consisting of New and Second-Hand
Hacks, Wagonettes, Surreys, Phaetons, Open
and Top Buggies, Carts, Wagons, Bike Sulky,
Double and Single Harness. Terms— Cash.
RICHARD I. WHELAN. Sheriff.
iWeeßy Gall,sl.soperYßar
ThVj«d« M n , <l y of November of each year,
receive ™ Riding such term of court shall
shin ™™? eX A ra . compensation therefor, but
f,,>? // e = elve tholr actual expenses, to be paid
The T • **, f enera L fund of «ie State treasury,
to J£ B ' atur V enact all- laws necessary
pertnrf Jl 26 , uch court ' to -provide the pro-
of this section *" t0 caJI 7 out the Provisions
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
I. No.- 87.) .
Rttt l* 8 ? £ tlo , n to Propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
?. V°i n of the state . amending article eleven.
oy adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
said proposed new section to read as follows:
•Si « $**• The provisions of sections four
and ?vl?? v l? of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
nave become, or shall become, organized under
section /even, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE. ;
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
_A_ resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article fire of the
Constitution of the , State of California, by
which it Is proposed to amend said section* to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and In the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
■ Section l«. in case of the Impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death.
inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence, from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability snail
cease.' And should the Lieutenant Governor be
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State,. the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice . shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until ; the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election. . .
i --: AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being "• Assembly '■*■ Constitutional Amendment
: • V No. 38.)
| A resolution to propose to the people of the
I State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high ■ schools, evening schools, normal schools
ami technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively ' to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized- in a'
school district, or union of school districts,'
having more than one thousand Inhabitants, la
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific) department of the Univer-
sity of California.
. AMENDMENT . NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 84.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
State of California an amendment to section '
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 3. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January-
next succeeding the : election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then . remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not leas than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be i
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling -the Legislature shall complete ■ its I
session. No pay shall be allowed to members :
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be introduced In either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,-
without the consent .of • three-fourths .of tho •
menfbers thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro- !
posed amendments to - the . Constitution of the
State of California,- to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. 1883,
the above-described proposed amendments : are-
hereby published . and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State; at the election to be held throughout
this State on .:...■;
;• TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, A. D. 1898. -
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows: - : - :-. \ -. .-■; . , . .- ' .... .-■:.::•.-. -• .■:
Each ; ballot used : at such election must con-
tain written or ; printed ■ thereon . the following
words, ; whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided -by: law: .- .
Amendment Number One, being Senate '
Constitutional - Amendment -, No. .41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and -
the existing Indebtedness of the City Tea
-of Vallejo for the construction .of its. , ' . ■ .
water works from the provisions of * No
■ the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
Incurred). • . . ■
For the Amendment?, : !
Amendment Number Two, being Senate ' ;
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea
r (providing for ', framing > local county { '
government acts: by • inhabitants of . No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment?- ; ;■ ■ .'.•/,"
Amendment Number -Three, being Sen- '
t ate Constitutional Amendment ■ No."
44 ■ (providing for ■ the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims ■" Tea
against : the State, and to consist of • : —
; three Superior Judges ; designated by •No
the Governor to , serve without extra
. compensation)." >l •
, ': For the Amendment? , :
Amendment ; Number Four, being As-
sembly • Constitutional .•« Amendment .'.-.-■
t No, 87 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
• and 1 counties, organized? or to be ; or-. .
■- ganlzed, or holding ■: a■■ charter run- No
der the Constitution, - from certain leg- .
-. islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment?, " : ;
Amendment " Number = Five, being As- ' ■'■
■ sembly =- Constitutional . Amendment
: No. (relating to office of Governor, Y»&
.-• providing r. for - succession ■ thereto *in j -"„ *.
certain cases and removing disability .: No
'of Lieutenant Governor from holding . •
• other s office ; during , term).
For the Amendment? ;
Amendment Number Six. being Assem- '
■ bly Constitutional Amendment . No. 38 I Tea
(relating to and ? defining Grammar -■—
Schools)., ' . : - No
For the Amendment? ; :
'Amendment- Number Seven, ■ being As- f /• !
sembly. ■•-: Constitutional . : Amendment ; - V •
:-• No. ■34 , (providing for adjournment of . ■ Tea
Legislature ' for ■= not r less ; than ; thirty- -- ■
•; nor more than sixty days during each No
'"■:-. session). ;
; ; For the Amendment? ■/i^^gi^^ I '■'>
• ■ Witness my hand * and . the Great Seal at th»
State of - California,* the * day . and year ! herein
first above written.--"' ---•»--' ■■».-.'-■* • \ ■-'.-.. -.; . , :
■;.;■■■-'■ - : • ■ JAMES H. BTJDD, Governor. ' T
Attest: I* H. BROWN, Secretary of State.
[SEAL.I s .■ ,-■----..--.- -- ■ .. - ,-..- .- . -;.
EAILBO AD > TRAVEL.
soiJTiir.RSf P*t:lFIC fOMPAST.
■ • (PACIFIC STfHTICM.) "J
Train* leitTcfniKl hit <)h« <o nrrlve »t
.SAN I'K.tN(!IN<!».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
tKAVE — From Sept. 10, 1898. — " aeeitb
•6:00 a Niles, San Joae »nd Way Stations... *8:45 l
. 7:OOa Benicia, Huiaun md Sftoramecto. ... 10:*5 a.
7iooa Marysville, Orovflle and Redding via
Woodland ......;..............:.. B:**v
' 7:00 a Elmira, Vaoavilleandßumsey... 8:45p
7:*IO Martinez, S«n Kaiuou, V>illejo, Xapn,
•-.■■•• - Calistoga and Hauta Rosa ..... 6:15 i»
S:OOa Atlantic J!ipre«s, <>g<l«ii and l')ast.. B:4.T>F
»::»»> A San Jose, .Stockton, Valley Spring,
. lone, Sacramento, Marj'Hville,
Chico, Tehama aud lied IllufT 4«l»p ;
8:3Oa Peters, Oakdale and Jamestown.... < T«l.*i» .
•8:30 a Milton... »7:1»P
•iOOa New Orleans Kxpreos. Meroed, Fres-
nn, Bakei-slielil, Santa I I.ViUra,
I/OS AiiKelen, Demi"*, El Paso,
New Orleans and Kant...".. 6:4!>p
1O:OOa. Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations • 7:45r
•liOOp Sacramento lUter Bte»ini-rs ... «»:!»<>p
lxOOpNUea, San Joge and Way Stations... 11:-*5 a,
....... San Jose, Niles and Way Stations ... t»: 1 Sa.
8t«Op LiTcrmore, Mendota, Hanford and : -
VUalia 4:13P
LlTonuore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations JI0:13a
4iOOr Martinez, San liunion, Vallejo,
• ' - Navi.i, ('alistoga, ICI Verano aud
Santa 1t05a...:.. 9il»A
4iOOp ßcnieia, Vacaville, Woodland, ;
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
ville sndSaoranißtito 10:43 a
4i3Op Niles. San Jose, Tracy and Stoolrton 7:13? ..
4:8 Op Stockton and Lodi ISUSr
*:3op LatUrop, Modsato, Fresno, Mojave, '- >'v
Santa Barbara and I.ois Augeles 7i4Sa
4iSop Martinez, Merced (Raymond for
■ ' Yoaemite, Monday, Wednesday
»nd Friday) and Fresno 13:1»P
4i!lOp Santa Kfi Jtonle. Atlantic Kxpreas
. for Moja»e and Ka5t....... 6i43p
6iO»p KHropean Mail, Ogdeii and Kast.... 9i4S.V
•O:OOi- Vallejo.... 1«:I5p
6:« Op lCnyuar<l«. Nll.g ami Han .Tose 7:43 a
f7:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions... t«J:43p
StOOp Oregon Hacr«inento, Miurya-
Tili... ltr,l,lii,L-, TortlaiKi, Ingot
.Siinnil ami Kiwt ....■■ gi!3\
BAX LfcAMIKO AM) HAY VV Ail I>S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) . .
1 Jlflrosp. Seni'itiiry Park, (
8:OOA Fitclibnrir, KlnilmrHt, S ]3*
»9:OOa San I-eandro, Koiifh S»« i2jii A '
lO.OOa Leandro, F.»tu<JUlo, i«'l?i
ni-oOM ' Lore«», Cherry ■ t \USr
7-oop HarwanK «6.45p
7.00P 4 Rung through to uiieg. 7:45p
J t From Nllea. t
' COAST IMVISION (N'airoir <Jange).
i (Foot of Market Street.) __.
J7:45a Santa Cruz Kxcursion, Santa Cruz ~
' and Principal Way Stations ....... JS ! *3p
S:l3ANewark,CecterTille,SanJose,Felton,
• Boulder Oeek, HanUOrar and Way
Stations BißOr
*S:lSr Newark, Centcrrille, San Jose, ITew
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, •
■ BanU Oruz and Principal Way
Btatioos..... *10t3<>A
4tl3p San Jose, wood k Way Stations 9:20 a.
g4:l3p Bonlder Creek and Banta Oruz jt»:a«U
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Fram 81K FKMCISCO— oot or JUrket Streal (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 ll:0(U.M. |l:00 ♦B=oo tltOO
•4:00 tS:OO *6:00 r.i«.
fromOlKUKß— Fast «f BroidwsT/— "6:00 8:00 10 .-00 A.M.
U2:00 •1:00 ta:OO *9:00 tliOO «B:OOr.ii.
' COAST IM7ISIOS (Broad Q&ugt).
' (Third and Townsend Bte.)
~ *7<o*a San Joae and Way Station* (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y).....'.. l:30p
J7i Boa Snndaj Excursion for Sou Jose,
Santa Cruz, Paoiiio Orore and
Principal Way Stations JS:B3p
9iooa Qau Jose. Trea Pinos, Hunta Cmi,
Paclßc Orore, Paso KoMes, Baa
Lnis Oh'njio. Unadalups, Surf and
Priiidiial Way SUtiolis 4ilop
lO(4*a Baa Jose and Way actions *8:00 a
lIiSOa San Jose and War Stations *B>B3a
•a>43p Baa Mateo, wood, Meulo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose, ,
Oilroy, HoQister, Saita Cruz,
8«liua«, Monterey and Pacific
Grove »I©«»Sa
•Sia»p San Jose and Way Stations *9:00 a
*4il3p San .Tone PriDcipal Way Stations 9:43 a
•BjO*p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:33 a
3:30p Saa Joae au4 Principal Way Stations 5«»0p
OiSQp San Jose an«l Way Stations 7:SOp
t11:43p Sau JosaandWay Stations.. . M . v . ' 7;»0p
A for Morning. " P for Afternoon.
* Sandays exoepted. J Sundays only. ♦ Saturdays only
J Suniiayg and Mondayg. a Ratnrdays aril SmtkHth.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
. LESSEE
CAR FRARCISCO ARD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tliwoa Ferry. Foot »t Markot St.
BAN FHANCISCO ,TO SAN RAFAEL.
WKEK DATS— 7^O. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12-88.
»^ W Vi Ik 10 ' 6:30 8" m - Thnrsdays— Extra trio
and H?3(f" m - 6aturda s - 'a trips at 1:»
6 ana 11:30 p. m. 9:M " * M *• ; 1:M « ' >:M »
B V^, D tloVm- 9:M " "^ * m " : 1: * "^
W^xS^&TSo, S^. c s<
!;M'and 1( U-p. m m *«™*»*+^*** trip, at
BUNDAYS-gao, 9:4«, ll:M a. m.; 1:40. 3:44.
D:w, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
tame schedule aa abov«.
■ Leave . "~ Arriva
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
-— ~ June 29, — .
Week Sun- 1898. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination.. days. Days.
T:Boam 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam
B:3opm 9:Boam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:lopm 6:oopm Santa Roea. 7:35 pm 6:22 pra
Fulton,
T:3oam Windsor, - . 10:25
. Eealdsburg,
Lytton,
Oeyservllla, :
1:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 5 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am ' Eopland and 10:2!iam
B:2opm 8:00 am XJklah. 7:35 pm 6:23pm
7:3oam 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevilla. 7:35pm >
8:80 pm / . . _ 6:22 pm
i 7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
■ ' and
E:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:2lpm
7:Boam 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 am
B:3opm s:oopm • 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Samta Rosa for Mark West
I Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Qey-
■ servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
i Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
! Springs, Soda Bay, . Lakeport - and Bartlett
i Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Uppep
i Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,. John Day's, River-
: Bide, Llerley*s Bucknell's, i Sanhedrin Heights.
i Hullville, Boonevllle, Or^s Hot Springs, Men-
; docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
| . Saturday to Monday round trip tickets " at
! reduced rates. • ■
On Sundays round trip tickets to all- points
| beyond San Rafael at half rates.
i Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle' bldg.
! H. C. WHITING. R. X.-RTAN, -.-.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. -
Santa Feßoute
THE BBST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
I Pv©rjr Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Oarm
; and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time
Leave Ban Kranelsco.4:3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.B* "
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
! Arrtv« Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W. ~
I Arrive St. Louis..... 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
j Arrive Ch1cag0.......9:00 p. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
6ervo Superior Meals at Very Reasons
able Rates.
yOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
I? You.Travel on the Santa FO4
SAR FRAKCISCQ TICKET OFFICE— SM MARKET SI
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento offio«- 2)1 J Street.
San Joae Office— "Wast Santa : Clara Si
THE; SAN FRANCISCO AND. SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1. 18-JS, ralna will run as follows: ;
South-bound. I _. -North-bound.:
Passen- Mixed. ' ' Mixed Passen-
ger. Bun<lay Sunday ger.
| Dally. Eit .■ ■! Stations. Exc'ptd Daily.
7 am 9:00 am -' Btockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pra
i 9:10 am 12:50pm . Merced 12:60pm 3:53pm
, ,10:40 am 3:sopm Fresno 9:3oam 2:2opm
11:33 am 6:45pm Hanford 7:4riam I:2spm '
2:46pm 11:50pm Bakerstteld 2:Boam 10:15 am •
12:05 pm 7:50 pm Visalia | 6:40 amil2:s6 pm
. Stopping at intermediate. points as required. ?-~-
Connections— Stockton with steamboats of
I California ■ Navigation ' and Improvement Com-
; pany, leaving ' San . Francisco and Stockton at t
; p. m. ; dally, excepting Sunday from San Fran-
cisco: at Merced ' with stages -to ■ and from
Bnellings, Coultervllle, Yosemite,. . etc.: ; aUo *
i with stage ? from • Hornitos, ; Marlposa.' etc. ; , at '
; Lankershim with stage to and from Madera. ■ -
MOUNf TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY."
.—.', ; (Via Sausalito Ferry.) x -i '-■ •.-•:"
' Leave San .. Francisco, • commencing 6unday.
Sept. 11. 1898: - -. ...--■ -:.
-•Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.. . ■/ ■:,-:■■■> <£'<
Sundays— • 10:00, 11:30 a. ; m., . 1:15 p, «.^
i Bound trip from Mill Valley, $L "
THOS. COOK j & SON, • Agenta, J 621 Markea %
1 ■treet. Sao: Francisco.
910
"THE SEVENTH
MAY YET GO
TO MANILA"
General Merriam Has
So Stated.
TRANSPORTS NOW EXPECTED
THE ORDER OF DEPARTURE
NOT YET DETERMINED.
Colonel Smith of the Tennessee Regi
ment Tunis Over the Money
for the Thomas Fam
ily's Damages. .
, "There Is yet a possibility that the Sev
enth California Regiment may go to Ma
nila." . . • . •
The above statement was made yester
day afternoon by Major General Merrlam
at department headquarters: - Beyond
this the general would not discuss the
matter or give out anything for publica
tion, but ho intimated that he had re
ceived news from Washington that
showed that the mustering out of the
Seventh may be ordered stopped. at any
moment, and in fact it is believed that
the orders have been received and will
be communicated to Captain Pratt to-day.
Late yesterday afternoon, when Cap
tain Pratt closed his office for. the day
and left for his honie at Fort Mason, he
declared that he had received no orders
to cease mustering put the. regiment, but
he stated that as a result of what he had
seen in the papers he had stopped giving
any of the men their discharges. The
captain- said that he had. found .the regi
ment in excellent shape' and that there
was no better In- the service. . As far as
Captain Pratt's work is concerned' he will
have, the regiment ready to go to Los An
geles to-morrow.
The transports are daily expected to be
gin arriving here. The Senator should
get here this week for a certainty, and
there may be two more vessels in. If It
is found that they do not have to go into
Urydock, then the llrst of ■ the cle-tach
rm-nts of the troops may get away In
about two weeks' time. Quartermaster
Thompson had an interview with General
Merrlam, In which in>- latter stated that
the men must be supplied with ponchos
as they, had been found more service
able. than overcoats, for the latter had
proven of no use to the troops in the
warm climate. As to the order in which
the troops will leave no one at present
knows anything. It is probable that Gen
eral .Merrlam will ask General Miller for
his recommendations or he may turn the
whole matter over to him, which is more
probalile. • . •
Private Ham- E. Goodrich. Company
M. Seventh California Regiment, died at
the Division Hospital late on Sunday
night of typhoid fever.
Colonel Smith of the Tennessee Regi
ment yesterday turned over to Assistant
Adjutant General Woodward, of General
Millers staff, the money for the dam
age done the property of Zero Thomas
by the soldiers of his regiment. This
money will bo given to Thomas to-mor
row. This- formally closes the affair
Lieutenant Alfred Aloe of the Eigh
teenth Infantry has been temporarily at
tached to the Third Battalion of the
Twenty T third Infantry.
WANT TO GO HOME.
Soldiers of the Seventh Do Not
Want to Remain in the
Service:
It being almost a certainty that or
ders have been received here at depart
ment headquarters for the .retaining in
the service, of the Seventh Regiment, the
men of the organization have given ex
pression to their feelings in the matter.
They want to be mustered out. At least
50 per cent of them declare themselves as
anxious to leave the service.
When it became known yesterday that j
there was a possibility that the -regiment !
would not be • mustered out, several of !
the companies held meetings and ap- |
pointed committees, who were instructed
to invoke the influence of their friends
and the press in having the regiment got-
ten out of the service as soon as possi
ble. The men declare that they do not
tvant to do garrison duty, and they bring
up the charge against their offirtM-s that
they have been working on General Mer- |
riam since his return to have the regi- I
ment retained simply because they want I
to continue to draw the salaries that !
they are getting now. Company B was
one of the companies- that appointed a
committee, and the members of it de
clare that positively 80 per cent of the
men want to get home and out of tho
service' at once. They say that even if.
they are the first to be sent to Manila
they still desire to leave the service.
They intend to use even* Influence in
jhelr power to be mustf-red out if it should
happen that orders have been received to
retain the regiment in service.
ARMY SUPPLY DEPOT.
The Largest ' West of Phila-
delphia Is Likely to Be
Established Here.
There are bright prospects that San
Francisco will have the largest depot for
&rmy supplies west of Philadelphia. The
quarters for supplies have already been
swelled by the addition of the old Ex
iminer building on Mission street. This
was secured for the purpose of storing
the arms, equipments, etc., released by
the Sixth and Seventh California regi
ments when mustered out.
Colonel Long, speaking of the matter at
the quartermaster's department yester
jlay, said: "I have no doubt that the
large increase to be made in- the forces
now stationed at various points in the
Pacific will cause a corresponding in
rrease in the capactlty of the army store
nouses in t...s city. It is very probable
that the department has under contem
plation the establishing of a very large
3epot for supplies in San Francisco. Thus
far I have received nothing official in the
matter."
It has been said that the building now
sccupied by Wells, Fargo & Co. will be
Utilized as soon as the company moves
to their new location.
tNGUGLIA'S CROSS COMPLAINT.
Charges His Wife With Having De
ceived and Defrauded Him.
„ John B. Inguglia. the well-known mer
chant, whose wife a short time ago
Drought suit against him for divorce, al
leging infidelity as a cause of action.
Sled his answer and cross complaint yes
terday. Inguglia denies the allegations
t>f his wife, and in the cross complaint
tsks that the court set aside deeds to real
mate which he .alleges his wife procured
from him by fraud.
He states that immediately after his
Rife had procured the deeds her
Treatment of him changed. He then
law that her object in procuring the
Seeds was a mercenary one; she Intend
ed to leave him, and did not want to be
without funds. In substantiation of his
Jontentlbn he points to the divorce suit
recently filed by his wife.
In the prayer of the cross complaint
inguglia asks that his wife's suit be dis
missed and that the deeds be revoked.
Remembered a Hero's Family.
It is believed that the family of the late
Taptain Richter, who was killed In the
>attle of Manila, will be the richer by be
fween $2000 and $3000 by the benefit given
last Saturday evening In the Pavilion.
The tickets sold and taken at the door
it the big hall amounted to over $3000, and
f he refreshments booths took In some
;hlng over $350. It will be a week or more
Jefore the full returns wlh be ascertained.
is many tickets taken out have not been
.ccounted for.
McLAUGHLIN
AGAIN KING
OF MARKSMEN
Will Rule a Second
Year at the Butts.
AUTUMN SHOOT IS ENDED
CALIFORNIA SCHUETZEN CLUB
BUILDS BIG SCORES.
The Final Festivities of the Great
est Shoot in Years Will Be
Held on bun
day.
Again will D. W. Mclaughlin be
crowned king of marksmen. For a year
he has reigned, and for the year to come
will the crack of his rifle emphasize hj s
claim to leadership of those who, of a fair
Sunday, go into the California Schuetzen
Club's range to burn powder and pile up
scores.
• King McLaughliri's second claim to sov
ereignty was made good yesterday after
noon, when, at the end of the club's au-
McLaughlin.the New Shooting King.
tumnal shoot, it was announced that his
score was best of the spven marksmen
who entered in the king's tourney. For a
good half hour the racket of rifles was
quieted, and the popping of champagne
corks, that had only the celling for a
target, gave the noisy eclat that Is char
acteristic of all Schuetzen meets. It was
a gala Ume, this fending ot the king, and
only Philo Jacoby's enforced absence
dimmed the ardor r>f it.
Outside the king list, D. B. Faktor cap
tured first honors and will take all of the
numerous first prizes as his reward of
merit. Following him, so closely that
only the "second best shot" made the
difference, came Captain F. B. Schuster,
John I'tschig Sr. and L. C. Babin, all
pioneers of the California's range,- and all
of them medal holders for past achieve
ment.
The first and last bullsoyc-s of the morn
ing went to Captain -Frt'd Kuhls and L.
C. Babin'; the first and last of the after
noon to L. C. Rabin and D. B. Faktor.
The close of the shoot by no means
. marks finale at the end of the season's
festivity. There are the prizf-s vet to be
presented to their winners, and for the
jolly ceremony that always attends upon
the presentation Sunday is the day set.
Captain Fred' W. Schumann is arranging
for the event, which will be held at the
park, near San Rafael.
• The morning will be given over to work
in the ranges and picnicking through the
grounds; lunch at noon and. the exercises
in the pavilion after it. The pretty cere-,
mony of the annual passing o. the" loving
cup will follow the distribution of the
prizes, and it is counted no small honor
to drink from that same loving cup for it
is the only idol that good Schuetzens bow
down to, and most r>f those of the old
Centennial team, who .by their prowess
brought i.t back from Philadelphia in 1876
Will be at hand to have their sip.
Following are the leading phots of the
season's scores:
On the point target— R. linger, 72; C. Eslng
80; A. r.ertolsen J7; F. E. Mason, 113; A.
Ftrei-ker. 140; D. W. McLaughlln. 147; L
Ha«kc, IKS: G. Myer, 222; O. Bremer, 2.*4 ; Wil
liam Ehrenpfnrt. 26.": Captain Altlnger. <272;
Charles Tliierh;irh, 289; I). B. Faktf.r 301- J
G. McMillan, 308; J. Utschlg Jr.. 30ft; J. Utschig
Sr.. 373; L. C. Babln, 464; J. Jones 475- F P
I Schuster,' 477; H. Hellherg. 475.
I On the honorary target— D. B. Faktor, 72; F.
, B. Schuster. 72: J. rtschlg Sr, 72; L. C. Babf,.
I 66; Li. Ritzau. 64.
In the king's lists, out of a possible 250
In ten shots:
D. W. McLaughlln, 225 ; F. B. Schuster, 224'
D. n. Faktor. 217; John rtsehlg Sr.. W; F. U
Mason. XX; O. Kremer. 204; Captain Kuhle, 203.
The complete score will be measured
and announced at the. regular meeting of
the club this evening at Elntracht Hall.
A DEATH-BED MARRIAGE.
Suit was filed yesterday by Malvlna De
visnes to set aside a decree of distribu
tion in the estate of Henri Devisnes,
who died November 27, 1896. The plain
tiff alleges that she is the widow of the
deceased, having married him in Franc©
In June of ISSO. In consequence she de
mands distribution to her of the entire
estate.
The complaint is directed against the
estate of Vlctorine Augustine Devisnes,
to whom the estate of the deceased was
bequeathed. It is averred that Mrs. Vic
torine Devisnes was formerly Vlctorinfe
Augustine Estennvin. and that she wed
ded Devisnes under that name while he
was on his dfathbed, well knowing that
the dying man had a wife living. The
plaintiff holds that she is entitled to the
estate, which is valued at $2175, and asks
judgment accordingly.
Nicaraguan Canal Congress.
Since the proposition to hold a Nicara
guan canal congress was llrst suggested
the greatest of Interest has been mani
fest by people from all parts of the coun
try. This congress is to be held in Chi
cago on November 15. 16 and 17. Its pur
pose Is to secure favorable legislation for
the big waterway between the two oceans
and for its construction, operation and
control by the United States. The call
for this meeting was made by a combina
tion of the Chicago and San £>iego Cham
bers of Commerce and the American
Nicaraguan Canal Association. Invita
tions were sent to the President of tue
I nlted States, and State, county and mu
nicipal officers, and to the presidents of
all commercial bodies, to send representa
tives. None of these bodies have been
more interested in the project than the
local Chamber of Commerce. Now comes
Santa Barbara, one of Its influential citi
zens writing to Secretary Scott that tne
people of that county are becoming In
terested and desire to be represented in
the coming meeting in Chicago
Anybody sick at home? Order some ports,
Tokay or Angelica. Big crowds for our lovely
wlnee, 6c. Mohns & Kaltenbach. 29 Market st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1898.
THE FRAWLEYS
IN COSTUME
Miss Bates Scores in "An
Enemy to the King."
THE O'NEIL'S PARTHENIA
"ROMEO AND JULIET" GIVEN
AGAIN AT THE TIVOLI.
Alcazar's "In Mizzoura" — Morosco's
"Trilby"— Orpheum ana Al
liambva Variety — Con
tinuation of "Jones."
Mr. Frawley and his company dared the
superstitions last night by moving over
the way to the Baldwin. Superstition, or,
rather, the superstitious defiance of ordin
ary superstition, has had a lot to do wka
the success of this company— at least so
the press agent would have us believe.
When the Frawleys first came to San
Francisco and opened at the Columbia
the press agent had worlds of fun and ad
vertising out of Mr. Frawley's dare-devil
fondness for the number "thirteen." On
the opening night there were thirteen ac
tors in the cast, thirteen lights in the lod
by, thirteen precious stones In Mr. Fried
lander's shirt toilet, and who remem
bers what other mystic combinations!
And the season began promptly on the
thirteenth of the month. Mr. Frawley, I
have, read somewhere, didn't want to
change his theater this time, but the Co
lumbia bookings were full, and the Fraw
leys were needed to make out the Baldwin
season, so he was "Induced," and Miss
Blanche Bates, the flower of the old band,
was borrowed from Augustin Daly to help
along the occasion. And as many of the
old superstitions as possible were put in
force too. In fact, the fhirteens were
doubled on, and last night saw twenty
six actors in the cast and an opening on
the twenty-sixth of the month.
The piece was "An Enemy to the King,"
a costumed romance by R. N. Stephens, ,'
that was made successful in New York !
by E. H. Sothern's work in the leading
! part. You have read before now of Mr.
Frawley's loss of a loading man. It was
owing to that disaster that he appeared
last night in the role made famous by I
Mr. Sothern. Any one that has studied
Mr. Sothern and Mr. Frawley will admit
that their methods and personalities are
| somewhat different. To me it is even
I strange that they should have an occu
pation in common. But Mr. Frawley
will act; and last nigfrt as Ernanton de
Launay, the Hugeonot •hero of Mr. Ste
phen's romance, he acted for his life, one
might say. Mr. Frawley's acting is of
known color and quality, and it never
changes. In a certain line of comically
stiffened parts, like say the fcstina lente
officer in "The Senator," he is as much j
as admirable and delightfully funny. In \
parts of heroic character he is perhaps j
Just as funny but not so admirable. So
there is no need to describe his effort of j
last night. He was Mr. Frawley— that
and nothing else in the world.
But for all Mr. Frawley's unconvlction
as a serious character there is something
in the man himself that is earnest and
good-natured and makes friends in the
audience; and this quality, whatever it
may be, helped him better than ever last
night. He was recalled at the close of
the excellent third act, and made an hon
est little speech, straight from the heart,
in which he said that short of the small
pox the Frawley Company had suffered
every epidemic in nature this season;
that it was due more to some belated
i and inexplicable piece of luck than to
| good management that we found its rem
j nants here at all, that he had taken this
I his first costume part in an emergency
and at the last moment, that he hardly
i knew the lines, and feared he wronged
| the author, but that he thanked us and
i hoped to do better later in the week.
It was a genuine little talk, and cheered
us all up an<l covered a multitude of
artistic sins.
The entfre company seemed more, or less
nervous, but nevertheless the play was
given a successful trying out and the
j prospect is a performance with several
i examples of good acting within a night or
I two. Already Miss Bates has mastered
i her part of Julie de Vernon. It is not
i the best she has ever done, but it is fine.
| distinguished work, never overdrawn and
i always warm and fragrant with woman
liness. She was cheered and flowered at
the end of the first act until the real
I tears were in her eyes. She came down
!to the lights and said: "All I can say
I Is that 1 thank you from the bottom of
1 my heart for this kind welcome horne —
. for It is home, although it isn't the Col
umbia Theater." And everybody was sin
' cerely glad to have her back again. It is
I no longer mere provincial pride to reckon
j Blanche Bates among the foremost ac
1 tresses of America.
Sam Edwards as the serio-comic hench
! man of the Huguenot hero was consplcu
i ous among the others of the cast that
i did well; Mr. Roberts was proud and
, splendid as the Catholic Governor; Joseph
i P. Keeefe celebrated hie first appearance
with the company by a very plausible
i soldier of fortune, and G. Foster Platt
| was fairly the same in a similar part.
' Miss Georgia Wells hadn't very much to
i do as the innkeeper's daughter, but did it
I nicely enough. The same for Miss Elea
| nor Carey as the Innkeeper's wife.
As to the play itself it fs a costume
drama (a type not to be taken too serious-
I ly) with a really beautiful third act. It
ris no more like a comic opera than most
j of its kind; maybe not so much. It is pic
! torial to a degree, not riotously florid in
; the speeches, and not overloaded with
"situations." In motive it is the same as
\ "I'nder the Red Robe"— only this time it
lis a woman, not a man, whose "honor
j rooted in dishonor stood." The life of
' Julie's father is at stake for having
sheltered Huguenots, and the price she
■ must pay to save it Is to decoy a young
! Huguenot captain into the hands of his
i enemies. He saves her from Insult in the
i first act, and tries vigorously to give up
his life to save her again in the third. And
she does about what Gil de Berault would
ido in similar circumstances. There is a
plenty of high words and tall fighting and
considerable pictorial charm; and. as I said
[ earlier, the third act is beautiful. In It
sentiment and heroics are skillfully
blended, and the action is lithe and tell
ing. This is the sun-dial act that you see
Pictured on the posters, and it deserves its
ume. The scenery Is well-meant and
i lively to look at, and the Frawleys quite
: credible In their sixteenth-century
i clothes. ASHTON STEVENS.
Columbia.
The week began at the Columbia with the
I Greek love idyl "Ingomar, the Barbarian."
I ami Nance O'Neill In a decollete Del Sarte
j role with Edwin Forrest trimmings. Although
i suffering from hoarseness Miss O'Neill acted
| the trying part In a manner which gained for
I her the sympathy of her audience. The Greek
! dress gave her ample opportunity to display a
! line pair of arms and a bust fair enough to
! satisfy a sculptor, while her lines calling for
i tenderness and maidenly devotion were spoken
! for the most part In the fair-weather way
| called for by the spirit of the play. Here, It
must be said. Miss O'Neill was at her best.
I the fault of overdoing so conspicuous In her
acting In other plays being absent In this. At
times there was a little staglness In the effect,
a touch of elocution on stilts, but those times
were not fre<juent enough to mar the effect
of an otherwise good performance.
Herbert Carr made a stalwart enough Ingo
mar and delivered the rounded periods and
faultless rhetoric of the barbarian with a fine
voice, a splendid pair of legs and a magnificent
physique aiding In establishing him as a fa
vorite with more ladies than Parthenia. L.
W'r>od as Father Myron was funny In his ear
nestness and Mr. Weaver as Polvdor was re
pulsive enough in action and make-up to suit
the most exacting of gallery gods, or Greek
gods for the matter of that. "Ingomar" will
be repeated this evening, to-morrow evening
and at the Saturday matinee.
The Alcazar:
"In Mlxzoura" opened at the Alcazar Theater
last evei.iig for the first time in this city a*
po|)ulnr prices. It was a success In every par
ticular, staging, cast and execution. The
scenery was from the brush of Edward Will
iams and was so true to life, Missouri life
that even the old split rail fence appears to ex
tend for a mile up the turnpike road. Those
nho have seen "In Mlizoura" will remember
the plot, of how the old blacksmith's pretty
Bemlnary educated daughter falls in love with
a polished train robber and casts aside the
love of a rough but true friend, the County
Bheriff, who. through his regard for the girl,
allows the fellow to escape, only to meet his
death In another county. The. part of the old
blacksmith, Joe Vernon, was taken by George
Osbourne, who showed that he comprehended
the finer parts of his work. Gretchen Lyons
made a very pretty Kate Vernon and though
taking a leading part, she was obliged to share
the honors with her "Sister 'Lizabeth" Ver
non, Joe's youngest daughter, 'inls difficult
part was assumed by Miss Maybell Bowman,
a girl scarce! j- 15 years of age.
Seven years ago the child made her debut
on the Alcazar stage in some small part. Last
evening she received an ovation that many
an older actress would have highly appre
ciated. At the end of the first act, after a
wreath of beautiful floral offerings had been
presented to her, the audience called loudly
time and again for the little miss and would
not be satisfied until she appeared before them
"all by her lonely." The requirements of her
part make it necessary that the actress should
be green, raw, awkward— in fact, a typical lit
tle Piker. Mlsa Bowman was all of these. She
is a whole show in herself in this class of
work.
Ernest Hastings, as "Jim" Radburn, the
Sheriff, was well appreciated. He understands
and acts the part well. Clarence Montaine
as Dave, the blacksmith's helper, made much
laughter by his awkwardness and comical ap
pearance. Howard Scott made a good rascal
in the person of Robert Travers. Miss Marie
Howe as Joe's wife delineates the character
as though she had been born and "riz" in
Missouri. The others were acceptable.
The Orpheum.
The Orpheum'B new bill is fully up to the
standard. Of the four new acts there is not a
weak one in the lot. The clever little comedy
"The Man Up Btairs" was presented by Mr.
and Mrs. R. J. Dustan, and all the parts were
ably handled. As the Irish servant girl Miss
Maggie Weston was exceedingly funny. In fact
her Irishisms and mishaps tended to divert
attention from the more delicate comedy work
of Mr. and Mrs. Dustln, who In their way may
be classed among the best that have appeared
on the Orpheum stage. Lew Hawkins was a
favorite from the start. He returns with a lot
of new material which he delivers in catching
style
The Anglo-American quartet in a military
sketch entitled "In Camp" introduce some
gongs that are well received. Sankey Brothers
class as Al acrobats. They perform all their
work with an ease and finish that gives them
place among the very best. Their balancing
is particularly clever. Louis Cazeau In some
new feats of magic. Mile. Franko the vtolln
lste. Bessie Bonehlll, the two Paolis and dog
and the blogranh with new views round out
one of the Orpheum'B best bills.
Grand Opera- House,
"Trilby" as presented at the Grand Opera
house last night could not be called a success.
The stock company, although reinforced, did
not rise equal to the occasion, with the excep
tion of Leslie Morosco as Zoo Zoo and Lorena
Atwood as Trilby, who gave an artistic inter
pretation of their parts. James M. Brophy
made hie reappearance in "his own conception"
of Svengali, but he cannot be congratulated on
the result as it is not by any means an im
provement upon the conceptions of Wilton
Lackaye, Theodore Roberts or Frederick
Pauldlng.
The Alhambra.
Nat M. Brigham, the American ballad tenor,
was the principal new attraction at the Al
hnmbra last night. He has a clear resonant
voice, and enunciates well, but there is not
much expression in his singing. He took well
with the audience, and was encore.l three times.
Mr. and Mrs. Sydney iJrew in "Diana on the
Chase" made the hit of the evening. The
Austin sisters in their aerial acts were partic
ularly good, and Corlnne as usual captured
everybody hy her singing and playing on the
mandolin. The Alhambra has a good pro
gramme this week.
The Tivoll.
Gounod's lyrical masterpiece attracted a good
audience to the Tivoll last night. It seems to
me that there Is hardly another opera In which
the. character and the sentimentality of the
composer Is better reflected. Gounod's mar
velously composed music stands upon a pure
and platonic plane. Like Chopin, Grieg. Wajr
ner and perhaps Salnt-Saens, he sets his Indi
vidual seal upon his work in a way that can
scarcely be. mistaken. But Gounod, as an ex
ponent of pure music, untlnged— l will not say
tainted — by mundane considerations, seemed to
swim aloft with the eternals, ajid to view mere
human praise or blame with the fine indiffer
ence of Olympian Jove.
The performance was given in excellent style.
It' is almost bordering on over-criticism to
point to fault at all, but if one may be hinted
at it is that the conception of Signor Zerni is
entirely in the one key of indifference. How
ever, his rendering of the beautiful duo won
him well deserved applause. Miss Lichter is
a sweet Juliet. She shows " this charming
flower of girlhood as It ought to be shown, and
she certainly has studied this congenial role
with dauntless zeal. Nothing more Impressive
has ever been shown at the Tlvoll than the fa
mous balcony scene. Miss Llchter • has ; very
mobile features. This Is. the perfection of real
art, where it is not always the voice alone and
where acting has its due weight and Its proper
share. - Her -attitudes -suggest thought and In
the Intensity .of their, conviction the eyes
Inferred an : atmosphere which by no great
stretch of the Imagination recalled the aureole
of the painter. 1 '
The breezy Mr. Pruette helped very much
to make this opera a success. Would ■• that
space permitted me to give a more detailed ac
count of each artist's talented performance,
but I will not fall to praise the splendid work
of the chorus. "Romeo and Juliet" was cer
tainly a success. _21 G. H. MORRE.
Chutes Theater.
Pletro Marino, who graduated at the Brussels
Conservatory of Music last year, and who was
Tsaye's pride and favorite pupil, played at the
Chutes Free Theater last evening and scored a
hit. After popular and classical selections he
gave the intermezzo from "Cavalleria Rusti
cana," and was even then compelled to respond
to another encore. The rest of the bill is un
usually good.
Olympia.
At the Olympia Music Hall last night Lillian
Monteray, a descriptive singer, received several
recalls and Nadine Allen, the chic soubrette,
made a great hit. Kelly and Vlolette can be
classed as among the best. Madeline, the con
tortion dancer, Martin's dogs and some five or
six other acts round out a good variety bill.
Lely's Song Recital.
An artistic and unique pong recital was given
in Sherman &• Clay Hull last night by Durward
Lely. who used to be Pattl's tenor. Mr. Lely's
selections ranged from Schubert to Sullivan,
and he snng all the songs with charming dis
cretion and taste, bringing out the full strength
of the text as well as the mußic. Mrs. Lely
accompanied and played a Beethoven sonata
and a Schubert Impromptu. A second recital
will be given to-night. and another on Saturday
night in the Fame hall.
New Comedy.
Harry Corson Clarke and his bright little
company will continue all of this week at the
New Comedy Theater in "What Happened to
Jones." There will be a special profession!! !
matinee Wednesday and a souvenir matinee
Saturday. At the latter Mr. Clarke will hold
a reception on the stage and present to every
lady present a real fan. Miss Lillian Young
will appear Thursday night In the curtain
raiser, "One Touch of Nature," alternating
the balance of the week 'with Miss Olive Snider.
BOTTLEMEIR'S CONCERT HALL, reopened
with the Union Ladles' Orchestra. 513 Pacific st.
OUT FOB A LARK.
Jennie Wallace Arrested for Mas-
querading in a Soldier's Uniform.
Jennie Wallace, a handsome young
woman, was arrested by Officer Sylvester
at an early hour yesterday morning while
entering 211 O'Farrell street, for masquer
ading in male attire.
Jennie Is a friend of some of the Ten
nessee soldiers, and several of them
called on her Sunday night. For a lark
she was Induced to don the uniform' of
Private E. M. Higgins of Company A,
and, accompanied by three soldiers, she
went to a restaurant on Eddy street to
have supper, Hlggins being left behind,
as he did not care to rig himself out in
Jennie's clothes.
They were returning from supper when
Sylvester thought there was something
unusual in Jennie's carriage for a man,
and as they were entering the house he
stopped them and Jennie admitted her
sex. She was at once placed under ar
rest.
Friends brought her clothes to the pris
on yesterday morning and Hlggins' uni
form was placed in charge of the prop
erty clerk. When the case was called In
Judge Low's court Higgins' predicament
was explained to the Judge, and he made
an order on the property clerk for the
delivery of the uniform to Hlggins' com
panions, and continued the hearing of the
charge against Jennie until this morn
ing.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
L Kau<ser, NT H W Gorham, Nev
J Fennell. Napa Mrs .T P .Tones, Nev
R A Lewis, Phoenix Miss M Jones, Nev
A \V More, Tesla Miss G Jones, Nev
A J Huston. Cleveld X M Cole. Nev
H C 'Woodrufr, Mich C Breyfogle & w. 111
A F Fletcher, Toledo Mrs Kohl, S Mateo
H Dodge. Palo Alto 1 Miss Kohl. S Mateo
A Levlnsky, Stockton I ? F James, Memphis
W E Hallowel, NT H C Perkins. P Monte
H Wllfion. Virginia Mrs Perkins, D Monte
C Schmidt, N T Miss Perkins. D Monte
W" W Van Andaleraf Ruth Perkins. D Monte
& w Slssons Mrs Talbot, D Monte
A E Race, NT T Hopkins, Menlo
X Abraham, N T I Mrs Hopkins, Menlo
W M Stewart, Carson I C S Jones. Phila
R J Lewis & w, Nev Mrs McLaughlln. Cal
L F Slocum, Chicago Miss MeL&ughlln, Cal
L F Sellgman, NT J Williams, Stanford
5V R Green Denver O Coblens, N T
R E Jack 8 L Oblspol
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A L Prather, S Cruz Mrs H Knawlton, Cal
O V Esteß, NY E Mainvllte. W Walla
S S Ballard, Boston J Jieha. Healdsburg
Miss Guilberger, Va R Smith & w. Bolinas
Misß Mason, NY M Callahan, Stockton
S Percival N V \V O'Malley, Fresno
S Percival, NY B Webster, Sacto
F G Anthony, S Jose T Murray, Modesto
Mrs Anthony, S Jose P F Jordan, L Ang
Miss Howard. Will !J Roberts, Viealla
W J Kucheler, Stcktn
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C E Phipps, Sacto L La Verne, N V
Mrs H B Fisher, Mich S Morris & w, Ohio
J R Beny, Presidio J G Swinnerton, Cal
J Monroe, Angel Islnd F N Vardere, Auburn
F H Johnson, Benicia G G Coles, Cotati
H N Nelson, Stockton H P Hartt, Arctic O
W R Hall, Presidio N B Spauldlng, N V
G A Rittlng. U S V AD Jones, Gait
H W Patton, L Ang D J Medbury. N V
C H Klmbel. N V W W Williams. Conn
A Ka'man, Ohio F A Lyon, Sacto
J C Cerf, Chicago
GRAND HOTEL,
a E Campbell, Woodld I L Small, Tehama
.V A McGulre & w. Cal 3 McCullough & w. Cal
f A Cunningham, Sacto D B Bone, Yolo
R Wise. Auburn L, Conrath, Smartsvllle
r McGilvey & w, Colo jL F Breuner. Sacto
VI McGilvey, Colo i? W Stansfleld, S Cruz
Z G Bessitt, Nashville Urs F Fogler. Cal
Mrs J S Orr, Mass !r M Robertson, Cal
Mrs A B Lowell, Mass 2 M Taylor, Columbua
3 Brunner & w, Angels r Kerr, Cal
W B Thomas, Stockton V E Dooley, Portland
T C Davis, Ft Bragg 3 C Stark Jr, Portland
B Olvovich, Sn Lorenz Mrs J Breuner, Sacto-''
f P Floberg, Sacto ;3 Brokos & w, Cal
VI J Pellascio, Cal jB Hammon. Los Ang
a N Head, Sacto E W Tenbrook, Sacto
Dr W Caesar, Cal f G McLean & w, Cal
r P Laborrque, Hollstrpapt W H Gray, Mercd
\ C Dorsey, Fresno iR P Troy, San Rafael
r Ptnicke, Cal 3 P Clark, WatsonviPe
s\" E Fish & w. Ventra![ Bird, Merred
B F Fish, Ventura R M StrauFs, Arizona
r M Williams & w, Cali; F Gray, Arizona
R W Bulla. Los Ang ! fudge Kelsey, Arizona
Vllss S Williams, Yreka'r Kelsey, Arizona
P J McGarrj'. Los Ang 3 O Brown, Arizona
A. H Hart, New York F Cutting, Stockton
r A Molntire, Sacto O Rubel &w, Marj'avll
f H Landrlth. Oakland'
PAIN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nteht tn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montsomery street
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
887 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
til McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2J26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., A
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _^_
ING, September 27, at 7:30 o'clock. M. jS^jST
M. degree.- By order of the H. P. /V\
■ FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and m~
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- _/V-
DAY) EVENING, September 27, at 7:30 TKjf
o'clock. d. 3. r\r\
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M., m
121 Eddy st., meets THIS EVENING, Jk
7:30 o'clock. 3 d. . jtjt
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary. /Nr>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. M. m
—Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) J%
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. VV
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. A^rN
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29, I. O. O.
F., initiates six candidates THIS •4»?^*sa
(TUESDAY) EVENING. Brethren -3gt< ■*SST
of lodge and order please attend. > w/tlv' w
S. J. MITCHELL, N. G.
SAMUEL POLACK, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 204, I. >^m^ :
O. O. F. — Officers .Tn.l members,
you are requested to attend the
meeting of our lodge on TUES- -^//n*^*
DAY EVENING, September 27. The Grand
Master will pay us a fraternal visit on that
evening. There will also be an initiation,
entertainment and refreshments.
_- L. C. MBRSHON. N. G.
A. O. H., Division No. 1, B. of E.- a^««h.
A meeting of the above division will TOT
be held at their hall. 1159 Mission Ft., W\\f
TUESDAY EVENING, September 27, \*\vJJfi
to complete arraiiKeirient.« for pSrnie'3-ÜBr
October 9. Fines for non-attendance.
J. McCUR^Y. Pres.
CHARLES SHIXKWIN. Secretary.
MARINE Engineers' Association No. 35— TUES-
DAY EVENING. September 27, nominations
: of officers for ensuing year 1899 will be made
J. E. O'BRIEN, President.
J. J. SEAREY. Secretary. . ■ ■■ ■ ■ ■ •
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whltened,~slTiip~;
done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d at.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room 6: tel. 5580.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany, 327 Market St., San Francisco— Dividend
No. 85 (fifty cents per share) will be payable
at the office of the company, 327 Market st.,
on and after Saturday, October 1, IS9B. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, September
24, 1898, at 12 o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary-
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
2 YOUNG girls desire situations In the same
house or in same town in country as nurse
and second girl; best references; city or coun-
try. MIPS CTJLLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LADIES looking for first-class help of all na-
tionalities, please call or send your address to
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young Swedish girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; ref. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation in a Jew-
ifh family; 5 years last place. MISS CUli-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook
and houseworker, $12 to $15; references. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
SWEDISH house girl, strong and willing, $15
to $20; best references. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS second girl wishes situation: 4
years' references. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st.
FIRT-CLASS laundress (Swedish)- wishes situa-
tion; 3 years' references. MRS. NORTON,
Swedish and German Employment Bureau,
313 Sutter st. .
LADIES'. For a first-class Berrant we can
readily supply you with such if you will call
at our office. If not convenient telephone,
we will send to you. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Scotch house girl. $25, wants
position. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary
st. Phone Grant ISS.
NURSE girl, best city references, wants posi-
tion. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary
st. Phone Grant ISS.
RESPECTABLE girl wants light housework in
small family; no objection to short distance
In country- Please call 1042 Bryant st. ; no
postals. .
GIRL with 3 years' experience wishes, work
with dressmaker. Address Dressmaker, Berke-
ley P. . O.
NEAT SWEDISH girl wishes a situation to do
general housework and plain cooking. Address
or call 325 Minna st.
SWEDISH girl wishes a situation, general
housework and cooking. HOOVi Stevenson st.
STRONG Scandinavian girl would like work
by the day., washing and .house-cleaning. Ad-
dress 1331 Fulton st.
GOOD girl wishes a position to do general
■ houpewnrk or cooking; best of city reference;
wages $2.'.. 136 Lexington aye., between Eigh-
teenth and Nineteenth ats.
GERMAN girl, first-class chambermaid, wishes
a situation In private family; wages $25.
Please call 1241 Franklin «t., near Geary.
COMPETENT lady's nurse wishes a few more
engagements; terms reasonable. 22-7 Sixth st.
TWO Swedish women wish positions, light
housework and general housework; references.
16 Midway st., off Francisco, between Dupont
and Stockton.
WOMAN wishes situation In private family;
thoroughly understands cooking and house-
work: will also do plain washing; good refer-
ence; wages $10. 924 Washington st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation in city
or country- Call 1103 Powell st. ; best refer-
ences.
YOUNG German girl wishes to do light house-
work and help in care of children. Address
box 795, Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes position; rood cook.
ISfSB Dupont st.
2 LADIES want second work in hotel, lodging-
house or gentleman's home; references if re-
quired. MRS. M. G. GRANT, 416 O'Farrell.
SITUATION, adult family, by American girl
attending business college, to do light house-
work for board. Address box 937, Call office.
COMPETENT woman would like to do house-
work; references; no postals. 2413 Folsom st.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do cooking in small
boardlng-hoiwe or do general housework. 1135
Florida st.
SWEDISH girl wishes position at general
housework or second work; wages $25. Call
at 1503 Golden Gate aye.
RESPECTABLE German girl wishes a sttus^
tlon to do downstairs work or general house-
work; Is a good cook and laundress. Apply 24
Hampton place.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued-^
REFlNED~young~American woman wishes sit-
7 uation as cook or general housework; cuy,
Oakland, Alameda or Sausalito; wages uo.
422 McAllister St. '
WANTED— Position as housekeeper In widow-
er's family by a lady with a child; good homo
. more of an object than wages: references
given and required. Apply, 1772 Howard st.
YOUNG lady with experience as bookkeeper
and stenographer seeks ■position: educated
and industrious; salary $5 per week; refer-
ences. ■ Box 688, Call. -
GIRL would like a nice place In a small family
to do good plain cooking and housework; city
or country. Apply or address 545 Linden aye.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman, first-
class seamstress, speaks Spanish, wishes sit-
uation at taking care of a, child a«d do sew-
ing; no objection to country. MRS. 0.. North
Temescal. Alameda Co., Cal. ■
EMBROIDERY done and lessons given in em-
broidery by a Spanish lady; Spanish work a
specialty. 4 Taylor • terrace, off Taylor st.,
between Union and Filbert.
WANTED— By young lady vocalist, room and
board In exchange for voice or piano lessons;
references. Box 658, Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one -"ear for $1 50, postage
paid.
• SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
COMPETENT German man and wife ' desire
situation on a ranch; capable of doing any
kind of work. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter »t.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class Scandi-
navian coachman with reference. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
PARTIES wanting to employ help of any kind
will do well to call on J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
Employment Agents, 628 Sacramento st.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
"best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
SITUATION wanted as coachman and gardener
by an Englishman; single; good reterences.
Box 935. Call office.
WANTED— By 2 sober and Industrious waiters,
positions In city; we are just what we repre-
sent ourselves. G. McKAY, 843 Mission et.
VERY trustworthy middle-aged man wants po-
sition as night watchman; best city refer-
1 ences; wages no object, only steady employ-
ment. Address box 695, Call office.
YOUNG German- American man, willing to do
any kind \>t light work in or outside; best
reference given. Box 697, Call office.
YOUNG German-American with small capital
wishes to act as partner in some kind of
business; experienced in giving baths, nurs-
ing and massage. Box 698, Call office.
MAN and wife to work on ranch or mine as
cooks; thoroughly competent to run ranch
and cook for 12 or 14 men. Box 1148. Call. •
YOUNG man,. 28, rieat appearance, first-class
education, apeaklne fluently and writing Ger-
man Spanish and English, 5 years' experience
as shipping clerk and in general office work
in South America, wants position in some
business house. Box 800. Call office.
WANTED— Work in private family; can do all
kinds work; gardening, horses, cows; willing,
obliging; city or country- Address J. M. J.,
631 Sacramento st.
POSITION wanted of any kind by young man
of 20 who speaks fluently and writes German,
French and English; first-class education and
good appearance; hotel, restaurant or busi-
ness preferred. Box 799, Call office.
COACHMAN wants situation.; understands the
proper ' care of fine horses, carriages; good
driver and generally useful; 8 years' best ref-
erence. Address Coachman, 1217 California St.
WANTED— Position by first-class cutter; large
experience; will bring good customers with
him; only first-class position desired; best
references. Address box 1129, Call office.
WANTED — By a boy 15 years old, position in
factory or on a ranch. Apply MISS CUL-"
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOTEL man, 26 years' practical experience in
hotel and restaurant catering, competent
steward or head waiter, open for engagement;
10 years' residence in California; local and
Eastern references. Address Steward, box 12,
Call office, Oakland.
CHINESE first-class cook arid washer, wishes
situation; city or country: good references.
713 Pacific St.; telephone Main 1788.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man to
take care* of horses and garden; handy with
carpenters' tools; low wages; best references.
W. 8., box 662, Call office.
YOUNG '-, man, strictly sober, Al references,
worked 8 years same place, would like posi-
tion to learn the firing and 'care of steam
boilers or: clerk In hardware store. Box 897.
Call office.
PLUMBER, first-class, will work by the day
: or month for property-owner or estate; < has
all necessary shop tools. Address Plumber,
box 885, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $8
week; convenient, and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
COOK, $30, 2 In family. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
NURSE, $25: waitress, $25; chambermaid and
waitress, $20; cook, boarding house, $25, city;
15 housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$25; 6 young girls, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
HOUSEGIRL, Sausalito, 3 In family, $25. see
party here: housegirl. Oakland, $22 50. MRS
NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
LAUNDRESS, $25: second girl, $20; nurse. $20;
nurseglrl, $12; cook. $30; boarding house cook,
Oakland, $30; hotel cook, $30. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl, no cooking, $12; young houseglrl,
light work,- $15; middle-aged woman, country,
$20: middle-aged woman, city, $15; S house-
girls, $20 to $25; 6 young girls to assist, $10.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st. ■ "
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St., want to-
day: 6 waitresses for country. $20; 2 wait-
resses, city, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20;
hotel cook, $45
Family cook, $25: German cook, $30; 10 girls
for : housework, $20; 20 girls for housework,
*12, $15 to $20; nurse for ♦■"•<> children, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOTEL cook, $50; French or German cook, $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GERMAN. Scandinavian or American . woman
to do general work, small lodging house near
city, $20: neat 'girl for housework, small
American family, country. $15, fare paid; wo-
man for housework, Contra Costa Co., $15.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. '
LARGE number of girls for all kinds of work
In city and country at . going wages too
numerous to advertise. J. F. OROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Young lady bookkeeper; state ex-
perience and salary expected. Box 936, Call.
WANTED— German girl; general housework.
933 Halght St., bet. Devlsadero and Broderlck.
WANTED— Experienced hairdresser. Apply 104
Stockton st. . .
2 YOUNG girls, good sewers, wanted at dress-
making. Room 55, .6 Eddy st.
4 NEAT women waiters for our dining room-
hours, 10 a. m. to 3 p. m. ' Call Tuesday at 8
a. m.. Smiths' Cash Store. 27 Market st. .
OPERATORS on shirts; experienced only
steady work; good pay. BRENNER-ULMAN
CO., 19 Battery st. ->
BUTTON hole operators ; experienced only
steady work; good pay. BRENNER-ULMAN
CO., 19 Battery st.
YOUNG girl, general housework; small family
wages $12. 171T Buchanan st. '
WANTED— Between 1 and 4 p. m.. 12 women of
' good appearance. Rooms 79 and 80, Bt. Anne's
building.
YOUNG girl to help wait at table. 136 Sec-
ond St.". ';'
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher. 8 Grant aye
upstairs. . "
TAILORS wanted on pants. 18 Third st. rooms
1 and 2.
WOMAN as dishwasher. 200 Turk St., restau-
■ rant.
' GIRL for general housework; small flat; 3
adults. 2030 Pierce st.. bet. 11 and 12.
WAITRESS at 552 Sixth st.
RESPECTABLE young German girl to assist
In housework. . Call after. 9. • 616 Lombard.
■ T Sl?i'?? rlsr Is to T« rk i n museum; no experience.
Call between 10 and 12, 810 Kearny.' \
GERMAN or Swedish girl for cooking and gen-
eral housework; $25. Apply 1815 Laguna it.
ww s A NTED-A oman for housework. .9 Clay
W s^ T 3^wen^^h W """ h°UBeWorh ° U8eW0rk '
GIRL fOr ; houseworic. ■ American family, no
washing, plain cooking. ■ $20. m. Larkin st. ;.;
WANTED-Glrl from 14 to 18 for light i house-
work ; good home ; small family: - 716 ; Frank-
HEL. WANTED— Contlnncd.
YOUNG girl to do housework; call to-day. 803 $
California st. -
WANTED— A girl to help In ! kitchen. $8 per
month. Call at 324 Larkln st. -.*
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking;
small family. Call 9 to 12 a. m.. 1810 Laguna.
WANTED— An experienced lady pianist for
dancing academy. IRVINE'S, 421 Post st.
WANTED— girl of 15 years for light
housework and care of children. 918 Sanchez
st., near Twenty-second.
WANTED— require yet a few operators In
our white and flannel. shirt department; also
have a few machines for inexperienced de-
sirous of learning. STANDARD SHIRT
FACTORY. Gough and Grove sts.
WOMEN and girls; steady work on fruit and
canning. Californian Canneries Co.. Ltd..
Brannan St.. between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— IO or 12 ladies to go on stage in
baUet marches: experience not necessary.
Apply Empire Theater. 21 Ellis St.. any even-
ing between 6:30 and 7:30. . _
GIRL for general housework. 309 Polk st.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good positions;
patterns 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
WANTED— on flannel overshlrt»'. a
few inexperienced hands taken and taugbt.
LEVI STRAUSS ft CO.. 36V4 Fremont st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: P°»lt|oa*
free: pattern*. 25e 'in Mf nnwHl_«__VM_t_T2l^
HELP WANTED— MALE.
BUTLER, $40. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
READ what MURRAY & READY, the leading
employment and labor agents, want to-day.
TO the great- ...Sawmills and woods
Half fare paid
laborers; no experience required
$26 and found
..MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
85 FARM hands wanted "••••»•••
For different places. $26, $25, $20 and $15 and
found; 6 .choremen for ranches, $20 and $15; i
chore^.±::::::MURRAY"&READY;-"-
■ '""."''. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WORK in San Francisco :•■:■■■
5 2-horse teamsters *l « uay
3 2-horse teamsters. • *' i? 2 ay
2 4-htirse teamsters *1 7a day
3 night 2-horse teamsters $1 ■•> day
16 pick and shovel laborers $1 ■» nay
7 men to shovel, etc *1 75 day
3 laborers board yourselves h0me....5l 7.. day
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
WOODCHOPPERS. . . : Tie makers
93 men for different places $1 50 to $1 cord
39 tie makers Be, 9c, 10c and lie each
50 men to make posts 4 feet long. ".
MURRAY & READY, .634 and 636 Clay st.
10 LABORERS wanted for Oakland. $1 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
TO the. G01d..., Mines
10 laborers, no experience required, $2 day;
• exceptional good Job.
MURRAY &■ READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO the Gold and Copper Mine 3
. 35 laborers .' No experience required
To work around the works of a great mine;
wages from $2 50 day; steady work year
round; no lost time
MURRAY & READY,
'....; ....634 and 636 Clay st.
MISCELLANEOUS PLACES
Man to pull stumps $20 and found
Pxuner, -see boss here .....".
Lather, $1 per 1000
2 boys to learn trades, city ,
2 men to take contract to dig well
Carpenter for a ranch, plain work
' Machinist, country shop
Boy to nail up boxes-, city factory —$5 week
Sausage maker $13 50 week
MURRAY & RKADY,
 634 and 636 Clay st.
5 STONEMASONS .' -...$4 20 day
Laborer to help load rock .'.s2 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE ■■ Fare . : Free
36 drillers, railroad work $2 50 day
25 muckers, railroad work $1 75 day
25 drillers' helpers, railroad work.... *2 25 day
25 pickers for tunnel, railroad. work..sl 75 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
SHIPPING »to the Great Railroad
North Free . fare
25 2-horse teamsters $1 75 day
25 common laborers... : $1 75 day
MURRAY A itEADV, G. 14 and 636 Clay. at.
FREE...... Fare Free
55 2-horse teamsters..: $1 70 day
■ 32 4-horse teamsters $1 85 day
C 5 laborers $1 «0 day
43 teamsters ...$25 and found
.' -. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
LOOK Walters Look
4 Walters, country hotels. $30 and found
5 waiters, city and country hotels
$25 and found
6 waiters, city and 1 couritry places
$20 and found
Walter and cook short orders.. $7 w.^k
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
DISHWASHERS. .' We want
Vegetable man : $25 and found
12 dishwashers $20 and $15 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS Wanted To-day
9 cooks for hotels and restaurants, J.'.*,, $4.', and
$30 and found; 3 ranch cooks, $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TYPEWRITER, with own machine. $2<i and
found: country. MURRAY & READY. 634
| and 636 Clay st.
FOR THE FRONT Coast road
A gang of teamsters Free fare.
Laborers for the Valley and mountain roads
Regular Wl|ll
Teamsters, 2-horse scrapers, $25 and board.
10 tunnel men, $2 and $2 50 a day; long Job.
2 dry stonemasons, railroad work
10 quarry laborers (marble); long Job; $2 a
day
All free or reduced fares. Ship dally.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Oeary st.
I 10 LABORERS for a mine, no experience re-
quired; steady work: wages $160 to $2 50 a
day
2- ranch teamsters, $26 and board; 2 farmers,
$20, see boss here; 3 Scandinavian farmers.
$20; choreman, $15; farmer, handy with tools,
$25; stablemen. $20 and $15; 2 road makers.
$150 a day: 2 timber fellers, $35 and board; -
barker. $1 75 a day.'. ■
10 laborers, city. $1 75 .a day
Cabinet maker, $2 a day; and others. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, mining boarding house, $40;*
waiter for a mine. $25; third cook, $35: waiter.
$7 a week; dishwashers, potwashers ' and
others. C. R. HAN SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— boy. $5 to $6 week and
found; engineer and blacksmith, $2 U) day; 2
men and wives; 5 more gravel miners. $40
and board; laundryman, $12; Swiss milker.
$25; laborers and' teamsters, $1 day and board
and $1 75 day; bhoreman for Institution. $25;
cooks, waiters, dishwashers and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra- -
I mehto st.
2 HEAD timber fallers. $40: 2 second timber
fallers, $30; 3 plow hands, $20: 2 ranch cooks,
$20 and $15; laborers for city and country.
$1 60 and $1 75 a day: colored cook, $40;
waiter. $25: woodchoppers, good prices. R.
T. WARD & C 0.. .608 and 610 Clay st.
BOY for drug store. 501 Folsom street.
COAL miners who have worked In a pitch vein
wanted. Tesla Coal Company, room 515, 328
Montgomery st. ' _^
FIRST-CLASS gardener, middle-aged German
and married, desires position in a private
place; references first-class only. Address H.
R.. San Rafael P. O.
WANTED— men over 18 to form a mili-
tary company In this city; many advantages:
no expense. Address box 699, C»ll office.
WANTED— reliable man for dtshwas^tur.
Call between 6 and 9, 400 Pacific st. ••*">
AMATEUR musicians for social purpose. S2B
Bush St.. office No. 4. third floor. '
JOB press feeder. 506 Market street.
YOUNG man to collect; " must give security.
14 McAllister st.,- rooms 35-37.
BOYS wanted. California Bag, Tent and Awn-
■ Ing Company. 11l Clay st. . .
! WANTED— An experienced bundle wrapper; •
must come well recommended. RAPHAELS'. .
FIRST-CLASS cook; no other need apply. 31S
O'Farrell st.
. WANTED— Harness maker for hand stitching.
Trunk factory. Seventeenth and Shotwell sts. -
BOY to feed presses. 629 Washington st.
SHOEMAKER wanted. 1042 Howard st.
DRIVER for baker wagon wanted at 1218 Pow-
ell «t. ,
; WANTED— Good barber; steady work. 38 San
Pablo. aye.. Oakland. - ■
; RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy, able-bodied,
unmarried men, . between the ages of 21 and
30 years. ■ who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
. their., intention .to become : such; must be of
i , good character and habits and abir* to speak.
. read < and ■ write ' English, and be between ; 5
: feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For further
' .. Information apply, at : the . recruiting '-.fflce, 20
Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal. '
WANTED — coat ' maker; i steady ? work;
must ' be steady " man. a Address ' JOHN - BUN-
DERLAND. Reno. : Nev.HELP ANTED— Continued.
WANTED— First-class plasterers. AppfiT^at
Builders' Exchange. 40 New Montgomery st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
• * that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; liO large
rooms; Be per night; $1 to $3 per week.
TO GO TO-DAY— 3OO pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new, from 25c to $1 K2
Mission St.. between First and Second sts.
HALF-TONE photographer and general photo-
engrnver at 220 Market st.
WANTED-To CQllecl wages due laborers and
clorks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Berrtard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed for $15. 1E42 Market st.
BARBERS' Ass' h Free Employment Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec.. 825 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 138.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco .Barber College. 13SH Eighth st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'B, 604 Davis st.. near Jackson.
6INGLE. furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 250 night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; (Sc a night; $1 a week. . ■- ,--.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
6INGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE.' 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
E27 MONTGOMERY, cor Clay-=-Open . unt'.l 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The CalK Subscrip-
1 tlons and want ads taken
> AGENTS AVANTED.
JO GENTEEL and well-dressed canvassers:
country or city. Write or ail 12088 Howard.
PARTNERS \YANTi:i».
WANTED— Partner to take charge of I flower
store. Address box' 707. Call office-
FURMTURJa WANTED. •
. CASH for- fixtures, groceries, furniture, ' mer-
chandise; Bold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN. auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandlse. 1057 Market St.: tel. Jessie 32. •
AVANTED— MISCELLANEOUS. •".
. . WANTED— Thoroughbred English pug; small
breed; house trained; must have good pedi-
gree. Call .between 10 and.. 12, 5 and 8 at 1223
Geary st. . ' '
CLOTHING, b'rle-a-brac. - books, periodicals
bought. . Send for KLEIN, 109 Sixth st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus. second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
ELEVENTH, 106-Branch office of The- CalL
Subscriptions and aus taken. • •
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
•-ROOM flat near City Hall.'. i/. $160
II rooms; new furniture; only..- 450
45-room boarding-house , 600")
2*-room house: clears $200; 0n1y...: 4no
■ C*i rooms; for exchange '2500
EB-room corner: price In office... i~ .
' 18-room house on Sixth 8t...; -..'.... 800
25 rooms sunny corner -..'. 1100
15-room house; clears noo 500
21-roora house; central; clears $150.... 600'
32-room house; b..^t in the city .- 1000
12-room house; woi $XOO .■...: iiX)
50- room house; worth $SOOO 3000
IJ-room housa; on Sutter if :..;. 450
24-room house; clears. 3150...'.-. ■ 1400
20-room house; worth $1000 :... 400
60 other houses, from i to 200 rooms. All prices
I Money. to loan or any house
4 H. C. DECKER, 102fi Market St., opp. Fifth.'
A-KHEDO _ CO 22^ Geary ' et.
.V ney advanced on. all bouses
f3 ms; bay-window; corner $10C0
SS rooms; clears $100; $400 cash -... 1000
22 rooms; fine corner; new; make offer... 1700
I" rooms; clears $70 700
14 moms; all bay-windows; transient . SW
11 rooms; Gear; st ; doctor pays rent 550
9 rooms; worth $600; clears $■»■> 200
Many others for sale too numerous to mention. '
$4000^105 ROOMS; almost new; nothing betteT;
clears $3000 yearly; transients turned away i
_ ev«ry night. KREDO _ CO., tt% Geary st.
A— 4S ROOMS; north of Market St.; fine.... 51200
14 rooms; near Call buildl-^- nn«-- 525 I
22 rooms; -select: transient; c0rner....;... 1150 I
18 rooms rent '■ 4;o i
22 rooms; north Mark-t; clear"! $125....;... 1154 !
13 rooms; all new furniture ■ 575 ;
..IF. YOU WILL CALL ON U5........ i
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION,'
.r.. PRICE avj< >is.}: OF H©l7B._
F. C. HYDE & CO.- 1206 Market st: .
WINSTON _ CO.. S4( Market st. . ' ' '
;.. RELIABLE BROKERS.
13 rooms; near Baldwin.' part cash: ■ J4jO
15 rooms; Geary st.; offices-; bargain 750
22 rrx.ms; rent $35; only 275
22 rooms: rent $30: fine place..'. 'UOO
£0 rooms; must sell; offer wanted 850 ■
Money to loan at 2>-2 per cent." •
TO buy or sell' lodging-houses call on Na-
tional Exchange. 7 'Grant aye. ... •.-,-.-
s2r>o— HOUSE, 16 -rooms: well, furnished; near
Market 'Kt. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
THIRD, 223— Lodging-house', of 11 rooms for'
sale. ■•H: : ': ' '.-•-.
WANTED— At "cnc>. • tyrants for 8. -10 and 20
room houses. SPECK 'Sc -CO. CO2 Market st.
FOR SALE— IS .rooms full of Ue&dy roomers;
harcain. I:;-:i: ■r'-- 741 Howa.r>l; sf. ' - ' ■
firmti FOR sali;. .
FT'R>riTT"RE of B-i-oom house for sale; house
to let; desirable location; ■ .Western- Addi-
tion. P.ox 3155, Call offlrp. ■ ' _> _■* ■]■
■ LOST. . • . ~
BLACK and white •pnrijel. . Heturn to.G.
■■ FABSI/ 233 i Fifth) St. .Reward. . ,
LOST— Llew lyri setter ring' Friday; reward If'j
returned •H. AHLEK, 101 Eighth. ' ' •
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call .Sent to any • address ; In' the- United
Statp»'. poatnnlil. for fi "' n a'yj*ar.
~^~r. HORfBS. ' :■ .
FOR Sale— Finely bre<! Tennessee, saddle fteld-
inß. 4 y<=Brs eld. 15 hands,' styll.sh, with 'per-' 1
ffct tamper; i'leal for lady. Address LIE.U-
TKXAX'i' POLK, Frr*t -Tennessee. I'r- -i.lio.
60 HORSES' of every- description al Emporium
Bales Yards, .223 Valencia* st., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth;- also budgie*,. wagoßS,
harne s, etc. at your own price;'- come, and
make an offer. ■ .- .*•'■*
40 HOP.SKS for Bale: also wagons, bugeiea. !
tartß, l;rn-ss; Grand 'Arcade Elorsc Mar-
ket, .327 girth; auction sales every Wednes-
day SULLIVAN _ DOYLE, Auctioneers.
LARGE assortment :of work, draught and
driving horses, cheap. 145 Valencia Ft. .
• WAGONS ANO 'CARRIAGES.
HORBESHOEINO chop for rent: old stand, 30
years- rent taken out. in .hprseshoelng. Ad-
. dre_ i box 644, Ca« office. ' ■ ,
SPECIAL sale, of harness arid ' vehicles. Lle-
bold. Hftrneaa Co.. 211 Larkin, opp. City Hall-.
SEWING MACHINES. ~~~~
_»'• AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer, and White
\ cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY" rented;. repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. .145 .Sixth;- phone Mint 45.
ALL^lnds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, at lowest rates. '205 Fourth st. ■
— ' — "■ ■■ ' ■ • ' id 1 *7*
FOR SAI.i:- 'KI.L.VM-UM S. .
LARGE fire and burglar. «-roof. safe- for sale
cheap, at 42 Main Bt. ' ' •
BOILERS, engines. 2d"-hand machinery. Mc-'
INTOSH 4 WOLPMAN, If6-.1r7 Fremont st.
FINE sealskin for- $30, cost -originally $170, at
UNCLE HARRIS' 'I' Grant, aye.
BARS, back bars, mlrr-ors, Fh'. r cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office fufnltur*. «tore and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. 1 J. NOONAN. 1017-IQI9-102M023
Mission gt., above Sixth. '
• 8-HOHBIS gas engine, band buss circular saw,
shafting pulleys. Machine, ,1941'Mtssion office.
• a BAFES— New and ' second-hand; cheaper than
ever. . Herman Safe Mafc., r,33. Sacramento.
SECOND-HAND, bejtlng. .pulleys, chnftins, .'en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. .510 Mission st.
PHONOGRAPHS." $20; records. J. per dozen:
projectosoope, $100. Baclgalupl..s3B-952-Market.
J I< POOL, house' mover, dealer spcond-hartd
building material. 1124- Mission; tel. 80, 787.
BA FES— Bargains In .new and pecond-hand: all
Fixes: bnlf original coyt. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
C. E. PETERS, attorney and counseloc-at-law,
40 Montgopiery St.. room 18.
L S CLAKX— Emmn Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket": consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; nn charge unless successful. W.
A W, DA.VIDBON, 927 Market st.
PHYSICIANS.
DR.C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
12C8 Market: diseases of women- a specialty.
STORAGE.' .• . . -
(PIKRCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.. ;
office Tenth and Market; telephone South ICB. [
.?:':■/- lUSINESS CHANCES.
$1400— FINEST^ rult store in the city: big Van
Ness aye. and Nob Hill trade;- 3 wagons; 2
horses; safe; cash register; large stock and
line fixtures ;' regular trade $1000 per month;
store trade $40 per day. NATIONAL BUSI-
NESS AGENCY, 7 Grant aye. |
$450— BRANCH bakery, stationery anil variety
• store; near school; receipt* $360 month; 4
' rooms; bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant ay.
$350— LADY wants partner in good paying
grocery and bar; good chance for steady man.
National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
WE can sell your business quick ! for cash.
National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
CORNER cigar store; Third St.; good
place; bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant ay.
$450— FINE corner saloon;" clears $7."> .month;
bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$250-wPARTNER wanted; corner saloon; clears
$50 month each. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$600— RESTAURANT, near Market St.; receipts
$50 day; bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant.
$450^-FRUIT store; horse, wagon; receipts $15
day; bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant aye,
-OROCERT an.d bar; 3 rooms: rents23;full I
value. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$200— BRANCH bakery; 4 rooms; good business;
cheap. National Agency, 7 Grant aye, __^_
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT I HAVE'
OPENED A NEW
REAL ESTATE AND BUSINESS OFFICE
Under the Name of ' >-
WILKE _ UNFUG,
906 Market st., rooms 7 and 8. ,
I have no further, connection with my old
office,, 763 Vi Market st. All orders will be ;
as before promptly attended to. ■ , ■ 1
' • ■ ■■ ■ ■ R. G. WILKE. _
A }■!:.■■; BRANCH bakery and stationery store \
on Market st., with S living rooms; low. rent;
" established years and clearing about $60 per
month; a splendid offer. Call WILKE _
UNFUG, 906 Market st. :
A— S4OO— CORN _R saloon with club room; rent
$30; best -location; surrounded' by planing
mills and factories; a splendid offer. Par-
ticularß. WILKE „ UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— s3o£-CORNER grocery and bar, 2 blocks
south of Market St.; living, rooms; rent $27 50;
a snap. Call WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market.
A — LIST your store ' "roperty ■ —
Or' business place with ■ — — — — — — — — — —
W.I.KE & UNFUG, 906. Market st.-:
• The old estab. and reliable Business Agents.
$400; CORNER saloon, near theaters; easily j
' worth $1000; $20 daily. KREDO _ CO., 22ft ,
I Gear? St. . ' • • j
A— sl7s; DINING-ROOM: free rent; a enap If I
taken at once. KREDO & CO:, 22U Geary st. ;
A— s4so; CIGAR stand; flna location; value in
stock; $15 to Hi daily. HREDO _ CO..- 2>_
Geary st. ;' ■ X'iK
A— s7oo; PARTNER; milk route and boarding
stable; 200 steady customers; 5 good horses;
wagons; buggies. KREDO & CO., 22 Vi Geary.
A— s2oo; TAILORING and cleaning; 35 $1 50
monthly customers; clears $250- month: old age
cause .of vale. KREDO & CO., 22& Geary st.
$SOO—CI_ AR ' stand.; bargain this day. Mo-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market .-t. __ j
$125— PARTNER in manufacturing bus-
iness. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st. j
$25OO^FIRST-CLASS bakery and coffee-house:
prosperous country town. ' McLAUGHLIN St '
CO., 777 Market st. i
I $l(*0— PARTNEP. wanted in shipping business; •
must be a' -Scandinavian and have reference.
. Mclaughlin _ co.. 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon; bargain if sold this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN >fc CO., 777 Market St.
ELEOANT- restaurant In one of the best loca-
tions in city: no cheap meals; receipts $35 per
■ day; steady,' safe trade; ' will bear thorough j
Investigation; any one wishing restaurant
f business cannot, ftivd safer investment, GEO.
STEWART & CO., 632 Market st.
, LUNCH and coffee parlor; good location; do-
• Ins; fine paying business; trade is very
steady and regular, making a safe Invest-
.ment- GEO. BTEWART ft CO.. 632 Market.
$175— SALOON; 3 rooms: rent $1R; receipts $6 to
$9; must be sold quick; a bargain. LESS _
CO., 7C5 Market st. :
I CIGARS, notions, etc.; rent $15; 3 rooms.
■ $125— Branch bakery In best part of Mission; ■
! 3 rooms; furnished; rrnt $12; a money .maker. j
- Above aro bargains; we.recommond them;
. list your business with oldest brokers In city. j
LESS & CO., 765 Market st.; established '73. \
1 1300— HOME bakery: Mission; counter trade ■
$1". dally; low rent; 3 rooms; trial. BAR- ,
KKTT. 1125 Market St., above Seventh.
$60— .FRUIT store: bargain; low rent; business |
| fair: rooms. BARRETT, 1125 Market, j
PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman. in a j
Pacific Coast legitimate enterprise: ■ a sure
' ten times winner; cash required. $1500; full
Investigation solicited: Kan Francisco. Lob ,
Angeles- un.l Chicago references and testlmon-
: ials.- - irrrr %-.'. _U otflce.- __ - .-.. ' - •
$SOo— FOR Bale, a middle-sized lodging-house In j
Los Angeles; 4S rooms; 32 furnished, 16 un- ;
furnished; ' good, location; low rent. J.
BROWN, 109 Btevet— corner Second, city.
GOOD tailor wanted to start, up tailoring bust- j
ness on. installment plan; references ex-
cbanged. Call bet. 10 and 12, a and 6, 1223 j
Geary st. '. ' ■ -■'■- ->-V
PRISING business man with some cap-
ital call or sena address to 1309 Broadway,
Oakland; will show foundation and plans for
a fortune. J. KELLETT.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop; principal street;
rent with roons, '$5 per month. . Particulars
at : the "Novelty," 1825, Howard Bt. .
FINE comer saloon; splendidly located; i
suitable place for man and wife; $25 rent; a
bargal n. 253 Third st.
FOR ale at a bargain; dressmaking establish- •
ment and furnishings. Room 135, Murphy
• _.'_ J i I ___?_' . ■ . j
CORNER grocery and bar in Mission; owner!
there 7. years. Address. Grocery, 868 Folsom. !
LODGING house; 9 'rooms.; 231 Stevenson St.; |
'•' good condition; . every room, occupied-
$l.'o— BRANCH bakery, candy and notions; lly-
jnK rooms; rent $14. .805% Filbert St.
GOOD paying business, in fact a snap: must be
Fold: investigate it. THE REYNOLDS CO.,
'35 Third at. . .' '
' BARBERS Hotel shop for Bale in best mining
. town In California; 2 chairs. DECKELMAN
BROS., 106 Ell.is st. ' "
TWO first-class restaurant and coffee saloons;
■gell one or both. Inquire of the proprietor I
only at 3.15 Bush st. ■• j
GOOD paying' hotel; almost given away; 26
" rooms furdlanedj large lot; title perfect. Call i
'at 256 ■ Third', st. ' j
GOOD location for fruit store; fixtures In; rent '
"reasonable.- •MS Third aye., cor. Clement;
'take Butro car. ■ . _
HORSESHOEING shop for. sale; good business;
re_ T— itr.on account of- poor health. Box 673,
-. Call office.- - -■ ;' |
$150— BAKKRY and notjonp; also good tobacco j
trade. 11Q7 Snn Pablo aye.. Oakland.
SHOE shop for. sale.' 939 Mi Mission st.
GERMAN- physician and surgeon wants a part-
. ! ncr with 'some, capital t' open clinic at Ingle-
' side track: vapor and electrical baths estab-
• -lished: all diseases treated; operations per-
formed: medical man, -" --trlclan nr masseur
preferred. Address box 645, Call office.
OLD established blacksmith and wagon busi-
ness, wUh gas engine and' machinery, doing
gooa business, must be sold on account of
sickness. -Address 1512 Twenty-fifth aye.,
'. 'Oakland. •
$276. WORTH Up-to-date barber shop;
must be sold on account of immediate de-
• parture;. offer 'wanted. 1504 Park St.. Alameda.
FOR SALE— a Six chair barter-shop doing good
business; reaxbn for Fale want to go In coun-
try.. Address box 650, " office.
$330-rBUTCHICR shop; best stand in city; other
business cease of selling; Investigate. Box
1154. Call. ' __ j
OLD established restaurant for sale; a bar-
gain; no agents.. 27 Ninth St., near Market.
COFFEE -and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL St CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon. Inquire Wleland Brew-
ery, Second. st., near Folsom.
GOOD bakery; only store trade; cash business; ;
good location; 0r chance. Apply Call Office, j
'BRANCH ' bakery and notion store; established
tw.enty years. 1217 Folsom st.
ONE-HALF or whole Interest In saloon on city
front. 25 East st., near Clay.
FOR sale — route ' at San Jose. ' For par- '
ticu'lars apply at Call business office. i
• CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam .'Carpet-cleaning Works— !
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr., I
Z$ and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- i
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. . 40. |
j McQUEEN'S Cal. C. rnet-cleanlng Co., 453
Stevenson st.; tel. - >uth 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; relaid'at 3c
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944. .
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
Bt. ; cleaning Sc yard r tel. Mission 74.
KLIN'S Carpet-beating ' Works, 353 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. Eaat 121. ' . ' ■
ADVANCE Carpet cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
.. ; BICYCLES, :._.--■ £|- .
IS9B HIGH grade, low frame bicycle; used 1
week; bargain ;alao 1 duplex slde-by-side bi-
cycle. "JOSEPH ■ HOLLE, 20th and Fol»om.
... '.«....■ .. .. .. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1898.
\ HOUSES TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW house of 4 rooms; 212 Perry st.,
near Fourth; rent $12 60; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
ELEGANT sunny house. 8 rooms; rent reduced
from $60 to $35. 818 McAllister st. .
ELEGANT house 7 roome. 3388 Twenty-first
Bt. near Guerrero. . - .:
HOUSE of 13 rooms and bath, in good order;
north side. 252 O'Farrell Bt.
PINE and Hyde sts.; large corner house of 33
rooms and 3 baths; very centrally located;
rent reasonable. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
SUNNY house, 5 rooms, bath; cellar; yard; $14.
732 Ivy aye.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery Bt. ■ ■ .
3 LODGE rooms furnished, 927 Mission: 10-
room house, 2417 Sutter: 6-room cottage, 2403
Sutter. Apply L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay st.
SELINA place, 4, off north side California
et., east of Stockton; 4 rooms and cellar; key
et No. 8. Apply to GEORGE H. BUCKING-
• HAM, 415 Montgomery Bt. •
$12— HOUSE of fi rooms: grand view of bay. 3
Lawrence place, off Fremont St., nr. Harrison.
$12 GO— HOUSE. 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 46S Lin-
den aye., near Hayes and Laguna sts.
3-STORY house. 7 rooms and bath. 113
Olive aye., near Polk and O'Farrell sts.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
GEARY, 2253— Fine cottage, S rooms and bath;
cellar; mirror-top mantels; $18.
NICELY furnished corner house, 7 rooms. Ap-
ply 9 to 12, 3925 California; Sacramento-Bt. car.
SECOND, 629. near Townsend— Cottage 4 sunny
rooms, $10: flat 6 sunny rooms. $14.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— s-ROOM modern, lovely cottage, nice yard,
$12 and $14. SPECK & CO., 602 Market St.
$15— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms, bath; $15,
flat, 5 rooms, bath. 220 Thirteenth st.
FURNU '"' FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat; 4 rooms and bath. ill
Fell Et.
FLATS TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL new modern sunny middle flat,
' 7 rooms. Corner Jackson and Larkln sts.
BUSH, Uunny bny-wlndow lower flat; 6
rooms: bath; nice yard; $14. i
CLAY, — One of the most beautiful flats
In town; convenient, commodious and sunny;
marine view: rent very reasonable.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
EDDY, 633— An eight-room flat; newly reno-
vated; central location; very • convenient and
commodious; rent cheap.
FLAT of two large sunny rooms on second
floor: stove it required. 648 Minna St., nr. Sth.
FRANKLIN, 717, near Golden Gate aye.— Cor-
ner flat of 8 rooms and bath.
GROVE, 1614— New modern fiat, 6 rooms; bath:
large basement; $25. •
HARRISON, '2041, opposite Eighteenth— nice
sunny flats, 3 and 4 rooms, $9 and $10.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Upper flat of I rooms;
rent $16. '
LOWER flat. S rooms; upper flat, 4 rooms and
bath; rear house, 4 rooms. 1310 Larkln st.
LYON, 617, near McAllister— New sunny flat
of 6 rooms and buth.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat, 7 rooms, bath;
rent $27 50. Key at 725.
MISSION. 2721— Upper sunny flat 6 rooms; mod-
ern; large basement and yard; rent low to
good tenant.
NEW sunny upper bay-window flat 4 rooms,
bath. gae. 414 Lily aye.. bet. Oak and Page.
POST. 2531, or SPECK & CO.— A lovely 5-room
and bath; reduced to $20.
RENT reduced; new flat of 6 rooms and bath;
2&31 Post: $20. SPECK _ CO.. 602 Market Bt.
SEVENTH, 346— Beautiful flat 7 rooms; must
be seen to be appreciated: rent $25.
STYLISH, well -arranged 5-room flat, $18. In-
cluding scavenger and water. 1909 Howard.
SUNNY corner bay-window flat: 7 rooms, bath;
cheap. NE. cor. Dolores and Fifteenth sts.
SUNNY flat, 5 rooms, bath. 23 Birch aye., off
Larkin st., between Grove and Fulton.
3-ROOM flat. Inquire at 3.'2 McAllister st.
TAYLOR, 2014H— Sunny modern flat, 6 rooms
and bath; rent cheap.
WE can rent you a flat with or .without ■a .
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Mcnt-
. gowiery st. - ■ >■ '
836 A Sixth st.- two flats 5 rooms and bath ana
4 rooms: hail; folding doors; mantlo; large
rnT.IH. rent $12 each.
$18— NEW, choice, 6 large rooms, with all mod-
ern Improvements. 1720 Hyde st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA. 1265 — 3 unfurnished rooms; light;
very desirable;. upper floor.
EDDY, 473 <427)— Large nicely furnished front j
room, with kitchen adjoining; complete for
housekeeping; gas ranse.
ELLIS, 611—2 sunny connecting rooms for
houeekpg; also nice front room for 2 gents.
ELLIS, S26— large rooms, complete for house- i
keeping, $20; single front, gent or lady, $9.
ERIE, 47, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth—
neat, comfortable housekeeping rooms; garden.
FOLSOM, 874— Housekeeping rooms, double and
single; running water; $1 up.
FRANKLIN, 327— Large furnished front room;
grate; bath; suitable for light housekeeping;
rent $8. __j - •
GEARY, .r. r Elegant sunny suite rooms; privi-
lege light housekeeping: double and single
rooms. '
HARRIET, 16, off Howard, near Sixth— sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms, $8.
HARRISON, 946— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also single rooms; use of bath.
HOWARD, 701, corner Third— Finely furnished
sunny rooms: also housekpg; cheap; transient.
HOWARD, 106S — A newly furnished sunny par-
. lor suite, hkpg, $12; others, $8; single. $4 mo.
KEARNY, Front suite, 2 unfurnished
rooms, $10.
LARKIN, -613—3 completely furnished house-
keeping rooms; also sunny parlor and kitchen.
MINNA, 2S— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms; very low rent.
MINNA, 548— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing.
MISSION, 1125H— Larg* front room, nicely fur- 1
nlshed. with kitchen for housekeeping, $12.
MISSION. 1207. near Eighth— 4 nice unfurnished
living rooms; bath; coolc stove; $12 a month.
NATOMA, 645 — 2 sunny, furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; yard; $11.
KOE, • 161 — front rooms; corner flat; bath;
large closet; coal range; yard: $10.
POLK, 522—2 front unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping. ..■■-,;
POLK, Flat. of 2 or 3 sunny rooms; well
furnished; piano. . .
SEVENTEENTH, 3766— Housekeeping room,
use of kitchen, $7. ■ _• y
SUTTER, 1148— Sunny bay-window suite, suit-
able for 2; light housekpg privilege; gas; bath.
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth ft.— 2 or 3 rooms,
furnished for. housekeeping; also other rooms.
VAN NESS aye., 232—2 and 3 furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping; gas ranges.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Newly and elegantly fur-
nished sunny corner flat, 3 rooms and bath;
3 closets: gas range; complete. .
VAN NESS, 400— Unfurnished sunny parlor
floor 4 rooms: newly papered; modern.
VAN NESS aye.. 940— Nicely furnished parlor
floor for physician or housekpg; private fam. I
VAN NESS aw.. 1021— Front suite; 3 sunny
ro'OTnn; kitchen; ras; range: other rooms.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROO-TsT
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board: ac-
commodatlons for cooking. 9th _ Washington.
~~~ ROOMS O LET. ', .
A— 6TOCKTON. 242 — First-class sunny ! front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaxa; day or mo.
XRLINOTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; tirsl-cU— >
In every respect: terms reasonable. ~ .
AT 62 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 SO; day — c to : Soo.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo.; bathe, running water.
BALBOA, The, 1049 A Market— hands;
' renovated; rooms 50c. suites $1 per day; less
r. per week; country. trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BUSH. : 805— Nldely furnished sunny rooms, . $5
.per, month; also. light housekeeping; cheap.
CLIFFORD.: 204 : Ellis, .or, ' Mason— Sunny
suites and Bingle rooms; prices reasonable.. «
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished *or un-
furnished single and double rms. : $S, $10 mo. .
ELLIB, 597— Parlor floor,. 4 ■ rooms; suitable for
doctor or family; rooms for hausekeeplng.--'.;
FULTON. '■ 430B— Sunny ; furnished t rooms, both
double and single... -7 . ' ' '
GOLDEN ' GATE aye., ■. 1000, corner • La«una— ■
Well ■ furnished, ' large single \ sunny . front
room, private; only man and ■• wlf «.->-.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 610— large sunny rooms nicely
furnished;, also housekeeping rooms.
OLOBB House. 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; w«ek. $1 to 94; reading room: Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1104— Sunny bay-window
room, with kitchen.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en rulte and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; 91 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 754%, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; bath; housekeeping' conven-
iences; $1 week.
HOTEL VANCOUVER, 1001 Sutter— Elegantly
furnlßhed suites and Blngle rooms: moderate.
HOWARD, 7611/4— Nicely furnished Bunny rooms,
suitable man and wife; others; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1113^— Single rooms $3 50 per month,
20 cents per night.
HOWARD, 1802, corner Fourteenth— or 4
sunny front rooms; rent $8.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front furnished, $8;
gmall room, $4; housekeeping if desired.
LEAVENWORTH, 410— Sunny furnished alcove
suite; large closets; running water; gas,
bath. .- ■ ' .
LEAVENWORTH. 411— Beautifully furnished
sunny parlors for doctor, gents or couple.
MARKET. 1027%. bet. fth and 7th— Elegantly
furnished* front suit rooms; first floor; $30.
MARKET. 1032, near Mason— Newly furnished
tunny rooms: double, single; transient; $4 up.
MABON, 226— A sunny bay-window room, nice-
ly furnished, $1 50 up: day, week or month.
McALLIKTER, 633— 1 furnished front room; rea-
sonable: private family. -
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
OAK, 23%— Front furnished room to let.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny lurnished rooms, ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
PHILADELPHIA Furnished rooms, 75
cents a week and upward. 421 Bush st.
POST, Three blocks from all hotels; sunny
rooms; before locating elsewhere, see them;
elevator; all conveniences; families and gen-
tlemen; references given; board optional.
POST. 622— Chanced hands, renovated: newly
and elegantly furnished; single or en suite.
MRS. J. A. CALHOUN, formerly of Waldorf.
POST. 1115, between Polk a"nd Van Ness— 3 nice
furnished rooms In private house. ::
POWELL, Cheap neat light sunny rooms;
gents preferred.
POWELL, 3-room basement to let. with
yard. ■ _^
POWELL. 617— EleKantly furnished suit of
rooms, with privilege, kitchen for breakfast.
PROSPECT place, 123. bet. Powell and Stock-
ton, near California— room, bath, $6;
private; German. • . '
SCOTLAND, 4, near Mason— Sunny front rooms,
hard finished. jft). __
SEVENTH, 192. near Howard (Girard House)—
Bunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth, St.,
near Market— FurnlshPd . and unfurnished.
TAYLOR. 238— Unfurnished suite of nice par-
lors, to physician or small family; light house-
keeping; or will furnish; good location. ,
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St., opp. Gough
—House newly furnished; single rooms or
suites; two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping; rooms from $5 to $12.
TURK. 20— Nicely furnished sunny rooms; suite
or single; also housekeeping: reasonable.
TURK, 132— Large nicely furnished sunny room
suitable for 2: sunny single room. 96.
VAN NESS aye., Large double parlor,' un-
fumlHhed: also two In basement: gas range.
VAN NESS eve., 813— Sunny corner, unfur-
nished, $5; furnished, $10; single or en eulte;
private. ■ ■ '
ROOMS AND BOA
ABBOTPFORDTThe—
Broadway and Polk sts.: quiet, homelike;
terms moderate: board opt'nal; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House, 319-321-323 Grant aye. —
Rooms 50c up; board and room, $1 per day and
upward ; free bus to and from . hotel.
FOLSOM. 6U— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week: nice, location.
GEARY, 227— First-class board; home cooking;
Epectal rates to students, clerks: dinner. 250.
HOTEL LAB PALMAP, 1820 Market— Elegantly
• furnsbd. rmt.; »ult«N ulnKle^ optional
MISSION, 942— Nicely furnished parlor for gent,
with board and bath, $20; private family.
O'FARRELL, Pleasant home for gent;
board: hot and cold water; 920: other rooms.
THE OR.oL— elegantly , furnished sunny
Market Ft. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month: single rooms accordingly. • ■ •
VAN NESS aye.. Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.
VAN NESS, 1008— Excellent table board; sunny
furnished rooms, ' ■'
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW wishes 2 children to board; furnished
room for parent. 51 Clara st.
RESPECTABLE German lady wants to board
children or infants; good home; reas. 524 Turk.
CHILDREN boarded; mother's care. 181 Do-
lores Bt.
STORES TO LET.
HAVES, Large store and living room; suit-
able most any business; good stand; $15.
HOWARD. ISo2— Store and two rooms; rent
cheap.
TO LET— Small store, 226 Ellis st. Inquirt
next door at jeweler's.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 35.-.l— Corner store and 4
rooms; stable If desired; Twenty-second St.
oars pn«=s: $14.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter from what cause); safe !
and sure at any time; my celebrated reme-
dies end treatment have never been known to
fall: travelers helped without delay; home In
confinement; (skillful medical , attention; all
those who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free and confidential: strong pills
•91; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR. WYETH,
208 Turk st., near Jones. ■ '.-:■'.:■•,-
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
B0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
snteed; any dlfeaae or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though eIE« fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; . travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
St.; pills. $1: very strong. $2. ■
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure: no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box,, sent free, by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elswhere write us. -
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day: safe and sure; no medi-
cine or instruments .used; consultation free;
saves disgrace; pills, and capnules, $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician, for
37 years/ DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
LADIES. Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other: 6end .4c stamps for . particulars.
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mall: at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments I used ; - guaranteed
cure at office, $5: travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients: consult free; confidential..
MRS. DR. KOHL. '. 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. : private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; . terms
moderate; Infants adopted into- good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladlea with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSQOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
ATTENTION! Rheumatism; guaranteed cure In
10 days; no pay till cured. , 299 Hyde st. - ;
MRS. • ACHARD, . midwife; sunny,' " pleasant
* home In confinement. 15$ Second st.
ELEVENTH. . 106— Branch office of The Call.
fiubßcrlptlons and sds taken. -
______________
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold i and rented ; j few partly
used for sale . cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A Hammond, $25; Callgraoh, $15; Yost, 923;
get sample work. -BCOTT. 333 Montgomery..
PROPOSALS. ~~
PROPOSALS 3 for j stone • wall— General I df>pot,
; Quartermaster's Department, . 36 1 New Mont-
gomery street, . San Francisco, ; September 27,
IS9S. Sealed proposals will be received at this
office until 11 o'clock "a. m.,: on October 28
■ 1895,: and then .'opened, for construction : of
stone wall along southern, boundary •'• of mili-
I tary reservation, > Presidio of San Francisco,
in accordance - with plans ! and ■ specifications
on file here, which > can be Been ■on ; applica-
tion. OSCAR F. . LONG, lieutenant * colonel,
U. ■ 8. Volunteers, depot quartermaster. ".'
PERSONALS. '
GERMAN farmer, middle-aged, owner of lodg-
ing house, would like to. form acquaintance
with sincere person of means; object matrl-
/ mony. Address In German, box 763, Call.
GIRLS prepared for the stage, dramatic or
\-audeville; engagements secured. Box 797,
Call office. ;
LEDERER'S Qulnonia cleanses the scalp thor-
oughly; 35c bot. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
CURLS are used by every one .In halrdresslng
now, 45c pair; halrdressing, 25c; hair restored
to Its natural color, $1 50 up; good switches,
$1; finest, $3 50; extra, $5; open Sunday, 9 to
12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
GENTLEMEN'S mending neatly done. MISS
EDNA WELLS, 109 Taylor St., room 7.
THE Magic Hand Loom mends all fabrics; per-
fect weaver; 25c. GREATER WEST ADVER-
TISING AND NOVELTY CO., 1156% Wash-
lngton St., Oakland. Cal. ; - ' . ■ . .
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
. House. 44 Third st., near Market: M 0 rooms,
16c to 91 50 per night: $150 to $8 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installment*. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st,, bet. 7th and Bth.
MASU MIYAKAWA. Japanese contractor and
labor agent. 410 Kearny st.: tel. Green It.
DRESSMAKERS.
MISS^ILLIGAN, dre -.aklng and cloak-
making school. 223 Grant aye.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market Bt. '.
MMX. GOjIOSTEIN— EI. 'ant stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made. over. 3 Eddy St., rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~~~
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how. to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or b'brled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while liy a per-
fect trance; perfect' satisfaction guaranteed
by mall. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26, 1206 Market st., opp. Sixth.
MME. HANSON, palmist, > card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 10.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st. :
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
. reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission. •
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at »15 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister et.: come, skeptics.
MOTHER SADlE— Seance to-day 12 o'clock;
trumpet seance 8 p. m. 409 Leavenworth st.
M. I FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dlum. 118 Halghtst.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. read-
Ings, $1; clr. Tues.. Frl., 2 p. ro.: Mon., 8; 25e.
MRS SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212 V4 Sixth Bt.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant, diseases cured
with revealed remedies; cancer cured without
I'Tln: fittings 91; diagnosis free. 232 Stockton.
HYPNOTISM
INSTRUCTION given in personal magnetism:
diseases and habits cured permanently; mag-
netism is the success In social .nd business
life." The College, 305 Larkin st.. Tuesday
evenings free.
_______-—---
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Busineas College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branches; 1
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue. _^
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. Indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month. s
UNIVERSITY coach— Perry. Ph. B., Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. C, 7407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School— Civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
EI«OCUTION""'and oratory; F.Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs experience. Press Club bldg.", 123 Ellis.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lln. etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th st.
MARCHESI'S vocal studio reopened. 811 Leav-
enworth, nr. Butter; prl. tuition: voice cult.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Lelpslc; lessons, 75 cents. 110 Hyde st.
MME. Annls Montague Turner, vocal Instruc-
tions; correct and natural- method. 930 Bush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712. Van Ness aye.
ENGLISH literature, mythology: Shakespeare
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office of' The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve, this method; prices are the
came as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In gnod second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, 1 $4 and
95 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner "Kearny and Sutter
pts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. .'
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. .
CALLENBERG A VAUPEL, $75: Marshall &
Wendell, $150; Sterling, $185; Vose, $196; easy
payments: guaranteed. BENJ. CURT AZ &
SON, Chlckerlng Agents, 16-20 O'Farrell st.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.; they
are making room for fresh stock.
GOOD Gabler piano, $50; eeveral other fine bar-
gains; Hardman agency: carload new styles
arrived. THE J. DEWING CO., fc.cond floor.
Flood building. . .
SOHMER Ji- CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post St.
IT costs you 5c to see the pianos we rent for $3
per month. SCOTT-CURT AZ PIANO CO.,
E6O Hayes st. • • ' ■ :
FOR Sale— An ■ organ, 5 stops, In good condi-
tion; reasonable. 440 A Clementina St.- ,
$60— ELEGANT upright pianos; 95 installments.
1116 Post st. " . . , .
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: .brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG,' 216 McAllister.
FINE 3-pedal upright, nearly new; cost 9400;
must sell. Flat 1. 1021 Van Neas aye.
975— GREAT bargain; nice upright. SCHMITZ,
■1C McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank.
SPECIAL sale of pianns; wholesale prices. to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post Bt.
"AD" smallest: price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. . HEINE, 136 Ellis st. . .: ,
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
i MARKET Branch - office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken. .■'■■; :
~ ~~~ DENTISTS. : " '
DON'T wear a rubber plate wh»n you can get
a metal plate for the same price; our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper : and so
light it floats. Full Bet of teeth, $5; crowns,
i.i 50 up; gold fillings, $1 up: silver, 50c up;
bridge work a specialty: written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
' none but experienced* dentists to do youc
work; no charge for extraction, when plates
are ordered: examination and consultation
free. MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 8 Ma-
son St., corner Market; phone South 781. -j
A FULL 6et of- teeth. " $5;- see new flexible
plates; light and: thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without, plates, crown 'and bridge work
our specialty ;\ fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth Ft.; telephone Jessie 1133.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and i pat-
entee of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, ; removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. 95 up: fillings, 25c up; all . work pain-
less and ' i^unranteed to stand; open evenings.
.997. Market St., corner Sixth. s -
PAINLESS : EXTRACTION*, BRIDGE WORK—
i New York methodß at Ivew York prices iby
New York dentists. 969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM ■ HILL, 1443 ; Market ; ut.. : near
' Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and: fillings a
■ specialty; air work reasonable; gas given. .
SET ' of " teeth without a plate. -, DR. H. C.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ; ■ /.. •■ i -.
ALL work reasonable .and; warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st. _. wr , ■..■■•
CITY REAL ESTATE.
~~~ . -—. •. ~~~^ ; -.- J -,.-r,
LIST
OF ♦ ■ ' < ;■
BARGAINS.
$3200— Rent $44; close to the corner of Fourth.
and Bryant sts.; 4 flats, 3 and 4 rooms each;
splendid interest-paying proposition.
$S2so— $62 £0; good place for baker store,
and 2 flats above of 5 and 6 rooms and bath,
and 2 rear flats of 4 rooms each; all buildings
In very good repair; extra large lot, 25x137:6;
Eighth st., near Howard.
■ $3250— Rent $38; all rented; 4 good flats of 3
and 4 rooms each, close to the corner of Eighth
and Folsom sts. ; lot 25x75.
$3500— Rent $33; Central aye., nr. Golden Gate,
lot 27:6x110; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms; all rented.
$12,000— handsome, brand new building.
Just completed: rent $100; large corner lot; this
building contains 3 corner flats of 6 rooms and
bath, etc., each; very sunny and very attrac-
tive.
Devisadero st.. near Golden Gate aye.:
handsome new building, containing 2 flats, 6
and T rooms, bath, etc,, each; lot 23x100; rent
$62 50. ■ •
$2000— amount of cash required; very ■
attractive bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, etc.; on Jersey St., near Castro.
$28,000— Rent $330; an offer, wanted; good
Chinatown investment on Washington St.; ex-
tra large lot, over 70 feet by over 100 feet In
depth.
$8500 — $60; handsome new flats of 6 and
7 rooms, bath, etc.. on Page St., near Laguna;
good renting property; close to town.
$7500— Worth $12,000; O'Farrell St., near La-
guna; modern 2-story basement and attic resi-
dence, containing 12 rooms and latent improve-
ments; rent $65; lot 25x120 to roar Btreet.
$20,000— Best part of Western Addition (Pan-
handle district); handsome new building; large
corner lot; 50x106:3; a splendid income' prop-
erty; rent $190.
$7000— Hyde st.. near Ellis; 2-story and base-
ment house of 10 rooms and bath. '
GOOD BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$7700— Splendid building on a prominent street
in the Western Addition; plate glass show win-
dows; the floor of the store is -laid in tiles;
the building was erected for a baker, who is .
doing an excellent business. ' •'■» ■ '
$21,000— Golden Gate aye., corner of prominent
street; large lot; 40x90; improvements consist of
flats and 2 stores; rents $177 50.
Tehama St., near Eighth; 2-story frame
building, containing 8 rooms; also a 2-stor>
house of 8 rooms in rear; rent $35; lot 26x75.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery »t..
HOUSE and lot, 508 Mason St.; 7 rooms and
bath; $6000; 4 blocks from Kearny and Mar-
ket stß. Call Tuesday or Wednesday.
$1100— GROCERS attention; corner B-room cot-
tage and lot; $10 mo. Box 669. Call office.
$2400-BARGAIN; lot 60x122:6; two cottages;
st. complete; $1000 cash. Owner, 2594 Mission.
~~ COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
TO RENT— In Contra Costa County, on San
Pablo Creek, 8 miles from Berkeley. 1150
acres land; well watered, wooded; 550 acres
good grain land; balance excellent pasture;
suitable milk or stock ranch; R. R. facilities;
• crops never fall. R. E. Rowland, Orinda Park.
FOR Sale— ranch: 1200 acres land; 500
acres fine grain land, remainder grazing hill
land; abundant feed: well sheltered and
watered; situated Colusa County, 16 miles
from railroad; price $10 per acre. Apply to.
MRS. M. S. CHANDON. MarysvUle, Cal.
TEXAS lady visiting California wishes to sell
f.ne Texas ranches from $4 to $20 per acre in
all parts of Texas: would exchange. MRS. P.
T. NORWOOD, 1356 Harrison St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$150 CASH— Neat new cottage, 4 rooms and
bath; an extra lot with it, $765; monthly till
paid for; an easy way to own your own
home and stop paying rent; price $575; Allen-
dale Settlement, East Oakland; a few $75 lots
still left; $5 cash, $s' monthly; the tract Is
' fast settling up with nice, homes; streets are
graded; some macadamized; 3 electric car
lines and fine schoolhouse near; call or send
for circular; carriage free. 455 Seventh st.,
corner Broadway, Oakland. H. Z. JONES,
Owner. ' , ■ • •• ■ . ■-
FOR Sale in Oakland— New house, 7 rooms and
bath; 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40t125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
"railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisf-o; monthly installments. HERON & HOL-
COMB, 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
FOR Furnished, In Oakland, house 11
rooms; northwest corner; large grounds; fine
neighborhood: 3 minutes' to railroad station.
30 to San Francisco; 18 or 24 months; rent
$70, Including care of grounds. HERON &
HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
LODGIXG HOUSE WASTED-"
WANTED— lodging-house in Oakland
; proper;, near business center to accommodate
boarders; terms must reasonable. Ad-
drew M. 8., Call office,' Alameda. ■
. OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
LADIES' coats, gowns and suits. MRS. E.
CHATMAN. SOS 27th «t.. nr. 3an Pablo.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old Btnre. 408 Elevpnth st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
• JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $ISOO, $2200, $2600, $3000. ■
The above are lovely cottages which have'
been thrown cm the market for non-payment
of installments, and they- are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations. ' '. . •
We are going: to weed them out, and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market st.
Ban Francisco. - Open Sundays and holidays.
' BEUKELEY REAL ESTATE. '
$3500— NEW house of 7 rooms and bath; all
modern Improvements; large lot; street work
all done arid near the university. JOS. J
MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley station. , v
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
30 LARGE and small desirable ranches for Oak-
land property; also good renting Oakland
property for ranches; see me for what you
want J. H.". EPSON. 1209 Broadway; Oakland.
MONEY TO LOAN. : T
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F. , Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J
NOONAN. 1017 to .1023 Mission st., above
' Sixth; telephone South 14. • •
HIGHLY respectable ' arid private place to ob-
tain' liberal advances on diamonds and' Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. ' Baldwin Jewelry
Store. »48- Market st. ; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
■ 8lon; lowest interest.. Room 68, • 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private par*y. BONNELLI, 130 Post st.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
. and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
. bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, • rm. 8.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
COLONIAL Inv. Co.— Money on any propbsl-
tion; city, country; furn. 405 Montgomery, r. 4.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mor«,;-
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL. ' :
FOREIGN and home capital to lnvestT^BYl£
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County '
of San Francisco, State of ' California, De-
partment No. 7— No. 65,668.— F. .E. HESTHAL. i
Plaintiff, vs. EMILY GROGAN, Defendant.
•. Action brought in the Superior Court of the |
- City and County iof San . Francisco, State of i
California, and the Complaint filed in the i
office of the ; Clerk of said City and - County" <
of • San. Francisco. E. F. PRESTON, Attor-
ney for Plaintiff: The People of the State of
.California send greeting to EMILY GROGAN,
Defendant.
• You are hereby : directed to •'. appear and i
answer the Complaint in an action entitled as j
above brought • agalnßt you in . the Superior
Court of the City and County of San" Fran- j
- Cisco, State ■ of,. California, . within ten days
■after the service on you of this Summons— If
' served within this County; or within thirty
• days if served elsewhere. ' .: . .
And you are hereby notified that unless you
appear and answer as . above required I the
said Plaintiff will - take judgment for any
money - or ; damages demanded in the .- Com-
' plaint, as -arising upon contract, or he will I
apply .to the Court . for any , other relief * de-
manded in the Complaint. . ■ ' ■  , - ..
' Given ! under my - hand ' and the seal of the
Superior Court of the City and County of San
FranciFco, State of. California, this 24th day
■of September, A. D. IS9B. - . . .. , *
[Seal] CHARLES F. CURRY. Clerk.
Hy JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk ■ ■
; LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
■;•,■, ■;•". i ARRIVED. ,■
- - ■". "-. Monday, September 2«. •
Btmr Newsboy. Ellefsen, 22 hours from Ueal.
':'■■■'• ' ■ ' .
- . ■■■ ■ ■
■ ■
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ST. MICHAEL— Sept 12— Stmrs Brlx-
ham and Albion, from Seattle; stmr TUlamook,
hence Aug 28. Sailed Sept 12— Stmr Fulton, re-
turned same day, .machinery disabled. To sail
Sept 13— stmr Danube and ' bark Hayden
Brown.
MARRIAGE j LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Otis E. Baldwin and Alice G. Hendricks..
Charles O. Lendelof and Mabel M. ■ Bo wen. 25-22
R. F. Batchejor and Annabel! Ftelschman.2o-17
William A. Schwab and Lizzie H. Read. 27-23
J. G. Sehlieriiann a"nd Maude E. Driggs.. .3s-19
John T. Fahey and Lizzie M. Warren 32-24
Peter Tamoriey and Hannah Dineen ..31-27
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
BORN. , .. • |> "
GOGGIN— In Alameda, September 2.', IS9S, to .
the wife of -G. E. Goggln, a daughter.
HAKER— In this city, September 25, 1898. to the
j wife of William Hafcer Jr.,' a son.
McMENOMY— In this city, September 20. IS9B,
to the wife of Nicholas McMenomy. a son. '
MARRIED. "
BUHLINGER-LEICHNER-Iri this city. Sep-
. tember 24, IS9B, by the ReV. Paul Branke,
William Buhllnger and Busl.e Lelchner.
SAMUEL— JESSEN— In this city. September 25,
1898, by the Rev. F. R. Farrand. William P.
Samuel and Marguerite M. Jessen, both of
San Francisco. . •
WATERBURY-SCHENDEL— this city, at St.
John's Episcopal Church, by the Rev. Dr.
' Breck.- Charles H. Waterbury and Alice M.
Schendel. . ' •'
..' : ! \y.~, ■ DIED. . '"."•..
• Campbell.- Charles • Jeffery, Henry C.
• Cochrane, Irene • ■ Kelly, Margaret C.
Crawford. Jessie' R. Kestel, Adolph
Cummings, .William Irvin,- James C.
. Davalos, Miguel L. Mayslnhelder; P. C ;
Dolan, Mary . ' • .Mohun (infant)-
Donovan. Mary ONeill. Catherine .
Dougherty, Mary . Riley. Mrs. C.
. Doyle. . James F. • ■ Robeson. Juliet F. .
Duncan. Annie J.- Schmidt. Julius.
' Edgar, James W. ■ ■. Stanton. Bridget
Girard.' Edward . ' Taylor, William
' Grover,- A. A. : Woodward, Capt. J.
. Gunri, John ' • Zander, Henriette E,
• Hanchette. Mrs. E. • • . •
CAMPBELI/— ln this city. Beptembef 26, 1898,
Charles Campbell, beloyed brother of John
Campbell. Mrs. C. M. Roberts and. Mrs. N.
J.-McLeod, a- native of Nova Scotia, aged 3J
years and 7 months. • ' . " • "
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday),' 11 ■ o'clock, from . the residence
of Captain. N. J-. MoLeod, 40 McAlH&ter street.
" Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
COCHRANE— In th.is city, September 2s. 1898,
Irene, beloved- daughter of Robert and Belle '.
Cochrane. a -native of Sari Francisco, aged
8 months arid 23- days. . . :
CRAWF.ORD— In Alameda, Cal., September 15.
IS9B. Jessie Reid, beloved daughter, of Mr,
and Mrs. Brodle Crawford, and sister of John,
William, and Mabe.i Crawford. Mrs. J. Mont-
' gomery arid Mrs.Bobßt, a native of Canada,
aged 19 yearp 2 months and 20 days-. • : .
CUMMINGS— this city, ' September 26. 1898,
William A. Cummings, a native of Rochester,
■N. V.. aged 34 years and 4' months. :
DAVALOS— this city, Septeirfber. 25, 1898,
Miguel L. Davalos, a native of Los Angeles, ■■
• aged 37 years and 16 days. (Tucson papers
pleaße copy;) . . .' • . ■-'•' .
lOTA high requiem mass will "be held at
the Church of Nueßtra Senora de Guadalupe,
corner of Broadway and Mason street, this
day (Tuesday); at 10 o'clock. The funeral cor- ■
tege will leave from his' sister's residence.
1904 Mason .street, '.at' 2 o'clock. All friends
are cordially • invited.
DOLAN— the City and Ceutity Hospital,. Sep- (
tember 26. 1898,. Mary Dolan, a native of Ire-
| land, aged 60 years. ■
! DONOVAN— In this city, September 24, 1898, J
! Mary, relict of Daniel Donovan, and mother
1 of Daniel P., .Kittle and Mary B-- Donovan,
Mrs. G. W. Arhmor of Salt Lake City and
i the late Thomas J. Donovan, a native of Ire-
land, aged 72 years. • (Grass Valley papers
please copy.). . • ■
C7"The funeral will take" place, this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, fivun -her lata
residence, 631 - Minna street,' thence to St:
Joseph's Church, Tenth' and Koward streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
i ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross- Ceme-
| lery. Friends are Invited to -attend. ' . • .
DOUGHERTY— In this city, September 26. 1898, |
Mary, relict of the late George Dougherty,-
sister of the late Thomas Delaney, and aunt :
of John . Lawler, a native- of. Johnstown, j
County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 64 -years. . 
DOYLE— In this city, September 26, 189S, James
■ F., son of the late Catherine Doyle, arid
brother of the late Michael Doyle, a. native •
of Maryland, aged 38. years.: . " . : r.
DUNCAN— this city, September -24, 1898.
j Anne Jane, wife of Alexander Duncan, for-,
merly of Duncans Miils.aged 74 years and 3
months. ■••.. . '.':. '.?■'' •
IC?" Friends are respectfully invited ' to at- ;.
tend the funeral services this day (Tues-
day), at 'o'clock, . at the Strathmore, 207
Lark'tn street. Interment Mountain View .
Cemetery, Oakland.
EDGAR— In Eldridge. September 24, 1898.
IS9B, James W. Edjrar. beloved son of Mrs.
Mary A. Cohen, a native of San Francisco,
aged 14 -years 2 months -and 12 days.
GIRARD— In thts city, . September 25, 189S, Ed-
ward. Girard. a native of Germany, aged 33
• years 6 month's and 15 days.. ' .
IC^Friends and acquaintances are 'respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral this -day '
1 (Tuesday),' at" 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierk? & Co.. 957 -Mission., street, be- -'
tweeri Fifth- and Sixth. . Interment Laurel:
Hill Cemetery. • • ■ . "
GROVER— this city, September '24. 1898, A.
A. Grover, a native, of Massachusetts, aged -'
42 years. " ' . ■ " • •■
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited- to -attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), af 2 o'clock, from the residenoe of
A. W. Dunn; 12.22 Val^cia street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery: ■ .
GUNN-r-In' Oakland, September t% 1898. John
Gunn. father o.f Mrs. C. Seamen, Mrs. Henry
1 "White, Mrs. E. Burl.eya'nd W. A. and John
Gunn 'Jr.; a -native ■of ' Scotjarid,- aced 85
I years 2 -months arid 1 day. .
•I [CTTriends-and acquaintances are respect-
' fully i-nvited to attend the funeral to-morrow ■
(Wednesday), at. 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his daughter, Mrs, E. Burley, 446
East Twentieth street. East Oakland: Inter-
ment; Mountain View Cemetery- •
HANCHETTE— In this city, September 26, 18S8.
M«. Emma' A. Hanchette, daughter of Mrs.
Amelia Griffith.. ■" ' '
JF.FFERY— In 'this, city, September 26, •1888,
Henry Carleton, beloved sop of Henry and '
-Llltle ■ Jettery." . and grandson of James and
Sarah Bennetts- of Amador City, a native of
S.an" Francisco, aged 1 mqnt.h and 9 days. . ; j
KELLY— In this. city, September 24, 1808 Mar-
garet -C., beloved wife of the late Mark Kelly,
and mother of Joseph A., Mark A., Eugene
and- Josephine." Kelly. • a ': native of Kings
' County, Ireland, ag.ed 53 years., . .
E?"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
j KESTEL— In the City and County • Hospital,
j. v September 26; 1598, : Ailolph Kestel, a native
■ of Germany, .aged 58 years. .'. '
IRVlN— Departed-.this life, in this city, Septem-
ber 26, 1898, James Che.atham, beloved son of
'• Thomas and Emily Irvin, a. native of . San
Francisco, -aged 3 month's. . '■.;. -/--;..
■ (C^Friends and" acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tb -attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday)-, at 2:30 o'clock, "from the residence
of the parents, 3109 Fillrhore street. Inter- :;
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery: - - .;
MAYSINHELDER-r-In Concord. September 25, :
IS9B, * Perclval C, beloved son of Fred and"
Mary Mayslnhelder, • a natfve of San Fran-
cisco. ' . • -
' cyWill be buried in Concord this day ,
(Tuesday). • ■ .-
MOHUN— September 26, 1898, infant son of Dr.
. :C. C. .and Martha Mohun.
O'NEILJ>-In this.ci-ty, September 25, 1898. at
Our Ladies' Home. 33 Rincon nlace. Cather- f
me O'Neill, a native of County Kilkenny, v
Ireland, aged 69 years. . . . .
• E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- '■■
fully invited to attend the .funeral this day
. (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from MiESion Do- •'
lores Church, . where a -solemn requiem, mass •
■will be celobrateS -for the repose of her fioul,
commencing at- the . above hour. Interment '•
Holy Cross Cemetery. . . r'^\---l,
RILEY— A requiem high mass for the repose of ..
the foul-of the late Mrs. Catherine Rlley of " :
Valencia street, will be" .celebrated to-morrow |
(Wednesday) morning, at 9 o'clock, at St.
• "Ignatius Church. ■ Friends. and acquaintances •
are respectfully invited to attend.
ROBESON —In -this city, September 16, 1898,
JuHefF. Robeson, a native of Erie v Pa., aged '
74 years. • :-• ,-. . v.
SCHMIDT— In thiH city. September 26, 1898,
' . Julius Schmidt, a native of Germany, aged
49 years 3 .months and 15 days..
ICT Friends and", acquaintances are respect- •
! fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10'o" clock, from ' the parlors 'of "
Theodw Dierks & Co., 957 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth, Interment Laurel .
Hill Cemetery.-  " .
STANTON— An annlvereay rerulem high mass
will- celebrated for the repose of the soul •
of the late Bridget Stanton at St. Mary's ."
Cathedral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 9^
o'clock. Friends and those of her. sisters.
Mary Dunn and Ann Lyons, and her brother.- .■
Thomas Stanton," and her late sisters. Ellen >
Stanton and Cn.tberlne Shea, are respectfully -,. .
invited to attend. . . '
. TAYLOR*-In this city. September 26, 1898. -
"William Taylor, a native of New York, aged .■
. 87 years. ' ■. ■■ ' , .:.-./ '••..'-.- •.. ••'. ■:', '
WOODWARD— In Angels. Camp, August 80. .
• 189S, Captain John A. Woodward, aged 71 '
years 7 months and 9 days. (New York pa-.-.
"- pers please copy.) ■ ' ■ :• . -. .■. ■ ■ ■
ZANDER— In Alameda, -Henriette Emllie, be-
loved daughter of Gustav and Julie Zander,
a native uf Alameda, Cal., aged 3 months and
12 day?. . - , ■ - • ;,-.,: ;-■??■ ■■ '.'-
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 10- attend the funeral this day'
■ (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, 'from the residence. --
1631 Sherman Htreet. Interment Mountain .-
View Cemetery. • ;■ - - .'■■ :^; >\-,
j _ ■iimm^, '■
I McAVOY & GALLAGHER. .' V
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMS®* «&
1 20 FIFTH ST., opp. Lincoln Sohoal. '■; ; : . ■
I . ' Telephone. South 80. : - : •*• : .
1112
ARTISTS ARE
ROWING WITH
ONE ANOTHER
Woman's Ingratitude
to Woman.
IT'S THE SAME OLD KICKERS
ALL WANT THEIR PICTURES
HUNG ON THE LINE.
Secretary Martin Does Not Consider
Studio Teas a Drawback to
the Institute Ex
hibition.
Artists are rowing: with one another.
The. regular fall exhibition of the Art In
stitute opens on' October 13, ana ievery
where that the. knights of the brush meet
protests are heard and veiled flings at the
"jury of acceptance or rejection" are mer
rily tossed to and fro.
The ladles also have chosen to take part
In the general dissatisfaction, and after
noon studio teas are given for the sole
ana only purpose .of discussing whether
:lt is possible for a woman — on a hang
ing committee—to act fairly and squarely
toward another voman.
The dissension in the ranks of art is not
a' matter of a day nor a week. Those in
terested in. the fight claim it is the natural
outcome of many years of autocratic op
pression, of worthy pictures of unknown
struggling artists relegated to the "sky"
and above all to the bugaboo of all art
ists—bad light; Favorite pupils, so th«
grumblers claim, find their pictures on the
line, while the .outsider has his picturo
hung in some obseuro or out-of-the-way
place. . ■
The especial "kick" of the lady exhlolt
ors this year is that Mrs. jdce B. Chitten
den Is on .the hanging committee and a
woman, they claim, is never, can never
end will never be just to another woman.
There .is also sunie talk that October is
too early for a profitable resulting exhibi
tion, and that nearer Christmas time
might find more purchasers. The dissat
isfied ones, moreover, hold that the studio
tea and exhibition give the artist in every
way a better chance, both as to showing
and disposing of his work.
Up at the institute they only laugh at
all the reports of dissatisfaction, and Sec
retary Martin sums up the authors of all
the charges under the head of "kickers."
"It la the kickers," said Martin.
"Every exhibition brings piem out with a
long string of grievances, a dr-nunciation
of the institute and a determination not
to exhibit. Hut they all calm down, send
In their pictures, are delighted to have
them accepted and hung as best the com
mittee sees flt. •
"All cannot be hung on the line, and all
cannot have just the light that each art
ist demands. God's own sunlight cannot
1 c t'-mpered to please some exhibitors.
for they naturally must be dissatisfied.
l!i;rn kickers, that's the whole thing."
The charge against Mrs. Chittenden is
scorned by the g*-nial secretary.
"Mrs. Chittenden is justice personified,
and bo gentle— why, she would not harm a
By." • .
■ Martin's only trouble in the midst of
nl! this turmoil is the probability that
the night class on account of its lack of
pupils will have to he discontinued.
.'1 he jury of acceptance or rejection for
this year's exhibition consists of Mrs. A
B. .Chittenden, L. P. Latimer C. C. Jud-
Joseph ilroenhaum, H. R. Bloomer,
Aaron. Aitmnn, Miss M. Froellch, G. Ca
denasso, Mrs. Sarah Gamble, Mrs. C'ara
• Mrs. E. P. Bradley and Joseph
D Strong.
This jury, according to the laws of the
Institute, has selected five of its number
to art as hanging committee and they
are: Mrs. A. B. Chittenden, C. C. Jud-
Bon, L. P. Latimer, Joseph Greenbaum
and Joseph D. Strong.
members of the institute anticipate
tcellent and most creditable exhibit,
in spite- of "kicks" and the rivalry of
"studio teas."
LEFT ALONE TO SUFFEB.
Young Girl Found In a Lodging-
House in a Precarious Condition.
Neille'KaUy, 18 years of age, was found
alone and sick In a room In the Gerard
House, W2- Seventh street, yesterday after
noon. She was brought there a week
ago by a young man who gave his name
as Madden, and has had no attention
since that time.
Dr. Bunnell -was called In and found
she was suffering from pneumonia. Of
ficer McMurray had her removed to the
City and County Hospital.
Health Officials May Go.
There was an informal caucus of sev
eral members of the Board of Health
held last evening at the office of Dr. Wil
liamson., to discuss retrenchment in ex
penditures. The decision has been reached,
however, that If the worst comes, four
or five milk inspectors and a number of
others In the pure food department will
have to go. The appearance of Texas
fever among cattle in Solano County was
considered by the doctors Lost evening,
and at the board meeting to-night steps
will be taken to prevent the Introduction
c>i diseased meat into this market.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Itching
Scalp Humors
Cuticura Works Wonders In
Cleansing the Scalp and Re-
storing the Hair.
I was suffering tortures from a diseased
scalp. I was scratching my head from morn-
ing till night. .Little pimplea broke out all
over my head. I had no rest. I got a cake ol
OcticuraSoap and a box of Ccticcba (oint-
ment). 1 washed my head about onoe a week
with hot water and Ccncnu. Soap, and then
applied the Cuticcka (ointment) as a dress-
Ing. I only used one box of ointment and
one cake of soap, to be cured. Now, my head
hasn't a pimple on it, and my hair is growing
splendidly. ADA C. HARRELL,
Feb. 21, 1898. 880 Grand St., Jersey City, N. J.
I was troubled with dandruff so that it made
my hair fall out bo bad, I got discouraged. I
purchased a box of Cutictra (ointment; and a
cake of Ccticcra Soap. The former I rubbed
well into the scalp twice a week, and then
shampooed with warm water and agood lather
of Ci'tiocra Soap once a week. My hair is
growing out thick once more, and free from
terrible dandruff. Miss ADA JAYE3,
Feb. 20, "98. 82 Webster Aye., Chelsea, Mass
I had a bad scalp humor, and thought I
would go frantic with Itohiag. I lost consid-
erable of my hair (of which I had an abun
dance, and was very proud). I tried several
remedies but they failed. 1 tried Cuticcra
Soap, relief immediate, and itching is com-
pletely gone. Mrs. M. jn>AX,
Feb. 20/98. aMHallidajrSt., Jersey City, N. J.
LUXURIANT LUSTROUS HAIR
with a clean, wholesomo scalp, free from Irritat-
ing and scaly eruptions, is produced by warm
shampoos with Cuticura Soap, followed by light
dresaiogs with CtmcURA, purest of emollient
■kin cares. They clear the scalp and hair of
cmttts, pcales, and dandruff, destroy microscopic
luseots which feed on the hair, soothe Irritated,
ItehiDg surfaces, stimulate the batr follicles, and
supply the roots with energy and nourishment.
Sold throughout the world. Pottib Dnva ardCbim.
Coar •• Sole Proa*., Boiton.
sjfr" Hew to Prvduc* Luxuriant Hsir," mailed fm.
KEROSENE SUFFICIENT TO
BLOW UP A WHOLE BLOCK
Astounding Case of Arson in the Mission — Mrs. Margaret Shields Wanted by
the Police for the Supposed Commission of the Crime — The Furniture
Had Been Removed in the Night and Fire Started in Two Places.
ONE of the clumsiest cases of arson
In the history of the city was
perpetrated about half-past 8
o'clock Sunday evening In the
two-story dwelling house at 201 Vir
ginia avenue, between Twenty-ninth
and Thirtieth streets. The bare facts
known at that time were published in
The Call of yesterday.
The first blaze was discovered by
William A. N. Ferguson, who was
visiting at the house of William A.
Ramsey across the street. Accompa
nied by Mrs. Ramsey he ran across
the way and at the foot of the back
basement stairs he found a burning
string of rags, soaked with coal oil
and leading up to and under the locked
kitchen duor. He extinguished the
ESQUEDA IS
FOUND HIDING
IN A GARRET
His Statement to Cap
tain Bohen.
DENIES ALL THE CHARGES
ACCUSES HIS WIFE OF HABIT
UAL DISSIPATION.
Says He Never Beat Her and Is at a
Loss to Know How She Came
by Her In
juries.
Miguel Esqueda, who is accused by his
wife of subjecting her to most inhuman
treatment and then attempting to murder
her In a most brutal manner, was arrest
ed last night by Officers McMahon, Freel
and Hall In the garret of a house at 15
John street.
He is a slight built man with a blonde
mustache and an ugly gleam In his eyes.
While he flatly denies all charges made
against him he is very chary about mak
ing any statements, and seems fearful of
committing himself. He speaks English
with a slight Spanish accent, and while
he answers all questions, will not vol
unteer any Information. He was married
about two years ago by Justice Carroll,
but has not lived regularly with his wife,
who, he claims, dissipated freely. The
last time he admits having seen her was
on the afternoon of the 18th at her room,
1317 Powell street. She was sick at the
time, but had plenty to eat.
The next he heard of her was when
the papers published her story. He then
went to the house of a friend, where ho
has been hiding ever since.
"I was married two years ago," he said
"but I have not lived regularly with my
wife. We quarreled at times, but I never
beat her. I have been working at my
trade as a pressman in various printing
offices, and she has been supporting her
self the greater portion of the time, but
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALX,, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1898.
flames and pulled out the rag, which
It was afterward discovered was at
tached to a large bucket of coal oil.
As Ferguson returned to the street
he met Mrs. Margaret Shields, the oc
cupant and supposed owner of the
building coming down Prospect place.
He told the woman that some one had
set fire to her house, and that he
would notify the police. Mrs. Shields
said: "Go get your man," and Fer
guson hurled away.
As soon as he departed Mrs. Shields
deliberately walked into th(> front door
of her home and in a moment there
was an explosion and burst of flame
that blew out the glass in the big bay
window and started a furious fire.
A curious phase of the case is the
fact that Mrs. Shields was not seen to
leave the house, and It was at first
supposed that she had lost her life.
However, she had made her escape
through the back yard.
The flames were extinguished after
damaging the building to the extent
of about $500. .
Upon examining the premises It was
found that In addllton to the bucket
of oil in the kitchen there were -two
five-gallon cans in the parlor, one of
which had exploded; another in the
back parlor with the faucet turned on
and another in the back bedroom with
a hole cut in it. The floors of all the
lower rooms had been saturated with
the oil and an old bed t -lounge in the
basement similarly treated. With so
much of the inflammablo fluid exposed
If she needed money I would have given
It to her.
"The statement that she had $700 is
false, as la also the story that I used to
go and collect her wages before we were
married. 1 used to call and see her in
the kitchen of the house where she
worked, but she never gave me money.
"About three months ago she left me
and went to work with a family on Van
Ness avenue, and the next time I saw her
was on the Bth of this month. I met her
on Pacific street, and we went to North
Beach and had several drinks together.
She had Intended to sue me for divorce,
but that afternoon she said she would
MIGUEL ESQUEDA.
drop the case. We were together several
duys after that, drinking all the time.
"On the 16th she came to the room with
a black eye and beaten all over, but she
would not tell me who did It. and I don't
know. I never beat her at any time, al
though she had me arrested* once, but
Judge Joachimsen dismissed the case."
While making his statement Esqueda
stopped the stenographer several times
and requested him to read over portions
of it, as he said he would hnve to tell
the story over again in court and wanted
to rwrnt-mher all 1»* said to avoid making
contradictory statroients.
Lurlino Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Lark In sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt waterdlrect from ocean.
Military Review on. Saturday.
'me executive committee of the Moth
er's Club of the Army and Navy Chrlo
It is a wonder that the building was
saved. Had the fire occurred in the
early morning hours it is very prob
able there would have been loss of life
in the adjoining dwellings.
"It is the boldest, clumsiest and
most deliberate case that has ever
come under my observation," said
Fire Marshal Towe yesterday. "Why,
this woman Shields had enough kero
sene In the house to blow up the block,
and it was not her fault that such
a catastrophe did not happen. Fur
thermore, she exposed the lives of tho
people in the adjoining houses. "We
iln<l that she had the furniture in
sured for $1000. The house was being
purchased from a building and loan
association, and was insured in favor
of the latter for 11500.
"The motive for the crime lies in
tho fact tha; tne furniture, with the
exception of about $25 worth, had been
removed some time Saturday night.
A fine mahogany mantel was also car
ried away. So if the building had been
completely destroyed the woman could
have collected the $1000 and still
have had her property. Furthermore,
she owed everybody around that
neighborhood, and was about to be
sued for the payment of street assess
ments. So the case is plain enough.
""We will locate the woman readily,
but want to find her young compan-
lon, a girl known as 'Llllie, 1 who left
the house' late Saturday evening car
rying a large bundle. She knows all
about this affair, and will do well to
put in an appearance and give up her
information."
The grown daughter, Julia Shields,
went to Stockton several days ago,
and her brother John followed on Sat
urday. He saw Marshal Towe yester
day morning and said the property
was his— that he had paid $1700 of the
purchase price of $Soi\i. When asked
why he went to Stockton the nißht the
furniture was removed, he explained
that he "went to pay hts sister's board
bill." Shields then departed In search
of his mother, promising to return
shortly, but had not put In an appear
ance late yesterday afternoon.
Ferguson and Mrs. Ramsay, who
epoke to Mrs. Shields at the time of
the fire, say that she was dazed — ap
parently drunk or crazy.
Among the property destroyed was a
new piano, upon which no payments
had been mnrle, and which belonged
to a local music dealer.
John Shields was located by Detec
tive Fitzgerald last night. The young
man says he considers his mother de
mented and is willing to assist the
oltlcers to find her. The police are also
looking for Mrs. Lillian Muller, who
lived with Mrs. Shields and is sup
poa <1 to know something about the
case.
tian Commission and a committee of one
hundred ladies will meet at the associa
tion parlors, Mason and Ellis streets this
morning at 10:3U o'clock to prepare for
their part in the programme In receiving
the officers and men next Saturday after
noon at the Presidio athletic grounds A
band 'concert preceding t.ie drill will be
fiven by the regimental bands of the
wentieth Kansas, Fifty-first lowa and
First Tennessee regiments at 1:30 o'clock.
The drill proper will commence propmtly
at 2:30 o'clock.
KARSSA 'S PRETTY DAUGHTER.
The Old Syrian Fears She Will Be
Abducted.
The old trouble in the Syrian colony
has Ftarted out afresh, and yesterday
Joseph Rahy was arrested on complaint
of Abdullah Karssa on the charge of dis
turbing the peace. H© was released on
bonds.
Karssa has a pretty daughter, 18 years
of age, and when swearing to the com
plaint he said that Rahy and others were
trying to abduct the girl. Sunday he met
Rahy on Second and Natoma streets, near
his house, and Rahy, after abusing him,
put his hand in his hip pocket as if to
draw a revolver. •
Rahy denied making the threatening
motion, but admitted that he had some
hot words with Karssa, as Karssa had
been calling him offensive names and he
dared the old man to fight him.
"The fact is," said Rahy. "the girl
wants to get married, but her father is
opposed to it, as ue wants h^r to make
money for him by going into the coun
try peddling his wares. That Is the
whole cause of the trouble. I have known
her since we were children tog-ether, and
she looks upon me as a brother. The idea
of any one wanting to abduct her Is ab
surd."
TTpset the Testimony.
The Supreme Court has reversed the
Judgment of the lower court of Riverside
County in the case of John F. Milner, con
victed of killing S. J. Darrah, on the
ground that the court erred in admitting
certain testimony of n physician, the tes
timony being more expert than relating
to facts.
Darrah sold some land to Milner, the
Hollar reservin" water rights and certain
rights of way over the land. These con
sidrrations were the cause of several dis
putes, resulting in Milner using a shotgun
on Darrah with deadly effect.
In the Divorce Courts.
L.lla Brennan has been granted a di
vorce from Daniel J. Brennan on the
ground of cruelty. Mrs. Brennan was
given alimony in the sum of $20 monthly.
Margaret M. Huron has sued William F.
Baron for a divorce, alleging failure to
provide as a cause of action.
Willie Lynch Better.
The condition of little Willie Lynch, al
leged to have been injured by Policeman
Kenville on Friday evening, has improved
and there is a chance of his ultimate re
covery. The polico have collected a num
bor or statements of eye-witnesses of the
affair.
A HOT TIME
EXISTS AMONG
POLICE JUDGES
Low and Mogan Have
a Very Lively Tilt.
EACH CRITICIZES THE OTHER
CAUSE OF TROUBLE, REFUSAL
TO ISSUE WARRANTS.
The Grand Jury May Be Asked to
Straighten Matters Out and
Stop the Annoyance to
the Public.
The atmosphere around the Police
Courts Is surcharged with war spirit, and
at any moment there may be an explo
sion that will have dire results to the
Judges.
There has been friction among the offi
cials for some time as to the issuing of
warrants. Judge Mogan has had more
than his share of them, and the refusal
Saturday to sign the warrant in the Falk
diseased meat case was owing to that
fact. Judge Joachimsen was absent yes
terday, and as neither Judge Low nor
Judge Conlan would take the case Mo
gan agreed to do so.
Yesterday Joseph Platz, a plumber at j
262 a Pine street, applied to Assistant Pros- [
ecuting Attorney Mann of Judge Mogan's !
court for the arrest of some boys who !
had annoyed him by ringing his door bell
and breaking his windows. Mann, after ■
listening to Platz' story, declined to is
sue a warrant, as in his opinion no crime ;
had been committed, and he did not be- '■■
lieve in arresting small boys anyhow on
such frivolous charges.
Platz then went to Judge Low and
when the Judge learned that Mann had
refused to issue the warrant he advised [
Platz to take the matter b^ore the Grand
Jury, and he would assist him all in his ;
power.
"it Is time this thing was stopped," said |
the Judge. "Mann tanes all the big cases |
and when a paltry case comes up he
shoves it upon me. Judge Mogan sits
swelling his chest out as he surveys his
crowded court because he gets the impor
tant cases. Ills warrant clerk has no I
right to be in my clerk's oftice anyhow.
He was sent there so as to allow Judge
Mogan to have chambers. I am a Judge
much longer than he and I have to be
without cnambers."
Judge Mogan was very much surprised
when informed of Judge L/OW's outburst,
saying:
"It ill becomes one Judge to criticize
the other in his absence, i suppose that
Judge .Low sees defeat staring him in the i
face at the coming election and that is
the only reason why he should go out of ;
his way to throw a slur at me. If he and
the other Judges would do as much work
as I, they would have some reason to i
complain. 1 am here from ten in the ■
morning till late every' afternoon and
have had some night sessions. I have a
Jury trial every afternoon till October 3 |
and my calendar is full with other cases.
I am a public servant, sworn to do my i
duty and It la to the public I shall look
for a criticism of my work and not to
Judge Low."
Almost every day men have to go
from court to court asking for a warrant
and unless it is stopped the Grand Jury
will be appealed, to and. the blame placed
upon the proper shoulders.
WANT MOPS AND PRUNES.
Germany's Crops Have Failed and
California's Are in Demand.
J. A. Fllcher, manager of the State ■
Board of Trade, has received a letter I
from one of his correspondents, Carl Old
ach, of Hamburg, Germany, which con
tains considerable information that Cali
fornia farmers may well heed. Mr. Old
ach states that the prune crop of nearly
every district in Germany is a practical
failure. The California drjed prune is in
great demand and the prices are good.
He states that if the surplus of the crop
of this State is sent to Kurope he is
sure that the producers will be well re- j
warded.
The writer gives the details and ruling '
prices, which show that this kind or
fruit is almost a luxury in the realm of
the Kaiser. As Mr. Oldach is in the com
mission business and desires to Increase
his California business, Mr. Filcher places
the greatest confidence in what he says.
The same writer also gives valuable in- i
formation as to the condition of the hop j
production in Germany. He says that,
like the prunes the crop in nearly every
district in the German empire has proved
to be a failure. His remarks lead to the
belief that Germany alone would be a fine
market for all of this product that the
States of California, Oregon and Wash
ington could spare.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Important
Questions
for Men
to Answer:
Do you feel weak?
Have you backache?
Do you shun society?
Are you losing 'flesh?
Do you sleep poorly?
Are you low-spirited?
Are your eyes sunken?
Do you have hot flashes?
Are you easily exhausted?
Is your memory Impaired?
Do you have sick headache?
Is there nausea after eating?
Do your hands and feet Bweat?
Has the brightness left your eye«?
Do you feel that you are unfit to marry T
Dr. Meyers & Co. have been a success for
seventeen years. They have cured and restored
thousands of cases which have been abandoned
as being past all earthly aid by other leading
j physicians. They have the largest practice and
the best equipped medical institution In Amer-
ica. Their prices and terms are reasonable.
Every member of the staff is a graduate from
the best medical colleges In the world. All
have had years of experience In hospitals and
In private practice before they commenced their
successful careers aa specialists. They offer
you the belt remedies, methods and appliances
and half a lifetime of practical experience.
Consultation and advice, also private
book, free at office or by mail.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Hourt, 8 to 13 dally.
TAKE ELETATOR. Evenings. 7 to 8.
Sundays, S to 11.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DIRECT IMPORTATIONS
Ladies' Underwear,
Hosiery and Corsets.
Our first shipments in Underwear, Hosiery and Corsets
having arrived, give us absolutely the finest assortment In
these departments for the Sail and winter on the Pacific Coast.
LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S UNDERWEAR.
TKp 150 dozen BOYS' HEAVY. GRAY -MERINO VESTS, in all
* JV " sizes; retail price 50c each; will be sold' at 25c.
XA r 100 dozen CHILDREN'S ALL WOOL. CAMEL'S HAIR
VESTS; extra fine quality; usual price 65c 'to' 85c each for
different sizes, will be cleaned .out at 50c each. • .
r 100 dozen LADIES' EXTRA HEAVY JERSEY RIBBED
AJtl VESTS AND DRAWERS at 25c each.
7Kp 125 dozen LADIES' GRAY ALL. WOOL VESTS with ribbed
* *■**'• ends; also Drawers to match, in all sizes, worth $1 each,
will be on sale at 75c.
Cl (\(\ 100 dozen LADIES' NATURAL ALL WOOL VESTS, fine
vpi»W» and heavy weights, suitable for winter wear, good value
51 50 each, will be on sale at $1. . '■ ■
- ' . .
HOSIERY DEPARTMENT.
|C r lottdozen CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK EXTRA HEAVY
ivJC COTTON HOSE, double heels and soles, narrow ribs, in all
sizes, worth $3 dozen, will be sold for 15e pair:
|K r 175 dozen BOYS' FAST BLACK EXTRA HEAVY BICYCLE
i jk,* RIBBED HOSE, in all sizes, suitable for rough usage, good
value for 25c, will be offered at 15c.
fyif 200 LADIES' FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE, with extra
s * v*v * heavy heels and soles, usual price $2 50 dozen, will be sold at
12MtC pair. .
l^Jr 300 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE in plain
*"' 1 " black, Richelieu ribs and black with white and split feet,
at 25c pair.
500 150 dozen LADIES' LISLE THREAD HOSE in plaids, black
• bottoms, with colored tops and fancy stripes,' at 50c pair.
SPECIAL CORSETS.
At 5O Cents. .
100 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, leading brand, made of French coutil,
well bound and two side steels, perfect fitting (drab only) reg-
ular price $1, will be sold for 50c.
At ®1. 00.
75 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, in black sateen, long -waist, two side
steels, embroidered in silk and French edging; regular price $1 50,
will be sold for $1.
At SI.SS.
B0 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, made of French sateen, Venus back,
single bone strip, silk flossed, perfect fitting, regular price $2, will be
sold for SI 25. .
At 51.50.
B0 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, made of imported sateen, well boned,
long waist, perfect fitting, black silk flossed, regular price S2 50,
will be sold for $1 50. . •
Goods will be found exactly as represented.
If not, money refunded or groods exchanged.
(Flw Market, Jones and McAllister S&, /
\r \J? San Francisco* /
i^^DR. BALL'S REINVIGORATOR
i&jJSTlifiao Five hundred reward (or any ca.-^e
•awa ■"*§; we cannot cure. This secret remedy
3 H stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
>SS3[ IBS Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele,
■jjT {vTfl - ' n ' jrrtloea Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
smßm Hal Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
WBlHsßiy fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
«2f2!2S£2!j sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles. $5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDIC IN-
6TITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073% Market St., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
HOW TO DISTILL WATER
Address for circular,
WIESTER &. CO.
17 New Montgomery St. San Francisco
KEEP THE WELL, WELL. .
•
"I suspect that. I may attribute my recent headaches to
doing so much . night-work of late," said a. lady who earns her
own living. " I had an order to address a large number of en-
velopes and as I was paid by the thousand and others wanted
; the work, too, I sat up pretty late and perhaps worked in a room
not so well ventilated as it might be. As a consequence I have
more than . once had a headache the next day. I have found,
however, that if vl swallow a Ripails Tabule just as soon as I
. have a premonition of the trouble, it staves it off and I escape
«cot free. That is why I say that Ripans Tabules are a medicine
lor well people, for lam certainly a healthy woman, but I use the
Tabules now and then and would not like to be without them.**
A ntm style pocket cmtsuninar m t*bctj« In a paw fmrfon twlthcmt fflaM) U now for sale w- iome dra|
Jcro«-Tts» nre cimto. %1» loir-pric*d sort fa tntocdixl fortba poor and i2io eoonomicaJ. ■ Onodozm oltbl
- &T«-(xnt CM-tona (;."0 taint)*) can b« hM by mail by arndlnir urty-eixtat c«c» to tho lUpa* 3 CHEKKUbUH*
**«ra. U9. v ftnrtto ScmM. tow York— or i riaslq s^r^rv CTK TtJSII -*B wUTb* tor tn oeate
o op 0000 00 0.9 00000 a
o w PALACE wg
g GRAND -HOTBLia o
V SAlf. FRANCISCO. . Q
jf Connected by a covered passageway. - ~*
j» UOO Room9^9op With Bath Attached. O
O AH Under Ona • Management. O
0 NOTE THE PRICSS: Q
0 European Plan: .00 per day and upward^
American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward <•*
0 Correspondence Solicited. 0
q JOHN C. KIEKPATRIOK, M»n»^»r. Q
aQQoeooooooaoooooa