VOLUME LXXKIT.-NO 90.
BELIEVES HE SAW THE
DEATH PACKAGE POSTED
A STRANGE
MEETING AT
THE FERRY
J. E. Fennessee Is a
New Witness in the
Dunning Case.
Detective McVey Outlines
the Object of His Trip
to This City.
The mevements of Mrs. Cordelia Bot
kin, accused of the horrifying murder
of Mrs. J. P. Dunnine and Mrs. J. D.
li)ea ne, are being traced in this city as
were those of Theodore Durrant. An
. .other witness, and one of vital moment
in the case, has come forward and is
: .. ready to stand the best of identifica
tion. This witness is J. E. Fennessee,
:■.;;.' who believes that on August 4 he saw
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin mail a box that
In size and general appearance resem
: bltd a box of candy. Fennessee is pos
itive in his assertions. He recites in-
cidents that explain his ir 'Test in the
matter, and in a plausible way explains
why he took particular interest In the
actions of a woman who was unknown
to him. He details an incident that
may be of the utmost value in the
struggle that Mrs. Botkin must make
. for her life, as he carries the chain of
incriminating evidence from Stockton
to this city.
If Fennessee is not Tossly in error
he saw Mrs. Botkin deposit at the ferry
postal station in thi? city a box such as
was opened by the unfortunate women
at Dover. Fennessee is a slightly built,
clean shaven, dark complexioned young
man employed at the Philadelphia shoe
store. He is nervous of manner, quick
of speech and evidently weighted with
a sense of the responsibility of appear
ing as the accuser of one so seriously
conditioned as Mrs. Botkin. The young
man lives at 666 Sixth street. Oakland
and returns daily to his home at 6
In the evening:.' He has seldom
Occasion to go into the postal station in
the ferry depot, and that is why he re
members so clearly the incident of
August 4.
About fifteen minutes before 6 o'clock
on that day, he cays, he went to the
postal station on some business con
nected with the Manila mails. As he
hastened into the station he met and
almost jostled a woman who was on
the point of depositing a package in the
receptacle for parcels. Fennessee step
ped to one side and would have paid
no further attention to the incident had
the woman not showed evident signs
of uneasiness and annoyance.
She seemed to be disturbed that any
one should have so interrupted her.
Her actions at once attracted Fennes
see and excited his curiosity. He noted
the woman and her dress and noticed
the box that had been dropped into the
mail. The woman, he declares, an
swers the published descriptions of
Mrs. Botkin. The box, he says, looked
as if it might be a box of candy such
as .dealers sell for 50 cents.
When the murders at Dover were bo
extensively exploited and Mrs. Botkin
was placed under arrest Fennessee re
called the incident at the ferry postal
Btation. He recognized in the picture
of Mrs. Botkin that of the mysterious
woman he had seen at the ferry. He
compared dates and recalled the fact
that he had seen the woman on the
very day and at the very hour that the
poisoned box of candy was mailed from
the ferry postal station In this city.
The postmark on the box completed the
series of coincidences and Fennessee
decided to'glve his information and his
opinions to the authorities. He called
last night at police headquarters and
made a detailed statement of what he
knew. He offered to test the ac
curacy of what be believed to be true
by trying to Identify Mrs. Botkin.
He was not permitted to do this,
however, as the local police do not care
to attempt a verification of any evi
dence they possess until the Dover de
tective arrives and supplies the evi
dence which is so necessary to the pros
ecution of Mrs. Botkin. No one has
been permitted yet to see Mrs. Botkin
McVEY TALKS OF HIS MISSION.
The Delaware Detective Hopes to
Strengthen the Case Against
Mrs. Botkin,
RENO, Aug. 28.— A Call correspondent boarded the westbound over
land at Wadsworth at 1:30 to-night and found McVey. the detective from
Delaware, who is en route to San Francisco with "papers for the extradi
tion of Mrs. Cordelia Botkln, snugly ensconced in the Pullman car Or
rous. It was late and Mr. McVey had retired for the night.
Upon being routed out he flatly refused to exhibit the papers or evi
dence he had in his possession. He had been warned by San Francisco offi
cers to beware of reporters, and was cautious about talking of the object
of his trip across the continent. He said: "The result of taking about
the evidence I have would probably interfere with, if not defeat, one of
the objects of my coming to th° Pacific Coast.
"I have what I believe to be very important evidence in the case. I
know nothing aoout the legal points involved in the extradition proceed
ings. My only hope is to stregtnen the case against Mrs. Botkin by ad
ding, combining and comparing what evidence I have to and with what
the San Francisco officials have gathered."
McVey expects to meet Detective Gibson of San Francisco at Colfax
to-morrow morning. His <>lans beyond that have not been definitely
shaped and will depend largely upon Gibson's advice.
The San Francisco Call
ANOTHER PROBABLE LINK FORGED IN THE CHAIN.
J. E. Fennessee Relates How He Saw a Mysterious Woman Mail a Box
at the Ferry on the Afternoon of August 4.
Another important incident in the Dunning case, if Mrs. Botkin is identified as the principal, has come to light. John E. Tennessee,
a younff man well known in this city and Oakland, dictates the following details of a remarkable occurrence which may have an important
cusness and the fact that she retraced her steps when I stepped in front of her seems rather strange.
I have not seen Mrs. Botkin since she was arrested. I have never been acquainted with her.
Captain Bohen intimated to me that I would be called upon to see if I could identiiy the woman under arrest, and informed me that
he would send for me when he wanted me. I have thought over the incident of that day, and I am positive of the hour and the minute. In
my statement to Captain Bohen I use the expression ''side-stepped the lady." I mean by that that I stepped in front of her, thereby imped
ing her movements to the parcel drop.
and support their suspicions and beliefs
by identification of the woman. Until
this is done the authorities here will
not express an opinion on the value of
any of the testimony that has been
offered. Fennessee's offering remains
therefore in the condition that all oth
ers are: they must be verified before
they are accepted as the truth.
All of the testimony thus far sub
mitted is based upon the generally un
satisfactory element of the identifica
tion of the woman by people who do
not claim to know her and have no
very strong reason to recall incidents
that are vital to the case. If the de
tectives succeed in tracing the box of
poisoned candy to the Stockton store
the Identification of the various wit
nesses will then become of grave im
portance. As the proof now stands
Mrs. Botkin is supposed to have been
seen at the Stockton store. The box of
candy was mailed in this city and an
other witness claims to have seen the
accused woman at the ferry postofflce
in this city.
The attorneys for Mrs. Botkin will
employ every legal artifice to prevent
her being taken to Delaware. The
lawyers do not relish a trial at Dover
for many reasons. The Eastern au
thorities have displayed so vigorous an
interest in the case that the accused
woman may expect nothing more than
the severest Justice. The evidence
against her is gradually increasing,
and a trial at Dover will mean tremen
dous expense. The woman's attorneys
have practically given up all hope of
escaping some sort of a trial either in
this State or in Delaware.
If the prosecution can be forced to
hold the trial in this State the burden
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, AUGUST 29, 1898.
of expense will be shifted to the shoul
ders of the prosecution. It will cost a
great deal of money to bring witnesses
across the continent and to maintain
here the machinery of prosecution that
may perhaps be better utilized in Dela
ware.
For these reasons extradition will be
bitterly contested. Most of the impor
tant evidence against the accused
woman is at Dover. The defense rec-
THE VICTIMS OF THE POISONER'S PLOT.
ognizes this fact and will act accor
dingly. The local authorities, under
these conditions, have outlined their
policy and will permit no delay to act
ati an Interference. In the first place
the District ' Attorney and the police
of candy. I remember she was a weil-formea -woman of medium height.
I also noticed that she was very nervous in her actions.
When I first saw the lady she nad the package under her l«ft arm,
and her right hand was on the package she was about to mail. She had
on a wrap which came nearly to her elbow and partially hid the box.
The wrapper on the package, as nearly as I can remember, was of me
dium light color. I saw her deposit that parcel at exactly fifteen, min
utes to 6.
I am positive of my assertion because Thursday is the only night of
the week I have off, and is the only night I am down at the fenry at
that hour. I cannot write out a positive description of the lady, but I
am confident that I would recognize her if I saw her again. Through
reading in the papers the details of the Dunning poisoning case, the
incident was recalled to my mind, and then when I saw the date of
August 4 as the day o mailing the package from San Francisco I re
membered the nervousness of the woman and the recollection became
forceful. Now that I recall the occurrence, the woman's apparent nerv-
wish the trial to take place at Dover.
If it Is found that there is no law un
der which the woman may be extra
dited the trial will be held here. If
the extradition law Is construed liter
ally it seems that Mrs. Botkin cannot
be extradited. She has not fled from
Delaware and the law specifically de
clares that she must have fled from the
State In order to be returned there for
trial.
In on effort to overcome this diffl-<»>^
culty the District Attorney and the«»
police will seek to construe the statutes
liberally and to carry the meaning that«>
the woman has fled from the justice of <S>
Delaware, .Wliile she waa never In the
bearing on the fate of the woman
now under arrest.
My business hours are from 8 a.
m. to 9 p. m. Every Thursday even
ing is my evening off. On that day
I leave the store at about 5:35 p. m.
On the first Thursday in August,
which was August 4, I left the store
at the usual time. I boarded a car at
Third and Market at 5:35 and ar
rived at the ferry about eighteen
minutes to 6. While looking for a
friend who lives in Sausalito, I
neared the Tiburon. ferry entrance.
On my return to the Oakland en
trance I stopped to inquire at the
Ferry postoffloe what date the next
steamer sailed for Manila,
I had friends in the First Cali
fornia Regiment in Manila, and I
wished to write to them.
As I approached the letter drop I
side-stepped a lady who was walk
ing toward the parcel drop. She im
mediately turned and walked about
a dozen steps to her left. On finish
ing my inquiry and resuming my
course toward the Oakland ferry this
lady quickly retraced her steps and
deposited in the parcel drop a pack
age about the size of a four-bit box
State, they say she has outraged the
Justice of the State and In that sense
hes fled from It. There Is little hope,
however, that such i construction will
be accepted. The question is not, how
ever, one of immediate moment, as Mrs.
Botkin will be arrested every time she
is released. This process must have
an end and It can only be by trying- the
woman here.
The Police Court proceedings will
then be commenced or the State will
secure an indictment which will take
the matter into the Superior Court at
once. Mrs. Botkin is still reticent in
her quarters at the City Prison, She
finds It necessary to resort to the fre
quent use of a stimulant, as the strain
upon her nerves is evidently severe.
She declines to speak of the merits of
her case and Is confining her thoughts
at present to the technical phases of
her defense.
PREPARING THE JAIL
FOR MRS. BOTKIN
The Dover Officials Getting Beady
for the Trial of the Al
leged Poisoner.
WILMINGTON, Del., Aug. 28.— 1t Is pro
posed to hold a special session of the
Kent County Court in November to try
the case against Mrs. Botkin if she can be
brought here before that time. Officials
deny that she will be kept at a hotel.
Preparation has been made for her at
the Dover jail. Attorney General White
will to-morrow send new requisition pa
pers made out In the name of "Cordelia"
Instead of "Adelaide C. Botkin." He will
also Bend affidavits containing the evi
dence of Important Delaware witnesses.
LASTING PEACE
THE END SOUGHT
BY RUSSIA'S CZAR
Nicholas Appeals to AH European
Powers to Join in a Con
ference.
Believes the Time Is Ripe for a Reduction of
the Arn)aments Now Crushing
tfye Nations.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 28.— 8y order of Emperor Nich
olas, Count Muravieff, the Foreign Minister, on the 24th instant
handed to the foreign diplomats at St. Petersburg a note declar
ing that the maintenance of peace and the reduction of the exces
sive armaments now crushing all nations is the ideal for which all
Governments ought to strive.
The Czar considers the present moment favorable for the
inauguration of a movement looking to this end, and inv;ites the
powers to take part in an international conference as a means of
thus insuring real and lasting peace and terminating the progres
sive increase of armament.
LONDON, Aug. 28.— The Czar's prop
osition for an international conference
for the purpose of securing real and
lasting peace among the powers, and
the termination of the progressive in
crease in armaments, as conveyed in a
note from Count Muraiff, the Russian
Foreign Minister, to the foreign diplo
mats at St. Petersburg, is likely to nro
duce a sensation throughout Europe,
and. coming from such a quarter and
with such evident sincerity of purpose,
it is likely to have important effects.
There is no doubt that with Russia
taking the lead in such a step, Ger
many, France and the other nations
will be ready to follow.
The text of the note follows:
"The maintenance of general peace
and the possible reduction of the ex-
CZAR NICHOLAS of Russia, Who Now Favors Universal Peace.
cesslve armaments which weigh upon all
nations present themselves in existing
conditions to the whole world as an
ideal toward which the endeavors of
all good governments should be di
rected. The humanitarian and mag
nanimous ideas of his Majesty, the Em
peror, my august master, have been
won over to these views in the convic
tion that this lofty aim is in conformity
with the most essential interests and
legitimate views of all the powers; and
the imperial Government thinks the
present moment would be very favor
able to seeking the means.
"International discussion is the most
effectual means of insuring — to all peo
ple's benefit — a real, durable peace,
above all putting an end to the progres
sive development of the present arma
ments.
"In the course of the last twenty
years the longing: for general appease
ment has grown especially pronounced
in the consciences of civilized nations;
and the preservation of peace has been
put forward as an object of interna
tional policy. It is in its name that
great states have concluded among
themselves powerful alliances.
"It Is better to guarantee peace that
they have developed In proportions
hitherto unprecedented their military
forces and still continue to Increase
them, without shrinking from any sac
rifice.
"Nevertheless, all these efforts have
not yet been able to bring about the
beneficent result desired — pacification.
"The financial charges following the
upward march strike at the very root
of public prosperity. The intellectual
and physical strength of the nation's
labor and capital are mostly diverted
from their natural application and are
unproductlvely consumed. Hundreds
of millions are devoted to acquiring
terrible engines of destruction, which,
though to-day regarded as the last
work of science, are destined to-mor
row to lose all their value in conse
quence of some fresh discovery in the
same field. National culture, econ
omic progress and the production of
wealth are either paralyzed or checked
in development. Moreover, la proper
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
tion as the armaments of each power
increase the less and less they fulfill
the object the governments have set
before themselves.
"The economic crisis, due In great
part to the system of armaments l'out
rance, and the continual danger which
lies in this massing of war material.
are transforming the armed peace of
our days into a crushing burden which
the peoples have more and more dif
flcutly. In bearing.
"It appears evident that If this state
of things were to be prolonged It would
inevitably lead to the very cataclysm
it is desired to avert and the horrors
whereof make every thinking being
shudder in advance.
"To put an end to these Incessant
armaments and to seek the means of
warding off the calamities which are
threatening the whole world — such is
the supreme duty to-day imposed upon
all states.
"Filled with this idea, his Majesty
has been pleased to command me to
propose to all the governments whose
representatives are accredited to the
imperial court, the assembling of a
conference which shall occupy itself
with this grave problem.
"This conference will be, by the help
of God, the happy presage for the cen
tury which is about to open. It would
converge into one powerful focus the
efforts of all states sincerely seeking
to make the great conception of uni
versal peace triumph over the elements
of trouble and discord, and it would at
the same time cement their agreement
by a corporate concentration of the
principles whereon rest the security of
states and the welfare of peoples."
SUPPORT OF GERMANY
MAY HAVE BEEN PLEDGED
Czar's Proposal Believed to Have
Been Submitted to the Kaiser
in Advance.
LONDON, Aug. 28.— The Times' cor
respondent in St. Petersburg says:
"The proposal for a conference, which
was made by the Czar on Wednesday
through the medium of foreign Ambas
sadors at St. Petersburg, has been
kept profoundly secret until to-day at
the express wish of Count Muravleff,
the Foreign Minister, so that it might
be first promulgated on the day of the
unveiling of the monument in the
Kremlin to Alexander 11.
"There is reason to believe that it
formed the object of communication
between the courts of St. Petersburg
an^l Berlin some time previously, and
in all probability the support of Ger
many, at least, was secured in ad
vance.
"Russia, with her chronic famines
and her large enterprises in the far
Bast to provide for out of a budget
which is being drawn upon more and
more each year for materials of .war In2
order to keep pace with the other pow
ers, must naturally feel the want of in
ternational co-operation in her present
policy of peace and in economical de
velopment."
ENGLAND APPROVES,
BUT HAS MISGIVINGS
London Press Doubts the Efficacy of
the Plan, Yet Admits Its
Merit.
LONDOIS, Aug. 29.— The Daily
Graphic this morning, referring to the
proposal of Emperor Nicholas, says: "It
woul be idle to attempt to ignore the
many and grave difficulties standing
in the way of the attainment of the
Czar's wishes: but it cannot be possible
to doubt the sincerity of the magnani
mous proposal."
The Standard says, speaking editori
ally of the Czar's proposal: "In
England, at least, respect and sym
pathy will be felt for the pro
posal. It — is a conception • well
worthy of the young sovereign. It is
painfully obvious that there are enor
mous difficulties to be overcome which
it is possible the Czar in his ardor and
humane enthusiasm has not maturely
considered. It is a vision which has
occr red to many minds; but has al
ways had to be dismissed as a mere
dream. The nations are not likely to
cast away the sword unless they have
a better warrant than paper protocols
and conventions. Moreover, the mo
ment does not seem altogether propiti
ous. New armed nations are arising in
Asia and America whom it might not
be easy to convince of the safety and
desirability of abandoning the" enter
prises on which they have embarked
with so much energy."
Enumerating the many obstacles to
the attainment of the object sought,
the Standard suggests that the Czar
has the matter largely in his own
hands, adding: "If ' Russia would
abandon her aggressive policy in China
and elsewhere, the era of universal
peace would be perceptibly nearer."
The Times says editorially: "The
note breathes a spirit of generous, per
haps, indeed, almost quixotic human
ity — a spirit familiar in the effusions
of visionaries, but too seldom found in
the utterances of great sovereigns and
responsible statesmen.
"Never, perhaps, in modern history,
have aspirations which good men in all
ages have regarded as at once ideal
and unattainable found so responsive
an echo in the councils of one of the
greatest and most powerful of the
world's rulers. In principle, the pro
posals of the Czar, put forth on a sol
emn occasion with every mark of dis
interested sincerity, will command the
sympathy and respect of all men of
good will. So far as Great Britain is
concerned, we long ago abandoned
Continental ambitions, and there is no
power in the world which has less to
gain or more to lose by any disturb
ance of existing territorial status quo.
"The time has long gone by when
British commerce could be made to
flourish in and by means of war. The
greatest of our interests is peace, and
so sensitive is our world-wide com
merce that even rumors often do us
more injury than war might do to a
power less dependent than is Great
Britain on a free interchange >with the
whole world of manifold products of
its native industries.
Russia, who has also a great, but
still undeveloped, industrial future be- j
fore her, becoming fully convinced as •
we in England have long been, that her !
resources are better devoted to the ]
beneflcents of arts of peace than the j
destructive uneconomic energies of |
war. Englishmen as essentially a ]
peace-loving people, can only hail the |
Czar's pronouncement with the utmost j
cordiality as glad tidings of great Joy,
which, whatever may be the practical
issue, does cast credit upon that sov
ereign's generous and lofty spirit and
humanity. The difficulties are great,
but nothing can henceforth deprive the
Czar of having brought peace and dis
armament in the sphere of practical
politics.
"It looks at present as though all the
great powers might be willing to enter
the conference. While the United States
might be expected to lend a favorable
ear to appeals tending in any degree
to lesson the weight of the imperial re
sposibility she is about to undertake
her industrial policy Is closely akin to
our own and her abiding interest in
the maintenance of peace is hardly less
vital."
The Daily Chronicle's Paris corre
spondent declares that the disarma
ment olive branch would have ema
nated from Emperor William in Jeru
salem, if the Czar's advisers, includ
ing perhaps M. Hanotaux, had not
forestalled the Emperor's project. Ed
itorially the Chronicle says:
"The Czar's encyclical is assuredly one
of the most striking documents of the
century. It could only have been more
dramatic if the Kaiser had Issued it
from the birthplace of the Prince of
Peace.
"Looking to the present attitude of |
Russia in the East, the proposal almost |
takes one's breath away. A cynical j
view is painfully oblivious. Russia has J
Just secured a series of vast territorial i
and diplomatic advantages which it will
take years to assimilate. She is 'face
to face with famine, a revolt of the
Poles is threatened and she is threat
ened by other powers, and there are
signs of a dissolution of the Russian-
French alliance. Happily the humani
tarian view is equally clear and con
vincing. The Czar, hitherto overborne
by veteran, obstinate advisers, has now
asserted his natural desires. He is one
of only two men who could make the
proposal without fear of being mis
understood. Great Britain and the
United States will certainly welcome
ih»* proposal. If another great power
does also much will be grained In the
desired direction."
Tho Daily Mail pays: "If the Czar
had not been the Emperor would surely
have been the dramatist. It is too much
to hope for the realization, but some
good ought to come of it in the way of
a better understanding of the powers "
The Daily Telegraph says: "The idea
Is so beautiful that we are reluctant to
throw cold water upon it, but. what is
to be the basis of discussion? A con
ference which should recognize that
free and open markets are for the ad
vantage of the civilized world would
indeed pave the way to universal
peace, but short of this, we fear the
gathering will prove abortive."
The Daily News says: "The Czar by
this message has acquired a mgri
righteous and enduring fame than be-
longs to the proudest conqueror of hjs,
illustrious house. There Is no quarter
from which such a manifesto would pro
duce a more profound impression. Hith
erto the great obstacle "was that nobody
would begin. The Czar cannot be sus
pected of making a virtue of necessity.
We shall hardly be wrong in attributing
the momentous policy to the Czar him
self. It is not the pen of Nlchoktfi, but
the doctrine of Cobden."
The Morning Post, discussing the dif
ficulties in the way of the proposal, ar
rives at the conclusion that It would
Kuit Russian needs and Russian designs
wonderfully well, but would not suit
England at all.
HOW THE MOVE IS
REGARDED IN ROME
ROME, Aug. 28.— The Csar's note has
made a profound Impression nere. Some
of the newspapers applaud, while others
greet the communication with reserve or
distrust.
The belief here ie that .the Czar first
obtained Austrian and German assent
to the conference. The papers admit
the extraordinary importance of the
document and pay tribute to the hu
manitarian motives. The Tribuna
thinks that German and Italy will con
sent, but France will disapprove of her
ally's action.
BITTERLY BEWAIL
WAR'S CAPRICES
Havana Papers Cling to
Spain.
DEMAND PEACE WITH HONOR
FIND COMFORT IN APPARENT
COMPLICATIONS.
Would Protect the srreat Wealth of
Spaniards on the Island With
the Last Drop of Cas
tilian Blood.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
HAVANA, Aug. 28.— Some recent
editorials In the Havana papers throw
interesting side lights on the situation.
La Union Constitucional said the other
day:
It is impossible now to conceal the fact
that within the last three months difficul
ties have been steadily arising between
the Americans and the insurgents here
and in the Philippines. News received of
late from different sources indicates that
these differences exist and will almost in
evitably terminate in a rupture. For in
stance, the Spanish officers who recently
arrived from Manzanlllo assert that the
rebels and Americans there used to fire
at each other daily from their respective
camps.
Spain's hatred toward her common ene
mies was for a long time of equal grade.
The different methods, however, employed
by the Americans had naturally had the
result of making Spain's hostility less to
ward them than toward the Cuban rebels.
The Americans ought, indeed, to be
ashamed of their allies, for they came to
Cuba ostensibly to aid the oppressed and
to secure them justice.
La Lucha, discussing the duty of
the Madrid Government, stated its
view in this wise:
Spain's sovereignty has not been repre
sented in Cuba by her land and aea forces
only. It has been represented also by
other factors and interests, which are
really the ones from which she has de
rived her strength and to which her at
tention has been primarily due. The first
obligation resting upon her in treating for
peace ia to protect the. great wealth of
those Spaniards and pro-Spanish natives
in Cuba who have been ths real element
of resistance against everything contrary j
to the integrity of Spanish territory. The !
honor of the army must, of course, be j
saved; but there are also the concerns of I
those, now representing at least 80 per
cent of Cuba's wealth, who, through all
the changing events, have continued loyal j
to Spain and still continue loyal. Spain's j
Government must bear in mind that none j
of the Spanish colonies has had a Span- j
ish population as large as Cuba'B or so i
many natives who have been faithful to i
Spain. In the Spanish colonies of former !
days — those that are now republics and
that were necessarily abandoned by her j
because of the efforts of the foreigner to j
conquer the peninsula itself— there was j
nothing Spanish, either in numbers or in !
wealth, to compare with what is Spanish
In numbers and wealth in Cuba to-day.
Therefore It follows that the Government,
in feeling about for a solution of the prea- i
ent problem, ought to try to abide by a \
course that would save, as far as possible, j
the great Interests created in Cuba by the
Spanish family.
El Diario de la Marine, reproducing
the editorial in El Imparcial, of Ma
drid, entitled "The World for the
Americans." which that paper pub
lished about the time war was de
clared, says:
The Monroe doctrine has been immense
ly extended among the Americans. Ther!
feel strong enough, perhaps, to change i
themselves from gold miners into con
querors. It is so handsome for these bar- I
barians of civilization to cry out, "The ]
•world for the Americana." To-day it Is j
against Spain that they apply the prin
ciple. To-morrow it will be any other |
European nation. There will always be a |
chance to test their pretensions. The
American invasion, so terrifying and as- |
toundlng, can only be checked by Euro- j
pean patriotism. But, alas, this patriot- I
fern is coming to an end; for it has seen
Spain unjustly trampled down in the
name of humanity.
La Union Constitucional, bitterly pro
testing against reports that peace is to
be concluded only after great territorial
sacrifices by Spain, says:
In the battlefield or in the lesson of a
peace treaty, in war and peace alike, let
us always be the same — genuine Span
iards. If, for the interest of our race and
for right's sake, it becomes necessary, let
us sacrifice everything to defend Spain's
honor until the last Spaniard has given
his "ie at the foot of the flag that waves
over El Morro. Thus we shall show that
we are willing to do our duty. Thus shall
we render a great service to Europe. If
the old world is to be made subordinate
to the new; if the citizens of the new
world are to impose their ambitions upon
the convenience of the civilized nations
of the old world; and if the old world ha 3
forgotten its most important interests
and Spain is to be abandoned in this Ti
tanic struggle, carried on with her
strength alone and with the sacrifice of
her sons; if this is to be our fate, then let
the period close in 'a hapny day on which
Spain shall lend her services to humanity.
EXPECTS RUSSIA TO
EXECUTE A RETREAT
Peking Correspondent Believes Eng
land's Show of Force Has Al
armed the Czar.
LONDOIs, Aug. 28.— The Dally Mall's
Peking correspondent says: "M. Pav
loff, the Russian Charge d'Affaires in
China, ■ who has been appointed Rus
sian Minister to Korea, will be succeed
ed by M. de Giers, who is at present ac
credited to Brazil. M. Pavloff's re
moval is generally attributed to Great
Britain's sudden change of policy, the
object of which was Ur impress Russia
with theadvisabllity of recognizing our
paramountcy in the Yang Tse Kiang
Valley.
"The Russian Government has been
quite in accord with Great Britain's de
sire to limit the matters of sphere of
influence, but when on last Thursday
it was asked permanently to respect
the integrity, of this sphere, It declined
to give any guarantee.' A pr6mpt de
monstration c-n the part of the Kritish
fleet in the Gulf of Pechili was a ready
answer to this equivocation.
"Now that Lord Salisbury has given
a plain indication of his plan of action,
it is not Improbable that Russia will
execute a masterly retreat from her
present position."
A dispatch to the Daily Mall from
Shanghai says it is reported there that
the Russians at New Chwanjj are try
ing to compel native owners of land
there to sell their holdings at absurdly
low prices, and that in co-nscquence of
this the Chinese are on the verge of an
anti-Russian outbreak. The local man
darins are, so to speak, between the
crossfires of the Russians and natives
and are helpless. _
ENGLISH INVESTORS WARNED.
Silver Party in America Still Potent
for Mischief.
LONDON, Aug. 29.— The Times this
morning devotes an editorial to the dis
cussion of the effects of the war upon
American commerce and trade. It thinks
that the present hopefulness of the
Americans in this respect is not unreas
onable, and says that, looking at the
marvelous expansion of exports, the con
traction of Imports and the movement of
American bonds homeward, there is irre
vocable evidence of the country's grow
ing wealth. The Times cautions English
investors, however, to remember that the
Bllver party in America is still potent for
mischief.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 29, 1898.
PANDO'S MISSION
LEADS TO A DUEL
Mistaken for a Thief in
the Night.
HE IS STABBED BY HIS HOST
INCIDENT CAUSES GOSSIP AT
MEXICO'S CAPITAL.
Results in Baron Starke Losing an
Eye and Marquis de Satmera
Receiving a Bullet in
His Body.
flpecial DUpateh to The Call.
CITY oF MEXICO, Aug. 28.— The re
cent visit to this city of General Pando.
Captain General Blanco's chief of staff
in Cuba, led to a duel between Baron
Starke, the Iron King of Durango and
Marquis de Sasmera. It is said that
Pando's mission was to Induce the
Mexican Government to relax its neu
trality a little. Whatever It was. it de
manded secrecy. As he could not have
secrecy at the Maison Dore, where he
stopped first, he accepted an invitation
to go to the home of Marquis de Sas
mera.
General Pando had been the guest of
the Marquis only a few days when one
night Sasmera returned home from the
Casino. An uproar followed his re
turn. A gendarme galloped up to his
house, dismounted and broke into the
hallway Just in time to see General
Pando retire to his room, bleeding from
a wound in the neck. A messenger hur
ried a few minutes later to the Spanish
Minister, and when that official arrived
General Pando entered a hack with
him, and the two drove to the Spanish
legation.
The following day General Pando de
parted for Vera Cruz, where, peace
having been declared and the blockade
raised, he took the first Sjiftnish steam
er for Batabano, going thence by rail
to Havana.
Three distinct stories regarding the
affair traveled about the city. One of
them was that the Marquis upon his
return home was sternly reprimanded
by his wife for keeping late hours; that
he replied with such vigor that Bhe
screamed for help, and that her cries
brought General Pando upon the scene.
The Marquis, infuriated at interfer
ence in his domestic affairs, rushed at
General Pando and struck him with a
dagger.
Baron Starke repeated at a Jockey
club another story about the affair,
which brought out an explanation from
the Marquis, accompanied by a demand
for an apology. The Spaniard s;dd,
upon his honor, that it was a cas£ of
mistaking each other for burglars. He
came home late that night and his wife,
in nervous fright, cried out that there
were thieves in the house. Gallant
General Pando rushed to her assistance.
Seeing the Marquis approach in a dark
hallway, Pando pounced upon him. un
der the impression that he was captur
ing a burglar. The Marquis thought
that he was being assailed by a thief,
and thus it happened that he inflicted
upon his distinguished guest a wound
before he discovered his mistake.
The Marquis in a letter deprecated
greatly the reference to his wife in
Starke's remarks, and demanded full
and public apology. Baron Starke re
plied that he had Pimply repeated a
story. A challenge followed, and last
Sunday the principals with their sec
onds went into the State of Hidalgo,
where pistols at thirty yards decided
the ispue.
At the signal two shots rang out, al
most simultaneously. Marquis de Sas
mera fell with a bullet in his body. The
shock lasted but a second and then he
raised himself to a sitting posture
and gazed at his opponent. Baron
Starke was already in the hands of his
seconds. A bullet from the Spaniard's
weapon had grazed his face, tearing out
his left eye. The physical net results
so far are that the Marquis de Sasmera
will probably recover entirely, while
Starke loses one eye and may lose the
other.
PARIS NEWSPAPERS
WELCOME THE PLAN
It Is Believed the Czar Sounded His
Neighbors Before Bisking the
Proposal.
PARIS, Aug. 29.— The Paris papers
publish the Czar's note, but too late for
comment. In diplomatic and press
circles the greatest surprise is evinced.
j It is no secret that the sensitive Czar's
i feelings are toward peace. He hates
militarism and even objects to moving
about with a military escort. He
would prefer to govern Poland with
! sympathy and is shocked by bloodshed.
i Here is the great question asked:
"What attitude does the Kaiser Wil
helm take?"
Vißits to various newspaper offices
show the tone the journals will take
I to-morrow. The Aurore is delighted
with the proposal. Le Journal thinks
it is a good omen for the future if the
i autrocratic Czar makes the proposal.
I The Gaulois thinks it impossible that
• he could have made such a grave pro-
I posal without having first consulted
| France, especially as it comes at the
j moment of the exchange of telegrams
j between the Czar and President Faure.
The Figaro believes that the confer
ence will assemble because the Czar
would not have risked a refusal. It
believes, however, that the aspiration
is chimerical.
GERMAN POLITICIANS
INCLINED TO SNEER
"Good Topic for a Dull Season" Is
the Remark of a High
Official.
BERLIN, Aug. 28.— The Czar's note
was posted in the hotels and cafes this
afternoon and is generally discussed
rather cynically. A high official of the
War Office observed that it would be
a "good topic for a dull season." If
the conference met there was no doubt
that France would demand the return
of Alsace-Lorraine. All politicians are
inclined to aneer at such a proposal
emanating from Russia. The general
belief is, however, that all the powers
are willing to attend the conference,
in the belief that it will prove result
less, looking to the impossibility of
agreement. •
BRIDGING THE CHASM.
Quebec Conference Commission Pro-
ductive of Good Results.
QUEBEC, Aug. 28.— The International
Conference Commissioners will meet in
joint session again to-morrow and
I probably each day until Friday. Sepa
j rate meetings of the American and Can
adian commissioners and meetings of the
I Bub-committees will continue during the
j week. Senator Fairbanks stated to-night
! that the firs,t week's work had been very
! satisfactory and that everything up to
this point indicated the best results. He
I expects that considerable progress will
i be made between this date and next Frl-
I day, when a recess will be taken until
[September 28.
PEACEFUL SIGNS
AROUND MANILA
Natives Resume Worlcin
the Fields.
BUSINESS IS BECOMING BRISK
LAWLESS ACTS STTPPRESSED BY
OUR SOLDIEBS.
Aguinaldo Changes His Seat of Gov
ernment—Merritt About to
Sail for Paris on the
China,
t
Special Cable to The Call" Mid the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IMS. by Jame« Gor
" don Bennett. _
MANILA, Aug. 28.— Indications are
that the natives are resuming peaceful
pursuits. They are tearing away the
trenches around Santa Ana and Passay
and beginning the cultivation of fields.
Aguinaldo will to-morrow remove his
seat of government from Bakoor to
Malolos, twenty miles north on the
railroad, leaving the country between
there and Cavite free of insurgents.
Seven unarmed Taglo soldiers under
a captain were on Saturday arrested in
San Sebastian. They were dragging a
Spaniard, bound and gagged, along the
street. They said they were taking
a Spanish spy out to shoot him. The
Intended victim was rescued by Amer
ican soldiers. The rebels had a pasa
signed by Colonel Montenegro author
izing them to patrol the city.
Some of the rebels on Friday ab
ducted a woman from Binondo District,
taking her away from her child four
months old. The woman has not been
seen since. Provost officers are on the
track of her kidnapers.
Plans for the sanitation of Manila
are almost completed.
Steamers are entering: the river as
usual. The Americans are temporarily
maintaining the former Spanish tariffs.
Business is brisk.
The United States warships Raleigh
and Olympia have gone to Hongkong
to go into dock. Admiral Dewey has
transferred his flag to the Baltimore.
General Merritt will sail on the steam
ship China Tuesday on his wav to Paris
to attend the sessions of the peace con
ference. No agreement has yet been
reached with Aguinaldo upon any sub-
Jet, although circumstantial rumors are
current that everything has been set
tled to the mutual satisfaction of those
concerned.
FIFTY THOUSAND MORE
MAY BE MUSTERED OUT
But Merritt's Force Will Be Needed
in the Philippines Even After
Peace Is Concluded.
NEW YORK. Aug. iS.— The Washington
correspondent of the Herald telegraphs:
Secretary Alger said to-day that there
might yet be 50,000 more volunteer troops
mustered out. He saw no use In keeping
them in the service if they were not need
d, and he implied that there would not be
as many needed for garrison duty as was
at first supposed.
Major General Myritfs force of 15.000
will be kept in the Philippines, At least
until after the conclusion of peace. Sec
retary Alger seemed to think that at least
that many would be needed there, even
after the treaty of peace.
In accordance with the suggestions of
General Miles' a number of regiments will
be brought back from Porto Rloo, and it
is not thought that as large a force as
has been anticipated will be sent to Cuba.
Secretary AlgeY said, moreover, that the
Seventh Army Corps as a corps would not
be selected to go to Cuba for garrison
duty. When the proper time came those
regiments would be selected which It was
thought most wise to select.
MERRITT HAS NOT YET
BEEN ORDERED TO PARIS
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Secretary Al
ger etates that no orders have been Issued
for General Merritt to go to Paris, and he
does not believe the report from Manila.
There has been some talk of both Gen
eral Merritt and Admiral Dewey being
called before the Peace Commission before
it adjourns, but nothing has been done
about the matter and it is not certain
that they will be called to Paris, though
It is not improbable.
NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS
KILLED IN A WRECK
Two Men Lose Their Lives, a Third
Is Dying and Four Are Seri
ously Injured.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. Aug. 28.— Two en
listed men of the Sixty-ninth New York
Volunteers were instantly killed and one
fatally and four seriously injured in a
wreck which occurred on the Louisville
and Nashville near here to-niffht. The
killed are:
PETER PARLEY, Company O, New
York City.
FRANK GLENNON, quartermaster a
sergeant, Company G, nephew of Colonel
John E. Duffy.
The fatally injured is Sergeant J. J.
Manning. Company E.
The seriously hurt are Thomas Skellie,
Company E: Harry Donoghue, Company
E; James Meade, Company E; Smith Do
ran, Company F.
The train was carrying the Sixty-ninth
to a new camp at Huntsville. It left Fer
nandina, Fla., at 1 o'clock yesterday aft
ernoon, three or four hours after the time
set for its departure. The train wrecked
was thr. first section. It was going at a
high rate of speed. Ten miles north the
engine jumped the track, derailing five
cars, which rolled down a steep embank
ment. The soldiers claim the train was
running too fast around a curve.
The injured were brought here and are
being given every attention at the In
firmary.
SIMPLY A SUGGESTION
OF THE BERLIN PRESS
German Government Disclaims De
sire to Partition the Samoan
Islands.
LONDON, Aug. 29.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Times, referring to the
report that Germany had entered into
negotiation^ with the United States for
partition of the Samoan Islands, says
that the semi-official Marine Polltlsche
correspondent observes:
"So far as we are aware no such pro
posal has been made to Washington by
the German Government. Proposals to
that effect have been made in the Ger
man press, but nowhere else, to our
knowledge. The assertion that were Ger
many to come into sovereign possession
of Upolua. the United States would be
shut out from the harbor of Apia, is ab
solutely absurd, and this applies equally
to any other nation having a harbor on
that island."
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
2gkZ&OB3STJai
RELIGIOUS RIGHTS
IN PHILIPPINES
Clergy Question a Sub
ject of Negotiation.
•_ ■'.' •,
SUBSTITUTES FOR THE FRIARS
POSSIBILITY OP THE . VATICAN
V AGREEING TO N - PLANS.
An Influential Prelate Tells of ■ the
4 Work .of the Pope and the •
. ' Promise of Intervention,
Made Spain.
Special Cable to Th« Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1888, by Jamw Gor
; • don Bennett.
ROME, Aug. 28.—- The question of the
clergy of the Philippines is a subject of
negotiations between the Vatican,
Spain and the United States. I have
had an interview with an influential
prelate of the department of the Papal
Secretary of State and propaganda in
regard to the matter. I asked:
"If the United States, while respect
ing their rights, requests the Vatican
to substitute by degrees for Spanish
friars others of different naltonalitles,
do you think the Vatican would agree?"
"I do not know. The Vatican has done
the same favor for France In Tunis
and for Italy In Abyssinia, and It Is not
said that the Vatican will not agTee to
do the same for America. Nevertheless,
the difficulties are many. When the de
struction of Cervera's fleet was known,
and seeing the end of the war, Mon
signor Mozaleda de la Vila sent a long
statement to Cardinal Ledochowskl,
prefect of the propaganda, setting forth
the sad situation and their fears for the
future. The Cardinal visited the Pope,
praying him to open diplomatic nego
tiations. They commenced Immediately,
and we expect good results shortly.
"The first steps were taken In regard
to President McKinley by Mgr. Ireland
and Mgr. >fartinelli, apostolic delegate
at Washington. The United States
Government would not at first enter
Into any engagement, but after urgent
solicitation from the Vatican de
clared it was disposed to recognize the
rigrhts of Catholic missions In the Phil
ippine Islands on condition that the
Spaniards would not create trouble for
the United States and renounce Span
ish protection. The Pope succeeded In
getting his advice accepted at Madrid
by demonstrating the dangerous posi
tion of the clergy and Catholic missions,
and the possibility that the United
States might take vigorous measures
against the church with the danger of
prosecution. The Pope also promised
Spain his intervention with a view of
getting the best conditions of peace.
"This advice was seconded by Aus
tria, and Spain has manifested a dis
position to be ready to accept it."
DETECTIVES BELIEVE
MURDER WAS DONE
Body of a Los Angeles Man round
in the Basement of an In-
complete Building 1 .
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 28.— The body of
Frank Strayhorn was found in the base
ment of the incomplete Tenth-street Ho
tel to-day. The head was terribly crushed
and the man had been dead several hours.
Whether he fell through the flooring,
which Is old and rotten and has been in
several places removed, so that a man
could easily have fallen through in the
dark or whether he was murdered and
hia body placed there is yet unknown.
Strayhorn was a steady man and indus
trious and well liked by his associates.
He has been employed as a clerk in the
office of the City Assessor for some time
He was seen down town last night and
was not intoxicated. The city detectives
are at work upon the case to-night, be
lieving that a murder has been commit
• ted - .
ANTILLES EVACUATION.
MADRID, Aug. 28, 9 p. m.— Duke Al
modover de Rio, Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, and Senor Gomazo, Minister of
j Public Instruction and Public Works,
' have arrived at an agreement an to how
i to Instruct the Antilles evacuation com
missioners and the instructions were
mailed to-day. .
Cold Bath Causes Death.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 2.5.- Walter Antenreith,
aged 20 years, was found dead in bed at
his mother's house in College Park this
morning. On Saturday evening he ate a
hearty supper, then took a cold water
bath and went to bed. The shock caused
congestion of the lungs and death.
Death of Arthur Pease, M. P.
LONDON, Aug. 28.— Arthur Pease, Lib
eral-Unionist, member of Parliament for
Darlington, died to-day in his sixty-first
year. Mr. Pease was Mayor of the bor
ough of Durham in 1873-74.
Senator Davis Bound for St. Louis.
NEW YORK. Aug. 38.— Senator Cuah
man K. Davis, one of the members of the
Peace Commission, left the city for St.
Paul at 5 o'clock this afternoon.
• ADVEB^ISEItEirrS.
Annual Sales over o,ooo,ooo Boxes
ffosg |F " Ej^ff If €&bk f^SB
FOR BILIOUS AND KEEVOUB DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain In the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. 1 Head-
ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on. the Skin. Cold Chills, -Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous 1 and ' Trembling Sensations.
THE PIRBT • DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF -"
IN TWENTY MINUTEB. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be •
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECH A!tt'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed; will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. /They: promptly remove
.• obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache. For a
Weak Stomach
1 Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are *'y
Without a Rival
v. " And have th* . '
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World, i
• - - 250. at all Drue Stores. ' • ~
\ Baja California . ; '
DAMIANA BITTERS
la a powerful aphrodlslae and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary- organs of both
sexes, and * a great * remedy ; for. diseases of th*
kidneys 5 and ' - bladder. A . great 14 Restor&tiva,
invlgorator - and ; Nervine. • . Sells ' on « its . own
terlts; no ■ long-winded ' testimonials ■ necessary.
-f'.-r NABKR, ALFfI & BRUKB. Agents.
U* Market street, a F.— (Send lor ClrouUr.l ,
MILES MAKING A
HOMEWARD MOVE
Five Thousand Men Will
Leave Porto Rico.
CONCENTRATE IN BROOKLYN
GBAND BEVTEW TO BE HELD IN
CENTRAL PARK.
General Brooke Will ttemain and
Hove on San Juan — Sporadic
Disorders That Causa
No Alarm.
Special cable to Th« Call and th» New York
Herald. ; Copyrighted, 18S8, by James Gor
don Bennett.-
PONCE, Porto Rico, Aug. 28.— Details
of the homeward movement have been
practically completed. General Miles
and his staff and eight companies of
the Second Wisconsin Volunteers leave
on the Obdam on Tuesday night and
the Fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers
are to start home on Wednesday. All
the cavalry horses, gun- carriages of
batteries, etc., of the Pennsylvania
troops will leave on the Mississippi on
Thursday, while the men of three Penn
sylvania batteries and the Third Bat
talion of the Second Wisconsin will
sail the same day on the Concho. The
men and guns of the Missouri, Illinois
and Indiana batteries are to leave on
the Alamo on Friday and the battery
horses on the Uto on Saturday. The
Sixth Illinois Volunteers will follow on
the Seneca and another ship not yet
named.
It has been arranged that the whole
detachment of about 6000 men shall land
in Brooklyn. After resting there a few
days they will parade across the bridge
to Wall street, to Broadway, to Fifth
avenue and thence to Central Park.
The men in line will be commanded by
General Wilson and General Miles will
review them.
General Brooke Is preparing to move
to San Juan. One hundred wagons
have been sent to him from Ponce to
transport supplies across the moun
tains. It seems probable that he will
take all the forces at Guantama, in
cluding the mounted troops.
Reports of disorders continue. The
authorities believe the outbreaks are
sporadic and will sooa quiet down.
General Miles will probably issue a
proclamation calling for order and de
creeing severe penalties for disobedi
ence.
The trial by military commission of
twelve civilian prisoners charged with
burning the town of Cotto will begin
to-morrow at Ponce.
GUNBOAT ZAFIR IS
SUNK IN THE NILE
LONDON, Aug. 28.— A. dispatch from
Camp Hegiar, opposite the island of Ge
bel Ravan, says the Anglo-Egyptian ex
pedition has suffered a rather serious loss
by the sinking of the gunboat Zafir.
The boat sprang a leak when near
Shendy and within a few minutes went
down. All on board were saved.
The Animals' Friends.
The office of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty -to Animals wlll.be moved
from Sixteenth and Harrison streets to
room 403 of the fourth floor of the Par
rott building on next Tuesday, where the
apartments will be fitted up with taste
and care. After the removal from the
Ponohoe building the officers found that
i a mistake had been made, and the advan
i tages expected failed to materialize after
I the public pound was taken from the
j management of the society and again
1 given over to politicians. Hereafter on
Saturday evenincs the rooms will be kept
open from 8 to 11 o'clock, and the public
is invited to visit the premises and learn
of the good being accomplished by the or
fanizatlon. There is Also a movement on
oot to give public lectures every four
! months in the assembly room of the build
i ing on the treatment of animals.
ADVEBTISEMLNTS.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LANCASHIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER, ENGLAND, ON THE
Slst day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Call-
i fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
i 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condenaed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $385,585 7!
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,666,657 50
t Cash In company's office 996 99
Cash in banks 200,383 97
• Premiums In due course of collection 293, 520 01
Special agents' balances 653 DO
Total assets $2,447,908 09
LIABILITIES.
Lossea adjusted and unpaid $00,170 82
Losses In process r>* adjustment or
in suspense 139,662 41
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 23,860 06
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,512,330 12;
reinsurance 50 per cent 766,165 04
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,142-,
1S009: reinsurance pro rata 04,804 96
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies. 4,003 76
All other demands against the com-
pany 60,000 00
Total liabilities $1,788,366 06
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $1,977,873 7J
Received for Interest and 'dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans arid from
all other sources 60,869 43
Received for rents 8.292 11
Total Income $3,036,835 27
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $147,982 84, losses of pre-
vious years) $966,907 75
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 376.64S 66
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 164,728 48
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 48,176 91
All other payments and expenditure. 137.924 21
Total expenditures $1,693,386 01
Fire.
Lossea Incurred during the year $1,007,233 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year $234,202,375 $2,526,803 51
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year... 210,454,056 2,877,057 00
Net amount In force De-
cember 31, 1897 242,260,573 2.654,510 21
E. LITCHFIELD, United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January, IS9B.
C. K. VALENTINE. Notary Publio.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
MANN & WILSON,
Managers,
N.E Cor. California and Sansome Sts.,
Ban Francisco, Cal.
OFFICE HOURSt
9 4. M. to 8 P.M.
All doctors assemble at 9 A. E
You can coisult the doctors on Catarrh
and get fre* trial treatment of the
"Ozo" Catarrh Cure from 9 to 11 A. M.,
Ito4 P. M., 7to 8 evenings. Doc-
tors on Rheumatism, Gout, Neuralgia
can be seen in the afternoon only ; if
the patient is suffering from pain
other doctors will relieve. Consulta-
tation is always free. You can con-
sult the entire staff of doctors and
pay not one cent for it. ; Consultation
is, free.
|| OZO
TREATMENT.
TRIAL
FREE. 1
' Men and women suffering ; from
Catarrh, can do no better than get a
free trial treatment of - the "Ozo" .
Catarrh Cure. Call or write
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.
.. , .:___ _- ' .•• •
H/TDIVT Who are suffering from
lYlijll failing manhood, weak-
. ;■;■: ness, debility, , loss of •
power, dyspepsia, chronic constipa-
tion, will find Hudyan to be a certain
and lasting cure. ' Consult the ' Hud-
son doctors free.- Hudyan circulars «
free. .
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.
VV^sSSSyL jJ and TUMOR ?
3 J £Bt-^-'mKr^B t -^-'mKr^ N .° KNIFE or PAIN
*&^ tim* ''''^ WrTßfc No Pa Until Cured
_* _j9hb9Smß^B^^^ Any lump in a wi>tn*n'»
*%MBHBB^ ' " «-- . "Jj breast Is cancer. The pol-
t. .■ '■ '■• •j.- •'" - sen quioklj roes to arm-
i^^j^Sve^fJ^i!^,^ pit. Ifl&rge IMS too late.
gdfffßflffKfp'fflibStp^^&L. Men's face and lip a com- ■
jQi'^m flvAi mon place.
#^Sg^f II Fags Book sent free
m ■"■ ;-> ■■ WL •M' M 1 with hundreds of addresses
%^^)^" TP^s^r.^r °' honest cures. No fIiCD.
8. R.CHAMLEY. M. D., 17 & I7TMRD St.. MB MARKET St.
§ SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
STATEMENT
l ' — i — OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
■•vji '■• ' .. ; :^ , —OB* THE 1 . 1 • , ■ . ,
TEUTONIA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW ORLEANS, IN THE STATE OP
Louisiana, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1597. and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of tho
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. •
CAPITAL. ...
Amount of capital stock, paid up la .
cash » $250.00000
• • " ASSETS. . •■ '
Real estate owned by company „ $44,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 14,754 00
Cash market . value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company.:...: v ' 536. 00
Cash In bank 5........ .:..:.....;. ....;.. 87,689 08
Premiums in due course of collection 60,158 68
Total assets .....'. $688,327 74
LIABILITIES. . •
Losses adjusted and unpaid..... $13,574 63
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
' ning ' one year or less. $357,228 24; '
reinsurance 50 per cent...... .... 178,814 13
Gross premiums on | fire risks run-
.. ning more than one year, ; $55,755 00; ■ ■ •
: reinsurance pro rata . 31.711 00
Cash dividends remaining .unpaid.... g 13,135 09
Total liabilities i. $237,084 77
: - INCOME. :
Net cash actually received for fire' - ..
premiums .........: :...:...:..... $341. 066 II
Net cash actually received for ma- -
rine premiums ... . 23,842 61
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds,: stocks, loans and from " ■
all other 50urce5........ ....•,2 0,187 78
Total Income '.........*.....:...'..".:. $384,65« 49
. EXPENDITURES. • '
Net amount paid for fire 1055e5..:... $176,571 65
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 9.071 12
Dividends to stockholders 25,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or . - .
H*>.^Vt-»T*n_>rp •*,O»I tff
Paid for salaries, fees and other -■ •'
charges for officers, clerks, etc .... .22,772 S3
Paid for State, national . and local "" 7 '49 9 17
AU^ther "payments and eipendVtures'. 7,499 61
All other payments and expenditures. 19.99S 61
Total expenditures $323,500 24
Losses incurred during the year.,..,. $176.671 Ot^
Risks' and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. 5 ;
TM»t amount of risks writ-  ..;■».
ten mirinK the year.... $80,907,639 $463,239 60
v Pt amount of risks ex-
pired during the year... 856. 740 399,831 01
Net amount in force De- -. — . :.;.; ....'.,..
cember 31. 1597-... ...... 26,131.194 412.983 24
™ ■ '. "- Marine
Risks. and Premiums. Risks ; ; Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- -*' •■' .
ten during; th« year. ,.. • $4,676,088 $29,093 44
Net amount of risks , ex- ■ . , ■
pired during the year... \. 4,676.088 29,003 44
Net amount in force De- , ■ ■ -
cember 31, 1897.......... . None. . -None.;
-, .' ''■ - ALBERT P. NOLL. President.
GEO." MEYER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to, before me this 17th
day of January,- 1898.. ■-,; M. C. SONIAT.
- Commissioner for California In New Orleans.
. SAN f FRANCISCO, CAL. , :
MANN & WILSON,
General Agents,
S.E. Cor. California and Sansome Sts.,
" San Francisco, Col. --V •
00 0 00 0600 b 00000000
o w PALACE w|
ICRAND HOTELS %
o \.\SAlt FRANCISCO. OJO J
*Z.\Z Connect«d' by a covered. passageway. ;-"-J?.
0 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. V
: O : ' * -Air Under One Management.' "; ' O
■O---'*'^- ? ; NO'iK THE : P3IOSS:V*' ■ '- r " Q -
©European Plan. 81 .00' per day and upward rt
V America* Plan. sB.oo per day and upward V»
Q -.■".-. ; Correspondence : Solicited. . • q
6' ; JOHN 0. KIBKPATRIGK, ; Manager. o
{ QOOOOOOOOO QQQiQ. OOOQSUFFERINGS OF
SICK SOLDIERS
NOT ALLEVIATED
Investigation at the Camp H° s *
pital Will Reveal Shocking
Conditioos.
Fever-StricKen Men Left Without Proper Care
and Food Until Benevolent Women Go
to Tr;eir Rescue.
NEW YORK, Aug. 28. — A Camp
Thcmas, Chlckamauga Park, Ga., spe
cial to the Herald says: It is expected
that the official investigation which is
to be made of the shameful conditions
existing here will place upon the shoul
ders of those who are to blame the re
sponsibility for the lack of sanitary
precautions which has resulted in so
much sickness and so many deaths
among the troops encamped here. There
can be no doubt that the awful con
tfttiwn -of this camp is due primarily
to official incompetency or willful dis
regard of the welfare of the soldiers
quartered here. Nobody here, aside
from the officials interested, attempts
to deny that in many cases the sur
geons were appointed not because of
their ability, but for political reasons,
and it is alleged that some of these sur
geons were not subjected to an exami
nation as rig'd as is required by law.
The first ten cases of typhoid fever
"were imported into the camp by regi
ments newly arrived. It will be shewn
that these cases were not properly iso
lated nor were proper precautions taken
to. disinfect their tents. It will be
shown that many soldiers who suffered
from illness, fearing neglect in the hos-
pital, refused to state their true con-
dltion and were kept in regimental
camps with typhoid and other fevers.
scattering disease among all their com- ;
rades.
It will be shown, I am also informed, !
that such conditions would have been'
impossible if there had' been proper |
management in camp. Not a reputable
physician can be found who would as-
sert that there are local conditions at
Chickamauga that would produce fever.
Nurses are very scarce. Every morn
ing a large number of benevolent
women go to camp from Chattanooga
and spend the day relieving the suffer
ing. They tell me that in one of the
division hospitals where there are more
than 200 patients the nurses are sol
diers who have never had a day's ex
perience in the sickroom, and who con
sequently lack the knowledge and pa
tience and all other qualities which go
to make up a good nurse. One woman
told me that she found sick soldiers in
this hospital begging for food, having
had none for hours. They were bitten !
by flies and other insects and were un- j
able to care for themselves. Another
woman, with tears streaming down her
face, told me of the terrible sights she !
had witnessed. She said she was so j
horrified by the awful spectacle that it |
was a nightmare to her and she could
not sleep, thinking of the terrible suf
fering of the soldier boys, much of '
which is due to the fact that the Gov
ernment has failed to provide proper
nursing. Women nurses are not per
mitted in a division hospital.
NEGLIGENCE REVEALED BY
TWO SOLDIERS' DEATHS j
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— A Camp Alsrer
(Dunn Loring, Va.) special to the Her
ald says: Further mismanagement in
the first division hospital was made
known to-day by the death of Private
Thomas Lowmiller of Company I,
Eigthth Pennsylvania Regiment. Neg
ligence on the part of the officials of
the hospital and the nurses in connec
tion with Lowmlller's death, it is said,
can be proved, and General Gobin will
demand a strict accountability of the
officers in charge.
According to the statements made by
those in the Eighth Regiment, Low
miller became ill several days ago and
seemed to be suffering considerably.
He was sent in charge of a corporal to
the division hospital at 7 o'clock Fri-
day evening, and remained there all
night without receiving any medical at
tention. He was found to be seriously
111 at 8 o'clock yesterday morning, be-
ing In a delirious condition. The ill and
neglected soldier never rallied, but
grew rapidly worse until a little before
4 o'clock this afternoon, when he died.
Another case of the neglect of a pa
tient from the same regiment is that
of Private 8. Plum, who is now ill at
Fort Meyer, with typhoid fever. Plum
complained of illness nearly a month
ago and was sent to the division hos
pital. After remaining there three days,
it is said, he was returned to his regi
ment as cured.
"Plum had not been back to his resri
ment ten minutes," an officer of the
Eighth said, "when he was examined
in the regimental dispensary and found
to have an exceedingly high tempera
ture. Colonel Hoffman at once had the
soldier sent to Fort Meyer, and shortly
:. after his arrival he was down with ty
phoid. This shows flagrant neglect and
Jncompetenry on the part of some one
connected with the division hospital."
. A regimental surgeon who was at
one time on duty at the division hos
pital, speaking of the strictures as to
•the mismanagement, published in this
. morning's Herald, Bald: "Frequently
when I asked for supplies I could not
get them, and consequently we had to
do without many necessities. We did
not have utensils for filtering water, and
therefore could not do it. In all else
that the physician quoted in to-day's
paper had to say I fully acquiesce."
CONDITIONS IMPROVE
AT CAMP WIKOFF
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— The Herald's
correspondent at Camp Wikoff, Mon
tauk Point, says: I asked in the camD
of the Twelfth Infantry this morning
what they had for breakfast under the
improved conditions following Secre
ta'— Alger's visit.
"Well," one man said, "for breakfast
this morning we had stew."
"What sort of stew?" I asked.
"Oh, beof stew," was the, reply. He
added that they had bread and coffee
with it, nnd this was an improvement
' over bacon and hardtack which they
had to eat on the transport which
brought them north. When I asked
about dinner, the men said they had
fresh beef yesterday for the first time,
and would enjoy the same luxury to
day if the supply arrived in time, which
it usually does not, if the experience of
this regiment and those camped near
it may be accepted as a criterion.
There was laughter among the ktoud
of men to whom I was talking when I
asked about supper, and then one said:
"Oh, for supper, I 'spose we must
scrape up something. We shall prob
ably have some sowbelly as usual, and,
oh how tired we are of it."
The Thirteenth Infantry is camped
near the Twelfth, and to-day ie faring
much better, chiefly because the
wretched condition of the command
was plainly told by the Herald, and
friends of the regiment at once sent in
supplies. In spite of the complaints of
which were frequent in the in
fantry camp, the men generally speak
of the conditions as greatly Improved
since Secretary Alger Inspected Camp
Wikoff.
SAN MARCOS BRINGS
TROOPS FROM TAMPA
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— The transport
San Marcos, which sailed from Tampa
August 20 and from Key West August
22, arrived this morning with two bat
teries of the First United States Artil
lery, two companies of the Third Texas
Volunteers and the general hospital
corps and a detachment from the corps
of engineers. The total number of
men aboard was 620, of which fifteen
are officers. Captain Miller, First Ar
tillery, Is In command.
The San Marcos arrived off Sandy
Hook at 10 o'clock last night, where
she anchored until daylight, when she
proceeded up the bay to quarantine.
Deputy Health Officer Sanborn boarded
the transport and after a brief inspec
tion permitted her to proceed.
The San Marcos steamed up the bay
and anchored off Liberty Island, where
she will await instructions from the
War Department at Washington. The
troops will probably be sent to Camp
Wlko-it. One artilleryman is reported
sick with measles. 2s one of the troops
on the San Marcos had been outside
the United States, all having been in
camp at Tampa since the early part of
the war.
Sixty of the worst cases were re
moved from the San Marcos this after
noon. Nearly all the men are convales- \
cents from the general army hospitals |
at Key West and Tampa. Ten were j
sent to the New York Hospital, one to '
Governor's Island and the remainder i
to Fort Hamilton and Fort Wadsworth. j
Very few o-f the men were able to walk, j
The scene at the landing was pathetic
in the extreme. The men could not be j
transferred on stretchers, and, clad in !
pajamas, their emaciated forms were
carried down the plank.
Private Stephen Easton, Troop X,
First Volunteer Cavalry, was the only \
man landed at Governor's Island, as j
the field hospital on the Island Is j
crowded. He is suffering from melan- |
cholia, having lost his voice and hear
ing as the result of a fever contracted
while serving before Santiago. During
the trip to this city his attempts to end
his life became so frequent and deter
mined that it was necessary to have a
guard watch him night and day.
Easton enlisted in the Rough Riders
from New Mexico. He is of Mexican
descent.
The men are delighted over the fact
that they have arrived in New York.
They complain, however, that they have |
not received their pay for two months. }
There are a number of men on board j
who are suffering with wounds, but
the majority of them are recovering
from malaria.
The men also complain some of a lack !
of suitable accommodations while on I
the ship. In the main, however, the !
trip from Key West was without inci
dent.
Among the sick and wounded volun
teers brought to this city are: John P.
Hall, A. H. Denham, Thomas W. Wig
gins, John R. Kean, Thomas Cava- j
naugh, M. P. Mathanicar, James M. |
Dean, Stephen Easton of the First Cav
alry and Thomas G. Jones of the Third
Texas.
MOVING THE MEM
FROM CAMP THOMAS
CHICKAMAUGA, Aug. 28.— The last
of this week will see almost every regi
ment of volunteers gone from Camp
Thomas. This morning, when the First
Pennsylvania left for Lexington, com
pleted the removal of the First Army
Corps.
By Monday, at the latest, the Third
Army Corps will begin to move to An
niston, Ala. If the railroads can handle
the tro-ops by Saturday noon not a sin
gle regiment will be left in the park,
with the exception of the United States
Volunteers, which will be kept here to
guard hospitals and Government prop
erty.
As fast as the trains can be got the
convalescents are being sent to their
homes. Already over 4000 sick leaves
have been granted and there are yet
in the hospital over 1500 sick soldiers.
These will be sent home as fast as they
are convalescent.
There were to-day reported In all 520
cases o-f typhoid fever In all hospitals
and six deaths.
MUSTERING OUT THE
TROOPS AT CAMP MEADE
CAMP MEADE*. Pa., Aug. 28.—Gen
eral Daviß. commander of the Second
Division, Second Army Corps, has es
tablished headquarters In Camp Meade,
and will remain here until the troops
are mustered out. The general and his
staff came In last night from Thor
oughfare Gap with the Twenty-second
Kansas. To-morrow the remainder of
the Second Division will be on hand.
Commencing Tuesday, the movement
of the First Division from Camp Alger
will begin and continue at the rate of
one regiment a day.
The health of the camp Is splendid,
there being less than 200 cases in the
general hospital.
With the exception of fifteen typhoid
fever cases, none are serious. Presi
dent McKinle-< T intimated to General
Graham that the pick regiments of the
corps would be sent to Porto Rico and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 29, 1898.
SECRETARY ALGER
IN DEFIANT MOOD.
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— The
Herald's Washington correspond
ent sends the following: In the
course of a long statement to
night concerning the criticisms
of his office Secretary Alger said:
"I do not intend to order an
investigation of the wholesale
charges of mismanagement of
the war, but propose to- stand on
my record. If the President or
Congress desires these charges
investigated I would be delighted
to have the administration of the
War Department made the sub
ject of the moat searching in
quiry.
"If any one can be found who
can perform the duties better
than I have I am willing to give
way to him, but not until the un
just, brutal and untrue criti
cisms have ceased. I will not re
tire under fire. It is at least un
gracious for the press of the
country to attack me when I
have given all my time and what
ability I possess to bring the
war to a successful conclusion.
Orders have been promptly sent
to correct all abuses, and I can
no more be held responsible for
the failure to execute these or
ders than the commanding offi
cer can be for the remlssness of
his subordinates.
"If any one is to blame for not
supplying the soldiers with ra
tions and taking the proper sani
tary precautions it is the com
manding officers in the field.
Complaints of all sorts from
private individuals have been
made, which were investigated
and proved to be unfounded.
There have been charges made
against the Surgeon General, the
Commissary and Quartermaster
Generals' departments which are
equally untrue. Three harder
worked or more competent offi
cers cannot be found in service
than these men."
Cuba for garrison duty, and that the
remainder would be mustered out.
STILL BRINGING THE
SICK FROM SANTIAGO
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 28.— The
transport Roumanian will leave for Mon
tauk Point to-morrow morning with 650
sick men of the Sixty-first New York,
the Second and Ninth Massachusetts, the
Second Regulars, the Tenth Cavalry
and the Sixteenth and Twenty-first regi
ments. The condition of the men Is ex-
tremely bad. Ambulances were found
to be necessary to convey some of them
to the steamer.
Three transports will leave to-morrow
for Guantanamo, Baracoa and Sagua for
the Spanish prisoners there. The con
dition of the men is distressing.
The transport Knickerbocker arrived
thiß morning with the Second Battalion
of the Fifth Infantry. The Second and
Third Battalions of Ray's Second Im
mune Regiment will leave to-morrow for
Baracoa and Sagua for garrison duty at
those places.
Genera) Toral and staff and a few other
officers wiJl leave next week on the Leon
XIII. Over 200 Santiago refugees ar
rived from Jamaica to-day and others are
coming soon, now that peace is restored.
A sunken Spanish ship will be reno
vated and put into shape for an Amer
ican hospital. Its location Is excellent
and It has a capacity of 1000.
Upon the arrival of a Spanish major re
cently it was discovered by accident that
he had several trunks filled with silver
Jewelry, valuable articles and money, evi
dently the result of looting the houses
of residents during the confusion attend
ant upon the Caney exodus. Large
amounts of money were carried away by
Spanish officers.
GENERAL BOYNTON
FINDS ALL SERENE
WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.— A few days
ago Secretary Alger issued an order to
General H. V. Boynton, now at Chick
amauga Park, to make a thorough and
searching investigation of all the hos
pitals in Camp Thomas and to report
instantly any lack of attention to the
inmates, any inefficiency in the medical
officers or any need of supplies of what
ever kind. General Boynton's atten
tion was directed to the sensational
charges made by one Dr. Terry against
the conduct of the hospitals at Camp
Thomas, and he was urged to make a
prompt report of the exact conditions
as he should find them. To-night the
following telegram, under date of Aug
ust 28, was received by Adjutant Gen
eral Corbln from General Boynton:
"Have completed examination of hos
pitals. Results exceedingly favorable
in all essential features. The facts ef
fectually dispose of all recent sensa
tional adverse criticism. Report will be
written out to-morrow."
The results of General Boynton's In
vestigation as briefly stated in his tele
gram afforded the officials of the War
Department great satisfaction. They
have implicit confidence in General
Boynton and are satisfied that his in
vestigation has been thorough and its
results, as he states them, are accurate.
A copy of General Boynton's dispatch
was sent to President .vlcKinley.
PENNSYLVANIA BOYS
ARE WELL CARED FOR
CINCINNATI, Aug. 28.— After the
middle of last week Governor Hast
ings of Pennsylvania raised $5000 cash
In thirty minutes In Philadelphia to
equip a hospital train to bring home
the sick of Pennsylvania regiments
from Chickamagua. A train of
niphteen hospital cars was equipped
and started for Chlckamauga •« - ith as
tounding promptness. To-night it ar
rived homeward-bound with 211 Penn
sylvania soldiers, thirteen New York
ers, one Ohio and one Rhode Island
soldier, and left with its overjoyed
freight on hour later for Plttsbiirg.
Both on the down trip and the return.
Governor Hastings devoted his per
sonal nttention to all the details of
transportation. Arriving In Cincinnati
to-night he filed 164 telegrams to
friends of soldiers nnd to those prepar
ing for their reception In Pennsylvania.
At Chickamauga yesterday he took the
sick from hospitals against the protests
of officials who wanted them to wait for
a transcript of their muster rolls.
Fourteen soldiers, too 111 to leave, were
left in the Red Cross hospital.
FERNANDINA SUFFERERS
FOR MONTAUK POINT
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— Seven officers
and 183 privates arrived In -ersey City
from Fernadina. Fla., to-day, and were
at once transferred to Montauk Point.
They were detachments of all the regular
.army In Infantry regiments not in the
Philippines or Porto Rico.
Surgeon Lieutenant H. P. Meianer said
he had six men seriously ill. Of these
Lieutenant J. H. Schoffel of the Thtrd In
fantry was down with malarial fever. The
detachments contained men from these
regiments: The First, Second, Third,
Fourth. Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth,
Tenth. Twelfth, Thirteenth. Fourteenth,
Sixteenth, Seventeenth, Twentieth, Twen
ty-first, Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth.
DEATH CLAIMS CLAUDE MATTHEWS.
The Late Ex-Goyernor Claude Matthews of Indiana.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aug. 28.— Ex-Governor Matthews is dead.
Claude Matthews was born in Bath County, Ky., December 14, 1845.
He left Kentucky in 1868, and settled in Vermillion County, Ind., where he
had a farm. He organized the Indianapolis Short Horn Breeders' Asso
ciation, and was one of the founders of the National Association of Short
Horn Cattle Breeders of the United States and Canada. He served a term
in the Legislature in 1876.
In 1890 he was nominated and elected Secretary of State, and in 1892 he
was chosen Governor. Governor Matthews was related through his mother
to some of the best families of Virginia and Kentucky. When his term as
Governor expired in 1896 Mr. Matthews retired to his home. Friends of Mr.
Matthews resolved to make him a candidate for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination. The State Convention was. enthusiastically in favor of his
nomination by the National Democratic Convention which met in Chicago.
In July, 1896. Mr. Matthews indorsed the action of the National Demo
cratic Convention and made a most brilliant canvass for Bryan and Sewall.
On January 7, 1868, he married Martha R. Whitcomb, daughter of the
late James Whitcomb, who was Governor of Indiana from 1843 to 1849. and
was afterward United States Senator from this State. Mr. Matthews at
tained wide celebrity while Governor by driving out the Roby gamblers.
SAN JOSE HIGH
SCHOOL STRIKE
Citizens Are Back of the
Students.
TEST WILL BEGIN TODAY
FEW TO BE PRESENT AT THE
OPENING.
Dissenting Pupils "Will Meet in the
Morning and Proceed in a Body
to the Santa Clara High
School.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAN JOSE. Aug. 28.— The probable
outcome of the High School strike to
morrow was the all-absorbing topic of
conversation in the city to-day. On
every hand the stand taken by the stu
dents is praised and the action of the
School Trustees in dismissing Profes
sor Smith is vigorously denounced.
The strike of the students will be an
epoch in San Jose's history and just
what the end will be is hard to tell.
Politics and the City Board of Educa
tion have wrecked the High School and
thus done incalculable harm to the
Garden City. It will take years to re
cover from the calamity.
The faculty of the High School has
been busy the past week visiting the
pupils and asking them to return to
the school. Every pupil on the roll
has received a letter from Principal
Shumate setting forth the advantages
of the school and asking the receiver to
return. Members of the faculty have
seen each pupil personally and begged
him to return. It is said that of over
300 pupils in the school not over one
third will attend. About 125 will go to
the Santa Clara High School and the
balance will go to the Normal and pri
vate schools.
Parents of the strikers have been
waited upon by members of the Rea
gang and threats of all kinds made
against them unless they forced their
children to return to the school.
All kinds of tactics h^e beon
adopted to head off the sta.npede of
students to the Santa Clara schools.
An injunction has been sought against
the Santa Clara School Trustees en
joining them from using certain funds
to improve the school to accommodate
the pupils from this city. "Boss"
Rea has even tried to buy the carry
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For men who have wasted their
J^ •j^ vigor and youthful energy, who feel
M rf<**>^^ slow, stupid and weak; for young
tI^J £$*& men, middle-aged and old men who
V^^*^^^ would like to be stronger, Dr. San-
* rfm&Hf en °^ ers ree a oo^ *hat is worth
"^^m^^W^M^ $1000 to any weak man. It tells
wtMi'^ miliw '• aru^ P roves by hundreds of grateful
iM// /'■ s WI/F letters how ' Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt restores the old snap, the vim,
the vigor. Call or . send for it. It is ; FREE. By mail or at
the office. .
DR. A. T. SANDEN, . * 'VVV, ....,// *.
708 Market Street. C.met Seamy, San NOT IN DRUG STORES.
Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 : : ' -^ '£ - . ~! — 1^ , _ „
to 1 Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 232 West . . - "«"• Sanden's .Electric Belt
• Second street; Portland. Or., - 253 Washington '• never .; sold ', In ; drur : store*
street- : Denver. Colo.. 931 "Sixteenth street; nor by traveling : »«ents: only =
Dallas. Tex.. 285 j Main street ;rßutte.; r Butte. : Mont., . •* our offlc*. ...
110 North Main street. , *• -/' * ._'., ;. — ——r ...... . Jt>
alls in which the students are to be
conveyed to Santa Clara, hoping to
thus inconvenience them.
The people are back of the students.
Over JoOO has been subscribed to help de
fray the cost of tuition at the Santa
(Mara school. Arrangements have
been made by which the transporta
tion to and from Santa Clara is only
51 80 a month, and there is a prospect
that it will be even lower than this.
Last year San Jose received nearly
$3000 in tuition from non-residents at
tending the High School, and this the
city will lose the coming year. Be
sides this, the business men will be de
prived of the trade of these pupils and
their parents.
The students will meet at Turn Verein
Hall in the morning and proceed to
Santa Clara in a body. They will
drive through town and with horns and
yells make their departure known to
all.
CINCINNATI AGAIN
LEADS THE LEAGUE
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clube— W. L. Prt.
Cincinnati ..72 41 .637 Plttsburg: ...D6 57 .496
Boston 69 40 .633 Philadelphia 50 66 .473
Baltimore ...67 39 .632 Louisville ..46 68 .3»8
■liv.land ...65 45 .MI Brooklyn ....41 65 .887
63 49 .663 Washington 40 70 .864
New York ..61 4S .560 3t. Louis ....81 82 .274
CINCINNATI. Aug. 28.— Cincinnati again
took the lead in the race to-day by de
feating the Pittsburgs in two games. The
first wits a walk-over, while in the second
Pittsburg would have won but for costly
errors. Attendance, 10,049. Score, first
game:
Clubs— XL H. E.
Cincinnati 9 16 1
Pittsburu 4 7 4
Batteries — Breltenntein and Peltz; Rhlnes
and Schriver. Umpires— Oaffney and Brown.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 6 8 1
Pittsburg 6 8 2
batteries — Dwyer and Peitz: Hastings and
Schriver. Umpires — GafTney and Brown.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 28.— The Orioles took
two games from the Browns to-day. Gan
non, a local twirler. pitched the first game
and had the Orioles guessing for a while.
He received poor support. Manager Hurst
umpired in Emslie's place in the second
game, the latter leaving the game on ac
count of illness. Attendance, 8000. Score,
first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 7 6
Baltimore 13 18 0
Batteries — Gannon and Klnslow; Hughes and
Clarke. X'mplre— Emslte.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
ft. Louis 2 6 2
Baltimore 6 15 2
Batteries'— Caxsey and Ktnslow. Kitson and
Clarke. Umpire— Hurst.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 28.— The Colo
nels defeated the Senators to-day in a
slow and uninteresting game. Anderson's
fielding was the feature. Attendance, 5000.
Score:
Clubs— - R. H. E.
I...ti!sviiie 6 l« 8
Washington 8 « S
Batteries — Powlinjr and Kittrldge; Weyhing
and Farrell. Umpires— Swartwood and War
ner.
CHICAGO. Aug. 2S.— A large crowd saw
the Orphans regain fifth place to-day in a
poorly played game. Doheney was very
wild, hitting two men. passing seven to
first (five of them scoring 1 ) , was batted
hard and miserably supported. Callahan
was hit hard, but in only two innings. At
tendance, 19,000. Score:
Clubs— r, n. c.
Chicago 12 li a
New York -j n 7
Batteries— Caliahan and Donahue: Poheney
and Grady. Umpires— O'Day and McDonald.
ROCHESTER, Aug. 28.— Luck was on
the side of the Grooms to-day in the game
at Ontario. Score:
Clubs— n. H. E.
Brooklyn 7 10 2
Cleveland 3 9 r,
Batteries— Dunn and Grim; Powell and
Criger. Umpires— Conlon and Hunt.
One Death at Vancouver.
VANCOUVER, Wash.. Aug. 28.—Pri
vate Archie Sauls, United States Sig-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
2 _ ?
I fTciothing j
I / W%\ M ?Ml
I / jA ® 1
■■♦ ~L » I A , Variety of articles the \
♦ °' n! || young men are always in need £
♦ A O /© I I of, at prices that will greatly ♦
♦ V Ai__jd^ I / 1 simplify the question of where £
♦ \^j^ i^\^' a *'^ .-.//■ /I to purchase— where to get the ♦
♦ m. J^Os. '/ / I very best and most or the ♦
♦ •r^l^^v a II smallest expenditure. ♦
♦ i fy£J%KJ\J SUITS.
♦ If ' REEFERS— DoubIe-breasted, o
♦ I I I with large sailor collars and o
Oil soutache braid; all-wool ; ♦
♦ 111 soutache braid ; all-wool ; °
> I I / very best wearers; no suits °
° I I/ y % handsomer and cannot be o
2 I If \. duplicated elsewhere under o
% \\ I PJ* ' -If double this price ; sizes 4to 8 o
♦ I' i/^ 1 years ; our own manufacture, o
,_r*Tu^ If Double-breasted coat ©
♦ It / > * > y^ w '^ rolling collar; perfect £
♦ V / Jr suits for boys from Btol4 ♦
o V jv years ; extremely new styles ; ♦
o , i ft the very best of wearers, if not £
o I pk absolutely as we # . say money %
° /^>^\ A refunded at any time and no £
° . / $r<T^i questions asked as to why not
o A. $■■ * $\ C^ = TT~ l satisfactory; our own make £
° ' \\^^*^l and guaranteed. *
♦ \^^^\'^ije^^o^ =r Some of tha Smaller Things That Boys o
o ?; s»je^^»^ Need "We Enumerate Below : £
♦ Knee Pants. Military Caps and \
♦ In every tailoring establish- QllltC T! A n 2
° ment there are always odd OUILD» - 1 ltJb. O
O pieces left over that would be Rnv<;' Military c -i ; j V> ix *
♦ a total waste if they could not /n \ n »!a\ITI Sail ° r a d Golf 2
? be used for knee pants-not (Dewey) Overalls and Caps f Or the young . J
0 large enough for anything Blouses, have stripes sters — a || colors— all ' ♦
♦ else. We ye taken theso • down legs and epau- s j zes O<=> etc o
9 pieces and made a large num- [t nn shoulders. - ■ —^f ♦
1 ber of fine pants-better than lets on shoulders. and 50 CtS. §
♦ the ordinary— and put them OVERALLS ♦
:on sale for 65 cts. . 20 CtS. Butterfly Bow Ties — +
O It would be a good idea to " RLOUSES all silk, of best quality, ?
♦ buy two or three pairs of these , DLUU^di • M 7> +
for your boy— ages 4to 6 yrs. .'. . 45 CtS. 25 CtS.
o . ' ~ i' o
♦ • ■ ■ . - -■ - ■•■ ■ ♦
I 718 Market St., S. F. • ♦
It was the storekeeper at a little lowa town who
reTated that the first he ever heard of Ripans Tabules
was from a runner for a Burlington house, who gave him
a few. " I had been telling him that I had been a pro-
nounced victim of dyspepsia for several years, when he
took from his pocket a small vial, saying : ' Here is what
you want.' Well, from that it came about that I began
to use Ripans Tabules. It may be that I would have
got well anyway, but of this lam certain : I have not
been troubled at all with dyspepsia during the last yea&*
nal Corps, died to-day of typhoid fevar
at the military hospital at Vancouvdfr
Barracks.
All Transports Unloaded.
WASHINGTON. Auk. 2S.— The follow
ing dispatch was received to-night:
"MONTAt'K POINT, NT. V.. Aug. 28.—
General H. C. Corbin, Washing-ton:
Every transport in the harbor has been
unloaded and the troops placed in camp.
"YOT'NG. Major General."
Large Class Confirmed.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 28.— T0-day Bishop
Montgomery confirmed a class of 130 at
the Catholic church.
34
MONDAY AUGUST 29, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, ProP™»toP ro P™»to-
'.• Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. P.
Telephone Main 1868.
■ EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevsnson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE «AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
: • ' served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montfe
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL. Orf W*r. by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
M W YORK OFFICE Room ISB, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rigga Houm
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, cornar Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock*
. 1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, opsn until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh.
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS,
Columbia— "The Rajah "
The Butterflies
Morosco's— "Fallen Among: Thieves- '
Tivoil — "Mlgrnon '
.n Vaudeville,
Tho Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 618-pound Man.
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones Vaudeville. Opening
■E-aiurday, September 3.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Eddy Specialties.
 Mechanics' Pavilion— The Irish Fair,
iuiro's Eaths— Swimming-.
State Fair — Sacramento. Septembers.
OUR STACKS OF TWENTIES.
rREQUENT mention has been made of late to
the commercial change which the United States
is now undergoing. It is not wholly due to the
Spanish war, for it began a year ago, though the re
. . suits of the war have accelerated the transition. As
_ early as last year we began to loan gold coin to Eu
rope and have kept it up ever since. Coincident with
the broadening of the country's commerce through
our foreign conquests we find ourselves expanding
into a creditor nation like England, with funds to
loan. Up to a year ago we were known as a debtor
nation, but it is doubtful whether this dubious dis
tinction will cling to us much longer. For, in spite
of our free loans to Europe, we find the inflowing
stream of gold rather too voluminous for convenience.
A Treasury statement just issued shows this plainly.
According to this statement the amount of gold in the
United States Treasury has been increasing rapidly of
late, as shown by the stock on hand, which was $203,
530.204 on August 20, against $163,474,057 on June 20.
This is a gain of $40,000,000 in two months. The
gain for the past thirty days has been about $17,000,
600. The amount on hand August 20 was the largest
since 1888. In March of that year it was $218,000,000,
but in the Cleveland administration of free trade it
• got down to $44,563493 in February, 1896.
The reason for this gradual accumulation of gold
coin in the Government vaults is not obscure, nor
does it require any profound financial acumen to per
ceive it. It is simply because we are selling more
than we are buying. This is the whole thing in a
nutshell. Commercial statisticians term it an excess
01 exports over imports, which is the same thing.
When a man sells more than he buys his bank ac
count increases in direct ratio, and this is what the
United States is doing and has been doing ever since
the Republican part}' resumed the reins of Government.
A free trade policy reduced our stock of gold coin
from an excess to a practical deficit, so that the Gov
ernment was obliged under the Cleveland ad
ministration to issue bonds to make up the
deficiency. While the Republican party waß in power
and the excess was pronounced the Democratic op
position raised a prolonged wail that a surplus was
a menace. It did not take them long to dissipate it
after they came into power, and the bond issues were
the result. Now we have the surplus again, and like
■ sensible people are lending it to Europe, and would
like to lend more — on good security.
Of course this condition has a beneficial effect on
trade. It could not do otherwise. The weekly re
ports from the mercantile agencies call attention to
the Mattering state of business, and the leading finan
cial authorities are drawing roseate pictures of the
future. On every hand there are abundant signs of
prosperity and confidence was never greater nor more
widely extended. The bank clearings last week
showed a gain of 19.3 per cent over the corresponding
. week last year, while the failures were 179, against 223.
There is only one cloud on the commercial horizon,
and it may be nothing but a cloud. This is the sud
den thirst to make heavy investments in our new
cojonial possessions. Speculators are going into it
with such enthusiasm that conservative men are be
ginning to fear that it may be overdone, in which
case there would be a reaction. It takes money and
some years of waiting to develop plantation proper
. ties, as those who embark in it will learn later on.
However, as this apprehension is nothing more than
an apprehension at present it may prove ungrounded.
At any rate there is no use in crossing a bridge be
fore one gets to it.
The fine state of trade, as mentioned last week, is
general, not local; collective, not Individual. Consid
ered individually the great staples, excepting iron and
steel, with a few lines of merchandise, such as dry
goods, boots and shoes, etc., are quiet But the rail-
road earnings are increasing and the farmer is re-
ported in good condition all over the country. In
fact, when the matter is looked into deeply, it is
found that to the current prosperity of the farmer the
fine condition of bitsiness is due, as the manufacturing
industry is not especially active. A gratifying feature
of the situation is that the farmer is likely to con
tinue prosperous the remainder 6f the year, as the
crop prospects are good and prices are considerably
sbove the cost of production. With this condition
practically assured it is no wonder that the mercan-
file agencies report trade in satisfactory shape every
where and that the leading financial authorities are
amusing themselves by drawing rosy pictures of the
future.
Only a little while ago a niece of Admiral Schley
made a star-spangled galoot of herself by going to
Madrid on an impertinent errand of peace, and now
a 'cousin of Admiral Dewey announces that she is
poms on the stage. These naval heroes have to
achieve considerable to carry all their relatives.
An unfortunate incident of the Dunning affair is
that the handwriting expert is about to get a chance
to air his knowledge, and as a rule this knowledge
is not worth airing.
Eugene Debs has Btarted a new party, but nobody
seems to care who the other man is.
CAMPAIGN PROSPECTS.
A FULL alignment of the contending parties ie
the coming contest has not yet been effected,
as a good many nominations for various offices
are yet to be made, and it is yet to be determined on
what ground the fusionists will assail the administra
tion; but even at this early stage it is already appar
ent that in the Republican ranks there will be har
mony, unity and ardor, while in the opposing party
there will be discord, lack of confidence and demoral
ization. <
A striking illustration of the cordial warmth with
which all classes of Republicans are united in the
contest was given at the grand ratification meeting at
Oakland on Saturday evening, when Dr. Pardee,
speaking for the men of Alameda County, who had
so loyally supported his efforts to obtain the nomi
nation for Governor, came upon the platform with
his successful rival and pledged the full Republican
vote of the county for Henry T. Gage and the whole
ticket. It was an occasion to be remembered. The
responsive cheers that rose from the vast audience
sounded the keynote of Republican enthusiasm and
attested that ardor in the rank and file which is a
safe assurance of success at the polls.
A marked contrast to the unity of sentiment and
prevailing satisfaction among Republicans is to be
seen in the coalition of the opposing parties. Al
though, as Mr. Ford wittily said at the Oakland meet
ing, the fusion candidate for Governor will go through
the campaign singing "All platforms look alike to
me," it is evident that a good many Populists and
not a few Democrats are not equally capable of going
it blind where party principles are concerned.
Men have begun to abandon the fusion camp on
both sides. Proofs of dissatisfaction are to be found
in every county. Protesting voices from stalwart
Democrats and from middle-of-the-road Populists
are heard with too much frequency to be ignored, and
up to this time there has not been a single enthusi
astic Maguire ratification meeting anywhere in the
State.
Campaign prospects are in fact encouraging from
every point of view. Republicans have nothing for
which to apologize, nothing to explain. The pledges
of the Presidential contest of two years ago have
been gloriously fulfilled by the administration, pros
perity has returned, a war has been fought to a suc
cessful conclusion and the great principles of repub
licanism have been gloriously vindicated by the con
trast of conditions now with what they were during
the Democratic administration.
In California the nominations for State offices have
been so fortunately selected that the support of in
dependent voters will be confirmed to the party of
protection and sound money. It is a sure victory,
therefore, unless we should become too sanguine and
relax our efforts before election day.
DEFINITE PROPOSALS WANTED.
rROM the coming convention which has been
called to discuss the Nicaragua Canal project
the public will expect something more than
elaborate arguments on the importance of such a
waterway and general resolutions favoring its con
struction. Enough of such things have been provided
in the past. The great mass of the American people
are now convinced of the need of the canal. What
is desired at this time is some definite plan for at
taining it
On two points the people are virtually agreed.
First, the canal should be constructed, and second,
its construction and its operation when completed
should be under the control of the United States.
Wide differences of opinion exist, however, as to the
feasibility of making a practicable commercial water
way across Nicaragua, and the cost of such a canal
if. it be feasible. These differences exist because of
the confusion and contradiction in the reports that
have been given out concerning the proposed route,
and it is to be hoped that at the convention there
will be made public a sufficient mass of information
to put an end to all honest doubts as to the possi
bility of making the enterprise successful at a cost
not in excess of its usefulness.
It has long been maintained by some opponents of
the construction and control of the proposed canal
by the United States Governirtent that the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty stood in the way of such an undertak
ing. It is well known that by that treaty the United
States and Great Britain mutually agreed with refer
ence to a ship canal across Nicaragua that neither
government should obtain or maintain any exclusive
control over such canal or colonize or exercise any
dominion over any part of Central America; and fur
thermore that the two powers would jointly protect
any parties having authority from the local govern
ment to construct the canal and would guarantee its
neutrality.
There can be no question that in times past this
treaty has been a serious stumbling block in the way
of the advocates of the construction of the canal by
our Government, but it is no longer of great moment.
It may be regarded as certain that Great Britain
would raise no objection whatever to our assertion
of supremacy over the waterway. In fact Sir Charles
Dilke, one of the greatest authorities on the foreign
affairs of Great Britain, has recently asserted in an
article published in the Pall Mall Gazette: "By Lord
Salisbury's sudden change of front in the Venezuelan
question we have accepted the leadership of the
United States in matters American, and the policy of
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty is dead and can never be
revived."
To that extent then the pathway for the construc
tion of the canal by the Government and its opera
tion under Government control is made plain. All
that remains now is to formulate some plan of action
that will be acceptable to the country and to Con
gress. If the coming convention can put forward such
a plan it will fulfill a useful purpose. If on the other
hand it is simply going to discuss the issue theo
retically it will be of no service to any one. This is
one of the questions on which it may be safely said
no further campaign 'of education is necessary. What
i* wanted is some proposal so definite that it will
prepare the way for action.
TWO VIEWS OF ARMIES.
A WRITER for the London Times states that
German authorities on military matters main
tain that unless the United States should re
organize their army on the European model they will
never rank as a great military power; the argument
eing that without a vast standing army, drilled and
molded together into a spirit of absolute organic dis
cipline, the United States cannot successfully face any
other power in the possession of such an army.
One German writer is quoted as saying that four
millions of raw soldiers would not seriously alter the
ituation nor greatly add to our military strength.
These millions, he says, must be drilled and taught
the science of war if they are to be of use against
armies obeying one voice and moving as the wheels
of an engine with one motion, impelled by one force
and directed against one end.
A contrary view of the subject is taken by a writer
for the London Spectator, who, while conceding the
need of discipline in an army, asserts that it can be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 29, 1898.
acquired by willing troop 6in a time so short that long
service with the standards and years of drill are not
necessary. According to this writer, it a nation it
provided with a proper military staff and has a corps
of well-trained officers to rely upon for the drilling of
its raw recruits, it can put an effective army in the
field within three months, and that such an army
would be competent to fight great battles against the
best-drilled regulars in the world.
These views are each of them more or less biased.
It is inevitable that a German should regard the mili
tary system of his nation as being well nigh perfect,
for it has accomplished extraordinary triumphs on the
field of battle. It is equally inevitable that the Brit
ish, who rely largely upon a volunteer system for the
protection of their island against invasion, should
have confidence in their ability to meet and match any
nation that may come against them.
There is no way of determining positively which of
the two views is the true one. History affords pre
cedents to sustain both sides. Over and over again
disciplined armies have routed large bodies of irregu
lar troops, but on the other hand volunteers, when
well organized and led by competent leaders, have
just about as often forced regulars to retreat. Our
military annals are full of instances of conflicts be
tween volunteers and regulars; and, if in one war it is
true that disciplined British troops carried the heights
of Bunker Hill, it is none the less true that in another
war the American volunteers held the redoubts of
New Orleans against troops who had been trained
and practiced for years in the long campaigns against
Napoleon.
The issue is not one of any particular importance to
us, because whatever force we may need for protec
tion against a foreign foe we can easily raise, but to
Europe it is a matter of great moment. If three
months' drill under the direction of a staff of capable
officers can enable raw recruits to fight on equal
terms against regular armies, it will be possible for
the nations to" put an end to the military system that
is now crashing the people and effectually provide for
national defense without having to resort to despotic
militarism.
THE SHIP THAT STOOD BY.
IN the news of the world told by The Call yester
day there was no item more gratifying to the love
of heroism instinctive in human hearts than that
which briefly related the story of how Captain Ras
mussen of the San Francisco schooner Golden Shore
stood by the British ship Crown of India during a
storm and stayed with her until all danger to her
crew was passed.
The Crown of India had started from New South
Wales for this port, but when about 150 miles off
shore was caught by what is known in Australia as
"the great Maitland storm," one of the severest tem
pests that has swept that part of the ocean for a long
time. By the fury of the winds the ship was partially
dismasted and was exposed to the imminent danger
of becoming a total wreck.
* While laboring in this way under disadvantages in
the terrific hurricane the crew of the Crown of India
saw many ships scud past them without making any
effort to help them in their distress. Each captain
and master was intent on saving his own vessel and
gave no aid to save the Crown of India. It seemed
that the terror of the storm had overcome the courage
and humanity that are so common among seamen,
and that in this Instance the dismasted ship with her
endangered crew would find no assistance whatever
so long as the tempest raged.
It was after many ships had passed and gone on
their way before the winds and waves that the Golden
Shore came in sight of the Crown of India and saw
the plight in which she was struggling for life. Her
captain was not of the kind that forsakes a fellow
seaman in distress. Despite the force of the tempest
he stood by the laboring vessel and stayed with her
until the storm was over and all danger past. The
presence of this brave ship and the consciousness that
help would be given if necessity came cheered the
men of the Crown of India and they brought their
vessel safely through the storm and all was well.
Having been towed back to Sydney after the tem
pest the Crown of India found the Golden Shore
lying at Newcastle, and then the brave deed of the
American captain was told by the grateful Britisher.
The heroic nature of the deed was suitably recog
nized. Through the Mayor of Newcastle there was
presented to Mrs. Rasmussen a diamond and to Cap
tain Rasmussen a locket of gold bearing the inscrip
tion: "From Captain Corkhill of the British ship
Crown of India to Captain Rasmussen of the Ameri
can four-masted schooner Golden Shore — the ship
that did stand by."
Deeds like that done by the Golden Shore can
never be too often commemorated nor too much
honored. They illustrate the nobility of which human
nature is capable and prove how superior is the cour
age of a hero to any dangers that may confront him
on land or sea. By his conduct Captain Rasmussen
upheld the best traditions of American seamanship.
He takes his place among those brave and faithful
heroes unknown to fame who have made our mer
chant marine honored throughout the earth. Our
flag in battle has not been more gloriously upheld
by the Oregon itself than it was in that fierce hurri
cane of the southern seas by the Golden Shore — the
ship that did stand by.
Without desiring to flatter the Post it may be re
marked that it can think of more fool guessing
schemes than any other paper in the land, or at least
that it has the temerity to spring a lot no other pub
lication would have the nerve to father.
Roosevelt's friends seem to have every confidence
that if their Teddy wants anything he has only to
ask for it. They have already elected him President
in 1904 and given him a second term.
The Czar of Russia asks for universal disarmament
and peace. Incidentally the Czar also wants time to
finish his Siberian railway and complete arrange
ments to grab everything in sight.
An exchange expresses hope that during 1900 the
monthly magazines will catch up with the end of the
war. And what if they do? They will simply begin
the whole thing over again.
According to the St. Louis Republic General Miles
is "palchritudinous." We submit that this is no time
to be calling the officers of the army names.
Populists are credited with having caused a politi
cal muddle in Idaho. There is nothing of record to
show that they ever caused anything else.
This is a cosmopolitan town. The editor of the
Dawson Digger has just been elected president of
the San Francisco Press Club.
Now that the blame for the tragic death of Mrs.
Paxton has been fixed the matter will drop, if the
usual course be followed.
"No less a person than the Prince of Turin," etc.,
announces an evening paper. There is no less a per
son.
INVOLVES A LITTLE MENTAL CALCULATION.
[Prom the Chicago Inter-Ocean.]
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
William Lombard of Wheatland Is at
the Rues.
J. L. McCoy, a rancher of Fresno, i«
at the Russ.
C. J. Beloll, a merchant of San Jose, Is
at the Grand.
Ellsworth Ingalls of Atchleon, Kans., Is
at the Palace.
A. S. Humphreys and wife of Honolulu
are at the Palace.
John H. Dale, a cattleman of Eden Val
ley, is at the Russ.
C. M. Wheeler, an attorney of Eureka,
1b at the Occidental.
Charles Harrah, a prominent Phlla
delphian. Is at the Palace.
Fred Waterhouse and wife ot Hono
lulu are at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Stlmson of New
York are at the Occidental.
William W. Dodge and son of Wash
ington, D. C, are at the Palace.
A. B. Erickson, J. Hansen and Sam Ly
tel of Humboldt are at the Russ.
S. H. Hamburger, a well-known attor
ney of New York, Is at the Palace,
G. N. Watson, F. R. Georgeson and W.
Greenwald of Eureka are at the Grand.
E. W. Thatcher, a hotel man, and Lu
clen Galne of Hopland are at the Grand.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVItS.
The British Admiralty has selected
black as the best and leai.t distinguish
able color for torpedo boats.
The new Chinese cruiser Hal-Yung of
2960 tons, built at Stettin, arrived at
Shanghai July 22, manned by Germans
and flying the German flag.
The British cruiser Nlobe of 11,000 tons
has passed through her eight-hour trial
under full power and developed 16,834
horse power— 334 over the contract — and
made a log speed of 20.5 knots, which tal
lies with the calculated speed. The ship
was somewhat light on a mean draught
of 25 feet 3 Inches, the Intended load
draught being 26 feet.
New Foundland Is to have a naval re
serve. Five hundred fishermen are to be
drilled by special Instructors from the
royal navy, and as It Is said that the men
are to receive $60 a month while under In
struction, there should be no trouble
about getting the requisite number of
men and of the very best and hardiest of
any seafaring population.
The Brazilian torpedo cruiser Tnrnogo,
1038 tons, has been launched at the Ger
manla yard. K!pL The vessel Is 269 feet
In length, 28 feet 10 Inches and on a
draught of 9 feet 10 Inches carries 100 tons
of coal. The engines are 700 horse power
and are to give a speed of 23 knots. Her
armament consists of two 3.9 Inch, six 2.2
inch, two 3-pounders and two machine
guns.
Of the 190 vessels in active commission
in the British navy one-flfth are over 9000
tons. Twenty-two, including 20 battle
ships and 2 cruisers, are over 14,000 tons;
11 are between 12.000 and 14,000 tons, 7 of
which are battleships; 10 are between
10,000 and 12,000 tons and include 2 bat
tleships. Forty-three are less than 1000
tons. These 190 ships do not Include tor
pedo-boat destroyers.
In Japan the navy is very popular, more
so than the army, partly owing to the fact
that the pay is better than in the army.
A major In the infantry receives only $27 a
month and has to keep a horse, while in
the navy an officer of like rank gets a
higher salary and dispenses with the
horse. There are now 295 naval cadets
at the academy and 59 are to graduate
this year. At the recent examination
preparatory to entry mere were 1093 ap
plicants present from which to fill vacan
cies numbering only 130.
The British cruiser Powerful on the
China station appears at last to have got
her machinery into working order. She
made the trip from Wei-Hai-Wei to
Yokohama, leaving the former place at 7
p. m. July 27. and arriving at Yokohama
July 30, at noon. Her first trial was 6t
eight hours' duration, the engines work-
Ing up to 18,562 horse power, giving a
speed of 20.2 knots. The second trial
lasted 2 1 £ hours, giving 21,043 horse power
and 20.7 knots speed and the third trial
of 13Vi hours resulted in 19 knots speed
with 15,755 horse power. The average
speed of the trip was 17% knots.
Accidents have been ratuer numerous
of late In the French navy. The battle
ship Hoche ran on an uncharted rock in
Qulberon Bay last month and had a nar
row escape from becoming a total wreck.
She is now in dock undergoing extensive
repairs. The keel will have to be re
moved for the entire length, 19S lineal feet
of bottom plating on each side was ripped
open and the frames In wake of the rents
have ben broken and twisted. Two hun
dred men are at work repairing damages
and while the ship is in the hands of the
dockyard men it has been determined to
give her a new set of boilers, all of which
will take her out of service for at leaat a
year. -
Jeanne d'Arc, the latest French ar
mored cruiser, is claimed to be the best
ship of that typo in any navy and far
superior to the two monster cruisers of
Gerat Britain. The Jeanne d'Arc is of
11,270 tons displacement md has a belt of
Harveylzed steel 3 to 6 Inches thick, while
the Terrible and Powerful, nearly 2800
tons larger, have no hull protection. The
speed of the French cruiser is to be 23
knots, the three engines to develop 28,000
horse power. The battery is rather light,
consisting of two 7.6 inch, eight 5% inch
and twelve 3.9 Inch in the main arma
ment. On 26 feet 7 inches the ship will
carry 1400 tons of coal, but the bunker
capacity is 2100 tons.
FREIGHTS TO CHINA.
The Association of Chambers of Com
merce recently memorialized the Board
of Trade in reference to the comparative
rates of freight from English and Ameri
can perts to China. This memorial was
referred to the Liverpool Steamship Own
ers' Association for Its observations. Mr.
Norman Hill, the secretary, in reply,
states that some time back the rate for
a particular class of American goods
forwarded to Liverpool in transit to a
Chinese port was, for the voyage from
Liverpool to China, less than the rate
?K°lrr f °r,some English goods sent from
L l^ th »°» Ol t>, dIr Ct *? China, the reason be
ing n th» the American goods weighed less
than the English goods - This rate, how
waTdrawn dls nl i nUed when attention
rate drawn to the fact that it might ODe
thls U r d ' Cla i ly to man ufacturers In
«oodH rf th"- AS a result " no American
to Chfni VtL ss T c ( lass wer <? now forwarded
sent fro™ '"'verpool. as they could be
of frel*M ££ rk dlrect at a ies » rate
££$&_ £W »"-"<*" *!S
United Stnt^f fr^ ccr tain ports in the
than the «?«'? Chlna ar e at times less
add^ that from this country, but he
tff Unft^R e t- 88 t ervloe - in^ ntalne< » between
comLrpd .Si 68 a u d China ls no * to be
thf corts nY^, the servlce between
ivl f- 0 / 18 °" this country and China
New cr Yo O rk r ?rVtM lty ° r * -»W The
by railMv n g f1 c ' ar^ el >' controlled
s^ffwsaagia/s ?? hh a e n P £^
' ne fi / h « railway companies in the Uni
ted States are quoting for the "arrive of
carloads of produce from New York and
b mroFiadi in t the States, e^n V through
rates of t£! n & tO " on Kkong. the same
the ™L ght as they are charging for
sco ThL arr ' age a lone to San Fran
cisco These companies are therefore
making absolutely no charge for the o?e?
nnrt car riage rom San Francisco to the
port of Hongkong. -Tendon Times.
JOSEPH R. DRAKES GRAVE.
Joseph Rodman Drake, author of "The
American Flag," lies buried in a curious
and neglected little cemetery in Morris
ania, in the borough of the Bronx. The
visitor from Manhattan should tak- a
Southern Boulevard car at Harlem Bridge :
a F d ge ,V, off at Hunts Point road. Going
™£& thl , s rr v-thev -the pilgrim should «■- I
nu-mber to keep to his left-he will nnd
himself on a beautiful and well-keDt rural
avenue, overarched with magnificent
shade trees and lined on either side with
massive stone fences inclosing splendid
estates. After going along this lovely
sylvan thoroughfare in a leisurely man
ner for about twenty minutes a sharp
turn in the road to the left will nppri3e \
the visitor that he is within a stone's
throw of the patriotic young poet's grave.
Skirting the roadside 150 feet away he wiil
notice a clump of thickly clustering trees
of perhaps an acre in extent. In the heai t
of this copse the ancient burying
ground lies. But so densely huddled' to- j
gether are - the trees, and so wild and
tangled is the vegetation with which It
Is overrun, that the wayfarer would be j
likely to pass it by oblivious of Its" char
acter.
The stone steps which one© invited en
trance to the graveyard are falling . into
ruin. The old wooden gate is still intact
and swings outward on its rusty iron
hinges; but a formidable barrier of
prickly vines and scrubby undergrowth
on the other side repels the intruder. No i
gateway, however, is now necessary. A
narrow path leads from Hunts -Point
road, up a slight incline, direct to Drake's
tomb.' And as the pilgrim pushes aside
the bushes and brambles that beset him i
and clambers up, the first monument
that greets his sight will be that of the
author of "The American Flag," which
bears the following Inscription: ;
SACRED
to the memory
of
JOSEPH R. DRAKE. M. D.,
who died Sept. 21st,
1820,
aged 25 years.
None knew him but to love him.
Nor named him but to praise.
Renovated by the
BROWNSON LITERARY UNION,
July 25th, 1891.
The Brownson Literary Union has
sought to protect it by surrounding it
with a fence of iron railings. But the
handiwork of the vandal Is nevertheless
manifest, for an appreciable chunk of
marble has been hammered away from
the monument. Several withered wreaths
— relics of Memorial day — hang over the
shaft and over the spikes of the railings.
The stump of a hewn giant lies molder
ing in tne earth close to the grave.
Apart from the literary interest attach
ing to it, this little cemetery is a quaint
old place. There are perhaps thlrtv tomb
stones still remaining, many of which are
dedicated to* the Hunt family. A two
foot brownstone slab, from which a frag
ment is missing, but which is otherwise
wonderfully well preserved, is inscribed
as follows:
Here lyes the Bo [dy]
of ELIZ'TH HUNT
wife of Capt.
Thomas Hunt
Aged 67 years
Dec'd April 27, 1729.
Near by stands a rough and weather
worn granite stone of the same unpreten
tious dimensions, bearing these words
which the elements have rendered almost
indecipherable:
Here lies the Body
of THOMAS HUNT
aged 73 years
October 29
1739
,c A , noth , ei \_ Thomaß Hunt was interred in
I*oß and his wife Hannah In 1812 and
while the stones over their remain's Ire
larger and handsomer than those whfch
mark the graves of the first couple they
are still simple, notably so when com
pared with a marble monument near by
whose perfect condition contrast
strangely with the lldness ofits su
roundlngs. A dateless Inscription carved
thereon in bold relief reads as follows:
SARAH, MAKGARET,
AND ELIZA
DArG V£iLrH^z latb
•■■."«. ■ ... - . ♦>
t The following admonition Is copied from
the tombstone i 7 72: Elizabeth WlUett ' who
died -June 19.1772: VVUlett ' who
Behold and see as you pass by
As you are Now so Once was I,
As I am Now you Soon will be
Prepare for Death and Follow me.
Among the names of the dead are those
of Leaycraft \an Ranst, Bartow. Tal
man and kinship. Drake^s nearest neigh-
. bor i 0 'o 3 r Car " lin w e Matilda Tillow. who died
n ii : th< L vlsltor regretted that he
could not decipher the poetical tribute to
lifaVhuThes': * 6 * raVe U over « rown wlth
A street crossing Hunts Point road has
been named after Drake, and others after
I.onefellow, Bryant. Whittier. Halleck
and Payne. But most of them have mere
ly an official existence on the municipal
charts and have not yet been cut
through.— New Sun.
THE CHERRY TREE.
It would seem that the cherry tree
though Introduced into England in the
Roman dajs. was first in fashion and ex
cellence in Henry VIII's time. His fruit
erer, Richatd Haines. who seems to have
been one of the fortunate members of h:a
humbler entourage, who preserved his fa
vor — the loft'er ones mostly found their
way ultimately to Tower Hill— introduced
new sorts from Flanders, and these were
planted in Kent, whence grew the fame of
Kentish cherrVs. still flourisning. There
is an account <f a cherry orchard in Kent
In 1540 of thir'.y-two acres which pro
duced fruit that sold in those early days
for £1000 an enormous sum, as land at
that time let at a shilling per acre.— From
the Gentlemen's Magazine.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS,
NO PREXni'M-O. S.. City. No prem
ium is offered for quart ere of the United
States minted lat(r than ihi4.
YON MOLTKE-F. H.. City. Hellmuth
yon Moltke. who in I*7l was raised to the
26. ISOO.
A VICTORIA SlXPENCE— Subscriber,
Sunol Glen. Cal. An English sixpence of
the reign of Victoria, bearing date of
1«9 has a "cording to rom dealers, a sell-
Ing" value of from 25_to 40 cents.
ENLISTING IN THE NAVY-S. H.,
Modesto. Cal. The naval rendezvous in
San Francisco. where applications
should be made by those who wish to
enlist boys in the United States navy, la
at 10 California street.
NOTARY PUBLIC-E. M. F City. Th«
Governor of the State of California ap
points all notaries, as many as the law
allows for each county. Such officer
hold office for two years and have to h«
recommissioned every two years. A- ma n
who wishes to be a notary public should
have a general knowledge of the law, but
it does not follow that he should be a
lawyer, admitted to the bar.
DR. ORD— In answer to a correspond- ;
ent a few days ago it was stated thai
when last heard of Dr. J. L. Or d, former
ly surgeon, U. S. A., was a resJd«nt«M
Monterey. A correspondent kindly in
forms this department that some time
since the doctor removed from Paclna
Grove which is adjacent to Monterey,
and took up his residence in Washing
ton D C, at the home of his daugh
ter." _____
MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE— C. 8.,
Vallejo, Cal. If a man obtains a divorce
in the State of California, he cannot
marry again In this Staie until a year
after the issuance of the decree. If he
wants to marry again he may go to an
other State and marry. In all the States
and Territories, except New Mexico, New
Jersey, New York, North Dakota and Ok
lahoma a marriage license la required.
MAIL FOR HONOLULU— Reader, Hay
wards, Cal. Mall for Honolulu will leave
San Francisco at 10 o'clock In the morn
ing of the following dates: September Z
and 17, October 1 and November 11 and
20. Via Vancouver, B. C, It will leave al
7 o'clock in the morning on the following
dates: September 22, October 20, Novem
ber 17 and December 15. It is possible that
there will be Intermediate dates, but as to
that threre is no certainty.
DARK DAYS— O. E., Pacheco, Contra
Costa County, Cal. There have been a
great many dark days in the past hun
dred years or more. On the 19th of May,
1780, there was the dark day of New Eng
land. It extended from Maine into New
York and New Jersey, but was most In
tense in Massachusetts and the lower por
tion of New rtampshire. It lasted from
10 o'clock in the forenoon till midnight,
and during its prevalence it was impossi
ble to read ordinary print. Candles had to
be lighted within doors, and animals, mis
taking the hour, went to Blep. January 1,
1816, was a close, dark day, and the 21st
of October of the same year was another
; dark day. Thomas Roble, who took ob
• servations at Cambridge, Mass., wrote:
• "The day (21st) was so dark that people
! were forced to light candles to eat their
dinners by." This could not be from an
eclipse, the solar eci.pse being on the 4th
of that month, seventeen days before. On
the 29th of November, ISI6, the day was
so dark In London, England, that it is
recorded that "in the neighborhood of
Camberwell and 'Walworth it was so
completely dark that the men driving
stages were obliged to dismount and by
the light of a lantern lead their horses "
On the famous dark day in New England
many thought that the day of judgment
had come. Professor F. A. P. Barnard
accounts for the dark days simply by the
presence of ordinary clouds of unusual
volume and intensity. Superstitious per
sons associate such days with the day of
final judgment.
THE SIMPLE TRUTH.
The San Francisco Call is to be con
gratulated on its splendid account of the
Republican State Convention at Sacra
mento. Its account of the proceedings
was exactly as stated in the caption—
"complete." — Vallejo Chronicle.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Buy wall paper and window shades at
Clark's, 658 Market street. Country or
ders solicited. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Northern Pacific Railway.
First-class rate aa well as second class re
duced 75 per cent to all points In Montana, Min
nesota and the Eastern States. Elegant serv
ice, dining care on every train. Only line oper
ating through upholstered tourist cars. T. K.
BTATELER, G. A.. 63S Market St.. S. F.
First and Second
Class rates again reduced -via the Santa Fc
route. Call at the new ticket office. 828 Market.
"I see," said the elderly boarder, "that
the paper says the foe retreated dogged
ly. I wonder what Bort of retreat that
was?"
"Presumably," said the Cheerful Idiot,
"they took to their barks."— lndianapolis
Journal.
"Mrs. Winslow*s Soothing Syrup"
Hai been used over fifty years by millions ot
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
the «^ims. allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, re§>
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising: from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Window's Soothing; Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advanta**
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, Including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PRAISE FROM THOSE
WHO KNOW
what fine laundry work is, is where
we receive encomiums, and which we
value. When the old time housekeep-
er tells you that our perfectly laun-
dered linen is a marvel to her, as is the
manner our fine domestic or gloss fin-
ish is laid on shirt front, collar or
cuff, you know that it is up-to-date
and beyond competition.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.DAWSON HAS A
BUSTLING RIVAL
IN ATLIN CITY
Steady Rush to the
New Diggings.
IT'S A POOR MAN'S LAND
SURFACE PROSPECTS VERY
: PROMISING.
. In Claims Within a Large Area From
Eight to Twenty Dollars a Day-
Can Be Taken Ou* With
Pan and Rocker.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
LAKE BENNETT, Alaska, Aug. 22
(by steamship Faxallon to Port Towns
end, Aug. 28).— For the first time in
over a year interest in the Klondike
gold creeks is overshadowed by some
thing else, the discovery (if new gold
diggings about 500 miles nearer than
the El Dorado of the Yukon Valley.
Reports which continue to come up
the lakes from Atlin Lake are very en- ;
couraging. Men are rushing into the re- j
gion and have been since my first report
of two weeks ago. Travel by steamship
is very expensive, especially when one :
carries along an outfit sufficient for a ■
season. Many have come to Lake Ben- j
nett and found they did not have
money enough to go farther, or food
enough to last them while they built a
boat. . They have, consequently, gone
back to Dyea, Skaguay or Juneau for
more money and more "gTub." Beyond
.■question there will be a large-sized
. . Winter camp at the new diggings — per
haps three of them. Three towns have
■ already been- started. One is at Dis
: covery Camp, eight miles up Pine
.Creek, another at the mouth of the
. creek, on the lake, and the third at the
head of Atlintoo River, the water com
•■. munication between the Takou arm of
: Lake Tagish and Lake Atlin.
•"Lumber is exceedingly scarce. The
• erection 'of buildings is greatly im
\ peded. Communities of tents are
■.springing up as they did at first at
.." pyea, Skaguay and Dawson, to develop
. later into substantial cities. There is
• hardly enough lumber to construct
sluice boxes for the claims. Every board
-shipped in is gobbled up before it leaves
the water or is bought ahead. A small
• ' saw mill is making proportionately as
'•. much money as can be taken out of the
: best diggings In Alaska.
.". A half dozen other creeks which have
been prospected show rich colors to the
pan on the surface. All are reported to
present a large area of gravel which at
the aurgace prospects indicate that
from. $3 to $20 a day may be taken out ,
with pan and rocker. If this estimate
holds up a large area of the Atlin Lake
district will be a poor man's country.
| This Is already beginning to be Quite j
generally realized.
First reports of the Atlin diggings
were exaggerated by those coming out.
The fact is, however, that there is gold
and .considerable of it on Pine and ;
Spruce creeks; that bedrock has been
reached in but half a dozen places, and i
the surface prospects of the entire
■ region, hundreds of miles in extent, are
very- promising. It is quite possible
that = by next spring Dawson may have
a very lively rival in Atlin City, at the
■ mouth. of Pine Creek.
.- ■./Food 'is very scarce. Nearly every
"■roan took in only enough to last while
he staked a claim. More provisions are
. g!ding in and many are coming: out af- j
t't food. All kinds of provisions are ;
• very." high. '.
jßeul estate speculators are sending
■.the .wildest kinds of reports out and
'.making desperate efforts to get them
printed in San Francisco and Seattle
• : newspapers. Twenty thousand dollars,
. Is said to have been offered for Discov- ',
' cry claim on Pine Creek and refused, j
■June&u has sent in an expedition to
Open a trail from Takou Inlet, near that j
■.place, to Atlin, a short and compara- I
' lively easy route to Lake Atlin.
FORTUNES BROUGHT
P . BY THE FARALLON
Returned Klondikers Carry Seven
: Hundred Thousand Dollars in
Gold and Checks.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
■ • JUXEAU. Aug. 25, by steamship
' • Farallon to Port Tcmnsend, Aug. 28.— j
The Farallon brings down from Lynn j
Canal twenty-five Klondikers, who j
' came .up the river from Dawson. The
population in Dawson is greatly con
• . gested, but it soon will be relieved, as
■" hundreds are returning to their homes
..In the East by both up and down river j
routes.
.* Several were on board who had run ;
. up to the new diggings. on Atlln Lake. j
.•\Vith two or three exceptions they re- i
port the Atlin Lake region a country
of great possibilities in placer mining.
' .Most of the Klondikers aboard the j
•Farallon are men who went in last i
X fummer and are going back home. They
have no gold, except what they took ,
in with them. A. Jinto of Douglas
, island, who owns a claim at Dawson,
. brought out $125,000 in checks and is
• bound for Seattle and San Francisco.
James Jensen has, his friends say,
about $50,000 in checks on San Fran- i
cisco and Seattle. The Farallon car- j
ries at least $700,000. The Alaska Com- j
mercial Company and the North Amer- j
ican Trading and Transportation Com- i
pany are doing most of the exchange i
• 'business, for which they charge 6 per
cent. ,
• •.. -Speculators who; succeeded in taking j
• ■ In fancy groceries and fruit this sum
.' mer have turned it over at a profit that
■ "would make a San Francisco business
man's eyes "pop out and his mouth
widen into a grin of astonishment as
• wide as a longitudinal excerpt in a
■ watermelon. Many opportunities In .this i
way are still open, but the greatest j
' obstacle to overcome is to keep posted |
, oV what thing is immediately needd |
•'. or has a good chance of being sold at a
profit. Thre is considerable speculation j
•between Juneau and Skaguay and i
. : Dawson, and a few men have turned j
over small fortunes in so small a time
. as thirty days by getting into Dawson j
" with the right article at the right time.
«-
MAJOR WALSH ON
THE YUKON OUTPUT
Canadian Ex-Commissioner Says It
Will Continue to Increase
From Year to Year.
SEATTLE, Aug. 28.— The steamship
Bouth Portland arrived in port this
■morning from St. Michael, having left
there on August 15. Purser Worm es
timates the amount of gold dust on
board at $150,000. Among the fortunate
returned Klondikers were J. A. Walsh
of Redland, Cal. He had about $12,000
in dust and nuggets. E. J. Linen of
San Francisco and his partner, Bert
Floyd, had about $10,000 each. Various
others had amounts ranging from $1000
tv $13,000.
Major J. ML Walsh, ex-commissioner
of the Yukon district, was among the
passengers from the Yukon country to
arrive in Seattle this morning via the
lakes. He is en route to Ottawa to
make an official report. He talked at
length to The Call correspondent re
garding the conditions in the great gold
lieid in the north. In speaking of the
probable changes in the laws governing
royalties he yaid that since coming to
Seattle he had met several men who
had just arrived from Ottawa and they
informed him that any recommenda
tions he would make to the Canadian
Government would unquestionably be
enacted into laws.
If the information received by Major
Walsh from these men proves to be
correct, he stated in positive language,
all grievances would be removed short
ly after he submitted his official report
and recommendations to the Dominion
Government. The report would be ac
companied by a petition from Yukon
miners.
Major Walsh takes exception to the
charges made through the 'newspapers
against the Yukon officials, and is out
spoken in his declaration that all com
plaints have been made by calamity
howleri and not by legitimate miners.
He says 20,000 men have already gone
to the Klondike, and half of them gave
grievances against the other half as
a consequence of violation of contracts,
agreements, etc.
The ex-commissioner denies a report
sent out criticizing the Yukon officials
and alleging that they endeavored to
discourage the Fourth of July celebra
tion. He pronounces this a malicious
falsehood.
In ppeaking of the output for this
year and next season, the country and
the people in general Major Walsh
said:
Three million dollars was carried over
from last autumn and the output of gold
this year will exceed ten million dollars,
and perhaps reach eleven million. When
I left Dawson, on August 4. the spring
and summer output amounted to $8,500,000,
and we estimated that there was about
two millions still on the dump, most of
which could not be washed up for want
of water, but should be cleaned up by
the middle of September.
It will require this year about three
and a half million dollars to do business
In this district. A great deal of prospect
ing has been done on Dominion. Hunker
and Sulphur creeks during u*C winter and
spring, and this will increase next year's
output greatly. Royalty was not collect
ed from any claims which had not got
into good working order, and this would
represent quite a large sum. Many
claims, too. were exempted from royalty
on account of having been removed pre
vious to August 15, 1597, the date of the
law requiring the payment of royalty.
It is not the claim-holder who is mak
ing the greatest noise about the royalty.
He would certainly like to see It removed
or reduced, but he Is not howling about
it. It is the speculator, who thinks it In
terferes with his profits in selling claims
who grumbles most.
Gold mining in the British Yukon has
only commenced. Next year the output
should he $20,000,000 and it should con
tinue to Increase every year until It
reaches a sum which will class the dis
trict among the greatest mining camps
of the world.
With telegraph communication and Im
proved transportation facilities which
will soon come the cost of livine. the
price of labor and the cost of material re
quired for mining purposes will be so re
duced that thousands of a^res of land
which cannot now be worked profitahly
will be thrown open in such a manner
that the greatest of operations will be en
tirely satisfactory. • Some less expensive
way of thawing out the ground will be
found and a better process of mining
adopted. There Is a great field for hy
draulic operations, and this system will
be no doubt Introduced before long and
work done on a larger scale.
PRESIDENT SPENDS A
SABBATH AT SOMERSET
Meets and ttreets Old Acquaintances
and Attends Church With
Brother Abner.
SOMERSET. Pa.. Aug. 28.— President
McKinley came to Somerset to pass a
restful day and he has certainly accom
plished that purpose. It was the most
delightful day of the season here.
The President arose early and passed
an hour walking about town with his
brother Abner. Here and there he met
an old acquaintance and stopped for a
short talk. His determination to attend
the morning services at the Methodist
Church became known early and by the
usual time for opening the services every
seat except those reserved for the Presi
dent and his party was occupied. The
altar was tastefully decorated with white
chrysanthemums and . vari -colored lilies.
Mrs. Abner McKinley and her daughter,
Mabel, drove to the church in their car
riage and Abner McKinley and his dis
tinguished brother walked. A drive in
the country followed, the President and
Mr?. McKinley being accompanied by
Mr. and Mrs. Abner McKinley.
The President is greatly pleased with
his visit here and regrets that it cannot
be extended, but arrangements having
been made for his visit to the military
camp at Montauk on Saturday necessi
tated his leaving here to-morrow.
UNVEILS A MONUMFNT
TO HIS GRANDFATHER;
Czar Nicholas Extols the Virtues of
Alexander II and Decorates
His Supporters.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 28.— T0-day,
upon the ocf r. on of the unveiling at
Moscow of a monument to Czar Alexan
der 11, grandfather of the present Czar,
Emperor Nicholas issued an ukase refer
ring to the event and eulogizing the deeds
of the deceased, notably the liberation of
the peasants from bondage, which earned
him the name of "The .Deliverer" in the
mouth of a grateful people.
The ukase concludes: "Wishing to seal j
more firmly the memory of this historical i
deed, we have resolved to make hereditary
the wearing and possession of the medals
he conferred upon his co-operators as a ]
sign of his gracious acknowledgment of \
their labors."
The Czar sent to M. Constantine Pobl- i
edonostoff, procurator general of the Holy
Synod, the decoration of the Order of St.
Andrew, together with an imperial re- '
script, reminding him that he, oi all the
close co-operators with ti.e deceased
monarch, alone remains in possession of
the chlefship of the administrative de- j
partment then intrusted to him.
His Majesty then proceeds to express
his gratitude, and eulogizes M. Pobiedo
nostoff's patriotism and valued services j
to the coutry, the church and himself.
— *
Yellow Fever Suspects ' Detained.
LA GRANDE, Tex., Aug. 28.— Accord- I
ing to Mexican reports twenty-six yellow j
fever suspects are held by the quarantine :
guards at Eagle Pass, Tex. They came
from points in the infected district of ]
Mexico and will be hold a sufficient time
to establish their freedom from con- j
tagion. _________________
Will Celebrate the New Year.
The Hebrew Sephardim congregation
will celebrate the coming New Tear and
Day of Atonement on September 17, 18 and
26 at Fraternity Hall, B'ne B'rith build
ing. The congregation is a small one,
composed of orthodox Jews from different
narta of the Orient, and their common
sympathy will bring them together to
worship according to their ancient rites.
Rev. H. J. Abraham will condust the ser
vices. _
Charged With Burglary.
James Gannon and William Gannon got
k oo much liquor in them Saturday night,
and about 2 o'clock yesterday morning
they were discovered in the house of Mrs.
Donnelly, 16 Decatur street. She raised
an alarm and they were arrested by Spe
cial Officers Sequin and Lawler. They
had not stolen anything, but everything
In the room where they were found was
turned upside down. A charge of bur
glary was entered against them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 29, 1898.
SAGASTA SAYS
THAT SPAIN IS
STILL AT WAR
Hostilities Are Merely
Suspended.
DISCUSSION IS NOT IN ORDER
SO THE PREMIER INTENDS TO
CURB THE CORT.SS.
A» Present the Supreme Councils of
War and Marine Will Have
Exclusive Control of all
Peace Matters.
MADRID, Aug. 28.— Senor Sagasta,
the Premier, is quoted as having, in the
course of an interview, made state
ments declaring that it was the Gov
ernment's intention to repress the dis
cussion of war topics in the Cortes. He
said that as soon as the Cortes met the
Government would submit a bill au
thorizing peace negotiations and next
a measure relating to the suppression
of the constitutional guarantee.
Although Senor Sagasta did not state
: the nature of this measure It is sup
posed it will provide for the continua
tion of suspension.
"The Government," said the Premier,
I "will not discuss in any form the ques
tions of peace or war. Indeed, the Dep
uties would be entirely lacking in the
material necessary for a decision. The
debate could not be issued on concrete,
positive facts, founded on indisputable
documents, since the necessary infor
mation has not yet arrived. I believe
no discussion of the surrender of San
tiago and Manila will occur, nor of the
destruction of the Spanish fleet, unless
trustworthy data and exact proofs are
at hand. Moreover, no discussion is
permissible of matters at present under
consideration of the supreme councils
of war and marine. Mistakes or blun
ders may have been committed, but
thus far we have not sufficient material
to judge.
"Another reason why questions of
peace and war should not be discussed
is that the diplomatic relations are now
being carried on and a debate on these
subjects might be provocative of com
plications. It must not be said that
peace is signed and discussion al
lowable. Peace is not signed. Spain
is still at war with the United States.
The two nations have merely con
cluded a suspension of hostilities in
order to negotiate peace. These nego
tiations may be brought to a success
ful Issue, but it might happen that hos
tilities will be recommenced.
"That is why I think the Cortes will
only be able to dispose of strictly nec
essary questions; that is, to make it
self acquainted with the situation of
interests now at stake which are so im
portant for the nation, but not to en
gage in debate which would assume
such proportions as to infringe upon
the discretion which the gravity of the
circumstances requires of the Cortes.
"Should they ask to have the docu
ments concerning the surrender of San
tiago and Manila and the destruction of
the fleet now in the Government's pos
session the Government would not ac
cede to the request. These papers are
in the hands of supreme councils, which
alone, before the proclamation of peace,
can conduct Inquiry and establish re
sponsibilities. The inquiries may re
sult in acquittals or severe sentences,
even the capital penalty."
CAPTURED GUERRILLAS
MACHETED BY CUBANS
Jibaro Taken by Assault With Can-
non, the Spaniards Losing
Eighty Killed.
HAVANA, Aug. 28.— The village of Ji
baro, near Sancti Splritus, Province of
Santa Clara, was recently taken by the
insurgents, who, it is said, captured eigh
teen Cuban guerrillas whom they ma
cheted in a most savage manner, merely
because they were natives of the island.
Later advices from Jlbaro say that on
July 1 the place was attacKed by insur
g'-n'ts under Brigadier Jose Muriel Gomez,
who employed cannon in the assault upon
the forts, which were defended by Span
ish forces. The attack was successful and
the insurgents captured the place. Of the
Spanish forty were k..ed. seventy wound
ed and ninety taken prisoners.
An engagement is reported to have ta
ken place on August 12 at Brujo, Pinar
del Rio Province, between a detachment
of Spanish troops from Alqulzar and a
band of Insurgents under tne leader Col
lazo. The Insurgents lost four killed. An
engagement is also saia to have taken
plare. on the same uay near Dona Juana
between troops from Santiago Las Vegas
and Insurgents.
FIVE HUNDRED JEWISH
FAMILIES WOULD GO
Barnett Bruzan's Plea to Establish
a Colony in Porto Rico Re
ceived With Favor.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 28.— Barnett
Pruzan's plan to form a Jewish colony for
Porto Rico has been taken up by several
families in other cities. Mr. Pruzan is
daily in receipt of letters of Inquiry re
garding the scheme from every portion
of the United States, and many have sig
nified a determination to go. Aasistant
Secretary of the Treasury Webster Davis
has been written to by the projector for
information as to the character of the
climate and soil of the island. Should the
land be thrown open to settlement, Mr.
Pruzan estimates that at least 800 fami
lies will at once embark for Porto Rico.
MONSTER PEACE JUBILEE.
Kansas City Making Preparations on
a Large Scale.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 28. -The
preparations for a peace Jubilee this fall
promise to evolve the greatest demonstra
tion Kansas City has ever seen. The
movement is already well under way and
a universal desire is shown to express in
a fitting manner the satisfaction felt over
the achievements' of the army and navy
and the culmination of peace. Mayor
Jones has apointed a committee of repre
sentative citizens to have general charge
of the demonstration.
POWERS ARE ENVIOUS.
Demand Chairs in the New Univer-
sity of Shanghai.
SHANGHAI Aug. 28.— A dispatch from
Peking, dated August 27, says the French,
Italian and Dutch Aunisters have formal
ly demanded a share for their respective
nationalities in the professional chairs at
the new university, of which an Ameri
can, Professor Martin, is president.
Fatal Fall of a Miner.
ANGELS CAMP, Aug. 28.— Vaul Tre
verso. a miner, fell a distance of 150 feet
and was instantly killed at the Schmadke
mine this afternoon. He was 2ti years old
and unmarried.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Budh, Larkln ats. ; swimming:, Russian, hot &
cold tub baths; salt water direct from ocean.
POISONER HAS
LEFT NO CLEW
Aged Mrs. Morse May
Not Be Avenged.
HER SONS LOSING HOPE
SEARCH FOB THE FIEND HAS
BEEN UNAVAILING.
Belief That the Death of Le Grand
Morse, and Not His Mother,
Was Sought hy a Ring
of Conspirators.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
POINT ARENA, Aug. 28.— The sons
of Mrs. Morse have about given up
hope of ever apprehending the fiend
who murdered their aged mother. In
a few days they will dispense with the
services of the private detective who
has been working on the case, realiz
ing the futility of further search for
the poisoner.
Downs, the blacksmith, vigorously
proclaims his innocence of any connec
tion with the crime. He declares that
little Minnie Bishop was mistaken
when she pointed him out as the man
she had seen leaving the Morse resi
dence on the evening preceding the
tragedy.
Many of the residents of this place
who at first refused to discuss the
crime have at last given rein to their
tongues and declare that Mrs. Morse
was the victim of a deep-laid conspir
acy. They believe there were two or
more persons implicated and that their
plan was to get rid not only of Mrs.
Morse, but of her two sons also. When
asked what motive could have
prompted the murder of the entire
family these wiseacres suddenly be
come uncommunicative, stroke their
chins and walk away.. Lewis Morse
ridicules the suspicion that the person
or persons who committed the crime
intended to poison him.
"In the first place," he remarked yes
terday, "I never eat mush and as ar
senic was placed in the oatmeal only, it
is evident that my life was not sought.
Our relatives, and in fact everybody in
town is aware of the fact that I am not
partial to mush. Whether the poison
was intended for my mother or brother
I cannot say. My poor mother did not
have an enemy, and why the fiend
should lay a murderous trap for her is
beyond my comprehension."
When asked if he did not think that
one of his relatives placed arsenic in
the oatmeal Mr. Morse rather hesitat
ingly answered that he couid not tell.
"It is all so strange," he remarked.
"Mother dead, a victim of a poisoner,
and the fiend still enjoying his free
dom. God only knows, I have done all
in my power to bring the guilty party
to Justice. As it appears now the awful
crime will go unavenged, unless the
criminal in after years, stricken by re
morse, voluntarily surrenders himself
prepared to meet the punishment that
is awaiting him."
Mr. Morse. like his brother. Le
Grand, cannot believe that Downs,
the son-in-law of LeGrand. had any
thing to do with the murder. "I know
some people have placed him under the
ban of suspicion." he remarked, "but
for what reason I am at a loss to un
derstand. He was devoted to my mother,
and was considered one of the family
by her. He is troubled with heart fail
ure, and, being unable to do heavy
work, he frequently attends to the
business of the store which is owned
by my brother. It is true that he had
access to the bottle containing arsenic,
which is In my brother's store, and
could have helped himself without my
brother knowing anything about it.
Until sufficient evidence Is obtained
connecting him with my mother's death
I will never believe that he had a hand
in it."
Le Grand Morse, who also ate of the
poisoned mush and narrowly escaped
the fate of his mother, believes in the
innocense of his son-in-law.
In Morse's store is a gTapaphone
which he recently purchased. Becom
ing tired of hearing the same old tune
Morse sent to San Francisco for some
new recorders for the graph aphone.
"It was the irony of my fate," he re
marked.
"When I picked up one of the record
ers the day before mv mother was mur
dered and placed it in the graphaphone
I heard that plaintiff air 'The Vacant
Chair.' Little did I think that on the
following day my poor mnther would
be dead, the victim of an assasin."
Mrs. Spauldlng remains in her room,
refusing to receive visitors and breath
ing vengeance against the citizens who
first accused her of the crime. At the
request of a detective who is here in
vestigating the murder, Harry Morse's
agency of San Francisco has wired the
authorities of El Paso, Texas, asking
them to trace the movements of Mrs.
Spauldlng's daughter a short time prior
to the murder. Information 1b desired
simply to convince several of the citi
zens of this town that she could not
have had a hand In the tragedy.
DIRE THREATS MADE
BY THE DEMOCRACY
Bryan to Be Renominated for Presi-
dent and Silver to Be the Issue
in 1900.
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— Leading mem
bers of the Democratic National Commit
tee declare with marked unanimity that
William J. Bryan will be nominated for
President in 1900 and that the silver ques
tion will be the main issue of the cam
paign.
Democrates who controlled the Chicago
convention have sent dispatches to the
Herald in response to a request for their
opinions upon an interview in which for
mer Governor Stone predicted Bryan'g
nomination in 1900, saying: that silver
would again be the predominant issue and
warning: New York Democrats that they
would be without standing in the Na
tional party If the Syracuse convention
next month should fail to uphold the
Chicago platform or should nominate a
gold Democrat for Governor.
All of the replies thus far received are
from party leaders In the Southern and
Western States. It is highly significant,
however, that practically all these mem
bers of the Democratic National Com
mittee are agreed about Colonel Bryan
and silver. The tenor of their expressions
indicates clearly that fne enthusiasm
aroused in the South and West during the
campaign of 18W5 is being maintained, and
silver leaders give renewed evidence of
their determination to force the New York
Democracy to get into line with them.
Sugar Factory to Reopen.
DECOTO. Aug. 28.— The sugar factory
at Alvarado will start on the season's run
to-morrow. About 2000 tons of beets hay%
arrived from Pleasanton and the sur
rounding country. It is expected the run
this year will be short, as the crop in this
section is light, jiany improvements
have been made on the mill this year.
Will Speak of Church Music.
"W. L. Tomlins of Chicago, who has
been training oratorio choruses in this
city and Oakland for the past month,
will address the ministers of this city and
Oakland on church music at the Y. M. C.
A. Auditorium, Ellis and Mason streets,
to-day, at 11 a. m. This address was
given In Chicago to 700 ministers and in
New York to a thousand of the clergy
with great acceptance. The laity ladles
and gentlemen are invited to be present.
An Irish Outing.
The eighth annual outing of the Ty
rone, Fermanagh and Donegal Benevolent
Society was held yesterday at Shell
Mound Park, and the attendance num
bered many hundred. The objects of the
oragnizatlon are to attend to their sick,
give aid in distress, bury their dead and
care for the widows and orphans of de
ceased members. Last year over $3000
was spent in this way and still there is as
much left in the treasury. Yesterday all
turned loose and had a splendid time
dancing and participating in the games
and other amusements. There were twen
ty-seven events in the list of games and
races and several vale 'ble prizes were
given to the winners. At the gate seven
ty-five prizes were distributed to those
holding winning tickets. Prize dancing
was one of the principal features of the
occasion. The judges of dancing were
Hon. Judge Cooney, Hon. Judge Ferral,
Captain James Kelly, George Mulvany,
Sam Quinn and P. Toner.
The committee of arrangements was
John Deveney, P. J. Tinney, B. Gorman.
James M. Lafferty, Samuel Qulnn, Ed
Golding, H. Deveney, J. Kelly, M. E.
Quinlan, D. Healey, H. Kiley, J. Semple,
Felix Gorman, D. G. Lewis, H. Farrel,
D. Tinney, J. Callagher and James Hur
ley.
In Brazil there are said to be 300
languages and dialects spoken by the
Indians.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 «nd 38.
222-224 6UTTER STREET. •
SPECIAL
Monday— Tuesday Wednesday
r ACPPP Ttm know the
tUrrCC, i kind — usually sold
"Ariontnl " at 35c lb A blend
Uneniai, I of the finest Cof-
Mr 111 fees obtainable.
3WC IV. you can have it
roasted or ground.
. Made in Switzer-
land. The highest
SFJfHAPn'S grade. By permls-
MJUIAKU3 sion of the manu-
mrftA facturer we offer it
WUWUA, a this special price.
80c Ib. ib ReffUlar prlce U
Step In and try a
cup, free.
PI A OFT Vintage ' 94. Grown
VL>AHLi, In Sonoma County.
Vir a <ral Most other places
OdC a gai. you will pay 75c
1 gal. .
PINAIID'S PER. Triple extracts, In
riHAUV S TEH 1 one ounce, glas3
FITMFS hnttlp iflr stoppered bottles,
riNC3, DOllie 4VC. 12 different odors.
Usually sold for 75c.
ROYAI ROASTFRS A self basting
HUIAL. nUAJICHJ, roaster and baker
6Sc S^C $1 00 combined. Price cut
»t7V, OO\t, fi.Vf, almost half. Reg-
Si 25 SI IS ular $1 ' 125 ' 'i- 50 .
CORD! A I I A new shipment
UIHUIAL3, from the famous,
Cl 25 ! house of Marie Brl-
* l '**' | zard & Roger, Par-
Rntfle ; -is— l 4. kinds. The
IMHIIC price heretofore has
' been $1.60 bottle.
CIGARS, small size, H^ a an ce a de a r
,- 5c apiece. __» a^of To oke:
New Season's Holland Herring Now In.
CAPITOL BUILDING
Territory of Arizona.
Plans and Specifications
Called Fop.
Notice is hereby given that the Capitol
Grounds and Building Commission of the
Territory of Arizona will receive and in-
spect plans, specifications and estimates
of cost of a Capitol building for the Terri-
tory of Arizona, to be erected on the Cap-
itol grounds, being "tract A" of the Capi-
tol Aduition of lots to the City of Phoe-
nix, Arizona, at their office in Phoenix, on
November Ist, IS9B, at the hour of 10
o'clock a. m. of said date; the cost of said
building not to exceed the sum of $100,000.
At said time and place said Capitol
Grounds and Building Commission will
meet and open all bids and plans and ex-
amine and inspect ail plans, specifications
and estimates of cost for said proposed
Capitol building that may be submitted
to it, reserving the right to modify any
plans and specifications or to reject any
and all of the sair-.
Any one desiring to furnish plans, spec-
ifications and estimates of cost of said
proposed Capitol building can obtain full
particulars by addressing F. H. Parker,
secretary of said Commission.
Said plans and specifications advertised
for in this notice must be filed with said
secretary on or before 10 o'clock a. m. on
the Ist day of November, IS9B.
This advertisement Is duly ordered by
the Capitol Grounds and Building Com-
mission in regular session at Phoenix this
19th day of August, 1898.
E. B. GAGE
President.
F. H. BARKER,
Secretary.
/®|^^AKERS OP
!\w/^§.V - fTTTIfvIQ
spectacles&Eye Glasses
1" O WOTOW* SCIENTIFIC
€42 Market St. instrument*
UNMD CMftWICL* BUIKMNf..
Use /^i and
Facial Soap S^J? : Facial Cream.
". ? The Grandest Toilet - Combination known . for
the skin, complexion and teeth | is .Woodbury's
Facial ; Soap, Facial Cream "and Facial and
Tooth ' Powder. The daily use >of these articles
will protect a fair complexion-, and cure a bad
skin. .~ ..••;'■ ' - ' ; - ••". - i-i'-'v-:---. . ' ■
DR.MCNULTY.
T*HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABT-TC OLD
I X Special Ist Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Disease and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. HoursO
to 3 dally; 6:30 to 8:30 ev'gn. Bnnday3,lotol2. Consul-
UiUon free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
15 Dr.P.EOBCOE Mf\n,TY.
26 Kcamy St., Mb Francisco, C«l.
1 ADVERTISEMENTS. '
000 0 0000 o 0000 0000 o 00 0 000 000 0 o 000 oo o
o f:.:-try '?.? ■' ■ i.v->- * , ■■-'. •. ; . ;... .. ■' o
|CITYOF^^ PARIS j
2 DRY GOODS COMPANY.
£^ ' . » MJL JE ' . M MmmJ *^^^" * i«** ill X •• • X X • 1
O O
II BLACK DRESS GOODS. |
° FALL OPENING OF J>
g PARIS NOVELTIES. g
q 'W» beg to nnnounoe that our collection of Q
% HIGH-GRADE BLACK NOVELTIES g
Q -will be plnoed on sale Monday, August 29. Our stylos are EXCLU. q
I«* SIVE and. are not shown by any other firm. :,.' -»
| if Owing to the INCREASED DEMAND FOR BLACK GOODS w«. **
® " have made unusual preparations for the , coming season. . Our O
© assortment is the choicest ever shown on this coast, consisting of O
O Bayadere Novelties in combinations of Satin and Velvet, g
q Bayadere Novelties in combinations of Satin and Velvet, *■
I O > Bayadere Crepons, Silk and Wool Matalasses, Silk and Q
! O Wool Bengalines, Pierola, Crepons, all ,48 inches wide. o
O "" ■ :'. . : ■'",';;!,;" ,';;!,; • . _
o NEW TAILOR SUITINGS IN— O
O Drap d'Amazon, English Tweeds, \©
O Satin Cloth, English Cheviots, °
O Venetian Cloth, Wool Imperial Cords. ~j
° 2
O MOURNING GOODS A SPECIALTY. g
O ";v See Display In Our Show Windows. . _
O . 2
q COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. O
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
O Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets. O
O UNION SQUARE. 2
o °
00000000000000000000000000000000000 oo
AMUSEMENTS.
9 NEW VAUDEVILLE STARS M)
BARNEY FAGAN & HENRIETTA BYRON.
In a Potpourri of Up-to-Date Comedy.
CHAS. T. ALDRICH. Eccentric Juggler.
BADI, Russian Acrobatic Marvel.
THE PASQUALIS, Operatic Stars. ' >
CHAS. BYRON. Animal King.
THE BIOGRAPH, New War Scenes.
Last Week of the THREE GREAT HEGEL-
MANNS.
CHAS. CASE. McBRIDE & GOODRICH.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Seats, 50c.
" Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Second Matinee Saturday Only.
Charles Frohman Presents
MR. HENRY MILLER
First time here of A. Stuart Ogllvle's Modern
Comedy,
"THE MASTER."
As presented for over three months last sea-
son at the Garden Theater, New York. .
Next Week— Last Week— HENRY MILLER,
"A MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST WEEK BUT ON"EJ. : . - .~
The FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Revival of the famous Madison Square Comedy
Success,
"THE RAJAH,"
As pretty a play as ever written. Interming-
ling comedy, love and strong dramatic episodes.
Coming— "A MILK WHITE FLAG." . ."
MOROSCO'S BRANDS
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
WEEK OF AUGUST .29.
First Production of the American Version of
Frank Harvey's Great Melodrama
FALLEN
AMONG THIEVES I
Author of "Wages of ""Woman Against
. Woman," "Shall We Forgive Her." Etc.
Great Diving Scene From Harlem High Bridge.
Startling Effects— Magnificent Scenery—
mented Cast. . :
NEW COMEDY THEATER
(T era erly the Popular Bush.) .
The Handsomest Playhouse in This City.
i Direction ........................M. B. LEAVITT
i Resident Manager ....ALF. ELLINGHOUSE
GRAND OPENING
: FRIDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER :2.
First appearance; In this city of the
PACHECO COMEDY COMPANY,
Under : the management of HORACE WALL.
i In MRS. ; PACHECO'S New Comedy, Entitled
"THE LEADING MAN."
Presented by a company of superior excel-
! lence under the direction of Mrs. Pacheco.
-Evening prices 16c,- 25c, 35c. 50c and 750. .
| Matinee prices— 2sc, ; 35c and SOc. •
! . Sale of seats commences to-morrow (Tuesday)
! at ' 10 a. " m.. ■ Comedy Theater, v Seats secured
by telephone. Phone No. 328 Main. Branch of-
' fice, 710 Market at. ; phone No. 1 939 Main. ■
In active preparation— "WOMAN'S WIT."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT; also Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, evenings. Ambroise Thomas' roman-
tic opera,
"/V1IGINOIN."
.1 TO-MORROW EVENING; also Thursday and
Sun Jay evenings, and special Saturday matinee.
GRAND DOUBLE BILL,
"PAGLIACCI" and "CAVALLERIA RU3TI-
CANA."
Great Casts. New Scenery . and Costumes.
Augmented Chorus and Orchestra.
Next Week— LETTO" and "LUCRE-
TIA BORGIA."
Popular Prices, 25c ; and = 50c. /N. >. B.— A re-
served seat for : the matinee, 25c. Our tele-
phone. Bush 9.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT
OPENING OF THE FALL SEASON.
The NEW ALCAZAR STOCK in Henry Guy
• .Carleton's Comedy, -. ..
THE BUTTERFLIES !
y "-.': ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Prices, 15c," 25c. 35c. ■ 60c. ■" •
Next— "THE FIRST BORN."
CHUTES AND ZOO.
A: MATINEE EVERY DAY!
VISIT THE CAMERA GBBCIRA.
LARGEST ••- AND MOST - PERFECT EVER
BUILT— AFTERNOONS ONLY!
GREAT SHOW. IN THE FREE THEATER.
LAST WEEK OF CANNON, THE 613
'■:-.: POUNDER. • ' :
SEE SULTANA AND HER 3 BABY LIONS
AND AN AUSTRALIAN CARPET ■, SNAKE
:. ■ -IN THE ZOO.
•< 10c, including Zoo and Theater; children. Be w
M VMPIA Eddy., cor. Mason— GREAT BILL
ULiniriAoF EASTERN STARS! TRIXEDO;
EL NINO EDDY; : KELLY & VIOLET; DAR-
RELL '>.&ir MILLER; «- ROCKWELL; ,ROYCE
SISTERS, : and others. .Admission Free.
Matinee Sunday. , , .: ' . ■ ':
SUTRO BATHS.
open NIGHTS.
- : Open Dally " from . 7 a. :m. until :11 p. ■ m. , .
ADMISSION 10.- - - - - CHILDREN So
{'% Bathing, with : admission, 2'c; children, 20c. .".
AMTTSi&kLENTS.
SECOND
SUCCESSFUL WEEK
• . THE . • ;
IRISH FAIR
—AT—
MECHANICS'
PAVILION.
Doors open, 1:30 to 5:30 and 7:30 to 10:89 p. m.
Admission, 25c; Children. 10c.
LADIES' SOUVENIR MATINEE
MONDAY AFTERNOON.
Free Tiles of Emmet, Wolfe Tone, Pamell, to
Ladies Buying Admission Ticket at Box Office.
1:80 to 6:30 p. m.
SPECIAL DAYS.
Tuesday— Ladies' | Societies.
Wednesday— A. O. H. Day.
CONNAUGHT PROVINCE DAT.
Monday Afternoon and Night— Every • On*
from the Counties in That Province Invited.
There Are Many Attractions at This Fair,
But Only .'
ONE
MAP OF IRELAND,
Made from Earth Brought Thousands of Miles
Across Land and Sea for: This Fair. The Soil
of Old Ireland Should and !Is Honored by a
Visit from Every One. Don't Miss It!
See the Irish Dancing School, In Charge of
Messrs. • O'Connor and Kelleher, the Blarney
Castle, Lakes of Killarney, Tara Hall, In Fact'
All of the Booths.
Art Gallery and Theater Opened Every After-
noon and Evening. Splendid Performance.
Only Two Weeks - More to See Ireland In
Miniature.
ALHAMBRA.
Corner of Eddy and Jones Bts. Reached by
every car line in the city.
Grand opening, Saturday evening, September
3. ' Greatest aggregation of star attractions in
the history of vaudeville. * The management
takes pleasure in announcing the first vaude-
ville appearance of America's foremost artists,
direct from their triumphant tour in England,
Mr. and Mrs. Sydney Drew, who will present
for the first time their great London success,
"When Two Hearts Are Won"; extraordinary
engagement of the world's greatest operatic
barytone, Signor del Puente; first vaudeville-
debut of the peerless queen of burlesque, the
charming Corinne; first appearance of Goth-
am's elite society entertainer, Mr. Wm. Josh
Daly; the famous French illusionist and anti-
spiritualist, direct from Cairo. -• Egypt, '■ Mons.
de Vllliers; the greatest musical and eccentric .'
clowns of to-day, the original Deltorelll Broth-
ers; first appearance of the young and artistic
entertainers, in a budget of latest coon songs
and cake walks, Powers and Hyde; the fam-
ous acrobatic comedians and grotesque par ex-
cellence, 3 Rossis; the most popular, ; artistic
team and past masters of colored comedy, Mr.
and Mrs. Tom Mclntosh. * Popular prices: : Re-
served seats, 25c; opera chairs and box seats,
50c: belle stage boxes, holding six persons, 14;
matinee prices, 25c; children, 10c; all over the
house. Seats now on sale. Box office open
from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. Telephone South 435.
Tickets can be reserved in advance without ex-
tra charge. -. . . "■
TS fjJ V^ Vfyj? I'*^*«i1 ' *^*«i ■t/A'f _ri^^*"*^ 111
EXCURSION RATES ON RAILROADS
nfHIT PAI>»TO EXHIBIT
Dun I * fAIIJTO ATTENH
.SECRET KKfT PrES.
Beware of Imitations
* Pf^
/f^i» 1/10 « ■
yKorcestershiretft
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, AoIMTS, NEW YOMX.'
56
VILE WORK OF
A FIEND IN
HUMAN FORM
An Assaulter of Child
hood in the Tanks.
FREELY TALKS OF HIS DEEDS
BLIGHTED THE LIVES OF MANY
LITTLE GIRLS.
Boasted of His Vileness and
looked Upon His Crimes
as of Little Con
sequence.
OAKLAND, Aug. 28.— William Webber
of San Leaodro is in the tanks at the
City Hall charged with a number of the
most abominable crimes in the code. His
victims were young girls from S to 3o
years of age and the unnatural being i
talks freely of them and confesses his |
guilt with as much aplomb as though ha |
was making a stump speech.
For several weeks the police and the
constables have sought a man who has
ben systematically seeking the ruin of
children and yesterday he was caught
while nursuing another victim. The brute
has made a confession that shows an ap
palling depth of depravity. He has
given the police dates and details that
have been proved true to-day and he was
speedily identified by one of his victims.
Webber's confession cannot be produc
ed, but he says he has a system upon
which he works and which has, he de
clares, proved successful whenever he
lias put it to the test He lives at San
Leandro, but whenever he meditated com
mitting crime he came to Oakland. He
would accost little girls, tell them stor
ies of hie wife* sickness and ask them to
take a message to a drug store.
He cunningly devised bia schema so that
the child would have to pasts a vacant
house. Webber would then entice the
child into the house and pursue his base
inclinations. It has been proved, and he
has also confessed, that on June 23 he en
ticed .Lena Johnson, a girl 10 years old,
into a vacant house on Twenty-third ave
nue. Tho giri at once told ot her experi
ence to her parents and the police nave
ever since been seeking tho culprit. When
questioned to-night \\ ebber frankly said
that after each crime he at once returned
to bis home at Saji Leandro. and thus
evaded the Oakland police.
On June 3o Webber came to this city
and induced Hattie Pattberg. a child of
6 years, to go into the upstairs portion of
a vacant house on (.'enter street. Little
Hat tie shouted out ami so frightened the
fellow that he ran out of the house and
Trent at once to his home. A few days
Inter Alice Pawley. less than 9 years of
ago. was selected by Webber as his vic
tim. He took her to a. vacant house at
1053 Center street and the girl went home
as soon as the fiend released her and told
of what had happened. A week ago Web
ber met Nellie Baker, who resides on
Eleventh avenue, and on some pretext
ehe was induced to accompany him to an
empty house, where she was subjected to
vile treatment. Nellie escaped as soon as
the could and her story or felonious as
sault was at once reported to the police
by her parents.
The number of cases reported and the
vast distances, nearly six miles between
the places where the crimes were com
mitted, convinced Chief Fletcher that a
fiend was at large and that all the cases
were the work of one person, who evl- j
dently worked along the same lines.
Yesterday afternoon Nellie Baker was
walking aiong Washington street when
ehr- saw Webber. After satisfying her
self of his Identity, she told A. M. Schleu
ter, proprietor of the Grand Rule Bazaar.
Mr. Schleuter telephoned to police haed
quarters and Detectives Quigley and Hoi- j
land walked down Washington street and ,
met Webber. He expressed no surprise at |
his arrest and commenced to give details I
to the officers before he reached the Jail.
•The prisoner was kept in seclusion till
to-day, when he was confronted with j
Lena' Johnson, who at once picked him j
out from several other men in the Chiefs |
office. The girl was accompanied by her I
father, and when Webber met him, he j
asked permission to shake hai%ls with
Johnson and said he hoped he would not
make it too hard for him. Johnson re
pelled the fellow's advances and the po
lice, fearing trouble, kept the two men
from getting any nearer. Johnson also
assured Chief Fletcher that he was not
armed.
Webber is a German. 23 years old, and
his conversation conveys the impression
that depravity, cunning-ness and a repul
sive familiarity may V>e allied with lu
nacy. He declares that he realizes he is i
In a tight place, but says his relatives in !
Germany are wealthy and will come to j
his aid when they hear of his troubles. !
Two months and a half ago he was bit
ten by a dog. and he says that his over
powering passions have taken possession
of him since that time.
"He is one of the worst types of men
I have ever met," said Chief Fletcher
to-night. "He is evidently trying to ere- i
ate an impression that he is insane, but
there has been too much method in his
madness for a lunatic. He is a mon
fctrosity and there should be a decided
method of dealing with such fiends."
One of the best evidences that Web
ber's mind is not erratic is the fact that
he can recall vividly dates, places and
even numbers of houses with marked
clearness extending over a period of
m<">re than two months.
STUDENTS RECEIVE
THEIR COMMISSIONS
MILITARY HONORS ARE FINAL
LY AWARDED AT BERKELEY.
Annual Appointments of Officers in
the Cadet Corps of the "University
of California Are Made.
BERKELEY, Aug. 28— The military hon
ors awarded annually in t"he University of
California will be officially announced to
morrow. The list has been prepared by
Professor Frank Soule, commandant of
the University Corps of Cadets, and ap
proved by President Martin J. Kellogg.
In view of the fact that the honor grad
uate In military science of the class of
.. '97 was among those offered a commis
sion In the regular army by President Mc-
Kinley during a recent call flbr troops,
■ the competition for places as commis
sioned officers was this year very keen.
The apportionments as announced were
made according to a grading by which
two-thirds is reckoned for previous rec
ord in the ranks, and one-third for tech
nical knowledge of the United States In
fantry drill regulations. The examin-
a tion in the latter subject was held last
Tuesday afternoon, and only those who
■ ■ have passed through the (successive ranks
of corporal and sergeant were allowed to
try It. The names of those who were sue
• cessful appear in the following special or
der issued by the Military Department,
announcing their rank ana assignment:
Staff— Captajn and adjutant. C E. Fryer:
captain and quartermaster and acting adjut
ant, FVoond Battalion, B. 1,. Quayla; ser
geant major, Firßt Battalion, J. R. Moulthrop;
sergeant major, Second Battalion, E. Q. Kus
tfT.
To be captains— W. Ede. II; R. Fryer, A; H.
W. Gibbons. E; W. A. Hackley G; W. Hous
ton, B; J. J. Kline, blrycle corps; T. Mc-
J'herson, D; W. T. Mooney. <": C. M. Warner,
F - R. I*. I/Ogan, signal detachment.
To be first lieutenants— l. C. Allen. C; F.
Conklin, E; O. D. Clark, leader of band; H. W
Crosier, G; R. C Daniels, B: E. H. Dentcke.
H; R. A. Goodeell. D: W. McCloud. F; J. A.
Reid. A; L. S. Rosner, signal detachment.
To be second lieutenants— O. Dibble C; H.
E. riayburgh, D; J. E. Cohn, chief musician.
The artillery detatchment has been die
banded and will report to-day for as
signment.
Doctors and wyera can always give
you a large bill In exchange for small
ores.
ANOTHER GOLDEN STATE SONGBIRD.
Maud Lillian Berri Will Be Prima Donna in
Francis Wilson's Opera Company.
California, erstwhile famed for Its wealth of gold. Its brave and broad
minded men and the beauty of Us women, has of late years been attract
ing the attention of the operatic world by reason of its surprising pro
duction of songbirds In the female form divine. One of the latest to meet
with great popular favor Is the daughter of Fulton G. Berry of Fresno,
who Is known to the stage world as Maud Lillian Berri. She has been
singing in opera for severul years and is the prime favorite in Philadel
phia and other cities where she has appeared.
One of the leading managers, who has been carefully watching her ca
reer Is Francis Wilson, and the result Is that .-.he has been selected, among
the many available stars, as the prima donna in the Francis Wilson
Comic Opera Company. - Those familiar with matters operatic know what
a triumph this is for the young lady, and from the tone of the Eastern
press It is an assured fact that Mr. Wilson has exercised excellent Judg-
MHs Berry has signed with the Wilson company for the season begin
ning September 19. at the Broadway Theater, New York, where she will
appear in the new comic opera, "The Little Corporal." She possesses a
soprano voice of great range, power and sweetness, a magnetic and strik
ing personality and dramatic ability of a high order. Such a combination
of attractive qualities will certainly find generous, recognition. Eastern
critics who are familiar with her gifts predict for her a brilliant career.
HENRY KRUG
IN EVIDENCE
Youngster Responsible
for Oakland's Defeat.
A WHIRLWIND BALL GAME
NINE INNINGS OF '* HYSTERIA
AT RECREATION PARK.
Ewing's Colts Come Fast at the Fin
ish, but Fail to Overcome San
Francisco's Lead of
Four Runs.
It was all due to young Henry Krug:.
Without him the. San Franclscos would
have been as Impotent as Major Harney's
appeal for recognition to a crowd of
Phelanltes, but with Krug to set a heart
breaking pace tae other eight men In
black gingered up sufficiently to take a
game from the Oaklands that was re
plete with episode.
Those Oakland .colts are hard losers,
however, and In the ninth inning, when
four runs to the bad. they gave a per
formance that nearly caused the death
from heart failure of a score of San Fran
cisco pikers.
It happened this way: Krug had gone
into the box In the second inning, reliev
ing Shea, who was wild as a hawk. The
bases wore full, the score a tie and no
body out. Russell; the first man to face
Krug, fouled, but Donovan drove one |
down to second, forcing Moßkiman and
scoring Bliss. Schmeer, who attempted to
follow him home, wan caught at the plate,
completing the first of the trio of light- j
ning double plays of the day.
From that time until the ninth it was |
a string of doorknobs for the colts. Inter- ;
spersed with a fair share of hard luck
and a piece of sandlot base running on
Hardies part that cost a run. Time and
again Oakland had men on bases and a
hit meant a run, but tne hit degenerated
Into a strike out or a pop fly, which was
Just as certain death for the batsman.
In the meantime the locals had been
doing something. Three runs in the
fourth and one each in the seventh and
eisrnth had given them a lead of four
runs and they had all the outward ap- ;
pearances of eas" money. '' "v \
Krug, who had kept soaking the ball j
over the plate all through the game and ,
had recorded eight strike outs with six
well scattered nits, including Ilardie s j
Texas leaguer, lost his grip and gave
Mosklman his base. Russell hit to Dun
leavy, advancing Moskiman to second
on Karl Krug's muff of Dunleavy's
throw. Donovan flew out to Murphy and
then Monahan filled the oases by drop
ping K. Krug's throw of O'NelU'B drive
to head off Moskiman. A passed ball let
the latter across the plate and advanced
the other two runners a notch. Lange's
single scored Russell, and Sullivan took
his base on balls. Hardie hit to K. Krug
and went out at the initial. O'Neill scor
ing on the throw and Sullivan going to
third. Everybody was (standing In his
seat and shouting like mad when' Bliss
stepped to the plate, but the best that
youngster could do was to Bend a scorcher
down to Monahan and was fielded out at
first, with the score lacking one of even.
This is the record as compiled by Jack
Bonnet, who is filling In for Joe Stapleton.
during the latter's vacation:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Smith. 1. t 4 1112 0 0
iH. Knig. s. s. &p. 4 0 3 0 1 9 0
Murphy. 1 b 4 2 12 7 I 0
Monahan. 3 b 3 2 2 1 « 4 2;
Hammond, c 4 1 3 9 12 1 1
K. Krug. c. t. &a.B. 4 0 1 0 11 1
Dunleavy. 2 b 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
Croll. r. f 3 1 1 1 1 0 0
Shea. p. &C. I 3 0 0 0 0 1 J
TotaU .....*• 33 7 12 6 »28 M" " 6
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. t 4 1 1 2 2 0. 0
O'Xell. 2 b 4 2 • 14 2 0
I Lange, 3 b 5 0 10 2 2 0
! Sullivan, c 3 0 0 0 14 0
Hardie. r. t 5 0 2 0 0 10
Bliss. Ib. 5 12 0 7 0 1
Schmeer, s. • 4 0 9 0 6 5 0
Moskiman. 1. t.. 1110 10 0
Russell, p 4 110 1 A 1
Totals ;......35 6 8 3 24 18 ! 2
RUN 3 BY INNINGS.
Ban Francisco 3 00 2 00 1 •— 7
Base hits 2 0 0 3 113 2 »-12
Oakland .....2 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 3—6
Base hits ...0 10 0 2 2 1 I—B
SUMMARY.
Two-bane hits— ll. Krug. Hardle, Smith.
Sacrifice hits— X. Krug, Donovan. Base on
errors— Oakland, 1. Hases on halls— San Fran
oleco, 1: Oakland. 7. Left on bases — Ran Fran
cisco. 2: Oakland, 9. Struck out— lSy Shea, 1;
by Krus. 8; by Rußaell. 3. Double playB —
Monahan. Hammond and Murphy: H. Krug
and Murphy; Sullivan, O'Nell and Ij&nge.
Passed balls— Hammond, 2; Sullivan, 2. wild
pitches— Shea, 2. Time of game — Two hours.
T.'mplre— Creamer. Official scorer— T. P. Bon
• RuFsell out for interfering with batted ball.
Played Ragged Ball.
SAN JOSE, Aug. Ragged ball was
■played, by the Stockton and San Jose
teams to-day. The former won by a
score of 12 to 8. San Jose's new pitcher,
Thomas, had fourteen base * hits l against
him. He would have done better if his
support had / not been so miserable. It
was a game of errors, and, the local team
In this respect largely outpointed the
Slough City aggreration. The attendance
was not large. Score:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. 88. PO. A. E.
Selna, 1 b.. .......... 6 8 2 9 14 0.0
Phil Knell, p........ 6 13 10 4 0
Nick Smith. 2 b.... 4 10 1 .060
Billings, s. • 4 3 3. 0 1-2 1
Patterson, r. f...... 6 2 10 2 10
Rice. c. f :... 6 2 2 0 8 10
Muller, L f... 5 2 2*201
Stroeker. c •• ..4 112 0 0 1
White. 2 b... ........ 4 0 6 0 4 11
Totals 41 12 14 4 27 14 "7
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hanley, 1. f -.5 110 10 1
Hanlon, 1 b -4 10 15 :' 2 c 1
McGucken, c. f 8 9 1 9 3 0 0
Egan, 2 b .....6 12 18 12
Poley, r. f....V...... 5 0 0 0 0 0 2
Weed. 8 b. .......... 4 3 3*222
Brockoff, a. • 4- 13 12 2 2
Kent. c .4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Thomas, p. 4 1110 3 0
Total! ...........40 8 11 4 24 10 10
nUNS BY INNINGS.
Stockton .....'.. ........0: 0 4■ 6 0 0 JO o—l2
San J05* •..;............ .1- 801000J1— 8
SUMMARY. '.:■;: '■
■: Run« responsible V for— Knell 4, Thomas 1.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 29, 1898.
Home run— Rice. Three-fca><e hit— Weed. Base
on balls— Off Knoll 3, off Thomas 1. Struck out
—By Thomas 4. Hit by pitcher— White, Smith.
Left on bases— Stockton it, San Jose 7. Double
play— Patterson to White. Umpire— O'Connell.
Hit Fitzpatrick at Will.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 28.— One of the
largest crowds of the season saw the Gilt
Edges defeat the San Francisco Athletics
! to-day by a score of 9 to 3. The Inability
of the Athletics to connect with Harvey's
curves, coupled with poor Individual and
team work, was the Initial cause of their
defeat. The Oilt Edges hit Fitzpatrick at
will, and only the most excellent work of
the outfield kept the score down. The
feature of the game was a home run by
Borland. At no time after the first in
ning was tho result of the game in doubt.
Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R." BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Peoples, S b 6 2 112 10
Hutchinson. 2 b.... 8 0 1 0 1 1 0
Doyle, r. f 6 9 2 12 0 0
Stanley, c 4 2 0 1 10 1 0
Lochhead, a. s 8 1118 2 2
Walker, c. f 4 0 2 0 8 0 0
Shanahan. lb 8 2 2 0 4 0 0
Horland, I. f... 6 2 2 0 0 0 0
Harvey, p 6 0 10 0 10
Totals 4.1 9 12 4 17 < 2
, , ATHLETICS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyne. I b 8 0 0 0 14 0 2
Rellly, 2 b..... 2 112 0 4 1
McLau^hlin. 1. f 4 0 0 0 3 10
Stutt*. 8. 8 4 0 11 1 S3
Illlderbrand. r. f.... 4 0 0 0 10 0
Ford. c. t 4 0 0 0 10 0
Johnston, 3 b .8' 10 0 110
Scott, c 3 1114 11
Fltzpatrlck, p....... 3 0 0 0 4 1 1
Totals JO 3 S ■ 4 27 14 T
RUNS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento 2 010*020 1—
Base hits 1 12 0 2 112 2-1*
Athletics 0 00100020—3
Base hit* 0 00 1 0 0 0 2 o—B
SUMMARY.
.Runs responsible for— Harvey 1, FTtzpatrlok
4. Home nm— Borland. Three-base hits—Log
head. Harvey. Two-base hits— Peeples, Hutch
lnson. Sacrifice Walker. First base on
errors — Sacramentos 6. Athletics 1. First base
on bails— Off Harvey 3, off F*lt*patrlck 3. Left
on banes— Sacramentoa 18. Athletics 3. Struck
out— By Harvey 8, by Fltrpotrlck 2. Hit by
pitcher— Peeples, Stanley 2. Double play—
vey to Stanley to Peepleß. Wild pitches—Flt«
patrlck 1. Harvey 1. Time of frame — hour
and 35 minutes. Umpire — Charles Sweeney.
Scorer— O. A. Griffin. :V t i
Watsonville Outplayed.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 28.— Watsonvllle
came up SCO strong to-day, determined to
defeat the "Beach Combers," but they
were doomed to see Donlan's curves shat
tered and were sent home in defeat. The
score was 5 to 1 In favor of the "Beach
Combers." In the fifth Inning Umpire
Smith gave Struve of Watsonvllle a base
because he claimed the latter had been
struck by a ball. Devereaux protested that
omy Stfuve's bat had been hit and ad
vised the umpire to get a pair of glasses.
For this Devereaux was ruled off the
field, necessitating a change of positions,
Strelb going to first and Fitzgerald to
third. The feature of the game was Balsz's
three-bagger. Hayes made the only
run for Watsonvllle in the second Inning
and inspired the visitors with hope. As a
result of the game they lost considerable
money. Donlan and Struve formed the
battery for WRtsonville and Balsz and
Daubenbls for Santa Cruz. The visitor*
made four, and Santa Cruz two. errcra.
Balsz struck out six and Donlan six. San
ta Cruz made seven hits off Donlan and
Watsonvllle six off Balsz. Score:
Santa Cruz 0 0 1 0 J 1 1 J M .
TVatsonville 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0-1 j
An Old-Time Game.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 28— The San Ra
faels and the J. J. O'Brien baseball team
of San Frencisco crossed bats to-day
with the result that the local nine tri
umphed, the score standing 28 to 7.
Baseball at Livermore.
LTVERMORE. Aug. 28.— The Llvermore
Heralds to-day defeated the Whltehouse
team by a score of 7 to 3 In the best ball
game ever seen on t-e local diamond.
Victorious Altas.
The Altas and Oletas had a one-sided
contest yesterday at the league grounds.
In which the latter were outplayed at all
points. The score was 22 to 4.
The Alerts Smothered.
At the league baseball grounds yester
day the Oleta Juniors defeated the
Bushnell Alerts handily by a score or 14
to 2. .
Down Went the Midgets.
In a hot game yesterday between the
Midget and Howard Baseball clubs, the
former lo.st by a score of 5 to 4.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
All was quiet and peaceful along the
■water front yesterday. Picnic crowd*,
laden with lunch baskets and dressed in
sumer apparel, passed through the gates
of the new depot In search of pleasure.
The only incident to mar the scene was
the arrest of an intrepid cyclist who rod©
his wheel off the ferry boat, dodging
passengers until brought to a sudden halt
by an unsympathetic policeman.
The Harbor Receiving Hospital enjoyed
a much needed rest, only two cases being
brought in for treatment during th« after
noon. William Hall was taken from a
lodging-house at 550 Mission street with
a bullet in his head and within an hour
passed away. A pistol at his side showed
that he was tired of life. The other pa
tient to receive treatment was Patrick
Henry, not related to the esteemed rev
olutionary hero, who tried to drown his
sorrow by drinking water front whisky.
He succeeded in lapsing into unconscious
ness, and his wife fearing ha had been
poisoned called the ambulance.
The only arrival of importance among
shipping yesterday was that of the Brit
ish four-masted snip Cape Clear, 150 days
from Hamburg, with a cargo of merchan
dise. Captain Smith reported an excellent
voyage. He came by way of the Cape of
Good Hope and avoided rough weather.
The pilot boat Bonita reported the Am
celuft, which left this port some days ago.
bound for Cooks Inlot, Alaska, in charge
of the Rev. Mr. Over. anchored oft the
Farallones. It is safcl the vessel has been
there for two days waiting for a favor
able wind.
Thinks He Was Bun Over.
C. W. Wood, living at 640 Commercial
street, was found lying on Mission street,
near the "Wells-, irgo building, last night,
and was taken to the Receiving Hospital
to -aye a broken leg set. He told the po-.
lice that he had fallen, but the crushed
appearance of the leg leads the officers to
believe that he was run over by a wagon.
Patriotic Frais« Service.
The last of the patriotic praise ser
vices, which have been the Sunday after
noon programme at the Young Men's
Christian Association for gome time, was
well attended yesterday. The quality of
the programme was the best and the Ber
vlee proved a fitting finale to a most suc
cessful course of Sunday religious enter
tainment.
BARRICADE AT
BACON PLACE
Thoroughfare Is Closed
Without Authority.
■
SUPERVISORS DID NOT ACT
RESOLUTION TO REMOVE THE
GATES SQUELCHED.
Berry - Place Presidents Had an
Idea That They Could
Therefore Erect
Gates.
Although the Mayor has taken action to
remove the iron gates across Berry place
and has compelled the denizens of the lo
cality to move away, the gates across
Bacon place near by are allowed to re
main, by grace of an indirect action of
the Board of Supervisors.
On October IS, is<i7, a resolution was pre
sented to the Supervisors ordering tho
gates erected by unknown persons across
Bacon place to be removed as an obstruc
tion to a public thoroughfare. This reso
lution was adopted, but with notice of a
future motion to reconsider. The recon-
Blderatlon took place on October 25, the
resolution being then committed to the
care of the Committee on Streets. This
committee on November 1 reported the
resolution back with a recommendation
that it be referred to the Committees on
Health and Police, which was done. On
February 14, 1898, the last named commit
tees reported in favor of placing the res
olution on file, where It now is In the
office of the clerk of the Supervisors.
When Superintendent Ambrose was
questioned about the matter yesterday
he stated that the question of the removal
of the Bacon place gates was still in the
hands of the Supervisors. He had no
authority to act, as he had received no
instructions. The closed street was a pub
lic thoroughfare, he said, the same as
Berry place.
As the Supervisors have quietly pigeon
holed the resolution for the removal of
the Bacon place Kates. Mayor Phelan may
be obliged to act independently. It now
appears that the Berry street residents
got their idea of erecting gates from the
successful experiment of the Bacon place
people.
There are fifty-four houses of ill-repute
on Bacon place. The uniform reist paid
to the landlords by the inmates is $4 per
house per day.
The property on Bacon place is as
sessed for ta-xes in the names of the fol
lowing perponp: Maria B. Schmlt. R. R.
Hind, P. Marslcnno. George Roth, Streull
estntp. F. M. Strfiili.
Asthma. Bronchitis. Catarrh cure nuarant'd. Dr.
OoriSin, Sanitarium. 514 I'lne. nr. Kenrny.B. F.Cal.
THEOSOPHY FOR CONVICTS.
Meeting 6T the Society of Universal
Brotherhood at San Quentin.
The Universal Brotherhood of the San
Francisco Theosophlcal Society In Amer
ica has resumed its meetings in the San
Quentin Prison. Yesterday morning ser
vices were held In the prison chapel for
the first time In a year, and the interest
which the convicts manifested In the
Theoßophlcal teachings has encouraged
the society to continue these meetings.
About 400 convicts attended the services,
which were conducted by Dr. Allen Grif
fiths and Professor Julius Oettl. H. H.
Somers stated the objects of the society
and th« philosophical teachings, the basis
of which is in universal brotherhood. Dr.
Griffiths followe with an address. The
remaining time was given over to ISeries
by the convicts, which were answered by
the Theosophlcal teachers
Last night the society held its regular
Sunday evening lecture at the Academy
of Sciences building. The subject under
treatment was the "Twelve Labors of
Initiation," Mrs. F. E. Wait delivering
the lecture.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"THE DOCTORS THAT CURE."
THE EiELISH AID GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
Have been established for 26 years. Their
staff Is composed of five physicians and sur-
geons, all specialists and all graduates from
the best medical colleges In the world They
are incorporated under the laws of California
for IKO.OW and have the largest and ' best
equipped Institution of the kind in the United
States.
* Among the diseases they cure are the follow-
ing- Bright' s Disease, all other Diseases of th«
Kidneys Diseases of the Bladder and Kindred
Organs: Liver, Spleen. Spine. Bowels. Heart,
Stomach, Eye». Bar, Skin and Nerves. ■_ Also
Impoverished Blood. Blood Poison and Scrof-
ula^ Catarrh. Tonsllltis. Consumption. Bron-
chitis. Asthma and T other Lung Troubles; Tu-
mors Deformities, Insomnia, Melancholia, Pa-
ralysis ' Rupture. Dysentery. Dyspepsia, Neu-
. ra&a" Rheumatism. Stiff and Swollen Joints:
1 Female Complaints, Including Ovarian Trou-
1 blesT Piles. Fistula. Obesity. King Worm. -;Ool-
! t«r- Tobacco Opium, Cocaine and Liquor
i Habit; . Headache, Erysipelas. Gout, Tape
Worm = Biliousness, Dropsy, Gall Stone. Ec-
aema Freckles. Blackheads, Cancer, etc. ; and
Chronic Diseases generally. , _^ .^v'
'■ The two Surgeons who compose a part of the
i staff perform surgical operations when neces-
**lf"vou are ailing seriously or have a symp-
tom consult these . eminent doctors. ,
ADVICE FREE at office or. by mall. &
FREE BOOK for men or women and treatise
on any disease.: Call or address
ENGLISH AND GERMAN SPECIALISTS,
731 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.-
TAKE ELEVATOR. i Hours 3 to — 1 to 5
dally. Evenings 7 to 8; Sundays 9 to U.
Munyon'sHeadacheand Indigestion Cure
is the only remedy on tL<J market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minuteß, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's pripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures, 25c.
£tt..:fmto RUPTURE.
HStTa/^^B use no more iron
nPSBSBWJaSdiSa^ Hoops or Steel Hprlngs.
jPSmß&awjmfffSy Rupture retained with ease
B^TOrv and comfort, nnd thousands radl-
Wl /Ml* cally CURED by DR. PIERCERS
■ :: -^ '/JB^ Magnetic Elastic Truss. - ITT" Call ' at
office orwrlte for New Pamphlet No. 1.
' MAONETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption ana
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness. Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of th«
Internal Vlscer*. 2B ets. a box. At Drigirlsts,
or by mall. RADWAT * CO.. New Tork.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. _____
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
■555?* *M £ mf MWwSfl Rubu b SSf vv vwl Ik^^b
MARIANI WINE, the FAMOUS TONIC for BODY, NERVES and BRAIN,
Braces Body and Brain.
MARIANI WINE gives
power to the brain, strength and
elasticity to the muscles, and
richness to the blood. It is a
promoter of good health and
longevity.
To those who will kindly write to MARIANI & CO.. 62 West 15th st.. New York, will b»
Bent, free, book containing portraits with Indorsements of Emperors, Empress. Princes,
Cardinals, Archbishops and other Interesting matter.
Yin Mariani Makes the Weak Strong.
Paris— C Boulevard HauMmtnn: London— « Mortimer Street; Montreal— a-JO Hospital Street.
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1838.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
Tallfornla, at It? thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. I8?7.
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
cf the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
a.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California ■an amendment to section
eighteen of article • eleven of the Constitu-
tion, In relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is propose* to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section IS. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall In-
cur any indebtedness or liability In any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the Income and revenue provided for It for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made fer.the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest .thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income ana
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane.
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of an*- sewer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby exempted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner: and provided further, that the ; City of
Vallejo, In Solßno County, may pay Its exist-
ing Indebtedness Incurred in the construction
of Its **ater works, whenever two-thirds of. the
electors thereof voting at an election ■ held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any Indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited.
eha.ll be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the. people of the
State of California an amendment t>- the Con-
stitution of the State by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
.even and one-half, article eleven thereof pro-
viding for the. framing by the Inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows: -
' Section 7Vi. The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, . relating to the matters here-
inafter .pecined. and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and luwe of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders. : who
have been, for at . least five years qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of suoh county and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds, of the
county. Such proposed county government act
shall "then be published In two papers of gen-
eral circulation In such county, or If there be
not two such papers, then In one only, for |at
least twenty days, and within not leas than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified ejector, of _ such
count" at a general or special election, and If
a majority of such qualified electors v«ting
thereon "hall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, w thout
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall In such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government "act.
A codv of such county rovernment act. certi-
fied by "the President of the Board of SuiM«r-
visors or other legislative body or such con nty.
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setttnir forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded In the
office of th« Recorder of Deeds in the county.
amor* the archive* of the oounty.
All court? shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended 'at Intervals of not less than two
vearß by proposals • therefor, submrtted by the
legislative authority of the ■* county, to the
Qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial "lection held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
In a newspaper of general circulation in such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereom, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any mich county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
Rented for the choice of the voters, and may
& voted on separately without prejudice to
Ot It er shill be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this sectton. to provide for the manner In
which the times at which, and the terms fer
which the several township and county officers
ether than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or > appointed: for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of flees, for the
number of deputies that each officer [hare,
and for the compensation ■ payable .- to each of
such deputies, for the manner In which, the
times' In whWh.' and the terms f.or which the
members of till boards of election shall be
e?e£ted™r appointed and for the constitution
r»iml-it!nn compensation: and government of
such boards, and of their , clerks and attaches:
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted -and . may in addition determine the
testa and conditions upon which elector*, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election. ,-
, " whenever any county has. : In the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted any
'.. ntv government, act. and the : some shall
have been ; approved by the Legislature as
aforesaid,/ the • direction of sections - four and
five of this article providing for. the uniformity
of a ■ system of county governments throughout
the- State, nnd llkewlse'.providlnc for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers.: and' the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall ' not apply.
PuH county government: act shfill.as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided • for and i de-
clared by such county government act. not be
subject to any law or amendment: enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment . first
submitted to the electors and ratified -In . the
manner herelnabove ; set , forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE. V;;^
(Being- Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution ; proposing to the ', people of '■ the
State of ■■California- an amendment to the >■ Con-
stitution of the -State.' by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization" of .a court, to <be : known as the
■ Court of Claims. The said proposed . new: sec-
tion to read as follows: ■ r ./- -<. .- .;.'
■ ■ Section F>H. ; The Court of Claims ; shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by ,the ; Governor to hold
court at 1 the regular terms ; thereof.- The Court
:of i Claims : shall; have exclusive Jurisdiction ito
hear and . determine nil > claims of , every '; kind
and character i against^ the .State; ander such
; laws as may be passed by the Legislature.' and
its Judgment ttiereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court -of Claims shall be held 'as fol-
• lows: T^ftjWWtlHg*y*Wyft' > "tl! HJ^'tfftuiitritfMMtWßßHfi
iln the City of Los Arfrdcß. commencing : on
the second Monday of March: . : ■
f. ■In : the * City ■ and County -of San ' Francisco."
' commencing .on the > second = Monday In ; July,
:and^--- : . s-,v" •'t-^'M- a-. : -,;■; ■:;-■■-■-.■.: -V,:.:^:>-. .i.,v*::<
gg In 1 the I City of i Sacramento, ; commencing lon
Weekly Call, $1.80 per Year.
MARIANI WINE is in-
valuable for overworked men,
delicate women and sickly
children. It soothes, strength-
ens and sustains the sys-
tem.
The i, i fl M On ,2? of Nov ember of each year.
receive n PS h ? Idln * such term of court shali
recede no extra compensation therefor but
» h » » ™* iy their actual expenses, to be paid
The ° T f the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws ne.-essary
to organize *uch court to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
cj.of rM * >l " tlo 1 n to Propose to the people of the
state or California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article ele- en,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number fire and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
said proposed new section to read as follows:
I c l s "*- The Provisions of section* four
and five of this article shall not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto apply »o
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
nave become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of thta article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
btafe of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
< v. l ? s , titutlon of the State of California, by
which it Is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the Bame time and place and In the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
o flee and his qualifications shall be the same.
He snail be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
.. 9e ?tion 16. In caae of the Impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
e»aae. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cense. In case of a vacancy in the
office of Governor for any of the reason? above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall b«
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to prop »se to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
six. article nine of the Constitution of the State
Of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which It is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants, lo
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER BEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propoae to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
Is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section I The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first MoMny after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty dpys from the time of ad-
journment. If the two house* fa.il to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for snch reconvening-, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete Its
session. No pay ehall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be Introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five daya of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval." approved March 7. A. D. 1353.
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and ndvert'sed to he voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8. A. T>. 1898.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
wonls, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vaflejn for the construction of Its' .
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Two, being Senate
Constitutional Amendment . No. 10 Tea
(providing for framing local county {
government acts by Inhabitants of No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- '
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Tea
against the State, and to consist of- . .
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Four, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
and counties, organised or to be or-{ — ~ —
ganlzed. or holding a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Five, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Tea
providing for succession thereto In — — .
certain cases and removing disability. No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Six. being Assem-
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 Tea
(relating to and defining Grammar
Schools). No
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
Ko. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature for not less than thirty'
nor more than sixty days during each No
session).
For the Amendment?
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of th»
State of California, the day and year herein
Hist above written.
JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN, Secretary of State.
[SEAL.]
Subscribers camping at localities along
the line of railroads -where there are no
i postal facilities can have The Call thrown
off at thelr'camp by sending name and lo-
cation of camp to The Call Subscription
Department. l
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS,
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
New and Commodious Hotel,
Elegantly : Furnished,
Lighted by Electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY THE WATERS
, AT HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
7INEBT SWIMMING TANK IN LAKE COUNTY.
This resort has no rival In variety and me-
dicinal properties of its Mineral Waters, its in-
vigorating Plunge. Hot or Cold Mineral Bath*.
Climate or Scenery.
Physician in attendance. Deer and Small
Game plentiful.
TABLE UNSURPASSED.
Reached by the Shortest Stage Route Into
Lake County. Round-trip fare from San Fran-
cisco, via Hopland, $S; via Callstoga, 19. Fall
season hotel rates, ■ $10 and $12 per week.
For further Information address
HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Lake Co.. CaL
Or see, In San Francisco.
L. D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery St.
MACTC SANTA . •
'^^\ CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing la
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens;
the great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel o loor sports; dancing; pyrotech-
nics; water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND .-.- splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE;
Always open; modern 'ntments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement tot
campers. ■ . •—-.'■:■
Full information, rates, illustrated pamphlets.
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South Spring st. Los Angeles. Cal.
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County,
Three hours from San Francisco, via Los
Gates; 6 months roundtrip ticket, $4. or via
Santa Clara. $3 50. New swimming tank. 180x73
feet, and other Improvements.
Hot and cold mineral baths.
Climate, scenery and location uneq'ialed. -1/
JOHN S. M-ATHESON. Manager."** '
«■;.,_./__■__ wi CONTRA
HfYSJO/N COSTA CO..
jj JP Hotel new throughout: lighted with
I acetyllne gas: hot CONTRA cura
iYErCB/^ costa co..
Hotel new throughout; lighted with
» acetyllne gas; hot salt baths, cure
i fcJ rheumatism; new and commodious
B swimming tank; scientific sanitary
I m methods; rates low.' Address
i M~ A. BETTENS,
HOT SPRINGS) Manager.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County. 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
.Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered : home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, -tennis court, etc . '
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week: $2 and $2 50 per
day. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
""^ REST and HEALTH
pRGHAROSPRINdS
in the foothills of the Sierra SfTadas, nearColfax. ooC P.R.is,
Plain, qoirt retreat.' finest scenery, water, mountain sir,
fruit, and all the year aron^l cllnntr la California.
Ideal ground) surroao din**. On R. R., 1M milet from San PRa.
$8 a week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address: O«*W1 m».., rM~v-.» p -v f»l.
i ' ' '
01/ A POO HOT SPRIWOS, Sonoma Co.
kin Mil Mil On! y 4 * hours from 8 F. and
; VIinVVV but 9 miles staging: waters
noted lor medicinal virtues: best natural bath
in State; telephone: telegraphy r" illy mall; :
FIRST-CLASS SERVICE: morning and after- ■
noon stages; round trip from S. F. only $5 50;
take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m.
Terms. $2 a day or $12 a week. Reference, any
guest of ■ the past three . years. J. F. MUL-
GREW, Proprietor.
UAII7 A F^ffX SPRINGS.
HOWARD SSBK^o,
»*V^ TT na\i/ lake countY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
• Rates $o, $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postoffice and telephone.
Round - trip, $10. Southern Pacific office. 611
; Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEBBT.
MARK WEST springs
The best pleasure and health resort and
I mineral springs In California. Terms $9 to
$12. Round trip $3 75.
FRESE & JUERGENSEN. Mark West
, Springs, Sonoma County, Cal.
T fIQ fITTTT TrO^ warm sphinos. .';
; LVO UUILiIUUO Kenwood Sonoma Co..
iOn th; bank of , Sonoma Creek. An unrivaled
place for ■ quiet rest. Warm sulphur baths.
| Fine swimming pool. Grand old oaks and other
j natural attractions: Cheap fare. Liberal table.
Terms. $1 per day. School vacation being over,
I can accommodate a few select people In tent or
j cottage. For particulars address MRS. P. T.
M. WATE. Kenwood, or P. T. M. WATE. In- '
ternal Revenue Of.'.cc. city.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feet.
Daily mall. : Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address COOL-
DEN & JACOBS. Dormer. Placer Co.. CaL
M A ITfcl? rbIVJF MINERU SPRINGS.^
iVa/\aJKi>nC Santa Clara County. A
first-class mountain health resort. Elevation.
I 2200 feet. Cures asthma, indigestion and kid-
I ney troubles. Terms. $9 and $10 . per week.
• Stage connects with morning trains at Madron*
i Monday, Wednesday and Saturday.
JAMES CARTER, Manager.
SPRING VALE RANCH.
Santa ; Cruz Mountains. . Pleasure ..' and health
| resort. Delightful walks through redwood can-
yons. ■ Hunting and fishing. Fresh fiult. Table
first -class. ■ Free bus. Write for pamphlet
WHITCOMB CO.. Soquel. Cal.
VITALIS
:yB^^ ;^s^ n> the new:
tPEOTOOIUFaZD TUP MSTUU
THE ABOVE RESULTS. Day. *' : jBMfll
It quickly and surely re- _ .^ffWAgy
move* Nervousness, Imnotency, I 80taSay* .'
Nightly -Emission?, Evil Drrams, I - ---■■-■
i ..wasting dlsf>r..>cs and all efforts of self-abuse ox
I excess and Indiscretion. Restores Lost -Vitality,
> Power and ' Falling Memory. Wards off Insanity
i and consumption. Cures when all others fall. Insist
: On having VITAI.IS. no other. Can be carried in
the vest pocket, s By mail $1.00 per package or ail
. tor Ss.OO with a guarantee, to Cure or Kef and
i the Money. > Circular Free. Address
CALUMET MEDICINE CO. CHICAGO, ILL
' Sold ". by Owl : Drug Co.. S. : F. . and > Oakland. ■
X. HESS,
KOTABY s PUBLIC AND ATTORHST-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels ' Bide
... - ' '-.'-■ Telephone Brown . 931. .
■ Re«ldenc», •■ Si ■ California ." St.. - below .' Powal^ -
I San Francisco.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ONE HUNDRED
CANDIDATES FOR
THIRTEEN JOBS
A Few Problems to Be Solved
at Alameda's Approaching
Convention.
Although Salaries After January Will Be
; None Too Large There Is an Increase
■ ■ : of Those Willing to Be Sacrificed.
: .' Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
: ' . • • 908 Broadway, Aug. 28.
■ Tw-o years ago the office holders of Ala
v meda County subscribed to a generous
. purse to be used in preventing the pas
eage of an amendment to the County
Government bill. This amendment was
framed for the purpose of giving county
officials an assured salary, as they had
for years ben declaring that the amounts
ailowed for each office wero so small that
they had left nothing for the head of the
'■. department. In view of the fact that
■ . before every election there are hundreds
of candidates from which to choose Just
. thirteen nominees, this statement was re
grarded as a little peculiar. Then some
generous legislator took up the grievance
of the office holders and framed a bill
by which the servants of the people
should be paid fixed salaries of a nature
very liberal when compared with men of
equal standing in other walks of life.
It was thought that office holders would
gladly welcome any innovation that
would guarantee them a certain generous
salary. But such action only produced
another surprise. The same gentlemen
•went to Sacramento, worked for weeks
among the legislators trying to prevent
the passage of such a bill and declaring
that the salaries suggested were alto
gether insufficient. Among those most
■ interested in trying to maintain the ap
. propriatton plan rather than the salary
Idea, were Sheriff White. Henry P. Dal- ;
■ ton, Frank C. Jordan, Charles Spear and |
•■■ Treasurer Sanford. As White and San- |
••• ford were Populists, elected on a plat- |
. form professing all kinds of economy,
their action created a little surprise,
.■ especially as they joined in a common
cause with their late '•plutocratic"
L brethren. However, the act was passed j
jr. and' the office holders came home much
dej-ected.
Now it is nearly two years since this
Mule experience at Sacramento, and the
public is treated to a third and the great- j
surprise' oi all. The self-same men !
." .to a unit, who declared that the salaries :
provided for in the new bill were "lnsuf
.;. niggardly and unbecoming the
'•■ dignity of a.n office holder in Alameda
County," are all tumbling over each
other la their frantic efforts to convince
• ". the public that they are the only logical
candidates for office in the county.
.It would seem as If all Alameda County j
• were running for office. Bometimes log- j
ical candidates are heard of, at other j
times the veterans demand their share of i
.'. representation, again independent candi- j
: ; dates who think they can secure enough
■ tiiii>port to w;,rr:i.;it v stronger m;hn la
. .inlsing them a place are numerous. In
this county especially there are sometimes [
. -those vrhe run for the sole purpose of :
having an excuse to tack their names j
and faces on every telegraph post; there ;
. are those' who prate about their services .
t<»: the party and the dear people; there j
■' are those who boast that they have the j
' . saloon vote, and others who are assured
'.. 'of the church vote, there are of course j
a. number who run on ail kinds of j
freak excuses; there are sometimes <
candidates who go around telling- of the
great- strength of the fraternal vote that
• will be thrown to them; there is always ,
• the incumbent who imagines that having ;
'• been so long in office tradition should!
'.'guarantee him a life tenure on his Job; I
again occasionally is found a man who,
(th-oroughly respectable and worthy of ;
.public honor, timidly comes forward not
Knowing what may be his fate in the
■hands of wily politicians of whose ways j
he knows nothing; occasionally there are ;
candidates who boast of and place their !
strength in the support of the railroad
.and other corporations; also is to be!
found- a number of ex-office holders, who j
. make a campaign on their old rev rds,
forgetting to mention why such records
were riot indorsed when they last ap
peared" as suppliants for public favors;
~" and lastly there is nearly always in Ala
rneda County a number of perennial can- i
dldates; always coming forward, never
being elected, and who believe that they
are "yets," while everybody else face- j
tlously and truthfully whispers of them i
.as "has-beens."
Borne of these types are to be round I
every time an election comes around, but j
this year, owing to the war probably, and ;
to the general belief that anything pro- |
feesedly Republican will be given the
glad hand, not a single class of office- ]
hunter is missing, and the amount of dis
appointment that will culminate on Sep
tember 19 at the County Convention is too
appalling to even dream of.
There are just thirteen candidates to be
voted upon by the entire county, and I
have before me over a hundred professed
■candidates for these offices. On account
of the amount of patronage the most ex
citing race is for the Shrievalty. Up to ;
. date those who consider themselves spe- j
..dally adapted to fill this high office are:
"Will Harlow, who disputes with the
.ground on which the Sheriff's office
Btaiiaß his title to the office, having been
. under sheriff for a quarter of a century;
. Oscar Rogers, Alameda's Chief of Police,
who was given a haif promise that if he
"kept quiet four years ago he should be
fcr allowed to "perform a piece" in this cam
w paign; Colonel W. H. H. Hussey, who had
one term In the office eight years ago; W.
■ Wi Cameron, once a Councilman of Oak
l;ihd; George C. Hunt, who formerly was
a stable proprietor and for two years a
deputy under McKillican; Sam Heller,
■ T.-ho says he has a cinch on his a.spira
■'tlons;'Louis SchafTer, who was nominated
■ f :iKO. but was knifed at tha
eif-^tion, and probably a few ebon steeds.
. The next great struggle is for the honor
. .of conducting the county's criminal busi
■ tpss for the next four years. District At
; torney Snook having announced that he
. .would like to go to the State Senate, at
■1< ,-ist four aspirants have appeared for his
'• 'place. All arc popular and each has a
•' y.ery large following of warm personal
• ' "friends, and the man is narrlly to be found
w.ho will tell you his positive preference
for District Attorney. As between Jus
tice Fred Clift, Justice J. J. Allen and
• Prosecuting Attorney Harry A. Melvln
• there does not appear to be any desire to j
• take up one more tnan another. All have
'• good records, and each is what can be
■•' truthfully called a strong man. The See
r \ Ward has also put forward John A.
Si'mdB 'for this»office.
Two of the most interesting fights, dis
tinguished partly by the small number of
r.miliataiits, are for the nominations of
Tax Collector and County Clerk. Tax Col-
EJarber. anxious to succeed himself,
at an opponent Tom M. Robinson.
B&rtx from Alameda; Robinson
from the Fifth Ward. The latter resigned
from the County Committee in favor of a
incoc! Pardee man, so that he could
inn for office. Alameda wants to name a
State Senator as well as one of the coun
ty officers, and Robinson can count on
great support in hi« own ward, which
makes guessing between these two men
a risky business. _>
A K. Grim of Berkeley is making a
campaign against Recorder Charles Spear
of the same city. Spear claims a majority
of the Berkeley delegation, while Grim
"also expresses such confidence as to cre
ate the impression that he has some
strength of which he is assured, but
which is not yet apparent. The fight be
tween these two men will therefor© be
waged to a finish at the Berkeley prima
ries and will not come before the County
Convention unless they succeed In about
equally splitting the delegation.
County Clerk Frank C. Jordan Is pitted
agralnst James A. Webster, a former
County Treasurer, and J. J. Hannlnn Jr.
All three men are making active efforts
for the nomination. Frank Jordan should
certainly have the support of the friends
of both Metcalf and Pardee. but In the
Seventh Ward, where he resides, there is
a strong Hilborn sentiment, which may
grive him trouble. This point is, of course,
being made much of by his opponents,
and although Frank should be able to se
cure a majority vote in convention, he
can only do it by bringing In the Seventh
Ward delegation.
The political conundrum of the hour is
Assessor Harry P. Dalton. He has made
it known far and wide thaWhe is a candi
date to succeed himself, although he will
not yet declare whether he will run as an
independent candidate, as he did four
years ago, or whether he will seek the
Republican nomination. His only oppo
nent so far is Robert S. Leckle, who was
his predecessor, and who will dispute with
Frank Jordan the earning of the Seventh
Ward. Should Air. Dalton announce his
position it would gTeatly simplify mat
ters. With the Republican nomination
hifl election would be beyond a doubt. But
should he run as an independent and
Robert L,eckie receive the nomination, a
strong fusion candidate would cause
alarm to the Republican party.
The luckiest man seeking office is George
L. Nusbaumer, the time-honored County
Surveyor. Candidates come and gro. In the
county buildings, but George seems des
tined "to go on forever. Hardly anybody
ever deems it worth while to oppose him.
and this year his only hardship will be
having to "deposit his ten dollars and make
a spefech of acceptance of the "honor
heaped on him" before the convention.
The most laborious office In the gift of
the county is that of County Auditor, and
this explains why so few candidates want
the Job. It is an incessant round of hard
work, with little patronage, and If the
incumbent does not perform a large share
of the labor himself, there Is no salary
i left for him. J. Cal Ewing, of the Fifth
} Ward and R. G. Graham of the First, are
desirous of succeeding Myron "Whidden.
Both these men are hard workers politic
ally, professionally, and officially, and it
is well that they are.
Several parts of the county are desirous
of naming the next Superintendent of
Schools. Oakland puts forward P. Ai. .
Fisher; Berkeley has named S. D. Water- ;
man; Washington Township would like to j
nominate H. \V. Lynch, and as the pres- j
ent Superintendent is a Populist, and not
seeking re-election so far as known, the ■
three-cornered light will undoubtedly be
settled by combinations effected on the
Sabbath that will intervene between the
primaries and the convention.
Every township wants to secure the
honor of naming the Public Administra
! tor. W. H. Knight is not anxious to we
linciuish the office, and is prepared to con
i test all new-comers, prominent among
■. whom is ex-Assemblyman Clark of Niles.
Robert Kuerzel of Oakland and Arthur
i Feidler of Livermore are understood to
' be the Republican contestants, so fax, to
' succeed County Treasurer Sanford. As
| this office, like the Sheriff's and Superln-
I tendent of Schools, is now held by Popu
lists, It is expected that the fall campaign
■ will change the political complexion of the
I Incumbents.
Coroner Baldwin, who has startled the
county by stating that under no condi
tions would he accept another term, will
! leave a vacancy to be fought over. Mr.
! Mehrmann hopes to capture this nomina
tion, but he will have to vanquish sev
i eral others, prominent among whom are
James Taylor, Bessie Wood and W. N.
Leitch.
With the convention three weeks ahead
it is necessary to bo arrange matters that
, all the offices will not be distributed
i around the bay. The Democrats have al
ways claimed much strength In the inte
! rior of the county and this has been
j largely due to the ignoring of this terri
tory by Republican conventions. If the
townships are to assist in rolling up a
1 Republican majority this fall, they must
! receive substantial consfderation at the
I bands of the county convention.
And then there are the district fights.
STUART W. BOOTH.
TO BE LAW INSTBUCTOR.
Sheffield Sanborn Appointed Judge
Slack's Assistant at Hast
ings College.
OAKLAND, Aug. 23.— Sheffield Sanborn
|of 672 Thirteenth street been appoint
■ fd to assist Judge Slack as instructor at
| Hastings Law College. The appointment
WSfl made by the trustees of the college
I yesterday, and Mr. Sanborn will begin his
I duties on September 1.
Recently Judge Slack had tendered his
I resignation as instructor at the Law
| School, in anticipation of becoming a
j member in the law firm of Paterson &
Rogers. The trustees, however, prevailed
I upon him to withdraw his resignation.
! This he did with thf> proviso that he be
| given an assistant, and the trustees have
accordingly accommodated him.
Sheffield Sanborn's appointment is in
line with Judge Slack's idea of having a
Harvard man to assist him. Sanborn }b
a graduate of Harvard, '»7 class, and of
the University of California, '94. He Is
well and popularly known here in society
and athletic circles— in the latter as a
champion tennis player. His father, the
late S. S. Sanborn, who died twenty years
| ago, was also a professor in the State
University and was a prominent lawyer.
j The younger Mr. Sanborn was a practi
i tioner In San Francisco.
AWAKENED BY FIRE.
Antone Nito and Hie Family Have
a Narrow Escape From a
Fiery Tomb.
OAKLAND, Aug. 28.— Antone Nlto, a
barber, residing in the rear of his shop, at
370 Seventh street, and hi* family, con
sisting of wife and five little children,
had a very narrow escape from being
burned to death at 10:30 this evening.
Most of them had retired for the night.
By accident a coal oil lamp near a cra
dle was overturned and ignited the bed
clothes. In an instant the room was a
mass of flames. Mr. and Mrs. Nlto were
almost overcome by the heat and smoke,
but managed to save their children by
shoving them through the windows, and
then following them. The house was com
pletely gutted. The neighborhood is
closely settled, and had there been a
breeze to-night great damage would have
resulted.
CAPITAL PRIZE*.
The OriginaS'Llttle Beneficencia Public*
Company, of Sun Francisco.
No 33 232 draws flr»t capital prize, $3750; No.
66 029 draws second capital prize, $1250; No. 70,
247 draws third capital prize, $G25; Nos. 10,372,
16,561, 34,466, 65,412 and 78,353 each draws $62 50.
AH prizes cashed in full without discount, at
room 617, 228 Montgomery St., San Francisco,
Cal. •
THE SAJS FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 29, 1898.
THOSE BLANK
CERTIFICATES
One Is Found Said to Be
Regularly Signed.
AN ISSUE AT THE PRIMARY
GLEBK JOBDAN WTLL WHITE A
COMPLETE STATEMENT.
Much Interest Shown in the Method
by Which Delegates to the
Convention Shall Be
Chosen.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Aug. 28.
County Clerk Frank Jordan is preparing
another statement setting forth his views
of the alleged issuance of blank certifi
cates of registration for the Hilbom-Met
calf primary. This question is one that
will not down. Every few hours it arises
and is the subject of discussion, and It
will no doubt have a marked effect one
way or the other on the county primaries
which are to be held September 17th.
• Scores of these certificates are being
dug up. Most of them contain signatures
and the seal of the County Clerk's office,
but are declared to be forgeries. The par
ticular one bearing the signature of Dep
uty Clerk James B. Dean is being dis
puted. Mr. Dean declares it to be a for
gery; others believe it was signed by Mr.
Dean. »One blank card containing the sig
nature of a deputy was taken to Mr. Jor
dan's office yesterday, and It is said mat
he acknowledged the genuineness of the
signature. But so far no reward has been
paid. "
Several certificates, some bearing the
seal and some not, but all signed by dep
uty county clerks, are In "the possession
of Frank A. Leach, and he says that there
are hundreds of them in existence. Just
what use may be made of them is not
known, but the Hilborn men are very
dissatisfied, and are making all kinds of
threats.- It. so happens that the great
Hilborn stronghold is the abode of Frank
Jordan, and it is predicted that the latter
will have the hardest kind of a fight to
carry the county primaries in his favor.
It Is conceded -that Frank Jordan de
serves and will probably get all of the
support that can be controlled by Victor
Metcalf's friends and the followers of Dr.
Pardee, because whatever he did if he did
anything, and whatever ne risked, if he
risked anything, was done in the interest
of these factions. ' .
' Frank Jordan declares that his next
statement, which will be issued in a few
days, will completely exonerate him, but
exoneration in politics is a debatable cap
ital, and does not always succeed in turn
ing the tide of voters at a primary.
Next Saturday the County Republican
Central Committee will meet to determine
the method in which the primaries shall
be called. The State and Congressional
primaries were called by Assembly dis
tricts, but there is a general desire to call
the county- primaries by wards and
townships, Should the Assembly method
prevail It will upset nearly all the combi
nations now being made, and which are
confined to wards or townships. There is
still a little doubt 1 as to which of the two
methods is favored by the county commit
tee, but it is generally, believed that the
ward and township plans will find most
favor. :' ■•■■ •■ ■■■-■ -• ■ ■ •■•-■■ \y : '.-.^...
AN ORPHAN DROWNED
IN A RESERVOIR
WAS ON A PICNIC AT WALTER
MOROSCO'S BANCH.
David Sampson, an Inmate of the
West Oakland Home, Loses His
Life While Swimming.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 28.
The picnic of the children of the West
Oakland Home at Walter Morosco's Ger
anium place, last Saturday, was marred
by death.
When Miss Lide Gilmore, the matron
! of the home, gathered the children for
| the return trip in the afternoon, David
i Sampson, a fifteen-year-old lad, was
! missing. .He had usually been favored
with greater freedom than the others on
account of his age, good behavior and
1 sense, so that no great attention was
given to his absence. It was thought
i that he had gone to the home, but he
! was not there when the party returned.
! Mr. Morosco sent out searching parties
> through the night, but found no trace of
! the boy.
This morning the search was continued,
when Sampson's clothes were found in
the brush near the reservoir on Thomas
McGe-e's place, not far from Fruitvale.
The boy, it developed, had gone in swim
ming in the reservoir and was drowned.
Late this afternoon the body was found.
The reservoir is a bowl-shaped affair and
the boy, who was not a swimmer, slipped
into deep water.
Coroner Baldwin was notified Imme
diately and took charge of the remains.
The inquest will be held to-morrow even
! ing.
Miss Gilmore, the matron of the We»t
I Oakland Home, is frantic over the boy's
death for she was very much attached
jto him. The dead boy was a singer in
the St. John's choir. He was particular
i lv bright, intelligent and well behaved.
i He is a half orphan, his father residing
lln San Francisco. But during the past
eight years that David has been at the
home the parent has done nothing toward
: his care and suport.
Reliance Wheelmen Race.
OAKLAND, Aug. 2a.— Tue races of the
Reliance Wheelmen this morning on the
San Pablo avenue course resulted as fol-
Half-mile scratch— Time, 1:12. C. Grass,
first; F. Evans, second; G. Frank, third.
One mile handicap— Time, 2:09. A. P.
Deacon (scratch), first; W. Robson (136
yards), second; C. Holmes (ISO yards).
One-third mile scratch— Time, :44 3-5. G.
Cramer, first; C. Vogel, second; A. Aude
fred, third.
P. Deacon, paced by Rosenheim and
Cramer on a tandem geared to 105, rode a
quarter-mile In 23 1-5 seconds and a ha!f
mile in 47 2-5 seconds; world's record am
ateur unofficial.
Funeral of William T. Valentine.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 28.— The funeral of
"William T. Valentine took place at the
Masonic Temple this afternoon and wan
largely attended. The Exempt Firemen
turned out in a body, as did the Masons,
while a host of the friends of the de
coased, including many school children
who had been endeared to him by his
kindly manner, also attended. The ser
vi'OH at the Temple were very brief, con
sisting of the usual Masonic ritual, ac
companied by the singing of two hymns
by a male quartet. Tne remains were es
corted to Mountain View Cemetery by the
Firemen and Masons, where the remain
der of the Masonic ritual was performed
and the last honors paid to the deceased.
A Stray Balloon.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 28.— About daybreak
yesterday morning two newspaper car
riers who were going about their duty
Baw a large balloon pass rapidly over this
city, going in a northwest direction. There
was quite a breeze at the time and the
balloon moved quickly. It was of a larger
size than those usually used by trapeze
performers and had a basket attached to
it. No signs of "life were visible in the
basket, however, and the balloon was at
too great a height to be able to determine
whether there were any occupants. It
appeared to be about 1500 feet in the air.
No stray balloons have been heard of,
and there is considerable wonder as to
the origin of this one.
LIST >; Or PBIZES. . '
OFFICIAL DRAWING
, OF THE
LOTTERY
BEiFIGI£jUBLIGA.
The 115 th ordinary monthly drawing. Class
H, drawn In the City of Mexico on August 25.
1898.
Notice public is cautioned to. beware of
purchasing tickets other than these of the lot-
tery of the Beneflcencla Publica of the City of
Mexico, .as - many . fraudulent imitations have
made their appearance. Be careful to Bee that
all tickets are signed by A. Castillo, Inter-
venor, and U. Bassettl, Manager, as none
others are genuine.
No. ' Prize. No. Prize. No. Prise.
25 40 26 200 247 20
264 20 310........ 20 ! 428......... 40
692.; 20 734... 40 767........ 40
805 100 811: 100! 1015.. 20
1031.. 20 1063.. ...... 20 1 1097......... 40
1241........ 100,1249 40 1287........ 20
1423 20 1453........ 20 1434 20
1691.. 200 1696 40 1806........ 100
1825. ....... 10012164 20 2206:....*...* 20
2364.. ... 40 2514 . 20 2674.. .* 20
2690. — ._ 2i> 2766...«... 100 2837 40 j
2346 _ 20 289S ...20 3163 ..20
8169... 200 3311........ 20 3351........ 20 |
835» i 20 3511 ... 100 3518........ 20 I
3709 20 3773 100 3800 40
8875... 401 3954 80 3a7T 100 i
3997. ....... 20 4084 40 1 4131 20 I
41»1 20 4221 20 4251 20 j
4280 20 4304 ..100 4362 20
4428 20 4595... 100 ] 4628 40
4673. ....... 20 478» 20 4804 20
4847 600 4867 .... 20 6069........ 20
5198 20 5255 '. 20 5284........ 20
5494........ 20 5548 ~ 200 5728 40
6874 „ 200 6017 20 6174 40 I
6189 ...... 40 6211 _ 100 6235 20 i
6320 20 6333 20 6334 100
6661 6001 6607 .._ 40 6765........ 20
6834.. .... '20 7060 40 7249........ 20
7274 100 7379. .....^ 20 7481........ :, 40
7454 20 7514 20 7629 40
7646 100 7857 20 7879 20
7917........ '20 8043 20 8072 20
8110........ 20 8133 20 8149........ 40
8213 200 8366 40 8415 20
5437 40 8438 20 8527........ 20
8723 20 8769 20 8920 40
9011 ' 40 9034 40 9216........ 40
9652 201 9655 20 9707 20
9767 401 9993 1001
10098........ 20 10218.. 40 10372........ 1000
10485 100 1 10557... 100 10605.: 20
10721 20 10S70 20 10902. ....... 100
10931 20 10953 .'. 100-10987 ..20
11574 40 11609 ,20 11678. 20
11847 20,11*87 20,11914 .40
12074 40 12142 20112152 20
12243 20 12278 40 12233 100
12256 40 12304 40 12314........ 20
12384 20 12456 .... 40 12502........ ' : 20
12740 100,12872 20 13140........ 20
13171 20 13286 • 40 13441 40
13777 20 13915 20 14209.. 40
14451 40 14641 40 14652........ 100
14654 20 14798... 20 15022......... 20
15068........ 20 15140 100 15162 ..20
15243.. 20115434 20 15468........ 40
15469 40 15501 100 15600.. 40
i lf*62 20 16013 40 16233 ..„.■'-■ 20
16356 40.16561 .1000 16638........ 20
16943 100 16997........ 2017224 20
17424 ' 40 17473.. 40 17589 20
17649 40 17755 20 17966..: 20
18136 100 15472 40 18519.'.. 20
18718 I 20 ISS3O 20 18973 20
19065 20 19077 40 ! 19079....;... 200
19262 .20 19478 4019527 40
19564 ' 20 19664 20 19785........' 20
: 20025 20 20053 40 20233........ 40
' 20371 2020734. 100 20*32 40
20955 40 21095 40 21240........ 20
21345 20 21449 20 21458. .......' 20
21689 40 21693........ 40 21698... 20
21715 100 21757 20 21526 40
21598 20 21996 20 ! 22028........ 100
, 22113 20122169. 40 22171 40
! 22199 2022431 20 22578 , 40
229*3 2023007 20 23041....:... 40
23070 20123181........ 40,23202 20
23205 20123341 20 23362 20
23507 2023595 40 23664 ' 20
23673 40 23681........ 20123711 ..;.. 40
23718........ 20 23962........ 20 24223 ..V 40
24300. 20024868 40 24532... 200
24540 20 24550 24583. 20
I 24592 20! 24697 600 24746...;...; 40
24515........ 20!248(J0........ 20 24927.......'. 40
24936 100,25073 40 25114 20
25132 40126361 4025362 ..*...* 40
2.'.413 40 25605........ 100 ! 25671....:.;. 80 l
25793 20 25796.;...... 20 25821..:.:... 40
25546 20,25847.. , 20.25*66 ...... 40 |
26014 40126101 20 28102......:. 80
26209... 20 26222...*..... 500 26255.;:.. 40
26267... 4021278 .....'..- 100 26483.. * 20 j
25638 :...• 20 26740 20 26997-...»...,.20
27021 a ' 20(27417. ;..^ 40,27568.. ..«..- \ 20'
27556 40 27636... .•ctT. - 20 27098 ......./ -20
27715 " 20 27716 .;_...■■ ! 20 27778........ .20 I
27867 ' 40125045 20 25172... :...... 20 :
28264 40128470 40 25638... .....' 40 |
18813 .;..... 2028840 ...... 40.25549 ..;...' 20
25576 100 28913....:... 20:23951 ..;.... 20 |
29137 29171 29263 ...100
292&0 20 29403.. !-*■ 40 29538 40
19649 20 29781........ 20 i • - .... .
30155 20 30223 40 30406 *... 20
304*2.. 20 : 30500 100 30505........ 20
30679 100 3C691. ....... 20 30504,...."..'. '. 21
30534 20 308C5........ 40 30*11 20
80597 20 30364 2031010.: .*." 40
31050 40181067 ....... *20 31077........ ; , 40
310S0 40181216 20 31393 40
31555 40 31663........ 20 31727........ 40
81928 100 32025 20 32128 20
32171 40132213 * 20 32226 ' ' 40
32255 100132305 100 32450........ 20
32473 .. 200 32." 46 20 32576 20
32674 . 8082703 40 32790 : 600
32814 20 32913...:.... 500 32953 *...., 40
33030 .... 100133063 200 33052 20
33232 6000f1',33311 40 33367.'....... 20 i
33440 100133666......... 4083862 100
33^03 200 33978........ 20 33981. ...*.. ..' 20
34002........ 40 34123....:... 20 34130........ 20
34139.. 80184198 40134218. .-..:..'. 100
31226 20134344. ....... 20 84866 20
J4354 40 34460........ 20 34166. 1000
34(73'!!!.... 100 3445S 40 34669 .-.20
i 34.779 40 34646 20 34701 20
14831 100134564........ 2C 34935.. ......" 40
35055 .... ' 40186088 ....... 40 35067........ 40
3-.055......... 100135199 20 35212........* 40
33220........ 20 35245 40 33546........ : 40
86682 -40 35593........ 80 35510....:... . v 40
3>,522 ...... 20 35861...:.... 40 2a5D2....:... 20
ZmV.Y.....: 20361?2. 20 36198........ 20
36271 ... 40!5«<54. ...:... 4039455 20
36530 ........ 90|56650 40136639 20
36715...:.... 100 36852........ 600,36*69 .40
26*82 .. 20iJ(!942... 20 37001 40 j
37186 ' ...... 20137455 20 37563... 100
3772s:::::::: 20137740. 4037026... 20 |
37932 ■ 20 350J2...:.... 20 38236.:......- 40
35343 ;" 2038395 ..*.... 100 3M91.... ...... 100
3.*579!.'.\... 4013560 l 40138741 20
35539 40i38569........ 200 35924 -40
1 88941 "".'.'.'." 8088944 20 30150........ :40
3Q"50""" 20 39257........ 401592#4 20
S94oa"" 20 39490 , 20 39094........ 20
wjftj 20 39517........ 20189811 40
40043"::: '40 400b 6 «oi4ot« :.... 20
40428........ 40 40546........ 20 40836.. ...... .;• 40
4<v*46 1! '2041041. 20 41108........ 20
4113:" . 20 41196. ...... 2041221.. 40
maj 20 41368 ....... 40141475 20
4 5?6:::::::: 40 41591.. ....... ■wuwij:.-...,.. 20
41851 20M1916 40 42142...;.... 20
«2-l"""" 204231S ....... 4042496 40
IBS 2042771 ...... 20142846 20
l4\l 100 432.54........ 200143377 ..'2O
43.18........ 2042566 . ••20143620.-.'.:..:. 100
J«46- 40 43-118........ 100 43931..*...... 20
440i1 20044017 ..... 4044019 ...... 100
twM.::::::: 100144191 20 44278........ ■ 600
44390" 40 44477 ...... 44631........' . 20
«m.::::::: So|4n4S ...... ■■•. .m 45154,.-...... 100
4n-*O2 '2014-1424..'...... 40 45997:. 20
Imw:::::::: iopewi..* *!»••—• in 1
4C265 40146305.;. 20 4fo4S 20
4fif.85.. ...... 20 46623........ 4R658.. ....... ->.20.
ictia 40 46749....:... 200 46 1 67 JOO
Jslii 20'»6524. ..... -40 46833.....:..- 20
T -ol 10 47006 ' ... 100147008... .....'• 40
«5';?".- — " ; 100147031 .;.... 40 47056 ...... 100
ii?? 2"" "•■ 20 47173 ...... 20 47180 ...20
CIS 20 47317 .. 20 47340........ 20
.4,307........ . 100 47759 ... 20147798........ ;20
*'*]\- iOO 47873 -K"' 20145004. ..:.... .40
47845........ inttflM 20|4514f1.. *20
g»e:::::::: 20 4WBO ....... ', '20M8395 ...:- 20
$ ?9:::::::: -Silw :■ ;: -r--- «
S:::::::: • ; 4,, ,-'-,04 !!!: ■ 40149688 vj»
SK:::::::: &mai «;«^ «°
Sii iK::-:::::^::::::::^
SE 40--1202 40 :.TMi. ....... 40
■:\V r \ 2051280 . " 100'5133^ 40
s ":::::::: M5d:....... 100151488 200
gSJ 40- fi->5 4051744 200
55! v iSH:::::k: IS:;:::::: 20
Illill iliiip
™ill 40;n259« 20T.2404 20
pg3Bs 1052446 20152680 40
g"? 20R2«5 20162W1 40
52807........ SmMB ..". ..100183140...:.... 40
SSW 1 B'SS^^sEE^
®™l 20-4041 8064056 20
1 |ii;i: 1:1 -ioi^iim
■: A .ljl M1R4RM ........ 20JS46M 40
gS 4AIMBS2 40154554 100
%™> v --y-y. ,^135185; 2015527fi:.;;.:.. * 100
E::::::: ■ 20!R«151 '. : .V 5-40 862R6 ..' 20
rim"""" '20 re (70 ..... loolr.fw-i....-....- 2i
lf± -'I ; $57018 Ml -. 20157019.:. ..... 20
56832........; 4057179 40157248 40 !
213 "" : 2057450 ; • 80t674«2 ......*, 20 1
?;«,•.■ ".V" 201R7.'R5 :::.."• 100!57635.^..-..:- 20
HSSrV"."; ■ 10i'7710 1:..' 40157943 ;. 'A 20
h^l\. V -; 40 68876 V...- 40168418 :..... 20
M 42 4 :*"-:: : :: : toS ..... :: »i.ws»:; 40
WW4 -'•'""■' 2o'K«*il ....- 205<;«04..:;...:^20
HsTsa;:- ::::: • 4015M54 -:::. ; ; >o j5w........ 2T
mow •:'-:-"!: 100!'9HO 80;»l« .:;..-;. V2a
b"",v*"V ;* 1 20b327.-::..:.. : 201WM7 ........ lor,
f.oo2.r::::::: • 2o'«o?o4 ..:.. 20160244:-... ..;;^100
60308 - • 40160375........ •40 60443 ...... -.- ; 40
•KM ."• 401W704.V.:.-...-' 1001WG0........-40
6O86o:::v v'.inoif^o.:."::.. 20 «1424 ....... 40
61211 ....... '■ 2001612 M ........ 20'fi1424.*: ;: 40
61R25 ' ■■• 20'<!ir..-.2.....;.. 20'«1637 ..:-.. -7 20
eiftflO::*..;... , 40!fi1«M ;...:.. ; - 40|61751:....... 100
nsss ;...."■ 2o!fii.s4S::;;:;:. 40162103. ..:.... ? 100
fi215fi.;:..... . 20162215.. ...... 4n|f12217...:.... ;:.2O
82225.::..... 2!Vr,232<> .....'. 20'<"2UB. ...'...; 100
W><? ::r.'.:. 20!fi2706;v:..... J0ifi273'». ....... •■; 40
52757 ■.'....-..' -'■'' 40' MOOS f. ....'.. .' JO 1 «5'*47.. ....... 40 |
fiSoir?! '.'.'.'.'.'.'. soiftso'w.-r.'....:' 2rt'6-*i-|i;::..;v;..-"so.
(8i14R~.;.'.:.. - 20 !R-!?o7.. ;"*..■....' 40'«52ir7 :.:."..".." 200
f«sis -;-."■...■ 20 ifioss;. V.;:..: looiß3<S(?. ;..:.■.-. 1 100!
:«8r0r.;v. 7. .-.■-; " 2oifi3fi7«:.::v.:; 40'r,40il .....;.-. 20 j
R4012 .... ■ \ 4O'r,4niS .'..;:. :.'.- 4f1'f14i8'». . ..... .40 !
tuiRa:. ...... : 2016J582.7.;.'..;* ■■'. 20164819.......".*-; 20 J
LIST OF PEIZES.
No. Prise. [Ko. Prize. INo. Prize.
6/.251 4065266 20 65412 1000
6T.805 20:66029 2000066079 20
6C149 20!66196 2«!66315 40
6i-343 20J66406 2066492 20
66495 20*66569 20 66603 40
66720 40:66744 20 66749 40
I 6f949 200i669a7 20.77169 20
67175 100:57189 4067262 40
67279 500 67490 20 67496 20
67534 20167731 100;CS151 20
68226 40168372 40 65385 40
65676 20168860 40168874 20
68933 20^69018 40 69138 20
69162 40169163 20i69222 20
69307 20|69376 40 69530 20
69535 20169598 20:69*40 20
69706 20169793 20069802 100
69512 20!
70028 101170111 „. 20 70112 20
70247 1000 70250 20170276 20
70483 40)70520 20J70535 200
7P556 2070918. 2070982 100
71032 2071HM 20 71250 2*l
71293... 2071352 40:71377 40
71400 20:71418 4071724 20
I 71752 8W72136.1 40 72155 20
72472 4072479 10072557 20
72600 „ 20172619 4072G45 -. 40
72597 . .... 2073018 4073048 -~. 40
73233 2073296 20 73326 20
73346 2073529 4073536 20
73539 2073560 4073675 20
73739 4073536 40174074 20
74119 4074170 4074214 20
74232 ... 20074265 40742*7 20
74332 20 743*2 4074392 100
74407 2074463. 4074620 20
74684 4074703 10074931 20
74347 20174961 10074954 100
75173 2075308 4075328 20
75333. ....... 2075591 -. 40J7R594 20
71615 .. 20 75968.... «... 100 76003... — ..» 20
76228 10076360 2076423 -~i 20
76533 .... 2076586 «... 2076673 _. 40
76696 2076.540 1007695S 40
7fi'9O - 10077299 40177518 40
77613 2077692 20 77992 20
78058 20-78295 207R312 20
78329 20178358 100O 1 78996 20
79216 2079246 20179425 20
79501 50079546 4079683 20
79325 20179837 20|
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 38188 to 88292 lnclualve, be-
ing 60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $60.000— 560.
100 numbers from 65979 to 66079 Inclusive, b«-
ln^ 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of 120,000—840.
100 numbers from 70197 to 70297 Inclusive, be-
ing 60 numbers on each side of the numbw
drawing capital prize of $10,000— 520.
; TERMINAL PRIZES.
799 numbers ending with 32, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $60.000— 520. . ■ ■ '.
799 numbers ending with 29, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $20,000— 520. .-«««-
No. 33232 draws first capital prize of $60,000.
Sold in Mexico City. , , M «
No 66029 draws second capital prise of fzo,-
000. Sold In Guaymas, Sonora and St. Louis.
! No. 70247 draws third capital prize of $10,000.
Sold in Martin, Tex. and Chicago. 111. •
Nos 10372, 16661. 34466. 65412 and 78353 draw
each $1000. Sold in St. Louis, Mo.. New Or-
leans, La., New Orleans, La., Mexico City and
New York City. ._
The regular monthly drawing, No. 116, with
capital prize of $60,000, win take place on
September 22, 1898. Wholes, $4; halves. $2;
quarters $1; eighths, 50 cents; sixteenths, 25
cents. United States money^^ pEREz
For the Treasury Department.
APOLINAK CASTILLO, Intervenor.
U. BABSETTI, Manager.
Prizes cashed at 35 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cax.
WEATHER REPORT.
fl2oth Meridian— Pacific Tim*.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 28. 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures w*i*
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. 58; Fresno, 96: Los Angeles, 88; Red
BluIT, 98; San Luis Oblspo. 72; San Diego, 76;
Sacramento, 86; Independence. 78; Yuma. 98.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 54: mean. 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure Is central over
Vancouver Island and another area off the cen
tral coast of California. An area of low pres
sure is central in the British possessions north
of Montana, while a second small area Is cen
tral In the interior of California. The pres
sure has generally fallen over th« northern
half of the Pacific Slope and risen over the
southern half, the greatest rise being ,n
Southeastern California.
The temperature has risen In Ariaona and
fallen in Southeastern California. It has
changed but little in other districts. It Is gen
erally above the normal in all district* except
a) 'UK the Immediate coast.
The weather is cloudy or partly cloudy over
the southern half of the Pacific Slope, except
In the Sacramento Valley, where it is clear.
Thunder Worms are reported from several sta
tions and the conditions are favorable for
scattered light thunderstorms in the mountain
regions of Pentral and Southern California,
Nevada. Utah and Northern Arizona.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 29:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Monday,
with occasional thunder storms in the moun
tains of the southeast portion to-night and
M-nday; brisk variable winds.
Southern California— Cloudy and somewhat
threatening Monday, with thunder storms In
the mountain regions to-night and Monday;
(rest) west wind.
Nevada— Cloudy, with occasional thunder
storms Monday; cooler.
Utah— Cloudy, with thunderstorms to-night
and Monday In the mountains.
Arizona— Cloudy and threatening, with thun
der storms in the mountains.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Monday: brisk west wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais taken
at 5 p. m.— Partly cloudy, wind southwest. 10
miles; temperature. 70; maximum temperature,
73. G. H. WILLSOX. Observer.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, AUGUST 29.
Sun rise* ....- 6:38
Sun sets .....6:43
Moon sets 3:16 a. m.
8:31
4:15
4:57
10:31
11:06
11:40
12:10
3::
4:
r,:>
5:1
9:31
10:27
11:20
5.9
6.S
5.7
— «.4J
—0.1
0.3
1.5
1.1
r,.
- -■-.:>■
H W
0:11
1:05
2:02
6.4
5.0
6:
1:1
7::
».
1:
!:■
6.
7:
8:
0.9
0.9
0.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide ot
the. day. the third time column the third tide
an.i the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there arc but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tae
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMER 3TO ARRIVE.
5igna1. .... ......
Santa R05a.....
Columbia
North F0rk.....
Umatilla
Willamette.....
Hueneme. ....... '
Czarina......... !
Coos 8ay.........
Arcata......
Ch11kat. .........
Acapulco
Portland
Crescent City...
Mackinaw.......
Pomona
Lakme. — .V I
State California
H0mer.;.........
Queen
National City.;
'Grays Harbor Aug. 29
'San Diego Aug. 29
Portland Aug. 30
Humboldt Aug. 30
Victoria & Puget Sound Aug. 30
Seattle Aug. 30
[Portland Aug. 30
ISPattle Aug.3o
Newport Aug. 31
Coos Bay Aug. 31
Humboldt Aug. 31
Panama ISept. 1
St. Michael Sept. 1
Crescent City !Sept. 1
ITacoma 'Sept. 1
San Diego §***' 2
Honolulu [Sept. 2
jl'nrtland ISept. 4
Newport jSept. 4
(Victoria & Puget SoundjSopt. 4
Oregon Ports ,Sept. 4
in
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
galls.
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd.L
San Juan... Panama t
Homer Newport J
Orizaba Humboldt — i
Santa Rosa San Diego.... i
Australia .. Honolulu i
Columbia .. Portland s
Arcata Cooa Bay i
Coca Bay...|Newport f
Chllkat jHumboldt i
Belgic jChina&Japan i
Uir.attlla . . . ! Vie &. Pgt S<V I
Pomona |San Diego \i
cans. ner.
Aug. 29, 10 am Pier 9
Aug. 29. 12 m PMSS
Aug. 29, 9am Pier 11
Aug. 30, 10 am Pier 'I
Aug. 31, 11 am Pier 11
Sept. 1, 2pm Pier 7
Sept. 2, 10 am | Pier 12
Sept. 2. 10 ami Pier 18
Sept. 2, 9 am [Pier 11
Sept. 2, 10 am Pier 13
Sept. 3, 1 pmIPMSS
.ISept. 3, 10 am! Pier 9
■Sept. 4, 11 am I'l-r U
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense. »
Navigators are cordially invited to vistt the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information ran always be obtained regarding
liKhts, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocear commerce.
The time ball on the tcwer of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
celved each day from the United State! Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal
A notice stating whether the' ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any, Is published
In the morning papers the following day
_ CHAS. P. WElicH,
Ensign (retired), U. s. N., in charge.
SHIPPING l TELLIGESCE.
; ARRIVED. : V
bm n . v „■ • Sunday. Augrust 28.
-Strnr Orizaba, Parsons, 20 hours from Eu
rokii. ' . '
Strar ■ Ruth Strand, 60 hour* from Tllla
■DOL • , , ' ' ' '
• Btmr Aloha, Jorjrensen, 15 hoar* from Fort
Bragg. .- ■ . ; -.»- :-i. -y . ■> . .
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 51 hour* from Coo*
Bay-.
Stmr Bonlta, Olsen. '26 hours from Eureka,
Br • ship Cape Clear, Smith, 150 days from
Hamburg. - , _,- .■. ..,  - . .-.  5
Stmr Gipsy, Qielow, Si hours from " Moss
Landing:. •
Schr Lena Sweasey, Topfer, 10 days from
Wlllapa I Harbor. .
" . SAILED.
■-:-■'*- *: " Sunday, August 18.
• Stmr Tillamook, Doran. St Michael.
Stmr Scotia, Hansen, Eureka. . '^ ""? I
Stmr Coquille River, Jonnson, Fort Bragg:.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, Portland.
. Stmr State of - California, Thomas, Portland
and Astoria.
Bark Mohican, Saunders, Honolulu. :'
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowen* Land
ing ,- •.. ;■ . -.:■'-;-■•:■ ;■ '.
■ Schr Neptune. Estvold. . r*.{J
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Aug. 28. 10 p. Weather
foggy; wind W; velocity 14 miles.
I ' MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Ruth— Augr 22 at 7 p m passed tag
Rescue with lumber raft in tow in fat 43 23 N
long 124 36 W. "Weather light, NW and hazy;
sea smooth. Again on. Aug 26 at 11:45 p m
passed the raft in rat 41 21 N long 124 27 W;
whither calm and hazy; sea smooth.'
Per Btmr Saturday, Aug : 27,' at ■ 5:80
a m, met tug Monarch with raft in tow, about
35 miles north of Mendocino;. all well; smooth
and calm.
HKpli DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived • An* 2»— Ship
Wm H : Starbuck, from Yokohama.
PORT GAMBLE— galled Aug 27— Schr Mag
gie C Rubs, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug Ship Tosemlta,
hence 'Aug 6. .
Sailed. Aug 28— Stmr City of Topeka,for Dvea:
schr Vine, for San Francisco; schr Wm Ren
ton, for San Pedro; bark Harry . Morse, for
Ban Francisco. BE* B 9fr< Ti asßf ***WJ'"Wßj
REDONDO— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr Newsboy,
from Usal.
GREENWOOD— Aug Stmr Whtte*
boro, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug Stmr South Port
land, from St Michael.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Aug Schr La Chile-
Ba, hepce Auk 25. . ■
FOR* BRAGG— Arrived Aug 6tmr Se
quoia, hence Aug 27.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Auk Schr A M Bax
ter, for Seattle; schr Dora Bluhm. for Tacoma.
Arrived Aug 28— Bktn Uncle John, from Port
Gamble. - : '■: . v. "'
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Aug 28— Stmr Etrn
ria, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Auc 28 — Stmr
Koenlgen Louise, for New York.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABUrr NT. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing: on body and mlndand
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cnreigoaraatrfd. Callorwrittt,
I>r. J. F. tiXBBON, Box 1937, San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEIi. - -^
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
w. ...jf' Steamers •' leave Broadway
OJhw. wharf, San Francisco: "
IESSs^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
i t?J^kW3!^ August 4, 9, 14. 19. 24. 29, Sept.
< ISfc.BM¥^9 3. transfer at Seattle.
MKs^BH via For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
IWEwrtwiffll C.), Port Tnwnsend, Seattle.
r^^yßHl Tacorna, Everett, Anacortes
• . SM W and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10
• ■ . a ' m., August 4, : 9, 14. 19, M.
M Sert. S and every fifth day. thereafter; con-
necting at Seattle with this company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma with
L ,p %, at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For' Eureka (Humboldt , Bay), 10 a. m. Aug.
6. 12, 18, 24, 80, Sept. 5 and every, sixth day
th Fo e r a " e a^ta- Cruz. Monterey. ' San Simeon,
Cnrucos Port Harford . (San Luis Obfspo).
Gaviota.' Santa Barbara. Ventura, ..Hueneme
I Baa Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport -9 a. m.. Auk. 1. 6, 9. 13. 17. 21. 20, a,.
j Sept 2 arid every fourth day thereafter. - -
For San , Diego, stopping only at .Port Hap-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). : Santa Barbara, Port
T^s Aniteles and Redondo (Los Anpeles), 11 a.
m AuTu, 11.- 15.-19. 23; 27. 81, -Sept: *• and
i every fourth day thereafter. V- . .;. -\. '_-•• ;>Y
For ' Ensenada, •■ Magdalena Bay, San Jose , del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, - La Pal, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 18th :of
•very month. ■ •. • > ... -.",■:
For further. information obtain folder.
The company -reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ami hours of patllner.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ' . '.Y\ : ;0.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Airts.,
, ,.-,., 10 Market St.. San Francisco. ;
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO » "
PORTLAND
From Spear street : Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
rHIIU $8 Second Class and Meals. .'
• SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: ..
Columbia ............Aug. 3, 13, 23. Sept. I
State of California. July SO, Aug. 8, IS, 28, Sept. 7
St Paul ....-....516 00 St. Louis $3100 ;
Kansas City .... 26 00 Chicago ........... 24 00
Omaha .........;. 26 00 New York 8100
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. .
Superintendents. _ •
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
• Company's pier (new), 42 ■ North tr»TM
River, foot iof Morton st. Travelers 4JKtLTt>
by this line • avoid both transit by >3*iWSw»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $140;
second class, $116. ,
LA TOURAINE ..;........' Sept. 3, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE ..^. ....... Sept. 10. 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE Sept. 17. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE ..Sept. 24, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE ..;.. Oct. 1, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to <•■■■■■
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent,.
' No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. V •
.^SSfetAaKP&RRBIR s - s - AUSTRALIA
ira^T**<KH«lsaMM*Jaa- sall3 for Honolulu only
HiSmd & Thursday, September , 1,
SABMSQMIBdI T " he S - AUSTRALIA
Js3SffiSnifiSL palla ' or Honolulu only
J\T£ * BS ""* Thursday. September l.
TG>iS^~r~^\ The' a S. MOANA
FiSIP/irnvlinc> sails via Honolulu and
J^l^W^'Jff 1 U.. Auckland for Sydney
"^^^ (ofnß9l2H"* Wednesday, September
Wlllf-MIWJ 7 at 2 p. m.
' Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. - , • : - .
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
' • 114 Montgomery st. '
Freight office 327 Market st.. San Franclsw.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS. ;'
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERT DAT AND SUNDAY, TOO, at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street ."Wharf. Fare 76c.
■ ' " :"' Special ; Rates ;to ' Excursion Parties. ' .. \
Beginning MONDAY. : August 22. ■'.'.:■-
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
•Steamer "Monticello." ,
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and 5at.":......'.... r
9:45 a. m., '1:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.) !
Fridays ........I p. m. and . 8:30 p.- m. :
5unday5........;.... ......'.10:80 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices — Mission Dock, Pier 8.
Telephone Red 2241. ■' ;
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCiSCO to CHICAGO.
very Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars \
Run on the Following Time t ; ";
t,eave San Francisco. 4: 3o p. m., B.M.T.W.T.F.*, ; i
Arrive ; Denver .V...V.*.6:00 p. m., W.T.F.B.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas | City. .7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis .'.... 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago... »:00 p. m., T,F.B.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS "f ;
Serve Superior Meals at Very . Reason- .
able : Rates. ''■'
yOU WILL EjE COMFORTABLE ' '
■ 'If , You Travel on the Santa Pc,
HI FRAXCISCQ TICUfImCE — 121 MARKET SI
fr. TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
Oakland Offloe--1118 Broadway.'; N
• '■% Sacramento Offioe— Bol J Street : . ; :
v _•: S»a Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara, ; Si»;
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOVTUKBX I*A«JIFIC COHPAMT.
(PACIFIC JJYMTEM.)
Trains lenve nnil arc <•«•• to arrive »l
■ • •-.■ NAN nall'MV*). " .
: ! * (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
(.bats — y Fnosi July" 10. 1898. — akiiivb
•0:OOa Niles. San^Tose and Way Stations... »8:43 a
. 7:00 a Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:43 a
7:00 a Marygville, Orotille and Redding via .
Woodland 8«43p
. 7:00 a Elmira. Vacaville and Ilninsey 8:43p
7:SOa Martinez, San Kaiuon, Vallejo, Napa, '
Caliatoca and Santa Rosa.. «tl»p
SiOOa AtlauticKxpre«B,Ogdeii and Kast.. Bt43r
. SiHOa San .rose, Stockton, Valley Spring,
- lone, Sacramento, . MarjrßTille,
Chico, Tehama and Re^ 81urt.... 4tl3p
SiSAa Peters, Oakdale and Jamestown.... 7:13p
*»:a»A Milton »7i»3»
»i««a New Orleans K»pr««!, Merced, Fres-
:, no, - IMmaield. Santa lUrbara,
I^is Aukklm, DonainK. £1 I'aso,
New Orleans and Ka5t.'......' 6.4.1 p
■ 1O:O© x Vallrjo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
•l:OOp Sacramento Kiver Steamers *»:«Op
....... San Jose, Niit-s and Way Stations. . . !'•: 1 3 a
2:OOp Livermore, Mendota, Uanford and
Visalia .... 4tlsp
LiTtrmore, San Jose, Niles and Way
- 5tati0n5....;....; 110:13 a
4:« op Martinez, San. Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Caliatoga, Xl Verano and
Santa Rota »ilBa
• «:00FBenicIa, VacarUle, Woodland,
Knights landing, Marynville, Oro-
ville and Hacrainento l#:i<l»
• 4:SOr Nlles. San Jose, Tracy and Btockton 7j I a
 4:SOp Stockton and L0di................... • I«il3f
4:UOp Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mojave, Sauta Barbara and !.os
Ange1e5.......:..... ' 7.-43 A
4 t3»p Martinez. . Merced * (Raymond ox
Yosemite) and Fresno I«jlsf
4i>*r Sauta Fo Route, Atlantic Bxprei*
for Mojave and Ka5t....... «:4Bf
•tOOp European Mall, Ogden and Bast.... 0:13*
••IOOp Vallejo ..." I«:l»p ■
OiOOp Hay nards, Nilesand San Jose 7:43 a
|7toop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions !*>*3r
SiOOr Oregon Express, Saorameato. Marys-
ville, Redding, Portiaud, Pufet
- So-.adand Kast :....... .... «:134
SAM LKANDHO AM) HATWAUDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
. ■-.--■- V ■ Melroxr, Seminary Park, ( 7il3i
»:OOa Fltehburg, Elmhnr*t, S I3 A
loeot 8™I<«»dVo, Sooth Si.. \\*\^
liaiooM :;■'-.-. *«ore«*o, Cherry - ti:4sp
t«:«Or '. .' ' ' »nd J«:4sp .-.
0:0»r HajTrard*. 19:43p
7:OOp i Runs through to Nile*. . 7:43»
j I From Nlles. I
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Uaige). .f ?
(Foot of Market Street.) ■ ■' ;* :.
J7i43a Santa Cruz KirurMion, Santa Crui
' and Principal Way Stations )St*S»
■ 4ilßA.Hewark,CenterTille,SanJoee,FeltoQ.
■ . Boulder Creek, San and Way
Stations »io Op
•2:13p Newark, Centervllle, San Jose, New
,'■••' • • Almaden, Felton, Bonlder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way -
Stations U9ißoa
4:1Bp Ban Jose, Glenwood k Way Stations O:2Oa
•4»l»p Boulder Creek and Santa Cnn...... jt»:a»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fnm SIR r&iKCisco— r«*t or n»rkit Strut (gib S>—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. tl:03 "2:00 t3:00
•4:00 ' tB:Ofl ', •6:03 p.m. .■;-
rrm OltUn— r*«t «r Brradvay.— -e.-oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
.. tl3:00 *l:00 ta:OO ;■ »3:00 ■ tt:OO ' '8:00 f.M.
"~~ COAST DIVISION (Broad Oauge). ~~
, ' ■■:.. ..'. . (Third and Townaend Sts.) ,
. *7<OOa San Jose and Way Stations (Now " '
Almaden Wednesdays only) liSOr . '
t7iSOA Sunday Excursion - for San Jose,
Santa ■ Cruz, Pacific GroTa and
Principal Way Station* JBi»Br
••••a San Jo**, Tree Pinos, Santa Crui,
Pacific Grove, Paso nobles, San
. . ' Luis Oblspn. Quadalupe, Surf and
■-•"• ■-■ Principal Way Stations 4il«r
■ I«i4*a San Joss and Way Station* *SiOOa
11i8»a Ban Jose and Way Station* *S:S3a
*11:45p San Mat Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Saa Juno,
: . Gilroy, Holllster. Santa Onts,
Salinas, Monterey and . Paciflo
Grove .'... M-i»«i.
'. *BtBOr Ban Jose and Way 5tati0n5.;........ *9:00 a
•4:13p Ban Jose and Principal Way Station* 9:43j
•5:00 San Jose and Principal Way Station* 6:33 a
<f si3Op San Jose and Principal Way Station* O:SOp
• :»Op San Jose and Way Stations...;..... 7:SOp
t11:45p San Jose and Way Stations.... - 7;30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Bun>iavß exoepted. J Sundays only, t Saturdays only .
I Bnndays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sunday*.
.' '
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 1J:33,
>:30, 5:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11 :M a. m.; I^o, J:3O.
*:00, 6:2 C p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:56 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 8:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, S:«,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Sctnietzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
June 29,
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. Destination. days. 1 Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:80pm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:10 pmj 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:22pm
Fulton,
7:Boam Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburj,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:80pm 8:0»am Cloverdale. 7:35pm i:2lpm
7:30 am I Hopland and I 110:25 am
B:3opm 8:00am| Ukiah. | 7:Bs pmf 6:22pm
7:80 am 10:25 am
8:00 am GuernevlUa. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm | 6:22 pm
7:loam 8:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am-] B:4oam
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. [6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:3o ami B:oo.am| Sebastopol. 110:40 am;10:25 am
B:3o pmf s:oo pmj | 7:35 pm( 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Qey-
serville for 6kagg3 Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kolseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
Bide, Lierley's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullville, Booneville. Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, U^al.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids;.
A W. FOSTER, R- X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausaiito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, '8:00, *y:3O, 11:00 a. m.j
n-45 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at U:»
c m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. *9:00. *10:00, 11:00. 11:39
a. m ; 1:00. 'I:4s, »2:30, »4:00, 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11 00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.
6-SOp. m does not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
Trains marked * run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:ZS. 7:55, 8:25. »9:5«
a. m • *12:20, 2:10, »3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 8:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:00, •SW. *9:45, '10:4s. 11:48
a. m • 100, 2-20. »3:30. *5:15. •6:00, 7:00 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WFEK DAY£-5:45, 6:45, 7:55, 8:43, 10: M
a. m ; 12:40, 2:25. 3:55, 4:55, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:00, 10:00, 11:10 c. m.: 12:05. l.tt,
J-40 8:55. 5;30, 6:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
t -20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'n*.
8:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted)— To-
males and way stations.
1:40 a. m Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
t:# p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JDAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, ISSfS, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed, j Passen-
ger. Sunday Sta- Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd tions. Exc'ptd Daily.
7:2oam 9:ooam Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
9:10 am 12:50 pm Mercd 12:50 pm( 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:sopm Fresno 9:30 ami 2:20 pm
11:35 am 6:45pm Hanford 7:4?. am( 1:25 pm
2:45 pmjll :50 pm BakersftVld 2:20 am; 10:15 am
12:05pmi 7:sopm Vlsalla 6:4oam[l2:sspni
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections — At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Fmncisco and Stockton at S
p. m. daily; at Merced with stages to and from
Snelllngs, Coultervllle. Yosernitf, etc.; also
with stage from Hornitos. Mariposa, etc. ; at
Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(.Vin Sausjallto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing May 1.
Week Days— 9:Bo a. m.. 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
Bundays— S:oo. 9:00, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:46 and
2:30 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Vallsy. tl.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 681 Market
street, San Francisco.
78
TALK OF THE
FAST RACERS
The Strings of Brown
and Coffey.
TO RACE AT SACRAMENTO
FINE SHOWING OF OUR HORSES
AWAY FROM HOME.
American Entries in Classic English
Stakes for 1900 — The Morris
Park Special— Light Har
ness Horse Newc.
Galen Brown's string, containing Olln
thus. Treachery and the record-breaker,
Libertine, left Chicago for Sacramento
last Wednesday night. Olinthus is to De
a starter in the California Futurity.
Jimmy Coffey's charges left on the same
car as Brown's. He has several two-year
olds belonging to Prince Poniatowskl, a..d
besides owns a few himself. Coffey is one
of the most capable and conscientious
young trainers in America, and is so re
garded among horsemen. Nick Hall's
gallopers are also expected to be along
in a very few days to take part in the
State Fair meeting.
The entry list to the English Derby of
1900 is the longest on record, containing
no less than 318 Dominations. In isf<7.
when Galtee More won the Derby, ther«
were 291 animals nominated, unu mat v. .is
the record up to the present. Richard
Marsh's charges have won £30,000 in* En
gland this season, and this trainer, pat
ronized by the Prince of Wales, heads the
list. John Porter, of Kingsclere, comes
second with £14,000 to the credit of his
horses.
Among the American entries to the clas
sic English Derby and Oaks of 1900. we
note two nominations in the Derby from
A. J. Casaatt, four from John Daly (all
by His Highness), three from Marcus
Daly (two by Tammany and one by Imp.
Bathampton), two from Foxhall Keene
(by Domino and Tournament), two from I
James R. Keene (by Domino and Choris- I
ter), seven by different sires from John E. '
Madden (who owned the great Hamburg j
and sold him to Marcus Daly), one from
H. T. Oxnard, three from Sydney Paget I
and two from James Tod Sloan (by Imp. j
St. Blaise-Fidele and Salvator-Qucen's
Taste). In the Oaks John Daly has a sis- i
u-r to Jean Beraud, Marcus Daly has two
by Tammany (Tallala and Tampion),
Foxhall Keene two, James R. Keene one, j
and Sydney Paget one.
Lost Time, which won a five-furlong ;
race for H. T. Grifnn August 23 at Sara- j
t.'i--a, is the reputed world-beater that j
Gisrtin had under coVer for so long a time. |
Lost Time is by Darrlwell (son of Imp. i
Darebtn) from Imp. Spinning Time and
was soM as a yearling at the Reed sale
last November. He is the first of Darri- j
well's progeny to race, and the young
horse bids fair to become a sire of more
than ordinary worth. Darriwell's dam is
a sister to Ben Ali. who won the Ken
tucky Derby and other rich stakes for J. j
X Haggin. The same day Lost Time won
Lady Lindsay (by Imp. Sir Modred-Me
tnentoi was also successful at Saratoga.
buss Miriam. Sydney Pagct's three-year- \
old filly, which won by three lengths last |
week over si grand lield of sprinters at I
Sheepshead Bay, is an own sister to the j
former champion, Tammany, owned by
Marcus Daly.
Directum Kelly, the four-year-old son of
Directum. 2:u5 I*.1 *. has lowered his record
from 2:ll 1 i 4 to 2:oßVi— the record for four- !
' year-olds so far as this season is con- !
cerned. It is predicted that both Direc- j
turn Kelly and Mico, 2:09 V.. by Arion,
2:07%. will beat Directum's four-year-old
• record of 2:05)4 before the season is over.
Below will be found the conditions to a j
running race to be run Saturday, October
S, that is likely to bring out a grand field I
and awaken no end of enthusiasm:
"The Morris Park special— For three
year-olds and upward. By subscription of
$20 each. Starters to pay Jvw additional,
with $.WOO added, of which $600 to the sec
on^. and $400 to the third. Three-year
olds to carry 117 pounds, four-year-olds
and upward 136 pounds. Allowances as
by rule to mares and geldings. The win
ner of the Brighton Cup to carry three
pounds extra."
Our local jockey club managers would
do well to get up a few races ot this sort
and intersperse them through their pro
grammes during the fall and winter ses
sion. A change could be made as regards
the weight, making the impost for three
year-olds in the .ate fall 112 pounds; for
four-year-olds and upward. 125 pounds,
and have, say four races, the distances
one and a half miles, one and three-quar
ter miles, two miles and two and a quar
ter miles, the latter being, perhaps, the
most popular of all routes. A series of
such races, even if not over $2500 was
added in each case, would give racing on
this coast an impetus and popularity it
could attain in no other manner, and the
first club that has the enterprise to add
them to its list of stakes will be the one
the public will support and applaud most.
Star Pointer, according to expert*, is
quite likely to beat his pacing mark of
l:59Vi before the season has waned. On
the 6th of August, at Columbus, Ohio, he I
equaled his record, and on the ISth, at
Joliet, 111., he paced a mile out in 1:59^,
with a strong wind dead against him.
The pacer William Harold, which made
a record of 2:13)4 in the far East last
week, is a California!! by Sydney, 2:194,
from the Steinway mare. Cricket, whlcn \
fot a race record of 2:10 at Independence,
owa, as far back as IR9O. Cricket was '
the first California-bred pacing mare to |
attract attention on the other side of the i
Rockies, and Monroe Salisbury was so
much encouraged by the success up
achieved with her that upon his retui'ii
to this Coast late in the fall he g-atnered
a large string of fast light-harness horses
and began a series of wonderful money
making journeys, which greatly enhanced
the value of California horseflesh and
made the name of Salisbury famous as a
judge of a trotter or pacer.
Prince Warwick, the Algona horse
which Orrin Hiokok sold several years
ago to the Austrian Government for a
very neat sum. is now considered the
leading sire of trotters in all Europe. One
of the Sacramento horse's daughters.
Princess Nefta has won over $10,000 thus
far this season.
The shortage in the supply of good
road and fancy carriage horses predicted
a lonp time «e;o. is at hand, according to
K;is?<-rn papers— at least fhere is a short
age of good light harness horses for the
export trade, as well as hlgh-stepnin™
carriage animals. In less than two
months' time prices have nearly doubled.
George Watson. London's leading horse |
dealer, is in this country, and is at a loss i
to know how he is goinjr to supply the
English demand for fancy carriage
horses.
During the coming winter there will be I
pent from the Palo Alto Farm (in San
Mnteo County) to the Enst. to dp sold, i
about thirty-five head of trotters. Tn the !
lot are several very fast Dexter Princes
likely to be hear.l from as money-winners,
if not record-crackers.
It turns out there was nothing In the
report that James Murphy, owner of Star
Pointer, l:.W t , had purchased Search
light for $25,960, though it is a fact that
the Hamllns are trying to get Crellln, the
owner, to put a price on the wonderful
young pacer.
.Tame? Butler, owner of Directum Kelly
(4). 2:OS'4, has purchased another Cali
fornia-bred trotter in Dlretina. black filly,
record 2:lC : *4, by Direct. 2:05 H. dam
Stemwinder. 2:30*4, (dam of Directum,
2:n"ii), by Venture.
Thomas Green, of Dunlin, Alameda j
County, has been asked to put a price
upon Stemwinder (dam of Direetnm,
2:OSVL and her two fillies by McKinley,
(2:lUi).
Rect. 2:lfi'i, pacing, by Direct, 2:05^
dam Lilly Stanley, 2:17. has slightly bowed
a tendon and been turned out at Pleas
anton.
Mips Logan, 2:07^, the fastest
"green" pricing mare of the season, is hy
Gen. Logan, brother in blood to the great
pacer Yolo Mnid. 2:12. for which Marcus
Daly paid JP/«X> several years ago. Gen.
Logan was by A'exander Button (sire .'
Yolo Maid), while his dam was a sister of
the mother of the Maid.
SEVEN PINES CIRCLE.
This evening Seven Pines Circle No.
3, Ladies of the G. A. R., will grive
a red, white and blue party in the ban
quet hall of tho Native Sons' building,
to which nil wcarinff the uniform of Un
cle Sam will be welcomed.
RIGHT BOWER
IS IN FORM
Captures Another Stake
at Union Park.
A VERY GOOD DAY'S SPORT
ROCK ISLAND BOY TAKES THE
RICH PUPPY STAKES.
Some Great Hounds Are Expected to
Develop Among the Young
sters That Run in To
day's Courses.
The patrons of the Union Coursing Park
were treated yesterday to a grand day's
sport, the work of the hounds being con
j spieuous by close and fast work of a very
I exciting nature. The puppies also made a
; grand showing in their stake and a num
ber of them that ran yesterday will, with
careful training, develop into valuable
hounds.
The open stake was won by Right Bow
er, a dog who captured a stake quite re
i cently and is at present in fine form.
His victory, however, did not meet with
much approval, as he is considered by the
regular followers of form as somewhat of
a "lurcher." Firm Friend was picked out
by the talent as the hound to do the trick,
but he was beaten by Right Bower in the
fifth round. Cavalier was runner up in
j the stake and did some good work, even
I up to the last course, and deserves watch
' ing in the future.
In the puppy stake Rock Island *oy,
from the kennels of Russell & Wilson,
won the stake In a handy style. St. Ger
trude was runner up in this stake, and for
a while looked as W she would capture
the stake, but Rock Island Boy being a
much heavier hound had more strength
and endurance and consequently won the
stake.
The result was as follows:
Open stake, first round— R~ E. de Lopez's
Minneapolis t>eat Al Austin's Glenstone; Curtis
& Son's Maud S beat C. L. Appleby's Queen
A; T. Hayes' Mission Boy beat Larkay &
Rock's Emerald: Pasha Kennel's Firm Friend
beat M. C. Delano's Daisy Hill: Max Herzog's
Little Delight heat George Reddy's Hernloe;
Thomas McEldowney's The Gossoon beat Rus
sell & Wilson's Jennie Wilson: J. Connell's
Log Boy beat Curtis & Son's McKinley; T. .1.
Cronln's Magnet beat H. R. Baldwin 1 s Forget;
Thomas McEldowney's Blackstone beat R. E.
de Lopez's Quiver; George Whitney's Theron
beat H. R. Baldwin's Grasshopper; Al Aus
tin's Douglas beat A. and B. Kennel's Douglas;
P. J. Q. Kenna's Flyaway beat F. C. Macks
Black Patti; Thomas McEldowney's Right j
Bower beat O'Neil & Hanrahan's Mercury: S.
B. Portal's Laurelwood II beat A. Johnson's j
Llssak; E. & R. Scott's Seldom beat P. J. G. i
Kenna's O'Grady; J. H. Smith's nendlgo beat !
Russell & Wilson's Victor Queen; E. & R. !
Scott's Lord Byron beat H. and W. Kennel's |
Burlington; Curtis & Son's Cavalier beat Pern- j
broke Kennel's Magic; (\irtls & Son's Com
modore beat 8. E. Portal's Lightning; A. John- f
son's Mountain Beauty beat Curtis & Son's :
Miller's Maid: P. J. G. Kenna's Jesse Moore i
beat M. Nealon's Van Knapp; P. J. G. Kenna's !
M:ra Moore beat D. Winder's Arno; R. E de
B, Lopes'! Win. ma beat G. Welsh's Little ':
Doubt; Curtis & Son's Chartist beat F. Jones' |
Capadura,
Second round— Maud S bent Minneapolis;
Firm Friend beat Mission Boy: Little Delight
beat The Qonoon; Lor Hoy beat Magnet: The
ron beat Blackstone; Douglas beat Flyaway;
Right Bower beat Laurelwood II: Seldom f-at
Bendlgo; Cavalier Iwat Lord Byron; Mountain
Beauty beat Commodore; Winona beat Jesse
Moore: Kin M nte beat ChnrtiFt.
Third round— Firm Friend beat Maude S; Lop
Boy b?at Little Delight; Theron beat Doug
las: Rlsht Bower beat Seldom: Cavalier beat I
Mountain Beauty: Wlnnna beat Mira Monte. |
Fourth round— Firm Friend beat Log Boy: j
ThT>.n beat night Bower; Cavalier beat Wl- j
nona.
Fifth round— Right Bower beat Firm Friend;
Cavalier ran a bye.
Final round— Right Bower beat Cavalier.
Puppy stake, third round— John Kerrigan's
St. Gertrude beat P. J. G. Kenna's Fox Kenny: j
Curtis & Bon'i TuFcor beat P. J. G. Kenna's |
Golden Russet; I. F. Halton's Tic Tac b<>at J. ]
Seggerson's Gold Hill; T. J. Cronin's Wild |
Tralee beat Jas. Hurley's O. K. Capital: Rus
■ell & Wilson's Rock Island Boy boat James
O'Brien's Statesman; Russell & Wilson's Vic
tor King ran a by-.
Fourth round— St. Gertrude beat Luscor:
Rock iFI-ind Boy boat Tic Tac; Victor King
bent Wild Tralee.
Fifth round— St. Gertrude beat Victor King;
Rock Island Boy ran a bye.
Final round— Rock Island Boy beat St. Ger
trude.
Fast Hares and Good Dogs.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 2S.— There was |
the usual large crowd present at the |
coursing at Agricultural Park to-day j
with fast hares and good dogs as an In
ducement. The stake was the regular
thirty-two dog open, and a god number
of the old favorites were entered.
In the run offs Orpheum Prince beat
Karry Eagle. John Mitchell beat Portia,
Fleetwood beat Lady Wallace, a bye; i
Breach of Promise beat Van Tralle, !
Home Rule beat Sorceress, Little Crip- 1
pie beat Joe, Van Brulle beat Sir Jasper,
Snooze beat Maid of Erin, The Ghost
beat New Home, Dan C beat May Day, '
Doncaster beat Fleetfoot, Ormonde beat !
Little Brown Jug, Snooze beat Maid of
Erin, Orplvum Lass beat Credit, Uncle ;
Sam beat Torpedo, Oriental beat Juanita,
Kitty Scott beat Llrlo.
In the first ties Orpheum Prince beat •
Van Tralle, a bye; Breach of Promise i
beat Fleetwood, Ormonde beat Home
Rule, Van Brulle beat Little Cripple, The
Ghost beat Snooze, Dan C beat Don- !
caster, Orpheum Lass beat Uncle Sam,
Kitty Scott beat Oriental.
In the second ties Orpheum Prince beat
Breach of Promise, Ormonde beat Van
Brulle, The Ghost beat Dan C, Kitty
Scott beat Orphr-um Lass.
In the third ties Ormonde beat Or
pheum Prince, Kitty Scott beat The
Ghoet.
In the finals Kitty Scott beat Ormonde,
Ormonde second. The Ghost third.
Sport in the Handball Courts.
The usual throng of sports and spocta- I
tors that love to enjoy a setto between
f-xp<-rt handball players assembled at Ry
an's court, 858 Howard street, yesterday
afternoon.
At the conclusion of the day's sport a
match of more than ordinary interest was
arranged between A. Hampton of the Li
cense Office and J. Collins for a purse of
$50, for the best three out of five games,
to be played next Sunday afternoon. Both
of these men are among the very best of
the San Francisco players, and as a con-
Bcquence much interest is manifested in
the outcome. A good many side bets are
up on the pair, as both have a host of
friends and admirers.
The results of yesterday's games are as
follows:
T. Clements and H. McNevln defeated W.
IIasB»ll and B. Clements. Score: 21—14, IG-- 21,
21—19.
L. Carralne and H. Danper defeated J. Ba
her and H. Racoulllat. Score: 21— IS, 15—21,
21—17.
In a triple handicap frame Dr. "W. H. Sie
berat defeated W. H. Kedian and S. V. Cos
tello. Score: 21—13, ir. — 21. 21—18.
W. Manion and M. McNeil defeated p.
Ryan and P. Fteiner. Score: 21—17, 15—21
21— IS.
1... Waterman and D. J. Sh»ehnn defeated K.
McDonnugh and N. J. Prendergraet. Score
21—13, 16—21. 21— IS.
J. Condon and J. Ho^an defeated T. Foley
and T. L#ach. Score: 21—15, 14—21. 21—19
M. Pogarty and P. Herrln defeated P. Foley
and M. J. Stokes. Score: 21-10. 13—21. 21-17.
A. Hampton and J. White defeated J. Rior
dan and 3. Collins, /'core: 21—17. IG— 2l, 21-19.
T. Leach and M. IJerwln defeated F. Jordan !
and M. Klrby. Score: 21-13, 13-21, 21—17.
. . — » ♦ « — — — — ;
Conscience Money Paid.
Auditor Broderick is endeavoring to sat
isfactorily | divide a ten-dollar bill j among
the various funds of the . city, so i that it
will appear in proper, shape in his forth
coming annual report. The $10 is "con
science money" and came from . Mayor
Phelan. The Mayor,', in turn recently re
ceived it through the mails from some un
known person. He promptly deposited 1 the j
cash .with the Treasurer and V notified I
Broderick. One city official who heard of I
the Incident remarked sarcastically yes
terday that "the unknown was a fool." ;
. ♦ ■
THE CRYSTAL BWIMIJINO BATHS.'
: Physicians recommend the Crystal warm' sea '
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach. i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 29, 1893,
THEY SHOT FOR
MONEY AND FUN
Shell Mound Marksmen
Make Good Scores.
M'LAUGHLIN VERSUS MASON
THE RACE NEARLY RESULTED
IN A BROKEN RECORD.
Stelling High Man of the Nord
deutscliers — Ahrens and Bridges
First in Bullseye
Matches.
All of the rifle shooters in this locality
| were at the Shell Mound rifle range yes
i terday and a number of excellent scores
, were made. There was not enough wind
, to bother the marksmen, but at times the
light was tricky and high and lo* shots
i were the result. Nick Ahrens carried off
I the first money in the bullseye match of
the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein on a
shot that measures 92-1000 of an inch from
the center. In the Germania Schuetzen
Club J. F. Bridges won the first money in
i the bullseye match on 146 points, as shown
Iby the measuring machine. A first class
man, H. Stelling, won first place at the
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Verein's class
medal contest, making 412 rings, which la
| good shooting even for some of the cham
j pion class men. John Tiedemann of the
; Red Men's Schuetzen carried off the hon
i ors in the medal shoot of the champion
I class, with 396 rings.
One of the hottest contests was between
; D. W. McLaughlin and F. E. Mason of
; the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club in the
all-comers' re-entry match. The men shot
turn about and paced each other at a
lively rate from start to finish, and at one
time McLaughlin had the chance of his
life to beat the te.n-shot record on the.
Columbia target. Their individual scores,
Columbia count, stood: McLaughlin— 2, 2,
6, 5, 1, 4. 3, 6, 2, 7—38. Mason— s, 4, 4, 3, 4, J
C, 6. 3, 6. 2-^3.
The scores of the winners of the several
clubs were as follows:
Red Men'i Schuetzen Club. 20 shots. German
2, r -rlng target — Champion class, John Tlede- !
mann, 356 rings; first class. K. Schlerbaum, I
362; second class, William Dressier. 330; third j
class. George Heuer, 252; fourth class, CaptaJn j
Henry Grleb, 321: brst first shot, M. Deckert,
24: best lat-t shot, J. Tiedemann, 24.
X..nldeutscher Schuetzen Club, 20 shots, Ger
man 25-rlng target— Champion class, not filled;
first claps, H. Stelling, 412 rings: aecond class.
1. Lankenau, 374; third class, H. Meyer, 360;
fourth class, Ed Btehn, 288: best first shot,
H. Stelling. 24; best last shot, William Gotts
chalk, 24.
San Francisco Schuetzen Clnb. bullseye con
test, machine measurement— First. N. Ahrens, ;
92 points; second, A. Bertelson, 133; third, John !
Hcrstman. 143; fourth. E. H. Goetze, 304; fifth. I
F. Attinger, 453: sixth, L. Ilaake. 4.'ta; seventh, i
R. Finking. 527: eighth, A. H. Pape, 640; |
ninth, John Vtschig. 640: tenth, D. Salfleld,
6r..):6 r ..): eleventh, Frank Koch, 698; twelfth, Otto
Burmeipter, 703; thirteenth. F. P. Schuster. 7"2;
fourteenth. Otto Lemcke, 749; fifteenth. F.
Brandt, 830: sixteenth, J. Oefken, 1004: seven
teenth. R. Stettin. 10C1: eighteenth, P. B. Fak
tor, 1130; nineteenth. John DeWlt, 1174; twen
tieth. H. Stelling, 11S0.
Oermanla Schuetzen Verein. bullseye con
test, machine measurement— First. J. F.
Bridges, 146 points; second, F. P. Schuster, 206; j
third, A. Junsblut. 3*9: fourth. D. B. Faktor, i
656; fifth, F. Rust. T.'fi: sixth, John I'tschlg. j
S2S; seventh. John Tiedemann. $97; eighth. Nick
Ahrens. &02: ninth, John Gefken. 910: tenth, R.
Finking. 1005: eleventh. H. Meyer, 1007: twelfth.
R. Stettin, 1033; thirteenth. John DeWlt, 1226;
fourteenth. John Beutler. 1249.
Colombia Pistol and Rifle Club. i-e-entry |
mat.-hes. 10-shot scores, Columbia target, all- i
comers' rifle medal— D. W. McLaughlin. 3S. 44, |
50- F. E. Mason. 43, 48. 54, 60. GO; A. H. Pape. j
50. f,2.
Members' rifle medal— J. E. Gorman. 55; A.
B. Dorr*H, en. (9.
Bushnell military medal. Creedmnor count—
E. Jaoobson, 47. 46. 48: C. F .Waltham. 43. 42.
I'lstol GO yards Columbia count, Slebe pis
tol medal— J. E. Gorman, 42; J. P. Cosgrave,
60: G. M. Barley, 62. (!2.
Pmall rifle, 22 and 25 caliber, club medal and
Roos trophy for ladles— A. B. Dorrell, 19. 21;
|fn '" F. Waltham, SO. 35: Mrs. M. J. White.
32. 38; Mrs. G. Mannel. S3, 38; A. Johnson, 60.
A MOST SUCCESSFUL
TENNIS TOURNAMENT
GENTLEMEN'S DOUBLES AT THE
CALIFOBNIA CLUB.
The Old Champions and the New
Meet on the Courts in Match
Contests.
There was a touch of the halcyon days
of tennis at the California Tennis Club
Saturday afternoon, when the ancient
I knights of the racket tilted In the joists.
The occasion was the gentleman's doubles
tournament for the champions of years
gone by and the crack players of to-day.
New blood won out. Cheseborough and
Adams, one of the younger teams, proved
their mettle and demonstrated that they
were the best players of all those who en
tered. They did not lose a single match.
Root and Walker took second place, with
but one slur of black on their record. The
first prize was a beautifully engraved sil
ver pencil holder.
Walter Hobart appeared on the courts
for the first time in many months. His
playing has lost none of Its former excel
lence othor than what follows from accre
tion? of adipose tissue from neck to feet.
The young millionaire has lost some of
his staying powers and his wind is not as
good as it was when he used to play ten
nis, polo and mount five-barred gates be
fore breakfast.
Stauf and Hooper defeated O - P.rien and Buck-
Chespborough and Adams defeated Wr,lt»r
ami {toot. 6-3, the only defeat the latter
suffered during the day.
Davis and Hobart defeated McGavin and Kil
garif, 6-4.
Root and Walter defeated Davis and Hobart,
10-S. in what proved the most hotly contested
match of the tournament. The score shows the
lengthened contest v/ith its deuce games.
Adams and Cheseborough defi-ated Buckley
and O'Brien, 6-2.
iHtauf and Hooper defeated McGavin and KU
eaiif. 6-1.
Cheseborough and Adams defeated McGavin
and Smith, 8-6. This match was well con
tested on both sides, with victory hovering
over the heads of either team until the last
moment.
Root and Walter defeated Stauf and Hooper,
6-4.
Smith and McGavin beat Buckley and
O'Brien, C-i.
Adams and Cheseborough defeated Davla and
Hobart, 6-3.
riH-siljorough and AdamH defeated McGavin
and Kilgarlf, 8-6. another match in which hard
ami earnest struggling was necessary to de
cide It.
Smith and McGavin defeated Hobart and
Davis. 6-3.
Walter and Root defeated McGavin and
Smith. 6-2.
Stauf and Hooper defeated Hobart and
Davis, 6-0, a surprisingly easy victory for the
former team.
Walter and Root defeated McGavin and
Smith, 6-2.
Adams find Cheseborough defeated Stauf and
Hooper, 7-5.
Kllgarif and McGavin then crossed rackets
with the victors and portTS of the spoils,
Cheseborongb and Adam?. Like every other
team, they succumbed to the music of 8-6, wlhch
represents a hard fight.
There were fifteen matches In all and
the ranking was made from games lost
and won.
So popular did the tournament prove not
only to the players but the visiting public
that the club is detormined to hold these
tournaments regularly.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Caroline Wilson to Charles W. *md Elizabeth
V. Gould, lot on X line of Van Nena avenue
30 N oi* Union street, N 35 by E 107:6; $10.
Same to J. \V. McDonald, lot on X line of
Van Ness avenue, 65 N of Union street N 85
by E 107 : C; |UM.
Adeline A. Har.kln and Man' Haskin Porter
to Mafle Lada (wife of Bronislaw Lada) lot
on S line of Post street, 137:6 \V of Polk \v
27:6 by S 120: $10.
\V. H. Talbot as surviving; trustee and
Charles Lux to Irena M. Rawllng* (administra
trix of the estate of Harriet Cooper). 1186 d Si
let on N line of Vallejo street, 30 W of Octa
vi.i, W 24:3 by N 125; also lots 3 and 4. Spring
Valley Homestead Association, quitclaim dee]
|193. '
Faxton D. and Jeannie S. Atherton to Fro-
Mont C. Bordner, lot on SE corner of Califor
nia and Buchanan streets, E 34:6 by S (0;
♦11,000. „ , „
Henry L. and Mary L. Please to Harris H.
Fassett, lot on SW corner of Nineteenth and
Hartford streets, W 31:6 hy 3 85; $10.
John J. and Ida J. Cordy (by Thomas E.
Ryan, commissioner) to Security Loan Asso
ciation, lot on N line ot Jersey street. 178:3 W
of Castro, W 24:4 by N 114; $2000.
Matthew I. Sullivan to George D. Oraybill,
lot on N line of North Point street. 183:4 W of
Stockton, W 22:11 by N 137:6; $10.
Catherine E. Sposlto to A. A. Guglleri, lot
on S line of Vallejo street, 202:10^ E of Mason,
E 20 by S 60; also all Interest in alley ad-
Joining on west; $10.
Edward Rotger to Johanna Rotger, lot on S
line of Lombard street, 77:6 W of Taylor, W
30 by S 137:6; gift.
Malvina A. Lee to Mary P. Scott, lot on N
line of Washington street, 155 W of Taylor, W
40 by N 62:6; gift.
Henry and Alice Kahn to Edwin J. Ellis, lot
on N line of Geary street, 112:6 W of Jones,
W 25 by N 137:6; $25,000.
George W. and Fannie E. Staples (Brooks)
to Thomas Knight, lot on SE line of Berry
street (extended would intersect N lino of pro
posed New Channel), SW to Eighth, NW to
King, NE to New Channel, E to beginning: $5.
Frank W. and Delphlne McEwen to Frank
T. Dryden, lot on E line of Twenty-seventh
avenue, 200 N of Point Lobos, E 127:7, N 9 de
grees 15 minutes. W RO.-S^, W 122:4%, S 50; $200.
Caroline Hawxhurst to G. B. Carrabbio. lot
on N line of Fifth avenue, 80 NW "M" street,
NW 50, NE 143. BE 60, SW 113:9, block 82,
Central Park Homestead Association; $400.
Joseph Whit? or Joseph W. Woods to Jacob
Samuels, estate of Joseph M. Wood, No. 20256,
deed and assignment: $1050.
Alameda County.
Alfred J. Van Drake to Theresa Van Drake,
lot on N line of Pacific avenue, 83:4 E of Sher
man street, E 33:4 by N 150, Alameda; gitt.
B. Kelsey to Nellie E. Henrioulle. lot IS,
block C. Latham Terrace, Brooklyn To-wnshlp
(ijuit claim deed); $50.
A. E. Snaw and Elmhurst Land Company to
Catherine Holme*, lot 11, Elmhurst Park,
Brooklyn Township; $175.
Perham W. and Nanette W. Nahl to A. O.
Buans, lots 6 and 7, block C, Fitch Tract, Ala
meda; 110.
William C. and Eliza A. Giles to George D.
Hlldobrand. lot on W line of Brook street, 100
N of Orchard avenue. N 66, W 91:6. B 65:6. E
5"9:2 to beginning, being lot 83, Academy Home
stead, Oakland (subject to a mortgage for
$2000); $2000.
Anton Frommenwller to Elille V. Frommen
wller. lots ] to 6. 13 to 19, block 12. Warner
Tract, Brooklyn Township (quit claim deed) ;
$10.
John H. and Ella L. Jacobajn and John C.
Rltfrhea <by commissioner) to John K. .Tacoo
■oii, lot on S line of Twenty-first street, IMC W
of Curtis, W ss) by S 100, being lot -5. block N,
Curtis & Will!am« Tract, Oakland; ?12VJ.
Edwin J. Ellis to Henry Kahn. |..t on N line
of Ninth street. 100 E of Clay, E 50 by N 100,
block 117, Oakland; $10.
Miss E. B. A.. Catherine A. and M. McOann
to M. J. Madison, lot on SW corner of Twenty
eecond and Kirkharn streets, W 339:6 by S 263 : C
being lots 6 to 10. 16 to 20, block 1, Map of
fcurvej of northern exfnslun of Oa'ilan-1, quit
claim deed; Oakland: $275.
Thomas W. and Jane A. Badger to San Fran
cisco Savings I'nlon, surrender of 6(18 d 13 lots
2. 6 t6 11. 21. 22. 23, 31 to 36. 39 and 40, subdi
vision of block 11, Clinton, East Oakland : also
biock 12, bounded on the N by Eont Tenth
Etroet, E by Ninth avenue extended, S by East
Ninth street extended and W by Eighth ave
nue extended, Clinton. East Oakland: $— .
G. W. Grayeon and W. Heafy <by Sheriff) to
George H. Allen, lot beginning at point of In
tersection of SE line of Lake avenue with E
or NE line of lands conveyed by G. W. Qray
pon to county of Alameda September 24 ISSS
thence SE to N or NW line of Lake Shire ave
nue, thence NE and N with curves and tingles
to its Irtersectlon with boundary line f.fßnncho
V and D. Peralta, thence 3W t:> nation No. X
thence NW to the Intersection thereof with SE
line of Lake avenue, thence to point of begin
ning. East Oakland; $620.
George H. Allen to Charles B. Cotton, sama;
Robert A. Friedrich to Elizabeth A. Fried
rich, the E 20 feet or half of lot 6 and all of
lot 5. block 17, on map of resubdlvlslon of
blocks 15, 16 and 17. on N line of Buena Vista
avenue and E line of Willow street. Alameda;
Michael Corbett to John and Hannah Cor
bett. lot on E line of Spauldlng avenue, Wi.r»s
S of Bancroft way. E 129.25, S 67.41, W 129.2.",
N 61.5."> to beginning, block 4, Spauldlng Tract,
Berkeley; $300.
Edward P. and Rowena Heald to Thomas A.
Proctor, lot on SE line of East Twenty-third
str.H-t. 130 NW of Twenty-third avenue, NW
30.3f, by SW 110, block B. map of subdivision
of Heald Twonty-thinl-avenue Tract, Brooklyn
Township; J2600.
Charles F. Tozer to Mary C. Robinson, lot
on E line of San Pablo avenue. 30 79 N of
Thlrty-Rlxth street. N 34. E 113. S 10:814, W H
to beginning, being* portion of block A. Mrs.
M. J. Evoy's property. Oakland Annex; $10.
Mary C. Robinson to Irony C. Lewis, same,
Oakland Annex: $10.
E.lward D. and Helen Harmon to James M.
Phoehan. lot on W line of Calais street. 90 S
of Woolsey. S 46 by W 150, portion plat ."J.
Peralta Ranrho. Berkeley, subject to mort
gage for $1000; $10.
Charles J. Callahan to Willafd Young, lots 2
anil .•<, block K. map of Andrew Jones' sub
division of Brooklyn Townsh p, Br.v.klvn Town
ship; *ISB.
Mary Rettllyon to Emma Rettllynn. lot on E
line of Bryant street, f.34 N of East Fourteenth
N M) by E 146. being lots 47 and 4S. block A ro
subdivlslon of Frultvale Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship, quitclaim deed; $10.
Thomas and Mary Addlson to Frank R. Rose,
lot on N line of Adams street, 127 9 E of Tele
graph road. E 42. N ISO, W 42. S no n; to begin
ning, block 5, San Lorenzo, Eden Township;
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
L D Grant, Salinas |G W Watson. Eureka
W Davlrs, Swansea M Greenwald, Eurka
M Pavies. Ind I. L Cory. Fresno
W. M Davidson. Cal W W Ward, llarysvllle
C M Daniels. S Jose C X Woodruff, X V
J C Nurse. Berkeley Mrs J H Slmonson & s
E W Thatcher. H..pln.i Merced
W Low. Hopland Miss N M Stoddard, Cal
R Roeder. Stktn J D Hicks, Fresno
M Robinson. Vacaville F McDanlel. Newark
D M Reynolds. Marln C Calkoen. Holland
A M Dollar, Cfl EM Smith, Boston
It S Dollar, Cal T R Georjreson, Cal
W Jenkins. Woodland Mrs H M Barstow. Cal
H R Havens. Oakland Mrs A .1 Regan, Cal
G H Smith. Sacto Mrs E I, Jones, Cal
G E Shlpaton, Sacto A Harrell. Bakersfleld
J Smith &w. Wash |W C Crandall. C.71 ■
A Alwvn. Cal C T Olddlngs. Cal
J T Edwards, Cal C J Belloli. S Jose
A V Ispwleh, Cal iF Miller. Woodland
J Markhcm. Sacto G Ru*linell. 'lVnn
E A Preble, Cal |E W Thatcher, Cal
H L Smith, Cal L Low, Cal
O Sullivan, Colusa I
PALACE HOTEL. " f
B Lownsbtiry, NY Count Lambert. Franc©
A Butler & w, Fresno C Harrah. w ,fc f, Phila
Mrs M Morton, NY C M Richards. S Jose
M Wemyss. England J F Richards, S Jose
R Raymond & w. N V Mrs Copeland. L An?
Mrs Koy. Honolulu A J Burton. Burllngm
Miss Key, Honolulu IE Anderson. - Cal
J W Todd, PittsburK I A S Humphreys & w,
J A Preston, , Boscton Hawaii
EH McKeon, Miss O E Parker. Stanford
C S Pastorius, Colo - C H Brown, Stanford
H E Pastorius. Colo W C Finney, L Ang
A Barker, Phila |S H Hamburger N V
J P Barker, Phlla M H Cardozo. N V
H H Bell. Stanford E Card 020, NY
J Garwood, Stockton M H Cardozo Jr. N V
L Dumarest, France ip Du mares t, Frence
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs J B Lauve. Cal L Xa Verne, Memphis '
J J Delaney, U S N Q S Brown. Stockton
O L Sutherland, NY C Harris. Merced
A Fuller, Cleveland W Henry. S Jose
W Black. Cleveland S M Mlleof, S Jose
J Gallagher, Fresno J II Hatton, Alameda .
W Donaldson. Mo B Holt, Stockton
E L Delt«,' Petaluma M D Antrim. Vallelo
T McEwori. Marvsville J Murphy, S Leandro
E G Shuler, Cal J Brown & w, Oakland
A N Myer, Cat J Boardman&w. Oakld
N Denison, L Ang |J Merkel.'ValleJo
J Coleman&w, S Mateo J Hart, L Ans
H W Crabb, Oak\-ille J Ward. Petaluma
J Gosper, L An,? -•',*. W Davis, Petaluma
J Cromwell, " Petaluma 1 M Dawson. U S A
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
O H Summers, Merced .IP Smith, S Cruz
A F Brown, : Callstoga Hlggins. Fresno
E U Hewitt, Arizona . C J Ryan, Truckee
J Donohue.; Vallejo A L Rhodeß, N y
Mrs Pullman &f. Cal J JO'Keefe. Ogden !
Mrs Fisher. Sacto . .1 Cadogan&w, Chicago
PS McGerty, Ohio P Chrlstensen, S Mateo
JMulroy, S Jose- J F Sullivan,' NY
J.'L Mn gee," Woodland C Murray, ■■ Boston
PJ Magoe, Napa .' - JL Smith, Fresno
N Cohen, R Vista I ■--.■■
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICKS— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Lnrkin street; open unfll 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Minion street: open until 10 o'clock.
2201 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2C26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets, open until 9 o'clock.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 84 (SPeents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market St., on and after Thursday. Sup-
tember 1, 1898. Transfer books will close on
Friday, August 26. 1898. at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BABY boy for adoption. 1 year old. to Crescent
St., Oakland, Piedmont; get off Perry st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rnnm 6: tel. 5580.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES,
FIRST-CLASS help furnished promptly. C.
H. TAYLOR & CO., 1023 Market, nr. Sixth.
JAPANESE Employment Pureau; Ideal help,
i 122 Golden Gate eve.; telephone South 171.
MEETING NOTICES. \
GOLDEN Gate Commandery. No. 16, -j=fc_
X T., Golden Gate building, 623 Sut- "faff*
• ter Special assembly THIS EVEN- fj
.-; ING at 8 o'clock. The Order of the UP
. Temple will be conferred. All raters ▼
are courteously invited. ' . '
CHAS. L. PATTON. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder. ' ' ,:
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal •
Arch Mas *ns, meets THIS EVENING. _J\J|
M. M. degree. By Instructions of the >S3T
h. p.,/ - . v /^r >
KING 'SOLOMON'S • Lodge No. 260, F. »
and. A. M.. Franklin Hall, 1839 FIU-_/\_
more St.— Third decree THIS (MON- Jilf
DAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock sharp. /V>
By order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. A
M.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _*&_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock; second de-T^Jf
gree. By order of the W. M. / V\
'■ ■" " O. W. ROOT, Secretary. .
CALIFORNIA Harbor No. 15, A. A. of M. and
P. — Officers and members are requested to at-
tend our next regular meeting MONDAY
EVENING, August 29, 1898, as business of
Importance will come before the harbor.
3 LODGE rooms; all needed accommodations;
927 Mission. L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay st.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
COMPETENT Swedish second giriTbeet~oif7ef-
erence, desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook and house-
worker. $10 to $12. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sut-
ter st. :
SWEDISH girl wishes to do housework, second
work or take care children, $15. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
NORWEGIAN housegirl, good cook and laun-
dress, best references, $20. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
A NEAT housework girl (German) desires sit-
uation as nurse or second girl; best of ref-
erence; *10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st. ;■-.-
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to
do general housework; is a first-class cook;
lately from the East; will do a small wash-
ing; city or short distance in country. Apply
206 Fifth St., near Howard.
COMPETENT woman, good cook and laun-
dress; American family; city or country;
good city references; no postals. 152 Fifth
st.
SITUATION as first-class laundress in private
family; day or month; best city references.
C 62 Natoma st.
AMERICAN woman would like a situation to
do light housework or chamberwork; willing
and obliging. 9'J5 Market St., room 21.
COMPETENT Canadian girl for cooking and
light housework; city references; wages $25.
Call 811 Geary st. •__
YOUNG German girl, 17, wishes a position to
dc light housework and mind baby. 221 Flll-
rr.ore st.
NEAT young girl wishes a position to assist
In housework or second work. Please call
10 Sumner st., oft toward, near Eighth.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day,
washing or housecleaning. 502 Stevenson St.,
near Sixth and Market.
COMPETENT woman desires employment: Is
good cook and housekeeper. Address MRS.
W., box 38. Call office.
W< 'MAN wishes place to do general housework;
$12 per month; city or country. 264V4 Tehama.
AUTISTIC dressmaker will work for $1 25 per
day. 1.137 Market st., near Seventh.
YOUNG Gorman woman wishes position as
housekeeper In respectable family. Box 155,
Call office.
BWKDIfiH girl wants place for second work;
wages not below $20: best of references. Ad-
dress box 161, Call office.
Mil !>L,E-AGED woman wants plain sewing,
mending or companion to Invalid. Address
MRS. M. C. box I.">S. Call office.
OFFICE work; lady with practical experience
would like position as bookkeeper, cashier or
clerk; will leave city. Box 162. Call office.
JAPANESE girl wants situation in family to
<3*> housework and plain cooking; wages $15
per month. Uox 16S. Call office.
POSITION as private secretary, companion or
position of trust. Address box 174, Call office.
SWEI'ISH woman with city reference wishes
situation as cook In private family. Address
box 43, Call office.
WOMAN with a little child S years old wishes
situation: city or country. 504 Leavenworth.
YOUNG woman would like chamber work and
MWinr; city or country. Box 144. Call.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper wants position;
also experienced nurse; best of references
given. SSB Eighth st., Oakland.
THOROUOHL'T reliable Eastern lady desires
position as housekeeper in gentleman's fam-
ily; references. Address F. W., box 9, Call
office, Oakland.
MOTHER and daughter wnuld llkeaposltlon as
housekeeper In widower's family; n.i objec-
tion to children. Add. L. S., box 126. Post-
office, Oakland.
A YOl'N'i; girl would like a position a« com-
panion and to assist In housework. Address
K. P.. box 12«. Postofflce, Oakland.
WOMAN wants any kind of work by the day;
housework or sewing. MRS. M. H., 2732H
Mission st.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at TNCI.E HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BKADLEI & CO.. 640 Cl*y »t.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
IIY sober, steady young man. position of any
kind; not afraid of hard work; 10 years In last
place; best references; $20 to person procur-
ing me good position. Call or address J. E.,
417 Kearny Ft.
CHINE.SE boy wajits situation; general house-
work, plain cooking, washing, ironing. Ap-
ply at 25 Baker st.
WANTED — By competent accountant and
stenographer, position with wholesale or
commission house; wages moderate; single
young man, not afraid of work of any kind;
best of references, bond, etc.; main object op-
portunity for advancement. Address H., 411
Mmou st.
MAN and wife wish positions in country; man
generally useful; wife as cook. Address 3263
Mission; or wife as plain cook alone.
EXPERIENCED gents' furnishing goods sales-
man wishes position; best references. Box 141,
Call office.
YOI m; man of long experience in grocery
business desires position In wholesale or re-
tall etore; best of references. Address box
18, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bartender wants steady Job;
last place 5 years; understands liquor busi-
ness too: best of references. Box 171, Call.
MAN and wife, Germaq, like positions on milk
ranch or private family; all around handy;
good milker; wages moderate. E. D., box 113,
Call.
MAN about 28 wishes position as porter; ex-
perienced; refs. if necessary. Box 50, Call.
AMERICAN man and wife want situations as
conks in camps or ranch work. Call or ad-
drcsß D., 7»7H Stevenson st. ; best reference.
MARRTKD man is desirous of any kind of
steady work; painter and paperhanger by
trade; can furnish tools; sober and indus-
trious; best of references. L. B. WOODD,
Klmhurst, Cal.
MAN and wife with child 12 years wants a
position on a ranch, wife to do cooking; man
to do general farm work. Apply <>2y Howard.
GERMAN gardener, thoroughly understands
propagating, landscape and greenhouse work,
wishes situation on a private place; refer-
ences. Address MULLER, box 138, Call office.
YOUNG man (19'/i) wishes employment -In some
Ehop; has had experience at lathe work. Box
188. Call.
YOUNG man with good references desires po-
sition In private place as gardener and man
nix nit place. Addresß J. D.. box 6, Call Office,
Oakland.
COMPETENT Japanese cook desires position
in private family; plain and fancy cook; first-
class references. Address HARRY, 935 Sac-
ramento st.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
the care of lawn, flowers, horses and cows;
reference; private family: small wages and
good home. Box 220, Call Office.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
lewelry at UNCLE HARRIS' 18 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $160 nlj.-ht: $150 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; fre« 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
FOR country, cook, 3 In family, some house-
work, $25: second girl and sewing, same
house, $20; 2 German and Scandinavian sec-
and girls, $25; 3 cooks, $25 and $30; 8 wait-
resses, ?20 nnd $25; and a great many girls
for housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
GIRL for housework, 2 In family. $26: 3 Ger-
man, -Scandinavian and American second
girls, $20: 4 cooks. $26 and $30: 2 German and
French nurses, $20; laundress, $86; 2 cooks,
small hotels, $25; 5 waitresses. $20, $n and $(
week; and a large number of girl* to fill our
numerous situations. J. F. CROSETT & CO.
818 Sutter st.
«if«U — ? WANTED— Continues
liTiMSH'VirtTir^SkT^riSircuLiSN:
325 Sutter st. : : . —
A FRENCH second girl. 2 In family. *20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. . ; ,
A RANCH cook, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
.;-. ter st. ■ - • _ . -
A WAITRESS, Gllroy. HO. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St. .
A REFINED German second girl, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ■ "
HOUSEWORK girl, Oakland, $25; Alameda,
$25; Palo Alto. $25. and other towns; 10
housework girls, ; city ' and country.. $20 ana
$25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MlfaS
" CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. _"
A REFINED second girl, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ' - ■
A NEAT girl, light work, $12. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
A NEAT girl as companion and light work,
country, $10. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A COLORED maid and travel. $30 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A SCANDINAVIAN woman with a child as
working housekeeper. $15, see party here.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A RESTAURANT waitress, $5 per week.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A LAUNDRESS, hotel, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
A NEAT nursegirl, $12. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. ,
2 WAITRESSES, Vallejo, same house, $*0
each; waitress. Crockett. $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, sleep home, $10. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES commercial hotel, north
$22 50
3 waitresses, half fare paid, south $22 50
12 waitresses, country hotels $20
8 waitresses for restaurants, city and coun-
try $20
4 waitresses, city hotels $20
3 chambermaids to wait, first-class city ho-
tel • *20
; C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOUSE&IRLS, second girls, nursegirls for nice
city and country places. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
GIRL with references for general housework in
small American family; small washing; one
who Is willing to take children out In the
afternoons; no offlce fee, $20. Apply to C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary^t.
WORKING housekeeper, good cook, washer
and Ironer, $20; middle-aged or young girl,
care of baby 4 months; both for same fam-
ily; no fees; cook for a boarding house, $30.
C. R. HAN SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK and second girl. $36 and $20. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, $20; chambermaid, $15; nur«eglrl,
$18; houseglrl, $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st.
TWO housegirls. $26 each: two German cooks,
$25 and $30; 10 houseglrls, $20 each; 8 young
girls to assist, $10 to $15; middle-aged woman
In country, $20: houseglrl, short distance, $25:
houseglrl, Oakland. $20. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
COOK, $25; American family. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
WANTED — A good woman cook for a ranch,
San Mateo Co. ; $30 per month : references re-
quired; this Is a first-class place. Apply
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
FIRST-CLASS cooks, nurses, maids, laun-
dresses of any nationality, with the best of
city references: ladles please call. LEON
ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
COOK and laundress, $23; chambermaid, $15;
2 second girls, $15: girl for housework, 2 In
family, $25; Infant's nurse, $25, and others.
MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkln st.
LAUNDRESS, plain work, $20; country hotel.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny St.
WANTED — A young German girl to take care
of child and assist In housework; must be
well recommended. Apply In person, 1921
Union st.
WANTED— A young German or French girl
for second work and waiting. Apply 1610
Franklin st., between 9 and 10:80 a. m., or
5 and 6 p. m. _^_
WANTED— GirI to do laundry and general
hcui.frwork. Apply 1721 Van Ness aye., morn-
in--r only, tet. 10 and 12.
WANTED— A first-class finisher on custom
vests. 3 Dlkeman place, off Mason St., near
O" Farrell.
WANTED— German girl to do general house-
work; wages $15 to $18 a month. 3899 Twenty-
fourth St., cor. Sanchex.
RESPECTABLE girl to assist In light house-
work: sleep at home. 1546 Mission St.; call
between 10 and 12.
OPKRATOR on pants: steady work. 858 How-
ard st., between Fourth and Fifth, over ball
court. "
FI!!ST-CLASS girl to assist on coats. H. 8.
BRIDGE & CO., 622 Market st.
WANTED— GirI to take care of children. 2912
Clay st.
YOf?NG girl to assist light housework. 442
Fulton st.
PROTESTANT girl for light housework. $8;
bring references. 710 Cole St., near Chutes.
WANTED — Finishers on custom made coats;
atso apprentices. 409 Clementina st.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework and
rare of children; wages $10. 2517 Bush st.
GOOD waitress wanted. 313 O'Farrell gt.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit Apply
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and bryant sts.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overßhlrts; *
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 364 Fremont «t.
OPERATORS on gent's white shirts. ROGER-
SON" S. 535 Valencia st.
FIRST-CLARS ladies' tailor to take charge of
parlors; re/.; state salary. Box 878, Call.
WANTED— Experienced operators to work on
flannel overshirts and drill clothing. Stand-
ard Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
YOUNG woman to do general housework. Ap-
ply 129 Perry gt.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
376 San Joae aye.
WANTED— A girl for general housework at
1626 Vallejo st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
;rw(>lry at I'NTLK HARRIS". 15 Qrant aye.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Bath house man, $25~anoT7ounT'
American barkeeper, $30 and found: young
man for housework, $15; hotel waiter, coun-
try, $25: restaurant waiter; and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— Butter maker. $30 to $35; 2 quarry-
men, $30 and found; Scandinavian farmer,
$25 to $30; farmers. $20 and $25; 6 laborers
about mine, $2 day; laborers for city, $1 75
day; 5 choremen and boys, $5 to $20; Kroom,
$30; and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 62S Sacramento st.
SECOND cook, hotel, north. $50; short-order
cook. $35: Swedish baker. $8 a week. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
2 HAND laundrymen, country hotel, $40 and
$30 and found; ironer. $35 and found: ironer,
hotel laundry. *30 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEX & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A FRENCH speaking head waiter, $78. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
7 WAITERS, city and country. $30, $25 and $8 a
week. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NIGHT clerk, hotel, $20; porter, $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SHIP to Skagun^ Alaska, railroad this morn-
Ing;, steamer saris 10 a. m. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
25 2-HORSE railroad teamsters for new rail-
road work. $25 and board free fare
25 muckers and shovelers, $1 75 free fare
10 2-horse teamsters, coast road free far*
8 laborers, coast road free f are
10 laborers for a quarry near city, $1 75 day;
10 laborers, no experience needed, city work,
$175 a day
10 swampers, sawmtl? $35 and board
20 laborers and lumbe pilers for a sawmill,
$26 and board
20 laborers for a mine, no experience requir-
ed, steady work, $1 W to .*2 50 a day: S-mule
teamstrr, J2fi and board: pruner and farmer,
boss here, $25: 10 tiemakers. lie; 5 brick
wheelers: 10 men to get out logging, $1 25,
boss here
f> railroad tunnel men. $2 50 a day
500 laborers and rnekmen for British Co-
lumbia. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
TO go tn-day— "s mmen to make lajrplngrs. tools
and grub advanced, year's Joh, fee and fare
$2: 6 drillers and muckers, $2 50 and $2 a day;
10 teamsters and laborers, $1 80 a day 2
polishers for laundries: 2 cooks, small coun-
try boarding-houses. $30 each; waiter board-
ing-house, $25. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and
610 Clay st.
A— 6o GRAPE pickers f are p^
$24 per month nnr! -.v
exceptional pood job for a great vineyard
company; men or strong boys, «nd fare paid
MrRRAT A READY, 631-636 Clay st.
A MAN. light work, $10. ~MIBS CTJLLEN. 325
Suttcr st.
BELLBOY, must assist clerk, $20. HOTEL
GAZETTE. 420 Ke.rny st. «<JiEL,
A FIRST-CLASS bootblack wantett. Inquire
at 607 Clay at.
HELP WANTED— Continued. ■; *
WANTED— German cook, $60^~^oiler~$5oTcooiT
email hotel, $30; Japanese cook for family, $40;
waiter, $35; dishwasher, $25; young man who
.-. understands bottling wine and dressing bot-
tles, country; man handy with tools, wine
cellar, country; etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton.
BARBER shop for sale at a bargain; centrally
.located; clears over UOO a month: must sell
this week. 5 For particulars address box 40,
Call Office.'
WANTED— must have Al reference*.
Apply mornings bet. 10 and 12, SPRECKELS.
•327 Market frt.
YOUNG man to wash dishes and work around
kitchen. Call between 2 and 4 Monday, 619
Larkln st.
WANTED — Competent optician; salary or
commission; fair work.. Call at 1071% Mar-
ket st., near Seventh.
PRESSBOY; one who can feed Colt's army
or Universal preferred. 529 California st.,
upstairs. -
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 29 Fourth st.
WANTED— Boy with some experience in metal
roofing. 3230 Eighteenth St.; call early. _
BARBER wanted at 467 Tenth St.. Oakland.
Cal. -
WANTED— Good cook. 126 Ninth St.; call
early.
TAILORS wanted for seat room. 803 Montgom-
ery St.. room 6, third floor.
WANTED— blacksmith for a ship, good
wages, at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied
unmarried men. between the ages of 21 and
80 years, who are citizens of the united
States, or those who have legally declared
their Intention to become such; must be of,
good character and habits and able to speak,.
read and write English, and be between 9
feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office. 20
Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third sU; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week. ■
YOUNG man to do office work; must under-
stand bookeeplng. FINK & SCHINDLER,
1309 Market st. ■-
BOOKKEEPER with $150 as partner In estab-
lished business; plain set of books; $50 per
month: short hours. Address P. O. box 403,
San Rafael. Cal. .
COATMAKER . for country. Apply REISS
BROTHERS, 24 Suttter st. .
WANTED— A strong boy to learn the baker
trade. 2757 Twenty-fourth St., between York
and Hampshire. '
PERMANENT salesman to . consumers: city
and country; salary or commission. 1165 Mis-
sion st. . "
WANTED— first-class cutters. Apply BIEBH
SHOE CO.. 23 Jessie st.
WANTED— clothing salesman; must
be good stockkeeper. RAPHAEL'S.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 13S& Eighth st.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; short-
est time; easy terms. 1542 Market st.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches, and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50: men's
soling, 25c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
J J HEINZ. 630 Market St., official em-
'pioyment sec. of Barbers' Protective Union.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 8.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College. 138 V& Eighth st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., >clow Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week. -
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter wt.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard stJ.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
_ AGENTS WASTED.
MANUFACTURERS of the only absolutely
non-gumable mucilage bottle in the world,
wants general ' agents in , every county, and
State; exclusive territory; big. profits: sample
20c. Call or address NELS A. LYBECK &
CO., 606 Fourth St., San Francisco.
AGENTS to handle a quick-selling novelty of
merit. Greater West Adv. & Novelty Co..
11S5U Washington St.. Oakland. Cal.
~ FURNITURE WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise; sold on commission: reasonable. B.
COHN. auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
rhnniHso. I"S7 Market ft.: t»l. .Topsip 3?.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — 4 room cottage with large yard;
. rent $12. , Box 39, Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and stereoptlcon apparatus;
second-hand. 420 Grove st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus. second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
-
*~ ~~ ; : -"^^^^ ; ■'""■■ ■"■'"■■■ "*
MRS. DR. F. CLAMC
Unrivaled.
Trance Clairvoyant and Medium.
While entranced she will reveal erery hidden
mystery In life; will show you how to over-
come your enemies, remove family troubles,
restore last affections; unites the separate, re-
covers lost, stolen or buried property; locates
treasures, minerals: tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mall. Send stamp
for circular with special terms.
Rooms 25 and 26, 1206 Market street.
ATTENTION — 25c 25c 23a
A Wonderful Gift, Possessed Alone
By DOCTOR FLORENCE DU VALL.
World-acknowledged authority . on palmistry,
occult science and spirit power, who is In this)
city, - direct from her permanent headquar-
ters In LONDON. ENGLAND.
To Show Her Phenomenal Power
3 Will reduce her lowest fee to
25c FOR ONE WEEK.
Regular fee positively $2 and $3 afterward.
Private parlors, 332 Stockton st. Hours, 10
a. m. to 8 p. in. Open Sundays.
N. B.— Lucky days, astral colors and gems
with print of hand given. - " :
MME. , PORTER. ; wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la.
, 60c; gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. " EMMET, clairvoyant, card reader.
; scientific palmist; 25c and 50c. 148 Sixth st..
*•■ parlor 31. ■ . ' -
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water*'
reader, 921% Mission st.: German spoken. v*vi
MME. HANSON, . palmist, card reader; ' past,
present and future; 26c. 148 ~.xth st., room 10.
MME. : MOREAU. best " medium and card
reader; 25c up. ;73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
. advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. i RAMONDI— Your fortune told by
chlrography, $1 and $2. 109 Grant aye., room 2.
SONORA RAMONA. medium and card reader-
. 10c; ladies only. •23 Ash aye. *
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. YBILLE, cradle to grave : future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell at.
SPIRITUALISM.
MR % sJ. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium
. and life • reader; ; also medical clairvoyant;
> treats • with ; revealed : remedies; removes can-
cer ■ without pain; treats all diseases; private
sittings $1 ; ; by letter. $2. :Of flee. 232 Stockton.
M. v FRANCES, v independent slate-writing me-
dium. lIS Halght st.
O. A. KRAUS, medium; astrology and palmts-
try; sittings dally. 334 Eddy st.
MRS. r ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st.; read-
Ings, |1; clr.'Tues.. Fri., 2 p. m.: Mon. 8: 35c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
- sittings dally. . 212V4 sixth st.
'V; HYPNOTISM
8. F. College, Therapeutics: open afternoon and
■'■ evening : for patients and . pupils. ■'.- 305 Larkln.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee ' without sucess: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy,' collections,
, free advice ; open Atty McCabe. 103 Larkln.
ADVICE free ; no charge unless successful. W.
W. ; DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.: : _
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Bpreckels : bldg.. 927 Mar-
' ket; consultation free; no fees In advance..' .. ■:'•• ' BUSINESS CHANCES.
.ISOO^PArVneR wanted^n^old^tsTbUshed "_o7-
>d, ncr saloon; present owner there for years •
r ■ ZTffrreS have partner than hired help.'
. • M. .LESb. 1 65 Market Bt. ■
HOP— STATIONERY, notion and variety stor*
north of Market st.; 4 living-rooms; cheap
S? ii?",? opportunity; old-establls_td trade.
■^ M.. LESS, 765 Market st.
$250^SALOON on Third t., close to Call bulld-
.. ing; rent $2a; club rooms; stock worth $500;
Blrcumstances compel owner to accept 25 per
• cgnt if. sold at once. WILKE, 845 Market st.
".A— RARE chance; saloon in choicest ' loca-
tion; -billiards; elegant fixtures; large stock
of .liquors; excellent paying place; other busi-
' ness compels owner to a great sacrifice.
. ■ • WILKE, 845 Market st. . .
$400— SALOON with mercantile lunch close to
". . Wells-Fargo Express Co.; rent $30; a good
paying place; splendid chance for man and
. wife. Call WILKE. 84.") Market st.
CORNER grocery and bar, with 4 l!vir«
rooms; very best location; 2 blocks north oi
' Hibernla. Bank: doing a splendid cash bar
and store trade. Inquire WILKE. 845 Mar-
• ket st. |
RESTAURANT and chop house; kept
.by present owner for 20 years: average dally
receipts $35; a genuine first-class business of-
fer. WILKE. 783 Market st. ; new number 545.
$350— DELICATESSEN store; best part of Sixth
st..: great bargain. McLAUGHLIN, 777 Mar-
' _ket st. .
$100— CANDY, fruit and notion store; bargain.
o Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
- . $2600— GENERAL merchandise store in a pros-
perous country town; stock by inventory; re-
" tiring cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
777 Market st. \
. '• $1200— BEER-BOTTLING business; worth dou-
" "ble the price asked. For full particulars see
••• Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
r ' $250— IiAUNDRY route;' good horse and wagon
. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
CORNER ■ saloon; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUQHUN & CO.. 777 Market St.
• A.— $2200: LIVERY and boarding stable, West-
. ' em Addition: has 20 horses, 10 buggies, wag-
• ons, harness, etc.; 16 steady boarders; rea-
. •• eonable rent. Including 6 rooms; selling on
, " "account of other business; will take real es-
tate or good security; a bargain. GEO.
." • STEWART & CO., 632 Market st.
. f-M; PARTNER wanted in light business; 1
•" "-.hour's ride from city. In lively town; estab-
lished 5 years; doing business that will clear
$75 per month to each, sure; thorough inves-
tigation. GEO. STEWART & CO., 632 Mar-
ket St.
' . A— CONFECTIONERY. ice cream and
•. • branch bakery: fixtures worth $800; make of-
•* fer. KBEDO & CO. .
$325— BRANCH bakery, delicacy and notions; 6
.. . .-rooms: receipts $10 dally. KREDO & CO.
' $SOO— DELICATESSEN; value in stock; 125
TJb dally: this is a bargain. KREDO & CO.,
.. ' "22^ Geary st.
$450—GROCERY and bar; north of Market St.;
old" established; fine location; doing good
. business. JONES & SEARLL. 863 Market st.
. .S2CK) r -GOOD paying <"tg_.r store;- one block from
Call Office: fine location: cheap rent. Partic-
• . -uktra JONES & SEARLL. £65 Market st.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business,
where the services of plain, steady mar. are
preferred to hired help; business" long estab-
lished and too much for one man; no expe-
• ,'ri_i c required; trial given; $18 to $30 a week
•fach. 3 Geary St., room 2.
RESTAURANT; must rent or sell; cheap;
owner going East; first-class fixtures; cor.
• First and Franklin. 560 Franklin St., Oakland.
A— J."-O— SHOE shop for sale; owner must leave
city. ISI Minna at., near Third.
FOR Sale Fine paying business; restaurant;
suitable for man and wife. 812 Larkln st-
-MALI. French laundry, with horse and
wagon, for sale. Apply 614 Bush st.
■• SMALL restaurant for sale. 324 'Larkln st.
■ FOR sale— splendid opportunity; an oldres-
tabllshed branch bakery and variety store;
over 12 years on the same corner; will, on ac-
. • count of old age. sell at a sacrifice; more than
"full value In sight. Call at 412 A Thirteenth
■et., 'above Valencia. . •
' ■RARE opportunity to purchase a newspaper in
town north of San Francisco, with income of
■ • $90 per month: steadily growing; easy terms.
Address box 111, Call office.
"WELL established manufacturing business for
.sale cheap. Inquire cigar store, 1735 Mission.
FOR Bale— Pharmacy: prescriptions only; good
opportunity. Box 56. Call office.
• „— __— — — i — " i
BARBER shop for sale; 3 chairs; $200. Box
. . -16t>.' Call office. [
'■' 11200— FIRST-CLASS restaurant and oyster
• house in a prosperous country town; doing a
business from *30 to $50 dally: long lease;
■ ' lip-5t location; legitimate, established busi-
WPgL . L::- tr *«i «AW Mclaughlin & CO.. 777
• Market st. -
' ' srli*> -FINE delicacy and grocery; all cash |
' " \T3>\f Wo to $:.O dally: clears $275 per month;
6"fin» living rooms and bath; long lease; ]
che.vi r'-nt; large cellar: horse and wagon;
■ Urn« stock: fine fixtures: for sale on account
it death in family. MRS. W. S.. box 132.
■ ' '_ Cail Of-flce.
. GROCERY and bar for -ale: fine location; with
living rooms. Apply 125 Devlsadero st.
FiRANCH bakery and delicacy store; account
sickness. Apply Call Office. ■-
•J'ATSTNFR to open wine and liquor business;
.. small capital. "2 1 Valencia, before 10 a. m.
• BUTCHER shop. 391 Sixth Bt ; on account of
111 health; one the best cash shops In city.
PATTER route for sale. Particulars at 560 How-
:;afd st.
GOOD location for fruit store; fixtures In;
" reasonable. 290 Third aye., cor. Clement; take
•." Sutro car.
EALOON for sale: under the Mission Opera
.Hall. 2131 Mission Bt
GROCERY and bar for sale, with lease; open
. for inspection. Apply northeast corner Page
-and Octavla sts.. or CURTIN & BEALS.
- Mills building; third floor.
JSOO— IS-ROOM rooming house nicely furnished;
■ . good location; rooms all occupied; select. Box
200. Call Office. .
LADY In legitimate business wishes gentleman
." ' to buy half interest. Address box 242, Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon cheap. 211 Grant
avenufc . - ■ ■
FOR SALE— Fremont Bazaar, 1787 McAllister
'et near Baker; opposite Fremont School; no
opposition: has the exclusive trade of large
. school. Inquire on premises. >
ONE of the oldest dyeing establishments in
• • this city for sale cheap on account of re-
tiring from business. Inquire 148 Third st.
BAKERY, elegantly fitted up; fine cash
: • .-trade; owner anxious to sell. 3020 Sacramento.
• CIGAR store for sale cheap on account of leav-
. "ing city. 434^ Third st -)
" $100 — BOARDING house with 11 furnished
" . rooms: 21 regular boarders; trial before buy-
In g. Address M. J.. ,x 4, Call office, Oakland.
•MONEY en diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant, aye.
GA3 fixtures very low: large assortment;!
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. _-_.*-
SCHMIDT, 6-3 Golden Gate aye.
RTO PRINTERS-Complete job 1 office in Oak-
land; cheap for cash. P.. box 1. Call, Oakland.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ti c 1a rs apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento at.
' FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOIL engines 2d-band machinery. Me-
• IN TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
PRIVATE Bale of carpets, bedroom set, fold-
ing bed, pictures, couches, chairs, portieres,
lace curtains; three days; sold cheap. 980
''Post Bt • -
• . 60,000 FEET 2! -hand lumber; rustic and floor-
• ing; _tth. near Mission; old buildings bought.
3p-'F. J. FRENCH. Royal House. 126 Ellis st.
CORRUGATED iron and lumber cheap. Apply
at City Hall. McAllister st. side. :
SKATES; 150 pairs; good as new; cheap. At
6-^« Fourth st. ■ -■-
LADY'S sealskin Jacket for sale; almost new.
Box . 63. Call office. -.-■■-'
'PIPE, 3 4 and 6 Inches, for water, gas or oil.
W. F. THOMPSON. 40 Main st
NEW mining and milling machinery cheap;
• easy terms. Assay office. 10 Stevenson st.
■pun NOQRAPHS. 120: ' records, $5 per' dozen;
projectofcope. $100: Baclgalupi, 938-fo2 Market.
' pine back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
•ters linoleum, office furniture, store and
I»«V_ furniture and fixtures; new and Bee-
■ * Snd "to™ J NOONAN. : 1017-1019-1021-1023
- ' Mlg«»on st. above Sixth.
. OND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
••' gines, boiler*, dynamos, etc. 616 Mission st.
■ ssjp_sss ■^^ga-sr&'^g
CE WING MACHINES. ,^
ii-TfiMiTie riumfstic, Singer and White
A . T heap! A rlpairinK guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
r MONTHLY rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machin- suppll-s- M Jgthi phoß. Mint £
ALL kind- bought, sold. . «MhM«^ rented;
.repairing at lowest rates. Fourth st____.
• ". — t— - ~"bicycl^^j^^_jw'..
I^'ILL Mil M MW 18S7 high-grade
. .(.old in 1897 for $100) ' at i $29 ; • b^?. 1 Ji^JEg .
' -ct the year; first come, first served. JOSEPH, i
HOLLE, Twentieth and Folsom .- fits, v j
PERSONALS.
THE~well-known Dr. Popper, specialist for all
kinds of disfigurements of the face, removes
permanently superfluous hair, freckles, moles,
tan, clears the complexion, black worms,
Dimples scars, birthmarks and all kinds of
skin diseases, etc.. etc.; every case Is guar-
; anteed and can be treated ■ through the mall;
i also new method for enlargement of the
' bust Offices, 318 Kearny st.
i STRICTLY temperate, steady man of 31 wishes
to act as nurse and companion for ' invalid
gentleman; references. P.. box 189, Call.
; PARTIES who saw lady thrown from Castro-
st car Thursday night. August 25, at cross-
ine of Church and Market sts.. please send
address to 221 Church st. M. MURPHY.
MY up-to-date artists do only up-to-date halr-
dressing; my price, only 25c; hair restored to
its natural color, $160 up: good, switches. $1;
finest 50: extra, $5. Open Sunday, 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 11l Stockton st. ■
: LEDERER'S Quinonia promotes the growth of
the hair. G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third Bt., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $160 per night; $150 to $« per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
; SUITS to order on installments 'at cash prices,
$1 week. NY. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
ELECTRIC sealskin Jackets to order. $60.
MARX'S. Fur Store. 967 Market st.
[ HOME in confinement; diseases of women,
■ MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
! SUITS to order on easy Installment-. .I-
LEMOS. 1117 Market st. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
CHILDREN'S dresses made; fitted at their
homes. Address P.. 387 Hayes st. ■ ■
i SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
! College. 916 Market st. '
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st^rm. 14-16.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SAJ-H.
! __-___R«_)O & C0...~..~ i . -mk
MONEY TO LOAN.
11 rooms; fine residence; Geary St.; doctor
• pays rent; clears $40 monthly; must Bell. $600
16 rooms; new; all full; central and deslr-
able; clears $100 month •■ ■■•■■•••••••. xeK
S 22 rooms; newly papered; good furniture, _
cost $1500; for sale at 'Xi''.
25 rooms; Post st; clears $100 monthly.
fine home; make an offer ••••• v™
1 48 rooms; best on Geary st; clears $150, ■
nothing better ever offered. •••••'••;•;••"
Several large houses to exchange for realtj.
Many others too numerous to mention.
i A-S0 ROOMS; new and clean..... $1650
74 rooms; south of Market st. ; fine 4000
1 81 rooms; transient; Market st sou
15 rooms; select; transient; corner *«
14 rooms; fine house; Income $60 clear »■»
1 36 rooms; elegant; furnished hotel 1800
: 60 rooms; part cash; transient^.... ■•••••• sS
15 rooms; Market st.; clears $200; cheap.. »m
F C. HYDE & CO., successors to Rogers
& Hyde, 1206 Market st. ________
i A— 26 ROOMS: rent $50: near Baldwin Hotel;
I call this week; bargain. F. C. HYDE &
■ CO., successors to Rogers & Hyde. 1206 Mar-
ket st
iTENBERG & C 0..... 264 KBARNY ST.
23 rooms; clears $70; central....... $TOO
S rooms; sunny corner; clears $30 300
24 rooms; Third St.; family house 1000
18 rooms; corner; big bargain 600
27 rooms; owner's 5 years; N. Market St.;
other bargains. STENBERG. 26V_ Kearny.
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN AT 24 PER CENT.
20 room*; rent $27; renovated throughout. $400
24 rooms; rent $55; sunny corner .'..'... 750
15 rooms; Mason St.; strictly first-class.. 1600
62 rooms; rent $100 r north of Market 1550
JHOO--PRIVATE rooming house; north of Mar-
ket st.: cost $2000; going East cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & CO., 777 Market st.
PINE and Hyde— Large corner house of S3
rooms and 3 baths; very centrally located;
rent reasonable. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
OAKLAND— First-class family rooming-house,
partly furnished: clears $120 a month. Ad-
dress Postof flee box 71, Oakland.
BARGAIN— 2-story cottage, 8 rooms: well fur-
'•■ nished; central; cheap; parties going. 132 Turk.
$550 — 24 ROOMS; rent $45; now clearing $62 over
rent, with 4 reserved. Address box 154, Call.
10-ROOM house and dressmaking establish-
ment; sell at once. 242 Taylor st
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
ip good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payment- and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and SutLer
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
„ Broadway. .Oakland. „,. : . . ...  . ...
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER ft CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 80 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. -- ;■■•■• , .
$100 CASH for high-grade upright worth twice;
a square, 123; a Steinway, $150; a genuine
Hardman, $350, excellent order; I Hardman
agency; carload Just in; fine showing of fancy
cases, see them now. THE J. DEWING CO.,
second floor. FlooiJr building.
MARSHALL & WENDI' T . $75; C. Hall.
$100; Bradbury. $130; Neuman, $145; Sterling,
; $185; Estey, $190: guaranteed; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, Chtckerlng agents,
16 O'Farrell st. ■
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st; they
are making room for fresh stock.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos: see our rent plan:
no interest first year. 308, 310, 311 Post st.
24 ELEGANT new pianos; $3 per mo.: 2d hand
upright, $50. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes.
STEINWAY upright, almost new; bargain for
cash. ■ 834 Turk st. ■-.-■.•
A— s6o; UPRIGHT: $5 Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st. •
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post St.
"AD" smallest: price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister St.,
\ next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ. : r
KXABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER &- CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st. .
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. . H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
__ HORSES.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and driv-
ing horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st.
~ WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
! FOR sale— Business buggies and carts; cheap.
SO3 Golden Gate aye. - '. • - ■ :-. -
; FINE laundry, : bakers' and milk wagons cheap
• for cash or installments: 1 fine top and open
. buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL . sale of harness and vehicles. Lte-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
LOST.
LOST— A .purse stamped Mrs. - ; R. iZ. I Andrews,
containing money, cards and railroad tickets,
etc., leaving Hyde-*t. car, cor. Jackson, about
8:40 p. m. Sunday. Return to MRS. BAILEY,
1426 Leavenworth st Suitable reward.  .
GOLD medal lost— L. C. C. $2 60 reward upon
returning to owner, 1518 Sanchez ■st
I lost— Gold ' spectacles, Bohemian Grove, Aug.
28. Finder address P. WINDHAM, 842 Fulton.
LOST— A pass book. with ! the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in' the
name of JOHANNA EGAN. No. 171,831. The
finder will please return to bank. .
LOST— 14, pair cuff links, at Silver
ftprings, near reservoir. Suitable reward if
''returned to 1313 Larkin st. ' ' " ;
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of Ban- Francisco, In the
name of ANNA MURRY; No. 224-1453. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San ' Francisco, in the
name of MARY WALSH; No. 182-613. The
finder will please return to bank. -
i LOST— pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
• and Loan Society of San Francisco, •In the
. name of PATRICK LEE or BRIDGET LEE,
No.. 111,351. The finder will please . return to
bank. ■■'-■■ ■■■•■'-.■.■
CARPET CLEANING.
i riTY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you - become 1 disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'B Pioneer "■ Carpet-
beating Works, -, 353-57 . Tehama St.: tel; 8. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 894. QEO. .WOLCOM, Proprietor.
t MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co.. : 4SS
Stevenson st. : tel. South 228; lowest rates. -.--.■
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at So.
STRATTON 3 Eighth st; tel. Jessie ,944.
V, — MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., : 240 14th
J 'st : cleZnlg^yard^tel. Mission 74. ;;:,,«
CONKLIN-S Carpet-beating Works, > 33S Qol.e-
,- Gate aye.; tel. Bast I*. ; ■
I. ■ . , ..-■■< •••"■• ''•■■■***■ ' -'.'.'■.■■'- i- -.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 29, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET,
AT 715 Sutter. near Taylor— Unsurpassable for
Dr. or dressmaker; workroom 25x85: choice lor
business and residence combined; Investigate.
HOUSE 9 rms., bath, on Grove St., bet. Bu-
chanan and Webster; newly painted and ren-
ovated; large sunny yard; furnished or un-
furnished: cheap to responsible parties. Key
at 680 Hayes st. '
HOUSE of 7 rooms and bath; large garden; ce-
mented back yard; beautiful and extensive
view; reasonable rent. Inquire at 829 Union.
ELEGANT house 8 rooms; front and rear gar-
den. 818 McAllister st, ; rent $35.
LEAVENWORTH. 2202— House of 10 rooms;
beautifully situated; large grounds; rent
moderate; if agreeable be taken partially in
board.
LINDEN AYE., 468, near Laguna— sl2 50; house
of 4 rooms; cellar and yard.
MASON. 809. near Pine— House of 8 large sunny
rooms; bath, gas; low rent to good tenant.
STYLISH Eastlake house; 8 rooms and bath.
421 Oak st. Rent, $36.
TO LET— A 2-story bay-wlniow house; few
blocks off Kearny, $40; cheap. 411 O'Farrell.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$16—7 ROOMS and bath, furnished or unfur-
nished. 137 Julian aye., off 16th and Mission.
$16; BIX sunny rooms. 30 Silver st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A— FURNISHED house near Van Ness aye.;
large drawing room, library and dining room
en suite; 9 bedrooms; house sunny and nearly
new: furnace; gas logs and open grates; large
garden: good neighborhood. Address box 190,
Call Office.
TWENTY-FIRST. 8-38. near Mission— 9 rooms;
sunny corner; piano, range, gae stove.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COLLINS, 113, near Geary — Bay-window cot-
tage, 4 rooms: water free; $10.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath; rent $12. 464
Clipper st., near Castro.
SUNNY 4-room cottages, with yard, $11. Sec-
ond st. and Rincon aye., near Brannan.
: 4-ROOM cottage; large yard. 8301 Polk st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
4-ROOM flat, nicely furnished, and bath. HI
Fell st.
FLATS TO LET.
i APPRECIATED If seen; rarely beautiful, JCW.
corner Sutter and Scott, 6 big rooms and
glazed porch; or NW. corner Erie and How-
ard near Thirteenth, 7 big rooms and porch,
rent reasonable, all flooded with sunshine,
A— l2o- elegant new flat 6 rooms and bath. 2581
Post" st,. near Baker. A. M. SPECK & CO..
| 60. Market Bt.
EDDY 1244, near Laguna— Sunny flat 6 rooms;
bath; modern Improvements.
ELEGANT flat, 7 rooms, bath; rent $85. 825
Pout st.
FOLSOM. 951, near Sixth— Flat with 7 rooms
and bath; suitable for private and rooming.
! FLAT of 4 rooms; 2 stalls; wagon house. 1
Isls st., near Twelfth and Folsom; rent $11
FRANKLIN, 1507— Sunny flat of E rooms and
bath.
FULTON. 118— Fine sunny middle flat, 7 rooms,
bath; near City Halh
HANDSOME finished 7 and 8 room middle and
■ lower flats: modern improvements. 1127 and
11J9 Bush st^
HARRISON. 2041. . opposite Eighteenth— 2 nice
sunny flats. 3 and 4 rooms, $9 and $10.
HYDE, 813—9 sunny rooms: modern; quiet;
good view; perfect order; handy to business.
LOWER flat, 6 sunny rooms, bath; yard, base-
ment; rent $17. 134 Page st.
MCALLISTER, 638— Modern sunny flat of T
rooms. $25.
MISSION 1150— Nice upper flat; 7 rooms; re-
cently renovated; rent $15. EASTON. EL-
DRIDGE & CO.. 638 Market s^
MISSION, 151SA- near Eleventh— Flats of 6 and
6 rooms; bath; laundry; rent $15 up.
MONTY on dis^Jfenda, sealskins, watphes and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Gralk aye.
___________ — ________—__———— 1 — tf ■
MOSS 30 near Howard and Seventff— Lower
bay-window flat, b large roome; yard; base-
ment.
OAK 921 A —Nice flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent
reduced, $18; water free; nr. Park Panhandle.
SUNNY flats, 8 and 4 rooms; bath. Key at
1626 Howard st.. near Twelfth.
iSfPLEY, 287. near Sixth— Flat 6 rooms and
bath; new; $14.
BUNNY flat, 5 rooms and bath: modern; separ-
ate yard; $16. 1726 Bryant, bet. 16th and 17th.
TO LET— Beautiful, sunny flats; marine view:
6 rooms; modern Improvements; half block
from cars; rents $18 and $20. Apply at 2044
Leavenworth st.
UPPER flat. 6 rooms, bath; large yard; stable;
rent $15. Twenty-fourth and Treat aye.
UPPER flat of 6 nice sunny rooms and bath;
rent cheap. 1386 Vallejo st.
WANTED at once— loo tenants for flats, cot-
tages- willing to make Inducements; 10 to 30
days free; flats $8 up at SPECK _. CO.'S,
60S Market st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWKLL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. -
6 LOVELY rooms, bath, 411 Lyon St., near en-
trance to Park. $14^
|7— UPPER flat of 8 sunny rooms. 87 Pearl St.,
off Market, near Valencia.
$B— LOWER flat, 4 rooms. Apply corner gro-
cery. Twenty-fourth and Florida sts.
312— Sl'NNY flat; bay view; 3 rooms, bath and
basement. HI Cherry St.; call 120 Golden
Gate aye.
$12— SUNNY; 4 rooms; lower, $10. 133 Ivy aye.,
near Van Ness.
$14 AND $I?— Upper and lower flats. 6 rooms;
large yards; sun all day. 187 Fair Oaks St.,
near Twenty-third.
$16— FLAT 6 rooms and bath; marine view.
144 Bernard st., bet. Taylor and Jones.
$15— SUNNY lower flat; 5 rooms; all lmprove-
! ments; basemint. 3674 Nineteenth st.
H7 so— MIDDLE flat of 6 rooms and bath. 1909
Geary »t. . ■'
$19^3239 TWENTY-FIRST St., near Valencia;
lower flat, 5 rooms; modern Improvements;
cellar and garden.
$32 50-SUNNY; 8 rooms; bath. 218 Van Ness
avenue.
$26—6164 GROVE St.. bet. Laguna and Bu-
chanan, flat, 8 rooms and bath; modern lm-
provementa.
ROOMS FORHOUSEKEEPING.
A^RUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 in
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $3 per week; suitable for
4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion St., between First and Second.
' EDDY, 915—3 furnished connecting rooms; flrst
' floor; conveniences; fine location; private resi-
dence.
i ELLIS, 327—2 large unfurnished rooms; use of
kitchen; also nice room for gent; private.
j EDDY, 917— \tfell-furnlshed connecting sunny
hskpng. rooms; large garden; fine location.
ELLIS, 538— Sunny fide, parlor suite newly fur-
nished; use of kitchen; gas and bath.
ELLIS, 622—1 large sunny unfurnished rooms;
separate entrance, yard, etc. ; rent cheap.
ERIE, 47. bet. 13th and 14th— Nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; large garden.
I FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
' FIFTH, 858— Furnished double parlors, kitchen,
bath, 2 beds; also single, $4.
FOLSOM, 810— Two rooms; one sunny front
room, with kitchen attached; oomplete for
housekeeping; no children; rent $10.
FULTON, 116—1 or 2 furnished rooms; privilege
light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
GEARY, 402— Large sunny suite, first floor;
also sunny corner suite; private; cheap.
GEARY, 1911, opp. Park— Furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, $16; alcove suite and adjoining
room: porcelain sink; bath furnished.
GLEN PARK AYE., 9. off Twelfth, near Mis-
sion— 2 or 3 pretty furnished rooms. X
HARRISON, 618— Unfurnished sunny parlors;
water; $9; 4 upper rooms, $12; references.
HARRISON, 731— Three rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent $13.
HICKORY aye., 124— »« Ice sunny furnished front
room, $5 per month.
HOWARD, 525— Large, pleasant rooms complete
for housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD, 761U— Nicely furnished bay window
suite, with kitchen; others; reasonable.
HOWARD 8198 (The Hanover House)— 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms, $10 per month.
HOWARD, 953—2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent $8.
JESSIE, 373, neac Emporium— B rooms furnish-
ed for housekeeping; $14.
LARKIN, 901 A —Housekeeping rooms, furnished
or unfurnished; sunny corner; running water;
rent cheap.
HOUSEKEEPING [ Continued.
LBAVENWORTH. 617—2 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping ; rent reasonable. ■'.-
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— Large sunny
unfurnished room, kitchen and cellar.
MINNA, - 23— Furnished . housekeeping rooms;
also single; piano free. - . •■ '- -v "-'- -,~ - -
MINNA 381. '! corner Fourth— Furnished house-
keeping; complete: very cheap. . -. ,- :
MINNA 454— or 3 housekeeping rooms; com-
pletely furnished; : separata entrance. '
MINNA, 1 646— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
Ing. ■: •.-.. .... ■--■■■ ' : ■'■''- ■■- :vV ' ; '
MINNA. 789, near Ninth— 2 or 8 furnisiied rooms
■ for housekeeping. . ■ - '
MISSION, 561. near Second— Furnished front
room and kitchen; suitable for 2 or 3 adults.
MISSION Newly renovated large front
rooms, 'furnished; light housekeeping; very
reasonable. .
MISSION 1241 — 2 sunny furnished rooms; run-
ning water; housekeeping If desired. ;
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, seal-
ekins and Jewelry at UNCLE • HARRIS. 16
Grant aye. ■ ■-■ " ' -■■ •
NINTH 20, near Market— 2 sunny connecting
rooms,- housekeeping, stove, water, gas; •
single. . . , . • • ' - - '•'
OAK, 1191—3 or i furnished rooms; entrance
park; gas stove; bath; cheap; also single. •
OCTAVIA 156 — Furnished or unfurnished hand-
some rooms; low rent; private family. -c- -..<
OCTAVIA 265— i or 8 sunny rooms, completely
furnished for housekeeping; rent reasonable. *
SECOND, 62— Nice front rooms suitable for
light housekeeping. . ' ■' -.'
SEVENTH. 828%— 3 or 6 unfurnished rooms
with bath; rent cheap.
SIXTH, Three unfurnished sunny rooms;
stove and bath; rent $10. vr
THIRD, 308— 2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; hot and cold water; bath: $9.
TURK. 205— Newly furnished rooms, with use
of kitchen; gas and bath. ■" ....■■. .'■ ' ; -
TURK, 405— Sunny furnished light housekeep-
ing rooms; also others: $6 and $8. .■.-::.
TWELFTH, Sunny corner bay-window
suite, complete for housekeeping, reasonable;
also single room. ' ■ - ; ' :
TWELFTH, 230 C —Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; gas range; select locality.
VAN NESS, Three sunny front rooms and
kitchen; gas range: piano: references.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING { ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac- j
commodatlons for cooking. 9th & Washington. '
ROOMS TO LET.
alu_JngToN~_-O_»T"i2T_^
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable. .
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike: reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence? 108 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator baths best attention. !
STOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
• by day, week or mo.; baths, running water.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 716-717-719, 829% and Mason
— Choice; sunny; reasonable; investigate.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny furnished rooms; 2
' blocks from Palace Hotel; every convenience;
•elevator; tourists ; near principal clubs.
BRYANT, 770, between Fifth and Sixth— Sua-
ny double room in private family.
. BUSH, ' 613— Elegantly furnished sunny suites
and single; nice home; modern cony. ; reason.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. — Sunny suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable. ■ >'.-%-.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished . single and double rms. ; $3, $10 mo.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms 60 cents to
$1 par night; $2 to $6 a week; families. ,
ELLIS, 616— Handsome parlors, large front al-
cove; housekeeping rooms; also single room,
$8; private. .;.-■:'
ELLIS, 697— Sunny parlor suite; single room;
also 2 rooms for fight housekeeping.
ELLIS, Nice sunny single and double
rooms; also front alcove for rent.'
ELLIS. 622—2 large sunny unfurnished rooms;
separate entrance, yard, etc. ; rent cheap.'
ELLIS, Sunny room, newly furnished,; for
2 gents, $10; parlor suite, gas, bath, kitch.,s3o.
FIFTH, 24 (The Waldorf) — New sunny corner;
■ elegant rooms; single or en suite; electric Its.
FIFTH, 309 — Large sunny corner room ; run-
ning water: other rooms; also' housekeeping.
FOLSOM, 820. near Fourth— a week and up;
. sunny furnished rooms. .
FULTON, • — Nicely furnished sunny rooms
and bath; reasonable. . ---■■'-■■ "<-
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
•.•coma; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh, near Howard-
Sunny rooms; ' reasonable; also j housekeeping.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 26c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard car*.
GOLDEN GATE, 1509—2 or 3 • unfurnished
rooms; use of gas and bath; private family.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families. ,
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select ' family
rooming-house: $1 60 to $6 per weak.
HAVES, 481 partly furnished or unfurnished
rooms; In private family. ■ -
HILLSDALE, 33 Sixth St.— Sunny suite for
- housekeeping; suite for 8 gents; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1068— sunny parlor suites; house-
keeping rooms and single rooms; $5 up; bath.
HYDE, 1751, corner Vallejo — 3 rooms,' furnished,
bath, $11; also unfurnished, cheap; fine view.
LARKIN, : 408— Sunny 'front and also single
room; neat and pleasant; private house.
LEAVENWORTH, 411— Sunny parlor suite, '
suitable for " 2 . gents or couple; also unfur.
MANSFIELD— 2I2 Post— Elegant sunny rooms,
suite or single; baths connecting; moderate
rates. • - ■-■--■ ■ - ■ .-.■ ■.-. • ~ ■ ,"■■''
MARKET, 765— Office, suites and single rooms;
reasonable. • . . -
MASON, Furnished front housekpg rooms
and single; by day, week or month; $2 up.
MASON, 402— Sunny front room, $6; private
-family. • : |
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient. ■;
MISSION 925%— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; also nice housekeeping suite. .
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry
and sealskins at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
OCTAVIA, 165— Unfurnished or furnished sunny,
handsome parlors; no children. '.■■■ | ■
O'FARRELL, 271— New management, , new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites - and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
PINE, '706%— front unfurnished rooms;
will furnish; private family. . . \ » ',:
POLK, 611— Newly furnished sunny parlors, $25; \
also large sunny room, suitable - for 2 gents,
■ rent $10; - modern conveniences. MRS. T.
JORDAN. ..■..' •''-". .
POST,' 817— A" front alcove room. -
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club—
- gantly furnished rooms: reasonable. .' ;
SACRAMENTO. Charming ; sunny rooms; j
alcove; private : lavatory; central; bachelors ,
jor , housekeeping. -..I.- - -:'••- ■'- '..'■" -'■'• '■•"■' -"■ ■*-*.- : - p; . I ;
SCOTT, 1614— floor; : 8 unfurnished rooms, j
■bath, garden: $16; adults only. : ' ?
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. -,- :
SIXTH, • Newly ■: renovated single front I
rooms ; reasonable. *" * •■ ■ .-.-': !
STOCKTON, 1307, near '- Broadway—
rooms for housekeeping; rent cheap. , r
SUTTER st —3 •■ sunny furnished \ rooms, bath,
single or en suite, for gentleman; references.
For particulars address ; box 152, -. Call office.-
TAYLOR," 109— Nice sunny rooms; isl : per week :
and $1 50.'-.-. •':■ " : ; : ■■;--'"■■ - ;' ' "" •■'-'-"" '■''■'■
TAYLOR, 407— Large sunny furnished room;
' rent ■ reasonable. -'•; '■ v :''':.-: '■--'■- .-•--. ■■-■"-' .~>;^
TAYLOR 1519, , near . Broadway— Elegant suite
front, rooms, ■ with ■ piano , and all comforts,
$15; also single rooms, $10 and $S. ■•;.-> - . ;
THIRTEENTH, i 329, near Valencia— : par-
■ lor, $6; small room, $4. T > ' ■■:-' ■■• -~ ■
TO LET— 2 * or ' -8 ' unfurnished • rooms; \ beautiful
and sunny; Western Addition; near « Broad-
way. Box 192, Call office, -y j : ' .J:. J : • -..■'
THE Piedmont. £119 A Sixth st— or 3 rooms,
t furnished for housekeeping; also other room-.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market Bt., opp. Gough
- —House t newly »■ furnished; ' single : rooms %or
' • suits; two kitchens for ,-. tenants .for. ; light
. housekeeping; rooms from $5 to $12. ■ ":-
TURK,'. 126— Single ' furnished- room, suitable for ]
. a gentleman, tss i per month. ■ :'-.:.: '-.:. ";-*.-■
TURK, 205 Newly furnished single and double |
: ■} rooms \ bath and gas. '■■ '■", ■■'" : '■•'... i ;V/-;.;'^ |
TWENTIETH, 3622, near ■: Valencia— 3 " sunny
■ furnished connecting rooms; 2 beds and bath.
VAN NESS, < 938— Pretty i room ; - hot and ■ cold i
■;.,. gas; bath; ; $10; : larger ; one. $15. ';,- , ■■;•;■. : :g;: g ; ;
WENDT ' Hotel, : 22 • Sacramento— " rooming :
house on water front: 25c;up; week $1
b" up; ' floe rooms for housekeeping: cheap. :
889 1 HAVES V Branch • office of The Call. I
 Subscriptions and ads taken. . ; i ■
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. ;
~~rooms ~Ajiii~BOAJixy~
A.HLBORN House, 319-321-323 Grant aye.— Rooms
. ■ 60c up ; board and room, $1 • per day and up-
ward; free bus to and from hotel. -*■.■, .-.■••..
BR ANNAN. 444-6 (New Mechanics' Hotel)—
Board and room $4 50 per week; single rooms
• , $1 1 per : week.  ' ; ■■».'..;'.-■..-■/' '.'•-."- ..'■•.- .z
ELLIS, Nice sunny rooms with first-class
■ table board; use of parlor, piano; $20 up.
; FOLSOM, 611— Swedish private boarding, . with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location. :'.-'
FOLSOM, 1580— Front room for 2; also single;
board. ' ..-'■■.-
GOUGH, 708 ->unny furnished rooms ; hot and
cold running water; just tinted and cleaueu;
I terms moderate; board optional. > .' y
HEATH, 312 Eddy— family boarding
house; first-class all appointments; hot water
: every room; home cooking" terms moderate. ,
HOTEL Victoria, corner Hyde and California
sta.— sunny rooms; hot : and cold water;
gas; closet; with first-class board; reasonable.
HOTEL SALISBURY, 299 Hyde— furnished
' rooms : beautiful grounds; table unsurpassed.
HYDE. Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with
• board: also single room; private; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Very best board; pleasant
• parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
ROOMS and Board— 7l2 Post st. ; a home for
young men at school or college; room for 2,
$18 to $22 60 each. '..-..,' '-■■
SOUTH PARK. : 169— Good table • board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. Si week
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly. --...; .
VALENCIA. 1070 (The Irving)— Family board*. ;
warm belt; large grounds; sunny rooms: rea_.
VAN NESS aye.. 519— Sunny furnished suites
; , and single rooms; first-class table board.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
; Subscriptions and ads taken.
CHILDREN BOARDED. ~
WANTED— to board; either an in-
fant or child 2 years old; the best of. care
given and good references. Address E. M.
W.. 876 Wood St.. Oakland. -■■.:.■■'
YOUNG woman would like child or Infant to
board; mother's care. Please call at 295 1 / 4
Clara St., near Sixth..
FIRST-CLASS German nurse desires an Infant
to raise; best references; good sunny home;
mother's care. 615 Turk St.. near Larkln.
CHILDREN or Infants boarded; mother's care;
. references: moderate. • 234H Sixth at.
■ STORES TO LET. -
FIFTH, 415— Large store; 8 rooms; large yard;
•? water free. ______
GOOD corner store, bar- and 8 rooms; brick
basement; cheap. , Northeast corner of - Fif-
teenth and Dolores sts. ■_ .
FRUIT and produce stand for rent. 1889 Park
St.. Alameda. ■ ' '
STORE, with fixtures; suitable for dressmaker.
Apply 353 Fifth st. • -
EDUCATIONAL.
VOCAL instruction — ANNIS^iONTAGUE
TURNER; correct and natural production of
the voice, based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples; terms beginning August 15 and after;
lessons by the month or quarter. For terms
apply personally or by letter to 930 Bush St..
; near Jones. ■ - - -
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st.:
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc.; life scholarship. $50; low
rates per week and month. ■ - ■
A LADY teaches piano and mandolin thor-
oughly: 50c an hour: excellent pianist a_d ac-
companist for entertainments and vocalists.
1209 Octavia st. ■' ■ '-'■•■■ "■'■■'■' '
UNIVERSITY coach— Perry, Ph. B.. Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 7407 S. Atherton.
nr. Channlng way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
ENGLISH branches taught at pupils' homes;
also bookkeeping; beginners and foreigners
helped. Box 25, Call. '■ ■; :
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maier, 626 Turk
St., between Larkin . and Polk. ■' -. - :
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
*B 16 yrs experience. Press Club bldg. 123 Ellis:
ENGLISH literature, mythology: Shakespeare
classes; pri. tuition.: Mrs. .Ehrman, 1234 Bush;
ROBERT TOLMIE. * pianist. has resumed
teaching at 1003 Sutter.st. ____ :
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month: references;
private lessons; terms 810. 712 Van Ness aye.
LEO COOPER' school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of Th© Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. •M. Davies,
; true iriends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief, j
though . else fall; delicacy,, privacy, . home,
etc.; babies adopted ; travelers treated; no
■delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122S Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of 'Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time- It also acts as a pre-
ventive ; price $1 50 per box. sent ■ free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
■ special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., .. S. F. i A caution— pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
SELF-CURE can be sent for. female trouble;
no matter from what cause and how long
' standing; every woman her. own physician;
restores always In one day; safe and sure; no
medicine or instruments used; consultation
■ free; saves disgrace; pills and capsules. SI.
By the well-known ladies' physician, for 37
years, : DR. POPPER, 318 . Kearny st.
A TREATMENT, that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
'In a few hours; . safe and sure at .all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home .-■ In . confine-
. ment; every case ■ guarp-teed; consultation
; free and confidential: self -cure, $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
DR. v WISE, • late of Beilevue Hospital. N. : V. ;
. offices, Hackmelr Hotel. 123 Eddy st. - hours
• 9 to 11, 2 to 5 and 6 to 8: consult . him for i
I treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
patients assured : first-class -; medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying > privacy of home with
: experienced attendants; strictest confidence
: maintained in all cases: consultation free.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
, cases of monthly irregularities from ■;. what-
ever cause: no instruments. used: guaranteed
cure at office. . $5: .travelers helped instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL,. 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 . Golden Gate
• aye.; private home in confinement, with, every
• comfort: best care and attendance; : . terms
; moderate: Infants adopted. Into good homes. |
ALPEAU'S French pills,. a boon to ladles with
- female troubles: no danger;- safe cure: $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. don't d°lay until too late.
I • OSGOOD BROS., Coast Atrents. Oakland. Cal.
PRIVATE home in confinement by a first-class.
German midwife ; infants ■ adopted : into good
homes. - 515 Turk \ st., near ■ Larkln. j ;'..- :■-,■-■ , ;
LADIES, my monthly regulator cannot fall;
• box free. MRS. B. ROW^N. Milwaukee. Wis.
LADIES, my monthly regulator cannot fall:
box free? MRS. B. ROWAN, , Milwaukee, Wis.
MRS. ACHARD. midw"«- : home in confine-
ment: confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st. >
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe reme-
; dies: 38 years' experience. 254% Fourth st. : .
DR. HALL; 1228 Market st., diseases of women
i and children. * - :' - . "*'-::aV'^
-■■.••■■ * PROPOSALS. ;
PROPOSALS ! for furnishing seals for - use In
■ cording and ' sealing packages of merchandise
in : bond ■ and - locks » for \ bonded warehouses.
• Treasury Department. August 12, Sealed
; proposals are invited until 2 ' o'clock p. t m.,
Tuesday, ' September 27, 1898, for furnishing ,
seals for use In cording and sealing packages
'■ of dutiable merchandise, '-/ and r for ; locks -: for
I • securing " bonded -r warehouses. Proposals
"•' should be accompanied by samples of the ar- . i
tides referred to and should state the . prices I
'■-' at which the- same will be delivered at any = )
i express or freight office at the place of man-
• ufacture boxed ■ and ready for. shipment, -r At
'least two sample locks and? two dozen of the I
devices ■ offered i for securing -packages should
;be submitted with ', each "proposal. -•*. Due s ex- :
i amination will be made 'of and full ; consider-
' ation given to the merits of all devices which
may be ■ submitted. Proposals should - : be
• marked: "Proposals for. devices ; for ■ cording.
■ •: and " sealing * packages;" ■" or i- "Proposals .% for
. i looks '. for ■' bonded , warehouses," as -,-. the ; case
I 1 i may be. No: special, form of proposal :■_ is !
; prescribed ;or • furnished sby !. the • department. \
The j right Is \ reserved ,i. to £ reject ' any '- or s all = i
bids and to waive informalities. ; L. J. GAGE.
. - Secretary. V : : .i_ :-,■■■ '• ■' '■' :: " ---■ - ; - ?.: -" /
1;; STORAGE.:
i^Eß^"TmjDOL?H~^to7a^eTanT^ovTn_^ "Co.;
•; office Tenth and Market;, telephone South 166. ;
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. ■ Golden West Stor- !
. • ago Warehouse. 840 Mission st. ; tel; Mint 1821. I
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$5500— FOR SALE; new well-built modern
dwellings? contain finished Vasement, parlor,
sitting room, . dining room, kitchen. 3 bed
rooms on second floor; 2 In attic: fine plumb-
Ing; 3 elegant mantels, etc.; lot 25x137 feet;
47$ and 452 Frederick St., near Stanyan; owner
on premises.
$2250— IMPROVED ranch near the city; bar-
gain. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
A BARGAIN; cozy home in the University
town of Palo Alto; 7 rooms and bath; barn;
lot 84x100. J. J. MORRIS. 630 Market St., or
Palo Alto.
$1600— MUST sell; lot 25x115; Haight St., near
Baker. J. W. WRIGHT & CO., 630 Market.
MUST be sold; handsome cottage, 4 rooms,
bath; high basement; large lot. Apply 324
North aye., near Cortland.
I
$650 WILL build 4-room cottage complete, j
GEO. M. SALSBURY, builder, 621 X St., Sun-
set District.
$10 MONTH; bay-window, 5-room and bath
cottage; lot SO- feet front; sunny Mission;
street and sewer work complete. Box 55, Call.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mail Ing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A— sl2s; WHAT for? A fine lot In th« beauti-
ful Gallndo Tract, East Oakland; size 35x115;
or you can get a lot of any size you wish; $10 !
cash, monthly payments to suit.
$750— About three-quarters of an acre; cottage
8 rooms; chlckenhouses, picket fence, trees and
shrubbery: a lovely spot: city water; two
blocks from electric road and fine school: about
10 minutes' walk to the local steam road; loca-
tion, soil and climate fine, so we say; but you
come and see It: it will cost you nothing; why j
not send for our circular If -""U don't come.
465 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oakland. H. Z. j
JONES, owner.
•FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association, 1151 Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
Lots from $150 up.
Houses. 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Call and see our list.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer; notary
public; property looked after. 814 Broadway.
$600— COTTAGE and lot; bargain; 22d St., near
San Pablo aye. Apply 306 Sixth, St., S. F.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
TO PHYSICIANS^FoT rent! residence In
Oakland, with offices and stable; occupied
for years by regular physician with large
practice. Address box 191, Call office.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE — Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
TO Let— Cottage, 1401 Spruce st.. North Berke-
ley; 5 rooms and 6ath; finished basement;
fine yard ; $15.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
BRING along what you have to exchange for
the following properties, all good and free
from lncumbrance; will assume mortgage or
pay part cash In exchange:
410 acres In Fresno County
100 acres in Kern County, 10 miles from Ba-
kersfleld
140 acres in San Diego County
SO acres in Oregon
160 acres in Kansas
40 acres 12 miles from Los Angeles
32 lots in Olympic City, Or
Call or address 455 Seventh St., Oakland.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
WANTED — Small grain or fruit ranch for Oak-
land or Alameda property; also chicken
ranch; cash. WHITE, 814 Broadway, Oak-
land.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays.' J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- |
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68. 1170 Ma.-ket.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell Ut
ANY amount at 6H per c*nt in real estate; Id
and Sd mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, nn. 3.
COLONIAL Inv. Co. — Money on any proposi-
tion; city, country; furn.. 405 Montg'y, r. 4.
ON pianos, furniture, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
FIRST and second mortgages, estates: city and
country. J. W. WRIGKT, 630 Market st.
MONEY losuied on furniture and pianos without
removal. 205 Examiner building.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. C 36 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortj. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery rt.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. BYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32<i Montgomery st.
i'HYSIcIANS^
DR C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
LEGAL NOTICES.
REFEREE'S sale lv partition— ln the Superior
Court ol the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, Department No. L
THOMAS F. DUNN, Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
RENCE DUNN et als.. Defendants. Cause
No. 62,117.
Notice is hereby given that under and in
pursuance of th,e Interlocutory decree in par-
titicn and order of sale heretofore duly made
and given In the above-entitled court and
cause, and thereafter, to wit, on the 6th day
of April, IS9B. duly entered of record therein,
by which said Interlocutory decree of said
court, the undersigned, G. H. Umbsen, was
appointed by consent in open court of all the
parties to said action, as sole referee in said
cause, for the purpose of making sale of the
real property hereinafter described, and by
which said decree It was directed that said
real property be sold at public auction in the
manner required by law, the undersigned, as
such referee, will, on Monday, the 12th day
of September, 188S, at the hour of twelve (12)
o'clock m., at the real estate office and sales-
rooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co.. at No. 14
Montgomery street, in the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, cell at
public auction In separate parcels to the
highest bidder for cash in United States gold
coin, and subject to confirmation by said Su-
perior Court, those certain lots, pieces or par-
cels of real property situate, lying and being
in said City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, and bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit: *>
First— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner cf Third and Minna streets,
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
Ing on Minna street twenty-fly- (25) feet,
thence at right angles northwesterly eighty
(80) feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (SO) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion of
lot number ten of the One Hundred Vara Sur-
vey, as laid down on the official map of the
City and County of San Francisco, and being
a subdivision of said one hundred vara lot.
Second — Commencing at a point formed by
the intersection of the southerly line of Page
street with the westerly line cf Octavla street,
running thence southerly along said line of
Octavla street forty (40) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelfths
(87 6-12) feet, thence at right angjes northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
eighty-seven and six twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement, being a part of I
Western Addition block number two hundred ,
and twelve (212).
Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen (217) feet south-
westerly from the northwesterly corner of
Second and Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thence northerly at right angles with Minna
street and along the easterly line of New
Montgomery street eighty (SO) feet, thence
at right angles easterly and parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(69 6-12) feet, thence at right angles southerly I
and parallel with New Montgomery street
eighty (80) feet to the northwesterly line of j
Minna street, and thence at right angles
westerly along the northwesterly line of
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(59 6-12) feet to the point of commencement,
being a subdivision of the one hundred vara
lot number eight (8).
Fourth — Commencing at the northwest cor- j
ncr ot Sanchez ami Duncan streets, running: '
thence westerly along the northerly line of j
Duncan street eighty (SO) feet, thence north-
erly and parallel with Panchez 6treet one hun-
dred and fourteen feet i 114) feet, thence east-
erly parallel with Duncan street eighty (80)
feet to Panchez street, thence southerly along
the westerly line of Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen (114) feet to Duncan
Btreet. the point of commencement, together
with the improvements thereon.
Terms and conditions of sale: Ten (10) per
cent of the purchase price to be paid to the
referee on each parcel sold at the time of
sale. Balance of purchase price upon con-
firmation of sale by said Superior Court and
delivery of deed.
Dated this 19th day of August. 1898.
G. H. UMBSEN.
Bole Referee Appointed by Said Superior
Court.
DINKF.LBPETL ft GESFORD.
Attorneys for Plaintiff. No. $05 Claus Spreck-
•ls Building, San Francisco. ,
DENTISTS.
A. FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light. and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 50e: crowns. $3 50: all
Work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
CROOME Dental Parlors, 759 Market, bet. 3d
and 4th— Painless filling, extracting, crowning
and bridging by use of, electricity; plates, $5
'.p; filling, '50c up: crowns and bridges, $5 up;
'•xtracting with gas, $1.
VH. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
vpatentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
;«rithout plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
V.YN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
&t teeth, $5 up: fillings, 25c- up: all work
"painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market St., cor. Slrth.
PAINLESS extraction, bridge work. New York
methods at New York prices by New York
dentists. 969 Mission st., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
ALL° work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Markat st^
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRT
& CHRISTIE, 8 Mason St.. cor. Market.
riIEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewritters sold and rented; few partly
• used for sale cheap: send for samples and
; prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
?- T EW Hammond, $35: Caligraph, $15: Yost, $25:
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must b«
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence o£
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LUCE— In this city, August 28, 189?, to the wlf»
of G. Eflward Luce, a son.
RUPPERT— In this city, August 28, 1898, to
the wife of Charles Ruppert, a danghter.
DIED.
Bacigalupi. Joseph Hely. Walter R.
Coyne, Adelaide M. Koch, Appolonia
Cook. Delia Kreling, Martin
Croisant. Bertha E. Mclntyre, James E.
Dolan, Mary J. McMaster, Miss M#ry
Galvin, Joseph McElligum. Patrick
Godchaux, Sylvlan O'Connor, John
Hasch, Helena Roberson, Ramon H.
Harrington, Ruby A. Seyfrled, Josete
White, Mrs. Maggie
BACIGALUPI— In this city, August 28, 1898,
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Victoria
Bacigalupi, and father of Peter, Stephen,
August, Frank and Henry Bacigalupi and
Mrs. D. Benvenutl. and brother of the late
Francisco Bacigalupi, a native of Italy, aged
68 years.
E?The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1805 Mason street. Interment private.
COYNE— In Capitola, Cal., August 24, 1898,
Adelaide M., beloved daughter of Dennis and
Margaret Coyne, a native of San Francisco,
aged 18 years 3 months and 12 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:3fl o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 621 Post street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be lelebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COOK— In this city. August 27, 1898, Delia, be-
loved wife of Lewis Cook, mother of Gus L.
Cook, Mrs. Henry Burton and Mrs. Arthur
Levy of Los Angeles, and sister of Mrs. M.
Lindheimer, a native of Germany, aged 66
years.
(CTFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 633 Natoma street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery.
CROISANT— In Oakland, August 28, 1898, Ber-
tha E., beloved daughter of Charles anji
Bertha Croisant, and sister of Eugene Er-
hardt and Charles. Lillian, Osca, Annie and
Otto Croißant, a native of Chico, Cal.. aged 21
years 5 months and 7 days. (Chlco papers
please copy.)
DOLAN— In this city, Mary J-. beloved wife of
Michael Dolan, a native of Balllnasloe,
County Galway, Ireland, aged 61 years.
GALVIN— In this city. August 27, 1898, Joseph,
beloved son of Jeremiah and the late Mrs.
J. Galvin, and brother of James, Daniel and
Maggie Galvin, a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years and 7 months.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 502 Grove street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GODCHAUX— August 28, 1898, Sylvian, beloved
fon of Adolph and Sophie Godchaux, and
brother of Mrs. Sylvian Soloman, Helene,
Rebecca, Josephine, Edmond, Myrtle and
Lucien Godchaux, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 40 years 4 months and 11 days.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday). at 3:30 o'clock, from Third and
Townsend streets depot. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery.
HASCH— In Piedmont Heights. Oakland, Au-
gust 27, 1898, Helena, beloved wife of E. J.
Hasch, and mother of Mrs. F. Stolk. a na-
tive of Kurhessen, Germany, aged 53 years
11 months and 9 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Albert Brown, 468 Thirteenth street, Oakland,
under the auspices of Deutscher Frauen
Verein Red Cross Society. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery-
HARRINGTON— In this city, August 2S. 1898,
Ruby Agnes, beloved daughter of William
and Mamie Harrington, and sister of Georgle,
Lydia, Elsie and Joseph Harrington, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 7
months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mormw
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1557 Treat avenue, between
Precita avenue and Twenty-eighth street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HELY— In this city. August 2S, 1898. Walter
Raymond, son of Mariam and the late John
Heiy, a native of San Francisco.
KOCH— In this city, August 27. 1898, Appolo-
nia, beloved wife of the late Jacob D. Koch,
a native of Germany, aged 64 years and 9
months.
[CThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 22 Fell street. Strictly private. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KRELING— In this city, August 28, 18P8, Mar-
tin, beloved husband of Barbara, and eldest
son of F. W. Kreling. father of Mrs. E. A.
Welnberg. and Emma, Charles, Ben. Joe,
Fred. William, John and Martin Kreling.
and brother of the late Joseph. William an, l
John Kreling, a native of Germany, aged
64 years and 7 months.
ICT" The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at his
'late residence, 139 Albion avenue. Interment
private.
McINTYRE— In this city, August 27, 1898.
James Edward, dearly beloved son of John
and Annie Mclntyre, and grandson of James
Mclntyre and Hannra Taylor, a native of San
Francisco, aged 22 days.
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
hi«> parents. 40 Gilbert street, between Sixth
and Seventh. Bryant and Brannan. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McAIASTER— In Berkeley. August 28. 1898. Miss
Mary MoMaster, a native of the province of
Quebec. Canada, aged 65 years.
McELLIGT'M— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, August 28, IS9B. Patrick McElligum.
O'CONNOR— In this city, August 27, IS9B, John,
beloved husband of the late Bridget A.
O'Connor, and father of Edward and Jen-
nie O'Connor. Mrs. William Guy and Mrs.
Lydia Milo, a native of County Longford,
Ireland, aged 73 years and 2 months.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery-.
ROBERSON— In this city, August 28, 189S, Ra-
mon HllHard, beloved* son of Mr. and Mrs.
John Roberson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 years 9 months and 9 days.
SEYFRIED— In this city, August 27, IS9B, Jo-
sefe, beloved daughter of M. Seyfried, and
sister of Louisa. Frank. Otto. August and
Ernest Seyfried, a native of Baden, Germany,
ased 19 years 6 months and 5 days. iln-
dianapolis. Ind., papers please copy.)
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1320 Harrison street, thence to St.
Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue, be*
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets, whera
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 1
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WHITE.— In this city, August 2S. ISfiS. Mrs.
Maggie, beloved wife of William White,
mother of William and George White, daugh-
ter of Mrs. Everson and the late Charles
Everson, and sister of Annie, William,
Frank and Albert Everson, Mrs. Nellie Owens
and the late Charles and George Everson, a
native of San Francisco.
E?Notlce of funeral hereafter.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3I
20 FIFTH ST., opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone. South _80- «_
H B. McAVOY, Manager.
McAUOY <fc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERB
1235 Market st, between Bth and 9th.
Telephone, South _247.
910
A FIGHT TO A
FINISH OVER
SUTRO'S WILL
Mrs. Kluge Will Cre
ate the Trouble.
SO DECLARES HER ATTORNEY
HE SAYS A WILL LATER THAN
1882 EXISTS.
The Contest for the Estate May
Not Be Commenced Till
the End of a
Year.
The application for the probate of the
•will of Adolph Sutro will be heard to
n'orrow by Judge Coffey. Joseph Moore,
the lawyer, who was one of the wit
nesses to the document, will be present
ami testify to his yipnature and other
matters in relation to the testament. Mr.
a was the attorney for Mr. Sutro,
and passed his opinion upon every foot of
land owned \>y the deceased In this State,
besides conducting much of his litiga
tion. He W&B very intimate with Mr.
Butro, who had a desk In his office for
many years.
"The only remaining executors of the
■will are Mr. Adamson and Dr. Emma
and they appear to be on friend-
Jy terms," said Mr. Moore last evening.
"I understand that the heirs are satis
fled with the will and have no objections
to Mr. Adamson as an executor. I sup
pose that Mrs. Kluge, claiming to be the
wife of Sutro, will at some future day
come forward and present a claim, at
least. In behalf of her two children,
whose father, she says, was Sutro. As I
■was Sutro's attorney I could not take
any part for her, even if I knew that she
■was right.
"As to the proceeds of the estate. I am
of the opinion that there ought to be a
good million dollars left, if there is rea
sonable and judicious co-operation be- j
tween the creditors and debtors. Dr. !
Merritt is a woman of good business
Judgment, having inherited some of her \
father's talent.
• "The trust clause must go by the i
board. That is conceded. But this will i
not effect the general integrity of the will
nor the executorship or any other ;
clause."
That Mrs. Kluge will contest the will is :
now a settled fact, but when the lnitia- j
tory steps will be taken no one yet
knows. It is not necessary that she :
shall set up her objections to the probat- I
ing of the will at the hearing of the ap- j
plication to-morrow. Proceedings in be- ,
naif of herself and children can be in- i
stituted within a year after the will is
probated.
•'Mrs. Kluge is going to insist on her
rights." said Van R. Paterson. her at- ■
tr rnoy, yesterday afternoon. "but ;
■whether now or at the distribution of the j
estate is a question. We are perfectly
satisfied that it is not the last will of i
Adolph Sutro. He made a later will in I
■which he gave the heights and his library i
to the City of San Francisco. There is |
no doubt in my mind of establishing the \
far^ that he made such a will, but the
finding of the document is quite another
thing. We might prove by a hundred
witnesses that Sutro made a will subse- !
quent to 1888. and Ptill be unable to say |
lust exactly what that will was. But he
did make a will after lS(-2, and somebody
•has the document, otherwise Sutro has
made false assertions.
"It makes but little difference to Mrs. |
Kluge's children whether they assert
their rights now or at the time of the dis- i
tribution. There are several legacies !
that ought not to be paid for this will is
not his last will. This will gives $500,000
{to brothers and sisters, nephews and
nieces. If it is beaten this money goes
Into the general fund of the estate and
will be divided among the heirs-at-law. !
We may not be ready on Tuesday. How- ■
ever, we don't have to show our hands
for a year after the probate. We are not |
obliged to assert all our rights even then. \
We can wait until the distribution so far
as the children are concerned. The heirs
are very firm in their assertion that they
■will not entertain any proposition of com- i
promise. However, if they persist in ;
maintaining that position there will be a ]
fight to the finish."
Another lawyer incidentally connected i
with the Sutro affairs expresses the i
opinion that the heirs will come to some i
agreement as to a provision for Mrs.
Kluge's children.
MRS. FANNIE MYER
ALLEGES CRUELTY
SAYS HER HUSBAND DROVE
HER FROM HIS HOME.
Asks the Court to Grant Her a De
cree of Divorce and the Cus
tody of Her Minor Chil
dren.
Mrs. Fannie Myer Is unwilling that her
fcusband. A. W. Myer, the prominent cap
italist and real estate agent, should be
granted a divorce from her on the ground
of desertion, as alleged In his complaint,
and Saturday she filed an answer and
cross-complaint in which she charges her
husband with having driven her from his
home. Myer, In his complaint for divorce,
stated that his wife held valuable real es
tate in trust, which was community prop
erty, and asked that with the decree of
divorce an order issue giving him title and
possession of one-half the estate. Mrs.
Myer denies that the property is commu
nity property and Is held in trust for her
self and the plaintiff.
She also denies that she willfully desert
ed her husband. In May of 1597, she al
leges, in her home, T>4l Baker street, she
was attacked by her husband, who cruelly
beat and abused her. He also used harsh
language toward her. He also used harsh
other persons, and through this treatment
she was forced to leave him.
By reason of this Mrs. Myer prays that
the marital relation existing between her
self, and her husband be dissolved, that
the^custody of thre* minor children, Har
olff J.. Arthur 11. and Golda Myer, be
awarded her and that the court decree
that her husband has no interest In any
property in her possession.
SID CAVILL BESTS
ROGER B. CORNELL
LOCAL SWIMMER DEFEATED
BY THE AUSTRALIAN.
Good Sport at Sutro Baths — An lowa
Volunteer Meets With an Ac
cident at Bakers Beach.
Roper I?. Cornell, champion rough water
swimmer of the Pacific Coast, was de
feated a second time by Sid Cavlll, cham
pion of Australia, at Sutro Baths, and
carried off a purse of $500 and a side bet
of $100. Three weeks ago the first heat of
the match was contested. The swimmers
covered a distance of 220 yards and Cavlll
was an easy winner. A week ago Sunday
the swimmers entered the ocean near the
baths and swam a mile around the rocks.
Cavlll took things easy and, when near
the beach, waited an Incoming wave to
carry him ashore but Cornell struggled on
and beat his opponent some eight or ten
feet. Yesterday a course of 880 yards was
laid out in the baths for the final heat of
the match. Promptly at 3:30 p. m. the
ewimmera faced the line and to the report
of a piotol In the hands of Edward
Mowry, director of aquatic sports, fiove
Into the bis tank and tHe race was on.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS ESSAY CONTEST.
William Walsh the Successful Young Man Who Won the Archbishop's
Diamond Trophy in the Annual Rally.
WILLIAM WALSH, the repre
sentative of the Third Dis
trict of the League of the
Cross, v.-as the successful es
sayist in the annual contest for the
Archbishop Riordan diamond medal,
held yesterday afternoon at Metro
politan Temple. The subject chosen
for the essay was "Temperance and
the United States Navy." The pre
vailing object which the essayists In
general endeavored to give promin
ence to and emphasize was the effect
of liquor as contrasted to that of
temperance in the different navies of
the world.
This is the subject upon which the
various districts of the league,
through the oratory and ability of
the young men they chose to repre
sent each individual section contend
ed for the magnificent trophy.
The contestants who competed with
young Walsh for the decision were
Major William H. McCarthy of the
First District, John J. Harrington of
the Second District, James O'Brien
of the Fourth District and Sergeant
J. Henry Long of the Fifth.
The general style of the different
compositions, owing to the subject,
was the same, the distinguishing
points of difference being in the ora
torical qualities of the speaker, the
manner of enunciation and the liter
ary value of his composition. Al
though these advantages were ex
Both men were In the pink of condition.
Cavlll. lightly built but muscular, took
the lead. He swam comfortably, his head
well up and perfectly at ease. Behind
him, his powerful opponent, a man of
Herculean build and undoubted strength,
labored. He did not swim as naturally
as the Australian. H»± has a peculiar
habit of dipping his head beneath the
water with each stroke which, it would
seem, decreased his t^peed and added to
his labor. By the power of his strokes,
however, it could be readily seen that he
was built to battle in tossing seas and
was not as much at home in the still
water, mildly tempered by the sun
streaming in through the glass vault
overhead.
At the line on the last lap the men were
abreast but Cavill soon drew away from
the local man, and when the pistol
pounded at the finish, about seventeen
yards of water separated the swimmers
and the Australian, cheered by thousands
of spectators was declared the winner.
In the 60-yard dash, handicap, for nov
ices, Andrew M' Farland won and D. Kil
gariff was awarded second prize. F. Mc-
Dermott of Australia swam 218 feet un
der water and won the under water swim
ming contest. R. Elliott took second
money. In the mixed diving contest E.
Denny won and H. Grey was second. In
the aerial diving match A. J. Baker was
awarded the first prize ana F. Green the
second.
Edward Mowry is at present endeavor
ing to arrange a match between Cavill
{mil Dan Green, a well known swimmer of
this city. In case arrangements are com
pleted It will occasion considerable ex
citement in swimming circles as both men
have met and defeated many swimmers
who have appended the title "champion"
to their names.
At the Park, Cliff and Chutes exception
ally large crowds gathered. No accidents
occurred, and but one sufferer was treat
ed at the Park Hospital. Harry Paschoff.
of Company A, lowa Volunteers, fell
about thirty feet down an embankment
at Bakers Beach and suffered a severe
laseeratlon of the scalp and many bruises
on his body. He was taken to the Park
Hospital and treated. It Ts not thought
that hlB injuries will prove serious.
Alhambra's Opening Night.
The Alhambra Is having a most satis
factory advance sale and in all proba
bility the opening night will see the
house crowded to the doors. Del Puente.
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney I>rew. Corlnne and
the great Parisian illusionist, M. de
Vllliers wil certainly insure heavy busi
ness for the opening week. The manage
ment lias great confidence in Mr. Rostet
ter and his new orchestra.
You will find the latest things In wall
paper at Clark's, 65,"! Market street. •
00000 00000 000000000000000000 OO
1 OF COURSE THE CAPTAIN PAID. 2
2 _ o
°r-ra " —^l * - °
© I . j-Mj-^tj- li It was. on the O'Farrell-street car, and ■■ It oc- ©
© 1&v llsis* \\/. curred since free rides 1 , soldiers was decided to be Q
O vk_/^lnjw\J l / a nuisance. A colonel, attired in fitting apparel and O
O is.if/jG isiH^/J embonpoint, occupied the se-t fat the extreme front O
q ZZ-^\ I^J^E^. ot the dummy. Next to him sat a bronzed major of ©
_ \^^Ey\. Jkr^JA the Third Artilery. pleased to be seen with so im-.O
r\ Z^^^^g^SiVt or tant a personage as a colonel. ,: Next to the ma- O
© IZY^lrfffS? ■wf^'S^ Jor, with an obsequious look and flattered air, sat a Q
O . BLS^st^^^^ young captain of the Twentieth Kansas Volunteers. O
'® 1 i £f*vt 1! -As the conductor approached, collecting %=% = his fares, ©
© A. I Ut*Jk lfl|l I the three officers inserted ; their respective ; fingers :O -
0 > 4 1/*V^ si l|/ Into 1 their respective pockets and drew .-: therefrom O
O (^Nrf A \&j • the cash. The colonel held up a nickel, which was ©
0 l-^^v3l " I'k^' all very proper, and the amount of his -fare. The" O
0 I~r7^j^. I &jv major, however, wished to show his appreciation of • ©
O t A^iy^M^A the f act that; he was riding with his superior offl- ' ©
Vjf'^L^C S^%vZ''ii cer, and he held up two nickels, at the same time O
® jjc^jgfU showing the * conductor two ; fingers. ' The captain Q
© gg * ?yS: ?^g^ : ~~~^ undoubtedly felt that this was one of the occasions ©
O -I ! r^*^l j|^ of his life, for he was riding with two sons of Mars Q
© />U i'v^Ofal'p^ who ; condescended to admit him to their .'( presence. O
0 \3M?*^^JvLj V- Three ' nickels and three fingers were shown ito ■ the ©
© l-*il W%^v^ conductor. Probably neither to ; this day. recognizes ©
O \ \«S the fact, that he gave a lesson in human ! nature O
_- P 0 \ V lR\ ' to the plain citizen who sat in the same, seat with ©
c^rt-^ .I*]^ 1 them. It is 'needless to say that the captain paid . ©
'-■** 3 n-v 1 *N| the are or all three. O
O j ©
o ©
000000000000000000000000000000000
*) ■■ ntmifrin n nil i fi rtmntm it»irtii.ifti..'iiiii.f~ii l t ■.b.ii*iiijT*iii-fti» j tianiirtiv«rii i •■■••■ "■■.-»uidk*i*liaift^,.tsjat&*na
THE SAN; VjsAETCIBCO- CALL, MOIST) AY, AUGUST 29, 1898.
hibited In all the essays delivered,
they were found in greater perfection
in that delivered by Walsh.
The Judges who decided upon the
merits of the contestants who ren
dered the decision In favor of young
Walsh through their chairman. Judge
Beatty, expressed the difficulty which
they found in making any compari
son in the essays read. These se
lected judges were Mayor Phelan,
Judge TV. H. Beatty and R. H. Web
ster.
After a short address on the sub
ject of temperance and the growing 1
influence and prestige it is receiving
in the community through the League
of the Cross and its adherents, the
glittering trophy of honor and dis
tinction was presented by the Arch
bishop to the successful contestant.
In the address which followed the
presentation of the medal the Arch
bishop dwelt upon the merits of the
compositions rendered, encouraging
those unsuccessful in the contest by
telling them they had nothing to re
gret except the loss of the medal,
their efforts being worthy of more
than ordinary praise and distinction.
"It is useless to observe." he said,
"that these boys are Americans. I
have not the slightest doubt that they
were born orators, as all Americans
are. I look forward to the day when
I shall see these boys occupying im
portant political positions through
their talents and their natural mental
worth.
"I take pleasure to-day in watching
the growth of thesa young men and
the organization of which they are
members. Here we have in our city
WILL PLEAD
SELF-DEFENSE
Statement Made by Cor
nelius Sullivan.
ADMITS THE SHOOTING
CLAIMS HIS STEPFATHER WAS
A DANGEROUS MAN
He Says He Thought Pratt Went
to the Bedroom to Get a
Knife Kept
There.
Cornelius Sullivan, who killed his step
father, J. L. Pratt, at 633 Minna street,
Saturday night, has retained J, N. E.
Wilson as his attorney and will probably
fight the charge of murder on the grounds
of self-defense.
In a statement made to Detectives Egan
and Tom Gibson yesterday, Sullivan ad
mitted shooting Pratt and gave a com
plete account of the affair. To the offi
cers he said that he went to Pratt's house
about 8:15 and sat down in the kitchen to
talk with hia stepfather. Pratt's first
question was in regard to the $2000 Mrs.
Pratt had left. He inquired how Sullivan
had known It was in the bank and Sulli
van informed him that the priest had told
him of it and had told him that if he had
known of the existence of a son he would
havo advised Mrs. Pratt differently.
Pratt denied to Sullivan that hla wife
had left money and Sullivan called him a
liar. Pratt jumped from his chair and
shaking his fist in his stepson's face
warned him not to call him names. Sul
a body of young men and boys, 10,000
In number, who are setting an ex
ample to the entire community. They
have gone into the world different
than most young men. with that capi
tal which ranks above all other, that
of temperance.
"The future of our lives lies in the
development of theirs— young men
who have the grace of temperance
burned in lasting Imprint on their
minds. Young men, I would ask you
to continue on in the same course you
have chosen. You are young, while
we, your guardians and advisers, are
growing old. You are still living in
the age of hopefulness, when every
thing in life is before you, nothing
behind. You are undergoing that
stage in life when your characters are
forming and the course of your future
lives determining. You have the one
gift which enables you to do morn
than we — that of being young.
"Although temperance is not the
only virtue, and although it might not
be the greatest, still it Is one of the
most necessary and laudable. There
fore, remain loyal to your vows. I
bid you success in your efforts to
make yourselves temperate men."
In conjunction with the essay con
test the installation of the following
officers lately elected to guide the or
ganization during the coming year
was made by Archbishop Riordan;
President, Walter E. Dorn; vice
president, R. W. Glllogley; recording
secretary, Thomas J. Macaulay; cor
responding secretary, John T. Sulli
van; treasurer. Dr. S. J. Cunningham.
The rally was closed by the singing
of a Te Deum by the entire audience.
livan reiterated his former statement and
Pratt turned and started for his bedroom
when Sullivan shot him.
_ "The reason I shot him," said Sullivan,
"was that I knew ho was a dangerous man
and that be always kept a knife In his
room at night times.
"On the night of the 26th inst. I ppent
the evening with Pratt. I asked him If
my mother intended to leave me any
money, and he told me that after the bills
were all paid there would not be a cent
left. I told him that I knew there was
$2000, but he denied this and I left him."
The housekeeper, Mrs. Abbie Carney,
also made a statement to the police. K<»r
account of the shooting is substantially
the same as that of Sullivan's, with the
exception that she says Pratt called Sul
livan names first. When Sullivan began
to shoot Mrs. Carney grabbed his arm
and begged him not to kill Pratt. The
housekeeper says Pratt went to bed about
fi o'clock, but got up again an hour later,
saying he expected Sullivan.
It is claimed that Pratt was preparing
to so East In order to avoid Sullivan.
This is the reason he had sent his trunks
to the house of Mrs. Lee.
The property was taken frrtrn Mrs. Lee
yesferday and is in the possession of the
police.
ACCIDENTAL DEATH
OF MARTIN KRELING
A LOOSE GAS JET CAUSES HIS
SUDDEN DEMISE.
Last of Four Brothers Who Were
Prominent in the Business
of This City.
Martin Kreling was found dead in bed
yesterday morning at his residence, 139 Al
bion avenue. His wife was on her way
down stairs for the purpose of getting: the
morning papers when she discovered the
odor of escaping gus. She immediately
located it In a back bedroom on the
ground floor, where her husband slept.
On opening the door leading to his bed
room she was horrified to find him lying
dead on the bed, fully dressed. At his
side was an evening paper, which he had
evidently been reading, it being his cus
tom for years.
xhe last seen of the deceased was at 11
o'clock on Saturday night when the fam
ily returned home from the theater. He
was then lying on a lounge asleep, and
not caring to disturb his rest he was per
muted to remain there.
It is thought that during the night he
changed his position from the lounge to
the bed to finish his reading. Becoming
tired he turned out the gas, but acciden
tally turned on the jet, which was old and
loose.
That his deaui was purely accidental is
beyond Question, as he had no reason to
end his existence. He was happily sur
rounded by a loving wife and nine chil
dren—seven sons and two daughters.
The escaping gas nearly proved fatal to
a son, Martin .Krellng, who was asleop in
an adjoining apartment. The deadly fumes
entered a parity open window and filled
the room with Its sickening odor, making
the little fellow ill and detaining him in
bed all day yeaterday.
The death of Martin Krellng removes
the last of four brothers, who were prom
inent in local business circles. An aged
father mourns the loss of his four sons,
William, who was at one time Tax Col
lector: John, Joseph and the deceased.
That popular place of amusement, the
Tlvoll, was started by the Kreling tamily
at the corner of Suttrr and Stockton
streets, and its success resulted in its be
ing moved to its present location. Aside
from the theatrical business the Krellngs
conducted a large cabinet business in the
Mission, which gave them a commercial
prominence.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHTBKT is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use becaue It Is pure.
Ran From the Police.
Tim Regan was treated at the Receiving
Hospital last evening for a fracture of
the leg. received while running: away
from the police. A crowd of boys were
playing on Shipley street, between Fifth
and Sixth, when Officer Cooney came up.
One of the boys grave the warnlnsr and the
crowd rau. Regan fell from a fence and
was Injured,
SOLDIER BOYS
LISTEN TO
FATHER YORKE
Are Addressed on the
Subject of Duty.
WHAT THAT WORD IMPLIES
SOLDIERS AT CAMP MEBKETT
WERE NOT DEPEAVED.
The Alleged Conspiracies Against
the Government of the United
States Explained and
Ridiculed.
"A Soldier's Duty to God, as Well as to
His Country" was the subject of an inter
esting and instructive lecture by Father
Yorke last evening before a large audi
ence of soldiers at the Catholic Truth
Society's tent at the Presidio.
The main object of the lecture was to
show that in addition to obeying the com
mands of the officers of the army the sol
dier should remember his religion and
obey the duties required by it. In speak
ing of the repulsion which a common sol
dier is forced to experience and undergo
in saluting his superior officer and treat
ing him with more respect than is af
forded himself, he said:
"It is not the man you look to so much
as the people and the country which he
represents. It is the flag and what It
stands for that you should take pleasure
in saluting while recognizing your supe
rior and paying him every respect.
"By the same manner In which you ten^
der your duty to your officers you' should
endeavor to conform to and practice the
duty you owe God. No man who does his
duty to his God can be a bad soldier.
"It Is not for me to explain in de
tail," he continued, "what your duty is.
If we want to be a great army of soldiers
we must naturally expect to have a su
perior, a head, as it were, to govern over
all. People daily will tell of your misdo
ings told through the medium of the press
and of their wagging tongues, but this
goes for naught when you know that
what is said is not true and that you are
loyal to your nation and loyal to your
God.
"When there Is the slightest trouble at
the camp there is a tremendous outcry
that soldiers are becoming insubordinate
and disgracing the army by their misdo
ings. It is a pleasure, notwithstanding
public comment, to review the conduct,
In its truth, of the volunteers and regulars
of the X'nlted States army quartered at
the Presidio. There was some outcry
about the moral condition of Camp Aler
rltt and the outrages practiced there by
the soldiers. Stories of insults being tend
ered children and women became topics
of general conversation. The public,
through various sources, began to view
the place with horror and repulsion.
"Such stories and lies as these were in
sults to the soldiers. No better evidence
of the falsity of the rumors can be had
than from the ladles of the Catholic
Truth Society, who aver that during their
long-coatlnued work In the camp they had
not received even as much as an indica
tion of an insult from any soldier quar
tered there. They have always been as
gentlemanly as they would have been in
their own homes in the presence of their
mothers and sisters. No matter what a
man may do or how much his character
may be belled by others he has nothing
to fear but his conscience and his Re
deemer. . .
"Whether you cross the seas to join
your comrades on the field of battle or
whether you remain at home, remember
that you are defenders of your country
wherever you are and receive the honor
as though you had gone through the bat
tles fought. You should not only remem
ber that you have taken a vow to protect
the flag, but a vow to support it.
"Those outside the Catholic faith say
that we are conspiring against the Gov
ernment and hold all sorts of meetings to
cause its overthrow in dark cellars and
other mysterious places. If we plot and
conspire' for this country we do it for its
good. When peace Is declared and you
go back to your homes and the people
there talk about us in the old way, re
member that we have done everything in
our power — and we have tried to do our
best. This you can understand, boys,
when you look Into the faces of the good
women who have done so much to aid
you and watch over your welfare by mak
ing your life in camp us pleasant as pos
sible. In conclusion, I would ask that
God take you in His safe keeping wher
ever you are. I hope the day will soon
come "when peace shall be declared, that
you may return to your homes and form
er avocations."
LIGHT ON POLK STREET.
Electricity Has Taken the Place of
Gas Lamps.
Two years ago the Polk-street mer
chants, appreciating the necessity for
better street lighting, organized in a body
and determined that they would give the
citizens an object lesson in modern street
illumination by suspending arc lights
over the center of the street. It was a
brilliant success, so much so that it was
adopted by almost every street improve
ment club In the city, and for six months
San Francisco presented a modern and
progressive appearance on its public thor
oughfares. Since that time many of the
merchants on that street have continued
at their own expense the lighting by elec-
tricity.
The Merchants' Association, always
alive to the best Interests of the city
and thoroughly appreciating the advan
tage of well lighted streets, determined
that when the contract with the city for
street lighting expired it would demand
a modern system of street lighting for all
the business thoroughfares, and prepared
a schedule for that purpose, which has
since been adopted by the city. Through
the efforts of the Merchants' Association,
Polk street, in recognition of its being
the one that Inaugurated the new system
of street lighting in the city, was selected
as the first street to be lighted, and last
evening was ablaze from Sutter street to
Vallejo. This effort of the Merchants'
Association is fully appreciated and duly
acknowledged by all the merchants of
Polk street.
SCOTS WILL BE THERE
The Clans Will Assemble and Aid
the Irish Fair.
The date for the Scottish Night at the
Irish Fair is September 3 instead of to
night, as was first announced. The many
members of the St. Andrews, Thistle and
other Scottish societies wIU turn out on
that date in full force. The programme
will embrace music on the bagpipes and
dances by the best reel and jig dancers of
the clans.
To-night is set apart for the men and
women and their descendants from old
Connaught. The counties In this prov
ince will be represented by thousands, and
those present will enjoy special Irish mu
sic and illustrated songs of all nations by
means of pictures on a screen, and music
arranged for the occasion by Bennett and
his band.
The Irish Fair starts on its second wee«v
to-day. To-morrow is League of the Cross
day, and the young soldiers will be there
in companies and will drill.
This afterneon beautiful pieces of tiles
will be given to ladles buying tickets of
admission at the box ofßca
The map of Ireland and the old sod will
be a center of attraction ihls afternoon
and to-night, for the Irish pipers will be
there and the voting for the most popular
county will ffillow. County Cork is in the
lead. The sale, so far. is as follows: Cork,
210; Galway, 197; Dublin, J92; Antrim, 198;
Tyrone, 124; Clare. 119; Fermanagh, loo;
Limerick, 91; Louth, 80; Sllgo, 62.
Steamship Australia, recently In the
service of the Government as a troop
ship, has been returned to the Oceanic
line and will resume her Honolulu run on
or about September L Fare $75. Round
irio *125. Ticket office, 114 Montgomery.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT.
SPECIAL SALE
TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS.
We have just received a very large
.ent of FINETAPESTRYTABLE COVERS,
an new designs and the very latest colorings.
As these goods come to us direct from the
manufacturer, we are enabled to offer them
at very low prices.
SPECIALS.
7Ka M5OM 50 4-4x4-4 FRINGED TAPESTRY
IJU Each. \ TABLE COVERS.
nc ft } 200 6-4x6-4 FRINGED TAPESTRY
Dub Each, i table covers.
00 Cf) M 75M 75 8-4xB-4 FRINGED TAPESTRY
OZiJU Each. ! TABLE COVERS.
WCrt | 125 8-4xB-4 FRINGED TAPESTRY TA«
iJU Each, i BLE COVERS, very handsome designs.
Oil nf) \ 50 8"4xlO-4 FRINGED TAPESTRY
5tiUU Each. ) TABLE COVERS.
OR flfl i 75 8-4x12-4 FRINGED TAPESTRY
OJiUU Each. \ TABLE COVERS.
SEE DISPLAY OF ABOVE GOODS IN OUR
SHOW WINDOWS.
111. 113, 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG
BO WEN
&CO.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Coffee— Pasha blend 2lbs 55<=
reg'ly 35c lb^ , ,ibcan 95 c
Roast or ground — popular favorite
Whisk-pv-*? B & Co's 3 bots $2
■^ytX OK Bourbon _ *,
■ rtg'ly $1 $4 * al *>3
A good medicinal whiskey is always
j needed. Our name has been associat-
ed with this brand for two generations
Toilet SOap-reg'ly 50c doz 37^
, Who would use poor soap or none at
all when a first rate one may be had
at such a price
Stuffed olives-Teyssoneau sml
regularly 35c and 50c large 4^o
The pits are removed from fine, big
olives which are then stuffed with
anchovies, the most delicate of fish.
Good olive oil surrounds all .
Claret— 50c gallon }£C
Man/ foods sell on the reputation of
the brand. Wines and liquors in bulk
sell on the repute of the dealer.
We run no risks.
Finnan haddies-re 'y«oc «n ire
Scotch Findon haddock— a breakfast
out of the ordinary. Directions on tin
French' mustard-re*-iy ** ** i c;c
Gives zest to meats— piquant flavor.
A good brand— our word for that.
Eau de quinine— 6^c
Ask your druggist the price of it
By the way, Jutland's goods are no
longer imitated; giving those who sell
genuine articles a chance * * ■■'■■'■'
Hamamelis *£ J£ J-
Extract of witch hazel — almost a
cure-all. Heals bruises, soothes bums.
reduces inflamation. You can't well
afford to be without some in the house
Alkethrepta-re*'lyasc tin here 2OC
Extract of chocolate — homeopathic
All that's good in chocolate-condensed
French knives--sa&after
Don't get dull quick— great help to
kitchen workers
Inches 4 3 6 t 8 9 .10 11 1* "
reg'ly 20 25 30 35 40 50 55 65 75c
special 15 15 20 25 30 35 4050 60c
DuSt pan— regMy . 25c I£C ,
A durable pan with steel edge made
for , wear I and use— looks first-rate at
the same time
Cigars— Gran Gozo $4.2%
regularly $5 box of 100
Clear Havana, opera size. Think of
100 good little cigars for four dollars
and a quarter
Humidors $2.c0 to $15.00
A ; box to keep cigars damp. The
more you pay the finer, the box but
probably no better for the purpose f
Mall orders entitled to these prices If posted not
: Inter than Wednesday
♦3* Pine ■ 215 Sutter sSoo California San Francisco
\ 1073 : Clay between - Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
THE WEEKLY CALL,
$1.50 pep Year.
STATEMENT
— -OF THE-—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
,  CP THE— —
GREENWICH
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IX THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D. J
I 1897, and for the year ending on that day, a*
■ made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
! condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. £•-*> ■ •'
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash ■ .'. $200,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $200,000 09
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,04*, 896 00
I Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 6,000 00
Cash In company's office 6,187 48
Cash in banks 61,874 28
Interest' due and accrued on all
stocks and loans * " 60
Premiums in due course of collection 140,375 73
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 22,015 54 •
Total assets $1,484.886 61
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid , $«.•«• 63
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense "includingexpenses.. 40,039 84 -
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 40,039 84
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one >ear or less. $534,977 96.
reinsurance 50 per cent. ............. »'■«•»
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. J863.667 47,
reinsurance pro rata....... •-••-• »i.*n »
Gross Premiums on , marine and in-
land navigation risks $*S. .93 19, re-
Sssssggg —
All other demands against the com-
pany " '
Total liabilities 1392,963 24
INCOME.
j Net cash actually received for fir.
m aciuaf.y-received-for-ma: ' g
Re'cefverf'rTnUreVt-^d-dVvidend; ™'*»
R on bonds stocks, loans and from
all other sources • «.864 17
Received for rents 16,937 61
Taxes refunded 4 ' T6B **
Total Income ,V...V..^..... — 1945,473 11
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses **%•*** 95
1 Net amount paid for marine losses.. 76,978 OS
v,fvidends to^tockholders.. .. 80,000 00
! Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage ••••• 167,334 54
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. ... 105,111 39
' Paid for State, national ; and local
taxes .- ....-" • J , 14,820 38
All other payments and expenditure*. '92,144 81
Total expenditures ".. $872,816 85
losses incurred during the year $525,993 It
I Risks : and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
I Net amount of risks writ-
i* ten during the year... $127,628,414 $364,565 88
Net amount of risks ex-
" pired during the year... 139,076.041 1,0*7,058 89
Net amount in force. Do- •
cember 31. 1897...;...... 303.370,666 1.199,630 41
\ Marine .
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of risks writ- .
ten during the year... $44,608,809 $154,696 89
Net amount of risks ex- --
pired during the year... 43.631.386 128,344 47
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897.::.:;.... 2.758.211 88.793 1»
MASON A. STONE. President.
WALTER B. WARD, Assistant Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st
day of January, 189 S.
WM. B. STUYVESANT. Notary Public.
DAVIS&HENRY,
AGENTS FOR CALIFORNIA,
215 Sansome St., San Francisco.
Telephone Main 1100.