VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 170.
PROPERTY OF DR. McDONALD IN THIS
CITY SEIZED BY ROBBED CREDITORS
Horace W. Garpentier Wasilil
Tool of the Old
Financier.
Valuable Market-Street Land Ille
gally Transferred to Cheat
Depositors,
The Call's expose of the scoundrels
and the methods that ruined the Pacific
Bank and the People's Home Savings
Bank has borne f ruit. There is in this
city on Market street, near Sanchez, a
very valuable piece of property belong
ing to Dr. R. H. McDonald. Through a
series of dishonest and illegal transac
tions it was transferred with a purpose
of defrauding the creditors of tti£ bank
to Horace W. Carpentier. Thousands
of creditors have been on the' lookout
since the Call began these exposures,
and several of them, actfhg through
their assignee, S, G. Murphy, president
of the First National Bank of this city,
attached the prope^ryesterday after
noon and will have it sold to satisfy one
of the Judgments against Dr. McDonald.
This will be done for the benefit of the
creditors, and is only the beginning of
other and similar legal action, which
the Call will exploit in the proper
place.
The Call fulfills this morning its ,
promise to the public that it would not
only expose the scoundrels who wreck- i
ed the McDonald banks but that it j
■would also show to the robbed creditors j
of the defunct institutions how they j
may obtain something of what right- !
fully belongs to them. The startling i
exposure of the dishonest schemes ,
that destroyed the Pacific Bank and
the Peoples Home Savings Bank has i
reached such a stage that it is neces- |
Bary to show th>- creditors of the bank
that in this city there is very valuable
property belonging to Dr. McDonald i
and subject to attachment. When The !
Call began its startling expose its pri- I
mary purpose was to recover for the i
creditors if possible some of the prop- !
erty that the dishonest bankers and
their parasites diverted to their own j
h.O.^ACE W. CARPENTIER,
The San Francisco Call
benefit and then protected from any
proceeding that the creditors might un
dertake.
This purpose is partially accom
plished in the announcement that Dr.
R. H. McDonald owns a very valuable
piece of property on Market street,
near Sanchez. The estimated value of
this property ranges from $40,000 to
$60,000. It extends for 150 feet on Mar
ket street and cannot but increase in
value with the progress of the city. It
belongs to Dr. R. H. McDonald, al
though through a series of dishonest
transactions it now is recorded in the
name of Horace W. Carpentier. The
man in whose name this property now
stands is onfe of the most widely known
if not favorably known persons who
ever lived in California. He was a close
friend and adviser of Dr. R. H. Mc-
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1898
The McDonald Property on Market Street That Is in Carpentier's Name.
Donald and was ready to perform al
most any service that the dishonest old
financier requested.
When the banks were on the verge of
destruction Frank McDonald trans
ferred a piece of very valuable local
real estate belonging to his father to
a bogus corporation organized by the
McDcmald family to cheat their credi
tors. This corporation in turn trans
ferred back to Dr. McDonald the prop
erty in question. The old banker again
transferred the land to Horace W. Car
pentier, in whose name the property
is now recorded. All of these transfers
were absolutely illegal and The Call
presents this morning the full and com
plete evidence of this fact.
The full description of the property
which is still owned by Dr. R. H. Mc-
Donald, although it stands in the name
of Horace W. Carpentier will be of in
valuable assistance to the depositors
in their efforts to recover what right
fully belongs to them. This property
was purchased by Dr. McDonald many
years ago, and the old man realized in
the later days of San Francisco it would
be of tremendous value. This land
above all others he -wished to keep to
himself, and he was more than particu
lar in transferring it through bogus
transactions so that his name would
not appear as owner. The property in
its full description is as follows:
Beginning at a point on Market
street, on the southeast side, one hun
dred and eleven (111) feet and three (3)
inches from the corner of Sanchez
street, and extending southwesterly
along Market street for one hundred
and fifty (150) feet; thence at right
angles to Market street southwesterly
one hundred and ten (110) feet; thence
northeasterly and parallel to Market
street one hundred and fifty (150> feet;
thence at right angles and northwest
erly one hundred and ten (110) feet to
the point of beginning.
Also beginning at a point on the
southeasterly side of Market street and
northeast of previous piece, distant
eighty-three (S3) feet and four (4)
inches southwesterly from the south
westerly corner of said Market street
and Sanchez street; thence southwest
erly along said line of Market street
twenty-five (25) feet and eight (8)
inches; thence southeasterly and at
right angles to Market street on* hun
dred and ten (110) feet; thence north
easterly and parallel with said Market
street fourteen (14) feet and eleven and
one half (11%) inches to the westerly
side of Sanchez street; thence north
erly along said Sanchez street sixteen
(16) feet and five and one half (o^s)
inches; thence northwesterly and at
right angles to Market street ninety
seven (97) feet and six (6) inches to the
point of beginning.
The exposure undertaken by The
Call placed the creditors of the two
wrecked institutions on their guard.
The thousands of men and women who
lost their money through the dishonesty
of the McDonalds understood that the
exposure was not made for any purpose
of sensationalism. They were assured
that something of material advantage
to them would result from the revela
tion The Call has made, and yesterday
afternoon the first attachment upon the
property of Dr. R. H. McDonald in
this city was made. This attachment
was issued in the suit of S. G. Murphy
against R. H. McDonald. The prop
erty on Market street has been attach
ed by the legal representative of Mr.
Murphy, who will now proceed to get
"service on the defendant by publication
and have the property sold under judg
ment to satisfy one of the debts that
Dr. McDonald owes to the robbed
creditors of his banks.
In January of this year S. G. Murphy,
who at one time was cashier of the
Pacific Bank, and is now president of
the First National Bank, was made the
assignee of many of the depositors and
creditors of the Pacific Bank. Acting
in the capacity of assignee Mr. Murphy
filed a suit against R. H. McDonald to
recover $34,842 50, the amount of several
claims assigned to him. Dr. McDonald
was sued personally on his liability as
a stockholder of the wrecked bank. The
old man being the principal stock
holder, legal action was first directed
against him. Murphy was unable to
serve a summons on Dr. McDonald and
the suit dragged along up to the time
of the death of Daniel Titus, who was
Murphy's attorney. When The Call
began its startling expose of the men
and measures that accomplished the
ruin of the Pacific Bank, Murphy,
among thousands of others, was on the
gui vive for any development that
would lead toward the location of at
tachable property.
He became convinced that the prop
erty that now stands in the name of
Horace W. Carpentier actually belongs
to Dr. R. H. McDonald, and his attach
ment immediately followed. Alfred
Sutro was employed by Murphy to
prosecute the case from the point where
Titus had left it when he died. As a
result of this employment an attach
ment was levied upon the property and
the Sheriff will take proceedings to
day. This attachment furnisnes a
foundation for service upon McDonald
by publication. It is supposed thnt Dr. I
McDonald is in Montreal, Canada, al
though he was known to be in New
York a few weeks agn. The suit which !
has been tiled in behalf of S. C. Murphy
doe* not affect any one but Dr. McDon
ald. The way is clear, therefore, for
civil action against all of the other con
spirators who were concerned in the ,
ruin of the Pacific Bank.
DR. MCDONALD'S DIS
HONESTY.
The Call has already proved that Dr.
R. H. McDonald was thoroughly in
formed of the condition of his banks
in this city. He knew that failure was
absolutely inevitable, and he had al
ready given his solemn promise to the
Bank Commission to pledge his private
fortune for the benefit of the ro-bbed
•tepositors of his Institution.
A few aays after he made this prom
ise, in December, 1891, he fled from this
city and State, with the purpose of
placing the burden of dishonor on his
sons and to save his own property from
the grasp of his deluded creditors. He i
owned enormous properties, not only in j
this city, but in Norfolk, Va_, and he
determined to protect his own posses
sions from the consequences of his own
dishonesty and that of his sons.
For nearly two years, in conjunction
with his son. Frank V. McDonald, and
their parasites, he plotted and planned
to conceive a method by which he could
secure his property from threatened
and prospective attachment. Frank V.
McDonald, who has already proved
himself to the public a more than or
dinary clever and crafty scheme-,
planned the organization of a gigantic
corporation, which was to be known as
the McDonald Company, into which ali
of the available assets of Dr. McDonald
were to be thrown and protected from
attachment. This company was con
ceived in the brain of Dr. McDonald
and hie unscrupulous son early In IS9JS,
when the affairs of the Pacific Bank
were in such a condition that collapse
seemed inevitable. The son had various
suggestions to offer and his ideas fin
ally culminated In the organization of
the McDonald Company, which was
nothing more or less than Dr. McDon
ald himself.
The doom of the banks came more
quickly, however, than the dishonest
father and son expected. This great
company did not possess even the sem
blance of organization until two day 3
before the Pacific Bank collapsed.
Father and sons had planned their
scheme for many months, but they nad
neglected to make it a legal reality un
til two days before the crash came.
This fact is c-f the greatest possible sig
nificance to the depositors and creditors
of the ruined banks, particularly in
reference to the piece of property on
Market street which was attached yes
terday and belongs absolutely to the
creditors of the McDonald banks.
It was early in June that the Mc-
Donalds saw that the ruin of their in
stitutions could not be prevented. Dr.
McDonald had already induced his sons
to steal $142,0Q0. He had forced them to
take from the vaults of the Pacific
Bank $13,000 in coin for his own per
sonal necessity. He had cautioned them
to be on their guard agajnst any action
that might convict them of fraud. He
understood thoroughly that the month
of June 1893, could not be passed with
out ruin. After he had transferred as
much of his personal and real property
as he could he delegated to his eon,
Frank V. McDonald, the duty of sav
ing this very valuable piece of prop
erty on Market street, near Sanchez.
THE TRANSFER TO THE
COMPANY.
As a precautionary Measure in this
campaign of theft Dr. R. H. McDonald
gave to his son Frank his absolute power
of attorney. Frank used it lor every
dishonorable purpose that he could con
ceive. He had already stolen for his
father nearly $225,000. He determined
to steal more. He was Informed by his
father that the piece of property on
Market street must be taken out of the
McDonald name, but retained in the
possession of the McDonald family.
While the giant corporation that was
subsequently known as the McDonald
Company had been conceived in the dis
honest brains of the bankers it was not
yet a legal reality. Frank traded upon
his ability, however, to deceive the pub
lic and the creditors of his banks. Pos
sessing the power of attorney of his
father he deeded the piece of property
on Market street, which has already
been described, from his father, R. H.
McDonald, to th<-> McDonald Company.
This deed was made on June 14, 1893 —
at least six days before the McDonald
Company of Norfolk, Virginia, was in
existence. This fact should not be for
'£Ptt#lC for it is tht- evidence that viti
ates the legality of the transfer. Cer
tain facts in reference to the organiza
tion of the McDonald Company of Nor
folk, Virginia, prove this assertion. The
first meeting of the directors of this
corporation that was called for the pur
poses of organization was held at Nor
folk on June 20, 1893, six days after
Frank McDonald had deeded this valu
able piece of local property to c corpo
ration which did not exist. Even the
meeting of directors that was held at
Norfolk on June 20, 1893, did not make
the McDonald Company a legal corpo
ration under the laws of the State of
Virginia.
It was necessar" before the company
could be legal that a charter should be
obtained from the State authorities of
Virginia. This charter had not been
obtained, and while Frank McDonald
possessed the power of attorney for his
father, the McDonald Company certain
ly could not have a legal representa
tive in this city before the corporation
had an existence.
It is the purpose of The Call to trace
step by step the theft of this Market
street property and to show the credi
tors of the McDonald banks how they
may recover something of what is due
them.
When Frank V. McDonald deeded the
Market-street property to the McDon
ald Com* any of Norfolk. Virginia, he
swore before a notary that he did so
In consideration of $50,000. No such
consideration win ever received. Not
a dollar of money. passed in the trans
fr nor was subsequently received by
the corporation. Frank McDonald was
simply delegated to steal wherever an
onnortunity offered, and he carried out
his contract, expecting that investiga
tors would never discover the vitally
important discrepancy of six days.
For over five years the robbed deposi
tors of these banks have been striving
to locate some property of Dr. McDon
aid - that might be legally levied
upon and confiscated in part payment
at least of what is due them. Every
possible effort was made without avail,
and to-day The Call "ives to these de
positors the important information that
this property on Market street belongs
to Dr. McDonald, and belonging to him
is the property of the depositors.
When the banks failed the estimated
value of this property was between $60,
000 and $70,000. It is now probably
worth $40,000, no insignificant sum in
the finances of the Pacific Bank. When
Frank McDonald, empowered as the
legal representative in this city of his
father, signed the deed on June 14, 1893,
he allowed the transaction to rest for
several days. He waited until the crash
came in the Pacific Bank before he
made public his thieving transaction.
It Was not until June 22, 1893, that the
deed transferring the Market street
property from R. H. McDonald to the
McDonald Company was acknowledged
before a notary public. This notary
was E. H. Tharp. The McDonald Com
pany was a reality, although not le
gally one under the laws of Virginia.
On the following day, June 23, 1893,
the deed from R. H. McDonald to the
McDonald Company was recorded in
the office of the Recorder in this city
at the request of the McDonald Com
pany. The record shows that at thirty
four minutes past 1 p. m. the deed was
placed on record. Even then the Mc-
Donald Company had no legal repre
sentative in this city, and the record
was as bogus as the deed of transfer it
self, although Frank IV. McDonald
signed himself as being clothed with
full power of attorney for the both par
ties to the transaction. There was no-
Call's Expose of Scoundrels
Bears Substantial
Results.
Fraudulent Deeds Revealed After Six
Years of Successful
Deception.
body here or anywhere else empow
ered to record that deed for the McDon
ald Company.
THE PROPERTY SPIRITED
AGAIN.
Dr. McDonald, who was one of the
craftiest and most unscrupulous finan
ciers who ever preyed upon this coun
try, was still fearful that this valuable
property might be seized from him by
the robbed creditors of his banks. He
wished to make the transfer more com
plete.
Very soon after the collapse of the
Pacific Bank the McDonald Company
of Norfolk, Va., became a discredited
and dishonored corporation, and Dr.
McDonald decided that he would again
have this Market street property in his
own name. He determined upon this
course not for the purpose of retaining
the property in his own name, but for
the purpose of securing it again that
he might once more transfer it in an
other direction.
On September 4, 1893. he had the Mc-
Donald Company deed the Market
street property back to him. When the
deed was made the consideration was
given as $1. It should be remembered
that Dr. McDonald deeded the land to
the McDonald Company in considera
tion of $50,000, and then received it back
In consideration of $1.
These facts in themselves illustrate
something of the gigantic fraud that
inspired the transactions.
"With the craft that came with experi
ence and foreseeing carefully what he
intended to do subsequent to the trans
fer from the McDonald Company to
himself. Dr. McDonald deliberately
made this transfer an illegal one. He
knew that the McDonald Company
was himself, and he knew that any
transfer made by that company that
could be proved illegal would certainly
be vitiated and the property would re
turn to himself. Utilizing this knowl
edge and fearing to trust any one he
deliberately made the transfer back to
himself an illegal one.
As already indicated he in
tended this transfer should be
preliminary simply to a second
transfer to one of his employes.
The old financier did not trust this em
ploye and feared that at some time he
would become fractious and attempt to
prove ownership of the property. In
order to prevent that. Dr. McDonald
had made the peculiar contract by
which the property was deeded back
to him from the McDonald Company.
The record of this deed is in the Re
corders' office in this city.
In the first place the property is not
properly described. This may or may
not be of significance, but it is cer
tainly of some importance even as an
error. In the second place the trans
j fer is signed as if it were given by "The
D agram Showing the Location of trje Property on mar\si
Street.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
McDonald Company" instead of th«
"McDonald Company," a most import
ant defect in a legal transfer.
In the third place, and more import
ant still, the transfer was signed by in
ferior officers of the corporation, whose
signatures did not bind the company.
The records show that the deed of
transfer was made by Frank S. Ed
minster, vice president, and Charles E.
Puttfarcken, acting secretary. As a
matter of fact, if these sub
ordinate officers had anything
worth attaching. they and not
the McDonald Company could be
held civilly responsible for the transfer.
The Supreme Court of this State has
held that such a transfer must be
signed with the name of the corporation
by the proper officers.
Another and vitally important de
fect in the transaction is the fact that
when the deed was made from "The
McDonald Company" no resolution or
dering the transfer was adopted by the
company. As a matter of law, there
fore, as well as of equitable fact, this
Market-street property still belongs to
Dr. R. IJ. McDonald, notwithstanding
the transfer that was subsequently
made.
In this particular affair the person
ality of Frank S. Edminster is of con
siderable public importance. Edmin
ster was associated with Dr. McDonald
from the time that the dishonest old
financier was engaged in the manufac
ture of Vinegar Bitters. Edmfnster was
the bookkeeper and secretary of the
Vinegar Bitters Company and enjoyed
absolutely the confidence of Dr. R. H.
McDonald. It was Edminster who es
tablished in New York the notorious
"fence" through which the McDonalds
attempted to negotiate their worthless
bonds. It was Edminster who was
ready to perform any services his mas
ter commanded and it was he who be
came vice president of the McDonald
Company when that corporation stood
discredited and dishonored through the
failure of the Pacific Bank before the
people of Norfolk.
It is of interest and also of great im
portance for the depositors of the banks
to know the changes that were made in
the description of the property in the
deed from the McDonald Company to
R. H. McDonald. The correct descrip
tion has been given above. The dis
honest description as made in the deed
from the McDonald Company to Dr.
R. H. McDonald is as follows:
A FAKE DESCRIPTION.
Beginning at a noint in the south
easterly side of Market street distant
83 feet 4 inches southwesterly from the
southwesterly corner of said Market
street and said Sanchez street; thence
southwesterly along said line of Market
Continued on Third Page.2
SHERMAN CRINGED AND PLEADED TO BE SAVED FROM
IMPENDING FINANCIAL RUIN AND PERSONAL DISGRACE
Dreading Indictment by the Grand
Jury He Wished That He
Were Dead.
The Wrecker Said That the Los Angeles Railroad
Submitted to Blackmail to Save the
Two Banks.
In all but one of the concluding let
ters of M. H. Sherman to the managers
of the Pacific Bank and the People's
Home Savings Bank the arch-con
spirator discussed the great Los An
geles electric n>:nl and its distressed
condition during the existence of the
Pacific Bank. In these letters Sher
man himself admits the worthless char
acter uf the bonds which he had in
duced the McDonalds to accept. Not
only vrere the bonds of no practical
value, but the road itself was a con
stant drain upon the treasury of the
Pacific Bank. After Sherman had
built the railroad, he either cajoled or
forced the McDonalds to support it.
In one of his letters he frankly ad
mits that in a. period of ninety days
the railroad had paid out $20,000 more
than it had taken in. In another he
declared that the project had cost an
enormous sum of money, but having
been launched it would have been
suicidal to retreat. So much money
had been sunk into the scheme that
Sherman determined to get as much
more as he could and strive for success
In the very face of defeat.
During this period of threatening dis
aster the great conspirator claimed
that he was constantly at the mercy
of blackmailers and was forced to pay
them hush money to prevent an expose
that would have ruined not only the
road, but the banks. Sherman de
clared that he dreaded an investigation
whose object would be to discover
whether or not bribe money had been
paid to the City Council of Los Ange
les or the Legislature of this State. The
bank wrecker wished primarily to
avoid any public knowledge of the In
timate connection between the Pacific
Bank and the Los Angeles Electric
Railroad. The condition of the road
was such that if the bank were con
nected with the project it would be
most seriously injured in the financial
world* One of the most sensational
letters ever written by Sherman was
penned over an alias. When the south
ern schemer wrote he was in fear of
financial ruin and personal dishonor.
He believed that his enemies had sur
rounded him and were more powerful
:han he and he dreaded that the grand
iury of this city w ould make an honest
investigation of his affairs. Under the
stress of mental torment he pleaded
for mercy and assistance, cringing,, cry-
Ing and begging for aid in his distress.
SHERMAN'S BAREFACED ADMISSION
THAT HIS BONDS WERE USELESS.
"Jayhawker" again thrust his ag
gressive personality into the affairs of
Sherman, who thought Dick McDonald
might have been influenced by Wood
ird's talk. Fearing that such was the
?ase Sherman penned a long letter
Blackguarding Woodard and trying to
;onvince the McDonalds that he was
itill alive to their interests.
L. A., Thursday, a. m.
My Dear Friend: I thought that R.
H. Jr. did not seem quite as cordial
the other day when I visited S. F.. but
1 could not account for it in any other
way than by the fact that that man
Woodard had influenced him against
me. Still it does seem strange that a
nasty two-faced liar could have influ
ence over any one. 1 dread him as I
would a rattlesnake and don't want
to see him. I have a man in Phoenix
looking over the Phoenix water works
with a view to buying us all out and
turning $TH.o<yi in cash ovt-r to the Pa
cific Bank. Every day I keep trying
and thinking, and I- am trying to ma
ture a pian to help the Pacific Bank
get its $tJ6,000 out of the Valley street
railway bonds, and I am working all
the time. Very truly, M..H. S.
[. E. FARNUM CAUTIONED TO KEEP A
LARGE CASH BALANCE TO DECEIVE.
Sherman's next letter was written
from Sacramento on a letter-head of
2: C. Allen, adjutant general of the
State. Sherman deluded McDonald
aith more promises of an early dispo
tition of the Los Angeles Electric Rail
way bonds. The promises as a matter
it course were not kept. The crafty
jianipulator also writes that he had
:old J. E. Farnum to be sure and carry
arge ca.°h balances until the scare was
>ver. In closing Sherman did so with
i new touch of flattery. He said he
•vas sure that Dick would be Gover
aor some day and Dorn would be on
lis staff. The letter is as follows:
Thursday a. m.
My Dear Friend: As you will see I
am in good company. General xVllen
is an old Los Angeles friend. I tele
graphed F. V. from Sacramento that I
would go on to New York soon and
talk all over with him. If we can make
this go, then I do think we sheuld get
your bonds all sold within ninety days
thereafter, after full consolidation. If
you and self can *o manage it as to
put $600,000 in the vaults of the P. B.
ft will be is. grand feaitier in your cap
and in M. H.s too. Gcd teach us how.
God give us ivipdom is what I keep
saying all the time. lam awfully
worried over Woodard mixing up in
Riverside matters. r do S'j hope
there will be no i.reak there, for if
there is I fear the enemy will try to
mix us all up in it.
1 have just written a long letter to
Farnum telling him how very kind
and true you are to all of us, and ad
vising him to carry a big cash bal
ance all the time until the scare is
over. I tell him that if anything oc
curs in Riverside then the enemy will
try to put long and sensational arti
cles in newspapers south and try to
hurt Pacific Bank, etc., etc., and that
we must all stand by. In union there
is strength, and it is only by all pull
ing together us one. standing by each
other when the enemy gets us quar
reling among .ourselves, eh? that we
can win. Please tell D. S. that I was
sorry not to see him before' leaving-.
He is *' grand, noble, true fellow. You
will be Governor one of these days and
D. S. on your staff. Good-by.
M. H.
CHE GREAT MANIPULATOR WAS FEAR
FUL OF IMPENDING RUIN.
The next letter from Sherman was
written when the eccentric manipuia
.or realized himself that ruin was
staling the bank and the electric rail
way in the face. The pertinent parts
of the letter are as follows:
Friday.
My Dear F. V.: Your good letter at
hand. I thank you very much for it.
1 will try and be worthy of the high
compliment you pay me in it. 1 will
try to get to S. P. Will stay there one
day. See your brother, Mr. White, D.
S., Mr. McKee and the others. I un
derstand they blame me for not com
ing up there. Will' see what your
brother and D. S. think lirst. ' 'hicago
can keep us indefinitely, i. c., these
224 bonds from foreclosing. Please
think of this. I should have gone.
Very important that I go— a week ago,
but I did not dare leave here before,
fearing receiver certificate matter. It
might ruin us. Truly, M. H.
SHERMAN DECLARES THAT WOODARI
RECEIVED $1000 TO LEAVE THE
BANKS ALONE.
Woodard again appears in menacing
attitude in Sherman's next letter. Sher
man declares that "Jayhawker" had
received $1000 to keep his hands off the
Pacific Bunk, but that he was not
s.'iti.-fied and wanted more. Sherman
wrote to Dick and told the young
banker to beware of the newspaper
man. Excerpts from the letter are as
follows:
L'l _ Friday a. m.
My Dear Friend: By the way that
man Mr. W., Is. I am told, showing
around an envelope from the Pacific
Bank addressed to him, and claims to
have a letter from you. He has
claimed many other things, so I am
told. I never meet him. It is stated
that he has been to Spence's Bank and
advised him not to put any money in
the Pacific Bank or have anything to
do with it; that the P. B. is rotten,'
etc., etc. I understand he has been
to the other banks in town and talked
the same way. But if you will do
please not give him a chance to get
any black and white from the Pacific
Bank. Of course, I know you said
nothing, still 1 hate to have him have
! even aP. B. letter-head or envelope or
i a piece of paper with your name on it,
as he shows it around so. I am going
to try very hard and not have to meet
him.
... I am going to have Mr. Clark or
some one. else present to .hear all that
Is said. I don't propose that he go off'
and lie about any talks we have. ' I
will also try and be very kind and
■ pleasant to him; just as you paid to ?
me; but my judgment is that the best
thing is not to have anything in. do
with him in any way or notice him.
When he finds we have no fear or Use
for him he will quit and try and bleed
some other fellows who do fear him.
And depend upon it, he got $1000 in
cash out of this company, and the only
thing we asked of him was that he let
the S. F. banks alone, and he was
meaner than ever. He will take all we
will-give him and ask for -more. "I
told him plainly (language) that I did
not fear him, that I rather enjoyed
the lies he told of me (of course, I do
not, but I did not want to tell him so).
Well, I will do just as you say and
think best for me to do in all these
matters. He is such a liar. His talk
is laughable, eh? With kindest re
gards, I am, truly, , M. H. S. ;
THE LOS ANGELES SCHEMER ADMITTED
THAT HIS ROAD WAS LOSING i
MONEY.
When Sherman wrote again he indi
cated very clearly how badly the Los
Angeles e!ec,trlc road was situated and
how in ninety days it had paid out
$20,000 more than it had taken in. Ex
cerpts from the letter are as follows:
Friday night.
My Dear Friend: Boat has agreed
to see you in San Francisco and to get
you to make me come down with coin
and thus save both giving it, eh?
Really the company has no coin to
give. We have paid out during the
past ninety days fully $20,000 more
than we have taken in. It has only
been by the most awful trying that "i
have been enabled to keep from ask
ing you for money to help me with.
It is very, very hard. It takes such
courage. God only knows how I have
tried. I got $10,000 out of one man and
am working on others. There is a
glory and joy in trying; in seeing what
the Lord will bring out for us If we
try. Every day I think of you. Good
night. M. H.
"THE ROAD HAS COST US A FEARFUL
PILE OF MONEY."
In his next letter Sherman himself
showed the character of the crazy,
scheme into w-hich he had inveigled tha
McDonalds. He outlined the desperate
condition under which the Lob Angeles
road had been built and after hun
dreds of thousands of dollars had been
expended he declared that in some way
and in some time the road would come
out all right. This indefinite promise
must have been poor consolation to the
McDonalds. Excerpts from the letter
are as follows:
L. A., Saturday.
My Dear Friend: Referring to the
road here I know that no one has real
ized what we have had to contend
with. Nearly every wheel on all of the
large number of cars that the rolling
mills furnished us has had to be re
built. Nearly all of the machinery has
had to be replaced. And the electrical
appliances on the overhead work for
nearly thirty miles of trackage have
had to be ptit in new. I am not com
plaining; I am only giving you the sit
uation. Oh, how much money it takes;
bills, expense, pay out, pay. out. But
we hope the worst is over. We have
been thinking so for a long time. It
is no use to quarrel or to blame the
rolling mills. It Is done and we have
agreed with them to submit, and hav
ing so agreed we must stand by it,
eh? But it has cost us a fearful" pile
of money. Carload after carload of
wheels and Irons and machinery and
electrical apparatus have come in. It ■
would never have done to weaken or to
hesitate, for if the road once stopped
your bonds and every one's else would
have been Injured. No, It has taken a
tremendous amount of nerve here. Do
not worry F. V. about Los Angeles
because In some way somehow all will
come out O. K. Hurriedly, M. H.
WOODARD THREATENED TO HAVE THE
RAILROAD .SCHEMERS INDICTED.
"The vision -of a Grind Jury flashed
itself before the frightened brain of
Sherman and he wrote as follows:
Saturday, a. m.
My Dear Friend: Woodard is still
threatening. He threatens to find
some one who has a share of stock
or a bond to investigate us and find
out if there hns been a dollar of our
ttirtney spent with Legislatures or Ctty
Councils and to get every one of us
THE SAIN" FRA>s T CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, KOYEMBER 17, 1898.
THE GREAT BANK-WRECKER GAMBLED FOR SUCCESS,
In one of his letters written to Frank V. McDonald. M. H. Sherman admitted that
a tremendous sum of money had been sunk in the Los Angeles Electric Rail
road. Sherman, however, declared to the young banker that it would have
been useless to hesitate or turn back after so much money had been spent.
He, therefore, went deeper into the scheme and cotfld give no greater encour
agement than a hope that in some way and at some time everything would
come out all right. The letter in which this confidence of the gambler Is ex
pressed is given In fac simile above.
indicted by Grand Jury, etc., etc., etc.
He is a bad, a very bad man. Mr.
Crank I see every clay. He is very
kind and helps us in every way he can.
He is a very bright man and has a
pull here with so many people. Please
don't work too h;tnl. and please not
worry about anything here. All will
come out O. X., sure. "Woodard
threatens to go to San Francisco to
try and worry us and etc., etc.. until
he can get money. M. H. S.
"JAYHAWKER" DECLARED THAT HE
WOULD RUIN THEM ALL.
Woodard is still Sherman's theme in
the next letter. The eccentric but
crafty projector of the Los Angeles
road outlines to Frank McDonald what
purports to, be an alleged demand of
Woodard for $1400. Excerpts from the
letter are as follows:
My Dear friend: About 10 o'clock the
man who calls himself Colonel Wood
ard walked into my room and I had
two hours of about as strange a con
versation as I ever remember listen
ing to In my life. He uttered language
that our attorneys tell us is a pure
case of blackmail and that we can
have him arrested for such. He gave
us a very graphic account of his be
ing asked by Mr. Johns to call upon
you at the "bank and of your telling
him that you were in financial trouble
and that you need money very much
and that you had asked his aid and
assistance in selling bonds and said
that you told him if you could have
six months to get ready in you knew
you could weather the storm.
He told us of his wonderful influence
with Senator Fair and of the power he
had to ruin us all and intimated that
he would have stayed to accomplish
his dark design if you had not begged
him to leave town and return to L. A,
He told us that you had said I would
pay over this $1400 to him as soon as
he would come after it, and that he
had now come to get it.
1 hung on to my tongue in good
shape and looked him right in the eye
and told him that the street railway
was never in as fine financial condi
tion as to-day, that the road was pav
ing excellently, that we were fully
satisfied with everything and. that as
far as the San Francisco banks were
concerned, it seemed to me very
strange that you should make any
such statements, because I know you
have on hand over a million dollars
in cat^h on the Ist of July; that you
were carrying very large balances and
were in excellent condition. He looked
me right in the eve during the whole
conversation and had a most pleasing
and impressive manner, and if I had
not known what a bad and untruthful
man he is I would have really believed
he was talking the truth. Really I
never felt so humiliated in my life as
to hear a fellow like him talk so glibly
and tell BUch lies about people as he
ditl about us all. When he left the
room he seemed very pleasant, and yet
I suppose he will go away and talk
just as nasty aa ever. We thought
the wisest thing was for us to Tceep
our shirt on and do nothing at present
and to keep our business as private
as we could.
He plainly stated to me that if I
would not give him blood money that
he would give me trouble. I told him
that I had come on this coast twenty
years ago a poor boy and that during
these years I had paid my honest
debts, and if I had made mistakes I
was sorry for it and was going to
try to learn to do better, but that I
djd not see how giving him $1400 would
help matters. I am very truly,
M. H. SHERMAN.
Later— That dirty fellow Woodard
is here again, but T think we have
him coppered and so fixed that he
can't hurt. Mr. Johns did a lot toward
closing his mouth. Will explain when
I see you. Please show this, if you
please, to Mr. Johns.
SHERMAN'S GREAT SCHEME TO HOOD
WINK the McDonalds.
M. H. Sherman's sycophancy to the
McDonalds was never better illustrated
than in the letter that will follow.
Dick McDonald made every possible ef
fort to spy upon Sherman and to learn
just what was going on in the offices of
the Los Angeles Electric Railway Com
pany. Most of- these spies were in
collusion with Sherman and rendered
dishonest reports. A few men told the
truth, however, and among them was a
man named Perkes, who was commis
sioned by McDonald to go to Los An
geles and discover the condition of the
roads as a preliminary measure in a
scheme for floating the electric bonds
in London. Perkes was an able fellow
and reported to McDonald that the af
fairs of the electric railway were
wretchedly conducted and that Sher
man did everything in his power to
prevent any thorough investigation.
McDonald told Sherman what he had
heard and the latter penned a cringing
letter of untruths. Excerpts from the
epistle are ac follows:
Friday Noon.
My Dear Friend: I showed Mr.
Crank your beautiful kind letter
to me because I thought you would
like me to do so, because you said
some very nice things about me and
bcau.se I know he likes you. Mr. Crank
and I both agree that Mr. Perkes was
all wrong in the statement he made
to you. Both our books and cable
books are In perfect shape. I wrote
Mr. Perkes several letters of introduc
tion and paid for two telegrams to
Yuma for him to find out where Nor
ton was, etc., and Mr. Crank and my
self gave him several hours of our
time and showed him every courtesy In
our power, and he forgot to come back
and thank us or say good-by, and if he
said anything In San Francisco that Is
unpleasant we are very sorry. He
seemed a very pleasant gentleman, and
we certainly tried everything in our
power to do just as he wanted us to do,
but only there are certain facts with
regard to our company (i. c., what Us
earnings and expenses are and other
things of that nature) that Mr. Crank
and myself thought unwise to give
any one or to have peddled about un
less the party to whom we g.-tve them
we were sure meant business. You
may be very sure that any one who
comes here with a letter from your
self can command the whole time and
attention of us both to the full extent
of our ability.
I regret very much if a young gentle
man with whom we were much pleased
should go to San Francisco and
find any fault' with either of us and
If you have written anything to F. V.
that is unpleasant in this matter I do
wish you would pleaae be sure and set
us right on the proposition, because
none of us are to blame in any wet. I
thank you very much for your kind
letter, and we do not blame you at all
for what you have written about Mr.
Perkes, but thank you much for this
opportunity to make this explanation
which we could not have done unless
you had been kind enough to have let
us know, and we wanted you to know
that we stand ready to do everything
you wish us to do in every way. F. V.'s
letter was so nice and kind that I
thought you would like to have me
show that to Mr. Crank, which I did.
Mr. Crank is feeling very kindly to
ward everybody, and I think and he is
in a very powerful position, and one
where he can do us all a gr^at deal of
good or jb. great deal of harm. With
kindest regards, and thanking you
again for frankly telling about Mr.
BLACKMAIL WAS PAID TO SAVE THE BANKS.
Moses 11. Sherman admlta over his own signature that he submitted to the ex
tortion of JluOO, which was paid/ out of the treasury of the Los Angele3 E'ettj
trie Railroad. This money, he declares, was given to Colonel J. H. WoodanP
■with an understanding 1 that Woodard would not harass the Pacific Bank and
the People's Home Savings Bank by threatening: to expose their unsafe condi
tion. In a letter, part of which is given in fac simile above, Sherman declared
that Woodard was after more money and should not receive it.
Perkes and the other matter, etc., etc.,
lam very truly, M. H. SHERMAN.
THE ARCH-CONSPIRATOR CRINGED AND
BEGGED FOR MERCY IN THE DREAD
OF EXPOSURE.
Some of the letters of Moses H. Sher
man are of such a remarkable char
acter that one would hesitate to be
lieve that they were written by a sane
man if it -were not for the indubit
able evidences of penmanship and asso
ciation. Sherman. at all times was hys
terical and at all times supremely self
ish. He had worked himself into the
Pacific Bank by devious and dishonest
means. He had flattered the McDon
alds into a support of his; scheme and
had deceived into an acceptance of his
worthless securities in exchange for
hundreds of thousands of dollars of the
gold In the vaults of the Pacific Bank
and the People's Home Savings Bank.
For over five years Moses H. Sher
man had his clutch on these Institu
tions. Having led the deluded bankers
into his disastrous speculations and
chimerical projects he plotted still to
blind them to a realization of their des
perate condition and spent time and
money* ln the Eastern . States with no
other purpose than to deceive the Mc-
Donalds into a belief that he could float
the bonds he had foisted upon them.
When Sherman had failed in this he
returned to this city to corrupt if he
could the members of the Bank Com
mission and to use the enormous power
of, the Southern Pacific Company to
corrupt legislators. When the final
crash came he was still not satisfied.
' Through his manipulations and for
his. financial advantage he placed his
cousin, J. E. Farnum, In the defunct
Pacific Bank as manager, and he re
tained his own influence for evil in the
i People's Home Savings Bank. In
January, 1894, six months after the Pa
cific Bank had been ruined, Moses H.
Sherman was still at work in the banks.
Conditions had changed somewhat,
however, and the crafty manipulator,
who now enjoys the savings of thou
sands of depositors, saw himself on tne
verge of financial ruin and in • tne
shadow of criminal prosecution by > tne
Grand Jury of this city. He *T rfir ™ *
friend to assist him and to watch what
the Grand Jury was doing. In a *?
terical letter he declared ' that nis
enemies had surrounded him -ana ere
growing daily more powerful .In tneir
plot to ruin him. He declared that he
Had remained all day long crying and in
dred and he begged his friend to drop
every other business and to come im
mediately to his assistance. In tnis
remarkable letter which will follow
there are several obscure references
that require explanation. _.„„„_.,„
The epistle is signed by Sherman un
der the alias \of "Charles. .^^Fv "
the initial Z. occurs in the letter It has
reference to Charles O. Zlegenfuss .a
newspaper man o* this city, wh > v, as^in
the service of th/McDonalds for a rea
son that was not to "* nta^
financially. Wherever the initial R.
onel J. H. Woodard. This letter is as
follows: January 10, 1394. .\
are all there together. I am convinced
•that there Is .something x deeper and \
beyond anything you or I kn°wan£
thinir about. I know that w. ana /..
are Ireat friends. They are the ones,
t think who captured Johns. I have
■no inwilinoward any of them. The ,
: "act" Is I feel humble and • heartsick .: ■
and discouraged. I have tried so long
to do something, working struggling. ,
l doing everything that I': could for £
S every one, and really the future. never. 1
! • looked so dark to me , as -it does to- 1;
• day. I need a little money very, very
much; I must get this settlement
through; it looks to me now that they
had a plan laid deeper and beyond
anything you and myself know any
thing about.
A plan not to do anything for me at
all. but to ruin mt. I know that you
are not a party to any such knowl
edge. More and more, day by day, I
have watched you and found you true
to me and found you trying to help
me. These people are in command
again. They seem to have everything
their own way again. I ajn trying to
work with them. I am trying to be
true to them; are they true to me?
God teach me what to do. It seems
that I must see you and talk this mat
ter all over. Can you not capture
things for me? Cannot you give up
everything else for a little while and
get my matter closed up for me? I
have juat rung up R— on the tele
phone and he has promised to come
over here this evening and see me. I
don't know whether it is wise to talk
to him or not. and when he comes I
hardly know what to say to him. Oh,
that God would tell me what to do.
and oh, that I had some powerful
friend to help me.
You are powerful and you are wise,
but you have so many cares of your
own that you cannot work all the
time for me, and yet when one thinks
of it, here I have been trying for near
ly seven months to get certain things
done and I have really accomplished
nothing. I have worked very hard,
wasting time and money, and I have
not accomplished one thing up to this
date. Am I going to be defeated and
ruined? Oh, T wish you would come
and comfort me a little. Do you know
what was done by those nineteen peo
ple this afternoon? I have not been
able to hear a thing from them. I have
been lying here in bed crying. I have
felt so heartsick and discouraged that
I wished I were dead. Will you please
send me some word? Will you please
turn in and help me all you can to
morrow? CHARLES.
To-morrow morning The Call will con
tinue its expose of the true history of
the Pacific Bank and the People's
Home Savings Bank. For the first
time publicity will be given to the in
side facts of another gigantic specula
tion in which the deluded bankers in
volved themselves and in which they
sank between three hundred thousand
and four hundred thousand dollars.
CAPTAIN NEVILLS ON
THE WITNESS STAND
BEGINS HIS STORY IN THE EX-
TORTION CASE.
Azhderian Wanted to Hire Thomas
Dolan to Assassinat: the
Wealthy Mining
Operator.
A few small sensations crept Into the
trial of Grace Loose, Elsie William? and
Myron H. Azhderian, charged by C#ptaln
Nevills with extortion, yesterday. Jlevills
appeared In court at the opening- of the
morning session and In the atyjrnoon,
much to the delight of the curiqhs, took
the stand against the accused. >
Dr. Winslow Anderson was he first
witness called at the opening qr the sec
ond day's proceedings. He testified that
he attended Captain Nevillayduring his
Illness the first of the year.Mnd at one
time saw Nevills draw a ctyck in favor
of Elsie Williams. Charles H. K. Smith,
George W. Taft and Christine Valder
were called in the order ntmed. and all
stated that they had heardAzhderian say
he would make Nevills piy for abusing
him when he (Azhderianjf waa employed
at the complainant'a vikeyards.
Then Thomas Dolan/ took the stand
and surprised the court And jury by stat
ing that Azhderian ha# approached him
and offered him $15,000/o put Nevills out
of the way, to murd^ 1 him, in other
words. The witness shuddered at the
proposition, and fearm that unless he did
as Azhderian request** he would be foully
dealt with he left Frfsno for other lands.
/
Captain NeviHs' name was next oatfed
by the clerk, and he ascended to the wit
ness chair to tell his story. He told, about
meeting Mrs. Williams when she was a
typewriter in the Palace Hotel, and how
he had called upon her subsequently at
her home and on a few occasions he had
remained over night. Attorney Georg<?
W. Baker, on behalf of the defendants,
then endeavored to establish more fully
the relations that had existed between
Kevins and Elsie Williams, but was met
with a storm of objections from the prose
cution. To this Attorney Baker answered:
"I intend to prove that Captain Nevllls
has been living with Elsie Williams for
four years and that this money alleged to
have been extorted from the complainant
was simply paid by Nevills to this de
fendant to in a measure compensate her
for a great wr^ng he had done her. I
also intend to prove that Nevills seduced
Mrs. Williams under promise of mar
riage; that he promised her he would get
a divorce from his wife and marry her.
and in event he could not got the divorce
he would care for her and compensate
her for the sinful life he had led her to
lead.
T NNt° tw |t h standins: the intent of counsel
Judge Cook sustained the objection and
the case proceeded.
A letter purporting to have been writ
ten by Nevllls to Mrs. Williams, in a
measure corroborating Baker's state
ments, it is said, was next produced, but
the court ordered an adjournment until
this morning at which time it will" be read.
DOES NOT KNOW
MAGNETIC COURSES
SO TESTIFIED PILOT McNEIL OF
THE PETERS.
Official Investigation Into the Recent
Bay Collision Will Be Con
cluded To-Day.
The main incident of the investigation
into the Peters-Czarina bay disaster yes
terday morning was the startling admis
sion by Pilot McNeil of the Peters that
he was ignorant of the magnetic courses
as laid down by the chart; and woold
have to refresh his memory in that' re
gard by reference thereto. In reply to a
question by Inspector Bolles as to Vhat
course he was steering from his wharf to
Angel Island on the night of the disas
ter he answered northwest one-quarter
north.
"Was that the correct magnetic
course?" asked Captain Bolles.
' "It was the proper course on the Pet
ers," replied McNeil.
On ' Captain Bolles demanding a direct
reply to his question, McNeil would not
admit that It was correct and reluctantly
confessed that he did not know the
courses by heart, and that he steered by
time and according to variations.
When asked what he did in case of fogs
he said that if he made a mistake ha
would back and try it over again. . .
A suppressed titter went around the
room when McNeil spoke of a ship's quar
ter being on her bow, and Bolles said,
"tnat Is a new one on me. I always,
thought it was on the stern."
When Bulger asked if McNeil had blown
' one whistle when he first saw the lights
of the approaching vessel and then port-,
ed his helm would he not have had the
waters between Angel Island and ' the'
Berkeley shore to navigate his steamer,
he answered yes, but would have crossed
the Czarina's bow by so doing.
A little tilt occurred between Inspector".
Bulger and Superintendent Corcoran
when Corcoran charged Bulger, with ask
ing questions which he had read in. the
newspapers as coming from ie Coroner's
inquest. This Bulger strenuously denied,
and on reading the record it was found,
that Bulger was in the right and Cor
coran apologized. . -
The first witness called was Joseph
York, lamptrlmmer on. the Czarina, wlip.
testified he had lighted the side and mast
! head lights and placed them in position at
! sundown. Corcoran tried to show that the
headlight was run up unlighted, It being
intended to lower and light it at sundown.
This the witness emphatically denied.
Corcoran said a number witnesses had
testified that the masthead light was not;
I burning until the vessels came, together..
Inspector Bolles said such was hot the
i case Captain Holdsworth had stated.
►that' he simply did. not see the^headU^ht^
1 till the vessels struck. ~ .' .-._..-. „..„
An argument between Corcoran and At
i torney Frank as to whether the first afii-r,
cer was on board the Czarina or ■ not was.
cut short by Inspector Bailee, who stated
that Captain Seaman, a licensed man, was
in charge of the Czarina on the evening*
° John wK^^rtermaster of the Czdr,
ma said that he was at the wheel when
the vessels sighted each other, and that
after his vessel had blown one whistle.
Captain Seaman had ordered him to Port,
his helm which he did and kept it there
until after the collision. _v.
Waldemar Marzan, lookout on the Czar
ina reported a red and green light on the
nor't bow. The Czarina blew one whistle
and the Peters answered with one. Then
the Czarina, atrain blew one and the
Peters two, and then she steered straight
for the Czarina. His evidence went to
show that the Peters started to go to
starboard by porting her helm and then'
changed her course almost simulta
neously. . . '■ ■'."•■- .. _ :-„
Edwin Hansen, second assistant en
gineer of the Czarina, was standing at his
throttle when the bells were rung- for full
speed astern. He said the engine made,
thirty-seven revolutions before the col
lision. . . . .
Superintendent Corcoran wished to .put
Captain Seaman of the Czarina on the
stand Immediately to question him about
the courses, bo that no opportunity -would
be given him to refresh his memory by
consulting the chart. Captain Seaman
was perfectly willing to testify then and
there, but after some discussion the in
vestigation went over until this morning.
SUICIDE OF A PATIENT.
William D. Edwards Drowned ; Him
self in the Cistern of the '_;:'
McLean Hospital. ._ _
"William D. Edwards, a patient ;in the
McLean Hospital, , found, death and re-.
lief from lingering pain by drowning him
self yesterday : in a large cistern which
supplies water for the hospital. The cis
tern has a capacity of 300,000 gallons and
is surrounded vith an embankment and a.
barbed wire fence. . : ■ ■ ■
Edwards was a miner about 56 years old.
and came to' this city from Placerville to
be treated for consumption. About a
week ago be attempted suicide by cutting
his throat, but the cut was superficial
and he was disarmed by the attendants,
before he could finish the work of self
destruction. Yesterday he sent the at
tendant out to get him a cigar, and when
the attendant was out of the way the
demen:ed man went to the reservoir,.
climbfd the barbed wire fence sand
plunged in. The body was grappled for'
and recovered. ■ ■ .- • - i •
Tre dead man was divorced and has a
son named William S. Edwards. ■ The bofly
w»s taken to. the Morgue and an Inquest
w"il be held. . ?; ;^^v , . ;.
/ ' — ■ ♦ » —
There's a New Boxer in Town.
Andy King of Anaconda. Mont., is the
latest addition to the ranks of the boxers
in this city. He seeks a match with any
man in the 118 pound class. As a guar
antee of his speed and cleverness he
points to a meeting with Eddie Santry of
Chicago. They were scheduled to go
twenty rounds before a club in Deer
Lodge, Mont., last November. King put
Santry out in the third round. Santry is
the man who was reported as matched
with clever George Dixon recently. W.
J Kennedy of the Olympic Club is inter
esting himself in procuring a match for
King.
Sues for the Scenery.
L. Samuels filed suit yesterday againsi
Rose Dolan to recover possession of a lot
of scenery at one time used in the Grove
street Theater. The plaintiff alleges that
the defendant has illegally appropriated
the scenery and asks the court In event
he cannot be placed in possession again
to give him Judgment against the defend
ant for the sum of $1500.
Hale & Norcross Case.
Judge Hebbard made an order yester
day granting J. J. Groom, receiver of the
Hale and Norcross Company, $5000, and
Attorney Eickhoff, the receiver's attor
ney, $6000 as fees for their services. Judge
Hebbard said that further compensation
would be allowed the receiver and his
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If it fails to euro
26c. The genuine fc^ l. b. q, on eacb tablet.SOUND-MONEY LEAGUERS
HOLD TWO CONFERENCES
Discuss tY)e Line of £3ctior) to Be Pursued in Se
curing t\)e Early Passage of a Cur
rency Reform Bill.
KEVT YORK, Nov. 16. — A meeting of the executive committee oi the National Sound Money League was
held here to-day. The following members were present: M. E. Ir.gals of Cincinnati, chairman; J. C. Crow of
Baltimore, Henry Hentz of New York and E. V. Smalley of St. Paul, general secretary.
Most of the session was occupied in talk upon the significance of the results of the election. Congress
man Fowler of New Jersey attended the meeting and gave it as his opinion that it would be good policy to
let the currency reform bill of the House Banking Committee remain without legislation at the coming short
session, for the reason that It can not be got through the Senate. He thought that the President should
be urged to call an extra session of the new Congress to convene in the spring for the enactment of the gold
standard Into a statute law and for the adoption of legislation for the credit of the currency of the country.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Nov. 16.— The advisability of an extra session of Congress next March for the pur
pose of considering among other questions, what is knowr as the McCleary bill, a monetary measure, was
discussed to-day at a conference between Henry C. Paine, National Republican committeeman from Wiscon
sin, and H. H. Hanna of Indianapolis, chairman of the National Sound Money League. In regard to the
matter Mr. Payne said:
"Mr. Hanna came here to consult with me on the line of action to be taken in the movement to bring
about the passage of a bill for currency reform. Thrre is no doubt that steps will be taken to bring about
currency reform, and it is expected that a special session of Congress, to open on March 4 next, will be held.
The currency bill will be included in the call, in all probability. The plan Is to take up what is known as the
McCleary bill. It is intended also to keep up the work in behalf of sound money through the league organiza
tion.
PROPERTY OF
IS SEIZED
Continued from First Page.
street 25 feet S inches: thence south
easterly and at right angles thereto 110
feet: thence northeasterly and parallel
•with paid street 14 feot 11% inches to
th«» westerly side of Sanchez street;
thence northerly along paid Sanchez
street IS feet 5^2 inches: thence north
westerly and at right angles to Market
street J>7 feet fi inches, to the point or
piaoe of beginning.
There is also a discrepancy in the de
scription of the first piece of property,
it being described as commencing 111
feet 3 inches from Sanchez street in
stead of 113 fp<n. The deed of "The Mc-
Donald Company" to Dr. R. H. McDon
ald was acknowledged on September 4,
1893, by Charles E. Puttfarcken. as act-
Ing secretary of the McDonald Com
pany, before Thomas B. Clifford, com
missioner of deeds in New York for
California. On September 7, 1893, the
transfer was acknowledged by Frank S.
Edminster, vice president, and Charles
E. Puttfarcken, acting secretary, be
fore Charles Edgar Mills, commissioner
of deeds for California, in the State of
New York. On September 15, 1893, at :
44 minutps past 2 o'clock p. m., the deed \
was recorded in volume 157S of deeds, I
page 233, in the Recorder's office of this
city. The first transfer from Dr. R. H.
McDonald to the McDonald Company
Is recorded in volume 1573 of deeds,
pace 122, In the Hall of Records in this
city Every stage of this dishonest
transfer of the Market street property
and the circumstances involved in each
step have Leen minutely described.
STILL ANOTHER TRANS-
FER.
As already indicated, however, Dr.
McDonald made a second transfer in
order that he might more thoroughly
deceive his creditors. It was his In
tention to make still another deed, and
he did so, transferring his property, but
still retaining his ownership, to an
other person. He did not dare trust
Edminster, for a double reason. In the
first place Edminster was too well
known in connection with McDonald
affairs. In tho second place, the old
Vinegar Bitter? bookkeeper had shown
signs of rebellion, and Dr. McDonald
did not flare trust him too far. It was
out of the question to place the prop
erty in the name of any member of the
McDonald family, as serious complica
tions, which will be thoroughly ex
ploited in The Call, had already re
sulted from such a policy.
Dr. McDonald decided, therefore, to
transfer his property to a man whom
the public would no- readily recognize
as one of his associates.
This man is Horace W. Carpentier,
whose name is known Irom one end of
California to the other us one of the
shrewdest and craftiest manipulators
that over operated in Cal:fornia. The
Market street property no\- stands in
the name of Horace "W. Carpentier, who
is simply a figure-head and a deceiving
agent of Dr. McDonald's and a dummy
representative employed by the old
financier to cheat the creditors of the
defunct banks. Carpentier does not
own the Market street property, ;ig the
facts published this morning ci^arly
demonstrate. The land is simply ij his
name and has been in his name for
years simply for the purposes of fraid.
Even a casual inspection of the rec
ords, independent of the expose of it
eide facts which The Call gives thh |
morning, will demonstrate that fact. '
The records show that on September S,
1893, four days after "The McDonald
Company" transferred the Market
street property to Dr. R. H. McDonald,
the latter deeded the land to Horace
W. Carpentier. It needs no comment or
discussion to show that the first trans
fer was made simply to make the sec
ond possible. The deed ia signed by
Richard H. McDonald and was ac
knrrwledged September 8, 1893 before
Charles Edgar Mills, commissioner of
deeds of New York for California and
was recorded in this city on September
15. 1893, at 45 minutes past 2 o'clock
p m., in volume 1578 of deeds, page
258.
One of the most significant evidences
of fraud in all of these transfers and
]egal deceptions is the fact that one
minute after the deed from "The Me
Donald Company" to R. H. McDonald
was recorded the deed from the old
banker to Horace W. Carpentier was
placed on record. The first record was
made 44 minutes after 2 o'clock on Sep
tember 15, 1893, and the second at 46
minutes after the same hour of the
same day.
Dr. R. H. McDonald deeded this
Market street property to Horace W.
Carpentler "in consideration of $10 and
other valuable consideration. ' This
" Special Dispatch to The Call.
! consideration worded as it •- is most
peculiar. That part which reads "and
• other valuable consideration" means
: simply that Carpentier agreed to hold
: thf property for Dr. R. H. McDonald,
! and he holds it still under that agree
ment. This in outline is the history of
the transactions that have kept from
the robbed depositors of the ?~cDonald
banks something that rightfully be
longs to them. For six years every ef
fort has been made without avail by
creditors in this city to levy upon some
property of Dr. McDonald. When The
Call began its expose of the scoundrels
who ruined the Pacific Bank a promise
was given that something of material
advantage other than the exposure of
rascals would be given to the public.
In showing that here in San Francisco
is a very valuable piece of property
that belongs to the creditors of the Mc-
Donald banks ihe Call has kept its
promise. It has traced the series of
dishonest transactions through which
Horace W. Carpentier obtained nomi
nal possession of this property-.
At the proper time, after neces
sary investigations have been com
pleted, The Call will show wnere
there is property belonging to Dr.
McDonald and valued at half a mil
lion dollars that may be levied upon
by the creditors of the banks and
recover to them in partial restitution.
CARPENTIER'S
LIFE HISTORY.
Remarkable Record
of R. H. McDon-
ald's Agent.
OAKLAND, Nov. 16.— The central fig
ure in the early history of Oakland was
Horace W. Carpentier. He was its first
Mayor, but prior to his election to that
office he had laid the foundation for
more than a generation of legislation
and litigation by acquiring the immense
water front of this city.
In 1851 Carpentier made his appear
ance in Oakland. He came from San
Francisco, where he had been practic-
ing law — and with him came A. J. Moon
and Edson Adams, a triumvirate whose
influence on the city that has since
grown up is manifest to this day. At
that time the San Antonio redwoods
were resounding to the noise of hun
dreds of axes and tens of sawmills and
pits. These men saw at once that an
immense fortune could easily be made
by acquiring vast tracts of land. They
started in to acquire it and were so
successful that they soon "owned the
j town"— not figuratively but literally.
Moon and Adams have long since gone
to their last account. Carpentier soon
went into business and on August 4,
1851, it is recorded that the Court of
Sessions of Contra Costa (now Ala
meda) County granted a license to H.
W. Carpentier and A. Moon to run a
ferry "from Contra Costa in the
Township of San Antonio to the city
of San Francisco," the tariff being fixed
as follows:
For one person. $1; for one horse, $8:
for one wagon, $3; for one two-horse
wagon, $5; for neat cattle, per head, $3;
for each hundredweight, 50 cents; for each
sheep, $1; for each hog, $1.
This little ferry which was the first
transportation monopoly in the State
was such a success that Mr. Carpen
tler decided to have another monopoly.
He sent to the court the following
proposition:
COUNTY OF ALAMEDA, June 6, 1853.
I hereby propose to complete the bridge
across the creek known as San Antonio
slough, opposite the residence of Messrs.
Patton, on the following terms: The
bridge shall be commenced forthwith and
finished with expedition. I will charge
and receive to my own use tolls at the
following rates, to wit: Each footman. 12
cents: horses, cattle, etc., each 25 cents:
vehicle drawn by one or two animals, 50
cents, and other things in like proportion.
Said bridge shall be free from taxation
or assessment. I will surrender said
bridge to the county, to be made a free ■
■ ridge and to be used only as a bridge, at I
fcny time within twelve months > n their !
payment to me of the original cost of its i
construction, together with Interest there- I
on at 3 per cent per month. It shall be j
finished from bank to bank. This proposi
tion to be binding on its acceptance by
the Court of Sessions of Contra Costa
Couity. H. W. CARPENTIER. I
Thh proposition was accepted, and
the first Twelfth-street bridge was
built.
The* two monopolies had a twist
like efftct on Carpentier, and he longed
to own \he harbor as he practically did
the town To do this it would be neces
sary tha the Legislature pass a bill
allowing rtie incorporation of the town
of Oaklam'. Carpentier, as an Assem
biyman, would have no difficulty in
getting such a bill passed, so he set
about having himself elected to the
Legislature. The election was held on
March 26, 18(3. and the returns should
niake a modern political manipulator
biush.
The candidates were Horace W. Car
rentier of Oakland, Robert S. Farrelly
of "SquattervilW or San Lorenzo, and
B. R. Holliday <>f Martinez. The elec
tion was subseqvently contested In the
Assembly, but it shows, not only an
Idea of what tho voting strength of
the district was then, but also throws
light upon the manner in which elec-
Mons were carrltd on. The highest
•.umber of votes were polled by Mr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1898.
Carpentier, against which Mr. Farrel
ly protested on the ground of fraud
upon which plaint a certificate of elec
tion was refused to Mr. Carpentier by
the County Clerk, and the matter
handed over to be unraveled by the
committee on elections of the Legisla
ture. Mr. Carpentier' claimed 519 votes.
Mr. Farrelly 254 and Mr. Holliday 192
thus showing a majority of 73 votes in
favor of the first named.
S. J. Clark, attorney for Mr. Farrelly,
presented various grounds of objection,
and forcibly signified fraud on the part
of Mr. Carpentier, as well as collusion
on the part of the Board of Judges, in
spectors and clerks of Contra Costa and
Oakland Township. In the examination
it was ascertained that the whole num
ber of votes cast in the township was
377, while, according to the testimony
of the agent who took the census of the
township but ten short weeks beforte,
there were only 130 votes within its
limits— a rather unprecedented influx
of people in so limited a space of time.
It was also declared that it took al
most two hours to count the Carpentier
tickets, which lay in a compact yellow
mass at the top of the box, ere any
white ones, representing Farrelly. were
reached, and yet three of the last voters
who cast their ballots at sundown
swore positively that they had voted
white tickets for Farrelly. An affida
vit was made by a man named Ford
that he crossed on the ferry boat to
San Francisco on the day of the elec
tion and there found a man called Oil
man who said he had thirty-seveen
workmen for his bridge on board and
was arranging for their fare. These
men, or some of them. Ford afterward
recognized voting at the polls, while n<=
heard one of them say that he had
voted seven times.
The Board of Supervisors of Contra
Costa County, however, took the view
that Mr. Carpentier was duly elected
and made affidavits to that end, and a
majority of four to six of the Commit
tee on Elections were of the like opin
ion, and reported in favor of his taking
his seat, in which he was duly con
firmed, and sworn in April 11, 1853.
Carpentier had at this time a friend
in the well known David '?. Broderirk,
through whose influence he obtained
the position of enrollir- clerk of the
Senate, which enabled him to advance
various schemes, among others the in
corporation of the town of Oakland
which took pip-" in 1852. The first
Board of Trustees consisted of A. W.
Burrell. A. J. Moon, Edson Adams, A
Marrier and H. W. Carpentier. The
latter, however, did not qualify. Be
longing to the town were about 10,000
acres of overflowed land known as the
water front. In consideration of build
ing a small schoolhouse and erecting a
wharf the whole of this magnificent
property was bartered away to Car
pentier by his associates.
It is only right to mention, however,
that the incorporation of the town was
an act unknown to the rest of the
squatters, who woke up one morning to
find that such an act had been passed.
The Governor (Bigler) was warned not
to sign the bill, and he at first refused
to do so, but like many other func
tionaries, arguments more convincing
than words were found to prevail with
him and he changed his mind in the
matter.
Marrier was president of the Board
of Town Trustees, and'at first refused
to sign the deed. Carpentier told him
that he only wanted to hold the land
in trust for the town, so that a succeed
ing board could not make another dis
position.
It is to be remembered that all this
time not an individual any more than
the sham town government had a right
to a single acre of the land. Other par
ties wen? negotiating with the rightful
owner for the purchase of it, and in
case they succeeded the whole plot
might be broken up. This was the ar
gument used by Carpentier to Marrier,
when he finally consented to sign the
deed, the former solemnly promising
him that he would deed back the prop
erty to the town so soon as all danger
was passed. Carpentier forgot to do
this, and there is in existence an affi
davit of Andrew Marrier. who died
years ago, solemnly affirming this
statement.
March 25, 1854, Oakland was incorpo
rated as a city, and Horace W. Carpen
tier was elected its first Mayor, by the
same tactics as he had invariably pur
sued in all his undertakings. Three hun
dred and sixty-eight votes were cast
at this election, but votes, then, were
no indication of the number of settlers,
and it is certain that there was no such
number of legal voters in the town.
The Council elected in 1854 was "anti-
Carpentier," and caused proceedings to
be instituted to recover the water front
— the giving away of which was, no
doubt, a deep laid plot in the first place,
concocted by Carnentler when he in
corporated the place into a town. The
litigation which followed was persistent
but unavailing.
It has been frequently said that Car
pentier did not know the value of the
j water front and that he was unaware
of the magnitude of what he was do
ing. This is not true, for immediately
after the signing of the deed Carpen
tier sold one-quarter of the water front
to E. R. Carpentier for $2850, and
in August, 1854. while Mayor of this
city, he sold the remainder to Harriet
N. Carpentier for $60,000. In August.
1855, John B. Watson sold the entire
water front to Harriet Carpentier.
though how it passed into the hands of
Watson is a profound mystery, as
there is no record to divulge the secret.
In March, 1868, there sprung into ex
istence the celebrated Water Front
Company. Carpentier, at this time, had
again secured the ownership of the
water front and organized a company
of which the officers were H. W. Car
pentier, president; Lloyd Tevis, treas
urer; E. H. Miller, secretary; Leland
Stanford, John B. Felton and Samuel
Merritt.
Then began that long fight in the
Legislature and the courts for the pos
session of the water front. It is now
valued at $11,000,000 and the final stage
DEMANDS TEMPLE'S RELEASE.
State Department's N:te to
the Mexican Govern
■ Bit
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— At
the instance of the Governor of
Arizona the State Department
to-day instructed United States
Minister Clayton, at the City of
Mexico, to demand the surrender,
under extradition proceedings, of
Temple, the American railroad
conductor-, who is held under ar
rest by the Mexicans near No
gales on a charge of killing a
Mexican in the United States. If
the Mexican Government con
cedes the justice of this demand,
which is not doubted, Temple
will be tried in the United States
and once more the principle
of extra territorial jurisdiction
claimed by Mexico will have es
caped a test issue, although our
Government is on record as hav
ing by its demand for Temple's
release repudiated that principle.
of the litigation is now in progress in
Judge Oguen's courtroom. When the
case is linished the successors to Car
pentier will have aoout $fc,000,000 worth
of the whole.
The methods employed by Carpentier
in divesting Don Domingo Peralta of
his vast possessions in what is now
Oakland, and how he acquired title to
these lands, are best shown by the testi
mony of the old Castilian Peralta,
given over thirty years ago in the
United States District Court before
Judge Hoffman in a suit brought by
Peralta for the purpose of setting aside
certain deeds executed and delivered to
Carpentier.
Peralta was illiterate, and aside from
the sweet-accented Castilian tongue, he
had no language to express his
thoughts. He was all too kind-hearted
and an easy prey for the keen ingenuity
and legal skill of the unscrupulous Car
pentier, who was as well versed in the
Spanish and Latin languages as in the
vernacular. Moreover, he was pos
sessed of dramatic talent of no
mediocre degree, and, according to Do
mingo ,Peralta's testimony — if some of
his present living acquaintances re
member rightly — Carpentier had im
pressed him with the idea that at one
time he had been a priest.
Mr. Carpentier, furthermore, agreed
to set apart an evening when he would
visit the casa Peralta and in the family
circle, recite the rosary, and in other
ways offer up supplications. The even
ing came and with it Carpentier.
As "Father" Carpentier knelt upon
the rustic floor, surrounded by Don and
Donna Peralta, their sons, Senors Ra
mon, Louis and Miguel, and their two
I daughters. Donna Peralta requested j
1 Louis to step to her room and bring i
j fc-rth a soft cushion upon which the
"priest" might secure more comfort for
his knees. At this act of kindly con- j
sideration Carpentier became indig- }
nant. He arose in dignity, and, snatch- !
i ing the pillow, cast it aside, proclaiming ;
I that "the floor of Don Domingo Per- !
alta's home is good enough for any
good Christian to kneel upon."
Because of these and many other j
similar traits of true Christian spirit 1
Don Domingo held implicit confidence '
in Carpentier. He made the feigning
"priest" his confidential agent, and !
when he signed the deeds — as best he j
could — conveying: to Carpentier nearly j
the whole of Peralta grant from the es- !
tuary of San Antonio to the east shore j
of the bay, he believed and was led to !
believe that he was simply signing I
some power of attorney or other docu
ment granting to his friend a certain
necessary authority in connection with
the transaction of his business.
Thus Don Domingo lost the posses
sions which his aged father once
standing on the tor> of one of the
Contra Costa hills pointed out to him
as his legacy, and even to this day
when Louis Peralta, Domingo's son,
traverses Oakland he is often
prompted almost to ask permission to
walk through the streets of the city
which once his father owned and which
he claims was taker, from him by fraud.
These facts are still fresh in the mem
ory of Pontio Garcia, who still lives at
Temescal, and who was Doming-o's
brother-in-law, and a cousin of the
famous Three-fingered Jack. Victor
Castro, one of the oldest Castilians re
siding in this county, and still living
beyond Berkeley, remembers the inci
dents, and they have been frequently
retold by Louis Peralta.
About twenty years ago H. W. Car
pentier shook the dust of Oakland from
his feet and with his riches went to
New York, where he has since resided.
He was in this State in August, 1893,
and was subpenaed, to make a deposi
tion in the cases on trial in the Circuit
Court over the Broadway riots. He
became very impatient and went East
before the deposition was completed,
vowing he would never return.
He owns a fine house on Third
street, but it is rented for a nominal
sum merely to keep it in repair, there
being an idea prevalent that he might
some day return and close his career
amid the scenes of his many ventures.
The little schoolhouse given by Carpen
tier to the city is still standing. It is
to be found at Third and Market
streets, a positive monument to the
most gigantic fraud ever planned and I
carried out in this State, and beside
which the wrecking of the Pacific Bank
is but a triviality.
JAMES T. MURPHY DEAD.
Succumbs to Heart Disease at a San
Jose Hotel.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 16.— James T. Murphy,
one of the best known residents of Santa
Clara County, died at the Lamolle House
this morning about 8 o'clock of heart
trouble. He had been ill several days, but
death was not expected. He was born In
this county forty-six years ago. De
ceaspd was the youngest son of the late
Martin Murphy and brother of B. D. and
P. W. Murphy and -Jrs. N. G. Argues
and Mrs. J. R. Carroll of San Francisco.
At the death of his father he came into a
large fortune. A wife from whom he sep
arated some years ago and a daughter,
Mrs. D. Chapman, survive him. Murphy
was one of the first Board of Bank Com
missioners appointed under the new con
stitution.
FATHER HECKER'S BOOK.
Commission of Cardinals to Examine
the Work.
LONDON. Nov. 17.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Morning Post says:
The Pope has stopped all proceedings
by the congregation of the Index against
Father Hecker's book, and has appointed
a commission of Cardinals to report upon
the work. This is regarded as a step
toward the settlement of a religious con
flict which has threatened seriously to
disturb the relations between the "Vati
can and the American Catholics.
Patrick Whalen Dies at Castroville.
SALINAS. Nov. 16— Patrick Whalen. a
pioneer resident of Monterey County, died
at Castrovllie this afternoon, aged 89
years. Deceased came to California dur
ing the fifties and has resided in the
county over forty years. He was a prom
inent rancher and in comfortable circum
stances. He leaves two sons and two
daughters, all over 45. One daughter is the
wlf© of Supervisor Jordan.
Suicide at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 16.— The body of
a man, supposed to be that of William
Hilton, an oil producer of this city, was
found on the beach at Long Beach to
day. He had evidently committed sul
AGREEMENT REACHED AS TO
DATE OF CUBAN EVACUATION
Commissioos Coofer at Fjavaoa and Decide That
Spanish Rule oq the Islar)d Shall End
oq January First.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Cuba, Nov. 16. — As predicted in my cable dispatches to the Herald and Call would be the case,
the American and Spanish commissions came to a full agreement at their joint session this morning regard
ing the date of evacuation which will be January 1.
The commissions took precedent from the treaty of peace entered into fifty years ago between Mexico
and the United States, when an agreement was made as to the date for American occupation to cease. Then,
as now, it was known that all troops could not be embarked by the date agreed upon. Theoretically Spanish
occupation will cease by January 1. though it is believed that 25.000 troops will still remain in Cuba. These
men will continue to occupy their barracks until they leave for the peninsula.
It was further agreed to-day that all arms save those in position shall be returned to Spain. There yet
remains to be settled the right of Spain to sell the bronze cannon and to have pay for public buildings on
the island. 1
After to-day's session the two commissions lunched together, expressing the greatest good will for
each other.
Stories are current here In Spanish circles that the Cubans at Mariano, in Pinar del Rio, and at other
camps are burvin»* arms and ammunition for the purpose of providing for possible differences with the Ameri
cans. It is stated that these arms are being stored in secret hiding places until a definite declaration of
policy is made by the American Government, but as reports are numerous and are widely circulated I give
them for what they are worth.
The Snyder Steamship Company will run weekly line steamers to Mobile and Havana, with other north
ern ports, from January 1.
cide by taking poison while temporarily
insane. An inquest will be held to-mor
row.
HARROWING NEWS
FROM THE ORIENT
Horrors of the Yellow River Floods.
Hundreds of Livei Lost
by Fire.
VANCOUVER, Nov. 16.— The Royal
Mail steamship Empress of China
arrived this morning from Yokohama
and Hongkong. Hongkong advices
say: The appalling misery caused by
the Yellow River floods is even in its
bare recital harrowing in the extreme.
One of the missionaries engaged in re-
! lief work states that in one of the dis*
triets many were standing in the water
for days holding their children out of
it The same writer says:
"Everywhere I go there is such a
monotony of sorrow that my mind is
quite impressed with it. People by
tens of thousands are huddled together
on the banks of the river living ir pig
sty fashion, with only miserable holes
to keep body and soul together.
I Some not so fortunate have been com
[ pelled to seek refuge on the roofs of
! their houses, where they were exposed
ito a pitiless rain. Others climbed trees
' and hung there till they dropped to the
I water through hunger and exhaustion."
Details of the great fire in Hankow
' early in October show that hundreds of
! lives were lost and that one quarter of
-the native city was destroyed. The
i writer says the loss of life is now esti
mated to be at least 2000, and about ten
times that number are said to be ren
dered homeless.
Japanese papers contain news of an
' alleged secret treaty between China
i and Russia, in which the Chinese Gov
ernment is stated to have agreed that
Russian soldiers are to be employed
for defense of the coasts and as mili
tary instructors. They are to be com
manded by Russian officers. The whole
expense is agreed to be borne by China.
I This arrangement would be altogether
subversive of the plan arranger for
not long since for the employment of
British officers to drill and organize a
Chinese army.
Jt is reported that the Japanese Gov
ernment has decided to co-operate with
Great Britain with the object of restor
ing all things in China to their former
status before the recent coup d'etat.
It has transpired that on the day of the
coup d'etat no fewer than fourteen
eunuchs, who were the Emperor's own
personal attendants, were ordered to
execution by the Empress Dowager.
The Empress Dowager has issued an
edict instructing the provincial authori
ities to diligently protect all places
■wherever Christian chapels of any na
tionality have been built, and ordering
that all missionaries in the interior be
properly and politely treated.
Considerable discontent exists In
different parts of Hunan owing to the
recent executions of reformers at
Peking, and well known men of wealth
and influence have subscribed money to
help on the rebellion in Kuangtung and
Kuang Si. There are also insurrections
In the Lien Chon prefecture and the
province of Szchuen.
It ia stated that the Argentine Re
public and the Chilean Government
propose to conclude a treaty with
Japan and establish a Legation in
Tokio. It is added that the South
American republics are anxious to en
courage trade with Japan, and there
is a project for a direct steamship line
to be established.
ELABORATE FUNCTION
AT THE WHITE HOUSE
Joint High Commission of Great
Britain and the United States
Banqueted.
WASHINGTON Nov. 18.— Th© Presi
dent and Mrs. McKinley entertained at
dinner to-night the Joint J gh Commis
sioners on the part of Great Britain and
the United States. The dinner was the
most elaborate social function at the
White House for many months. The
rooms throughout the first floor of the
executive mansion were beautifully dec
orated wtih plants and cut flowers. The
orchestra of the Marine band furnished
the music.
Following is a list of the guests at the
dinner- The British Embassador and
Lady Pauncefote. the Right Hon Lord
Herschell, the Right Hon. Sir Uilfrid
Laurier and -ady Laurier. Sir Richard
Cartwright and Miss Cartwright. Sir
Louis and Lady Davies. Sir James Win
ter and the Hon. John Charlton and Mrs.
Charlton, Senator and Mrs. Fairbanks.
Senator and Mrs. Faulkner, Representa
tive Dingley and Mrs. Dingley Miss
Dingley. Hon. John W. Foster and Mrs.
Foster, John A. Kasson Hon. T Jeffer
son Coolldge and Mrs. Sears, the Chief
Justice and Mrs. Fuller. Secretary of
State and Mrs. Hay. the Secretary of the
Treasury and Mrs. Gage the Secretary of
W.-ir and Mrs. Alg»r. the Attorney Gen
eral and Mrs. Griggs. the Postmaster
General and Mrs. Smith, the Secretary of
the Navy and Miss Long, the Secretary
of Agriculture and Miss Wilson. Hon. Jo
serh Pope and Mrs. Pope. Miss Scott,
Henri Bourassa. Chauncey Cartwright
and Chandler P. Anderson.
WHITE OFFICERS RESIGN.
RICHMOND, Va., Nov. 16. — All the
white officers of the Sixth Virginia Regi
ment have resigned except Lieutenant
Colonel Crofton and Lieutenants Healy
and Richardson. The lieutenants are on
special duty and are not immediately in
command of negro soldiers A letter re
ceived here from Captain W. S. Faulk
ner tells of the troubles the white officers
have had. The soldiers, while obeying
their white officers in a sort of perfunc
tory way, are sullen and make things
very unpleasant for their officers. Colonel
Crofton advised that all the recently ap
pointed officers resign.
ETHEL MARLOWE'S
SUDDEN DEATH
Actress Expires During
a Performance.
VICTIM OF HEART DISEASE
GREAT EXCITEMENT BEHIND
THE SCENES.
Audience, Ignorant of the Tragic
Occurrence, Loudly Clamors
for the Play to
Proceed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16.— Ethel Marlowe,
a cousin of Julia Marlowe, died at the
Knickerbocker Theater to-night, during a
performance of "The Christian," in which
she played the part of Polly Love. She
was 24 years old.
Miss Marlowe had arrived early at the
theater and gave no indication that she
was other than perfectly well. In the
third act Miss Marlowe, as Polly Love,
was an important figure in the play. She
went through her part without fault. As
she entered the wings she met one of the
actcrs. She commented upon the excel
lence of his makeup, laughed and then
seated herself on a piano stool. Suddenly
she tottered, and before any one couIJ
rush to her assistance, she had fallen to
the floor.
It was at first thought she had fainted
and messengers were sent flying for re
storatives and doctors. Within a few
minuTes three physicians arrived, who
made every effort to revive her, but in
vain. Later they diagnosed the case as
heart disease and gave their opinion that
Miss Marlowe was dead when she fell
from the stool.
While all this was happening the act
ADVERTISEMENTS. !
< >
Jp' For the pa3t week we have been segre- lest. X
SB gating odds and ends of broken assort- Wja
JBg ments, taking out suits in lines that were tf»
ma not complete. We find that we have on *|h£ r
Jjf • hand about 300 of these odd- suits,
mV which we are offering at a prioe that makes f|« T »
an them an especially significant bargain. 3|& < •
These Suits have been selling regu- ?|f| < .
•'Bm^l§M&l larly for $15 and $20. They come in 8R?1 < •
*SM lots of three and four of the same size, 8&« < >
p - and if the right sizes can be found to • MB * ■
«©» fit those in need of suits some im- g|l < *
' Ih -■■ '-'-■■■ mense bargains can be secured, for . mH • ; !^f =
Hi TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW they .IS- X'
m b.^5?.M..f?.n.v.v.v.v:.:.^10.00b .^ s ?. M ..f?. n .v.v.v.v:.:.^10.00 fa I
jfe~ We also placed on sale some 150 suits WB£ , >
|«1 from our various stores that have E£a <»
Sa been made to order and remain un- Egg . ►
'"- l: Ba" called for. Once every year we place $*& ♦
Wm these have been sale. They are prices K,l^ I',
fei? that have been made to sell at prices < »
iSa sale of ours brings them This annual j^ <•
2^3 sale of ours brings them £|O Oft
down to 3>IU«U*J
MB These Su:t3, both the ready-made and J^ ; ;
H made-tc-order, are new; made in the j^g <■
• latest styles, of newly patterned Cheviots, , J|| < >
I|| Worst} ds, Twesds. ?jjh * t ',
. .mi .. ■ ■ Lastly a few words about our taUor- - I . ''|3 ' <!
IW\ Ing department. It is the largest and I fill < ,
BU most complete tailoring establishment I . m£pf <>
Mg on the Pacific Coast, and shows a I £g3r <>
TO larger and more complete assortment ffptf *
SB of woolens than all the other tailoring JSgy §
BH establishments of this city combined. fUg v
tSi Fine business suits made to order £&£ <£
for $10 00. Trousers, $3 00. pgp T
O
4
■9&398 Bb^Ku ißKrjßHif IBm^BV A iBSL. JIB j ' t
. aoriduie
718 Market Street- <&<*
phono
on the stage came to a conclusion. Then
the audience, knowing nothing of th»
tragic happening behind the curtain, in
sisted on a curtain call and the drop
went up. The applause continued. Viola
Allen made a pitying gesture and the
stago manager came before the curtain
once more and said that he was about to
call for a physician's aid, but that it
was not now necessary. The hidden sig
nificance of the speech was not under
stood, but it had the effect of causing the
audience to disperse.
Ethel Marlowe came of an old theatrical
family. Her father was the late Owen
Marlowe, who played with excellent com
panies, and her mother, under the name
of Mrs. Owen Marlowe, is a member of
the Jamps K. Hackett company, playing
old woman parts. The late Virginia Mar
lowe, a sister of Ethel, was also an act
ress.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Army Orders and Issuance of Pen
sions for Californians.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 16.— 8y direction
of the Secretary of War, a board of offi
cers is appointed to meet, at the call of
the president thereof, at San Francisco,
C&L, for examination of such officers of
the corps of engineers as may be or
dered before It, to determine their fitness
for promotion. Detail for the board: Colo
nel Samuel M. Mansfield, corps of engi
neers: Major William H. Heuer, corps
of engineers; Major Charles E. L. B.
Davis, corps of engineers: Major Ed want
B. Mnsely, surgeon United States army;
Captain Thomas U. Raymond, assistant
surgeon.
By direction of the Secretary of War
Captain Merritt W. Ireland, assistant sur
geon of the United States army, having
reported in person f> the surgeon general
of the army, is relieved from further duty
at the Presidio, San Francisco, and will
proceed to Fort Wayne, Michigan, and
report in person to the commanding offi
cer of that post.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War Private J. Ward Eaton of Com
pany L, First California 'Volunteer In
fantry, now at Manila, is discharged from
the service of the United States
G. W. Cutler was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Bardsdale, Ventura Coun
ty, Cal., vice W. E. Dorman. resigned.
Pensions for Californians: Original-
George R. Fezler, Murrietta, $6; George
v. Damron, Visalia, $8. Increase— Henry
C. Andreson, Pomona, $16 to $34. Original
widows etc.— Mary E. Johnson. San Jose.
$8; Sibyl Sparhawk, lowa City $8
Mrs. Levy's Burns Prove Fatal.
SANTA BARBARA. Nov. 16— Mrs. Ger
trude Levy, aged 81 years, whose clothing
caught fire from matches in her pocket
while she was at the old mission on Sun
day last, died from her burns to-day.
34
MOORS THREATEN
TO DRIVE SPAIN
FROM AFRICA
Old-TirT)e Foes of the Dons Are
Assembling Under Arms and
Assuring Hostile Attitude.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— A report Is current here to
night that the Moors have openly threatened war against
Spain to drive Spain from Africa. The Spanish Secretaries
of State and Navy recently held a secret conference with
the Queen Recent and Senor Sagasta with regard to the
threatening attitude of the Moors. The Captain General of
the province has wired to his Government that the Moors
are assembling under arms and presenting themselves In a
hostile attitude.
ENGLAND WANTS
OUR FRIENDSHIP
Chamberlain on the Al
liance Question.
WOULD BENEFIT EACH NATION
NOT FBOJECTED WITH A MER
CENARY VIEW.
Bays the Two Countries Have Inter
ests in Common and Will Come
to a Better Understand
ing of Each Other.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Nov. 16.— Joseph Cham
berlain, who was the guest of the Con
servative Club in this city this even
ing. in replying to a toast to hii
health, spoke at length on colonia
matters. He said that almost all inter
national troubles of recent years had
arisen from the competition of nation
for the undeveloped territories on the
world's surface in the possession of
barbarous tribes or decaying nations
He dwelt upon these vast tracts as
"outlets for the teeming populations
and trade of civilized nations."
Mr. Chamberlain predicted an Im
mense future for Rhodesia and Great
Britain's other acquisitions in Africa,
even the Gold Coast and Lagos, "when
medical sience shall have succeeded in
overcoming malarial diseases."
He warmly defended the Govern
ments' Chinese policy, contending that
Great Britain "had good reason to be
satisfied with the results obtained as
compared with other powers."
Regarding the contention that Great
Britain ought to have an agreement
■with Russia, he said:
"Experience has taught us that we
require a better guarantee than a pa
per agreement to secure the policy of
an open door. The best security, in
my opinion, is the desire of other na
tions, like Japan, Germany and the
United States to preserve an open door.
Japan is becoming an important power,
with whom our relations throughout
have been those of cordial friendship,
while with Germany and the United
States our relations, I rejoice to say,
are now closer and more cordial than
they have been for some time.
"Germany and the United States are
the two great commercial nations
whose interests are identical with ours.
In what I have said I have not meant
a permanent, formal treaty of alliance;
nor need I say this now but that a
speech of mine some months ago gave
rise to misinterpretations.
"Those persons are very premature,
very much mistaken, who think that
Great Britain is in need of an alliance
for her own security or in order that
other powers may pull her chestnuts
out of the fire."
This was received with loud and pro
longed cheering, which greeted every
reference to the United States. In an
eloquent peroration Mr. Chamberlain
developed this theme, declaring that if
England ever needed an alliance she
would give as much as she received,
but that she would never need more
aid, in his opinion, than would cheer
fully be afforded by her own children.
He scorned the idea .that England
should fear German competition, as he
believed, he said, that Anglo-Saxon co
operation and influence would prove
Irresistible, and that there was no rea
son why, even without an alliance,
Great Britain's friendly relations with
Germany should not be strengthened.
"I rejoice," he said in conclusion, "at
the change that has occurred in the re
lations between Great Britain and the
United States. To us they stand in a
relation different from that occupied
by any other people. I know a hundred
reasons why we should be friends, nono
why we should be otherwise, and I be
lieve that has been the true feeling of
this country toward the United States
for many years. All misunderstandings
have been happily removed and ths
combination of the two English-speak
ing nations would fear no other alli
ance.
"Our imagination must be fired when
■we contemplate the possibility of such
a cordial understanding between the
seventy million people of the United
Btates and our fifty million Britons— an
understanding which would
peace and civilization to the wjr-id. We
shall welcome the United States in their
new career as a colonizing nation be
cause we know they are animated by
the same motives and aspirations, em
ploy the same methods and lov» lustice
as ourselves; and such a. new departure
■will, doubtless, as Lord Salisbury has
said, serve our interests, not in any sel
fish or mercenary sense, but because it
will give each a. better understanding
of the other's work. Increase oui tyvn
pathies, bring us closer together and
make easy and inevitable that most
desirable co-operation."
SIBYL JOHNSTONE
DIES IN LONDON
-s of the Actress' Demise Not
Made Public Until Two
Weeks Later.
W YORK. Nov. 13.— The Times says
Sybil Johnstone. the actress, died at
lome In this city on November 1;
her body was cremated and that the
of the death haa just become gen
■ known.
TYPHOID FEVER
BREAKS OUT ON
THE ARIZONA
Epidemic Threatens a
Transport.
VESSEL HELD AT HONOLULU
GENERAL KING AMONG THE AF
FLICTED.
Nearly Three Thousand Patients
Under Treatment at the Various
Hospital Camps in
Hawaii.
Special Correspondence of the Associated Press, j
HONOLULU, Nov. 9.— The transports |
Ohio and Indiana arrived in port early ]
on the sth-. Both vessels experienced
excellent weather. The Zealandia ar- !
rived on the 7th with the Tennessee
Regiment. Since their arrival the men
have behaved admirably. From state
ments on both sides there seems to be j
some bad blood between the New York- j
ers and Tennesseeans, but it is believed i
this is confined to a few men only, j
Last night members of the two regi- i
ments had dinner together and were |
j around together to a late hour.
The transport Ohio left for Manila on '
the 7th; the Indiana followed her this i
morning. The Zealandia will sail on i
the 11th inst The Arizona left the Pa- I
clfic Mail wharf on the 7th, at" 4 o'clock, j
with the Camp Otis troops, bag and !
baggage, and General King and staff
on board. She sailed out of the chan- j
nel and anchored outside, where she
will remain at least three, days to see j
whether any cases of typhoid or other j
serious diseases will" develop from the i
infection it is feared the men have been j
exposed to in the camp.
Yesterday morning proved the wis
dom of this plan. One case of malig
nant typhoid fever developed, and
three cases of high fever, the exact na- j
ture of which has not yet been deter- j
mined. The typhoid patient will be ;
brought ashore some time to-day, and i
the other three patients as well, un- j
less they show decided signs of im
provement. The promptness with
which typhoid has developed aboard
causes the gravest apprehension among
the thousand men about to start on a
twenty days' voyage through tropical |
seas.
General King is himself a very sick
man. He is confined to his stateroom.
He has had fever, and while his con- j
dition is not considered serious, he is j
suffering a great deal.
No one from the vessel will be al
lowed ashore, except on Imperative
duty, while she remains at anchor, for
this probationary period.
The town was filled with martial mu
sic and the steady tramp of soldiery
yesterday morning. Two companies of j
the New York Regiment with the band, j
in heavy marching order, and accom
panied by four wagon loads of equip- J
ment, came in from camp to go to Hilo.
There were 189 men in the detachment,
mostly from Companies L and M.
The Tennessee Regiment, Colonel
Smith commanding, came ashore about
10:30 for a march and drill. Headed by
the band the column proceeded up Fort
street to Hotel, out to Miller and to
the baseball grounds. The movements
in the manual of arms in town and the
drill on the outskirts were very pretty.
The Southerners were the recipients of
many compliments.
President Dole reviewed them In
front of the Executive building Just be
fore noon.
There are to-day nearly 300 patients
under treatment at the various United
States hospital camps. About 200 New
Yorkers are on the sick report. Still
conditions are improving. They have
been worse in a way. About 20 per
cent of Camp Otis has been on the sick
report for some time. One Nebraska
company leaves behind it here in the j
hospital twenty-three of its best men.
This is out of a contingent of 106.
Other companies' ara in the same de
plorable fix.
Private McKuren, Company M, First
New York, died on the 3d inst. of
typhoid. He was born in Kingston, N.
V., and was in his twenty-fifth year.
Thomas F. Lennon, Company A, First
New York, died at. the Military Hos
pital on the 4th inst. of typhoid fever.
He was a native of West Stockbridge,
Mass.; age 22 years.
Corporal Oscar R. Wheeler, Company
E, First New York, died on the 7th.
j His remains will be shipped East to-
day.
Engineer Geertz, who was so badly
shocked in the electric light wire acci
dent some weeks ago, is in a very bad
way at the Military Hospital. He
seems to be out of his head, and a
part of the time has to be closely
guarded. In his imperfect physical
condition the shock he sustained was
too much for him.
The appearance of a case of smallpox
on Quarantine Island causes no alarm
in town. The Board of Health has a
thorough command of the situation.
Dr. Day is treating the patient, and is
also directing a strict quarantine to
prevent the spread of the disease to
other patients or to the town. The case
in quarantine is that of a Japanese,
who contracted the disease from the
man put ashore at Yokohama.
The Bennington returned yesterday
from her practice cruise to Kauai. On
account of the heavy seaa the men did
THE SAtf FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17. 1893.
SAD FATE OF A
YOUTHFUL HUNTER
CHARLES A. LAMBRECHT.
SUISUN, Nov. 16.— Much sympathy is expressed here over the sad
fate of Charles A. Lambrecht, the 18-year-old son of Ludwig
Lambrecht of Scandia, near Suisun. Young Lambrecht left his
home about 2 o'clock last Saturday afternoon on a hunting trip
in Montezuma Slough. He was found Tuesday evening in the mud
about fifty yards from his home. When the unfortunate young man
left home he promised to return early the same evening. The parents
became alarmed when the hour became late and their son failed to re
turn. Neighboring friends started in search, but were unable to find
any trace of him until the body was found by Claus Lambrecht about
ten yards from the wharf covered with mud.
not get ashore as much as they ex
pected. _
Judge A. S. Hartwell returned by the
Doric from the States last night,
whither he went nine weeks ago. The
most of the time was devoted to busi
ness and to looking after his children
in school.
"There is nothing of great importance
in the cable situation," said Mr. Hart
well.
"The situation that our contract must
be approved within six months by the
Secretary of State has considerably
embarrassed matters. Before his re
tirement Judge Day declined to commit
himself on the cable proposition, and
Mr. Hay has not yet taken it up. Final
arrangements cannot be entered upon
until the action of the Department or
State is learned.
"No, I cannot say that nothing will
be done before December. It is not im
possible that a start may be made upon
the premilinaries before that time.
Everything depends upon the action of
the State "Department."
BALLOTS CAST BY
VOLUNTEER SOLDIERS
HONOLULU, Nov. 9.— The First New
York, Twentieth Kansas and the Tenth
Pennsylvania soldiers here were ac
corded the prerogative of the American
citizen to cast a vote for nominees for
elective offices in their respective states
yesterday.
The New York "election booth was
opened at sunrise, and as each one re
ported at the voting place he was ob
liged to state under oath that he had
not received any pay for his vote. An
envelope was then given to each voter,
which contained the list of the offices
to be voted for, and the boys were ob
liged to fill in the names of the candi
dates of their choice.
Companies X and M, which left for
Hilo yesterday, voted before they left.
Colonel Roosevelt; the Republican can
didate for Governor, will receive a ma
jority of the votes in the regiment. The
vote for the fighting colonel of the
Rough Riders would probably have
been greater if the letter which he sent
Secretary Alger, wherein he spoke
slightingly of the volunteers in the
present war, had never been written.
The Pennsylvanians held their elec
tion aboard the Arizona.
The Kansas regiment had the "warm
est" time, as there was something of a
contest between the officers and men
as to who should run things. The offi
cers, it seems, had formed a small-sized
political ring and intended to conduct
the election in accordance with their
own ideas. The boys thought differ
ently regarding the matter, and when
the election board was chosen the offi
cers found that they had been turned
down and not a man with a shoulder
strap was made a member of the board.
Sergeant B. J. Mitchell of the quarter
master's department was chosen chair
man of the board. The ballot box was
placed on a large table on the wharf,
it is estimated that about 500 votes
were cast. It Is generally believed
that Governor Leedy, the fusionist
candidate, was "snowed under" by An
thony, Republican. Leedy sent the men
to San Francisco without their uni
forms.
CONTRACT LABORERS
STRIKE IN A BODY
HONOLULU, Nov. 9.— An incipient
riot among the new Galicians on Oahu
plantation culminated this morning in
an ugly outbreak. Sixty-eight laborers
marched into the city in a body and
called on John F. Hackfeld, their Con
sul Mr. Hackfeld, assisted by Dr.
Peterson, conducted a careful investi
gation. They had numerous imaginary
grievances and wanted to throw up
their contracts. Some of them said
they would go so far as to stand arrest
and imprisonment before they would
go back to the cane fields. A difficulty
with Luna Valentine of the plantation
seemed to be the Immediate cause of
the outbreak.
Mr Hackfeld's decision was short
and positive. He told them that their
complaints were unfounded, that the
objectionable Luna had been taken
from them, and that they must go
to work at once or the plantation
would be justified in taking legal pro
ceedings to compel the execution of
the contracts. The laborers could take
their choice then and there.
Four men stepped out and said they
were satisfied and would return to
work. Warrants have been sworn out
and are being served on the strikers
this afternoon. They are all charged
with deserting contract service*
EXPANSION AND
ITS DRAWBACKS
Home Market Club Sees
Dire Results.
MAY INTRODUCE FREE TRADE
SOLICITUDE FOB AMERICAN
WORKINGMEN.
Hopes That the Peace Treaty Will
Minimize the Dangers and Re
sponsibilities We Must
Assume.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Nov. 16.— The annual meet
ing of the Home Market Club was held
to-day. Colonel Albert Clark, secre
tary of the club. In his annual report,
considered the question of national ex
pansion from an economical standpoint,
and said:
"It is greatly to be hoped that Presi
dent McKinley will so frame his treaty
of peace with Spain as to minimize
the dangers and responsibilities which
we must assume as the result of the
war. On October 19, at the quarterly
meeting of our officers, all the New
England States being represented,
there were many strong expressions of
personal opinion against the policy
known as 'national expansion,' and
there was no expression in its, favor.
Some think our opposition is because
expansion and protection will not be
yoke-fellows. That will depend upon
how the new acquisitions are treated.
"If they are helped to independence,
as I think they should be, or are gov
erned as colonies, as those not able to
govern themselves ought to be, if the
constitution will permit, a tariff may
be maintained between them and the
United States which will reasonably
protect both and at the same time give
reciprocal preference. But If they are
annexed and made a part of our coun
try, the provision in section 8, article
1, of the constitution, that all duties,
imposts and excises shall be uniform
throughout the United States, and the
provision in section 9 that ho tax or de
mand shall be laid on articles exported
from any State — which has been held
to apply also to Territories — may have
the effect to practically introduce free
trade in such articles as sugar, tobacco,
hemp, fruits and various ores and all
other goods produced In the annexed
regions, and as it is impossible to bring
working people in these countries up to
the American standard their action
would seem to expose our industrial
population to unrestrained competition
with low prices and ill-conditioned and
coolie labor.
"If we must have an expansion policy
how can the party which has always
favored protection to American labor
ever again look a workingman In the
face? We do not oppose, but we favor
the finding of foreign markets. We
are gaining them constantly. Hitherto
conquest has been peaceful. The best of
them are in countries which are self
governed and for which we have to
assume no responsibility and bear no
expense. We can continue to increase
our trade in those countries, but we
can gain vastly more by preserving the
conditions of domestic prosperity and
cultivating the home market with equal
care. Let us do both."
Chessmasters Matched.
NEW YORK. Nov. 16.— Showalter and
Janowßki will sign articles to-morrow for
their match of seven games at the Man
hattan Chess Club, and they will nlay at
1:30 o'clock Friday afternoon. The match
will be played for $750 a side, and at tne
rate of seven games a fortnight. In cats
the score of the match should be six a
side the match will be conflnued until one
player shall have won ten games; but in
case the score of the match should be
at any time nine wins each the match will
.be considered drawn.
INCIDENTS OF THE
FIRE AT DAWSON
Fortunate Escapes From
Death.
COST OF PROCRASTINATION
CITY COULD HAVE BEEN SAVED
WITH APPARATUS.
Hours Lost in Setting Up the Chemi
cal Engine, Payment for
Which the Officials
Had Delayed.
BY HAL. HOFFMAN.
Special DiEpatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Nov. 16.— The sudden de
cision of the captain of the up-river
steamer Ora to run chances on making
White Horse Rapids before the ice
could Btop him was the means of the
carrying of the news of the big fire at
Dawsun to the outside world. The Ora
left on October 20, six days after the
fire. All of the previous night she had
lain with steam up. Early in the
morning it was decided to make the at
tempt, and she left on two hours' no
tice, crowded with passengers at $200
each for the trip and $2 each per meal
— pork and beans and bread and coffee
three times a day. It was owing to
this unexpected and sudden determina
tion of the Ora's captain to buck the
Yukon and the threatening winter that
the Dawson correspondents were not
prepared to send out any matter on the
fire. Had it not been for the Ora there
is a probability that the news of the
fire might not have reached the coast
for a month or more, and a possibility
that it might not have been known un
til spring. The trip up was made in
eighteen days to Skaguay, some delay j
having been met at this side of White
Horse.
Private Mullins of Montreal, a mem
ber of the infantry, was on the roof of
Svendgard's drug store fighting the fire,
when he lost his footing and slid over
a flaming surface to the ground. A
blazing beam fell on his neck, and but
for the timely assistance of people in
the crowd he would have been killed.
He is severely but not fatally injured
and is in the hospital.
A log wall fell over on G. O. Ellis,
whose head is burned and bruised. Dan
Millon was struck on the head by the
handle of an ax and knocked sense
less.
The big joke of the conflagration is
on a man named \V. A. Jones. He
was inside his cabin when the rope and !
dynamite brigade rushed up. They had
their lines fast to that cabin in not
much more time than it requires to
write it and pulled it down upon Jones'
head. Jones' head has some bumps on
it, and he was very angry.
Private Enfleld of the artillery had
his face severely scorched.
Al Haskins was badly wrenched by
jumping from a roof. Eyebrows and
mustaches were scorched to the roots
on many men.
During the fire a fusillade of shots
was heard in several buildings which I
had rifle and revolver cartridges to sell j
and the crowd scattered hurry-scurry.
Business in all Dawson was entlrely
suspended during the fire.
Boodwin Bros., on the water front,
saved their stock by lowering it with
ropes to the beach below while the
front of the building was burning. Pat
Galvin's meat market was saved,
though buildings were burned all
around it. Dick Lowe last a building
in the fire. He is said to be now in
San Francisco. He is the lucky man
who has already taken $225,000 out of a
fractional claim of 80 feet with the pay
streak as yet unexhausted. A build
ing back of the Worden Hotel, occu
pied by Esther Duffey and owned by
William Chappell of No. 30, El Dorado,
was destroyed; loss, $8000.
The conflagration might have been
prevented if the property owners had
got together and paid for the chemical
and steam fire engines which had been
lying in pieces on the ground for weeks.
The engines would then have been set
up and ready and the fire would not
have spread beyond the Green Tree sa
loon where Belle Mitchell threw the
lamp. The disposition was not favora
ble to paying for the apparatus, and j
the procrastlnatfon has cost Dawson
not less than $700,000 in actual damage
and at least $700,000 in loss of business
before buildings can be re-erected and
ready for business.
There is a lesson In this for Juneau
and Skaguay, neither of which has bet
ter than a hand engine. If any en
terprising man can put wings on sev
eral million feet of lumber and sev
eral tons of glass and fly it in over the
sribw summits this winter he could
make a good thing to lay up to during
the remainder of his natural life. But
it should not be tried without wings.
Sending the Christmas Box to Manila,
By Alice Rix,
In Next Sunday's CalL.
HIGHWAYMAN NEARLY
TURNED LOOSE AGAIN
Martinelli's Loose Methods as Dis
trict Attorney Excite th«
People of Marin.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 16.— Over two
months ago Victor Colwell was arrested
for highway robbery and incarcerated in
the County Jail on a complaint sworn to
by District Attorney Mortinelli. There
existed no doubt regarding Colwell's
guilt, for not only was he caught with
the money taken from the driver and
passengers of the stage running between
Bollnas and this city in his possession,
as well as certain articles that were iden
tified by the owners, but the prisoner ad
mitted his guilt to the arresting officers.
As the facts showed clearly that a con
viction could be easily had, the public
looked to the District Attorney for a
•speedy prosecution of the case in order
that the county might be spared the ex
pense incidental to & long confinement
prior to the trial. For over sixty days
the District Attorney did absolutely
nothing looking toward a trial, and this
in spite of the fact that the law allows
only sixty days in which a preliminary
examination may take place. The re
sult of this policy is now seen to good
advantage.
A few days ago Attorney James W.
Cochrane filed a writ of habeas corpus
for the release of the prisoner. It was
made returnable before Superior Judge
Angellotti last Monday, but proceedings
went over until yesterday. When the
case came up for a hearing the law was
such that if Judge Angellotti had seen fit
the prisoner might have been released
and before a new complaint could have
been filed would probably have been safe
ly out of the clutches of the officials.
However, the Judge happened to be made
out of the right material and refused to
release the prisoner until a new complaint
could be filed. This was done by Mar
tlnelli yesterday and the bail of Colwell
fixed at $3000. So far it has not been pro
duced and he yet languishes in Jail.
The Inaction of the District Attorney
in this particular case has called forth
even more adverse criticism than he cus
tomarily receives.
Bread About Dreyfus on Devils Island,
In next Sunday's Call.
EARLY CONSIDERATION
OF THE CANAL BILL
WASHINGTON. Nov. 16.-Senator Morgan of the Foreign Rela
tions Committee said to-night: "Nicaragua canal construction will
beyond doubt be undertaken by the Government. I am satisfied that
fully 80 per cent of the people of this country demand that the
canal be built under the control of the United States.
"The necessity for it has been demonstrated and the people will
not be content that the work be left undone or that any foreign gov
ernment be permitted to do it. As chairman of the committee I sha 1
call the bill up immediately on the assembling of Congress and ask
for a vote on consideration. I think there will be a large majority of
the Senate In favor of it."
SUICIDE FOLLOWS
BANK'S COLLAPSE
President Dies by His
Own Hand.
TRAGEDY AT EMPORIA, KANS.
UNTIMEY END OF CHARLES S.
CROSS.
I
When the Institution's Doors Close
He Retires to His Ranch and
Kills Himself With a
Bullet.
Sceclal Dispatch to The Call.
EMPORIA, Kans., Nov. 16.— This
afternoon the First National Bank of
Emporia was closed by order of the
Comptroller of the Currency. An hour
later Charles S. Cross, the bank's presi
dent and one of the best-known breed
ers of Herefords in the West, shot and
killed himself at his farm near the
town.
Speculation is said to have led ; to
Cross" downfall. His fortune had
doubtless gone down with the bank.
Among the heavy losers by the failure
are Lynn County and the city of Em
porla. All the city and county funds
were deposited in the institution. Cross
was custodian of his father's estate,
which is also said to be in a wrecked
condition. . . . , :
Cross' ending was tragic. To the
majority. of the people of the town the.
Comptroller's card on the door of the
bank came as a surprise, but in finan
cial circles .both here and throughout
the State the result has been expected
for ' six months. Examiner Charles
Jobes, who closed the bank on an order
from the Comptroller, has been going
over its books for the past week.
There was a smile on Cross' face as
he passed his friends on the street. He
went immediately to the Sunny Slope
farm and, speaking pleasantly to the
employes, passed • into the bedroom of
Manager Evans' house. When he did
not come- out Evans entered the room.
He found' the. banker lying in a pool of
blood, with his pistol in his hand. Death
must have been Instantaneous. '
The news of the : suicide was on the
streets of Emporia a few minutes after
the card appeared upon the bank door
and created an Intense sensation.
The bank's statements have been
growing • bad . since last May. Small
withdrawals of depositors resulted, but
most of the business men kept faith in
the bank and up to 9 o'clock to-day
heavy deposits were made.
! The last statement is shown as fol
lows: Liabilities— $100,000; sur
plus and profits, $101,289 53; due to de
positors, bankers, $513,599 42; circula
tion, $22,500; total resources, $737,388 95.
Examiner Jobes has been wrestling
with the problem of the -assets for a
week and it is authoritatively stated
that he found them badly shrunken.
He said: V " /_
- "While I do not know exactly what
the outcome of this matter will be, I
think I am Justified in saying that the
depositors will not suffer seriously. Yet
when a thing like this occurs it lops off
25 per cent of the assets of the bank
at one blow." _
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— Mr. Dawes,
the Comptroller of the Currency, has
issued an order closing the First Na
tional Bank of Emporia, Kans., and
has appointed Charles S. Jobes receiver.
The bank's last statement. September
20 says: "Capital, $100,000; surplus
and profits, $101,289; due to depositors,
other banks and bankers, $513,599; cir
culation. $22,500. .-■%■■
TOPEKA, Kas.. Nov. 16.— a result
of the failure of the First National
Bank at Emporia, State Bank Commis
sioner Breldenthal to-night directed the
State Bank at Madison, Kas., to sus
pend business. According to its last
report the Madison Bank had ■ $39,000
in the First National Bank of Emporia.
It Is not thought that any other banks
will be Involved.
MIRACULOUS ESCAPE
FROM AN AWFUL DEATH
Oregon Express Passenger Dragged
About a Hundred Yards
by the Leg.
ANDERSON, Cal., Nov. 16.— An uncon
scious man was found lying near the rail
road track half a mile north of Ander
son thla morning by Bection men. He had
fallen from the Oregon express at 9:30
last night. One of his legs was broken
and his head bruised. He regained con-
Bclousness thla afternoon and gave his
name as A. Tlngvall. He says he was
standing on the platform of the rear car
when a sudden jerk of the train caused
him to fall, and one foot caught on the car
and he was dragged about a hundred
yards. He was only saved from death by
the shoe coming off. Both bones of the
right leg were broken two inches abovo
the ankle, and three arteries in the head
were broken. Dr. Muscott, who dressed
his wounds, says the man is weak from
exposure and loss of blood, but will prob
ably recover.
CHAMBERLAIN'S SPEECH
EXCITES THE FRENCH
Indications That England Intends to
Settle All Disputes While in
Readiness for War.
PARIS, Nov. 16.— The speech of Joseph
Chamberlain at Manchester yesterday has
had a disquieting effect upon French of
ficial circles, where it had b#en expected
that the evacuation of Fa*hoda wouM
satisfy Great Britlan. Mr. Chamberlain^
statements are regarded here as indicat
ing Great Britian's desire to discuss art!
settle all pending questions while she fc
in a state of preparation to exercise her
power. m
William E. Hale Dead.
CHICAGO, Nov. 16.— William E. Hale,
formerly president of the Hale Elevator
Company, died to-day of Bright's disease,
aired 63. Mr. Hale wa3 president of the
Toledo Traction Company and was prom
inent in religious and educational work.
He endowed Science Hall of Belolt, Wlb.,
t College.
SHERLAND RIDES
HIS LAST RACE
Is Killed by a Fall at
Cumberland.
ACCIDENT MARS THE SPORT
red hone: stumbles with
the jockey.
Latonia Meeting Brought to «t
Abrupt Close Because of Unfav
orable Conditions of Track
and Weather.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NASHVILLE, Nov. 16.— Weather cloudy;
track slow at Cumberland. Red Monk fell
in the third race, and Jockey Sherland, his
rider, was killed. Summary:
First race, five and a half furlongs — John
Boone won, Hairpin second, Watercresa third.
Time, l:llty.
Second race, seven furlongs. selling— Prince
Zeno won, Farm Life second, Nellorine- Third.
Time, 1:33«*.
Third race, mile, selling— Big Fellow won.
l>omsie second. Uncle Abb third. Time. 1:47.
Fourth race, Bix furlongs, selling— Deblals»
won. By George second, Salvarse third. Time,
1:20.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling— Leo Lalrt
won, Manzanita second, Sissia Chance third.
Time, 1:34.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 16.— After forty
days' racing, the Latonia meeting came
to an abrupt close to-day. On account of
the bad weather, the wretched condition
of the track and the poor attendance, tna
management decided to bring the meet
ing to an end after to-day's card was fin
ished. The programme for the balance of
the week was therefore declared off.
In the fifth race Lord Fraser fell with
Jockey Harshberger. and the boy was
seriously injured. Weather rainy; track
muddy. Results:
First race, mile, selling— Ma Angelina won,
Orme second, Leaseman third. Time, 1:49%.
Second race, five furlongs, selling— Pansy H.
won. Aureole second. Lady Margaret third.
Time, 1:05.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling— Maritime
won. Lady Disdain second, Aunt Maggie third.
Time, 1:32%.
Fourth race, mile, selling— Samovar won. Boa
Jour second. Agitator third. Time, 1:48%.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Vicinlu*
won, Friesland second, Frank McConnell third.
Time. 1:14.
Sixth race, mile, selling — Elsie Bramble won,
Ray H second, Lyllls third. Time. I:SOH
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— Attendance
good at Benning-s. The air was raw and
chilly. Results:
First race, six and a half furlongs— General
Mart Geary won. Lady Llndsey second. Excep
tion third. Time. 1:21 1-5.
Second race, five furlongs— Meehanus won.
Roysterer second, Tyran third. Time, 1:03 1-5.
Third race, six furlongs — Judge "Wardell won.
Tabouret second, Protus third. Time, 1:15 1-5.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs — Com
pensation won. Strangest second, Leando third.
Time, 1:23 1-5. Compensation disqualified for
foul and placed last.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles— Nosey
won, Charagrace second. Peat third. Time,
1:52. __^____^__
lowa's Oldest Person Dead.
KEOKUK. lowa, Nov. 16.— Mrs. Lucy
Alexander, colored, aged 127 years, and
the oldest person in lowa, is dead, he
was born near Richmond, V., in Decem
ber, 1770, and has lived in lowa for forty
two years.
1
Dizziness
Falling Sensations
Nervous Debility
Misery
Despair
I cures Sorrow. '
IN
WEEK. Blurs
Drains
« ... .. ■■ /. . -■ '•:'],)■ VmwUMm9
YOU MUST KNOW TBS ABOTH ASJB
only symptoms of a bad disorder that ocly
a few unfortunate victims suffer from. Tot»
are no doubt t aware of the awful calami ty
awaiting the victim of a misspent life— a life
filled with abases. Abuse any part or portion
of your body and you pay the penalty. If 70%
eat too much you get dyspepsia; If you drink
too much you get the • "trembles," a^td 'so oa.
.Young mar., beware of the follies and pitfalls
of life. Beware of. the secret sins of U*e;
beware of the abuses of life. . You ought to
look forward to a happy, vigorous, manly life,
and this you can do. If you get enough ambi-
tion to put yourself In the hands of the Hud-
yan Cure. Hudyan has cured many men. Hud*
yan cures Nervous ■ Debility. ' Neurasthenia,
Melancholia, " Falling Manhood ■■ and those dis-
eases and disabilities of men commonly : called
prematurity. ,. Hudyan cures when all falls.
Hudyan cures chronic constipation, Hudyaa
cures Blues, Hudyan cures Spermatorrhoea.
Hudyan will cure you. : ,
/ NEW CIRCULARS ~ "fREEY"
' Consult the Doctors Free.
SO-DAY OUIlE;^firASSa
.30-DAY CURE ?M. ti <Bil !r£
30-DAY CURE flffi & y ca^
-•- - : • ' Is certain. »
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
Junction Stockton, Market ami Ellis Sis.
San Francisco, Cal. '-;
• Use f^%
Facial Soap u^v r Facial Cream,
The Grandest Toilet Combination known fo»
the skin, complexion and teeth Is WoodbaryV
Facial Soap, Facial Cream and Facial ; and
Tooth Powder. The daily use of these articles
will protect a fair complexion and cure a Hi
skin. ••'.-■■■:" '■ -';",■; '■■■■• ;■-. ■■- -- ■ j->"v ■:-
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
v»k*ifiF tHo Full Set of Teeth ■,■
•S^SICI I Ufa. extracting free $5000*
</*j3»Ufc£J»sr Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 tip
SsTZZW&HtZ V Fillings - - - »5 cts. u»
<<MljKfS._Q Open Evenings & SundjlfS
R-^JO^^ VAN VROOM
4h» jP > V "Sixth and Market
• .-.- Or, Q W. K!ol»sr, Profit ;-■AGUINALDO DENIES A
REQUEST OF OTIS
He Refuses to Release the Friars and
Civilians Held Captive by the
Insurgents.
MANIL.A, P. 1., Nov. 16. — General Otis, the commander of the
American forces, recently proposed to A^-ulnaldo that he release the
friars and civilian? held in captivity throughout the provinces. The
Insurgent leader denied their maltreatment and refused to release
them, claiming that the civilians had enlisted as volunteers and
therefore were legitimate prisoners of war. Aguinaldo also denied
that women and children were detained, but said that some wjmen
and children had voluntarily accompanied their husbands or fathers
Into captivity.
As to the friars, Aguinaldo argues that they are prohibited by the
Pope from accepting parochial appointments, that they are Jnly per
mitted to fallow monastic lives and that the parishes are intrusted to
ministers of independent monastic orders. But, he adds, the Philippine
clericals have deliberately and systematically deceived the Pope, pre
tending that the country was barbarous, unfit for the regular min
istry a i i that it was necessary that the monastic orders should ad
minister the parishes. Therefore, Aguinaldo continues he considered
it necessary to detain the friars until the Pope is undeceived.
The Spanish papers here assert that a sangulrary mutiny has
take: place on board the steamship Bernardino and that the native
crov massacred their Spanish officers. These papers also appeal to
the United States to control the natives. Advices from Iloilo say the
natives of that city distrust Aguinaldo and want American domina
t! n.
JACOBS BLAMES
GENERAL SHAFTER
The Colonel Criticizes
His Superior.
CAUSE OF SANTIAGO DISTRESS
SOLDIERS HAD N"0 COOKING
UTENSILS.
Camp Equipage Left Behind in the
Advance on the Positive Order
of the Commander of
the Army.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TVASHINGTON, Nov. 16. — Colonel
Jacobs, who had charge of the trans
portation facilities at Santiago, was
before the War Investigation Commis
sion to-day. He expressed the opinion
that there was not a sufficient number
of wagons. He thought there should
have been at least one wagon to each
troop and company in addition to those
at headquarters. General Shafter's
first orders had been to take only fifty
wagons. When General Miles went to
Tampa he doubled the number, but
even this order did not secure suffi
cient wagons. He knew no reason for
not sending more, except there was no
means of getting them from Tampa to
Bantia
ral McCook developed quite an j
animated episode by asking if there i
::y reason why the cooking uten- j
sils and camp equipage of the troops j
should not have been forwarded from
Baiquiri to the troops in the field.
"There was no reason," Colonel Ja
cobs replied, "except that General Shaf
ter's order forbade."
Continuing, he said that the order
■was most positive. Food had been sent
to the front cooked, but he thought the
men should have had some facilities for
cooking. The order had never been
changed during the month he remained
at Baiquiri.
Dr. Connor then asked whether or
ders had been given to leave all the
hospital equipments behind at Tampa.
Dr. L. M. Munson, who for a time was
on duty at Tampa and in Cuba, said
he had understood that requisitions
were promptly approved and that all
the difficulty in getting medicines and
supplies was due to lack of transporta
tion. Each regiment had been expected
to take the supplies that would be nec
essary. There were no orders to leave
any of the medical supplies, except the
ambulances at Tampa. He had under
stood that the medical supplies in Cuba
were short. They were taken on the
transports, but it was impossible to get
them landed.
Dr Munson said the condition of the
army before Santiago was lamentable,
owing largely to the fact that the men
were without tents. For the first two
or three days, aJBc, there were practi
cally no supplies on shore. So far as
he could determine the quartermaster's
department had made no effort to assist
the medical department, leaving it en
tirely to its own devices. He thought
there was sufficient dressing for the
wounded sufficient med.cines and suf
ficient surgical instruments, but there
was a lack of tents, 'cots and suitable
diet. Th^ actual necessities were thus
met by the medical department, but if
the lighting had continued for several
days he did not believe it would have
been possible for the department to
have taken care of the wounded, at
least not until the arrival of tie Relief
on the Bth of July.
Colonel \Y. H. Forwood, who vas the
chief medical officer at Montauk Point,
testified that his instructions wtre to
have on hand at all times tents, beds,
etc., and representations that *hey
were not there wore incorrect. Trere
was, however, some lack of transpoita
tion facilities and there was difflcuty
in getting supplies from the station,
this fact being due largely to the Un
ited capacity of tho railroad depot. H>
asserted that "not for a minute" haa
patients remained outside the hospi
tals without some protection. Dr. For
wood paid that much of the crowding
of the hospital was due to the fact that
many soldiers sought admission as a
means of getting a furlough home. This
condition might have resulted in keep
ing desorving men out.
Dr. Dodge announced nt the close of
to-day's session that the commission
would leave here at 11 o'clock for New
York. Thf> first meeting would be held
there on Friday.
RICH GOLD FINDS IN
SOUTHEASTERN OREGON
REDDING. KOT. 16.— A new mining dis
trict that 18 creating considerable excite
ment was lately struck in the Paisloy
prrtion of Southern Oregon. Assays of
ore from a strike made by J. W. Howard
return W) and (88 per ton in gold. The
ore is rebellious, but yields readily to the
cyanide process. Little <">r no prospecting
work can be performed in the winter time
on account of deep snows. The ledges
found so far in the district are well de
fined and extensive, but are In no sense a
poor man's proposition.
SURROUNDED BY
THE INSURGENTS
Spaniards of Iloilo in
Great Peril.
OTIS IN FEAR OF A MASSACRE
MANILA TROOPS POWERLESS TO
AID THEM.
Serious Situation Will Prevent the
Contemplated Reduction of
American Forces in the
Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— Reports of
a somewhat disquieting nature have
been received from General Otis, in
i command at Manila. He says that the
province of Iloilo, in the Island of Pa
nay, which is technically occupied by
the Spaniards, is surrounded by the in
surgents and that fears are entertained
that the Spanish population and garri
son -will be massacred. The capital of
the province is 355 miles from Manila,
but this and the other islands, with the
exception of Manila and its adjacent
country, is not under control of the
Americans. Heretofore the United
States officers have trted to prevent dis
turbances between the insurgents and
the Spaniards through good offices and
counsel. The indications are. however,
that the present situation in Iloilo can
not be controlled by the United States
army at Manila, or the insurgent lead
ers there, and if serious consequences
are averted some other method will
have to be adopted.
The troops under General Otis are not
available for any such duty and, un
der the terms of the protocol, pending
peace negotiations, it is not desirable
to send a force from the army to the
Island of Panay. There ia no intention
at present of sending additional troops
to General Otis, but the situation is
such as to strengthen the determina
tion of the administration not to re
duce the available force under his com
mand.
MERRITT HAS NO FAITH
IN THE FILIPINOS
LONDON, Nov. 16.— General Wesley
Merritt, U. S. A., who is still in this
city, has read with a great deal of in
terest the long letter of complaint
against American officials in the Phil
ippine Islands addressed by the so-call
ed Filipino Junta of Hongkong to Pres
ident McKinley and the American peo
ple. In discussing the Filipinos, the
American general refers to them as
"children," and says It would be Im
possible to establish the American sys
tem of government in the islands. He
adds that they must have some form
of colonial government similar to the
British colonial governments. Regard
ii.fc the complaints of the Filipinos, the
general said:
"It was impossible to recognize the
insurgents, and I made it a point not to
do so, as I knew it would lead ti com
plications. Admiral Dew-/, after my
arrival, pursue-1 the same course. What
was tione before is not for me to com
«ment on. I purposely did not r<»<?o^nize
Aguin&frlo or his troops, n )." did I use
them in any way. Agulnaido did not ask
to Fee me until ten days aftvr my ar
rival. After that I was too much occu
cupied to see him.
"In talking with leading Filipinos I
told them the United States had no
promises to make, but that they might
be assured that the Government and
people of the United States wouid treat
them fairly. This was because the
United States is in the habit of dealing
fairly with all struggling peoples and
not because I had been authorized to
say anything of the kind.
"We purposely did not give the insur
gents notice of our attarji on Manila
because we did not need thr-ir co-opera
tion and did not purpose to have it. Wo
were moved by fear that they might
loct and plunder and possiuty murd< p.
iguinaldo's subordinate leaders, in
»onvfrsing with American officers, r'ro
'.lently said they intended t ■ cut th
tVroat-s of nil the Spaniard.3 :n Manila.
'Apru:naldc himself wrote a <omplain
ir>% letter saying the Insurgents had
N'c denied 'their share ot the loot, 1
I whoever he may have meant by th..t.
i I tout no rotice of this letter nor do I
j think the subject now raised is a niat-
I ter ik discussion between Asiilnnldo
and ai.v representative of tne Am«»riej,n
Goverum-:. I."
Fa;test Boat in Our Navy.
NEWPORT. R. 1.. Nov. 16.— The tor
pedo-boat Dupont to-day proved herself
to he the Ustest boat In the T'nited States
navy. Du.lng torpedo practice in Nar
ragansett lay she demonstrated a soeed
of over thirty knots with only two boilers
in use. HJr contract speed was '>!' -
knots for th-ee boilers.
Dartmoutl's Ex-President Dead.
HANOVER, N. H.. Nov. 16.— Rev. Dr.
Samuel Colcort Bartlett, former president
of Dartmouth College, died at his homo
hero to-night <X acute indigestion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1898.
CHRISTIAN WOMEN
END THEIR WORK
Close of the National
Convention.
MRS.CARSE'S TOUCHING ADIEU
WITHDRAWS AFTER NINETEEN
YEARS' SERVICE.
Resolutions Protesting Against the
Existence of Army Canteens
Receive Unanimous
Approval.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PAUL, Nov. 16.— The last day of the
Women's Christian Temperance Union
convention showed a decided falling off in
attendance. The business was a continua
tion of the reports from affiliated inter
ests.
After devotional services, in charge of
Miss Greenwood , the report of the Wom
an's Temperance Publishing' Association, in
connection with which another sensation
from Mrs. Carse was looked for, was
taken up. Mrs. Carse, president of the
association, read the report.
The cash receipts of the association for
the year were 1136,180, cash expenditures
5136.T00, a sain of $2t7s. The memorial
volume has passed 100,900 in Its circulation.
Various publications have fallen off in cir
culation, but the receipts from subscrip
tions have increased materially.
At the conclusion of the formal report
Mrs. Carse said this would bo her last
national convention until she could come
and say the Temple had been paid for. It
might be long, but she hoped tor the time
when she could come back. She nad been
president of the Woman's Temperance
Publishing Association for nineteen years,
but must resign, as she had other work
to do. She held a little stock in it. which
she wished to present to the association,
asking only to be allowed to vote it. •
Mrs. Carse then made a moving refer
ence to her acquaintance with and love
for Mrs Stevens, the new president, and
as she finished Miss Gordon came to the
front of the platform, the grouning of tne
three prominent figures of the conven
tion—Mrs Carse. Mrs. Stevens and Miss
Gordon— calling for hearty applause. At
this point a photographer, who had been
brought In by the superintendents, caught
a picture of the three leaders,, afterward
taking anoth-r picture of the full set of
officers Miss Gordon then, on behalf of
the convention, formally invited Mrs.
Carse to attend the convention whether
she had paid for the Temple or not.
Mrs Lucy Thurman of Michigan pre
sented the report on the work among the
colored people. North Carolina, having
paired 600 members, was awarded the de
partment banner. The department of lit
erature presented ?200 worth of literature
for the use of the colored people's depart
ment. Mrs. Sophia F. Grubh of Kansas
reported on th-- work among the foreign
ers Mrs. Frances W. Leiter of Ohio gave
her report on physical culture. The local
temperance legion was represented by
Mr.- Helen G. Rice of Massachusetts.
Instead of hearing the reports of the or
ganizers the entire body of organizers was
called to the platform for a greeting and
t nk the opportunity to present a hand
some tea set to Mrs. Stevenson, the retir
ing corresponding secretary who was ex
efflcio leader of the organizers. The re
port of the oommittet on resolutions was
presented and the convention devoted
over two hours to the improvement of the
Phraseology of the resolutions.
A resolution on the death of Miss \\ll
lard was adopted separately, to the effect
that "her life uplifted life. She was the
world's friend. Her penius and devotion,
her clear vision of duty and swift reali
zation her eager listening to the next
divine word, and her glad Incorporation of
thai word into deeds of widest helpful
ness, made the Woman's Christian "l'-m
perance Union what it is to-day. May her
influence incite us to carry her v/ork
for humanity."
Strong total abstinence resolutions were
adopted and the following in regard to
the relations of the United States Gov
ernment to the liquor business:
(a). Revenue in general — The Income of the
general Government from the revenue re
ceived from the manufacturer* and dealers in
intoxicating drinks deadens the public con
science to the evils of the business and makes
distillers brewers and saloon-keepers arro
gant and dictatorial to the Government on the
ground of its being its benefactor*.
We therefore condemn these revenues as cor
ruptors of the public conscience and a menace
to our republican form- of government.
(b) Revenue from prohibition districts — \\ c
condemn the receiving of revenue by the gen
eral Government from the sale of intoxicating
liquors for beverage purposes in localities
where such sale is prohibited by law. because It
encourages the holders of these receipted tax
bills, who constitute a class of habitual crim
inals, to violate State and municipal law.
(c). The canteen system — Canteens are 'more
deadly than bullets, and our army in field, mili
tary. Dost and camp? and our veteran sol
diers' homes are impoverished and • debauched
by them. ■■
We therefore protest against soldiers being de
tailed as bartenders and the use of -blood
money for hospital supplies, and we call upon
the chief executive and the general. Gov
ernment to abolish the system. To this end
we urge the passage of the Ellis bill,- now
pending in the United States Congress, pro
hibiting the rale of liquor on all grounds or
buildings owned or controlled by the Govern
ment, and we urge the passage of a law pro
hibiting the sale of liquors in our new posses
sions smtl In all territory that shall be acquired
by us. ....;.-
On prohibition the resolutions gave
place to the following:
We reaffirm our oft-repeated conviction that
the prohibition of the liquor traffic Is the ynly
solution of th" temperance problem, and Insist
that true patriotism demands a united and de
termined effort which shall not cease until pro
hibition is eMTOaqed in the constitution of
every State of the Union and In the federal
■•: nstttution !n Washington.
The expression on the ballot says:
Whereas, God created man In his own image,
male and female, and gave them dominion,
thereJore,
Resolved. That we believe In the equal rights
of both to hold opinions and to express the
same in the home ami on the platform. In the
pulpit and at the ballot-box.
The other resolutions Indorsed interna
tional arbitration, temperance, education,
living wages and purity of life.
The evening session opened with a chil
dren's hour, with singing and recitations
i by the St. Paul Sunday-school children.
:As they quoted Scripture texts they
placed chrysanthemums in a large wreath
about a picture of Miss Wlllard, and then
the group was taken in a flashlight pic
ture.
Invitations for the next convention were
I presented by Seattle and L.os Angeles, on
! the Pacific Coast; Portland. Me.; Detroit,
iMich.; Niagara Falls. N. V. ; Cincinnati,
: and a gener.il invitation from the State
; of Texas. The choice of place was left to
I the executive committee.
Then came the presentation of banners.
1 Pennsylvania was awarded the old ban
ner for the largest membership. Kansas
took the banner for the greatest gain in
membership and also for the largest
county increase. Harvey, 111., gained the
banner for largest local union gain. Ohio
was given the old banner for increase in
members, Indiana for the largest mm asr>
in membership during the yoar, receiving
what is known a* tho "White Ribbon Star
spangled Banner," which was suggested
by Mlsa AVillard at the last convention,
1 making the second banner won by that
The consecration services. Mrs. Stevens
i presiding, brief Scripture quotations, sing
! ing the parting hymn and the benediction
i closed the convention.
SCELEY ORDERED HOME.
Summoned From Porto Tftico to
Await Further Orders.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— An order was
issued from the Navy Department to-day
detaching Admiral Schley from duty with
the Porto Rico Evacuation Commission
and ordering him home to await further
orders.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, November 16.
fitmr Charlps Nelson, Anderson. 76 hours frm
Schr Nettie Sundborg-, Johnson, 10 hours from
Pish Rock.
Stmr Scctla, Thompson, 19 hours from Rock
port.
Bktn Chehalls. Simonsen, 60 days from New
castle, NSW.
Br ehlp Norma, McDonnell, 147 days from
Antwerp.
COLONEL CHALMERS SCOTT
PASSES AWAY AT SAN DIEGO
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 16.— Colonel Chal
mers Scott, for many years one of the
best known and most highly respected
citizens of San Diego, died at noon to
day at his home at First and Ivy
streets, at the age of 53 years. Colonel
Scott's life was of a most eventful
character. He was born in New Or
leans, May 9, 1845, and came with his
parents to San Francisco, where his
father. Rev. William A. Scott, was
pastor of St. John's Episcopal Church
for seven years. Young Scott attended
the law department of the University
of New York % graduating ut the head
of his class. After a year spent in
a New York law office, he returned to
San Francisco and entered the law
office of Haight & Pierson. He was for
tunate in securing a position as a
special correspondent to the New York
Herald from China, and as such made
a three months' tri- to China, rushing
In a 2000-word scoop over the wires.
On his return, in the spring of 1870, he
came to San Diego and practiced law
for a time, was appointed County
Clerk in 1871, and the next spring went
out as an engineer on the Texas Pacific
Railroad survey. He returned to the
law in 1573, and was married the next
year to Miss Maria A. Couts. daughter
of Cave J. Couts. He then went to the
Guajome ranch to live, and the next
year was appointed Deputy State
Treasurer. He was compelled to return
to Guajome on account of his health,
where ho lived till he fell into the em
ploy of the California Southern Rail
way in ISSO.
After this he was engaged most of the
time in the civil engineering business,
traveling all over the western part of
the United States, and going to Guate
mala in 1883, where he was chief engi
KIDNAPED WOMAN
ABOARD A SLOOP
Strange Story Told by a
Sailor.
FEMALE COOK CARRIED OFF
COUP EXECUTED BY THE CAP
TAIN OF THE TRILBY.
Informant Is Arrested on a Misde
meanor Charge, While the
Vessel Hurriedly Puts
to Sea.
Freoial Dt^atch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 16.— Captain A.
W. Hall of the sloop Trilby, which ar
rived from San Francisco a few days
ago. had J. Finnigan, a sailor, arrested
last night for disturbing the peace
aboard the sloop.
Finnigan says there 1b a woman
aboard, who is being taken to Mexico
against her will. Through Cullen's
employment agency in San Francisco
the woman obtained a position as cook,
being told the Trilby was a largf
schooner. When she saw the sloop she
did not like its character and demand
ed that she be put ashore, but the
captain refused. Orders were given
the sailors not to allow her ashore.
When a constable went aboard to ar
rest Finnigan the woman, who said her
name was Susie, but refused to give
her surname, was hysterical. When
the officer started to go aboard the
sloop to investigate the case he found
the sloop had left in the direction of
Monterey. The case against Finnigan
was dismissed, as the captain failed to
appear. The sloop is bound for Mex
ico after a cargo af abalone shells.
Hall claims the woman is his wife.
She has relatives in San Francisco.
Miss Delia Cullen, who conducts the
employment agency In this city through
which the woman Is said to have ob
tained the position of cook on the
Trilby, speaks In a more or less mys
terious way about the whole affair,
while claiming not to know anything
concerning It. She says that about
three weeks ago a man, evidently about
30 years of age, came to her office' and
said he wanted to engage a cook for a
voyage to Johajinesberg, but he re
fused to give his name or address.
Prior to this the woman, who had sev
eral times obtained employment
through the agency, came to the office
looking for another position. Miss Cul
len could not recall her name, but said
that she was about 40 years of age and
that she had a son 12 years old. The
woman had given satisfaction at the
places at which she worked. Miss Cul
len told her of the offer of the man who
wanted the cook, and after some cor
respondence the woman met the man
by appointment outside the office. She
afterward saw Miss Cullen, who ad
vised her that if the man would not
meet her at the office she should have
nothing to do with him. After the
woman had met the man she refused
to tell Miss Cullen what he had said to
her. This Is al! that Miss Cullen knows
of the affair, except that the woman did
not pay her office fee.
ELK YET REFUSES TO
MAKE A STATEMENT
Berg, the Man He Shot, Insists That
the Yacht Keeper Shall Not
Be Prosecuted.
SAN RAFAETy. Nov. 16.— Ike Elk still
refuses to make n statement of the facts
regarding the shooting of Berg on the
yacht Chlspa, and puts in most of his
time pacing nervously up and down his
cell. Ho poems to regard his release from
custody as a matter of only a few days,
and was surprised when told that no such
prospect confronted him. He was in
formed that it made no difference
whether or not he was connected with
the murder of Captain Brooks. He Is al
leged to have shot Berg, knowing who he
was shooting, and probably being aware
that his visitor meant no harm.
There are several things that look very
mysterious in the affair, the chief of
which is Berg's statement that he will
not prosecute Elk. though he asserts that
Elk shot him while aware that he was
not a burglar. Mrs. Elk's statements are
very conflicting. Berg informed a Call
reporter yesterday that Mrs. Elk de
clared her husband knew he was shoot
ing Berg, and would not even let her an
swer his call or open the door. To
others she is credited with the assertion
that her husband could be convicted of
no offense because he thought Berg was
a burglar and shot in self-defense. The
authorities believe that if Mrs. Elk wished
to tell what she knows a flood of light
would be thrown on what is now a mys-
tery.
Berg sent for District Attorney Mar
tinelli and Sheriff Harrison to-day and
made a statement to them. It was prac
tically embodied in the report in yester
day's Call. Berg said he did not want
Elk prosecuted.
COLONEL CHALMERS SCOTT.
neer In a great railroad project which
was carried out successfully.
He was engaged in the real estate
business here, and later was appointed
engineer for the survey of the Rosebud
Indian Agency of South Dakota.
SNOOK'S BILLS
AGAINST THE
SCHOOL BOARD
Juicy Contract for
Hardware.
MORE WORK FOR THE JURORS
RICH REWARD FOR A THICK
COAT OF WHITEWASH.
Thousands of Dollars Spent During
August for Books for Indi
gent School Chil
dren.
Within the last three days the Auditor's
office has been flooded with bills sent
down by the School Department,
and it is estimated that claims against
the board amounting to fully $SO.OCO are
yet to be presented. These claims are
being 1 held back as long as they possibly
can be, and the office of the secretary of
the board is fairly swamped with unpaid
demands. Pigeon-holes are clogged with
them, desks are heaped high and drawers
are overflowing. The ring seems to have
cast prudence to the -winds and sought
to bankrupt the city as it has the school
fund.
There is material enough in sight now to
keep the Grand Jury in session steadily
until the end of its term, and it looks as
though Expert Kilpatrick. instead of com
pleting his report in ten days, as he ex
pects, will be busy on it for a month at
least.
And those bills now in the hands of the
Auditor! What a story of recklessness,
not to say jobbery, they reveal — a story
that bids fair to prove the criminal deal
ings of the board as well as the conniv
ance of certain outsiders.
James A. Snook is one of these outsid
ers who seem destined to occupy no
little time and attention of the Grand
Jury before it concludes its investigations.
Snook has already been brought into more
prominence than he probably cares for,
through his connection with the recent
lease of the Lincoln School property,
which connection John P. Reynolds dwells
upon in his sensational suit.
Snook, it will be remembered, was sec
retary of the Grand Jury of a year or
more ago. He is also senior member of
the firm of James A. Snook & Co.. dealers in
carriage hardware and hardwood lumber,
130 First street. The Grand Jury of which
Snook was secretary distinguished itself
by filing a most laudatory report on the
Board of Education (the same board that
is still in office), its excellent financial
showing and a lot more rot of a similar
nature. Up to the filing of that report
Snook had been known merely as an ordi
nary business man and as secretary of the
Grand Jury.
In a remarkably short time after, how
ever, Snook was awarded a contract for
furnishing hardware to the Board of ;
Education — a contract of great magnitude,
according to the bills now in the Audi
tor's hands, though it will probably
puzzle many taxpayers to know what the
department can do with so much hard-
ware.
These bills do not necessarily show all
the goods purchased from Snook under
his contract, but only the purchases dur
ing last July and August. If there have
been any purchases since then the bills
are among those still held up by the
board. The purchases prior to July have
already been paid for. These are the
bills for the two months named: July 2,
one bill for $86 06; July 5. one hill for
$22 S9: July 27. thirteen bills of the total
amount of $1232 76; August 2. two bills for
$62 05; August 3, one bill for $3 46; August
18, six bills for a total of $219 78; August
27. twenty-two bills amounting to $1093 86,
a grand total of $2572 73 for hardware for
the two months.
Then there are bills from Weber & Co.
for school supplies. Weber & Co.j is the
firm Secretary Welch was with for many
years prior to hip entry into the School
Department, and it has the contract for
supplying school furniture. The bills now
in the Auditor's hands cover the period
from July 26 to September 10, and are as
follows: July 26. fourteen bills for a total
of $6659 90; August 27, thirteen bills for a
total of $5140 67; August 29, one bill for
$498 10; September 10. one bill for $2656.
The grand total of these bills is $14,963 67.
It may be claimed by members of the
Board of Education that much, if not all.
of this furniture was necessary to equip
the new Mission High School, but if
they sot up such a claim they will lay
themselves liable to the direct charge of
swindling the city, for the goods have
never been delivered there. An inspec
tion of the Mission High School was
made yesterday by a Call reporter and in
all the rooms it was found that the fur
nishings were extremely meager, and all
of the' cheapest possible description. Any
honest dealer in town would jump at an
offer to duplicate all the furniture in the
building tor $5000, and he would realize
handsomely on the Job.
San Francisco, like all large cities, has
Its poor, but it has been the boast of her
citizens that the percentage of indigent
is remarkably small, as compared to every
other city of its size in the Union. Great
will be the astonishment of th.i taxpayers,
then, to learn that on August 27 last, the
School Board purchased of Payot. Up
ham & Co. six bills of books for indigent
scnool children of the total value of
$3627 71. One can hardly conjecture what
it costs the city a year to send its poor
children to school, but the way this board
is distributing books broadcast the
amount must be enormous. That Is the
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
I The Annual Doll Show. «
£ {Major A. J. Criqui, smallest perfectly formed man in the world. «
* 7//^ Holiday Fairy Tableaux. J
£ 7>te sw/wrfc Thanksgiving Table in Lamp Department. ♦
The brilliant displays of Christmas goods and mmv other fe a- «
* /f/r« m ///^ grandest Holiday shopping place in California. J
Dinner Sets and Lamps. i
* Two timely subjects to talk about. Perhaps you are contem- <#
* plating buying an entire new dinner set for Thanksgiving, or maybe ]J
* you only need a few pieces to match the one that you have. What. ♦
* ever your wants, where else can you find the assortment and low <#>
* prices of the big store? 4
I Dinner Sets.
£, Semi-Porcelain Dinner Set in Rococo
IV Pattern, like picture.
\ The celebrated John Haddock & Sons'
* make, as thin and white as china, j
*> 103 pieces, for 12 persons CIQ Af|
* Carlsbad White China Dinner Sets, fes-
5 toon shape, 100 pieces, for 12 ift An
2 persons. 3>iy.UU ;
A The same set for 6 persons a***} QQ '
A {$2pieos) • «51^.y3
Ik Semi-Porcelain Dinner Set, enameled j
* flower decoration, with gold-tipped handle, ,<
* 103 pieces, for 12 persons ~q j
«
«l The same set /or 6 persons g.r~ <j —
A (52 pise*) -• • *** * ;'
A Semi-Porcelain Dinner Set, fancy shape ■
* gold-edge plates and dishes, with dainty |
* pink and green decorations, *>*(! q/\
* 103 pieces, for 12 persons CDIO- = >v
* The same set for 6 persons Q*m
J 32piece5)....^...3 2 pieces)....^... 3
* Genuine Carlsbad China Dinner Set, 1
j£ pink or violet decoration, fancy gold edge
5 plates and dishes, in the very latest de-
IV sign, as illustrated — C'J/l Tfl
,3, 100 pieces for 12 persons.. &***■• 'V»
A The same set for 6 persons, Cl c: g\f\
»52 pieces • &lO.UU
* Theo. Haviland Limoges China Dinner
'J Set, mat-gold edge, fancy shapes, neat and
J I pretty decorations, Lafayette pattern, the
», very latest design. ; COQ Gfl
A 100 pieces for 12 persons.. **»«O«
! The Emporium fiMBSU :
5 California' s Largest — America's Grandest Store. «
claim now on file in the Auditor's office
for that one date.
And still the School Directors whistle
and boldly declare their innocence of
wrongdoing^ _
BAZET DEMANDS
A CHEAP HOSPITAL
HE SAYS IT SHOULD SOON BE
BURNED.
An Interesting Meeting of the Board
of Health Held Last
Evening.
At a meeting of the BoarVi of Health
held last evening Dr. Bazet attacked the
scheme of the Supervisors to erect an ex
pensive City and County Hospital. The
doctor declared that it would be very
poor policy at this time to build a costly
permanent structure, because methods of
hospital treatment are rapidly improving
and a structure that would meet the re
quirements of to-day probably would be
obsolete in its facilities and appliances
for' the care of the sick a dozen years
hence. The doctor declared that the new
hospitals in Europe were all being erected
on the temporary plan, so that they could
be torn down at an early day and re
placed. Another advantage found in a
cheap temporary hospital building was
that it could be burned aiter a short
time and the microbes of disease within
its walls killed. According to Dr. Bazet
the walls and floors of all old hospitals
accumulate disease germs, which it is
impossible to destroy by fumigation.
Other members of the Board of Health
coincided with Dr. Bazet in his views on
the subject, and it is quite possiote that a
recommendation to the Supervisors will
be framed asking that the new hospital
when built shall be of cheap construction,
with no permanent characteristics.
The city physician reported that he had
inspected Chinatown and had xound good
sanitary conditions prevailing.
The city chemist was instructed to in
vestigate the water supply of San Fran
cisco
The salary of Statistician Griffin was
raised from" $100 per month to $150.
The trial of Chief Food Inspector Dock
erv on the pending charges of drunken
ness and inefficient- was set for Monday,
November 2S. The >oard will also discuss
the financial situation on that night, as
the Supervisors will have determined on
the question of an extra allowance of
money to the Health Department by that
Dr J G Fitzgibbons was present at the
meeting, having recovered from a ->ro
tracted Illness.
Welsh Church Bazaar.
A bazaar and supper was given last
night at Cambrian Hall under the aus
pices of the Welsh Ladies' Aid Society.
There were several attractive booths at
which articles were disposed of. The
proceeds will go toward the erection of a
Welsh church in this city, a lot on
Eleventh street having been already se
cured A musical programme was well
r. ceived. and the whole affair was under
the direction of Mrs. James Smith, presi
dent- Mrs. Hugh J. Lloyd, secretary," and
Mrs. R. J. Hughes, treasurer.
Maguire Still Speaking.
Judge James G. Maguire, the recently
defeated gubernatorial candidate, ad
dressed the Democratic Central Club at
Pythian Castle last night. The theme of
the speaker'a remarks was, "Let the
Fight Go On." He offered no excuse for
his defeat or that of his party, but he said
principle would triumph in the end, and
although they might be defeated again
the Democratic party in the end would
ba successful. He gave practically the
Lamps,
riat^ .s;. s ; V " v ' A pretty decorated <#>
•f^^b Lamp, like picture, ♦
-A-jgl^ with bowl and 7-inch ♦
1^ shade to match, com- J
?^«^ plete for QC 5
C '"^^oc^l^y The p°p ular Jun ° *
caLn^^i^^ Nickel Lamp, round <f
\lMSj[/^ burner, sixty candle- ♦
I^ajr' power, with ten-inch "•"
Vjjlfe^ white dome shade, *
ffse^^B complete mg\ 2,
MW.^ (^ for. $l - 50 s
tr^S^^^l Polished Brass
X^JvJhSy 2^/ Lamp, like picture, <f
t^^^S^^^ with twisted enam- ♦'
eled pillar, round <•
center draft, sixty candle-power burner ♦
and handsomely decorated globe, q.~ .3 J,
complete f0r..... - !^.13 J
Polished Brass Ban- «f^L 4
quet Lamp, with deco- Xsg^?^\ <"
rated porcelain pillar fjH^C^igk ♦
bowl and globe t< [Sjjft *•
match, . round center 1 /fiEV 3f*'i S
draft burner; this Lamp \ ■Ty^^^jj X
thirty inches high, com- v^^^^r '
P ! e . t . e . ::::: $5.50 ♦
Wrought Iron Ban- HMIs <
quet Lamp, very fancy Xs|jJSffii|r * !
frame, round center S' ♦'
draft burner, fancy %>' < a 2,
globe, com- cc ri! f ' I «*
plete 53«03 ; |
Rich Gold Finished %%, pi •«
Hall Lamp, with ruby z||^ aL ; ♦
gli> b e com- — 1-| vj»y| l^* I**"1 **" \ *
Rich Gold Library -,
Lamp, with spring ex- *
ten§ ion and 14-inch cone shade, o'j -*v 4*
burner and chimney *9£**t\M ■■
;<*»
Rich Gold Library Lamp, round center ♦
draft burner, sixty candle power, with <•
spring extension and 14-inch q— (.*> ♦
dome, shade complete, for v!>v>«OU *
Polished Brass Porcelain Bowl Lamp, J
with shade decorated in gold and round #,
center draft burner, sixty can- ..
die-power, complete for *9*»§3 +
same speech that he made through the
campaign, railing against monopoly and
the Republican party in general. Judge
Lawlor spoke briefly after Judge Maguire
had finished.
ART EXHIBITION.
L. P. Latimer's Pupils Hold Their
Annual Picture Show.
The annual studio exhibition and recep
tion of the art pupils of L. P. Latimer,
which began yesterday afternoon in the
Crocker building and continued during the
evening^ attracted quite a large number
of the swell set.
About 350 pieces were on exhibition.
These included oil and water colors, pas
tels and a number of sketches in black
and white.
The exhibition was most creditable. It
will be continued to-day from noon until
5 o'clock. During the evening a number
of musical selections were rendered and
punch was served.
A Young Hunter's Mishap.
John Reynolds, a young man aged 16
years, while out hunting in^ a marsh south
of the Pesthouse, met wltft a serious ac
cident yesterday forenoon. While fumb
ling with his gun it .exploded and injured
his left hand in such a manner as to cause
his removal to the City and County Hos
pital, where Dr. Tillman dressed the In
jured limb. Although the flesh was car
ried away and the hand badly burned, yet
it Is thought that amputation will not be
necessary.
His Hand Crushed by a Boiler.
John Guerrero, a young man engaged In
Hooper's lumber yard at the' foot of
Fourth street, had his left hand badly
crushed by being dragged under a roller
while rolling logs on a truck. He was
conveyed to the City and County Hospi
tal, where Dr. Abram attended to his in
juries.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WE AIM TO
Excel in the art of laundrying shirts,
collars and cuffs.
Your collars never come back with
ragged edges. Our new "saw-edge"
machine smooths them down and
makes an old collar as comfortable
to wear as a new one.
The United States Laundry, offica
1004 Market street Telephone
South 42a
5no_text6
f&hz vi JllS^Cli all
THURSDAY NOVEMBER 17, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Propriety. _
r ; •-' Address All Communications to W.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
•^ ••..;• Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
£« , Telephone Mala 1874.
* THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY)*
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year: per month
■. • 6b" cents. • , >, • ■
* THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE »08 Broadway
NEW., YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
* DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
- : WASHINGTON (». C.) OFFICE Rlftft» Hoos*
f • ' •'■• ' C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mar-quettc Building j
; ... C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative,
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay.
f open until 9:30 o'clock-' 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
:': ' O'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 3:30 : o'clock
. . »4l Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
"' street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2618
j:- Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- »06 Eleventh j
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
wntll 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-s«coiv4 •!»•
Kentucky street*, open until 9 clock. ;[ ..■■■
AMUShMENTa
California— "Northern Lights."
Columbia— Kellar. the Musician.
Baldwin— "Mistakes Will Happen."
Alcazar— "A Fool of Fortune."
Morosco's— "A Midnight Trust."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Orpheum — Concert This Afternoon.
Tlvoll -"Suzette."
Comedy— "Under the Dome."
Tlw Chutes— Gorilla Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympla — Corner Mason and Kdciy Streets, Specialties.
Sutro's Sathn— Swimming.
Inglestde Track— Races To-day.
Roeenthal — Coming In December.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank "W. JUitterfleld— This Day, November 17, at 11
•'clock. Furniture, at 504 Devisadero street.
By Easton, Eldridge & Co.— This Day. November 17, at 2
O'clock, Turkish and Persian Rugs, at 125 Geary street.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Monday, November 21, at 11 o'clock,
Livery Stable, at 1123 Mission street.
THE SUBJECT OF RECOUNTS.
IN one respect elections in their subsequent effects
resemble a warm rain. The latter is usually fol
lowed by a luxuriant crop of weeds. Elections
are always followed by a generous crop of recounts.
At the present time large numbers of candidates,
dissatisfied with the announced results of the late
vote, are considering the advisability of expending
more of their money upon lawyers and tally clerks.
In no case is any hope held out that a recount will
change the semi-official totals, but these candidates
are said to "think" they have been elected, and to
consequently entertain serious doubts as to whether
or not a mistake has not been made in the returns.
The threatened crop of recounts presents some in
teresting mental phenomena. It seems that when a
politician makes up his mind that tie is entitled to
re-election, the most difficult thing in the world is to
convince him that he has been defeated. Constant
reflection only serves to make him more certain that
he is invincible. Especially is this true of office
holders who have for a long time been in receipt of
a salary. To them the idea that the people have con
cluded to dispense with their services is incompre
hensible. How the government will get along with
out them is to them an impenetrable mystery.
Among those who are talking of a recount is Judge
Wallace. It is said that this jurist's friends believe he
was" counted out by the "criminal element." The
idea is that the Board of Election Commissioners,
controlled by Mayor Phelan, appointed upon the pre
cinct boards a *ufticient number of criminals to direct
the canvass adverse to Judge Wallace. These men,
it is intimated, took^bout 2000 votes away from him
and distributed them among Judges who deal more
leniently with crime than he does — Judges Seawell
and Troutt, for instance, who never try criminal
cases; Judge Borden, who has been trying them
only a few weeks: and Judge. Murasky, who never
tried a criminal case in his life.
t The absurdity of such reasoning as this can
scarcely be estimated. Judge Wallace has served on the
Superior bench twelve years. Judge Low has served in
the Police and Justices' Court eight years, Judge
Joacblmsen has served in the same capacities for
twenty years, Block has been Tax Collector for six
years and Siebe Assessor for eight years. All these
gentlemen have been dropped because the people con
cluded it was time to give somebody else a chance.
Office-holding is not a perpetual trust. It has a limit,
and in some cases the limit is reached at the end of
two and in others at the end of three terms. It is no
reflection on these defeated candidates that they have
been retired. All the people have done is to check
their disposition to convert their offices irrto per
petuities.
THAT SWATS THE MATTER.
THERE is always trouble in the British Indian
possessions. Just now it is due to the forceful
Swat. With the personal characteristics of the
Swat, the people of the United States have not the
joy of being familiar. The name, however, is omin
ous. It suggests hostile activity. An official Swat
leading to battle a regiment of Swats would naturally
inspire a feeling of uneasiness on the part of the
enemy. The Secretary for India, being asked if there
was trouble brewing, might fittingly answer, "That
Swat's the matter."
We observe with apprehension that the boss Swat
is moving against the Nawab of Dir. This latter
gentleman is also more or less of a stranger out this
way, but we never heard anything particular against
him, and hope that he will not get the worst of the
encounter. To be licked by a Swat would be a
humiliating experience, unless it happened to be of
the variety which searches out the solar plexus.
The matter is not one calling for aggressive sym
pathy, yet a Nawab might be a gentleman, while to
think of a Swat as anything but an untamed pugilist
fighting in defiance of ring rules is impossible.
Already the fact is piain that the trial of Mrs. Bot
kin is to be an expensive affair. By the time it has
been repeated twice and gone to the highest court
California will conclude that the Botkin woman is a
luxury.
' Nobody believes that the K;iiser will preserve strict
incognito while in Spain. There are some thnigs
even the Kaiser cannot do, and one of these is to hide
his royal head under a bushel.
Prospects of troops coming home from Manila are
not nearly so bright as that the soldiers will have to
remain there long enough to beat a little sense into
Aguinaldo.
Altgeld says that free silver is still a live issue.
AJtgeld is bo authority. He isn't alive himself.
A GOOD TIME TO GO SLOWLY.
THERE is ahead a time of political peace and
abundant leisure in which to consider all paths
proposed for this country to follow, out of the
war path.
It has been urged that we need tropical conquests
to promote trade. Our foreign trade in the islands
and countries of Asia has been promoting itself with
out the help of conquest. Its expansion is impres
sively expressed in these statistics:
1893 our exports to Japan were... $ 3,195,400
1897 they were W '* ss '2s
18M our exports to China were 3,900,000
1897 they exceeded 11,900,000
1893 our* exports to Australia were.... 7,920.000
1897 they were 17,460,000
1893 our exports to Oceanica were 11,200,000
1897 they were 22,650,000
The expansion in four years was $38,900,400. All
that was gained without the expense of military con
quest and the higher cost of governing conquered
colonies.
The Philippines, Cuba and Porto Rico combined
absorb only $32,000,000 of imports annually. If we
take those islands and get all of that trade, it will add
an inconsiderable percentage to our exports, and the
profit of it will not pay 1 per cent of the cost of gar
risoning and governing them. Of course we will not
get all that trade. Other nations will divide it with
us, while they will bear none of the burdens of gov
erning an alien people.
There is some. talk about increasing the absorbing
capacity of the people of these islands, but there is
no evidence that their wants can be increased, re
quiring an increased supply, by any change in their
government. Their soil and climate supply al
most spontaneously their physical wants, and no
change in flags can change natural conditions. The
energy our people must expend in holding distant
possessions, under the vertical sun of the tropics, if
put into extending our trade with Central and South
America, would bring in one year richer returns than
we can get in any score of years out of tropical colo
nies.
If our export trade were languishing, and our sur
plus production congesting on our hands, there might
be some argument for even a doubtful experiment.
But with a steady and enormous increase in the
world's demand for what we have to sell and supply
there is every argument for the avoidance of experi
ments.
These considerations are on the practical, the com
mercial, side of the issue. When the proposition is
examined on its ethical side, in the light of its prob
able effect upon our people, and the change it im
plies in our government and its methods, there is j
even less to be said for imperial militarism. The les
son of our hundred days' war in the tropics
will surely not be lost. From every camp, ;
from Manila, Honolulu, Porto Rico and
Santiago, by every mail comes the lengthen
ing roster of the dead. Fever-smitten soldiers lan
guish in the hospitals, and the bugle wails "taps"
hourly over the dead. Americans will not volunteer
to fill up the ranks of the regular army to the 100,000
soldiers required for service and garrison duty in
those tropical stations. It is idle to talk about any j
care and sanitary reforms that will curb these fatali- :
ties. The climate is poison to our race, and nothing \
can either change it or adapt white men to it. Our j
brief experience in Cuba and Porto Rico has proved j
that even our negro troops are not immune. They ]
have been changed by. 200 years passed in the temper- j
ate zone. Why need we go abroad for problems to
solve, to hunt trouble, to seek burdens, to increase
taxation and to prepare a reaction that will push our j
very government from its constitutional moorings?
OUR NEW INFLUENCE.
SOME of the best authorities on European poli
tics attribute the recent change in the situation
there to the effects of our war with Spain. To
the victories of our navy at Santiago and Manila is
due in their judgment the new boldness of Great
Britain in dealing with foreign affairs and the hesita
tion of the Continental alliances to act against her.
The argument for this view of the situation is
simple. Prior to the outbreak of the war with Spain
Great Britain was without a friend among the great
nations of the earth, and, moreover, was by no means
sanguine that her navy was more than a match for any
combination that could be brought against it. Under
such conditions Salisbury was cautious to the
verge of timidity. The nation, like its leader, was dis
trustful, and willingly supported the waiting policy
on every issue that arose.
The war with Spain brought out a strong public
sentiment in the United States favorable to Great
Britain, and it demonstrated in a striking way the
superiority of American seamanship in handling mod
ern navies. Both of these things had a stimulating
effect upon the British. The first led to the conclu
sion that Great Britain would have American sym
pathy and probably American aid in case of a war
against heavy odds, and the second aroused a belief
that her seamen, like those of the United States,
would be so much better fighting men than those of
other races that she could afford to face all Europe
i[ need be and win in the conflict.
Whether these ideas among the British. are justi
fied or not does not affect the situation. The fact
that they are believed by the Government and by the
people is the important point. Self-confidence has as
much to do with the actions of nations as with those
of individuals. The British are no longer cautious. The
empire has resumed the aggressive. There is no
longer any sign of retreat from the most advanced
position, either in Africa or in Asia.
Strangely enough, the idea of a probable co-opera
tion between Great Britain and the United States
seems to have affected the nations of Continental
Europe almost as strongly as the British themselves.
Many of the ablest journals in Germany and France
have discussed it as a coming menace to the world.
Among these powers, therefore, there has been an
increased cautiousness just as in Great Britain there
has been an increased boldness. Consequently we
now hear Salisbury declaring that the formal annexa
tion of Egypt to the empire may yet be accomplished,
and no protest comes from any quarter of the globe.
If these views be well taken we have another illus
tration, of the far-reaching effects of wars and battles.
Our military influence has become a factor in the
great game of* international politics without any in
tention on our part of exerting such influence. Our
victories are felt in the affairs of Asia and Africa as
well as in the Philippines and the West Indies, and
the end is not yet.
At this writing a revolution is in progress some
where in Central America. There will probably be one
to-morrow also, but it will in all likelihood be an
other. Those warm-blooded scrappers want their
revolutions fresh.
Under the law as construed in Nevada it is no
crime to buy votes there. Somebody may use this
to revive the allegation that Nevada is a rotten bor
ough, an allegation heretofore made and indignantly
refuted
THE SAN FRAIN CISCO CALL, THUBSDAY, KOVEMBER 17, 1898.
COLONEL WILLIAM J. BRYAN is quoted as
having stated to a reporter of the Associated
Press that the result of the recent. election was
not a "sweeping Republican victory," that it was not
a verdict upon the silver question, because that issue
was not before the people, and, finally, that the out
look for the supporters of the Chicago platform is as
bright as ever.
Colonel Bryan is to be congratulated upon his
ability to stand punishment. He is like the Kansas
man who, having been taken up by a tornado and
slammed against his barn so hard that it knocked
the roof off, rose up as soon as he recovered con
sciousness and swore, "It never touched me." If he
cannot see defeat for his debased money programme
in the tremendous majorities" given for Republican
candidates in this off year following the great tidal
wave of 1896, then certainly he will never see any
thing beyond his own nose as long as he is a living
candidafe.
Never since the close of the war has Democracy
been in such a collapsed condition as at this time.
The party which in 1892 elected Cleveland to the
Presidency and controlled by etrong majorities both
the House and the Senate has now been almost wiped
out of the whole country with the exception of the
Southern States. Not only are the President, the
Senate and the House Republican, but an almost un
broken line of Republican States extends from the
Atlantic to the Pacific.
When the next Congress meets a Democratic Sen
ator from a Northern or Western State will be some
thing like a freak — a survivor of the flood. States
like New York, Connecticut, Indiana and California,
which in times past were considered doubtful, have
gone over to the solidly Republican column. Even
the border States of the South have turned in the
same direction, and Delaware, Maryland and West
Virginia are in the galaxy that stand for sound
money, protection and conservative government.
Not only has the party been utterly defeated at the
polls, but it has been driven to virtually abandon its
standard. If free trade and free silver and the Chi
cago declarations generally were not issues in the
late elections, it was simply because the Democrats
dared not raise them. As a matter of fact they were
the determining issues, although they were not dis
cussed on the stump. The people understood them,
and they voted the Republican ticket because back of
the dodging Democrats there was plainly to be seen
the menacing shadow of the Chicago platform.
Bryan sees all this wreck of his party. He sees it
Swept from every State except those of the South,
and even in those States it is upheld simply by the
race issue and not by any devotion to free silver or
free trade, and yet he declares everything is serene.
Here is clearly the blindest leader that ever undertook
to lead the blind. He has not only led his party into
the ditch, but now that he is there he does not know
the ditch from the highway.
THE FIGHT FOR PURE FOOD.
r\ NUMBER of gentlemen interested in the en-
I / \ forcement of pure food laws, and representing
; influential associations in the city, are reported
! tc have started a movement to bring about the crea
| tion of a State bureau of three Commissioners to su-
I pervise the operation of such laws and to have juris
i diction over local health officers. A bill providing
for the proposed commission is said to have been vir
tually agreed on and will be urged upon the Legisla
ture during the coming winter.
Upon the general subject of enforcing the pure
food laws of the State there is little or no difference
of opinion among intelligent people. The producers
of pure food and all consumers are keenly interested
in the issue. It is well known that the manufacture
and sale of impure or "sophisticated foods," as they
i are sometimes called, injuriously affect legitimate
| business in such articles as well as work a grievous
i wrong upon purchasers. Public sentiment in this
! city, and to a large extent throughout the State, has
i been aroused upon the subject, and a strong popular
| support is assured to any well directed movement
toward making the enforcement of pure food laws
niore universal and more stringent.
Conceding all that may be urged upon that point,
! it remains doubtful whether it would be advisable to
establish the proposed bureau. California has had a
! great deal of experience with bureaus and commis-
I sions. The experience has been long and various
and tolerably comprehensive. Almost everything we
have undertaken has been to some extent managed
by a commission. The people are, therefore, prepared
to speak on this issue with something of expert
authority. It is a subject they understand.
It is well known" that most of our commissions have
been failure's. As a rule they have not been clothed
! with sufficient power to act effectively nor given suffi
cient money to do anything of genuine usefulness.
Most of them have been simply an expense to the
State and nothing more. The Commissioners have
j drawn their salaries, made their reports, and that has
been the end of their work.
So futile have been the majority of these bureaus
that there has been a demand for their abolition. It
is certain, therefore, the people will not look with
favor uponthe creation of a new commission, unless
exceptionally strong arguments can be given for it
! and unless it can be assured that the commission will
be able to render a real service to the community.
The prospect of obtaining a comprehensive en
forcement of pure food laws by a State commission
is not encouraging. The work can never be effec
tually done by any power less than that of the nation.
So long as national authority remains inactive on the
subject the work, -we believe, can be best performed
by local authorities. The Board of Health in this city
has recently shown what can be performed in that
| way. If other localities are not willing to enforce
) the laws for their own protection, it is not likely a
! State board could make them do it. It will be well
for us to devise some means of getting good work
out of the commissions we have before we begin the
creation of new ones.
The votes of the Kansas troops show them to be
good citizens as well as good soldiers. No more
Governor Leedy for them. This official was respon
sible for sending to California the worst equipped
regiment bound for Manila, and the boys seem to
have remembered it.
According to General Breckinridge General Shafter
h not above criticism. If he will name a few people
who are, the public will scan the list with interest.
Those who have attained perfection are rare.
Roosevelt's slighting remark concerning the value
of volunteers other than those commanded by him
self cost him many soldier votes, and it is remarkable
that it did not cost him all.
In a fight with a lawyer the other man had his nose
bitten off, but despite the shortening of the organ it
will be the prominent feature of the trial.
Uncle Sam still says, he will not tolerate delay, and
keeps right on tolerating it
THE DEMOCRATIC COLLfIPSE.
NATIONAL VICTORY AND PRIVATE RUIN.
Some of the most difficult problems of colonial administration are forc
ing themselves upon the people of this country with startling rapidity. Al
ready we have our hands full of trouble in Cuba and in the Philippines the
condition of affairs is quite as bad, though, owing to distance and diffi
culty of communication, It is not brought so prominently under public no
tice. Practically all that has been accomplished by Dewey's brilliant vic
tory at Manila is the creation of a condition of anarchy, with Its attendant
horrors of robbery and bloodshed. Beyond the suburbs of Manila, beyond
the range of American guns, there is no law in the distressed Philippines.
We have rendered the Spaniards powerless to preserve order, but have
omitted to provide a substitute for their deposed authority. This is not
colonial government, it is sheer criminal neglect. Morally, if not legally,
the United States is responsible for every plantation destroyed, for every
life lost while this barbaric state of affairs is allowed to continue.
By the strange irony of fate an American citizen has been the first
to suffer by insurgent and Spanish depredation. I do not know how It is
that the case has been overlooked in this country; perhaps men's minds
have been too occupied with the elections to think of their distressed fel
low citizens. But luckily the case has been taken up in London by no less
a person than W. T. Stead, the notable founder of the Review of Reviews.
Now Stead, although he is in some respects a bit of a crank, is a man of
energy and purpose. When he champions a cause you may be sure there
is something in it, and you may also be sure that Stead will not let go
until the grievance has been aa far as possible redressed.
Briefly, here is the story as Stead tells jt- A few years ago a young
American of the name of Wilson settled on the island of Cebu and started
a large sugar plantation. He was no stranger to the islands, having al
ready officiated as American Consul. Wilson prospered with his planta
tion and had about 250 natives constantly in his employment when news
came of the outbreak of an insurrection. This was speedily followed by a
Spanish attack upon the town of Cebu, and Wilson's position— placed as
It were between two fires— became precarious. Though he had no wife to
care for he was accompanied by his mother, a North Country English
woman. This lady, ruined and broken hearted, returned recently to her
native land. Hence the interest which the case has excited in London.
The destruction of Wilson's plantation and his subsequent arrest and
trial by the Spanish occurred just about the time of the battle of Manila,
The planter, indeed, was lucky to escape with his life from the hands of a
revengeful foe, and that he is free to-day is solely due to the exertions of
Mr. Kincombe, an Englishman, who acts both as British and American
Vice Consul at Cebu. ,
The story of raid and rapine was the old one. First a riotous band
of insurgents appeared and declaring the Spanish were no longer masters
proceeded to strip the plantation of all the food and valuables they could
lay their hands on. Then they impressed Wilson's workmen aa unwilling
recruits, thus stopping work in the sugar mill and cane fields.
Next came the Spanish, and though they drove away the insurgents the
planter's position was in no way improved. In fact, he was worse off than
ever. Wilson hoisted the white flag and received the Spanish troops hos
pitably. Unluckily the insurgents chose that moment for attack, and
while they were driven off with great loss the Spaniards were furious at
having to fight under a broiling sun. They accused the unfortunate
American of being in league with the insurgents, though it was obvious to
any sane man that he was the victim of mob rule.
Explanations were vain. The enraged Spanish officers thirsted for Wil
son's blood and they hurried him, together with his aged and ailing mother,
down the mountain side to Toledo, where he was hustled on- board a war
ship. He was treated with every possible indignity, placed under arrest
upon a vessel crowded with Spanish soldiers, who amused themselves by
discussing the tortures to which their victims would shortly be subjected.
Even the officers took part in the cruel game and openly hinted at the exe
cution which they fondly hoped would take place in the near future.
By sheer luck the fugitives escaped murder before they reached Cebu,
but there Wilson found himself in a still more dangerous position. The
Americans had destroyed the Spanish fleet, and were practically in pos
session of Manila. The Spaniards thirsted for revenge, and if they could
not get- it in a large way, were quite willing to take it out on a small
scale upon the planter. Fortunately Kincombe was there and he fought a
noble battle with all his energy. Even a Spanish court could find no evi
dence to Justify a verdict against Wilson, and after many delays he was
finally permitted to depart for Singapore. There a ruined man, his planta
tion destroyed, he awaits the termination of the war in order that he may
return to Cebu and gather up the wreckage of his estate. Meanwhile hia
mother returned to England, where she has fortunately found an able
friend in Stead.
"Wilson's case is only one of many resulting from this lamentable
condition of affairs. The wreck of the plantation was directly traceable to
American interference in the Philippines, and the question naturally
arises: What is Uncle Sam going to do about it? Many other outrages of
the same kind have occurred, but have not yet been brought to light. In
every case the United States Government ie clearly responsible for the mis
rule which permitted the spoliationand there is a long list of claims
against the Government in prospect.
Either the United States must abandon the Philippines or else inaugu
rate stable rule. There is no middle course. As to the means necessary for
establishing proper administration. I cannot do better than quote from Lieu
tenant General Sir Andrew Clarke, who, more than twenty years ago, was
called upon to deal with a very similar problem In the Malay Peninsula.
The Malays are a pretty difficult race to handle; robbery and bloodshed
has been their occupation for centuries: they are tougher by far than any
people to be found in the Philippines. Yet here is Clarke's own record of his
success:
"The cardinal feature of interest in the story is the means by which
all piracy and land fighting, whether by Chinese or Malays, was absolutely
stamped out; by which taxation was almost abolished, slavery suppressed,
justice done, roads and railways constructed, prisons and hospitals built
and maintained, and above all, the chiefs reconciled to the new life and
the recognition of equality of all races and classes before the law. It has
been done by the Residents laying down and insisting on the constant rec
ognition of the principle that the Interests of the people they were set to
govern should be the first consideration of Government officers. By learn
ing their languages, their prejudices, their character, and by showing them
that consideration which alone can secure sympathy and a good understand
ing between Government and people, their respect, an 1 to some extent their
affection has been won. The natural tendencies of our race are not exact
ly inclined to these lines, and what has been done, and the present feeling as
to how the natives should be treated, is due to the personal influence of a
succession of Residents who gained their knowledge by their own intelli
gence and experience; for there were no authorities to consult, the adminis
trative experiment in the Malay Peninsula standing alone and having no
parallel in British administration of alien races."
If Uncle Sam is prepared to accept the Philippine contract here is an
object-lesson well worth study. J. F. ROSE-SOLKY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. Lustig, a prominent Tulare merchant,
is at the Lick.
Sheriff John L. Matthews of Salinas is
at the Grand.
Senator B. F. Langtord of Stockton Is
a guest at the Lick.
F. P. Pattee. a Valley Springs mining
man, is at the Grand.
E. Lauzon, a well-known Virginia City
mining man, is at the Russ.
Jerome Churchill, a prominent Yreka
capitalist, is at the Grand.
Bank Commissioner John Markley of
Geyservllle is at the Lick.
11. A. Preston, a well-known Jamestown
mining man, is at the Lick.
Dr. F. Howard Humphries of Honolulu
is a guest at the California,
John A. Ritchie, a well-known mining
man of Quincy, is at the Russ.
Charles R. Hopper, an extensive stock
raiser of Yolo. is at the Grand.
William B. Whitney, a Healdsburg capi
talist, Is registered at the Russ.
Dr. and Mrs. Foucast-Scanlan of Auck
land, N. Z., are at the California,
R. B. Stolder, a well-known Mariposa
attorney, is stopping at the Lick.
S> A certain young
j? man about town
j up to a few days
!■■ ago was an es
3 pecial favorite
| wltn the fair sex.
He was consid
3 ered a beau ideal
<?>o<s>o<?>o<?>0 < §>o<s>o<s>o<0 < $>o<s>o<$ > by all his femi
nine acquaintances, and rated as quite
the proper thing 1 . Whenever he
was the subject under discussion
such expressions as "Isn't he just love-
FAIR WOMAN
AND
THE IVY.
ly i Butii it uue iiihii, en\, i»»u™ iiuiu
the pweet lips of his female admirers.
But a change has come. He has- been
deposed from his high estate. He is
Hhunned where formerly he was courted,
and the poor man (victim of woman's
lickle disposition) ia seriously thinking of
shaking the dust of this city from his
feet and leaving for other climes to make
new conquests in maidens' realm.
It all came about in this wise. The
toaftmaster of a banquet, at which were
gathered fifty couples of both sexes,- had
put the aforesaid Adonis down to respond
to the toast, "The Indies." When the
time came for him to speak the fair sex
present at the festive board prepared to
listen to «omething delightful from their
favorite, and whispered among them
selves: "Oh, the dear' fellow; we are sure
he will say nice things about us." And
lie did. He took for his main topic,
"Woman's Royalty," and after a glowing
tribute to that magnificent quality pos
sessed by her, he said, as a fitting climax
to his remarks:
"Falr woman has oft been compared to
the Ivy.
For when pain and sorrow adversity
brings.
Like that plant, her devotion (to man)
is unceasing.
For the greater the ruin the closer Bhe
clings."
This received most rapturous applause,
and had he stopped right there his tri
umph would have been complete; but
flushed with his emphatic hit and tne
champagne he had Imbibed, he unfortu
nately added another verse to the first,
which made the ladies turn up. their
dainty noses and caused his ostracism
from their midst. The fatal lines were:
"But this likeness admits of another con
struction
(And I hope that the dear ladies' ears
I'll not wound).
But some one arrived at this cruel de
duction —
The closer she clings the more you are
ruined.' "
Captain "Wallmann of Berlin arrived on
the Moana and is at the Occidental.
Dr. Charles 1,. Bard of Ventura is
among: recent arrivals at the Palace.
W. "W. Chapin. a well-known Sacramen
to merchant, is registered at the Palace.
John Sparks, known -as the cattle king
of Reno, Nev.. is a guest at the Palace.
Captain O. J. Humphrey has returned
from St. Michaels and is at the Occiden
tal.
A. M. Brown, Marshal of Honolulu, ac
companied by his wife, is at the Califor
nia.
R. J. Langdon, the recently elected i
Sheriff of Santa Clara County, is stopping !
at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Hammond of
Upper Lake are at the California, en
route for Boston.
Dr. Charles Simon, medical superintend
ent of the French colony at Tahiti, Is a
guest at the Grand.
James Campbell, Cecil Brown and Mar
tin I. Smith, all of Honolulu, are regis
tered at the Occidental.
W. G. Irwin, Honolulu agent of the
Oceanic Steamship, Company, arrived here
on the Aloana, yesterday.
Mrs. Brenham (nee Dowsett) and Miss
Dowsett, members of a prominent Hono
lulu family, are at the California.
Congressman-elect Julius Kahn Is at
Byron Hot Springs, rapidly recovering
from the fatigue of his campaign.
J. Ena of Honolulu, vice-president of
the Inter-Island Steamship Company, is
at the California, He is on his way to
Mexico.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16.-G. W. Snorten
of San Francisco is at the Cardillac. C.
N. Felton of San Francisco is at the Hol
land. Preston Woods of San Francisco ia
at the Metropole. C. H. Holt of San
Francisco is at the Gilsey.
, ,
JUST FOR FUN.
Lady— Measure off another yard of that
dress binding please.
Clerk— Beg pardon, but I understood
you to say nine yards.
Lady— So I did, but another yard will
make the sale more binding.
Wife— John. I wish you wfuld let me
I have $50 this morning. /
Husband— My dear, you / must have
dreamed that I married an Heiress, didn t
you ? /
"You keep your hand out o' them pea
nuts!" exclaimed the flvo-year-old mer
chant who had set up a stfre In the front
yard of the parental dwelling.
"1 won't nuther!" replied the flve-year
old customer, helping himself again. "My
dad'B the p'leceman on dis block!"— Ch
icago Tribune. ,
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WIDTH OF STREETS— A. O. S.. City.
The width of Mason and Taylor streets
Is sixty-eight feet nine Inches.
COOK BOOK— R. S., City. If you will
go to a first-class bookstore you will ob
tain such a cookbook as you desire.
HALF DOLLAR OF 1837— A. S., City.
There is no premium offered for a half
dollar of 1*37. Such v COM of that data
sells for 75 cents.
A WIDOWS PENSION— A. O. S., City.
The pension of the widow of a captain in
the United States army, dying in the ser
vice, is $20 per month.
LAST DAYS OF POMrKII— TI. W. A.,
Piedmont, Cal. "The Last Days of Pom
peii," written by Bulwer Lytton in 1834,
was dramatized by Buekstone in 1535.
MATL FOR MANILA— A. S.. City. Mail
for Manila leaves by every steamer sail
ing for China. Watch the shipping col
umn of The Call for the dates of depart
ure.
THE INDIANA— A Subscriber, City.
The troopship Indiana that left for Manila
last October should reach Manila in about
twenty-seven days from the time of de
parture.
CALIFORNIA'S POPULATION — L.,
City. The population of California was
estimated In January, 1898. at 1,508,130, and
that of San Francisco at the same
was estimated at 350,000.
A FIVE-DOLLAR PIECE— M. E. P..
City. Five-dollar gold pieces coined at
either Charlotte, N. C, Dahlonega. Ga.,
and Philadelphia sell at prices varying
from $7 50 to $8 50.
THE JOLLY GIANT— R., San Luia
Obispo, Cal. There is no publication in
San Francisco known as The Jolly Giant.
A" sheet bearing that name was published
in the latter part of the sixties.
NO REDRESS— N. N.. City. If a citi
zen on election day goes to the polls and
discovers that some ono has been there
before him and voted his name he can
not force the Registrar to permit him to
vote.
BOXES FOR HONOLULU— 9., Santa
Cruz, Cal. The St. Paul will take Christ
mas packages to soldiers stationed at
Honolulu. Such must be delivered at 645
Mission street not later than 4 o clock on
Tuesday next. .
THE SAND LOT— A. Q., City. James
G. Maguire did not speak on the sand
lot when Denis Kearney was orating
there, nor did he afterward, but at the
time of the split In the Workingmen s
party he took sides with the Becedera.
UNITED STATES AND HAWAII— W.
S. H., City. The Hawaiian Islands are
south of the southern latitude of the
United States proper and west of the Pa
cific Coast line of the States. They are
within the latitude of Mexico and west of
the Pacific coast line thereof. They are
within the longitudinal lines of Alaska,
which is also part of the United States.
OKLAHOMA— AY. S. 11., City. Okla
homa, which is the Indian for "beautiful
land," was formed by the west half of the
older Indian Territory In the northeast of
Texas. It borders Kansas to the north
along the thirty-seventh parallel, and is
one-fourth larger than Scotland. It was
originally a part of the Louisiana pur
chase, and was set apart for Indians by
the act of June 30, 1834. aa the final result
of legislation. Certain lands were sub
sequently ceded by Indians, and these
formed the district of Oklahoma. Paxt "f
this land was obtained from the Indians
by treaty and purchase shortly after the
Civil War. The district was opened to
white settlement at noon April 22, 18S9.
COAL AND ACETYLENE GAS— E. C.
8., Lockford, San Joaquin County, Cal.
George Breck, an expert on acetylene gas,
says that an ordinary gas meter used for
measuring coal gas has to be altered for
measuring acetylene gas; that with cal
cium carbide at 6 cents per pound the cost
of a light of twenty-seven candle-power
Is 6-10 of a cent per hour and that, jet for
let ft is cheaper than coal gas of six
teen candle-power at $1 25 per thousand;
tna't there are a large number of insur
ance companies in the East and ltj n.iS
State that make no discrimination against
premises in which the new gas is intro
duced Coal gas passing through the
meter is measured at atmospheric
pressure.
LIGHTHOUSES— Tredor, City. The fol
lowing prominent lighthouses are In the
State of California, which is known as
the Twelfth Lighthouse District: St.
George's Reef and Crescent City, Del Norte
County; Trinidad Head, Humboldt and
Cape Mendocino, in Humboldt County;
Point Arena, Mendocino County; Point
Reyes and Point Bonita. Marin County;
Farallones and Fort Point, San Francis
co- Pigeon Point, San Mateo .County;
Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz County; Point
Pir.os and Point Sur, Monterey County;
Piedras Blancas and San Luis Obispo,
San Luis Obispo County; Point Concep
cion and Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara
County; Point Hueneme, A'entura Coun
ty; Point Fermin, Los Angeles County;
La Playa, Point Loraas, Ballast Point
and Diamond Point. San Diego County.
RELIGION IN RUSSIA— J. B. X.. City.
Under certain limitations, toleration of all
religions which do not violate public
morality or good order exists in Russia,
and not to profess the orthodox Greek
faith, the national religion, does not dis
qualify as regards civil rights. But the
law does not allow those who already be
long to the established faith to secede
from it; and if, in a household, either
parent be a member of the Greek church,
all the children must be brought up with
in that communion. In European Russia
there are orthodox Greek Catholics.
Kusso-Greek dissenters, Protestants. Ro
man Catholics, Jews and Mohammedans*
and all have their respective places of
worship. The affairs of the Roman Cath
olic church are centered in a .ollegium,
and those of the Lutheran church in a
consistory, both located in St. Petersburg.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Special information^ supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (AHen"»>. 010 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042.
Loud— Did you hear about that golf coat
° f R I edd-Yes; I heard it.-Yonkers States
man. _
EXIERiKX'K IS THE BEST TEACKKR.
T^c» Acker's Er.K is" ftemruj w any c-cLse or.
Sm?diaw %l& croup. refunded. At to ?er-
SSfediate r?ll" money refunded. At No i'er
centase Pharmacy.
Angostura Bitters, prepared by Dr. Slegert in
South America for his private use. is the best
appetizing tonic. Accept no other. { .
"Talk about men being punished in piia
life for their misdeeds,"' exclaimed
rj -\VoU 1T1 what new light have you got on
the subject,' 'asked Sfllnt.
"Didn t you read about that tornado
out West a few weeks ago that struck a
train and upset a car? The only man in it
who wasn't hurt was the baggageman. "—
Chicago Tribune.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
xnenacen to health of the present day.MORE POLES
OUTSIDE THE
FIRE LIMITS
Mutual Electric Light
Company Wins.
MAY PUT UP WIRES OVERHEAD
ST7PZSTISOSS SHOUU> NOT DIS
CBEH2» ATE.
d«dg* Seaweli's decision Will 2*ow
2£aie It Possible for Com
pedticn to Bedticj
Bate*.
judge S«a,weli rendered a decision yes
terday 1- the case of the Mutual Electric
Lighz Company against Mayer Fhelan
and tbe Beard of Supervisors, whicn puts
en e- i to th« monopoly oa oatside elec
tric LL^itiss hitherto enjoyed by the Sac
Frxnclsco Gas &nd Electric Company.
The action :n which tie decision was ren
dered was brought by the Mutual Electric
li^ht Company to compel the Supervisors
t3 grant It permission to erect poles for
lirfctlns purposes outside th-e city 2re
Units. Mayor Phelan and m Board of
Supervisors determined to contest the ap
plication &i±& Interposed a demurrer to the
complaint, stating that the complaint
Jailed to state facts stiScient to consti
t-te a cause of action. This demurrer •was
cvemle-I vesteniay and the case prac
tically decided In plaintiff's favor. *"<>'
lowtn* is the decision:
ThU Is an jj^Oeutinn fcr.a -*-r.-. oi r=araiits
y^f-— -3 r. J 'r; ti« S:*T-J C-i Scp*relacTS of CM
Otj a=4 Cc-^zzj ct Saa Frasdsco to ?r»ni to
li* piaiatLS tie prtTt:«fe o* er^cti^s ?<-t« a=^
■p-^ns is. tie ---: of •i--•-. -of : : .i • ■-:'
L- '-:•'-"-: " : : *".- - Is .--• '.* '-.-- f •-.-■' -:
cn ti« »a=< tern* is s=ci pnvUage i* e=Jcr*2
ir? th» 542 Tra^ctsco Gas asd Eiectrt: *- c^'
pi=T- De-er>ia=.ts fca.T» dezo.aj.ifd to £taia£iZ°a
*=-s.ii«<i peiizi<x =?;= ti-s grcu=-I ciat it ««•
res ftaie fict3 ssmcl'Kit to cocatirz:* * cas*e
C ~T?Tia~t3 slltxfl b tie a=«=^*i petitics. so
fir is ti-y ari £-m=ifi =a:«ial. ani : whici f
f-r tfce rcrr»-ses cf ti-e <!-r:irT-r r=ast t<a a*
fz=&& ta b* trc*. ar» scfcsti=tiarry as figOaWK i
Ti* r. - _- ■ " t« «. corporation orxa^iii«d ns=ler ;
th= 12.*3 of '^ S3.:* s^si wu f arsurf for ti« j
pcr;<fr? cf fursish;-? elactrie U?b: to Ote City ,
a-- ;r-7 of ri_- "-i". *-".:: the .-.-•-:
ttants th<er«o<r. It has -xpesded oe Its eleetste
Usht piast ani foe otter a««s»arT porpos^a
cc^=*:t«ti with it» bcslaess tie «= cf WW
ami iis c<**r: tcti'raly cos»i3ct:=s its fcciisea*
fI=C» A.HJTZ3Z I*. 1335.
Frocr a=--- aft«r tie trst yi-?csi3.T to Jarrary,
ISST. • -» defesxteau asti':Tli<?'i snd esxpc-»>r-d
a :-*-— r-^r-j-.g ccri'iraticMi. tU.. tie San Fr»a
c:sco Gas a=.-i Electri: Cct=p*=y. to : -.- --.
pc:»s arsd E<:«ts ci ill tie streets cf tie Oiy
«-■-» Cci=.ty cf San f*rac?:is-:'C Is carry wJrea
aad :> r=stii= electric iac:p» fs- suppJyir^r
rieetrte Bsfct to sa— i ir.nrVttiagty aa.-i tie ta
hahitacta tie~cf.
Oc tie TUt day rf niiMij I*B. ti* piata
tiS a:pli»-i to- tie Brar-i af S~p«rTtacrs Car ---
EUs:.:a c? pet sp poiss and ■ . .-. .-. - ---
• «tr**« ?rf ti* city, ectai-ie ti* ir» linits -----
-- -- -. en AprU .-• BK ------ - ■■- ■: - a
wztttea de=an>i on saii tce^ri Cor tie prSvGee*
t? er*irt a=;i =at=tala posti a=-i pcl*s alec*
ar.t epos «i *•■* streets cctsiia tie £rs Tfrrita to
ti« sarse extent i&i for tia sans p^rp<j*«
:-.- .- -_' -• sai.i s*b Francis Gas i.:
Elecrr.c Ccrnpaßy. b« saui bo&nl has icffatd
to >rs=:p:y vtd> sai-i d«=a.=.l.
O= April li. li 3*. tie B^ari cf S-ipg. rltgrg
r*ss-<i a r»5-:'i3t:"s recitui?' tiat it w»s f farcr
cf vavitiif bids ftr Ugbzisj; ti* citr by ii»-
ZTtczs 2-- a-tbonie^ ty tie M»rch*st«' AsocU- ■
tioa *r?.-f tracmctisc tie cc>d3iiti** en street
Ugits 1-3 p-r»pare melt spectSratloc* . f=r liits.
f-g-- proridedt Nj'Terer. tiai so prtniey*
shceii fee grafted («r erectiay pole* foe tte
•trrp»:?« cf c*rrr:=jr etectxtc lrtres.
12 tie a-iT«nl«esi*z£ biis tbe .. L ., ._._
hibiw any roe whe bid* fir pissile Utmie
Uritlr^ t= San Praaetsea frees pcttii? up pries
cr pest» cc ■wiici t^ bass -------- to
pl*ce »i*rtr:c larip».
Etorir^ two years past tie Editcs L c- - =. - :
Fairer Bpaor a&i its s«ccea«or. tine Saa
TrirciKO Gas a^i Electric OKEpary. hare
htii tie exclusive prtTtleaf* of pctsin; cp and
nair.'iiinta? p-cles aal pests aiocr a=<i cpcn
tie streets '-..-: city =.-.-; .--., ami is.
tierefcr«. ti* c-sij" «mi»Bi wiJci can make a
bid, for fcr=isii=« tie znffsJcipalfty witb elec
tric BgM.
PlairtiS >»« -•--_■ ary pest* cr pciea
I- tie street* cf Saa Frascisco tasid* tie fire
ilTiizs bat ia» placed Its wtraa t« mwitatf
ur:der=ea.ti tbs gr^csd. It la fcspcsaiiJe to
f^rr;:«h -iectri-: li*nt (Mrtstde the ar> Units
wttlMßt erectii? pdta a=d posts npcn tie
etre*ts ...... tiat tie -.-.: of Flac
tzf cczii-zits la tie grcc=d to carrr tie eiectri-:
wires Tctzid te »o great tiat no one eoaM af
forl t? p«.y fcr electric Uziizicg rsrciaieii ts
tiat ■ay.
1= nppcrt cf its clai= to tie relief ssfesi
yetltl^cer relies rrlsclpaliy npoa sectioe C cf
article I a=i sectics 1» of article XI of the
- -
" Tie rfsritTts use tie p«MIc Hill Bis, un far a«
-17 ie t-»-:eisary Coc ........ *s£
lt« iiiattta^ts -artti itlOetel «-.-. 1» expressJy
rtTes lj tie plin:tlC by sertica ■.•■'=_—.-.*
XI cf ti* constltiitlca. Tl* cdy cocditictrs
t=.p*3«ed t? tiat secttoc." otier tias tiat tie
BBBielpalZtl 1 siall faaTe tie rt^it to regalsxe
ciarses. --- - tiat tie ■ r« ifaali be Isa* ssste
WU TUNG FANG
TURNS CRITIC
,He Approves Gillette and
"Secret Service."
WILLIAM GIULETTE. distinguished plarwrlght and actor, has won the
august approval of vr v Tung Fang, the Chinese Minister Plenipo
tentiary and Envoy Extraordinary to the United States. Spain and
Peru. Minister Fangs eommenda&>a, which travels with a '"key"
'\rtured by the same mighty hand, is highly treasured by the aothor
poses side by side with the criticism of the great New York dram
n in the pigeon hoi* of the QfOette desk, labeled "unintelligible
, During the Chicago Peace Jubilee Wu Tan* Fang and Ids suite attended
a representation of the play that had startled the dramatic lovers cf two
nations. The great Mongolian was so fnuiigsaed with "Secret Service" that
he was seized with a desire to Immortalize both himself and the author of
the play, and forthwith dictated to his secretary Chow Tsz Chi. his impres
sions of the great drama.' A copy of the Impressions was forwarded to the
Flowery Kingdom to be preserved in the archive* of state, and the original,
with the Minister's compliments, was presented to Gillette.
Wu Tung Fang's translation of his great literary effort reads as follows:
*1 have long kept in my knowledge the name of famous Gillette. While
I was in Chicago Mr. Powers brought me to his magnificent building. Pow
ers' Theater. I had the pleasure of seeing Mr. Gillette's face in his play.
•Secret Service.' His representation was so attractive that as If I see a
picture, as If I read 2. story, as If I were in the time of so long a period* —
civil war. All the spectators, either "Western or Oriental, were so- much at
tracted that astonishment, greeting grievance and silence were shown In
every part of the play. Misses Perry and Boss also played very attractively
and moved every an* In the theater.™ >"- . . -• ... -
While it Is a foregone conclusion that "Secret Service." which is to re
ceive Its initial San Francisco production at the Baldwin on Monday even
ing Bex: will score heavily, it would be Interesting ito - not* whetner the
many Chinese ia this city win want to Judge for themselves whether the
great Wu Tcbj Fans: penned as wisely as he did welL
ON THE WAY TO THE REPAIRERS.
The steaner J. D. Peters that was «u^ in collision with the collier Cunn. was not got off th. m nd
flat, »tU yesterday nxon^g. A t 6a. m. the river steamer A. C. Frees, =ace fast alongside of her and, the
tide Sttar» »a« was n:ade for Stockton. It is expected that to-day the Peter, will be put on the ways at
SSgation and impro^ent Company's yard and the work of setting her ready for service
again will begin at once. , -
tt* dlrecf an of the ■«i«2«"? <l *2L£ c j^Sl
aad t&at it atasH be ««bi«t to we* ****?**
Kta r^ht t^> =ai« ether «^«^l£*!*SSS
E-_iisi*i ta that -*ctioc la tse e»« * - «^
t=*T El«ctrl= Lift: Ox=j*=T
rTjJST ccbile =slsaa<*: feat it was *i*o teld
the sr^o^ cf * f*^.^ «*«.
THE WORLD OF
PLAY AND MUSIC
"Mistakes Win Hap?€i" finishes with
this week at the Baldwin, riving way
Monday to Welfare Gillette la bis famous
war drama. "Secret Service." which Is
said to be the best American play yet
written, and the finest specimen of re
pressed melodrama, that Is to be found in
tha language. "Secret Service" was the
event of a season in New York and prom
ises to be the same here.
KeHar has a lot of new mystincatSons
this week, together with the best tricks
of last week's bill- His season at the
Columbia ends -, -.-. the .--:; night
performance. "At Gay Coney Island"
comes Monday.
Oscar "Weils "Suzatte" is one of the
most delightful operas ever staged at the
TlvoU. The perform which was un
■ even on the opening night, is now up to
the excellent standard of the house.
"Under the Dome." a fiery melo
drama. wCI play the week at the Comedy.
Monday premises to bring a sensation in
the first performance here of "Cyrano cc
Bergerac"
The Alcazar Is prospering with "A Fool
c* Fcrtu-*." a strong Crane play. wriwt«=n
by Martha Morton. "Imagination* is the
title of the piece for the new week.
! The new bill at the Orpfceam is crowd
ing the house at every performance. The
new turns are six in number, several be
in.? phenomenal hits.
Morosco's offers a stirring melodrama
attraction in -A Midnight Trust," which
will play all week.
-them Lights" Is stfll the melo
drama, at the California, where it - being
well received.
Congo, the gorilla, is the star actor now
at the Chutes.
The regular symphony season com
! laeaces this afternoon at 3O» in the Or
nhMnn. Tschalkowsky'a "Symphony >o.
iraßd Bach's overture and suite m A
minor are novelties of the programme.
Fr*tz Scfceel will direct, and the person
.'<■--- will be practically the
I -.-;---■ of last season.
Woodmen's Library Musicale.
Golden Gate Camp or me novanra «'
tbe World wai give a literary and s™!;
cal entertainment and ball in Native Sons l
Hall this evening- Admission will I
bTbr invitation only: these can be ob- j
Z*l-ed from any member of the camp. ;
M^^thaiJWl mvttatlons have already.
H^en issued. Among those who are to ap
25 w3 be IBM Jessie -;.<- --.v" >
g^xso: W. S. Hynes. comedian; M&» j
- -- - v-irrcac dancer, and the Acme j,
- r \~\- ----- Z slsl '^ Hl— lll
ippines. '
*4xa=«s =ade c= fsrsltsre asl pUaaa. witi f
cf^t^t ill-.' J. ■■ it i^:-:-sm."
THE SAX FBA^CISCO* CALL, THUBSDAY, yOTEMBEB;' '17;', 1898.
STEAMSHIPS
COME AND GO
TOGETHER
Arrival of the Moana
From Australia.
THE AUSTRALIA DEPARTS
BOTH THE STEA3EERS HAD BIG
PASSENGER LISTS.
Collision Between the Steamer Dora
and Schooner Dora. Blnhin.
Four Sugar Boats From.
Honolulu Arrive.
Nearly an the Interest en the water j
front centered .'. the Oceanic dock yes- j
terday. The mail steamer Moana arrived ;
from Sydney. N. S. v.. via Auckland. N. t
Z-. Apia. Samoa, and Honolulu. H. L, j
while the mail steamer Australia sailed |
for Honolulu, The ma brought hi \
96 cabin and 113 steerage passengers.
while the Australia took away €D cabin
and SO steerage passengers^ Both crowds
were on the wharf a: the same time, so
round about !p. m. th« scene was a very
busy one.
. Among the Moana's cabin passengers
were <; soldiers from Honolulu. They be
long to the New York regiment, and have !
been invalided home. They win remain !
in town a few days and will then start
back East. Captain J. WalLmann of the
German gunboat Falke came up from
Apia. He says Mataafa returned to
Samoa, on September 15 and received a
cordial welcome from the natives. James
Campbell, the Hawaiian planter, who was
kidnapped by the \v inthrop gang-, has
come beck to San Francisco for another
vacation. Mr. Campbell is accompanied
by his wife.
Waiter James, a. lad who wanted to be
a soldier, and who stowed awiy on the
Indiana, was sect back<*>n the Moana. He
was discovered soon after the Indiana got
to sea and was pat ashore at Honolulu.
Martin Denny, caampton lightweight
prize fighter of Australia, came xip on
the M ■-.--. looking for :-— -- and dol
lars, most particularly the dollars.
The mail steamer brought up 52.73 C.*» in
treasure and a number of dingoes, black
swans and kangaroos. The dingoes are
for the Chicago zoo and the swans and
kangaroos are tor private parties in San
* raneisco. Both tee animals and birds
have been seen frequently of late on pas
senger and cargo vessels from Australia.
A noted passenger on the Moana was j
Professor Louis Vigouronx. a French po-
J litical economist. He is one of a band of
twenty scientists sent out from Paris by
the Count de Chambrun to Inquire into
sccfa! questions the world over for the j
Mcsee Social of Parts. Professor Ylg- 1
. ouroux has bees in South Africa. Austra
lia and New Zealand and now comes to
America.
The cabin passengers on the Australia
were:
George Alexander. Mrs. H. B. Arnold. ML»
Arrold. F. W. Bearfslee. W. S. Beli. A Brttm,
J. K. Bcewa and wife, J. K. Brown Jr.. J. P.
Castle. Mrs*. W. A. Clara. Miss Cornwall.
George Compere as«i wife. Charles Coirzii. Mrs.
K. Evans. C. A. FTeSd. Charles Gay. R. E.
Giaie. wife and dull. V. C. - Gray. Captain
Godfrey, wlff* XT.'. -■»■ eMISStS His* G-*ifr*y.
Hits C. Goifrey. Mr». R. B. Karris. J. Head*,
L. B. Kerr. wife »ad tare* cUdm, W. C. King.
Mr*. it- B. MeGewan. lbs. E. MrFhetridse.
A Mtrriega. L. 5- New*H *a-i »tfe. I- B. Nk
tiag sad wife. J. L. Sie&oU. L. E. Pb&bam.
Mr*. EBea Pofaebei. Mr? P. Rnroxaa. J. W.
BssmAM P. OTMsfltf issssi Sectt." wlb .-..-'.
lie efaßdren. i Jafea A- Sooct. wB and two
>».«*»— Miss Scott. A. B. Siw«rer and wife.
W. G. S=it2^ C. E. Wlillanis. Mrs. C Wright.
Four sugar boats arrived from Hono
lulu yesterday. The schooner Aloha was
twenty days on the way. She brought a
few passengers and enough sugar to bal
last her. The bark Manna Ala was
twenty-six days and the bare Aides Besse
eighteen days on the road. Both of
them came in ballast. The bark R. P.
Bithet made the best time of the lot. com
ing up in sixteen days with a few passen
gers and a. small quantity of freight.
The steamer Peters did not get away
for Stockton last Tuesday night, as was
expected. She was hard and . fast ,in the
mod when the A. C Frees* was ready to
take her la. tow. so thai wor*. of moving
her had to be postponed until yesterday
morning. At S a. •m. the tide suited and
the Frees* was put alongside and made
fast. Shortly afterward both steamers
were on their way up the San Joaquin
Riv»r Some of the down-coming steam
'• ers spoke the Frees*, and the captain re
! ported that the tow was retting • along
! Tn^* I Merchants* "'.: Exchange received
word yesterday that the Alaska Commer
cial ,- — -i- v ? steamer Dora from Seat
: tie for San Francisco, and the schooner
I Do -a Bluhn. ■--.- -. Pedro for Tacoma,
had b*en In collision m Cape Flattery :
and the steamer pat back to Port An~
eel»« ' for repairs. From word received
C th» Alaska Commercial Company it Is
learned that the damage to the Dora Is
slight and she will be able to come to San
Francisco in a day or so. The vessels
met head on and both of them lost their
head gear." ' ; ' '__ . '-'_£_,■
The transport St. Paul wul not get
away for Manila to-day. She -cannot be
rot ready in time, so those who contem
plate sending Christmas presents will
have untO to-night V to get them away.
The St. . Paul will \ sail , to-morrow after-
D T^e steamer Pride of the Klver^ls hard
and fast in the mad at Hood Island. In
the Sacramento River. Last ? Tuesday
eight the > pilot ran ': her on - a,• snag and
knocked a note in her bottom. In conse
quence she had to be beached at the Ist
ir- 1 The base wJB be piugg'd up and she
will come to ; Sao Francisco for an ; over
hanling. r -- ■■ :..-■■ '-'-'.' ; "'■'"•'" i '-.'-* " " ■--"
;■ Lieutenant James B. Butt who for the
past three years has been m command of
the revenue • cutter Golden ■ Gate,-; left t for
the . East r last night. Dnrfnr his stay m
I San Francisco Lieutenant Butt made a
host of friends, and many of them ac
companied him across the hay last night
and said good-by on the Oakland mole.
THE CENTRAL PACIFIC DEBT.
A Prominent Attorney Comments on.
the Recent Action of the
English Stockholders.
Referring- to the telegraphic announce
ment that the protective committee of the
English Central Pacific stockholders,
through one cf its members, has com
menced a representative action to re
— t&e directors of the Central Pacific
from putting a new mortgage on the
property to take up the Government i<un
and the present mortgage, a prominent
attorney who is familiar with the situa
tion said yesterday:
"The fact cf the matter is tee Central
Pacific is in debt. I: owes altogether
Vmjmjm, and utese debts are ail doe by
the Ist of January and most be paid.
They are all bonded, except the Govern
ment :---. of I- " " Now. -chen you
cave a bonded debt yon can extend it if
the creditors are willing. In this case
the Government is not willing to extend
its debt— it wants its money. The com
p*cv Bust, therefore, either extend its
deb£s or pev them, and it has no money.
It has only the property, and can bor
row money on that, as it has a perfect
right to do. It is exactly as it is with a
mercantile debtor— he must borrow money
to pay off an old debt If his creditors will
not extend. Where in this world does a
law --- a debtor from borrowing
money on his property to pay off an old
debt?" The creditors can force the com
pany to do this. Any creditor in . the
■world has a right to create a new debt
for the purpose of paying off an old one.
"If the directors should be enjoined
from creating a new loan the injunction
would be dissolved on a proper showing.
As a matter of fact, the Central Pacific
Company has the choice of borrowing
money or assessing Its stock. If it should
assess the stock Slfis.&XMW> how would the
stockholders like that?— C for every SI of
par value of the stock, and the stock is
Quoted to-day at 25 cents on the dollar,
par value. In other words, it would be an
assessment of eight times the quotable
value of the stock."
,i ■ m ■
Why We Should Be Thankful This
Tear.
By Secretary Lyman Gage,
Governor Theodore Bocserelt,
General Nelson A. Miles.
Dr. Henry X. Fields.
President Jacob Schurrnan of Cornell,
Bus-seii fciage,
Commander Philip, North Atlantic
Squadron*
Andrew Carnegie,
In next Sunday's CalL
THZ BOTXTN- CASH
Southern Pacific Will Bring Out the
Eastern. Witnesses for
•-c Trial.
j Chief of Police Lees appeared yesterday
before Judge Cook and made an affidavit
on the subject of transportation J. or the
fourteen witnesses to be brought from
Dover to this State in the case of Cor
delia Botkin. charged with murder. Lees
? said chat he had made application to the
various railroad • companies to name the \
minimum amount for which they would
transport the witnesses, and found that
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
wonld -•-.-:•"-• agreement for the .-: of
$>;■*; Si. Additional to this will be IBM
for meals. Judge Cook then ordered the
Auditor to draw a warrant on the treas
ury for that amount. The names of the
witnesses are: Ik H. Gooden. J. B. Pen
zringtoc. Harry Pennington., Josephine
- . ---•. i- .-:- -- ilffiins^ca. Edith Clark,
J D. Deane. John P. Dunning, Dr. Lem
uel Bishop. Dr. W. P. Dcwnes. Dr. T. R.
Wclf , R. C. White. R. J. McVey and Le
ila Deane.
Attorney McEnemey advised the cS3
c£al« that the City Auditor should issue
the warrant and that the city Treasurer
should pay It.
i ===== . : — ; ; :
y ADVXBTISEICEJrrS. ___________
$S~X MONTH.
ALL DISEASES.
This Is Strictly an Honorable Offer and Is
the Total Expense of Treatment at
THE FLECKENSTEIN MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
The purest \of medicines, the best of appliances and the
most scientific treatment of disease furnished under this one
charge of $5 a month.
TRIAL TREATMENT FREE. , . • .
The benefits of a trial treatment free of expense are cheer-
fully accorded to all who apply in person at the office.
HOME TREATMENT BY MAIL. '
Patients who live at a distance can be treated with perfect
success by the aid of the Reckenstein symptom blank, and
patients' report sheets sent free on application.
CONSULTATION FREE.
Dr. Reckenstein *s treatise free to ail.
THE FLECKENSTEIN MEDtCAL INSTITUTE,
Emporium Building-, 825 and 855 Market Street.
Rooms 515-51-3 Fifth Floor.
OFFICE HOURS-Frcro 9a.m. to 12 m.; from 1 to sp. m. Evenings-
Tuesdays and Fridays 7 to O. Sundays from 1O a. m. to 12 m.
DE BERGERAC
THE NEXT SENSAATION
THE 'PLAY OF THE JfOSE** WILL
BE SEES AT THE COMEDY.
A Company of Eighty Persons Witli
an Exceptional Cast Is Be
| tearsLn 1 Daily.
On October 3 Richard Mans3eld pro
duced at the Garden Theater in Xe*
York "Cyrano de Bersrerac" The next
day the critics of the metropolis declared
that Mr. Mansfield bad at last reached
hie goal.' he had succeeded in elevatins
the drama, William "Winter, of the Tri
bune, the greatest critic In this country.
: led the press assertions to this ; effect.
This meant much when ft Is known that
■■ Mr. Mansfield and th* press bare been at
swords* points for many seasons. . **Cy
j rano de Bergerac" is acknowledged to be
' the play of the season. It was first per
! formed at the Porte Saint Martin, Paris,
i by Coquefin. on the Etc of last Decem
ber. Mr. Mansfield obtained from Ed
' mond Rostand, the author, the rights of
■ the .ay for America. Owing to a Caw In
' the contract Augustin Daly obtained the
! right to produce a version of his own. and
X-w York is to-day discussing^ bat one
topic, the two productions of "Cyrano de
Berserac." now being presented there.
No play since the "Prisoner of Zenda"
; has socred such a complete triumph-
The wonderful play is -_ be produced In
this city at the Comedy Theater. A large
corps of scenic artists are at work on tne
I scenery and the company, comprising
some eighty persons, are in active re
hearsal. Among the princfpals^who will
be In the cast are Edwtrd M. Beil. Ade
laide Fl»aHen, Russell Bassett, Fransie
V Raymond. Harry F. Alien. Olive Mad- |
i Ison. Asa Lee Willard. Charles Fleming.
Gertrude l Nooaos, -"■"-; - •-'-•■■
I Joan de Lacey and Julie Strong-
Cyrano Is an impulsive, -- ■-- :-.T C «-.
dier of the Richelieu time, a man capable
of most heroic deeds. invincible in arms.
I successful In - every undertaking except
In that of love. He is of a poetic tem
1 perament, but is the possessor, unfortun
ately, of a nose of abnormal proportions.
Although he is In love with all beauty
and grace his nose places him -'-'■ -'■
the pale of woman's love. His own ='--
er called him ugly, and he has his
cousin Roxana from childhood almost
without hope- "While he is conscious of
: bis own deformity he Is quick to avenge ;
' the recognition of this defect by others.
In the first act. in his attempt to sup
press the actor who has become csensive
to him. -_ Is embroiled with several of
the spectators, ■-- of whom Cyrano con
ceives Is passing remarks on his nose. He
thus addresses the Viscount, one of the j
bystanders:
Ah co! ro«BC blade' Tb*t wu a. trifle rtscrt'
Toe nitcJst t*T» said at tea«t a hundred thing*
By Taryln* th* tone, ... Id* this, sep
p^w<». ... -
Air?r*«ffST»: *"Str. If I -i J - !-"- * " '**
Id aicpveate It!" Triva£iTZ "Wie= yoa sap
It -.- -•:■.•::-?--■•;•: .
Toe need a «irt=ilr«-i«Trt of special abase . .
Descriptir*: " "TU a rocs.: ... a peak!
... a cape!
a car*, Ban •-- Hi a peatosalaxr*
Carieca: ""How «-- « - - 1: cbia&z l" :ir -
Per acfaMT^bcatlt? erj«t» bold yow^ nik?"
! Gricioos: "Toe Icrrt th* little birds. I ttunk?
I •*• rooT» macactd wltb a food reatarca
To flnd tbelr tiar daw» a ro«BT perrli?*'
T-. . t-. '• "r. ■>-:•:■-!- £t ;■: -r pip* ...
? -: ■ =" „
---_- tie ;-.,-.■-=;•;■= fma Tsar coe*.
i Do. aat the neigitbOT*, as the fames rise M«ker.
Crr t*TTDc-strec3c: - "Th« ekisutey is *£r*r"
Cocsl4«rxt#: -Take care. ... your bead
bOTT«<I ISTW
By aseft a vH«M ... lest bead o'er bads
roe r>r*
T«aier: "Pray £•« a ras*:: 33ibr»Gji made.
t«at Its bright eoior ia tie sob aaovld fade." •
I^ETTEBS THAT WOBXED ff* ft«.
Carious Charges cf Disturbing the
Peace Against a Young Girl.
Mamie Hester, a girl » years of age.
living on Gough street, near McAllister.
was arrested yesterday on a warrant
charging her with disturbing the peace-
Jed?* Mogan released her on her own
rgcog7itxar.ee.
The complaining witness is Jacob Si
mon, son of Joseph Simon. SO Post street.
He- alleges that M-ss Hester has been the
means of almost separating his sister and
her husband. Abe Voipen. who were mar
ried here on October 9 and went to liTe
In Tuma. Arix. The two girt* were com
panions and after the marriage of Miss
Simon they corresponded and Miss Hes
ters letters caused trouble between the
rewty married pair. She was asked to
desist, bat continued sending letters.
-.-_---; disturbing the peace cT the Stmon
family. "V
Miss Hester admitted sending the let
ters, bat at Mrs. Volpens request. Mrs.
Volpen. before her marriage. was in love
with a caristian. and she was always
asking about him. Since requested to
stop writing she had only sent one letter.
and that was to tell Mrs. Voipen why she
could not write her again.
Lcrlise Salt Water Baths,
Bak aa£ L*rki3 its. Sir-_r-mtac. BbwHi bet
f -,-f cold tab tetfca. Saltwater «ttr«et from oceaa.
A Pickpocket Held-
i Harry Einore. a notorious pickpocket.
Iras yesterday held to answer before the
Superior Court by Jcdsre *"■■■■ oa the
charge of mad larceny in a** bonds.
November ♦ he stole a pone from Mrs.
Janet ilalcolis of Watscnville at Thlr
tiezh. and Mission streets. There Is an
other charge peccm? a rain s : him before
Judge Joachlr=s€B- - :
Terror of Stmiiyside.
Herman Ftzel. -arbo Is called by his
neighbors "the terror" of Sunnyside, was
ordered into custody by. Judge Slogan
yesterday. Yigtl was charged with
threatening to kin "W. J. Cohrert. a neigh
bor and Mr*. Ew»Il. another neighbor.
testified that he had also threatened to
make her a widow.
ADVEansnn k s tb.
AREYOU WORNOUT?
THEIST TRY
fi^^^ft ,vf ' jjjjf - feS " * ij . k iff a inf A 15^5 Sfcjr S9 A 89 ■ »^ j » k^*^' 1 -
MARIAHI WINE— The Famous Tonic for Body and Brain
feneral Sir Evclth Wood says: Manam vine gtve« p<nr«r to t*«
brain, strength ard elasticity to th»
-ot**>?i!^* muscles and richness to the 'cod. It fs
- £ ' ~^^Sli ' * promoter of rood health and loo^rr*
Eft 4*~k) i^jS r Marlasl Wine is eaficrsed by ffl^
'A -c Jfi* £*% than SOW . Aatericaa physician*. Ha
§fe, Epeciallr indicated for Geoeral D*bO«
•i^^^^^^^"' l^^^^^ ilT ' O^e^"'** P^^o^rd I>e?r«seic-a
JfS^^jS^^^ jsJFB/k at ' &n * i ExhaostiotL. Throat and Long Di>»
--^ eases. Consumption and iCalarla.
*{Z2835 8m8^1 S^sJ 2larUuil is teraicable for vim
- ' worked men. delicate *c=m and alc3c«
/lm *E&&'2? l if(/%^s&ffir ** chii l^ 613 v soothes, itrra«tlMß*
/4™ V g jß^^OLjhjaß^M ard sustains the syvtam, and brace*
. "^* . _. •*^**' . body ani brain.
1/ Ti:\.. ..; ... ' a m MO ■ :•; ■ Whl F-n»--t- «M« v«
&TmC«: t»i-.u.^»... <rf ti« taide ts4 rseos- Tor* City. «ffi t« •eat. £r««. bo* •■«(■*■£■■
■ttssest propertlea aT — weS-kaawa >f?" »nf pcrtraita wttli tj*.«Mii»>« ci y»tiwiwi ■»«
Wl=«. tb. dm «art*in a* well a* tie »«t pr^a, Priaeaa. C*=*tz»lm. 1 1 *ltili>Wil. Bay
*--' Ftwa "!*• London Stetta." mmr wu..wia«- ««af.
7i HPT T 'iii' H»=ss=sia=: Ixxaica— O 3gerti=gT St.: Mactje»l-a^l Ea«gtt>< «C
14 and 16 j
Kearny Street, j
Formerly 427 Kearny Street.
__
titter cslcg Ely* Cream
Balm six meek* I belie re
■
a/self esrtd of eatzrrb.
Jomep* Stewart.
Grand An..
Brooklyn. M. T. r
------ :.-.-■ U plac^i :-• the - *-- '-. \
I im tads oxer tbe raeaabrane aatd i» abscrbed. <
I Relief !s — ■*.»!«*■» aad a core f jUo-jts. It t» 1
f not dryJtt»— does noC pnxicce n»rTtwg Li- :
s<3e: Trial .-■•■ Isc: ------- ---...
ELY BROTHERS. :a Vfarrea st^ New Tort ,
IP DDiial T <> FOR EITHER BE3L;
LC DDUIV OTni« remedy lieins; in- j
■]~t~* dLirrctly to the |
6-Ca s-^at of thov di«*a-«n>-« !
Q « ■■ or the Genito-l" rinory :
Xf E3B Ors^ias. requires no
ff¥l I Hfhan:- of diet. Cnx*
-JE&-^SR sßarazite^d in 1 to 3
days. SosU plain pack. j
-m TT TCP T^ as*, by mail, 91. 00.
GEO." DAEL3ENDEH * CO.. Sola A<«=ta. .
m Ke«r=j- ft.. Saa Frasdsco. CaL
- j A2IUSE3EENT3.
ALCAZARJTHEATER.
SEATS : 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
— m wbxb ONLY
t MATINEE SATURDAT.
* WILLIAM H. CRANE'S
raik Atwo* (New Ycri) Theater Ssccess.
A FOOL .=
. OF
FORTUNE^|
NO.l' WEEK— ~HIAGINATIQN."
Taesday Nlritt Benefit— MAßK THALL. Cor- |
b*tt-^atri»y Cectftst Axsacaaced Betreea Acts. I
COMEDY THEATER.
TO-NIGHT.
Uacote J. Carter's Masterpiece eC Stac*
■Maw -
UNDER
. . . THE . . .
DOME!
Ei»-t Ersniar— Matln.««s Sat. .---: i :.
Heat Mooday-THE HENDERSON COL. ;
First ttmm ■-■ ThU 7 .:.-- : ■ ?
CYRANO DE BERGEFi/\C
F- ■:. -- '. "-/-- tie Perscsal DtrsccJca cf »
MR- DAVID HENDERSON.
■ Tbe Tbeaxrlcax B>nsaH«at cT the Day. ■■'. i
SALE OF SEATS COMMENCES TO-DAY {
(THX7RSI>AT>. 19 a. m. Cooaedy Tbaater and
Ecpcrrasa. ' I
VORpSGp'SfiBAP&'i
- Vazias Hoaoaco, Sole Lessee sad Varnsgea.
, THIS EVENING at 3Oii
An Elaborate Production off W. R. Waldraa aad ?
• . Unti Ellis". Great Eastern Sacotsa.
A Midnight Trust
A GREAT HELODRAiTA.
- \ BEArTIF' SCENIC EFFECTS.
NEW SONGS! NETT PEOPLE! NEW' PLAT!
EYENIS6 PRICES— I9c, aid sfc.
MATINEES Saturday and Sunday
. ' Seats on sale at box-o«ttce aad wain floor :
aC tbe Eagmioa- y ' '
pwwSJffifftiiß
OiIOUG Iros. KsffiJij, Hw. 14. to f]
nSiUrtij, Mm. IS, ndisie. f±
F^t«rMar«««a«3«l«a»»»ay. **i»j/
St '* - . ■-^ K - Sii2 *-' ■ \ /
> /;;. BeastlS^ Gnsssds. - ■ - : \7 ;
'^ ----- l ii-- -- ii
C-» ' -:■ ; FIRST HACK AT :" P. K. - ■ -[^ : :
» / S. P. R.R. Train.: Il:« asd I:U\ /
Op, us. -> daily. '-•LeaT«-Thfr4-*tr»et^^"-
Station. f«awi»J« Talecc.* rtreet. fVf
_ ;=.; =. Retanstsc ■ 4iasi««2at»!r alter ". tl&s > /
A races. - ■--■•: / .. -i-^^V-.j
V /-■■■..■ ■. ■: ELECTRIC CAR ' LINES. ~f 1 »
-■ iii >■ Kearsr-strset : aad ; iasshfs-str»t * * : i
OKearsy-atreee and Iflaatat-serwc > « ■ f
i ears every tlsre* ndmttes. atr*---: -
\- £■■'■■ track ::.-witlaoct-^eJatag». Fitiausrv \ : I I
i■ *^ street cars transfer each . way. ■-  .; ~»*■; f
■f7l- : 'A5J123310S k «c thi ma. slssl ; f^
r^s : S.'. N. : ANT>ROrS. ; Pr*s-:i-f:t. >/ |
f\'~'- F. K. GREEN. Sijcrscarr- : i^^ |
ooooo?r?oooo
COLUMBIA THEATER.
i COTTLOB, MARX* CO.. Lessees asd M*aa«aiav
SECOND AND LAST __ __,
THE PEERLESS MAGICIAN.
KELLAR,
I Assisted by MRS. HLLAL
I IN A OrARVELOrS PEOGRAMMSI
i NEW FEATURES.
| OH*— Oid Title for «a Amwaatss; P««t.
THE MYSTERY OF L'HASSA— A Maharma
Marrel.
GET RID OF YOUR WIFE— itnuedj naswbw.
Next 3l«SfJay^-**AT GAT CONEY ISLAND.
BALDWIN THEATER.""
BALDWINJTHEATER.
j LAST I stiTmnf SATCRDAT.
'Mr. Jacob Hit peewits Grant Stewart's Suc-
cessful Cotacdr.
.Mistakes Will Happen.
A Great Cast. Headed by CHARLES DICK-
SON AND HENRIETTA CBOSMAN.
1 SPECIAL— NEXT WEEK.
f T-wo \T««ic» >7— .1-— Mr Claries Frolarsaa IB
: ;---.. • th< - - ---..-- Sces*s» cf
I T-»c> ... i ...
"SECRET SERVICE."
With WILLIAM GILLETTE
And tie Great Cast.
SPECIAL THANKSGIVING DAY MATXNES
SEAT SALS NOW. GOING ON.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
GOTTLOS, MARX £CXX. Lessees aad Maaa«anw
PRICES: A Really Great Proggetlaa.
II 1 *:, WM. CALDER AND COMPAST.
|5C' la tbe N*~
A«dsoc ROMANTIC MILITART PLAT.
NORTHERN
LIGHTS!
A CAST OF EXCELLENCE. " -
EVERY NIGHT— MATINEE SATCRDAT.
I - •
HARRT LACT. assisted by 3fZSB TAN SIC-
LKS ta tbe coaaedy afeeteb. "806 Racket's
i Pajajoas-"
• FLO IRWIN AND WALTER HAWLET. ta
tie '"Gar Miss -Cos.**
"■-■---■ '•■-r.T - TROUPE 7? DOGS—
Greatest act by trailed cess m tbe -world.
FLOOD BROS., aerafcatlc - -i- --
FRANK XN'D DON. comedy boxer*.
JVMES CCLLEX. dwertptlre TOcaßaC
P\KLtNE HAIX. V» aces*,
BEATRICE MORELAND AND CCMPANT,
to "A Gaaie cf Golf."
BIOGRAPH. new «te»^
[ Referred Seats. Sc; si U:o<lT ' ltc: Op-m
f CaCATINEE»-WEIX.C aCATINEE»-WElX. sat. and sundat. .
ORPHEUM-EXTRA.
FIRST .CONCERT. * '-*&*$iSJB
: SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY" SOCtSTT.
FRITZ SCHEEL. Moateai Director.
THIS AFTERNOON. Nor. 17. -■ JOS.
, ■: PROGRAMME - «CLCDZS:
I cj— v c=r Nol i. -D- 38. T 2** *** crree-
■ tare raits ta A minor. Bach.
. PRICES Tic tl a=»l US*.
S«a.ts No» ca Sale at Ox OititMsaa.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
I Mrs. Eroastlaa Sreßsg. Proprltar aad Jlr=.
TO-NIGHT. ." -' : _-:'.:,
A Xssiea! Treat: Tbe T*sg* l !rg Oweceas*
Oscar WetTs Coaiedy Opera la Tire* Acts.
Suzette
A GREAT CAST. A PERFECT ENSEM3LS.
ONLY MATINEE— SATURDAT at 1 pi si. •."
-— Grand Scenic ' Pra>2t:etica of Re*- . •
- taa<rs Rgraastfe Geaaedy. .
CYRANO DEBERGER AC. !;
WTTH APPROPRIATE -.ISCSIC.
' . Seats en Sale; Next Mostflay 9tarataa\ . .•■
i Fenslar Prices..— ..*...V-Sc aad 580
■ A Reserved Scat for tbe MatSsee ......13c
- j Oar Teleptea*. . Basil i. •>,
CHUTES AND 200!
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVSNTNO. .
WAS DARWIN RIGHT? . .«
"GOIGO," As G*fih la.
"JOE STOHB «.." OruHtfn*
aad "SALLY," GunpiaEa
Ptar tie Arsirw'-
GREAT BILL in the FREE THEATEB.
TO-NIGHT". TO-NIGHT*
AMATEUR NIGHT!
I; : _iae.-.tacl^.»isx.a»'aigi Theater: CbCdrKi. Se-."-:;
COHC.EBTS A2TD BESCBT*.
I "~~^syrSS?BATHS.
I Open Daiiy frons 7 A. SI. to ,«♦ P. ■M»
Batbi-A frosn 7 A. M. to 5 P. «.
aoaussaoK rot - - - - cwldse* s«
| Ea.sit=S. >- »ts^ ammmom», sc; chttirea. £«.
78
THREE RIVAL
ASPIRANTS FOR
SAMOA'S THRONE
Chiefs Who Would Be
King.
CHANCES FAVOR MATAAFA
TAMASESE'S INTERPOSITION IS
NOT FAVORED.
The American Chief Justice, Cham
bers, Dealing Firmly With the
Natives and Winning
Approval.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
APIA, Nov. 2.— A1l danger of an
outbreak among the natives has dis
appeared and they hav«j settled down
peaceably to the tedious task of electing
a king for Samoa, according to Samoan
traditions. The only disturbing feature
is the appearance of Tamasese as a
candidate for the throne. The natives
want only two rivaJs in the contest. ;
but Tamasesp, who has but Faleasin and I
one small town in Atua to back him, per
sists in coming forward.
It is openly hinted on the beach that
this untoward action on Tamasese's part
is cine 10 Get man prompting. The fact j
that he was seen hanging around the
German store for several days prior to
his nomination lends strength to the sup
position. The Germans have all along
been striving to complicate matters and
to make the erection of a king as difficult
as possible, in the hope that a native war
would result. This would give them an
opportunity to profit by the confusion,
and to press their claim for the posses
sion of Samoa.
II iwever, the natives have declined to
furnish an opportunity for Teutonic in
trigues. At first, wh^n Tamasese made
appearance, the members of the Tu
amua. or loyal party, Beat for their arms
and threatened to destroy the towns
which supported Tamasese. They even
went so far as to slay the pretender's pig 3,
CHIEF MATAAfA.
l deadly insult, from the Samoan point of
.-lew. Fortunately active hostilities were
avoided and Tumasesop claim for dem
ises has been postponed until the royal
?le<nion is over.
So far. the position stands as follows:
For Malietoa's son Tanu. part of Tuama
siga, Apia, part of Falealili and part of
A.tua, the stronghold of the late Malie
toa'9 supporters.
For Mataafa. the greater part of Atua,
all Aaua except Faleasiu, and the whole
of Savaii.
For Tamasese, Faleaslu and a small
town in Atua.
The result looks like a sure thing for
Mataafa. but there is doubt as to the i
manner in which the German representa- i
tives will regard the former exile's elec-
Tinrc. The Germans have not forgotten j
bow Mataafa once took up arms against
them, and actually defeated, with heavy
loss, a landing party from their men-of-
war.
Chief Justice Chambers, the American i
head of the Supreme Court, has been win- )
ningr golden opinions from the Europeans '
by reason of his firm action in dealing j
with native affair?. For a long: time prior
to Judge Chambers' advent, the Supreme
Court was practically powerless to Qeal
with debtors in the outlying districts. Its
writ would not run on the other Isffes of
the group, and even on Upolu ita power j
was limited to the municipality of Apia, j
All this has been changed by the Judge"s !
firmness. Kecentljr E. P. Allen, a trader I
in Savaii. was swindled out of $300 by the !
natives of Safotulafai. They laughed in I
his face when asked to pay the debt, and j
Bold their copra to a rival trader. The re
sult was that the intervention of the 1
Supreme Court was worked, and to their ■
intense surprise the Samoans found their
copra seized and placed under the seal ;
of the land. Then they gave in and paid
Op. As the case was regarded as a test j
one and closely watched by the Samoanf, i
its result will he most beneficial to the i
trading community. The natives have ,
learned that they cannot break the law j
with impunity, and that they must pay j
their debts, just as white men do.
The German gunboats Buzzard and j
Valke and the British gunboats Por
poise and Ringdove are at anchor in
the harbor at Apia.
STANFORD VARSITY'S
EXCELLENT SHOWING
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 16.—
This afternoon's practice on the football
field was encouraging In more ways than
one. The varsity put up a good game, |
scoring twice on the second team, which
was strengthened by Coach Cross, who
donned his suit and played against Big
low at center. The work of the varsity
■wns fast and Its tackling was particular
ly good. Murphy made the star play of
the day in running a distance of twenty
five yards through the center of the field.
The enthusiasm of the students has
never been greater than at to-day's prac
tice. Rooters divided into squads of
twenty under the command of captains.
fillt-d the bleachers and yelled with
Thanksgiving clay vim. The University
Board was out and assisted in the "jolly
up." The last practice before the team |
goes to Congress Springs will be held to- !
morrow. Coach Cross was assisted in the !
coaching by Clemans, '93, and Downing, I
'1..
Famous Greyhound Dead.
I.OS ANGELES, Nov. 16.— Crow Dog, a
celebrated greyhound that has run in the
cup races in San Francisco, and which
was brought originally from New York j
to the roast by R. L. Leefl. died at Agri
cultural Park last night. Crow Dog was
own'-d by J. J. Melus and Colonel F. D.
Black.
General Graham Seriously 111.
ATLANTA. On., Nov. 1" -A telegram
was received here to-day announcing the
serious illness at Fort Hamilton, New
York, of Major General William M. Gra
ham. Tho general's trouble i 3 typhoid
fever, combined with an attack of pneu
monia.
ROSIE R IS THE
COURSING QUEEN
Wins First Prize at the
Merced Meet.
ACCIDENT ON CLOSING DAY
'coach bearing official*} is
overturned.
Flag Steward Sheehan and Field
Steward Clarkson Seriously
Injured in Their
Fall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED, Nov. 16.— The final day's
meeting of the Ingleside Coursing
Club, which was a grand success from
a sportsman's point of view, was un
fortunately marred by an accident
which, owing to reckless driving, oc
curred on the journey home from the
coursing. fields. Within a four-horse
coach were seated Judge John Grace, Slip
Steward William Halpin, Field Stew
ards W. T. Flynn, Captain Clarkson
and T. McHugh, Flag Steward J. Shee
han, Joe Lynch and James Shea.
When within about five miles of Merced
and before crossing the Oakdale rail
road the driver, who was unmindful of
several requests to go slow, ran his
team off the road, upsetting the coach
and pitching its occupants out. W. T.
Flynn, an active fellow, who was sit
ting next to the driver, landed on his
feet and Jn an instant had the two
leaders well in hand, thereby saving
those who wer» within the upset wagon
from probable death. Assistance was
near at hand and the Imprisoned men
were quickly liberated.
John Sheehan's right collar bone was
broken and his right arm injured. Cap
tain P. M. Clarkson, who is superin
tendent of the County Jail No. 2 at San
Francisco, was unconscious when taken
out, and a physician who examined him
there said he could not tell what his in
juries really amounted to, but that he
thought that his spinal column was in
jured. T. McHugh landed on his head,
but fortunately escaped serious injury.
The winner of the stake, Rosie R, is
a black bitch of great speed and dash.
Fortunately she had comparatively
short courses, but she broke the hares
down by her great bursts of speed be
fore they gained much headway. She
is owned by T. J. Mclnerney.
Victor Queen, the runner up, is a
fawn and white bitch of great staying j
qualities. She ran in very good luck
all through the meeting. She is owned j
by Russell & Wilson.
Patria, a brindle bitch, won third
prize. She was very unfortunate in
getting all grueling courses. In fact j
she is said to have killed two hares at j
one time before her handlers could
reach her after making the first kill.
She is owned by Lowe & Thompson.
Orpheum Lass, winner of fourth
money, is the property of C. W. Merry.
Ros'ie R is by Johnny Rex-Annie
Laurie; Victor Queen by Jim o' the
Hill-Russell's Nancy; Patria by Lord
Neversettle-Patrara; Orpheum Lass by
Jack Dempsey-Wee Lassie.
After the intermission for luncheon
the club intended to course over the
grounds recently coursed by the Inter
state Club, where hares were very
plentiful, but at the suggestion of some
country friend the old grounds were
again traversed and fully two hours
lost in the search for game. Finally
the club entered the fields adjacent to
the line of the Valley Railroad, wh^re
it fcund hares in plenty. Had the fra
i lernity followed its original intention
' the accident could have been averted,
j as the sportsmen could have returned
j home long before the sun had set in the
I v.;estfrn sky.
A descriptive account of the day 3
meeting as seen from a conveyance
'Vecond round of the all-age stake
coursed on Mitchell and Crocker
ranches. Dogs in slips at 9:40 a. m. for
th j e o^nv C °R Ur v s: Senorita-Johnny R Im
mediately took possession and worked the
haVe spendidly. not allowing Senorita to
score a simrle -oint in the race which
was tolerably short. Winner, Johnny R.
S?rmalOvs°S ?rma lO vs° Vhlte Diamond-Thl. ?as a
short course. Irma led by a lenmh to the
lame and did some very pretty work.
riving the hare off its line and scoring
wrenches to her credit. White Diamond
got in at the finish for a turn and kill.
6 'jenJk Wilson-Jen
nie Wilson led, but the hare swerved to
the left favoring Orpheum Lass who
took possession and held it until they
reached a plowed field, where Jennie
again shot to the front and was leading
wfien they got out of sight. Winner Or
ph e^v L S.° Tuolumne Belle-Rusty
Gold led by several lengths to the hare
but after scoring quite a number of
noints Tuolumne took charge anu was
leading when last seen. Judge Grace
stated that Busty Gold quit running and
23? S n e a a re by^lnn O c P r P felS
12 Khl?s UU SS S vl Ro S fe^-Ro R led from
a short slip and did not allow her oppo
nent to score while ihe dogs were in view
of the spectators. It was a short course.
Winner Rosie R. Score 16 to 0.
Glenrosa vs. Gladiator-Gladiator, to a
difficult slip, led to the hare and scored a
turn and wrench before Glenrosa got in
for a turn. Glenrosa was leading when
they passed from view. Winner Gladi
ator. Score 24 to 13.
Old Glory vs. White Rocket— The own
er of White Rocket allowed his doe to
escape to a hare, and, having had a
grueling course, he was at first, with
drawn. Afterward the owner : changed
his mind and allowed him to run. Old
Glory led and scored, but after covering
about four hundred yards White Rocket
got in and was leading when last seen.
A very long course. Winner, Old Glory;
score 12 to 4. ■--''. :-■'■*■■■„
Beauty va. Benlcia Boy— was a
short course. Benicia Boy led and scored
first turn. Beauty was close up to her
i game when the Boy killed. Winner, Be
nicia Boy; score, 5 to 3.
Silkwood vs. Victor o Queen-Victor
Queen led from slips, but Silkwood cross
ed in on the right behind her. The Queen
scored the turn and worked her game
beautifully, allowing Silkwood to get in
for only a few points. inner, Victor
Dauntless vs. Flashlight— Dauntless led
Dauntless vs. Flashlight— Dauntless led
from slip and scored fully seven points
I before Flashlight got close up. Dauntless
i was holding a good lead when they were
! lost in the distance. • Winner, Dauntless;
score, 38 .to 0. . — : _, .■;
Rocklin Belle vs. Lady Jane— This was
a very long and very pretty course. Lady
i Jane led from slips and made first turn.
Rocklin . Belle was very" close up and
scored second turn. The Belle then took
possession : for some distance. when the
Lady got in again, but was again re
placed by Rocklin Belle. The ; dogs were
close to the hare when lost to view. Win
ner, Rocklin Belle; score. 27 to 9. :
-' Patria vs. Royal Prize— Patria gave
Royal Prize a good besting in the first
I part of the course. She took possession
! right away and held the winning position
as - long as she was within sight of ; ' the
spectators. ':■-'. Royal Prize ran up • points
fast at the finish. Winner, Patria; score,
I9to 7. v - •;.':: •: : - • • ■■■ . ' ■ . - ; ■ ■ • -T; ;
Sarcastic a bye with Rose of Tralee —
The dog outclassed the Rose all through
the course, excepting at the finish, when
she got in for the turn and kill. Winner,
Sarcastic; score, 9to 3. ,
Advances made on furniture and plants, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1033 Mission.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1898.
SPAIN SEEKS
TO RESORT TO
ARBITRATION
Wants to Make Her
Own Terms.
CRISIS EXPECTED SATURDAY
CLAIMS SOVEREIGNTY OVER
THE PHILIPPINES.
War Officials at Washington Mak
ing Active Preparations for
the Possible Resumption
of Hostilities
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Nov. 16.— The meeting to-day
of the Spanish-American Commission
ers began at 2:15 p. m. and ended at
3 p. m.
The Spanish Commissioners present
ed a long document in answer to the
American argument which was sub
mitted last week. By mutual consent
the memorandum of to-day was hand
ed to the Americans without being read
and the meeting adjourned until Sat
urday. The Spanish communica
tion will be translated this evening and
its contents wil be discussed by the
United States Commisisoners to-mor
row at the usual daily session.
The Spaniards, in their communica
tion to-day reaffirmed the position
which they assumed against the discus
sion here of Spain's Philippine sover
eignty. They insist that the words
"shall determine the control, disposi
tion and government of the Philip
pines" in Article 111 of the peace
proctol do not warrant any reference to
Spain's withdrawal from the Philip
pines except on her own terms, and
therefore the Spaniards propose arbi
tration on the construction to be placed
on the words "the control, disposition
and government."
In signifying their willingness to sub
mit the Philippine article of the pro
tocol to a third party for construction,
the Spanish commissioners urged to
day that, as there is obviously a differ
ence of opinion regarding the phrase
"the control, disposition and govern
ment of the Philippines," possibly the
result of a misunderstanding, the
Spaniards should no more be asked to
surrender their view than the Ameri
cans to surrender theirs.
The memorandum points out that a
deadlock exists which might be broken
by arbitration on the contending views,
to which the Spanish Commissioners
are quite ready to submit. The latter
declare that they have no idea of sug
gesting arbitration as to the main is
sue, which touches the national honor
of both sides, but they are willing to
accept exterior aid to clear the path
of negotiations.
It is safe to say that the American
Commissioners will not consent to in
voke exterior aid to construe the terms
of their own protocol.
Another part of to-day Spanish
memorandum flatly asserts, upon the
authority of M. Cambon's reports of
the protocol negotiations between
Washington and Madrid, through him,
that President McKinley at no time
objected to Spain's reservation of her
sovereignty in the Philippines.
This allegation is directly opposed to
the American record on the same sub
ject. Judge Day's note to M. Cambon,
dated August 10 and already made
public, informed him that Spain's note
of August 7, accepting the terms of
peace laid down by the United States,
was not explicit, and proposed a pro
tocol to reduce both parties to exacti
tude. The American Commissioners
now hold that the protocol itself was
born of Spain's attempt to restore her
Philippine sovereignty, through the
Snanish memorandum to-day squarely
challenges the contention.
Moreover, the Spanish Commission
ers to-day have alleged that President
McKinley's objection to Spain's phrase
ology in accepting the terms of peace
was based solely, so far as was made
known, upon this sentence in the Span
ish acceptance: "They accepted the
proffered terms subject to the approval
of the Cortes of the Kingdom, as re
quired by their constitutional duty."
The Spanish memorandum of to-day
holds that M. Cambon answered the
American objection to this by pointing
out that the American terms were prof
fered subject to the approval of the
Americans, but that President McKin
ley replied that he did not desire to in
volve the internal affairs of Spain in
the proceedings on hand.
The Spanish memorandum also asks i
why, if the United States objected to j
Spain's reservation of sovereignty, they 1
did not plainly say so in the protocol I
and leave no room for argument. It
asks why Judge Day's note of August
10 did not clearly declare that the Unit
ed States would not recognize such
reservation and that the protocol was
necessary to prevent a misunderstand
ing of that point.
It also asks why Judge Day's note
practically ascribed the inexplicit form
of Spain's acceptance of the terms to
telegraphic errors, while the exact
terms of Spain's reservation of sov
ereignty, as held in Washington before
the protocol, are now being quoted in
the proceedings here.
This portion of the Spanish memo
randum is based upon letters written
by M. Cambon at the time, purporting
to describe interviews and transac
tions attending the peace terms and
protocol.
On Saturday, the date fixed for the
next meeting, the Americans will make
their response, in the course of which
it is not unlikely that the exact terms
and precise time limit of their accept
ance will be communicated.
LONDON TIMES THINKS
SPAIN IS "BLUFFING"
LONDON, Nov. 17. — The Times, com
menting editorially this morning upon
the Spanish suggestion of arbitration
regarding the Philippines, refers to It
as "obviously futile and absurd."
"The Spanish says the
Times, "has no real intention of break
ing off the negotiations. It is only pro
longing them in order to familiarize
the public mind in Spain with the in
evitable concessions.
"Certainly there is no need for the
United States to send a fleet to Spain,
as they could easily enforce submission
without that. Spain would be foolish
to sulk and thus lose the money com
pensation America is now willing to
pay."
■The Vienna correspondent of the
Times, referring to the strictures of
some Austrian newspapers on Amer
ica's action regarding the Philippines,
says:
"These attacks' l can positively as
sert, in no way represent the attitude
of the Government. Neither Emperor
Francis Joseph nor any of his advisers
ever had the remotest intention of at
tempting to exert influence upon the
negotiations between Washington and
Madrid. On the contrary the Austro-
Hungarian Government has remained
perfectly neutral throughout and would
probably be content to see the ineffi
cient Spanish administration in the
Philippines superseded.
"It is not even certain that Germany
would prove irreconcilable to American
annexation of the archipelago, but
looking to the suspicions German con
duct has aroused, it is quite time for
Germany officially to declare her pol
icy."
The Madrid correspondent of the
Standard says: "There is considerable
disappointment in high quarters at the
failure of the Spanish Peace Commis
sioners to obtain any important con
cessions, at least financial ones, from
the United States. Senors Montero
Rios, Garnica and Abarzuza are re
proached with conducting the negotia
tions too much like lawyers and with
out sufficiently attending to the more
conciliatory suggestions of their col
leagues on the commission.
"In the same strain it is argued that
Senor Rios would undoubtedly earn
popularity by declining to sign peace
on such harsh conditions and by pa
triotically throwing up his mission.
But all sensible people share Senor Sa
gasta's opfcnion that it would be better
to secure peace on any terms, while
protesting against ungenerous treat
ment.
"There is a widespread feeling in
Spain tha>t it would be better to get
rid of the ungrateful colonies and of
everything t<-> lead to fresh American
aggression. The bitterness of the feel
ing against the United states is now
greater than ever among all classes.
Certainly the Government's principal
preoccupation is the question of a Car
list rising, but it is believed that any
attempt could be speedily suppressed.
TROOPS BEING MADE
READY FOR SERVICE
WASHINGTON, Nov. IB.— There has
been remarkable activity about the War
Department for several days In the way
of preparing troops for service in lands
beyond the United States. An order has
been Issued directing at least ten regi
ments of the regular army now stationed
in Northwestern forts and posts to hold
themselves in readiness for immediate
transportation and service in tropical
climates. While holding themselves in
readiness for service, the regiments will
be recruited to their full strength.
Nothing is said officially as to what the
present activity means, but there are
several reasons suggested. It is believed
that the United States Government de
sires to be in a position to meet any con
ditions that may grow out of the pending
peace negotiations and to be in readiness
to resume hostilities If Spain refuses to
accept \the terms the American Peace
Commissioners offer. In this connection
an intimation has got about that during
the delay which has occurred Spain has
been able to form some sort of a coalition
with European powers to back up the
pretensions she has been making in tne
negotiations.
WILL PURCHASE ONE
OF THE COLONIES
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— The acqui
sition of an island in the Caroline
group, owned by Spain, will be part of
the work of the Pa-ris Peace
Commission. Cable communication
between the United States and
Manila via Honolulu is re
garded as desirable, and the distance
between Honolulu and Guam Island in
the Ladrone group is so great as to
make an intermediary station neces
sary. Officials believe that one of the
Caroline Islands would be useful
such intermediary Btation. The ac
quisition of any of the Caroline Islands
which is considered suitable for a
cable station would involve a meager
consideration, and the United States
will pay Spain a reasonable price for its
relinquishment.
AMOUNT TO BE PAID
FOR THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— Up to this
point, the discussion at Paris having
touched on principle, there has been no
attempt to name exact figures in rela
tion to the amount of money that might
be paid to Spain by the United States
on account of the Philippines. What is
proposed is a cash payment to Spain,
for the United States does not propose
to enter into any relations whatever
with any of the holders of the bonds
issued by Spain, notwithstanding the
effort? of some of the European power*
to bring this result about. As to the
amount which will be offered to Spain
the officials here are mute, but it is be
lieved to lie somewhere between *20,
000 000 and $40,000,000. Our commission
ers do not look for an unconditional re
jection of our offer, but believe tnere
will be an attempt on the part of the
Spanish Commissioners to secure a lib
eral increase of theamount named.
INSTRUCTIONS TO
DEFEND SPAIN'S RIGHTS
MADRID, Nov. 16.— The Minister for
Foreign Affairs, Duke Almodovar do
Rlos, has received dispatches from the
Spanish Peace Commissioners, now in
Paris indicating that to-day s meeting
of the joint commissions will not be the
last The commissioners have re
ceived additional instructions to de
fend Spain's rights in the Philippines.
CHILD OF MRS.
BARNES KIDNAPED
CLEVELAND, Nov. 16.— Another chap
ter was added to the celebrated Barnes-
Magowan affair here to-day. The seven
year-old daughter of Mrs. Barnes was
kidnaped by a woman and Immediately
taken out of the olty. The child has
been living with her grandfather, who
was appointed her guardian.
Subsequently it was learned that the
woman and child had taken the 1 o'clock
train on the Lake Shore road for the
East. The police immediately began
telegraphing to police officials all along
the route to arrest the woman Mr.
Barnes has sworn out a warrant charg
ing Mrs. Magowan with the kidnaping.
At 5 p m. the abductors were Inter
cepted on a Lake Shore train at Erie,
Pa., and placed under arrest. They were:
Mrs. Frank J. Magowan, Mrs. D. R. H.
Wvnn and Frank D. Mazowan. With
them was the child Edith. When accosted
by the detective Magowan shoved a roll
of bills at him and told him to go away,
but the officer was obdurate. Tne three
prisoners were arraigned before Alderman
McAndrews and the case hMd open until
to-morrow, bail being given.
THOUGHT DREYFUS MAY
NOT BE BROUGHT BACK
'•■ PARIS, Nov. 16.— The • announcement
that two advocates will be sent to Cay
enne, capital of French Guiana, to assist
Dreyfus in the • preparation ■:.: of V his de
fense gives rise to. the belief \ that he will
not, after all; be brought back. It ;is be
lieved he has already received the Gov
ernment's message . announcing the ; re
vision; - The Court 1 of Cassation will un
doubtedly demand .the secret dossier and,
according 'to the Soir.'the .:■.. Government
has taken the full - responsibility for
whatever . measures may ; be necessary ■to
prevent l the dossier .; obtaining r a publicity
that would i be dangerous from an inter
national -point of ; view. ■. . •; ••■■■:
•
TO FILL AN T7NEXPIBED TERM.
CARSON, Nov. 16.— Governor Sadler to
day appointed Benjamin F. Curler to fill
the unexpired term of Judge of the Sec
ond Judicial District caused by the resig
nation of Judge Cheney. Mr. Curler is the
newly elected Judge, and he would have
taken his seat the first of the year.
NICARAGUA CANAL
SURVEY PROGRESSING
Commission Completes Its Work at
the West Entrance of the Pro-
posed Waterway.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16.— The survey of
the west entrance of the proposed Nica
raguan canal has been finished, the map,
with soundings, platted and the contours
put in. This survey completes the neces
sary work of the commission for this vi
cinity.
The survey of the eastern entrance at
Greytown has been platted and the map
finished. The soundings run out from
one-half to one and a half miles from low
water and show the eight-fathom con
tour. This is sufficient for the eastern
entrance, and estimates can readily and
quickly be made for any of the proposed
projects for deepening and improving the
harbor at this spot. ... .
The harbor lines at Greytown will t»e
greatly changed. This is owing not only
to a slightly changed line but to the shift
ing of the sand deposits about the en
trance. In some places, where there was
good water at the date of the last survey
the sand appears above the sea now at
low water. _ . 
The harbor head lagoon will probably
not be cut into to any extent, as the line
will run to the northward. Only sufficient
cutting will be done to insure a safe and
roomy harbor for the vessels awaiting
their entrance into the canal proper.
EXPELLED FROM THE
LEGION OF HONOR
Frances de Prossense, the Dreyfus
Agitator, Incurs the Wrath of
Its Officers.
PARIS, Nov. 16.— The Commissary of
Police to-day notified M. Frances de
Prossense, the well-known writer, politi
cal economist and Dreyfus agitator, of
his formal expulsion from the Legion of
Honor. This is a sequel of M. de Pros
sense's denunciation of certain officers for
their treatment of Dreyfus.
M. Frances de Prossense Is the son of
the famous French Protestant pastor and
writer of the same name, who died in
1891. He was born in Paris in 1853; en
tered the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in
1879; was appointed secretary of the
French Embassy at Constantinople In
February, 18S0, and in April of the same
year was appointed secretary of the
French Legation at Washington. Shortly
afterward he left the diplomatic service.
He was at one time contributor to
Temps, of Paris, and is the author of
"Ireland and England From the Active
Union Down to Our Days."
WILLIAM TO VISIT
SPAIN INCOGNITO
No Honors Will Be Rendered the
Kaiser on His Arrival at
Cadiz.
MADRID, Nov. 16.— The Spanish Gov
ernment has been advised that Emperor
William will arrive at Port Mahon, Island
of Minorca, on Friday, and that he will
reach Cartagena on Saturday and Cadiz
on Sunday. His Majesty will observe the
strictest Incognito, no honors will be ren
dered him and the forts and the German
warships will merely exchange the usual
naval salutes. The Spanish authorities
will not board the Imperial yacht Hohen-
zollern.
PARIS, Nov. 16.— The Volonte says
Emperor William has sounded the French
Government about visiting French waters,
but It is denied that a fleet has been or
dered to meet the Emperor.
EX-QUEEN OF HAWAII
COMING TO AMERICA
Liliuofcalanl Will Ask Congress for
the Lands She Controlled as
a Sovereign.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— Ex-Queen
Liilluokalani will sail from Honolulu for
this country December 10. This informa
tion reached Washington to-day. It is
said that the ex-Queen will ask Congress
for an annuity anu the lands controlled
by her as Hawaii's sovereign. She will
also, it is stated, remain in this country
permanently.
SOUTH DAKOTA RETURNS.
Republicans Elect Congressmen, but
Lose th« Governorship.
SIOUX FALLS, S. D., Nov. 16.— The of
ficial count is now progressing through
out the State, and enough official returns
have been received to make certain the
election of the entire Republican State
ticket, with the possible exception of the
Governor. The Republican Congressmen
have been elected by majorities ranging
between 3000 and 5000. The Legislature is
Republican in both branches. Chairman
Kidd's figures show that Lee (Fusionist)
has been elected Governor by 412. He
concedes the defeat of the remainder of
the Fusion State ticket. Woman suffrage
has been defeated. The dispensary amend
ment will hardly carry, while the initia
tive and referendum will carry by a vote
of 2 to 1.
BARK COLUMBIA ASHORE,
SEATTLE, Nov. 16.— The tug Wallowa,
from Skaguay. reports the bark Columbia
ashore on Wales Island, near Port Simp
son Alaska. The Columbia was coming
down in tow of the Wallowa. The line
parted and the Columbia was carried
ashore. Although badly injured, she is
not a total wreck.
Napa Residence Purned.
NAPA, Nov. 16.— The residence of Mrs.
Mary A. Gllchrist burned this morning,
also the furniture of the tenant, Dr. D. B.
Greninger. Loss on furniture $500; unin
sured. Loss on dwelling $3000; insurance
$2000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales overe, 000,000 Boxes
FOB BILIOUS AND NEEVOUS DISOBDEBS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness, Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of HHeatt t Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIBBT DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTEB. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
EKKCHAM'B PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARCEBT BALE
•T any Patent Medicine tn the World*
860. at all Drug Stores.
DR. MCNULTY.
npHIS WELL-KNOWN AND KELIABLE OLD
JL Speciallstcwrr* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private TJlseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients cured atHome. Terms rea..onah!e. Houra9
to3daily;6:3otoB:3oev'gg. Sunday*, 10 tn 12. Consul-
tuilon free ftud sacredly confidential. Call, or address
P. ROSCOE McNULTY, M.D.,
26S Kcarny St., San Francisco, Cal.
RAISIN GROWERS TO
FIGHT THE PACKERS
Long-Expected Breach Between the Two
Elements of California's Great
Industry Occurs.
FRESNO, Nov. 16.— The breach between the California Raisin
Growers' Association and the raisin packers, which had been expect
ed for some time, has occurred, and President Kearny of the raisin
growers' combine who was the leading spirit in the formation of the
organization, to-day issued a circular to the growers urgii.«r them to
reorganize the combine for next year entirely independent of the
packers.
Last year an agreement was entered Into between the association
and the packers whereby the latter agreed not handle any raisins
that did not pass through the combine, and the association allotted to
each nacker a portion of the crop. There immediately was general
dissatisfaction among the packers, as each one claimed that he
should have received a larger share of the allotment. The original al
lotment was then revised, but all through the season there has been a
great deal of trouble between the association and the p ckers.
Some time ago Gartenlaub & Pratt of the Phoenix Pacldng
House, the largest In the city, drew out of the combine, and their
place was attached. Afterward a settlement was made, but since that
time a bitter newspaper controversy has been going on between
Kearny and Mr. Gartenlaub.
In his circular to the growers President Kearny asks them to
meet on December 5 to consider the matter of the reorganization of
the association, and urges the establishment by the association of its
own packing house. He states that a saving of $245,000 could be ef
fected in the packing charges and commissions. Of course, the pack
ers will oppose the scheme, and either the association or the packers
will go down.
MILES WOULD PROTECT
THE FREED COLONISTS
General Discusses War Besults at a
Chamber of Commerce Banquet
in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16.— Speaking at the
Chamber of Commerce banquet last night
General Miles said:
"Twelve millions of the people that a
year ago were suffering under the op
pression of tyranny and cruelty are to
day, under our protection.
"Gentlemen, what are you joing to do
with them? Are you going to turn them
back again? (Cries of "No no!") No, It
would be the crime of the nineteenth cen
tury to do It. If you cannot erive them
liberty in htelr own country, if you can
not establish government for them, you
can at least protect them until auch time
as they shall be prepared for self-govern
ment, and if they do not care to come and
be a part of this country, you can see to
it that they have a liberal and a free
government, such as you enjoy your
selves. I am not talking about expan
sion or about any political questions. .
am simply stating what the army and
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
j YARICOCELE CURED ! i
+ * ■me-£/a.'*i>t£iW'''>x&*aAj<*tfikk'Jm
♦ DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. X
♦ , +
♦ An Old Varicocele Cured. >
+ " VALLECITO, Cal. +
+ TiT» SANDEN-Dear Sir: The Electric Belt which I purchased of you about two •*-
I •«,t..mhM Anna wonders It completely and permanently cured me of Varicocele 
■*■ £T^f a ? Btandln^ I was obllKed to wear a suspensory every day during this time. +
♦ f th? w tt away ovefslx months a|o For $500 I would not be placed In the physical >
+ Ln h d?t7o n t^^B^ r i^ X Mme^ v I will answer all l questions H a^addressed .J
T envelope is sent with the letter of Inquiry. Yours truly. W. D. ALLEN. T*
+ Not a day passes but some grateful patient tells of his almost mi- +
.4. raculous recovery from the destroying influence of this trouble. Many T^
I have said that Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has been worth its weight In T.
**" cold to them May it not to you Send for the little book, "Three +
"♦■Classes of Men," sealed, free, with. full information. Address +
X DR. M. T. SANDEN, * ~ m __„„ pTn __. * X
+ 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny. San Francisco. NOT IN DRUG STORES. +
-i. Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundayi».JW I> fi«.nde^~Eieetria H*« 1
T to 1. Branches at Los Angeles,. Cal., 232 Weit i- «„-? ««m i« *S,» -»S2: T
♦ Second street: Portland, Or., 253 Washington Jf m . n «T. Jf° »<* J n <£"«■*£«• +
4. Street; Denver, Colo.. 981 Sixteenth street; ?? rr * T *«£ elln * ** enU: oal » T
Dalla., Tex.. 285- Main street; Butta, Mont. at our office. ■ +
4- 110 North Main street. * : ;; — — * +
BtHBL. For more than ten. years I suffered severely from dyspepsia, and dur-
ing that time consulted many physicians. First it was the family
doctor in New York, where I then resided, and later I had treat-
ment at the New York Hospital, but obtained no permanent relief.
For over a month I had visited my family physician in Bayonne,
twice in every week, and as a last resort an appointment had been
made when I was to*«?ibmit to the process of having the stomach
washed out by the siphon arrangement, which is found a mode *rf
treatment more beneficial in its effects than enjoyable in the pro-
cess. About this time, however. I had a conversation with a
friend who wai acquainted with the merits of Ripans Tabulee. and
he presented me with a box for trial. Well, I did try them, and
could feel that they did me good, so I bought more, and in my
house nowadays you will always find a supply of Ripans Tabules.
I find them easier to take than powders or liquids, or even than
Bwallowing hot water in the morning. My condition is so much
improved that of late I have had no occasion to resort to them
at all. Before I found the Tabules, my bill for attendance and
medioine was rarely lees than three dollars a week. The Tabulea
have not only improved my condition, but have been efflcacioui
in the case of fxietds to whom I have recommended them*
navy have achieved. They have given
freedom to the 12,000,000 of people, and I
am very sure that 80.000,000 of Americans
will not desert them."
SALE OF SEATS FOR
YALE-HARVARD GAME
Three Thousand Disposed Of in Lota
of Two and Three Within
Fifteen Minutes.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 16.— The
public sale of tickets for the Tale-Harv
ard game began at 9 o'clock this morning,
and inside of fifteen minutes the 3000 or
more seats on the end stands and on tho
newly built ones in corners were disposed
of, going in lots of two and three tickets
to' each purchaser. A small army of
speculators was on hand ready to gobble
up lots of ten, as it was expected that
first-comers would be served with as
many as asked for. The management waa
ready for trickery, and every supposed
speculator was tabooed by a spotter and
the ticket-sellers refused them seats.
Never before at the Yale-Harvard game
has the demand been so great for seats,
despite the 6600 extras added this year.
Varicocele, the insidious, life-dc- 1
stroying affliction which follows in -
the wake of excesses, indiscretions, +
strains or injury — the weak, flabby +
and swollen veins; the knotted, +
wormy feeling- in , the vital glands — •£
this terrible, treacherous malady ]is ?T|
eating the vital strength from our _^_
young men; it has wrought havoc a
among multitudes of men who +.
should be in their prime. . Men who +.
should be strong and vigorous are +•
weak and frail through the terrible +■
waste caused by this awful trouble. +•
Do not permit it to grow upon you. +•
It saps the life from your system "*" :
slowly, but as surely as consump- "*"
tion. Cure it while you can. Cure J^
it with £ONE "GREAT
MORAL LESSON"
THAT FAILED
Journalistic Preacher
Discredited.
THE EXAMINER'S MISTAKE
CURRY'S ELECTION PROVIDES A
BIT OF HUMOR.
Looking Back-ward Proves Disastrous
to the Credit of the Third-
Street Political Pooh
Bah.
Even so grave a matter as a general
election has Its humorous side.
The place where the laugh comes In is
not In the success of one set of candi
dates and the defeat of the other —
though it is true that succes^in politics
as In every other walk of life tends to
promote good nature — but in the man
ner in which some people, who pose as
the intellectual superiors of their fel
lows, attempt to explain the causes
that brought afcout the result, and to
draw great moral and political lessons
therefrom. Ordinarily these explana
tions are taken and considered as ca
lamities not to be averted, but occa
sionally it so happens that conditions
make it possible for the every-day citi
zen to catch the oracle without his
mask and — well, there is where the
laugh comes in.
The recent election furnished the un
usual conditions in the case of the elec
tion of Charles F. Curry to the office of
Secretary of State, and the general
public is at the present moment enjoy
ing a broad smile at the expense of the
Examiner. It all came about through
a mistake made by those engaged in
collecting election returns in summing
up the vote polied by the various candi-
I iates for State offices in the several
ountiea. It was thus made to appear
that R. A. Thompson, the Democratic
:.ee, had been elected by a small
majority over Charles F. Curry, when
as a matter of fact Curry had been
elected by a majority of something over
4000. The supposed election of Thomp
son, taken in connection with other re
sults of the election, was taken by the
Examiner and made the subject of an
editorial sermon under the heading,
"Great Moral Lressons of the Election."
The mind of the reader is prepared for
the great "moral lesson" by the opening
paragraph:
In the exultation of the Republicans
over their general success, in the chagrin
of the Democrats over their defeat, the
great moral victories of the campaign
should not be lost to view. The people
rebuked the Democratic leaders for their
r iice and trimming at the time of
a great national crisis, but this fact has
c more remarkable and
-rthy the rebuke of individual Re
publicans who have not been true to their
public trusts.
After passing judgment on the -way in
which the people of the State voted on
the candidates for Associate Judges of
the Supreme Court, the journalistic
task master gets down to the meat of
his subject as foHows:
Then let us look at the case of Curry,
the Republican nominee for Secretary
of State. His opponent was not a man
who had been much in the public view.
He was not a popular idol. Yet in an al
most unparalleled Republican year he has
been able to defeat Curry before the
people.
A- r .i;n the lesson 13 plain and the moral
victory- encouraging. Curry as County
Clerk "of San Francisco was the reposi
tory of public trust. He broke his
pledges. He maladministered the affairs
of his office. He was recklessly extrava
riminally careless. Even the jury
box was not sacred in his hands.
So the people resented the effort to give
thiß unfaithful servant a higher place.
They said in so many words: "We will
punish dishonesty in office so that future
conventions will not attempt to force
upon us men who have betrayed the in
terests of the public." The defeat of
Curry has elevated the tone of California
politics.
Now, here's a howdy-do. Curry was
not defeated; therefore, if the Ex
aminer's line of argument is taken as
a basis of reasoning, the tone of Cali
fornia politics has not been elevated.
The "so many words" in which the
Examiner declared the people punished
dishonesty and warned future conven
tions were never spoken; therefore, ac
cording to the Examiner, the people
kept "mum" when they shriid, by their
acts, have spoken "so many words."
Having failed "to elevate California
politics" by the election of Thompson,
it is fair to presume that we have not
retrograded, but are still, plodding
along in the same old rut of political
depravitly that must, if what the Ex
aminer says is true, have marked the
period of the State administration un
der Governor Budd. It is very fur.n.y,
this "great moral lesson."
It is in the closing paragraph of his
sermon that the journalistic preacher
makes hia greatest hit. He says:
The voters of California have given no
tice to the politicians that they demand
ty in office and a spotless Supreme
Surely If the politicians are wise
they will heed the notice and profit by the
warning.
To which set of politicians is refer
ence made? If the Examiner means to
say that it is to the Democratic poli
ticians that notice has been served,
then it was Judge Maguire and the
other members of the fusion following
who went down to defeat because the
Examiner had not warned them in time
that the voters of the State would "de
mand honesty in office and a spotless
Supreme Court." if reference is made
to politicians of Republican faith It is
not apparent why any "warning" Is
needed. The laugh seems to be on the
Examiner.
HOTEL SNEAKTHXEF.
Cornelius Bonoha, With Several
Aliases, Arrested for Petty-
Larceny.
Cornelius Bonoha was arrested by De
tective Reynolds yesterday and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of petty lar
ceny. The police claim, that he Is a ho
tel <=neakthief, and when his room was
searched several suits of clothes and
overcoats, presumed to have been stolen,
were found.
He had been employed for a few weeks
as night watchman at the Granada Ho
tel, Butter and Hyde streets, but was dis
charged last Monday. The following day
Mrs. Levy, proprietor of the hotel, re
ceived a note by a messenger boy pur
porting to be signed by Count H. Mutsu,
the Consul for Japan, who is a guest at
the hotel, asking her to give the messen
ger his overcoat. She did so, but when
Count Mutsu appeared It was discovered
that he had not sent the note.
Bonoha was suspected and the over
coat was recovered. He is known by dif
ferent names. He worked for a short
time at the Baldwin and Occidental ho
tels, where he was known respectively as
George Boham and George Elardrey.
oil was plentiful.
Suspicious Fire in a Kearny-Street
Tailoring Establishment. .
A mysterious fire occurred In the three
story brick building, 216-218 Kearny street
at about 7:30 Tuesday night. The first floor
is occupied by Seelig's haberdashery: the
second by E. J. Stolz' and Frank Rein
hard's tailoring establishments. The third
floor is unoccupied.
The flames were first discovered shoot-
Ing from the window of the apartments
occupied by Reinhard. and when the Fire
Department arrived the room was a mass
of flames and a strong odor of kerosene
oil was noticeable. The fire was quickly
extinguished, and Fire Marshal Towe at
once Degan an investigation. An empty
five-gallon can was found In the room ana
all the rags and rubbish were saturated
with the fluid. Mr. Reinhard could not
be found, and none of the other tenants
could throw any light on the affair.
Marshal Towe will make a rigid examina
tion to-day, as he thinks everything
points toward incendiarism. The loss to
building and contents will not exceed $150.
WHAT HE CONSIDERS
THE HOME GUARD NEEDS
ADJUTANT GENERAL BARRETT
MAKES HIS REPORT.
The Number of Men Who Volun
teered — Recommendations as to
Equipment, Encampments
and Emergency Fund.
Adjutant General Barrett has present
! Ed his report for two years, ending June
!80 ISBB to Governor James H. Budd, .
i commander in chief of the National
Guard of California.
After calling attention to the organi
: zation of the Sixth Division of the Naval
Militia and Company I, Second Infantry,
at Grass Valley, and declaring that Com
pany F of the Second Infantry, located
at Woodland, was mustered out of the
service of the State ''for good and suffi
cient reasons," he says that of the $32.4t»
appropriated for uniforms $26,918 85 was
expended in the purchase of 3593 blouses,
3657 trousers, 205i> hats, 74 caps and 3 over
coats, and that in addition there was pro
cured for the naval militia 315 shirts, a
like number of pantaloons and 293 caps.
There remains in the uniform fund
55516 15. These were distributed to the
several organizations. These uniforms
were nearly all turned over to the Gen
eral Government at the outbreak of the
war with Spain.
The method of target practice was
changed so as to increase the practice
from 200 to 300 and 500 yards and the cost
of loading ammunition was reduced from
$17 50 to $12 per thousand.
The adjutant has words of praise for
the Sanitary Corps and the naval militia,
and declares that the sum of $5*300 appro
priated for coaling the Camanehe can be
used for cruise and drill on the Marion.
In relation to the calls for volunteers
he says that on the first call California
furnished 3343 officers and men, besides
three officers and twenty men of the sig
nal corps, being 120 more than her pro
rata. Upon the second call California
furnished 1016 recruits to fill to the maxi
mum number the companies mustered in
on the first call and In addition 1294 offi
cers and men aggregating 2310 or 367 more
than the pro rata on the second call. In
addition California furnished 80 officers
and men to the auxiliary navy, and he
says: "This patriotic response of Cali
fornia to the call of the national Govern
ment in its hour of need must ever' re
dound to her credit to our nation's his
tory and will be an example for future
emulation."
At the breaking out of the war the total
strength of the National Guard of Cali
fornia was forty-nine companies compos
ed of 206 officers, 3453 enlisted men, 14 offi
cers and 236 enlisted men. 36 officers and
Ml men of the naval militia, and 5 offi
cers and 99 men of ihe signal corps, all
constituting a division under command of
Major General Dickinson.
The records of the California volunteers
in the war with Spain, the adjutant says.
are being written up in his office and will
be continued while the California troops
remain in the service of the United State*.
He presents a number of recommenda
tions as follows: That the guard be re
organized to the same strength as it was
before the war: that hereafter no equip
ments or uniforms be purchased, except
such as are adopted and used by the reg
ular army; that the guard be re-uniform
ed at once and that each man be supplied
with an overcoat and one pair of blank
ets: that the guard (infantry branch) be
equipped with the Merriam pack; that the
Legislature pass an act to pay for armory
rent, during the time that they were un
occupied by xhe companies away at the
front; that the Legislature grant the offi
cers and men who volunteered from the
guard the right of having their time of
service in the National Guard continuous;
that the Legislature appropriate fMUMO
for the next two years for encampment
purposes: that an emergency fund be cre
ated to be used in case of a call, so that
California need not beg credit until the
meeting of the Legislature to authorize
the payment of claims and for that pur
pose that a revolving fund of $100,000 be
created to be dlsbarsed under the super
vision of the State Board of Military
Auditors and the Board of Examiners,
and that the State should build and own
its armories in the large cities of the
State.
LADIES' GOLF HANDICAP.
Competition for the Winslow Medal
Took Place at the Presidio Links
Yesterday.
The handicap competition for the Wins
low medal, open to lady members of the
San Francisco Golf Club, took place at
the Presidio links Tuesday. Four mem
bers took part in the competition, which
consisted of two rounds, or eighteen
holes. The scores made were as follows:
PLATER.
3 8? a = ■»
313 £ 5
ifi # 1
I IViSf!: I j|f j
B. W. -M0rgan........! 79 f79 155 0 j
C. Taylor I SO : 84 ; 164 12
E. Carolan .....] 78 84 162 16
Alice Hagar |94| 79 173 20
Miss E. Carolan thus won ths medal with a
net ecore of US.
In the morning rain threatened, and the
lizht throughout the day was variable
ai.d poor.
The following scores were made at the
Presidio links on Saturday, November 12:
PLATER.
3 | a a
a I * ?
. § a ■ :
§ % :
c. s :
:. L. Abtott Jr 141 46
!. Knight j 60 64
J. B. Ston- 60 66
; E. Worien ( 70 76
On Sunday, November 13, T. Games
Roberts male nine holes in 52, 54 and 49;
Delamore Skerrett made the same num
ber of holes !n 65. 63 and 62; C. B. Stone
made four rounds in 60, 61. 50 and 56 re
spectively, and William Thomas made
three rounds in 50, 52 and 54. Yesterday
Miss Eleanor Morgan made one round in
73 Several other players have been out
on the links during the last few days,
but have not made any returns.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce on the ground of de
sertion have been filed by Lucy V. Smith
against John Smith, Margaret Galligan
against Patrick Galligan and Helena Sless
against George Siess; on the ground of
failure to provide by Nettle Joseph
against Maurice Joseph. Kate L. Petty
against William G. P<?tty and Bertha E.
Ward against \V. F. Ward.
No one will use a fountain pen after try-
Ing a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pendL •
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1898.
REAL ESTATE
THREATENED BY
THE DROUGHT
Progression in the
Market Still Slow.
PROPHECIES MADE IN VAIN
MANY SALES MADE NOTWITH
STANDING DEPRESSION.
A Glance at the Records, Recent
Sales, New Building Con
tracts and General
Notes.
Notwithstanding: the threatened drought
and a repetition of the Identical atmos
pheric conditions that caused such a de
pression in realty a year ago, the market
is still continuing to manifest a slow but
steady progression. Although every indi
cation points to a continuance of this ad
vance in the "world of realty," there Is,
nevertheless, considerable apprehension
among the brokers as to the probable dis
astrous effects of a repetition of another
dry year upon property Interests all over
the State, particularly . in the Interior.
The failure of the farmer necessitated by
the lack of the necessary moisture for
the various crops means the contraction
of more mortgages and the non-payment i
of pledges already taken. Such a conse
quence causes universal disaster to What
ever hopes the real estate market might
now extend for a prosperous year.
Although city property is apparently
and generally considered free from tne
effects that create havoc in the country
markets, nevertheless drought and failure
In the latter mean absolute depression in
the former.
It seems that nearly every prophecy
made by brokers for future success in
real estate is built on a foundation of
sand. They never seem to come true,
either from the obstinate workings of
nature in the opposite way to that de
sired and depended upon for the fulfill
ment of the changes predicted or the ab
solute stagnation of the market produced
by other causes.
As has been said, the market at present
is progressing instead of deteriorating.
Many sales of good value were negotiated
during the past week, with a certain
promise of more in the dear future.
Building likewise is improving, numerous ■
contracts being let for the erection of
homes and for business purposes all over
the city.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the past week there were thirty-two ,
mortgages and trust deeds recorded, amount
ing to an aggregate value of $175,800. For the
same period twenty-seven releases and recon-
I veyances passed to record in the total sum <
The 'principal mortgage* and trust deeds are j
By the Pacific Surety Company to Robert j
and Agnes Dalzlel, $30,000 for 2 years at 6 per
cent on property in the One Hundred block 34.,
situated on the southeasterly line of Mission j
I street, 275:8 feet northeast of Second: by the
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Emily |
SellarT wife of George H. Caldwell. $SOOO for j
1 year at 6^ per cent on property in the Mis
sion block 101, situated on the southeast corner ;
of Xoe and Henry streets, south 75 by east j
105: by the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
to Alfred WHford, $7000 for 1 *««£*« (■; l<=r
cent on property In the Western Addition block
704 '- situated on the southwest corner of Ful
ton and Shrader streets; by the German hay- ,
ings and Loan Society to Herman and Ida
Meyer (Degener), $12,000 for 1 ye/rat 7 per cent
on property In the Western Addition block 204,
situated on the northeast corner of Eddy and
Laguna streets, east 4* by north 110; by Martin
J. Burke to George Rose, $10,000 for 1 year at
7 per cent on property in Western Addition
blocks €07 and 463. situated respectively on the
northerly line of Fell street, 31:3 feet west of
Lyon west 50 by north 100. and the southeast
comer of Washington and Devisadero, south
27 8»4 by east 110; by the Hlbernia Savings and
Loan Society to C. J. and Mary E. Ross Demp
ster, $12,000 for 1 year at 6& per cent on prop
'' erty In the Mission block 15. situated on the
i westerly line of Glen Park avenue, 235 feet
! south of Twelfth, south 172, west 107, north 172
and east 112; by Andrew B. McCreery to Henry
i M. and Schewa Levy. $40,000 for 1 year at 6
! per cent on property in the 50 vara block 121,
I situated on the southerly line of O'Farrell
street, 137:6 feet east of Stockton, east 60 by
north 133:2%.
The principal releases and reconveyances
were recorded as follows:
From the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
to Charles Offer, $6000 on property in the West
ern Addition block 12. situated on the north
erly line of Post street, 117:6 feet west of Lar
kin west 24:3 by north 120; by Mary J. Pinker
ton to Lillian D. Reynolds. $2500 on property
in the Western Addition block 272, situated on
the easterly line of Webster street, 110:6 feet
south of California street, south 27 by east
81:3.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS. . .
Westerly line of Devisadp— street, 30 feet
from the southerly line of Vallejo street, thence
I at right angles 110 by south 55. by east 110 by
55. All work for a two-story attic frame
'■ dwelling; owner, Henry E. Monroe; architect.
I F. D. Van Trees; contractor, Charles M. De
pew; cost, 6363.
Northerly line of Pacific avenue, 92:6 feet
east of Pierce, east 65 by north 127 :8 V*. AH
work, except heaters, range, plumbing* and
furnishing pressed brick for a frame residence;
owner, Charles Page; architect, F. S. Van
Trees; contractors, Charles and Walter Wil
liams; cost, $12,409.  ' , .
' Ferry building, . foot of Market street.
Benches, tables, etc., in installing the Cali
fornia State Mining Bureau: owners, California
State Mining Bureau; architect, Edward R.
Swain; contractor, John Trounson; cost,
$1488 :
Henry street, 25 feet south of Noe, south 25
by west 96. All work for a two-story frame
building (flats): owner, J. F. Fleming: archi
tect, William Koenlg; contractor, Ira W. Co
burn: cost. $3000. .
Southerly line of Hayes street. 106:3 feet west
of Fillmore. west 25 by south 137:6. A;i work
for a two-story frame building (fiats); owner,
Isaac Ellaser; contractor, E. C. Bletch; cost.
Southeast corner of Nineteenth and Angelica,
south 228 by east 183. by north 114. by west 50,
by northwest to Nineteenth street, b" west
10" Electric light system, conduits,- telephone
wire 3 bells, etc.. for a four-story brick build
ing- owner. Youths' Directory; architect,- C.
J. I. Devlin- tractors. Gas Consumers' As
sociation; cost, $1136 SO.
... RECENT SALES. '
The firm of Bovee, Toy & Sonntag, report
the sale of the property on the southwest cor
ner of Howard and Fourteenth streets, 25 by
75 feet from Daniel Sullivan to George Rhorer,
for an' estimated price of $12,500.
The firm of McAfee Brothers have recorded
the sale of 2540 acres of the J. W. Mitchell
ranch In Merced County to Eugene Gauthier,
for $27,000. It is the intention of the new
owner to cultivate the land bo as to raise grain
About one hundred acr— five miles from La
throp lying en the line of the ditch ■• of the
Stanislaus and San Joaquln Water Company
were - recently sold .to Joshua Cowell for $50
an acre. 
The following property was sold at auction
last Tuesday afternoon by the real estate firm
of Easton. Eldridge & Co. ; residences at 1800
Sutter street, flats at 264 and 266 San Carlos
avenue a house at 842 Capp street, the Im
proved property on the southeast corner of
Sanchez and Twenty-first streets, two dwell
ings at 1709 and 1711 Webster street, a ■°-«sldlo
residence at 3042 Clay street and property in
various other sections of the city. ■:-
I C Scharff, the real estate broker, claims
that the demand for country property is not
centered in - any - particular part or section .of
the State. This Is evidenced, he argue 3, by re
cent sales effected by his own firm. The follow
ing Is a list of sales demonstrating the truth
of the above assertion:- />.
Four hundred and eighty acres of grain land,
five and a half miles southwest of Bakersfleld,
have been sold _ by R. Pluton to George, S.
Beardsley for $15 an acre. The land Is situated
in the artesian belt. : '-" ,- - : : - :.
Near Glenwood, Santa Cruz County, 75 acres,
partly improved, but mostly In redwood, have
been bought from R. Arguello < by : Klsetlne
Paulsen for $4000, who will there erect a fruit
box mill. - ; : ■
An orchard of 26.14 acres, near Vacaville. has
been sold by . Alexander : Jensen . to '-■ Herman
Remeg for $4000. and :a : 15-acre tract, near San
Jose, by Julian Westcott to John F. Wells for
$5000.. . . ■ ■■-■>-■•* ■ ■■-■- ' ■'■■ ■•■ .'•.>■>■• i- - :
RANDOM-NOTES.;.
The City Hall lots numbering 21 and 23 have
been leased for two years and three months by
Hyman and. lsaac Wolf from James Irvine for
$10,800. . ~J.:." *.■-:: . ..- f .:.... ..,.;;.; •-: ■■-..•:■ :x-x)i
;: I. C. Scharff « has ■ sold , the i property on ■_ the
southerly line of ( Butter : street, 62 i feet east lof
Scott, 27:6 by 62. with store and flat, to Mary A,
Cox in the Interest of Phoebe Kaufmann. The
price obtained is $6500; the Miller residence and
grounds, 150 by 275. on Spauldlng avenue,
Berkeley, to William T. Cragley for JSOOO, and
a house and lot, 150 by 150, on the northerly line
of San Jose avenue. 300 feet west of Oak rtreet.
Alameda, for Mlsa Jennie Townsend to J.
Creighton for $3500.
Preparations are being made for the erection
of a parsonage for the Memorial Methodist
Church on the corner of Hayee and Buchanan
streets. The estimated cost Is $8000.
Dr. Ira G. Hoitt haa purchased 61 acre* of
land near Menlo Park. It is the intention of
the purchaser to make extensive Improvements
In the new property to suit the purposes of
Hoitt' s School. _
Henry P. Sonntag of the firm of Bovee, Toy
& Sonntag has been elected & member of the
Germanla Trust Company to gucceed the late
J. C. Bauer.
A $5000 homestead has been declared by Mrs.
"William Malcom on the property on the south
erly line of Sacramento street, 178:6 feet east
of Broderick.
THEATER BROKERS.
Attempt to Reduce the License Pee
Charged.
The License and Orders Committee of
the Supervisors met yesterday and de
voted considerable time to the question
of reducing the license assessed against
theater ticket scalpers. At present the
prohibitive rate of $100 per month is
charged. A new order was decided upon
for report to the board, fixing the li
cense at $25 per quarter. Rivers and
Haßkins favored the reduction, but Lack
mann opposed It.
A resolution taxing bill posters one cent
per square foot for space covered by ad
vertisements on bill boards was com
bated by Siebe & Green, who stated tc
the committee that they did not receive
on an average 1 cent per square foot for
bill board space and ttherefore coud not
afford to pay such a tax. The matter was
laid over for future consideration.
It Is understood that the Supervisors
will on next Monday complete the appor
tionment of funds to the various depart
ments of the city government. There Is
a surplus of about $100,000 on hand, left
over from the levy for collecting garb
age, etc., which can be distributed where
it will do the most good.
WINEMAKERS IN
ANNUAL SESSION
PRESIDENT HENRY J. CROCKER
STJBMITS HIS REPORT.
He Makes a Strong Plea for Har
mony Among Stockholders and
a Continuants of the
Corporation.
The annual session of the stockholders
of the California Wine Makers' Corpora
tion was commenced yesterday In the
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce. The
meeting is purely executive and outsiders
are excluded.
There were two hundred stockholders
present and seven hundred and fifty
shares out of a total of eleven hundred
were represented. President Henry J.
Crocker called the meeting to order and
submitted his annual report. In it he
spoke of the good results accomplished by
the corporation in seeking the markets of
the world. Before the new vintage is
out all debts will be paid, there will be a ;
cash deposit in bank to meet the payment j
of a judgment of $100,000 to the California j
Wine Association, if it be affirmed, and a
good balance on hand for distribution to
the members. Under the present man
agement the corporation has paid an an- i
nual dividend of 5 per cent on the par |
value of the stock. Mr. Crocker made a ;
plea for the continuance of the co-opera
tive plan, t v ,e results of which warrant I
such a course as long as the producers In |
acting together protect their own inter- |
ests and their financial supporters. J
The report of Secretary Hotchkiss j
stated that the suit with the California j
Wine Association will be appealed. The !
outlook for the wine makers Is promising
and the market will not be forced. It has
on hand 7,000,000 gallons of good wine for
'dS.
The members took part In a discussion
In which the management of the corpora
tion was criticized, and suggestions were
made for an improvement in affairs. The
discussion, which was mainly in the line
of Inquiry, took up the greater part of |
the day.
The main question likely to arise at the
convention is the continuance of the or
ganization. Some dissatisfied members
are in favor of its discontinuance, and
should they assume control disruption i
will follow. It is almost certain that the j
policy of the corporation will experience ■
a radical change. Secretary and Manager
HotchldM is a stanch believer in co-op- i
eratlon among wine producers and is !
working hard for harmony among the
stockholders. The combination was
formed for five years, and will end with
this year's vintage. He asserts emphat- ;
ically that disorganization is out of the
question.
"The dissatisfaction existing among :
some members," he said, "Is on account !
of results, and not causes. They have '
not received for their '96 wine as
much as producers outside of the corpo
ration, and so feel aggrieved. The cor
poration. In order to maintain prices,
held on to the '96 wine and were
obliged to contend with the enormous
'97 product. As a consequence prices
went down. It may have been an
error of judgment, but our operations
have been too fair for disruption to oc
cur."
The session will be resumed and con
cluded to-day.
LITTLE WILLIE AND
A SULPHUR MATCH
CAUSE A FIRE SCARE IN MADI-
SON SCHOOL.
Pupil Maguire Gives the Alarm,
Prompt Action Averts Danger
and No Damage Is Done.
Had not Pupil Maguire made a discov
ery on Monday afternoon Madison Pri
mary School, on Clay street, between
Walnut and Laurel, might have been a
mass of smouldering ruins, "Willie"
Woods charged with the awful crime of
arson, and the lives of many pupils en
dangered.
It was close to the time of dismissal
when Miss Bartlett, principal of the |
school, told Maguire to open one of the i
windows to admit some fresh air. The
lad complied, and, with an Inquisitivenesa
natural to his age, stuck his head out to '
see what was going on. That little insig
nificant act probably saved the school, tor
he noticed smoke issuing from the cracks
between the boards under the lower floor |
in the corner.
Now Maguire did not cry out and alarm i
his fellow pupils as an ordinary boy would ;
have done, but, realizing the gravity of )
the situation, he went quietly to his
teacher and told her that the building was
on fire. Miss Bartlett, with equal cool
ness, then dispatched him for the nearest I
policemen. But no sooner had he gone i
when another boy saw the smoke and
set up the cry of fire. This caused a
small-sized panic, and the scholars began
to scamper in all directions. Some, with
excellent forethought, packed up their
books, others climbed through the win
dows, while one of the boys fainted.
Miss Bartlett succeeded in gaining some '
semblance of order, and by that time the
policeman appeared upon the scene. He
crawled under the building and beheld. In
addition to a small-sized blaze, '"Willie"
Woods standing by with folded arms. Like
Nero, who witnessed the burning of
Rome, he was calmly observing the prog
ress of the flames, only, unlike Nero,
"Willie" was minus the fiddle. With a
bucket of water the valiant officer put out
the fire and dragged out the firebug. The
woodwork was not scorched, the fire be
ing caused by the burning of some papers.
No damage was done, and it was unneces- i
sary to call out the Fire Department.
Now, it is not definitely known whether
"Willie" did it. but his presence and tne !
fact that one of the boys had heard him i
threaten to get even for having been aus- :
pended last week, is taken as sufficient
evidence that he did with malice afore
thought light the papers with hia little
match.
As the recognized wit of the school put I
it, "Willie" was '"fired," and he decided to
nre the school.
The last seen of Willie he was walking
away, the policeman on one side and his
father on the other, the latted having
been apprised of his young hopeful's vil
lainy. What the father did to Willie is
left to the imagination of the reader.
Maguire League of Clubs.
; An order : has =. been -, issued ,to .the , Ma
gulre"League of Clubs to assemble at " 314
Panrott building 1 1. this 'evening:. - The ob
• ject Is . to • straighten out " the : business : of
the past campaign.
I
REFEREE WAND
DEFENDS HIS
DECISION
Says Kelly Did Not
Earn a Victory.
HIS BLOWS NOT EFFECTIVE
FHE BOXING BOUT DEVOID OB 1
SCIENTIFIC WORK.
_
The Men Divided Their Share of the
Gate Receipts, Amounting to
Over Thirteen Hundred
Dollars.
The outcome of the fight between
"Spider" Kelly and Fred Muller, Tues
day night, displeased the men who had
picked the former to win. They oould
see nothing to It but the "Spider," and
when Referee Wand decided it a draw
they could sea no Justice in It whatever.
Phil Wand, whose honesty as a referee
has never been questioned, stands by his
decision and backs it up with sound ar
gument. "Kelly never had the lead over
Muller that the friends of the former
thought they saw. Kelly is a better
boxer than Muller. but he landed few
clean blows and then got away, on Tues
day night. When Muller is not in action
he is dull and listless and by his slouchy
manner gives the spectators the impres
sion he can hardly stand another round.
"Prom the view I had of the fight I
know he was Btronger throughout than
Kelly. He had the latter going many
times. Kelly had every advantage. He
had the benefit of Young Mitchell'*
coaching, and in addition would not fight
under the rules as specified in the articles
of agreement. It was to be straight Mar
quis of Queensberry rules, which per
mit of hitting in the clinches. The Kelly
people objected to this when they entered
the ring and Muller conceded the point
to them., although it was to his disad
vantage.
"Kelly also used the heel of his glove
repeatedly in a chop blow that is ex
pressly forbidden by the rules. There was
no science displayed in the fight, and I
could not find any points in favor of
either man. I understand the friends of
Muller claim he should have had the de
cision. As high an authority as Hiram
B. Cook told me he would have awarded
the fight to Muller. Kelly is a great
faker in the ring, and he seemed to the
spectators to be doing much better than
he really was."
As the bout was a draw the men divided
the percentage of the receipts for which
they were boxing. Their share of the
"gate" was $1313, of which each secured
half.
Eleven hundred and eighty-five tickets
were sold by Harry Corbett in the Paris
I mutuels. Bettors holding tickets on either
! man to win in from eighteen to twenty
i rounds, cashed. The Muller men received
$2 70 for theirs, while the Kelly contingent
i secured $2 10.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Xoonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
Students to Debate.
An interesting subject, "Resolved, That
the United States should adopt the policy
ADVEBTISSJtENTS.
I DOCTORS
FOR
I men:
DR. METERS & CO. ATTRIBUTE A
great deal of their success to the fact
that the ailment of each patient is thor-
oughly investigated before treatment is
commenced. These successful physicians
do not jump at conclusions, experiment,
doctor symptoms . nor aim only at the
purse of those who come to them . for re-
lief. They make permanent cure* In the
shortest time possible. Patients are not
kept under treatment any longer than la
necessary. .
This method is not followed out solely
for the Bake of humanity, but Dr. Meyers
& Co. are wide awake to the fact that as
soon as a man is cured of a contracted
ailment he becomes at once a walking ad-
vertisement for their great and successful
medical institution. Had not Dr. Meyers
& Co. cured the thousands of men who
came to them annually for treatment they
would not have secured the most extensive
practice on the Pacific Coast. Their in-
stitution is the largest and. best equipped
In the west and every member of the staff
is a ■'• physician who has had many, years'
experience as a specialist for men.
NO PAY TILL CURED.
Dr. . Meyers & Co. have such confidence
- in their successful remedies and methods
that . they will let the . patient deposit the
price of a cure in any bank or with any
business house or newspaper In San Fran-
cisco, to be paid to them when a cure
Is effected. ;
FREE '. CONSULTATION and advice,
also private book, free at office or by mail.
All letters confidential. HOME CURES
A SPECIALTY. . , ■
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St., S. F.
Hours, 8 to 5 flatly.
TAKE ELEVATOR. Evenings,' 7. to 8. \
Sundays, 9 to 'XL'
Q vwt DR. JORDAN'S *"«<
mm Museum of Anatomy
1 Pri \ 1051 HA312T ST. bet. Bth A 7ti, S. T. C»L
o■■ ft • The L f * •' *•* * md ta tie World. ~-
l'^»V DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
|\WJ A. Contaltmtloo tne. Writ* for B«>*
W ■ 1 of Marriage.
• a > | C~l : ' MAILED PRKC.
m^m^ RUPTURE.
USE NO MORE IRON*
V^fSJKttjfidEs*^ Hoops or Steel Springs.
f"* al *t^Bwrir^^ Rupture retained with ea»»
I>jßP> and comfort, and thousands radl-
BTT' jfP" cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
> % /mf x Magnetic : Elastic Truss. r C7CalI at
.X^Jgp'- --.'■ effle* or writ* for New Pamphlet No, L
I MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
«0 Market it., cpp. Palace "tft ff " FnoolM^
of territorial expansion," will be debated
by teams from the Students' Congress
and the Hastings Debating Society at the
Girls' High School Auditorium on No
vember 15. J. M. Mannon R. S. Pierce
and W. M. Martin of the Students Con
gress will handle the affirmative side of
the question and C. L. Neumiller, G. H.
i*toore and J. L. Emery of '.ne Hastings
Debating Society will display the merits
of the negative. The time allowed to
each speaker will be limited to fifteen
minutes, except In the case of the leader
of the affirmative, who shall have ten
minutes additional in which to close.
THE SCHEME FELL THBOITGH.
Butchers' Board of Trad* Will Not
Admit Contra Costa County.
At the meeting of the Butchers' Board
of Trade Tuesday night the proposition to
admit Contra Costa County was submitted
and overwhelmingly defeated.
Members of the organization assert that
the admission of Contra Costa County
would mean that Butchertown, with its
dear, delightful smells, would be a thing
of the past, as there is a large plant lying
idle in Contra Costa County. There are
hundreds of men employed In Butcher
town who would be either thrown out of
employment or forced to leave the city
had the resolution carried. Another
bad feature of the proposed move
would be the introduction of refrigerated
meats inst' ad of the fresh meat now fur
nished. There were over 600 butchers
present at the meeting and they were al
most unanimously opposed to the project.
Activity of Vesuvius.
Much anxiety has been caused in Naples by
the renewed activity of Mount Vesuvius. An
overwhelming danger of this description pro
duces universal terror. As a matter of fact
there is little likelihood that Mount Vesuvius
will do any serious damage. On the other
band, thousands die daily from stomach and
digestive disorders, who might have survived
had they resorted to Hostetter's Stomach Bit
ter*. It Is the greatest of known tonics for
stomach and digestive organs. It cures kid
ney, liver and blood disorders.
Health is Wealth.
f nnvt ""~""™"" "~"^^™" PBAIN
; OR. E. C. WEST'S
: NERVE BRAIN TREATMENT
; > the original; all others imitations,
■ Is «old under positive Written Guarantee,
" by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory,
' Dizziness. Wakefulness, Fits, Hysteria. Quick-
, ness, Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Conn-
' dence.NerroneneBB, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
. ful Errors, or Excessive Use of Tobacco, Opium,
• or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption,
\ Insanity and Death. At Btore or by man, $1 a
; box; six for 18; with written jrnarantee'to
' core or refund money, sample paeK-
' age, containing five days treatment, with full
instruction*, 25 cents. One Bam only sold to
. each person. At store or by maiL
i &SF^L J^"Red Label Special^^^^J
1 &£&§§» Extra Strength.
i a v/K/For Impotency, Loss of>jg«""fl F V",
\ tE^TRed Lost Manhood, VI «§!,
For Impotency, Loss ofw^^fi
Power, Lost Manhood, \1 jfL-
Btorility or Barrennesa^ )LT*7
SI a box; six for $5, withjpJP*^/
,j^t/«^Wrltten cnarantee£f;WAV
"^^ __ to cure In 30 days. At etore* l;J*_/3&- i
1 BePOßEorbvmail. APTER
! OEO. DAHX.BENDKK ft CO.. Sole Agent*,
• Jl4 Ke*rny «t. ' - * ,
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodislne and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
t sexes and a great remedy for diseases of the
• kidneys and bladder. A "great Restorative,
Invigorator. and Nervine. Sells on its own
• Merits: no lone- winded testimonials necessary.
' ' NABER, ALPS & BRUNE. Agents,
2*3 Market street. S. (Send- for Circular.)
f UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF Tin!
MANCHESTER FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER. ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1897. and for
the year ending on that day; as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 ami 311 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the "commissioner:
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages....* 350 00
i Cash market value of all stocks and _ • ■
bonds owned by company 1,546.517 50
Cash in company's office 406 Ta
Cash in banks- 516.561 89
Interest due and accrued on all _
stocks and loans r i,337 M
Interest " due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages ••••• 8 20
Premiums In due course of collec- •
tion *.......; •' - • 236.306 IS
Bills receivable, not matured, taken -
for fire and ; marine risks 73117
Due from other companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid... 3,170 90
Total assets ....,....$2,113.490 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid % 72,229 45
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense '.".. .'.'...: 73,130 31
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 87.870 85
Gross premiums on flre risks,- run-
ning' one year or less. 51.052.597 14; _ __
reinsurance 50 per cent ' 526.443 57
Gross premiums • on flre risks run-
ning more than one year, ?1,060.- v _
196 63; reinsurance pro rata 825,56 i 93
Due and accrued • for . salaries, rent, . ■ ;
etc ...: 1.91S 25
All other demands against the com- _ _■
pany • 60.51137
Total liabilities ...... ..............51.517.973 82
INCOME.
Net cash' actually received for flre
premiums »1. 341. 535 85
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages ............;... 1200
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans ■ and from
all other sources 69,594 50
Total Income .....5L 411. 192 35
•■:;. EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (In-
* eluding $112,428 13. losses of pre- ■£ ■-
vious years) ..............". ......$ 650.453 So
Paid or allowed for commission or •
brokerage 269.483 67
I Paid for , salaries, fees, and other
-charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 110,01135
Paid for State. National and. local
taxes ;.":.-■........ .~ 57,237 87
All other, payment* and expenditures 76,609 53
Total expenditures ........ ........ $1,163,845 13
\ ■■■• ■ Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year ,'..■.s 698,949 46
Risks and ' Premiums. iFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks •
■ written during the
year - $ 154,134,320 $1,786,946 56
Net -■ amount .of - risks •- ■■
expired during the year 148,130, 716; 1,545,736 53
Net amount In force De-
cember.3l. 1897.......... 185.644,763 2.103,083 77
' GEO. W. WENSLET, U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, ■ this 2Sth
day of February, 1893. -.
ROBT. L. WENSLEY. Notary Public .
L. B. EDWARDS,
Manager Pacific Coast Department,
; 323 CALIFORNIA ST.,
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL. v
pf^DS. BALL'S SEINVIGORATOR
k«n|H Five hundred reward for any case
HI BHJ we cannot cure. This secret remedy
S "-_•-;.'-'"■ -■ a stops : all . losses in 24 hours, cures
H ■■■ Emissions. Impotency, Varlcocele,
nXI mm Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits. Strictures,
mka Bali I>Dslt M anbood and all wasting ef-
JfeßE _BVJ f'-ctsof self-abuse or excesses. Sent
HEsSEBSIS sealed. s2 bottle: 3 bottles, 15; guar- ;
anteed to cure. r Address HALL' MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. ■- Also
or - sale at. 1073H Market St., -S.-F.;-- All pri- I
,| vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.' 1
AD VEKTIHfTM^NTS.
iJCAJtTEftS
s. vSbsF • ' b '^9 ■■ ■■ 1m ***
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cored by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, DrowsJ.
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tengua
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. "^
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price. . :^
F GOURIAN COLLECTION
Antique High-grade
TURKISH D IIPO
PERSIAN fIUUU
Must Be Closed Out
AT AUCTION,
AT
125 Geary St.,
Adjoining the "City of Paris,"
To=Day, Thursday,
November 17, at 2 P. M. sharp.
Mr Courian, who has gained the reputation
of Importing finest geods and of square deal-
ing has put in our hands his entire collection,
to 'sell out at auction, without reserve. This
collection is certainly superior to any brought
to this city heretofore. Every piece is a choice
selection. "We invite the connoisseurs and th«
public generally to attend this important sale.
Catalogues.
ASTON, ELD RIDGE & CO.. Auctioneers. .
, . —
per o o o 00000000 0~0 o o c
%v.r palace »8
%GRAND HOTBLS I
£ 9AM PKAMCimCOm >
V Ooanected by a covered passageway. J
DI4OOD 140O Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. 2
0 All Under One Management. Q
D ROTE THE PRICES: <J
C Etoopean pfan.fl.oo jnw day and «j»w«»« c
D American Plan *8.00 per day and upward *f
A Correspondence Solicited. rt
£ JOES 0. SIBEPAYRIOE, K«»r«. Z
QjDOOQOOQOQaOOOOttM
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
SX/\XE7V\EINX
— rOB 1 THE— — -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— -OP THE
CALEDONIAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. SCOTLAND, ON THB
31st day of December, A. D. 1897. and for
i the year ending on that day, as made to th«
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections ,
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks M
and bonds owned by company (1.931.58 »
Cash in company's office... .HI! SI
Cash in banks 92,587 43
Interest due and accrued on all ' >_■
stocks and loans 83,734 13
Premiums -in due course of collec-
tion •-. ltt,«»»4
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 404 09
Due • from other companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid... 518 58
Total assets f3.Q2.278 23
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ....I H8.566 14
Losses in process of adjustment or _.«.,„
in suspense ...... .v - " rrJH 2
Losses resisted, including expenses.. . 15.258 M
Gross premiums on n re risks^run-
ning one year or less. *1,005,051 15: __^
reinsurance 50 per cent..... 801,515 51
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $896,- ■ .
"i S7; reinsurance pro rata *Q,7UT 44
AH other demands against the com- __
pany • 53.131 43
Total liabilities .....$1.179.51S 48.
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire ._ _ _
premiums ..... ....". •• '•••• 31.531.0W *»
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 71.503 51
Total income :. .81,402,533 Tt
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses. ..f 699, 023 44
Paid or allowed for commission or - - : - ■
brokerage VIW 370.743 54
Paid for salaries, . fees and • other i
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... - 17,814 35
Paid for State, National and local
taxes ' -...••• 37.911 S3
All other payments and expenditures. _ 70,009 43
Total expenditures ............. ..$1.155,3C0 84
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.. ..3 707,058 91
; Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks -
written during' the -
year 8 150,689.290 $1,638,873 41
Net. amount of : risks
expired during the year 157,693.679 1,771.931 »4
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 ..;.... | 170.019.667] 1.901, 03
CHAS. H. ; POST, Manager. , -
N. A. McNEIL. Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 28th
day of February, 1898.
H. E. FBANCK. Notary Public
L. B. EDWARDS,
Manager Pacific Coast Department,
323 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAW FRANCISCO. CAL.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
»O NOT DESPAIR ! Do notSoC
4£SgKKJah_ fer Longer! The joys »nd ambition* of
g&s^**sL Ufe can be restored to you. The very
sAi RSI wont uses of Nerrom DeMllty»if ■
aBO SOT DESPAIR ! Do notSof-
fer Longer! The joys and ambition* at
life can be restored to you. Th» »«ry
worst cases of XerTOß|D*bllltiart
absolutalv cured by rJEKFECTO
TABLETS. Gire proo.pt relief to in-
ISt. TfflHHsomnla, Tailing memory acd tie wast*
*WvS?=Ps§Sr and drain of vital powers, incurred bf
'TxttOEP indiscretion* or«xce«se«of earl years.
>.. u^jgywr , Impart rifcor and potency to erery fano
• tion. Brace up the system. • Gltc >i*^; bloom to the
cheek* and lustre to the eye« of |Ayoun« or old.
One Me boi ren*w» Tltal energry.tWlJja boxes at
$2. SO a com plete suarante ed cure \Vk? or moner raj
landed. • Can be carried in rest >.. '■■• - pocket. Sold*
erery where, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt ot
price by IHK PKKTKCTO <&, Caxto- BM*., Cblaf, «U.
Bold tor Owl Dm Co.. £aa ma. and Oakland.
.WGBHiCall,slJ per Year
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
BUMMART OF THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer.
Wheat and Barley futures weaken
Other cereals unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuffs as before.
No change in Beans and Seed*.
Oregon Potatoes advanced.
Five cars of Eastern Poultry arrived.
Oame unchanged.
Cranberries scarce and higher.
Another decline in Prunes.
Provisions slow.
Meat market remains firm.
GOVERNMENT FINANCES.
Government receipts for the month of Oc
lober compare as follows:
1597. 1898.
Jugtoms $9,713,495 $15,555,234
internal revenue 15,514,873 22,354.512
Miscellaneous 1.063,048 1,718,3v5
Totals $24,391,416 $39,630,051
Expenditures for October compare as fol
l0WS: ' 1897. 1898.
Civil $ 8,746. 11S $10,991,255
War ................... 6 268.719 22.895.030
Navy 2,988,576 5 -314.568
Indians :.::... 600,954 ; &37.570
Pensions 10.885.320 * f.|«0.960
Interest 6,211.826 3,577,4&>
Totals $33,701,513 $53,982,278!
The increase of $20,000,000 last month was due
to the war. For the first four months of the |
fiscal year the receipts were as follows:
1897. 1898.
Customs $41,334,207 *>3.734.158 I
Internal revenue 57,624.6&> 94 .-°j*- 4 ?? j
Miscellaneous 6,701.438 7.205.317
Totals $104,750,270 $165,037,938
The expenditures for the same periods com
pare as follows: ig97 lm
Civil $36,522,163 $37,151,550
War 25.907,237 107.520.368
Navy . ! 11.444.652 27,459.578
Indians 3.070.912 3,551,347
Pensions . 50,628,148 46.646.071
luterest 16,186.169 16.398,609
Totals $142,759,281 $238,725,623
Last year the expenditures exceeded the re
ceipts by $38,000,000 and this year by $73,000,000.
NEW YORK DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
The New York Commercial says: "Demand
appears to be Increasing in nearly all lines,
and there are fractional advances In some de
partments.
"The raisin situation is clearing since the
recent change In prices. Dealers are making
freer purchases, and the opinion seems to pre
vail that the combination is able to maintain
prices. If this ia true, the situation is much
better than it ever has been, and the outlook
for growers is more encouraging than in pre
vious years. In sympathy with Increased prices
on the coast there has been a slight advance
here, but insufficient to make any difference
In trade.
"Prunes are steady at previous quotations
and all spot supplies are held firm. All large
sizes are scarce and practically unobtainable
except in mixed lota to move less desirable
goods. Italian prunes coming fmra Washing
ton and Oregon are deficient in large sizes, and
are held firm In this market and In first hands.
No French prunes have come forward as yet.
and the probability is that none will come,
owing to difference in prices. There would
be' no profit In shipping prunes to this market
at present quotations, and the possibility of
the future scarcely warrants it.
"Apricots are steady, and prices unchanged.
Holders are firm in their views and indisposed
to make concessions to secure trade. Peaches
are in the same condition. There are few in
first hands, and ail supplies in this market are
concentrated."
OUR CANNED GOODS IX ENGLAND.
The Grocers' Gazette, London, says: There |
Is a fair Inquiry for standard fruits, but stocks
are practically exhausted. Second standards :
meet with a good demand. It is expected that
four vessels now afloat will bring on 186,000
cases here, and these will arrive on a bare
market. Salmon continues very firm, and the ,
large portion of the 46,014 cases jußt landed :
from the City of Delhi, whose arrival we re
ported last week, have changed hands at very
full rates. It is stated that the majority of
packers still refuse to make - price for the
1898 pack.
BENEFICIAL RESULTS OF ELECTIONS.
LEADING WALL-STREET OPERATORS !
LOOK FOR A BETTER MARKET
IN CONSEQUENCE.
The circular of Henry Clewa, under date cf I
New York, November 12. says: "The result '
of the elections has brought a veritable boom j
Into Wall street. The significance of the j
sound money outlook in the next Congress was |
promptly recognized; and on Thursday when j
the position was better understood a most pro
nounced change for the better took place. Lon
don, which has always be?n particularly sen
sitive about the money issue, bought freely «.n
the strength of this favorable development, ■
and these purchases were supplemented by
strong local buying, which absorbed all stock
offered. Every other influence for the time
being was ignored. Good earnings and en
couraging business prospects of course nfforde-1
a strung foundation for a rise, but these were ;
not sufficient to lift the market up to a hlgh»r
level while uncertainty remained about the
complexion of the next House of Representa- ;
tlves on the all Important currency question, j
A noteworthy and very encouraging feature
•was the wide distribution of orders; activity
not being confined to a few cliqued stocks, but
spread among all the active shares. The
promptness with which railroad stocks cut
away from the industrials was another very
satisfactory feature. Manipulation was ptes- i
ent, as Is Invariably the case In any large j
movement; but there was also heavy buying of I
an excellent character, suggesting that the j
present movement is more than a transitory
■peculation. Many of the reorganized proper- I
ties have a future before them which, under
present conditions of large earnings and cheap
money, is cure to reflect itself in a higher range
of values.
"Every adverse influence is now out of the !
•way— the war cloud: the silver question; the j
Supreme Court decision; and last, but not
ltast. the elections. All signs of trouble have
gone to the rear and are not liable to again ap- ;
pear at the front. All good stocks are up- {
ward bound until they reacn figures as much j
too high as they were during the Cleveland i
regime too low. The country is now placed In
a position to continue drawing gold from the j
other side, which, together with what we pro- |
duce, will soon swamp the silver advocates
and wipe out the sliver question as an issue
beyond redemption. While this country re
mains on a gold basis, It will draw the precious
metal from all other nations: whereas, should
this country go on a silver basis, other na
tions would quickly draw gold away in ex- ■
change for silver, enhancing their credit and
destroying ours. Another advantageous featdre
resulting from the elections will be to secure
to the nation the full benefit of our brilliant
victory In the late war— an achievement In
naval warfare unsurpassed in the world's
history-"
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 16, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Past 24 This Last
Stations — Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 12 4.38 E. 83
Red Bluff Trace 1.23 2.79
Sacramento 0 0.81 2.14
San Francisco 0 1.92 2.08
Fresno 0 1.14 1.23
San Luis Obl«po 0 0.5S 0.86
Los Angeles 0 0.11 2.47
San Diego '. 0 0.07 1.07
Yuma 0 0.18 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
S6; minimum temperature, 49; mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of considerable energy is central
near Puget Sound, having moved eastward
from the Pacific Slope during the past twelve
hours. The wind reached a velocity of 60 miles
per hour from the southeast at Fort Canby.
Rain has fallen as far south as Cape Mendo
cino. The wind has now shifted to the west
ward along the coast and the barometer has
commenced to rise, jne weathr-r In California
will improve Thursday with northwest wind.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. Nov. 17. 1898:
Northern California — Partly cloudy Thursday;
cooler at Sacramento; brisk northwest wind.
Southern California— Generally fair Thursday;
fresh northwest wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Thursday, with local
snow in the mountains: cooler at Carson City.
Utah— Occasional showers in north portion,
with local snows In elevated sections; partly
cloudy in south portion.
Arizona— Fair to-night and Thursday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Thursday: brisk northwest wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpals— Cloudy; wind
northwest, iv miles; maximum temperature, 62;
current, 64. W. H. HAMMON,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16.— Apparently the
■watchers who have been waiting for reaction
In the market to buy stocks made up their
minds that this morning's decline was tha most
that could be looked for under the circum
stances, and they accordingly came Into the
market In great force, and before the end of the
day had wiped out the earlier losses almost
entirely and established a higher range of
values than yesterday throughout. Although
net gains are in nearly all cases confined to
fractions, the extreme rise from the low point
*ln the majority of active stocks amounted to 1
per cent or over and the closing was active
and quite strong at the top. Morning losses
were not made without resistance, notably by
Atchlson preferred, the Union Pacifies and
some of the specialties. Chicago and North
western and Omaha also showed strength be
fore the break, but the very heavy offerings of
the Not jra Pacific stocks proved too heavy
a burden for the market to carry, especially
as London was disposed to realise in the inter
national securities. Northern Pacific fell over
a point below last night and the whole list
went below last night's prices. There were
stop loss orders uncovered on the way down,
but orders in commission houses to buy were
encountered in an increasing amount, and the
sharp advance in the Northwestern stocks and
Omaha, ranging from 1% to 3%, turned the
whole market upward. The advance for the
rest of the day was not entirely uninterrupted,
but the marked strength of International
Paper, Sugar, Pacific Mail, Baltimore and
Ohio and a few other stocks and the enormous
demand for Atchison preferred kept the bull
spirit In the ascendant and discouraged opera
tions on the short side. The selling for London
account also changed to a buying demand at
the lower level. These were for the most part
simply arbitrage operations based on the dis
parity between London and New York prices.
The session of the Paris peace conference and
the fixing of a date for a future meeting afford
some relief from the apprehension of a rupture
which have prevailed In London. The fact of
the Berlin Exchange being closed served to
check recently large selling of American securi
ties which has come from that quarter on ac
count of the money stringency.
There was a falling off In activity in the
i bond market and heaviness in sympathy with
| stocks, though the tone improved before the
close. Louisville, Evansville and St. Louis
! consols trust receipts rose 7 points over yester
' day and 14 points over Monday. Total sales,
I $4,375,000.
United States new 4s coupon declined % In
the bid price.
j The total sales of stocks to-day were 680.600
i shares. Including: Atchison, IS. 710; Atchison
j preferred, 85.584; Baltimore and Ohio. 7327; Bur
lington, 11,345; Denver and Rio Grande pre-
I ferred, 3589; Louisville and Nashville, 21,996;
[ Manhattan. 7000; Missouri Pacific, 15,175; North
| crn Pacific, 30,835; Northern Pacific preferred,
0187; Northwestern, 4080; Rock Island, 20.515;
j Union Pacific, 4950; St. Paul. 25.290; Southern
Railway, 3055; Southern Railway preferred,
$240; American Tobacco. 33,808: Bay State Gas,
5075; Federal Steel, 9075; Federal Steel pre
ferred, 13.585; People's Gas, 10.990; Pacific Mail,
13.481; Sugar. 10,899; Tennessee Coal and Iron,
31S0; Chicago ©reat Western, 10,831.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 16 Do preferred 65%
Do preferred 44% Do 2d prefrd 32%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 61% St L & S W 5%
Canada Pacific 84 Do preferred 13%
Can Southern 54% St Paul 112%
Central Pacific 28 Do preferred 161%
Ches & Ohio 22% St P & Om 86%
Chi & Alton 164% Do preferred 165
Chi B& Q 119 St PM& M. 174
Chi & E Illinois... 54 So Pacific 26%
Do preferred 107 So Railway 9%
Chi G W 16% Do preferred 37%
Chi Ind & L 7% Tex & Pacific 15
Do preferred 30 Union Pacific 34 T 4
Chi &N W 137% Do preferred 68%
Do preferred 189 UPD & G 6%
C C C & St L 40% Wabash 7%
Do preferred 88 Do preferred 21%
Del & Hudson 99 Wheel & L E 3%
Del L & W 143 Do preferred 17%
1 Den & Rio Gr 15% Express Companies-
Do preferred 68% Adams Ex 109
Erie (new) 13% American Ex 140
Do Ist prefrd 34% United States 44
Ft Wayne 174 Wells Fargo 122
Gt Nor preferred.. 140% Miscellaneous-
Hocking Val 3% A Cot Oil 32%
Illinois Central 110% Do preferred 84%
Lake Erie & W.... 15% Amer Spirits 12
Do preferred 65% Do preferred 36%
Lake Shore 193 Amer Tobacco 138%
Louis & Nash 60% Do preferred 127
Manhattan L 94% Cons Gas 184
Met St Ry 172 Com Cable Co 175
Mich Central 108 Col F & Iron 23%
Minn & St L 88 Do preferred 77
Do Ist prefrd 92% Gen Electric 82%
Mo Pacific 37% Haw Com Co 53 I
Mobile & Ohio , 26% Hlinoie Steel 104
Mo X & T 11% Inter Paper 61
Do preferred 34% Do preferred 93
N J Central 89 Laclede Gaa 48%
N V Central 117 Lead 3:,%
N V Chi &St L.... 13% Do preferred 113
Do Ist prefrd 71 Minn Iron 138
Do 2d prefrd 34% Nat Lin Oil 6%
Nor West 14 Pacific Mail 37%
No Amer Co 7% People's Gas 10S%
No Pacific 40% Pullman Palace 139
Do preferred 75% Silver Cer 60%
Ontario & W 15% Stand R & T 7% |
Or R & Nay 54 Sugar 122%
Or Short Line 30 Do preferred 111% j
Pac C Ist prefrd... 80 TC & Iron 30%
Do 2d prefrd 59 O S Leather 6%
Ptttsburg 172 Do preferred 67%
Reading 16% D S Rubber 42%
Do Ist prefrd 40% Do preferred I<M%
RC, W 27 West Union 93%
Do preferred 63 Fed Steel Co 32%
Rock Island 1077* i Do preferred 77%
St L & S F 7%' Brooklyn R T 68%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3« 105 N T Cen lsts 118
U S new 4s reg..127% N J C 5s 113%
I>o coup 127% N Carolina 6e 125
TJ S 4s 111% Do 4s 10S
Do coup 111% No Pac lsts 118
Do 2ds 98% Do Ss 66
U S 6b reg 112% Do 4b 101%
Do 5b coupon 113 NYC& St L 4b. 106
District 36 5s ....118 Nor &W 6s U0
Ala Class A 108 Northwestern con. 141%
Do B 105 Do deb 5s 117%
Do C 100 O Nay lats 114
Do Currency ....100 ,O Nay 4s 101
Atchison 4b 98%10 8 Line 6s tr..128%
Do adj 4b 74% ;O S Line 5s tr...108H
Can So 2ds 109% ' Pacific 6s of 1935.. 102% i
C& O 4%» 88 Reading 4b 82ft j
Chi Term 4s 92 ROW lBt« 90
C & Ohio 6b 116% St L ft I M Con ss. 97%
C H & D 445.... 104% Bt L& S F Gen 6s. 121 14
D & R G 15t5. ...108 St P Con 160
D & R G 4s 98% St P C & P 18t5.121%
East Tfenn lets 107 Do 5b 118
Erie Gen 4b 71% So Ry 5s 102%
F W & D lsts tr. 78% St R & T 6s gO%
Gen Elec 6b 109 Term new set 35.. 94
G H & a A 6s 105 Tex Pac L G 18t5.109%
Do 2ds 104 Do reg 2ds 47ft
H & T C sfl 111% Union Pac 4s 101
Do Con 6s UOV4 U P D & G lsts.. 81
lowa C lsts 104% Wabash Ist 5s ..111%
La new consols 45. 10614 Do 2ds 91
L & N Unl 4s 94 IW Shore 4s 11l
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 79
M X & T 2ds 65 Do deferred .... 7%
Do 4s 91% Win Central lsts .. 62
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Choll/ir 22 Ontario 4 00
Crown Point 12 Ophir 70
Con Cal & Va.... 125 Plymouth 08
Deadwood 45 1 Quicksilver 175
Gould & Curry... 15: Do prefd 450
Hale & Norcross.. 1 00 Standard 185
Homestake 60 00ISierra Nevada ... 80
Iron Sliver 73 Union Con 22
Mexican 20sYellow Jacket ... 18
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westhingh Elec. 35%
Call loans 2@3 £>o pred 68
Time loans 2%&4 Ed Elect Tel 135
Stocks — Gen Elec prefd .. 164
A ten Top &St Fe 16 Atch prefd 44%
Amer Sugar — 122% Bonds-
Do prefd 11l Atchison 4s 97%
Bay State Gas... 2% General Elec 6b... 107
Bell Tel 280 Mining shares-
Boston & Albany 245 Allouez Mm Co.. 4%
j Boston & Maine.. 164 Atlantic 32
Boston & L 7714 Boston & Mont .. 227
Chi Bur & Q 119 |Butte & Boston .. 54V4
i Fitchburg 1044 1 Calumet & Hecla. 607
: Gen Electric 82%, Centennial 22%
, Mexican Cent 4%; Franklin 16%
N V & N Eng.... 85 I Old Dominion ... 34%"
Old Colony 192 1 Onceola 74%
Or Short Line 29 Qulncy 130
Rubber 42%iTamarack 175
Union Pacific 34% I Wolverine 32%
Wesi Knd 87%; Parrott 26
Do prefd 109%.! Humboldt 4%
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Nov. 16.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: Mr. Cham
berlain's speech at Manchester yesterday
checked business in the stock markets here to
day and the tone was dull.
Americans were hesitating. They lacked the
6upport of Berlin to-day, it being a holiday
in that market. Paris also refrained from buy
ing.
The continued ease of money here is puzzling
the market.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. 16.— Canadian Pacific, 87;
Grand Trunk, 7%; bar silver steady, 28d; money,
24 per cent; Spanish 4's closed at 40%.
PARIS, Nov. 16.— Spanish 4's closed at 4L
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Nov. I«.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22,487 barrels; exports, 2565 barrels. Quiet but
steady. Minnesota patents. $3 85<@>4 10.
WHEAT— Receipts, 222,825 bushels; exports,
73,490 bushels. Spot firm; No. 2 red, 77c f. o. b.
afloat. Options declined moderately at first
under a light export demand and weak cables,
fair receipts and liquidation. Speculation was
extremely dull and featureless except for a late
rally on covering and export developments,
rinsing Vie net higher; No. 2 red May, 70 »-16@
71Vfce. closed 71Hc.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Fairly activ*.
METALS— There was a notable Improvement
In Tin and Copper to-day following bullish
news from the West. A small rush of buyers
and more conservative attitude of sellers
marked the day's business. Business was
moderately active with the feeling late In the
day very firm. The balance of tins list lacked
special new feature, ruling inactive and gen
erally unchanged. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PlGlßON— Warrants quiet, with $7 10 bid and
17 25 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, with $U 87% bid and
Jl2 95 asked.
TlN— Firm, with $17 90 bid and |18 asked.
LEAD— DuII, with J3 70 bid and $3 75 asked.
The firm naming the settling price for leading
miners and smelters at the West quotes Lead
"'SPELTER— Quiet, with $6 15 bid and *5 25
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, with Novem
ber 5 points higher; others 5 points lower.
Sales, 14,500 bags. Spot Coffee— Rio dull but
steady; mild quiet but steady. Sales fair Job
bing trade, but little demand for Invoice lots.
SUGAR— Raw strong and tending decidedly
upward; fair refining, 3 15-lSc; centrifugal, 96
test, 4 7-16 c: refined firmer and fairly active.
BUTTER— Receipts. 8812 packages. Firm.
Western creamery, 16@23 lie:1 i e: Elgins, 23>4c; fac
tory, lli/4@H%c
EGGS— Receipts, 89M packages. Firm. West
ern. 23Hc
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16.— California Dried
Fruits— Evaporated Apples strong; others fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7®Bc per
THE SAl¥ FRAISTCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, KOTEMBEB 17, 1898.
pound; prime wire tray, S®B%o; choice. B%®9c;
fancy, 9%0. '■■•.- P; ■•. . i».-7
PRUNES— -.-.■-.•■• . . —,.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@14c; Moorpark, 13® lTa.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 8@12%c; peeled, 19©zoc.
CHICAGO > GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Nov. , 16.— Wheat opened at from
%@%o lower,' December starting at 65%@66cana
May at 65%<g>6u%c. Liverpool had declined from
%<3>%d before trading: on this side began, ana
the 2:46 p. ;m. quotations from , Liverpool in
creased the loss to from %@%d for December
and March resftectively. First transactions
here brought the prices of December and May
down to the level where holders of puts could
operate with safety. The buyers "gainst tnose
prices caused the market to assume an appear
ance of firmness at the decline and a moderate
reaction took, place, December getting up to
66%@56%c and May to 65% c. « esld " h th VJrke\
ness of Liverpool the bear side of t he .™*™L c }
was encouraged by declines at Antwerp, and
Paris and an almost total lack; of fore gn de
mand. The seaboard was very Prollnc In bear
news and it had a good deal of effect on P» ce «i.
which began to sag as soon as the buy ng
against puts let up. Russian wheat, » cc °™i " K
to Liverpool, was offered cheaper. and Argen
tine offerings showed an Increase. Some export
business developed later. New York o ™"*
about fifty loads taken, but this w *? a frs£f r s£
failing off from the heavy engagements of nO
past week or so. Primary receipt* were enor
mous. ■ the total being put at 1. o»«.0W bushels.
or 665,000 bushels more than a year ago Not
withstanding this the market declined very
slowly. December reached 65% c and Mar^>*c
before noon. Those were the lowest prices or
the day. Shorts, especially in December were
evidently apprehensive of the situation and
took advantage of every dip in prices to- coyer
their lines. In the last hour's trading rumors
of the taking of 400.000 bushels for^WPM
imparted additional firmness to lne I *!^
prices advanced steadily. The market e be c c m
decidedly active and firm toward the close
shorts coming in freehand bidding prices up
rapidly. December advanced to«^° 5 J
closed at 66%@66%c. May closed at Js%(&66c.
Corn, though starting In weak, soon ™£™-
and for the rest of the session was »trong
Cables were lower, but there was an excellent
S£ deTSSd here' »d liberal egjrt^
the seaboard.- The market . WM ,{ 1 «' p ti o !^ f^.
deal by the strength of oats. May closed %c
h OatTwere relatively stronger than the other
grafnVa^rkets and a large ty""!™
S d SSS Q£^*&J£
ve>y active and strong near the close. May
ClO pß;odvislCo^:gir.p.tep B ;o d visl C o^: g ir.p.te of the -Jjl"*,^.
was marked throughout, were strong, wtwtw
easily. January pork closed <%c higher, lard
easily. Januarj' pork closed 7%c nigner, iara
7%c higher and ribs 5c higher. ... . .
The leading futures ragged as follows.
Articles- '■ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— 66 i/
™.= & s* ft •'*
No C ve I m be N ;°-..^ «% S P I
M^ m^.::::::::::: -SS. S8" '8
Oats, No. 2— -._, .«i ,4%;
m^. 1 :.::::::::::: & 13 &. fS
Mess Pork, per bbl— ■ _ „,„
KTr.::::::::::^^ s 7 !?^. .3fe-.258
vZSter.™}^.*™ 4S f ; J7JH 4|5 H
January ■* S» 495 485 4 9Z^.
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
ggSSSr.:::::::::::*^. 4-55 -re *S*
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 Spring Wheat. 63©67 c: No 2 Red.
69c: No. 2 Corn. 32%«?32%c; No 2 Oats f .o b
25©2« c: No. 2 White, f. o. b.. 29c; No. 3 hlte.
fob 26%025c: No. 2 Rye. 51 %c: No. 2 Bar
ley fo. 56(248c; No. 1 Flawed. 97c: Prime
Timothy Seed, $2 25; Mess Pork, per bbl. $7 80
®7R6- Lard per 100 lbs, S4 57%@4 92^: Short
lbs ' Sides (loose) ' $4 70@4 90; Dry Salted
Shoulder* (boxert)! $4 37%@4 60; Short Clear
Rides (boxed) $4 75®4 80; Whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per ■ gallon/ $1 25; Sugars, cut
loaf, $5 77: Granulated, $o 27. .
Articles— i : Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 23.000 16.000
Wheat bushels 270.000 170,000
Corn, bushels 44»,0M 65..000
Corn, bushels Jto.OM «g.«»
Oats, bushels 408.000 262.000
iariey. bushels 151.000 20.000
iariey. bushels "\ 151,000 80.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: Creameries. 14@22c; Dair
ies 12%@19c. Cheese, quiet; SV4@9%c Eggs,
firm; fresh, 2Q®2l^c. . _
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 403.560 67.230
TMiluth • 68, 187 444,610 ;
Milwaukee «3.650 73.450 ,
Chicago '• ..1..'.... — 269.300 169.592
Ttoedo *..-. 36,860 12.000
St Louis" 72.000 153.000
SS£i city::-:: • tt.ooo ".so
totals • 1,651.302 1.015,682
Tidewater— ...••<. M.7W - «6.569
New York'"... 22.925 63.490
Philadelphia J2.7W 3,111
Baltimore 96 112 . 1 2Vnnn
New Orleans . ••■■•• «.JW
Galveston • 42.224 g8 ' 000
Tota 9 462.829 415,220
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— - ■".'• D«c. Mar. j
Opening JiM fjgl
Closing .....6 1 6 09*
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour- Oct. Jan.-Apt
Opening « oo 46 20
Closing ;
Wheat— '- ' „ .-
Opening 21 76 21 * 5
Closing ••• ••••• V;
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. -,
CHICAGO. Nov.' 16.— CATTLE— Prices un
changed. Beef steers, $3 90@4 05 for common.
$4 75® 5 for medium to good and $5 25@5 70 for
choice to extra, the bulk of the sales being at
$4 75®5 35. There was a fairly good demand
for stockers and feeders at $3@4 35; canners
117502 85; fair to choice cows and heifers, $3
©4; extra choice heifers, *4 75@5 10; calves sold
m HOGS— Prices unchanged. Hogs sold at $3 10
(S3 50. largely at *3 35@3 45. and pigs $2 90®
3 20 ■ Late sales were on an average of 2%c
higher than yesterday's prices and a few fancy
heavy hogs brought *3 62%.
SHEEP— Prices averaged 25c lower. Early
in the day prime lambs were Bold at $5 40@5 50,
but toward noon lambs were extremely dull
at $3 25©4 25; feeders" selling at $4 60@4 80;
sheep were very hard to sell at J2 25@4 25;
feeders slow at $3 25@3 90. ---«_—.
Receipts— 14,000; Hogs. 42,000; Sheep.
94 000 KANSAS CITY.
' " KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Nov. 16.— CATTLE— Receipts
10 000 . Market steady. Native steers. S3 £0©
5 25- Texas steers, $304 40; Texas cows, $2 30®
2 90- native cows and heifers, $1 50®4 25; stock
ers 'and feeders, *3 33@4 40; bulls, $2 90@3 75.
Receipts 17,000. Market steady to
strong Bulk of sales, $3 25@3 37%; heavies,
S3 25@3 43: packers, $3 25@3 37%; mixed. »3 10
(S3 35; lights. $3 05@3 30; yorkers, $3 26@3 30;
Digs $2 85@3 20.
SHEEP— Receipts 4000. Market weak.
Lambs, »4@5 40; muttons, $3(3*60.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Nov. 16.— CATTLE— Receipts 2800.
Market active, stronger. Native beef steers,
$4 40®5 30; Western steers, $3 35@4 45; Texas
steers $3 50@3 80; canners, $2 25@3; stockers
and feeders, $3 50@4 50; bulls, stags, etc., $2 25
IIOGS— Receipts 1900. Market steady. Heavy,
$3 32.03 40; mixed. $3 3263 35; light, $3 Ss@3 40;
bulk of sales. $3 32%@3 15.
SHEEP— Receipts 4700. Market steady. Na
tive muttons, $3 70@4 40; Western muttons,
$3 50@4 26; stockers. *3@3 85; lambs, *4<g>s 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, Nov. 16.— CATTLE— Receipts 1400.
Market active and higher. Beef steers, $3 SO®
4 25- cows. $2 75(g3 40; feeders, freight paid to
river $3 25@4; stockers, freight paid, $3 20®
4 20- 'bulls, stags, etc.. $2 25<&3.
HOGS— Receipts 500. Market slow and
lower. Mixed. »3 35@3 40; heavy, $3(g3 25.
SHEEP— Receipts 600. Market steady and
unchanged.
THE BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. Nov. 16.— The American "Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
The features of the market the past week
have been the large sales of foreign wool, a
considerate cortion of which v/as taken for
shipment troroad. A round lot of Montevideo,
aggregating about 750,000 pounds which had
been in bond, as well as an equal amount of
Australian, making, say, 1,500,000 pounds In all,
have been taken for export, and at this writing
negotiations are in progress on certain other
lines of foreign wools held here, which may
result in the sending forth of considerable
more. The market has been active In spots.
This Is to say. transactions by a few large
houses constitute the greater part of the busi
ness, otHers reporting no business whatever.
The tone of the market as to prices is cer
tainly no weaker. If anything It Is steadier.
The trade seems at length to have touched a
basis upon which consumers will operate, and
the actual prices at which transactions have
been effected the past week have been on a
parity with those quoted the week before.
The sales for the week In Boston amount to
4 084.000 pounds domestic and 1,841,000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 7,927,000. against a
total of 4.280,500 for the previous week and a
total of 2,727,000 for the corresponding week
last year. Sales since January 1, 1898, amount
to 114,731,010 pounds, against 341,342,100 pounds
last year at this time.
FRUIT SALES IN THE EAST.
The Earl Fruit Company's auction sales In
the Eastern markets to-day are as follows:
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 16.— Red Emperor,
$2 04; Clusters, $3; Emperor, $2 64; White Em
peror, |1 96. One car sold.
BOSTON, Nov. lfi.— Red Emperor, $1 70@2 30,
average $1 84; Emperor, $2; Clusters, $3 60.
Weather fine. One car sold.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16.— Emperor, fl 50@l 65,
average 11 67; Malagas, $1 85. Favorable weath
er. One car sold. _
CHICAGO. Nov. 18.— Cornlcbon. $1-47; Em
peror. $1 60; double crates. $2 65. Weather
favorable. One car sold.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Nov. 16.— Consols. 110 B-lfc; silver.
28d; French rentes, lOlf 82% c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and eellers apart; cargoes on
passage, rather easier; Oregon. 345; English
country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 16.— WHEAT — Steady;
wheat in Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull;
French country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 l-32d.
CORN— November quiet, 3s 10% d; December
quiet, 3s B%d; March quiet. 3s 6%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet, nominal; De
cember, 6s Id; March, 6s 9%d.
NORTHERN WTiEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 16. — Wheat, un
changed, with very little selling. Walla Walla.
59:5?60c; valley and blue stem, 62<S*3c.
For a special lot of heavy Walla Walla So%o
was paid.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 18.— Wheat— Club, Mo: blue
stem, 63<3>64c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. I«.— Exchanges, |122,
860; balances, $77,506.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 B:r%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic-. — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars — 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Was weak, but not materially
changed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 18%@1 21%; milling.
$1 22%@1 26%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — May— 4ooo
ctls. $1 22%.
Second session— December — 4000 ctls, $1 19; 14,
000, $1 18%. May— l6,ooo. $1 22%; 8000. $1 23;
2000, $1 22%.
Regular morning .session — May — 2000 ctlm,
$1 23%; 2000. $1 23; 4000. $1 22%. December—
2000, $1 18.
Afternoon session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 22%; 8000,
$1 22%; IS, 000. $1 22%.
BARLEY— lndications of rain weakened fu
tures, but the spot market was unchanged.
Feed, $1 25@1 30; Brewing. $1 32%®1 40 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — No rales.
Second session— December— Booo ctls, $1 80%:
WOO. $1 30%.
Regular morning session— December— l2, COO
ctls $1 30%; 4000, $1 80%: 2000 (t}r»wmg), $1 38;
2000, $1 38%.
Afternoon sesaion— December— looo ctls, $1 2» r 4;
4000. $1 29H; 2000. $1 29%; 2000 (brewing). $1 32^;
2000. $1 33.
OATS— Quotations remained unchanged, and
business was slow.
Fancy Feed, $1 27%@1 30 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 22u.{rl 25; common, $1 17%@1 20; Sur
prise, $1 35<gl 42%; Gray. $1 20@l 22%; milling.
$1 25@1 30 per ctl; Red, $1 40@l 47%; Black, $1 to
@1 70.
CORN— The feeling was steady, but the de
mand was slow.
Small rounrt yellow. $1 16; Eastern large yel
low. $1 02H@l 05; white, $1 05; mixed, $1 02%@
1 05 per ctl; California White, $1 06@l 07%.
RYE— California, $1 20#l 25; Eastern, $1 16®
1 20 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 1512 Barrels of
f"oUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras, $3 90&4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Commeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 26; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 2f><23 60: Buckwheat
Flour, $»&4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 86@6 25; In sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
All descriptions remained unchanged and
BRAN— sls@l6 50 p«r ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9@2O per ton.
FKEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $27 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31031 50; Job
bing. $32632 GO; Cocoanut cake. $24<g25; Cotton
seed Meal. $2S*g3o per ton; Cornmeal, $23 U«Q
24 50; Cracked Corn, $24<525.
CALIFORNIA HAT— Wheat, $16 60®18 60 for
I good to choice and $14® 16 for lower gradfs;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat. $16@"S;
Oat, $14@16: Island Barley, $13@14; Alfalfa.
$1C&11 50; Stock, $11@12; Clover, nominal.
uITSIDE HAT— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Nominal.
6TRAW— 36@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
-Previous prices rule for all descriptions under
this head. The demand is slow.
BEANS— $1 9002; Small Whites, $2®
2 15; Large Whites, $1 70@l 80; Pinks, $1 90@2 05:
Reds, $3 25; Blackeye, $3 50@3 75; Butters. %2&
2 50; Llmas, ■$3 ■ 2003 30; Pea. $2 10®2 25; Red
Kidneys, $2 40@2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4@4 25 per ctl: Tel
low Mustard. $4; Flax, J2@2 10; Canary Seed. 2%
@2?io per lb; Alfalfa, 7@7%c; Rape, 2>4@2%c:
Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, 6<g:.%C. .
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, ?t 25@1 40; Green, $1 50
©1 76 per ctl. . . - ;;^' •
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes 6how some change and Oregone gra
higher. Vegetables stand the same.
POTATOES— 3O®4Oc for Early Rose and 3o@
50c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75<-'3
$1 10; Oregon. 70c@$l 05; Sweet Potatoes, 65<g>S5c
for nearby and $1411 25 for Merced; New Pota
toes, 2<S2%c per lb.
ONIONS— 3O<gSOc per ctl; Pickle Onions, 35®
60r per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3c; String
Beann, 4@oc; Lima Bean- $I@l 60 per sack;
Bay Squash, 7ocfjsl; Green Peppers, 2h<Ub')c;
Cabbage, 40©50 c; Tomatoes, 3S@soc; Garlic, 4®
6c per H>: Green Okra. 40&50 c per lb; Dried
Okra, 10c per lb; Cucumbers. 35@50c; Egg
Plant, 25@50c per box; Marrowfat Squash. $8
®l 0 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16®lSc; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new. 18c; Cab
bage, 30r ; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRT AND GAME.
Five cars of Eastern came in altogether,
selling at $5 60<g6 for Hens, $5 for old Roosters,
$".(§,5 50 for young Roosters. $4 for Fryers, $3 50
©4 for Broilers, $5 for Ducke, 13c per tt> for
Turkeys and $2 for Geese.
Turkeys are coming in freely and are weak.
The other descriptions stand about the same.
Game shows no particular changes.
POULTRT — Dressed Turkeys, 14@16c; live
Turkeys 12Q14c for Gobblers and 12@13c for
Hens; Cieese, per pair, $1 25(011 75: Goslings.
$1 6001 75; Ducks. $4@5 for old and $4<fs for
young; Hene, $3 50®5: Roosters, young. $4^C;
Roosters, old, $4<?f4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broil
ers J3 50 for large, $3#3 25 for small; Pigeons,
$l'fil 2ii per dozen for old and $1 75 for squabs.
Quail 25®1 75; Mallard, $3®4; Canvasback.
$S«S- Sprig, $2 50@3 50; Teal. $1 50@l 75; Wid
geon $1 50; Small Duck. $1 25; English Snipe,
$1 50- Jack Snipe, $1; Gray Geese, $2: White
Geese $I@l 26; Brant, $1 25#1 50; Honkers, $4;
Hare, $l<gl 2b: Rabbits, $1 26@1 60 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
All kinds remain as previously quoted
BUTTER— „,__
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 23@24c; sec
onds, 2Cii22c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 18@20c; common
Plekied Goods^-Flrkin, 18@20c; pickled roll.
19@21c; creamery tub, nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16%c per
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10@lle; old. BH@
9Vzc- Cream Cheddar, lOigllc; Young America,
lOVrfU'-sc; Eastern,
ECGS-Rnnch Eggs. 40@42\4c per dozen; me
dium Eggs, 35'tf37Vic; Eastern. 20@28c for ordi
nary and 27V4030C for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUB FRUITS.
Thrro Is nothing new, except an advance In
Cranberries, which are scarce, both here and in
the East. Table Grapes continue to sell well.
Oranges Lemons and Limes are dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, *3@4 per chest for large and
for small.
Huckleberries, 6@6c per ID.
Persimmons, nominal.
Pomegranates, nominal. ■
Cranberries, *9@9 50 per barrel for Eastern
and $2 per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary Grapes, 35@60c per box; crates sell
about 10c higher than boxes; Wine Grapes, $16
(223 per ton.
Raspberries. $4@6 per chest.
Apples, 36<&60c for common, 75@80c per box
for No. 1 and *I@l 25 for choice.
Pears. 50@U 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $3 50-S* 50
per box; Seedlings, $1 50®2 25; Lemons, |l@2 for
common and J2 50@3 50 for good to choice; Mex
ican Limes, $4@4 60; California Limes, 25cGj>tl
per small box; Bananas, Jl 50<32 per bunch;
Pineapples, ti<S's per doien.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, KTC.
Prunes are lower again and dull. No other
changes.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6%c for 40-60*8. A%
@5c for 60-60' s, 3%c for 60-70' s, 3c for 70-80' s,
2Hc for SO-aO's, 2c for 90-100' s and l^c
for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, 2V4@sc; Peaches,
6<&7^c for good to choice, 7%@Bc for fancy and
10©12Vic for peeled; Apricots, 10@12c for Royals
and 12@12V4c for Moorpark; Evaporated Apples,
7%fg7Hc; sun dried, 4@4^c; Black Figs, sacks.
2'S2 l^c ; Plums,, 4^@6c for pitted and I®lHc for
unpltted; Nectarines, 6<gi7c for prime to fan;y;
Pears, 6@7c for quarters and B®9o for halven.
RAISINS— i\e for two-crown. 4%0 for three
crown, B\c for four-crown, 5^4®6%c for Beeaie»s
Sultanas. <Vc for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, B@l2>£c per lb; Walnuts,
6@7c lor hardshell, B@9c for softshell; Almonds,
6@70 for hardshell; 13c for softshell, 14@15c for
paper-shell ; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and i\i<§
5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, lo@llc for bright and B®9«
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6^@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark. s®-SVaC
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb. .
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7%e per lb for
heavy. 8c for light medium, 10c for light, lOttc
for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10c; California
Hams, 9@9^ic; Mess Beef. *10@10 50 per bbl:
extra Mess Beef $ll@ll 50: Family Beef, $12@
12 60; extra Prime Pork, $10; extra clear. JIB'S"
18 50; mess, $15 B0@16; Smoked Beef, U@l2c
per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces, quoted at s^c per lb
for compound and 6%®7c for pure; palls, 7V4c;
California tierces, 4%@5c per lb for compound
and 6c for pure; half -barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
Ihic; 5-lb tins, 7Hc.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, B T /i@SHo: packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls. 60 In a case, 9V»c;
3-lb palls. 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lf> palls. 12 In a
case, SV*c; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case. 6%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net. 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%e.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc : under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, B%c; light 8c; Cowhides.
S<gß^c: Stags, Be; Salted Kip, B%c; Calf. B%c:
dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c;
dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheep
skins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short wool. 30®
40c each; medium, 6O@80e; long wool, 90c@$l 10
each; Horse Hides,; salt, $1 75*32 for large- and
75c for small; Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry. $1 50
for large and 60c@$l for small.
TALLOW— 1 rendered,. 3%c per lb; No. 2.
2&c; refined, 4%@4%c; Grease, 2c.
■ WOOL — — Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9@llc; San Joaquln and Southern. 7
months', 8@10c: Foothill and Northern, free,
12iJT14c: Foothill and - Northern, defective, 10®
12c; Middle County, 13@16c; Humboldt and Men
doclno, 14@16c; Nevada. 10@14c; Eastern Ore
gon. 10@12c ; Valley - Oregon, 15@17c.
Fall Wools — Price.
Humboldt . and Mendoclno 11®13
Northern mountain ; 9011
Mountain ....'. 8010
Plains 6@ 9
HOPS— IB9B crop, 13@17c per lb.
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%@5c; Wool Bags, 26@28e; San
Quentln Bags, $4 85; Fruit Bags, sc, SHe and
6^4c for the three grades of white and 7@Bc for
: brown. " , ,
'Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld' Wellington, $7 50: Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $8 50 in bulk and $10
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per »n: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western ; Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered,- 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6>4c; Confec
tioners, A, 5%c; California A, 6%c: Magnolia A,.
6%c; Extra C, 6c; Golden C, 4%c; half-barrels,
%c more than barrels, and boxes %c more. No
order taken at less . than 75 barrels or . its
equivalent. ,
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The market for all kinds continues steady.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
. BEEF— First quality. 6%c: choice. 7c; second
quality. 6>4@6c; third quality, 4@sc.
VEAL— Large, 7c; email. 7@BHc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7H@Bc; Ewes, 7c
LAMB— Si,4@9c per lb.
PORK— Hogs, 4@4Uc for large. 4%@4%c
for medium and 3Vifi3Hc for small; stock Hogs,
2 J /i@3c; dressed Hogs. 6<g>7c for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, November 18.
Flour, qr sks ... 3.24S Eggs, doz 8,270
Wheat, ctls 1.400 Wine, gals 64,450
Barley, ctls 270 Hides, no 183
Oats, ctls 410 Pelts, bdls 180
Butter, ctls 76 Leather, rolls ... 47
Cheese, ctls 99 Straw, tons 26
Tallow, ctls 50 Hay, tons 144
Beans, sks 4.250 Wool, bales 2
Potatoes. sks ... 3.000 Quicksilver, risk. 308
Onions, sks 250 Lumber, ft 60,000
Bran, sks 140 i Raisins, bxs 10,000
Middlings, sks .. 601
OREGON.
Flour, qr ski ... 6,64S | Bran, eks 810
Barley, ctls 10.200 ' Shorts, ski 1,250
Oats, ctlß 5 Wheat, ctls 7.870
Potatoes, ska ... 1.235 !
WASHINGTON.
Hay, tons 37^.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were several cents better, but
dull.
The Alta assessment fall* delinquent in board
to-day.
There were few changes worthy of note in
local securities. Hawaiian Commercial weak
ened off to $55 75.
The Hutchlnson Plantation Company will pay
a dividend of 50c per share, or $25,000, on the
21st inst. . , _
A dividend of 50c per share, payable Decem
ber 1, has been declared by the Oceanic Steam
ship Company. __,_
The Mining and Scientific Press says: The
payment of a dividend by the North Star Com
pany near Grass Valley, amounting to $00.000,
afteV costly Improvements in machinery and
the purchase of the Grass Valley Water Com
pany's plant for 150.000. shows that the sev
eral properties being developed under this
company's systematic methods are profitable.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Nov. 16—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
U 8 Bonds— SFG fi 8.... — —
4s quar coup.. 112 1« San Fran .... 3 3%
4s quar reg...1U%111% Stockton Gas.. 1J —
ts quar new... 127 127* Insurance
3s quar coup..— 106 Firem s Fund. 2o6 —
Miscellaneous- "Water Stocks—
Cal-st Cab 55.. 115 117 Contra Costa.. 60 M
Pal Xl os 125 — Marin Co 50 —
C C Wat 55... 100% - Spring Valley. 101%102y»
Dup-st ex c... - 88% Bank Stocks-
E L, & P 65.. 130 - Anglo-Cal ....60% 63
F4C!Ry 65. 114 — Bank of Ca1.. 249% —
Geary-st R ss. - 100 Cal SD & T.. 98 100
H C & S 5%5. 99V4104Va First Nationl.2lo 220
LALCo6s. - 100 Lon P & A....131*-
Do *ntd 65.. — 102 Mer Exchange — 1«
Market-st 65.. 128% - Nev Nat 8....175 177%
Do Ist M 55.115%116% Savings Banks—
N C NGRy 7s. 108 - Ger S & L..1610 1640
N Ry Cal 65.. 113 — Hum « « L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 55. .104% — Mutual Say. 35 45
NPC R R 68.103 - S F Say U.. 495 -
NFC X R (5.100%101 6# L 50.... — 100
N Cal R R 6s. — — Security 8 B 300 350
Oak Gas 65.... 109 — Union T C 0.1060 —
Om Ry 6s 126%— Street Railroads—
P&CI Ry 6s. — 107 California ....lOSL^ —
P & O «s 112 — Geary .._ 45 —
Powell-st 65... - 123 Market-st ....55*56
Sac El Ry 55. 100 - Presidio 9 10
BF* N P Bs.llo 110S Powder-
SlerraßCal 65.104%105% California ....136 145
SPof Ar 65.. 108% — E Oynarnite... 85 95
S P Cal 65....U1H— Giant Con Co. 59 69%
BPC is cc 55..101 - VijoHt 2% 2%
S P Br bs 116 — Miscellaneous—
S V Water 65.U5%119 Al Pac A55n.,103%104
S V Water 4s. — 102% i Ger Ld Wk5..160 -
B V wJs(3dm).lol^ - Hana P C 0.... 18 18%
<?tktn Gas 65.. 100 -- H C & S Co.. 55% 56
Gas & Electric- (Hutch S P Co. 66% 66%
rent Gasllpht.los — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
clnt L & P... 9% 9% Oceanic S Co. 61% -
Mutual El Co. 9 9% Pac A F A... 1% 2*
Oakland Gas.. 62% 53 Pac C Bor C 0.106 —
Pac Gas Imp..- 89 Par Paint Co. 7* - _
Pac L Co 47% —
Morning Session.
60 Giant Powder Con 69 25
75 do do 59 12%
200 Hana Plantation Co 18 25
50 Hawaiian Comnterclal & Sugar 67 75
50 do do 57 50
275 do do 67 26
32» do do 67 00
50 Market-street Railway 65 50
60 do do 65 75
3 do do 65 25
6 do do 66 00
26 Oceanic Steamship Co 62 50
20 Spring Valley Water 101 50
Street—
25 Central Light & Power 9 50
Afternoon SeMlon.
200 Hana Plantation C0....\ 18 12%
50 do do 18 25
300 do do 18 00
50 do do * 3 IS 00
100 Hutchlnson S P Co. 66 60
60 Oceanic Steamship Co «2 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 57 («
25 do do 66 75
50 do do 66 50
125 do do 56 25
60 do do 56 00
123 do do .•• oo 75
15 Market-street Railway 56 00
31 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 00
20 do do 86 75
25 Spring Valley Water 102 00
$3000 S V 4s Bonds (Jd mort) 10150
INVESTMENT BOABD.
Mornlnif Session.
10 Oceanic Steamship 62 50
50 S F Gas * Electric Co, s 30 88 25
•>5 do do s 30 8S 12^4
25 do do s 30 88 00
100 do do a 60 87 73
Afternoon Session.
200 Vlgorlt Powder 2 75
40 Giant Powder Con 59 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Btock Board yesterday:
Mornine Session.
WO Andes 11 1 500 Mexican 22
600 Best & Belcher. 28|200 Ophir 75
100 Chollar 27;100 Potosl 18
300 Gould & Curry.. 201100 Sierra Nevada... 87
100 Hale & Norcrs.l 151900 Utah 15
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 26 200 Ophlr 7J
200 Chollar 36 300 Sierra Nevada... 81
200 Gould & Curry.. 18 800 Union Con 26
200 Mexican 201
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
tWO Andes 11 500 Lady Wash W
600 Belcher 21 400 Mexican 21
<50Best & Belcher. 27 400 Ophlr <*
1200 28 200
400 choiiar ...'.;;:;;; 2 6 200 ;"■.'.;..'.'. 72
200 27 200 •*
300 Con Cal & VaV.ll 40 500 Potosl If
2°o i 37^ i.->o Sierra Nevada... 86
»0 1 30 ! 300 °*
300 Gould & Curry- 30 !300 Union Con 27
300 21 1400 *°
200 ■■ 191600 Utah 15
200 Hale & Norcr.l 17^1 600 16
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 101600 16
400 Best & Belcher. 26J800 Savage 20
W0 25H000 Seg Belcher ... 03
400 Con Cal & Va...l 301650 Sierra Nevada.. 82
400 Grown Point ... 19>150 83
800 Justice 161200 Silver Hill 04
300 Mexican 20 1 (00 Union Con 27
100 Ophir 70 300 Utah 12
200 Overman 06 500 Yellow Jacket... 19
100 Potosl 171100 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Nov. 16—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Julia 01 02
Alta 05 07! justice 16 17
Andes 10 lliKentuck 08 08
Belcher 20 21 Lady Wash .... — 08
Benton Con ... — 10 Mexican 19 20
Best & Belcher 25 26 Occidental 47 —
Bullion 05 06 Ophir 70 71
Caledonia 23 25 Overman 05 06
Chollar 24 25 Potosi 15 16
I Challenge Con. 17 19 Savage 20 21
Confidence 52 55 1 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal A Va.l 25 1 30;Seg Belcher ... — 04
Con Imperial .. 01 02! Sierra Nevada. 79 81
Crown Point .. 19 20 Silver Hill — 07
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate 03 —
Eureka Con ... 30 —Standard ISOI 85
Exchequer 01 03 Union Con 25 ,26
Gould & Curry. 18 19iUtah *11 12
Hale & Norcrs.l 15 i 201 Yellow Jacket. 19 20
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, in
maintained in San Frajiclsco for the benefit of
marlnert without regard to nationality and
fr^e of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
butlding, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
In the morning papers the following daj'.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, TJ. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
Ihorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlssion-6treet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17.
Sun rises 6:54
Sun sets 4:57
Moon sets 8:42 p. m.
.■eet.
7:i
I:
I;
4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
I and the last or right hand column gives the
! last tide of the day. except when there arc but
I three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
i given are additions to the soundings on the
j T'nlted States Coast 6urvey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
! reference is the mean of the lower low wators.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.. No
vember 16, IS9B.
The time ball on t.ac tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
iouth Portland. Portland Nov. 17
'. Nelson ITacoma Nov. 17
Sli Thompson.. Seattle Nov. 17
tanta Host San Diego Nov. 17
,'orth Fork Humboldt Nov. 17
Itneola Tacoma |Nov. 17
jueen Victoria & Puget Sound, Nov. 18
'omona Humboldt Nov. 18
iamoa Humboldt (Nov. 18
Volcott Cooks Inlet iNov. 18
Lrcata Coos Bay [Nov. 18
favarro |Yaqulna Bay Nov. 19
*o. W. Elder.. Portland Nov. 19
'oos Bay Newport Nov. 19
'lty of Sydney. Panama Nov. 19
Vashtenaw Tacoma Nov. 19
'rogreso ISeattle Nov. 20
:orona jSan Diego Nov. 21
"hilkat .....(Humboldt Nov. 21
'olumbia |Portland Nov. 22
Coptic ,China and Japan Nov. 22
>el Norte [Crescent City Nov. 22
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 22
)rlzaba Newport Nov. 23
Valla Walla.... (Victoria & Puget Sound Nov. 23
itate California Portland iNov. 35
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
oa ...-i
ilia ..
at ....|
ofCai
:ao ■ . - i
ice . . ■
c
c wporc
ie & Pgt Sd.
[umboldt
oob Bay
ortland
iexlco
anama
■■:
Sails. Pier.
Nov. 17, 9 am Pier U
Nov. 17, 10 am Pier 9
Nov. 17, 2 pmjPier 13
Nov. 17, 1 pmjPier 13
Nov. 18, 10 am | Pier 24
Nov. 18, 10 am | Pier 11
Nov. 18, 12 m;PMS»
Nov. 18. 9 am | Pier 20
Nov. 19, 1 pmiPMSS
Nov. 19, 11 am| Pier 11
Nov. 19, 4 pmiPler 13
N0v.20 |
[Nov. 20. 9 am I Pier 2
i Nov. 20, 2 pm Pier 9
j Nov. 21. 10 ami Pier 24
Nov. 21, 9 am Pier 11
I Nov. 22, 10 am I Pier 9
Nov. 23, 11 am Pier It
|Nov. 24. 10 am|Pier 24
O
.18. >.o™i»y
al |Grays Harborl
lel»on..lPugret Sound..!
ona 'Humboldt — I
'. Elder Portland j
Bay... Newport I
n Vie &. Pgt Sd.|
na ISan Diego '
mbia . .|Portland |
■
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, November 18.
Stmr State of California, Parsons, 57ft hours
from Portland, via Astoria 41 hours.
Stmr Fulton, Levison, 68 hours from Asto-
ria.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen. 73 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, 60 hours from Coos
Bay-
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson. 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Br stmr Moa.na, Carey, 23 days 10 hours from
Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days 13 hours.
Stmr Lelanaw, Stoors, 88 hours from Seat-
Ship Florence, Ryan, 8 days from Seattle.
Ship Dashing Wave, Colby, 9 days from Ta-
coma.
Haw bark Mauna Ala, Smith, 26 days from
Honolulu.
Bark Alden Besse, Potter, 18 days from Hon
olulu.
Haw bark R P Rlthet, Thompson. 16 days
from Honolulu.
Bktn J M Griffiths, Dermot, 14 days from Til-
coma.
Schr Llllebonne, Hansen, 4 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Gem, Nelson, 4 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Corinthian, Korth. 20 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
Schr Aloha. Dabel, 20 days from Honolulu.
Bchr Viking, Peterson, 4 days from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. November 18.
Nor Btmr Tltaia, Egenes. Nanaimo; John Ro
senf eld's Sons. s
Stmr t "mat ilia. Cousins, Victoria an<i Port
Townsend: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Btmr Australia. Houdlette, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, November 18.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, Crescent City.
Stmr Australia. Houdlette. Honolulu.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Buckard, Santa Barbara,
Stmr Empire, Neleon. Coos Bay.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Nanaimo.
Stmr Whitesboro. Johnson.'
Ship Dirlgo, Goodwin, Seattle.
Sehr Edward Parke. Johnson.
Schr Ocean Spray. Nyman. Iversens Landing.
Sohr Gotoma, Johannlssen. Coos Bay.
B'hr J G Wall. BJornstrom, Eureka.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetael.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 16—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind. SW; velocity. 8 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Galilee loads mdse for Tahiti and Mar
quesas.
The Balasore loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, S3s.
The J B Brown loads lumber at Chemalnus
for Bydney, 38a.
The Merioneth was chartered prior to arrival
for wheat to Europe, 27s 6d; option of Portland,
MISCELLANEOUS.
The stmr Umatilla which arrived Nov 13 re
ports on Nov 11 she had seen a four-masted
ship 20 miles north of Columbia River and 35
miles oft ebore. Vessel had double topgallant
yards with no royals and wa« painted lead
CO pORTLAND, Nov 16-SE storm signals or
dered along the Oregon and Washington coast,
and information signals over the Sound.
PORT ANGELES— Nov IS-Stmr Dora, from
Seattle, for San Francisco returned here, hav
ing been in collision off Cape Flattery with
schr Dora Bluhm, from San Pedro, for Tacoma.
Damage unknown.
SPOKEN.
Per Alden Besse— Nov 14— Lat 36 N, long 138 S 
W. schr H D Bendixen. from Chemainus, for
Sydney. Wished to be reported all well.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 16— Stmr Coqulll*
River, for San Francisco. ,
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov I«— Stmr Sunol.
*EVERETT— Arrived Xov 16— Schr Sailor Boy,
hence Nov 2.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Nov 16— Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, from Eureka. ,-«.,. e ~.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Nov IS— Schr Spo
"pORT BLAKELrET— Arrived Nov 16— Ship
Wachusett. from Dutch Harbor.
Sailed Nov 16— Chll ship Star of Italy, for
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 16— Chll ship
Star of Italy, from Tacoma.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 16— Schr Lena Sweasey
for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 16— Haw
stmr San Mateo. from San Pedro.
Arrived Nov 15— Stmr Brunswick, from Eu
reka: stmr Pasadena, from Eureka; stmr Stutn
Coast, from Eureka; stmr Ruth, from Tllla.
mook.  .
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Nov 16— Schr Marl*
E Smith, for San Pedro.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Nov 16— Snip
Wachsuett. from Unalaska.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 16— Bark Gatherer,
hence Oct 30. _ _
EXREKA— Arrived Nov 16— Stmr Pomona,
hence Nov IB; bark Uncle John, from San Pc-
Salled Nov 16— Sfmr North Fork, for Baa
Francisco; stmr Lacuna, for San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed Nov 16— Br ship Nor
ma. from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov IS— Bcnr
Sailor Boy. hence Nov 2. o«,,*w
REDONDO— Arrived Nov 16— Stmr Souttt
Const, from San Pedro. . _,__
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Nov 16— Stmr
Alcazar, hence Nov 15.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Cleared Nov IS-Ship Oeorf*
Stetson, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HlLO— Sailed Nov 6— Haw bark Santiago, for
San Francisco. . . _.„
NANAlMO— Arrived Nov 14— Haw ship Will«
cott, hence Oct 20.
SYDNEY— Arrived Oct 11— Bark McNear. rrm
Chemainus.
PORT ADELAIDE— Arrived Oct 80— Bark
Carondelet, from Port Ludlow.
HONOLULU— CIeared Nov 9— Br •hip Gre
"mahUKONA- Arrived Nov I— Schr Defender,
KAHULUl— Arrived Nov 4— Schr Mildred, fm
Killlsnoo; schr Defender, from MahuKona.
KAlLUA— Arrived Nov 2— Schr Bangor. from
P HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 2— Br stmr Belgto.
from Yokohama. Nov 3-Bark Charles B Ken
ney, from Nanalmo; schr A M Baxter, from
Seattle; bktn Amelia, from Port Blakeley Nov
4-Bark C D Bryant, from Hllo; Br stmr Doric
hence Oct 29. Nov 6— Stmr Indiana, hence Oct
27- stmr Ohio, hence Oct 28: bktn S G Wilder,
hence Oct 21 Nov 6-Bktn S N Castle, hence
oTfs Nov 7-Stmr Zealandla. hence Oct 30;
V S stmr Bennington, from cruise. Nov 9—
c e n d r N l or2^ f hTp mm HH S e > n ( ry e^Ula r d for Port
Townsend; O S stmr Bennlngton. for cruise;
Haw bark Diamond Head, for Port Townsend.
Nov s— Bark Amy Turner, for San Francisco.
Nov 6-Schr Jessie Minor, for T Eureka^ Nov 7-
Stmr Ohio, for Manila. Nov 8-Brls :J D
Spreckels, for San Francisco. Nov 9— Schr
Okanogan. for Port Townsend.
FA LMOUTH— Arrived Nov 16— Br ship Clay-
NeVcASTLE, NSW— Sailed Sept 28— Br ship
Cardiganshire, for San Francisco. Oct I— Br
ship Republic, for Honolulu; Fr bark Jeanne
de Arc. for San Francisco. Oct B— Bktn Katie
Flickinger, for Honolulu. Oct 13--Br bark City
of Adelaide, for Honolulu; Br bark Woollhara,
for Honolulu. Oct 23— Haw ship Fort George,
for Honolulu. . .
SYDNEY— SaiIed Oct 17— Br ship Cromdale.
for San Francisco. .._.«.
NEWCASTLE. NSW-In port Oct 24— Br bark
Birkrtale. for San Francisco; Br bark Brussels.
for San Francisco; Br bark Dominion, for Hon
olulu: Haw ship Hawaiian Isles, for Honolulu;
Br ship Leicester Castle, for San Francisco;
! Nor ship Hercules, for Honolulu; bark Hesper.
for Honolulu; bark Oregon, for Honolulu; bark
Snow and Burgess, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— In port Oct 24— Br ship Crown of
India for San Francisco; Br bark Darra. f.r
San Diego, via Newcastle. NSW; bark McNe.ir.
for Honolulu, via Newcastle, NSW ; ship M F
Grace, for San Francisco. , _
Charterer! to load at Newcastle, NSW— Br
Br bark Adderley, for Honolulu; Br ship Ama
bark Aberyswith Castle, for San Francisco:
zon for Fan Francisco; Br ship Andreta, for
San Francisco: Br ship Brenda, for San Fran
cisco; Br bark Cardigan Castle, for San Fran
cisco; bark Carondelet. for San Francisco; schr
Carrier Dove, for Honolulu: Br ship Centes-
Ima, for San Francisco; Br bark Darra, for San
Diego; schr Defiance, for Honolulu; bark Gen
Fairchlld. for San Francisco: Br ship General
Roberts, for San Francisco: bktn George C
Perkins, for Honolulu; schr Golden Shore, for
Honolulu; schr Honlpu. for Kahulul: Haw schr
Honolulu, for Honolulu; Br ship Howth. for
San Francisco; Br bark lnvernelll. for San
Francisco; bktn Jane L Stanford, for Honolulu:
ship John C Potter, for Honolulu: Haw ship
John Ena. for San Francisco; schr Lizzie Vance
for San Francisco: Fr bark Marguerite Moli
nas, for Oregon; bark McNear. for Honolulu;
schr Metha Nelson, for Kahulul : schr MurlW,
for Honolulu: bark Prussia, for San Francisco;
bark Semfr.ole, for San Francisco: bark Sonoma
for San Francisco; Chll ship Star of Bengal, for
San Francisco: schr W H Talbot. for Honolulu.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. I
Lw'/c.i ' Steamers leave. Broadway
fjpi, t , wharf. San Francisco:
HMMk ..-.■•- For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
MB^k Nov. 2 7. 12 17. 22. 27, Dec. 3
ESk flEnKa transfer at Seattle. . "
HSfcSt jml For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
BrajKp'i'nTTii c ) Port Townsend, - Seattle,
r^^Vjß^BA Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
"^8(^1 and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10
;'.-=..'"; a. m.. Nov.. 2, 7. 12. 17, 22. 27,
Dec 2 and every fifth day thereafter, trans-
fer at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry., at Tacoma o N. P.
Ry . at Vancouver to C. P. Ry- ■ ■ • ■
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Nor.
5, 10, 15. 20, 25, 30, Dec. 5 and every, fifth day
th For af Santa , Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., Nov. 1. 5, 9. 13. 17. 21. 20, 29.
Dec. 3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
E5 Angeles Yf£^s?its2Pi an**
*7S £S2n h .& y M h a c g r red ce a a ,f e a Bay .£*>«»*«
a^GSr(M A e^)% L t P ": l^fe^ry
m further information obtain folder. "
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ai *I h oiuET omOB -4 New Montgomery .
8t GOODALU e PERKiNS * CO.. Gen. Agt,..
uwua^u. io Market St., San Francisco.
"~ mo. r. &n. Co.
- DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
IP O R. TL .A. 2STID
' From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE fl2 First Class Including Berth* „
rAnt $8 Second Class and Meals. -,
George W. Elder sails Nov. 3, 12, 21, 30.
Columbia sails Nov. 6. 15, 24. Dec. 1.
Stats of California sails Nov. 9. 18. 27. Dec •.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the , Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. • '
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
■ 630 Market street.
GOOD PERKINS & CO.,
■ Superintendents.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique-
- r 9 (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS >££*»
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <SLjE£O
at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North •»»«»
River, foot of Morton street.
LA BRETAGNE...... — Nov. M
LA TOURAINE...... • — Dec- ,2
LA GASCOGNE.:.- Dec- 10
LA CHAMPAGNE ... — • Dec. 17
T A 8RETAGNE. .;............ Dec. 24
First-class jto Havre »90 and upward. 6 . per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre $43 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 1 3 Bowling Green, New Yori.
J F FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco. '■ -
|f« AHIfl :S ; S - AUSTRALIA
Jft||l|l|,sail9 for Honolulu
Bfjfe>TOa S™ " w Wednesday. December
SfJ flSa I*. at 2 p. m.
m vismGur X>*\ The s - 8 - moana
SjMinSn D & ' 9aUs vla Honolulu and
.^g^GflWnUIIlK Auckland for Sydney
COfDO3ltH* Wednesda y. November
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa. :*■-•.-,—- •
-J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO., Agents,
;i ■■■.■'■• .:.-.- 114 Montgomery st.
-■ Freight office— 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAJ£BRBI -
Toi i JT^ymaSThd vallejou
- Steamer "Monticeilo." f
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat .
0:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays i;":r.. ..'..;. ..1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ... -..."....■..:.. 10:30 a. m. and 3 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, ; Pier v 4. ;
■ ,' -< ■ ■■ '■ ■'.■:- ,; Telephone Main 1508. - - - ■- ■ •
TAKE THE [j BOAT TO SAN JOSE
Dally at 10 a. m. From San Jose dally at »:»
p. .m. : . Steamer Alvtso. : Clay-street wharf. Far«
to San Jose. 36c; round trip. 60c. Delightful
bay : excursion*. ,^^ Telephone Main 1350.:ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FIGHT OVER
BRIDGE BIDS
HAS ENDED
Schmidt's Company Is
Not in Favor.
REJECTED BY SUPERVISORS
COTTON BBOTHEBS LIKELY TO
GET THE BIG CONTRACT.
The Discarded Bid Was the Lowest
'by Nearly Five Thousand
Dollars — Otner
Figures.
Oakland OSc« San Fr^ncipco Call,
Nov. 14.
At this nomin^a session of the Board
d Supervisors the Behmtdt Construction
Company withdrew from the contest for
the privilege of erecting the new steel
drawbridge for the county.
It was understcx^d that tha construction
company would this morning produce Its
books " and prove its standing beyond
doubt, but instead their attorney stated
that with all due- respect to the Board of
Supervisors the Schmidt Construction
Company authorized him to state that
it considered it. hau made a creditable
shirwtng both as to the responsibility of
the company as well as to tt3 ability to
build the bridge. The company declined
to offer any more testimony in the mat
ter and added that it was a matter of in
difference whether the boaru awarded, it
the contract or rejected Its bid.
Supervisor Roeth moved that the bid of
the Schmidt Company be rejected. Mr.
"Wells waited all bids rejected, but
Hceth's motion prevailed. Wells alone
cpt>osimsr it-
It la r_ow practically certain that when
the board meets to-morrow morning it
will award the contract to Cotton Bros.
for $:>2^l<>. The bid of Schmidt Is for
$S7T<). Other bids are: San Francisco
3ride» Company, $57,547; James McMahon.
J57.3-:5; 'Pacific Construction Company,
3CSS7.
JORDAN'S MAJORITY
HAS BEEN INCREASED
7ZZ RBCOUVT rAXLED TO TTFT.P
STODDASD.
iro Material Changes in the Beturas
From tie Xe-wspaper Bureau
Figures Totals To-Day.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Nov. Id.
The official recount of the returns of
the election in Aianieda County was com
pleted by the Supervisors this afternoon,
but the -totals will not be figured up till
to-morrow. They do net change any of
tit— newspaper bureau's figures except on
sonre county officers who were very class
-. sfi.
The- count 'roast eagerly watched was
rfcat of County Clerk., as it was loudly
proclaimed by the fasionists. who claimed j
to have watched every precinct, that the
official count would help their candidate,
!&. C. StcwMard. The result was a sur
prise, biit it was in favor of Frank Jor
datt*-whose majority was Increased nearly
■>.<■> ■ The flz-ures are:
First .."...V.-.. C* . *W I
E-coad "Ward .r.: T>T 5*3
Third Ward' ?■'- J2*
Fourth. Ward •» fa*
FKtlt VTari : -. 6« 453
SUthtVard *»1 £2
Sevectfc. W&rf T*7 S7?
\laxn-*<ia To-nrnship -.-. 1.2--< 1.-S5 :
BrocklTß- : TcwT3a!p =<» -«*>
EJ»a ToTmshJp- «>fi2 . «9<? j
■Was&lagtoa ToirnaMp ■-- 453
Berkeley Townahip : ■■■ vx.
Oakla=<i Township „ ~ : '.l ©53 I
Murray Township E» _ . 540
Totals 13^983 5.4T3
. J~ri3.r.'s majority 80S
The majority, of J. R- Taicott ever C. W.
Herer for Supervisor Is 2*3~ That of
Church-we* Glascock i» US.
DESZP.TZD SPOUSZS
Tnree Divorces Granted by Judge
Ogden in Shcrt Order.
OAKLAND, Nov. 13.— Superior Judge
Oirden to-day granted three divorces.
Susie L." Wilkie was granted a decree cf
separation from David WUkfe on the
ground of desertion. The custody cf the
three minor children is awarded to plain
ti".* and for her and their support the
monthly alimony is fixed at SSSL
A ---..- also granted to Julia
Kent from Philip Kent on the same
grounds, with alimony at 550. per. month.
The parties were married at Topeka,
Kans.. In January. SS2- PUinur" 1 is award
ed csssody of the minor child.
John A. Carbone was granted a divorce
from Marguerite ! B. Car'cone en the
ground of willful desertion.
Alicv A/'l»ring to-day commenced di
vorce proceedings against William E.
Loring.
In the divorce suit of Josie M. Sears
against antos« J. Sears, default was en
tered to-day, defendant failing to appear
or answer.
GAGE WAS ABSiNT.
A:-ndance at the Exposition Is
Daily Increasing.
OAKLAND. Nov. 16.— The Oakland Ex
position is now complete and the daily
attendance is increasing. Last night waa
WANT A STATE
SABBATH LAW
Prominent JDivines Issue a
Card for a Covention to
Assemble in Oakland.
f\ AKIAND, Nov. Li— Some of the leading ministers and other
I I citizens ot Oakland have of the a call for a public meeting in be
have issued a call for a public meeting in be
*—' half of Sabbath observance and for the organization of an Ala
meda County association "whose first and principal object shall be
to- secure from the next Legislature either the re-enactment of the
former State Sabbath law or the passage of a ne*v and better one."
The convention -will meet at the Fir;-" Methodist Episcopal Church
Dr. Dille's) on Friday. A preliminary meeting will be held at 3
o'clock p. m. for the transaction of business and organization. At
:he public meeting at 7:30 o'clock addresses -will be delivered by E. R.
Bennett of East Oakland, Rev. John A. B. Wilson of San Francisco
md oerhaos others. By order of the committee.
to have been •"Governor's night," but
Manager Gray announced from the stage
that Governor-elect Gage could not at
tend but promised to be present some
nisht before the exposition closed.
One of the features of the Exposition Is
the art gallery. Among those exhibiting
are Kate Stoer, H. D. Gnmke. Louise
M. Carpenter. Miss Effle Evans and sev
eral local artists.
This evening the Scotch societies turned
out in force and the concert programme
was under the auspices of. the Caleaon-
a To-morTOw will be Irish day. and there
will also tv? health lectures by nurses,
nhv^icians and members of the Board of
Heklth. The exhibit of the Board of
Health attracts great interest, everybody
«<?emineiy being interested in the study
of ~ the "bacteria and other things which
they unconsciously eat with their daily
food.
LYNN'S EXAMINATION.
| The Wife Relates the Story of How
Her Husband Shot Her
Five Times.
OAKLAND, «Nov. 15.— The preliminary
examination of John V.". Lyrtn. charged
with assault to murder his wife, was com
i tnenced in the Police Court to-<±ay. Mrs.
[ Martha Lynn, the wife, was the' first wit
i ness. She recited the details of the shoot-
ing, which occurred seven months ago,
when, she had refused to live with her
husband any longer. Defendant had shot
at her five times, four bullets taking ef
fect. She had not lived with her husband
for two years prior to the shooting.
W. J. Rcxeth, brother-in-law of Lynn,
proved a damaging witness. He testified
that two nights " prior to the shooting
Lynn called on him and stated that he
was In trouble with his wife; Lynn had
intimated that something was about to
happen, and the witness thought he con
templated suicide. On redirect examina
tion the witness said Lynn had remarked
about severai cases of which he had heard
in the East in which men had avoided
trouble by feigning insanity.
The hearing will probably be concluded
to-morrow; insanity is the defense, and
a. large number of witnesses will testify
as experts.
CAUGHT BY A SHAFT.
Norman de Jomdt Has a Narrow
Escape From Death.
OAKLAND. Nov. 13.— Norman deJorndt,
residing at 415 Fifteenth street! tad a
verr narrow escape from being hurled Into
eternity ' to-day. De Jorcdt is employed
at Burnhain & Standeford's planing' mill
at the foot of Washington street, and
while at work this afternoon the sleeve
of his right arm. was caught by a shaft.
In an instant his body was lifted from
the ground and his bead struck violently
against the low ceiling. Fortunately the
shaft had not secured sufficient hold on
his body to hurt it clear around before
his cries for help were heard, and the
machinery was quickly stoppled. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where It
was found that his injuries consisted of
a badly lacerated arm, but no bones were
broken. Dr. Keating dressed his wounds.
Aegis' New StafL
OAKLAND. Nov. IS.— The semi-annual !
election cf or^cers for the Aegis, the pa- }
per published by the students of the Ou; ;
iand Hl*h school, was held this after
noon and resulted in a victory for the !
candidates of the non-fraternity party as :
follows: Editor, Walter Burpee; first a*- j
sociate, Rey McCargar; second. Jack
Irish; third, Jacqueline Moae: fourth,
Helen Winchester; business manager, '•
Seymour Pheian; president of company. |
Anthony Cadogun; vice president. W alter ;
Evans; secretary. Ralph Suinner: treas
oxer, StmUMT Smith- Since the fraternity
men recently voted in favor of accepting
the present editor's resignation and so j
creating a faculty censorship over the pa
per the result cf the present election, to- ;
g-ether with the refusal of the stockhoid- j
ers of the Aegis Publishing Company to
accept the resignation, is taken as an ap- '
P'-ovaZ o* the editor's course in oSce arid :
a' dteappnjTsl of faculty censorship over
die students' paper.
Beliance Boxirg Nigiit.
0 1KLAND. Nov. IS.— Next Thursday i
ris-hrthe Reliance ~Cltf&"wHrTiot(T 'a "Tfex- \
tax night. Two fine matches have been
made. The first go will be for eight ;
rounds between George Gates of Alameda :
and ExsiL Dahi of San Francisco: weight ;
13>i nonnds. The main event will be be- >
tween Arthur Walker of Australia. ]
"Tommy Tracy's sparring partner." and
9J NleQ of San Francisco. The pair will !
! w^'gh in at 130 pounds at the ringside. :
I This event will be for ten rounds. Both ;
men are well known and it is expected to
! be one cf the best goes ever seen in Oak
i land.
Father King's Text.
OAKLAND. Nov. 15.— Father King's fair
lat St. Mary's Hall has been drawing
large ! throngs nightly, and to-morrow
nignt -will be one of the most attractive.
The teachers and scholars of the Irish
danclnsr school of the Irish Fair—O'Con
nor axfd Keller. Professor W. W. Chap
man. Pearl Hlckman. Misses Kavanaugh
of San Francisco and others who danced
at that fair will be there. The music will
be furnished by Professors McCarthy and
i McMahon of San Francisco and WUIIam
; Cahni of this city. Little Myra Coffee
will do some fancy dances.
Daniel S-wett's Estfte.
OAKLAND. Nov. 15.— E. B. Bullock, E.
D Judd and William Ntcol have apprais
ed the estate of Daniel Swett. who died
at his home on Bay Farm Island several
months- ago, at •"Of this 17012 43
i« on deposit in the Donohoe Bnak. ban
• Francisco, and Oakland Bank cf Savings.
i while $27.'#> is tbe value placed on the
; property at the corner of Fifth and Foi
som streets, San Francisco-.'
. Miners' Annual Session.
OAKLAND. Nov. la.— The Alameda
County Miners* Association will hold .Its
J annual session at the City Hall to-morrow
[ night, when new officers and delegates to
the State Convention, fo be held fn Sah
Francisco next week, will be elected.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. Nov. 16.— Henry Kragh. re
! siding at 5*51 Sixth street, was thrown .
j from a grocery wagon to-day and sustain
; ed a compound fracture of the right leg
! below the knee. • - !
Attorney A. A. Moore Jr.. the newly ap-
I pointed Police Judge, filed his official bond
1 in the sum of $2000 to-day with Dr. J. P.
j Dunn and James Butlvr as sureties.
The following election expense, accounts \
I were filed to-day: G. L. Nusbaamer. !
I County Surveyor. ISS; S. B. Vandervoort,
| Constable of Washington Township, Sl2;
i Joe Roderick, Constable cf the same j
j township. $17; G. S. Fitzgerald. Constable !
1 at Livermcre. $lt: S. Sandholt. Justice of i
i the Peace of Washington Township. OS 50; j
J. H, Taylor, Justice of the Peace of Ltv- j
ermore, $T.
Capital Thanksgiving Stories by
prominent writers, in next Sunday's
Call.
J K. McLEAK,
E. R. DILLE,
N. R- JOHNSTON,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER IT, 1598.
LEGISLATORS
ARE ALREADY
PLANNING WORK
To Meet in Caucus
Next Tuesday.
SENATOR LEAVITT'S BILLS
SEEKS TO CREATE A HARBOR
BOAR.D FOR OAKLAND.
State Fair Wanted for Alameca
County — Howard . Wright
Said to Be a
Winner.
Oak". :-. ■ Bui Francisco Call,
- • 3roadwa.y. Nov. 18
The Alameda Legislative delegation is
already preparing 1 its work for the com
ing session. The delegation consists at
Senator P. S. Stratton, ITmialiiri ihirt
Frank W. Leavitt and E. _X- Taylor, As
semblyman Howard E. Wright, Assem
blymen-elect John A. Bliss. A. A. lie-
Keen, Joseph Keller. J. r. Knowland
and WBiiaro McDonald, all of whom are
Republicans.
Next Tuesday the delegation will hold
a caucus and ■■-.'.'. take up many matters
of legislative and local Importance. The
county delegation expect? to have the
naming of the chief clerk and ma;- pos
sibly try to name the -- - t - 1 1 -.inn.s.
There is, of course, much other patron
age to be given out, bat this will form
the least important part of the work of
the delegation tn caucus.
One of the most important measures to
this city will be introduced by Senator
Frank Leavitt. It is a bill for the crea
tion of a Board of Harbor Commissioners
to take charge of th* property awarded
the State by the Supreme Court in Oak
land's harbor.
A bill of this nature waa Introduced by
Mr. Leavitt in the Assembly two years
ago, bat owing to a misapprehension of
its import on the part of many prominent
Oaklandera it was withdrawn. Since that
time matters have considerably changed.
and "Mr. Lea vice's bill will be the nrst
step toward the progress that ip Oak
land's right if her harbor be but Im
proved, in connection with this bill Sen
ator Leavitt will introduce another bill
appropriating $250,000 for the 1111,11 11 1 1 lit
of the harbor. This is not for dredging
the harbor, which duty devolves upon the
national Government, but for the con
struction of wharves and such other im
provements as may come within the
jurisdiction of a. State Board of Harbor
Commissioners.
In view of the decision the Supreme
Court regarding the water front, it is not
likely there will be any opposition to
these bills, because the arguments that
will be made by the Alameda delegation
will be convincing and forcsfuL
Another measure-, which the delegation
fs being prevailed Con to handle Is a bill
for the bringing of the State Fair to Oak
land. An attempt was made two years
ago to bring about the enange. but It
wa3 not undertaken till too late In the
session to. accomplish anything. - Special
Inducement* will be made by this city to
impress the Legislature with the 'act
that Oakland Is the b«r»t place In which
to hold the State Fair.
Senator Stratton will most probably
be elected chairman cf the Alameda dele
gation. Assemblyman Howard E. Wright
is regarded in this count— as a sure win
ner for the Speakershlp of the Assembly,
which honor will naturally add to the in
fluence of the Aaameda delegation at Sac
ramento.
There are a few commercial bills which
have been prepared by the Board of
Trade and Merchants' Exchange, which
will also be Introduced. But the delega
tion has already decided that it will not
take up to the capital a lot of trivial
bills which would ■--•-.-:;- be killed In
committee, and which would on.lv add
unnecessarily to the labors of the Legis
lature.
CREDITORS CLOSE AN
ALAMEDA COURT
SHEBJJri'S LOCK ON JUDGE
HABITS TZ3CPLE OF JUSTICE.
His Official Paraphernalia and Office
Fumirare Under an Attachment.
Besult of Defeat.
AT.AMEDA. Not. 16.— A SherifTs lock
adorns the front door of one of Alameda
Township's temples of justice. Justice
D. T. Hard's court is under attachment
in a suit brought by ex- Justice G. A.
Swasey against Hard and George Bab
cock. Court Commissioner of the Superior
Court. Th» suit was hastened by the re
sult of the late election, which was dis
astrous to Justice Hard, who ran as an In
dependent candidate for the Justiceship
to succeed himself.
Judge Bin resigned his office last f
May. on account of ill health and lack of |
business. D. T. Hard was appointed by I
the SuperviMrs to fill the unexpired term. I
Swasey owned the office furniture, which |
Included the rostrum, a table with a
broken leg, a bench for juries, a couple
at rickety chairs and other official para- j
phernalia. He sold the outfit to Hard ;
for $40. receiving $20 In cash and the bal- j
ance in a note indorsed bytJabeock. . I
Swa ■ states that he has bee n unable i
to catch even a glimpse of Hard since
election, and concluded to clog the wheel*
of justice in Hard's court g*n. t _e I
money due him. The suit was filed late j
this afternoon in Recorder St. cure's
court,, and Constable Gray at once stopp«?d !
legal proceedings in Hard's temple of i
justice by taking possession of the furai- !
tufe-and putting a padlock on the front j
door. This is the first time in history that j
a Justice Court has been closed fay its \
creditors.
—• » ■
Will Celebrate Their Victory.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 15.— City Attorney
Taylor, Senator-elect from this district,
will entertain all the candidates who were
on the Republican county ticket uext Sat
urday aboard bis yacht, the Emerald.
Invitations have been sent out requesting
the' candidates to assemble at the Enctnal
Boat Club Saturday afternoon at 1
o'clock. The party will start from there
for a cruise about the bay. where, far
beyond the reach of the place-hunter,
they will have a day of peace and pleas
ure. Both victorious and defeated" candi
dates have been invited, but the party Is
limited to true-blue Republicans. Mr.
Taylor avows that if an independent or !
a Democrat should be found stowed away
he will be thrown overboard without cere
mony. The yacht is now moored to the
Encinal Club wharf, and is talcing aboard
a cargo of liquid supplies for the trip.
Changes in Alameda'a School Board.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 18.— J. E. Baker, cash
ier of the Bank of Al&meda. has been
appointed a member of the Board of Edu
cation, vie* W. A. L. Knowies. whose res
ignation was presented at last night's
cession. Mr Baker was a School Trustee
many years ago. There was a lively con
test over, the appointment or a Janitor for
the Longfellow School. to succeed Everett ,
Ames. Ames was a mem of the G. A. :
R-. and the veterans made. a determined
fight to get another of tneir number in
the position. The board ignored their
pleas and appointed H. C. Ballheimer, a
life-long Democrat-., - ;
Scared With Yeast Cakes.
I ALAMEDA, Nov. IS.— Mrs. Charles
Evans took a tin box to the City Electric
Light Works last night and told the men
In charge that it contained ■ dynamite.
She said it had been knocking . about her
house for some time, and she was afraid
the children might get hold of It and hurt
themselves. With the Bay Farm Island
dynamite story still fresh in their minds.
the city employes were badly scared, and
handled the can with the greatest car«
It was discovered this morning that It
was filled with yeast cakes.
AN INSANE WHALES.
James L. Gray Threatens Bodily
Harm to Sam Short.
OAKLAND, Nov. 15.— As a result of be
ing Iced in on a whaling trip in th- Arc
tic. followed by s, bad fever, the mind of
James Luke Gray is a wreck. Gray re
sides at 1213 Eleventh street. He Is un
married and ag-ed 23 years, and returned
from Alaska quite recently, but ever
sfnee his experience in the frozen Arctic
his mental condition has been on the de
cline. »
During the past few days . Gray has
manifested violence. On one occasion he
threatened to cut oat the heart of Sam
Short, a fireman residing in East Oakland.
and to-day he started in chopping down
certain fences In the eastern part of the
city owned by the Southern Pacific Com
pany.
When H. P. Stuart took charge of the
insane man and turned him over to Con
stable Glaze. Gray said he had been com
manded by God to destroy the railroad's
erty.
He" wilt be examined by Drs. Bradley
and Childs to-morrow morning.
LOUTS ESTATE LITIGATION.
Mrs. Edouard Louis Makes Overtures
to Her Morher-in-Law for Ces
sation of Hostilities.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 16.— 1n an effort to
settle the litigation over the estate of the
late Edouard Louis. R. B. Tappan. attor
ney for the widow, will serve notice on
Mariane Louis, who contested decedent*3
will, offering to rev.. a contract which
the Superior Court, in the trial of the will
contest, pronounced void. Mariane Louis
was the mother of the deceased. T. no
tice recites that Louis in his lifetime ob
ligated himself in writing to pa his
mother $23 a month as a life support; that
while the widow is not legally bound to
carry out the contract she feel 3 morally
obligated to do so. The widow says she
has always been ready and willing to pay
the money, and Mariane Louis has re
fused to accept It. An offer of a renewal
df the contract is made, payments to date
from the time of Louis* death.
SATUSDAT POOTBALL.
Santa Clara College to Contest With
St. Mary's College on the
Gridiron.
OAKLAND, Nov. IS.— Next Saturday
the football teams of St. Mary's and
Santa Clara college? will play their an
nual game at Central Park, San Fran
cisco. -■■
The line-up of the teams will probably
be as follows:
St. Mary 1 •- Position! Santa Clara
McGtilre Center ; ......SUva.
3£.' E^jnough (C. > . . . R. GuaM L ilcKlnnon
BraJy I- Gu^-I R-- Gratani
R. Porter ?- Tackle L- Dcra.
A Porter I* Tackle R Garrarrl
Ma^ulre P- End L .^....XHiU
Butler I- :-:- 1 p. .... Ft3ae?aa
era Quarter C Conner
Welsh R. Half L....(Capt.) Coward
Huff L. Half R 0 *
Adaai Fullback McGee
Hynes to Be a Deputy.
OAKLAND. Nov. 16.— W. H. L. Hynes.
County Law Librarian, will be a deputy
under District Attorney elect Allen- . Mr.
Hynes Is a popular Native Son, bein^ at
present past president of ttedmont Par
lor and treasurer of the Acme Club. He
is a graduate of Hastinsrs Law College.
B«rkeiey News Notes.
BERKELEY, Nov. IS.— The - lents
and alumni of the Berkeley High School
are- arranging for a public dance to be
given in Berkeley next Friday evening-
Odd Fellows" Hall will be used for the
occasion, the committee In charge being 1
W. A. E. Woods and Martin iletcaif.
Mrs. H. 80-nre of West Berkeler died
this morning at her home on Sixth street.
rear Jones. The decea.*ed was £2 years
of age and had been an . invalid. Sot a
lonsr "ume." The funeral will be held to
morrow morning at 10:30 o'clock from St.
Joseph's Church, j
The freshman, and sophomore classes of
the University of California, will hold an
inrerclass debate next Monday evening
in Stiles Hall at S o'clock. The subject
of discussion will be: Resolved, that tike
people of California should adopt the
system of initiative and referendum in
State legislation.
Died in Annapolis.
BERKELEY Nov. 15,— Frank H- Con
ant, a former resident of Berkeley, is
dead. The news reached here to-day in a
teiejrram from Washington. D. sen:
by Secretary Crownlnshield of the Bu
reau of Navigation. According to the
cabfe dispatch. Frank Conant passed
away mi this afternoon at Annapolis.
the cause of death being pneumonia. The
deceased left here several years ago for
Annapolis, where he was employed as an
engineer in the Government service.
HOTEL ARRIYAXS.
.VKW WGBTSBX I
OMI Tim M j Vatlejo T C Rothbrook 4f . Or
V Aczlni. ■.i--'. I W Jordan. Seattle
J Mynsted * w-. Mo D Burns. Tmec-m*
8 Harrises A f . Cal W Bro-wra A v Cal
D Jones, VacaTtlle C Stoits. Honolulu
J 3 Eddy. Vacavtlle **" Kelly. Port I ami
C B Bu?be«, S Pedro P Hemp«!i.- Sydney
T H O'Brien, L Ans IT A Twia«m. Sydney
F Kans»n Cai |E CK»Uy. Sydn<»x
A E Hardla, Stockton IW E Wtite. N' 5 W
J O Hales& •-. Or i .......
BALDWIN HOTEL.
B J Mm Ch!ea«o J " Hall, X T
X Martin * w. X T J Curten. 3 Barbara
G >I-rpr. •■-. NT - - S Jos*
\ Morrlser 4 * N" T W T James, . S Jose
H J Drake Alcatrax J Carroli I W. S J<M«
J C Garaa.s*. Omata D S Scott. Ho
J E mnmlT L An* Mrs Cochran, 3utte
j F MeKee. CSacinnatl A H Bailey. Cleveland
N' "Win*s. S Barbara D U»T, Cal
C J Eddy * ft, P— -.i M Lesser. X T
J S 'lure, Boston CP. Hal:-?--, X T
W Ketchara. -■'-'■ ""• Chlcajra
C Jamison *«\ Cal Bit P-obinson. «rhica«o
A M EMti Onn [j D Dtiwaoa, Chicago
11:53 Adams, Seattle •
*$•&. . PALACE HOTEL.
J S Chapman, VTla ,J P. Br&dy. S DI-»so
Mrs nan, Wii iP W M r"~r "~ Cal
J D Bennett. L An* . ! B Q F F:-«3. Boston
E T Ear! L An* IF H Back, Vacavtlle
Mr. Earl, L Anj jMrs Buck. Tacavllle
H C Stahl, BeUevue ; L Heckhaw, N i
Mrs StafiL B^lleTße |W M Sims, Sacto
L B K*rr. Hotohxlu |D Melons. Cal , ,
F W Low Chicago fDr Gao<lhu«. Honolulu
C H AWwtt. Oakland J. W Knox, M-r
T A QulnUa, Cfelcasa'irrs Knox. Mercea !
M J Dubc, Chicago L A Cran». . N I
J Oestereichs. NT C C Berg L An« -
L H»nhaus«r. NT B Marx, 3 Job*
H Eilors, Cnicayo I C FU*ert. Staniorf
« E Smith. Seattle fW W Ctwpla. Sacto
J W Sparks. Reno IF Bines. Spokane
' - M J Davis, XeT J A \eatch. OrovUl*
GRAND HOTEL.
H Thorp. Saeto Mrs W'A Trofton. Cal
C Coarad. Sacto 111 1 L Alexander. Cal
>!'■= A3 i- ■* NT iTR Adams, Oakland
L Hrtlbron. Sacto . Miss J Hayes. C^om
A H Wright. StocJttoa Miss R Hare*. Cotamm.
R £ Brown. Petatuina |J P- "Williams. X X
F Paul »*b«topoi X C Cohen, St Loafs
G H A^iersoa. S Jose G A Richards, -Tulars
J Ma^tlck, S Mm |Dr Sliaooa. France
F Dekum Portland I F V • mas. Australia
J Churchill 4w. Cmi M B*ock»Uß, Australia
FP Priinin,-Re<idliur iJ Btumden * w Cat .
W G Stanl-y & w, Mo J I. J-3«etrß. ilaas
J H Ru«eii. L An* (F B fattw. Cal
A M Jtm«Bon * ■». Cal • C Jnliwitnn Cal
I M Day. Seattle ! H T Carrel, Sacto
Mrs F P atrock &3. H M Baron &w. Cat
p* JL Matthews. Cal
J W Bailey, Moat Mrs Hartley. Oakland
J A Gowan &w. raJ B F Hart. Boston:
A J Gowan Cal A J Detain & w, Cal
J H Aakrom *w. O J M M-Ofr.^ Seattle
V M Gr-«ver. Cal M St Sore. La
Mrs R Harklnson. Cal s •
So Young and in the Guard Hou3«.
Thomas Dowd, an IS-year-old private of
the California Heavy Artillery, was
brought into United States District Judge
De Haven's court yesterday on a writ of
hab-as corpus. It being- alleged that he
bad enlisted without the consent of his
parents. It was explained that the boy
had been court martialed ' for overstaying
by three days a leave of absence,.. ana
was serving a thirty days' sentence In the
guard house- There being- some doubt as
to the Jurisdiction of the court in the
premises the matter was taken under ad
visement. - _ .' ' - "
Bank-Bcoks Not Taxable.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch has
been advised by the Commissioner of In
ternal Revenue that a receipt given to a
bank by a person to whom the bank . Is
indebted as a depositor or otherwise, or
for whom it holds funds." is- no more sub
ject to the war tax stamp than a receipt
given for any other debt or demand. --.■.■•:
JACK BONNET
WILL CONTINUE
AS TREASURER
The Rumor That He
Resigned False.
A DEFICIT IN PRIZE MONEY
BUI HULEN IS STILL A STAB.
BACK EAST.
Big Bill Lang«'s Base Bunning
Continues to Be the Wonder
of All B&seball
doxn.
By Joe Corbett.
The rumor that Jack Bonnet had made
up his mind to resign as treasurer of the
Pacific Coast League has turned out to
fc« false. II anything, Jack Is more In
terested than ever. At Monday night's
meeting he manifested an unusual amount
of Interest In discussing the prize money
which is to become the property of the
club fortunate enough to finish first In
the league race. I: appears that au± the
clubs have not contributed their share of
i this prize money in full, and Bonnet is
greatly chagrined over it. He is very de
sirous of having everything in ftrst-ciass
shape before the season closes, and those
clubs which are deficient should settle up
and ease the mind of Mr. Bonnet and also
of the players. "With all the money that
has been made this season, I cannot see
how any of the teams could complain
about keeping their promise regarding
this important" Issue. Of course, when a
manager lets a little thing- like -4 per
cent of each game run on for weeks it
adds up, and finally becomes quite a sum.
And then, as Is generally the case. big
payments are more difficult to make than
small ones. To prevent the amount be
coming- too large, I would ran for the
second time, that thi3 question, which
has caused some lime comment, §be
patched up. \i is so much nicer to know
that everything is done in accordance
with promise and agreement. This is
what Mr. Bonnet would like to see.
"Billy" Hulen, the popular Caiiforman,
1 has Just finished another successful sea
son with the Columbus team of the West
ern League. Though he did not finish
first in the fielding, he may be classed as
the best shortstop in the league, for In
i ail the other departments of the game he
I easily outclassed his opponents. Allen,
I who was with the Bostons In '37, is the
only shortstop who attained any ma
terial advantage over him in flelain?, but
In a!! other respects his average suffers
greatly when.' .compared with that of
Hulen was given a tria* by the Phila
delphia Club two years ago. but had the
misfortune to figure In a most serious
accident, in which two ribs were
broken. XT p to this time his work. wa3
superb, and much space was given him
by most of tne Eastern journals, M:; =-
fortune seemed to follow misfortune,
however, for his work lost its superbnesa.
owing to the results of the accident, and
as a consequence he was released- After
! a rest he began anew wit] the Columbus
Club last season, and from his record it
may b-e said that If given another chance
In the big league -c would remain there,
Mary" a great player has been handi
i capped like Homo and has some back
' "wonders," and "Bill." I teel. would do
likewise .- given the opportunity.
"Big" Bill Lan?»'3 excellent exhibition
of bcLse-nmninz at list Sunday's game at
Recreation Park Is still the wonder of the
baseball world, or rather of this, portion,
of baseballdom. Bill simply outdid him
self, for I must say that while I have
seen him run bases on many an occasion,
his late exhibition was the result of his
be=t efforts, and was. therefore, his finest
work. I trust the players who Dartici
pated in that game watched him closely.
No player could have given a more in
structive performance, and I dare say It
will be some time before the public --
; ceives another such treat. Lange-'a method
| of avoiding a baseman Is perfect.
Base-running does rot consist pimply In
; a mm being able to run" fast. It is in the
slide, as was demonstrated by Lange.
that the real art and science assert
themselves. Take every great base run
ner in the ' National League to-day and
you will find that they are expert sliders.
Some of them are pretty good runners
and some are very ordinary in this re
spect, yet they can ail slide perfectly,, and
it Is in this last attempt to pilfer a base
that the real issue presents Itself. Every
time Lange attempted to steal a base,
save once, the ball was there before him.
yet each time he succeeded in evading the
baseman. The slide did it. and this par
ticular slide should be practiced. In fact
there is but one way to make a slide
when the baseman has the ball, and it
may be executed by throwing the body
away from the bae and touching: it either
with, the hand or foot. With practice this
method becomes quite easy, and players
like Lange experience no more difficulty
In clinging to a base with their foot than
they d* with their hard. If Lange ha*
mastered this art others can Ac so, but it
requires practice, like everything else -in
baseball.
Lou Hardie came to bat in las- sun
day's game with a man on first and one
on second. The score at the time was 2
to I against his side, and the opposing
pitcher was simply Invincible. Lou. how
ever, instead of advancing these runners
by a bunt or sacrifice, did what a less
experienced amateur would do. tried, to
knock the ball fifteen miles. -The result
of his dream ended in a double play and
nearly a triple, and a chance to make a
good rally thrown away. I have expa
tiated on this point so many different
times that I really tire when touching It
again. However, when a man who has
played ball such a long time as Hardie
commits those offenses which belong to
the infant exclusively, it is high time to
call his attention to It. and to assure him
that it is time those who are supposed to
know something about the game lived up
to their reputation- Hardies stupidity
was inexcusable. If he cannot set a bet
ter example for the younger talent he
should retire. It Is to players like him
self that the young" element look for in
struction,'and if they are to receive such
stupid Instruction the game will never
improve. ■ _^^_____^____
MONITOR MAY BE
SLIGHTLY MODIFIED
THE AJLTEBATTONS WOULD BE
AN INCREASE IN SIZE*
No Official Notification Has Yet Been
<; Received by the Union Iron
Works in Regard to -^
Them-
No Information regarding 1 ; the changes
said to have been decided on by the Navy
Department's board of construction In the
building of the monitor "Wyoming;- for
which the Union Iron Works secured the
contract some time ago. has been received
at the office In this city. This was what
Irving M. Scott said 'to a Call representa
tive yesterday, when asked if such a
change was made.
Th? original plans as approved of and
bid upon by Henry Scott when in Wash
ington during the absence of -Irving -M-
Scott in Europe have been received in this
city, and upon these plans the vessel' will
be built unless the Secretary of the Navy
countermands the original order and calls
for a new bid upon the changed plans.
Toe news telegraphed from Washington
to the effect that the plans had been
changed with the object of adding to the
vessel's length and also providing for an i
additional turret and . greater coai-carry-
Ing capacity is net doubted at the office,
of the Union Iron Works In this city nor
la it considered of much significance", as |
■ the Scott 3 are prepared to build any
! class of vessels desired by the Navy Do.
j partment. The contract for the building
iof the Wyoming- is SST3.OOO. These figures
: are $5,000 more than what the Eastern
shipbuilders sret for constructing the Ar
! Kansas and Connecticut, and $30,000 more t
i than is to be given for the Florida. >»o
mention is made of any contemplated
change in the speed of the ships. The
twelve-knot schedule is retained, while |
I the carrying capacity ts said to be in
creased from 2TCO to *JOQ tons. This would
also increase the coal carrying capacity
from ?;o to *>} tons. " By the change men
tioned,- ten-inch guns would be substi
tuted for the.-twelve-fncht guns originally ,
intended to be carried.
■ The contemplated changes in "the con
struction of the four vessels provided ror
in . the contract will not exceed the orig
i inal appropriation. On the contrary, out
of the iS.'»}.£t» appropriation the con- !
tracts called for only |3.422.0». leaving ;
51,50<>.e00 to meet the alterations men
tinned..l
As regards the report that the .Navy
I Department had hesitated to accept the
torpedo-boat Farragut. because on 'her
■ trial trip she went a fraction ' below the '
' thirty-knot clip called for in her con
struction, Irving M. Scott 'ls in no wise
disconcerted. The Union Iron Work- has
received no information from the office of i
the Secretary of the Navy regarding the !
triai •rip. and until it does It will pay no
very great attention to reports from other
sources. The Farragut's builders are cer
. tain that the boat will come up to the
Government requirements it given another
trial, that is. if a second trial should be
J deemed necessary. j
BOABJ) OF TBJLDE EXHIBIT.
It Will Soon Be Opened in the New
Ferry Biiilding.
After practically existing for a year
without a home the California State
Board of Trade will soon be pertaar
Ideated again. Last January its flue ex
hibit was moved from the old quarters on
Post street ta tse ilecnanlca' Pavilion,
where it formed part of the display of
the mining' fair. At the time of moving
there was an understanding 1 with the ■-
Harbor Commissioners that stiitable
Quarters would be fixed up for the exhibit
in the new depot soon after the mining
fair closed. However, the weeks dragged
into months, aid it ha_3 been but recently j
that Manager J. A. Filcher has been able i
to mo - : - exhibits "from the Pavilion to
the new rooms in the ferry building. The
lasx of the' tot had been taken from the
Pavilion and the office in. that building
has been closed. . L' ■ -
It will be about a week before the new
quarters will be thrown open to tha pub
no. Considerable new material will be
aided to the exhibit and in. addition. to
the natural products - many California
manufactured ■ articles will be shown. ;
When complete it is believed that It will
be the finest exhibit ever made by one
State. It is sure to attract much atten
tion, especially from those people coming
into the city from the East, as they will
have to pa - • close to the new quarters.
ADVERTISEMENTS, j
HFl_P^'^^ A bß^.*" ■ A. NOH*
WHERE M '^gjSi^ \IKTOX-
A veritable Klondike-
CBnc*cca«4 Msit-nounshcnent for Nursing
Mctfiers, whose w«ik. nervous, overtaxed
systems are incapable of producing pure
-nourishing trufic-fcr tfte -acvis.
Mother* who drmK it datfy d'jrrj nursing
peraxJ will afways lave «u«fler.i food fcr
baby end enjoy good heafta ttvirseivts.
- a-. . i i -3
\al.Blatz brewing Co.
- MILWAUKEE,USA.
Louis Cahen & Son, Vhoiesak
! Dealers, 416-413 Sacramento Street*
s San Francisco. _ ;
y^^L Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J&*^^*J*3 620 KEA3ST >T. Escabilsn.-J
■nr^H ta I!U4 for tte treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(i'2s kEIHXT VT. Established
■ l<O-t :' In liflßWin 1 f Pnrate
*iWff nrffflrff < J !s *a s * wearlssor- bodyand mlnd»ml
OBHHHqm Skin Bi**aa«-s. Ite doctor cures when
otb«n lafl Try him. Charges low
Carf«tusrani<fd. Callorwrit«.
S>r. J- £'. t»IK.tSUSi- Box jaSI.-aa P iim iMil
BJLTLEO AD TBAVSL.
CALffORMA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LE3S3EE
US FBAICISOO AID NORTH PACIFY
RAILWAY COMPANY.
THium F—il, ¥m* mi Mexkss Si
san FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7Jfc SnW, U:iM a. m.; 12 35,
3 JO. 5:10. «^op. m. Thvir*iays — trip
at U.jO p. at. Saturdays— Extra trijis at l»l
»nd U.jO p. in.
StrST>ATS— iSH. 3:30, 11^0 a. SB.; 1:M. 1:30.
5:00. 3:48 p. m.
S.O. RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO*
WEEK DATS— 4-.IJ. T:v>. I ■ U:l9 a. m.: 12:«
J:4a. 3:10 p. m. SatanJays— Extra, trl2» a£
1 55 and 8:33-p_ m. ' ; .
STJXDATS— S:Ii». *^«>. n:I» a. B. : 1:«. 3:«.
S:UG. 8:23 p. m. ' " • . ■ -~-
-Betw»«a Saa Francisco and Bch!iet«B Park
■arse scnedals as above. ' '■
. . Leave f Arrive
San Francisco. , In HSect San Francisco.
1 October 18. '
Week ; Sun- I IS3B. ' Sun- I Week
Days. ( days, j r*stiaation. daya. | Days.
idDta SKiOam N -5.;- H M araf !:«in
3:3Opii: J.3oanj ! Petal : 4:^)pniH):3s 12
i:oSpm ; i.*pm Santa Rosa. T.iopm iJlpm
Fulton,
I:* am "Windsor, • 10:33 an
■IMaqi
Lytton.
'"*i" : #,-::.■.'; ! Geyservllle.
3:$>FS ?*arn Clcverdals. 7:36pm «:J3pni
;
Bopland and
7:3o am g^Oam; Uk-.ih. . ■ I^sp=i «:23pci
; JO am £>:£S am
S^Oazn Ou«ra«wtile. 7:33 pis
330 ps: j • t. " •■ ' «:23jjm
7JO am !-»am : Sonctca D:4l %m S.Mtm
• and
5:10 pm s*opmj Glen EUea. 8:10 pm J.-Stpa
;iir I in 1 SetsaatapoL '10:*)arn'i»^ am
»:30j!H s^f}pm : 7.15 pea; t^»p«
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mars West
Sprtnirs: at" Lytton for Lytton Springs: at G»y-
lerville for Skaggs Springs; at Ooverdala for
the Geysers; at Hcpian<i for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, KetaeyrUls. Carlsbad
ccrtass. Eoda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlet
Springs; at Uktall far Vtchy Springs. Saratoga
Bprtega. Blu« Lakes. Lajr«l Dell- Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pcnio. Potter Valley,
Joan Day"». Riverside. Lierfeyts. Bacfcneirs.
B«BkCdriii Keigfcta. • HoUriUe. Boonevffie. Orr'
Hot Springs. Mendoctno City, r Fort Brags.
Westport. Usai. Wilinta. LajrtonTlUi*. Cum
dug' a, BeU's Springs. Harris, Oisen i. Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. •
Saturday to "Monday - round trip tickets at
reduced rates. ■ - .
Oa Sunday* round trip- tickets to an potnt»
beyond San Rafael at naif rates.
Ticket -Offices. CO Market «t., Cnroalcls bid*.
H C. WHITIXG, K. X. RTAX.
General Manager. - Qea. Faaa. Ag»ct.
TH£ SAI FHAHCfSCO AID SAI JQAQUIJ
VALLEY lAILWAY COMPANY.
From >.■_. Ifr. ISjs. tratni ■»... run as follows:
South-bound. Northi-bocmd.
Pusen- Mixed. 1 Hhted. [Passen-
ger.-- . Sunday J I Sunday ■■- g«r.
Daily. ExcTptd Stations. EieTptd ; DaUy.
&z3B act) Stockton 3:43 fs 3:50 pm
13:10 am S^Spin Merced p2:«)pa I^Spai
ll:«*m 5 »ptr. Fre*ao f Sr3i>aai: 2^3pm
ti:3Spm T:Cpm "''HanXord ' 7:45 ant I:3s pax
l:»pniU:»a3i Baknrsfieid S^Qamhl^Sas
U^gpat B:s3pm VUaIU V.Ht anj I:ISpa»
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton .with., steamboat* of
California Navigation and Impitrvement Com-
pany, leaving San Franc. at i p. m. daily.
excepting Sunday, and ;; Stockton at * p. as.
Saily.- ,'- - . - ■'■' ■-■-:■ * .-. ;: - . .- ■ .-. ■
Fcr' stage eaanectiaes see cfScfal time tabi*
■r iniraire at Traffic Manager** Office. 321 Mar-
ket street. Sag- Frascfaeq. ■ ~" .-.-,- ;■ .*•
■ '•■■ ■ ■. . ■- -■:. ?..■_"- ■ - .: ' ■ ■ • - "
AUCTION SALES.
■ GRIND AUCTION
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
3- AIIIGO. EMPEROR OF NORFOLK. HON-
DUB - DCXCOUBE, SANTIAGO. - etc.,
oat nl ■-a mares as VIOLETTE; SANTA
AXITA. ARITTA. BELINDA. FAME.
HOOK. BLONDE. ' FLORILLA. " 3AVA2I-
NAE, etc
P-ncerty o£
E. J. BALDWIN Esq., .
Santa Anita. Stock Fana.
- SATURDAY EVENING. Member 19, -
Coamenclnr at S o'cioci.
At the Occidental Horse Eic&ange, *"?■
HI Howard St., hKwees Tblrd and Fourth. &aa
Francisco.
Horses at salesy-- Catalo?rea r«B*X '. .
WILLIAM G. LATNG. Proprietor.
ED. R. LOWRT of Louisville. Auctioneer, j
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
AT 1123 MISSION STREET.
MONDAY, Nov. 21, ! 898, at 11 a. m.
By order of C- HcGowan & Co.. we will sell,
en accoaat at dissolution of copartnership tha
entire stock used in thalr Llv»ry. Hay and
Grain business, ■>-.-■- cf Hors«3. Bar^tea,
"Wagons, Harness. •=•*■. Xo rssenre or Itmit. ■■
SULLIVAN v MILE. '
Office. 327 Sixth st. Live Stack Auctioneer".
ELEGANT FLRMTIRE.
THIS DAT VtHCKSDAY), AT U A M. -
: &W DEVISADERO ST., STBAB HATES.
FRANK. W. BUTTERFTELD, 6?3 ' -ioet.
TtATT.'RnA'n TBAVSL.
««i'tu»:r.i rturic cojifast. -
Trmlaa leave *■<! are due *• »rrl»« mi
MAX rmaM i<*« «».
(Main lire. Foot of Market 3ae«t.) ■
usats — Pxom Sot. 3. 1398. — A»*r»«
•4:«flA NUe*. Saa Jow aad War stasicau ... *" : 4•> »
7 1— a Beoieia, Suiaua ami Saaitawntni. .■' I^l^a
•:.-««». MirjjTiile. Ormflia actl Bidding rfc»
WoodUod «. 3.-4S*
T:«*A.HaiHX Vac»T-...e Ea»«ey_.i.. , »r*s*
7 sZm a Marines, Saa Raasoß.Vilieioi Xapa, . ■-
Caliad.-sa aiui Santa Ui«a '-If
•--♦•» Atiaotk Ktprw*. <>■-»-« iad K^i». . Sil3?
»:3U» a«u> J-jae .itocabm. ValI«T SvriaaV ' ;.
lon*. Sacramento. Marjs»i.«.
CWco. Tefaamaan4 Red Bin* ... «s!3r
•:I«i atykMo, CuU<* ic<l JiSesioTS.. 7:1 Sr
•H-.34J* MfiVsn. *7:1»?
»:««iMirtirjiS. Trier. Lascrcp. KsreeU
and Fresco. 1»:I»*
•«••» Fr^iMo, BakMsO«;.l. Ba«aa K*r^tra,
Lob aa«jeka Deaun*. El Pmo,
S.» Origin and 3ast... . •*4«»
Frs»=.e, itcsnA-ta. Trfccr and Mar-
sln«t «:«3r
1 •:♦•< Taflr>j. Hartinei aad Way Siadoos 7r+sp
•!:••? 3»craa:«iM RiTerfit»»<i!a«ra ; •«r»«p
I^<»T $2aa. San Jo«» »c<i Way otatioia ._ Il:*a*
. Saa Jcee, >"£!«» and Way s«a»ew... t3:l*a
M«r Ki:<n. Tn«7. Man*:* ili=f.rl aad
ViaaUa 4:l»»
LHermcre, can Jc»e, Slle* and Way
Ssadoos , ;......... ;l«tl**
4:««p Martiues. Saa Ramon. TaUajo.
Nip.v, r»:iatota, Xi Veraeo aad "_-
iSj«ntalto«a »>»»*
4-.—T Benieia. V*£»rilia, Woodland.
Knighia Lacdtcg. MarjarriHe. •■'>-
»ffie ami >itcr»m#i>»o l#t lf*
4:S»t Hajinrii, maw aadSaa Joae 7r44*
3:*« » Martir^. Tracy. Jiimdofsa, Timaa,
.Vl3Jj.T#, &aata Barbara and Loa
Ad S »J«i B*43a
3s««p Sauta r» Route. Atlantic Eipeea*
for Mojate atxl East «543»
«T3<««r "P»<±le Cast limited." SI Pato.
Fort Worth. Liule Rock. St
Lo.d3. Ctioa^o and East |«:*a»
3:30p yuea. 3aa Jcie. Tracy. Jjiiing, • *
Jl«rce.t aad Fresoa...... "-•""*
3:10- 3«ocksoo — 1«:1*P
m-+mr K«r<>p«*u Mai:. I >»i<« and Ems.... »■-*»»
•6:««pV*llejo • 1»:1»»
:?:••? Viliejo. Pert Costa and Way ata-
tiona_ fSrtSy
S:*«>r Ornou Exprri!a,J»aer»«ießto. Marj*- :*' !
?Ute, Oe.iai««. ■% Mil nI. ruget
Hown.tan.tKmt S«l3a
SAS Lfc.lM>K>> IMt lia»lB»S LOaL
, (Toot at Market Street.) .
1 Ssiro-"'. sea«iii*rj Park, f '
Sl2* ntehb-rr. UmharsU -S^?*
'.n-S2t Lea.-Jro.Bit.4Ula, JImI?
:!*:•#* h L«r,«««.ClierrT • s i : «,
iiHWr '-? .■"-•■■ *■■* . I«:4^f
3:O«r i HajwarJ». (3M3p
7:««p I « Ban* tbroach so Xii«a. ■ - -- 7x43;
J.t Frr.m Xi]<w. I
" i't>i>T I>O l>ll)N (.larroir bawr»). -
(Foot ■! Market Streett ■>
3:13 a y«wirk.C<faterrili<j, -SaaJoaa. Telton,
B«a!der Creek, SaaU Cms and Way
atatioaa _... ....... . . SsOOj
*SilSp Newark. Centerriße, Saa Joae, Xeir -.* .
- Alnudm. Felton. Boeder CrMk,
SanU Cra and Ptiscipal Way
Statfaoa - •lttMa
4:l3ps'ewk. Saa Josaaod Lea Gatca... ts**\*
♦11:45? Emtars' Eicniaioa, Saa Jo«e acd . .
Way 3liUlona r^ :^*t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Tnm Sll mSO3COm SO3C0— *Mt «* firm Strut (Slis IV—
•7:15 9^ll n *;».*. IMI *2iCO 13:31
•XC => t!:SS *5.-: of.i«.. ■
fna BiIUI>-?ial tf Brui*«T.— •« OC S:00 lO^KJi.m.
- :.::: "153 ::j: ; 3:c t*:M »WCrji.
~~~ CVtvr DIYIMO.I Broad 6aa««}l
(Third and To-srinend S».) ....  ...
7:««» «<aa Jose awl Wit Btoaiaaa tSev
- Atmadea Wedndidajsoti!y) n ..... l:»*t
»sO«* Saa Jose. Tres Flium. Sa»S* Crs^. - - '-
Pact lie Gcot«. Fa*; Babies, Saa
l.via HiM Goadaispe. surf aait
Prin4tpaX Way- Scaliou* .......... 4rl*«
I— ■■< hlJa«a4n>Mhai ««Js<M»«
11:.1#<, Saa J >?e lad Way Stattot^a St&3«
•9:4^rdati >Ut«u. Bedvocd. Meek} Park.
Palo Alto, dicta Clara. aar- Jn«e.
. GQroy. Holl!at«r. Santa Crm,
. ' Saiinai. Moe:eiey and Paaik: -
Grow - *%•:*•!
San Jose aad Way SSatious *9-.(ft
•4:13p 9aaJc«eantl Principal Way SUtioon 9:13 >
•3:««F3aa Jew ami Principal WaySSaskßM 6:3-5 1
5:3* ? Saa Jam %»•', Principal Wa# SeatiotMi 3: Mi
•.-»•[• San Jose and Wat Stations 7:3« i
fH;43p San Jo«eaß«lWay gcasioiM "ZiZtH
~ A for Mominj. P for Afternoon. !
• .*ini«lajj ecce^t^L { .'-ays ooJy, • Saiimlay» ool»
SMooday»andThagday».-g3aSerday«aad'W«gn«a&ay .
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting: Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY.
TUESDAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving: In New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is in Addition to the Dally
Overland Express. " — -
511 FHHICISCI TIMEfWICE— B Witt! SI.
TELEPHONE MAXV 1231. » .
O*kl*nd OiSflw— Broadway.
SacraiMEi* oSa»— I Street.
: Sin Jom o£c»--7 West Santa Claf» 3> r
IGRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SaaaaUt* F«htt-
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL. VaLX^ET
ANI> SAM RAFAEL. >;
WEEK DATS— •7^O, ■ *iJO, U.-QO a. m. ;••!:«,
3:i5. 5:13, •€.-«, 6.33 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS— Saa Rafae! on Monday.
Wednesdays and Satardaya a: !1 V p. c
SUNDAYS— "3^O. •U.iJO, ni:3o a. in.; I;ts.
Z-S?\. m iJSK *tl3 p. is.
Trains atarked • run. to San Qimilli
FRO II SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK. DATS— »5:35. T:45» "3:38 a. m.;
12:35. 2:10. *3:-»3 SSS p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS ca itendays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at S:4O p. m.
SVNDAYS— <^O. »SSO. »l!».-0%, 11:55 a. a.;
•1:15. "3:10; <:«; *C:3) p. to.
Trains marked • start tram San. Qcentla.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— £:«. «:«, T:35, 9:49 a. IB.;
12:35. *:«, 3Si 5^"J p. as. ;■ ' "
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— :• :-5 a. m. ; 3:96, 1:20, J:H
i:0». *;2i> p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. / -
7:20 a. a*. week days — Caxadero and way sta'aa.
1:« p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and war
stations. ' . - -
8t« a. m- Sendajr*— Duncan MlHa and way sta a.
MOUXT TAHALPAIS SGEIIC RAILWAI,
...:-- (Via Sana*lita in}.] ';
- Lean> San Francisco comrT'.i'ncfns SuaUax.
Sept. 11, 1533: . :
Weckr Day*— 9^9 a. =-• t:« p. m. ' ""
Sanday*— SrfWi 10:'». 1130 a. m.. Ida a. «a. : .
Roonil trip from Jill! ValleyvSl. ."---;■'•- -i.-'-.'ir
THOS COOK * SOX, Agent*, an Karka* ,
KreevSaa Frandaco. / ' : ■ ;■' "■ '-- 1 ..'" ;
. .. > '• ■-■;—--■: ""- • ■■=•:
1112
SERGEANT BIDWILL'S
NEW OBESITY CURE
Sags It Is Great and Will Soon
Regain for Him the Title of
Adonis of the Force.
YEARS ago when Sergeant Richard Bidwill was plain Patrolman "Dick"
Bidwill he was at once the pride and envy of the force. Of magnifi
cent proportions, straight as an arrow with long drooping mustaches,
small wonder that Dick played havoc with the hearts of the matlneo
girls to the discomfiture of the masculine lights of the stage, and the
chagrin of his fellow patrolmen. As long as Dick's beat was on Sutter street
the "lino" extended down Kearny street to that thoroughfare, and it was
, , w.-t to warm the cushion of a revolving
with nothing to do to speak of bu than fnmaU , s nf tnP oells
chair and comparatively little more t»«
It was his duty to taKe cnarge 01.
Day by day. and night by night,
Dick sat in his chair, his hands clasped
across his steadily expanding vest
front, and saw visions of admiring
eyes glancing at him from under be
wildering compilations of the milliner's
art. At first the new sergeants fav
orite attitude was to perch his f?et
upon the safe before him at an eleva
tion of not less than eighteen inches
above his head, but after a time it
became a matter of great physical dif
ficulty to elevate his feet so his posi
tion changed, one knee being thrown
across the other. That was all ritfht
for a spell, but that girth of his kept
increasing at such a rate that finally
Dick was obliged to abandon even that
position, after vainly trying to get
Lindheimer and his other associates to
lift one leg over the other for him.
It was not until then that Bidwill
seemed to fully realize the enormity
of his offense against his waistband.
But when he did appreciate his con
dition a wild longing to regain his old
time Adonis-like form seized him. He
sought a grocer's scales to learn the exact truth, but found it required a
hay scnle to record his weight. T>irk was aghast at the result. Three hun-
quantities of salts and plenty of exercise. He started in on the first two
with enthusiasm, and soon found himself taking naturally to the third feat-
ure of the cure.
Bidwill has followed this remedy
faithfully for several weeks now, and
last night he startled the inmates of
the prison with a yell that would scare
an Apache.
"Come here, boys," he called, and
when the doorkeeper and a half dozen
reporters reached him they found the
sergeant with one leg hooked onto the
other knee and a beautiful smile flit
ting over his features.
"That's the first time I've crossed
my legs that way in four years." he
shouted. "Oh, that last remedy is all
right. I'm getting down to my nor
mal weight in great shape. Last time
I was on the scales I only marked
256 pounds and I must have lost some
since then." The sergeant rushed out
in front of the desk where there was
plenty of room and essayed a few
stunts and handsprings, not, however,
with distinct success. He did not
mind the jarring he received in his
efforts in the least, and after tossing
off a quart of boiling water procured
from the cook's galley, he announced
that in a few days he intended to ask the Chief if he would give him his
old beat on Sutter street back if he would resign as sergeant.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William C. Coffey to Julia Sullivan, lot on
N line of Seventeenth street, 110:3 E of Guer
rero, E 60 by N 116; $10.
Edward K. Hawkins to James S. Hawkins,
lot on SE corner of Twenty-third and Castro
streets, S 26:6 by E 105: $1').
Henry, K'la and Samuel Ickelheimer, Julius
and Annie WellheimAr to Benjamin H. Llrh
tenstein, lot on W line of Dupont Btreet (as
widened). 117:6 N of OFarretl, M 20 by \V M,
and all interest in party wall with lot on N;
also commencing at NW corner of original 50
vara lot 868; thence E 17:6 by S 20; $10.
Charles K. Rosenberg to Sophie J. GilflP.an,
lot on E line of Miles court, :<3:6 N of Cali
fornia street, N 44 by E 50; $1640.
Seymour. Harry. Julius and Hattie Gabriel
to Richard Pahl. lot on \V line of Hyde street,
111:6 N of Post, N 28 by W 65:9; $10.
Kdward Barry to Lizzie Barry, lot on NE
line of P.ltch street, 10S:9 NW of Towneend,
JTW 28:9 by NE 80; also lot on SE line of Clara
street, and also 160 on NW line of Harrison,
SW 2& by SE 80; gift.
Catherine Lorenzo, Jennie Katz, Thomas and
Sarah O'Keefe to John O'Keefe, lot on W cor
ner of Eighth and Bryant streets, NW 50 by
SW Si; also property in Contra Costa County;
$2000.
Christian and Sor>hle Effincer to Sophie
Mayer, lot on PK line of Huron street, 320 NE
of Sickles, SW 100, SE 100, NE 50. SE 140. E
F. 2.-6. NW 261, lotfi 2 to 5, IS and 20, block 20.
Sears Subdivision West End Map 2: $10.
Abraham C. and Josephine B. Freeman to A.
K. Daggelt. lot on W corner of Twentieth ave
nue and G street, NW 375, SW 200. SE 75, NE
100, SK 300. NE 100, lots 1 to 5 and 12, block 3'.i9.
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; also lot on S corner of Twentieth
avenue and H street. SE ~l by SW 200. lots 8
and '■>. block 399, same; $10.
A. K. Daggett to Mary La CostP and George
Stambaugh, lots 1 to 5, 8, 9 and 12, block 399,
Louis and Jennie Friedlander to O°rtrude M.
Church lot on N line of Jackson street. 111 W
of Devisadero, W 26:6 by N 100; $10.
Lange Investment Company to John Stierlen,
lot on S lin of Carl street, 128:4 E of Stanyan,
E 60 by S 137:6; $10.
Henry N. and Mary A. Clement to William
Lewis, lot on E line of Guerrero stiret. t*:K
N of Nineteenth, N 24:6 by E 105, quitclaim
deed; $10.
John B. Harmon 'trustee) to Charles A.
Grow (trustee), lot on NE corner of Kearny
and Pine streets, N 37:6 by E 68:9; also prop
erly in city of Sacramento, transfer of
trust*; $6.
Martin Noon to Mary F. and Marcella A.
Koon, lot on E line of White street, 137:6 N
of Vall?Jr>. N 20 by E 66:3; gift.
John and Jeanette Mains (by S. C. Blgelow.
*urvlvlns trustee) to Thcmaa P. D. Gray, 1171
not until after his promotion and re
moval to the City Hall that the lower
end of town fell into disfavor as a
promenade with the ladies, and the
men curtailed the cocktail route.
So great was Dick's popularity in
the olden days that it was current re
port that the partner of his joys and
sorrows found it necessary to patrol
his beat with him or) Saturday after
noons to protect, him from the fair
sex giving too open expression of their
admiration.
But that was a dozen years ago. One
day there came an order from the
Commissioners which put three stripes
on Dick's sleeve, and henceforth he
was known as Sergeant Bidwill. He
was made one of the desk sergeants
of the City Prison, and the matinee
girls knew him no more, while Sut
ter street lapsed into comparative dis
use. With the change in his for
tunes came physical changes not at
all to his liking. From a life of ac
tivity in the open air the erstwhile
pride of the force found himself shut
up in the close, foul smelling bastile
dred pounds was the record, and no
guarantee given that the limit was
reached.
Bldwlll boycotted the butcher's and
took an option on a drug store, his sole
attention being devoted to securing a
corner on all the obesity remedies In
the market. Elixirs were quaffed by
the gallon, Dick inaugurated a per
petual fast and daily hied himself to
the scales. When at the end of a
week he found himself one and three
quarter pounds lighter he was over
come with joy. Then his nostrums
seemed to have a contrary effect, and
the second week showed a gain of four
and seven-eighths pounds. Other
remedies were sought, friends were
appealed to for advice and Dick was
In a frenzy of fear until one blissful
day somebody recommended a cure,
warranted infallible, and the suffer
ing sergeant broke for home to put
It Into trial, stopping at a drug store
on the way to procure one of the es
sential Ingredients. This cure was
simplicity itself; it was nothing more
nor less than hot water in large
d 352. lot on E line of Tay street, 93:6 S of
(lav. 8 44. E 62. N 18:6, \V 6, N 25:6, W 66,
trustee's deed; $940.
John E. Killelay to Beatrice J. M. Klllelay
(wife), lot on BE line of Perry street, aji »h
of Third, SW 25 by SE 80; gift.
W. J. Gunn to Richard P. Hammond. P. N.
block l.'w. bounded by Twenty-fourth, Twenty
ftith, ]>c Haro and Rhode Island struts:
Richard P. Hammond to Robert B. and Edith
M. Oirdwood. lot on N line of Twenty-fifth
(Yoln) street, 100 E of Rhode Island, E 50 by
N 1C0; $10.
Joseph and Hedwlg Weil to L. a. Weil, lot
on SW corner, of Point Lobos and Tenth ave
nues, S 100 by W 22:6; $1500. •
London and San Francisco Bank, Limited
(by G. Friederlch, attorney) to Louis Lipman,
lot on N line of I street. 43 E of Twelfth ave
nue. E 50 by N 100; grant.
Catherine Parker to Marlanna A. de f'va,
lot on S line of Lobos avenue, 400 E of Ma
rengo. E 75 by S 115. lots 1 to S. block N, Rail
road Homestend Association No. 2; J350.
Alameda County.
Martin and Margaret Walsh to James Walsh,
lot 3. block J, Curtis & Williams Tract. Oak
land; Rift.
Elizabeth J. Kill (executrix of estate of Wil
liam Locker) to W. B. Irwin, lot on W line of
Filbert street. 100 S of Thirtieth, S 50 by W
125. beln* lot 22, blork A, Golden Gate Home
stead Association. Oakland: $505.
J. H. T. and Henrietta Watklnson to Annie
Johnson, lot 23. block A. Fanny Davenport
Tract, Brooklyn Township; JlO.
C. E. and Gunhllda M. Peterson to Mary E.
Miller and Nellie Brown (wife of Theo. J.).
lot on W line of Peralta street, 129 S of Six
teenth, S 25 by W 110, block 727 Aon map of
resubdlvided block 740, and portions of blocks
739. 727 and 728, Oakland; $10.
Warren O. Gregory to Albert S. WUoox, lot
on SE comer of Center and Seventh streets,
E X 23:7. S 155:7. W 323:2. N 185:7 to beginning.
Oakland, quitclaim deed: $1.
Kidney and Caroline J. Ransom to J. J. Ire
land, lot on N line of Ninth street. 132 E of
Chester street. N 82.10 by E 30, Oakland, quit
claim deed; $1000.
W. G. and M. L. McKean to Ann Jane Mr-
Camly, lot on W line of Wood street, 187:6 S
of Taylor. S 25 by W 100, Oakland; $1200.
J. K. and Sarah M. McLean to First Congrega
tional Church of Oakland, lot on NE line of
Linda avenue, 186 SE of Piedmont avenue, 3E
60 by NE 136, being portion Glen Echo Tract,
map 2, Oakland Annex; $10.
John P. Beckett to Daniel J. Desmond, lot
on N line of Thirty-seventh street, 23.1 E of
Market. E SO by N 14S. h«-ing the W 35 feet
lot 2 and E 15 feet let 1, Map of Beckett's X°r
ond Addition to Oakland. Oakland Annex; $625.
Charles Babb to Blanrhe J. Pray, lot 27,
block 1, Blasdel Tract, map 2, quitclaim deed,
Brooklyn Township; $50.
Mary A. Van Hooeear to Maud C. Caswell,
beginning at a stake 75 SE from point formed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1898.
I by point of intersection of S corner of D and
Castro streets; thence SE 60 by SW 150, Town
of Hay wards, Eden Township; grant.
Philip and Annie Lawrence to Joseph Herr
scher, lots 26 and 27, block 6, resubdivislon of
Ward Tract. Eden Township; $10.
Lorenzo and Anna 33. Leberer to Theresa
Rasmussen, lot 30, block 56, map of James B.
; Larue's addition to Clinton and San Antonio,
i East Oakland; rift. J
Lyman M. Kennedy to Lizzie G. H. Wood
! bury, lot 2, block T. Knowles & Potter sub
, division of Kennedy Tract, East Oakland; $1.
Henry Scholten, E. M. and May Morgan and
Emma A. Curtis (by commissioner) to Home
1 Security Building and Loan Association, the W
half of lot 9, block D, KlinknervlUe Tract. Oak
land Annex; $1037.
Cornelia and Walter Welsh to Flora E. Bow
! ers (wife of L. T.), lot U, block 5. Graves &
! Taylor Tract, subject to a mortgage for $250,
Berkeley; $10.
James R. and Margaret A. Little to Robert
F. Elder, lot on S line of Addlson street, 223
W of Shattuck avenue, W 50 by S 134.62, block
1. Shattuck Tract, Berkeley; $100.
George Douglas to Curry Dickerson, lots 9
and 10. block B. Melrose Station Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
William J. and Virginia R. Dingee to Helen
W Hart, lot on E line of Fremont avenue, 140
N of East Fourteenth street, N 100 by E 137.
being lots 5 and 6, block B, Corrected Map
Linda Rosa Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
A. L. and Abble C. Payne to S. E. Oouldln,
lot 20. block 18, North Alameda Tract, quit
claim deed, Brooklyn Townshjp; $5.
Manuel & Usaba Kelly to Calvin L. Max
well, lot on E line of Davenport street, 150:*
N of county mad Oakland to San Leandro
'No. 1525), N 80 by E 134:3. being lots 69 and 70,
Searles Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Alfred W. and Josephine Dennett to George
S. Montgomery, all interest in the following:
All of blocks A and B; lots 48 to 57. block D;
lots 66 to 71, block E; lot 88, block F; all of
block H; all of block I; lots 145 to 155. 162 to
166. block J; lots 167 to 169, 172 to 176. 179 and
ISO, block X: lota 183, 184 and 185, 188. 190, 191
anrl 194. block L; lots 196. 199. 200, 201. 205. 206
and 207, block M; lots 210, 211. 212, 217 to 223,
block N; lots 226 to 230 and 235. block O: all of
blocks P. Q, R, S, T and U; also all that cer
tain tract of land containing 200 acres, bounded
on the N by Hopkins street, S by Ninth, W by
blocks H, I. J. K. L. M. N and O, E by blocks
P. Q, R, S. T. U, V and W of said Beulah
Park property, all being on Map 2 of Buelah
Park property. East Oakland; $10-.
John P. Beckett to John J. and Mary Cox,
lot on N line of Thirty-seventh street, 325 E
of Market. E 50 by N 148, being the E half of
lot 3 and W half of lot 4 of Beckett's Second
Addition to Oakland, Oakland Annex; $700.
Samuel W. Marshall to James P. Montgomery
and Kate E. Hays, lot 60 In Plat 26. Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $110.
Curry Dickerson to George and E. J. Bid
dall, lots 9 and 10, block B. Melrose Station
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Ida M. and John T. Fiala and Sarah P. Fish
(by commissioner) to Rachel A. Reynolds, lot
nn x line of Santa Clara avenue, 312 W of
t'nion street. E 60, N 140, W 60, S 140 to begin
i ning. being lot IS and W half of lot 14, Fass
; kings Park Tract, Alameda; $3714.
• 'harles W. and Emma H. Bolles to W. F.
Kroll (trustee), lot on S line of Central ave
nue. 250 W of Oak street, W 30:8 by S 140,
block G, lands adjacent to Encinal. Alameda;
$300.
Builders' Contracts.
Captain Fred Nielsen owner, with Marcuse A
Remmel contractors and architects, all work
for a five-room cottage and basement, on E
line of Ninth avenue, 300 N of C street, N 35:2
I xl 20; JISOO.
Sarah F. Lang owner, with A. H. Wilhelm
1 contractor, architect C. A. Meussdorflfer, all
i work oxceDt painting, mantela, gas fixtures
and shades for a three-story and basement
frame building (three flats), on E line of Ma
son street. 137:6 N of Green. N 30 by E 69;
$4233.
Joseph Jacquemet owner, with R. J. Pavert
contractor, architect Charles M. Rousseau, all
work for a three-story fram* buildinsr. con
crete foundations (flats), on SE corner of Gol
den Gate avenue and Lyon 6tr*et. S 25 by E
106; $.'516.
Southern Pacific Company owners, with
George J. Smith & Sons contractors, architect
Henry A. Schulze. painting, finishing, etc.. for
several buildings constituting proposed hnFpi
tal on SW corner of Mission and Fourteenth I
strati.. S 240 by W 181:2; $2940. I
Thomas Ash worth (owner) with Mai lory & I
Swensnn (contractors), architects Newscm &
Mpyer— farpentery. concrete. Iron, tinning.
Blazing and finish work for 4-ftory frame bulid-
Inpr on NE corner of Mason !=tr<»et and O'Farrell
alley N 32:6 E 137:6. S 60:10%, W 60, N 18:4%,
W 77:6; $16,500.
LATF SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Palled Nov 16— Stmr St Lout*,
for Southamuton: stmr Mongolian, for Glas
gow: ftrar Majestic, for Liverpool; stmr South
wark. for Antwerp.
Arrivpil N-vv IS— Stmr Alsatia, from Mar
seille?: stmr Travp, from Bremen.
QVEKNSTOWN- Sailed Nov 16— Stmr Pa
vonta, for Boston
MARSEILLES— Arrived Nov 16— Stmr Vic
toria, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Nov 16— Stmr Kaiser
Friederich. for New York.
She— Do you know there's something
Rbout you which reminds me of Cervera's
fleft while it was bottled up at Santiago?
He— lndeed! What is it?
She — Your mustache. It's such a long
time in coming out.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Wednesday, Nov. 16, 1898.— Third da;
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track good.
EDWIN F. SMITH. Presiding Judge. JAMEB F. CALDWELL, Starter.
2 |3 FIRST
purse, $400.
Index.. Horse.
%m.
. %m.
Str.
203 Anchored 11l
... Baby King 101
203 Judge Wofford 11'
... Boardman IX
I*>s Glengaber Hi
... Cheated 11
203 My Dear 10!
2
1
3
4
5
6
5
7
1 h
2 2
6 h
3 14
7
4 4
6 2
1 h
2 24
4 Mi
8 2
7
5 2
6 1
1 1
2 1
4 2
3 4
6 1
6 4
1 2
2 4
3 v,
4 3
6 3
6 1
7
nuner
[. Powell
_■. Relff
leauchamp ..
Shields
4-5
10
6
8
5
12
3
1
12
10
30
6
80
S
Pullman
3. Jones
Time, 1:16. Winner, P. Hlldreth's br. c. by Prince Royal -Homeward Bound. Good start.
Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
The winner was best. Judge Wofford will not be a maiden long. Baby King has quite
a parcel of speed and will do better next time. The prophets alone can explain the show-
Ing of My Dear.
q| A SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-;
; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
205 Our Climate, 5
206 Hohenloh", 3
(193) Stan Powers, 3
... Tom Calvert, 3
196 Knina, 4
204 Babieca, 3
IS7 Major Cook, 6
5
2
4 .
6
1
3
•
6
1 4
. 3 *
4 2
2 1
54
2 4
8 1
1 1
it
1 1
4 4
3 2
2 4
6 Mi
6
1 1
3 4
2 h
6
4 4
5 4
1 2
2 h.
8 2
4 h
6 tf
6
tuner
3. Jones
'lggott
Seauchamp ..
2 2
7 7
4 5-2
4 7
20 25
6 10
10 15
>ouln
r. Relff
I. Smith
•Left
Time 1:294. Winner, D. A. Honlg's b. g. by St. Carlo-Imp. Royal Bess. Good start
except Major Cook. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Jones rode a poor race on Hohenlohe. There was no reason for taking the horse back.
Stan Powers Is only a cheap plater. Calvert was short of work. Henry Smith, who took
Major Cook to the post, was designed for a rough carpenter.
q<S THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; all ages; purse, *400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
170 La Goleta. 3 102j 4 4 4 4 4 1 h iDevln 2 2
201 Morinel 4 102 1 38 32 S3 S3 in Woods 3 3
166 Buckwa, a 107 3 21 28 lh IK 38 Piggott 2 3
(IS9) Yemen, .t 107 2 lh lh 26 24 4 Rutter 2 13-5
Time, 1:28%. Winner, E. J. Baldwin's eh. f. by Amlgo-Rosebud. Poor start. W r on
first three driving.
After having the race well In hand with Morinel, Woods tossed It away by a glaring
piece of stupidity. La Goleta vu almost left at the post and ran a phenomenal race.
Buckwa and Yemen stopped the last part from the hot pace set.
4
1
3
2
4
3 8
2 1
1 h
4
3 2
2 8
1 h
4
S S
1 h
2 6
4
S 3
1 V 4
2 4
1 h
2 n
3 8
4
Devln
Woods ........
Plggott .......
Rutter
O|O FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling;
; purse, $500.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Mm.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
202 Captive, 5 109 124 2n 2V4 lh 14 Rutter 4-5 4-6
(211)1.051 Girl. 4 105 2 31 32 84 22 21 Bullman 9-2 4
205 Bernardino, 4 105 5 5 5 42 44 3 1»_ Woods" 4 4
Cabrillo, 8 108: 3 12 11 lh 31 46 Beauchamp ..20 10
205 Greyhurst._4_ 11 __j0|_4 4 1 4 2 5 5 5_ jWard 40 40
Time— l:424. Winner, F. M. Taylor'* eh. h. by Strathmore-Black Maria. Good start.
Won first three driving.
Captive's win was not an impressive one. Cabrillo was a bit short. Oreyhurst Is not
much.
1
2
5
4
A
2 4
3 1
5
1 2
4 1
2 n
3 2
6
1 1
4 2
2 4
8 4
4 2
1 h
5
1 h -
2 2
4 4 .
3 1
6
1 4
2 1
3 1U
4 6
5
inuner
Bullman
Woods *
'Beauchamp ..
Ward
4-5 4-5
9-2 4
4 4
20 10
40 40
r>l"7 FIFTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; three-year-olds and upward; over five
/!(• hurdles; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
%m. 4m.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
204 Viking. 4
... J O C. 6
... Granger, 5 !
... Redington, 6
200 Tortonl, 6 '
200 Rossmore, a !
197 P F. 4
... Filon, 4
202 Juanlta, 4 :
3
8
1
5
6
4
2
7
9
4 H
7 4
2 3
1 h
3 h
6 2
6 3
8 20
9
44 3 h
7 3 7 30
SIVi 4 4
12 12
54 5 4
6 3 . 6 V.
24 2 h
8 '.*:-■:
-t ■ - -. ■"-
1 4
4 4
3 4
2 5
6 4
6 1
7
1 5
3 2
4 3
2 3
6 3
6 10
7
1 8
2 2
3 4
4 2
5 4
6 20
7
_,aiuer
Wilklns
Ambrose
Ellison
Merrttt
Cairns
5
4
8
8-5
15
••
3
20
20
7-2
8
12
. 7-2
9
. : ••
2
25
15
Lenhart
Edwards
Shepard
•Fell. tPulled up. "Coupled with J O C.
Time— 2:l9H. Winner. Mrs. A. M. Llnnell's eh. g. by Herald-Elleena. Good start
Won easily. Second and third driving.
Reddington ran a good race the first time out. Granger will win with some weight oft.
p F was rated contrary to order. He runs best in front and likes a shorter route. Viking
now handles weight well*. J O C ran a fine race.
Qin SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
purse, $400.
Index.. Horse.
«m.
4m.
%m..
Str.
Jockeys .
148 Relna de Cuba....:
202 Elizabeth R :
... Silver Beaux
203 rim '
195 Don't Tell 1
2OS Felicite i
... Abano '■
5
6
4
j 3
I :::
111 1
5 3
6 4
2 2
3 h
4 h
1 4
3 1
5 h
2 2
6 10
7
4 3
1 h
2 3
3 4
1 2
4 4
6 4
5 h
1 2
2 24
3 4
4 6
5 10
6 10
7
evin
Relff
orton
'ard
'aliirlght ...
Jnne-s
vans ...'.....
4
3-5
30
10
5
8
20
7-3
4-5
50
. 7
S
15
30
Time— l:l64. Winner, E. J. Baldwin's eh. f. by Emperor of Norfolk-Cuban Queen.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Silver Beaux will do. He la a trifle new at the business yet. Ulm was backed by w1»»
money. Elizabeth R was a huge disappointment. Don't Tell ■ false alarm.
LA GOLETA
FELL HEIR
TO A PURSE
The Race Rightly Be
longed to Morinel.
JOHNNY WOODS WAS DROWSY
VIKIN3 DJETEAT.'SD A VARIED
ASSORTMENT OF JUMPERS.
Anchored Left the Maiden Class.
Captive Had Not an Easy
Time of It in the
Handicap.
There was one sensational feature of
the sport at Ingleside track yesterday,
and that great run made by the fast filly.
La Goleta, which won the seven furlong
purse event after being nearly left at the
post. In the betting she ruled a slight
favorite over Yemen, Morinel and Buck
wa. The first named gelding was exten
sively supported, but he raced out in the
lead with Buckwa at a scorching pace,
with a result that both were ready to
stop when the stretch was reached and
began backing up. Morinel assumed the
front position in the stretch and had the
race at her mercy when Johnny Woods
took one of his slumbering streaks and
was led out In a hard drive by La Go
leta. astride which filly Devin rode a
most persevering race.
Aside from this one run the racing was
very rickety and lop-sided, arousing no
enthusiasm whatever. Of six choices
sent to the post four were returned win-
Perry HHdreth's greatly improved colt,
Anchored, was tirst past the wire in the
two-year-old event, which opened the
afternoon's sport. Sent to the post an
even money chance, with Rutter in the
saddle, he shook Baby King off after a
tussle, beating that youngster a couple
of lengths. Judge Wofford from the
Duke & Wishard string dropped into the
Stan Powers having Piggott at the helm
was widely advertised as the right thing
for the seVen furlong selling run. The
play in the ring was fast enough to
cause the bookies some anxiety, but Stan
failed to do the trick. The meek 2 to 1
favorite. Our Climate, was in front the
greater portion of the trip, winning rid
den out two lengths before Hohenlohe.
Powers was third.
Frank Taylors cripple. Captive, suc
ceeded in winning the mile handicap, but
had nothing to spare. The big. lumbering
chestnut overhauled Cabrillo when six
furlongs had been covered, and was then
challenged by L*>st Girl. The latter mare
made a bold bid, but was downed half a
length in a driving finish. Bernadillo
came fast at the end. securing the show.
For the mile and a quarter hurdle af
fair Reddington opened favorite, but the
shifty jumper was not ready and receded
in the betting^ P F ruled favorite, but the
weight, distance and style of riding did
not suit him and he cut a sorry figure.
Viking, backed down from 6 to 1 to 7 to
2, drew away from the bunch after trav
eling a mile, disposing of J O C at the
wire like chopping wood. Granger ran
a fine race, finishing third.
The final six furlong dash for two-year
olds went to Reina de Cuba, a 4 to 1
chance, with Devin up. Elizabeth R
occupied the place of honor in the bet
ting, but was beaten out handily by the
Baldwin entry.
Turf Notes.
This will be cut-in day at the track, and
the number of books laying prices will
probabls- be diminished The cards offered
racegoers since the meeting opened have
worn a shabby genteel look, and the
crowds will not speculate on them. The
ring can handle no coin, and many of the
bookmakers yesterday were disgusted
with the outlook. ■_
It is said that while in the East Thomas
H. Williams Jr. will endeavor to induce
some Eastern stables to come out this
Charley Pleasant, the very capable col
ored trainer, formerly with "Plunger
McManus, now has a public training sta
ble. He is one of the best men in the
business.
Eddie "Jones made his first appearance
astride My Dear in the opening race. Oh.
dear! The filly showed no speed, finishing
last.
Rutter was first on three occasions. He
had but four mounts, which makes the
record a mftst flattering one.
Pat Dunne made his first start of the
season with Tom Calvert. The colt ran
well to the stretch.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race— Five furlongs; selling; two-year
olds:
157 St. Kristine 1031 213 Boardman 106
...Wrinkles 103 218 Don't Tell 103
... Leiter 103 ... Dunpralse 110
... J. Hunt 105 ... The Offering ..103
Second Race— One mile: selling; three-year
olds and upward:
210 Dr. Bernays.... 98 1 212 Col. Dan 101
... Zarazzo 110 205 Treachery 107
... Heigh Ho 98 1 ... Peter the 11. ...110
212 Bonnie lone ...1011
Third Race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward :
... Yankee Doodle. .ll2i ... Mainstay 112
207 Sweet William. .ll2 205 McFarlane 109
211 Zamar II 109 168 Masoero 112
105 Kaiser Ludwig..ll2 <•
Fourth Race— Seven furlongs: handicap:
... Ostler Joe 1101 214 Babieca 99
190 Satsuma It4| 201 Rainier 92
190 Roplnante 105 i
Fifth Race— Six furlongs: Belling:
212 Formella Ntfj 123 Novia 109
207 Rosormonde 109:033) La Maroma 105
Sixth Race— Six furlongs: selling:
2fis Outaway 102 211 Mam le Scott ..99
205 Greyhurst 109 178 Alvero 99
209 Anabasis 102 209 Jack o' Lantern 99
193 Durward 99
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— St. Kristine, Loiter, Boardman.
Second Race— Colonel Dan, Dr. Bernays,
Hei B h Ho. \
Third Race— Zamar, Yankee Doodle, Main
stay.
Fourth Race— Roslnante. Rainier. Ostler Joe.
Fifth Race— Formella, La Maroma. Rosor
monde.
Sixth Race— Mamie Scott, Jack o" Lantern,
Outaway. _____ _____________
PAN » RANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Pall, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Haye? street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllistPr street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2T.26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty -second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES*.
• EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. «
J M.— Special meeting THIS DAY _«V_
(THURSDAY),. November 17. at 1:30 lCjf
o'clock p. m., for the purpose of con-'/V^ 1
ducting the funeral . services of our deceased
brother, Martin Hogan, late a member of
Gibconvllle Lodge No. 158. California. Fu-
neral committees please take notice. By or-
der of the Master. ■ ■
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
j SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. • ;
F. and A. M., meets THIS (THURS- _JV_
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock for TCJC
second degree. By order of the f^w »
Master. E. C. HARE, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. •
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _^_
EVENING, Nov. 17. at 7:30 o'clock. jC3f
First degree. By order of the Master. r^r.y
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary..
I THE California Debris Commission, I having
. received applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from George W. Allen and E. P.
Thomas, in- the Hangman's Gulch mine, near
Placerville, El Dorado • County, ,to deposit
tailings In Hangman's ravine; from Sam- B.
Lusk and J.J. Millar, In the Sampson mm
Ing claim, in Gold Lake mining district. Si-
; erra County, to deposit tailings in a ravine
below the mine; from E. Reynolds and F.
Carter, In the Morrlstown mine.' near Port
Wine, Sierra County, to deposit tailings in
west branch of Little Canyon Creek; from
George D. H. Meyers, •in the Myers placer
mine, near Placerville, El Dorado County,
to deposit tailings in Johnson's North Can-
yon: and from Frank and Antone Leveronl.
In the Corsica mine,, near Sierra City, Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in old pits, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
D 9. Flood building. ; San Francisco, Cal.. on
November 28, 1898, at 1:30 p. m. ' . .
ANNUAL meeting. — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 827 Market St.. San Francisco. Cali-
fornia, on MONDAY, the 21st day of Novem-
ber, IS9B, at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing ■ a board lof directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such other business as, may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Thursday, November 10. 1898. at 3 o'clock
p. m. - . E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5530.
ROOMS papered from $8: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
DH. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
falls or no fee: free dlarnnsla.. 100 Halsrht «t.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 87 (fifty cents per share) of
the Oceanic Steamship Oompanv will be pay-
j able at the office of the company, 327 Market
st. on and after Thursday, December 1. ■ 1898.
Transfer books will close on Friday. Novem-
ber 25, 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m. .. , •
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. .61 (50 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office'
of the company, 327 Market St.. on and after
Monday, November 21. ■ 1898. .Transfer books
. will close on Tuesday. November 15, 1898. at
3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT Irish girl desires situation as
first-class waitress and second girl; good
seamstress: best of references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. ,
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation;
best references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS infant's ■ nurse and seam-
' stress desires situation; best reference. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ..■ .■.,-. - - --•■_.
A SUPERIOR Danish cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 2 years in J last place. MISS
CT'LLEN, 325 Sutter at.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook . and ■ laundress
desires situation; 1 best of reference. . - MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter «t. . : ;.V; .V
GIRLS of all nationalities awaiting situations
at MRS. HIRD'S, 631 Larkin st. Telephone
- Sutter 52. ; • '
YOUNG lady, good reader, herself well read,
would like to secure engagements by the hour
to read to children,' invalids and others ; de-
siring such services. Address box 1980, Call.
FRENCH-SPEAKING lady, many years' * ex-
perience In teaching, position as governess or
companion or daily governess in refined fam-
ily; city or country. Box ' 1976, Call office. ;•
COMPETENT American woman, middle-aged,
wants position as cook for miners or ranch-
ers; can give references. Call or address
early, O. E.. ?39 Mission st. . " . _' :
• MIDDLE-AGED lady ' desires .' a situation as
housekeeper or to take care of, children: can
give good references.' 137% Silver St.; between
Third and Fourth. . -■ ■ -*••;, ;
GIRL about 15 would like to take care
of 1 baby about 2 years old. . Please call at
61 Zoe st., bet. Third and Fourth, > Bryant and
Brannan. ; ' ' >"-.'■ ' ■' -.•■-
COOK and wife desire positions In hotel; work
reasonable; country 5 preferred: ■ good all
around, strictly temperate "cook. 802 Mont-
gomery St.. room 21." ..,■..-. -, . ■; .--,•-,.
WASHING, ■ ironing or housecleanlng- by the
day; best of re L erences; also young girl wishes
■ light « housework where : she can : sleep • home
MRS. M. E. JENSEN; 20 Minna St. . ;
WANTED— A position, .German-American , good
cook, understands her business, or for general
housework, washing, etc. ; good references
311 Minna St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth; - "
MIDDLE-AGED American- woman "as ' working
• housekeeper; .? good • cook, "' chambermaid,- or
care .of; an invalid; strong • and -. willing 'and
\ needs work; wages $15 ,to , $20. - Box 1986, Call.
C<"iMPETb..T "■ Scandinavian j girl j wants situa-
t ion: general housework; American •: family
1374 Stevenson St., r bet. Mission • and -Va'
, lencla, near Thirteenth,;; . -;J U  ■• • ■ -. ' ■
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation^ to
do housework .would ? like , work immedlatelv I
Call at' 313 Seventh st.v :-.-,. ' '
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
TRAINED ■ nurse with good references wishes
to . : take care of children. Address 131 Post
St., room 20. "■ "-. . r.v '■."■-•
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes situa-
tion as working housekeeper;, good cook and
seamstress. Call or address 2674 ! Stevenson.
SMART family seamstress wants engagements
by the day. \ Address box 1981, Call office.
ELDERLY woman, German cook, perfect in
all styles of cooking and baking, wishes sit-
uation; city or country. Address 929 Pine st.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements by the day; will take work at
home; $1 25 per day. 959 Folsom st.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day;
washing.' ironing and cleaning. 5 Fourth st..
room 8. ....
NICE young German girl would like situation
Tor * light housework or upstairs girl; wages
$12 to $!.■>■ 998 Sanchez st. Tel. Blue 1257.
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
work in city or country; $12. 264Va Tehama st.
GIRL wishes to do light housework. • 3356 Eigh-
teenth st., near Capp.
COMPETENT woman wants position as cock
or housework in small family. Please call for
2 days at 900 Folsom st.
IMMEDIATELY-Girl. 17. desires to assist in
light : chamberwork; mornings only; small
wages. Box 1516, Call office. "
! RESPECTABLE girl wishes place to assist in
housework and take care of children; wages
$12. Address 609 Howard st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation as
working housekeeper or to do housework.
1024% Folsom St. . .
COMPETENT Swedish girl wants situation to
do general housework in American family;
good cook; references. . Box 1999,. Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes employment; can do
general housework, sewing and plain cook-
Ing. 223 Hickory aye. ; '. ■._ -.-;■ ;.■■-
FIRST-CLASS cook with best of references
wishes situation. Address 1114 Campbell st..
West Oakland Station. Oakland. ••.'•.,
GERMAN girl desires upstairs work and wait
at table or . general housework and plain
cooking. 802 Larkin st. . ' ,
GERMAN ' girl wants place for general house-
work; good plain cook. Call 1022 Larkin st.
WANTED— By respectable woman, care of in-
valid: will assist housework. Address Nurse,
branch office of Ca11," 615 Larkin st.
PACIFIC Employment Office— Reliable help of
all kinds furnished. 777 Market; tel. Clay 130.
MOTHER and daughter want I places; mother
as cook and daughter as waitress or cham-
bermaid. . 12A Mason st. ._
HOME wanted for a girl 11 years old with the
privilege of going to school. For particulars
inquire at 1030 Clay st. .
WIDOW desires portion of tru»t in >ltj; gavd
saleslady, housekeeper -or Institution work;
best of, references. Address M., P. O. box
163, San Mateo. '".'''
SITUATION to take care of pity or country
residence; will take chamberwork in country
or working housekeeper for widower with
family; references required ■ and given. Box
1965. Call. . - : .
RESPECTABLE German lady with first-class
references wants situation as working house-
keeper. 921V4 Shotwell st.
RELIABLE colored woman wishes ■ situa-
tion to take care of Infant or children; good
reference. 830 Geary st.
CAPABLE woman wants any kind of work by
the day.' .116 Lombard st. :
EXPERIENCED young, lady wishes , position
cs clerk In notion or confectionery store;
wages $5 por week. Please address R. 8., 215
Parnassus aye., near Stanyan st.
SITUATION wanted by .Swedish girl at second
work and waiting: private house; parlor work
and waiting preferred; best •of references.
Call 1069 Pacific st. - • . ■ - - •
WANTED— Situation as . housekeeper |by com-
petent German woman; good cook. Address
I 622 Stockton St.. MISS, KENNEDY.
SITUATION wanted .by a young girl to take
care of children. Call at 265% Clementina st.
SITUATION wanted, good. cook; city or coun-
try; $25; or housework in small family. Apply
106 Eleventh St.. or 8.. box -17. Call office.
, MIDDLE-AGED woman ■ wants position as
housekeeper; can take full charge of chil-
! dren ; references I excnanged; ' city or country.'
Address 1,. C. 522 Stockton st. . . >•>•.'
RESPECTABLE woman ■ would like work by
the day. Call or address E. J., 1941 Mission.
YOUNG German • woman wishes work by I the
day; washing and -house cleaning. , 419 Fel-
ton Ft., off San Bruno road. ■
i STENOGRAPHER, competent, experienced,
good references, desires position: salary mod-
erate. • Box 1954, Call office. . . \
MIDDLE-AGED' lady would like a situation
as housekeeper or care of children. Address
464 Jessie st. . ■ - « . ' -■'.■
WANTED— To take- care of a lodging house
on commission or assist in making sales, j Box
2000. : Call office. . " . .-•'.-
GERMAN cook wishes a . place to cook
In a boarding-house; lunch only. Apply 2750
' Lombard st. , near Presido. ■ - ' '■ ; ■ .
LAUNDRESS' wouId ■ like to have .some more
work by the day. ' 404 Polk st. "
COMPETENT dressmaker ■ wants work by the
day in families. Inquire 1454 California . st.
GERMAN widow with girl 11 years old wishes
■ position to Jo general housework; gocn? cook.
1824 Myrtle st., Oakland. • . .
YOUNG lady, neat and industrious, desires
situation .as : stenographer or general • office
assistant: salary $5 per week.- Box 1962, Call.
. SITUATIONS ; WANTED—
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Arency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 5«.
CHINESE and 1 Japanese Employment Offlca;
beet help. 414% O'Farrell St.: tel. East 424.
! COMPETENT hotel man wants situation as
chef or steward; excellent references; econom-
ical, sober, Al worker; moderate salary. Ad-
dresß KERSTEN, 1514 Powell St. . ;
POSITION as nurse in sanitarium, hospital or
otherwise in giving the great ' American mm"-
■ eral baths, curing chronic -diseases; - years'
experience. Box 1519, Call office. ■ - •• •
WANTED, by an Intelligent, middle-aged
American Work with .family;- Is handy, able
and willing; . small wages; good home. Box
1983, Call. ' ■ > '
SITUATION by man and wife; wife to" act as
cook; man can do any kind of work; city or
country. Call or address 681 Mission st. ;
SITUATIONS wanted by farmer and wife; cap-
able; very, reliable;: good: with stock; wife
very : neat; American. . Box 1979, .Call..
RESPECTABLE . youns „ man would like em-
ployment for evenings. "Box 1517, Call.
BOY, 16 years old. desires . position . as clerk or
office work: considerable experience in clerk-
ing, collector, etc. ; can speak German; sal-
ary moderate. ' Address box 1969, Call office.
SOBER,- Industrious young man of German
parentage wishes steady position as driver of
a delivery wagon. Please address GEORGE
KARSTADT. 215 Parnassus : aye. ■
YOUNG German gardener wishes position in
nursery or private family. Address 2102
Larkin st. "7 ;v -a ..•.
STRICTLY sober young man wants situation
In any capacity. Box 1964* Call office.
SITUATION wanted by gentleman and wife to
£r. r £ Soo me in absence of owner. JACK-
SON. 822 Howard st. - ■ • .• ■ _ ■■
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man; un-
derstands the care. of horses and garden and
work around a place; best of references. W.
8., box 1960. Call office. .<- . . ■
GARDb.sr.R and florist, married man. 1 child,
wishes situation on private place institution
or cemetery; best of references. Address F.
QUICKERT, S care I Menlo Park Nursery,
Menlo Park, Cal.
WORK • on a small • farm or ranch by respect-
able young man. Box 1975, Call office.
SINGLE man, - understands the care of horses,
i also garden work and is handy with tools,
desires position. Box 1551. Call office.
BUTLER with - first-class ' recommendations
wants position. Box : 1953. Call office.
COOK wants a situation ;» hotel or boarding
house: / good reference; country preferred.
Call 120 A Eddy: st., room 5.
AMERICAN man : wishes situation as coach-
and gardener; understands milking; good all-
around man; best. of references: in Oakland
or •' San Francisco. Address box ,283. Call
office. Oakland. ' . - l
V> ANTED— A situation as waiter ,or oyster
opener. -Address G. S.*. 647 Vallejo.
TOUNG man wants situation: understands care
of : horses, . cows.- garden ; reference; state the
.wages. J. A. MACDONALD. 214 Third st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket;. 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
' and baggage -to and from - ferry -__I_L____
HELP WASTED-FEMALK. n
AN experienced | governess for grown .children ;
country, town; must be able to teach German
and music : and furnish K*>od references $2o;
see party here. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
636 Clay st. _____ . .
GERMAN nurse, $20; cook. American family
of, 3 $30;- i cooks In German families, , s2o;
working housekeeper $20; 2 <*°2£ s £ uTT^
and Ifi week- and a large number country.
cookfng and' hous/work in city and country.
J. F..CROSETT.& CO.. 316 Suttcr st.
NORWEGIAN, cook with > 3 ' <**£****:
ences desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT *
CO., 316 Sutter st. •;
HELP" WANTED— Continue,!, '
Nt'RSERY governess who can teach German 7
English and music to' travel to Europe and
back. $25; see lady here this morning. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary, St. ..-
7 FANCY ironers for country ; laundry. ; $25 and
board; see party here. C. R. HAN SEN &
CO.. 104 Geary St. __
2 WAITRESSES. Southern : California. $22 50.
special rates for fare; 2 waitresses, short
ways in country, $20. fare paid, see party
here 9:30; chambermaid, country. $20: ehani^
bermaid. small country hotel, will take wo-
man • with a child. $15. C. R. HANSEN St
CO.. 10.4Geary st. . *•.
COOK for small family, Alameda. $25. see lady
here; 2 house girls for same country town,
$15; housekeeper for 2 ladies, country. $15, see
party here 9 a. m. and a great many girls
for city, $15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. . .
NURSE, one child. $15 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINE!) German nurse, $20 pet month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. : . . •
NEAT young girl, light work. $15. MISS CUL-
LER 325 Sutter St. ... . V
REFINED German or French nursery gov-
erness, $25 per month. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. •
RANCH cook. $25 per month. MISS CULLEN.
. 323 Sutter st. , . • ' ■
GERMAN mother and daughter, easy place, $30
per month. MISS ITI.I.EN. "2". Sutter st.
GIRL to assist, delicacy store, sleep home, $10
per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
6 GIRLS, chamberwork; German girl, $10 to $20.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT CO.. 777 Market st. .
WANTED-By a first-class ladies' tonsorial
parlor, a young lady of refinement to learn
the barber business. • Call. or write to Ladle*'
Shaving Parlor, 1193 Market st. '
WANTED— German or Swedish girl to do gen-
eral housework and cooking; wages $18. Coll
at 2243 Post St., between 10 and 12 o'clock.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on wrappers, waists,
skirts, , etc. Apply H. FRIEDLANDER, 831
Fell st. . - '■'
NEAT German girl to assist In housework: I
rooms; $10 -to $12. " Call after 12 noon at 2634
Howard st. ■
OPERATORS, finishers and apprentices on cus-
tom coats ; . good wages. 206 Minna, . upstairs.
YOUNG girl' for light housework; good home;
small wages.; 228 Natoma st.
GIRL for light housework; sleep home. 1607
1 Broderick st. • _____ ■ • . . i
WANTED— for very light housework.
10 Steuart St.. upstairs. '
GERMAN girl for. upstairs work and dining-
room; small hotel. 634 Fulton st.
2 LADY solicitors. 123 Ellis St., . rooms 10 and
11. _" ■ ■ ■ • ••-"•
WANTED— A young girl to do oooktng and
light housework. 2813 Fine st.
STRONG girl for general housework; no cook-
ing. I«SS Post st. - ■ ■■■-.-•
GIRL for general housework. Apply ■at 1048
Golden • Gate aye. -■ ■ •■ ■ ■ f
FIRST-CLASS finisher on pants. 272 Stevenson
St.. first floor. - '
WANTED— A young girl to assist la. a restau-
rant from 11 to 2. 258 First st. ■ -
ERRAND girl and Improver for dressmaking at
1111 Van-Ness aye. * ■ •
NEAT girl, housework; 2 In family. Apply M
Baker st. ' • ' ■.. ■• ' ' '"
YOUNG girl to help wait at table. 136 Second
street. . , ■'-..■
WANTBD— A nurse girl; age 16 or 1«. 2911
Clay st.
GERMAN girl for bakery; must have experl-
once. 836 Valencia ft., bet. 19th and 20th.
NICE -German girl to do . housework and take
care of children; small family. 1416 Pacific st.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
Ing. 2810 Jackson. st. , . _
GERMAN nurse girl. Call Thursday morning
from 9 to 12.- at 1305 Van Ness aye.
TAILORESS and I girl to help In tailor shop.
, 2814 Baker St., near Presidio. - ■
FIRST-CLASS finisher on ladles suits. 20 San-
some st. ; upstairs. "- '
VEST maker wanted. 622 Clay St., second floor.
room ISA. •■■•■-
WANTED— GirI for bakery who speaks Eng-
lish and German. Apply 142 Eleventh st.
WANTED— Woman or girl for light housework;
small family. 716 Franklin 3t.
YOUNG Scandinavian woman; general house-
work; < state wages expected. Address K. V.,
box 1971. Call office. ,
WANTED— Lady or gent; pleasant work; good
wages; experience not necessary. 136 Bth. r. 1.
BEAMSTRESS and apprentice girl at once. 2240
Post st. • •* -•-■•.-• ■■-• • ■■ -■-. - ■
FIRST-CLASS skirt makers. SCHIMMEL < &
STOVER. Ladles' Tailors, 408 Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class finishers on custom
coats.' ; 106 Battery st. ' •
GIRL; for light housework; wages $8; reference.
Call forenoon, 213 Stelner it"" ■ -". .. •
GERMAN girl for light housework. 228 A Mc-
Allister st. : , . ■ ' ■
GIRL wanted to do general housework at 731
Green st., near Mason. ' '
HAIR dressers and apprentice for hair work.
G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. ■ ■'.-■■■■-: 4
TAILORS on custom coats. -254 Ellis st.
PLBASANT, profitable employment for wo-
man of ■ education. Apply 1203% Bush St.
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home:
steady emply; embroidery taught. 546 Sutter.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns. 2Sc up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
WANTED— Operators on flannel . overshlrts: a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS ft CO.. 86^4 Fremont at.
LEARN sewing at KEIBTER'S; good position*;
patterns. . 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call.- Sent to any address 'in the United
States, postpaid, . for $1 50 . a year. .. . ■
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
ant ads and subscriptions taken.
'■ helF wasted-male. ~
A^mfßßXY~&^^E^A^YT?TrT^fr^MAjSr^B4B
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
; 'Want To-day '..... »
3 stablemen, city $30 and found
3 boys to learn trades ......$3 week
Teamsters and laborers, city.. ...... $1 «5 day
6 farm hands $26, $20 and $15 and found
Carpenter, country ....$2 50 day
Driver, city milk wagon $30 and found
Driver, young man, for city bakery wagon..
Barber, country Tailor, country.
MURRAY & READY,
I!!!".;!!!..... 634-636 Clay st.
A-COOKS .. WAITERS .. DISHWASHERS
5 hotel cooks. $30. $45, $30 and $25; 4 restaur-
ant cooks, $8. $9 and $11 week; » waiters, ho-
tels and restaurants. $30 and $25; 3 waiter
boys. $15 and $20 and f0und........... ....
Flevator boy Hall and door boy
4 dishwashers'. '..... $25. $20 and. sls and found
;... Together .
Pot" washer. . large mining hotel, $25 and
found; dishwasher, large mining hotel. $2o
and found ; third cook and cut meat, large .
mine. $30and f0un^^.^..^..^.^.....,
;;;..... 634-636 Clay st.
PORTERS .. BAKERS BARTENDERS*,
Hotel porter and runner, country •
_ $20 and found
Baker * German, * city *11 week
German bartender and waiter.. s2s and found
Walter hospital, country $20 and found
, MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— NINETY tiemakers 2 shingle packers.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— FARMER -and, wife, Santa Clara County,
[RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
RMER and wife. Santa Clara County,
see boss here; no children. MURRAY St
READY.' 634-636 Clay st.
2 L.AUNDRYMEN to run a country hotel laun-
day $70 and found; fare advanced. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ■ '. .- ,
SHIP this morning for Skaguay, Alaska Rail-
road- steamer sails 10 a. m. ; fare $16. C. R.
HANSEN& CO., 104 Geary st. -
FARMER and wife for a ranch, no objection to
• 1 child, $50 and found; buggy washer, $10 a
week; milker, $20: errand boy, $3 a week;
shaker out and starcher for a laundry, $_<)
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
CAKE foreman, country shop, , $18 a week. . C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Head waiter, $50 and found; short
order cook, $40; cook, $7 week; boarding house
cook, ; $35 and room ; porter, family hotel : '
dishwashers, waiters, bellboys, etc. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Bookkeeper ' and stenographer. $73:
man' and wife, private family. $30; milk
wagon driver, $20; 5 teamsters. $1 75 day ; 10
laborers, $1 60 day; coal miners, $1 ton; and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
Sacramento st. v --' : - • , :
WANTED— and wife for small restaurant
near, city. $45; second cook, $30; cook, $10 a
week; night cook, $9 s a week; fryer, $50;
waiter, hotel, near city, $30; waiter, $25: dish-
washer. $25; errand boy, $3 a week: boy for
factory, $4 a week, etc. ANDRE'S. ' 316
" Stockton st. _ .'- - ".-'.. ■ .
WANTED— Messenger boy. Apply in own hand- >
writing. P. O. box 2045. " State age and give
': references. * ..": ;■?:•-. -• ::-."■ ■ . ■'■'■" - - *'" ■
GENERAL tailor for country. • Apply REISS
8R05.. ,24 Sutter st. ■' . . -■ ' ; . _____
BARBER wanted. 3501 Mission St., cor. Cort-
land aye. . '; - - ■-..■• . ' ■,
GOOD coat maker. 44 East st., near Mission.'' . HELP WASTED- Continued.
POSITION by a young man to drive delivery
wagon or work around eta. ble. Box 1515. Call.
WANTED— A . first-class pants finisher. 26 Te-
han st. , '
WANTED— A boy to learn to press pants.
Salary, age, etc.. to box 1984, Call office. .
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted from 8 a. m. to
1 p. m. Friday. 203 Jones st. v;^' ;
WANTED— Man to' cook for 2 or 8 men and
work around nursery. • 500 Halght st. ____
WANTED— salesman to represent a coffee
nTid spice house. Apply 605 Fifth s t-__ j
STRONG blacksmith's helper immediately. 213
• Railroad aye., South San Francisco. j
ERRAND boy wanted 585 Mission st. |
TO tailors— Coat, troupers and vest makers
wanted. Apply at 40S K«-arny :.t. . i
TgOOD painters wanted for outside work. 343
Third at.; 7 a. m. .
$35 A month: night cook. 44 Turk st.. Aus-
trian chop house.
SHOEMAKER ■■■ first-class repairing. SAL-
MINON. 6 Twenty-ninth st.j
BOY from 14 to 17 years of age. Apply at 246
Butter st., room 14.
BARBER wanted 203 Mo_n^j_______ aye -
VANTED-^Boy to work at sign painting, 702
Howard St. '_ ._ :
_-. v-r •••> fn- the U S. Army— Able-bodied
a^^rHrla 3 _Lrtft
SSSSs £r&i£^__KS
ply to bruiting -fflcer. 425 Montgomery ._.
San Finn." Cal. ,
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
TVne Corps. United States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
ve_rs who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to be- :ne such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write Engll.'h. and be between 5 feet 5 inches
an.l C feet in height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis Bt.,
San Francisco. Cal. '
WANTED — Laborers and ' mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms, 25c per. night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764 _ Mission
St.. men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 13SVJ Eighth st.
• WANTED— .for ladies' work. SIEBE
SHOE COMPANY. 23 Jessie st. .
YOUNG man as Janitor in exchange for tui-
tion in shorthand. Rm 29. Mercantile Library.
WANTED— Experienced beys' . clothing sales-
man who understands window trimming.
OB BROS.
WANTED— Trustworthy "persons to travel: sal-
ary. *'*« and expenses: ref.; Inclose self-add.
stamped envelope. Dominion Co.. Chicago.
250 PAIRS men's eecond-hand shoes. 25c to $L
662 Mission St.. bet. First and Second sts./
ECTABLE young man to drive milk
w. : i«on; must have references. 1037 Valencia.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors; high
wages paid. FRANCIS. 704 Sutter st.
SHOES repaired while you wait: half price.
562 Mission st., bet. First and Second sts.
EXPERIENCED city salesman. Brownstone
Wine Co.. 331 Ellis st.
1 WAITER 1 cook and 1 dishwasher wanted.
unction Cafe and Chophouse. 1727 Market st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
WANTED — r"irs.t-class . tailors on custom
coat«. •' 106 Battery s.t.
WANTED— wood worker, with $2000
Adrtr^s boa 1957. Call.
jFf.X to Bam barber trade; easy terms; or
" trade guaranteed. $15. 1542 Market st.
TRY Linden House, Sixth and Howard sts. ;
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms: 15c, 25c night..
SINGLE rooms, 15c. We, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 aj^'Bfr wk. Elcho House. 863 Market at.
BARBERS* Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, See., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
*_■ . i^. i —
_jMEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
V soleing, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard St.
•JW ■ ■•. !
' WANTED— T.i collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS • and ordinary seamen wanted at
W.ANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
roiat, 166 night. Rof«edale House, 321 Ellis st.
• THY Aems-House, &57 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.- I
Australia.. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart. !
•WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar- !
ket; 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States." postpaid, for $1 50 a year/ ;
. AGENTS WANTED.
ACTIVE, solicitors everywhere for . "The Story
of the Philippines," by Murat Halstead, offi-
cial historian of War Department; written In
army camps at San Francisco, on Pacific with
Gen. Mernitt. in insurgent camps with Aguin-
aldo, on deck of the uiympia with Dewey, and
In the roar of battle at fall of Manila; bo- i
nanza for agents; large book; low prices; big i
profits; freight paid; credit given; outfit free. ;
Dominion Co., Dept. H, Chicago. I
AGENT and 4 canvassers at soap factory, 1303 )
Mission st.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle good special-
ty: just in. Greater West Advertising * Nor-
elty Co.. 1155H Washington St., Oakland.
•■= • PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted In old established hay, j
grain, wood, coal and livery business: 25 j
horses: price $1500, part cash; sickness cause ;
of partner retiring. Box 15S8, Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
8 SUNNY nicely furnished rooms east of Lar- I
kin St.; reasonable. Address P. G., 712 Ellis. '
MISCELLANEOUS. ~
WANTED— To buy barber furniture. Box 1*77,
Call office. . . -
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: second-hand. 109 Montgomery st. '■
LODGING UOtSl-S fOki BALK.
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
24-room house; new house and furniture.. 850
8 rooms; new furniture, cost $550 200
15 rooms; corner house; bay windows.... 450
10 rooms; central; clears $.'.O 450
16 rooms; rent $50: clears $100 750
SEE MY LIST IN TO-DAY'S
CHRONICLE AND EXAMINER
12 rooms on Market; rent $40 450
65-room house; cost $8000; on 3500
14-room house; transient 409
64-room house; clears $300 1400
Id-room house; only ■ 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 560
4S-r«j.im .house; corner 1200
24 rooms; clears $100 600 j
14 rooms on Powell St.; new 050
22 rooms near City Hall 600
60 rooms; clears $100; 0n1y... '.. 750
10 roome; all rented; business street 300
100. rooms; corner; best on earth 6000
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND Pi .ICES.
CALL; I CAN SUIT YOU.
ABSTRACT FURNISHED
REMEMBER THE NUMBER
;1020 MARKET ST., OPP. FIFTH
...H. C. DECKER
A— KREDO & C 0...'..- 22% Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
9 rooms; Leaven worth st. ; all new and
clean; carpets good; clears $25 $32.
13 rooms; newly furnished and well rented;
$350 cash, balance time •„... 600
14 rooms; near City Hall; always full;
clears $75 800 J
17 rooms; very elegant; central; best tran-
sient In city 850
23 rooms: Fifth St.; rent $45; monthly re-
ceipts $120; a snap 600
$300—16 ROOMS: N. of Mkt.; a give-away; this
week only. ' KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary st.
$1200—36 ROOMS; business corner; exchange for
small house; no cash required. KREDO & CO.
$400— CORNER grocery and- bar; Mission; ex-
change for lodging-house. KREDO & CO.,
22H Geary st. - ' ■ '
12 ROOMS and restaurant; fine $1000
.76 rooms; select; transient; corner ■.. 3500
28 rooms; rent $.".5 .* 550
37 rooms; north of Market; clears $125.... 1500.
10 rooms: all new furniture 600 j
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US WE WILL
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION. PRICE AND i
SIZE OF HOUSE.
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
BARGAINS at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.:
10 rms. ; Hyde 5t..5250 15 rms.; Post 5t.... $«00
16 rms.; Third St.. 27. . 37 rms.; Howard... 700
. 20 rms.; Geary st. 600 150 rms.; Bush st. .. 1250
100 others. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
WANTED— To buy lodging, house; 25 to 35 |
rooms; no agents. Address box 1540, Call.
LODGING-HOUSE for. sale; 29 rooms; all light;
$450.  124 Second at. ... . . . „ ,
23-ROOM lodging house; central location; doing
good business: a bargain. Box 1530. Call.
„ ~~ PHYSICIANS^ ~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
UR MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Rooms.
Advice and medicine, $1 60; open 9:30 to 5. 997
Market, cor. 6th. opp. Weinstock & Lubln's. j
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^_lST~your store, property or business place
with WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St., the
old-established and reliable business agents;
we have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy In country towns. '
A— slsoo; SHOE store; 1 block from City Hall;
snlendid paying; stock worth the money:
i owner bought' ranch. WILKES & UNFUG. 906
Market st.
A— ssoo: CORNER saloon; doing a splendid
business; close to Call building; rarest offer
in the market. WILKE '& UNFUG, 906
; Market st. ,
$550; OLD-ESTABLISHED I restaurant in
wholesale district: no Sunday or night work;
1 a well-known and first-class paying place; a
genuine good bargain; sickness cause of sale.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market el
i A— ssoo; CORNER grocery and bar; established
" years;' living rooms; rent $27 50; stock worth
the money; owner must sacrifice; bought
ranch. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$750— HALF of ' well-paying, pleasant commis- j
sion business; or will trade for Al Oakland j
business. Inquire WILKE _ UNFUQ.
$3000— LARGE nursery; fine running order; heart
of city; anybody can run this and make
money; sickness; exchange for Alameda Co.
property. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st. ]
$300— CORNER family liquor store; north of
Market St.; more than value in stock; owner
owns building. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market.
$1000-tSALOON ; one of the .best locations in
city: doin_ a good business; fine fixtures;
good bar trade. M. LESS A- CO.. 765 Market.
$2500— CORNER grocery and bar north of Mar-
ket St.; established for 30 years; horses ana
wagon. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
$500— SALOON and lunch house, with 9 fur-
nished rooms; between shops and factories;
part cash; see this at once. LESS & CO.,
7G5 Market st.
MILK route; 12 cans of milk per day; all
private trade: 2 horses and wagon; present
owner there 14 years; Felling account of old
age. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
WE have buyers to Invest in any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
CORNER saloon; clears $50 month; a snap.
— Cor. grocery and bar; clears $75 month.
$250— Restaurant No. 1 location; clear $60 mo.
$125— Branch bakery; Market St.; rent $15.
$200— Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$475— BRANCH bakery, stationery and variety
store; near school; clears $60 month; 3 rooms;
rent $20; bargain. National Agency. 7 Grant, j
$250— PARTNER wanted in beer bottling busi-
ness- have over 300 customers; fine horses.
wagons, etc.; sure to clear $75 per month to
each. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
A FEW of STENBERG CO. BARGAINS:
$800— Partner; livery stable.
$250— Delicacy store.
$900— Fine corner saloon. -
Partner; paying restaurant.
$600— Cigar store; full value in stock.
JlOO0 — Partner in auction house.
Oyster grotto; rent $15; a snap.
Vie sell and exchange real estate
and business places of all kinds
STENBERG CO.. 264 Kearny st.
$400- CORNER saloon; best part of Mission;
large stock: fine fixture?, including $200 pool
table- big trade: 6 living rooms; cheap rent;
bargain. LOWENSTEIN, 10*3* Market st.
A-KREDO & CO 22% Geary St.
• $400— Corner grocery and bar; living rooms;
value in stock; look at this. . ■
$450— Saloon and 10 furnished rooms; central;
worth $1000; cheap rent; clears ?100.
$300— Branch bakery,, laundry office and dairy
products; best in Mission: make offer.
$550— CORNER grocery and bar; bargain; death
in the family cause of sale. McLAUjHLIN
& CO., 777 Market at. I
$350— CORNER saloon; a bargain. McLAUGH- j
LIN & CO.. 777 Market st. -
$400— PARTNER wanted in light business
where the services of a plain, steady man ,
are preferred to hired help; business long
established and too much for one man; no
experience required; trial given; $1S to $30 a
week each. 117 Stockton St.. front office.
GOOD business proposition to right man; small
capital required: estabd. trade; no experience
necessary. Box 3008. Call office, Oakland.
SMALL printing office with good trade for sale
cheap or partner with $300 dollars; no
agents. Box 1982, Call office.
GOOD -paying saloon for sale cheap; In Mis-
sion. Box 1978, Call.
COUNTRY barber shop for city shop or other
property. H., 1320 Jackson at.
SALOON— Third St.; must be sold. Call
11 a. m. to 3 p. m.
HOTEL to rent, fully furnished and equipped
Jn all particulars; it is now open and doing |
a good business; located In one of the best !
agricultural cities in the State; the best
hotel and centrally located; rent reasonable 1
to responsible tenant; $3000 capital required. j
'See J. F. CROSETT- & C 0.." «28 Sacramento. ;
FIRST-CLASS candy store: doing extra fine
business; guaranteed to clear $100 month; all
choice goods; no opposition. JONES, 865 Mkt.
PARTNER wanted: old-established corner '
saloon; centrally located; doing good busi- I
ness: $10 to $15 day; cheap rent. Inquire
JONES. 865 Market st. __ ■
$1000— SALOON; one of the best locations in (
! city; doing a good business; fine fixtures; ;
good bar trade. Southwest cor. Nineteenth :
and Valencia sts. HENRY JOHE.
FOR SALE— At Auburn 12-room lodging-house j
and lot: latest Improvements; electric lights;
opposite depot; doing good business; a bar-
gain. Address box 1966, Call office. j
DRUG STORE, clean and complete stock and
fixtures: in good location; Investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Address box 1518,
-Call office. -..■-. - -
FOR sale cheap — Barber shop on account of
sickness. Apply S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye. .
FOR sale— Restaurant doing good business; !
cheap; good reason. ■ 129 Fourth st. - I
CORNER grocery and bar; ' : living rooms; |
cause of selling death of proprietor. Apply
Washington Brewery. Lombard and Taylor.
LAUNDRY for sale: fully equipped with hand
machinery; good drop trade; $125. Box 1967, |
Call office^ ' ' i
BAKERY; cheap, on account of other busi-
ness; small rent. 721 Brannan at. '•
GOOD grocery and bar; NW. corner Filbert
and Laguna: no opposition.
BAKERY: only store trade; cash business;
with a fine, new brick oven. Apply at Call.
COFFEE and chop house for sale; cheap. 324
Larkin st. ■' _______
MAKE an offer— Half or whole Interest in best j
paying restaurant in Oakland; present owner |
there 7 years; reason for change, has whole- :
sale business In San Francleco; clearing $200
month guaranteed; fullest investigation and j
trial before buying. Owner, Call, Oakland.
I $150— BAKKRY and notions; fine trade; good
location; living rooms; rent $S. 1669 Grove
St., Oakland.
| FOR SALE and to rent, wood and coal yard.
433 Stevenson st.; apply upstairs.
$160— HOME bakery; sickness cause of selling;
low rent; good location. Box 1542, Call office.
■ COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarter-; i
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-10* :
Beale st '
EDUCATIONAL. ;
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
■ ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
• electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc. ;■ 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed . since 1892; catalogue.
ATRES' Business College, 72S Market St.; Indi-
vidual instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English ''■
branches, etc.; life scholarship. $50; low rates
per week and month.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 Twenty-
fourth St., near Sanchez.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing. mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.:
j»_t 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LESSONS given In English branches, French,
piano, guitar, mandolin, banjo. «03 Eddy st.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS -JEAN HUDDY, 6A Hyde.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
• k t St.; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell:
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg.. 123 Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
ELEVENTH, ' 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ~~
LAW schools, 927 Market St., city; 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night.
■ADVICE free; divorce laws; private. J. B
EVA*IS, 14 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
ADVICE free W P. ADAMS. 607 Emma
. Spreckel* 927 Market; charges moderate.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckela bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
J!I CYCLES.
BECOND-HAND bicycles from $9 up; new _lrls
wheels, $13: new 1597 high grade $100 bfcycle
for $?9; new tires, $2; new pedals, $1 25 a pair; ;
repairing. JOPKPTI HQI.I.K. f 'th and Folaom. ;
\ ■■• ' STOKauE. -'.
LIGHT dry cellar; centrally located; cheap
rent; for storage. National Agency. 7 Grant.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post at., cor. Powell; tel. Main 671*.
THE SAN FRAIS T CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, yOYEMBER 17, 1898.
. HOUSES TO LET. . .
AT 26 Morris aye.. off Harrison St.. near Sixth-
Sunny 5 big-room house, good repair, $13;
water free; . big yard; big cellar.
NINETEENTH, 3522—10 rooms, , barn, yard;
modern; rent $25. .' < ■• .
OAK 29. near Market— l2-room house: rent
$40;' 2 permanent roomers still in house, who
pay $25 per month, . desire to stay; reliable
tenant only. Apply to 15 Grant aye.
PERRY, 208, near Fourth— 4 rooms and y_rd;
rent $8; water free. Apply to O. H. UMB-
SEN & CO.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery at. _____________________
COTTAGES TO LET.
HOUSE of 5 rooms; sun all day: marine view;
Washington St., near Jones; rent $12.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
5 R bath, 210 Acadia st., nr. power house
Spreckels Elec. Road, $14; or will sell, $200
cash. bal. $15 mo. McCARTHY CO.. 646 Mkt.
SUNNY cottage, 5 rooms: Roscoe St., off
Crescent aye. Apply at 64 Silver St.. off Third.
' FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED flat; 4 or 5 rooms; complete for
housekeeping. 907^ Mission st.
SMALL flat, 4 nicely furnished sunny rooms,
at 1522 Geary st.
FLATS TO LET.
AT 1142 Golden Gate aye.— Lower and middle
fiat; 6 rms.; modern conveniences; sunny side.
CLAYTON, 874, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat of 4 rooms and bath.
HAVES, 339- Branch office of The Call. Sub-
ptlona and ads taken.
I LEAVEN WORTH, Upper flat of 5 rooms:
gas; bath; rent $16. ■
LOVELY 7 rooms; modern and sunny 2325
Mission St., near Nineteenth. A, M. SPECK
& CO., 602 Market st.
LOVELY 7 rooms; modern and sunny: 2335
, Mission St., near Nineteenth. A. M. bPKCK
6 CO.. 602 Market st.
MINNA, 904. near Tenth— four rooms and
bath. ' '
MUST be seen to be appreciated; upper flat.
7 rooms and bath; modern . Improvements;
newly painted. 1635 Golden Gate aye.
NATOMA, V 207 and 209, near Third— Nice
clean flats. 4 rooms. $8 and $10. '
SUNNY bay-window flat. 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage, 5 rooms; cheap. NE. cor. Dolores & 15th.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms, $10; also 3 rooms, $7.
1017 Bryant st. •
SUNNY upper flat. 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1150 Mission st., near Seventh; $17
TO LET— 2 flats; modern improvements; will
let cheap; 4 rooms. 3176 A Sixteenth St., near
Guerrero.'
TURK. 308— Newly furnished sunny upper flat,
5 rooms and bath. Call 10 to 4.
UNION, 1350— Sunny upper bay-window flat of
7 rooms and bath; nice view; rent cheap.
2OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion st., bet. Eighth and Ninth. "
LOWER flat 4 sunny rooms. ' 17 Pearl at.,
off Market, near Valencia. '
$13— FLAT of 4 rooms. 126 Page St., between
Gough and Octavla. ■
i $14— SUNNY flat. 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St., be-
tween Third and Fourth.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30 j
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subacrip- ,
tlons and want ads taken. '
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT, 1101, corner Ninth— 3 front house- |
keeping rooms; furnished complete; cheap.
BUCHANAN, 602, cor. Fell— Parlor, kitchen,
i I gas stove, bedroom, $14.
DEARBORN, 23. off Seventeenth, above Valen-
3 furnished rooms; $5.
! ELLIS. 532 — 4 sunny unfurnished rooms. Call j
I _i to 4. ' ' '
i ELLIS. 639, cor. Larkin— Sunny alcove room,
complete; gas stove; $13 per month. $4 week.
ELLIS 719, near Larkin— 2 unfurnished sunny
rooms, $10; 1 large. $6; private family.
FILL—ORE, 618, near Hayes— Sunny house-
keeping rooms and others; running water;
' with yard.
GROVE. 202. corner Van Ne«s aye. un-
furnished 3-room suite, with gas range.
FIFTH, — Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
HAIGHT, 220— Front sunny alcove for house-
keeping, with kitchen.
HOWARD, Kitchen and bedroom furnished I
complete; and others reasonable. )
HOWARD. 1068— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or housekeeping; $4 per month up.
i HOWARD. 1324—2 back ' rooms, furnished for
housekeeping, $12.
HOWARD, 2008, near Sixteenth— Front room
furnished for housekeeping; bath and gas.
LARKIN. — Large sunny front with small
room furnished; $9; light housekeeping.
MISSION, 1217— Sunny front suites complete for ;
housekeeping; $12. $14 and $16. I
NATOMA. 718 — 2 large sunny rooms; in rear:
rent, $6.'
OAK, 1193, near Park— furnished house-
keeping rooms; sunny; gas stove; use of par-
lor and ■ piano. . .
OCTAVIA, 1410. near Geary— Sunny rooms for
housekeeping: no children.
O'FARRELL. 536— Large sunny furnished front
rm.; single rm.. light hkpg. privilege; reas.
PINE, 1931— 3 unfurnished .rooms; large yard;
bath; cheap.
POLK, 522— Furnished or unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; cheap.
POST, Front and back parlor; conveniences
»for housekeeping.
POWELL, 944 — Unfurnished rooms suitable for
housekeeping, $10 to $15.
SEVENTH. S28 I *— of 3 nice rooms; rent
cheap to small family. '
SHOTWELL, 824 — 3 sunny furnished rooms and
bath: single or light housekeeping; terms
reasonable.
SIXTH, 410— Sunny bay-window rooms, closets,
running water and bath ; also single rooms.
THIRD, 189 — 2 large furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $10 a month. <i
THREE unfurnished rooms; rent taken in
board. Call 342 Kearny at. '
TWELFTH, 145," cv. Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms; complete for. housekeeping.
~ ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
tunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms per week, $1 50 to
$3; single, $1 to $1 50; day. 25c to COc.
BALBOA, Th». 1049 A -'Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr;tel.
BUSH." '421 — Furnished and housekeeping
rooms. '■ ."-■•"•
BUSH, 72-I— Cheap furnished • rooms.
CALIFORNIA, 832— Elegant suite sunny fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen; board If desired.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rma. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny front rooms, $8 and upward:
also pleasant single rooms. . $6 and upward.
FILLMORE. 22128— 54: sunny furnished or un-
- furnished front room. ■■•.-'
FOURTH, 108— Nice sunny rooms; single or
double. ■
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week $1 to $1; reading-room: Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, " SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 6" to 46 per week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell st. cheap, neat,
light, sunny rooms; transients, gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor—
i suites & slngl. rena. ; transient. Mrs. J. King.
HOWARD, 1072— Nice sunny front room suita-
ble for 1 or 2 gentlemen; private family.
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week: transient. :
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
O'FARRELL. Room suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen; private family. ':
O'FARRELL, 770— Single room and sunny front
room ! newly, furnished; moderate.
PERRY. 263-Small furnished room; very cheap
to a respectable working girl. •' ■'■ .■
POLK. 607— Sunny furnished rooms; running
water; large closet: reaa. ; gents preferred.
POWELL, 147— 211 O'Farrell— rooms;
suite or single; also transient; rent cheap.
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms: second flsor; seasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 393, corner Harrison— Sunny ; front
rooms furnished for housekeeping. 1
ROOMS TO Continued. ,
SIXTEENTH, 3140— Sunny front suite for 2
gentlemen or gentleman and wife. ■-;
SOUTH PARK. 46— Sunny front or back parlor;
bath and gas; new flat. > -
SUTTER, Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
overlooking garden, with board.
THE BRUNSWICK. 148 Sixth St.. corner How-
ard— appointed: centrally located; rooms
en suite or single, 25c to $1 night; $125 to $5
week; open all night: Howard-st. cars pass
lieu.w direct from all boats and trains.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St., opp Gough—
Hou3e newly furnished; single rooms or suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3324. near Valencia—
furnished alcove front room, with hot and
cold water, gas and bath, suitable for 2, rent
cheap: also a single room, with hot and cold
water, $5; private family. '
WASHINGTON, 502— Changed hands: renovat-
ed; sunny unfurn. rms.: offices: run. water.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARDING houses find it to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
FIRST 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room.' $4 a week up; elegant parlor suits.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture: first class in every respect: table
unsurpassed ; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
HOTEL VANCOUVER has reopened dining
room; under new management; board, $25 up.
1001 Sutter st. '
"IRVING," 1070 Valencia St.— Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds: with board; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; home cook-
ing: parlor: piano; bath- gents; special rates.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Furnished room, with
board, $4 and $5; home cooking.
VAN NESS aye.. 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board
~~' CHILDREN BOARDED. .
INFANT or small child; good ■ home; $10 a
month. 210 Lexington aye. ■ '
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 51 Clara- st. ' •
1 CHILD to board; good home and mother's
care; no other children. 818 Chester St.,
Oakland. ■ . ■•
STORES TO LET.
BARBER shop and dwelling Just vacated; good
trade for steady man. 1055 Fifteenth St.,
near Mission. - ■'■." 4 :
FIFTH, 353— Store and rooms; yard; $15; good
for dressmaker or other business. ' ■
STORE corner Lafayette and Howard; fixtures
for saloon. Apply '2338 Mission st.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market st.;
light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
MARKET, 1008%, opp. Fifth— Suite of unfur-
nished room? for doctor or dentist.
MEDICAL. '; .
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that MRS.'
DR. GWYER has returned to the city and
resumed business; a sure and safe cure for j
all female diseases from whatever cause;
all those who are sick or discouraged should
call on the doctor and state their case be-
fore going elsewhere; they .will find. her a
true friend; home for patients with every
comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by MRS.
DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and j
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall; |
travelers helped, without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those !
who are sick and discouraged consult the re- i
liable specialist free and confidential; strong !
pills. $1: guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR. ,
WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL Ladies — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies, I
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, ' privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no i
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1223 Market
st. ; pills", $1 very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi- ■
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef- ,
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre- <
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all i
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 ,
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— pur- j
chasing elsewhere write us. I
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat- f
ter from what cause and how long standing: '
every woman her own physician; restores al- i
ways In one day; safe and sure; no mcdi- j
cine or instruments used; consultation free; :
saves disgrace; pills and capsules. $1; cure.
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly.- irregularities from what- :
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed ■
cure at office, $5: travelers helped Instantly;
consult free: confidential: hours. 9 a. m. to
6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
LADlES— Chichester" s English Pennyroyal Pills
. (Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; take j
no other; fend 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladles" ;" letter by return at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: !
$150 Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate j
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms !
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 60;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late, j
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
A SAFE, easy and sure remedy for obesity. i
Address box I?6S. Call office. '
_ ~ DENTISTS. ■ ;
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5: crowns, $3; fill-
Ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty; '
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free, r
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and '
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin; guaranteed 10 years; I
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work '■
our sppHa't' •■ fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50: all !
»- — "- painless and warranted. Chicago Den- i
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Ljfck dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
- antee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st. :
SET of teeth, $5; fillings, gold. $1 up: sliver. 25c
up; bridge work; plates repaired; all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists, 969 Mission St., corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up- all work pain- I
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings. i
997 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth, $4: filling, gold 50c. silver 25c;
crowns $3; open 9 a. m. to 10 p. m Paris
Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near j
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given. ■
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market St. ■ - ;
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS/
BOILERS engines, 3d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A FINE concert size guitar for $14, cost $30, at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
MALTESE kitten. $1. 617 Turk st.
STAR lathe; new «-ft. bed; 4 ft. between cen-
ters; 52- ill. swing; automatic cross feed and
tool*; $140 "cash. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
ONE 37-ft.; launch, 12 horse power, gasoline; 30-
; ft. -sloop; launch, 2 horse power, gaso-
'■ line; ISA. Ipunch hull; 60-ft. tug boat; bar-
gains;'** second-hand boats. H. EN-
GELBf IT, US successor Ito i San Francisco
Launch ": North Point and Stockton sts.
BARS, ba bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, ', 1017-1019-1021-10Z3 Mission st..
above Sixth.:,,. :" ' •" - .
SAFES— The- Hermann Safa Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st. ;
1 AND 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. ;
SECOND-HAND lumber; old buildings bought
and ; removed. Yard, Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL. Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
ther; pulleys cvr'd. 519 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records, $5 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 938-952 Market.
J R. POOL, house-mover, . dealer second-hand
'building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains *n new and second hand; all i
sices; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th» CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
< SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap: repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, .sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, -.' exchanged, rented;
S repairing: at lowest rates. tO6 Fourth st.
-...--■-■ ■ ;--■■ r. •■;
PERSONALS. .-
JIM will be busy working on Jones st. for 2
' days. .-: . ■ ... - v SUTTER.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, sitk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in - hank or chain, ■ at lowest
• rates. GEO.- MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
IF rats and mice annoy you write S. S. MFG.
• CO., Chicago, 111., for sure exterminator.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
have your shoes made to order at store prices
. by Family Shoe Factory, 1550-1554 Market st.
LEDERER, the leading hairdresser, • charges
25c for the latest fads in halrdressing; em-
ploys only artists; you are sure of being
. pleased with the result. 123 Stockton st.
WANTED— To communicate with milliners,
dressmakers and others who have . been in-
duced to pay money in consideration of be-
ing appointed agents for a composition styled
Malvina Cream. Address, P. O. box 2137. City.
LEDERER' S Quinonla . hair tonic should be
applied until the hair stops falling out: the
only cure; 35c a bottle. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms. |
•25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
' free "bus and baggage to and, from the ferry.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
prices reduced, at HODGE'S. 905 Market st,
TOOTHACHE — Use One-Minute Toothache
- Drops; for sale .by all druggists; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits,. ages 3 to 16;
■ manufacturer's cost. .107 Sansome, upstairs.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LFMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
> DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING, ladles' tailoring taught; S.
F. Dress Cutting School: tailor suits: ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees; riding habits.
' coats, capes, cycling suits; men ana women
teachers employed.-916 Mkt., opp. Emporium.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking; children's
dresses 'a specialty; prices reasonable. 334
Eddy st. ; . •
TAYLOR. 238— MRS. GRAY, stylish dressmak-
ing: perfect fit guaranteed; evening waists a
specialty: reasonable. , ■ ■
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses, $5
up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. rms. 14-15.
fo^IRITUALISM. .
ATTENTION!
Returned.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returne-J from her Alaska tour, and begs
to Inform her patients, both old and new. that
she has opened offices at The Vendome. 1104
i Market st.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees It all. tells you all
and instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you in full of all that
you are Interested In: business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies.
To the Sick Especially ;i; i
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed j
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure '
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
• test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night: 10c. 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hrs.,
10 to 5; minerals psychometrized. 1027% Mrkt.
M.' FRANCES. " Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8. 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LENEMAR, fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted rescue passengers steamer Gold, '74.
23H Sixth St.. room 3.
YOUR future told by cards; price, 10c. 77
Ninth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader:
past, present and future; 25c. US Sixth, rm. It.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1049 A Market st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $•
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method: trices are th«
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 an)
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Ste'.nway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
•ts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth acd
Broadway. Oakland. - ,
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
S6, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of- all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
Is being remodeled we will offer, the greatest
bargains in pianos and musical merchandise; |
call and. get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. ■ .
YOU want a piano. Why . not call on us?
SCOTT. CURTAZ PIANO CO. We rent, we
sell, we buy for cash. We own our own
building.- We guarantee anything purchased
from us for ten years. 626 Hayes st.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms. ISIS Market st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. sole agents for Chick-
•rlng, Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
UPRIGHT piano: cost new $300; 5 monthly
installments. 1115 Pout st.
BARGAIN: good Steinway upright; cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A SLIGHTLY used high grade piano; sacrificed
for cash. Room 10, Flood building. .
AN elegant Steinway. uprleht for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness are.
A PIANO that will please you. th 9 Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st. ' - .
HAINE3' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest: uprights. $71 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new t'.yles. K.OH-
LER A CHASE. 80 O'Farrell st. .
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'LLFR. maker, repairer. ? Latham place.
, LOST.
LOST— Physician's call book with, name inside.
Please return to room 37, Phelan building, and
receive liberal reward.
LOST— Male fox terrier; black and white. Re-
ward If returned to 810 Bush st.
BLACK Gordon setter, with leather collar: lost
Friday evening. 2401 Sutter St.; reward. .
BLACK poodle, clipped lion fashion; name
Black. 503 California St., room 611; reward.
LARGE St. Bernard bitch all clipped; has
' medicine on back. Reward. 811 Howard st.
OLD gold, silver and diamonds • bought at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
LOST, strayed or stolen, young white fox-ter-
rier slut, one brown car. Return to St. Law-
• rence Stable, 423 Post St.. and get reward.
DIAMOND set gold locket with monogram J.
W. Finder will be suitably rewarded by de-
livering at 116-11S Pine st.
IN Oakland, Nov. 13, lady's purse. Please re-
' • turn to 68 First st.; reward.
100 SHARER Mexican. Mining Co. stock: No.
79.C69. Return to M. S. MARTIN. Pacific
Stock Exchange, city: transfer stopped.
"found.
FOUND— cocker spaniel bitch; | white and
black ; short tail. ! Owner : can have same by
: proving property. 435 Stevenson st-
3 GOATS. Owner can have same by paying ex-
penses. Reservoir,. Hermann and Buchanan.
FOUND— Greyhound bitch. ' Call 27 Kate St..
near Eighth. ' - :---'■'■ ■ ■ -■-•■■
HORSES. ' .
60~HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia st.. between Thir-
: teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagon*,
harness, etc., at your own price. ■-?■ ■--- .- - : - ;
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies."
carts harness; - Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth;, auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads of horses from 1200 to
tOOO.lhs. Occidental S.ileayards; 721 Howard. -
•:: .:'. WAGONS and ■carriages. '■■
GROCERY or butcher wagon for " sale cheap.
1301 Folsom st.
CITY REAL ESTATE. ,
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY.
Branch Office on Ninth aye., near H st.
$400, $450 $500 to $SOO each; street graded, lots
ready to build on; $26 down, $5 monthly.
Unexcelled View. . Perfect Bargains.
Go to see them. Local agent on the Ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 TO $800.
$100 to $300; lots near Mission-at. electric
cars; ready to build on; $10 down, $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
PRICE reduced to $4000: one of the best corners
on Dolores st. lot 33x90: elegant residence
of 7 rooms and bath on end of lot: enough
vacant ground to build a store' and flats
above: house is new and all rooms are finely
decorated in latest style; terms $1200 cash,
balance in monthly installments. See o-vrner
at 232 Liberty st., near -Dolores. •
NICE cottage in the Potrero: 5 rooms and
bath. Address 245 Texas, near Eighteenth.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR RENT— IS-acre orchard and home; full
bearing (Hay wards). A. M. SPECK & CO..
602 Market st.
FOR rent or — Farm and dairy ranch of
500 acres in Tomales. Marin Co.: will carry
100 cows, with land to farm; Joins town and
depot; good roads; plenty water; rent $1500.
MRS. KEYS. Tomales. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400 CASH, $8 monthly, will buy a handsome s-
room cottage, bath, and everything about it
modern; very large lot; location the best in
Oakland; fine soil; grand view, yet level;
nice homes surrounding; a property for a
home worth seeing; streets all macadamized;
fine school and electric cars near by; city
water and sewer; entire ©rice $1250; a few
fine large 'lots $125; $10, $5 monthly upward;
also 3 choice corner lots at a bargain; Ga-
llndo Settlement. East Oakland. Call or
send for circular to 455 Seventh St., corner
Broadway, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, Owner.
A SNAP. : ~ ~
6-room, 2-story modern; lot 200x135; fenced;
windmill and tank; water piped over grounds;
$2000; one-half cash. • /
.'.-room cottage; modern: lot 37x100; $1500.
2 flats. 4 rooms each; modern; cement base-
ments; $1100.
5-room cottage: modern: lot 50x125; $1375.
2-story, 7- room; modern: lot 50x150; $1300: $300
cash, balance $15 par ■ month. W. M. ALLISON
CO.. 463. Ninth st., Oakland.
| BEAUTIFUL cozy home near station on broad-
gauge line. In qne of the best neighborhoods
In Oakland; 7 rooms and bath: open nickel-
plated plumbing; sandstone chimney; large
reception hall; modern and complete in every
particular; for sale at ■ a bargain: terms to
- suit; call at once for particulars. ■ Lake Shore
Land ; Co., A. H. BREED, Manager, 1070
Broadway. Oakland. ■
OAKLAND HOUSES. •
MODERN 6-room flats, $12 to $17; no dark rms.;
stove and porcelain bath; water, ash man
free: Adeline station. Oakland: key 940 Union
st. " KOKXTC, Ik KROLL. 100* Broadway.
' OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY. 1229— Unfurn housekpg rooms,
carpets; reasonable to responsible parties.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good »nd cheap. H. SCHKULr-
HAAS" old utore. 40R Eleventh «t. S»« him.
1 ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMIiUA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $ISOO, $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
j been thrown upon the market for non-payment
' of Installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
! tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and r.re finished up to
j date; almost new, and are located near schools
and 'stations. -
We are going to weed them out. and invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
$1400— TO close an estate; lot 40x100; modern
house. - 7 rooms ; 2 blocks from station and
school.
$1000— Snap; lot S0xl50; house of 4 rooms; i
i blocks from Morton st. station.
$2800— New Colonial cottage, 7 rooms and
I bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms,
i ■ Elegant home on Central aye. ; lot 50x207. Sea
| this at once. Houses to let in all parts of Ala-
I meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO. ;
I BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
builders and real estate agents. 1500 Park st.,
Alameda. Cat.
<
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
5-room cottage; bath, laundr.-; 1H acre*;
12 mm. walk to Berkeley stn. Freese A- Cod-
dtngtcn, 1119 Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley stn.
PROPERTY "WANTED.
WANTED— 2 to 10 acres land within 50
miles of city; suitable for a country home.
Send particulars to box 1511, Call office.
WANTED— From 3 to •15 , acres of Improved
land, within 30 miles of city; state particu-
lars and price. Box 1537. Call office. ;
HONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land 'or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no • commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at • tho lowest I rates. ; Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market St.; telephone Green 204.
ON furniture,: pianos, . city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. ISO Powell st.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates/ real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without 'removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 328 Montgomery st.
' . CARPET CLEANING. .
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
3S and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-67 Tehama st. Tel, S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
| J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.: cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
! CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
j Gate aye. ; tel East '-6. "
' ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
" - TYPEWRITERS^ • ~~~~
ALL tpewriters l sold and rented; few . partly
- tiled (or sale, cheap: send for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
! A HAMMOND, $25; Caligraph. »15; Yost, »25;
. get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery rt.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH i
• Birth, marriage • and death notices sent by
i mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
i in at either of the publication offices and be
| indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. '•
AUGUSTINY— this city. November 12. 189 S.
to the wife of, William G. . Augustiny, a
daughter.
CLIFFORD— this city, November 11. 1838, to
the wife of Frank A. Clifford, a son.
MARSHALL— In c this city, November 10, 1898,
I to the wife of Frank Marshal!, a daughter.
SCHREINER— In this city, November S, • 1898.
to the wife of F. Schreiner. a daughter, i . w
——~- -MABBIED.
DUNCAN— In Alameda. November 13,
1898, by the Rev. F. ■J. Masters, /Ilohert S.
Duncan and Caroline H. Bates, both \jf Ala-
"meda. . : ' . : ' * \ ' - -
/■ ~■: DIED. i' \ "
Ah Ham ' Hetael, George W. '■
Bradley, Bister Ur- * Hill, Sadie P. \
BUla •. , . . .'Jenkins, Mary . . "
Bull, Jennie C. Nevin. Eugene
Connelly. Catherine Paravagna; Louia
Cook, Mary R. Patch, Oscar A.
Bam, Samuel Pll6ter. Herman
Billon. Julia Pollock. Charles
Forbes, Victoria J. Reynolds, Charles
Giannini. Amadeo P. Scott, Chalmers
Gomm, Theresa A. Shean, May R.
Gress. Charlotte Silviera, Antonio J.
Gschwardner, Joseph Strauss, Barbette
Guinasso. Maria Valentini. Camille
Hanson. Lusinda G. Zeiie, Robert
AH HAM— In the City and County Hospital,
November 16. IS9S. "Ah Ham, a native of
China, aged 39 years.
BRADLEY-In San Jose. November 16. 1898.
in Notre Dame Convent. Sister Ursula Brad-
ley, daughter of the late Bernard and Chel-
ley Bradley, and sister of Mrs. Mary Mc-
Cormiek of Santa Clara and Bernard Brad-
ley of San Francisco, a native of County
Berry. Ireland.
BULL— In Ke!mont, November 15, IS9S. Jen-
nie Caldwell, widow of the late Alpheus
Bull, a native of WlUiamapert, Pa.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 11:3» o'clock, from her late
residence at Belmont. Friends will take tha
9 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
CONNELLY— 2a this city. November 15. 1898.
Catherine, beloved wife of William Connelly,
and beloved mother of James and William
H. Connelly and Mrs. M. Egan. a native of
County Donegal. Ireland, atred 62 years.
(Philadelphia papers please copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1515 Mason street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9;30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
COOK— In this city, November 15. IS9B, Mnry
R.. beloved daughter of Fred T. H. and Cath-
erine Cook, and sister of Mrs. 'G. D. Harper
and Fred, Kittle, Charles, Harry and John
•Cook, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years S months and 15 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, corner
of Stockton and Geary streets. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DAM— In Oakland, November 16, IS9S, Samuel,
beloved husband of Mary Dam, and father of
Cyrus. Albert S. and Alphonzo Pam. Mrs. H.
B. Baker, Mrs. Benjamin T. Shorey and Mrs.
T. Bell, a native of Portland. Me., aged 86
years 2 months and 29 days.
E~yFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the First Baptist
Church, corner of Fourteenth and Brush
streets, Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
DILLON— In this city, November 14. 1898.
Julia, beloved daughter -of P. F. and Nellie
Dillon, and sister of Henry, Lena, Edward,
Florence, Frank and Josle Dillon, a native of
San Francisco, aged 24 years.
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 75 Chattanooga street,
thence to St. James Church, corner Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FORBES— In this city, November 16. 1898, Vic-
toria Jane, beloved daughter of George and
Jane Forbes, and sister of Richard, Nellie,
John, George, Alexander, William, Minnie
and Margaret Forbes, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years 2 months and 28 days.
GIANNINI— In this city, November 15. 1898.
Amadeo P., beloved son of Amadeo P. and
Clorinda Agnes Giannini. and beloved brother
of Mario and Lloyd Giannini, a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 years and 1 month.
C?"rhe funeral will take place Saturday,
November 19, at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 615 Bay street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. Funeral private.
GOMM— In this city, November 14. 1898, The-
resa Adelaide, wife of Dr. William E. Gomm,
and daughter of Patrick and Julia A. Cleary,
a native of San Francisco.
(CFThere will be a solemn requiem high
mass for the repose of her soul this day
(Thursday), at St. Peter's Church, beginning
at 6:30 o'clock. Interment private. Omit
flowers.
GRESS— In Alameda, November 15. IS9S, Char-
lotte, beloved wife of George Gress, mother of
Arthur Bayley. sister of Mrs. George Man-
ley, and daughter of the late Dr. B. Lambert,
a native of Australia.
K7"Friemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister, Mrs. George Manley, Hotel En-
cinal corner High street and Enclnal avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, Alameda,
where mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, San Mateo
County, via 1 o'clock creek boat from foot of
Broadw&y, Oakland.
GSCHWARDNER— In this city, November 15.
IK9S. Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Mrs.
Fanny Gsohwardner. a native of Vienna.
Austria, aged 49 years.
E/Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente. Marini &' Co.. 1524 Stocktonr street,
th"nee to Wi Sutter strert. where services
will be held under the auspices of the Aus-
trian B. and M. Society. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
GIINASSO— In this city, November 14, 1898,
Maria, beloved wife of F. T. Guinassa, and
mother of Fred L. and David G. Guinasso,
a native of Italy, aged 50 years and 5 months.
EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 617 Green street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HANSON— In this city. November 14. 1898. at
Lane Hospital. Luoinda G. Hanson (ne«
Henry), a native of Illinois, aged 62 years.
HETZEL— In this city, November 15. 1898,
George W., beloved husband of Kate Hetzel.
and father of Leopold Hetzel. a native of
Scranton, Pa., aged 40 years.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1245 O'Farrell street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HILL— In this city, November 16. IS9B, Sadie
P., beloved wife of J. C. Hill, a native of
Sacramento, Cal., aged 30 years and 11
months.
JENKINS — In this city, November 14. 1898.
Mary, beloved wife of William Jenkins,
mother of Nellie, Annie, Maud, James and
Rose Jenkins, and sister of James Skelly,
Mrs. John Kiley and Mrs. D. Coslow, a na-
tive of County Longford, Ireland, aged 43
j-ears and 2 months.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 5?6 Stevenson street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oaklond. via creek boat leaving foot of Mar-
ket street at 11 o'clock.
NEVIN— In Oakland, November 16. IS9S, Eu-
gene Nevin, beloved father of Mrs. Mamie
Kitto. a native of Ireland, aged 58 years 4
months and 16 days.
PARAVAGNA— In this city, November 15. IS9B,
Louis, dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Paravagna. father of Mrs. Joseph Grondona.
Mrs. Josephine Pardini and Domeni^k Para-
vagna. and brother of Joseph Paravagna of
Stockton and Mrs. Teresa Miller of Sacra-
mento. ag»d 87 years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 .o'clock, from hts late resi-
dence, M 2 Union street, thence to Garibaldi
Hall. 423 Broadway, where the luneral serv-
ices will be held under the auspices of Gari-
baldi M. and B. Society at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PATCH— In this city, November 16, IS 1 )"!, at his
residence, 1260 Folsom street, Oscar A., be-
loved husband of Ellen Patch, and father of
William 0.. Fdith F. and May E. Patch, a
native of Klngvllle, Ohio, aged 57 years 7
months and f- days,
in?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
PILSTER— In San Mateo, November 14. I«9S.
Herman, beloved husband of Sophie Pilster,
a native of Germany, aged 35 years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. J. Gallagher & Co.. 20 Fifth street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
POLLOCK— In this city, November 16. IM
Charles Pollock, a native of Scotland, aged
33 years.
REYNOLDS— In the City and County Hospital,
November 35. I^9B. Charles Reynolds, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 52 years.
SCOTT— In San Diego. November 16, 1898,
Chalmers, son of the late Rev. W. A. Scott.
D.D., a native of New Orleans, aged 53 years.
SHEAN— In this city, November 14, IS9S. May
R.. dearly beloved daughter of John and
Katharine Shean. and sister of Alfred E..
Agnes L., Walter E. and the late Laura
Shean, a native of San Francisco, aged IS
years.
Cv^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday I *, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 219 Duncan street, thence to St. Pauls
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SILVIERA— In the City and County Hospital,
November 16. IS9B. Antcnio Joaquin Silviera,
a native of Portugal, aged 26 years.
STRAUSS— In this city. November 16, 18P8.
Barhfctte. beloved wife of Moses Strauss. on:l
mother of J. M. and Mips S. Strauss. Mrs. J.
Cohn, Mrs. Gus Shr.wi and Mrs. Gus Myers,
a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 72 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are invited
to attend the funeral to-morrow <Fridav>. at
10 o'clock, from her late residence. 1508 O'Far-
rell street. Interment Home of Peace Ceme-
tery, by 1130 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.
VALENTINI— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, November 16. 189 S. Camille Valentini. a
native of France, aged 5S y<-ars.
ZEILE— In this city, November 16, IS9B, Rob-
ert, beloved husband of Marie Zeile. a na-
tive of Reutlingen, Germany, aged 67 years
and 10 months.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from his late residence.
iJUt Ellis street, between Webster and Fill-
more. Please #nit flowers. Interment pri-
vate. I. O. O. > cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln &cbooi>
Telephone South 80.
1311
DEATH HER
REFUGE FROM
INDIFFERENCE
A Lover's Deceit Impeljed Pretty
Durie Heithier to Fire a Bul
let at Her Heart.
George A. Alexander Failed to Meet Her
and She Attempted Suicide at the Em
porium-She Had Threatened to Kill
Him-He Blackens the Dying Girl's
Character.
Another young life, which should
have been full of happiness and bright
hopes for the future, nearly went out
yesterday — the old. o-ld story of a maid
en's trusting devotion and a man's per
fidy. On a cot in the Receiving Hospi
tal, praying that a self-inflicted bullet
■wound will end her sorrow, lies pretty
Durie Heitheir, who shot herself in the
Emporium yesterday afternoon about
4:80 o'clock. She is barely 18. Her act
has brought grief to her widowed
mother, who was anxiously looking for-
MISS DURIE hjEITHIER.
■ward to the home-coming of her oldest
daughter at Christmastide.
Moaning with physical pain from the
bullet in her breast and suffering mare
poignantly from a broken heart,
believing she would die before her
mother's loving presence would bring
comfort and solace in her last hours,
the poor, weak girl told her sad tale to
the kind-hearted doctr/r who is endeav
oring with all his skill to thwart her
purpose of self-destruction.
With a woman's persistency she tried
at first to convince the doctor that she
•was simply discontented with her lot
and wished to die because the future
held for her only a hard struggle
against poverty and 'the evils of a
wicked world. But as she talked big
tears welled from her black eyes, and
realizing that to die with a falsehood
on her lips would be a greater sin than
any she had committed she unburdened
her heart.
When the pains were too great to
bear in silence she would call pitifully,
"Oh* mamma, mamma," and reach out
graspingly and blindly for the only hand
which can now assuage her anguish.
When the paroxysm was over, in a
faint, far away voice, she would re
sume her story- She gave all the de
tails and incidents of her school days
at home and at the University of the
"Yes, yes, it was all for love; all for
love, and he deceived me. Oh, my poor
mamma."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Raw With
Husband Had to Undress and
Dress Wife Like a Baby.
Doctors' Medicines Drove
Her Almost Crazy.
First Application CUTICURA
Gives Perfect Ease in Five ■
Minutes, and a Night's
Sound Sleep.
My hands were completely covered with
•ci'emi, and between my fingers .the skin
/as perfectly raw. I had to sit with both
aands held up, and away from the fire. I could
get no ease night or clay. I could not bear to
get warm, it would put me in a rage of itching.
My husband had to dress and undress meliko
a baby. The best physicians' medicines gare
roe no relief, and drove me almost crazy. 1
was advised to try Cut: •- tia Remedies, and
did so, although my busUrnd had to go twenty
miles to get them. As soon as he got back, I
used the Cuticuba i ointment), a.nd Jive min-
utes after theftrst application I was perfectly
easy and slept toundly all that night. I always
keep Ccticcba Remedies in my house now,
and recommend them to everybody, because
° ttelr —^gg-^am, Pulb , Va.
' BMSDT CUBB TBIATMJrr FOB TOBTTJIJirO, Dl*
no "," o Hukob^ mm Lo.. or Ha,..- W«n buh.
with Ccticcba 80*1". gentle »nointin(C» with utticcba
Bl.OLTßKT,gn»tettof biooo pnrifl«r»Md humor our«.
told threnghemtth.worid. »"««■&££ S**?*';//^
Pacific at San Jose, where she has been
studying for a few months, and then
when all was told she murmured:
For a long time she refused to give
the lover's name. When asked if she
did not wish to see him again, a sad
smile shone for a moment in her white
face and she whispered: "Yes. He is
George Alexander. His father's ad
dress is 401 Market street."
Before reaching the climax of her
story Durie said phe came to the city
from San Jose Monday morning. Be-
DURIE HEITriIER'S FAREWELL MESSAGES.
fore leaving the university she had de
cided to kill her faithless lover and then
shoot herself. Under a pretext that
she was fearful of being molested in
the city she borrowed a revolver from
a. friend and Harry Ryan loaded it for
her. jler story of the last two days in
the city was incoherent and contra
dictory, indicating that she did not
wish to tell all.
She said she was alone all day Mon
day and walked the streets that even
ing until 2 a. m., when she went to a
lodging house and secured a bed for
25 cents. The name of the lodging
house or its whereabouts she declared
she could not remember. Tuesday was
a repetition of the preceding day, with
the exception that in the evening she
drifted into the Olympia, not knowing
it was a beer hall. She was tired and
weak from hunger, not having eaten
anything but a sandwich all day.
While sitting in the concert hall her
beauty attracted the unholy attention
of a number of men, who accosted her,
but she told them to go away, and they
heeded her wishes. Later a stranger,
with kindly mien and solicitous man
ner, asked her if she had had any din-
ner. She answered no and immediately
received an invitation to dine. At first
she declined, but hunger was more po
tent than conventionality and she re
luctantly accepted the proffered hospi
tality. After dinner her host sought to
continue the acquaintance, but she
thanked him and left him.
Again she walked the streets until
long after midnight. Money she had
none, and after wandering aimlessly
about until exhausted she asked a po
lice officer to obtain a lodging for her.
The officer gave her some silver, and
she went to the nearest lodging-house,
but cannot remember what one. Here
she was frightened by a Chinaman
who seized her as she passed through
the hall. All night long she tossed in
nervous fear, and early yesterday
morning, worn out by the strain of
sleepless nights and want of food, she
aroße, determined to end it all with a
bullet.
She sent a message to --.exander ask
ing him to meet her at the Emporium,
but he did not come. She waited until
nearly closing time. Then she fired the
shot which may end her, life.
The would-be suicide's only regret is
that death was not instantaneous. She
repeatedly asked the doctor if it would
not have been more certain to have
fired the bullet into her head, adding,
"I was afraid the ball would glance on
my skull and not kill me; I don't see
why the bullet didn't reach my heart."
Dr. Thompson, who attended the
wounded girl, was unable to state last
night whether or not the wound would
prove fatal; He gave her narcotics to
induce sleep, and at midnight she was
resting quietly.
The report of the pistol-shot in the j
Emporium caused a mild sensation.
The sound came from the ladies' toilet j
room where the girl had locked herself i
in. Special Officer Allen happened to be !
passing at the time, and on trying thi> \
door he found it bolted. He crawkJ i
under the door and saw a young girl
moaning on the floor with a revolver
c'utched. in her right hand.
Allen unbolted the door and carried
the girl out. The ambulance was sum
moned and the girl was taken to the
Receiving Hospital. Dr. Thompson
found that she had shot herself In the
left breast. He probed for the !.»ul!-3t
but could not locate it, and had to de
sist owing to her weak condition.
THE SAX FKASTCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1898.
Whether the wound will prove fatal is
a matter of conjecture at present. The
revolver was a 22-caliber, and had one
chamber empfcy.
Anthony Hope's remantlc novel
"Simon Dale" was found beside the
wounded girl in the toilet room. She
had written in pencil on the front fly
leaf of the book the following ad
dresses: "Miss Durie Heithier, Univer
sity-Pacific, San Jose, 61 North Sec
ond,'" adding "myself;" "Mrs. Heithier,
Sono'ra. Tuol. C 0.," addln e f
"mother," and "Wilma Tannehill, 61
North Second, San Jose," adding
"friend." She had also written: "Tele
phone to friend and mother" and
"forgive me, mama; but I'm tired. On
the rear fly leaf of the book was writ
ten and partly obliterated: "Pardon the
liberty I- have taken, but you know
desperate cases need desperate rem
cclics **
A peculiar circumstance that is in
volved in mystery is that on the in
side of the front cover of the book was
written the address: "Edward Flynn
912 Market street." An attempt had
been made to rub out the name, but the
address was left intact. Edward Flynn
is a messenger in the District Tele
graph office, but he positively denied
knowing the girl and could not under
stand why his name should have been
written in the book. Flynn afterward
went out to the Receiving Hospital and
saw Miss Heithier. He did not remem
ber ever having seen her, but said he
might have delivered a message for her
at some time. She explained the entry
of Flynn's name in the book, saying he
had once gone on an errand for her and
she had no money to pay him., bhe
took his name and address so she 1 could
send him the amount due.
Here in the city where she has mar
keted past and future, hope, and may
be honor itself, for the cross of grief
and the pittance of death, Durie Hei
thier has one stanch, trusting friend.
He knew her in her home in the mount
ains- he has watched over her with a
brotherly eye during the few weeks
that have sufficed to work her ruin,
and in the face of many things which
he has found it difficult to explain to
even his own prejudiced mind, he main
tains his faith in her and swears her
more sinned against than sinning.
He is John Evans, a musiCTan of
some note and a young man of sterling
character. He knew Durle Heithier in
Sonora and was with her when she first I
met young George Alexander. He has j
known and frequently met them both i
since that day, not only in Sonora, but j
here in the city, where the girl has |
frequently been since she began school '<
at Santa Clara,
"I first met Durle at her home in So
nora," said Evans, last evening. "I
went up there a year ago last January
and stayed in the country for some
thing like nine months. Alexander got
there not long after I did. He worked
around the mines and prospected some
and all the time was looking for a job
as superintendent of one of the prop
erties in the neighborhood.
"A man gets homesick up there. It's
the loneliest hole on earth, and I had a
bad case of it until I got acquainted
with Durie and her folks. We became
the best of friends, and I used to spend
most of my evenings there at their
house. Some one, I forget who, intro
duced Alexander t« the girl, and he
also became a ficquent visitor, and I
could see almost from the first that
Durie had taken a great liking to him.
He didn't seem to care for her particu
larly, but he appeared to take a delight
in strengthening his hold over her, and
he finally gained complete mastery over
her. He didn't work any more than he
had to at any time, but after he got to
playing with the girl he worked less
than ever.
"Alexander and I came down here
finally and I did not see Durle again
until the last celebration of the Native
Sons at Nevada City, when I met her
with her uncle. She told me that before
Jong she was coming down to the coast
to go to school, and two months ago I
heard that she was at the University of
the Pacific.
"Since then she has been In San
Francisco nearly every week for a day
or so at a time, and every time she has
been here I have seen her in company
with Alexander. On this trip she got
up here last Monday. I saw her on
Tuesday with George and told her to
meet me that evening and I would take
her out to see my folks and would then
take her to the theater.
"She said she couldn't that night as
she had an engagement, so I arranged
to meet her this morning. When the
time came this morning I couldn't be
on hand as T had some business t< at
tend to, b.it I met her this afternoon on
Powell rtreet at 2:30.
"We stopped to talk, and I asked her
how everything was going and when
she was going back to school. She
said she had intended to go this after
noon, but that she had no money and
had sent to one of her chums at school
for some.
"We had been talking about five min
utes, and she kept looking up and down
the Btreet as though waiting for some
one and she told me that she had an
engagement.
"A few minutes later Alexander came
along and said 'hello' to me and barely
spoke to Durie. Suddenly he took her
by the arm and said 'Come along, we
haven't sot much time,' and they
walked away toward Market street.
"I don't like to say what I think of
Durie's act. I am certain. In spite of
everything that is said, that she's still
a good girl, but I do think that in some
way or other this fellow Alexander is
at the bottom of her trouble. He's the
sort for that kind of think. He had
rather do anything than work and he
has not worked for a long time. I know
that Durle would do anything for him.
The girl loves him, but I also know
that he does not care a cuss for her,
and there you have my idea of the rea-
son for her attempt on her life. Du
rie isn't the girl to go wrong, but she
is Infatuated with a man that does not
care for her, and he's probably to-ld
her so."
ALEXANDER BLACKENS
A DYING GIRL'S NAME
He Says She Wanted to Ex'.ort
Money From Him.
OAKLAND, Nov. 16.— George A. Alex
ander was seen at his home, 1020 Four
teenth street, Oakland. To a reporter
he said:
"I met Durie Herthier at Sonora,
Tuolumne County, £fbout six months
ago, while I was working in the Black
Oak mine. I had been attending the
State University at Berkeley, and my
father, believing the time had arrived
for me to gain some practical knowl
edge in this line, secured a position In
the mine for me. I had been working
there about a year, and last July I came
home to my. parents.
"Miss Herthier appeared to me as a
young woman of rather questionable
character, and I frankly admit, as I
did to my father, that perhaps I showed
a lack of discretion. In fact, it was
foolish, but I met her and was intimate
for a time, but I soon had no end of
trouble. Money appeared to be what
she was after, and this I gave her
whenever I had it. It wasn't much, I
admit, and I tried in every way to keep
away from her, but she haunted me
always.
"When I came home she left Sonora
and went to San Jose. From there she
telephoned to my home, asking where
she might meet me, but my relatives
who answered the telephone told her
they could not give any definite infor
mation.
"It seemed to me that she Imagined
my father had plenty of means and
that she would get some. On Tuesday
she came to San Francisco and early
in the evening I received an anonymous
letter, written on telegraph paper, re
monstrating with me for not having
kept some appointment and insisting
that I meet her in front of the Chroni
cle office. Well, I did not know what
to do; but I went. I met her at the
appointed hour and place and she
threatened to shoot me if I refused to
give her more money. Of course I gave
her some. Why she attempted suicide
is more than I can tell unless it is be
cause she is actually lovesick. You have
no idea how disastrous this whole af
fair appears to me, but I can assure
you that I am not to blame."
Alexander, while but 20 years of age,
is a young man of particularly fine phy
POVERTY AND DEATH,
GOLD AND PLENTY
Frank Berberich, an Old German, Dies a Miser and
Leaves a Fortune.
IN a small, dingy, cheerless room
in a cheap boarding-house, with
no friends to minister to him in
his last hours. Frank Berberich
died. Under circumstances made re
pulsive by the merciless hand of
poverty, the old German^s smark of
life fluttered out in the^^Vsilent
hours of the night. Com£ *bs and
barren was his deathbed i large
and substantial is the pile, » hoard
ed gold he has left behind him.
His was not unavoidable poverty,
for he was sufficiently possessed of
the world's goods to have purchased
the comforts of the rich man. But
the ruling passion, stronger even In
death than life, held him its slave to
the last, and he chose rather to die
alone and unattended than to spend
his dearly loved and closely treas
ured gold. In filth and squalor he
lived, and In it he died, triumphant,
in a sense. In that he defied life's
ease while on earth and gloried in
its misery in death, saving with
fiendish resolve and flinchless pur
pose his gold, the god of his exist
ence, the sole purpose of his efforts
and life. _ ,
Berberich's body was found in his
room yesterday morning by the
landlady. He lived at 515% Bush
street. No one seems to know any
thing about the man except that he
came here in the early days from
Pennsylvania and amassed a for
tune. No friends have been found
or any one who claims even an ac
quaintance with the old miser. He
left $120 in gold on his person and the
following deposits in banks: Hl
sique and is quite attractive \in feat
ures and > manner. ;He has always
moved in the best circles locally and
is popular. Otherwise ■he is known as
a home boy. of good habits; generally.
His connection with the case in point
caused no end of surprise to his friends
and acquaintances.
In speaking of the affair George
"Webb Alexander, the father, says:: '.'lt
is a case of a boy indiscreet, foolish, I
might say, who has perhaps allowed
his passions .to get the better of his
Judgment, but George is truthful •>" and
has frankly told us -just how it was.
He has had an awful time to keep this
woman away. If she imagines that I
have means I will say now that I have
no money with which to fix up matters.
As I understand it, George met her as
a woman of questionable character,
and -when he left Sonora she, was con/
tinually telephoning and writing letters
to him, to his great annoyance." ;;.> :
__ ♦
DURIE'S COMPANIONS
SPEAK WELL OF HER
Her Rash Act Ascribed to Jeal-
ousy and Grief.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 16.— Durie Heithier
entered the University of the Pacific
at the beginning of the semester in Au
gust. She came from Sonora, Califor
nia, where her widowed mother, Car
melita Heithier, now resides. She was
in the preparatory class. She was
thought a great deal of, and students
and faculty gave her a good reputation.
When Durle Heithier came here she
went to rooming with Wilma Tanne
hill, who is also from Sonora. The
girls secured rooms with Mrs. L*. A.
Theall on South First street, where
they stayed for a couple of months. On
November 4 they moved to Mrs. S»
Smith's at 61 North Second street.
Miss Tannehill was seen there to
night. She said Miss Heithier was a
very strange girl, and described her as
being moody, impetuous and impulsive
and extreme in her joys and griefs.
Miss Heithier, she said, had, been sick
for some time and had expressed a de
sire to kill herself. She went to San
Francisco Monday afternoon I.'1 .' That
morning she exhibited a small revolver
to Harry Ryan, a plumber, who exam
ined it.
Durie said the weapon had been given
her by Shirley Ashby, a student at the
university, who went about with her
a great deal. She told Ashby she was
going to San Francisco alone and
wanted the pistol to protect herself.
When she left the house she told them
she might not come back.
She was deeply in love with George
A. Alexander, who visited her on July
4 and again a little later. Miss Tanne
hernia, $3200; Savings and Loan,
$S3OO, and German Savings and
Loan, $8400, making- in all $19,900.
This will be taken in charge by the
Public Administrator, and as it is
reported that Berberich has a wife
and son living in Allegheny City,
Fa., an effort will be made to find
them. After the body had been re
moved to the Morgue It was sent to
an undertaker to be prepared for
burial. The funeral arrangements
have not yet been made, according
to the officials at the Morgue.
Mme. Houser, an Alsatian, is the
landlady who keeps the house on
Bush street where Berberich died.
Inquiry at the boarding-house failed
to throw much light on the history
of the dead man. The old German
came to live at her house about a
year ago. Where he came from she
did not know, but she had heard
that he had been made to leave by
his last landlady because of the
filthy condition In which he kept
himself. Mme. Houser, his land
lady, said her boarder had heart
disease, and could not walk upstairs,
so she gave him a room next to the
kitchen, as he was deaf and would
not be disturbed by the noise. One
night last week Berberlch came in
late and fell in the hallway. Madame
went to his assistance. She refused
to say positively, but she thought
her boarder was drunk at the time.
He appeared to be suffering In hla
left eide. He would not allow her
to send for a doctor, and went to
bed. Every effort to have him see a
physician proved fruitless, but on
\\ (flnesday he was in such agony
Madame sent for Dr. Louis Gross,
who came and found that Berberich
had broken two ribs by his fall. He
treated him and left him. Tuesday
night the old man was suffering
greatly, and yesterday morning he
was dead. She had learned Ber
berich had been a baker, and this
was all Madame knew.
Dr. Gross knows nothing of his
patient. He attributes his death to
heart disease caused by breaking
his rib*.
hill said she** gave her money to go to
San Francisco. Her only explanation
for the girl's act is jealousy and grief.
Mrs. Arthur Rice, who lives in the
same house, says Miss Heithier was
deeply worried all the time she was
there and cried a great deal. The girl
made a confidante of her and told her
she was in great trouble. Miss Heithier
told her that after she and Aliss Tan
nehill engaged the room on Friday,
November 4, they went to San Fran
cisco and stayed until the following
Monday. They were entertained by
Ben Rucker, a salesman at 300 Front
street, whom Miss Tannehill says is
Miss Heithier's guardian. He took the
girls to the theater, gave them supper
at the Baldwin Grotto and kept them
out until 2 o'clock in the morning. Miss
Tannehill returned home Monday, but
her companion remained another day.
She told Mxs. Rice she was in great
trouble and threatened to kill herself.
Sunday she cried the entire night, but
refused to tell her trouble.
HASTENING TO HER
DAUGHTER'S BEDSIDE
Durie's Mother Will Arrive
From Sonora To-Day.
SONORA. Cal., Nov. 16.— Miss Durie
Heithier, who attempted suicide this
afternoon in San Francisco, is the eld
est of the five children of Mrs. Matt
Heither, a widow of this place. She is
of Spanish and English parentage.
A Miss Tannehill of Sonora, who at
tends the University of the Pacific at
San Jose, while home on a visit in July,
gave such glowing accounts of the
school that Durie determined to finish
her education at that institution. Her
mother, who is of limited means, could
not send her and deprecated her going.
Durie persuaded her mother to let her
go, saying she would earn her way by
working out. She left here August 19
and went to San Francisco, where she
visited an aunt, who was there on busi
ness. On August 25 Durie was joined
by Miss Tannehill and they both went
to San Jose to school.
Mrs. Heithier was terribly shocked
at the sad news of Durie's rash act.
She cannot account for it. She had a
letter from her within a few days
wherein she expressed herself as get
ting along nicely with her studies.
Durie was born in Sonora about
eighteen years ago. She attended the
public schools of Sonora up to the time
she left for San Jose. She is a bright,
vivacious girl, possesses considerable
ability as a singer and had an inclina
tion for the stage. Her mother was
burned out July 4, and has just fin
ished rebuilding her home. She was
looking forward with pleasure to
Durie's home coming for the Christ
mas vacation. Mrs. Heithier will go
to San Francisco to-morrow to be at
her daughter's bedside.
THINKS BRANNAN
WAS POISONED
Patrick Brannan, a blacksmith, 71 years
of age, died at his residence, 4 Cedar
avenue, last night, under circumstances
that led his wife to suspect he had been
given poison by mistake at Smith's drug
store. ,
Druggist Smith, who put up the pre^
scription. knows nothing of the case what
ever. He says the prescription from Dr;
Klngla was sent to him and he followed
It strictly. He is positive that no such"
mistake as giving morphine for bismutK
could have taken place, as he has always"
used the greatest care In handling poisons
of all kinds. His opinion, like that of
Dr. Kingla, is that the man died from
natural causes, hastened perhaps by nis
age.
Ladles' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter St., r. ( and 7.
Dockery to Push the Charee.
Inspector Dockery arrested one of the
most pernicious nuisances of the commu
nity—a spurious butter-maker — on October
25. His prisoner, Fred Rexinger, was
liberated yesterday, the charge against
him having been dismissed. A. prison cell
will, however, fall to Rexinger again this
morning, as Dockery proposes to swear
to another charge which will hold water,
and which will in all probability result in
the conviction of the accused. The charge
yesterday was dismissed before Judge
Low upon the advice of the prosecuting
attorney, who believed that the complaint
was a little defective.
'..-' .. j . ♦ .
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cared. Dr.
Gordln, Sanitarium. 514 Pine. nr. Kearny. S.F. CaJ.
Kindergarten Entertainment
The Nathaniel Gray Free Kindergarten
will give a benefit at the residence of Mrs.
Carl Chester Gross, 2514 Green street, near
Scott, this afternoon, from 3 to 5 o'clock.
There will be a full attendance from the
kindergarten of about seventy-five chil
dren. Mrs. F. L. Whitney Is president of
the institution, Mrs. B. M. Ashton secre
tary, Mrs. George B. Smfth treasurer,
Mrs. Robert McKinsey, Mrs. William Pur
son and Mrs. C. S. Wright vice-presidents.
After the musical programme a series of
Biblical tableaus will conclude the enter
tainment.
Unable to Agree.
The jury in the case o^. Becker and
Creegan, the noted bank forgers, hais
been unable to agree on a verdict. Shortly
after 9 o'clock last night Judge Wallace,
after learning that the jurors could not
agree, ordered them locked up for the
night. It is understood tnat they stand
nine for conviction and three for ac
quittal.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is -pure.
Two Bankrupts.
Francis M. Danly of Alameda, a car
penter, filed in the United States District
Court yesterday a petition in bankruptcy.
His debts are $431 97 and his assets noth
ing.
O. M. Boyle of Santa Clara, a fruit
grower, filed a position for liabilities
amounting to $16,456. He also has no as
sets.
ADVERTISEMENT**. - j
Artistic
Elite Limoges French China
Decorated with festoons of
I white and yellow roses, gold
edges, graceful Romeo shapes
Bread, Butter, Dessert, Tea,
Dinner and Cake Plates
Salads, Chop Dishes
Coffee, Chocolate; Tea, and
5 o'clock Tea Cups
Spoon, Pin, Celery, Comb
and Brush Trays
Sugars and Cream Sets
. Everything attractive
Winning prices . x; • *
Great A m ca nI m ITe a Co.
861 Market. 705 LarkinSt.
140 Sixth St •■■ 1419 Polk st. . st. .
218 Third st 1810 l e visaderp St.
Kcarnv St 2008 1 illmore St.
146\fnt"^t 521 Montgomery Ay.
25 1 0 Mission St. 1 196 Kentucky =«'
3006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Minion St. ■
355 Hayes St. 52 Market St. v
;;.;,; OAKLAND STORES: .-
1053Washln5tonSt. 131 San Pablo A ye.
017 Broadway. 616 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St.
* SAN RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth.
Write for Catalogue*
ADVERTISEMENTS. .' S \
\^g«7X<*^t>^ In J.'.Fenimore
S/CJJk. C\ 'Cooper's Leather •
flnh^. \ Stocking Tales, we
/MkK\ - 1 / read stories of the "^
fffiis^^l // wonde rful agility,
\>nf\( \ A 'A physical endurance
M)I/M li\ %, and the un crrinBr a c-
JvAl \r\v curac >' of the eye of
£yj f A^"\ ie American Indian
yj I / \ \ when he reigned su-
jfj 1./ . \ I preme over this conti-
jn J^j ) 'I nent. Before he was
An/ •\'r"\'\ • debauched by modern
ff/ll //(// If/ civilization, he was a
ft/I / Jft I / magnificent specimen
%f] I' fftm ) I of physical manhood.
if]/ ] C-^3 He lived entirely, in
■■ (_J the open air, and
knew no medicine, save the simple herbs
gathered by his squaws. ,
Civilized man leads an unnatural and an
unhealthy life. Unlike the Indian if he
would maintain his physical and mental
health, he must take reasonable precau-
tions to combat disease. Nearly all dis-
eases have their inception in disorders of
the digestion, torpidity of the liver and
impurity of the blood. Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery is made of simple herbs.
It restores the lost appetite, makes diges-
tion and assimilation perfect, invigorate*,
the liver, purifies the blood and promotes
the natural processes of excretion and se-
cretion. | It sends the rich, red, life-giving
blood bounding through the arteries and
corrects 1 all circulatory disturbances. It .
dispels headaches, nervousness, drowsi-
ness, lassitude, and drives out air impuri-
ties and disease germs. It cures 98 per
cent, of all cases of consumption, bron-
chitis, asthma and diseases of the air-pas-
sages. It gives sound and refreshing sleep,
drives away all bodily and mental fatigue
and imparts vigor and health to every or- .
gan of the body. Medicine dealers sell it, =;
and have nothing else, "just as good."
"A few of my symptoms," writes Charles
Book, of Climax. Kalamazoo Co.. Mich.; "were
heart-burn, fullness after eating, pain In my .
1 bowels, bad taste in my mouth, and occasional :
fever and hot flushes. Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery cured all these and I am
perfectly well." ■ ' j.-y.r'r
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets are sure, •
speedy and permanent cure for constipa-
tion. One little " Pellet " is a gentle laxa-
tive and two a mild cathartic. They never
gripe. Found at all medicine store*. , :
; — — '. '■ : ■ '■ — ■■
3 -DAY SPECIALS!
; /- Our stores \yill^.e-
J5 main open evening lin-
: til Thanksgiving. * >' 1 :^_
FINNAN BADDIES, jbW^J;. ?j ßjj^j
>. The very first of the-;. '■ ■-. ; «.«'%:
rSABDINES, til v^ ,jM* . •#&&
• Selected flsh' put up *2- I*"'1 *"' *££'■ ■ '\'~.
In pure olive olUs>a2K' ' *!■ '■ ■ Jfr '•
.-Regular price iSc.^K^ V»V.. vtg
CHAMPAGNE (fi^-^al), pls?£..4otij|
A high jrra'de Qalifornla. ._ %L _, »
Champagne, featured by natural'.fermfenWi £
' tion.. • • »'• . . ' ;A ■ "^fi
- ; Regular price • 71»r,and $1 25. * £ -'mA>*
BOMBAY ClitfMY, qt. tot . ??fmfc
Five varieties.
Regular price 75c. i
WHISKEY focßrayer's), bo^fp^c
Bottled inAond under . >*■< ~»?jt
supervision of U. S. Government.-
Regular price $1 25. ;.,' »«,.
PLUM PUDDING, lib.: tin. . . . .2«c
Gordon & Dillworth's mail. *
Regular price 25c. -•„>". » ,
ASSORTED NUTS, Ib . $g. . ...121c
.All of the new crop and ■
the best in the market. , __, ; Qi j
In addition to our usual complete stock a
great lot of choice new delicacies.
Country orders solicited.
21 STOCKTON ST., i 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Klin 5522. . Tele|h»aa W*gt 152.
i ' -
HUNDREDS OF USEFUL. PRETTY. Q
| XMAS PRESENTS. X
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. g
SEND FOR BOOKLET, FREE. ' H
lilPI SP ro C R ' AL
BPfjSyi' 3 MORE
V?*^yn To-Morrow and
Pl^L RFTTFS I
JI L H RFTTF9
H . I* o»k— Something H
H Dainty for th» Sit-
H L— — i Ai ting Boom.
1 51.30.
M "Will be on exhibition and sale on
I Second Floor."
1 J. NOON AN,
M Complete House-Furnisher.
I 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST.
H Above Sixth.
H Phone South 14. ' Open Evening*. ■
,-,,.■— l«|irnTM — — li
ALMOST INTERESTING
COLLECTION of HOLI-
DAY GIFTS ON SALE.
Opticians a a k gency
642 Market St.
,■ CHRONICLE BUILDING-
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
X ;FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 2*.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKE.
, Yards at HOWARD AND BTB. ■ ! .
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES,** POWDER
ParU, J. ESPIC ; New York. E. FOUdERA * CO.
, ""■• ' «— B^lpy v ALL ORUCOIST> - • ?