VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO. 45.
SANTIAGO SURRENDERED
TO VICTORIOUS AMERICANS
SHAFTER'S TERMS
ACCEPTED BY THE
VANQUISHED DONS
Large flrea of Territory Given Up With;
Nearly Fifteen Thousand Soldiers,
Wf}o Will Be Returned to Spain.
O Copyrighted, 1896, by the Associated Prese* O
PLAYA DEL ESTE, Guantanamo Bay, July 14. 4p. m. — General Toral, commanding 9
© the Spanish forces in Santiago de Cuba, this morning sent a communication to General Shaf- o
ter indicating his willingness to accept the terms of surrender proposed yesterday and asking °
o the American commander to appoint Commissioners to meet the Spanish Commissioners to q
O arrange to send the Spanish troops back to Spain. O
q This will be promptly done. ®
The surrender of General Toral not only means the fall of Santiago, but, by the terms of o
® the surrender, the whole eastern end of the island falls into the hands of the United States with- °
O-. , ©
q out hnng a shot. o
The surrender is to include all the Spanish troops at Santiago, Guantanamo, Caima- O
® nera and Sagua, composing the Fourth Corps of the Spanish army. °
The portion of the province of Santiago de Cuba that lies east of the line from Sagua, o
® via Las Palmas to Aserradero. is surrendered to the United States. °
O O
oooocooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
NEW YORK. July 14— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Santiago has surrendered. Its
fall, added to our marvelous naval vic
tory, which resulted in the annihilation
of practically two-thirds of Spain's
navy, ÜBLts caused all Washington to
feel well satisfied to-night with the
progress of the war.
The story of the surrender of Santi
ago is thus told in the official dis
patches:
"PLAY A DEL ESTE, July 14.—Secre
tary of War, Washington: Before San
tiago, July 14 — General Toral has for
mally surrendered the troops of hiß j
army, troops and division of Santiago, !
on the terms and understanding that
hie troops shall be returned to Spain.
General Shafter will appoint commis-
Bioners to draw up th-- conditions of j
the arrangements for carrying out the
terms of surrender. This is very grati
fying, and General Shafter and the
officers and men of his command are J
entitled to great credit for their U'nac- !
lty and fortitude in overcoming the al
most insurmountable obstacles which
they encountered. A portion of the
army has been Infected with yellow j
fever, and efforts will be made to sepa- !
rate those who are infected and those ''
free from it, and to keep those who are
still on board ship separated from those
on shore. Arrangements will be imme
diately made for carrying out the fur
ther instructions of the President and '
yourself. NELSON A. MILES,
"Major General of the Army."
"PLATA DEL ESTE, July 14.— Ad- i
Jutant General, Washington: Have just i
returned from interview with General
Toral. He agrees to surrender on the
basis of being returned to Spain. This
proposition embodies all of Eastern
Cuba from Aserradero on the south to
Bagua on the north, via Palma, with
practically the fourth army corps.
Commissioners meet this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock to definitely arrange the
terms. SHAFTER,
"Major General."
Although the Spanish troops under
General Toral are to be sent back to
Spain, they are to go as prisoners of
war, and in this light the authorities
consider that the surrender is to all
intents and purposes unconditional and
in every sense a complete victory for
the American troops. That it has been
accomplished without additional blood-
Fhea is a matter of intense satisfaction
to the President.
Determined as he was that the city
must be assaulted from land and sea
until the enemy had been forced to
surrender, the President to-day ex
pressed his great satisfaction at the
outcome which avoided the necessity of
carrying out the instructions to military
and naval commanders, which would
undoubtedly have involved a serious
loss of life among our own forces as
■well as of the enemy.
T'ntil word was received that the sur
render had actually taken place, there
was a great deal of uneasiness and
concern amontr officials of the adminis
tration. It was feared that the Span
ish general was bartering for further
delay, and that an assault upon the
city would be necessary in the end.
With yellow fe-er increasing among
the troops in the trenches the President
was desirous that the end should come
at once so the troops could be removed
to healthful points and those already
stricken with the dreaded disease iso
lated and quarantined.
The first official announcement was
received about half-past 2 o'clock in a
brief dispatch from General Shatter.
The President was the flrst to be made
acquainted with its contents. He was
at the time having luncheon with Mrs.
McKinley, with whom he read the dip
patch aloud and immediately sent for
Secretary Alger and Assistant tfecre
The San Francisco Call
tary Corbin to discuss plans for send
ing away the Spanish prisoners.
There was not much to be done at
this end of the line as to the details of
surrender.
"This is a matter," General Corbin
aaid, after leaving the President, "to
be arranged by General Shalter, or
rather by the commissioners under *he
terms aJreadv agreed upon. Now that
the main question of surrender has
been settled the only thing necessary
to be done is to agree upon certain de
tails as to whether the Spanish troops
should remain in town or whether they
should be marched out on the plains
to lay down their arms. I assume that
all this will be arranged this afternoon,
and General Shafter, in accordance
with the dispatch just sent, will send
the full particulars some time to
night."
Among other points to be settled be
fore General Shafter occupies the city
are those relating to the destruction or
removal of the mines and other danger
ous obstcles in forts garrisoning the
city, the disposition of the surrendered
army, etc. All these questions involve
deliberation, and some time may elapse
before General Shafter is able to report
fully upon the conclusions reached by
the Commissioners.
Now that Santiago has fallen, the
control of the territory surrendered
comes prominently to the front and in
volves to some extent the question of
recognition of the independence of the
Cubans. Members of the Cuban Junta
are talking here to-night about making
the official capital of the Cuban republic
at Santiago. They are a little prema
ture, however, in thus reckoning. It is
not the intention of the administration
to place the Cubans in the control of
Santiago at this Secretary Alger
said that the control of the surrendered
territory would be in the hands of the
military and naval forces of the United
States, and that a military government
would prevail until the Spanish have
finally evacuated Cuba and a stable
form of government had been devised.
That portion of Cuba surrendered to
General Shafter by General Toral com
prises the territory at the extreme
eastern end of the island, east of a line
running northeasterly from Aserra
dero on the southern coast, a little
west of Santiago, to Sagua de Tanamo
on the north, and almost due north
from Santiago. This territory com
prises these three districts: Santiago,
Guantanamo and Baracoa.
The western districts of Manzanillo
and Hc-lguin, with its harbor of Gibara,
were not surrendered. It is not thought
that there are any Spanish troops with
in the surrendered territory besides the
12,000 to 15,000 surrendered in Santiago
city by General Toral.
Three thousand Spanish troops were
near Guantanamo at the time of the at
tack upon the United States marines,
but I am informed at the department
that most of them effected a Junction
with troops from Holguin and cut their
way through Garcia's line into Santi
ago. These troops amounted to about
4000, leaving in Holguin district about
5800 men, 3000 of whom, however, have,
it Is feared, gone to Porto Rico with
General Bernal. In Manzanillo district
there are about 12,000 troops, and these
are still there.
The surrender, of course, carries with
it the turning over to General Shafter
of all fortifications, guns and other mu
nitions of war of all kinds in Santiago
or any other part of the surrendered
territory, as well as any gunboats or
other vessels belonging to the Spanish
Government in any of the waters em
braced within the limits named by Gen
eral Shafter. It is also necessarily im
plied that the authority of all Spanish
officials, civil as well as military, in
the surrendered territory ceases, and
that all functions of government are
to be exercised under direction of the
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1898.
commanding officer of the American
military forces.
FIVE CASES HAVE
RESULTED FATALLY
WASHINGTON, July 14.— Reports
that have reached the War Depart
ment show there has been mortality
among the yellow fever cases with
Shafter's army. This, however, has
been slight, as it is said that up to the
present time but five cases have re
sulted fatally. If any report of addi
tional cases was received to-day the
officials declined to make it public.
Meanwhile Surgeon General Stern
berg is making arrangements to sup
plement the working force of immune
physicians and nurses at Santiago. He
announced to-day that on Monday a
vessel would leave New York carrying
an additional number of this class of
workers and a large consignment of
hospital surgeons. As indicated in
General Miles' telegram to Secretary
Alger, the policy of isolating the sick
from the well at Santiago will be put
into practical operation, and the offi
cers hope that by this course the
spread of the disease will be retarded
and kept within the limits in which it
has gained a foothold.
The sick and wounded who will ar
rive in New York in a few days on the
transport Seneca will be distributed be
tween New York and Brooklyn hos
pitals pending their recovery. One
hundred are to be sent to the marine
hospital at New York and the re
mainder to various places in Brooklyn.
The ambulance ship Solace, operated
by the navy, is hourly expected at
Fortress Monroe with forty-four sick
and wounded from Shafter's army.
SIMPLIFIES THE
FEVER PROBLEM
NEW YORK, July 14.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: "The surrender of Santiago,"
said Surgeon General Sternberg to me
to-day, "makes the yellow fever prob
lem there a &nod deal simpler. Up to
this time the medical department offi
cers, with the troops packed tog3ther
under orders in the wet trenches, were
comparatively helpless to deal mosc ef
fectively with the pestilence. But low
that they are out of these trenches we
can isolate them in the hospitals on
the hills. Those who have not suc
cumbed to the fever will have been
separated, and they will not be nblo.
to be taken away with safety to other
places before they have been quaran
tined for at least five days."
While General Sternberg was deeply
sensible of the gravity of the situation,
he was averse to saying anything that
might cause alarm among the relatives
of soldiers. The fact is, however, that
the number of cases has gone beyond
the hundred mark and the conditions of
Santiago are much more grievous, 1
am informed on accurate authority,
than will be admitted by the Wa* De
partment to the public. They ar<? even
wors.i than indicated in the dispatch
from General Miles this morning, which
was with reluctance given out by the
War Department. Here is an extract
from General Miles' dispatch, the first
official information of fever among the
troops: "A portion of the army has
been infected with yellow fever and ef
forts will be made to separata those
who are Infected from those free from
it and to keep those who are still m
board ship separated from those on
shore. Arrangements will be imme
diately made for carrying out the fur
ther Instructions of the President and
yourself."
HOW PRISONERS
WILL BE DEPORTED
NEW YORK, July 14.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Trans
ports will have to be provided for from
On the Northern Coast of Cuba, Near Cape Maysi, One of the Spanish Strongholds That Pass Into
American Hands by the Surrender of Santiago. This Place Was Visited by Columbus on His
First Voyage and Named by Him Puerto Santo. The Town, the First on the Island, Was Founded
in 1512 by Diego Velasquez, Who Called It 4< Neustra Senora de la Asuncion" and Made It the
Capital and Bishopric Until Both Were Removed to Santiago Some Years Later.
SPAIN PREPARED
TO SEEK PEACE
Concessions the Castilians May
Make to Terminate the Dis
astrous War.
NEW YORK. July 14.— The Washington correspondent of the Herald
sends the following:
Independence for Cuba.
Transfer of Porto Rico to the United States in exchange for the Phil
ippines.
Coaling station in the latter island for the United States.
Spain is willing to make these concessions to obtain peace, according to
a dispatch received by President McKinley from a semi-official source.
Administration officials with whom I talked after they had learned of the
contents of the dispatch informed me that an official proposition embrac
ing these terms would be accepted by the United States. Thus, if Presi
dent McKinley's informant is correct, peace in the near future is an abso
lute certainty. His dispatch stated that the Ministry at a meeting to
day had definitely determined to abandon the struggle, and had decided
to sue for peace on the terms set forth.
In some circles I find a disposition to accept the information as entirely
trustworthy, while in others there is some doubt. There seems to be a
general impression among administration officials, however, that the pros
pect of thf* commencement of negotiations for a cessation of the war is ex
tremely bright.
This impression is primarily based upon the action of General Toral
after consultation with Madrid in surrendering Santiago and the troops
under his command. Secondarily, it is based upon the reports received
from Madrid, showing that the people are becoming convinced of the use
lessness of continuing the struggle, and that pressure is being exerted in
the interest of peace by the Vatican and by at least one of the European
powers.
The information In the possession of the authorities shows that it has
been the cry of the army from the start that it stands ready to retrieve the
losses of the navy. The fact that General Toral with between 10,000 and
12,000 men has surrendered will now doubtless cause the army to fall in line
in a general appeal for peace.
It can be stated on authority that no representation has yet been made
to this Government either from its agents abroad or foreign representa
tives in Washington respecting its attitude on the peace question or the
terms which it will be willing to accept. There is no doubt of the intention
of the President to push the campaign against Porto Rico and dispatch the
eastern squadron to operate against Spain, provided that the Government
has not been satisfied with the mauling it has been given.
President McKinley would, however, much prefer that the war would
end, and therefore is willing to be as lenient with the Spanish Government
as possible. He does not propose to demand an indemnity. Spain is too
poor to pay an indemnity, and would be greatly embarrassed if pressed on
this point. Besides, it is felt that she would rather continue the war than
to burden herself with additional obligations.
The administration is not desirous of retaining the Philippines. It
would be satisfied with Guam Island and a coaling station in the Philip
pines, and if necessary Guam Island alone, if Spain should propose, as indi
cated in the disoatch of the President's informant, to make Cuba independ
ent and turn Porto Rico over to the United States.
12.000 to 15,000 Spanish troops, which
will be taken from the city of Santiago,
probably to Cadiz.
A dispatch came from General
Shafter to-night, stating that to be the
number of prisoners within the city.
During the day a plan had been drawn
up by the authorities, the main feature
of which consisted in asking for bids
from anywhere, leaving the ships of
any nation free to .compete for the
transportation of Spanish troaps. The
authorities desired to. hear further
from General Shafter touching the de
tails of the surrender before the text of
this call for bids was given to the
President. With this end In view, two
cable dispatches were sent to him ask
ing for these details. Meanwhile noth
ing was heard from him except as to
the number of troops to be transported.
A third dispatch was sent to General
THE CITY AND HARBOR OF BARACOA,
Shafter asking for details of the sur
render, after an answer to which the
proposition of Government approval
will be given out. So man-- lower esti
mates have been put upon the number
of troops commanded by General Miles
that information as. to the real number,
although agreeing with the amount
already given h- the Herald, caused
surprise In some quarters, but on the
other hand It gave assurance- that none
of Toral's army had escaped, which was
gratifying to the President.
PEACE BLOCKED BY
GENERAL BLANCO
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898. by James Qor
don Bennett.
MADRID, July 14. — General Blanco
EUROPEAN POWERS
AND PHILIPPINES
Reported flgreemeot by Which
Each Nation Will Protect Its
Own Interests.
° PARIS, July 14. — The Matin has received from its Lon- °
o don correspondent, -who has unusual sources of information, o
O a dispatch in which he says the European chancellors are now O
® discussing the question of the eventual intervention of the J
q powers in the Philippine Islands. The Embassadors at Berlin, q
O the correspondent adds, have advised their Governments re- O
® specting Germany's line of policy, which seems quite settled. **
O Germany would prefer the maintenance of the status quo, o
O but if, as a consequence of the w : ar, Spanish sovereignty dis- O
2 appears, American sovereignty must not be its successor. An ®
O international agreement, -the Matin correspondent further q
0 asserts, will be established, and the powers interested in the O
2 islands would each be called on to protect its own interests. ®
P The correspondent adds: . O
0 "This is the logical outcome of the Monroe doctrine, the ®
o principle of which will be employed in Europe in order to o
O protect itself against American interference, and, unless ap- ©
® pearances are deceptive, Great Britain, in spite of the talked- ®
O of Anglo-Saxon alliance, will do the same as the other o
O powers." 2
ooooooooooooooooooooooooocooooooooooo
and the Cuban volunteers to-day form
the keynote of the governmental atti
tude. The former telegraphs that it Is
impossible for the volunteers of the
army in Cuba to accept the proposi
tions of peace suggested. However,
the fall of Santiago might change the
opinion of the defensive forces in Cuba.
The Bourse fell to-day on the report
of the hard demands made by the
United States, which are considered on
'change as meaning a continuation of
the war. Senor Gamazo, who is reck
oned next to Saeasta as the strong
man of the Cabinet, made a statement
to-day, in the course of which he said:
'•I am a partisan of peace imme
diately, but if the Americans propose
insupportable humiliations Spain will
defend herself, 'con las unas y los dlen
tes -_that is, with nails and teeth."
THE MARBLEHEAD FIRES
ON A FRENCH GUNBOAT
Two Six-Pounders Across Her Bows
Brought the Foreigner Up
With a Jerk.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
PLAYA DEL ESTE, Guantanamo
Bay, July 14. — A French gunboat of
about 2000 tons displacement attempted
to come into the harbor about dusk to
night without permission, and met with
a surprise party. The cruiser Marble
head fired a blank shot as the gunboat
came into the entrance to the harbor,
but no attention was paid to thiß, and a
shot from a Blx-pounder was sent
PRICE FIVE CEKTS.
across her bow. This, too, was dis
regarded, the gunboat coming along
under full steam.
For a few minutes it looked as if a
row was possible. The trumpets on
the Marblehead rang out a call to
quarters and another shot was sent
across the Frenchman's bows, this time
in uncomfortable proximity. That
warning was sufficient, however, and
the Frenchman stopped with extreme
suddenness.
It is against nav^l custom for a war
vessel of one nation to enter a port
which vessels of another nation are
blockading unless permission is
granted. The captain of the French
gunboat was either in ignorance of the
American occupation or chose to dis
regard it until forcibly reminded of
the fact by Commodore McCalla. The
gunboat was allowed to anchor in the
lower harbor for the night.
SPAIN DESIROUS CF
PEACE WITH HONOR
But She Will Resist Great Territorial
Sacrifices Regardless of
Consequences.
LONDON. July 14.— A dispatch to tha
Times from Madrid, says: Peace pros
pects are improving. Symptoms of a
change are especially marked in commer
cial circles. The Madrid Chamber of Com
merce has received telf-grams in favor of
peace from Cadiz, Vigo and elsewhere,
but nobody favors it at any price. The
movement may be described as a desire
for peace with honor, without great terri
torial sacrifices. Inordinate demands
might easily arouse a warlike spirit, com
pelling the Government to swim with the
popular current, regardless of conse
quences.2
BIRDSEYE VIEW OF THE PROVINCE OF SANTIAGO DE CUBA,
Showing the Principal Cities and Ports and the Line Running From Aserradero on the Southern Coast Through Palma Soriano on
the Grand Highway to the Coast on the Northeast oi liolguin. This Line Marks the Westerly Boundary of the Territory
Surrendered to General Shatter at Santiago Yesterday.
MILES AND TORAL
MEET UNDER A
FLAG OF TRUCE
Terms of Surrender Discussed
by the Commanders of the
Rival Forces.
GENERAL WHEELER'S HEAD
QUA RTERS BEFORE SANTIAGO DE
CUBA, July 13, 4 p. m., via Kingston,
Jamaica, July 14. — White flags still flut
ter over the opposing lines. The truce
has been extended until to-morrow
noon and negotiations looking to the
surrender of Santiago are proceeding.
Both sides have yielded somewhat. Gen
eral ToraJ, the Spanish commander, re
alizes the hopelessness of further re
sistance and tne American commander,
pal Shafter, is inclined to reduce
the harshness of the terms which he at
first proposed to impose upon the ene
my.
It appears that on Monday General
■i did not again demand the un
conditional surrender which General
ToraJ had refused on Sunday, but of
fered as an alternative proposition to
pt the capitulation of the enemy
and to transport the Spanish officers
and troops to Spain, they to leave all
their arms behind and he to accept their
parole. It was this proposition which
General Toral declined yesterday.
This morning it was decided to hold
n personal Interview with General To
ral. General Miles and his staff, who
got no further than General Shafter's
headquarters last night, accompanied
by General Shafter and his staff, rode
out to the front shortly before 8 o'clock
under a flag of truce. A requeit for a
personal interview with the Spanish
commander-in-chief was made and ac
ceded to and at about 4 o'clock General
Miles, General Shafter, General Wheel
er. General Gilmour, Colonel Course,
Captain Wiley and Captain Maus rode
up. passed over our intrenchments and
went down into the valley beyond. They
were met by General Toral and his
chief of staff, under a spreading mango
tree, at the bottom of the valley about
half way between the lines. The inter
view that followed lasted an hour.
The situation was placed frankly be
fnro General Toral, and he was offered
the alternative of being sent home with
his garrison or leaving Santiago prov
ince, the only condition imposed being
that he should not destroy the existing
fortifications and should leave his arms
behind. This latter condition the Span
ish general, who does not speak Eng
lish, explained, through his interpreter,
was Impossible. He said the laws of
Spain giive a general no discretion.
He might abandon a place when he
found it untenable, but he could not
leave his aims behind without subject
ing himself to the penalty of being
court-martialed and shot. His Govern
ment had granted him permission to
evacuate Santiago. That was all. Fur
ther than that he was powerless to go.
Without saying so in words, General
Miles said the tenor of General Toral's
remarks all betrayed his realization
thnt he could not hold out long. When
General Shatter explained that our re
inforcements were coming up, that he
was completely surrounded and that
new batteries were being posted,
<:■ leral Toral simply shrugged his
shoulders. "I am but a subordinate,"
said he. "and I obey my Government.
If it is necessary we can die at our
nosts."
In the course of an interview General
Toral said the bombardment of Sunday
and Monday had done little damage.
He admitted that shells from the guns
of the fleet had destroyed four houses,
but he asserted that only half a dozen
soldiers of the garrison had been in
jured. He also volunteered the infor
mation, when General Miles gallantly
Inquired after General Linares' condi
tion, that the latter would probably
have to undergo the amputation of his
left arm at the shoulder.
General Miles at the interview did
not attempt to assume the direction of
the negotiations, but as general of the !
United States army he vouched for the
conditions General Shafter offered.
Upon the return of our commanders j
to the American lines a consultation !
was held at General Wheeler's head
quarters. Generals Garcia and Cas
tillo with their staffs had ridden :
around from the extreme right to see
Miles. It was a notable group gathered
under the protecting awning of Gen
eral Wheeler's tent.
Assistant Naval Constructor Hobson,
the hero of the Merrimac, who had :
come to the headquarters with mes- :
sages from Rear Admiral Sampson,
was also present. The situation was
discussed with the aid of a profusion
of maps, and at the conclusion of the :
| conference luncheon was served. After
this General Miles, General Shafter and
| General Garcia with their staff rode off
Ito inspect the position on the right
: flank. They all agreed that General
Toral was securely wedged in and that
1 escape was impossible.
Two of General Randolph's batteries
reached the front to-day and were
j posted in the center of General Law
ton's division of the extreme right,
j where they command the town beyond
our lines and over the churches, hos
pitals and other public buildings flying
i the Red Cross flag to the eastern edge \
i of the city.
— — —^_^— __
EXPEDITION LANDS
AFTER A COMBAT
American Force Carries Out a Daring
Project With the Loss of Only
One Life.
j. KEY WEST, July 14.— Those cham
pion niibusterers, the Florida and Fa
; nita, under convoy of the little gunboat
| Peoria, have landed the largest and
probably the last expedition sent to the
aid of the insurgents. It was a task
, beset with peril and difficulty, costing
i one man his life and wounds to a half-
I dozen others.
Captain Jose Manuel Nunez, brother
of General Emilio Nunez, was killed.
. Winthrop Chanler of New York was
' shot through the right elbow and five
1 Cubans suffered trifling injuries. How
j many Spanish lives answered for this
i will never be known, but there were
' enough to more than balance the score.
The debarkation was effected on July
; 3 at Palo Alto, on the southern coast of
j Cuba, but the fighting occurred before
then.
On board the steamers were thirty- |
five Cubans under General Nunez, fifty
troopers of the Fifth United States Cav
alry under Lieutenants Johnson and
Ahefn and twenty-five Rough Riders !
under Winthrop Chanler, brother of j
Colonel William Astor Chanler, two I
dynamite guns, with 150 thirty-pound i
projectiles, two full batteries of light |
field pieces and a large quantity of i
small arms and ammunition.
Four miles west of Las Tunas, at the
mouth of the Tallabacoa River, stood a I
large fort, built of railroad iron and
surrounded by earthworks. The Peoria
ran boldly in and fired several shots
from her three-inch guns, but brought
no response and no signs of life. A
scouting party, made up of fifteen vol
unteers under Winthrop Chanler and
as many Cubans under Captain Nunez, I
was sent ashore. The Peoria toak a po- '
sition within short range of the fort i
to protect a landing or cover a retreat, I
as events might determine, and the
small boats headed for the shore. They
reached it 600 yards east of the fort
and the boats were beached and their
occupants cautiously scrambled toward
the brush. At almost the very moment
they set foot eu the sands the forts and |
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1898.
entrenchments burst Into flame and
shot and shell screamed about the lit
tle band of Invaders.
Captain Nunez was stepping from his
boat when a shot struck him clean be
tween the eyes and he went down,
dead. Chanler f<-ll with a broken arm.
The others safely gained the thicket
and replied with a shar^ fire directed
at the entrenchments. Meanwhile the
Peoria set ail her guns at work and
rained shells upon the fort until the
enemy's fire ceased.
a retreat was ordered and the party
rushed for the boats, but volley after
volley came from the shore and they
were compelled to throw themselves
into the water and paddle along beside
the boats, with only their heads ex
posed, until the ships were reached.
Five Cubans were wounded, though
none seriously.
The Peoria opened her puns on a
grove of cocoanut palms, from which
the Spaniards had been sending in a
hot fire, and must have killed many
Spaniards, for her shells dropppd into
the smoke and Hash of the adversaries'
fire, silencing it..
When the small boats reached the
ship the discovery was made that be
sides Captain Nunez, whose body was
left on the bea<"h, there were missing
Chanl- r, Pis. Lund and Abbott, Lieu
tenant Agramonte and two Cubans. It
was reported that Chanler had been
mortally wounded and was k<;"->t afloat
in the bushes along the shore by the
two doctors. Four rescue parties were
sent ashore during the night. Toward
morning Lieutenant Ahem, in charsre
<>f one of these, found Chanler and his
companions. Chanter's wound proved
to be in the right elbow. After sunrise
Agramonte and his Cubans were dis
covered and brought off.
The next clay the gunboat Helena ar
rived, and on Friday morning she and
th-; Peoria attacked Las Tunas. The
Spanish gunners fired but fifteen or
twenty shots before their suns were
living in the air, their earthworks a
mass of blood-stained dust and their
gunners running for their lives. 'Both
the Peoria and the Helena were struck
several times, but none on either ship
was injured. As they withdrew several
buildings on shore were in flames.
That afternoon both ships again
turned their attention to the fort and
the entrenchments at the mouth of the
Tallabaooa River, and for half an
hour poured a wicked fire upon them.
Thf Spaniards had been largely re-
Inforced during the day and some field
pieces had been mounted near the fort.
These replied to the American fire, but
without effect, and the shells of the two
ships speedily silenced them.
During the night the landing expedi
tion proceeded to Palo Alto, fifty miles
to the eastward. While the Helena lay
• iff shore making lively play with her
searchlights toward the shore the Pe
oria, the Florida and the Fanita slipped
silently away. They reached Palo Alto
at daybreak, and the men and cargo
were put ashore without a single ob-
Btacle.
CERVERA TO BE SHOWN
MARKED ATTENTION
Will Have the Freedom of Annapolis
and Be Allowed a Limited
Quantity of Wine.
NEW YORK, July 14.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: When
Admiral Cervera arrives at Annapolis
to-morrow he will be honored with all
the attentions, excepting: the boom of
puns, usually accorded an officer of his
rank. It has been determined that upon
the arrival of the St. Louis at the An
napolis anchorage, an officer shall be
sent aboard, carrying with him papers
which Admiral Cervera and his subor
dinates will be requested to sign. These
papers place them on parole. Any who
refuse to sign will be restricted to
houses to be selected for them and
guards stationed to prevent their
departure. No doubt is felt, however,
that all will sign the papers and then
they will have the freedom of the acad
emy grounds and the city. Admiral
Cervera will have a house to himself
with servants, and will be allowed a
limited' quantity of wine.
Carranza, the Spy, Did Not Sail.
MONTREAL, July 14.— Yesterday there
were rumors - at Lieutenant Carranza
j did not sail with Senor Dv Bosc. To-day
I it is positively known that Carranza was
impersonated by an unknown person and
! did not board the ship. Where Carranza
! is now is a mystery.
Oakland Girl Weds at Honolulu.
H-. OLULU, July 6 (via Victoria, B.
C. July 14).— C. Van Hamm and Miss Ber
nlce Young, a daughter of Alexander
Young of Oakland, Cal., were married
June 30.
WHAT AMERICAN
FORCES HAVE DONE
IN TWO WEEKS
Crushing Defeats of Spaniards on
Land and Sea— Zone of Terri-
Tory Surrendered in Cuba.
WASHINGTON, July 14.— The first
chapter in the land campaign of the
United States against Spain closed to
day when the Spanish colors gave place
over Santiago to the American flag.
Next will follow the transportation of
the Spanish troops back to their native
land and the capture of the island of
Porto Rico, unless peace soon inter
venes.
The siege of Santiago had lasted two
weeks and was remarkable in many
respects, and In none more than the
heavy percentage of loss through death,
wounds or sickness of the soldiers and
sailors engaged on both sides. Look
ing* back over the record of these two
weeks it is seen that a great Spanish
squadron has been destroyed; that near
ly a thousand Spanish sailors have
been drowned or killed by shell and
flame, and that an untold number of
Spanish soldiers have died in the
trenches of Santiago. On the other
hand, about 250 American soldiers have
been killed, and in round numbers 2(00
more have been sent to the hospitals
from wounds, fevers and other ail
ments.* Our fleet had a remarkable ex
emption from disaster in the many en
gagements it had with the forts at the
entrance off the harbor and with the
Spanish squadron.
"Next is Porto Rico " said Secretary
Alger, after receiving news of Santi
ago's formal surrender, "and then, if
need be, Havana."
The Secretary was in excellent spirits.
He has been more anxious than he
dared to show as to the condition of our
sick soldiers and looked with apprehen
sion upon the possibility of a prolonga
tion of the struggle in the unhealthy
valley of Santiago. The Secretary said
that the Porto Rican expedition would
go forward immediately. It will com
prise new men entirely. The warriors
in the trenches before Santiago have
distinguished themselves and it is not
deemed proudent to bring them in un
necessary contact with new troops in
view of the danger of spreading con
tagion. The sick soldiers will be nursed
back to health and brought to the
United States as soon as they can be
safely removed. Immune regiments
will be ordered to Santiago to garrison
the town and, as stated in these dis
patches yesterday, two of these regi
ments are already under orders to pro
ceed.
The Porto Rican expedition will be
commanded by General Miles in person,
though General Brooke, now in com
mand at Camp Thomas, is expected to
be his dependence. The size of the ex
pedition will depend upon General
Miles* wishes, although it is believed
that 25,000 men will be sufficient for the
purpose. At San Juan the navy will
be of greater assistance than it was at
Santiago, owing to the possibility of
approaching the town more closely
without risking contact with mines.
General Brooke is now on his way to
Washington, by direction of Secretary
Alger, so that he will be in a position to
make his views direct to the depart
ment. The experience gained in dis
patching Shafter's expedition, it is ex
pected, will aid the officials in their de
termination to make short work of the
Porto Rican affair.
There -will be plenty of transports
available for the expedition, as the
Government has devised other means
of removing the Spaniards captured at
Santiago to Spain than by carrying
them on those transports. That the
navy is ready to do its share at short
notice goes without saying. Porto Rico
is not expected to offer a very formida
ble Resistance. It is believed that the
moral effect of to-day's surrender at
Santiago will be to discourage the de
fenders of San Juan. There is, how
ever, always the prospect that peace
may ensue before hostilities have pro
gressed against Spain's easternmost
West India island. Rumors were afloat
this afternoon to the effect that the
Spanish Government at last had made
overtures in that direction, but that
their basis probably was the current
belief that one more reverse to the
Spanish army would be sufficient to
compel the Spanish Government to sue
for peace, and that this reverse was
furnished by the surrender of Toral's
army. The Navy Department has not
been affected by these rumors to the
extent of relaxing any of its precau
tions or abandoning any of its plans,
for Secretary Long stated unequivocal
ly to-day that Commodore Watson's
eastern squadron would certainly go to
Spain as soon as it could sail.
The territory surrendered to us by
General Toral makes about 5006
square miles. The Spanish soldiers to
be sent to Spain are estimated at 10,000
men. Major Hopkins, the military
aide to Secretary Ai^rer, this afternoon
had spread before him a huge map of
Cuba, showing the surrendered zone
turned over to the American troops.
The line begins at Aserradero, about
fifteen miles west of Santiaeo harbor,
and then runs due north about twenty
five miles to Palmo Soriano. Had the
line continued due north it would have :
passed west of Holguin, thus taking !
the Spanish garrison of that point.
Evidently General Toral wished to !
avoid the inclusion of Holguin, so the !
line turns abruptly to the northeast of
Palmo and then runs to the coast town
of Del Casa, on the coast. The extreme
length of this surrendered tract is
about 110 miles and the extreme width
about fifty miles. It is a rugged, moun
tainous country with very few towns ,
of any size. Santias™ with its fine
harbor, is the main point, while Guan
tanamo is second in importance.
The Navy Department had not heard !
up to the close of office hours to what
extent the American fleet was partici- j
pating in the Spanish surrender. With
Santiago in our hands the way will be :
clear for Admiral Sampson's fleet to |
enter the harbor and proceed up to the j
wharves as soon as the torpedoes and
mines at the harbor entrance are re
moved. The fortifications of Morro
Castle Socapa, Cayo Smith and others
are included in the surrendered zone.
The possession of these fine fortresses,
particularly Morro Castle, will afford
valuable garrison points for a large
number of men.
UNITED STATES BUYS A
FAST TRADING STEAMER
She Will Be Fitted Out as a Cruiser
at Sydney in a Few Days and
"Sent North."
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 14.—Aus
tralian mail advices by steamer War
rimoo contain a report that the mag
nificent Lund line steamer Culgoa has
been sold to the United States. The
report also states that she is being fit
ted out for a cruiser and would be "sent
north" in a few days. Much mystery
seemed to hang about the movements
of the vessel, and the investigations of
a Sydney Herald reporter resulted, so
the report goes, in the above facts be
ing ascertained.
The Culgrra is a very speedy vessel.
For several years she has traded to
Sydney, carrying a general cargo from
London and produce back. Her crew
number forty-seven men. When the
vessel was sold to the United States
they were mustered on board and of
fered two choices — to go home by the
Lund line steamer Tarrawo-nga or to
stay by the Culgoa and "go north." The
latter choice meant in plain English,
they knew, to fight for Uncle Sam.
The destination of the ship was pot
disclosed, but the members of the crew
to a man declared they would stand by
her. The blue anchor on the funnel of
the steamer (the Lund mark of identifi
cation) was painted over and the Amer
ican flag floated from her masthead.
YELLOW FEVER EXPERT
ORDERED TO SANTIAGO
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett. .
KINGSTON. Jamaica, July 14.— Dr. Hen
ry Carmenero, who has been attached to
the American Consulate here during the
last two months, has received orders to
proceed at once to army headquarters be
fore Santiago. Dr. Carmenero is a yellow
fever expert, and he has been instructed
to send daily reports by cable on the
health and conditions of tho Americ n
troops. Several Cuban doctors and not a
few refugees are offering their services
free.
Cervera Taken to Annapolis.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., July 14.— The
United States auxiliary cruiser St.
Louis sailed for Annapolis at 6 o'clock
this morninp. having on board Admiral
Cervera and other Spanish officers cap
tured at Santiago de Cuba on July 3.
ADVERTISEMENTS. : &t:2 7
Are ifiiu Overworked, Tired, Depress^? *
. THEJIsT TPTZ"
■ , % w&m . J I I J *— —• ■»■ V« m*w
MARIANI Wli-Tlio Famous Tai for Bofly nl Brail
FROM THE PHYSICIAN TO MARIANI WINE
His Imperial Majesty, the Sultan.
TILDIZ PALACE, CONSTANTINOPLE.
Sworn enemy- of the many proprietary medi-
cines which have of late years Invaded the
world, and whose only object is gain for the
proprietors, I make an exception in favor of
one preparation as meritorious as it has been
far-reaching in its good. I refer to Vln Mari-
ani, which, owing to its valuable fortifying
qualities, has conferred benefits upon weak and
suffering humanity. I therefore add my ap-
proval and praise to this highly meritorious
preparation. MAVROGEXY PACHA.
Physlclan-ln-Chief to the Sultan of Turkey.
Paris — 41 Boulevard Haussmann; London— s3 )
TIGER TRAINER
EATEN ALIVE
Awful Sight in an Aus-
tralian Circus.
WITNESSED BY A MULTITUDE
WOMEN FAINT AND MEN RUSH
FROM THE SCENE.
Victim's Hands and Arms Chewed
to a Pulp, While His Left Cheek,
Nose and Throat Are
Torn Away.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C, July 14.— Mail
advices by the Australian steamship
Warrimoo, which reached port to-day,
contain a thrilling account of the death
of a tiger trainer near Adelaide,
N. S. W.
John Isaacs, an African trainer of
wild beasts, whose daring has made
him famous on two continents, while
going through the concluding act of his
tiger performance in Harmiston's cir
cus, was literally chewed up by the
tiger Duke before the horrified gaze of
at least 1000 people.
The sensational incident occurred at
Smith Gawler, near Adelaide. The con
cluding act of the performance had
been reached, when the animal was put
through the jumping feats by Isaacs.
The trainer had not taken the usual
precautions and omitted to have a suf
ficient number of attendants ready
with poles and forks. He took only a
bamboo instead of a heavy whip or
club into the cage with him and would
not have the fire gate lighted. Isaacs
was heard to say, "Now, puss, jump,"
and was just concluding the perform
ance when the savage beast, instead of
leaping through a hoop held by the
trainer, threw itself on him and sent
him to the bottom of the cage.
Then, while women fainted and
strong men rushed out of the tent in a
panic, the tiger commenced to devour
his one time master. The beast chewed
at Isaacs' throat and face first, and ap
parently maddened by the taste of hu
man blood, fairly rent parts of his
body to pieces.
Isaacs bled profusely and presented
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CARFARE FREE!
This Friday we pay or refund the city railroad car fare both ways to
and from the store (a single fare reaches us from any point), for any person
who buys to the amount of $2 (sugar and flour excepted). Ask the sales-
man for it. Goods delivered free in town. We want every one to get ac-
quainted with the advantages we offer. Our bargains are open to dealers;
no lock and key on them. We try to make it pay you 50 per cent on all
purchases. Send for bargain lists. Cash gets values. We understand this
in buying as well as selling.
FRIDAY BARGAINS.
Fine Fresh Candy, from 8 to 10 a. m 5c
Home-made Fruit Pies, after 2 p. m 10c
Mnuthful Biscuits, all Friday 5c
Rnll Butter, first quality, to-day only — .. ..30c
Rex's Celebrated Chewing Gum lc
Scolloped Tin Patty I'ans, small, dozen 6c
Nonesuch Mincemeat, best nuvie 5c
Canned Peaches, small. Friday only 5c
Coffee, ground, 200 grade 12Hc
Silver Prunes, large, tart 3c
Imported Sardines, a tine fish, 3 for 25c
OTHER BARGAINS.
25c ClothesbniKhes. overstock 10c
25c Fine Hairbrushes We
50c Douche or Atomizer ..2oc
50c Plain Tumblers, dozen 2oc
50c Jelly Glasses, covered, dozen 24c
5c Handle Baskets (all) 2c
16c Cut Hnnd-painted Flower Pots <c
Eastern Shaker Corn, dried l«c
Evaporated Apples, for apple dumplings 8c
Fine Bright Sliced Pears Un window) 5c
Well, I Wonder-It Will Cost Nothing to Come and See.
3d FLOOR BARGAINS.
Gloves, Buck, Boys' or Ladles' Outdoor, 7V4.
8 25c
Tapestry Rugs, %\ quality, remnants 50c
Ingrain Carpets, 36-inch, pretty styles 25c
Wall Paper, per piece, best styles 3c
Gilt Paper, to-day all one-third off price.
Military Overalls for little boys 25c
Klondike Shoes oc Moccasins. $3 value.... sl 60
gives STRENGTH to
Overworked Men,
Delicate Women,
Sickly Children
and
Dispels WEAKNESS
from whatever
causes.
Marianl "Wine gives power to tha
brain, strength and elasticity to the
muscles and richness to the blood. It
is a promoter of good health and lon-
gevity. It is a supremely great tonic,
which has received the indorsements of
more than 8000 American physicians.
To those who will kindly write to MARIANI
& CO.. 52 West Fifteenth street, New York
City, will be sent, free, book containing por-
traits with endorsements of Emperors, Em-
press, Prince*. Cardinals, Archbishops and
other interesting matter.
itortimer street; Montreal— 2B-30 Hospital street.
a shocking spectacle. Twice he man
aged to get on his hands and knees
and edge toward the gate, but the tiger
played with him as a cat would with a
mouse, and hurled him to the bottom
of the cage, when his escape seemed
possible. Finally, with forks and
clubs, the tiger's attention was di
verted from his victim by attendants,
and Isaacs, a terrible sight to behold,
was dragged out of the cage. He
was removed to Adelaide Hospital,
where ho died early the following day
in great agony. It was ascertained
that one of his hands and arms had
been literally chewed to a pulp, his left
cheek and part of his nose were gone,
and the flesh of his throat and neck
were torn away to the bone.
The tragedy created a sensation
throughout Adelaide, and although the
people condemned the circus manage
ment in strong terms the latter pro
posed to go through the performance
with another man the following night.
A policeman interfered, however, and
the performance was omitted.
Isaacs was an African. 27 years of
age. His father and mother live at
Kimberly, South Africa. A Coroner's
jury exonerated the circus manage
ment of all blame and brought in a
verdict "that the deceased came to his
death by injuries received through
tiger bites."
PRESIDENT MAKES TWO
NEW MAJOR GENERALS
Promotions in the Volunteer Service.
United. States District Judges
Nominated.
K.SHINGTOX, July 14.— The President
y made the following nominations:
J;icnb Kent, to be major general of vol
unteers; Samuel B. M. Young, to be major
general of volunteers; Henry Carroll, to
be brigadier general of volunteers: Will
i-m W. Harts, to be engineer officer of
volunteers, with rank of major.
Hamilton Glover Ewart of North Caro
lina, to be United States District Judge fo«>
the Western District of North Carolina.
Edward R. Meak of Texas, to be United
States Judge for the Northern District of
Texas.
Colonel Peter C. Haines, corps of engin
eers, U. S. A., to be a member of the Nic
aragua Crnal Commission.
A WRECKER SENT FROM
KINGSTON TO SANTIAGO
Will Determine Whether It 18 Pos
sible to Save Any of Cervera's
Ships.
Special cable to The rail and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IK9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
KINGSTON Jamaica, July 14.— The
Merritt & Chapman Company has
chartered the Norwegian wrecking
steamer Senior, which s~ils this even
ing for Santiago. Captain W. S
Tooker, agent of the company, will
make an examination of Admiral Cer
vera's fleet to see if It is possible to
save any of the ships.
2d FLOOR BARGAINS.
I Men's S3 75 Button Shoes, 5 to 10 »i »c
! Boys' $2 50 Button Shoes. sto 7 o£;
: Girls' Fine Kid Shoes. 13 to 34... £„
: Ladies'. 24 and 3. Cloth 'and Kid- Lace *£
I Girls' $150 School Shoe*. 13 to 1H So
' Men's nr Boys' Low Shoes, 5 to 7 " c'-i
' Boys' Heavy Camp Shoes, 11 to 13 rkZ
•■ Big Boys' Heavy Buckle Shoes. 2 to 4 nOo
Only In sizes named at above price*
NEW THINGS.
Infants' 25c White Slips, good ie-
Little Child's Light Dresses, 2-3 years &,
■ Infants' First Undershirts, good %-.
: 1 Ladles' 75c Merino Underwear, white \*n
■ ! Little Folks' Underpants. 25c grade ,Xr
• i Ladies' or Girls' Fine Hats, closing X
• I Trimmed Hats to $3 50 value. i,
• ! Blood's Celebrated Needles, paper io
• Sewing Machine Cotton, black. "", 1";
i Adamantine Pins, 5c kln<] i
I Red. White and Elue Buntinir 5°
! I Dark Calico for school dress •£,
CASH STORE \
25-2T Market St., S. F.GOULD EXPOSED AS A
POLITICAL TRICKSTER
Charged With lets
of Grossest
Perfidy.
Deal With "Boss" Rea
Placed 10 His
Discredit.
Hitherto Untold History of
Appointments at
Apews.
PAN JOSE. July 14.— 0n every hand
there was voiced to-day the sentiment
that In view of the revelations pub
lished In The Call of the alleged scan
dalous doings at the Agnews Asylum
nothing less than a prompt and sweep-
Ing Investigation would do. It can be
stated that a special meeting of the
board of managers is already being
considered in this connection. If this
meeting is called there is no doubt that
it will meet with the hearty approval
of the public.
It Is argued that there Is no neces
sity for waiting a whole month. Charles
Williams is ready to file his charges
and produce his witnesses at a day's
notice. If Secretary Tourtillott and
Mrs Madlgan are Innocent of the im
moral conduct charged against them
they should be cleared from suspicion
at the earliest day. If they are guilty
they cannot be dismissed a minute too
Boon.
The affidavit of Mrs. Williams, which
appeared in The Call this morning, has
made a deep Impression on chairman
Curnow, though he is extremely loth to
believe that such conduct as therein
mentioned has been practiced in the
asylum.
Just what is to be done in the case of
Dr. F. M. Sponogle, the medical super
intendent < :' the Institution, none of the
trustees is prepared to say. The phy
sician's remarkable passiveness yester
day when the terrible crimes of mur
der and criminal assault were so dra
matically attributed to him has created
a strong presumption in the mind of
the public that he has a record. He
v'.s appointed to his present position
on the recommendation of Dr. James
R. Curnow, the chairman of the board.
There was a rumor to-day that Dr.
sle hud tendered his resignation,
but investigation showed this to be
without foundation.
T. T. Tourtillott, the medical super
intendent's secretary, is an appointee
of Frank H. Gould, whose half brother
he is. And hereby hangs a tai.- of per-
Fonal and political perfidy that is prob
ably unequaled in the annals of the
country. In the role of heavy villain,
vainly ami unscrupulously endeavoring
to lay tin- foundation for securing the
high.-!-! jMiliti'al honor in the gift of
the people, figures Frank H. Gould.
agly made mad by his high
aspirations, caution, decency, principle,
ea .mil loyalty, even to party, were
islde in the desperate effort to
catch a few more possible votes. This
is the story of Gould's almost incon
ceivable treachery and chicanery as
y one having actual knowledge of
ali the facts:
The Board of Managers of the. Ag
news State Hospital as now composed
consists of Dr. James R. Curnow
(chairman). Edward White, Frank H.
Gould, Isaac Upham and O. A. Hale.
The two latter are Republicans and the
other thr*->- are Democrats. Shortly
after the appointment of the three
Democrats by Governor Budd there
was considerable discussion on the
subject of the division of the patronage
of the asylum.
One day Gould and White mot at th*»
asylum and informally talked over th >
patronage, it being agreed that eat b
r^mlur of the board should have one
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. Love's young
'I I I S^jSk I» f* I d reara one that
f* I dream is one that
,n — I I l fills the heart
I A.-; "" rlk. 'with intensest joy.
"" I .■£ i* 'JEtS^Nk. Sometimes the
~&&^&x£^££o^\ happy dream is
y^Sx . f%\fiß[J3s!s ( n; 'y. it is not.
*~drfv ~^3f&Mirja MB In many cases lov-
€'.f-^^— ■Tvjffi&M ing young couples
rl* — "^ i^Sy^**^ fall short of true
|\ —~^^ jWj£*\tw\ niarried happiness
' — x^—^^££»ffi vffiSifH because of the ill-
health . of the
BBSjSgwjL--^ £j]»|lkJM voting wif.-. A wo-
HrY/'i I l \\B|3H3JB tured by pains due
V /}'/ I I HHBra to weakness and
' / I H«P\9 disease of the or
• / / H^MjH ans that arc dis-
7 / I I tinctly feminine,
if -7 I I fir liftjjßi cannot be an ami-
I if I <$ 'I Wftrl able and helpful
' iff/ / ' tea / t*Sß '' c " Troubles of
I!/ 6 ' % E^9'' : ' 3 nature rack
'» £ t*M WO* ilie nerves witn*
.jl - %* " iff "pain and sap the
strength. Undet
their malign influence the most amiable and
helpful disposition will become soured. The
wife that promised to be a cheerful, capable
fend willing helpmate surprises her husband
by proving a sickly, nervous, fretful and
helpless invalid. This unfortunate outcome
of "Love's young dream" may be pre-
vented or remedied by resorting to the nght
medicine for troubles of this nature.
The right medicine is Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription. Over 90,000 women have said
so in unsolicited letters to its discoverer
Dr. R. V. Pierce, chief consulting physician
to the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Insti-
tute, at Buffalo, N. Y. The "Favorite Pre-
scription " acts directly upon the organs
that make wifehood and motherhood pqssi-
■blc. It makes them strong and healthy. It
allays inflammation and soothes pain. It
relieves the strain upon the nerves. It pre-
pares for motherhood and insures the health
of the child. All medicine dealers sell it.
" I take pleasure." writes Mrs. Jessie Fulfer, of
Eulogy, Bosque Co., Texas, "in writing you again.
I am in better health than I have been in six
years. I think your medicine is the best in the
■world. , I hope every woman who is afflicted as I
•vras will take it. Your ' Favorite Prescription*
has saved my life. I was not able to get up when
Jwa* sick until I began to take your medicine. I
cannot thank you enough for what you have done
for me. You can use my statement as you like."
Constipation is the all - embracing cause
of 111-health. ' Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets
cure it They never gripe. -- -^
ASYLUM FOR THE INSANE AT AGNEWS, THE SCENE OF MANY SCANDALS.
fifth of it. During this conversation
Gould asked While if there was any
special place that he desired to fill.
White said he would like to have the
secretaryship, then held by Tom Mont
gomery, a Republican, far George Pe< k
ham, a stanch Democrat. To this Gould
promptly acquiesced, saying: "Peck
ham is a good man. He was journal
clerk under me and did his work well."
White met Gould again a few weeks
after this, and the matter of patron
age being discussed, Gould remarked
that Peckham was his man for secre-
tary.
About this time the board met to or
ganize and Dr. Curnow was elected
chairman. Then the question of who
was to be secretary came up. To
Whites astonishment Gould turned to
Curnow and asked: "Whom d>> you
want?" Curnow then asked White
whom he wanted, and White answered
that Peckham was his selection.
Curnow demurred, saying that Peck
ham was distasteful to him, and Gould
fell into line at once with Curnow.
White gave way, seeing that two of
the members of his own party were for
some unknown reason opposed to Peck
ham, and in turn named Antone Friant,
John McGeoghan and Sam Rucker, but
none of these gentlemen proved accept
able, and no secretary was elected at
this meeting.
Gould, for reasons best known to
himself and which can be readily sur
mlsed from subsequent proceedings,
was not present at the next meeting of
the board. At this session White
placed Peckham in nomination for sec
retary. Curnow named Henry French, a
prohibitionist, and Hale nominated
Montgomery. For three ballots the
vote stood:
For Peckham— White.
For French — Curnow.
For Montgomery— Hale and Upham.
On the fourth ballot Montgomery was
elected by the vote of Curnow.
In a further endeavor to hide his hand
in the treacherous game he was playing
against a colleague of his own politi
cal faith, Gould at the following meet
ing of the board moved to reduce the
salary of the secretary from $100 to
|50. White denounced this action as a
play to the gallery, and charged that
t was not made in good faith. The
rifting was redhot thereafter.
The secret motive for Gould's pecu
liar conduct became apparent when
the time came to fill the place of secre
tary to the medical superintendent,
which was held by E. R. Bailey, a
Democrat, who had filled the position
most acceptably. The position pays
$l. r >o a month. Gould has a half-brother
whose earnings did not reach this fig
ure. So Teddy Tourtillott, who has the
reputation of having been a good Re
publican before he entered the employ
<>f the State at Agnows, was slated for
the position of secretary to the medi
cal superintendent by Would-be Gov
ernor Gould. Tourtillott is the gentle
man who is charged by Mrs. Williams
with having been on too familiar terms
With Mrs. Madigan.one of the employes
of the Institution. Despite the pro
tests of White, Bailey was removed
and Gould's programme was carried
out with the aid of Curnow and Hale.
It is common talk that the selection
of Montgomery and Tourtillott for their
respective positions was the fulfillment
of a pact between Hi'le and O-">uld. and
that Gould betrayed his party and his
Democratic colleague for the aggran
dizement of his family connection. But
th*'ie are those who charge even worse
than this against the man who will be
in future known as one of the greatest
political fakirs and mock reformers
that the State has ever known. It is
reported that Gould's absence from th»»
meeting ;it which Montgomery was
elected secretary was due to influence
Jjrought to boar by Jim Itea, the politi
cal boss ol S::nta (^lara County, who
controls both the Democratic and Re
publican political machines of that
county. Just how Gould's aspiration")
for th 1 Governorship are to be fur
thered by Rea has not yet developed.
But it is a well known fact that Hale,
Montgomery and Curnow are first of
all Rea or "gang" men, and only sec
ondarily Republicans or Democrats.
It waa only aft^r a hard-fought con
test by V\"hite that Bailey retained a
place :tt th<> asylum. He was mn>
bookkeeper to the steward with a sal
ary of $7.-: a month.
A eianiCcant fact in connection with
the election of Tourtillott was that hi:
was not nominated by Gould, but by
Hale, a Republican.
But Gould's craving for fat places at
Agnews for his pets was not satisfied.
He imported Mj PS Louise D. Rambauer
from Merced and made a place for her
at the asylum. But this was only the
entering wedge for something more in
fluential and lucrative. White had
been conceded tho place of matron,
and had named Miss TClla Royce for
the position. Miss Royce fulfilled all
her duties faithfully and well, but by
a persistent course of nngging and spy
ing, aggravation and insubordination,
Miss Bambauer incited Miss Royce to
such a pitch of indignation that in a
moment when self-respect rose superior
to self-interest, the matron resigned.
Since then Miss Bambauer, under in
structions issued by Gould, has bo.>n
acting as matron, and is spoken of as
the successor of Miss Royce. Gould's
purpose in this matter will probably
be carried out at the next meeting of
the board.
Should an investigation of a rigorous
and conscientious character result from
the charges made by Mrs. Williams and
the statements made by Erwin Frost
at the last meeting of the board, the
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1898.
developments, it is confidently asserted
by many persons, will be even mure
startling than those already made
public.
WILLIAMS' STORY
OF THE SCANDAL
Tells Why His Wife Was Discharged
for Knowing and of Gould's
Duplicity.
SAX JOSE, July 14.— Frank H.
Gould, as a Janus, as a deliberate
pledge-breaker and as an unprincipled
self-seeker, is graphically portrayed by
Charles Williams, the husband of the
young woman unjustly dismissed from
the Agnews State Hospital.
On learning the facts in connection
with the discharge of his wife, Wil
liams sought justice at the hands of
Gould In a private interview at the lat
ter's office. How his effort resulted
Williams tells in the following inter
view:
"My wife was dismissed from the
asylum at the regular meeting of the
board in March. Mr. Gould made the
motion, and when the grounds of his
action were asked for, he demanded
favorable action on his motion as a
personal favor, emphasizing his re
quest by his vehement tones and ex
traordinary dictatorial demeanor.
"Mr. Hale stood in and declared that
motion should be adopted as a cour
tesy to Mr. Gould, because he was
chairman of the management commit
tee. The motion was adopted.
"Subsequently I was recommended
by the board to have an interview with
Mr. Gould t<> adjust the matter of the
: reinstatement of my wife. The mem
' bers told me that personally they were
anxious to see my wife go back into
the asylum as an employe, that they
' had looked up her record and found It
I entirely satisfactory in every way, that
• she had always discharged her duty
i faithfully, that she had shown great
sympathy and care for the patients
and that her character was above re
j prnach.
"I was told by Mr. Hale that the
reason assigned by Gould for wanting
Mrs. Williams discharged was that she
was a mental wreck and labored under
i mental hallucinations. This reason
! was given at a caucus called by Gould,
at which he, Hale and White were
present. The caucus was hold just
I previous to the board meeting, at which
my wife was discharged.
"During the regular meeting Mr.
l I'pham asked why Gould wished to
i discharge Mrs. Williams. Dr. Curnow
spoke up and said: 'Mr. Gould, per
haps she knows too much of the crook
ed work of your brother.'
"Gould replied that he wanted her
dismissed for personal reasons. The
| vote was taken and Gould gained his
; point.
■'Acting on the suggestion made by
the other members of the board I called
; on Mr. Gould in his office in San Fran
cisco to endeavor to secure the rein
statement of my wife.
"I introduced myself to Mr. Gould,
but he enotvwJ a decided aversion to
granting me an Interview when he
learned that I was the husband of the
woman whom he had caused to be un
justly discharged. I informed him that
I had called in regard to her reinstate
ment. He attempted to bring the meet
ing to an abrupt end, but I finally pre
vailed upon him to listen to me by curt
ly telling him some unvarnished facts.
Our interview lasted more than an
hour.
" 'I believe you treated my wife un
justly.' I said. 'She had always done
her duty and had received many rec
ommendations in reference to the
?; inio.' I showed him the recommenda
tions, and he answered that 1 did not
know all the workings of the case.
" 'Your wife has been made the cats
paw,' he said, 'of a dirty crowd of con
spirators, who wish to throw my
brother out of the employ of the asy
lum.'
'I -eplied *h:tt htf was mistaken. I
told him that my wife had reported to
me at once the fact of having observed
Mr. Tourtillott, Gould's half brother,
come out of the room of Mrs. Madl*ran,
which is located in a different and dis
tant part of the building from Tourtil
lott's, at nn unseemly hour of the night.
I informed him that my wife considered
this a flagrant breach of good conduct
anil that she was greatly disturbed
with fears of the trouble that such ac
tions would eventually precipitate in
the asylum. T further told him that I
had instructed Mrs. Williams to be
truthful in the matter and to let the
blame rest where it should.
"Thereupon Mr. Gould stated that he
had sent a resignation to his brother
immediately after hearing the accusa
tion against him; that his brother
signed it at once and returned it to
him to be read at the next regular
meeting of the board. He added that
he had subsequently investigated the
charges made by my wife and had ar
rived at the conclusion that she was
suffering from mental hallucination,
and that there was no truth, to his
mind, in the charge. 'If there were
any truth in it,' he said, 'my brother
would have to go immediately. I would
not stand such conduct if it were my
own father.'
"I told him that others had seen the
same things witnessed by my wife;
that they had told my wife about it,
and that their story had only thrown
more light on the fact that his brother
was undoubtedly guilty of immoral
conduct. 1 informed him that these
same people were now afraid to open
their heads, because their bread and
butter was at Btake, as he sought to be
the predominating member of the
board.
"His answer was that he had had a
detective In the building and was thor
oughly aware of all that occurred, and
had good reason to believe what his de
tective told him, notwithstanding the
reports of others. 'How do you know
that your wife is not suffering from
mental hallucination, and that she told
the truth?' he remarked.
"I then Urld him that the ex-matron
knows this ncandal to be true and has
good evidence of the fact; that on one
occasion she st-nt Miss Fogarty, one
of the employes, over to the room of
Mr. To-urtillot, ordering her to knock at
the door at 11 o'clock at night and de
mand that Mrs. Madigan go to her own
quarters, and that Mrs. Madigan com
plied in about half an hour. I informed
him that the ex-matron told me that
Miss Fogarty had seen the lights in
Mrs. Madigan's room burning from 12
o'clock until a little after 4 in the
morning; that at the latter time Mrs.
Madigan entered her room, «^tinguish
ed the lights and retired; that the rea
son the burning lights attracted parti
cular attention was that Mrs. Madigan
should have been in her own room, ac
cording to the rules of the establish
ment, at 9 o'clock, but did not reach
there until after 4 a. m.
"To further substantiate the correct
ness of my wife's charges I told Mr.
Gould that Dr. Sponogle had remarked
to the ex-matron that poor Teddy, that
is Tourtillot, was mixed up in a pretty
bad scrape, but they had sufficient pull
to get him out all right, and that the
other people were kicking because they
didn't have so g<rod a show.
"At this point he interrupted me with
considerable show of anger, saying,
'If you have come up here to blackmail
me you might just as well consider our
interview at an end. I have had to do
with such bluffers before.'
"I quietly t<>ld him the interview was
not over, that I was not on any such
errand, but that I merely wanted him
to do justice to my wife and that he
must admit that she was neither a
malicious person nor a liar. I told him
that I did not propose that my wife
should be crucified for the sins of
others. The interview, which lasted
about half an hour longer, concluded
by his saying that I must excuse his
display of temper, as he was suffering
from a nervous headache. He shook
hands at parting, expressed cordial ap
preciation of the part 1 had taken in
the matter and gave me the wwarmestw r armest
assurances that justice would be done
my wife. He declared he would talk it
over with the other members of the
board and that he had no doubt in his
mind but she would be reinstated. He
added that if a motion were made for
her reinstatement he would make no
objection, but would content himself by
remaining riuiet and allowing the board
to dispose of the matter as It saw fit.
H^ requested me to see one of the
other members and have him make the
motion.
"Afterward Gould came down here
to San Jose and said to Hale and Cur
now, two of his colleagues, who with
him compose the Gould clique, 'Wil
liams has got you turning in your beds
at ni'gnt under the spurs of a guilty
conscience for the way you treated his
wife. I gave thim a nice little send off.
because It. was policy to do so, but if
that bluffer thinks he can run me I will
show him that he is mistaken. 1
"Before the next meeting of the
board he held a caucus over the matter
and was very emphatic in his demand
that the matter of my wife's reinstate
ment be not acted upon. He intimated
that we would get tired of the contest
and would soon be content to remain
silent, and would not file any charges
against his brother In connection with
the woman scrape. His wishes were
obeyed. The meeting following this
was that of Wednesday, the result of
which is know known.
"I shall now certainly press the
charges, and only wish that action on
the matter could be hastened. I am
ready at any time to present my case."
WILLIAMS ASSAILED
BY DETECTIVE FROST
fistic Encounter Growing Out o? the
Expose at the , Agnevs
Asylum.
SAN JOSE. July 14.— Charles Wil
liams, husband of Olivia Williams, who
was subjected to indignities at the
hands of Dr. Sponogle, had an encoun
ter with Erwin Frost at the latter's of
fice this afternoon. Williams received
a black eye, but otherwise w-as unhurt.
He swore to a warrant before Justice
Gass, charging Frost with battery.
The latter's trial was set for July 18,
and he was released on his own recog
nizance.
Williams was seen at his home at
Santa Clara to-night. He said that
yesterday evening Frost told him to
tell Trustee White he wanted to see
him. This Williams did, and to-day he
went into # Frost's office to give him
White's answer. Williams says Frost
took him into his back office and closed
the door. He Bays he told him, "Mr.
White says he has nothing for you to
do at present, and if anything comes
ADVERTISEMENTS.
{ OUR GREAT I
* ■_ &
!\SACRIFICE/I
}\ -SALE- l\
|NOW IN PROGRESS!!
i Stands Without a Parallel. }
From where the morning sun gilds the snow-capped moun- 4*
4$ tains of New Hampshire to where it sinks to rest upon the *f*
* placid bosom of the Pacific NO SUCH BONA-FIDE SLAUGH-
* TER WAS EVER KNOWN. This sale will be recorded in San
4* * Francisco history, and will be thundered down the aisles of 4*
4? time as the greatest carnage of values in Fine Clothing, Hats *£►
4* and Furnishing Goods which has ever taken place in this %-
-I* great and glorious State of California.
1 ALL GOODS MARKED IN FIGURES PLAIN AND BOLD %
\ <% Which you'll surely find to be fully 50 per cent less than like +j.
!4* good qualities can be obtained for elsewhere. DON'T FAIL a.
|$. TO COME TO OUR BUSY STORE AT ONCE and secure some §.
j 4* of the gigantic bargains now "on tap" for the multitude,, and
4% in years to come, as you journey along life's pathway, you
£- can look back to the time you were greatly benefited by this
4* sale, for the thought of these Peerless Bargains will always be
4* a bright spot upon the tablet of your memory. READ THESE +£.
<& PRICES, THEN COME AND SEE WHAT PHENOMENAL X
£ VALUES THEY REPRESENT. S
*.•- . • *
I TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW |
% Bargain Suits. Parents *
\§. Men's Late Style Strictly All-Wool Suits, cut to fit, made who have boys to clothe-nows your chance J^
"*:" to wear, £uttons married to the cloth, and worth $12 to buy two suits at about the cost *T
& and $10 of any man's money, must now waltz OF ONE elsewhere. %>
4* off our high-piled counters at the gift (ftp AZ Child's 2-Piece Strictly All-Wool Reefer Suits, all sizes, *§»
4* rice of VUiTU neat( nogby styles, made to sell at $3.50, Q| PP *§►
I 4+ Several Hundred Handsomely Tailored $13.50 Men's j will now be slaughtered at u'lt)U £•
j Suits, made from the most stylish and best-wearing Child.s 22 _ pjece Short p antS| made ? rich |es from 3
I fabrics, suits that fairly shout "I am Ta, or-Made fme fabrics> suits that w||| cost frQm $^ tQ $5 |]
, S cut by artiste of repute and made by workmen who a, store m tQwn Your ' ick and .. A «
V thoroughly know the art of fashioning garments so b . wi j, thjs week at^ OZI4O T
4P" that ones mirror will take an individual pride ■&»
: 4* in reflecting him, will go at the easily 00 A C
* p aid p rice of oo.^o Young Men's Suits. 1
«&. Thousands of Gents' Semi-Dress Suits, made from fine aces /3 to /9 £*
I *•. imported cheviots, rich worsteds and neat cassimeres, _ , ,.», ' - , „ .
' * cut, made and trimmed in the height of fashion, in Several Hundred Nobby All-Woo Late Style Suits, in %.
* all shapes and late styles, suits which no house in "at IPJ« c! ns- .^ ade LPL P to se ' for $7-50 ' ?/[ OR
<& the city will sell you for a cent less than $15, your $8 and $9'9 ' Wl" §° th '! week at -•• • • • OtiDO
i pick and choice goes THIS WEEK at (I>Q kr Rich Stylish Semi-Dress Suits, for young gentlemen of *£>
I3^ . the ridiculously low price of. Ot/iTtU gOOCg00C taste, made from handsome worsteds, service- JL
iJL able cheviots and neat cassimeres, worth $12
* Bargains in Men's Trousers. ££* nowhee under . $1°•""1°•""" g0 this 56.45 *
UNPARALLELED IN THE HISTORY * j^
j£ OF THE CLOTHING TRADE. ?
2 1648 Men's All-Wool Pants, made up with an eye to EXTRA SPECIAL! ' *&
*$ give the wearer excellent service, and sold at other mr. nil-. x J Ox *» "^
<% stores at $3, will go into this weeks mi nt i lie LeleDratecl "otar
-& great "BARGAIN CARNIVAL" at 01*00 *, no quidt , A/A o-r Q •v A »■ •> «- 3.
j^ s _ . _ , ,- | $1.00 SHIRT WASTS, in handsome styles, will Pr« "^
■ «|* Men's Handsome Late Style Pants, made to sell for g0 th j s weec at DOC ■££>
i jfc $4.50, in neat stripes, fancy cheviots and tf>Q A CT , 5
{; hairline cassimeres, will be given away at U>^.^tO "MOTHERS' FRIEND" BLOUSE WAISTS, a «jn n %T
*? bargain at 50c, cut to uUU
* For Dress Wear. #
; Gents Fine Full Dress Coats and Vests, silk lined and Men'S HatS at Gift PrfCeS. *
4^ worth $22.50, will go till all are sold at frit) rfl *£.
X the next-to-nothing price of 01/IOU Men<s Re 2 ular $ 50 Late Sty|e Fedora Hats < in a" the A.
ft? " new and most stylish colorings. Your size *7C ft
t Bargain Seekers, Attention! this week only luH *
T THIS WEEK— Gents' Regular 15c . Black and mr n GENTS DERBY AND FEDORA HATS, in all the |[
♦^' Brown Balbriggan Sox will go at QG leading agency blocks and late colors, Qj ftr *T
* Your choice of $1.00, 75c and 50c Neckwear, in Qrp worth $2 - 50 and $2'2 ' wi" ,8° this week at *»« *
"^ rich and newest silks, will go at... JUU these are the greatest hat values in **
4* OH 3 FOR 91.00. AMERICA WITHOUT QUESTION OR DOUBT. *§■•
*' =========
* KEARNY. |"
«E. CORNER SI/TTCB. "^
STORE OPEN EVERY EVENING Duping: This Great Sale. Brilliantly Illuminated. %.
up that he wants you he will let you
know"
With this Frost attacked him. Wil-
Hams says he tried to avoid Frost's
Mn-.w!.iw of fear he would use a
blo^s because of fear he uoum : use a
pistol, which he knew he carried. Alter
several blows were parried Frost hit
him in the eye. At this time Mrs.
Frost opened the door and Williams
made his escape.
Williams says Frost's acts were those
of a maniac. He also says that Frost
3 SSS SpfiWSWrtSß
could cive him any work. Williams
also says White told him he had no use
for Frost.
Erwln Frost refused to discuss his
trouble with Williams. He said he
would tell his story in court at the trial.
—" - : v
WILLIAM WINKLE DEAD.
•'- "' .;_■• -• _^___. >
San Franciscan Passes Away on a
.
.•-I:.' Sonoma Bancn. :>
SONOMA, July William Winkle, the
last of four brothers of a well-known
family, died on the Winkle ranch near
\ this place last night, after a short illness |
from abdominal abscess. Mr. Winkle,
whose home was in San Francisco, had
! been-stopping with a sister here Mr.
W inkle was the owner of the Pioneer
bakery at the corner of Vallejo and
Battery streets in San Francisco.
j /.•:-•.-——• .-.„ -
| The New Nicaragua Canal by
r, -._ „ i7Hr,+ *--.« v:,, *nnJL
j Charles R. Flint, tne big South-
j American merchant, in next Sun-
j day's Call.
j ip AM 1 «<>,«
nLrUDLILAN LtAcUt
GETS DOWN TO WORK
utlS DOWN TO WORK
j —
j Much Business Done af the Second
!_,,_. ',■'■—
Day's Session—McKinley War
Policy Indorsed.
„,,.„. .. _, . x ,,., 
OMAHA, Neb., July 14.—Vigorous appli
cation to business enabled the Republican
League of the United States to finish al
most all its routine business at its second
day's session.. Had it not been for the
flght for the position of president, the
work -would now be all over. Officers will
bo elected to-morrow. The oratorical
feature of the day was a short but patrl
otic address by ex-President Woodman
see of Cincinnati, who spoke of the war as
not one of parties, but of the people, yet
he gives to President McKinley great
credit for the wisdom he has displayed in
the conduct of the affair with Spain. Th
rORt of the time was devoted. to the re
ports of standing committees.
• —
Poolroom at San Quentin.
s-« **£%■ J"'y" -Tr
ar^ that Broyer, Glynn and Humphrey
J"™ open,tll ei I r poolrooms al San Q^ntir,
instead of Tiburon.
The firm, it is stated, rented the large
barn near, the terminus of the narrow
gauge road. A State law provides that
no saloon or gambling resort shall be al
lowed to carry on business within on«
mile of a State institution, but at San.
Quentin it has never been enforced.
.—
Henry ■W. Chapman writes on
-rr-— +_«!„„„--.,» __ „ q.i; ___ «
How to Succeed as a Salesman,.in
next Sunday s Call. 
34
BICKERING POPULISTS PLACE
TWO TICKETS IN THE FIELD.
BUCKLEY-MAGUIRE
RECONCENTRADOS
END THEIR LABORS
Boast That tf}e State Democracy
Must Swallow T^eir
MediciQe.
TFjE FUSION TICKET.
Governor— James G. Magulro of San Francisco.
Lieutcnant-Govcrnop — E. L. Hutchison of Los Angeles.
Secretary of State — A. B. Kinne of San Francisco.
Treasurer — A. R. Sprague of Los Angeles.
Controller— T. W. Maples of Kern.
Attorney General — George W. Hoylc of Sonoma.
Surveyor General — George H. Rogers of Napa.
Clerk of the Supreme Court — H. I. McCnaney of Sacra
mento.
Justices of the Supreme Court— Walter Van Dyke of Los
Angeles, A. C. Mouser of San Diego.
Superintendent of Public Instruction — Chris Runckle of
Placer.
Superintendent of State Printing — Percy B. Prcble of
Alameda.
Railroad Commissioners— First District, G. B. Dean; Sec
ond District, passed; Third District, J. L. Dryden of San
Diego.
Board of Equalization — First District passed; Second
District, William B. White of Alameda: Third District, George
Thresher; Fourth District, M. W. Motherall of Kern.
Congress— First District, passed; Second District, Mari
on de Vries: Third District, John A. Jones: Fourth District,
passed; Fifth District, passed; Sixth District, C. A. Barlow;
Seventh District, C. H. Castle.
BACRAMENTO July 14.— The fusion '
wing of the Populist party completed
its labors to-day and adjourned. Of .
the ticket it placed in the field most of
the nominees are "dummies," named on
the distinct understanding that they
were to si ■ i other po
litical affiliations and were used merely
to comply with the letter of the law.
Of those who will remain on the
ticket to the end, every one was select
ed at the instance of the Maguire
clique. The head of the ticket is a
Democrat, having nothing in common
with the Populists, and who is not even
expected to subscribe to the- platform
on which he was placed, or at most to !
give it a negative indorsement. Two
others are Republicans with an insati
able appetite for silver, whose names
were presented to the Populist conven
tion not by those of the faith but by
their own kind, who invaded the coun
cil hall of an alien body for the pur
pose. Such a spectacle is unprecedent- :
ed in the annals of political gatherings,
and in Itself is an eloquent sermon on
the desperate straits into which the un
holy trinity has fallen.
While the action of the Maguire re
concentrados in nominating a Demo
crat for Governor has resulted in the
disruption of their own party, their
leaders are boasting to-night that they
have placed the Democratic party in a
position where it must yield to their
dictation. They declare that the Demo
cratic convention must now accept Ma
guire whether it wants to or not. In
other words, 154 Fusion Populists, man
aged by and in complete control of a
handful of the Congressman's lieuten
ants, have outlined the course which,
they say, the 700 delegates who will
compose the Democratic State conven
tion must pursue. Instead of being a
"Democratic side show," as they are
dubbed by the middle-of-the-road
sters, they boast that they are the
main three-ringed circus, with the
Democracy of California as an auxil
iary 10-cent after-concert.
Probably 125 delegates were present
when Chairman Hutchinson called the
Fusion convention to order at 9 o'clock.
The members had exhausted them
selves the night before and were anx
ious to finish their work and go home.
Cornell of Alameda arose to a ques
tion of privilege and said It had been
reported by the middle-of-the-roadsters
that the fusionists intended to pass a
resolution releasing Maguire from the
obligation to indorse the platform
adopted yesterday. Cornell said such
a statement was absolutely without
foundation, and that Maguire would be
obliged to fulfill his obligations to the
convention.
Without loss of time the delegates
were divided into district conventions
for the purpose of nominating Railroad
Commissioners. There was little inter
est, and no contest in the First District,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Whoever wants soft
hands, smooth hands.white
hands, or a clear complex-
ion, he and she can have
both: that is, if the skin is
naturally transparent; un-
less occupation prevents.
The color you want to
avoid comes probably nei-
ther of nature or work, but
•of habit.
Either you do not wash ef-
fectually, or you wash too ef-
fectually; you do not get the
skin open and clean, or you
hurt it.
Remedy — Use Pears' Soap,
no matter how much ; but a little
is enough if you use it often.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially drugglsU;
•ll torn of people use it.
G. B. Dean being selected, while the
Second District adjourned without
making any nomination. These two
are conceded to the Democrats, but in
<!:•■ Third District, which the Populists
expect to retain, there was more life.
Judge J. L. Dryden of San Diego was
nominated by acclamation after the
delegates had listened to several lau
datory speeches.
The report of the committee on con
ference was presented and adopted.
The equalization districts then met
and made the following dummy nom
inations, with the exception of the
First District, which deferred action
for the time; Second District, William
B. White, Oakland; Third District,
George Thresher: Fourth District, M.
W. Motherall, Kern.
A resolution was adopted permitting
the Silver Republicans to present the
names of their candidates for Clerk of
the Supreme Court and one Supreme
Court Justice, those being the two po
sitions allotted to them according to
the terms of the conference.
The Congressional districts were
given an opportunity to make their se
lections. The Seventh District reported
that it had already nominated C. A.
Barlow. The Second renomlnated Ma
rion de Vries. the Third John A. Jones
of Alameda and the Sixth C. H. Castle.
The First, Fourth and Fifth districts
adjourned to meet at the call of their
respective chairmen. They will await
the action of the Democrats before pro
ceeding further.
Nominations for Lieutenant Governor
being in order. Motherall presented the
name of T. W. Maples of Kern, who,
he said, was the only member of his
delegation who had not bolted.
Carlson nominated E. L. Hutchinson,
according to the prearranged pro
gramme, and the usual flood of second
ing speeches was turned loose. States
man Montieth's declamation was inter
rupted by the announcement that San
tiago had fallen and the convention
broke into loud cheers. After everybody
had become thoroughly tired of all the
talk over the merits of the two candi
dates Maples withdrew and Hutchin
son was nominated by acclamation.
After that it was easy. Tnere were
few patriots who cared to be set up by
the convention only to be hauled down
again, and so as rapidly as anybody
could be found to make the sacrifice he
; was rushed through unanimously. In
this manner A. B. Kinne, for Secretary
! of State; A. R. Sprague of Los Ange
i les, for Treasurer; George W. Hoyle,
for Attorney General, and George H.
Rosens, for Surveyor General, were de
clared the nominees of the convention.
For Control! r J. W. Reay, T. W.
I Maples and John W. Koegan were nor
n mated. Reay and Kcegan withdrew,
however, giving it to Maples by accla
; mation.
The Silverites then had their inning
and the unusual spectacle was present
ed of Republicans appearing before a
Populist convention on invitation and
nominating candidates for office who
were ratified unanimously. Judge Phil
lips presented the name of H. I. Mc-
Craney oi Sacramento for Clerk of the
Supreme Court, and in doing so took
occasion to touch upon his quarrel with
Oeorge W. Baker.
N;ithan Cole Jr. nominated Judge
Walter Van Dyke of Los Angeles for
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court,
and after he had boon formally passed
upon the Populists put up A. C. Mouser
of San Diego as thoir dummy for the
second Supreme Justice.
For Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion Chrif Runckle of Dutch Flat was
thf unanimous choice. Professor N. A.
Richardson of San Bernardino with
drawing in his favor.
Percy B. Prebl° of Alameda wa.s given
the empty honor of the nomination for
Public Printer, which completed the
ticket with the exception of the few
places left open.
Sprague, from the committee on reso
lutions, presented the following, which
was adopted:
A\ heroas, \\ c recognize the tremendous
strength of the forces that brought de
feat to the cause of monetary and civic
reform in the last national campaign and
realise that to refuse to co-operate to
secure the utmost efficiency in tne organ
ization of the reform forces is to court
defeat; therefore.
Resolved. That we, the members of the
P'-opln's party of the State of California,
hereby extenn to all other reform parties
a hearty greeting and declare ourselves
ready to form with them a solid phalanx
for monetary and civic reform in the cam
paign of 1900, making a single party with
a representative name and with principles
broad enough to rally to Its banner all
who dare to stand forth to resist the
forces of monopoly and corruption that
are crushing manhood and threatening
the very life of the republic.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1898.
Four of the Maguire "Push" Who Helped to Corral the Fusion Reconcentrados.
After the usual votes of thanks had '
been passed Wardall offered a motion,
which was defeated, expelling the bolt
ing delegates. A recess was then taken
till 5 p. m. to enable the State Central
Committee to organize.
Just as the convention adjourned T.
V. «'ator appeared and asked to be per
mitted to read the report of the confer
ence committee, stating that his con
vention would like the privilege of in
dorsing, if they saw proper, such Popu
lists as had been nominated by the !
others, whom the Democrats would per
mit to remain on the ticket. There was
some disposition not to accord Mr.
Cator's request, but it was finally
granted.
The closing session was very brief.
On motion of Wardall, the Cator reso- \
i lutlon, which slinned through yesterday,
| was knocked out. The convention pro-
I vided for the appointment of an audit
i Ing committee at a later date by the
chairman. Two changes in the State
Central Committee, as submitted to the
convention, were made. Ring of Hum
boldt was removed and V. S. Avers
substituted, while J. D. Monahan of
Sacramento was substituted for Camp.
After appointing Van Meter, Peck
and Baker a committee on law Chair
man Hutchinson announced that the
convention stood adjourned to the call
of the chair.
FUSION CENTRAL
COMMITTEEMEN
Populists Whjo Will Control
the Destinies of Their
Faction.
SACRAMENTO, July 14.— As reorgan-
lzed, the State Central Committee of
the Fusion Populists Is as follows:
Alameda— F. J. Gregory, J. M. Moore
and D. T. Fowler. •
Amador— J. Harrell.
Butte— J. I. Lewis.
Colusa— W. A. Vann.
Contra Costa— P. J. Murphy.
Del Norte— David Lishman.
El Dorado— William Greggs.
Fresno— John S. Dore.
Humboldt— Thomas Devlin, W. 8. Ayers.
Kern— C. H. Coughlin.
Lake— J. R. Garner.
Lassen — J. M. Leaky.
Los Angeles— E. M. Wardell, W. 8. Faw
cett and J. M. Hardwlck.
Marln— George W. Monteith.
Madera— J. W. Greene.
Mendoclno— E. B. Wright.
Merced— J. F. Peck.
Modoc— William Thompson.
Monterey— N. L. Landrum.
Napa— George H. Rogers.
Nevada— C. W. Kitts.
Orange— H. Hamilton.
Placer— John Davis.
Plumas— S. R. Hall.
Riverside— F. G. Havens.
Sacramento — H. W. Woods, J. D. Mona
han.
San Benito — George M. Roberts.
San Bernardino— Mr. Guer.
San Diego— J. D. Hammond and A. C.
Moußer.
San Francisco— Geo. D. Gillesple, Geo. A.
Clough, Henry Huppert, J. W. Roay, A.
B. Kinne.
San Joaquln— K. M. Gitt.
San Luis Oblspo— J. K. Tuloy.
Santa Barbara— J. L. Steele.
Santa Clara— F. B. Brown, H. A.
Santa Cruz— W. P. Netherton.
Shasta— Aaron Bell.
Sierra— Dr. Prichnrdt.
Bißkiyou— W. A. Sharpe.
Solano— D. F. Parker.
Sonoma— J. W. Kcegan.
Toll a ma — Frank Hough ton.
Tulare— C. E. Bernard.
Ventura — J. M. Sharp.
Yolo— J. K. Mitchell.
The State Central Committee met
and organized with Wardall as chair
man, Gillespie secretary and Cornell
treasurer.
The following executive committee
was named: Kinne, Gillespie, Mon
teith, Cornell, Wardall Mason. Rogers,
Dore, Reay, Keeean. Huppert, Gregory,
Tuley, Wood, Clough. Netherton, Peck.
The committee, after patching up
some routine matters, adjourned to
meet in Sacramento during the Demo
cratic State Convention.
FUSIONISTS QUOTE
CRIMINAL LAW
Believe They Could Send the
Middle-of- the- Roadsters
to Prison.
SACRAMENTO, July 14.— Late to
night the leaders of the fusion faction
of the Populists unearthed a section of
the election laws under which they be
lieve they can send every man who par
ticipated in the middle-of-the-road con
vention to jail. The provision In ques
tion is section 1190, article 2, of the elec
tion laws, which reads:
No certificate of nomination shall con-
tain the name of more than one candidate
for each office to be filled. No person
shall join in nominating, under the provi
sions of this Code, more than one nom
inee for each office to be flllecPand no per
son who has voted in a convention for or
against a candidate for any office shall
join in nominating in any manner any
other nominee for that office and no per
son shall accept a nomination to more
than one office.
The Penal Code provides as a penalty
for violation of this section six months'
imprisonment and a fine of $500. The
fusloniata do not say that they will
make examples of the bolters, but they
talk significantly of what could be
done. THeir hostility seems to be con
centrated on T. V. Cator, whom they
charge with being the prime mover in
the revolt.
WINS ONE OF SANTA
ROSA'S FAIREST FLOWERS
Harvey S. Jordan of Seattle Leads
Miss Julia O'Meara to the
Altar.
SANTA ROSA, July 14.— The residence
of Mr. and Mrs. James O'Meara of this
city was to-day the scene of a brilliant
society event, the occasion being the mar
riage of Miss Julia O'Meara to Harvey
S. Jordan, cashier of thr Seattle Post-
Intelligencer, and one of the rising young
busines men of the Northwest.
The ceremony took place in the draw
ing room, beneath a canopy of greenery
and pink sweet pea blossoms. The whole
house was decorated in harmony with
the scheme adopted for this room, and
the effect was charming. The Rev. James
Cope, rector of the Church of the In
carnation of this city, was the officiating
clergyman.
The bride was attended by her sister,
Miss Pollie O'Meara, as maid of honor,
and Miss Bess ltiley as bridesmaid, while
Dr. W. B. Morse of Salem, Or., acted as
beet man. Little Grace Dougherty, who
in May was the queen of the flower car
nival held In this city, attended the bridal
party as fiowergirl.
At the conclusion of the ceremony and
after the congratulations had been ten
dered the guests sat down to a breakfasr.
When the bride's cake had been cut and
distributed among the members of the
bridal party, it was found that Miss Flor
ence Boggs had the penny, supposed to
be typical of the fact that she woul-I
soon marry some one well supplied with
this world's goods, and Miss Bess Rilsy
was found to have the bride's ring, a
dainty affair of costly workmanship, in
the form of a true lover's knot.
The bride is one of Santa Rosa's fairest
and best known society girls. During her
residence in this city she has made hosts
of friends, a great number of whom as
sembled at the train this afternoon to
wish the departing couple godspeed on
their journey to Seattle, where they will
In the future make their home.
Paris Has a Grand Celebration.
PARIS. July 14.— There was the usual
observance to-day of the national fete in
celebration of the fall of the Bastile. The
streets were decorated and thronged with
people. The Strasbourg. Joan of Arc and
Gambetta monuments were decorated with
wreaths of flowers.
Burned by Exploding Powder.
EUREKA, July 14.— While firing anvils
at Rohnerville this afternoon, in honor of
the fall of Santiago, William Weber and
Fred Woodley were badly burned about
the face and hands by the explosion of a
can of powder, which ignited from a
spark, while they were reloading.
SACRIFICED FOR
THE GOOD OF THE
POPULIST CAUSE
Men Named for Office by the
Middle-of-the-Road Con
vention.
THE STRAIGHT-OUT TICKET.
+. Governor— T. W. H. Shanahan of Shasta. 4;
-f Lieutenant-Governor D. F. Fowler of Alamcda. +
♦ Secretary of State— Joseph A. Johnson of San Francisco, -f
+ Attorney General— Green Majors of Alameda. +
+ State Treasurer— Frank Houghtoh of Tehama. •■*
State Controller— J. R. Garner of Lake. J^
, Surveyor General — C. S. Preblc of Alameda. _.
+ Superintendent of Public Instruction— W. Duncan of
+. Tulare. +
+ Justices of the Supreme Court — J. B. Stewart of San +
+ Bernardino; one nomination passed. +
"^ Clerk of the Supreme Court— Silas M. Pevyer of San Diego. +
"**" State Printer— Melville Snow of Santa Barbara. "^
Railroad Commissioners— First District, H. C. Wilkins of
Lake; Second District, C. D. Rodgers of San Francisco; Third
+ District, A. Bretz of Alameda. +
-f- Congress— First District, Dr. J. A. Cole of Modoc; Second +
♦ District, W. H. Henderson of Sacramento; Third District, Ro- +
+ bert Stuart of Alameda; Fourth District, W. J. Grecr of San +
"*" Francisco; Fifth District, E. A. Street of San Francisco; +
*! Sixth District, Mark Landrum of Monterey; Seventh District, "*"
. Hugh Percy of San Bernardino.
4. Board of Equalization— First District, T. H. Hatch of San "T
+ Francisco; Second District, W. R. Batten of Alameda; Third +
+ District, no nomination; Fourth District, J. N. Patterson of 4.
+ Kings. +
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
SACRAMENTO. July 14.— The mid
dle-of-the-road Populists who bolted
the convention when their iaol, T. W.
H. Shanahan, was turned down in the
interest of Co trressman Magulre met
at 10:15 o'clock this morning in the Sen
ate chambers. They were as full of
fight as they were last night when they
took the bit in their teeth, set up an
opposition convention and nominated
Shanahan for Governor.
The first order of business was the
reading of the report of the committee
on credentials by Murphy of Shasta. It
showed that over ninety delegates who
were present were entitled to seats in
the convention. After the report had
been adopted Batten of Alameda in
troduced a resolution extending on be
half of the People's party the right hand
of fellowship to all Populist delegates
who might desire to have seats in the
convention on condition that they ratify
the action taken up to the time they
were seated. The resolution was
adopted with great applause.
On recommendation of the committee
on permanent organization the tempo
rary officers were made permanent. The
committee on platform reported back
the platform indorsed before the bolt
and it was made the platform of the
middle-of-the-road men without a dis
senting vote.
In order that the nominations be
made doubly certain Shanahan was
again placed in nomination and amidst
cheering was declared the choice of the
convention for Governor.
Crawford of Kern next placed Chair
man D. T. Fowler of Alameda in nomi
nation for Lieutenant-Governor,
ler took the floor and after thanking the
convention said that it would be im
possible for him to accept the honor
conferred.
An adjournment for an hour was
taken, and when the convention re
assembled Fowler was of a different
frame of mind. He accepted second
place on the ticket and the delegates
cheered wildly.
On motion of Murphy of Shasta,
Joseph A. Johnson of San Francisco
was nominated by acclamation for Sec
retary of State.
Green Majors of Alameda, after con
siderable persua ion, accepted the
nomination for Attorney General.
Frank Houghton of Tehama was, on
motiun of Cator of San Francisco,
nominated for State Treasurer.
J. R. Garner of Lake County was the
unanimous choice of the convention for
State Controller.
An attempt was made to Induce J.
E. Cramp of Sacramento to accept the.
nomination for Surveyor General, but
he positively declined to serve, and the
nomination went to C. S. Preble of
Berkeley.
W. H. Gilstrap of Tulare declined the
nomination for Superintendent of
Public Instruction, and it was given to
John W. Duncan of Tulare by acclama
tion.
Z. B. Stewart of San Bernardino was
chosen for one of the Assistant Jus
tices of the Supreme Court. The dele
gates wanted to srive the other nomina
tion to Thomas V. Cator, but he said
that he could not accept it.
Silas M. Pevyer of San Diego was
next nominated for Clerk of the Su
preme Court and Melville Snow of
Santa Barbara was nominated for
State Printer.
The convention then divided into dis
trict conventions to nominate Railroad
Congressmen and members of the State
Board of Equalization. After an hour
and a half of deliberation the conven
tion was called to order by Chairman
Fowler and the following nominations
reported:
Railroad Commissioners— First Dis
trict. H. C. Wilkins of Lake; Second,
C. D. Rodgers of San Francisco; Third,
A. Bretz of Alameda.
Congress— First District, Dr. J. A.
Cole of Modoc; Second, W. H. Hender
son of Sacramento; Third, Robert
Stuart of Alameda; Fourth, W. J.
Oreer of San Francisco: Fifth, F.. A.
Street of San Francisco; Sixth, Mark
Landrum of Monterey: Seventh, Hugh
Percy of San Bernardino.
Board of Equalization — First District,
T. H. Hatch of San Francisco; Second,
W. R. Batten of Alameda; Third,
passed; Fourth, J. N. Patterson of
Kings.
A reßolutlon was adopted that all
i printing used by the several counties
, or the different candidates must bear
! the union label stamp.
The State Central Committee of the
bolters' wing of the Populist party met
to-night and effected an organization
D. T. Fowler of Alameda was elect. *
, chairman, Carleton H. Johnson of Sa"s
! Francisco secretary, and J. E. CamA
', of Sacramento treasurer. These or
ficers, together with J. M. Moore, T. V.
'■■ Cator, Frank Houghton and Samuel
j Stewart, will constitute the executive
i committee.
It is the plan of the committee to ln
| augurate an active campaign and to
; establish headquarters in the several
| counties of the State.
A meeting of the executive commit
tee will be held at an early day to out
! line a plan of campaign and arrange
1 for the sending out of Populist stump
speech makers.
MEN
Who feel pleasure in
living are those who
are in full possession
of all their faculties,
and who have the use
of all their functions
in a thorough way.
But only whole men
can do this. Half men
and the weak of the
earth cannot. But hal?
men may again become
whole men.
FIT =
Yes ! fit for anything
is what you ought to
be. But if by stupid
excesses you have ren-
dered life a burden and
not a pleasure, "Hud-
yan" will come to your
assistance. - It is not
neo3ssary for you to
consider what has
caused your run-down
condition; "Hudyan'»
makes up for lost vi-
tality.
FOR ;-":„■;
For all kinds of lost
vital force. Send for.
circulars that will
show you just what
has been accomplished
for 21,000 men who
were weak. Ask for
-* medical advioe, too.
You will not be charged
a cent for either. - Get
this advice, get thesa
circulars and become a
man again — a man fit,
if necessary, for
WAR_=^
Notice the slightest slim of blood poison.
Thin eyebrows, copper-colored spots on tha
body, loose teeth, etc. Ask tor "30-day, blood-
cure" circulars, or call at the institute if you
can. Remember all advice is free. All circu-
lars are free. Why not have what you can get
without a cent of cost to you free?
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON. MARKET AND ELLIS STS., \ '
SAN FRANCISCO.
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap, Facial Cream,
Facial • Powder and Dental Cream are manu-
factured by Dermatologist JOHN H. WOOD-
BURY, who has made the skin and complexion
a study for over 25 years. Sold everywhere^
25 cents each. : * -■ r:SOUTHERN PACIFIC
TRAIN ROBBED BY
NEVADA OUTLAWS
Express Car and Safe Blown
Oper>, but Little Booty Ob
taiQed.
RENO, New. July 14.— Passenger '
train No. 1, east bound, was held up
last night one mile east of Humboldt.
The exj>rr*s .-ar was blown up and the
Bafe was blown open". The robbers es- j
raped. It is not known how much booty
they obtained. According to some ac
founts but two men were •ngaged in,
the robbery, while others place the
number at three. A negro who was a 1a 1
passenger on the train was suspected
of having been an accomplice of tht«
robbers and arrested. It may be that
he is the third man.
When the train arrived at a point
one mile • ast of Humboldt two masked
men boarded the engine. F.nginper
Wickland and Fireman McDermott
were taken off tho engine and compelled
t.. co to th.- express car, the robbers
climbing over the tender and covering
them with a revolver and a Winchester
rifle. The robbers blow open the ex
press car door with dynamite, entered
th'- <ar and tht-n blew the safe open.
The car was completely demolished. No
one was hurt in th> j explosion.
Sheriff McDeid of Humboldt County
and a posse are in close pursuit, and
It is believed the robbers will be cap
tured, as they only had a few hours'
Btart of the officers.
It is thought the robbers boarded the
train at Reno, riding on the blind bag
gage until it reached the point at which
they carried out their plans.
— ♦
STORY OF FIREMAN
AND MESSENGER
WINNEMUCCA, N< v., July 14.—Fire
man McDermott, who was on the en
gine of No. 1 wh'-n the train was held
up near Humboldt, gives the following
account:
"A mile east of the Humboldt House
I heard a noise at the buck end of the
tank I king up, saw two men
climbing over the coal. One had a rifle,
which he pointed at me, and the other
covered the engimer with a pistol.
They kept us covered until they
reached the gangway. One of them
told the engineer to stop the engine
and he did so. The man then told us
to get off th^ engine an«l to go with
them. I asked if I could put on the
Injector, bo that the engine would not
burn up. and I was w!d I could. They
kept the guns on up while they waited.
They then ordered us to leave the en
gine and followed us to the express
car. After firing a few shots In the
ground they told us to knock on the
door of the car and to tell the mes
senger who we were and not to shoot.
"We did .so and the one with the pis
tol knocked on the door, called to the
messenger to open. Instead of opening
the door the messenger put out his
lights. Th» robber then put a small
ptick of giant powder under the door
and touched it oft saying:
" 'I guess that will fetch him.'
"The door was partly blown open and
they caiU-d th^ mess nger again. This
time h" came to the door, but they s -nt
him back to light a lamp. He was then
told to climb out of the car and be a
p 1 fellow. After the messenger came
out of the car the robber climb^l in and
placed a large dynamite cartridge near
the door of th^ safe. After lighting the
fuse he jumped out and we went ahead
as far as the engine, where we waited
for th<* fxpi.»sioji. The report was ter
rific, and we could pee the side of the.
car burst out and the roof raise.
"After a few moments all went back.
"While one of the men kept us covered
the other went in the car and placed
what valuables he could find in a sacki
After ransacking the treasure boxes he
came out. The engineer, messenger
and myself were told to Join hands and
walk ahead. After walking away from
the train a little ways we were told to
halt. The robbers shook hands with us j
and saying 'Adios,' disappeared in th<>
Qarkness, while we went back to the
train.
"One of the men was of medium
height, with reddish beard and hair,
and the other was shorter and very'
dark. They were both cool and seemed
to know what they wre about.'
Messenger Hughes said:
"The train stopped so suddenly that
I paused in my work to listen a.nd soon
heard the engineer and fireman knock-
Ing at the door of the car and tilling
mf who it was and not to shoot and
some one then spoke In a gruff voice,
demanding that I open the door. In
stead of doing so I took up a rifl* and
putting out the lights, laid down by the
safe.
"In a minute therf* was an explosion
and the door was blown open. It wa.s
very dark and I realized that if I shot
I might hit one of the trainmen. I
concluded the best thing to do was to
give myself up. I walked to the door,
but was told to light a lamp and get
out of the car, which I did. I asked
if I could fix my papers and was told
that they .would be fixed all right. One
of thf robbers then got Into the car
and blew open the safe. He broke
open th» treasure boxes, placing what
hf could find in a sack. do not know
how much was in the safe, as we do
not carry keys. There was not much
In the treasure boxes."
The rest of tfc messenger's story was,
Jn substance, the same as that of Fire
man McDermott.
WELLS-FARGO'S LOSS
IS BUT TRIFLING
B. D. Brastow, the superintendent of
the western division of the Wells-Far
go Express Company, Bald regarding
th<» Nov;h];i robbery:
"I ran make no estimate on the lofs
to the company. That in valuables
taken from the safe amounts to only a
trine. The greatest loss is the damage
to the car, which will amount to about
$1000.
"A telegram came from Sheriff Mc-
Deid of Winnemucca c,,unty to-day
giving tho following description of the
three men implicated in the hold-up:
One was of dark complexion, medium
height, rather slender, with a short
stubby red beard. He was about 26
years old. The second man was very
dark, and may have been part negro
He was about five feet ten inches in
height, with broad .shoulders and
weighed 170 pounds. H e talked and
walked very quickly. The third man
was about five feet ten inches in height
weighed about 160 pounds and wore a
black beard about two inches long
"The Sheriff also ntMed in his 'tele
gram that he had started from Hum
boldt on horseback with three men and
an Indian trailer. The pone took a
trail to the north from Humboldt and
I think Is on the right track. The Sher
iff found marks near the scene of the
hold-up indicating that there had been
three horses tied to a pile of ties about
100 yards from the track. The robbers
wore armed with rifles and pistols and
all wore masks. Sheriff McDeid states
that they have the negro who was on
the train In custody. By this I presume
ho means the negro passenger whom
Conductor Lothrop said held a ticket
from Folsom to Humboldt. I hardly
think this man was implicated in the
robbery."
The Southern Pacific has offered re
wards of $1000 each for the capture of
the men.
TWELVE INNINGS
AND NO WINNER
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet i
1 Cincinnati ..51 25 .671 New York...3S 34 52S I
Boston 47 27 .635 Philadelphia 31 39 .443 t
: Cleveland ...44 29 .603 . Brooklyn ....29 41 .414
Baltimore ...42 29 .592 : Washington .29 44 .397
Chicago 45 32 .584 , Louisville ...26 52 .333
Pittsburg ...39 34 .534 St. Louis 23 55 .295
BALTIMORE, July 14.— The Rods and j
Orioles played a 12-round draw to-day.
Misplaya by the home players pave Cin
cinnati four of their runs, while the lead- i
ers put up the third errorless game of '
I the series. "Buck" Ewing was expelled
from the grounds for throwing a ball !
j that was In play over the fence. Attend
ance -1275. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Baltimore 5 13 ,-,
Cincinnati 5 13 0
Batteries— Maul and Robinson; Breltensteln 1
and IVltz. Umpires— Snyder and Connolly.
NEW YORK, July 14. — Kennedy '
[ pitched an almost perfect game against !
the Pirates this afternoon, which en- \
! abled the Brooklyns to make it two
straight. Tucker's work at first base I
was a feature. Attendance 900. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E. !
Brooklyn 4 8 2'
; Plttsburg 13 1
Batteries— Kennedy and Grim; Gardner and
Bowerman. Umpires — Gaflfney and Brown.
WASHINGTON, July 14. — Dineen i
i pitched good ball until the ninth inning,
; when his error and a base on balls gave j
Chicago the game. Attendance 600. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 3 k 3
Chicago 4 5 1
Batteries— Dlneen and McGuire: Callahan and 1
I ■ .. hue. Umpires— Swart-wood and Wood.
PHILADELPHIA. July Philadel
phia shut out Cleveland to-day in a game
that was a battle between the pitchers. ;
The only run of the game was scored by
Douglass, in the first inning, on a base
on balls and a two-bagger by Flick. At
tendance 2300. Score:
Clubs — R. H. E.
Cleveland 0 4 0
Philadelphia 13 1
Batteries— Jones and Criger; Platt and Mc-
Farland. Umpires— Emslle and Hunt.
NEW YORK. July 14.— The Giants took 1
both games of a double header this aft
ernoon, making it four straight from the
Browns. The superior stick work of the
Giants was responsible. Attendance 2600.
Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E. I
New York ." 12 14 " 1
St. Louis 6 5 2
Batteries— Rusie and Warner; Taylor and
Clements. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 5 7 4 :
St. Louis 3 4 2
Batteries— Doheny and Grady; Sudhoft and
Sudden. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
BOSTON. July 14.— The home team won
both games from Louisville. The first j
was easy, but the second was a 12-innlng i
fight. In the second game the Bostons i
apparently had the game well in hand
when Louisville tied the game In th«
ninth by good clean batting. Lewis then
came in for the home team and held the ,
visitors down until Boston won. Attend- I
ance 3500. Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 9 13 1
Louisville 17 3
Batteries— Willis and Yeager; Tod.l and Kltt- '
rldKe. Umpires— McDonald and O' Day.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 8 11 II
Louisville 7 18 lj
Batteries— Klobedanz, Lewis and Bergen; I
Frazer and Klttridge. Umpires— McDonald an 1
O'Day.
AUSTRALIA WILL
BAR THE ASIATICS
Government to Discourage Immigra
tion of Japanese, Chinese
and Hindoos.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 14.—Austra
lian mail advices received per the Warri
! moo, contain news that Immigration of
Japanese and Hindoos will be stopped im
mediately by the Australian Government,
:If possible. Japanese Consul J. L. Par
; sons of Adelaide attempted to buy hugr
i blocks of land on the Victoria River for
; Japanese capitalists and the latter in
tt-inlfd jo send out large bodies of Japan
: ese laborers. After a discussion, the Gov
, ernment. through the Colonial office, mi
i formed the Japanese Government that the
Introduction of thi-lr people into Queens
| land would be discouraged and that the
same course would >>c followed In refer-
I ence to Chinese. Many of latter who
entered Queensland from Northern terri
tory have been arrested and will be ex
pelled.
The people of Australia are likewise be
coming alarmr-d at the Hindoo Immlgra
, tion. The Victorian Premier has com
■ municated with Imperial authorities to
j take all possible steps to check It.
TWO NEGRO MURDERFRS
SHOT IN THEIR CELLS
Mob of Men at Monticello, Ark.,
Batters Down the Doors of
the Prison.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. July 14.— double
lynching, In which Jim Redd and Alexan
der Johnson, two negroes, were the vic
tims, at Montlcello, Ark., occurred to-day.
A mob broke down the doors of the jail
and. entering the cell-room, poured a vol
ley of shots into the cages where the men
were confined. Johnson Is dead and Redd
is fatally wounded. They were convicted of
killing W. F. Skipper, a rich planter and
merchant of Baxter, and were sentenced
to hang. Appeal to the Supreme Court
had granted a new trial.
SIX ARE KILLED AND
TWENTY-SIX INJURED
Terrible Effects of a Boiler Explosion
in a Starch Factory at
Buffalo, N. Y.
BI'FFAI>O. N. V.. July 14— By the ex
plosion of a boiler in the. Niagara Starch
Works to-day, the building was wrecked,
six persons killed and twenty-six injured.
Two others are misslnj?, who are suppos
ed to have perished. Of the six persons
who were in the building only two es
caped. Most of tho Injured 4rerw persons
outside the works. Scarcely a bouse
within a thousand feet of the works es
caped being hit with bricks, twisted Iron,
or heavy timbers.
The New Nicaragua Canal, by
Charles B. Flint, the big South
American merchant, in next Sun
day's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1898.
TO WAR AGAINST
CORRUPTION AND
GANG METHODS
Object of the Good Government
League of Santa Clara
County.
PAN JOSE, July 14.— An organization
that will take a prominent part in
Santa Clara County politics this fall is
the Good Government Learue of Santa
Clara County, which until recently has
been almost unknown. The league was
organized in January, 189S, and now
has a membership of about 1500. Near
ly every precinct of the county has
been thoroughly and systematically or
ganized, and workers are still busily
bringing in new members. The doings
of the league are conducted secretly
and this accounts for its great
strength. It is Republican In politics,
and its sole purpose is to purge the
party of corrupt and gang methods.
The members take great interest in the
league's work, and they will prove a
big factor in the coming campaign.
Headquarters have been opened at
room 32, Knox block.
The officers of the Good Government
League are: President, E. A. Hayes;
first vice-president, C. M. Wooster;
second vice president, J. R. Patton;
secretary, H. G. Squier; treasurer, T.
E. Beans. The executive committee
consists of fifteen members, among
whom are such prominent men as J. R.
Johns of Saratoga, G. H. Coates of
Campbell, W. F. Williams of Berryessa
and T. C. MacChcsney of College Park.
The movement is truly a reform one,
for the most enthusiastic workers of
th? league are the best citizens of the
county. Following are some of the
members: C. T. Settle, president of the
Farmers' Union; Dr. H. Melville Ten
ney, pastor of the First Congregational
Church; A. H. Stinson of Franklin dis
trict; Dr. N. A. Haskell. pastor of the
Unitarian church; Dr. W. D. Mc-
Dougall, George ML Bowman, F. 11.
Babb of Berryessa; C. D. Blanev of
San Jose, O. Stevens of Coyote; Judge
B. G. Hurlburt, master San Jose
Grange; W. P. Craigin, president
of Farmers' Club: H. L. Stevens of
Evergreen. ex-S* — ervisor W. A. Z. Ed
wards of Orchard, Colonel E. G. Hall of
Moneland, J. J. Btanfleld of Los Gatos
and Dr. D. Van Denberg of Vineland.
E. A. Hayes, president of the league,
was found at the headouarters in the
Knox block, and consented to an inter
view on the purpose of the organiza
tion.
"Mr. Hayes, the Good Government
League has taken a stand against the
removal of Professor Smith from the
San Jose High School. I am informed
that you are the president of this
league; is that correct?" asked The
Call man.
"Yes, sir," answered Mr. Hayes. "I
believe that is correct."
"Would you object to telling The Call
something about this league, its objects
and purposes?"
"No, sir; I should be glad to do so.
The Good Government League of Santa
Clara County is an organization of sub
stantial, taxpaying. Republican voters
of this county. It is not confined to
San Jose, but is organized in every pre
cinct in the county. Its objects are
perhaps sufficiently indicated by its
name, 'The Good Government League
of Santa Clara County.' I might say,
however, that in general Its objects are
the advancement of the cause of good
government; the election to office of
pure, capable and fearless men, and an
active organized opposition to any com
bination of men who seek to subvert
the public service solely to selfish and
mercenary uses.
"Another object we are aiming at Is
the complete divorcing of our publlo
schools from politics," said Mr. Hayes,
"and especially such politics as we
have at present in this county. We
believe that capacity, experience and
real worth should be the only quali
fications considered in selecting teach
ers for our schools. Attempting to
work a 'political pull' to secure a po
BULLET ENDS
HIS CAREER
Suicide of F. W. Reiner
at Mill Valley.
SQUANDERED A FORTUNE
ONCE HAD A QUARTER OF A
MILLION DOLLARS.
Tragic Death of a San Franciscan
on Whose Life Prosperity's
Advent Flace"d a
Blight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, July 14.— P. W.
Reiner, a wll-known character of San
Francisco, committed suicide in Mill
Valley last night by shooting himself
through the head. He was found near
the Cascades this morning. Reiner was
lying in ■« pool of blood and near him
lay a revolver. The bullet had entered
the right temple and came out behind
the left ear.
Coroner Eden was notified and
brought the body to the morgue here.
A card in one of the pockets of the
clothes gave Reiner's address as 917
Market street, San Francisco, rooms 1
and 2. There were found a baby's ring,
a tspanish silver dollar dated 1796 and a
bill of sale showing he had purchased a
half interest in the real estate business
at the address given.
Reiner came to Mill Valley yesterday
afternoon. He acted naturally and at
tracted no attention.
About two and a half years ago
Reiner was a partner in the real estate
business with J. F. Schottler of San
Rafael. He received word of his
mother's death and that he had been
left $250,000. After returning from Ger
many, whither he went to get his in
heritance, he became a roysterer. spent
much of his money, and was once ar
rested and brought before Police Judge
Campbell for flourishing a revolver in
the old Cremorne Theater. So strangely
did he act that his sanity was called
Into question. Upon examination he
was sent to the asylum for the Insane
sition In our schools ought to be suf
ficient proof that the person who re
sorts to this method of supplanting
more worthy rivals is not fit to be a
teacher of the young. The machine
politician's method of selecting teach
ers is corrupting and un-American in
itself, not to mention the demoralizing
Influence of incompetent teachers with
low moral standards. Our schools
must be kept pure and thoroughly
American above all things. If they
are not so, it is better for the children
and the community that they close un
til they can be purified."
"Mr. Hayes, are you at liberty to
state anything in regard to the plans
of the league for the Immediate fu
ture?"
"We are all loyal Republicans, and
are -working for the objects above
stated as Republicans. When the
proper time comes we shall demand on
behalf of the Republican voters of
Santa Clara County opportunity for a
full and fair expression of Republican
sentiment in the selection of all dele
gates to Republican conventions, to the
end that every Republican may have
a voice In shaping the policy of the
party in this county, and in the nomi
nation of its candidates. In short, we
shall demand a fair deal within the
Republican party in this county, and
most emphatically intend to have It."
"But suppose you fail to get this fair
deal, what then?"
"In the language of the immortal
Lincoln, we 'never cross a bridge until
we come to it.' "
"I suppose your league contains mem
bers who are candidates for the vari
ous offices to be filled In this county
this fall?"
"No, sir," Mr. Hayes answered em
phatically, "on the contrary, our doc
trine is that the office should seek the
man, and not the man the office. I
know that I am speaking the senti
ments of most, if not all, of our mem
bers when I say that they are not can
didates for any office, and they would
regard it as a hardship if the circum
stances were such that duty compelled
them to accept a nomination to any
office. We are organized not for spoils,
but solely in the interest of good gov
ernment and to do all that we can to
purify the political atmosphere of Santa
Clara County."
"It is reported, Mr. Hayes, that you
are to be a candidate for one of the
offices to be filled at this fall's election.
Is not that correct?"
"No, sir. Please say for me as em
phatically as you possibly can that I
am not a candidate for anything, and
under no circumstances would I ac
cept a nomination to any office, how
ever exalted. Were I Inclined to do
so, which, I repeat, I am not, my po
sition in this league, and the active
work I have done in furthering its in
terests would make it impossible for
me to do bo and keep any of my self
respect. I do not know of anything
more contemptible than an office-seeker
wearing the cloak of political reformer
in order to advance his own interests.
No, sir, the only political ambition I
have at present Is to see the public
business of Santa Clara County in the
hands of the purest, most capable and
businesslike set of public officials that
were ever elected in any county. I
want to see the politics of Santa Clara
County In keeping with its beautiful
climate and location, and the high in
telligence, morality and patriotism of
its people."
"What is the present membership of
the league. Mr. Hayes?"
About ISOO, and rapidly growing."
"Are you at liberty to state what
the conditions of membership are?"
"We do not welcome office-seekers
and machine politicians very warmly;
indeed, our aim Is to keep these all out.
We do, however, want every Repub
lican voter who has no 'ax to grind' to
Join with us in an earnest effort to cor
rect the present abuses here and to
purify the political atmosphere of
Santa Clara County."
at Ukiah, anrl upon being released went
Into partnership with a man named
Healey in the real estate business in
San Francisco. It is supposed that
Reiner grew despondent and committed
suicide because he had squandered his
money.
ANOTHER PROMISING
CROP OF DOCTORS
MEDICAL AND DENTAL STTJ-
DENTS GRADUATE.
Dr. Nieto Thinks the Office of the
Physician More Godlike Than
That of the Clergy.
The graduating; exorcises of the medical
anrl dental classes of the College of Physi
cians and Surpeons were held last night
at Native Sons' Hall, which was crowded
to Its utmost capacity. The stage was
neatly decorated.
After an invocation by Rev. John A. B.
j Wilson, a well written and interesting 1
j paper on "Nature and Functions of Lit
erature" was read by Professor Melville
B. Anderson of Stanford. He contended
that there is some affiliation between lit
erature and medicine. "Literature," said
the speaker, "brings sunshine into our
hearts and drives moonshine out of our
heads, and no physician can be the worse
for having literary culture, an acquisition
that will largely widen his influence for
j good."
Professor J. R. Lane, M.D., president of
the college, thereafter conferred the de
grees and presented the diplomas. The
graduating classes are as follows:
Medical— Howard Marion Block, Mary Bird
I Bowers. Laura B. Hopktns-Hadley, William
; John Jackson, Ph. Q. : Tryphtnnle- Bayard
Janes. M. D. ; John Joseph Keefe. Ph. G. ;
James A. J. Mac Donald, M. D. ; Herbert R.
j Smith. Frank Denton Walsh. M. D. ; Hermon
! Fowler Wilson, all of San Francisco. Victory
jA. Derrick, M. D. : Frank Patterson, Charles
Larimer Weltman. of Oakland: Belle M. I,ee
| of Tehaehapt; Mary Mac Nell of Victoria, B.
C, and Adolf Fredrik Werner of Stockholm,
Sweden.
Dental — Mnrcellus Kdmund Clark. Charles
OUlesple Noble, Herbert Bruce Ward of San
! Francisco- Ernest Blssett Boyes of Oakland;
i Edward Bvans Brown of Manitoba, Canada :
; Aura Theodore Covert of Long Beach; Charles
■ Moses Griffith of San Jose; Norman IXiuglas
i Kelley of Fresno, and George Thomas Milll
ken of Redwood City.
In presenting the diplomas President
Lane made only a few remarks, saying
that the faculty expects the graduates
in their professional relation with each
other and the public to observe the gold
en rule. Aside from this he saw no need
of a code of ethics.
"Healing a Divine Art," was the well
handled subject of a brief address deliv
ered by Rabbi J. Nieto. He compared the
clergy and the medical profession and
■wmit so far as to describe the latter as
being the more godlike of the two.
After several selections by the orch?s
tra the graduates with the faculty re
paired to the California Hotel, where the
Beeond annual banquet was enjoyed.
Dan O'Connell clears up a Sausa
lito mystery, in next Sunday's Call.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
Grand Concert by the Emporium Orchestra Saturday y:^o P. M.
Clearance Sale— se>cond Wwh
Owing up the Profits.
ANOTHER ACHIEVEMENT to make shopping easy and delightful. Every nook and corner of the great
Dry Goods ' Department now lighted by reflected daylight. U^o more matching samples by deceptive elec-
tric light. The luxfer prisms just put in at large expense do away with electricity during the daylight
hours, no matter how remote the section may be from the window. See this latest marvel of man's in-
genuity. '
- - _ _ _
Clothing. Gloves.
- , BB ° yS ' s 7 / and $2 - 00 Knee PantS !c las1 asp A r„dV^CLr^d f <55 I o^^r a arsi^ LL e a s d-ld -l! tt S „^^„ O ■^
OUItS now 4>J.Jo. ! assortment badly broken— hence the clearing price cr .
Various colors and materials, including one line of on these $1.25 and $1.50 Gloves will be _ O3C
black cheviots ; sizes 6 to 13 years. l 6? pairs Trefousse Three-Clasp Kid Gloves, in novelty
Boys' All-wool Reefer Suits nw^Sl!!!^
$1.50. 141 pairs Trefousse Three-Clasp Undressed Xi 1 Gloves,
Sizes 2to 8 years, handsomely trimmed with braid, : in novelty colorings, all sizes, former price $1.75 C( nfx
strictly all wool. No better goods to be had anywhere at pair, clearing price 3>I.UU
double the price. 189 pairs Two-Clasp Kid Fourchette Gloves, in cream
t-» t &r- jf */ iijt-jj c «i : and white only, all sizes, former price 51.50 pair, <*. ~.~
Boys $5 and $6 Middy- Suits now ; sale price '$1.00
$3.45.
Light, medium or dark colors, beautifully trimmed Cl A A rf^^sigSh
with various color combinations and braid. Every suit «+»■• w 8^ 3^3
guaranteed throughout. Ruff Jj^ T^M'tiK *
Men^s $10, $J2.50 and $15 Suits now AQ r WM^Kf
$7.50. . yC - I \\ / 1
Several hundred men have been fitted and sent away | 50 dozen choicest styles Ladies' //I \/7 V
delighted with their bargains ; every suit we sold was : Puff Scarfs, all of our dollar line, w \'/ I
warranted all-wool, fast color and the best value for the j comprising Ottoman silk, Ascots 1 \f I
money in the city ; assortment still unbroken, over 500 to j with or without stock collars, in J i \ / I
choose from, all sizes, all colors, all materials; no suit was ; black, navy, cream, white and f if A
ever sold for l?ss than $10— some as high as $15. Your I cardinal, the newest and most J I / \
choice for $7.50. j stylish ladies' puff scarf in the j I / I
J market, made extra full and Jv I / \
Boys' odd Knee Pants, new fall styles, 1 lon g (*e , one in the picture is ux I ' \ \
at 50c, 75c and $1.00. X 5 Inches), regular value $1 AC K^ \ \
at 50c, 75c and $1.00. each, clearing price 49C \_^ ""
Flour and Butter. Linen Crash 7k.
Special for Friday and Saturday Only 50 pieces Twilled Irish Linen Crash Toweling, strictly
— and your money bach without question if a " flax «. lB , inches wi , de ' . a sood absorbent, was -,
-^ . j.s-j' 7 1 i2j^c yard, clearance sale price ■2^
you are not satisfied.
Fancy Humboldt Butter, the very best that can o — -»r» ■■ *< * • r g m
be produced, full size squares ; to-day and Saturday -33C : , Jsc nandkerCllf CIS lOC.
made'-wi^bT^foT^aTstnge^ p«'ici;i $1.00 : „ § dc en Scalloped Embroidered Sheer Linen Lawn
y f, , k Handkerchiefs, comprising a large assortment of new pat-
— — — terns, including 14 styles in Spanish hemstitch embroidered
\l^k+l/-krt*r- effects, worth 25c and 35c each, on sale to-day |pr_
I\OLIOIIS>. and Saturday, each i^C
India Average Tape ..« 5c bunch ~ zz
500-yd. Spool Basting Cotton 4c spool \\/ m
O.N.T. Crochet Knitting Cotton 4c ball WineS.
O.N.T. Darning Cotton 2c ball .
Cabinet of Hairpins, ico pins 5c each Special for Friday and Saturday only.
"Holdfast" Aluminum Hairpins 20c dozen <s-,,,tern(» c veirs old— mnrts rpcmhrlv <a on
Fine Stockinet Dress Shields, assorted sizes 10c pair dfty .nw?li S; q regularly 4 .c0 §>$ y$
"Onandoff" Dress Shields, for shirtwaists 25c pair aoze "' ' Z "V '•"",*""«
"Amolin" Dress Shields 35c pair I . Sauterne, 5 years old-pints, regularly 52.50 < - s
Re-enforced Corset Steels 5 c pair I doze "' wlil b [ .V •" l#/ °
Side Hose Supporters, all sizes ioc pair ! Tokay, Malaga and Muscatel Wines, regular - n
Satin Belt Hose Supporters 25c pair : 65c6 5c bottles, will be wC
Horn Hairpins _ - 10c dozen Extras-year-old California Cognac, regu-
Horn Hairpins, extra sizes- 4c each larly 53.50 gallon, will be - 3>^.3J
Side Combs, latest styles 20c pair 5-year-old Cognac, per bottle 65c
French Hooks and Eyes 5c box ! c x J • non A in on t •
initials, all letters 10c box I Saturday evening, 7:30 to 10:30 only.
Curling Irons — 3c, 4c and 5c each | Choice Port Wine, regularly 35c tottle, will be 22c
"Dexter's" Knitting Cotton 5c ball Jesse Moore A. A. Whiskey, regularly 51.25 bot-
SUk Hair Nets, best quality 5c and 10c each | tie, will be ..'. 93c
Pl[ EMppKi|j[yj
' Oolden Rule Baz aAi*. *il
WINGED FOOT
STAKES RUN
Autumn Returned the
Winner.
GLORIAN GOES A ROUTE
CAPTURES A DISTANCE RACE
AT BRIGHTON.
At Washington Park Hurly Burly
OUtfoots Algol, Enchanter
and Other Fast
Sprinters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 14.— Results at Brigh
ton. Beach:
First race, one mile, Continental
won. Long Acra second, General Maceo third.
Time, 1:44%.
Second race, five furlongs— Tender won,
Myrlan Claire second, "Water Girl third. Time,
1:03%.
Third race, seven furlongs— Murlllo won.
Fleeting Gold second, Murum third. Time,
1:30%.
Fourth race. •Winged Foot, fl va furlongs-
Autumn won. Dr. Parker second, Dr. Elch
berg third. Time, 1:02%.
Fifth race, mile and a furlong — won.
Bannock second, Sailor King third. Time, 1:66.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Charentus won,
Lansdale second. Gun Metal third. Time, 1:45.
ST. LOUIS, July 14.— Weather pleasant; track
fast. First race, mile and an eighth, selling—
Tutullla won, Forsythe second. Jack Martin
third. Time, 1:58.
Second race, five — Chanoey won.
Good Hope second, Evelyn Byrd third. Time,
1:03.
Third race, six furlongs— CaJlahan won.
Can Galop second. Judge Steadman third.
Time, l:15H-
Fourth race, handicap, one — Mamie Q
won, Sir Holla second, Imp. Skate third.
Time, 1:42%.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Belle Bramble
won. Loving Cup second, Lord Fairfax third.
Time, 1:28.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles. selling
—Lady of the West won, FlngaJ second, Tranby
(barred In betting) third. King Elkwood fourth.
Time, 1:57.
CHICAGO, July 14.— Washington • Park re
sults: Weather clear, track fast. First race,
one mile— Found won. Official second, Roger
B third. Time, 1:40%. 0V..:
Second race, six and a quarter ■ furlongs—
Afamada won, Canace second, Hohenzollern
third. Time, 1:17%.
Third race, five and a half furlongs— W. Over
ton won Formero second, Kentucky Colonel
third. Time. 1:07%.
Fourth race, mile and 100 yards— Blngblnger
won, Libertine second, Bellicoso third. Time,
1:45^.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth — David Tenny
won. Floronso second, Traverser third. Time,
1:52%.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs— Hurly
Burly won, Algol second. Enchanter . third.
Time. 1:16. "
BT;TTE. Mont.. July 14.— Track fast; weather
warm. First race, four and a half furlongs —
Rev Hooker won, Ocorona second, Enzy third.
Time, :66%.
Second race, six ■ furlongs — Lorena II won,
Reel second, Little T G third. Time, 1:1«%.
Third race, : five furlongs— Rubicon won, Va
lenclenne second, Jim Gore third. Time, 1:01. ,
■ Fourth race, ■ one mils, handicap — Imp. -Bitter
Root won. Torald& second, Grady third. Time,
I:4SJj. --^ '■;.. ':::':';
Fifth rare, seven furlongs— Lucky Star ■won,
Dolor? second, Polish thini. Time. 1:28.
Sixth race, four and a half furlongs— Miss
Rowena won. Rattler second, Oman Wood
third. Time, :55.
Star Pointer's Fast Mile.
PEORIA. July 14.— At the mile track to
day Star Pointer set a new trac-- record
by pacing a mil© in 2:O2Vi, the fastest mile
so far this year. Summaries:
2:09 pace, purse $1000— Searchlißht won. Earl
Mont second. Carbonate third. Best time, 2:07.
2:13 trot, purse $1500— Dione won. Red Hee
eecond, Medium Wood third. Best time, 2:111*.
2:20 trot, purse $TW>— Rlffht Wood won. Mal
dono second, Greenfield ISoy third. Best time,
2:33 trot, purse $1000— B C won, Wllkes Bane
second, F W R third. Best time, 2:19 U.
With the Harness Horses.
DETROIT, July 14.-Results at High
land Park:
2:40 trot— Grace Parllnpr won. Ptartella sec
ond, Clark third. Best time, 2:2Ui
2:15 pace— Newton W. won, Harry Omer sec
ond. Rhoda Farrand third. Best tlm«, 8:10%.
2:28 trot— Major Chew won. Mountaineer sec
ond, Valpa third. Best time, 2Ai'i.
All About Bicycle Riding and
Training, by Champion "Jimmy"
Michael, in next Sunday's Call.
New California Postmasters.
WASHINGTON, July 14.— The following
California, poptmasters were appointed to
day: Casmalla. Santa Barbara County,
C. M. Murcls, vice Plo Famlnllll, resigned;
Kramer, San Bernardino County, Denver
P. Dayton, vice Charles M. Palmer, re
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. Meyers & Co.
Weakness jt^^S^^^s^ Established
and j|||P^ vi Seventeen
Diseases \ <%&' '• ~**&Jsg|s!f Years.
of (]ff| No Charge
men ' '^'mMk ■•^IB! '% * or COn "
and '^^^m^^M sflltation -
nothing illifV Private
Dr. Meyers' & Co.'s treatment for partial or complete
loss of vital force in men who are weak and debilitated
from well-known causes, is wonderful in its effects. It
gives new life, new ambitions and new strength to men
who are "all run down." It brings comforting and restful
sleep, it increases the appetite, adds flesh and creates new
powers."' •
Private bock XT.-. Fl— TP2II iH-.*.-.+ Consultation and
endtymptom No Pay Till Cured off --«--
blanki tent free. A * U XCl J X *** VUlfeU office or by ma.l.
731 Market St., San Francisco.
OFFICE HOURS— B to 12, 1 to 5 dally; eveninea. 7 to 8 ; Sunday., 9to 11.
■ signed; Modoc, Inyo County, John j
1 Gunn, vice Frank Fitzgrrald, dead; One-
I onto, San Diego County, Charles S. Rowe
, vice Adrian T. Mann, resigned; Rosedale!
i Kern County, W. R. Shephard, vice Al
bert B. Adams, resigned.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON. July 14.-Pacin> Coast
pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original Widows, etc —Sa
rah A. Franklin, San Jose, $S; Jane A.
Wilher, Pasadena, $17; Lucretia F. Bolson
Stockton. $12.
Oregon: Original — Mary E. Phelps,
Woods, $s.
Washington: Restoration— Special July
6 (special act), John McCarthy, Spokane,
$',!.
Ross' Burns Prove Fatal.
SANTA CRUZ, July 14.— Carlyle B. Ross,
the boy who was burned so terribly in the
powder mill explosion yesterday, died at
S o'clock this morning, after suffering un
told agonies. He displayed wonderful grit
and bore the pain without murmuring, al
though he was conscious and could talk.
Ross was 19 years old and was born at the
powdfr mill -village. He was a graduate
of the Santa Cruz High School.
La Grange Dam Gives Way.
MODESTO. July H.-The large dam In
Tur!cick irrigation district, near La
Grange, gave way yesterday, and the wa
ter rushed to the river below. Sub-Con
tractor Fulton had a narrow escape from
death, a? ho was on the dam at the time
of the collapse. The washout caused a
loss to Contractor Waymire of $15,000.
The break will delay the completion of
the canal for an indefinite period.
56
FRIDAY JULY 15, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKS, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFPICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE CAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I*
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weak. By mall $6 per year; per mor.tb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by malt, $1.80
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftfte Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bulldlnft
C. GEORGE KROOESS. Advertising Representative.
IRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9.20 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 930
o'clock- 615 Lar^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
194 i Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.- 22°> Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 258
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty -second ant
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSE M fc. N Tsi.
Columbia— "Lost— Hours "
Alcaiar— "Faust
iMoroKoo's— "Romany Bye "
Tlvoll— "Fatinltza."
Orpheum- Vaudpvllle.
Ihe CliutOß-Zoo. Vaudeville and Cannon, the 618-pound Man.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
fcutro'B Baths— Swimming.
El Campo— Music, danclug.boatlne, fishing-, every Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day^
AUCTION SALES.
By Edward S. Spear &. Co.— This day, July 14, Groceries,
Hardware, etc., at 217 Dnunm street, , at 10 clock.
By Frank W. Butterfleld .Monday, July 18. Library, at corner
Market and Seventh streets, at 8 o clock p. m.
By Ktllloi Co.— Tuesday, July li». Horses, at corner Marke*
street and Van KeBB avenue, at 11 o'clock.
AGNEWS IN BAD REPUTE.
REVELATIONS concerning the management of
the asylum at Agnews are startling. To learn
that the existence of gross immorality in a
State institution could even be suspected is in itself a
shock. The charges gain apparent strength from the
directness with which they are made, the confidence of
the accusers, as well as the insinuation that the half
has not been told but in due season will be given
I ity.
rdless of what may appear later, if the allega
tions already of record shall be proved in part the
asylum must be cleaned out, the guilty dismissed.
There is no middle course. Either the accused have
been cruelly slandered, or they are unfit for places of
trust. Prompt investigation is an urgent necessity.
If innocent, they will be glad of a vindication such
as can result only from the fullest and freest scrutiny
of all the evidence; it they are not innocent, the de
mand is equally urgent.
The individuals especially concerned are Dr. Spon
ogle, T. T. Tourti'otte and Mrs. K. Madigan.
Against these the charges are definite, and in each
instance of such nature that if established they would
leave no alternative but dismissal of the trio. The
only proper course is to have the facts laid bare
through unbiased official inquiry. No whitewashing
is demanded by the occasion, and no effort to gloss
over the offenses will be tolerated. Nothing less
than an absolute conclusion will satisfy the people,
for the people have grown tired of corruption among
their servants.
The truth is demanded, and in getting at it none
should be protected by influence nor assailed from
motives of revenge.
SCHOOL VACATIONS.
THE problem of whether the public and other
schools should be continued without vacation
throughout the entire year is now up for discus
sion in the Eastern States, and prominent educators
and educational journals are considering it As a kin
dred question the need of vacation schools is being
urged by some, among them President Eliot of Har
vard.
The problem is chiefly one for the towns and cities.
It has been said that the vacation of country chil
dren is not subject to the same reasoning «.s that of
the urban young folks, because when they are not
going to school they are busy receiving a practical
education for the duties of life by helping their
fathers and mothers on the farms.
The city children are mostly idle during the vaca
tion, and if the vacation is extendid longer than the
needed rest there can no good come of it Those who
favor long vacations say that the growing minds of
the children are already overtaxed, and that teachers
seek to put into them more than they can assimi
late. This question, like all others, has two sides to
it, but it is to be noted that the abolition of long
vacations will not be wholly an experiment, for the
German schools are run all the year round, and the
results there are said to be good.
Perhaps the solution of the matter that both par
ties might compromise on would be to do away with
or greatly shorten the vacations, and at the same time
correspondingly lessen the load that is laid on the
young minds by reducing their daily tasks and short
ening their hours of mental application. Thus they
would accomplish the same progress during the year
and do it with far more ease.
There is no doubt that in a very long vacation the
mind not only forgets a large part of what it had
acquired, but it loses the habit of application and
power of attention. Long idleness is about as bad
as overtraining. It is far more arduous to start to
work after the relaxing of a long rest than to keep
at It with moderation.
Perhaps the enterprising contractors who have let
the making of uniforms to Chinese would have ex
cited less indignation if the uniforms made had been
of decent material or cut. As it is, white labor suf
fers, and the soldiers, in whose welfare all take in
terest, are arrayed in a lot of misfit togs of varied
hue, and on parade give the impression of having
equipped themselves at a second-hand store. Alto
gether there has been a very scurvy piece of business
done, and the people responsible for it will find that
it will not be forgotten in a hurry.
Nevada guardsmen are said to be threatening not
to enter the Federal service unless they shall be al
lowed to name their own officers. By glancing at the
files of San Francisco papers they may ascertain with
profit that the trick was tried here once, and that it
lacked much of working to the satisfaction of the dis
contented.
No people is represented by finer, more manly look
ing soldiers than the regulars who marched on board
ship yesterday.
Neither candidate of the Populists has whiskers
worth mentioning. One by one traditions fade*
REPUBLICAN STATE CONVENTION.
WHEN the selection of the place at which to
hold the Republican State Convention is con
sidered from the standpoint of individual
preferences or prejudices, there result almost as many
opinions as there are cities in the State. Each indi
vidual is of the opinion that his own town should be
chosen, and if put to it can give forty reasons for the
choice. When considered broadly, however, from the
standpoint of party welfare, and the comfort and
convenience of the delegates to the convention, there
is but one opinion. Upon such consideration it is
universally agreed that San Fraudsco is the place to
be chosen.
With respect to the comfort and convenience of the
delegates to the convention it is hardly possible to
make an argument for any other city against San
Francisco. Even when State conventions are held
elsewhere a large majority of the delegates come to
San Francisco before going to the convention and
return here alter it adjourns. It would be more con
venient for them to remain here.
Moreover, it would be more comfortable for them
to remain. The weather is cooler and pfeasanter here
than in any other city in the State, and the work of
the convention can be more agreeably and ener-
getically done. The hotel accommodation is much
superior to that of other cities, as are also the ac-
commodations of restaurants. In every respect of
comfort during the session of the convention as well
as of convenience of travel in coming and going San
Francisco is beyond rivalry in the State.
Equally potent are the arguments in favor of the
city when the welfare of the party is considered.
The determining vote of the State is in this city. It
is therefore expedient that delegates to the State
convention should be in touch with the sentiment
of the people of the city in making nominations.
When conventions meet in other cities the delegates
begin to scatter as soon as the nomination for Gov
ernor is made, leaving the other nominations to the
hazards of logrolling, or the push, or the caprice of
a faction. That does not happen when conventions
assemble in San Francisco. Every delegate remains
here to the last day of the session. Every one at
tends to the closing work.
It has been argued at times that owing to the many
hotels and lodging-houses in San Francisco the dele
gates get scattered and cannot be so easily found as
when conventions are held in smaller cities where
there axe but one or two hotels. That argument,
however, tells in favor of the city and not against it
when considered from the standpoint of party wel
fare. The scattering of the delegates prevents them
from being herded by the bosses, inveigled into cor
rupt combinations and voted in masses. It also gives
the exhausted delegate a chance to get away to him
self from the roar and clamor of the crowd, and thus
by rest recover his force and clear-headed common
sense for the performance of his duties.
The subject is one which the State Central Com
mittee should deal with from the standpoint of party
expediency and upon the broadest considerations.
The Republican convention should be held in this
city by all means. Being the metropolis of the State
and centrally situated, it is the natural convention city
of the commonwealth. This is the place where the
convention can do its best work, and it is, there
fore, the best place at which the convention can
meet.
THE HfI PPY FAMILY.
OF course the merry war in which Maguirc has
become a central figure is none of our fight.
We have the privilege of looking on and ob
serving whether the ring tactics are fair or foul, un
moved by concern as to whether the Populists get
hit below the belt or in this manner administer a
knockout blow to the Democrats.
Populists declare they have so shaped events as to
make impossible to Democrats- any action save in
dorsement of their man Maguire. Comforting as it
would be to see the wordy Congressman bowled over,
as he must be as surely as he receive the indorse
ment for which his soul yearns and his jaw makes
plea, we confess to inability to discern why the Dem
ocrats should feel under obligations to submit to the
dictation of the Populistic element in the political
happy family.
Maguire was nominated by 156^ Populists. With
great wagging of beards they proclaimed him the
Moses to lead them out of the wilderness, and they
lay down the law that the Democrats shall do the
same thing. They are willing to divide their, Moses.
In the Democratic convention will be 700 delegates.
Will these submit to the direction of the talkative
handful? It does not seem reasonable. Perhaps they
will be found to have minds of their own and tell the
Populists to keep their little old Moses.
But in either case Republicans have nothing to
worry about. We would be glad to see Maguire in
dorsed with a whoop. From the standpoint of Dem
ocracy no worse move could be made. Maguire
would be defeated with an ease that would give him
pain.
ENGLISH SCHEMES IN AFRICA.
' Z^J NGLAND'S proverbial success as a colonizer
6eems now about to achieve a most notable con
'—* firmation of her right to such reputation. The
great representative of Anglo-Saxon prowess in this
field, Cecil Rhodes, has been strong enough to tri
umph over that great error, the Jameson raid, which
would have been fatal to many a strong man less
strong than he, and is again planning, like a sort of
Bonaparte, for the colonial conquest of Airica.
He has been re-elected as a director of the Char
tered Company of London, and has met with a re
ception that shows confidence and willingness to
back him in his big ambitions. In his address to the
shareholders of that company he roused their enthu
siasnywith the catching cry of "Cairo to the Cape."
The idea is to connect Egypt with the Cape of Good
Hope by rail, and on that vertebral column
build an English Africa.
Rhodes' purpose, as a step in that direction, is to
borrow in England two million pounds to extend the
present railroad system of South Africa to Lake
Tanganyika, which is on the northern boundary of the
English domination in the Dark Continent. This
would bring the overland route from the Cape to
within less than 1800 miles of Khartoum, the place
to which the English expedition from Cairo under
the Sirdar Kitchener is advancing to oust the Der
vishes. It is claimed that if these two points are at
tained the remainder of the railway will be an easy
matter of attainment.
Six million pounds are said to be already invested
in the combined enterprise, and the British public are
asked to put up the two millions more that are
needed to complete the undertaking. The sharehold
ers are to be made secure in their investment by the
state's assuming the money so employed as a debt,
and for their profit Rhodes is to give the company a
half interest in all the mineral wealth of the country
traversed.
If Rhodes' design should be carried out and the
connection made of the Mediterranean with Eng
land's possessions in South Africa, the ambitious
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1898.
dream of making the big continent practically an
English colony might well be within the realm of
possibility. In the meantime, however, it is to be
remembered that in Africa, as in Asia, France and
Germany axe to be reckoned with as well as the na
tives.
A TEARFUL SITUATION.
THE sorrowful spectacle presented by the Demo
cratic party of California at this juncture is cal
culated to bring tears to the eyes of even as cold
and unsympathetic a thing as the tin angel on the
i dome of the City Hall. The campaign has been
opened by the party candidate for Governor accept
| ing the nomination of the Populists. If Judge Ma
guire is a Democrat, there is but one principle in
j the platform adopted at Sacramento on Wednesday
to which he can properly give his adhesion. We re
fer to the plank which denounces the war as a finan
! cial scheme of the Republican moneycrats for the un
i doing of "the people." This ought to receive Ma
; quire's approval. He regarded the early capture of
Spanish ships as "piracy."
But to repeat. The melancholy spectacle presented
', by the Democracy at this juncture would draw tears
■ from an even more obdurate object than the City Hall
angel — if, indeed, such an object were capable of un
derstanding the depth of degradation to which it has
descended. Its leaders at the outset have sold their
principles, not alone to the band of office-seeking
Populists who met at Sacramento on Wednesday, and
who represent nothing except an ardent desire to get
at the State treasury, but also to a band of fifty cent
dollar manipulators, who call themselves "Silver Re
publicans."
Herein is disclosed the most terrifying political
fusion ever consummated in the State. The "Silver
Republicans" are mostly stalwarts. For years they
have been "pointing with pride" and "viewing with
alarm" the acts of the Democracy and Its allies, the
Populists. Not one of them but has contemplated
a hundred Democratic tickets with horTor and aver
sion. Not one of them but carries a dozen Demo
cratic scalps at his belt.
Yet at the coming election the Democratic rank
and file will be called upon to walk to the polls and
i vote for two Silver Republicans. It is not enough
: that it should be asked to swallow eight Populists,
who, under the fusion programme, will obtain places
I on the Democratic ticket, but they must vote for two
Republican renegades. Will they do it? That ques
tion time alone can answer. In the meantime Dem
1 ocratic hearts may as well bleed hereabouts. There
never was a period in the history of that party when
it needed sympathy so much as now. It has been
I sold to an office-holding syndicate; pirates are in
i command of its ship and it is heading directly for
the rocks, with nary a lighthouse working.
But if this is not sufficient to excite the lachrymose
glands of the tin angel it need only be added that the
fused party is being supported by a boodling sheet,
around which still lingers the odor of railroad black
mail. Indeed, it is quite probable that some of the
money obtained by the Examiner through its $1000
a month contract with Huntington is now being used
to aid Maguire's election to the governorship. The
Southern Pacific paid $22,000 under that contract,
1 and unless Hearst has used more in cutting off the
i heads of Spanish soldiers than he should, some of the
coin ought still to be available for the campaign. But
what a spectacle 1 The Democratic party sold to the
I Populists for the gubernatorial nomination and sup
' ported by a newspaper which has been convicted of
', blackmailing the Southern Pacific Company out of
$22,000 in gold coin — not fifty cent dollars, mind you,
I but good, hard, yellow dollars, worth 100 cent 9
i throughout the world.
Unless the tin angel objects to displaying her grief
in public, she should begin weeping immediately.
There is scarcely time to get in a real hard cry ere
the bells will ring for the big Democratic funeral in
November. Then everybody will have to shed a tear
over many new made fusion graves.
SPAIN'S DEGENERATION.
THE study of the causes of Spain's downfall is
one of the most instructive in history, and with
her past three centuries of descent before us it
is a curious matter of speculation as to how far that
degeneration is to go. Is her course a curve that
will somewhere reach it 3 lowest point and thence rise
again to power? Or is it a straight fall, to end only
by striking bottom and staying there? Will it con
tinue till she sinks from a master into a subject na
tion and becomes merely semi-civilized, or will she
reform, as individuals sometimes do, and start on an
upward course after her lessons have been made fit
tingly severe?
Perhaps the fact will lie midway between these two
suppositions and Spain's doom is conservatism — to
find her ruin by remaining stationary, by proudly and
stupidly refusing to progress by the paths that the
successful nations are pursuing. It has been held by
some that such a condition is impossible, that there
must be a movement either up or down; but Turkey
is a witness that in the modern world a non-progres
sive nation may be long permitted to live and to con
tinue to perpetrate outrages. There is little doubt
that if Spain now deserved to have her nationality de
stroyed, and the United States both could and would
destroy it, united Europe would stay the extinction.
So Spain may exist on for centuries, like Turkey, as
an obiect lesson, to teacVi national morality.
A baleful conservatism has been one of the chief
causes of Spain's change from a great to an insig
nificant nation. Some conservatism is good, but hers
was of the wrong kind. She persisted in methods of
military conquest in her colonies when she should
have studied the arts of conciliation. She refused to
learn her lesson and change her policy, as she might
have done, like England. She persisted ir fettering
men's consciences after the enlightened nations had
found out the folly of it. She persisted in that form
of pride which made her strongest and most intellec
tual men despise industrial pursuits and seek careers
only in the army, the church or in governmental po
sitions, long after the successful peoples had begun to
lay the foundation of their modern greatness on man
ufacture and commerce.
Lastly, that grasping rapacity, reaching out reck
lessly for all the gold there was in sight, which was
prominent among the qualities that first raised her
to a dominant position among the nations, was con
served as one of her main characteristics until com
plete poverty resulted from her very greed. So her
unwillingness, or inability, to change has brought this
wreck upon her. Perhaps degeneration is an inap
propriate word to apply to Spain — she has remained
as she was while others have gone ahead, and her
present plight is the inferiority of medievalism to
modern civilization.
It Is not to be wondered at that Spain should make
complaint as to the quality of the projectiles used by
our navy. It might also logically put up a note of
lamentation concerning the unfeeling accuracy with
which the projectiles are hurled.
Watson will doubtless soon put that third fleet
where critical inspection will require the use of a
diving suit.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
F. Q. Poor of Merced la stopping at the
Russ.
Dr. H. Lowe of Knights Ferry Is at the
Grand.
H. M. Btreeter of Riverside Is at the
Palace.
E. D. Gardner of Red Bluff Is at the
Occidental.
George H. Wigrnore Is a guest at the
Occidental.
Dr. R. W. Hill of Los Angeles Is stop
ping at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. L. McDonald Jr. are stay
ing at the Occidental.
William Slmms, the banker, of Winters,
Is a guest at the Rubs.
Judge John M. Fulweller of Auburn is
registered at the Lick.
R. Robertson, proprietor of the Paralso
Springs, is at the Lick.
Thomas Smith has gone to Del Monto
for a six weeks' vacation.
Dr. H. L. Pace and wife of Tulare are
registered at the Palace.
Frank H. Buch and wife of Vacavllle
are staying at the Palace.
Thomas Flint Jr. and wife of San Juan
are registered at the Palace.
0O»OO««»Oa The last car
$ had gone and a
£ long walk stared
0 him in the face,
w so he wanted to
"* get home Just as
® FROM WAY
& DOWN
*3 IN TENNESSEE.
9sM
wwwwwwkwka quickly as he
aO£BO«Bo8« possibly could.
He wore the silver leaf on his shoulder
straps, and his bibulous companion hnd
chevrons sewed on his arms, which de
noted the sergeant major. They had
passed the merry cup until the latent af
fection in their hearts began to manifest
itself. They were brothers, and as the
game of elbow-raising continued a wave
of reminiscence swept over them. Fi
nally the major said: "Tom, come on;
you have had enough of this. I am your
superior officer and I order you to leave
this place at once." "Well, you may be
my superior officer, sir," said tha other,
"but lam your elder brother, sir. I
want you to know that, and I am the one,
sir, whom you are to obey, sir." Tne ma
jor replied: "If that is bo, sir, let me tell
you, sir, you are Betting a very bad ex
ample, fir."
James Edwards, a mining man of New
York City, is at the Grand.
Games Roberts, assistant naval lnstruo
tor, U. S. N.. Is at the Grand.
M. B. Totten. a wealthy land owner of
Colusa, is staying at the Russ.
Mr. and Mrs. V. D. McClatchy of Sacra
mento are staying at the Californla.
J. A. Bacham, wife and daughter, of
, Santa Rosa, are staying at the Occidental.
C. Nigel Stewart of London, the proml
; nent mining man, is staying at the Ofand.
John D. Hooker and wife arrived from
Los Angeles yesterday and are stopping
at the Palace.
Dr. A. E. Osborn, superintendent orth«
| Home of the Feeble Minded at Eldridge,
, is registered at the Grand.
L. A. Richards, the well-known breeder
of horses, arrived from Grayson yester
day and Is staying at the Russ.
Nathan Cole Jr., Karl Rogers, James D.
Clark. Sutherland Hutton and Charles
O'Neill, have just returned from Sacra
mento, where they attended the Populist
Convention.
W. R. Tisdel, special agent of th« Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company for Central
j America and Mexico, with a station at j
\ Guatemala City, has returned from the
', East and is stopping the the Occidental.
j CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, July 14.— G. R. Vernon
of San Francisco Is at the St. James; W.
Belvin of San Francisco is at the Metro
politan.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, July 14.-C. H. McCartney
of San Francisco is at the Manhattan. "W.
J. Douse of Santa Ana is at the Astor.
W. F. Beck of the Beck Mercantile Com
pany of San Francisco Is visiting Eastern
markets.
HOBSON.
(As told by Mikey O'Toole.)
Siz Hobson of Allybama, I brought yez a
load of coal.
Siz Sevpry. It's just the very thing I
wahnt, bless yer soul."
S'z Hobson, I'll put er down In the bz.ee
mint for yez to get.
Slz Severy, Hould en, If you do It'll get
mity wet.
Devil car^s slz Hobson: Is this the bay
of Santiago?
Never yez mind about the bay. Dom the
bay, siz the Dago.
That's phot I'm tryin' to do, siz Hobson,
both imls on the ground.
Slz Soverv. Lave room, plaze, for a
wheelbarry to go 'round.
Dthln he slz, Doo yez see me mm ehootln'
away at marks?
I do, begorra, says Hobson — they're
skarrln' ahf all the sharks.
Pay for the coal, slz Hobson; I've put her
all down in the bin.
Divil a cent I have, said Severy, for you
and the mm.
Dthln we'll boord with yez, siz Hobson,
until ivery cint we git:
And he did an' he's boordln It out with
the Dago till ylt.
— Topeka Daily Capital.
A MISUNDERSTANDING.
To the Editor of The Call: In Justice
to Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald, I wish
to state regarding the mass-meeting held
at the Metropolitan Temple on Wednes
day evening, that the mistake was due
entirely to articles which have appeared
In the papers for the past week, due to
a misunderstanding on the part of the
reporters and not in any manner the fault
of the Labor Commissioner. He had noth
ing to do with the calling of the meeting,
and so stated to every one, and the work
ing women of thlß city know how hard
and faithfully he has worked for them,
and thank him with all their hearts for
what he has accomplished. The article
which appeared makes us seem guilty
of the basest Ingratitude instead of being
thankful. MRS. ANSELM.
San Francisco, July 14, 1898.
\OLUNTEERS AND REGULARS.
When the mllltla boys went up to the j
fort they carried with them plenty of
ideas about what the regulars were going
to be like, and the regulars in their turn
were like a lot of schoolboys at the be
ginning of the term when the "new boys"
began to nock in. At present though the
rough edges of both sides have been
rubbed off. The volunteers have found
out that the regulars are a fine lot of
men, who know their business and have
gray matter under their campaign hats.
The regulars, too, have discovered that
the volunteers like the excitement of run
ning the guard as much as they do, and
that they also know how to grumble
and complain one moment and how to '
hurrah for their officers the next. That ;
is one of the first lessons the regular
learns, but his grumbling is "all in the |
family." If an outsider tries to make
remarks about the army to a regular
"doughboy," the man has a fight on his
hands.
The recruits of the Twenty-second were
a source of constant amusement to the '
regulars at Fort Slocum. They are used
to them now, though.
The first recruit was rather a surprise
to the regulars. He was dressed in
knickerbockers of the latest and most im
proved style, his mustache was nicely
curled and his stockings were fairly de
cent checker-boards. They thought ho
was a major general at least when ho
asked the way to regimental headquar
ters, and they all stood and saluted. The
next day a broad grin went around the
ftost when they found the major general
n an old suit of faded hhif nonchalantly
peeling potatoes in the kitchen and throw-
Ing in kindling wood. A few days later
they were even more astonished when
they saw the new man In the brown "pen"
BUit and learned that he was a good fel
low and tried to "run" the guard.
The next recruit came up from New
York on his bicycle and took it over to
the fort. He asked a regular where he
could keep his wheel, and the answer or
the regular made the air blue.— New lork
Sun.
HOW NEW YORK CELEBBATES.
If you're asking what the row Is,
■What the never-ceasing noise is,
"What the bursting boundless boom la.
-What the blunderbusslan bang is,
What the flashing fiery fizz is.
What the whooping, whanging whiz Is,
What the 'swinging:, sweeping slzz Is,
What the silence-splitting sound Is,
What the too terrific toot is;
What the boisterous, breezy blare Is,
What the big-horn, brassy blast is.
What the much meandering march Is,
What the flawless, flying flag Is,
Why the spruce gum of Katahdln
Spruces finer than a fiddle.
Why the cold New England Tanke«
Booms the everlasting Doodle,
Why the blooming wooden nutmeg .
Whoops Itself to something greater, «
Why the knightly Knickerbocker
K nicks his bocks and hocks his knicker,
Why the mint of old Virginia
Coins a patriotic Julep.
Why the Georgia watermelon
Bursts In red enthusiasm.
Why the tents that tickle Tampa
Swell with pride and tooting trooper*,
Why the old Kentuck" bourbon
Turns its veller into gladness.
Why the Texas cotton raiser
Raises other things than cotton.
Why from Maine to California,
On to Oregon and Klondike,
From the -Philippines to Cuba,
Taking In the Sandwich Islands
And some other territory,
There is boom and bang and bolster.
There Is fizz and fire and fervor,
There Is Yankee Doodle-Dixie—
Uncle Sam will tell you briefly
That he's out to do some Fourthlng,
Just a bit of 'F''>t7rthlng, mind you.
On his Jolly July birthday;
That he's out to have a pleasant
Little Uncle Sam-sam frolic.
That Is all. Now If there's any-
Body thinks that he can stop It.
6ay, for Instance, let him try It.
Let him try It, right this mlnutel
Whoop-la!!
— W. J. L. In New York Bui
ANSWEBS TO COBBESPONDENTS.
AN OREGON SHERIFF— M. D., City.
The Sheriff of Multnomah County, Ore
gon, is William Frazier of Portland.
BIRD EGGS— C. L... Morgan Hill, San
ta Clara County, Cal. You can obtain
Information about bird eggs by commu
nication with Walter E. Bryan, Oakland,
Cal.
MAURITIUS— M. R., City. Your letter
of Inquiry about annexation of Mauritius
Is so vague as to fall to convey what in
formation is desired, bo It Is impossible
to answer it.
GIBSON THE ARTIST— S. C. F.. City.
A letter intended for Charles Dana Gib
son, the artist, will reach him if ad
dressed, care of Harper's Weekly, New
York City, N. Y.
"VISITING DAY— F. T., City. Visitors
are admitted to see the prison at San
Quentln any week day, but to see any
particular prisoner permission must be :
asked for by writing to the Warden, who
will fix the day.
TO ENTER THE NAVY— Clarenlss,
Oakland, Cal. For detailed Information
about entering the United States navy
apply at the naval rendezvous at 10 Cali
fornia street, San Francisco.
W. C. S., City. It is stated at the Branch
Hydrographic Office that the old time
ball that was operated on the top of Tele
graph Hill was not regulated by time re
ceived from the Mount Hamilton Observa
tory.
A VICTORY— J. H., City. When in war,
one contending party assaults the other
party, drives it from the field and holds
it, that is a victory, no matter how severe
a loss the attacking party may have sus
tained. Apply that rule to the facts of the
battle of Breed Hill, commonly called
Bunker Hill, and you will be able to de
termine which side won.
ON THE PINTA— M., San Diego, Cal.
Those men who were detailed by the
United States Government to serve on the
Pinta, now at San Diego, receive pay al
lowed to men of the same rank in the
United States Navy. Those doing guard
duty on board of her under orders from
the State are national guardsmen, and
are paid by the State at the rate of 12
per day. It is not likely that the men will
have to wait until the session of the n<*xt
Legislature to authorize payment of what
there is due them.
NAMING WAR VESSELS— TV. J. D.,
Oakland, Cal. The law in regard to the
raining of war vessels of the United States
navy la as follows:
Vessels shall be named by the Secretary
of the Navy. Sailing vessels of the first
class, after the States of the Union; those
of the second class, after the rivers; those
of the third class, after the principal
ADVERTISEMENTS.
♦
4-
I We Don't Want
♦ to lower the quality of our teas. We
X can't afford to damage our reputation,
♦ but Uncle Sam wants more money for
1+ his Boys in Blue, and to get this money,
X Uncle Sam has put lOc tax on each
X pound of tea. We will pay Uncle Sam
4- . this war tax of lOc on each pound of
X tea until July 15th. After July 15th
♦ you pay Uncle Sam lOc extra on each
+ pound of tea.
■f
X f) DIM B/ Good Health to the .
+ UillHlX Boys in Blue
4- WITH
: America's Best Tea.
X Quality Prices
L Best Obtainable. Lowest In America.
I Great American Importing Tea Co.
X SPEAKING FOR THEIR
X' 108 Money Saving Stores.
"*" V: CITY STORES.
£ 1011 Market 81 2008 Fillmore Si 146 Ninth SL
+ 140 Sixth St 3006 Sixteenth St. 506 Kearny St.
[4- 1419 Polk 2610 Mission St. 8285 Mission st
♦ 855 Hayes 8t x 1819 Devisadero St 521 Montgomery At.
♦ . 218 Third St. 52 Market St 705 Larkin St.
!♦ 1190 Kentucky St.
+ OAKLAND STORES.
♦ 1052 Washington St., Oakland 1510 Seventh St., W. Oakland.
1+ 917 Broadway, Oakland. 616 E. Twelfth St., Oakland,
'% 131 San Pablo Aye., Oakland 1355 Park St Alaraeda,
: A Good Time
; .■'.' to Buy Tea
cities and towns, and those of the fourth
class, as the President may direct.
Steamships of the first class shall be
named after the States of the Lrnon;
those of the second class, after the riv
ers, and those of the third class, as the
President may direct.
A LETTER— G. G. H., City. If you wish
to ascertain if a person is a resident of
either one place or the other and you
wish to communicate with such person,
write a letter to each place and place on
:he em ••■■• i the wi >rds, "If not
in thirty days return to " giving ad
dress of writer). If the party is in either
place it is likely that the letter will be
called for in the stated time. If not. the
letter will be returned. Again writ* 1 to
last-known address of the party, and the
chances are that the Iftter will be for
warded to the new residence.
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS— M. P., Oakland,
Cal. By the census of Septomber. 1898, th 4
total population of the Hawaiian Islands
was 109,020. In July, 18J7, 11 «raa estimated
that the population was 115.957 According
to the Hawaiian Almanac and Annual
the population by tho census of IS% wan
divided as follows: Natives, 31.019; part
native, 8455; Chinese, 19,382; Americans.
22ti6; Hawaiians of foreign parentage
13.733: British 158* ; Pirtti ' ■ -
mans, 812; French, 75; Japanese, 22.329;
Norwegians, 216; Polynesians, 409; other
Igners, 424. Honolulu's population ia
29,920.
VOTING FOR ELECTORS-S. A. It,
City. The plan of voting for President of
the United States by electors was adopted
by the framers of the constitution to in
sure the action of the desire of the people
in the choice of their chief magistrate
without running the risk of a possible
revolution through popular excitement
over an unusually favorite candidate.
After a number of plans had been sug
gested it was thought best to give the
power into the hands of a limited num
ber of persons, chosen oy the people for
the sole purpose of making this selection.
Alexander Hamilton expressed it in these
words: "It was desirable that the sense
; of the people should operate In the choice
j of the persons to whom so important a
! trust was to be confided. It was equally
| desirable that the immediate election
j should be made by men most capable of
! analyzing qualities adapted to the sta
| tion. A small number of persons selected
by their fellow citizens from the general
I mass would be the most likely to possess
! the information and discernment neces
! sary for so complicated an investigation."
■ The idea was that the people would select
' their very best and wisest men as elec
i tors, and that they In turn, independent
lof any outside pressure, would sit in
. judgment upon the qualities and abilities
' of the foremost citizens of the republic
and choose from their number, not the
most popular man, but the man possessed
' of the highest qualifications for the office
to serve as President. To elect the Presi
dent by popular vote could be done only
by an amendment to the constitution.
Cal. elace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The Spanish gunner got himself within
the barn, shut the door and bolted it.
Putting his rifle to his shoulder, he took
careful aim, and. shutting his eyes, fired.
"Ha!" said he, "who said I could not hit
the side of a bp.rn?"
But when he went to look for the mark
of tho bullet he found he had fired
through a knothole. — Indianapolis Journal.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrap"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists !n every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
■Wlnßlow*s Soothing Bynip. 25c a bottle.
■ ♦ ■ '■
TO PORTLAND. OREGON. 48 hour*. First
cabin, $13; second-class, $8, including meals
and berths. Steamship Columbia, 2000 tons,
July 10. 18, 28, August 3. Steamship State of
California, 1500 tons, July 14, 22, SO. August 7.
Sail from Folsom-street pier No. 12, 10 a. m.
No better or more modern steamships on Pa
cific coast. A cool and delightful summer
trip; exhilarating' sea air. The public. is wel
come and invited to visit these ships while In
port. Office 630 Market street.
COROKADO— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mlFts common further north. Round-trip tick
ets, by steamship, Including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $60; longer etay,
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 Xew Montgomery st.,
S. F., or E. S. BABCOCK, Manager Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado, Cal.
Thoug-h near his latter end, Methusaleh
still possessed a pretty wit.
"Have you lived here always?" asked
a new comer.
"Only since I was born," chuckled the
old man. — Cincinnati Enquirer.TWO NATIONS FRATERNIZE OVER THE FALL OF THE BASTILE.
SCENES AT THE GRAND FETE— A FEW HUMOROUS CONTRASTS
MLAfRF.NXE DE LA
LA NDE, Consul General
of France, referring to the
part which the French
people of San Francisco have taken
in aiding our sick soldiers, said:
'•Un hopital repute parmi ses
pariels, a largement et gTat
uitement ouvert les portes de cet
etablissement aux maladesquiont
etc atteinte chez ces soldats nom
breux concentres ici, de tous les
points de l'Union Americaine, en
vue dune expedition lointaine.
Voila une initiation prisea propos
et bien dans les traditions de
notre nr.tion; voila une preuve
indiscutable de sentiments ef
fectifs d'amitie et de considera
tion vis-a-vis dv pays dans lequel
vous vivez, a l'abri d'institu
tions comme les notres: republi
caines."
The French Colony of San Fran
cisco took Its annual day out yester
ind took it with even more than
the usual amount of Gallic enthusiasm
•y. The war spirit in the air
Is folt just as keenly by French as by
English speaking people, and a mili
tary aspect was given to the enter
tainment by the fact that the whole
of the day's pleasure were to
• 11 to the Red Cross Society, the
familiar emblem of this organization
decorating every bill and announce
ment of the celebration. The whole
of the varied resources of the Chutes
were placed at the disposal of the
committee, and all afternoon and
evening the place was crowded with
a gay, pleasure-making throng. The
French ladles turned out in the most
brilliant toilettes. Their hats alone,
when viewed from a height, would
have gladdened the heart of a land
ape gardener. Every one of the
GRIEF CRAZED
CARRIE SCHERR
Was Once a Handsome
Stylish Girl.
FOUND IN A FILTHY ABODE
BHE AND HER SISTER INDOORS
FOR THREE YEARS.
A, Family of Six Living in the
Foulest Place Ever Seen
by the Health
Officers.
A most Inexcusable and flagrant case
of neglect of a family of half-witted peo
ple came to the notice of the health of
ficials yesterday.
Police Officer John W. Butterworth of
the Health Department and Officer T. J.
Coleman visited the residence of a family
named Scherr in the forenoon for the pur
pose of investigating a report as to an
alleged case of Insanity, filth and neglect,
and found that the case was the worst
that had ever come under their observa
tion.
The family resides in a three-story bay
window house at 822 California street, on
the northwest corner of Prospect place.
The house adjoining, which is of the
same style of architecture and Is num
bered 824, is divided into three flats with ;
a basement, and is placarded to let.
Both these houses and another a block
or two away belong to the Scherr family,
the latter house being occupied by ten
ants of the Scherrs.
When the officers pained admission to
the house in the forenoon they found Car
rie Scherr, aged 40, clad only In a torn
and dirty shirt. lyinK On a thing which had
Borne time been v bed. The clothing was
black with ago ;m<] <lirt and grease. Al
bert, a stalwart brother of 3?. years, was
In the bousa i:i hia shirt sleeves prepar
ing a bucket of whitewash for the rented
houFe. The other occupants present were
a sister named Helen, 37 years old, and
Caroline, the mother, about 70.
After Carrie had hung a few dirty rag*
many methods of amusement to be
found at the Chutes, from the me
nagerie to the fat man, were largely
patronised; good humor and laughter
■were the order of the day, and the
policeman on duty found their posts
qultt- agreeable sinecures.
The chief interest of the afternoon
centered, of course,- in the pavilion,
where bunting of all colors Buttered
from the walls, and the French and
American flags, draped in brotherly
union, decorated the stage. The large
hall was crowded long before 2 o'clock,
but the audience was kept waiting a
tiresome time, until at last the presi
dent of the day, Monsieur Emmanuel
Raas. accompanied by quite a crowd
of swallow-tall-coated French citi
zens, made his appearance on the plat
form. Bennett's military band, which
provided gratuitous music, celebrated
the event by a joyful overture. The
Red Cross Society also showed its In
terest in the proceedings, the' presi
dent, Mrs. Harrington, and several
other prominent ladles connected with
the organization being placed in tho
front row on the stage.
The president's speech was com
mendably short, but it was well re
ceived by his hearers, most of whom
naturally understood the French lan
guage. He briefly dealt with the rea
sons which have made the Four
teenth of July a day dear to all
.Frenchmen, and showed how thor
oughly the French " colony of the
United States, dwelling in the midst
of prosperous industry, had a practi
cal illustration of the liberty won by
the French nation ever before them;
a daily example -of the strength,
wealth and power achieved by a race
governing itself. He expressed the
wish that the great cry of "Vive la
France" "would be continued In all
hearts with "Vive les Etats Unls,"
and that the two would bl»nd into
the one great cry, "Vive la repub
lique." The president also paid a
very handsome tribute to the Ameri
can army and gratefully acknowledged
the assistance which Its officers had
lent them in the organization of this
fete.
The French Consul General, M. Lau
rence de Lalanae. paid a similarly
warm tribute to the energy, aptitude
and efficiency of the- American race,
especially referring to the rapidity
with which a great army had just
upon herself she was questioned as to her
sanity by Health Officer Dr. Gallwey. She
was without shoes or stockings and the
black grime of years clung to her feet.
Her hair had been allowed to grow and
hung over her back like a black matted
bag. At first sight it looked as though
she was wearing a wig. but closer inspec
tion disclosed the fact that it was all her
own. foul and 111-smelling as It was. •
She was in keeping with her surround
ings. The once white plastered walls
were black and greasy. The floors, car
petless, were sticky with dirt and slippery
in places with candle Brrease an inch
thick. Al! the beds were black with dirt,
and the bedclothing was indescribable. It
had not been washed for years. All the
inside blinds were tightly closed, and the
air wns stuffy with an odor so vile that it
was almost torture to breathe it. It is
an astonishing thing that any one could
have lived for even twenty-four hours in
such an atmosphere. A ten-year-old hog
pen. in flytime, would be as the delicate
fragrance of violets compared with it.
There could be no doubt that the Scherrs
were immune. In this vile den, which was
all alike, upstairs and down, lived a fam
ily of six persons. Albert said that his
two brothers, Emil and Ferdinand, lived
there also, and that Kmil was a clerk in
the employ of the George H. Tay Com
pany.
In one of the upstairs rooms were sev
eral bushels of brown paper bags filled
with newspaper clippings yellow with age.
"They are newspaper articles on busi
ness matters " said Oarrte in reply to the
doctor, "i read them at. night before I
BO to bed, for I stay up tilM2 o'clock or
after and 1 sleep late the next day."
Outside of the dirt these bags of clip
pings were the only evidence of insanity.
The head of the family was a well
known and respectable dealer and specu
lator In malt, and he amassed considera
ble real estate, upon the proceeds of the
rental of which the family seem to be
living. During his lifetime his daughter
Carrie assisted him in his business and
accompanied him everywhere. She was a
line looking womarrr ulwayy richly and
stylishly dressed. Hr died a few years
ago, and Carrie, perhaps unhinged by sor
row, remained at home with her clippings
till the rags and filth grew upon her fcxtd
made her a shocking thing to look upon.
She told the doctor that she had not
stepped outside of the house for three
years. Why? "Because I got some splin
ters In my hands three years ago, and my
hands were so sore that I couldn't dress
myself to go out." As she spoke she held
up to the doctor a pair of black things
that she railed her hands. She wanted
to know why the police and the doctor
had come. It was a respectable house
and everybody in it was respectable, she
said, with some indignation, at the same
time opening to their fullest extent a pair
of iarge, light blue eyes, whose luster and
clearness not even the dirt of the family
abode could hide.
Sister Helen had not been outside for
three years. She did not want to go
tramping through the streets, because she
had no business there, and she was con
tent to remain where she was.
Albert, the able-bodied brother, ex
pressed his regret that the officers had
come If the dirt was all that was the
matter he would clean up the place, but
he required time. He was not crazy,
neither were his sisters. He seemed to
be oblivious of the fact that there was
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1898.
been organized. As the leading mem
ber of the French colony In this city
he took the opportunity of tendering
to tho people of the United States his
warmest sympathy and good wishes
for their success In the present con
flict. Further, he showed that the
French people had proved their kind
ly feeling to the United States in the
most practical of all ways by throw
ing open the doors of that splendid
( harit'y, the French Hospital, to the
Hick soldiers of the country, and grace
fully referring to the stars and stripes
and tricolor which were draped In
unison above his hfad, he expressed
the hope that this happy state of af
fairs would long continue, and that
the good pnns^ of both French and
American citizens' would forever pre
vent any serious difference of opinion
between" the nations.
By way of a change. Judge Troutt
dealt with the fall of the Bastile in
English, glorying in the greatness of
the event jtvhlch Frenchmen bo proud
ly and rightly celebrated. Naturally
the Jmli,'- could not long keep clear
of Spain «hd he turned his oratorical
guns, with terrible effect, upon the
Don. If words were cannon bails, the
war would be over by this time. Also
judge Troutt Undered the thanks of
the American nation to Dewey, Schley,
Sampson and many other of our na
tional heiyps, the French spirit of the
audience loudly applauding the men
tion of these noble names. The Fled
Cross Society also received its share
of thanks, the good work done ta.y the
noble women of new America and old
France, beinjf worthy of the highest
praise. The Judge, as a peroration,
quoted with great effect, the well
known words of Lincoln.
"Let us resolve that our honored
dead shall not have died In vain, tuid
that government of the peopl*. by the
pr-ople, for the people shall never per
ish from the earth."
.In.lged by the standard of eloquence
the best piece of oratory was delivered
by M. A. Gousteaux, who dealt with
the relations between the United
States and France in the same har
monious spirit of the Consul General.
The men who proclaimed the Inde
pendence of the United States were,
he considered, patriots worthy of the
highest honor. The result was that
the Union had never been more per
fect than to-day.
anything abnormal about his surround
lncs
Carrie was told that the doctor wanted
her to go with him to the rooms of the
Board of Health to have hmt hair cut and
shampooed. She demurred, saying that
she could cut her hair herself. She could
not shampoo or otherwise clean it because
it had become matted together and coulu
not be combed.
After much persuasion, she was Induc
ed to put on an old hat. a pair of stock
ings and shoes. Over her dirty tatters she
donned a sealskin cloak, reaching to her
ankles. The cloak had cost many hun
dreds of dollars when it was new, but
there were bald places in it and there
was a great rent in the sleeve. The poor
creature struggled twice on her way to
the patrol ambulance, which the doctor
called by courtesy his carriage, and she
was forced into It by two stalwart police
men from the California Street Station.
They took Helen with her, for she too
seemed to be weak minded, and brought
them to the City Receiving Hospital,
where they were given the first washing
they had had in years. To-day the mat
ter of their insanity an<T the disposition
to be made of them will be determined.
Officers Coleman and Butterworth said
that the Scherr home was- ths foulest
place they had ever seen.
"GENERAL" MOORE SENTENCED
Acting Police Judge Barry Lets Him
Off With a Light Fine",
"General" A. "W. Moore of the Union
Mission Army was convicted by a Jury In
the Police Court yesterday afternoon of
I battery upon Dr. M. 8. Looney on June
20. Justice of the Peace Barry, acting
Police Judge, In view of the fact that
Moore had been in prison since hiß arrest.
Imposed the light sentence of $10, with the
alternative of ten days in the County Jail.
Moore not only knocked the doctor down,
I but inserted his teeth in his arm.
There was another charge of battery
against Moore, the complaining witness
being Henry Klopper, a medical student,
who was with Dr. Looney at the time of
the battery upon the doctor; but th^
Judge without going into the merits of
the case, dismissed it. Klopper will bring
the matter before the Grand Jury.
Moore has been in trouble in this olty be
' fore and previous to coming here he was '
'■ arrested In Portland, Or., for battery, and
i was fined $25. He belonged to "God's
Regular Army" there, and the head of the
army publicly warned the people to have
I nothing to do with him.
An American Paper for Manila.
Clinton McCullough, a San Francisco
printer, formerly located at 219 Sacramen
to street, left on the Bteamer China on
her last trip to the Orient with a full
equipment of printing material, Includ
ing a press. His object is to start an
American paper in Manila as soon as Ad
miral Dewey paves the way for the In
troduction of American civilization.
Smith's Dandruff Pomade
Cures when all other remedies fall, dan-
druff, itching Bcalp and falling hair.
Never fails. Try it. Sample sent free by
Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal. •
For the first time In Its history, the
United States had departed from Its
peaceful policy and had astounded the
world by its brilliant successes. It hsrd
shown that it had a navy worthy of
comparison with that of the first Euro
pean powers, not in numbers, but in in
trinsic worth. Its armament was for
midable, and the military and naval
operations undertaken had been car
ried out with precision by worthy lead
ers. He advlsr-d Americans not to at
tach too much importance to the Ir
responsible utterances of some French
journalists, and pointed out that Gen
eral Porter, the United States Embas
sador at Paris, was <? much better
judge of the feelings of the French na
tion. The general recently honored the
memory of Lafayette by unfurling the
star spangled banner over his tomb.
The Frencn nearly as a whole honored
and loved the United States, and
Frenchmen were convinced that wher
ever the American people went there
were Implanted the seeds of trude and
of liberty.
The mtiplcal portion of tho pro
gramme was pretty equally balanced
between Frencn and American nation
al airs. The greatest success of the
day was Medame Annis Montague-
Turner's vigorous rendering of "The
Spangled Banner." Madame Ellen
Coursen-Roeckel went straight to the
hearts of every Frenchman with tho
"Marseillaise." A quartet from the
Tress Club sane 1 Glucken's march.
Though Mayor Pholan was unable to
attend, Mrs. Harrington, president of
the lied Cross Society, read a message
of congratulation from hinv In which
he warmly thanked the French peo
ple for the great services they had
rendered our soldiers. .
The scene was even livelier during
the evening, for speeches and song
gave way to fireworks and frolic. Ev
ery Inch of standing and sitting room
within the enclosure was occupied by
the crowd which came to gazo on the
splendid display of fireworks. There
were rockets and bombs of every de
scription, and some fine set pieces, in
cluding one picturing the humane work
of a Red Cross nurse on the field of
slaughter. The band of the lowa regi
ment played during the earlier part of
the evening, and then the pavilion was
cleared for dancing 1 .
The committee expect to be able to
increase the funds of the Red Cross
Society by some $1500 as the result of
their successful fete.
Dan O'Connell clears up a Sausa
lito mystery, in next Sunday's CalL
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
y \^*-rs&^ %C Dr. Sanden Has a Grand
!r * <^05ilpTO \i Cure or AH Weakness
I M^^o V, \ ANOTHER MADE HAPPY.
I \^^«^^^^^ "/ Women suffer from pains so
I / - jnESft^r^^^sS S^^ 7 much that many look upon the
I (jsJ&fTiJjyS? s> v A ache in the ba«k, the pains along
l^Wai) Sr^ m the spine and on top of the head
Vl^^^'li" '' ' as a necessary element of their
- VO^^CavNv^ v*// belnpr. It is not so. These pains
vW^^J^*"^. // can be cure(^ by* toning up the
\i: W vt^ti^W Sl ■ -Zjf female organism. Nothing of this
"~ r< *^. . S? kind can exist if Dr. Sanden's
* B^^ Electric Belt is worn. Read this
SHE IS A DIFFERENT WOMAN.
, . " f . V v,-.- , .. • UKIAH. Cal., July 9, 1898,
DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I have worn your belt since the 4th of June. The
morning I first put it on my back was so lame I could hardly walk, and could not
lift a dipper of water without pain. In less than an hour after putting the Belt on
I could carry ': a bucket of water across the room without any pain. I swept the
house and_worked all day, and In three days from that time I did a two weeks' wash-
ing, working all day, and did not feel tired at night. That was the first time I was
able to do any washing since the Ist of January, but have worked every day since.
Before wearing your Belt I had not been able to run the machine or sew by hand,
but now I can run the machine and sew all day : without feeling tired. I sleep well
B«d am not a bit nervous, like I used to be. The Belt has done wonders for me, and
I tell all my friends about the good it has done me. I can gladly say that I am well
of all the complaints I had, which- were many, and wish I could persuade all )adlea
suffering as I was to get one of your Belts, for I am sure they will do all you claim.
I shall always feel thankful for the benefits I have received from your Belt. With
kind regards, MRS. D. E. PAXTON.
IT IS A GRAND REMEDY.
Women, do not suffer from weakness, pains ami nervousness, when :
you can be cured, and without' drugging your stomach. M ake a change
now You will live longer if you take less medicine. A mild, soothing
and invigorating warmth of electricity from Dr. Sanden's Belt will cure
you: Call or send for book free.
DR. A. T. SANDEN, * not in drug stores.
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, Ban Frtneiios. __ _. ;—l,!'^:; — I,!'^: „ v
Office hours. SA. M. to 8 P.M.: Sundays, | 8 nev^so'ld "in d^^stwi.
10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 2<MV4 no? hv traveling aiems- onl?
South Broadway; Portland Or.. 153 Washing- ' 'X <m? oMce " ** ent8 ' only
ton street: Denver. Col.. 93l Sixteenth strMt; at our ornce.
Dallas. Tex.. 286 Main street. * " ; — ~ T*
LEES CASTS
MANY LARGE
BOUQUETS
AH Directed His Way,
However.
TELLS OF WEBER'S MURDER
HE, HE SAYS. NO ONE ELSE, DE
SERVES ALL CREDIT.
"Worked TJp One of the Most Re
markable Cases That Ever
Occurred in This
State."
"Mr. Kovaiev was never brought In for
the murder of the Webers; he was brought
in for the San Jose highway robbery busi
ness, and he was only charged with the
murder of Mr. Weber after I had worked
up a very strong and one of the most re
markahle cases that ever occurred in this
State."
The above is a mild sample of many
brilliant bouquets Chief of Police Lees
hurled at himself yesterday, when on the
witness stand in l>ehalf of the State in the
action instituted by John J. O'Malley, as
assignee of "Wladislaw Zakrewskei, to re
cover $1000, the amount of the reward of •
fered by Governor Markham for the de
tection and conviction of the murderer of
H. L. Weber and his wife, Lizzie M. We
ber.
If the Chief fails to knit toother and
patch up the ragged ends of his fame and
incidentally prevent Zakrewskei, the aged
carpenter, from collecting the reward that
In justice belongs to him no one can seri
ously hold him to account. He is at pres
ent manifesting more life and spending
more ill-directed energy in an effort to
accomplish that purpose that the motive
seems to justify, but Lees hasn't much
time left to him and he must make hay
while the sun shines— patch up his fame,
or go down in history as a scintillating ex
emplification of the "false alarm."
His effort on the stand yesterday bore
all the ear marks of a studied recitation,
badly gotten up in the first place and
poorly learned. The Chief had quite a
struggle finding space, time and glowing
terms sufficient to portray the majestic
opinion he holds of himself, but he did
fairly well for one of his decaying mental
faculties. •
Leea was anxious to get on the stand
and he had no sooner reached the witness
chair than he began to tell his story,
coupled with several verbal bouquets and
as a iinis a tale of woe.
"I made the arrests in these cases my
self," he began.
This was a piece of information none
had looked for, but a surprise is always
refreshing, su none commented. Latei ,
however, when the Chief probably forgot
that he had made the statement that he
had arrested the criminal himself,- he vol- |
unteered the information that he was the
man who served the warrant on Kovalev
for the Weber murders several days after
Kovalev had been arrested. Later he dis
covered his mistake and said that Kovalev
had been originally jailed on suspicion of
having participated in the highway rob
bery of William Doteman of San Jose.
Lees, of course, accenting to his testi
mony, was the man whs' ferreted the pris
oner out and laid the hand of the law
upon him.
The forgetful witness then told how he
had "worked up the case" against
Kovalev, and how he had ordered two of
his famed satellites to go forth and bring
in four men, among them Kovalev and
Zakrewskei, the claimant for the reward,
all bping suspected of connection with
"the San Jose business."
When the Chief referred to the re
ward there was a melancholy discord in
his voice. He told an acquaintance that
the reward matter did not Interest him at
all. "I v.-as anxious to unearth this mat
ter in Sacramento," he said, "and the
matter of the reward, after the expenses
were paid out of it, did not interest me
at all."
This confession is interesting to all who
are in possesfon of the facts and remem
ber with smiles the last scramble the
head of the department made to collect
the reward he did not earn. Lees next
referred to his gront generosity in the in
terest of justice— how he had personally
paid the expenses of his detectives as
they prowled about the country in search
of clewß, and from this city to Sacramen
to several times during the trial. This
memory seemed to pain the Chief and
on that strain he continued. "The
Board of Examiner^ awarded me the
money. I sued for it in the Superior
Court. I was awarded the money. The
case went to the Supreme Coijrt, and
upon questions of law I was beaten."
Such is his story of how the award
slipped through his fingers, and now he
has joined the forces against the old car
penter to defeat it possible the man who
tried to— help him build a reputation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
>-*-0-*O-*-O-»-O-»-O-e-O-»-O-»-O-*-O-*O-»-0-» — ■♦■O-»-O-*-O-*-O-»-O-*-O-*-O-*O-*O-»-O-*-O-*-O-
Doors open at 8. We close at 6. '■
■ i
This is the first remnant day we have had this — we've got plenty
of nice short ends in wash goods and silk and woolen dress goods.
In fact after the heavy sales of the past four months there's odds ,
and ends in every department, and there's quarter-off remnants to-day. .
dress domestic
gOOdS Aisle No. 1. dep't. Aisle No. 3.
Several hundred remnants of colored _„._,.,__ + « of dainty DercaJea. or-
and black dress goods, colored and black reiTinantS handles deities and
Bilks-the after effects of a busy season- ; other of th) 9 Be ° son . a waah goods . About
a chance to make up skirts and shirt | remnants to pick and choose from.
waists. Were reduced before, and there ft
quarter off to-day.
Hhhnn* lace<? short lengths
1 IUUUIiOt latCOi flannelettes, sheetings, muslins. S»»
embroideries A (Table°B)? you m ou£ °Needn >e t 'larVTour purchaws ■
j home
Enough for the neck, the waist, the hair
or trim a few pieces of underlinen-hun- \ odds Olid dldS of draperltl,
dreda of remnants; & off marked prices; : OUOS allU CIIUo swisa, sllkollne.
clean and ireslu j curtain net. table oilcloths, shell til'
■ cloth; % off marked prices.
dress lining >
remnants aw© no. i, rear. - n with the
Tea— about a hundred of 'em at quarter * l * Wllll 111 C
off; here's where wise dressmakers will J qn n r\' Ar*-%r *
benefit— or you, if you coma early. UdWIl VJ Udy Aisle No. 4.
. . 60 dozen percale shirt waists In to-day.
Sililt^ We're proud of this lot. and they are all
OMIl ° made by white women (we won't buy
at !e<s« than or cell anything- made by Chinese). The
at icss man color ]me and slzeg are comp i et «; i^jp.
el it-t r»rkC"f ...» « them over early— lt will pay.
SKIT! COSL Aisle No. 4, rear. j gQ £entS
That's what it really amounts *
to. Here are five EMPIRE
SUITS of fine English serge, '
suitable for young misses' TAWrarVl — ft— W~t flfl
school suits, Jackets silk 1C W UI-a.-l\.lllll
lined, skirt percaline lined, C^t 00 I- n the /
velvet bound, sizes 34 to 36; <tEv 00 in lne
were $12 50 and $10; n0w.... tPO - / ,l na l,'Hon'+ Aisle No 4,
BICYCLE SUITS seven. ' ClOaK Ciep I. rear.
itiilTot Tegg'ing^^d^d }: To close out these few garments we
vided skirt, in English mix- have actually cut the price in halves and
8 0ld S< fo U r E si s We^ h 75 iSSTIIO^ CK.OO in some cases dee P er even than that
all one price to-day tptJ
— ETON WALKING JACKETS
c-l-ii»*t- u-'lictv (eighteen of them). In Ens- ,
dllll I Waialo lish serge. Jacket edged with
1_ . a Aisle No. fancy braid, skirt lined with
way below cost V«.S v^JX££ SS ••
(3 SELF-COLORED AND black and white; sizes 34 to
FAN C SILK SHIRT S3. There's three odd suits
WAISTS, In Ki-KI Bilk. In Eton, Blazer and Bolero
ißome solid blacks and navy effects, sizes 36 and 38; all <t<V" s
blues, polka dots, stripes, cut from $15 to tJJVF
plaids, overplaids and over- -.„_
checks. We have not all NEWI^DRT WALKING SUITS
sizes, but that's Just the rea- (Mven only), fly and double-
son that some $7 50, $5 and breasted box fronts of mixed
$3 76 and a few $3 50 silk CJQ- 75 1 homespun. jackets lined
waists now go for $2 76. *P-<M throughout with silk, skirts
The sizes are broken; it's busl- percaline lined and velvet
ness policy to close them out. bound; sizes 34 to 38. These
suits were $20, $16 50 and $16; Cift-OO
Lot No. 2 consists of 27 various m all now $10 tpivr
SILK WAISTS, no two
alike, most of them in dark WALKING SUITS (fifteen
printed foulard silk. If we only). In all-wool fancy
have your size you can get mixtures and checks, box-
as3 waist for $1 50. (Worth <£«.5O ; front jackets, with velvet «C£J-75
trying, Isn't it?) - «J>' ' collars €J>O
Mothers, here's children's suits t£*?°Z^ 1
can make 267 children happy. . Child's reefer jackets, empire jackets, Rus-
sian blouse jackets, child's capes and dresses, all ages from 4to 14. We
have reduced these garments from such prices as $4, $3, to 95c, and even "
as low as 65c. Not one of these garments could be made up (let alone the
" cost of cloth) for the reduced price w* sell them to-day
P(We are selling underwear just as low in price).
DOORS OPEN AT 8. CLOSE AT 6.
937=939=941-943=945=947 Market Street.
q-^-o-^-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o'*-o-*-o-*-o-* — ♦■o-*o+o-*o-»-o-*o-»-o-*-o-»-o-»-o-*-o-*-<
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SOSCCS GRANDS
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
"OUR CALIFORNIA EOT."
JAMES M. BROPHY
In a Grand Spectacular Production of ;
THE ROMANY RYE. 1
Directed by MR. FREDERICK PAULDINO. :
'Beautiful Gipsy Camp
Great Shipwreck **—' V.-'JUXN J— '•
Evening Prices 25c and 50c
Family Circle and Gallery 10c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-MOUSE.
Ur».Ernestln» Kieltng, Proprietor and Manager.
LAST NIGHTS.
Yon Suppe's Martial Opera,
FATINITZA !
Superbly Cast! Correctly Costumed; Elegantly
Mounted!
NEXT WEEK,
Planquette's Masterpiece,
"THIS BELLS OF CORNEVILLB."
Popular Price* 250 and 600
" No Telephone.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LOOK AT THE BROWNIES! „
They're funny, and so is the
FRAWLEY CO^\F»MN>"S
Production of the great comedy success,
"LOST — 24 HOURS."
All this week— Matinee Saturday.
Next Monday— charming comedy "LIB- .
ERTY HALL."
AT fl I\7J\D SEATS BY PHONE
ALL/AZ^AK. Main 254.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
150. 25c, 85c.
Every Night, Including Sunday,
LEWIS MORRISON
SPECTACULAR,
"FAUST I"
THE PLUMPEST OF THE PLUMP!
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
AT THE CHUTES
Every Afternoon and Evening.
COLBY AND WAT, GEORGE H. DIAMOND
and a Great Vaudeville Bill In the
Free Theater.
* Attractions All Over the Grounds. ■
100, Including . Zoo and Theater; Children, sc.
DASHES-QUICK ACTION-NO DELAYS
RACES! |||S£# RACES!
TROTTING HORSE BREEDERS* ASSOCIA-
TION, OAKLAND.
June 25th to July 1 23d Inclusive.
EVERY* WEEK DAY.
BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLS.
ADMISSION FREE.
(Ladles free to grand stand. 60c admits gen-
tlemen to grand stand, betting ring and pad-
dock.) . .
Races Commence at 2 :0" Clock.
Trains connecting with the 12, 1:30 and i j
o'clock boats stop at the track. ■ ' '
AT VMPI A Corner of Mason and EdOy Streets.
lull A More New Eastern Stars. Ordway I
& Rand, Thrilling Bicyclists; Quazina, the ;
Male La Lole Fuller; Tom Ryan, ''The Mad
Musician"; Murray & Reynolds; Reynolds;
Royce Sisters; Rockwell. Admission Free.
Matinee Sunday. - 'V '
•a-HUSEMENTS.
JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR,
"The Quiet Mr. Gay"; BERT COOT AND
JULIE KINGSLEY, "Supper For Two":
FLEURETTE. Charming Danseuse; MRS.
ALICE SHAW AND DAUGHTERS, Whistling
Prima Donnas: CHAS. WAYNE, Eccentrla
Comedien; ANNA CALDWELL, Comedienne;
JONES. GRANT AND JONES, Colored Trio;
FALKE AND LEMON, . new act.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, EOc.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Oppn Dally from 7a. m. until 11 p. w. -
ADMISSION 100 - - - - CHILDREN So
Both.nß. with admission. 25c; children. 39a.
TOE
WEEKLY
CJqLL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of th#
J News of the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
io) ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY"
©/ PAPER ON TUB
~J PACIFIC COAST
5 The Best X / Mining
°] Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ ** Accurate
crt The Coast / up to date
ol / \- __
hi Not a Line of it Sensational
q) or Faky, and Not a Line of
*J it Dry or Uninteresting.
H T 11'
2 Bright. Clean, I A Champion at
Thoughtful. Truth.
1 1 ii N
oc A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
-J A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
3 ALL THE TIME.
SIT ADVOCATES 1 SENT BT ,
rJ IT AOVOCATtS SENT BT
°S HOME MAIL, SUM
©( INDUSTRIES 1 A YEAR.
T3T>TTOIII7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
15 »l. U 11 J-iO ers. bootblacks, bath-
_*-TV- «-» WIIUW houses, b;lliard-tabl*«,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera.
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
harpers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofera. tanners, tailor*, eta.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
i Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
\M. X. HESS,
I ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Koom 1015, Claus Spreckel* Bids.
Telephone Brown : ML .
Residence. 821 California atre«t. b*lvm
1 Powell. Ban Fr&adsco.
78
BARBER FOR GOVERNOR GENERAL OF HAWAII
Regulars Embark— Ships in the Stream Ready to
Sail To-day-New York Regiment Goes
to the Presidio.
IT has been practically decided to
appoint Colonel T. 11. Barber of the
First New York Regiment Military
Governor of the Hawaiian Islands.
The appointment, however, will be
only temporary, for Colonel Harber was
yesterday assured that the First will go
to the Philippines as soon as it is pos
sible for the War Department to relieve
them of garrison duty at Honolulu.
I,at« yesterday afternoon Colonel
Barber received a number of telegrams
from Washington. After toying with
the wires for a few moments the col
onel went out to Camp Merritt. He
v.rs In the best of humor. Approach-
Ing Lieutenant Colonel Stacpole he
Batd. "Colonel, we may yet go to the
Philippines." When asked for an ex
planatio.i Colonel Harber stated that
he had received assurances from Wash
ington that the First New York Volun
teers would not be compelled to perma
nently remain on garrison duty at Hon
olulu.
"I have been assured," he said, "that
my regiment will ultimately go to Ma
nila, Six companies will leave here on
transports for Honolulu about July 30.
Th* remaining six companies will start
for the islands August 12. Our stay
there I believe will be only temporary.
As soon as it is convenient to send re
inforcements we will go to the Philip
pines."
"When asked if his duties would be
more than military Colonel Barber
said: "I understand that 1 am to be
practically the Military Governor of the
islands until such time as a suitable
government can be established on a
permanent baMS. So far as 1 can see
my position will be something like that
of General Merritt, only, of course, on
a smaller scale. I will in all likelihood
have considerable civil as well as mili
tary duty to perform."
The news of the favorable chances
of the First going to Manila has creat
ed the greatest enthusiasm among the
officers and men.
When the First New York Volunteers
left th'-ir native State it was with the ;
assurance that their destination was
the Philippine islands. Before leaving |
San Francisco Major General Wesley j
Merritt sent a personal request to
President McKirtfey to have the First ;
New Y<>rk Volunteers assigned to ac- ;
tive duty in the Department of the Pa- .
cine, of which he is commander. Col- I
onel Barber and General Merritt are
old friends. The request of General
Merritt to have the First New York as- i
elgn-d to his command was immediate- !
ly granted, and when the regiment
wheeled out of Jersey City a week ago
yesterday it was understood their des
tination was Manila.
Colonel Barber had received assurances
from the administration that the m<-n
under his command would go to the
Philippines just a-s soon as the department
quartermaster here was able to charter
the necessary transports. It was under
stood that h*e could not go with the ex- i
pedltion that embarked yesterday, owing
to the uncertainty of the time of trans
portation across the continent.
Last Friday afternoon word was re- '
reived on the train that the adjutant gen
era! had assigned the First New "^ork
Volunteers to garrison duty at Honolulu. ;
Colonel Barber is too good a soldier to ;
take Issue with his Buperior officers. He j
made no complaint whatever at the sud
den turn of affairs. The enlisted men
were quite heartbroken. Practically every
man in the regiment had given up a good
position in hopes of Beeing active service.
The nearest approach to actual warfare
that could be hoped for in the Hawaiian
Islands would be tho regulation garrison
drill.
On his arrival here Wednesday after
noon Colonel Barber received a number
of personal telegrams from Washington
nnd New York. He refused to make pub
lic the nature of their contents. When the
ramp site of the New York Volunteers
at the old Bay District ra-cetraek was des
ignated to him he openly manifested his
displeasure. The place is one stretch of
dry sand, mixed with debris ;md decayed
matter. He immediately called the atten
tion of Surgeon Davis to the condition of
the site, and after a brief examination
the doctor stated that a permanent en
campment at the place allotted to the
First New York would be a menace to the
health of the men.
Yesterday morning Colonel Harber
called on General Otis at his headquarters
in the Phelan building and laid the matter
before him. The regiment had already
pitched its conical tents in the miniature
riesert, and, notwithstanding the great In
convenience that would result in the
breaking tip of the ramp. Colonel Barber
requested General Otis to permit his regi
ment to move their tents to the Presidio
reservation. General Otis granted the re
quest and this morning at sunrise the
First ' New York will br.-nk camp at the
old Bay District track and reopen house
nt the Government reservation
Army officers speak of the First New
York as "volunteer regulars." It was the
first and in fact, the only regiment that
left New York or any other Eastern State
fully equipped for service. The only draw
hack in the equippage is the antique rifles
•with which the men have been supplied.
Like all of the volunteer regiments, the
First New York is armed with Springfield
rifles which long ago outlived tlx-ir use
fulness, so far as modern warfare is con
cerned. They are only effective at short
range, and other things being equal,
would be no match for the Mauser rifles
with which the Spanish and all European
soldiers are armed, or the Crag-Jorgenson
which is now the regulation weapon of
the United States army.
Just before being appointed to active
field service Brigadier General Royal T.
Frank, commander of the Department of
the East, the most Important military
command of the United Statin, after an
official inspection of the First New York
Volunteer?, prodalme^nhem the equal of
any regiment of regulars In the service.
There is more wealth and Influence rep
resented by the First New York Volun-,
tpern than by any other regimental body
of troops In the service. Among the pri
vates are ycinns of the wealthiest New
York families. Many of them are men of
pronounced social cast and belong to tho
ultra-fashioniible or "smart set" of the
metropolis. Colonel T. 11. Barber Is on
of tin: wealthiest men in the State of New
York. He lives during part of the year at
Albany, the State capltol, where his In
terests are very great. Lieutenant Colo
nel H. C. Stacpole has bef n for thirty-one
years in the adjutant general's office of
the State.
Major Robert Emmet Is nlso a man of
preat wealth. He has a splendid estate at
Port Cluster. Just outside the city limits
of Greater New York. For fifteen years
he was in the regular army rind when he
threw nn his commission was a captain
In the Ninth Cavalry. He is the great
grandnephew of Robert Emmet, one of
the most picturesque heroes in Irish his
tory. Major Emmet bears a striking re
semblance to his illustrous ancestors.
Lieutenant Brownson Wlnthrop, quar
termaster of the regiment, Is a member of
the famous Wlnthrop family, one of the
most pronounced social factors in New
York. Ho Ib an associate of Ellhu Root,
the New York attorney. Previous to en
listing. Lieutenant Winthron never did
anything, aside from his legal duties,
more fatiguing than to lead a german or
see that a lady was properly served with
Ices during a function of the "400." But
he wanted to be soldier, and since he has
bpen a quartermaster, has done every
thing from an official inspection of pick
handles to counting the cannon balls on
Governors Island.
Captain Frank R. Palmer, Company A,
Is the son of Albany's leading banker.
Dr. L. T. Griffiths, the assistant surgeon,
is the son of Judge Griffiths of Troy, who
wields more Influence over Governor
Black than does ex-Senator T. C. Platt,
the admitted Republican leader of the
Empire State.
Lieutenant James Smith of Company
D Is a prominent physician of Albany,
and Lieutenant Clarence Stevell, the ad
jutant, is a well-known llgure in New
York society.
But In the First New York social eclat
and financial atlluence are not confined
to the commissioned officers. Among the
privates there are many influential citi
zens of New York.
Corporal Amos Potter is the son of the
late Brownson Potter, banker. and
nephew of Bishop Potter. He is a young
man with a decided appreciation and love
of the humors of life. As soon as he en
listed he bought a bear as a mascot for
Company A. Thinking that beef and such
was not equal to the task of nourishing
the beast, he purchased a large supply
of honey with which to feed the bear.
After one application the mascot went
Into a state of unconsciousness for twen
ty-four hours. Corporal Potter amuses
himself by buying 50-cent cigars for his
brother privates and "various brands of
champagne for the non-commissioned of
ficers.
Another luminary In tho ranks of the
First New York Is Corporal Will L. Mar
tin of Company H. lie Is a nephew of
Bradley Martin, whose costume ball in
New York a couple of years ago created
the greatest social sensation in recent
years.
John Grant, another private of the New
York Volunteers, is a State Senator of
the Empire State. With a number of
men In his regiment lie was offered and
refused commissions in other regiments
destined to the fate of home guard duty.
The officers and men of the First New
York were gratified yesterday morning
over the public reception and breakfast
tendered them by former residents of the
Empire State at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
It was beyond Question one of the most
successful demonstrations in honor of the
volunteers that has been given in this :
country since the declaration of hostili
ties.
Some one asked Colonel Barber why the
Government went to the expense of trans
porting his regiment away across the con- j
tlnent to sail for Manila when a regiment j
could have been obtained near San Fran
cisco. Colonel Barber thought a moment
and then related a story which, he sain, |
had never been told before. He said that
while the regiment was in camp at Hemp
stead General Merritt. then commanding
the Department of the East, visited the :
camp. He inspected the regiment, saw it
drill, noticed the discipline, and then said
to Colonel Barber:
"Barber, I'm a little particular about ]
the troops I take to Manila, but that n-gi
ment will do me. 1 want It there and am
Ruing to ask the department for It."
The request was almost immediately
sent in and was granted.
GOING TO HONOLULU.
Johnson-Locke Company Has
Contracted to Transport the
New York Regiment.
Unless the order is revoked, the First
Regiment of New York Volunteers will
be sent to Honolulu to garrison the post
that is to be established there by Major
General Otis on his way to Manila. The
question of transportation has been
troubling the military authorities until j
yesterday, when a contract was closed
with the Johnson-Locke Mercantile Com- j
pany by which that firm agrees to carry
the New Yorkers to Honolulu for a stip
ulated Bum per man, the food to be in
cluded. What the price Is has not be-n
n^ad.' public. Under the contract the
Johnson-Locke Mercantile Company is to ;
transport half the New York Regiment to I
Honolulu before the end of th>- present
month and the other half before Au- }
gust 10.
THE PASSING REGIMENTS.
Regulars March Through the
City to Embark — Volunteer
Battalions Arrive.
Again the streets of San Francisco havo
presented a warlike panorama of boy.'- la
blue marching away to war. Again tho
tramp of many feet, the passing of long
columns of soldiers and the stirring
strains of martial music have quickened
the pulse and strengthened the loyalty of
thosa who remain at home. Tho scenes
upon the streets of the city yesterday
were such as caused an Inspiration in the
hearts of those that witnessed them such
as cannot be forgotten or obliterated in
the years to come.
The troops composing the fourth expe
dition to Manila have gone aboard their
transports, and, should no orders to the
contrary be given, to-day they will sail
through the Golden Gate and over the sea
to accept with soldierly fortitude and
bravery whatever fate awaits them in the
foreign clime where they go to defend the
: honor of the national flag. In a way, yes
terday's scenes were unique in the history
lof the city. Every branch of the regular
\ service was represented by the departing
; troops— something that has not occurred
i with any of the former expeditions that
have left here— while, at the name time that
the fourth expedition forces were march
ing to their transports another body of
soldiers, the flower and pride of the lore
1 most State in the L'nlon. came marching
into the city to take the place of those
that have gone and to await their turn
, to go to the far Orient.
In consonance with former demonstra
: lions upon such occasions, the citizens of
San Francisco turned out in generous
numbers to give the parting troops a royal
send-off and to wish them bon voyage and
godspeed on their journey. At an early
hour the crowd began to gather on Mar
! ket street and along Golden Gate aveirtrj
' and Post street. They hud not long to
wait, for at 8 o'clock Companies A, B, L),
I, X and L of the First New York Kegl
1 ment, which had remained at Oakland
\ over night, landed at the ferry, under the
■ oommand of Lieutenant Colonel Stacpole,
where they were met by the band of tho
! First Tennessee Regiment and escorted to
ith Mechanics' Pavilion. There they were
: given a reception by the committee of
New York citizens and also a hearty
; breakfast. The New York boys were ac
i corded a royal ovation as they marched
up Market street, and they presented a
magnificent appearance. At the Pavilion
I they were joined by the other two de
tachments of the regiment that came over
:on Wednesday. This detachment consist
ed of Companies C, K. F, G, H and M,
under the command of Colonel Barber,
and they were escorted from Camp Mer
ritt by the band of the Seventh California
Regiment. After the reception at the
Pavilion the regiment as a whole marched
back to camp.
The live companies of the Fourteenth
Infantry, under the command of Major
Robe, received a grand ovation along the
entire line of their march to their trans-
I port, the Puebla. which was at the Pacl
1 nes Mail dock. The companies formed a
battalion, and they wore their brown can
, vas uniforms, which lent a certain rough
; and rugged dignity to the men. They
i looked as if they were ready for work
j and war alike, and they mnrched with
i the precision of regulars. From the camp
! they came down Post street to Market,
i and were immediately followed by the re
cruits of the Twenty-third Infantry, un
der the command of Lieutenant Munton.
|As tha men pa»sed by the Red Cross
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1898.
quarters on Post street, between Kearny
and Market, they gave a rousing cheer
for the noble women who have done so
much for them, und there was an un
spoken volume of gratitude In the way
those soldiers gave that cheer. The de
tachment of the Third I'nlted States Ar
tllley, under Second Lieutenant Aber
nethy, proceeded down Golden Gate ave
nue to Sixth street and thence down Fol
som street to the wharf.
The chief and greatest event of the day
was the departure of the six troops of the
Fourth Cavalry, under the command of
Colonel K>'llogg. The people of San
Francisco have a warm spot In their
hearts for the Fourth, for in the many
years that it has been stationed here at
the Presidio officers and men alike have
endeared themselves to the residents, and
more than one among those who marched
h.i bravely through the streets claim the
Golden State as their homo.
It was not iiuite 10 o'clock when the
troops turned Into Van Ness avenue. As
the troops turned Into the avenue there
was a roll of the drum, a crash of the
cymbal and in an instant a blare of the
horns playing a lively two-step. The
crowd caught the yplrit of the moment
and cheers for the Fourth, good-by and
God bless you came from the throats of
the thousands that lined the pavements.
At Golden Gate avenue the platoon for
mation was reduced to a troop column
of fours, and on down between the long
line of surging nnd narrowing humanity
the cavalrymen marched. A veritable
wave of cheers that drowned the music of
the band swept in advance of the men
like some mighty avalanche of sound. It
was deafening. Inspiring and wonderful.
Flags were waxed from windows, women
fluttered their handkerchiefs wet with
their tears, while stern men threw their
lints into the air and wondered why their
eyes were moist and why they spoke with
a hußklness in their voices.
Along Market street the demonstration
was even more pronounced, and when
Third street was reached the crowd was
so great that it was with the greatest dif
ficulty that the men were able to force
their way between the sea of people anx
ious to render their mite of homage and
eager to catch a last glimpse. Thus the
Fourth psssed through the streets of San
Francisco followed by the cheers and
prayers of the restless multitude.
SCENES AT THE DOCK.
Shortly After the Troops Em
barked the Ships Swung In
to the Stream.
There were not as many people down
to the Pacific Mail and Oceanic com
panies' wharves when the regulars ar
rived as on former occasions, nor was
there quite as much enthusiasm. When
the soldiers marched on to the wharves
and were dismissed the work of putting
their belongings aboard was begun at
once. Some of the men tried to get out
of the shed In order to take a farewell
glass with th*-Ir friends, but when the
officers found out what was going on they
at once placed sentries to keep the sol
diers In check.
On the Mail dock a cordon of sentries
was placed, but the men managed to
elude them. A narrow passageway runs
along the outside of the shed and by it
the men passed to the upper part of the
wharf and thus out on Brannan street.
where they got the much-coveted drink.
At 3:30 p. m. all this was stopped by the
men being ordered aboard and at 4 p. m.
the transports Peru and City of Puebla
dropped into the stream. Both vessels
will remain under steam and will be
ready for a start any time to-day.
The transposed revenue cutter Grant
was also ordered to get ready to sail at
once under sealed orders, but yesterday
thf-se were countermanded und it will
now be a couple of days before she will
leave port.
The transport Rio de Janeiro finished
coaling yesterday and the Pennsylvania
will finish to-day. Both steamers will be
ready to sail for Manila the first of next
week. A double force of men are at
work on the ship Tacoma, but It will be
a fortnight before she can get away. She
will take forty-eight cavalrymen and 250
horses and six months' supplies down to
the Philippines.
In order to accommodate the. horses
stalls are being built on the upper deck
and also in the 'tween decks. An extra
donkey engine and condensers are being
put In and the water will be piped all
through the ship. A skilled "vet" will
accompany the expedition and Lieutenant
Cameron says that he Is confident the
horses will reach Manila In safety.
The steamer St. Paul, which Is to form
one of the next fleet, has not arrived yet
from St. Michael. She is due now at any
time, and as she will not require much
altering she should be ready almost as
soon as the Rio and Pennsylvania.
THE HARBOR MINES.
Major Heuer Says They Will
Not Be Blown Off Like a Lot
of Firecrackers.
No instructions have been received by
Major William H. Heuer, of the corps of
engineers, in charge of harbor mines, to
remove the mines in the bay of San Fran
cisco, and until he gets orders to act In
the matter, they will remain there.
"In case 1 am directed to remove theße
mines," said Major Heuer yesterday aft
ernoon, "I shall certainly not do so by ex-
Elodlng them, as they are too valuable to
c blown off like a lot of firecrackers. I
shall simply disconnect the electric ap
paratus at the shore, and grapple for the
mines, which will be stored away for an
other war. No recommendations have yet
been asked for from me, and until they
are called for I shall make none. What
my recommendations will be I decline to
THE FIFTH EXPEDITION.
First Montana and First South Dakota
Volunteers, Together With Recruits, Will
Comprise the Brigade.
Major General Otis yesterday Issued the following orders, designating the troops to sail, and their trans
ports, on the fifth expedition that will leave on the 21st lnst. :
8. The following designated troops of the command will be placed In readiness to embark for the Philippine Isl
ands on steamers hereinafter named by Thursday next, the 21st inst., and are assigned to transports as follows:
To the steamer Pennsylvania, the First Montana Volunteers and recruits of the First California
Volunteers.
To the steamer Rio Janeiro, two battalions of the First South Dakota Volunteers, recruits of the
First and Second Battalions of the Eighteenth United States Infantry, Signal Corps detachment, consist
ing of three officers and thirty men, and recruits of the Utah Light Artillery.
To the steamer St. Paul, one battalion South Dakota Volunteers, recruits of First Colorado Vol
unteers, recruits of Thirteenth Minnesota Volunteers and Signal Corps detachment, consisting of two
officers and twenty enlisted men.
Brigadier General H. G. Otis will accompany the expedition and will assume full command. He has not
yet selected the vessel upon which he will sail, but will report to the commanding general of Camp Merritt.
OLD WOODLAND COMPANY.
Thirty Comrades Rally to the Defense of
Private Dungan and Define
His Position.
To the Editor of The Call: In justice to our esteemed comrade and fel
low-citizen, Mr. Dungan, us well as to ourselves and the honor of the old
company, we would most respectfully deny each and every accusation which
has appeared over the signature of the "scabby eight." In the first place
It is a fact that several of those signatures would never have appeared or
Company M's roll If we had been allowed to take our oath of allegiance.
Only one of them ever was a member of Company F— Private Holt — and tc
prove the high esteem In which he was held by his comrades, he was, by a
two-thirds vote, dishonorably discharged from the service of the State; and
we think If his record in the United States Infantry is looked into by Lieu
tenant Colonel Carrlngton It will be found to be anything but creditable.
Some of tne other signatures belong to men who. to put It "light," belong
to the great "army of the unemployed," and have no residence here, and
are hardly the kind of people whose statement, not only besmirching an
Individual but a whole company, will be given much serious consideration by
those who know the facts.
Editor Dungan was one of our most enthusiastic volunteers. He never
In any way tried to influence our opinion, and seldom expressed his own. In
presenting our mascot to Company E, which he did after repeated calls had
been made on him, he referred to the seceders as the "measley eight,"
and in those two words He the whole feeling which has been expressed in
to-day's Call, In which they give vent to their personal feelings by trying
to vilify an honorable and patriotic man in discharging the duties which he
owes to his country and his flag. If we did not feel sure that In answering
these allegations we are discharging a duty we owe to Mr. Dungan, the
source from which they emanated would have kept us from paying any
attention to the biased opinion of eight men as against 100. But, no doubt,
they are only the tools of some of Budd's political machines. There never
was at any time any necessity of an agitator, as the unanimous verdict
of the company, without any agitating, was carried out, and upheld by our
citizens when we returned home.
Captain J. J. Ward Sergeant W. H. Haston
Lieutenant G. Marden Private W. G. Nelk
First Sergeant L. W. Hilliker Jr. G. W. Capelle
Private G. F. Windsor Sergeant F. A. Parker
Private J. C. Duncan Private J. T. Murphy
Private M. H. Bassett Private H. Herrigan
Private M. B. McDermett Private C. O. Dickson
Private J. O. Ogden Private C. Murphy
Private C. W. Weaver Sergeant Charles Parker
Private Charles Euler Private F. Johnson
Private George Brunner Private Fred Miller
Private W. A. Edwards Corporal C. Sovereign
Corporal J. A. Fortune Corporal B. Woods
Corporal F. E. McCutchen Musician Voorhees
Private Ed Feeney.
state. The mines can be all taken up at
a small cost."
ALL READY TO SAIL.
Major-General Otis and Staff
Will Go on Board the
Steamer Peru This
Morning.
The transport steamers Peru and
City of Puebla will start for Manila
to-day. Major General Otis and the
members of his staff will go on
board the Peru this morning. The
mail and tlnal orders will be re
ceived on that steamer at 1 o'clock
in the afternoon, and the two ves
sels will yail soon after — probably
about 2 o'clock.
At Honolulu, where they will re
main for some time, they will be
joined by the Pensylvanla, the City
of Rio Janeiro ajid the St. Paul,
which will sail from San Francisco
on or about the 21st. The fleet of
five vessel.? will continue their jour
ney to Manila in company from
Honolulu.
The troops to sail on the Pennsyl
vania, P.lo Janeiro and St. Paul will
be In command of Brigadier Gen
eral Harrison Gray Otis, the fol
lowing being the official order:
Headquarters Independent Divis
ion, Kighth Army Corps.
SAN FRANCISCO, July 14, IS9S.
Special Orders No. 42.
3. Brigadier General Harrison
Gray Otis, United States Volun
teers, will accompany and assume
command of the troops directed to
embark on the steamers Pennsyl
vania, Rio Janeiro and St. Paul.
He will select the vessel upon which
he, with his staff, will sail, and will
report to the commander general.
Camp Merritt, for instructions. By
order of
MAJOR GENERAL OTIS.
THOMAS H. BARRY,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Colonel C. \V. Whipple, chief ord
nance officer, United Statea Volun
teers, and Major George Ruhlen,
chief quartermaster, United States
Volunteers, will accompany the
troops to sail on the 21st, and will
report to Commanding General Otis
en route.
Captain S. B. Bootes, commissary
of subsistence at Camp Merritt, has
been ordered to sail to-day on the
City of Puebla.
The gunboat Bennlngton hove up
her anchor at 3:30 p. m. yesterday
and went to sea. Lieutenant Com
mander Moser was the only man
aboard who knew her destination,
and he would not tell. All the offi
cers were In Ignorance of her des
tination, but many of them seemed
to think that she waa going to
Alaska to relieve the Wheeling,
which has been more than her limit
of time in that station. When the
gunboat got outside she was head
ed northwest, and while that would
be her course for Alaskan waters,
it would also be the great circle
route for the Ladrones and Philip
pines. Every man Jack on the war
ship was hoping that the latter
place la her destination.
NEW YORK BREAKFAST.
The First Regiment of New York Volun
teers, which arrived in San Francisco In
two flections, several hours part, had a
rousing reunion and royal reception yes
terday morning at the Mechanics' Pavil
ion. Companies A, B, C, D, E and V
reached the city early yesterday morning,
and upon Invitation of a committee of
native New Yorkers, marched to the Pa
vilion, where they found awaiting them
the other companies of the regiment
which had preceded them the night be
fore.
The committee had prepared fro them a
substantial and inviting breakfast, which
was spread upon fourteen lone tables. The
attendants upon the tables were nearly
all native New York ladies, luid were un
der th«- direction of Mrs. Klnne, wife of
Colonel C. Mason Klnne.
After listening to a brief but most en
joyable concert by the bands of the First
Tennessee and the Seventh California
Regiments, the New York Volunteers took
seats at the tables, and were soon doing
ample Justice to the menu, which Included
chicken fricassee with new potatoes,
prime foast beef with green peas, bread
and butter, olives, cheese. ice-cream
strawberries and cream, fruit and coffee
After breakfast all forrnalties were dis
pensed with, and "a Jolly good time" fol
lowed. There was no speech making but
round after round of cheers waa given to
the ladies of the city of San Francisco,
the State of California, the Empire State
—New \ork. Uncle Sam, General Barnes
and a host of others, after which the New
Workers fell Into line and marched to
Camp Merrltt.
FOURTH U. V CAVALRY.
Embarkation of the Gallant Six
Hundred Troopers of Colonel
Kellogg's Command.
It would be difficult to find in the
Tinted States regular army a finer body
of men than the cavalry comand of Col
onel Sanford C. Kellogg. The command,
which Is now on board the steamer Peru
to sail for Manila to-day, consists of six
troops of the Fourth Cavalry Regiment,
and Is largely composed of recruits from
California and the Pacific Coast generally.
Neatly all are young men of eminently
respectable families, in perfect health and
In every way well fitted for military
service. Ever since recruiting began for
this regiment the greatest care has been
taken to select from the large number of
applicants only the best men, both as to
physical qualities and intelligence com
bined with moral character. The fact
that there has not been found a drunken
man in the command is a record reflecting
credit not only upon the organization but
upon the recruiting officers for the ef
llcient manner in which they have per
formed their duty. It ia gratifying to
know that great watchfulness is now ex
ercised In the enlistment of recruits in the
regular army, which In recent years has
been brought up to a very high standard
in every respect. An evidence of this is
the excellent behavior of the regular
troops that have recently been concen
trated in San Francisco.
It was at 8 o'clock yesterday morning
that the signal to strike tents way
sounded at the Presidio for Colonel Kel
logg's command. They all came down
with a rush, everything moving like clock
work. The sudden collapse of the tented
city was an interesting sight, and was
witnessed by a large number of specta
tors, many of whom had come to the Pre
sidio to bid good-by to relatives and
friends in the ranks.
As usual upon such occasions there were
many fond and touching farewells. God
bless-yous, and au revolrs, sandwiched
now and then with a copious flow of
tears.
At 9 o'clock the assembly was sounded
and the line was formed with its right
resting at the old Light Battery barracks
on the old parade ground facing west. The
formation of the line, composed of Troops
G, X, I, E, Li and C, in the order named,
occupied but a few minutes the evolution
being performed promptly and with great
precision.
Formed in four platoons of five eotß of
fours each, the column of the six troops
was given the command to march, and
upon reaching the roadway, swung in be
hind the regimental band and Troop B,
which had been detailed to act aa an es
cort. The twenty-two members of the
band, under the leadership of Bandmaster
Littleton, were mounted on fine white
horses of uniform size, and the members
of Troop B, in command of Lieutenant
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
♦o*o^o*o^o*o>o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o>o^o>o 0 +
I rnTuunranfl Days Only 919 1
? Clothiers, Hatters and ' m a ♦
O Furnishers, #■■.■! Jftl J #P*
I 924 market street 930 ILI Friday anil Saturday U *
O >— 7- SPECIAL BARGAINS FR*y*l THE GREATEST MONEY' my O
♦ / RAISING SALE IN THE HISTORY OF MODERN RETAILING. £ ♦
I $100,000 CASH-RAISING SALE NOW ON ! X
; _<-*">*-* We've arranged to sell these two *£^*^*-v ♦
o /0 0K days— Friday and Saturday- seven {g^NCv ♦
♦ /4@ great articles picked from the hun- X ♦
° /aWjP^ dreds of other inducements shown °
♦ frr^^ in our great stores during this sue- TSSSSa&F ♦
4 cessful sale. We ask you to look °
o in our windows as you pass. See the values and then judge which o
♦ house in 'Frisco is underselling all competition, and note that ♦
° the "Baldwin" has "lower prices, the power that rules the world, o
° ~ o
o 500 Men's and Young Men's o
£ Cheviot, Tweed and Cassimere £t^O OC *
♦ Sack Suits— slO value, but Friday JK-K r*!r% ♦
% and Saturday C|/<JUC-JC/ o
o_ _ $
9 Boys' Suits — little boys' garments o
o for school wear — a collection of ft} A C^ CT o
♦ $2.50 and $3.00 garments— for Fri- Jj^ J /iV\ o
% day and Saturday l^%hmk\J ♦
♦ _ ♦
♦ Men durable and serviceable Trou- ♦
? sers — very sightly materials in stripes, CT -^ %
0 both dark and light color— worth $2.00 / -£\l* o
% —for Friday and Saturday ■ \J\J %
1 . : , . ♦„
? Men's BOc Golf and Stanley Shirts— iK ♦
% all new spring patterns — very desirable I j£\{^ 2
0 — only for Friday and Saturday AY/v o
♦ — — — — o
J Men's and Boys' Golf Caps— all-wool Af\ %
o material — the best value from our hat I I J|^ ♦
o dep't— for Friday and Saturday 0n1y... AVV J
♦. . ♦
o o
♦ Children's Waists — all sizes — worth AY? ♦
% BOc — best waist in the city — hand- I lr}f* %
o some patterns **\J\J o
o• " o
J Over 250 pairs Boys' Short Pants— ♦
♦ all sizes — all colors — worth 35c to BOc A T^ ♦
% pair elsewhere — for Friday and Satur- \ j£\{^ °
% day only '. JL%*J\J o
o === ===============================^^ o
6 REMEMBER x o
♦ THIS SALE IS FOR 2 DAYS ONLY— THIS FRIDAY AND £
4 SATURDAY— NONE SOLD BEFORE— NONE AFTER. +
Ithe raldwinJ
♦ ♦
T T
0 o
♦ "ALWAYS THE CHEAPEST" *
i Clothiers, Hatters and Furnishers, ?
1 924-930 MARKET STREET. I
* + ♦o*-o*-o+o+o^o+ «-o^o^o^o^o^ ♦
Neall. rode handsome bays, all the ani
mals being as perfectly drilled as the sol
diers. Colonel Kellogg and his staff, all
riding high-spirited but graceful steppers,
were at the head of the command.
The column, keeping step to the martial
and inspiriting music, followed the wind
ing road to the gate of The Presidio, be
ing heartily cheered by the battalion of
the Second Regiment of the United States
Volunteer Engineers and by the artillery
battrries remaining at Camp Miller,
these organizations having been drawn
up in line along the roadside to give the
boys an enthusiastic farewell sendoff.
No body of troops ever presented a liner
military appearance than Colonel Kel
lcgg's command of six hundred cavalry
men as It left the Presidio and marched
down Lombard street to Van Ness avenue,
and thence to the Pacific Mail dock. The
admiring crowds along the line of march
were most generous in their cheers, and
it was with evident pride and satisfac
tion that Colonel Kellogg occasionally
turned in his saddle and looked back at
his gallant and well-trained little army
as it passed through the throngs on Mar
ket street.
THE KANSAS CAMP.
Location Condemned by the
Regimental Surgeon — Trans
fer to the Presidio Desired.
Surgeon Major Rafter, regimental sur
geon of the Twentieth Kansas, has con
demned the location of the Kansas camp
and asks that the command be moved to
some locution less Inimical to general
health.
For a week past Surgeon Rafter has
been making careful and thorough inves
tigation into the sanitary condition of the
camp. The men have occupied the same
space for over seven weeks, a longer
period than regular army authorities con
sider safe. The lot is lined on the east by
a row of covered and uncovered sinks, trie
water and refuse from company kitchens
of necessity lies and festers under the
nostrils of the whole command. Tne
formation of the lot is such that as much
of this disease-breeding muck as the
spungy sand can absorb drains down into
the center of the camp. Surgeon Rafter
says that the whole place is little better
than one bier "germ culture."
This opinion, coupled with a recom
mendation to move the camp, he has put
into vigorous English and has addressed
it to Colonel Funston and the colonel has
started It through the regular channels
toward the head of the department.
It is the desire of the entire command
that they be transferred to the Presidio,
as the rapidly increasing sick list is
alarming them all lest a serious epidemic
break out.
SIXTH ARTILLERY.
Batteries D and G, in Command
of Major Grugan, Go on
Board the Peru.
Light Batteries D and O of the Sixth
Artillery left Camp Miller at the Presidio
at 9 oclock yesterday morning and rode
in the Union-street cable-cars down to
Montgomery street, where they formed in
line and marched to the Pacific Mail dock,
there embarking on the Peru. Battery
P'b officers are Captain A. B. Dyer,
Lieutenants Hawthorne, Fleming and
Scott. The officers of Battery G are Cap
tain V. H. Brldgman. Lieutenants
Ostheim, E. D. Pearce and F. A. Pearce.
The former has 129 men and the latter 146.
The battalion is In command of Major F.
C. Grugan, under whose direction the
men will give a good account of them
selves, as he 1b a thorough soldier. Dr.
Clarence Qulnan is the surgeon of the
command.
FOUND A BAD MAN.
Private Miller of Montana Sent
to Alcatraz for a Term of
Two Years.
George W. Miller, a private of Com
pany L, First Montana, escaped from the
guardhouse on Friday night last and bar
ricaded himself against the officer of the
guard and a squad of men in the bath
room of a saloon just across from the
camp on Point Lobos avenue. With the
assistance of the keeper of the place he
succeeded In holding off the guard until
the door was broken down and until by a
well directed blow from the officer of the
guard he was knocked into a bathtub.
He quickly gained his feet and aa
. saulted his superior in a murderous man-
I ner. and it was with a great deal of diffi
culty that he was finally overcome.
Miller was up before the general court
martial on Monday on charges of as
saulting an officer and general insubor
dination. His trial developed that he was
| the worst character in the regiment, hav
ing been in the guardhouse nearly every
day since his enlistment. He was sen-
I tenced to two years at hard labor at Al
! catraz and to forfeit all pay and allow-
I ances. He was escorted to the island last
I evening by a squad of men from his reel-
I ment.
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS.
Steamer Guards Detailed— Or-
ders Assigning Surgeon
Major Shiels to Duty.
The headquarters of Brigadier General
Marcus P. Miller .commander of Camp
Merritt, will be moved to-day from the
present location to the lot recently va
cated by Division Headquarters.
Special orders as follows, relating to
the guard of transports, were issued yes
terday : J
Headquarters Independent Division, Eighth
Army Corps. Camp Merritt
<!„ . I ?, AX F RANCISCO, Cal., July 14. 1898.
Special Orders No. 4.
, I— The commanding officer First Montana In
fantry, United States Volunteers, will select
from his command one non-commissioned officer
and six privates for the duty of guarding the
steamer Pennsylvania, said steamer having
been designated for the transportation of trooDa
to the Philippine Islands. v
This guard to report at steamer Pennsyl
vania on the morning of the lath Instant and
should be provided with six days' rations an, I
the necessary bedding.
The commanding officer First Montana Vol
unteers will Issue the following instructions to
the detachment selected to guard the steamer
Pennsylvania: «""=»:
. ■■The sentinels will be constantly kept on
duty, one on the ship and one at the gangway
This sentinel will not permit any person to
board the ship unless they are known to be
authorized members of the crew, or unless they
are provided with a pass from depot quarter
master. Major O. F. Long, or from these head
quarters. Intelligent non-commissioned officers
should be selected and informed that the ob
ject of their guard is to prevent any tamper
ing of the ships on the part of persona in Span
ish interest*. By command of
BRIGADIER GENERAL MILLER
SAMUEL W. BELFORD, Assistant Adjutant
General. United States Volunteers.
Private John Bartlett, Company F
Twentieth Kansas, who died on Wednes
day, of meningitis, will be buried at the
Presidio to-day, unless Colonel Funston
receives orders from the parents of the
man to send his remains home. Bartlptr
lived at Fort Scott.
Second Lieutenant P. S. Stacker First
Tennessee has been detailed for d'utv at
the Division Hospital by General Miller
and ordered to report to Major Owen
Brigade Surgeon George F. Shiels.' who
was assigned on Tuesday to the Second
Brigade, h;is been reassigned to the Third
Brigade, as will be seen by the following
order which was issued last evening from
division headquarters:
"In obedience to telegraphic instruction*
from the Adjutant General's office Wish
ington, D. <\. July 11. 1898, Major Geore*
F. Shiels. brigade surgeon, will report fn
person to Brigadier General Otis T' S v
for temporary duty with his staff ' H«
will accompany General Otis to the' Phil
ippine Islands, and he will report on ar
rival to Major General Merritt '•
The First Troop of rt.ih Cavnlrv
United States Volunteers, has beVn rll
lieved from duty with the Philim^ne ZZ~
petitionary forces and the Smandfne
officer will report to the comn an In*
general of the Department of c" lfforr"!
for instructions. lUIU)IT " a
Dr. George S. Becker geoloc-ist rvf *k~
Geological Survey, has 'bfen aligned tl
the steamer City of Puebla. tt^ lgnea t0
Soldiers' Benefit.
On Thursday evening: of next week an
entertainment will be given mrt»r it
auspices the Native Daughters' Red
Cross Aid to raise money tn «r,J» ;£
California soldiers at Manila rL to VV 1 ®
cipal feature will be the drill" of th. P « rln "
enth California Regiment iw Sev "
Some novel maneuvers win be i~»
and a quartet of officers will \ nL ro<3ucea ;
songs. The evening will h o £ Se 7!f a i
with dancing. Tho committee in *h ded
of which Mrs. Thoorlore l unstPrt, i= Cb f r ? e>
man and Miss Carrie Creieh L C i lair "
will meet to-morrow evenin^to comSeti
the arrangements. The Drtro nf ti P ii i e
for the entertainment "I 25 cents ticketa .
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North BeachADVEBTISEMENT".
Dotted Swiss Organdies,
Mash f:ibr!r<=. linen color ground, palm leaf
ti-^ip-Tis, width 2S inches; former price 15c.
Now 5c
Market-street Store Only.
No samples cut. «
DRESS GOODS SPECIAL!
Fancy Suitings, 12 different colorings, some
are all *» 001, some silk and wool mix-
tures, neat patterns. wl<ith 37 Inches, rem-
nant lengths, 2 to 12 yeards; former prices
were 50c and COc
Now at 25c.
CSUrkct-street Store Only.
No samples cut.
SUMMER SKIRTS.
Ladies Petticoats,
Ma.io of linen, color fancy crash. Just the
thine for summer wear, full width, corded
ruffle, trimmed; regular value $1 50.
Bargain Price
$1.00.
Both Stores.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 POST STREET and 1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
noutllkk.n i'ac'ific COMPACT.
IPAOIFIO bthtkm.)
Tr«ln< Ifiiif i«n<l an' tlu«< to nrrlic at
RAM I It %\< IS« O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
leavk — Fnou July 10, 1:08. — ARRIVE
"•0:OOa NllpsrSaiTjose and Wiit Stations ... »SV|"sa
7:00 Benieia, ."Suisuu mid Sacramento..., 10:43 a
7»00a MnrysTille, OroTilleaud Redding t1»
Woodland 5:45p
7:00 a Elmira, V»c«Tille and Rumaey »:45p
7:UOa Martinez, San Ramon Vaiiejo. Napa,
Cali^toga and Santa Uoaa 6:l»i'
•«i«Oa Atis. ti Kxpress, Qgtlen and Kast.. 8:45r '
m::{oa San Jose, Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone. Sacramento, M»r)nTille,
Chioo. TVhama and Bed IJlutr.... 4:!. 1 *!
•»::{©, Peten, Oakdale and Jaiai«wirn . . . . 7:1.1 i
*H:3Oa Milton •7:l.'»p ■
»:«»<»a New Orleans Kipress. Meroed. Kres- <t
no. Hakersliflil. Hanta U.irl>»ra. *
1 ■>» Angeles, Damiiig, Xl l'a«o.
New Oilcaii.4 and Ka«t 6«4-'»r i
1O:OO A ValleJ Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p ;
•l:OOr Sacramenti Itiver .SteHintrs •KsOllf '
.. Sail Jose, Nile* and Way Stations. . . :»: I sa
2:00p Livi'rmore, Meudota. Hanford and
VUalia 4lISi-
Ltjfrmorp, San Jose, Nilee and Way
■* Stations JlOil3a t
4:OOr Martlne*, San [Union. Vallejo,
N.»jM. ('aliatoga, Xl Veiauo aud
SKutiltosa ■«!»* i
4iO«r E.-i:. ii, VacaTlile, Woodland,
Ki.ighte Landing, Marysvllle, Oro-
rilie and Hacnuiienta ». lO:4^a i
4:3f>p Kites . San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7:13p I
4:30 Stockton and Lodi 18:I5p
1:30 1- Latbrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
v Jars, Santa liarbara and Los
Aiwelei 7i4^» ,
4:30p Martinez. Merced (Raymond for
Yosemite) and Frestio 12:13p ,
liilOr Sa»tn IV Kunte, Atlantic Kxprms
fur Mojare and Beat 6:4-T p
0.-OOp Knropean Mail, Ogden and Kant 9:45
•«:(lOr Vrllcjo ISiISp
flUMli- HiiywHr.l.. Kil<«an4 Han .lone 7:45 a
J7:Ooh Vallejo, Tort Costa and Way Sta-
tl .us i«: 41 p
8:OOp Ort-i; .1: Kz|iren.Baeniniento l Mar)».
»irie, l!f.iaii lk -. rortlaml, I'ngft
§ ■S Un.lK.it M.I A
SIS I.KA.M)i:<I AM) HA I WARDS 1,0(11..
(Foot ol Market Street.)
1 MelrciM-, 111 1 iinry I'nrk, f 7:13 a
*'»"* Kllflil.urjr, Klmfwrht, «»»:45a
nn S on» 'fciait l.*an.«ro.KouiJi Kan !V ! «*
,Vi:«2: Leandro.^tudillo, J»J«*
♦I2:O0m Lorenio. Cherry -j ,1,45,
i:i:»»f anil }2:i.-i
5:OOp HHjrr:iril». t3:43p
7:UOp i Runs through to Kllea. 7:43p
) t From Xileii [
COAST DIVISION i.NnrrotT <t«age).
(Foot of Market Street.)
27:45 a Santa i r a Excursion. Santa Crux
and Principal Way Stations }S«t)3p
8:I3a Newark, CEiitwilie, San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3i3op
•2:1 3p Newark. Centcrrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Fulton, llnulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *I0:5Oa
4:13p San Jose. Glenwood & Way Stations 0:20*
04:15p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz j'U:2Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN miOISCO— FMt 0' Htrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9::0 11:00 a.m. 11:03 »2:00 13:50
•1:00 tS:G3 »«.-00fJl.
from 01IUBD— Fool of Bra:.iwiT.— -6:00 8:00 Jo:OOa.u.
112:00 *I:03 12:00 *3:00 . ti:00 *5:O:p.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (iaugo), ~~
(Third and Townaetid Sts.)
" •7:OOa Han June hihl Way Sutinus (New
Alina<l<"n Wednesdays only) lt3or
J7:3oa Sunday Kiciu-Blon for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Gro?e and
Principal Way Stations }8:33p
9:00 a Han .lihiu. Tibs rimm. KHiita (.'in?,
I'uclllc (trove. l'aso lti'lilrs, San
Luis ()lite|in. Qnadalnpe, Surf and
I'i'inrl|ial Way StHtiuus 4>10i-
l«i4O» San .!. „. hihl Way Stations '»:»»»
llt:t<»A San Jose an<l Way Stations *Bi33a
•*i43rSan Mafo, Bedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara, Han .lone,
« ., 1 . ,y, Holllster, Santa Crux.
HmMhoji, Monterey and Pacific
(; rovn <IO:30a
•!«:no r Ran .lose and Way Stations '»:"»*
► •l:I.-Sr San .Tone ami Principal Way Stations 8:45*
•.■>:O«r SaaJoaeand Principal Way Stations 0:35 a
3:UOr San Jose ami Principal Way Stations s:3flp
•tXOr San Jose ami Way Stations 7:.'t«»r
(llt4Sr San JoioaiidWair Stations 7»:iOP
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
* Hnndays wrcenUti 1 Bundaya.only. * Saturdays only
/ Sundays ami Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, itoa. trains Will run as follow! :
South-bound. • North-bound.
Tai-sen- Mixed. Mixed, Passen-
ger. Bund* Bta- Sunday ger,
Daily. Exc'pted tlons. Exc'pted Daily.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 p m 5:40 p m
9:10 a m 12:60 p m Merced 12:60 p m 3:53 p m
10:40 am 3:50 p m Kr«-mio 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
11:25 am I 16 11 m Hanford J 7:45 am 1:25 pm
2:45 p m 11:50 p m H'k'rgfld [ 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 ptn T:DO p m ana | 6:40 a m|l2:C5 p m
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboatu of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 6
p. m. dally, at Merced with stages to and
from Fnellinßs, Coulterville, Vosemite, etc.;
also with stare from Hornltos. Maripo*a, etc ;
at l-ankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
iVla Suusalli., Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing May L
1898: \
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
Sundays— 9:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
2:20 p. m. !
July 4th. 1838, trains will run on Sunday tlma >
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOS. COOK A SON. Agents. 621 Market
street. San Franrlsco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy; give* health and
strength to the sexual organs. '
Black Silk Grenadines,
Figured designs, make up handsomely over
plain colors, width 21 inches; regular
value 60c.
Bargain Price
30c pep yapd.
'Both Stores.
Dress Silks,
Black Brocaded Silks, choice styles, excel-
lent quality, 21 Inches wide; 850 grade.
Special at
55c pep yapd.
Both Stores.
KID GLOVES.
Colombia Kid Gloves,
Two-clasp In all colors, every pair fitted and
guaranteed, the best glove ever ehown at
the price.
ONLY STORES WHERE THEY ARE TO
BE HAD.
Ladies' $1.00.
Misses' 85c.
We said
* it costs more to use Schil-
lings Best than other tea,
because you drink more."
No ; we forgot doctor bills.
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain! No Pay Until Cured)
75-page book sent free. S. R. Chamley. M. p.
17. THIRD ST.. Near .Market St.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
RAILROAD THAVEL. '
UN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Titar*o Farr*. f*«*t «f AUrk*t Sk
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, S;uO. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. fti.
SUNDAYS— 3:00, 8:30. 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 1:10.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 8:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between Kan Francisco and Schuetxen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect Ran Francisco.
1 • __ June 29,
Week I Sun- 189 S. Bun- j Week
pays. I days. Destination. | dayg. I Days.
7:30 anil 5:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pro| 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pro, 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
j T Fulton, ~
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Creyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am[ Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 ami Hopland and 10:25 am
t:S<) •i.' 8:00 amf Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 prn
7:30 ami j . 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
1 3:30 pm| 1 I 6:22 pm
: ;:£u am s:GO am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and r ' •
] 6:10 pm 5:00 pm_Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00~am| Sebastopol. 110:40 am 110:25 am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pmj | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
j Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
! Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
ferville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
I the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
i Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
■ Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
: SprlnKH; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
; Springs, lilue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
j Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's. River-
eld", Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights,
! Hullville, Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
I doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal. ... .
> Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
■ beyond San Rafael at half rates.
' Ticket O'fW*. K5O Market st Chronirl- hMp.
A. W. FOSTER.. R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pans. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Do» Pullman Pelace Sleeping Car*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on me Following Time I
Sheave Ban Francisco.4:3o p. m., 8. M.T.W.T.F.8.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m.. W.T.F.8.8.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
IBerv© Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates. ,
YOU WILL BE C°MFQffTABI.I»
If You Travel on t ho Santa Pet.
SAN FRAHCISCO TICKET OFFICE— I>| MARKET ST.
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1620.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe- 231 J Street. .
San Jom Office— 7 Vltsi Santa Clara Si.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD;
Via Sausalito Ferry.
! From San Francisco,^ commenting May 1, • IS3S.
wkkk days.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:00. »8-00
i •9:SO. 11:00 a. m.; •• 1:45 .. 3:20. 4:00. 6:15. *t:Q<i.
-30 p. in.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
' Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:34
I v ' m SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »9-»o
•10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00. »1:45. »2:30, U.Odi
6-30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. docs not run to Mill Valley. '■':'■
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. .*,.'
: THROUGH TRAINS. .-
7-00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
l : 20p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta' ns.
8:15 p. m. week days (Sat. Tomales and
way stations. . .
8:00 a m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:46 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyei and way aU'na, ,
THE SAX FKAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1898.
HUNDREDS SING "DIXIE" AND CHEER FOR THE FLAG.
Tennessee Boijs Drill Before a Large Audience at the Pavilion.
The exhibition drill given at the Pavilion last evening by the First Tennessee Regiment, under the auspices and for
the benefit of the Army Christian Commission, was a success. Th« military evolutions of the boys in blue were perfect,
far beyond comment, and merited the praise usually extended to the soldiers of the regular army.
The welcome the boys received at the instant they entered the Pavilion clearly demonstrated the patriotic esteem
In which they are held in the minds of those for whom they have enlisted and for whom they are ready to sacrifice life
and worldly interest. The formality and diffidence with which the general citizen is usually hampered in public in the ex
pression of his thoughts and feelings were cast aside and lost In the enthusiasm that the scene before him evoked. The
old historic building echoed and re-echoed with the deafening cheers and bravos that followed in the wake of the per
fect execution of every command. Women came bedecked with every conceivable emblem of patriotism, from a modest
presentation of a miniature flag affixed to their bodices to a dress composed of an entire American flag.
The regiment, preparatory to its assemblage in the Pavilion, was organized in regular order at the corner of Mc-
Allister and Larkin streets, the place appointed, whence, led by the colonel and staff of the regiment, It marched to tho
entrance to the Pavilion.
Upon arrival there the regiment lined up in battalions and was reviewed by General Charles King and staff, after
which the programme of the evening was announced.
Theodore F. Burnham, who acted as president of the evening, in the absence of General W. H. L. Barnes, opened
the exercises by delivering a short address on the subject of the war with Spain and the loyalty of the American soldier.
Upon the conclusion of the panegyric the regimental band rendered the Initial musical selection of the programme, "Dixie."
Tho old familiar tune was met with a burst of applause from every nook and corner of the entire building. People rose In
their seats and waved handkerchiefs and flags, cheering until the last strains of old "Dixie" were lost In an echo and
drowned in the shrill command to march, which was taken up and passed rapidly along the line.
Upon the conclusion of the programme the boys were feasted by the Mothers' Club of the Army and Navy Chris
tian Commission, under the direction of President Mrs. C. S. Wright.
The programme as rendered is as follows: Arrival of the regiment; words of welcome by General Barnes; chorus,
"Dixie's Land," led by the Tennessee Regiment band and the chorus, the audience and the boys of the regiment join
ing fn the chorus;' battalion drill; guard mount; solo and chorus, "Battle Hymn of the Republic," the solo by C. H. Van
Orden; company drill, close order; war song, an original hymn by Charles S. Greene, written for the occasion and dedi
cated to the Tennessee Regiment; company drill, extended order; chorus, ''Hail, Columbia"; review of the regiment by
General Charles King and staff; solo, "The Star-spangled Banner," Miss Grace Davis; chorus, "The Soldier's Farewell";
battalion parade; regimental marching salute.
MAIL FOR MANILA.
Leaves To-Day on the Trans
ports — Letters Should Be
Plainly Addressed and
Sent in Early.
-4- Thp transports leaving to-day for +
■♦■ Manila will carry mail for the +
■♦ Philippine Islands. All mail matter +
+ should be Bent in early, aa It has to ♦
+ be made up and put on board the +
+ Peru before 1 o'clock this after- +
♦• noon. Mail for the land forces +
-♦- should be plainly addruerfed, with +
+ the name of the company and regi- +
+ ment, and in the case of marines -♦■
+ and seamen the name of the ship +
+ should be given. The rate of post- +
+ age is. the same as it is in the +
+ United States, or "domestic post- -f
■*■ age."
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
Interesting Data Regarding the
Nativity of the Men in
the Command.
CAMP BARRETT. Sather Station, Cal.,
July 14.— Now that Captain Murray, U. S.
A., has completed his work and filed the
muster rolls of the Eighth California Reg
iment, United States Volunteer Infantry,
a study of the nativity of the men consti
tuting the command will be of interest.
The twelve companies have 106 men each !
which, with the regimental officers, bring j
the total up to 1129 examined and mus
tered. Of this number 734 are native sons
of California, while Washington furnishes j
3, Oregon 24, Nevada 12, Arizona 1, ana
Idaho 2, making a total of 776 frorri the
coast States. Some of the companies have j
75 per cent native Callfornians, while the
general average is nearly 55 per cent.
Missouri leads all the other States with
53 of her sons, while Illinois and New
York rank third with 40 each. lowa follows
with 34, Michigan and Pennsylvania tie
for fifth place with 27 each. The other
States furnish quotas as follows: Ohio 23,
Wisconsin 22, Indiana 20, Massachusetts
20, Kansas 15, Nebraska 12, Kentucky 10,
Minnesota 10. Texas S, Mississippi 7, Maine
7, Tennessee 6, New Jersey 6, Arkansas 5,
Connecticut S, Virginia 5; West Virginia,
Colorado, Maryland, 3 each; North Caro
lina, South Carolina, Georgia, Louisiana,
New Hampshire 2 each; Florida, Vermont,
South Dakota and District of Columbia,
l each.
The foreign-born volunteers in the regi
ment only number 12S, of which number
57 come from under the British Hag as
follows: England, 80; Ireland, 13; Canada,
12; Scotland, 6; Nova Scotia, 3; Wales, 2;
Australia, 1. Germany follows with 31,
including one each from West Prussia,
Bavaria and Lorraine. The others are
represented by Sweden and Denmark, 8
ea<:h; Italy and Switzerland, 4 each; Aus
tria and Hawaii, 3 each; Portugal, 2;
China. »St. Carolina Island, Belgium, Hol
land, India, Finland, Norway and Brazil,
one each.
First Lieutenant W. E. Smith of Com
pany Lis quite ill to-night. He was the
captain of Company H of Redding, but
the place was given to Captain Baldwin.
He had just recovered from an attack of
nervous prostation, and went into Oak
land.
The visit by fifty members of Company
B of San Jose to the Brooklyn Presby
terian Church on Sunday last was so en- j
joyable that preparations have been made
to- attend seventy-live strong next Sun
day. Rev. S. S. Palmer will have the
church tastefully decorated and a male
quartet of soldiers will sing. They are:
W. W. Craycroft, H. Sherwood and the
Richard brothers.
A rumor was current In camp to-day
that the Eighth Regiment was to be or- j
dered East soon. The officers and men
were very anxious to go to Honolulu, but
falling in this would like to be sent East.
None of the officers would say to-night
that any intimation of their destination
had been received.
The balance of the funds raised by the
Oakland Fourth of July Committee has
been made the basis of a fund to be used
In equipping the regimental band. John
A. Brltton, manager of the Oakland Gaa ,
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Tho f&c- /?
Light and Heat Company, has the matter
In charge.
First Assistant Surgeon Dudley has
charge of the Hospital Corps since. Major
Shlels' promotion. A large new tent has
been erected and* a wooden floor laid.
There is only one man sick. He Is suffer
ing frnm malarial fever. .
The inspection of the small arms of the
National Guard shows only 116 out of 7*u
tit for service. Company I of Grass Val
ley heads the list with fifty serviceable
rifles out of fifty-six on hand.
The camp was thrown open to the public
from 3 to 4 o'clock to-day, and hundreds
visited the men in their company streets.
Each day Bees large squads from var
ious companies marching to the Alameda
; bay shore to take a bath In the salt water.
MAY NOT SAIL. '
A Rumor That Seems to Have
Some Foundation, as It Is
Partly Confirmed.
The rumor that was quietly floated
around in military circles last evening
that there is a possibility of Major Gener
al Otis not palling to-day, and probably
not at all, at least not for Manila, was
confirmed to a considerable extent by a
well-Informed officer of high rank. It Is
known that General Otis is waiting for
important documents relative to affairs
In Hawaii which are coming by mail, and
it is also known that he is hourly ex
pecting a telegram from Washington
which will decide whether he sails or re
mains here.
It is said that the "War Department has
had under consideration for several days
the advisability of sending no more
troops to the Philippines unless a requi
sition comes from General Merritt, who
should reach Manila within ten or twelve
days. The moment he arrives there he
will put himself in cable communication
with Washington. It would not be at all
surprising, therefore, If General Otis were
held here until after the arrival of Gen
eral Merritt at Manila. All this explains
the significant remail: of General Otis
on Thursday evening that he "was still
in the dark" and was waiting to hear
from Washington. At midnight a de
cision had not been reached by the War
Department.
It may be that General Otis will be di
rected to sail to Honolulu, at any rate,
and there await instructions after Gener
al Merritt has been heard from.
THE SIXTH CALIFORNIA.
Major General Merriam Visits
the Troops Stationed at
Fort Point.
Major General Merriam, commanding
the Department of California, visited the
fortifications at' Fort Point yesterday and j
I inspected the works. , The general ob
l served Major Grant's troops of the Sixth
j California Infantry Regiment of Volun
j teers, and spoke highly of their advance
: ment. These California volunteers have |
had daily instruction In the work of
! handling tho high-power guns at this im
■ portant station, and their efficiency has
commanded the earnest attention of regu
lar officers.
General Merriam will probably go
' aboard the Government steamer General
! McDowell to-day, and join in giving Ma
i jor General Otis and the regulars a
: proper "send-off."
I
; General H. G. Otis Banqueted.
The farewell banquet tendered to Briga- j
dier General H. G. Otis at the Palace Ho
' tel last evening by P. G. Gibbon of Los
' Angeles was a fitting parting testimonial
I of the hospitality and loyalty of which
! the citizenship of California is noted.
1 Around the festal board were many of
"the prominent commanders now stationed I
at the various camps, both in this city j
and in Oakland, who drank the health of 1
their superior and their host in a spirit |
of true fellowship. Many • toasts on the 1
subject of the war were made, and fears ]
for the future drowned in the flowing i
bowl, which circulated freely among • the !
guests: At the conclusion of the banquet ]
three cheers were given for the success
of the mission upon which the general !
will start this morning, and as many i
more for the safe return of both him and
his men. • i^y^-i^-s/S^ J-^..f.fj
War Incidents.
The San Francisco Hussars will in the
near future celebrate in an appropriate
manner the recent victories of our land
and naval forces. A recruiting meeting
will be held this evening at 8 o'clock at
Armory Hall, 909 Market street.
GALLAGHER'S BAD BREAK.
An Attorney Gets His Clients Into
the Meshes of the Law.
Attorney Walter Gallagher made a bad
break In Judge Conlan's court yesterday.
He represented Frank Donnelly, Joseph
Hodge and John Bonner, three of the six
men who were arrested recently by Lieu
tenant Anderson and Policeman Clancy
for stealing brass Journals from the Pa
cific Rollins Mills. The Judge held the
three defendants to answer before the Su
perior Court in $500 bonds each.
"Your Honor has made a mistake." said
Gallagher. "The three defendants are in
nocent, but the three men your Honor dis
charged the other day are the guilty
ones. The three referred to by Gallagher
were John Sullivan, James Murray and
Frank Burke.
"The three men were dismissed, as you
know," retorted the Judge, "owing to "the
insufficiency of the evidence, but as you
Reem to know that they were guilty I will !
make use of my rights and issue bench
warrants for their arrest so you may have ;
an opportunity of testifying what you I
know about the case. 1 am glad you, as
an officer of the court, have drawn my at
tention to the matter."
The action of the Judge was a surprise
to Gallagher, but he could only grin and
bear it.
Tibbetts Pleaded Guilty.
J. E. Tibbetts, arrested some time ago
on a charge of misdemeanor embezzle
ment, pleaded guilty to the charge before
Judge Wallace yesterday. Tibbetts ap
propriated a gold watch and a diamond
ring belonging to Mrs. Georgia E. Hub
bard. He will be sentenced to-day.
Policy of the New America, by
Henry Norman, Special Commis
sioner of the London Chronicle, in
next Sunday's Call.
Sues for Maintenance.
Mrp. Catherine Former filed suit yester
day against her husband, W. H. Former,
for maintenance. The plaintiff alleges
that her husband has a large sum of
money in the Bank of Commerce which he
Is throwing away in riotous living. She
asks for an allowance of $50 a month and
?lnQ counsel fees.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is at
Your Elbow.
You who are slaves to
drink or drugs, know that
terrible shadow which
hangs over you in day-
light and tortures you at
night. There is but one
way to be rid of it — take
the Keeley. It is a sure
cure— the only one.
Send for printed matter that
tells all about it
THE KEELEY INSTITUTES,
532 North Main St., Los Angeles.
1170 Market St., San Francisco.
Fred A. Pollock, Manager.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding *~lth Any of the Pol; vlng Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS. 5
California Art Glass. Bendine and Cutting C
Works, 103-105 Mission St.. cor. Spear. "
Embossina;. Staining, Bevelinfi;. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO., I
firtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers. -
117 SUTTER STREET.
, .
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS. •
MEV7A CDDIVIQ Proprietor. Send for meas- T
IllLlltU jrKirlU ure blanks. U. S. Commis-
sion. 9 Geary St., S. F. - I N
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
CIWl r £ CfHIVTH CD Bank. Office and Saloon _
HNK btllllNlJLcK, Fittings, 1309 Market J
Et. Telephone South 267. _
V- , AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock Ffl fID C. CO n .Montßomery St.. L
Auctioneers. AILLII \X WV- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM CrHACVIMf. ■ Shipping trade supplied.
fffll- jtltUtlMnU, (T9 Broadway street. v
BATHING SUITS.
tifiSis'^t 103Postst - "
"* - W HEAD-
knitJ-ingco.- qquoa ooo t r ers ;
BATHING SUITS, SWEATERS, ft
PERFECT-FITTING
Silk, Woolen and Linen Mesh Underwear, ■
BELTING.
LD HFfitV Manufacturer of Belting and
. r. llCUtn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis- ;
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. : -i
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing. >
~~~~~~ BICYCLES.
'88 Model Cleveland Bicycles 1
Sell for 150. $65 and $75. Crescents. In Men's j -
and Ladles' $3.". Second-hand Wheels, $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkin street. | .
BOILER MAKERS. ■!
*3 t& W. J. Brad Patent
If t '*• DETACHABLE
Jf* A*> MUD DRUM 1
r &&jft for Steam Boilers,
*"^«iii«li^^ Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS -
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work. ]
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET -
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, "
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell, ;
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS. ,
JT3 MpHTTVRF Bookbinder and Printer,
i Di luUlrll lulli 422 Commercial street.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO., 1
900 BATTERY STREET. M
Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. H. Blyth. Msrr. i
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing, Steamboat :
nnd Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mrs.M.fI.OBER & CO, equipoise waists.
ITirS.iTI.n.UDCK a WU. 34 Qe »rjr st.,Tel. Red 1401
DENTIST. ]
DR. C V- RICHARDS, II 7 E T^'TeW | 1
DRAY AGE. . 1
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth .
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872. ;
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON&CO. s s oTs n ts da ?e d i s &n n i | I
006600 00 00000Q0000J
oT"o T " PALACE "■'■-%
%GRAND hotels o
o SAN FRANCISCO. Q
** Connected by a covered passageway. J" ]
° 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attoobcd. °
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: O 5
-. European Plan. .oo per day and upward A
American P1an. 53. 00 per day and upward"
Q Correspondence Solicited. Q
0 JOHN C. SIRSPATKICK. Manager. -,
000000000000000000
In Loveland, Colorado, there is a man named Park, who is en-
gaged in merchandising, and he calls his place the " Golden Rule
Store." When opportunity offers, this gentleman never fails to recom-
mend Ripans Tabules and to give his own experience with them, which
he relates as follows : " For fully twenty-five years I have been an
astnmatic. As a general thing throughout the winter, I have to re-
main indoors at least three or four days in each month. I have suf-
fered a great deal — yet all the precautions I might take did not keep
me free from these terrible attacks. About eighteen months ago I
commenced taking RIPANS TABULES to regulate my stomach. 1
am of a bilious temperament, and as soon as I become bilious I am
sure to have attacks of asthma. The Tabules keeps my stomach all
right, and for the past year I have not been confined f> the house at
all. My asthma is not cured — but the attacks are very slight. Ijiso
on an average two Tabules every Sunday, one on Wednesday *aa one
•o Friday,"
EYES EXAMINED.
lERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers of
Optical Goods, 14 and 16 Kearr-y street.
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
407-409 Montgomery at.
Capital Represented over $14,000,000
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
AS RftYFS & f ft Shipping Butchers. 108
A3- DU ICO V\ Ml,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FLOUR.
f ATIfIVAI Flour Mills. J. Martensteln * Co.
1.-iIIU<V4L S.W. cor. Battery and Pacific it»
HARDWARE.
3ALACE Hardware Co., lmporters SDealer3
in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
.EIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln St., S. P.
"Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers in Buggies,
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or write
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hediey. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castincs of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505. '
JEWELERS.
rV. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
r*OLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 136 Sutter St..
U > San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
I ADE purely of limes and lemons In bottles
and cases. L. G. Sresovich Co.. 521 Sansoms st.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES
"rf." • Combined Capital, $4,000,000
SYZ & CO., Agents,
301 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
rHF RFRNHART) Mattress Co.. 642 Mission
lIIC DCKMIAKIJ st. Telephone Main 1874.
OPTICAL GOODS.
PI ITWTIV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LUIIVIi full 18-k. Wedding Rings, 4 3d st.
PAPER DEALERS.
jyii I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.,
fVILLHITILI IE 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Lareest Stock.
PI^NO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
7An LV Agency. Reloading, developing, print-
WJVAliing. T. P. Andrews. 109 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSE.N & CO..
HEAL. ESTATE. RENT COLLECTOR*
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery 6t-
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
relegrapbic OAp r r'pirfcf > fT3OO Call-
Codes. I^/\K lIV 1 C fornia St,
SEWING MACHINES.
"nnMCQTin" Pre-eminently the machins for
UUlllLOllU family use. 1021 Market street,
near Sixth.
SOAP.
i D TllfV ft ffl 123 California street.
1, 11, LLWI VV VU,, room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
[HE HICKS JDDD CO., Ztil'lV^tZ
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms PHAS DI ICC Claus Spreckela
(07.408 409. 410 vIIA J DLI JO- Bldg., 4th Floor.
TARTAR WORKS.
£\ALtFORNIA TARTAR WORKS,
*"* G. De LATOUR. Manager.
Office 318 Front Street, San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successor*
to Hawks & Shattuck. The Home Industry
House, 508 Clay st. .
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
3ENRT B. SCHINDLER, manufacturer of
carriages, buggies, etc.;- repairing done In
first-class style at fair prices lor good work.
128 Spear St.; tel. Main 295.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers.
>eneral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
3enerai office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
DRMCNULTY.
THIB well-known and RKI.IABT.F. OM»
A Specialist cures I'rlvate.Nervous.Hlooc and skin
Diseiisesof Men only. Manly restored. Over
-OyearsVx peri euce. Send for Boot, frpe. i'atlents
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
'i:iil>-;6:.7)t«.8.»<rv»88, Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tionfree and sacredly confidential. Call oraddxess
if» ROSrOE MrKtr-TT, H. J».,
IQ% KEABNT STREET, BAI.TEANCISCO. CAL.
«^ WONG WOO,
: f a^F CHINESE TEA AND HERB
fejP 5 SANITARIUM,
\&^k 764-66 CLAY ST., San Pr»nciseo,C»l
I^HpSm All diseases cured exclusive
«?MW,V « by Chinese herbs, over 300«
rff/V ■;,//.' «M* varieties beln« used. ADVICB
FREE. Hours, 8:30 to 11 ». m.. 1 to 3 aad 7to
i p. m.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMART.
Flour declined 35c
Linseed Oil and Luool lower.
Wheat about the same. .\-.
Barley advanced a fraction.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay gradually rising.
Feedstuff* unchanged.
Slather more inquiry for Beans.
Potatoes steady. Onions rather firm.
Vegetables about the same.
Butter weak. Eggs steady and Cheese, dull.
Fresh fruits In fair supply.
Bartlett Pears badly wanted by the canners.
Dried fruits quiet, except Apricots.
Provisions quiet.
Meat market unchanged.
Cordage weakening.
FOREIGN SILVER COINS.
The value of foreign silver coins for the cur
rent quarter for the appraisement of foreign
goods imported Into the United States was
fixed by Treasury officials on July 1 aa fol
lows:
Belgium. • franc $0. 19. 3
Bolivia, bolivano 0.41.8
Central America, peso 0.41.
Chile, p«so 0.36.5
Colombia, peso 0.41.8
Ecuador, sucre 0.41.8
France, franc 0.19.3
India, rupee 0.19.9
Italy, lira 0.19.3
Mexico, dollar 0.45.4
Peru, pol 0.41.8
Spain, peseta 0.19.3
The Chinese tad varies In the different ports
from 61.7 cat Shanghai to 6S.Sc at Halkwan.
WEATHER REPORT.
(l2Oth Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 14, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations in
California:
Eureka, 60; Fresno, 9S: Los Angeles, 90; Red
Bluff, 100; Independence. 98; San Diego, 74; Sac
ramento, 96; San Luis Oblspo, 86; Yuma, 108.
San Francisco data— Maximum, 67; minimum,
49; mean, 08.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
RECASTS.
• The pressure has fallen rapidly along the
coast of Central California. An area of low
pressure overlies the southern half of the Pa
cific Slope.
The temperature has risen In the Sacramento
Valley and over the northern half of the Pa
cific Coast. In the Sacramento Valley the
temperatures are from 7 to 15 degrees above the
normal. In the San Joaquln Valley they are
below the normal.
With the exception of light showers at Salt
Lake City, no rain has fallen west of the
Rocky Mountains.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July 15, 1S38:
Northern California— Friday; continued
warm weather in northern port! warmer in
the southern portion: light northerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Friday; northerly
winds in the interior; westerly winds on the
coast.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
Utah— Fair Friday.
Arizona— Cloudy Friday; thunder showers in
the mountains.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday;
•warmer; southerly changing to westerly winds.
.Special report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at 5 p. m. — Clear; wind south, 12 miles per
hour; temperature, 79: maximum, S3.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 14.— The stock market
showed a firm resistance to pressure all day,
and when the news was received that Santiago
had surrendered on our terms a vigorous up
ward movement set in, which wiped out a large
part of the losses Incurred in yesterday's bear
raid. The fear of the introduction of yellow
fever Into this country if it should gain a foot
hold among our forces had as much to do with
yesterday's decline as did the fears of a mili
tary setback. This was indicated by the
sharp recovery to-day in such stocks as Louis
ville and Nashville and Southern Railway pre
ferred. There was a brief period of depression
at the opening, due to some sympathy with
London, where the belief prevailed that the
Spaniards would refuse to surrender Santiago
and thus necessitate a long siege. The local
bears early evinced uneasiness and bought
etocks to cover short contracts put out with
great confidence yesterday. Thin confidence had
been unsealed, not only by the strong belief
expressed In ■ racial circles in Washington that
Santiago would surrender, but also by a real
ization that the favorable effect of the success
of the Government loan would nave to be met.
The covering movement was aided by a raid
upon the anthracite group, which yielded easily
and dragged the market back to near last
night's level, about which it drifted very slug
gishly until the final upward movement.
Net gains In most stocks were near a point,
and [l cases, notably Omaha and Hawaiian
Commercial, gains exceeded 2 points. The en
tire absorption of the Government loan by
rniall subscriptions seems • practically assured.
There Is no doubt that this will release con
siderable sums of money held by banks, cor
porations and syndicates as reserves against
bids for large amounts of the bonds. As an
object lfsson on the wealth and resources of
the country this subscription of a $200,000,1*10
loan bearing interest below the ruling savings
bank rate is expected to have a striking effect.
The movement In speculative bonds continued
large to-day and the upward course of prices
was resumed, traders covering short contracts
put out yesterday. Total sales. J3.920.000.
United States s's and the old 4's coupon de
clined Vi In the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 225.600
shares, including: Atchison preferred, 565;
Burllnfrton, 71SS: L. and N.. SOOO; Manhattan,
10.35.'.; M. K. and T. preferred. 4540; New Jer
sey Central. 3325; New York Central, 3000-
Reading. 7180; Rock Island. 5700: St. Paul, 11,
865; Texas Pacific, 11.120; Union Pacific pre
ferred. 9312: Spirits. 7192: Tobacco, 7780; Peo
ple's Gas, 3775; Sugar. 19 000; Rubber, 10,400.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 13-, St i' & Cm 83%
Do prefd 35% Do prefd 154
Baltimore & Ohio it ■•• St I' M& M 154
Canada Pacific .. 83% So Pacific 20
Canada Southern. 53* iSo Railway 8%
Central Pacific .. 14 Do prefd 31
Ches & Ohio 23 Texas & Pacific. 13
Chi & Alton..: 159 L'nlon Pac prefd. 60 4
Chi Ii & •} 106% CJ p D-& a :
Chi ft E 111 55ft Wabash 7>i
C C C & St L.... 42 Do prefd 19'
Do prefd 86% Wheel & L E 1%
Del ft Hudson... 106 Do prefd 8
I '••! L & W 156 Express Companies —
Den & It G 12% Adams Ex 100
Do prefd 43% American Ex .... 130
Eri (new) 13 rnitp<l States .... 41
Do Ist prefd.... 34% Wells Fargo 117
Fort Wayne 170 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor prefd 126% A Cot oil 20%
Hocking Valley... .v- 4 Do prefd 74
Illinois Central... 109% \mn Spirits M%
Lake Erie <* W... 14> 2 Do prefd 35%
Do prefd 69ft \m Tobacco 121
Lake Shore 189 , Do prefd 123
Louis & Nash — 53% People's Gas ... 99%
Manhattan L .... 107' 'ens Gas 198'
Met st i(y l."-.' 1 -. Com Cable C 0.... 175
Mich Central — 105 ft Col F & Iron 20
Minn & St L.... 28% Do prefd 60
Do Ist prefd — 88% Oen Electric 39
Mo Pacific zy-.ii Illinois Steel f»9
Mobile & 0hi0.... 26 Laclede Gas . *,0
Mo X ft T 11 Lead 34
Do prefd 34% i> prpfd ' 107%
nil In.l & L »%|Nal Lin Oil 13
Do prefd 29% Pacific Mail 29
N -I Central 90 Pullman Palace... 209%
N V Central 118% Silver Certificates 59ft
N V Chi &St L.. 14 Stand It & T .... 6
Do Ist prefd — 70 Bogar 134%
Do 2d prefd.... 23 Do prefd 113"4
Nor West 14 rC & Iron {S
No Amer Co 6% 0 S Leather 7V4
No Pacific I--' 1 . Do prefd C7VJ,
Do prefd 70% (.- S Rubber 28« i
Ontario & \V 13% Do prefd ft 2
Or It & Nay 4S West Union '.'2%
Or .Short Line.... 28 C & N XV.. .. 123
Plttaburg 170 | Do prefd 171
Reading i7Vi St L &■ s W 26%
Do Ist prefd.... 41% Do prefd 65
Rock Island B<% R O W.: ■ 6%
St Louis ft S P.. 7>-i Do prefd liy
Do Ist prefd — Bl%lCnl G XV 14%
Do Id prefd.... C- 7 !, Haw Com Co 22
St Paul 90S rjrooklyn n T R%
Do prefd 150% | Union Pacific ... 24H
CLOSING HONDS.
L' S new 4s reg.. 124 N' J C 55..... 112%
Do coup 124 M Carolina 6s 125
I" B 4s 110 Do 4s 102
Do coup 110% No Pac 15t5. ...... 1124
Do Ida 95 Do 3b 63%
{• S he reg 112\4 Do is Jgft
Do Is coup 11214 M T C & St L 4s. 106
District 3.6.">H 116 Nor & XV t* 122
All class A 107 1 Northwstrn cons. 142' A
Do B 100 Do deb 5s ...... 116 ft
Do C 60 0 Nay lsts 11l
Do Currency ... SO 0 Nay 45... {inft
Atchison 4s ...;... !<4'_. O B Line 6s tr.... 127
Do adj 4s 7>\ O s Line f>s tr.... 104 ft
Can So 2d» 109 ft Pacific 6a of 95.. 101%
Dhl Term 4« « Reading 4s 82.i
" & Ohio i.s 11' ■ ft ,; w ists 89%
C H ft I) 4ft5.... 104% St L ft I M C ss. 97%
D& R a lsts 108 St LftS F G f.s. 118
D & R G 4s 83% St P C0n....\ 143
East Term lsts.. 106% ISt PC & P lsts.. 117%
Erie Gen 4s 73% Do 5s 115
FXV & D lsts tr. 75 So Railway 55.... 94
3en Elec 58 103 ft Stand R X- T 65.. 70
3II&S A6s 104 Term new set 3a.. 89
Do 2ds 103 : T Pac L G lsts... lor.'i
lI4TC 5s 105 Do R 2ds 44%
Do con fi.« 11l . Union Pac. lsts... 97
towa C lsts 101 U PD & G lsts. 69%
La new eons 45.. l'< 3 'U'ab Ist 5s ...110
L & N Unl 45.... 88 Do 2dR ....86ft
Missouri 6s ... 100 w Shore '4s...:...' loßU
,M! X & T 2d5..... 66% Va Centuries ..... 71%
Do 4s -SSftl Do deferred ... 4
N T Central lsts. 115%!
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ........... "OS Ontario :'... 250
Crown Point 05 Ophlr 07
Con Cal & Va.... 30 Plymouth V.. 12
Deadwood 30 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curp- 05 - Do prefd ...:.... 200
«J«.le & Korcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada ... S3
atofiMUM*'.. rJt rii»-ii>niii iWiwflli— ■■m>nw
Homestake 45 00 ' Standard 16
Iron Sliver 73.Un10n Con 05
Mexican ....: 04 1 Yellow Jacket ... 05
. BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. .
Money— • : Do prefd ... 64%
Dall loans ......2 <f34 Roston El 66%
Time loans 2%@4 E E 111 1"5
Stocks — , , . 'Jen Elec prefd... 94
A T & S F 13% Atchlson prefd .. 35%
Amer Sugar 134 1 Bonds—
Do prefd 113*4 Atchlson 4s ...... 93
Bay State Gas.... 1% New England 6a.. 1124
Bell Telephone .. 270 Wis Cent 6s 125%
Boston & Albany. 254 Mining Shares-
Boston & Maine. 160 Allouez Minln Co. 4%
"hi B& Q 106 Atlantic 28%
Fltchburg 99»; Boston & Mont 20?
("Jen Electric 8S 3*3 * Butte & Boston.. 23%
Illinois Steel 54*; Calumet & Hecla. 570
Mexican Central.. 4»i Centennial .-.. 144
NT & N Eng.... 95 Franklin 12
Old Colony 192 Osceola 464 |
Or Short Line.... 30 Quincy 1154
Rubber 25% Tamarack 155
Union' Pacific .... 24 Wolverine 23
West End 85 Paxrott 23
Do prefd 105 Old Dominion .... 23%
i Westlnghouse El.. 2»%
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. July FLOUR— Receipts,
OS" barrels; exports, 2228 barrels. Dull and
about steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 925 bushels: exports, 75,
555 bushels. Spot, easy: No. 2 red, 87%<g~SSc
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened steady, but
quiet. Thereafter they ruled inactive, but
maintained a substantial undertone on wet
weather predictions and covering, bullish price
current reports on foreign buying and export
business; closed %@94c higher on all but July,
which was %c lower. No. 2 red July, 80@Slc,
closed SOVic.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— The. MetaI market is still a email
one, with fluctuations narrow and featureless.
At the close to-day the Metal Exchange closed
quiet.
PIOIRON— Warrants, $6 55 bid and $6 65
asked.
. LAKE COPPER— Steady at $11 87%.
TIN-Qulet. with $1560 bid and $15 67% asked.
SPELTER— and nominal, with $4 50 bid
and J4 75 asked.
LEAD— with $3 97% bid and $4 asked.
The firm making the settling prices for lead
ing Western miners and smelters quotes Lead |
at $3 SO.
I COFFEE— Options opened quiet at unchanged
| prices to 5 point* lower: closed unchanged to
5 points lower. Sales. 8400 bags, Including Sep-
I tember. $5 65@5 60. Spot Coffee— Rio, dull and
nominal.
SUGAR— Raw, firm, tending upward: fair re
j fining, 34c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; refining,
I firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 65.341 packages. Firm;
■ Western creameries, 13%@17c; Elglns, 17c; fac
tory. n}il2Sie.
EGGS— Receipts, 6456 packages. Firm; West
ern, 14c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, July 14.— California Dried
Fruits, steadier.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6@Sc;
prime wire tray, S4c; choice, S9ii3'9c; fancy,
94c.
PRUNES— 4ffSe.
. APRICOTS— RoyaI, S%(glOc; Moorpark, 10@
; 12c.
! PEACHES— 6@Sc; peeled, 12316 c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 14.— The' Cincinnati Price
Current came to the rescue of the downward
' tending Wheat at the start by remarking that
the disappointment as to yields continued and |
j that former estimates were being steadily re
duced. This, together with private advices
from gome sections of poor threshing returns.
Infused a little courage Into believers in a
small crop. Shorts were also Impressed to the
extent of covering some of the Wheat sold dur-
I ing the weak spell yesterday afternoon. The
London market was likewise firm and 6@6Ud
; higher for "off coast" and "on passage," and
I as a consequence the price of September here
! advanced %c over last night's close. An at
tempt, however, to secure some profit on the
i long side caused a %c break, and that was in
turn reversed when a prominent bear put
1 brokers in to buy on the last named decline.
The amount of business done In the pit was the
smallest In twelve months, some traders doing i
nothing at all. This, it was claimed, was due j
chiefly to the corroding Influence of the war j
tax. Chicago receipts were 44 cars, of which :
3S were new. September advanced %(<JUc on
the day. The report of the Price Current that
the Corn crop condition was moderately less
assuring, much of it approaching a critical
condition, together with talk of hot winds, |
strengthened Corn. Light receipts were also j
a factor. September closed HS^c higher.
Oats sympathized with the other grains. ■
There was a better shipping demand. Septem- :
ber cloned %c higher.
A good demand for cash products was pro- I
, ductive of a better feeling in Provisions. Pork !
| and ribs gained 24c each and lard sc.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
! Articles— Open. High. Low. Close,
Wheat, No. 2—
I July 74 74 72* i 73%
September 67% 67*1, 66 67%
! December 67% 67* 674 67%
I Corn No. 2—
'May 34* i 35 34% 34%
July 31% 31% 31*4. 31%
September 32 32% 31% 324
December 324 32*4 32% 324
i Oats, No. —
July 23% 23 22>/ 22%
September 19% 19% 19 1914
May 21% 21% 21% 21*4 !
Mess Pork, per bb!—
July 9 77% !
September .... 990 10 00 985 9 92% j
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 560 565 5 57% 5C5
October 5 624 5 70 5 62% 5 70
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 560 5 67% 560 5 67%
1 October 5 70
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, old, Me; No. 3
spring wheat. old. 75'ffS2c; No. 2 red, new. 75c:
No. 2 corn. 32Q32%c; • No. 2 oats, 23c; No. 2
white 2KH®26 : »;c: No. 3 white. 25«z2<>c; No. 2
; rye. 46#46<4c; No. 2 barley. 310'34c; No. 1 flax
seed, $1 04%: prime timothy seed, $2 55: mess
pork, per bbl., $3 &o<&9 85: lard, per 100 lbs., ;
$3 50575 60: short ribs sides (loose), IS 1606 75;
dry salted shoulders (boxed). 49i<55c; short
i clear sides (boxed), $6©6 20.
I 'Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
! Wheat, bu .'.. 5.400 B. WO !
' Flour, bbls 5.500 8,200
Corn, bu 191,300 230.
Oats, bu 131,300 463.100
Rye. bu 42.000
Barley, bu 1.500
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was brisk and good demand. Creamer
leu 12@16c; dairies, 11@13%c. Eggs, firm; fresh.
ll%c.
• WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels. I
Minneapolis 32.200 31.980
Duluth 2.649 165.284
i Milwaukee 3,900 •
Chicago 8.441 8.968 !
Toledo 59,459 42,900
St. Louis 34,000 5,000
! Detroit 500 2.2."
Kansas City 22,000 11.500
Totals 163,149 267,889
Tidewater —
Boston 25,572 71.507
New York 725 76.656
Philadelphia 2,041 1.000
Baltimore 45,250 16,000
! New Orleans
Galveston .'. 11.550
Totals 85.135 149.463
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening Holiday
Closing Holiday
! Flour —
Opening ....
Closing ~.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 11% 6 8%
Closing 66% 6 11% 68%
LONDON MARKET. . • •
NEW YORK, July 14.— Evening Post's
London cablegram says: The settlement has i
i been satisfactorily concluded, but the stock
markets here remain dull as a whole. Consols
were weak on rumors of large gold with
drawals from the Bank of. England to-day, but
i only £15,000 was taken.'
! Americans, of course, continue tinder the in
fluence of the reports of yellow fever among
the troops In r Cuba, and are from 25c to $1
j lower on the average.
Spanish 4s declined a little,' but Argentines
j continued to move 'upward.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific. 85%; Grand Trunk, 7%: Bar
Sliver, steady, 27V4d per ounce; Money, % per
, cent.
Bar Silver closed firmer at 27% d per ounce.
Spanish 4"s closed at 37 7-16.'
MADRID, July 14.— Spanish fours closed to
, day at C 7.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. •
CHICAGO. July CATTLE— was an
. active general demand for cattle . to-day and
prices ruled strong. Choice steers. $5 05@5 50;
, medium, $; 65®4 80; beef eteers. $4 15® 4 60;
1 Btockers and feeders, $2 60@4 70; cows and heif
ers, $3 15(54; calves, $3 50«3>7; Western steers.
1 $4 201fi:5 15.
! HOGS— about 5c lower. Fair to choice,
$3 S7@4 05; packers, $3 75(33 85;. butchers", $3 So@
i 4: mixed. $3 75@3 95; lights, $3 70@3 95; pigs,
$2 85^3 80. - .
SHEEP— Business in sheep was good at the
prices recently ruling. Choice sheep. $5(3 5 25;
i rams;. $2 25<53 50; Western sheep, $3 75*4 75;
' lambs,' $4@6 65.
> Receipts— Cattle, ■ 9600; • hogs, 28,000; sheep,
i 9000. .-..-; . :-■.- . .
i KANSAS CITY. '
I j KANSAS CITY. July 14.— Receipts,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1898.
4000. Best grades steady, others weak; native
steers, $4@5 26; do cows and heifers, $1 50<f?
4 65; Btockers and feeders, $3®>4 90; bulls, $2 20(jj>
3 90.
HOGS— Receipts, 11,000. Market weak to 5c
lower; bulk of sales, $3 60f3 95; heavies. $3 80©
4; packers, $3 SSQS 90; mixed. $3 50@3 90: lights,
$3 50ff3 75; yorkers. $3 70«i3 75; pigs, $3<7?3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market steady to
strong; lambs, $3 70@6; muttons, $3@4 65.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, July 14.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1100.
Market active and stronger: natives, $4 20'fJ
6 25; Weetern steers, $3 90@4 50; cows and helf
erts, $3 50(&:4 30; stockers and feeders. $3 60®
4 75; calves, f i WIJfG 50; bulls and stags, $3®
4 m.
HOGS— Receipts. 8200. Market 5c lower;
heavy. $3 7033 So; mixed. ?3 75«3 77; light,
$3 72<*i3'3 75; bulk of sales. $3 75f?3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts. 700. Market fair; fair to
choice natives, $3 SOW 4 50; do Westerns, $3 7Q®
4 40; common, $3 50574; lambs, J4@6 50.
DENVER.
DENVER. July 14.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2200.
Market steady to strong. Good demand for
range cattle. Beef steers, $3 90<34 70; cows,
i $394 25; stockers and feeders, freight paid, $3 80
! <j7<4 60; bulls, stags, etc.. $2 50@3 60.
HOGS— Receipts. 200. Market steady to easy.
Light packers, $3 7iv^>3 75: mixed. $3 75@3 80;
heavy. $3 6C53 80; bulk of sales. $3 80.
SHEEP— No receipts. Market quiet.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July 14.— Consols, 111%; silver,
27Vid.
LIVERPOOL, July 14.— Wheat, steady: car
goes off coast, more inquiry, 6d higher; car
goes on passage, firm, 6d higher; English
markers, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 16-32 d.
CLOSING.
CORN— July, quiet, 3s Id; September, quiet,
3s 2VI.
WHEAT— Futures d'-sed steady; July,
6s $\A; September, 5s HV4d: December, 6s \d.
WHEAT— Spot steady; No. 2 red Western
winter, 9c; No. 1 red Northern spring, 6s Bd.
CORN — Spot dull; A,merlcan mixed new, 3s
%d: futures quiet: July, 3s Id; September, 3s
2Vid; October, 3s 3Hd.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), dull; £2
<3*-
LONDON WOOL SAXrES.
LONDON, July 14— There was another large
attendance at the wool auction sales to-day.
The offerings numbered 13.875 bales, including
a fine lot of New Zealand crossbreds. which
sold very well at hardening rates. The home
trade and Continent are eager buyers and they
I paid high rates for several lots. Geelong
I greasy, suitable for America, caused animated
competition and was takon by the home trade.
The number of bales sold up to date is 186.100.
SALES OF CALIFORNIA FRUIT
The Ear! Fruit Company sold California fruit
to-day as follows:
BOSTON. July 14.— Prunes— Tragedy, $1 Ss<s
2 10, avemge $1 65; German. $1 40: Burbank
plums, $1 lOigl 70, average $1 47: Hale's Early
peaches, 7".c: Bartiett pears. 85@1 90, average
$1 C 6. Weather dry. Four cars sold.
CHICAGO. July 14 — Bartiett pears— sl 95@
2 05. average $1 97. Weather warm. Five cars
sold.
MONTREAL. July 14.— Bartiett pears— s2 05®
2 30, average $2 15; Alexander apples, $1 50. One
car sold.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., July 14.— The local wheat
market Is still very dull, with no signs of
export business. Quotations are nominal.
Walla Walla, 61@62c; valley and blue stem,
63@<4c.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 14.— COTTON— Dull; mid
dling, X ."-lfic.
NEW OP.! FANS. July 14.— COTTON— Steady ;
middling, I 3-16 c.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 14.— Exchanges, $243.
535; balances, $51,274.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. sight — 14 87
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 SSH
Sterling Cables — 4 S8
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17>*
New York Exchange, sight — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — B9H
Mexican Dollars 48 4GVs
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. .
WHEAT— Futures were a shade firmer, but
the spot market was unchanged, as usual.
Trade Is still dull.
Spo' Shipping, |1 25@1 27% : milling,
$1 35@1 45 per ctl.
CALL 1 BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — Depember»
2000 ctls, $1 27%; 2000,- $1 27*,; 6000. $1 27V4-
Second— December— ctls. $1 27*4; 2000,
»1 27%.
Regular morning session — December— 2ooo
ctls. $1 27%; 12,000. $1 27%.
Afternoon session — No sales.
BARLEY— Feed was higher and In better de
mand. Futures • were dull.
Feed, 11 174^1 22^; Brewing. $1 25@1 35.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — sales.
Second— sales.
Regular morning session — December— 2ooo
ctls. $1 19.
Afternoon session — December — 2000 ctls. $1 20.
OATS — Are neglected and unchanged. Fancy
Feed. $1 32 1 -' SI 35 per ctl: good to choice. Jl 25 <
Gil 3Ji 2 . common, $1 17'rSl 224; Surprise.
$1 32'ijfil 35; gray, $1 22't'gi 25; milling, $1 30®
1 35 per ctl.
CORN— Business continues at a standstill.
Small round yellow, $1 25@l 30; Eastern large
yellow. $1 05^1 07^; white, $1 06@l 07V4; mixed,
$1 02U«?i 05 per ctl.
RYE— sl 20*51 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
FLOUR — millers have reduced Flour 35c
I all around. Family extras, $4 66@4 75; bakers'
extras. $4 40@4 50 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
■ lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
I Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, }2 60; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats.
$4 50; Hominy. $3 2.'.<63 50; Buckwheat Flour, $1
94 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina. $4 50;
! Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
rels). $r, S*.<g6 25; in sacks. $5 65^05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 60
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There has recently been a steady advance In
Hay. It is so gradual that it Is not noticeable
from day to day, but prices have been slowly
creeping up for a fortnight. The $20 mark for
new has been touched by the sale of a car of
wheat at this figure, though It Is not quotable.
The condition of affairs in this city is Illus
! trated by the fact that whereas the large con
i sumers In former years have always laid in
! their winter stocks by this time, this year they
have' not bought a pound over their dally
! needs. They buy two or three bales every day
to keep them going, and the barns In the city
are generally . empty. There were thirty cars
In yesterday and they found Immediate sale at
full figures.: v, - ™
Feedstuffs remain unchanged, though Rolled
Barley is tending up In sympathy with the raw
product.
BRAN— r>orf?ls 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $204722 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Barley, |25@36 per ton;
j Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31!fr31 50; jobbing,
1 $32*i"2 50; Cocoanut Cake, $2»<525; Cottonseed
j Meal, J2B{T3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23<g23 50;
Cracked Corn, $24<??24 50.
NEW Wheat, $18 50@19 50 for choice
and Jl7©lß for lower grades; Wheat and Oat,
H7©lß 60; Oat. J175J18: Wild Oat. $16<317; Bar
ley, $10; Island Barley. J14@16; Alfalfa, $12 50
©13: Clover. Jl3iSl4 50 per ton.
STRAW— 6O@9Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The Inquiry for Beans Is said to be slightly
Improving, but not sufficiently to advance
prices.. ' *"* ; -
BEANS— Bayos, $2 BO®2 95; Small ' Whites,
$1 80<fl 90; Large Whites, $1 75@1 80; Pinks, »2 60
GJ2 75; Reds. $2 75(&2 85; Blackeye. 1303 26: But
ters. $1 80@2; Llmas, $2 80@2 90; "Pea, $1 90@2;
Red Kidneys, $2 50fi2 70 per ctl.
I SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $4 50®5 per ctl;
, Yellow Mustard, |4 50<g5; Flax, J2@2 05; Canary
Seed, 2'4''d:%c per lb; Alfalfa, 3<36e; Rape, 2%@
2%c; Hemp. 2%<ij;3o; Timothy. s#S^c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75@2; Green. $2@2 10
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Eearly red Onions are about gone, but late
red are bringing the quotations. Potatoes are
unchanged. . .',. 1 --?^ -'■<;••" - •
Tomatoes are lower. Otherwise there is lit
tle new In Vegetables. ;, '.-,,■. .i-r
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 60<S70c In' sacks
and 60@90c in boxes for Early Rose and 50®
70c in sacks and 60c®Jl In boxes for Burbanks;
Salinas Hurlianks, 80(E(90c.
ONIONS— per. ctl for red and 80@9Oc per
ctl for yellow.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, • 75e®J2 per"
box; Green Peas, lH@2Hc per Ib: String Beans.
2<?of>e per Ib; Lima Beans, sc; Bay Squash, Jl@
1 25; Green Peppers, 50(g>75e for Chile and Jl@
125 'for Bell; Dried Peppers. s<£Gc: Cabbage,
60c per ctl; Carrots, 3O^fsOc per. sack; Bay Cu
cumbers. 75ciffjl 25; Marysvllle, 60@60c; Vaca
vllle Tomatoes, 50@75c: Los Angeles, $1 per box;
River - Tomatoes, $1 60@>2; Green Corn, ■ 50c(S$l
per . sack for Vacavllle, Jl@l 60 per crate for
Alameda and 75@'85c for Berkeley ;. Garlic, 2@3c
perlb; Green Okra, 75c@Jl; Egg Plant, 75c@
$1 25 per box. ■-■■•!:. . -
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots. of 25 lbs;- sliced
desiccated, 181? 18c; granulated. raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new. 18c; Cab
bage. 30c;- Swoet 4 Potatoes.- 30c: • Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c. .
POULTRY AND GAME. .
The market is In fair shape at about the old
quotations. ■ Stocks are not too ! heavy.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13®14c for Gob
blers and ' 12<3>18c for Hens ; i young Turkeys, 17®
ISc; . Geese, per pair, 75c<g Jl; ; Goslings, 75c®$l; j
Ducks, $2 50(f?3 for old and $3@5 for young;
Hens, $3 50^5; Roosters, young, $6@7; Roosters,
old, $4 60<»5; Fryers, «sff3 50: Broilers, $4<®4 50
for large, $2 50<ft3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50®
1 75 per dozen for young and $I@l 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTFT. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Second creameries are weak and In oversup
ply and dealers ■ are shading to sell. Fancy
creameries still keep up, but are not firm.
Eggs are steady at the recent improvement.
Cheese Is unchanged. : : ..
BUTTER—' . - " "
Creamery— creameries, 21c. with sales
of special brands at 22c; seconds, 19@20c.
.- Dairy— Choice -to fancy, 17@19c; common,
grades, .15(?T 16c. ■ ••-.•■■:
• Eastern Butter— packed, 14@15c per lb;
Eljrin. nominal. ..■-...
CHEESE— and mil' new. 8e; old, 7@
7%c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
B(S9c: Eastern. • 12@13c. '
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 16«»18Hc per dozen; store
Eggs, 12@14c; Eastern, 12%@15c; Duck Eggs,
16c. , . , N
; DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are hot after Bartiett Pears and
are telegraphing to the growers, asking them
to name prices, but the growers, realizing that
the crop of Pears and Peaches Is limited this
year, .are not responding as readily as the can
ners could wish. ..The: canners have been con
tracting at $25 per ton, delivered In San Fran
cisco, but the tendency -in the market Is to
ward still better prices.
Apricots in small boxes are weaker, but In
bulk • to the canners are •as firm as ever.
Peaches are steady. Plums are in good supply
and hardly as firm. Grapes are slow In coming
in and are equally slow of sale. Figs are
quiet. ■ ■ ,
Watermelons are making more show.
Alexander Peaches from Oregon sold at 65®
75c per box. • t
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. $2 25@3 per chest for large and
$4@6.for, small. .■■.-, -, i
Royal. Anno Cherries, 30@40c; loose, 2%@3c
per lb. ■«••;-':
Figs, 3S@soc per box for single and 60@75c for
double layers.
Cantaloupes - $3 50^4 per crate; Nutmegs, 75c
per dozen; Watermelons, $I@l 75 per dozen.
Huckleberries. 10c per It).
Red Nectarines. $1; White Nectarines. 65®
75c. ■ ■ , -
Fontalnebleau Grapes from Vacavlllo, 50c<ff$l
per crate; Seedless White Grapes from Yuma,
per crate; Black Grapes, ,
Blackberries, $3 50<Zf5 per chest.
Currants, $1 50@3 per chest.
Plums, 50@75c per crate and 40@75c per box.
Apricots. 40®75c per box and 70@86c per crate
and $40@65 per ton In bulk.
Peaches, 40<<j[9flc per box, 65c@$l per basket.
Raspberries. $4@6 per chest.
Apples, 1 40@50c for small and 75c®$l 25 per
large box. \ < ', ■
Crabapples, 60@65c per box.
Bartiett Pears. $l@l 25 per box; Windfalls,
anything buyers will give.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI . Oranges. $1 60@S;
Seedlings. 75c(@$l: Lemons, $1 25@2 for com
mon and $2 50@3 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $6(57; Bananas, $1 25©2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3'a4 per dozen. .
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Apricots are very firm and the tendency Is
toward still Higher prices.'
DRIED FR.-i'S— Prunes, carload lots, 4%@
6c for 40-50' s, 4%@4%c for 50-60' s, 3%@4c for
60-70' s, 3Vi^r3Hc for 70-SO's, 2%(g3c for SO-90's 2%
@2%c for 90-100" s; Peaches, 3@sc; fancy, 5%@
6c; peeled. 10@12%c: new Apricots. B<B9c for
Royals; old Apricots. 5@6%c for Royals and
7@Bo for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7%<3>oc; sun-dried, 4%@6c; Black
Figs, in sacks, 2@2%c; Plums, 4%@4%c for
pitted . and 1%@1%c for , unpltted; bleached
Plums, 6<gs%c; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy: Pears,. 2%<54%c for quarters and 3@5%c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 2<ii24c for two-crown. 2%'f3c for
three-crown, 3si<33%c for four-crown, 4'/4c for
Seedless Sultanas. 2%c for heedless Muscatels
and $1&1 15 for London ■ layers; dried Grapes.
2%c. ;■'•■"• • . r.v.V;
NUTS — Walnuts, 3®4c for hardshell, 4@6c for
soft shell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell. 6@7c for
softshell, B%>ft9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
6%cfor Eastern and 4%c for California; Pe
cans, 6%<&Sc; Filberts, 9%<j?loc; Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per tn; Cocoanuts. $4 50(§5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, ,9@loc for bright and 6f7c
for lower "grades; water-white extracted. 64131
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5%c per IT).
BEESWAX— 24& 26c, per lb. ■
PROVISIONS.
The market continues quiet.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per Ib for
heavy, '9%c for ' light medium. 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12<g12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10%fiic; Cali
fornia Hams. 9%Q>loc; Mess Beef, $10 60 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; ynlt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear,
$17'g17 50; mess, $16; Smoked Beef. 12@12%-5
per.lb. . • :■'■■' ■J/i-.-i .'■■■;
Eastern, . tierces, ■ quoted at 6c per r>
for compound and 8c for pure; pails. $\>.-:
California tierces,' 6%c per lt> for compound
and 7c for pure ; half • barrels, 7^c; 10-lb tins,
8c; 5-lb tins. B%c. • ■ ~ .
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages
less than 300 lns-r-1-Tb palls, 60 In a case, 9',4c;
3-Ib palls, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, BHc; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c: -wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B We; fancy tubs. SO lbs n?t, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, • 7%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy saltcl
steers; 10% c; medium, 9%c; light, 9c; Cow
hides. 9%c; Stags, 6%c; salted Kip, 9@9%c;
Calf. 10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and
brands, 12'S'124c; dry Kip and Veal. 16c; dry
Calf. 18c: Goatskins, 274<g:30c: medium, 0O0;
winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each;
short wool,' 3iW4Oc each; medium, -60 80 c; long
wool. 90c@$l 10 each; Horsehldes. salt, $2i&2 50
for large and $I®2 for small; Colts, 50c; Horse
hides, dry, $2 for large and $1 for small; Colts,
50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 345? 3%c per lb;
No. 2. 2%<&3c: refined, 44<"<j4%0; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clips. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, 9@l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months", 9@llc; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', J>@loc; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12@14c; do, defective, 10@12c;
Middle county. 13@16c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 15@17c: Nevada. 10@14c; Eastern Oregon,
ID'S 12c; Valley Oregon, 15<gl7c.
HOPS— IS 97 crop, 9@12%c per It).
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%@6c; Wool
Bags nominal: San Quentln, $4 85.
Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, «$6: Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk and $1150 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle Gate.
$7 60; Coke, $12 per. ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks. v
CORDAGE— The London and New York mar
kets for Manila and Sisal are lower and the
speculators are reported ' selling. The decline
In New York is l%c In Manila and 3c In Sisal.
LINSEED OIL— lower at 44c for raw and
46c for boiled, In barrels; cases, 5c more.
LUOOL — Is lower at 39c for raw and 41c for
boiled in barrels: cases, 5c more.
LIVERPOOL SALT— Quoted at $22 50 for the
best and $13 50 per ton for the lower grades.
SUGAR — The Western' Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: - Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; : Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, fie; Dry Granulated, 5%c: Confec
tioners" A, 5%c; Magnolia A, 5%c; Extra C,
6%c: Golden C. sV*c: California A. 5%c per Ib;
half-barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes
%c more. ;
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale f rates for i dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows: •
BEEF— First quality,' 6%c; second quality,
6%©6 c: third quality, 4%®5%c per lb.
VEAL— 4(goc; small, 6@7c per Ib.
MUTTON— 7%@Bc; Ewes, 7@7%0
per lb. . •
LAMB— B@B%c per lt>.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4%@5c for large, 5%@5%c
for medium and 4 H<fiM%c for small; stock Hogs,
2@3%c; dressed Hogs, 7@Sc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, July 14.
Flour, qr sks ... 8.095 Pelts, bdls „ 116
Barley, ctls 1,450 Hides, no 160
Cheese, ctls ....'. : 186 Eggs, doz 15,810
Butter, ctls ; 377 Quicksilver, risk. 203
Potatoes, sks ... 2.672 Leather, rolls ... 171
Onions, sks .....' 513 Wine, gals 6,200
Hay. tons -. 498 Lime, bbls ■ .:. 600
Wool, bales ..... S3 Raisins, bxs ..... 46
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 4001 Oats, ctls ..'. 735
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Pete Johnson to Christina Johnson, lot on W
line of Buchanan street, 137:6 N of Union, N
27:6 by W 110; gift.
Jessie Clancy, Henrietta C. and Frank A.
Hlgby to Julia Smith, lot on N line of Cali
fornia street, 72:6 E of Walnut, E 32:6 by N
107:6%; $10.
Henrietta C. and Frank A. Hlgby, Julia and
Samuel B. Smith to Jessie Clancy, lot on N
line of California street, 40 E of Walnut, E 32:6
by N 107:6T»; *10.
Margaret Hogan to John J. O'Toole, lot on
SW line of Rltch street, 200 SE of Bryant, 8E
50 by SW 76; $10.
Bridget Corbltt to William H. Fifleld, same
(quitclaim deed); $10.
P. I. Frleden, Aloyslus Varsl. W. H. Fifleld
and Margaret Hogan (by John J. O'Toole, at
torney) to Douglass S. Watson, same; $10.
John J. O'Toole to same, same; $10.
A. C. Freese vs. San Francisco Savings
Union (by W. L. Harper, referee) to Douglass
C. Watson, same; $4750.
Joseph P. Llnahan to Christian Hansen, lot
on SE line of Clara street, 262:1 NE of Fifth,
NE 22:11 by SE 75; $2500.
Estate of Adolph W. Bode (by Martin Jones,
administrator) to Niels C. T. Larsen, lot on
NW line of Brannan etreet, 80 SW of Fourth,
SW 25 by NW 70; $1500.
Sebastian and Josepha Baumann to Anton
Baumann, undivided third of lot 5, block 12,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Gustave Joumier to Mary Joumler, lot on E
line of Chapultepec street, 200 8 of Coso, E 70
by N 37:6; gift.
Alameda County.
Amanda M. Wise, wife of P. F. Wise, to
Mary M. Cotton, lot 217 In plat 30. Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township: grant.
Victor Stanquist to Hanna Stanqulst, lot on
N line of Enclnal avenue, 600 E of High street,
E 60 by 110, being portion of Hlrschfeld tract,
Alamedar gift.
Warren and May L. Cheney to Charles S.
Brundage, lot beginning at a point In center
line Sacramento street, 200 S from point of in
tersection thereof with S line of Rose street,
S 152:4, E 191:6, N 152:4, W 191:6 to beginning,
being portion of plat 89, Rancho V. and D.
Peralta, Berkeley: $10.
H. M. A. Miller and J. D. McKee. trustees of
S. H. and Florence E. Metcalf, to California
Guarantee Investment Company, 556 d 125, lot
on \V line of Sherman or west street. 90:4>i S
of Francisco street, S 45 by W 120, being the S
45 feet of lot 1, btock 4, State University Home
stead Association No. *, trustees' deed, Berke
ley; $1300.
Margaretha Warnholz to Henry Warnholz.
lots IS to 24, block 2, Jessen tract, Berkeley
Township; gift.
George J. Earl to Annie Earl, lot on NE cor
ner Helen and B streets. N 100 by E 33 feet,
being lot J. block 799.) map of B street sub
division of Watts tract, Oakland; gift.
G. W. Reaser, Clarissa F. Hamilton and
Margaret L. Herriott, by commissioner, to
Union Savings Bank, lot on SW line of Hamil
ton place, 195.35 NW Oakland avenue, NW 30
by SW 90, being lot 30, Hamilton tract. Oak
land: $452.
A. E. Coplln to Charles N. Crittenton. lot
210, block N\ Beulah Park property. East Oak
land: $25.
Harriet F. Bush to same, lots 217 to 220,
block N, Beulah Park Camp Meeting Associa
tion, East Oakland; $100.
Thomas D. Rlordan to Addie A. Hatch, lot
on NE corner of Telegraph road (or Claremont
avenue) and Hudson street, E 473 by N 467:3,
block Q, Vernon Park, Oakland annex; $SOOO.
W. B. Heywood to El Dorado Ltnaeed Oil
Works Company (a corporation), lot on N line
of University avenue, 184:10 Mi W of Second
street, W 15:1 H. N 74.30 to line of State tide
land survey, thence S to beginning, Berkeley;
$350.
Stefono and Onorata Zerga to Rosa Albers,
lot on E line of Prospect street, 100 8 of Chi
cago avenue, S 50 by E 115, being lots 14 and 15,
block H. revised map of Prospect Hill Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $260.
Builders' Contracts.
Fred C. Douglass (owner) with Erik Boe«
(contractor and architect). All work for a 1%
story frame building on S line of Crescent ave
nue. 60 Wot Roscoe street, W. 63:10tt. S 80 de
grees 48 minutes 75:5. E 47:1. N 75. por
tion of lots 1, 2 and 3, Holiday map A; $1370.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Consolidated California and Virginia sold
yesterday down to 6 cents, the lowest price
ever touched by this stock. In the afternoon
the quotation recovered to 12 cents. The other
stocks were equally depressed.
The usual business was done In local securi
ties. Giant Powder declined to $46 25.
The Overman Mining Company haa re-elected
the old Board of Directors, with William Q.
Morrow as president, George D. Edwards sec
retary and A. Lackey superintendent.
In the Belcher mine during the past week
they have been engaged In building a chute
and In putting air pipe In the upraise from
east croscut No. 1 on the 1200-foot level. No
ore was extracted from the mine during the
week.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, July 14— 2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 51% —
Is quar coup..UoViinV4 Pac Gas Imp.. 85 —
4s quar reg...110 110% Pac L Co — 60
Is quar new... 124 125 S FG & E... 85V4 85%
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3 3*4
Tal-st Cab 55. 112 — Stock Gas .... 12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
2 C Wat 55... — 98 Tirem's Fund. 185 —
j Dup-st ex c... — 98V Rank Stocks —
!E L & P 65..125% — Anglo-Cal .... 55 65
iF&CI Ry 6a. 113 114 Hank of Ca1. .245 —
| 3eary-st R ss. — 100 Cal SD & T.. flß%loo
UC & S 5%5..100 105 First Nat 200 —
L A L Co 6s. — 100 Lon P & A.... 127% —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 15
! Market-st 65. .124 — N'ev Nat 8....155 165
Do Ist M 55.. 114 115 Savings Banks—
, Nat Vln 6r lsts — 97% Ser S & L.. — 1650
|N*CNG Ry 75. 103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
!N Ry Cal Cs.JOS — Mutual Say. — 42%
NRy Cal 55.. 102 102% B F Say V.. 480 —
n* PC R R ss. 100 — i* L 50.... - 100
Oak Gas 55.... 100 — Security SB. 260 —
Do 2d Is 55..105%109Vi Union T Co. looo —
Om Ry 6s 125%— ■ Street Railroad—
P & O 6s 110 — California .... — 103
P &Cl Rv 6s. 103 103% f>*nry 40 —
Powell-st 65. ..119 — Market-st ....52% —
Reno WLAL..IOO — Presidio 6 8
! Sac Elecßyas.loo — Powder—
S F & N P 55.106»4106*i California ....120 150
SierraßCal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... 85 —
SPof Ar 65.. 103% — rtlant Con Co. 4«>4 46%
3 P Cal 6s — 113 Vlgorlt 3 Z%.
, SPC Is eg ps.. 94 — Miscellaneous—
■ B P Br 6s — 116 Al Pac Assn.. 93% 94
i 3 V Wat 65...117\4118 CJer Ld Wks..llo —
I S V Wat 4». ..102 102^ Hana P C 0.... 11% 15
Stock Gas 65.. 100 — H C & S Co.. 22% 22 T 4
Water Stocks— Hutch- S P Co. 50Vi —
Contra Costa.. 60 B4 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
I Marin Co 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 98% »8% Oceanic S Co. 55 58
Gas & Electric— jPac A F L..... 1% 2%
Cent Gaslight. los — iPac Bot Co 100 104
Mutual El Co. 10 11 iPar Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Session.
3 Alaska Packers' Association 94 00
100 Giant Powder Con 46 50
14000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 102 25
20 Spring Valley Water' 98 25
$10 000 Spring Valley Water 4s Bonds 102 00
$1000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 115 00
i Street—
, $1000 S F A N P Ry Bonds 106 50 _
Afternoon Session.
10 Giant Powder Con 46 50
10 do do 46 75
5 do do 46 62%
X do do 46 25
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 22 75
25 do do 22 62%
i 75 do do 22 50
i 10 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 50
60 Vigor! t Powder 300
Street—
JSOOO S F & N P Ry Bonds 106 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
40 Market-street Railway Co 52 87%
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 60 75
Afternoon Session.
40 Spring Valley Water 98 25
35 Oceanic Steamship Co 65 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co 60 50
$4000 Spring Valley Water 4s 102 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the gales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 11 jIOO Ophlr 08
150 Con Cal & Va.. 07 100 Union Con 12
100 06 100 Yellow Jacket... 08
100 Occidental 65 I
Afternoon Session.
: 100 Challenge OS 100 Ophlr 07
i 100 Con Cal & Va.. in 200 Sierra Nevada.. 38
100 12
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN* HOTEL,.
L B^tsford. L Anff |L L Barrett, Cal
E H Fletcher. Mich H C Willis, Agnews
E J Holmes, Seattle P Walker, Oakland
E E Lynn. Seattle S Hansen, Armand
A Fllson & w, Mont II Gardner, Porterville
W H Oalton & w, Cal M F Barry, Oakdale
E Rhine. Clayton IT Coughlin. S Rafael
M Rhine, Clayton I X Qulnn, Cal
J Rhine, Clayton IW J Rickerby, Merced
S Rhine. Clayton L Fox, Denver
S D Palmer, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
D Leroy. Williams S Henery. Stockton
Lieut M C Genster, J F Stevenson & wf.
Angel Island. Cal Stockton
W Neuberger, Chicago U S A brains, San Jose
E M Shafer, Chicago C F Kretehners, N T
J F Levy, Chicago D Levy & wf, Ontario
S L Montgomery & W X Clarke U S X,
wf. Memphis, Term Mare Island
W S Walker, U S N, J E Sturart, Grans Val
Boston, Mass F C Steller, Dayton 0
H M Leps, U S N, PC Blago. Stockton
Grafton, W Va J Zimmerman. Stock'n
N Aforams. Hanford D N Davis, Sacramento
R Boumbaugh, Seattle J B Baxter. London
W S Rogers & wf. W R Davis, Leeds. Eng
Watson vllle H D .Tory, Cornwall
S A Alexander, Fresno J C Guilbert, Paris
D X Trask, L Angeles | Miss Young. Salt Lake
PALACE HOTEL.
F G Berry. Fresno W E Robertson, Or
F T Sutherland. Cal F Mollett. Seattle
J W Ballard, DC SB Hicks, Seattle
Mrs Came. Seattle A Rauh, N V
Miss Came. Seattle r Flint Jr & w. S Juan
C L Kurtz, w & 3 c, Mrs Lion & c, S Jose
Columbus Mrs G Lion. San Jose
J D Hooker. Los Ang G E Gossler & w, Pa
C C Reynolds & w.L G Long, San Jose
C C Reynolds&w.LAng W B Perk, N T
W L Reynolds, L Ang C Weir, Los Angeles
Miss Mb comber, L Ang F H Buck & w, Vaeavl
Dr H L Pace, Tulare H M Streeter, Rlversd
Mrs H L Pace. Tulare J C Can Eeten, Hollnd
Rev A B ONell. N B G E Goodman Jr & w,
A M Goldensen & w, Napa
Seattle J R Selfrldge, U S N
GRAND HOTEL.
J Thleber. Sacto D D Ollphant, Portlnd
J Nicholl & w, DutchF P Brady, Hanford
W Jordan, w & c, San H Walker. Portland
Jnse J W Berry, Portland
i A C Mell & w. GrassY A A Karg & w, Chgo
Mrs J McClatchy. Sac A H Langs, Gold Run
Miss E McClathy, Sac I H Alder. Colo
Dr Cameron&w, Berk E B Knight, Gridley
B Morton, Santa Cruz A R Tabor, Auburn
H J Curry, Martinez Mrs D Terry. Sta Rosa
! A Pennington, Cal R W Hill MD. L Ang
Miss D Foley, Alamda W J Lorlng&w. Angels
J T McKee. Platte S J Dake. Santa Cruz
E D Hoag. Fresno A M Erlckson. Martnz
J J Snyder, S Andreas C A Butler, N V
G H Monroe&w. Fres R ClarkeArw.Montlcello
J Smith. Salt Lake Miss M Riddle. Cohisa
J Edwards, NY E J Mann, Boston
Miss S M Baker. Oak A E Osborn & w, Eld-
Miss A S Baker, Oak ridge
Dr J Stone. Knights F W D Reynolds. S Rosa
C N Stewart. London Mrs W D Reynolds,
D Harris & w. Stock Santa Rosa
W R Rogers&w, S Dgo p J Ryan, Paso Rubles
T J Wilson. S Brndno H A Sherrlok. N V
J P Jacobsen. Seattle Miss Reynolds. S Rosa
A M Strong. Palo Alto J P Moran. Cal
W A E Moore. NY J Roberts. U S N
» ♦ »
SEDUCTIVE POWER OF OPIUM.
"The seductive power of opium la
well told by De Qulncy, but no man
who has not been a victim of the drug
can faintly comprehend its fearful fas
cination." said Mr. L. W. Malone of
New York, at Chamberlin's.
"Once I was hurt by a boiler explo
sion so seriously that the doctors
thought it impossible for me to recover.
To let me die easy they gave me opium
to allay the intense agony I suffered
every moment. Under its spell I was
in paradise — could see the most beau
tiful objects, talk with the lovliest peo
ple, ride the most magnificent steeds,
and, in fact, was in a state of such glo
rious enchantment that I seemed to en
joy the very quintessence of bliss.
"But by and by contrary to the prog
nosis of my doctors I began to mend,
and at last, when they saw I was des
tined to live, they began to gradually
shut me off from my beloved opium.
Then it was I began to suffer the tor
ments of the damned. I would beg for
it, cry for it, entreat, curse and
threaten, but the order was inflexible —
no more could I have. Gladly would
I have undergone the accident again
just for one dose of the magic medicine.
More than once I would plan — in sleep
of course — the murder of my attendant
for refusing me just a mite of what I
prayed for. In the whole category of
human woe there is no condition worse
than this." — Washington Post.
TEXTILE EDUCATION IN GEORGIA
At the last session of the Georgia
Legislature the sum of $10,000 was ap
propriated to the Georgia School of
Technology for the purpose of adding
a textile department to that institu
tion; but In order to make this sum
available it was provided that another
like sum should first be raised by pop
ular subscription, making the total en
dowment $20,000.
Since the action of the Legislature in
passing the measure above Indicated,
the trustees and friends of the Georgia
School of Technology have been tire
less in the efforts which they have put
forth to raise the requisite preliminary
sum. What measure of success they
have realized in this undertaking, des
pite the adverse circumstances which
operated against them, was announced
by President Lyman Hall when he
stated that the full sum of $10,000 had
been raised by popular subscription.
This means that the contingent sum
of $10,000 appropriated by the Legisla
ture last fall will be immediately forth
coming, and that nothing will now
prevent the speedy equipment of the
proposed textile department.
The elephant has no fewer than 40,
000 muscles in his trunk alone, while a
man has only 577 In his entire body.
THE CALL CALENDER.
July, 1898.
Sa.
Moon's Phuw
2
©Full Moon.
vX> July »
4
n
CL&at Quarter.
<& July ia
fO. New Mooa.
W July 11
24
O
tl
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Offjce, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any, Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), IT. S. N., in charge.
SUN) MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. '
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Friday, July 15,
Sun rises 4:59
Sun sets 7:32
Moon rises 1:57 a. m.
3:39
4:17
I 4:49
5:19
5:49
6:19
lH W
0:13
— «.:
— 0.
—O.i
— 0.!
—O.i
| 11:01
11:40
12:12
12:39
1:04
I:2S
L, W
6:49
2:'
3::
4::
4:!
5:1
6:
H \
l:i
8:54
9:36
10:16
10:56
11:35
4.
3.1
5.4
5.4
I 7
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
doy in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last ti<le of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydragraphic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chnnts' Exchange, San Francisco, July
July 14. IS9S.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
t. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From. Due.
China and Japan July 15
St. Michael July IS
Seattle iJuly 15
iTlllamook Bay (July 15
[Victoria & Puget Sound July lfi
Portland July 16
San Diego July 16
Humboldt July 17
IComox July 17
Tacoma July 17
[Departure Bay July 17
| Gray's Harbor July 17
Newport July 18
Panama July 19
Portland July 20 ;
San Diego July 21 !
Coos Bay July 20
IHumboldt July 20
Seattle IJuly 20
IVlctorla & Puget SoundiJuly 21
ICresoent City IJuly 21
IHumboldt 'July 22
Gaelic .......
Leelanaw ... ]
Willamette I
Ruth
Umatllla I
C01umbia.......
Pomona
0rizaba...;..... I
Bristol.
Mackinaw.:.....
Nlngchow .. — !
Signal I
H0mer...;....'...
Starbuck '.
State California
Santa Rosa
Arcata
Chllkat I
Czarina... '..
Queen I
Crescent City..!
North Fork...'.. !
Coos Bay
[Newport IJuly 22 :
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
I Pier.
I Pier 9
iPler 13
I Pier 11
iPler 2
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd.lJuly 15, 10 amiPler 9
Arcata Coos Bay July 16, 10 ami Pier 13
Coos 8ay...l Newport July 16. 9am Pier 11
North Fork'Humboldt July 16, 9am Pier 2
Chllkat ....Humboldt ...JJuly 16, 9am Pier 13
San Jose — [Panama July 18, 12 miPUSS
Columbia ..'Portland July IS, 10 amPler 12
Pomona — |Pan Dleg;o.. ..jjuly 18, 11 am:Pler 11
Orizaba — 'Humboldt IJuly 19, 10 amjPier 9
Curacao 'Mexico 'July 19, 10am|Pler 11
Homer [Newport iJuly 20, 9am!Plerll
I'matllla ..]Vic & Pgrt Sd.jjuly 20, 10 amlPier 0
Santa RosalSan Dlepo iJuly 22, 11 am: Pier 11
State of Call Portland jJuly «2, lOam'Pter 12
SHIPPING I\TF.I.I,I(,K\( 1..
- '. ARRIVED. '
-•• ■ Thursday, July. 14. ."
Stmr ' Curacao. Yon Helms, 13. days from
! Guaymas, via Ensenada and San Pedro.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlng-, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg. . . , • .
Stmr Gipsy, Gielow, 20 hours from Monterey,
etC. ..•;-■ . , - ■.■:■.■<-■..
,Tug Maggie, Ahues. 5 days 3 hours from Ne
halem., via Eureka 45 hours, with schr Dewey
In tow.
Schr May. Lewis, 40 hours from Eureka. ; ": : :
.Schr Maxim, Olsen. 20 hours from Caspar.
Schr Lizzie Brlen, Hansen, -4 days from Co
qullle River. :
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, 18 hours from Hardy
Creek. . .
Stmr Chllkat. 'i Anderson, 26 hours from
Eureka.
Schr Lila and Mattle, Fosen, 30 hours from
Usal.
Schr Frank A Rackliff, Kane, 204 days from"
Boston, via Gloucester.
Sehr Nettie Low, Wilson, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Schr Olga. Ipsen. Kahulul: Alexander &
Baldwin.
Stm-- Walla Walla. Wallace. Victoria and
Port Townsend; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. July 14.
Stmr Alameda, Yon Oterendorp, Sydney ria
Honolulu.
Stmr Fulton, Mclntyre, Astoria, etc.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Olspn, Seattle.
Schr Carrier Dove. Brandt. Port Blakeley.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Bowens Landing.
Haw hark Mauna Ala, Smith, Honolulu.
Schr La Chilena, Matsen, Fort Ross.
Prhr Rio Re"y. John-on,
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, AstorUt
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, Honolulu.
Schr Olgva. Ippen, Kahului.
Haw bark Santiago, Johnson. Hllo.
Abble F. Morris. Tlrrell, Mary Island.
Schr Bender Bros. Wetzel,
U S stmr Bennlngton, Moser,
RETURNED.
Schr Abbie F Morris. Terrlll, hence to-day,
for Mary Island, on account of carrying away
bobstay, off the heads.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT' LOBOS, 10 p. m.— Weather hazy;
wind west, velocity 14 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COQt'ILLE RlVEß— Sailed July 13 — Schr
Barbara Hernster, for San Francipco.
EUREKA— Arrived July IS— Stmbr Pasadena,
from San Pedro.
TATOC'SH— Passed out July 13— Stmr George
Passed^in July I*— Br bark Francis Fisher,
hence June 30, for Port Townsend.
SEATTLE— SaiIed July 14— Bark Harry
Morse, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived July 14— Schrs
Newark and Mary Etta, hence July 12.
HARDY CREEK — Arrived July 11— Stmr
Sunc-1. hence July 13.
SALMON BAT— Sailed July 14— Schr Glen
dale, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed July 14— Ship C. F. Sar
gent, from Nanaimo for Honolulu: bark Harry
Moree, from Seattle for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July 14— Stmr Oriiaba.
hence July 13. Sailed— Schr John A. for San
Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 14— Stmr Cxarina,
hence July: schr Golden Gate, from Townsend;
bark Mercury, from Dyea.
EVERETT— Arrived July »— Schr Alcalde,
from Redr.ndo.
EUREKA— Arrived July 14— Schr Laura Pike,
fmm Coos Bay.
Sailed July 14— Schr Allen A. for Honolulu.
GREENWOOD — Arrived July 14 — Stmr
FISH ROCK— Arrived July 14— Schr Albion,
hence July 9.
ASTORIA— SaiIed July 14— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco. ... -
EVERETT— Arrived July B— Schr Alcalde, fm
Redondo.
FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 13— Br chip
Chelmsford. from Tacoma; Ger ship H. Bls
choff, from Oregon.
FALMOUTH— Arrived July 13— Br ship Royal
Forth, hence February 23; Dan ship Jupiter,
from Oregon. _ ,
HAVRE— Arrived July 13— Br ship Clan Gal
bratth. hence March 14. '
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to July 13— Br
stmr Argyll, from Oregon.
NANAlMO— Arrived July 13— Ship C T Sar
gent, for Honolulu.
NEWCASTLE NSW— Sailed July 14— Chil
bark Rundaleer. for San Francisco.
PORT NATAL— Arrived July 13— Br bark
Tweesdale, from Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 14— Br ship
Milton Park, from Oregon; Br bar* Indian
Empire, from Oregon.
SPOKEN.
February 21— Lat •'• N long 129 W. Br ship
Hornby Castle, from Oregon for Queenstown. :
Jul/ s— Lat 49 N, long 20 W. Br ship Auck
land," from Oregon for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS..
LONDON. July 14— Br bark Tweedsdale, from
Portland, Or., arrived at Durham. Lost bul
warks and stanchions: lost a boat; forecastle
gutted; lost some pails.
CHARTERS.
The Drumblair loads mdse for Liverpool.
The Occidental loads coal at Seattle for this
port.
The Euphrosyne loads wheat at Portland or
Tacoma for Europe. 345.
The Lake Leman loads lumber at Victoria for
Valparaiso 445.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 14— Stmr Hekla.
from Copenhagen; stmr Germania, from Liver
pool.
I Sailed July 14— Stmr Patria, for Naplea; stmr
I Bremen, for Bremen: Araganla, for Stettin.
: ROTTERDAM — Arrived July 14— Stmr Am
; sterdam. from New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived July 14— Stmr Palatla,
: from New York.
! AMSTERDAM— SaiIed July 14— Stmr Wer
, kendam, for New York.
: LIVERPOOL— SaiIed July 14— Stmr Canada,
; for Bqaton.
I QUeSN'STOWN— Sailed July 14— Stmr Perm
! land, for Philadelphia; Cymric, for New York.
i Arrived July 14— Stmr Britannic, from New
York.
i COPENHAGEN— SaiIed July 14— Stmr Island,
■ for New York.
„ : -;• • \- ocsast : tbavxju. - : . : x ?. '. ' •*$
fHPHHBfII The S. S.MARIPOSA
[•8'MllI* ! ' alls via Honolulu and
[TKi"" w Auckland for Sydney
■ -^ —^-^ Wednesday, August 10,
n&MfllSnlD^ "Line To COOLGAR-
C7™L DIE - Australia, and
(OffIBaPH^CAPE TOWN '- SoutH
vi"'^' l^ Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1^ Steamers leave Broadwa>
• tßyi »_ •wharf, San Francisco.
' CTPftraafcv For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
1 fSPIWVife 3 ul i' 5 - 10 - 15 - :o - 25. 3 °. August
l&HMlJ&l *• transfer at Seattle.
tareSWjma For Alaskan ports (from
BBMa^fiflaai Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.. 4
r^^B^^aa July 17. August 4, 25, transfer
■"*iMTi at Portland. Or.
.■ .^» For victoria, Vancouver (B.
! C), Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
I Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
i m., July 5. 10, 15, 20, 25. 30. August 4. and every ;
1 fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
i this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
I Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.;
July 1, 7, 13, 19, 25, 31, August 8, and every '
sixth day thereafter.
For ■■ Santa Crux,- Monterey, San Simeon.
i Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
i Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
i Newport. 9 a. m., July 4, 8. 12. 16, 20. 24. , 2S.
; August 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
I For San. Diego, stopping only at Port Har-.
' ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a m.. July 2. 6. 10. 14. 18. 22. 26. 30. August 3, ■
i and every fourth day thereafter.
i For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
I Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa- ;
i Ha and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., July 19, .
August 14.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). „ „ „„ 1
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
BMPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P> O L .A. 3ST 3D
From Kolsom-strcet Wharf at 10 1. m. ;. :
CADE $12 First Class Including Bert*
IAIIC 68 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
I Columbia • July 2. 10. 18, IS
State of California .......... July 6, 14. 22, JO
I St. Paul $16 00 St. Louis $33 00
' Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 27 50 —
Omaha J!r?°j£L York 3100 -
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. lv
Superintendents. "
, ,—,, — ,
Compagnle Generate Transatlantics
French Line to Havre.
j Company's Pier (new), 42 North - rtrvtm
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers OfffTTN
: by this line avoid both transit by **■»*&&
i English' railway and the discomfort of crossing
I the channel in a small boat. New York to
! Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160-
i second clous. $116. - '
LA BRETAGNE July 23, 10 a. m
LA GASCOGNE July 30. 10 al m
LA BOURGOGNE Aug. 6. 10 a.' m
! LA NORMANDIE Aug. 13. 10 a. m"
! LA CHAMPAGNE Aug. 20. 10 a. m
i For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent. •. - . „, iIAX * .
No. - 3 Bowling Green, New York '
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. \
ANCHOR LINIT
United States Mail Steamships - -
j Sail from New York every Saturday fop
Glasgow via Londonderry. ,".
Rates for Saloon Passage— of Rome
other steamers, $00. , . . .^ -, •"•
I Second Cabin— Rome. $42 50; Furnessia $37 so-
other steamers,' $35. ■ .»-•«!.
Steerage Passage— Rome. $25 50: Furnessln
! $24 50; other steamers, $23 50. . *urnessia,
j For Book of Tours and information. at>Dlv tA
I HENDERSON BROTHERS. General Agents 7
j Bowling Green, New Tork; or J.F. FUGAZI*
6 Montgomery st. ; or L. F. COCKROFT 111
Montgomery St.; or R. R. RITCHIE. 1 New
Montgomery st., San Francisco. ■ 7 .
FOR O.S. lAYY-YARD AND YALLEJB. *
- . :. • Steamer "Monticelle." ; • \ |
Mon.. Tne«. Wed Thurs. and 5at..;..;...; ' 'ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MR. DALTON'S
AMBITIONS
Anxious for a Seat on
the State Board.
AFTER MOREHOUSE'S PLACE
RECENT ASSESSMENT BOLL AS
A CAMPAIGN DOCUMENT.
Storehouse May Have to Restore Ten
Millions That Has Been Diplo
matically Taken Off for
the First Time.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 14.
It Is now generally believed that County
Assessor Palter., who says he Is yet un
decided as to his political future, is anx
ious to succeed Mr. Morehouse in the j
State Board of Equalisation. Mr. Dalton {
has repeatedly stated that he floes not
know whether he will run again for
County Assessor Independently or
whether he will seek the Republican nom
ination. Everything now points to the
possibility that Mr. Dalton aspires higher
than any county office.
Six months ago a Democratic paper an
nounced Mr. Dalton editorially as a very
strong candidate for a member v/f the
State Board of Equalization, and local
politics, In ho far as Mr. Dal to Is con
cerned, for the past few months, have all
tended to strengthen this belief. The as
sessment roll recently completed for this
county is said to be one of the n«o-5t pio
nounced campaign documents ever com
piled by a candidate. It reduces the en
tire assessment of the county nearly 12 per
cent. This, of course, represents the
amount deducted from the holdings of
small property-owners. On th> other
hand, large properties have bdon in
creased, and the water front property,
which was taken from the rolls three years
ago. has now been returned to them, fcr
the same reason that It was stricken off
The • Supreme Court decisions covering
the water-front cases have not yet been i
interpreted by the local courts In accord
ance with the order of the Supreme j
Court, but It Is a good thing politically
to have It on the rolls at this time, and it
Is there.
The present member of the State Board
of Equalization from this county is L.
C. Morehouse. Mr. M .rehouse lives in
San Leandro and he and Mr. Dalton have
frequently clashed during the past four
years over local assessments. Mr. More
house Is a Republican and naturally his
vote in the State Board will decide the
fate of Alameda County's State assess- '
ment.
Should ho decide Alnmeda County is
no less valuable this year than during the
other three years of Mr. Dalton's adr
ministration ho may be forced to add the
ten millions to the roll for State equaliza
tion purposes. This would naturally be
taken advantage of by the friends of.
Palton to make Mr. Mori :.popu
lar, and the whole business is regarded
as a shrewd political move.
Mr. Storehouse's supporters are already
declaring that Mr. Dalton's reduction Is
to a great extent unwarranted. They as
sert that there are more improvements,
more street railroads, more docks, more
large buildings and in every way more
signs of progress than there were at any
time during- the punt f<>ur years. They j
declare th.tr were Mr. Dalton a Republl- j
can he would not attempt to discredit i
th* fact that times are better now than
'inder a national Democratic administra
tion.
The contest is very nicely balanced. On
one side is Mr. Dalton. Independent poli
tics, and the prospect of a reduction of
taxation; on the oth^r hand Is Mr. More
house, Republicanism, and the possibility
that he may decide that Alameda has
not become 12 per cent poorer under Me-
Kinley's administration.
BACKWARD OVER A BANK.
Two Women, a Horse and Buggy
Take a Twenty-Five-Foot
Tumble.
, OAKLAND, July 14.— Mrs. C. G. Yale
V and Miss Ethel Jerome had a serious ac
cident last Sunday that might have been
the death of them both. The details have
Just been made public. The ladles went
to San Mateo Saturday night to spend
Sunday with Mr. Yale, and Mr. and Mrs.
E. B. Jerome and Miss Nettle Yale were
in the party. On Sunday a drive was in
augurated, with Mr. Yale and Mr. Jerome
accompanying the ladles on wheels.
Something seemed to worry the horse
that the ladies were driving, and Mrs,
Jerome alighted to investigate. The
horse began to back, and Miss Nettle
Jumped out. In another instant the surrey
went over an embankment, turning som
ersaults, with Mrs. Yale and Miss Ethel
Jerome on the inside. For twenty-five
feet the outfit tumbled, and lodged in
some bushes at the bottom of the ravine
Mrs. Yale expressed the sentiment of both
the other ladies when she stated that she
was sure death had overtaken her in a
most horrible form. Neither of them ut
tered a scream or even a word.
The gentlemen scorched up to where the
accident happened, and disentangled th*>
ladles. Neither was seriously injured, and
the surrey was In a fit condition to carry
the ladles back to San Mateo. The horse
escaped injury. The women have suffered
from the nervous strain, but are able to
receive their friends' congratulations
upon their escape.
Luigi Dulcich Weds Again.
OAKLAND, July 14.— Luigi Dulcich, n
well-known Austrian of East Oakland,
who recently hnd puch a time In the
courts over the division of his property
after his former wife had secured a di
vorce, has taken unto himself another
wife. She was formerly known as Miss
Catherine Evans. She gives her age as
35. The proom is W. She- is a native of
Wales. At the time of his trouble he set
■Cp the de-fense that he had never
been married and proved the point
to the court's satisfaction. The daughter
secured a Settlement whereby her mother
secured a portion of the estate.
William Hart Passes Away.
BERKELEY, July 14.— William Hart
died this morning at his residence on the
corner of Rummer street and First ave
nue. He was 52 years of age and a car
penter by trade. It was while; working
upon a building In Temescal, some we»its
ago, that he suffered injuries from a fall
or over fifty feet, caused by a defective
ecaffoMlng. The injuries have proved fa
tal. The funeral will be held next Satur
day afternoon.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jgfl£tS&EWi^ ■ I w111 guarantee
Je^nSS/M?^. t^ i&t nay Kidney Cure
/^BiSgBgBal will cure 00 per cent.
«v of a " *°™» of kidney
«|f BW plaint and In
•S« man y lnstancei the
• F *ErF"'tf?gSp most serious forms of
V X^T Brlght's disease. If
A /**f&&i the lsease '■ com *
Jk»'*TwlflF plicated Bend a four-
ounce vial of urine.
"We will analyze It
1 y an d advise. you free
At all Ara«4it«. 20o. a -rial. Ocide to Health
I Miffitfilr^L < inii 1 MSi(M?iiiM*'!?-^. r 5 h J i J^' FhUa - •
ALMOST IN THE HAVEN.
Captain Johnson, a Pioneer Shipping Mil
lionaire, Is Beyond Hope.
OAKLAND. July 14.— Captain James Johnson, a wealthy pioneer shipping man
and Benior partner of one of the oldest firms on the. coast, is seriously ill at his
beautiful home on Claremont avenue and no hope is entertained of his recovery.
For forty-six years Captain Johnson has been engaged in the coast shipping
business in this State. Before coming 1 to the United States he was quartermaster
of vessels running between his native, country, Denmark, and Central America.
In 1552 James Johnson came to California and engaged in the Sacramento River
trade with schooners. He carried muwh of the material up the river for the rail
road company.
In IS7O he Joined his business interests with those of Mr. Emigh, who has ever
since been his partner. They entered upon an extensive warehouse, lumber and
shipping trade and owned four river schooners. Ten years ago the firm sold their
warehouses at Rit> Vista and confined their ventures to shipping, commission and
insurance in San Francisco. The firm now owns two coast vessels and has an
interest in seventeen others. The coasters are named. "Seven Sisters" and "Five
Brothers," which is the number of sons and daughters that have been born to
Captain and Mrs. Johnson. Eleven weeks ago Captain Johnson was taken sick
and he has steadily grown worse. His eleven surviving children are ail at home.
The physicians hold out no encouragement.
TRUSTEES TAKE
IT ALL BACK
The Water Ordinance
Yet Hangs Fire.
ALAMEDA COMPANY SCORED
CHARGED WITH DISREGARDING
THE PUBLIC NEED.
The Board bays It Is Powerless, but
Will Push the Movement
for a Municipal
System.
BEKKELEi, July 14.— 1t is no longer
a misdemeanor, punishable by fine, for a
resident of Berkeley to water his lawn.
The Town Trustees have refused to act
In the matter, for when the ordinance to
that effect came up for final passage at
a special meeting held this evening, not
one voted In Its favor. The clrcumctances
of the rase have changed Blnce last Mon
day, hence the reversal of the board's
previous deciaion. The Alameda Water
Company may still try t" enforce Us pol
icy of restricting Irrigation, but it will
pr^t no support from the Trustees In Its
•■(Torts to do so. Meanwhile household
ers who comply with the company's order
will see their gardens waste under their
f-yes; those who do not comply will have
to reckon with the company Itself.
In the meantime every effort is being
made to push the plans for a municipal
witter system, and from all prospects, If
the plan be feasible at all, It will be put
through before the present Trustees are
out of office.
The present attitude of the board
toward the water company Is due to the
investigations of Its committee. The
Alameda company advanced the plea
some time ago that It would be impossi
ble to connect its mains with those of
an Oakland company. The report of. the
committee shows the case to be quite dif
ferent. They find that another Oakland
company would be glad to sell its com
modity to the Berkeley corporation, pro
vided the latter were willing. It Is only
too evident, however, that the latter is'
not willing and the Trustees say they will
not order a restriction of irrigation when
there is an ample supply at the com
pany's very doors which they refuse to
take advantage of from mere whim and
caprice.
So, when President Richards called
the board to order this evening and asked
for the final passage of the ordinance
sent to print last Monday Trustees
Frame, Hoff and Maloney announced that
they had decided to change their votes
of the previous evening. President Rich
ards then put the final question and it
was received with a unanimous negative.
Trustee Bennett expressed the sentiment
of the board when he said: "It is clear
that our town is in a queer predicament.
Here we are threatened with a water fam
ine on the one hand, bringing with It
great loss of property and possibly death
by disease; on the other, we encounter a
corporation, abundantly able to supply
that necessary commodity, yet refusing to
do so, and over whom we are absolutely
powerless." He thought that the only
policy was to submit for the time being,
using the moral prestige of the board to
persuade householders to husband the
limited supply as much as possible. The
board decided to adopt his suggestion and
thus to drop the matter.
The subject of a municipal supply sys
tem was then Introduced and the commit
tee empowered to expend $2500 in conduct
ing proper Investigations as to the feasi
bility of the plan, and to employ compe
tent engineers and experts when neces
sary. * ______________
REPUBLICAN CLUB.
Meeting of the Young Men's Organi
sation at the New Wigwam
Last Night.
AXAMEDA. July 14.— The Young Men's
Republican Club held an enthusiastic
meeting last evening at the "Wigwam
which has been fitted "» tar them in tha
THE SAIST FKANOISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1898.
! Neptune Gardens. The club now has
■ over 100 names on the roll and new mem
bers are being constantly added. After the
, routine business last night speeches were
made by prominent members, including
Sam Frank. Charles Sturm and others.
, Each reference by them to President Mc
i Klnley and the prosecution of the war
I was received with applause. The club Is
i pledged to support Pardee for Governor
I and Oscar Rodgers for Sheriff and pro
poses to do some active work during the
| campaign. In a short time a public meet
i Ing will be held at the Wigwam which will '
!be addressed by prominent Republicans
] from this city and elsewhere.
Broke His Wriat.
ALAMEDA, July 14.— James O. Green
well, a 14-ye-ar-old boy living at 914 Eagle
avenue, fell from a fence yesterday after
noon while trying to walk along the top
rail, and sustained a compound fracture
of his wrist.
THE BRIDGE MATTER,
A Committee Appointed to Confer
With the Supervisors on Friday.
ALAMEDA, July 14.— A special meeting
of the Board of City Trustees was held
last evening to discuss the matter of hav
ing the Alice-street bridge put into shape
for use during the reconstruction of the
Webster-street structure. Resolutions were
adopted setting forth the necessity for
maintaining communication between the
two cities without any interruption, pledg
ing the city of Alameda to do i^s share to
ward payng the expense, and asking the
Supervisors to take immediate steps In the
matter. A committee cejnsisting of Trus
tees Brick and Schulte and Clerk Lam
born was appointed to Interview the Su
pervisors on Friday morning and un?e
prompt action. It was stated that an aver
age of 500 teams dally crossed the bridge
at Webster street, not to mention the pe
destrians, wheelmen and streetcar pas
sengers. •
ASSESSMENT FARCE IS
SLOW TO COMMENCE
NO CORPORATIONS HAVE YET
ASKED FOR REDTJCTJIONS.
Unless the Law Has Seen Changed
the Political By-Play Will Be
the Same as Last
Year.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 14.
All day long the Supervisors, sitting as
a Board of Equalization, possessed their
souls In patience because they had no al
ternative. 'With remarkable devotion to
duty they were all on hand at 10 o'clock
this morning, waiting to receive some of
the many expected protests from the
railroad company, water front company,
street railroads, water companies and oth
er large property-owners. But they came
not, and It Is rumored that many of them
do not intend to give any one a chance this
year to do politics at their expense.
As to the railroad company'B fights,
which have been a source of excitement
annually for the past three years, they
have been already settled. Each year
District Attorney Snook has advised the
Supervisors that the property in dispute is
assessed by the State Board and there
fore cannot be assessed a second time by
the County Board. Nevertheless it is put
on the rolls each year and as regularly
taken off.
There is no doubt that there will be
some application from the railroad com
pany to have property removed from the
roll, because should the assessments not
be contested before the County Board, the
State Board haa no jurisdiction over
them. Among these properties will be the
Seventh street franchise, the franchise
on the mole, and the local Berke
ley franchise. The railroad company
has pleaded each year that this
property is part of their main line sys
tem, and consequently, hot liable to local
taxation. District Attorney Snook has
advised the Supervisors that such is the
case and that they have therefore no op
tion In the matter. The State Board of
Equalization has held the same view and
will, doubtless, be appealed to again this
year. There are yet ten more days in
which the County Board can pass on ap
plications regarding assessments.
Secretary Davis Improving.
BERKELEY, July 14.— Secretary E. W.
Davis of the University of California Is
reported as improving. His physicians
no longer regard his condition as critical,
and they expect that he will be able to
leave for the country before very Ion?.
Dan O'Connell clears up a Sausa
lito mystery, in next Sunday's Call.
HURT PROUD
OF HIS RECORD
Gives His Opinion of a
Wyoming Shooter.
SCHAEFFER IS ON TRIAL
DRAWS OUT THE HATRED OF
THE CATTLE BARON.
Says His Wife's Present Husband
Is Not Worth Any One's
Risking a Trip to the
Gallows.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 14.
The man who is now married to the
mother of Cattle Baron J. J. Hurt's chil
dren waa In the Police Court this morning
for his preliminary examination on the
charge of assault to murder.
As Mr. Hurt wanted to leave this even
ing for his home in Wyoming his testi
mony was taken although the defendant's
counsel asked for a continuance. Hurt re
peated the etory already published of the
alleged attempt of Alphonso Schaeffer to
shoot him near the Sheriff's office on July
6. He said he was coming out of the door
and on looking around he saw Deputy
Sheriff White struggling with Schaeffer,
who had a pistol in his hand pointed to
ward the witness. He also heard Schaef
ftr say, "I want him."
Ujion cross-examination by Attorney
Woolner, Hurt Indignantly stated that he
had nothing against Schaeffer and that h%.
knows nothing about mm except a.s a tin
horn gambler, a thief, an ex-convict and
a general all-around tough customer.
"Didn't you threaten to kill Schaefter in
Wyoming*" asked Woolner.
"In our country we wouldn't kill a man
like him," Bald Hurt. "We wouldn't want
to hany for killing a thing like him."
Judge Allen told the witness that he
could answer questions, but that nobody
cared to hear his personal opinions, upon
which Hurt stated that the attorney
should show more courtesy if he did not
like his answers.
Hurt was then asked if he had, not
threatened to kill Schaeffer in the pres
ence of various parties, especially in the
presence of his daughter Josie.
"I did not," replied Hurt. "I did say
once that if this man Schaeffer ever
abused my daughter I would shoot him
through and through."
The witness' attention was then directed
to an incident in Wyomirrg when Schaeffer
started to lay a sidewalk in compliance
with orders of the City Board of Caspar.
Hurt remembered the incident, but denied
threatening to kill Schaeffer when tho lat
ter started in to put down the sidewalk.
He said he did not remember that Schaef
fer had anything to do with the sidewalk,
and denied threatening to kill him at that
time. When asked If he had not killed a
man In Wyoming Hurt replied that he had
and that he would do so again under the
samp circumstances. He said that he was
Justified in doing bo; that he had shot the
man three times and would have contin
ued shooting at him if he had not run
away.
This concluded the examination of the
witness, and at the rerpiest of defendant's
counsel the case was continued to next
Tuesday afternoon, at which time It Is
hoped Judf.' E. M. Gibson will be well
enough to appear.
LIBRARIAN PETERSON
SUED FOR DIVORCE
TROUBLES OF THE PAST TWO
YEARS TO BE EXPLOITED.
Annnda Brown and Lizzie Scott,
Who Have Reasons Why They
Want to Be Free Once More.
Ookland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 14.
Henry F. Peterson, librarian of the free
library, has been sued by his wife for di
vorce. For two years the troubles of the
Petersons have been before the public at
Intervals, and Mrs. Peterson has charged
her hupband with drunkenness and abuse.
On one occasion, while living at the Wil
son house on Fourteenth street, Peterson
created such a scene one night that the
Inmates of the hotel were aroused and
the police were summoned. Mrs. Peter
eon left her husband temporarily on that
occasion and since then they have not
been able to effect a permanent reconcili
ation. Peterson is a nephew of Miss Ina
I). Coolbrlthj whom he succeeded as City
Librarian.
Mrs. Amanda Brown, who has sued
her husband for divorce because he had
not been divorced a year when she mar
ried him, has filed an affidavit stating
that he Is willfully absenting himself from
this neighborhood so as to avoid service j
of summons. She has been given per- !
mission to procure service by publica
tion.
Lizzie Irving Scott wants to be sepa
rated from her husband, George Robert
Scott. They were married In Ran Fran
cisco seven yearn ago and Mrs. Scott
wants divorce, alimony and custody of a
three-year-old child on account of the
Intemperance of and failure to provide
on the part of her husband.
HULDA REBER DIES
FROM DIPHTHERIA
MOTHER ARRIVED ONLY TO
FIND HER CHILD DEAD.
The Little Victim Was Attending
a Special Demonstration of
Salvationists for Chil
dren.
-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 14.
Hulda E. Reber, a little child B years
old, died yesterday at the Salvation Army
camp at Trestle Glen of malignant diph
theria after a couple of hours' sickness.
The little girl was one of a number of
children who were brought over from
San Francisco to pal-take in the chil
dren's demonstration of the Salvation
Army. The children's home, whence
they came, is located on Russian Hill
across the bay. Soon after their arrival
in camp Hulda showed signs of convul
sions, and although a doctor was imme
diately procured, nothing could be done
to relieve the little sufferer, and she died
two hours later.
The child was being kept at the home
and supported by her mother, who is a
widow, and works out. As soon as the
child was seen to be seriously 111 an ef
fort was made to bring Mrs. Reber across
to Oakland, but she could not be found
In time, and long before she arrived her
little daughter had passed away. The
suddenness of the death created a little
sensation in the camp and some of the
campers at once moved their tents to a
new part of the glen. All tha clothing
of the infant was speedily burned to
avoid contagion and the remains were at
once removed.
Sunderland Will Come.
OAKLAND, July 14.— Rev. J T. Sun
derland of Ann Arbor, Mich., who has
been called to 1111 the pulpit of the Uni
tarian church, has written tho trustees
that he will accept the call.
The i:hurch waa reluctant to let their
minister go, but he insisted, and will be
here some time in August. He lg a pop
ular man, a writer of repute, a logical
speaker and a man of personal distinc
tion and attraction.
AUCTION SALES.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS.
31-33 SUTTER STREET.
Telephone Main 618 L
RECEIVERS' SALE.
THIS DAY.
FRIDAY JXJLT 15
Commencing each day at 10 o'clock a. m., we
will sell at the store formerly occupied by the
HOME SUPPLZ CO., 217, 219, 221 DRUMM ST.
The entire stock of Groceries, Hardware, Wil-
low and Woodenware, Klondike Outfits, Office
i Furniture, etc.
1 ITTFur particulars see Chronicle.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO., Auctioneers.
31 and 33 Sutter st.
WITHOUT RESERVE!
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD,
AUCTIONEER. 602 MARKET ST.,
WILL SELL AT PUBLIC AUCTION
By order of the Trustees of the Library Asso-
ciation of the Independent Order oC Odd Fel-
lows, at the association rooms, I. O. O. F.
building, corner Market and Seventh streets,
San Francisco, on
MONDAY July 18. 1898.
At 8 o'clock p. m.
And following evenings at same hour until the
entire library Is disposed of.
The remainder of the library, consisting of
about 10,000 volumes of standard literature,
comprising histories, biographies, travels, nat-
ural history, botanical, religious and educa-
tional works, naval and military treatises, the
entire series of San Francisco directories. 1850-
1897, novels, etc.
Also the fittings and furniture of the library,
etc.
Terms and conditions at sale.
The books can be viewed and catalogues ob-
tained at the library, at the office of the auc-
I tioneer and from JOHN W. ATKINSON.
23S Montgomery street, San Francisco.
•^""^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/WcEfe^a 025 IIKAKXY «T. Established
ftHfjESft ln IS -' i '* for treatment of Private
Wklix y^f .i-^'-s. Lost Manhood. Debility or
*«!"> S "«s"t*^a disease wearing on body and mindand
■?#£ I sj« Skin Dlifftses. The ilbctor cures when
fts)fjKii»£v^i otheiBfail Try him. Charges low.
v^-i-'/UjßattaSl <'««i > e«c«ii4ruiil«-«>«l. Call or write.
J»r. J. V. uIBBOM. Box 1957, 5 an Francisco.
MRS. FLOOD
SEEKS A
DIVORCE
Woes of a Prominent
Physician's Wife.
CRUEL TREATMENT ALLEGED
THE DEFENDANT USED HIS
FISTS FREELY.
Complainant States That on More
Than One Occasion Her Hus
band Beat and Severely
Bruised Her.
Dr. Philip H. Flood, a well-known
physician of this city, has been sued by
his wife, Ida L. Flood, for a divorce.. The
complaint was filed yesterday, and ex
treme cruelty on the part of the husband
toward his wife is named as the ground
upon which 'the action is based. The
marriage of the litigants took place in
Alabama in December of 1871. A short
time later they moved to this city, where
they have since resided.
Mrs. Flood in the complaint tells the
story of a most unhappy life as the wife
of Dr. Flood during the past six years.
Sho alleges that during her married life
her husband has frequently treated her
in a cruel, harsh and tyrannical manner,
and Is guilty of such conduct toward her
as rendered it unsafe and dangerous for
her to longer make her residence with
him, and, in consequence, on September
30 1597, she left him.
Many sjioiirtc charges of cruelty are
made by Mrs. Flood. On the 4th of July,
1597, she avera that her husband, after
upplying many opprobrious epithets to
her, struck her with his fist, blacking
her eye. Three days later, after again
abusing her, he used his nails, and se
verely scratched her face. He then
ceased his cruel treatment for a few days,
but on July 11, when Mrs. Flood was on
her way to a theater with a young lady
friend, Flood met her on the street, and,
after the usual volley of epithets, pro
ceeded to beat her, the result being that
she was severely bruised. Later her hus
band treated her in such a manner that
she became frightened and deserted him.
She says that since that time she has not
da rod to return to his home, and that by
reason of his brutal treatment her health
has been undermined and that she is now,
in consequence, suffering from nervous
prostration.
Flood is very woll-to-do, and in the
complaint his wife asks, in addition to the
decree of divorce, that he be made to pay
her alimony in a sum sufficient to support
her according to her station in life. Flood
owns property at 4: J »1 Larkin street, S4l
Ellis and 627 Ellis, valued in total at about
jr.O.OOO: and in addition has ether assets.
The court is requested to restrain the de
fendant from disposing of or incumbering
the property during the pendency of the
action, that Mrs. Flood may not be left
In want when the suit has been finally
adjudicated.
LESLIE BLACKBURN ARRESTED.
Drew His Revolver on Billy O'Brien
and Challenged Him to Lay On.
OAKLAND, July 14.— Leslie Blackburn,
the well-known politician and sergeant
at-arms of the Senate, was arrested to
night for drawing his revolver in the Of
fice saloon while quarreling with "Billy"
O'Brien, another politician. For some
time there has been ill-feeling between
the men, and to-night some parties
brought them together that they might
learn the truth from each other's lips.
Blackburn drew his pistol and told
O'Brien to arm himself, O'Brien said he
was not armed, and bystanders stopped
the. quarrel, after which Blackburn was
taken to the City Prison and chaTged
with disturbing the peace. Blackburn and
O'Brien had a quarrel and fight in the
6ame saloon some months ago.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, July 14.— West Berkeley
Republicans held a grand rally this even
ing in Sisterna Hall. Addresses were
made by Hon. W. R. Davis and Hon. 21.
C. Chapman of Oakland.
Professor Granvllle F. Foster has re
cently bceti elected to the principalshlp
of the new Union High School at Roadley,
Fresno County.
Mrs. Maude E. Harrington died yester
day morning at her residence, on Jay
street, near Telegraph avenue. The fu
neral will be held at the riliattuck-avenuo
' M. E. church to-morrow afternoon at 2:30
I o'clock.
Eureka Society Incorporates.
The Eureka Society for the Protection
of Children incorporated yesterday. The
directors are: Louis R. Goldbere, J. W.
Walton, E. L. Wadham. E. O. Schotter,
Dr. R. C. Brower, N. Fallck, Daniel S.
O'Brien, J. A. Waldteufel, Charles Neu
man, J. C. Irvine and C. w. Wilson.
Policy of the New America, by
Henry Norman, Special Commis
sioner of the London Chronicle, in
next Sunday's Call.
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Call
thrown off at their camp by sending nams and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
HAYWARDS.
. . IF YOU...
I' ■ % Are seeking for a de-
/Vv lightful and healthful
report for the summer
•4KSK^iZ,^Js^. months for your family,
TCjp^^pjpff not so remote from
'wrirfl PHfP^lwfi' town but that you can
L: 1 il uri 'i/kIAiRWVI] be with them without
" i> -1 neglectlD* your busi-
ness.
IF YOU ..... Are in search of a good
table and comfortable sleeping apartments
: only V/t hours' travel from San Francisco, with
; half hourly communication, day and evening;
IF IT IS .... Your wish to confine
J your summer's outing by a moderate outlay,
I your attention is directed to
Haywards Park, at tha Terminus of the Oakland,
San Leandro and Haywards Electric Railway.
OK IF YOU . . Are food of tenting,
here you will find a large number of commo-
dious platforms arranged convenient to the
hotel dining room, on one of which you may
erect your tent.
A choice musical programme Is rendered
every Sunday afternoon on the verandas of the
club house. The cars of the company run
Into the park. The monthly commutation rate
Is only $5; room and board, $8 per week; board
for campers, $5 per week. Campers ana room-
ers have the rame service from attendants.
Address MRS. DORA SHANE. Haywards
Club House.
MAGIC I A • ■■:'•
IJ^S CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing in
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens;
the great stage ride: delightful coast excur-
sions; novel outdoor sports; dancing; pyrotech-
nics: water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND and splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
campers.
Full Information, rates, illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal.
SABATOGA SPRINGS.
Lnlce> County, Cal,
Curative powers of springs and miners! baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. - A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
\ of access; telephone connections and daily maiL
i Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or In San Francisco. 418 Pin* street. I*,
j A. BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters .
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
; Paraiso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market st.. S. F.. $8; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for *?oltdad.
For terms and free pamphlet address K.
ROBERTSON. Manager.
i 01/ A f^PO HOT RINGS, Sonoma Co
\afl Si II On 'y "4 hours from 8. F. anil
! UllraUUU but 9 miles' staging; water*
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate: good trout
streams at door; photographers* room: tele-
1 phone, telegraph, daily mail; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; mornlnjr and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tlburoa
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 8:30 p. m. Terms. $1 at'
! day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of tha i
past three years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
. INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Trucke* In t;." heart of th« Sierras and sur- I
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The ideal spot for families because it Is i
clean, no poison oak. no pests. And pure air i
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM- i
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde- J
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
"""S REST and HEALTH
ORGHAROSPRINGS
Io the foothills of the Sierra If vadas, nsarCulfax, F.R.i:,
Plain, (inlet rftreat, tinrst scenery, water, monataln air,
fruit, and all the year ironnd climate la California.
Idrtl grounds and mrrotndlnft. On R. E., ISA mllei fr*m Fran.
$8 a week. Open all year. Send for Rootlet.
Address: Orchard Spring. Chicago Park, Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering placa is located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con- j
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trio
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, 110.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDINO. Manager.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OP NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, eta
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS
Tepid Swimming _ake. Long-distance Tele- '
phone. Telegraph, . etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, fit and $15 per week: $2 and $1 60 per
day. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated In the heart of the redwoods, four !
miles from GlenwoiAi, County of Santa Cru».
Magnificent mountain scenery; elevation 1900 !
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma- ,
tism. Climate . unsurpassed for pulmonary !
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piano, !
etc. Cottages for families. Stage line 50c,
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest
scenery Is to be seen of this and other counties.
Address L. PERHACS, Qlenwood.
uau/* r*rv springs,
HOWARD PUTAH P.
IIV/ ▼▼ nalVlLf LAKECOUNfY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates. $8 $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
Round trip, $19. Southern Pacific office, til
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
_ _ |
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious limate; pie- |
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pur* !
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best - advantages for !
those who need to obtain comfort, rest , and
health | culture In • a short - time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium. St. Helena. . CaL --,^-- :
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from | Cazadero, on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance "• for parties of two or
more; grand ledwood scenery. Address -J.
LUTTIUNOER, Sea view. Sonoma County, or
.apply IS. K.KUSE. 207 Front at,, S. F.. tot par-
ticulars. •< . . .
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINO3.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEIj AND COTTAGES.
PAir> ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
nTf OAKLAND,
3th and tJefferson sts<
t^iS^ l^^HMd Only 35 minutes
i"^ uVifiwifi^W^ from San Fran-
Jfrfß&£ r )iJJVKiJ**j A Desirable Summer
**&™±l£!^ and Winter Resort for
Families, Travelers
R. M. briarb, Prop, and Tourists.
HIGHLAP SPIES,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs In America; all kinds of amuse-
I ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
; ing alley. First-class accommodations: rate*
j reasonable. Write for Illustrated pamphlets.
> San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery street.
' Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
MARK WEST SPRINGS
■ The most picturesque resort In California. Has
the only grapevine arbor In the State; a va-
r iety of mineral springs, such as Soda, Sul-
phur, Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath;
swimming pool; billiards, shuffle-board, cfoquet
- and other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round-trip $3 75. Stage meets
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
GENSEN.
Ths Place for f\ TJ g*\ TJ A T3 Ti In * he FOOT-
RESTand "** W* AnJLi hills . «*.
HEALTH SPRINGS i§|
Plain, Quiet Retreat, Finest Scenery. Water,
Mountain Air, Fruit, and all the Year
Around Climate In California.
I Ideal groundt and surroundings. On R.R ,'3 6 miletfm S.F.
$8 week. Open all year. send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River.
i hours from S. F., 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz: grounds and river lit by electric lights:
i tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
i finest hall and dlning-TOom in Santa Cru«
Mts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New.
i hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
j phone and telegraph service. Round trip. $$.
Address THOMAS L. BELL. Prop.. South Ben
I Lomond.
I LOVELY BEN LOMOND.
Park House and cottages. New management.
' ; Fine grounds. Fish pond, boating. Grand scen-
j cry. Solid comfort. Fresh milk and fruit. Livery
connected. $8 week. R. H. BANFILL. Trop.
' Mi &■&% 0% No staging to get there.
' / H^IU/i no * ogl mosquitoes cr
AjLj LIfICJI winds when you ar»
A * there. Table unsurpassed.
Rates ClO, $12. $14 a week.
ty • Round trip tickets $7. W.
VtH^tiiTC L - Mitchell, Manager;
jpnngs Za&rsr* AKent - caii
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS,
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6003 feet. .
I Dally mall. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer. Pl*eer Co.. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDBON BROS.. Be»-
wlck. Slsklycu County. Cal.
Ur.ftrtil I ITfIT And good treat-
UUUII LULU ment go hand la
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN.
Lakeport. Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL,
Eotiuma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via rib-
nron ferry- Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled tna refur-
nished. Water, gas, electric bells. Hates {111 to
$12 per week, $2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS, Aqua Callente, Sonoma, Co..
| Cal. -
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
.- Natural attractions without limit. Pleasant
walks through shady canyons. Hunting and
fishing.' Table supplied with fresh vegetables,
! fruits, butter, milk and eggs. A delightful,
! country home. Free conveyance at depot: $7
per week. JOHN D. WINTER, Cloverdale, Cal.
TO the country we go— will meet you at
the depot: good accomodations; desirable lo-
cution; terms $7; children $3 60. E. M. SHEL-
FORD, Pleasant View ranch. Cloverdale, Cal.
V^lSE^rS^S*nM *" c ** ' 9 a n °n-po!.«ononi
■<^^Ss**^KJg remedy for Gonorrhoea,
€OKE6r\SB Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
1 #^SndTin Ito sda.vi.V,j "hi unnatural dls-
Ju/ Oiiranucd \Q charges, or any iuflamma-
Mcb|f Dot io itrlctart. tioa, irritation or uK< ra-
Ig— jyPrefenu couufion. tlon of mnc o v a niem-
U?Bj\rHEEv»N3CnEVinilf!». brancs. Non-astringent.
i I^\OINOINNAT!,O fflffil S°l*S ° 1 * "*' Urn *Sr |s
TjfjinL C. S. 'jPii or Ben * ' n Plain wrapper,
A*-'"v-"3fc>w J^®'»l by express, prepaid, • fal
#5 4^C f i ?^23!3*2' *>*ti 1. 00 - or 3 I'ottlca, ?2.73.
.j» B olroui*r *»ut oa request.
xfS^DEWEXSTRONG&CO^!^
X- J
-. %S^33o MARKET ST. S.F.^>SSS^
1112
H. H. HASKELL PLUNGES HEADLONG TO DEATH
TOGGLES TROTS
IT IN 2:10 1-4
Lowers Oakland's Track
Record.
MAMIE GRIFFIN'S GREAT HEAT
GREATEST FxELD OF TROTTERS
EVER RACED WEST.
Resort and Much Better Have Ea
Wins — Silver Queen Beats 2:20.
Notes and Gossip of the
Track.
Toggles smashed the Oakland record for
trotters in the free for all yesterday, but
he had to do some lively work at the end
to beat out Colonel Henshaw's magnifi
cent mare Mamie driffin.
The time— 2:lo^4— lowers Toggles* old \
record considerably, and timed alone he !
made the circuit in li:(W\, a* he was back j
at the word "Go." Mamie led away, i
Zombro, the favorite, breaking at the
turn, and the quarter was :32 1 , 2 . "She
will never live that clip," remarked a by- j
stander as Ed Dennis chalked up the !
quarter. But at the half it was 1:04%—
faster than any of the pacers to date —
yet she led. Zombro went fast to the
head of the stretch, when Billy Donathan
pulled out of the rail position and tried
for the heat from the outside. Toggles
clung to Mamie Griflln to the short Hag,
and It looked cither's heat, but nearing
the wire the gelding forged ahead, and in
a last effort to win out Sullivan drove the
black mare to a break. Toggles is a won
der, and no mistake, for he trotted the
last half In 1:0*%, and had a real trotter
to beat before he got the money, as
Mamie is good and game always.
The first enthusiasm of the meeting was
manifest when they returned to weigh
out. Zombro was favorite at 4to .">;
Toggles quoted at .'? to 2. Mamie Criflin
at :';. Ethel Downs at .', and (.'lay s at a
like figure. The auctions sold Held 7,
Zambro 5. It was the best lot of trotters
ever lined up for the word in the West.
Only one before approached, and that was
ut Chicago In 1*93. in the Columbian $15,000
free for all. Saturday the same trotters
m*»et In a two in three, and Monterey
(2:1314) will doubtless start with them.
The State trotting race record is Ottinger's
2:09%, and it shows how they are trotting
the Oakland track this meeting. Not a
breath of wind was astir, and Hilly
Fieldwlck worked the track to concert
pitch. The betting was heavy.
Aside from Toggles' gnat victory, Presi
dent Knight's pretty mare Silver Queen
covered herself with glory by defeating
Iran Alto in 2:10^ 1" a rattle on the
stretch. Nellie Bly was favorite at 4 to 5,
JUMPED FROM A THIRD STORY WINDOW.
In a Delirum Caused bu Descondencu He Committed
Suicide.
HAHRY H. HASKELL, In ft fit of do- '
lirium, leaped from the third-story
window of his home, on the south
west corner of California and Web
ster streets, shortly before midnight on
"Wednesday, sustaining injuries which
resulted in his death. The cause of
the act is attributed to despondency.
brought on by sickness and the lack of
employment, which weighed upon his
mind ever since his discharge from the j
California Woolen Mills, just prior to
their close some months ago. His pa
rents say that ever since that time he
has never been the same mentally, and
the state of delirium in which he was
during the past four days previous to the
accident was caused by this execessive
despondency and a natural illness. For
the past week It was found necessary to
administer opiates to relieve his pain, and
it is probably duo to the continual ad
ministration of this drug that caused the
demented condition of the patient, which
prompted the determination Wednesday
evening of relieving himself of pain and
anxiety by taking the fatal leap from his
bedroom window.
In the sane moments that would com"
at intervals to the afflicted man during
the delirium he begged that an attendant
would remain constantly with him, as he
feared in a moment of insanity be would
be tempted to take his own life. The re
quest was granted and a nurse sent for,
who, together with the young man's
father, kept constant watch at his bed
side.
Through negligenece or fatigue, the
nur.se. immediately before the accident
occurred, had allowed herself to recline
on a lounge In the farther end of the
I but landed fourth— next to the last. Sliver ;
i Queen Is one of the busiest trotters one
ever paw, and will yet reach 2:15. She :
! trots without checking and can step it off ;
: a 2:10 gait when steady. Brooks kept Iran .
Alto on tiptoes all the last end of the heat |
and drove him a splendid heat.
Resort won easily in 2:17%, Lady Mar >
garet, the midget pacer in Durfee's stable, i
securing place honors over Don in a drive. ;
' It was just a workout for Resort and the
pace early in the mile being moderate the
big fellow had plenty left on which to fin
ish. He was 2 to 5 in the books and sold j
in the auctions at 10 to 5 for the lot.
Much Better won. her race comfortably :
in 2:15*4 each heat. Abdine got the place !
the first heat and in a lively homestretch
sprint in the second Fitz Aymon landed in •
second place and thus got third money.
Charles David had speed but was un
steady. Much Better was 1 to 2 and 1 to 3 ;
and few played it save for place and shov.
money. Bunch never spoke to her and she I
showed capacity to border on 2:12 condi- :
tions being favorable.
The last event went to the black mare
Lindo in 2:19%. and the followers of the er
i ratic little mare Polo lost a lot of money.
Polo made a standstill break nt the far
turn and hasn't cauhgt as yet. Thomas H. 1
by Dexter Prince, paced a great last half
j and secured the place. Captain Hackett j
; was once more an incendiary and a lot of
! good coin was burned up on the big son of
j Steinway. Sullivan nor any one else can
i win with him the way he acts at present.
On the train and boat the Toggles mile
j was the sole topic of discussion and it was ]
j predicted that Saturday's winner must i
I lower the State record, so it must be a
| race worth going miles to see. Sullivan
I thinks Mamie Griffin will be better after
; yesterday's great heat find knows she can
1 shade 2:10. Billy Donathan breezed Zom- |
, bro a quarter at a 2:02 clip and the way he
I finished showed he can surely beat 2:10
i right now. It is sure to be the best lot of
| trotters ever rung out in California and j
I the winner will be decided by Inches a f
■ the wire if they get to the distance stand
without breaks.
To-day's entries give promise of a great
i day's racing. Summaries:
FIRST RACE. '
Special for named trotters, mile dash.
I Sliver Queen, Ij. m. by Silver Bow (W. Hogo-
I boom) l
j Iran Alto. b. h. by Palo Alto (J. Brooks) 2|
■ Harvey B, b. g. by Son of Anteeo (T. Cam- |
i pion) 3
i Nellie My and Don Roberto also started and
■ finished In that order.
Time— :34%, 1:10%, 1:45, 2:19H-
Betting: Auctions— Field ?6, Nellie Bly $5.
Books — Silver Queen even, Iran Alto 3 to 2,
Harvey li 4, Nellie Bly 4 to 5, Don Roberto S.
SECOND RACE.
I 2:30 class, pacing, mile dash.
Resort, br. g. by Hawthorn (W. Donathan).. 1
j l*-idy Margaret, b. m. by Star Sultan (W.
Durfee) 2
Don, b. h. by Falrose (W. Masten) 3
Roderick also started.
1 Time— :34, 1:07V4. 1:42%, 2:17%.
i Betting: Auction*- Resort $10, field $5. Books
1 —Resort 2 to 5, Lady Margaret 6 to ,S, Don 4,
Roderick 7 to 5.
THIRD RACE.
! 2:20 class, pacing, mile heats, two In three.
Much Better, b. m. by Charles Derby (C.
P. Hunch) 1 1
Abdine. b. b. by Wilkesdale (H. Holmes)... 2 3
KHz Aymon, bik. c. by Waldsteln (M.
Hurburt) 4 2
Charles David (W. Donathan) 3 4
Time, first hent— :3Hi. 1:0. , i/,, 1:39V4, 2:15%.
Second heat— :32, 1:08%. 1:40, 2:10>4.
Retting: Hooks, Jlrsl heat— Better 4 to
5, AbUlne 6 to 6, Charles David , > to 2, Fitz
; , Aymon 2. Second heat— Much Better 1 to 8,
1 Flti Aymon and Charles David 8, Abdine 2.
Auctions— Much Better and field even; after
| first heat, Much Better $10, field $4 60.
FOURTH RACE.
• j Free-for-all, trotting, one mile dash.
i | Toggles, br. g. by Rtrathway (C. E. Clark)... 1
: < Mamie Griffin, blk. m. by Blackbird (James
M Sullivan) 2
, i Zombro, br. h. by McKlnney (W. Donathan).. 3
THE SAN" FBANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1898.
room, thtr.klner that her patient was
soundly slopping, and that there was no
occasion for her to remain up longer, as j
Haskell'a father could undoubtedly at
tend to whatever call his son might
make.
A f"w moments before midnight Has
kell awoke and asked his father for a
drink of water, which upon drinking he.
asked for another. While his father was
gone to secure the second plays young
Haskell Jumped from the bed, and open
ing the window sprang upon the balcony
Immediately below, from where be leaped
to the sidewalk, a distance of over fifty
feet, carrying a r^rt "f the railing of the
balcony with him. The nurse, who had
been aroused by the cries of the young
man's father. 'made a feeble attempt to
save Haskell from carrying out his deter
mination of suicide, but before she gained
the window her patient was lying, appa
! rently a corpse, on the street bfelow.
They rushed downstairs and found that
the man was still living, but unconscious.
He was lifted up and taken into the
bouse and Dr. Stansfield of the Lane Hos
1 pital summoned.
After a careful examination the physi
cian found that the skull of the injured
man had been fractured on the stone
sidewalk, and that he was probably se
verely Injured internally. Concussion of
the brain immediately Bel in as a result
of the fall, and after lingering in an un
conscious Mat' 1 until 3:30 o'clock yester
day morning the injured man finally suc
cumbed to the effects of the fall.
Haskell was 34 yean of age and leaves
a widow and two childen. A formal ln
quest as to the exact cause of death will
be held in the early part of next week,
after which the body will be shipped to
Sa-.ramento for Interment.
' Aster, Ethel Downs and Clay S also started
and finished In that order.
Time— :B2H. l:0i%. 1 :."!«'-!. 2:10 v;.
IvttiiiK: Auctlona— Field $7, Zombro $5. Books
—Toggles 3 to 2, Mamie (irlflln 5 to 2. Zombro
, 4 to J, Aster 5 to 2, Ethel Downs 5, Clay S 7.
FIFTH RACE.
j Special for named pacers, one mile dash.
I,!ndn, Mk. m. by Strath way (H. Hellman)... 1
: Thomas H, br. h. by Dexter Prince (A. T.
'■■ Jackson) 2
Captain Hackett, b. k. by Steinway (J. Sulli
van t 3
I Polo alpo started.
| Time— :3s, 1:09, 1:45. 2:l!>V4.
Betting: Auctions— Field 18, Captain Hackett
' r.. Books— Lindo 4 to 5. Captain Haekett 3 to 2,
Thomas H 2, J'olo fi to 5.
TO-DAY' S ENTRIES.
First rare, 1 p. m., match race, $50 a Bide —
CnmpalKner vs. Illustrious.
Second race, 2:1". clasF, paring, one mile
heats, two in three— Rex Alto, Primrose, Del-
I phi. Peanuts, Be&cbwood.
Third race, 2:30 class. paelnK, one mile dash—
Polo, Mark H, Captain Hackett, Gaff Topsail.
Lollta.
Fourth race, 2:27 class, trotting, one mile
heats, two In three— Nellie Bly, Dr. Frasse
Vinella. Lady O.
Fifth race, three-year-old trotters, one mile
', dash— California, Maud Murray, Lottie, Lyn-
FILED HIS ANNUAL REPORT.
License Collector Bonnet Informs the
Supervisors What He Has
Accomplished.
IMconse Collector Theo F. Bonnet filed
yesterday with the Supervisors a report
of work accomplished in his office during
the past fiscal year. He states that 60,758
licenses were issued by his office during
that period, netting: a total of $53T),057 75 in
fees.
Of this amount $378,875 was collected
for city and county licenses, and devoted
to the general fund. Other amounts col
lected were: Special fee fund. $34,836;
municipal licenses, general fund, $91,137 50;
Street Department licenses and fund. $30.
£3y 25.
In his statement Mr. Bonnet says that
the revenue received from railroad com
panies has been increased during the year
to the extent of $2080.
ANOTHER REDUCTION.
Southern Pacific Meets Competition
on Wine Bates.
The Panama steamship line and the
Canadian Pacific by their freight cutting
have forced the Southern Pacific to lower
the tariff on wine In wood for carloads
The old rate to Chicago. St. Louis and
Missouri River and points common there
with was 75 cents per hundred pounds.
This has been lowered to 60 cents by
the Southern Pacific Company and ap
plies to carload shipments from all points
in California to the above mentioned
points.
« » «
Henry W. Chapman writes on
How to Succeed as a Salesman, in
next Sunday's Call.
Nevill's Hearing Postponed.
The case of George H. Novills, charged
with sending obscene letters through the
mnlls, was called before United States
Commissioner Hcacock yesterday morn-
Ing, but as Mr. Nevllls Is confined to his
bed by illness it was laid over until Au
gust 4.
Dan O'Connell clears up a Sausa
lito mystery, in next Sunday's Call.
HE ACCUSES
THE FATHER
Domestic Troubles of W.
T. Plunkett Aired.
UNSOLICITED INTERFERENCE
ANSWER OF THE HUSBAND TO
HIS WIFE'S CHARGES.
He Says That All His Domestic
Unhappiness Has Been
Caused by Norman
Parrlsh.
The answer to the divorce complaint
filed by Mrs. Cora Plunkett promises to
be as Interesting and salacious as the
complaint itself. The young and stalwart
nthlrte has many denials to make and
some new matter which he is determined
to Introduce as a cross-complaint.
William T. Phmkett, lawyer, school
teacher and football player, was not the
usually careless, smooth-sailing young
man yesterday, but one with a grievance
in his heart. He is i.etermined to oppose
the action of his wife and make her prove
the charges in the complaint. He alleges
that that document is false in every de
tail and colored beyond a shadow of the
truth.
The cause of all his marital Infelicities
he assign's to a modelling spirit on the
part of his wife's father. That he did not
live happily with his wife, he says, was
due to tho Interference of her parents,
who advised her in obstinacy and rebel
i lion. The San Jose episode, he aaerts, is
a tissue of lies, as set forth In the sensa
tional complaint. Plunkett said yester
i day: "I did not send my wife to San
j Jose to rid myself of her presence. She
i wished to go' there and I permitted it.
I Why I even escorted her to the train.
The" first blow she dealt me was then.
As she was about to board the train she
I told me sh<» did not intend to come back.
', I was astounded, and asked her for an ex
1 planation. I wrote to her, wanting to
i know when she Intended to return. I cm
i not think that her actions were prompted
I by her own will, but by her father's per
suasion. He was at the bottom of the
whole matter."
The incident of the woman in the room
receives a different interpretation as ex
plained by Plunkett. Continuing, he said:
"The woman who was in my room was
Mrs Alice M. Lewis, a cousin of mv wife*.
She was brought into my rooms for tho
first time by my wife herself. When my
! wife her sister, Mrs. Root, and her father
' burst into my rooms t v ;ey found me pack
; ing my trunks. Mrs. Lewis was assisting
me atthe time. She came there to inquire
about my domestic troubles and to see If
phe could not be of some assistance in rec
i onclllng me to my wife. When Mr. Parrish
broke Into the room he applied the vilest
' epithets to Mrs. Lewis and he was si-
I lenced with much difficulty."
The charge of brutality in the complaint
1 grieves Plunkett most poignantly. To him
it is an indication of the intense hatred
the father felt for him. He says he never
1 treated his wife but In the most affection
ate way until her own actions, induced by
hrr father's interference, drove him from
■ her
When Plunkett married Miss Parrish
he was a student at the Law School, and
■ her father, while not openly objecting to
; thf union, put every obstacle In the way
! to its consummation, he says.
Plunkett will file his answer to-morrow.
THE SCHMIDT
WILLEY WEDDING.
One of the smartest weddings this sum
mer was that of Mrs. Georgietta Stevens
Wllley and Frederick P. Schmidt whlcn
took place last evening at Delmonlco's,
the entire top floor and banqiiet-rnom be
ing reserved for the wedding. The decora
tions were uniquely beautiful and during
the evening the orchestra discoursed
chnrming music. The bride is daughter of
Mrs. L. M. Stevens, and the groom, who
Is the son of the capitalist, John A.
Schmidt, has lonp been connected with
the firm of Scott & Magner. The impres
sive ceremony was performed by Rev. J.
A Emery rector of the Church of the
Advent. After the bridal tour of two
weeks throughout Northern California,
the happy pair will return to town and
take up their residence at the Hotel Stew
art. The guests present were: Mr. and
Mrs. A. W. Scott, Mr. and Mrs. A. W.
Scott Jr., Mr. nnd Mrs. J. A. Schmidt. Mr.
and Mrs B. Meyer. Mr. find Mrs. Pren
tice Mr. nnd Mrs. McKay, Miss E.
Schmidt. Mrs. T,. M. Stevens, Miss Ger
trude Stevens. Miss K. Meyer, Miss Ryan,
Mrs. Ware. Mr. and Mrs. "Wright, Miss
L Tillson. Miss G. Bartram, Mrs. J. A.
Ralph Miss A. Ralph, and the Misses
Campbell, Joseph Magner. Julius Morton,
Hugo Herzer, Sidney Robertson. Frank
Stevens, Edward N. Avers, Frank Som
ers. Harry Stokes, Orsen Huested, Henry
Dietz and Fred Gordon.
Tried to Smuggle Cgarsi.
The steamer Curacoa arrived from
Mexico yesterday morning nnd after
pnssing quarantine tied up at Broadway
wharf to allow her passengers to dis
embark. During the excitement of dock
ing a pack was thrown from the stern
of the vessel to the dock, and when pick
ed up by a customs Inspector was found
to contain about 500 cigars. A squad of
deputy Inspectors was put aboard to
make a thorough search for other con
traband goods and the steamer proceed
ed to Selhy's, where she will discharge a
cargo of ore.
Policy of the New America, by-
Henry Norman, Special Commis
sioner of the London Chronicle, in
next Sunday's Call.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, July 14.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 22 hours from Albion,
via Point Arena and Stewarts Point.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 13 hours from
M»>ndoclno.
DOMESTIC PORT.
FORT BRAGG--Salle«1 July 14— Stmr Co
qullle River, for Snn Francisco.
6AIN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Frandsoo
Call, corner of Market nn<" Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery atr««t,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
887 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; "*~n until S.JO o'olock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corper Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission «<reet: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
T~H]fY~are~closlng out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarna, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, calico, muslins, linings,
rhocs. towels, flannels, etc., very en*ap at the
Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
THE orphans and half orphans admitted Into
St. Francis' Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum
since January 1, IS9B. to July 1. IS9B, are aa
follows: Orphans— Jessie Hawkins 7, Mary
Kelly 7; half orphnns— Anna Madden 8. Mary
Pratra 7, Anna Pratra 2, Eneptl Pratra 4
(male) Mervyn Rooney 3, Leo Rooney S, John
Rooney 6. Anvedeo Vetera 6 (male), Vlcto-
reen Holland 3, Elisa Holland 2, Louisa Hol-
lniul 4. William O'Connor 3. Mary Strong 7,
admitted December 31. 1597.
BAD tenants ejected for M; collection* made;
city or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 6SSO.
MME. DE LA FONT; returned: 122 lost »t. ;
room 9, second floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15/4 Turk and 1118 Market, ran 18-16.
CLARA NORDLINGER. alcohol batha and
matMKC. 101 Eddy «t., room It.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. <t * a '
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- (JSP
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS lUI
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock,
Order of Red Cross. All fratera are courte-
ously invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com. j
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder. __
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection mlll^
No. I— Regular meeting THIS (FRI- ,
DAY) EVENING, July 15, at 8 o'clock. A
D. 13. JG^
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary. %__»
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- v <ry v
ian Club THIS EVENING at S 3V, tkO/'J
o'clock, Scottish Hall, 111 Larkin st. TlkXEi? '
JOHN REID. Chief. **_7%
JAMES H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
ISLAM Temple, A. A. O. N. H. S., will hold a
special session on SATURDAY EVENING,
July IC, at 8 o'clock. Visiting nobles are '
most cordially invited to be present.
C. L. FIELD, Potentate. ,
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholder* of The San Francisco
and San Joaquln Valley Railway Company !
will be held at the office of the company. No. |
821 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal., on TUES-
DAY, the 19th day of July, 1698, at th» hour
of 2 d. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
DIVIDEND X~O_~icll_.~
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Dividend No?~B7~(_lft>
cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market at., on ana
after Wednesday. July 20, IS9B. Transfer
books win close on Thursday, July 14, 1898
at 3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON.
. Secretary.
DIVIDEND ..otlce— The Nevada National Bank
of San Fran -co— A dividend (No. 1) at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum has been
declared for the half year ending June 30,
payable on 15th lnst.
Transfer books will be closed from 10th to
loth lnst., both days Inclusive.
?• . D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco, July 6. IS9B.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class se-
lect help. 535 Market st.: phone Clay 13(1.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
A NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
work; $10 to $12; reference. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
best of references ; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED German second girl desires situa-
tion; city or country; or as nurse; references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; references.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT cook desires situation in board-
ing house or hotel. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
RELIABLE girl wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework In small family; city or sub-
urbs. Call or address "31 Geary st.
COMPETENT t-irl wishes a situation; cook
and houseworK; city or country; city refer-
ence. Apply at 114 C Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes position at gen-
eral housework. Apply -for two days 257
Clementina st., off Fourth.
NEAT young lady wants situation as chamber-
maid. Call at 1114 Steiner st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework, wait on
table or plain sewing. 348 Second aye., Rich-
mond District.
SITUATION wanted by competent girl to do
housework and cooking. Call at 3911 A Sac-
ramento st., near First aye.
YOUNG lady for general housework and cook-
ln«r: best of references. Call — address 522
Ivy aye.
GIRL from the East desires a position in a
restaurant or to assist waiting; Oakland or
city. Call 974 Folsom st.
GENERAL housework by Protestant girl. 521
Minna st.
BWO young girls want places to do general
housework and cooking; have reference. Call
1405 Pacific aye., forenoon.
YOUNG German girl, good cook, wishes situa-
tion; cooking or general housework: $25; beet
references; German family preferred. Call or
address 636 Minna St., grocery.
POSITION by a lady with a daughter as
working housekeeper: no objection to children
or country. Address MRS. J. S. DAVIS, Sta-
tion C, San Francisco, Cal.
DRESSMAKER of experience in ladles', chil-
dren's and tailor-made suits will accept en-
gagements In families or rooms; terms mod-
erate. 1321 Devlsadero at. -
GERMAN woman to do general housework or
keep house; good plain cook, $10 to $12 a
month; city or country. 207 Eddy st., near
Taylor.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation as
general houseworker; city or country; 2 years
best references. Apply 919 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG lady from the East desires a position;
a 3S cloak model or as model for merchandise
photographer. Box 543, Call office.
YOUNG widow Just from the East wishes po-
sition as housekeeper; city or country. 223
Post St.. room 5.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman
to do housework; city or country. Call' at 759
Mission st.
RESPECTABLE working housekeeper: no
trlflers. Call afternoons at 1382 Market st.
YOUNG German woman would like to do
housework. Call at 2959 Twenty-fourth st.
YOUNG lady desires position to do general
housework. Address box 536, Call office.
STRONG Swedish girl wants plain washing or
housecleaninjc by the day. 1331 Fulton st.
SITUATION as COOk; would do general house-
work; city or across the bay. 2124 Howard st.
YOUNG woman wants work as cook or house-
work. Call 61 Capp st.; no postals.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do general
housework and cooking. Address 1309 Stock-
ton st.
LADY of ability and education would take
charge and do morning work In lodging
house for the rent of 3 housekeeping rooms.
Box 254. Call office. __
SITUATION wanted round a place by elderly
man to do chores and make himself useful;
understands care of horses, garden and can
milk: reference. J. C, box 76, Call.
I WANTED —Situation as gardener, care of
horses, etc., by middle-aged active man; first-
class recommendations; wages moderate.
Gardener, finx 156, this office.
j WANTED— Position as housekeeper In small
family by lady with a child; good home more
object than wages; no objection to country.
Address M. A., Call Branch. 106 Eleventh st.
YOUNG lady desires position to assist book-
keeper; small wages; object practical knowl-
edge. Address M. A., 106 Eleventh St., Call
Branch.
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
t work in small family. L. X., 419 Stockton st.
COMPETENT, trustworthy person wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper or any position of trust;
good cook and seamstress. Address L. M.,
box 5. Call office, Oakland.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
YOUNG man wishes a situation of any kind:
good driver and understands horses; city or
country. Box 517, Call office.
POSITION as collector or porter In wholesale
house: cash security. \V.. box 188, Call office.
YOUNG German, 23, who does not drink nor
use tobacco In any form, desires steady po-
sition as Janitor, choreman or as general
worker In store; 3 years in charge of a
school building in the East; best of recom-
mendations. Address CARL MOSS, 661 How-
ard st.
POSITION wanted by a young man as up-
holsterer or carpet layer In a hotel or lodg-
ing house. Box 544, Call office.
CITY drummer wants side line. Apply VER-
NON. box 646, Call office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry-
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st.,
wanted to-day— Waitress, Lake Tahoe, $20;
waitress, Santa Cruz, $20; waitress. Fresno,
$25, free fare; waitress, Fresno. $20. free fare;
•waitress, Cisco, $20; waitress. La Honda, $20;
2 waitresses, city, $20; 2 experienced dish-
washers for Portland, Or.. $22 50. free fare;
resort cook, $35; house girl, small American
family, $20; 20 house girls, city and country,
$15, . $20, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. - • ■
SECOND girl, country, *25; see lady here 10:30.
,MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, country, $30: no wash; see lady here.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES. $20 each: chambermaid and
wait 1 meal, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
; NURSE, institution, $10. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. - ■
1 TWO chambermaids, hotel, references;- paint
- cleaner; S cooks; 10 general girls. 313 Bush.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
LAUNDRESS, small hotel. $20: 6 waitresses
and chambermaids. $20 and $22 50; cook, Ger-
man style, $25; French seamstress, . $25; 2
cooks, small sorts, $20; and girls for cook-
Ing and housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st.
3IRL to make herself generally useful in label-
Ing-room. MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, 40
Geary st.
GIRL that understands operating on Singer
machine. Apply Trunk Factory. Seventeenth
and Folsom sts. / , • ~
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' under-
skirts; steady work. 547 Market st.
3IRL to assist In light housework; small fam-
ily. 14138 Mason st.
GOOD finisher on custom coats; call early. 737
Market st.
GIRL to assist at housework; can sleep at
home. 430 Eddy.
GERMAN girl for general housework In small
family. 2621 Mission St.. near Twenty-second.
NEAT young German girl for general house-
work. 1100 A Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— laundress on ladies'
work. Address box 331. Vallejo.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 1812
Fell st.
LEARN dressmc ng and millinery; position*
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell' s. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutttns School. 107* Market
it.; perfect fit: no trying on; trial free.
WANTED— GirIs and ladies to learn "Rood's
magic scale dress cutting system" completo In
10 days; open evenings; good pay. 207 Taylor.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— FREE fare It's free Free fare.
364 laborers and $1 75 day.
Teamsters jl 75 day.
Free fare , Free fare.
345 more men to Arizona
10 laborers, city Jobs $175 day.
10 brick-yard laborers $175 day.
MURRAY _ READY 634 and 636 Clay St.
$3 day, found Hay-balers $3 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 63G Clay st.
A— GANG eilgennan, $40, found; 2 spool tend-
ers. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
A— LOOK Walters Look.
14 waiters for different places in city and
country hotels and restaurants, $30, $25 and
$20, found: pantryman, $25, found. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— LOOK Cooks Look
25 cooks for different places, $55. $45, $35, $30,
$23. found; 5 dishwashers, $30, $25. $20, $15,
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
A— LAUNDRY help Laundry help.
v ironers 3 starchers, washers.
markers and distributor, $2 day; $30 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— STABLEMAN, country Job, $30. found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— PAPERHANGER, $2 50 day, city, private
Job. MURRAY & HEADY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
— BAKER for a country shop, "fare paid, "
$45, found; baker's helper, young man, $20,
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
A— BLACKSMITH helper, $1 50 day, country
shop; laborer who can do a little blacksmith-
Ing, $26. found. MURRAY _ READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
A— SAUSAGE maker; steady; good city Job.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— DISHWASHER for mine, $30, found. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
— COOK for a delicacy store, $35 and found;
neat young man. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay St.
A— s3o Per month and found $30
6 laborers around a large land leveling and
filling plant; no experience required; fare,
35c. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
A— TO the beautiful Santa Cruz Mountains.
10 men wanted
to build roads in the woods, $26, found. MUR-
RAY & READY. 63* and 636 Clay St.
A— s2 50 DAY wages $2 60 day.
Special by telegraph Special
114 laborers(no experience requlred)for differ-
ent positions around a great mining syndi-
cate's plants, etc. (no underground work); |
wages from $2 50 day; special reduced R. R.
rates to this mine. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— TO farms to orchards.. . t ... to dairies !
26 farm, orchard, vineyard hands and milk-
ers, $30. $2«. $25, $20 per month and found: 5
choremen for farms. $20, $15, $12 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— WOODCHOPPERS Woodchoppers.
125 men to cut pine, redwood and oak wood,
$2 25 $1 50, ■$1 cord; tools and cabins fur-
nished. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 638
Clay st. .
A— lsc, 10c and 9c EACH tie
118 tlemakers wanted at once; tools fur-
nished. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
ANY plain waiters $25, found;
to put food on tables and continually fill up
large dishes en tables for a mine. MURRAY
6 READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
...AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st...
WANTED TO-DAY
For Alaska Skaguay railroad j
steamer sails this morning, laborers and j
rockmen, at 30c an hour, special reduced
rates, call and see us for particulars
7 more loborers for the coast road, to go this
morning, free fare, call at office 7 o'clock
with blankets, free fare
100 teamsters, 2 and 4 horse, and laborers for
the Valley. Stockton and Visalla roads, free
fare: we ship every day free fare i
40 laborers for a large mine, no experience j
needed, for men to work around the mine.
wages from $1 60 to $2 50 a day, board $15 a
month, steady work the year around, reduced
fares ■
spool tender, $35 and found; pondman, $30 and
found, still water; gang edgerman. $45 and
found; 4 barkers and buckers, $35 and board..
4 rough carpenters, steady work. $30 and
found; ranch blacksmith. $40 and board:
milker, $25: vegetable gardener, $25 and
found; 14 farmer?, $20 and found; German
farmer, $20; chnreman, $12
second cook, country hotel, $50; extra cook, |
country hotel, $2 a da'- and free fare both i
ways: Italian cook. $55; coffee house cook, $35;
night cook. $30; fry cook. $40; second cook,
$10 a week; kitchen hand, $6 a week; third
cook, country hotel, $40; butcher, hotel, $40...
night waiter, coffee house, $30; 4 waiters,
country hotels, $25: waiter, restaurant, $10;
lunchcounter boy, $20; club waiter, $40
5 more colored waiters with dress suits, $25; |
6 colored waiters, same hotel, north, fare
paid, $25; 2 waiters, cloth Jackets, for a sum-
mer resort, $25. fare paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
— First-class couple- to take charge
of bath house; see boss here; man and wife
for resort, $40. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Miner, $40; carpenter for mine. $40;
ranch blacksmith. $35; driver for milk wagon.
$25: 2 woodchoppers, $1 25 cord; farmer and
milker, $25: farmers for Napa. and Santa
Cruz Counties, $20: laborers and others. Ap-
ply to to J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Butler, $40; head waiter nice
hotel, $25; 8 restaurant waiters, city and
country. $30 to $40; 6 hotel waiters, $22 50 and
$25; cook for miners, $30; hotel and restau-
rant cooks, kitchen men and others; second
cook for resort. $40. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Blacksmith for ranch, $40 and
board; blacksmith, shop near city, $2 per
day; 10 laborers about mine, $1 75 per day.
steady Job, half fare paid; 6 furnace men for
mine, $2 per day, H fare paid; 5 laborers
about furnace In mine, no experience re-
quired, $2 per day; 12 farm hands near city.
$20, steady Jobs; Scandinavian or German to
work about saloon, $25, board; French meat
cook, $50; lunch cook country, fare advanced.
$55; and others. W. D. EWER & CO., 626
Clay.
WANTED— Farmer with California experience
to take charge of a small ranch north, mining
county, $25 to $30 a month; steady work.
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st. ■;.--, -;\ ■■-;
WANTED— 2 butlers, $40; waiter, first-class ho-
tel, $25 and found; waiter, French restaurant,
$30; second cook, $60; French cook. $60; cool?.
$35; dishwashers, $20 to $30; Indoor servant.
$30; boys. $10 and found; Frenchman to as-
sist In confectionery. $20; man and wife for
private place, $40. ANDRE'S, 816 Stockton.
2 QUARRYMEN, $2 a day; 2 granite-cutters, $3
a day; lumber pller, country, $26; boss planer-
man, $2 25 a day. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-
610 Clay st.
COACHMAN, $40, country; see party here.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
__________________________ _______________
A MAN to make beds; $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 825 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS butler: $40. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter.
2 EXPERIENCED fruit buyers; bonds re-
quired; large salary and commission. 313 Bush.
SALESMAN for wholesale liquor house; cur-
tain salesman, understand hanging curtains.
313 Bush st.
BOOKKEEPERS, clerks, salesmen, skilled me-
chanics get satisfactory positions at 313 Bush.
DRIVER laundry route, own team; window
dresser and cleaner; woodworker. 313 Bush.
NIGHT porter, country hotel. $20. HOTEL
GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— Experienced driver for milk route
In city; good wages paid; city references re-
quired. Address box 40, Call .office.
BARBER wanted for Saturday at 1211 Market
st., near Eighth.
BARBER wanted. 633 Clay st.
GOOD waiter wanted. 106 Second st.
BOY to wash dishes. 521 Montgomery.
"WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, JIT Third St.; 160 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
HELP WANTED— Contlnoed-
BOYS wanted to give out circulars. Call, to .
12 or 6 to 7 at 1223 Geary st. {
YOUNG man to learn barber trad';. 1542
Market St. __^ ~
PLUMBER'S boy helper. H. HUFSCHMIDT.
623 Golden Gate aye.
A NEAT lunch waiter. 248 East st.
MAN with $50 to go to Portland and Join ad-
verti.-er in light, profitable business there.
Apply FRASER. SO9B Mission st.
YOUNG man wanted to learn the veterinary
profession: wages |20 per month; $50 premium
required. Box 535, Call office.
WANTED— Third hand baker. 40 San Pablo
aye., Oakland.
SEAMEN and ordinary for deep water and
coast. Shipping Association, 10 Steuart St.,
upstaire.
MEN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College, 138& Eighth st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Barnard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764^4 Mission,
men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
soling. 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and II
week. Llndel House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
FRANCES E. WILLARD, founder of th»
world's W. C. T. U. : Childhood, Religious
Development, Travels Abroad, Answering Ar-
menia's Cry, Character Studies and Memorial
Addresses: secure territory: outfit 50c. Call-
fornia Educational Bureau. Stockton. Cal.
WANTED— Lady agents; pleasant work; rapid
seller; good inducements. Apply between Z
and 6 p. m. at room 140S, Claus Spreckels
(Call) building.
POSITION wanted as traveling agent; well
known over Nevada, Montana and T tah;
speaks English and German; bond if required.
Box 548, Call office. -■- -.;;■■■ '
RESPONSIBLE reliable Intelligent solicitors
for a well-known line of goods of merit; good
pay for good workers. Call room 313, Em-
porium building.
AGENTS— Lady canvassers wanted; good talk-
ers; big commission. Call bet. 11 and 2 o'clock
at 1223 Geary st.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— housekeeping rooms for 3 adults;
state size and furniture. location and price.
Address Roomer, 1' I oil. Call office.
3 OR 4 unfurnished rooms, bet. Ellis and Sut-
ter. -Leaven worth and Market. Address box
610. Call office.
EXPERIENCED teacher of voice culture will
exchange lessons for a large sunny room for
studio; Western Addition. Box 235. Call.
FURNITURE WANTED.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandlse. 1057 Market st.; tel. Jessie 32.
LODGING HOUSES for SALE.
H. C. DECKER,
1020 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE FIFTH.
14 rooms; elegant furniture; cost $2200 $1300
40-room house; only $150 cash 450
14 rooms on Powell st. ; new 750
14 rooms! transient; clears $150 1400
26 rooms on Mission; new 1500
60-room house; corner 1600
22 rooms; near City Hall 500
18 rooms on Post st.; clears $100 1001
36 rooms; clears $200 1600
60 rooms: clears $100; only 750
42 rooms; elegant corner; clears $100 3500
22 rooms; new and good: $300 cash SOO
10 rooms: a rented; business street 300
H. C DECKER,
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
A— lo ROOMS; rent $30: Golden Gate ave.s 300
22 rooms; fine sunny corner 1400
32 rooms; clears $200 monthljr 2500
44 rooms; fine for transients: part cash.. IROO
25 rooms; near Baldwin; cheap 600
26 rooms; transient: best in city 1500
18 rooms: sunny corner: a snap..... 650
11 rooms; Van Ness aye. ' 275
62 rooms; rent $80: come quick 1500
J4 rooms; good transient house; O'Farrell 1200
22 rooms; new; near T1v011....' ;.. 950
22 rooms: rert $70 650
46 rooms; Market st. ; clears $200; cheap.. 1250
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st. (L. W.
Rogers, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
A— KREDO & CO. — 22* Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
110 rms: best $4650 13 rms; clears $50.. .5850
48 rms; Geary 2000 11 rms; good 400
25 rms; Post 1550 1 9 rms; Leaven w'th. 275
20 rms: very best 1600) 9 rms; Jones 450
14 rms; Eddy 850 1 And many others.
Many of the above part cash, balance time.
BEST 12-room transient house exchange for
small flat; cash difference. KREDO & CO.
FURNISHINGS of 15-room house; all full: In
400 block; rent low; everything good condi-
tion: a special bargain, $650. THE REY-
NOLDS CO., 408-404 Examiner building.
CORNER house: fine location: new furniture;
15 rooms; all rented: bargain- owner leaving
town. Address box 555. Call Office. /■> /
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $3
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
tame as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stetnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house-
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEAUTIFUL piano, $135; Sterling, $175; Vose.
$200; 47 more: all must go during July and
August: investigate before buying. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, Chickerlng agents, 16-18-20
O'Farrell st.
WE Invite critical examination: new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary St..
cor. Grant aye., Conover agents.
SOHMER &■ CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; Bee our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early If you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
A— s3s: FINE-TONED piano, first-class condi-
tion; must sell. 1361 Folsom st., cor. Tenth.
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos: wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights, $75 up:
rents, $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 18 McAllister
Ft., next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O-Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
MONTGOMERY, f.27. Co . Clay— until 9:39
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlons and want ads taken.
~~ " HORSES.
j _~^^~..^~.-^^^
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds: 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons bu^eles
carts -,,,, , . 8: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 823 Harrison st
SPECIAL ale of harness and vehicles Lie"!
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln. opp. city Hall.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW/ ~~
ADVICE fre»; divorce law^aTpe^altyTprt^atr
no fee without success; collections a w
HOWE, atty-at-law, S5O Market, cor." Stock^n"
A V! w^^vi:^ox:^: BMa^r8 Ma^r^ Bt^ esB^
, ALL private law cases, insolvency, collections."
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe. 103Lark"£
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckela bldg 927~M»^~
_ket |__ consultation free; no fees In advance
A gKgl.- ii r< £ ~~ I '«»~matte™7 T. fT
ST.V K. 14 M.-Alllster st. ; room 64.
LOST.
B T?£?«,°V 2 w eys - Rf>turn
Third andJHoward_st3.._and receive reward'
.PHYSICIANS^ -- ...-■ -'s > BUSINESS CHANCES.
$fiO;.O— INTERF.ST in beer bottling "association
-• leading brewery; this share clears above
$•>> per month; a rare chance; owner Is •en-
gared In other enterprises and cannot attend.
Particulars WILKE. 845 Market st. ■
$600— CofiNER Grocery and bar in the very
•choicer business location; connected with 5
living rooms and doing a rushing cash busi-
ness. lr.uVt be sold at once; sickness cause
for it; investigate and make your oner. Call
WILKI ■• . Market St.
$500— RESTAL'KANT and chophouse; doing a
first-class paying business; close to Market
an.l East sts.: low rent; Investigate; owner
must leave at once and no reasonable offer
refused. Call on R. G. WILKE, 846 Market.
A— $1000; SALOON in the very best location.
Western Addition, doing a lust-class paying
business; owner engaged in other business;
must sacrifice; not all cash needed. WILKE,
M.". Market si.
A— s4oo; PARTNER in first-class paying busi-
ness, on Ki'urny st., near Market, clearing
eat.il>- $2.'.0 per month; no opposition; a rare
chance. I-'or particulars, WILKE, 846 Market.
OLD ESTABLISHED 1 saloon in choicest
down-town location, with building; long leas .
doing a first-class paying business; other en-
gagements compel owner to sacrifice. Parti-
culars \\ ILKE, 545 Market st.
$600— CORNER saloon In wholesale district: es-
tablished many years anil liolng a good pay-
ing business; owner must leave for ihe coun-
try at once. Call WILKE, 545 Market st.
$1200— CIGAR store and stationery, on Market
ft., near ferries; first-class paying; low rent;
■ a genuine bargain; Investigate at once; a
rare chance. \\ [LKE, aC Market st.
$150— DOWN-TOWN saloon near Kearny st.:
well fixed up; more than value in sight;
great bargain ever offered M. LESS, 765
Market St.
$225— CORNER cigar store In good business lo-
cation on Kearny St.; gooil chance for buyer;
must be sold. M. LESS, 76i Market St., up-
posite Phelan building.
$£60— MILLINERY store In good country town;
has new stock ana good fixtures; living rooms
in rear. M. LESS, 765 Market St., rooms 3-4.
$400 — BRANCH bakery, cigar, notion store;
south of Market st . 4 living rooms; no op-
position; present owner there six years; do-
Ing well; must be sold at once; party going
East : great bargain. M. LESS, 766 Market.
|400 PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
of staple - is teady man required. Mc-
■» LAUGHLJN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$3000— BAZAAR, plumbing and tinware busi-
ness; stock worth the prW asked: selling
on account of departure. McLAUGHLIN <&
CO.. 23 Kearny st
$750— SALOON north of Market st., adjoining 2
theaters; worth double this amount; must be
Bold on account of the serious Illness pro-
prietor. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$400— RESTAURANT; cost $T:.0; must sell on
account of Immediate departure. Mc-
I.AUOHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$300— PARTNER wanted in laundry; paying
business MCLAUGHLIN, 23 Kearny St.
:. LAUNDRY; all Implements; best town
on coast; $600 monthly. KREDO & CO., 22H
Geary st.
A 1700; GROCERY and bar; new. clean stock;
big bar trade; a snap. KREDO & CO., 224
Geary st.
$IWV— Manufacturing extracts, perfumes and
toilet goods; established 4 years; agents now
appointed over entire coast. KREDO & CO.
$800— BAKERY. 30 miles from S. F., SOW popu-
latlon; prosperous business. KREDO. & CO.
$300— CANDY and ice cream parlors; living
rooms; $S dally. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary.
TO sell ynut business promptly for cash give
u« a taJl: we have buyers for country prop-
erty; citrus land a specialty. RAND & CO
917 Market Bt.
$12'— NICE corner grocery and bar. with 4
sunny living rooms; rent $15; good business.
RAND L CO., 917 Market st.
$275— CIGAR, stationery and notion store, with
fun.. of living rooms; near Market St.;
good Hide. RAND & CO., 917 Market St.
$300— PARTNER wanted; light business Indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary st., room 2.
BARBER shop in a good, live, growing town
• in Oregon; 2 chairs; good paying business;
will give trial; sell account sickness. Apply
WILSON, SOS Guerrero st,
BARBER, shop in one' of the liveliest towns In
the country; elegantly furnished and bath;
. can be bought on very easy terms. Apply to
_STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
FOX Sale— A first-class grocery and bar: must
be sold on account of departure to Manila.
Inquire WICHMAN, LUTGEN & CO., 31S
Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon down-town on Market
St.: superior location for wholesale and retail
liquor business; bargain. Address 42:* Baker.
WANTED — Tenant for good plumbing- shop at
Lnrin Station, Berkeley. Apply R. WAN-
NENMACHER, 10S Fourth St., San Francisco.
DRUG store, invoices about $3500, can be
bought for $1000 cash. Pull particulars ad-
dress D. S., box 7. Call office. Oakland.
FOR Sale — A well stocked grocery and bar;
old established business; run by owner 6
years rent cheap. Apply Call office.
FOR Sale— A small milk business; 5 cows, 200 1
chickens, 100 pigeons; house to rent cheap. !
Apply Call office.
FINE large store on southwest corner Oak and
Devlsadero; rent $30; or will give lease. In-
quire on premises.
WELL paying and established grocery store; i
landlord getting too old to attend. Apply 232
Minna St.
NOTION and candy store: living rooms; rare \
chance. Call and see, 1112 Stelner st.
ETNURSE wanted immediately! 1795 MeAl- •
lister St.. corner Baker. 1
SALOON and 7 furnished rooms for sale;
cheap. 126 Folsom st.
FOR cole— Half interest in barber shop; cheap. j
13 Mason st.
RESTAURANT for sale; cash offer wanted.
Address box 637, Call.
GROCERY and saloon for sale; no oppo-
sition; fine location. Apply Call office.
$675 — BRANCH bakery, notions, cigars, sta-
tionery, laundry and general merchandise
store; fine rooms and sunny yard; good loca-
tion; value In stock. Box 16, Call branch
office, 106 Eleventh st.
BAKERY: good corner north of Market 6t. ;
best and cheapest place In city for good
baker; low rent; no wagon; all store trade. :
Address box 3Z, Call office.
$150— CIGAR store; Market St., below Seventh;
full value In stock; present profits $60 per
month; owner going East. Box 165, Call.
STATIONERY, cigars anil notions for sale at
Invoice; investigate. 2801 California st.
WANTED— An energetic partner with $500 to :
open up a renovating business; a new process
now in operation in th« East; good money
In It: one familiar with carpets, rugs and
upholstered furniture preferred; references
given and required. Address box 62. Call.
BEST-PAYING restaurant In Oakland; promi- j
nently located corner 2 principal streets; no '•
opposition; clearing $200 a month; sacrificed
for $050; reason for selling, owner compelled i
to go to Europe Immediately; trial given. H.
J., box 10, Call office. Oakland. j
6OBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop In center of town St. Helena;
German preferred; rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON. St. Helena, .
"WANTED— Partner for well-established under- j
taking business; first-class business opportu- 1
nity for Protestant gent; experience not nee- I
f*Eary. Box 72, Call office. I
$100— CANDY and cigar store; 8 living rooms; .
furniture; cheap rent; sacrifice; sickness
cause of sale; with or without furniture. 628
Third st. j
SAN RAFAEL; paying all year round; hotel '
and saloon for rent to responsible party;
choice location. GEO. D. SHEARER, San
Rafael. i
PHOTOGRAPHIC plant, best in Central Call- j
fornla, for sale; chance of lifetime to up-to- j
date worker. Address BENT. 40 California st. j
HALF or whole Interest In good paying butcher I
shop; cash business; elegant fixtures; central
location, I' , box 3, Call office, Oakland.
$400— OLD-ESTABLISHED butcher shop; XI
business, must be sold thi« week; investigate
at once. Box 87, Call office^
PAYING bakery and confectionery store: good i
''"!•■. fine location. Twenty-second and
Brush sts.. Oakland.
MOO—SALOON established for many years; 5
living rooms for man and wife. . Apply Call.
RESTAURANT: central; good business; sell-
. ing on account of sickness. Apply at Call.
AN old established plumbing and lobbing shop
for sale cheap. 2525 California st.
F " H SA {' K ~: 2 -, " Id-established groceries and
. bars; t ,r|r-e $1250. Box Ml. Call office.
F( *liHrtSjt'l<r Co ™ T Brocer and bar $200. 3418
$150— GOOD saloon for sain with $ living
rooms; rent $18. Inquire Call office.
BALOON: day bustnesa. 606 clay st.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
_ii c _ J a J?_ R E. IL±LSL al: business office
C W. CAgWELL * CO. s, supplied from OEO.
W. CASWfcLL & CO.'^^Sacramento st.
627 MONTGOMERY. cor7~riay"-LoDen until 9.30
o'clock: branch office of The* CaT sSbLcrtJ?
tirm* and want ads tal; Pn . ouDscnp
ALASKA E.Vlr.lU'Hlsl.s.
- ALASKA Expedition— Schooner Thoma« "rw"
. I ard. owned by Philadelphia party bou\i.Wor
.. gold fields, equipped for 2 years • want i mo?^ I i
men to Join party. Pier 3. ' * 2 more I '
HOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts.; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market st.
ELLIS. 1472, nr. Buchanan— r. and b. and
planked basement.
! GOLDEN GATE aye.. nr. Webster— lo r. and
I b. ; modern improvements; $50.
HOUSE of 4 sunny rooms. 31 Lafayette st., be-
tween Eleventh and Twelfth.
j HYDE, 416*4 — House of 4 large sunny rooms;
rent cheap to right party. Inquire 418. Hyde.
NEW ''. and S room houses with bath; parlors
rated; basement; large yard; marine
view; $27 60 and $30. Leaven worth St., near
: Lombard. *
A
NICE dwelling. 441 Fifth st., 7 rooms; large
sunny yard; rents reduced.
OAK. Stylish Eastlake residence: S rooms
and bath; latest Improvements; $35.
.' : ROOMS, upper floor, cheap. 5 Jane place, oft
j Pine st.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
j TO LET-House on Jackson st. hill; seven
i rooms and bath; nice yard, garden and fine
view; rent $30 for a good tenant. Apply 1210
I Jackson st.
j WE can rent you a house with or without a
. flag pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
: goniery st.
i '
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath: nicely fur-
nished; In good neighborhood; walking
distance $50
A house of 8 100 ms and bath; newly fur-
nished; neat as bandbox; walking dis-
tance; a bargain 40
THE REYNOLDS CO..
. 403-404 Examiner building.
TAYLOR. 810 — Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
and 4 p. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
j COTTAGE 5 rooms and bath; large basement;
rent reasonable. 120 Fillmore st.
! NEW 6-room cottage: bath, large basement,
j modern lmprovemts; reasonable. 8925 Webster.
I NEWLY renovated cottages, 5 rooms, bath;
large basement and yard; cheap. 1876 Fif-
teenth st.. near Dolores. '
FLATS TO LET.
BUSH, 1213—2 flats, 3 rooms, bath; rentTsl2~and
$13. Apply 121! Bush St.
FLATS 6 and 3 rooms, bath. Shipley, near
Sixth st.; rent reasonable.
FULTON. US— Middle sunny flat, 7 rooms and
bath; near City Hall; $2S.
: FOLSOM. 930, bet. sth and 6th— 6 r. and b. ; $14.
I ASHTON A.- GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
GEARY, 1917 — nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
, yard; furnished; hall; gas; $1S; water free.
: HOWARD, 852— Brick bldg; 6 r. and b. ; $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
: LANGTON, 37— 515; sunny flat. 5 rooms and
1 bath.
1161-2 Perry St.: $10; flat, 4 rooms.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 63S Market.
MCALLISTER, 1723, nr. Broderlck Br. and b.;
rent $25. ASHTON CO.. 411 Montgomery et.
I NEW sunny upper flat, 6 rooms and bath; mod-
I crn Improvements; grand view; large porch;
I garden and basement; rent $13. 4237 Twen-
j tieth st., near Castro.
SEVENTEENTH, 3997. corner Market— Modern
bay-window sunny 7-room flat; cheap.
SUTTER, 16188, nr. Octavia— 7 r. and b. ; $30.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.
VALENCIA, 469. nr. 16th— r. and b. ; rent $16.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gamery st.
I $14 50; flat of 5 sunny roms, between Octavia
and Gough. 127 Page st.
$11— FLAT, 5 rooms and bath. 124 Wlldey St.;
key at 2325 Pine St.. bet. Fillmore and Steiner.
$20— NEW choice sunny flat: all latest Improve-
ments. 1708 H'de St.. near Broadway.
$15 — NEW modern sunny flat. 5 rooms and bath.
266S Twenty-second St., near Bryant.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
! AT 52 .Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week. $1 to $2 50; day, 25 to soc.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Sunny front bed-
1 room and kitchen, furnished, $S.
I BUCHANAN,' 602, corner Fell— Bay-windows;
! kitchens; others: single, en suite; $6 to $9.
BUSH, Front suite and separate kitchen,
with bath, $20; large sunny well furnished
room, $9; sunny room, $6, with bath.
ELLIS, 61S— 2 sunny front rooms, $14; 2 others,
$7; gas stove; private family.
FOLSOM, Slo— Sunny front room with kitchen,
complete for housekeeping; no children; nice
and quiet.
FRANKLIN, 203— Sunny front suite, bath;
Feparate kitchen; corner.
GOLDEN GATE, 1200— Sunny furnished front
rot ms complete for housekeeping; private.
HARRISON, Front and back parlor; fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; large yard; :
rent $13.
HOWARD, 525— Kitchen and bedroom furnished
complete for housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD, 935H— Nice sunny room with regular
kitchen, complete; running water, private
bath, gas.
JESSIE, — 3 or 4 housekeeping rooms en
suite; also single! cheap.
LAGUNA, 1029—3 sunny unfurnished or fur- i
nished rooms for light housekeeping; reas. \
McALLISTER, 447, corner Van Ness aye.—
Nicely furnished sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping.
MINNA, 454—3 back rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; lower floor; separate en-
trance.
MINNA. 646— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; large yard.
MISSION, 1221 — Housekeeping rooms; also sin-
gle.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny housekeeping rooms.
MISSION, 1415— Unfurnished large sunny rooms,
connecting or single.
NINTH, 135—4 or 5 neatly furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping: sun all day; rent
reasonable to family of adults.
OAK, 119— Furnished front room; housekeep-
ing; $5; see this.
PAGE. 1134—2 or 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping, $9 to $12.
POLK, 522— Front sunny unfurnished house-
keeping suite; also single rooms; nice and
quiet.
POLK. 611—1 or 2 nice large sunny rooms with I
kitchen, complete for housekeeping; gas
range; bath.
POWELL, 710 — 2 large sunny rear rooms com-
plete for housekeeping: gas; bath: yard; $10.
SIXTH. 314— Front bay-window suite with
kitchen, furnished for housekeeping. $14.
TWELFTH, 145, corner Howard— Sunny single
and double rooms, with kitchen, complete
for housekeeping; rent reasonab'e.
ROOMS TO LET.
A— SELECT home Hotel Florence 101 Ellis.
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
tunny rooms, en suite and single; nrst-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Nice sunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
A'J 242 Stockton— .Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable. ,'.
AT €03 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719. S2&V4 and Mason
Choice, sunny; reasonable; Investigate.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post, 2 blocks from principal
hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
BUSH.676— Large room, 2 beds, for gentleman,
with bath; $7; board If desired.
BUSH. C7s— Sunny, unfurnished^ suite. $12;
privilege of bath and storeroom; first floor.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, .$lO mo.
EDDY, 111— Elegantly furnished suites or rms.;
with or without housekeeping; reasonable.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Carnot)-First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
FOLSOM. »20. near Fourth— sl week" and up;
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, "•'■'*— Elegant sunny suites, double,
single; hot water, baths, gas; light house-
keeping. •
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
sunny rms, r also housekpng. ; very reasonable.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— night, 15c to •
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room: Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE, 917 A —Large sunny room for '
1 or 2 persons; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suit* and
tingle; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Seleot family
rooming house; $1 60 to $( per week. .
HYDE, 26, off Golden Gate aye.— Newly fur- i
niched room* for $5 and 17 per month.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1898.
ROOMS TO Continued.
HYDE. 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect; terms reasnble.
JONES, Nicely furnished suites and. single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
LAKKIN. 327, cor. Golden Gate — Nice sunny
room, $7: also housekeeping suite; gas stove.
LARKIN. 1200, opposite Lurllne Baths— Sunny
front room for 2, $9; also single rooms, $4
and up, by day, week or month.
MARKET, ISI3, near Eleventh— Furnished and
1 unfurnished rooms; running water.
1 MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness —
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished.
MCALLISTER, 220%— Nicely furnished single
and double rooms; reasonable; opposite City
Hall.
ATOM A, 81, cor. Second— Nice, clean single
and double rooms; $1 a week and up; quiet
and respectable.
NINTH, Front room, small kitchen, $9, or
single, Jo ud. " .
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
POLK, 709—2 large sunny' front rooms, newly
furnished; running water; private family;
references.
POST, 910— Sunny front room. $6; also double
parlors; gentlemen; private flat.
POWELL, 415%— 2 unfurnished rooms In rear.
BHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House. 16-18 Mason St.— Fur-
nished rooms; single. $1 60 to $3 a week:
suites. $4 to $5; baths: elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water: transients solic-
ited; restaurant. MRS. J. GALE. Proprietor.
STEVENSON. 521%— 2 sunny rooms; rent cheap.
j SUTTER. 1003— Pleasant sunny suite, newly
furnished: also slnple room; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 240— Nicely furnished sunny front
room for 2 gents or man and wife.
TURK, 539— Nicely furnished single and double
I rooms, $6 month up; bath, gas; private.
VALENCIA, 120.1, near Twenty-third— Sunny
front bay- windowed furnished room; for gen-
tleman inly; rent $6.
VAN NESS, SOS— 2 large, bright, sunny parlor
suits: handsomely furnished; suitable for
. physician or dentist; modern; fine location.
ROOMS AM) HOARD.
BUSH, S22— Handsomely furnished front bay-
window room: sunny; all the latest Improve-
ments; connecting bath: running water; first-
class board; home cooking; down town. .
I HYDE. 299. Salisbury Changed hands; thor-
I oughly renovated: pleasant sunny rooms, with
I first-class board: beautiful grounds; quiet;
homelike; reasonable.
i HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms ;
i bath, gas, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
j room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
SUTTER. 112S— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
first -class family board; nice grounds; rea-
| sonable.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing house: first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking: terms mod.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS. 80S— Large sunny front ' rooms,
nicely furnished; excellent board; terms mod-
erate. . •
CHILDREN HOARDED.
LADY would like a child or two to board;
terms reasonable. 8255 Twenty-second st.,
near Valencia.
FRENCH lady boards children or Infant;
mother's care: nice home. 1107 Clay st.
WANTED— ChiId to board; good home; best
care: $10. 1034 McAllister st.
ELEVENTH, Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
STORES TO LET.
A— WELL-LIGHTED basement to let; suit-
able for most any kind of business. Apply
DAVID STERN & SONS, 636 Market St. "
CITY Hall Square, 17— Large lIkM store, $50.
ABHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
FOR rent In good country town. 2 small stores
finely located: cheap. Information at 636
Market st. FEDERSPIEL.
TURK. 422. near Larkln— Store, $16. ASHTON
1 & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
1 MARKET, 1704— Part of hair-dressing store;
reasonable: opposite- Tenth st. ■
OFFICES TO LET.
3 FINE rooms on Market st. ; make elegant
offices; all for $35. THE REYNOLDS CO.,
403-404 Examiner building.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Light, cheerful offices, $15 to $20.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building-
Elegant offices for rent.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS-
PAIR solitaire diamond earrings reduced to
$123; worth double the money. UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye.
THOROUGHBRED, full-grown young fox-
hound; thoroughbred St. Bernards. F. BALT-
ZER, 1313 Larkln st.
THOROUGHBRED Japanese pug; also a pup
8 weeks old; cheap. 6398 Second st.
i BOILER. 42x14, with steam drum,, complete;
i will test to 175 pounds. WHITE, Mission.
MALTESE kitten. $1 25; this day only; owner
leaving city. 617 Turk st.
FOR Sale— soo shares (or less) California Auto-
matic Telephone Company; make offer. Ad-
dress box 139. Call office.
150 SHARES Sutro Railroad stock, or exchange
for real estate. O. WOOD, Berkeley.
40,000 ROLLS of wall paper, latest designs, 3o
and 6c roll. 368 Ninth St., Oakland.
A PAIR solitaire diamond earrings, weighing
3% karats, reduced to $290. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant aye.
FOR sale— thoroughbred Holsteln cow. Ap-
ply at 917 Elizabeth st.
FRESH Al Jersey cow: choice animal for fam-
ily use; price reasonable. 3150 Twenty-fourth.
SECOND-HAND machinery for sale- 1 20-horse
power stationary' tubular boiler, 2 vertical en-
gines and other machinery for sale cheap for
cash at tin- works of the KROGH MANU-
FACTURING CO., £1 Beale st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
EXCHANGE — Thoroughbred mare for type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 719
Market st.
FOR sale— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon. IRO2 Seventh St., Oakland.
$137 60— FISHER upright piano; good condition;
$10 down and $5 a month. 225 Sutter st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
SCALE, safe, coffee-mill, desk, letter press,
cheap, at 621 Mission st.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; records, $5 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 938-946 Market.
J. K. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery- Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second hand: cheaper ' than
aver. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
BARS showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and nold. 1063 Mission St.. nr. Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 46.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
. CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-67 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning. Co., 453
Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter Bt.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor. ;
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 80.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.: cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate avo.; tel. East 126. ■
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35; callgraph, $25; ' Bllck,
$22 50; get samples. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery. I
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS to light the streets and outlying
districts with gas and electricity. Clerk's
office, Board of Supervisors, San Francisco,
July 12, 183 S. In accordance with Resolutior
No. 1307 (Fourth Series ) of the Board of Su-
pervisors, sealed proposals will be received
in open session of the Board on Monday after-
noon. July is. IS!<\ to light with gas and
electricity the public streets and outlying
portions of the city and county in district*
or the entire city and county for a perloj
of two (2) years, from August 3, ISDS, ac
provided and hereinafter described.
The gas lamj>s to be erfected and maintained
not to exceed 4SOO and the electric lights not
to exceed 1000. fur which and for the conse-
quent expense provision will bo made therefot
iii the amount to be levied in the street light
fund.
The electric arc lights of 2000 candle power
to be placed and maintained on Market street
from the ferries to Valencia Street, will ag-
jsregate fifty (50) In number, and 22 on Van
Ness avenue, from Market street to Broad-
way, to be located alternately on each Fide
of said stroet and avenue, on ornamental
Iron poles not exceeding 25 feet in height, the
exact location of said electric lights to bt
reported to the board and the same approved
prior to thei,- ,
The electric lights to be placed and main-
tained on Golden Gute avenue. Irom Market
to Devisadero street: Folsom street, from
Third to Twenty-sixth street: Kearny and
Montgomery ctreets, from Market to BroaoV
way: Grant avenue, from Market to Bush,
ami Duiont. from Broadway to Greenwich
street; Stockton street from Market to Suiter
street, nnd from Pacific to Inlon street;
Montgomery avenue, from Pacific to chest-
nut street; Third and Fourth :Ureets from
Market to Townsend; Fifth street from Mar-
ket to Bryant street, and on Sixth street,
from Market to Mmnnan street, are to he arc
111 tits of 2000 candle powrr each, to be sus-
pended from si ii n wires over the center of
eai h er ssing ar.d wherever poles an- re-
| quired the location must first be reported and
approved by th:s board prior to their erection.
The a;, electric lights p.ow erected on loca-
ti ■!., In the i utlylng districts i n masts or
p. les forty feet In height of 2000 candle power
each, numbering 638. to be maintained or
erected in the same locations unless changes
of location are ordered by this board, are to
be considered a portion of the 1000 electric
liKb!' ; Herein provided for.
The districts within which the streets are
to he lighted with k«« and electricity are
hereby described, as follows:
District No. I— Beginning at the Intersec-
tion of Market and East streets, along and
Including Market to Ridley: along and Includ-
ing Ridley to Mission; along and Including
Thirteenth to Division; along nnd Including
Division to Channel; along and including
Channel to the bay: along the bay line to
the point of beginning at Fast and Market.
District No. Z— Beginning at the intersection
of Market and East streets, along but not
Including Market to Ridley; along and in-
cluding Ridley w. sterly to Devisadero; along
and Including Devisadero to fhe bay; along
the bay line to the point of beginning at
East and Market.
District No. 3- Beginning at the northern
termination of Oevisadero, along but not in-
olud'.nn Devlsadtro to Ridley; along and In-
cludlng Ridley to Buena Vista avenue; along
and Including Buena Vista avenue south of
Buena Vista Park to Frederick street; along
and Including Frederick to Stanyan; along
and Including Stanyan to Fulton; along and
fin hiding Fulton to the ocean; along the
ocean and bay line to the point of begin-
ning.
District No. 4— Beginning at the easterly
termination of Channel street, along but not
Including Channel to Division: along but not
Including Division to Thlrt-enth; along but
not Including Thirteenth to Ridley; along but
riot Including Ridley to Buena Vista avenue;
along but not including Buena Vista avenue
to Frederick; along but not Including Fred-
erick to II stf.-t: along and including H
street to the ocean; along the ocean line to
the San Mateo bounty line; along the San
Mateo County line to the bay; along the bay
line to point of beginnings
Specifications: Gas— The gas to he furnish-
ed to be of a standard quality and illumin-
ating power of not less than seventeen ran-
dles, said illuminating power to be deter-
mined by tests made by the pas inspector
in his office, who will use for said te.-ts such
burners as will obtain from the pg the
greatest amount of light, and practicable for
use by the consumer, and -consuming at the
rate of five cubic feet of jras per hour.
Lamp posts and lamps— The lamp posts to
be used to be of the same material and not to
be less in height than the lamp posts now In
use. and to be erected and lighted at Buch
locations as may be de=icnated by the board.
The nun, her of lamp posts to be erected
and maintained during the continuance of the
contract (hall not exceed 48C0 In all, and to
be erected and maintained at or contiguous
to the present locations of street Intnps
erected throughout the city and county, ex.
cept the locations wherein the streets or por-
tions of streets are to be lighted by elec-
tricity, ami at such location as may be des-
ignated by the board, the board to have thf
I right to change tho location of the same from
time to time upon payment of the actual
cost of labor and material in making said
changes or removals. When lamps are or-
dered to be erected In certain sections of the
city where no mains are laid then the mains
shall be extended or arrangements made by
which the lighting of said sections of the city
shall be effected, but In no event shall more
l!*hts be erected than can be paid for out of
the fund provided for street lighting during
the fiscal year.
Lamps— The lamps to be slmllAr to those
now In tise, or sucfl aSjnay be approved by
the board, and the burner to be used In the
lamps In lighting the public streets to con-
sist of a single burner of the same size
now used In the main thoroughfares. The
burners of the various lamps to average a
consumption of not leß9 than five cubic feet
per hour.
The lamp posts, lamps, service pipes, mains
and all appurtenances incidental and nece*
sary to complete and equip the lamps ready
for lighting to be furnished by the successful
hldders, who shall erect, maintain and keep
thrt same In proper condition and repair.
Lighting lamps— The last lamp on each lamp-
lighter's beat to be lighted one hour aftet
sunset and to be extinguished one-half hour
before sunrise, except that during the night
of full moon, the night preceding and the
night following no lamps shall be lighted.
Specifications: Electric lights— The poles,
wires, conductors, lamps, carbon electrodes
and each and every appliance, article or ap-
paratus which may be ne.essary for electric
lighting to be furnished and erected and
kept in good order and condition by the suc-
cessful bidder.
The wires and conductors to be thoroughly
Insulated and placed In such locations and In
such manner as will prevent them from b.;-
Ing tampered with or handled by any unau-
thorized person or persons: It being distinct-
ly understood that the city and county shall
not be responsible, hut must be held" harm-
less against any claim for damages for any
Injury or accident which may be occasioned
by the wires or conductors, and against any
claim for damages by rtnson of any in-
fringement of any patent right In the use
of the lamps, machinery or appliances con-
nected with the said electric light.
The Fald masts to be erected and maintain-
ed at or contiguous to the present locations
of the masts erected throughout the city and
county, with the distinct understanding that
the board reserves the right to change the
locations of and designate the character and
power of the electric lights and the height
of the mast to be used at any particular lo-
cation dilring the continuance of the con-
tract upon the payment of the actual cost of
labor and materials In making said changes
or removals.
Tho electric lights to be provided are as
follows:
Six hundred and thirty-eight masts not
exceeding 40 feet high, 2000 candle power arc
lights: 50 poles not exceeding 2i> feet In
height on Market street from the ferries to
Valencia street; 22 poles not exceeding 25 feet
In height on Van Ness avenue, from Market
street to Broadway; 203 lights suspended over
the center of streets herein designated, to be
hereafter apportioned or erected at such other
locations as may be designated by this board.
In case any additional lights are needed
the same to be erected at such locations as
may be determined by the Committee on
Street Light*, under the direction of the Board,
and shall be furnished when required during
the continuance of the contract, but in no
event shall more lights be erected than can
be paid for out of the fund provided for
street lighting during the fiscal year.
The lamps to be lighted during the entire
night from one hour after sunset until one-
half hour before sunrise; except that during
the night of full moon, the night preceding
and the night following, no lamps shall be
lighted.
Provided that the nine (9) lamps In China-
town shall be lighted each and every nigiit.
General provisions— All tho lamps to be kept
In proper condition find cleaned at least twice
In each week, and at each of said cleanings
all the glass shall be thoroughly cleaned
both on the inside and outside of the lamp,
and all dust and dirt shall be brushed from
the frames. The lamps are to be repaired
and reglazed within twenty-four hours after
any portion of the same Is broken.
Street signs— The names of streets, places
and alleys to be painted on the gas and elec- j
trie lamps throughout the city and county I
at street crossings, main and subdivision I
street intesseitions and at the Intersections j
of places and alleys with the main streets;
at main street crrisslngs two names on each
lump, at intersections of main streets not j
less than two names on each lamtj; at Inter-
sections of subdivision streets, places or al-
leys not less than two names on each lamp
The letter, color, style and location of the
names on the lamps to be approved or desig-
nated by the Board of Supervisors. The
names of streets, etc., on each lamp to be
kept clean and in position so as to be plain-
ly visible, and within twenty-four hours In
case of breakage to be repaired and th«
name or names repainted thereon, and In no
event are the lamps to be turned so as to
misplace the names of the streets as Indicated
on each of them.
No compensation shall be allowed for any
lamp or lamps, either gas or electric light
except such as Bhall be lighted during the
whole time provided In the foregoing speci-
fications under which a contract may be
awarded; also, that within three days prior
to the expiration of each month the gas
Inspector shall furnish the parties to whom
the contract is awarded the time during
which the lamps shall be lighted and extin-
guished each and every night and morning of
the succeeding month. All bills of the suc-
cessful bidders, upon the execution of a con-
tract and the performance In compliance
therewith, shall be presented and paid month-
ly at the end of each calendar month.
"Notice to bidders— Bidders will estimate and
bid a price per lamp per night, for which
they will furnish, erect, repair and keep in
good repair and condition all lamp posts,
masts, poles, wires, lamps, services, street
signs and appurtenances, furnish gas and
electric light on all streets, places and al-
leys according to the foregoing specifications,
as follows:
First— Bidders will estimate and state a price
PROPOSALS —
[ ' per night for each gas lamp and each electric
light In each of the districts described with
' the understanding that both gas and elec-
1 tricity will be used in the lighting of each
j district.
Second— Bidders will also estimate and state
j" a price per night for each gas lamp and each
\ electric light to light the entire city and
'• county as designated and required by these
J specifications. • ■': >
. The board reserves the right to award a
contract to light each district with gas and
■ * electricity, or to light with gas and elec-
! . trlcity the entire city and county, to the low-
est responsible bidder.
No bids will be received or entertained
from parties who estimate on any contingent
event, or who cannot comply with, or who are
not prepared or qualified to carry out, the
terms and conditions herein imposed.
Bidders will b" required to deposit with the
Clerk of, the .Board of Supervisors a certified
check, drawn to the order of the Clerk of the
\ Board of Supervisors, to be approved by
. said Clerk, upon some bank In the City and
; County of Bah Francisco, in the sum of ten
thousand ($10,000) dollars gold coin, condi-
tioned if the proposal is accepted and the
contract awarded; and if the bidder shall
fail or neglect to execute a written contract
therefor and give a good and sufficient bond,
with two sureties, in the sum of thirty-
five thousand ($0,000) dollars for the proper
fulfillment of said contract, within ten days
after the award is made, then and in that
c«se ; the said sum shall he paid into the
City and County Treasury by said Clerk as
liquidated damages for such failure and neg-
lect. , .
Blank proposals furnished by the Clerk.
It is also to be distinctly understood that
the board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so requires.
Also that the party or parties to whom a
contract Is awarded will be required, prior to
or, at the time of execution Of the contract,
to pay- the cost of advertising this notice In
three daily newspapers.
- J.N'O. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PERSONALS.
JOSEPH OREVF.X. vocal Teacher, 1236 Market
1 St., is preparing for different concerts and
operatic performances of next season, where
several of his pupils will sing leading -parts;
participants of a large mixed chorus class
pay $1 monthly in advance. -^^^^
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
HAIR which is oily Is generally healthy; 25c
Is all I charge for up-to-date hairdresslne;
good switches $1; best finest quality (i 5";
extra heavy lor.g }">: open Sundays- 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
QUINONIA Is a perfect hair tonic, 35c bot-
tle. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed: framing with glass 7x9 inches,
10c; SxlO and 10x12. 15c; 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17, 2.V; 16x20, 30c; 18x22. 36c; 20x24, 45c; 22x
.28, 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c: rm. mold-
ing.all colors.lc ft;open- ewe. Jones. s47 Mission.
ELECTRIC, lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night- « 60 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to' and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
CONTRACTOR for sinking wells and drifting:
tunnels for water. J. G., 40SV4 Grove st.
J. HAI'PTLI'P Hair Store has removed to 1036
Market: hairdresslng, popular prices.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Instalments. L.
I MOS. 1117 Marlet St.. bet 7th and Sth.
119 HAVES ST.-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and arts taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles" French Tailoring
Colifff S>lfi Market st.
. CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR OMAR
The Occult Wonder
325— Eddy 5t.— 325.
Always See the Best.
Gives Invaluable advice on all affairs of
life, love, business, marriage, divorce, etc.,
j unites separated, causes speedy marriages,
j removes domestic trouble, etc.; full names,
i - dates, facts, In all cases; . fee, $1 and $2;
I satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
I MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
I card reader; born with double veil and second
1 sight: diagnose disease, full life reading; la.
I 80c, gents $1: palm, andclair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. .1 MOORE, 1104 Market st.
. (Vendome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated: changes luck: locates burled
! treasures; letters answered; Inclose stamp.
WILL be absent from city for short time;
watch for announcement of my return. MRS.
! DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Market st.
MM!'. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 2."c. 148 Sixth st., room 10.
MM K. MOP.EAU, best medium and i card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st,
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession; never falls; advice: help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
C. V. MILLER'S materialising trumpet seance;
j Bp. m. ; 25 cents. 409 Leaven worth st.
| M. FRANCES, Independent slate writing me-
j dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ' SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212% Sixth st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st.; read-
Ings, $1; clr. Tues., Frl., 2 p. m. : Sat. 8; 25c.
. MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and bust-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
PAL.MISTKY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Lecture Sunday eve. 305
Larkln; readings dally at res.. 353 Geary st.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
| delay: self-cure sent; call or write: free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that r?store» all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential: self cure, $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk st.. near Jone».
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Urant aye., S. F. A Caution — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause: no medicine or Instru-
ments used: restores In one day without fall:
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace: consultation free; can be sent and used
at home: pills and capsules. $1: cure, $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER. 818 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly ait
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $8; travelers helped instantly;
home in confinement; consult free: hours 10 to
6. 7to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$150; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c ' stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGE^ER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance: terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe oure; $2 60:
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSCOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
DR. HALL, 1228 Market St.; diseases of women
and children.
MRS. ARCHBARD, midwife: home In confine-
ment: confinement alone. $5. 156 Second st.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years-
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. OEORGE H. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up: all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
. New York dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
STORAGE*
pi^C^-RUDoTpiriiiit^
.office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. '. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, S4O Mission St.; tel. Mint 1821.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
, 8 $500 LOTS with house for $600? THISTLETON;
272 Sadowa St., Ocean View.
i 100 ACRES or more In Visitation Valley, San
Mateo County, on county line. Inquire 546
Clay at. - T
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. '
$7. UPWARD: lots in the Allendale Tract, East
Oakland; $5 cash, $5 monthly.
$450 for a 4-room cottage; terms to suit; $123
upward. ..
Lots in Gallndo Tract. East Oakland: nothing
like these lots for double the money anywhere:
i but few left and must be sold: fine school
, house; 2 electric car lines; streets all graded
I and macadamized; city water and sewer; nice
homos surrounding. Call or send for circular,
4.-.:, Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oakland. H.
Z. JONES, owner.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association. 1151 Twenty-
third aye., East Oakland, Cal.
Lots from $150 up. . ...
Houses, 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $1000.
Call and. see our list.
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
public; property looked after. *14 Broadway.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAnD HOUSES TO LET.
FOR PALE— Furniture of 4-room house; also
. chickens; house to let. 1068 Fifth St., West
Oakland.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; ent <"heap; cen-
tral: 559 24th Ft., nr. Grove. Apply owner. R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fart.. WX. Grove.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
I FURNISHED 8-room house; nice grounds; cen-
! tral: to let. Z.. box 12. Call office, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway. .*
FINE Funny rulte: also lunnv : ingle room: va-
cant June 1. THE ' '"vn. V Fir-hth «t
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 403 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA- ADVERTISEMENTS.
. . ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$800— LOT £0 feet front, west side- Grand st. ;
$1250. lot Alameda aye. and Paru St.; $1200.
! new 5-room cottage on Grand st. ; $3000, new
7-room house, west side Lafayette St., near
San Antonio aye. ; $1000, 10 acres, right at
Fruitvale; also chicken ranch; bargains In
all parts of Alameda. ALAMEDA LAND CO.
1500 Park st., Alameda.
FOR sale Immediately, cheap, house and lot
35x115; 5 rooms and bath; all new Improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Orand-st. Station: 1825
Pacific aye.. Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER.
Alameda. '
' BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— s2ooo, S-room house, lot 60x
137:6, rented for $22: 1 block from station: also
6-room cottage, $1350. FREESE & CODING-
TON. 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
RENT $30; 8-room house, partly furnished;
shade trees: lovely home place; 2200 Blake
block, east Dwight way Station. Apply next
door.
FKUITVALE COTTAGES.
: PRETTY cottage and garden; 7 rooms, bath;
j $16: best of -locations, H block from electric
; cars; 1257 27th aye., Fruitvale; references re-
; quired. Inquire 1064 Tenth aye.. East Oakland.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & Co., 280 Kearny St.. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at (i% per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
2D mortgagee & undivided Interests In estates
a specialty. H. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest rates;
no commission: private. 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $.'0,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 11C0 grad-
uates placed since 1892: catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform o\
stage use, taught by Mrs. Klncald at her
school of elocution and expression, .i'.cajiar
building. 120 O'Farrell st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market at.;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $60; low rat»« per week and month. .
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy, 1247
Franklin st. : co-educational boarding and day
school; complete English. French. German
and Spanish education, art, $30.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr'B counting-room 'makes you
thorough, room 572, Parrott building.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph.B., Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. C. 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, mln-
Ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day A eve.;
est. ISB4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market..
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10.. 712 Van Ness aye.
™~ LEGAL NOTICES. ~~~~
Assessment Book of Real and Per-
sonal Property, 1898.— of the Clerk of
Board of Supervisors of the city and county
of San Francisco, City Hall building, second
floor, July 6, 1898.
Public notice is hereby given, In accordance
wun section No. 3654 of the Political Code
that the Assessment Book of the City and
County of San Francisco, for the fiscal year
1898, has been completed and delivered to me
as Clerk of the 1 -.ard of Super | ...ors, together
with the map books and statements, and will
be open for examination In this office from 9
o'clock a. m. to 4 o'clock p. m., and that said
Board of Supervisors met to examine the As-
sessment Book and equalize the assessment of
property therein, on Tuesday afternoon, July
I, 1898. at 2 o'clock, and will mereafter con-
tinue in session from time to time until the
business of equalization presented to them is
disposed of, but not later than the 18th day of
July, 1898.
Applications for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath.
Public notice Is also given that. In accord-
ance with sections 1897, 1899 -nd 2654 of the
Political Code, the Military Roll has been com-
pleted, delivered over to me. and Is now open
for examination and correction, as provided by
law. JN^. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
NOTICE to creditors.— Estate of JANE C
TEMPLE, deceased. Notice Ib hereby given
by the undersigned administratrix of the es-
tate of JANE C. TEMPLE, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them
with the necessary vouchers within four
months after the first publication of this no-
tice to the said administratrix at the office
of M. Stuart Taylor, City Hall, Alameda,
which the , said office the undersigned se-
lects as her place of business In all matters
connected with said estate of JANE C. TEM-
PLE, deceased. . - . - . .
MARTHA E. SCHILLER, administratrix of
the estate of JANE C. TEMPLE, deceased
Dated Alameda. June JO. 1898
M. STUART TAYLOR, attorney for estate.
NOTICE to creditors— Estate of JAMES E
HOWLAND, deceased. Notice is hereby given
by the undersigned administratrlxof the above-
named deceased, to the creditors of, and a'l !
persons having claims against the 'snid de-
ceased, to exhibit them with the necessary
vouchers, within four months after the first
publication of this notice, to the said adminis-
tratrix, at the «f floe of James Boyes & Co
108 Clay st., the same being the place for the
transaction of the business of the said es-
tate In the City and County of San Francisco
State of California. •
ALICE B. CHIPPERFIELD. administra-
trix of the estate of the above-named de-
ceased. ' :
Dated San Francisco, June 30, ! 1898.
R. D. DUKE, attorney for admlnlstraTrix.
CUSTOM-HOUSE, San Francisco. June 29. 1898.
Notice— Certain goods remaining one year in
bonded warehouse will be sold at public auc-
tion at the United States Appraiser's store,
on the 22d of July at 11 o'clock a. m. De-
scriptive catalouges can be had at the Cus-
tom-house on July 16 or at time and place
of Bale. JOHN P. JACKSON, Collector.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
A COTTAGE, large lot. In Los Gat.? (clear),
for rooming house. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206
Market st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
William Atkinson and Katherine a! Watts. 64-54
Emil Deutseh and Hattie Ron 33-25
' BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth,- marrhire and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed" with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
HORN. ;
HEALEY— In this city. July 13, 1888, to the wife
- of Hichard Ilealey, a son. ■ i
RITTER— In this city. June 23, IS9S, :to the
wife- of C- K. Hitter, a daughter,
MA It I! ill).
CHAMPLIN— In this city. JuU- 11.
li>9B, by the Rev. Edwin H. Jenks, George
• r B. -Champliri and Rose Lowrey, both of Red
Bluff. - -.• r
MOULIN— MORRILL— In this city. July 5.
IS9B, by the Rev. Mr. Rader. Gabriel Moulin
and Leonaro C. Merrill, both of San Fran-
cisco.
BRICKWEDEL-In this city. July
9. Isti, by the Rev. J. G. Mangold, Wilhelm
H. • Niemann and Just'ne Brickwedel.
ROGERS— McCURDY— In this city, July 9, 1898,
by the Rev. J. M. Buebier, Joseph E. Rogers
and Rebecca McCurdy.- ...
DIED.
Barclay, James Hughes, Michael
Birch, Thomas J. Krembser, August F.
Blake. Eva M. Llnnell. Bertha M.
Burger. Mrs. F. Magulre, Dr. A. A.
Creely, Margaret Menton, Catherine
Daly, Mrs. Mary O'Brien, J. J.
Eivers, Catherine Palm. Alfred
Harrison, Fannie M. Shannon, James R,
Haskell, Harry H. Webster, —
Hill. Mrs. A. M. Winkle, William
Hubbard. Miss Laura Witch. Rosie
Huble, Miss G. A.
] BARCLAY— In the City and County Hospital,
July 14, IS I .**, James Barclay, a native of
Kentucky, aged 73 years.
BIRCH— In Alameda. July 13. 1898, Thomas
Jefferson, beloved husband of Ella M. Birch,
and father of Mrs. Edith Davoust and Ella.
Lulu, Thomas L., Edna an! Martial Birch,
a native of New York City, aired 49 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1144 Broadway. Alameda. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery, Pan Francisco. Re-
mains will arrive at foot of Market street at
l:4"i o'clock.
BLAKE— In this city, July 13. IS9S, Eva M.,
wife of A. S. Blake, a native of Boston,
Mass., aged 44 years. A member of the Wo-
man's Press Club of this city. She leaves a
large circle of relatives and friends to mourn
her loss, having endeared herself to all by
! her unvarying sweetness and patience during
I two years of constant suffering.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attertd the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2429
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Interment
private.
BORGER— In East Oakland, July 13, 1888, Mrs.
Friedericke Borger, beloved mother of Chris-
tian Borcer, a native at Rheinpfalz, Ger-
many, aged 84 years 5 months* and 14 days.
ITT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), st 11 o'clock, from the German
I Methodist Church, Twenty-third avenue and
East Seventeenth street. East Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
CREELY— In this city, July 14. 1898, Margaret,
beloved wife of James Creely, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 50 years 2 months
and 14 days.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 916 Florida street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, /Alabama street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing' at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DALY — A solemn requiem anniversary mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the sou]
of the late Mrs. Mary Daly, dearly beloved
wife of Cornelius Daly, at St. Rose's Church,
to-morrow (Saturday), commencing at 9
o'clock.
EIVERS— In this city, July 14. 1898, at her
residence, 4021 Eighteenth street, Catherine,
dearly beloved wife of Joseph W. Elvers, and
dearly beloved dauchter of Mr. and Mrs.
P. R. Zimmerman, azed 31 years and 2
months.
CTNotlce of funeral hereaftp-
HARRISON— At her home in Bennlngton Cen-
ter, Vt.. July 13, 1898, Fannie M. Harrison, a
former resident of San Francisco, daughter of
the late George W. Robinson, and sister of
11 -man Robinson of San Francisco.
HASKELL— In this city, July 14. 1888, Harry
Hepburn, husband of Lottie Palmadge Has-
kell, father of Ernestine and Stacy Hep-
burn Haskell, son of Mr. and Mrs. D. H.
Haskell of California and Webster streets,
and brother of Mrs. Philip Verrill Mlgbels
of London, Dudley Haskell. Mrs. Franklin B.
Poore and Mrs. John Charles Adams of Oak-
land, a native of Sacramento, Cal., aged 35
years.
tCT" The funeral services will take plac.9
in .Sacramento.
HILL— In this city. July 12. 1888, Mrs., A. M.
Hill a native of Castine, Me., aged 75
years.
! HUBBARD— In Chicago. 111.. July 13, 1898,
Miss Laura M. Hubbard, sister of A. &. Hub-
bard of San Francisco.
HUBIE— In this city, July 12. IS9S. Miss G. A.
Hubie, " beloved sister of P. G. Hubie of
Rough and Ready. Nevada County, Cal., and
Miss Blanche Huble of England, a native of
England, aged 3S years.
tC^Friends and r qualntance3 are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), : at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company, 8
and 10 City Hall square. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
HUGHES— In this city, July 14. 1898, Michael
Hughes, a native of County Roscommon,
Ireland, aged 75 years. •-.■. ■ -.. -
KREMBSER— In this city. July 14. IS9S, August
F. Krembser, a native of San Francisco, aged
14 years 5 months and 17 day». .
LINNELL— In this city, July 12. IS9S. Bertha
M., beloved wife of H. S. Linnell, and only
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Billings,
aged 2:". years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late si-
dence. 433 Valencia street. Interment private.
In Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock
train from Valencia-street depot.
O. E. S. — Officers and members of Harmony
Chapter No. 124, O. E. S., are requested to
attend the funeral of our late sister. Past
Matron Bertha M. Linnell. By order of the
worthy matron. EVA M. HARE. Sec.
MAGUIRE— In this city, July 13. IS9B, Dr.
Andrew A., beloved husband of Minnie Ma-
guire, father of Ruth Maguire, beloved son of
Owen and Ann Maguire, brother of Dr. Charles
S. Magulre, and nephew of Michael and Eliza-
beth Masulre, a native of San Francisco,
aged 30 years 1 month and 29 days.
[CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
ful!'.' Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 227 Page street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fell and Fillmore streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
Y. M. — Officers and members of San Fran-
cisco Council No. 7, Y. M. 1., are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our deceased
brother, Dr. Andrew A. Magulre. The mem-
bers will assemble at his late residence, 227
Page street, at 8:45 o'clock. Fines will be
strictly inforced. By order.
G. W. MURPHY. President.
G. M. KELLY. Secretary.
MENTON— In this city, July 13, 1898. Catherine,
beloved sister of Mary Menton. a . native of
Massachusetts, acid 24 years.
[C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co.. 118 Geary street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— anniversary requiem mass for
the repose of the poul of J. J. O'Brien will
be celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral this
day (Friday), at 8 o'clock.
PALIN— In this city, July 13, ISPS, Alfred, be-
loved son of Joseph J. and Bridgle Palm, a
native of San Francisco, (. 'Ed 8 days.
SHANNON— In this city, July 14, 1898, James
Raymond, beloved son of Charles and Mary
C. Shannon, a native of San Francisco, aged
7 years 11 months and 25 days.
WEBSTER— In this city, July 14, 1898, be-
loved son of the late Lyons and Mrs. P.
Webster, and brother of Mrs. H. Jacoby of
Orovllle and William, Max. Minnie and
Juliet Webster, aged 17 years 10 months and
1 14 days. %&■«£:*!&*&■
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tile funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 502 Van Ness avenue, thence by train
to Salem Cemetery, San Mateo.
WINKLE— In Sonoma, July 14, ISO*. William
Winkle, beloved brother of Alice Winkle,
Mrs. Martha Adler and the late Henry Win-
kle, a native of Hesse-Cassel, Germany,
aged 64 years 3 months and 2 days.
lETFrlends a. I acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to nttend the funeral to-morrow
.(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co. 948 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WITCH— In this j city. July 14, IS9S, Rosie.
dearly beloved wife of Philip Witch, and
* mother of Jacob, Rosie and Henry Witch, a
- native of Switzerland, aged 32 years.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER.
fCKKHAI, DIRECTORS & EMBALMEBJ
. .10 iI*TH ST., Opp. Lincola baawl. :
'■ Telephone, South 80.
IH. B. m'avoy. Manager. ■ I
mc/woY &. Co., 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEB* I
. 1235 Market St. between Bth and 9th. 1
1314
IB -■-H-B-B-b-B-B-B-B-H-M-H-B-B-B-M |F I i" || 1 | |^| MR^ M IMI^ I B-B-BMB-B-B-D-B-H-B-B--B-B-B-B-B-B-B /' I
Tlie Least Damageit Portions ? fffft oAIL DAnhAlliO>! ° You Eesp t&e Benefit f : f
T ... OF THE ... B ° °- | ... OF ... II I
I ■ Siminoff Cloak Factory ~ - — — ; ThQ Loss ; aid by the In .f • |
a ; Stock Now Reached. 1 TO-DAY WE SELECT FOR CLEARANCE a I I surance Companies- I I
| B _ B _ H _ B _ B B _ B _ B _ B __ B _ B _ B _ B _ B _ B _ B _ B variety of lines from the least damaged portions of ■-■-^-■-■-■-■-^-■-■-.---■-■-■-■-■-H-e |
i ri n' n , if the SIMINOFF Cloak Factory stock of Cloaks, Suits, ¥L. , ? . ■ ._. . f i
I LiOSK llepartnieflt ! Sklrts and Cloak and Dress Materials, and '.con- : : Louies Shift WSISIS! I
| — — nectlon with them we also Invite attention to a ! - — # I
i LADIES' CAPES. riRFAT SPEPTAT PIIRPHASF nf I AniFS' SHIRT 35c LAD n:s ' pcr LE shirt waists m^ncy^ds, yok e back. res . f
1 CO OS LADIES' BLACK SILK CAPES, lined with .Ilk. yokes trimmed UAJL/i 1 OIT £,1.1/11. F U ALII AOJL UI L/iJJIJIO 0111111 uRr price 75c. will be placed on special sale at 35c. .9
® vD^.»3 with lace, necks finished with silk and lace, worth $6 50; sale l^/'ATCTC whirh "U7O CDPllUnrl at firmnno +V»a+ nnahln > 9
I pnce « 85 - - w Aib ia, wnicn we secured :at iigures that enafile ,- LAD , ES . FANCT STRIPED SHIRT WAISTS> blouse frontt yoke I
(S) CO QC LADIES' BLACK SILK CAPES, lined with silk, empire backs, x -.^P^^ nTY , o4o 4- «Jw»l* , b>ck, regular price 75c; will be placed on sale at 35c. I
V 4>J.^J handsomely beaded and braided, necks finished with lace and rib- US IIJ (jIIuP 1116111 Ql — il_ --- •••'-• - T
© bon, worth $7 50; Bale price $3 95 each. "•" wj.o.wx lxauaaa «. v. — _ i
(i) ZZIIZZZZZZIZIZZ^ZZIIIIIZZZZIZZIZ: 6OC LIA:Dr J ' FANCY CHECKED SHIRT WAISTS in pink, blue and lav- I
® LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, fl I T I III" 0 H '0 I SiT Btyle raake ' regular prlce <1: wm be placed on Bpeclal I
0 Ode- LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, lined with . I flYf\ 1 ' 1 II S I S «Hk l^% M«^ /^J^>ft^l#>VAAl ' ~~~~ 4>
1 Jjt percaline and bound with velvet, worth $1 50; sale price 95c each. f Iflll " I II i isM 1 111 I M I SISSI %111 l f\(\r LADIES ' PLAID SHIRT WAISTS in all fancy colors, plaited back, I
I ~ II 1 \ I DA I I§BS 1 §111 IN" jA HJi I 9 1 »Ji M I v ' vv ' ' heavy percale, regular price $1; will be placed on sale at 60c. V
(?) Cl £fk LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, double ■111 I ISi 1 II I 881 l I I I M 1I I II fl ■1 il * ' «
T •PI.3U lined and bound with velvet, worth $2 50; sale price $1 50 each. ] LI i^ | IVi % 11 I WV/ I J\J vi %vi JI vl V/ VA W I "
I <K3 en LADIES ' BLACK ALPACA DRESS SKIRTS ' ba^ adere Btrlpcs ' 75 C INDIES' CHAMBRAY SHIRT WAISTS in plain colors of pink and I
V <k^l Cf| double lined and bound with velvet, worth sale price $3 50 each. ■ . ', " / sJC . pointed yoke with blouse front reeular nrice $1 25- will be®
V CD3.3U double lined and bound with velvet, worth $5; sale price $3 50 each. __^ placed on s^pecial sale at 7?c T
T GA PA LADIES' BLACK MOIRE SILK DRESS SKIRTS, bayadere stripes, ~™ ~~~ I . — — — — — — — _ . ®
I * ea°ch ble lined and bcund " lth velvet ' worth 56 50: sale price * 4 50 fnlnrorl IWcc fthnilcl ' UUr\r Uracc nn/lc ! 75c LADIES> FINE PERCALE and gingham shirt waists, ma <f,
c ? vOIOi&U l/iwoo liuOOS! DIuCK llifiSS UOOfIS ! in , the test style> resu:ar pr ' ce 51 25: wln be placed on speclal ?
0 C>f: Aft LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, lined with ¥VIVIVII *'* ¥UU V»\/vr%#»^t JL " WVU 1/IVOU UUUMO • sale at 75c. T
V M*\l«"\/ silk and bound with velvet, worth $10; sale price $6 each. ' = . ■ : V
I <j;7 Eft LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, lined with OK r 42 pieces 54-INCH ALL-WOOL HEAVY " 25C ■ fiffhtly^SlmS^woiS^-^ale^S^fc 00 LADIES ' HEAVY PERCALE " and GINGHAM SHIRT WAISTS in 'f
<•) q>/.DU percallne and bound with velvet, worth $12 50; sale price $7 60 JjC HEATHER MIXED SUITING, in tan and pray vif-d damaged, worth 60c - sale price 2oc ItVU fancy plaids, checks and stripes, regular price $1 50; will be placed (i)
fa each. effects; regular price $1 a yard; will be offered f j y on special cale at $1. • T
rfa m t Ampt; l -rt Ar-K RnnrAriPT) <?tt v t>tcp^ «;K-TTfTq flmihiA iin^ at 35 ° a yard * . 100 yards 54-INCH CHEVIOT; worth $1; sale T
| $8.50 "S5 B t °^, l , B sga. D ssffg ffg? gs^^sar . = sOc .*.».»-*• - ■, $1.00 "?^™a£ i s^s^vi^^gw2 i s l irif : s 11 1
$ =^™=^= : 75c ¥ww E r e %m-r TT c GHG H n^ L -s?. o u^. SC SS $1 00 MfficS-E$F&; sl*;^ ■■: ."- I
a\ I JinJFC? dTIHT^ TWEED ft SUITING, X new mixtures, former ! sale price $1 yard. " . Cl LADIES' FINE MADRaS WAISTS in small checks and , plaids, I
® LADfiCO OUll O. price noo a yard; on special sale at 75c a yard. ■ » *i!_ ty.ZO pointed yoke back, regular price $1 75; will be placed on sale at <?
?CC Aft LADIES" SUITS in brown mixtures, fly front, jacket lined with silk '•> $2.00 t Sn' ftTr^Slof SSe^SS^wJS $1 * • ' T
(i) v?O.UU serge , skirts double lined and bound with velvet, worth $10; sale v^.V/v NETIAN for tailor-made suits; worth : - V
I price $5 each. , „ IV/ ,_ TXTT: , .T T T^.. T ■_:._ $3 00, sale price $2 yard. Cllt; LADIES' BLACK WAISTS, made of fine quality sateen, made In 7
<•> 7C: r 29 pieces 56-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL ENG- 3>l.^J latest style, regular price $1 75; will be placed on sale at $1 25. fa
A CT t^H LADIES' NAVY BLUE CLOTH SUITS, fly front. Jackets bound ' LISH MELTON SUITING; extra value for • <r-> Tr^irTnf^^ir AT : I ' ! • 1
© with braid and lined with silk serge, skirts double lined and $1 50 a yard; will be offered at ,5c a yard. 1^ JT^ CL V-> 1 /"\ JL-^ • *| (-/> LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, made of fine quality organdie and per- 9
© bound with velvet, worth $12 50; sale price $7 50 each. . REMNANTS AND DRESS LENGTHS will be closed < l#sJV cale. regular price $2; will be placed on sale at $1 50. . ,; fa
X. -" out at half-price. ' — — : — __ ,- ;. f
(i) jm TtZr- 31 pieces 52-INCH GOOD "ALL-WOOL BROWN . r*r> + * TV -l i ' • Ah A
' $4] * MIXED COVERT CLOTH, summer colorings; Wtllr I fi/!!\*^fl fTtftt CitlT ' ' ' ' mU T
® 4. LX worth ?1 50 a yard; on special tale at Too a wIIIV IP I/0. 1 llwllLi wralu ©
X <fl /Vt^ ~ZZHH. ... ' rjA*^ 300 yards BLACK FIGURED TAFFETA . <j /^fegm f
m* y /jsyiS SILK, 24 inches wide; worth Toe; will be closed /X *%. T jgSsS ®
f\ /a y^Tl $®5: W & $A 00 22 P leces 54 - IN C H ALL-WOOL BROWN out at 50c a yard. . /I f\ 65&ff J* M " <•)
X 111 / a >*r (llslv'%* (\/7J^^) ' $1 75 a yard; will be off ered'' at%l Vyard. ° 75^ 400 yards BLACK BROCADED SATIN, small 11/ B a (fl SW^T f\ /f J^^^) T
ffl/Wifrw*irf iHs&Wr? S| 00 19 PleCeS 56 - INC f ! ALL-WOOL BRONZE O3C neavj^quality; worth $1 25;^ will be clo'sed^out \jj]ffl^/ wj^P SL^m If^TT ImhO
® / $ fp^r^^^ / *^l HO' 00 yards COLORED SATIN RHADAMES; / BtTß^&r / '
/ Ij f tie i ♦4»>«VV WO rth $1 50; will be closed out at $1 a yard- / jm / ff~ /
® I FI Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / , . 75 C " pi^ e Vnv^R?s F TS^N-r LL " WOOIj , blue si 25 500 yards plaid taffeta - silk, medium lirlw Market. Jones and McAllister Sts / i
y \J& I// ' / ' MIXED COVERT SUIT. ING, extra value fsr v '«* 3 and large designs; worth $165- will be closed I 0 I W Ulttlmwl '> «»WUWa OUU mvniujivi JU., g . 1
A V^ \Jr San Pranc!&co> # $1 25 a yard; on special sale at 75c a yard. \ out at $1 25 a yard. ' \^> Son Francisco. /- - X
STUCK IN THE
MUD ALL NIGHT
Joe Warren's Experience
on the Water Front.
WILL NOT SOON FORGET IT
FELL THROUGH A HOLE IN
ONE OF THE WHARVES.
It Was Evening When the Accident
Happened and It Was Broad
Daylight Before He
Was Rescued.
Joe Warren, a machinist on the steamer
Centennial, had an experience last Wed
nesday night that he will not forget in
many a long day. His vessel is lying out
in the stream off Long Bridge and War
ren was due on board at S p. m. He went
to the Folsom-street landing early in the
evening in hoj^es of finding the ship's boat
there, but was disappointed. He waited
around until nearly S o'clock and then
started for the Mail dock thinking the
boat might have come in there. While
taking a short cut over the city's portion
of the water front he fell through one of
the numerous holfs in the wharf and
Xound himself up to his neck in mud and
water.
In his fall Warren struck a stringer and
hurt his left arm, side and leg. He yelled
for assistance but none came, and think
ing the tide was rising he scrambled to a
pile and there kf-pt his head above water.
At intervals he npeated his cries for help,
but no one lizard him, and at last he be
came so exhausted that he could not be
heard even if anybody ha/1 been around.
Aft'-r hanging to the pile for several
hours Warren found that the ti<V wns
going out and soon the mud in which he
was standing was clear. He was then
powerless to help himself and his arm and
lrg were paining him considerably. He
must then have fainted, because he re
members nothing mort; until he awoke to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
My babjr sister bad a rash, causing her in-
tense suffering. We bad doctors, and tried
everything, without a cure. It would scab
over, crack open, a -watery matter would ooze
out and the scab fall off. W« procured a box
of Citiccei (ointment), a cake of CtmctrnA
Soap, and Coticcra Resolvent, and she was
entirely cured without a scar being left.
Miss LIIXIE CHASE, Bristol, Vt.
feidt Ccm TtitTsisirT.— Warm bafhi with Ctm-
ctiia bOAP. gent!* anointings with Cdticdba. th« great
•kin core, and mild do»e»of Cpticcba Kksoltiict.
S Sold throughout the world. Potter Dsco ASD Cnnb
Prop*., Barton. How to Cur* £r«rjr flumori AW>
find himself lying in the mud. the tide
coming in and it broad daylight. He then
began calling for help again, and finally
two boys heard him and went to his as
sistance. They got him on the wharf after
sOme trouble and then took him to the
Harbor Receiving Hospital, where Dr.
Stafford dressed his wounds, ant! made him
comfortable. Warren says that it will be
many a long day before he again attempts
to navigate the water front without a
guide. «
The Merchants' Exchange was gayly
dressed with bunting yesterday in honor
of General Bhafter'B victory in Cuba. On
the principal blackboard Captain Emery,
manager of the exchange, put up the an
nouncement of the fall of Santiago and
then th^ whole was draped with American
flags. The effect was very pretty and
Captain Emery received many compli
ments during the day.
The new schooner Dewey, the first of
her name, came in from Eureka yesterday
in tow of the tug Maggie. The Dewey
started from Xehalem Bay with 300.000
feet of lumber aboard and put into Eu
reka on the way down. The Dewey will
be used in the coast lumber trade.
The Frank A. Ra<-kliff*. another Klon
dike schooner, arrived from Philadelphia
yesterday. The gold-hunters who came
out on her are very anxious to reach Daw
son, so they will leave the vessel here and
nush on to St. Michael by steamer. The
Rackliff had a very uneventful passage
to San Francisco.
The river steamer Mary Ellen Galvin
was to sail to-day in tow of the Cleveland
tor St. Michael, but owing to some neces
sary repairs and alterations it will be sev
eral days before she gets away. The Gal
vin will not take any passengers and those
v/ho had bought tickets by her have had
their money refunded.
ROLLET WAS IN A
DESTRUCTIVE MOOD
CHOPPED UP THE FURNITURE
AND ABUSED HIS WIFE.
Divorce Granted the Unhappy Couple.
Marital Woes of the Hansens.
A Decree Granted Mrs.
Husbands.
Nellie Rollet was granted a divorce from
Thomas Wilfred Rollet by Judge Hunt
yesterday on the ground of extreme cru
elty. The allegation of Mrs. Rollet that
her husband was a man of ungovernable
temper and treated her in an inhumane
manner was well-founded, and many of
the specific charges made by the plaintiff
were corroborated by competent evidence i
during the trial of the case. Mrs Rollet I
alleged that on St. Patrick's day of last
year her husband, who is a teamster in
the employ of the Pacific Gas Improve
ment Company, became angry at her and
struck her a severe blow in the mouth
loosening her teeth and lacerating her lips'
On a subsequent date he used a clothes
wringer as a weapon in an endeavor to
seriously injure her. Not content with
this, he turned his attention to the furni
ture, and when all of it had been badly
damaged. If not completely demolished he
turned his attention to a piano and with
an ax destroyed its value as a decorative
piece of furniture. Evidence regarding all
the allegations was hoard, and a divorce
was promptly granted the palintiff The
custody of a minor child was *iven to
Mrs. Rollet.
The action of aLrs C. Hansen for a di
vorce from his wife. Margre*he liinsen
was also heard by Judge Hunt, but in that
case a divorce was denied Hansen
charged his wife with Intemperance and
in return she filed a Cross-complaint ask
ing that a decree of divorce be granted
her on the ground of cruelty. The evi
dence introduced, however was insuffi
cient. In the mind of the court to warrant
interference, and the prayers of both liti
gants were denied. The' custody of five
children was granted Mrs. Haneen and
her husband was ordered to pay her $25 I
alimony each month.
Mildred Husbands was granted a divorce
from William Husbands on the ground
th . a i HH e latter fallcd to P^vide his wife
with the common necessaries of life.
Henry W. Chapman writes on
How to Succeed as a Salesman, in
next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1898.
PLAYERS ARE
WAKING UP
Energy and "Snap" in
the Team Work.
GOOD PROSPECTS FOR FANS
AT LAST THE LEAGUE SEEMS
WELL ON ITS LEGS.
Line Hits of the Local and Interior
Diamonds, Noting the Changes
and Improvements Among
the Various Clubs.
BY JOE CORBETT.
The teams composing the Pacific Coast
League are playing much better ball
these days than one would imagine. Last
Sunday all over the circuit good baseball
i was the order of things, even in our own
city, where in the past so many miserable
exhibitions have been witnessed.
The leaders and those reputed to be
! good teams lived up to their reputation,
| yet for superb playing were outdone by
I the lesser lights, Stockton and San Fran
j Cisco. These two t^ams put up a gamo
in Stockton last Sunday the like of which
has not been seen in that town for many
a day. For thirteen innings they fought
and struggled for supremacy, only to be
; compelled to retire with honors even by
tho going down of the sun. The exclte
! ment attending this grand game was of
j such a nature as to completely unnervo
; some of the boys, who are not as yet re
: covered from its effects.
Every game played out of towh was ex
j cellent and a credit to the boys. The
games at Recreation Park, especially
i that of Sunday, were exhibitions worthy
j of two times the attendance.
The situation at the present moment is
encouraging. Indeed. The managers as
! well as players have realized the urgent
necessity of playing good ball, and in
view of this fact the games from now on
will no doubt be the best seen" here in
i some time.
| This conclusion I have reached by no
j ticing the improved condition of most of
j the teams, ar.d the snappy, gingery spirit
j displayed by the Fresnos and Athletics
while playing last week. This spirit ot
, playing hard and earnestly to win was as
; scarce as good games but a short time
! ago. Teams would go upon the field de
void of vivacity and the other qualifica
tions so necessary to a team's success.
They would play as though it made no
| difference to them whether school kept
i or not, and consequently the most miser
! able exhibitions of the game ensued. They
I would not practice because it was too
much like work, and, in short, both man
agers and players appeared to have be
come inflated with the idea that all that
was necessary to make the league a
howling Buccess was to get together a
' few teams, fit them out with uniforms
] and bats, and let it go at that.
I They unfortunately overlooked the prin
j cipal and most important part of all, that
iof "playing good ball." This oversight
would have amounted to but little, had
all the mornhig papers undertaken to
make their fight. When It became ob
vious that no such luck vu theirs and
that the papers intended writing them up
i in strict accordance with the rules gov
erning baseball, they should have met the
I situation just as it presented itself, by
playing: good ball, and receiving good no
tices in return. They were provokingly
slow in realizing t hi.-;, despite the fact
that they were spoken of as they played j
and acted. The change, however has i
really asserted itself. The panics of late i
have been 90 per cent better than they
wore three weeks ago. The people are j
gradually becoming interested, and tho j
way they cheered and applauded during '
Sunday's game, at Kecroation Park, only j
goes to demonstrate what the outcome i
will be, if the teams continue playing in '<
their present form. And I can see no rea- j
son why they should not if they continue
to practice, and exhibit the same lively
spirit so conspicuous of late.
I The Second Battallion of Washington
volunteer Infantry hap organized v ;
; ball team, and is quite anxious to try eon- i
i elusions with some of the teams now
! playing around and in San Francisco.
• I have been endeavoring to arrange a j
I g.-ime for the pleasure of the soldiers, but '
those clubs with whom I have talked on
tho subject are overburdened with sohed- !
tiled games, and regret exceedingly their '
inability to compete. Any team wishing
to play them ran complete arrangements i
by addressing a letter to baseball depart
ment of The Call.
The Golden Gates, n-ho on last Sunday '
played }.he Wat»onviHes, claim that mVi
stead of being defeated they were robbed.
This team for an amateur organization Is
second to none in the State, and Its claim
is that it defeated the Watsonvilles in the
last inning, only to be robbed by the urn.
pire, who. after calling a hit fair, which
gave them three runs and the game,
| changed his decision and said the ball
I was foul. The Golden Gates refused to
continue the game after they had won it
fairly, and the umpire therefore complet
ed his unfair work by giving the game to
the Watsonvilles. Queer methods those.
The Golden Gates have won fifteen j
games without a defeat. The line-up is
as follows: Carroll, shortstop; Sullivan,
catcher; Dougherty, first base; Welsh,
third base; Bulger, pitcher; Tracy, left
field; Monahan. center field; Crawford,
second base; Walters, right field.
Pop Lockhead is in the game again
and demonstrated last Sunday that he
still retains his old time rapidity. His
style of hitting seems to have improved
materially.
Tim Shanahan, the star center fielder
of the Brewers, made the greatest catch j
seen in Sacramento this season in Sun- i
day's game. After a long run he caught
a hot line hit off Dean's bat when the |
ball was within a few Inches of the
ground.
Sykes, the tall first baseman, is com
pelted, owing to a broken linger, to retire '
from the game indefinitely. His retire
ment will be a severe loss to the Oak
lands, who at present are slightly on the j
toboggan.
Henessoy's return tp the game last Sun- i
day, when he played first base for the '
Brewers, was hailed with delight by all
the fans. In consequence the largest I
crowd of the season assembled to wit- j
ness the game, and gave "Doc" a very I
flattering reception. In return "Doc" j
played a beautiful game at. first and It j
is hoped he will remain in the game.
Catcher Peters, the clever backstop of !
the Stocktons, has been released. It is j
a mystery how sonic of these teams get
along. No doubt next week Peters will !
be heard from again catching for the I
tail-enders.
"Ham" Iberg is again in line, having
settled his troubles with the San Jose j
management. If McGucken's letter to I
Iberg was anything like the one he wrote \
me, I cannot see how he could refuse to i
return. Really, Me, I never gave you
credit for being such a clever fellow.
The superb manner In which Stultz is
holding down short stop for the Athleticß
has caused no end of speculation as to I
the team's pennant chances. It was j
rather weak at times in that position, i
but If Stultz can keep up his good work |
the team will bear very close watching.
Pyne should be played in the outfield,
as he will show to better advantage and
can do better work.
"Kid" Peeples is playing the game of
his life at third. He is. however, playing
in hard luck with the Stockton scorer, as
every time he goes there he has been I
charged with an error, when, it is said,
there was no possible chance for one be
ing charged to him. The "Kid" is gain-1
ing some reputation as a "bunter," and
occasionally works the hit and run. Vnis j
style of play is very scarce out here, and I
more of it would be appreciated.
Ed Hutchison, who was captain of the
Cedar Rapids team until it recently dis
banded, Is to be signed by the Gilt Edges.
They are determined to cinch that pen
nant.
There is no truth in the report that
j I^ockhead and Shanahan have been re
; leased by the Gilt Edge management.
I They are still on the pay roll, and will
continue to be so.
On Sunday, July 17, the Kohlberg.
| Strauss & Frohman baseball team will
; contest with the Watsonvilles at Watson
; viHe. for the benefit of the Red Cross
i Society of that town. The game prom-
I ises to be a good one, as both teams are
| very evenly matched. The last time they
; met It took Watsonville ten innings to
I win the game.
DROWNED IN THE BAY.
Body of Michael Hughes and an TJn-
known Man Found.
The body of Michael Hughes, a laborer,
who resided at 214 Shipley street, was
] found floating in the bay off Powell-street
i wharf yesterday morning. He has been
1 missing since last Tuesday.
The body of an unknown man was found
I floating off Lombard-street wharf yester
i day afternoon by John Gatley of the Gov
1 ernor Perkins. The deceased was a man
| about 60 years of age, bald-headed and
wearing a beard on his chin well streaked
with gray. He had on a suit "Cif blue
: beaver, the pockets of which were filled
with stones. The features are badly dis
i torted, and the body had evidently been
i in the water for a week or ten days.
INTERNE ROBBED AT
HARBOR HOSPITAL
STRANGE STORY TOLD BY DR.
HOLLAND.
Stopped in the Darkness by a Tall
and a Short Man and
"Stood Up."
< A. F. Holland, an interne at the Harbor
Hospital, reported to Sergeant Cook of
the harbor station Wednesday that he had
been held up and . robbed on ■ the . water
front by the well . known tall and short
man who generally figure in robberies.
According to Holland's story he left the
hospital, where he was on duty, early in
the evening and went up to Market street.
were he purchased some stationery. As
he returned to the hospital he noticed two
men, one tall and the other short, stand
ing between the hospital stable and -the
Harbor Commissioners' tugboat house. At
the hospital he wrote' some letters, and
about half-past 10 o'clock went to post
them. As he passed the stable the tall
man jumped out, grabbed him around
the waist and closed his mouth with his
hand. The short man reached into Hol
land's right pocket and took out $22, and
then the two ran up East street toward
Mission.
Holland says ne was dazed for a few
moments and walked up toward Market
some distance before he realized that he
had been robbed. When he made the dis
covery he reported his loss to the police.
Holland claims that he had altogether
$39 on his person— the $22 he lost in one
pocket, two in another and fifteen in a
third. He says that when he passed the
men the first time he had his hands in his
pockets ' and supposes the robbers heard
it jingle.
■ » ■
Policy of the New America, by
Henry Norman, Special Commis
sioner of • the London Chronicle, in
next Sunday's Call. v
Acted in Self-Defense.
The case of John Palmer, charged with
murder, was dismissed by Judge Mogan
yesterday on the ground that he acted in
self defense. On the night of July 2 Pal
mer and E. R. Patterson, a carpentwr, who
lived in the same house, 1155 Folsom street,
had a dispute and Patterson hit Palmer
on the head with a club, fracturing his
skull. Palmer closed with him and threw
him over the balustrade, causing his
death a few days later. Palmer was de
fended by Attorney Caldwell, who had
been requested to do so by the Judge.
MAY SEEK THE
ELUSIVE DEER
Open Season Ushered in
This Morning.
MANY MEN IN THE FIELD
DOVES IN THE LIST OF GAM<*
THAT MAY BE SOUGHT.
Shooters Are Promised the Best
Sport Enjoyed in Many Years
Owing to the Abund
ance of Birds.
Under the game laws of California, the
open season for shooting deer and doves
is ushered in this morning-. Many sports
men are already in the fields, but the ma
jority from this city will not leave until
this evening or to-morrow. Not for many
years has a season given promise of such
royal sport, and, unless all the subtle
signs known to huntsmen fail, the men
who go far afield will return with game
bags filled to repletion.
If reports are to be believed the coun
try Is teeming with doves and deer. The
past winter was a mild one. There was
but little snow In the Sierra Nevada
Mountains, so the deer have multiplied.
The light rainfall caused the small water
holes to dry unusually early this year
with the result that the deer will be found
in greater numbers near the large streams
than heretofore.
The members of the Country Club and
Mt. Tamalpais Club In Marln County are
promised excellent sport by their game
keepers, who have been zealous in the
preservation of the game under their
charge. Many parties will plunge at once
into the fastnesses of Mendocino County,
which is practically the home of the deer
in this State. A party made up of Her
bert Spencer, Charles Dletz. Lloyd Eaton
and F. Hoitting left on Thursday for
Hound Valley, Mendocino County.
J. Cadman will put his sporting for
tunes to the test in the field some forty
milr-s above Ukiah. Paul Delmas and
\V%i.im Berg will enjoy the sport pro
vldcu by the Mt. Tamalpais Club pre
serves.
John E. Richards and son left on Wed
nesday for Shasta in quest of deer.
Judge W. ~W. Morrow left on Tuesday
for Trinity County, and will be ready for
the elusive deer when the season is ush
ered in this morning.
Dr. C. W. Hibbard. accompanied by his
family, and George Hibbard leave to-day
for the Geysers. They will divide their
attention between deer and trout.
Doves are to be found in abundance
throughout the greater portion of the
State. They are particularly numerous in
the district about Walnut Creek, Dan
ville, Pleaeanton and Livermore. Merced
and Tulare counties will provide more
than their share of the birds, while to the
north, near Vacaville. the shooter's only
complaint will be that the birds are too
numerous. There are a number of fresh
water springs in this vicinity from which
the doves cannot be driven away.
Dan O'Connell clears up a Sausa
lito mystery, in next Sunday's Call.
Could Not Stand Disgrace.
Corporal William Hedge of the Sixth
California Regiment Is In the Receiving
Hospital recovering from a dose of Rough
on Rats which he swallowed early yes
terday morning in a house on Fourth
?wn e H« 'ew days ago he was absent for
two days without leave, and he was In
formed that he would be reduced to the
£££♦ TI }JB made him despondent and he
sought relief in Rouph on Rats He is
now sorry that he did it.
===============
~ " ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIT FOR A KING.
Is our patrons' verdict on our artistic
laundry work. We take pains to please
—we must please! Our reputation as
an Al first-class laundry is at stake
if we don't, and we want it to be the
King pin in San Francisco, as a Mecca
for. those who want laundry work done
so as to make their linen look like new
every time. And we do it! •-
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420. 1
DR. PIERCES BELT
riSd.-^&^-iSl^ \1 / WILL ,_ CURE ■ WHEN
< i«W3^lk'^ everything else falls.
i«\^sS^«^/i^f\ letters like the follow-
Mjj^p*7Ta?=??3£«H in f are arriving dally:
Mg*^^^^^ MOXTROSE Colo.,
«^S^^^^^^ PR. PIERCE &' SON-
"T«w Gentlemen: For the
■vCf^' benefit of others I desire
<«() to say that I am 52 years
W old; have been In the
mines for 25 years,, where I contracted my dis-
ease. I have been doctoring for about 8 years
and have been to different hot springs without
much benefit. My disease is rheumatism and
: neuralgia, liver and stomach troubles and spinal
; disease. Was almost paralyzed, and my blood
I was poisoned. I contracted these diseases by
working in lead ores and In foul air In tho
mines. I received your Electric Belt and Spinal
Appliance about 6 months ago, and from the
great benefit I have already received I think I
will soon be A WELL MAN. I was then suffer-
ing with pains day and night, with swelling of,
the Joints and poor circulation of the blood; but
I am now ever so much benefited by using your
Belt and Appliance. I am, yours respectfully
CHRIS JOHNSON
E7"Be sure you buy no belt till you see Dr
Pierces. Address or call on the
PIERCE 'ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San
Francisco. . jv~
Wright's Man VeptaNe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of pemons who
have used them for over forty rears to cur.
Grossman's Specific iitm
\V tth this remedy • persons 'can - cure them-
lelves without the least exposure, ■,' chance of
diet or change In application to business. .-. Th«
medicine contains t nothing of the least . Injury
Price? nThou!*?* ** TOUr dro *« trt «« 2