VOLUME LXXXIir.— NO. 172.
OUR GUNS BATTERING
AT CUBAN FORTS
WILL THE ENEMY RUN
OR GIVE BATTLE?
This Is the Most Serious Problem
Now Troubling the Adminis
tration at Washington.
General Merritt Will Leave To=Day for San Francisco.
lie Is to Have All the Troops That lie
Thinks Necessary.*
Call office, Riggs House,
Washington. D. C, May 20.
Instructions were to-day tele
graphed to Admiral Sampson at Key
West to coal and provision his ships
without delay, to take on board all
available supplies of ammunition and
start at the earliest possible moment in
pursuit of the Spanish fleet now be
lieved to be at Santiago de Cuba.
These explicit and manda
tory instructions are believed
to outline, the preparations re
ferred to in a press dispatch
from Key West late this aft
ernoon, stating that "events
of surpassing interest are ex
pected to develop near here
within twenty -four hours,
details of the movements not
being permitted to pass the
censor." Secretary Long to
day suspended the rule re
garding the giving out of
news concerning fleet move
ments long enough to con
firm two important press dis
patches, one locating the
Spanish fleet at Santiago and
the other announcing the ar
rival of Admiral Sampson at
Key West.
Concerning the first repoit
the Secretary would only say
that from the information re
ceived by the department it
was believed that Admiral
Cervera has entered the har
bor of Santiago de Cuba with
his fleet The earliest report
made to the department by
Admiral Sampson upon his
arrival at Key West embraced
the intelligence that the mag
azines of certain of his ships
were in need of replenishing,
having been depleted during
the bombardments in which
the vessels had been en
gaged.
Subsequently, by an ex
change of dispatches, it was
developed that by a redistri
bution of the shells of cer
tain calibers among the ves
sels of the fleet only a few
of the larger sizes would be
lacking and could be pro
cured -at Key West without
delay. Hence the depart
ment does not expect that
Admiral Sampson will remain
more than twenty-four hours
off the Florida coast. ■
Will the Spanish
fleet fight or run
The San Francisco Call
away? This is a
problem that the ad
ministration would
give much to solve
to-night.
If Cervera means either to
sail to Havana or to offer bat
tle to Sampson's fleet, for it
is believed he has been ad
vised from Madrid to-day of
the whereabouts of the Amer
ican squadron, his shortest
course would be to steam
westward along the Cuban
coast and attempt to force a
passage through the Yucatan
BIRDSEYE VIEW OF CUBA AND THE ADJACENT WATERS.
This Shows the Approximate Positions and Probable Movements of the Spanish Fleet, Reported as Bound From Santiago de
Cuba to Cienfuegos, and the Several American Squadrons as far as Known.
channel. Dispatch boats of
the blockading squadron are
patrolling this channel and
would speedily advise Samp
son of the presence of the
Spanish fleet and thus pre
cipitate the long - expected
encounter.
Looking over the charts of
Santiago harbor to-day, the
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MAY 21, 1898.
DON PASCUAL CERVERA.
Rear Admiral of the Spanish Armada, Commander-in-Chief of the Squadror) Which Has
Just Succeeded in Gettirjg Into Santiago de Cuba.
(From a PhotogTaph.)
War Department soon discov
ered that the place would be
a veritable rat trap for the
Spaniards, with its narrow
entrance, in which a single
American monitor could blow
up the whole Spanish fleet.
The officials of the Cuban Junta here
have carefully canvassed the probabili
ties regarding Cervera's movements.
Continued on Second Page.
SCHLEY IS
BOMBARDING
SANTIAGO
Attack on the Cuban Port
Berlin by the Warships
Early This Morning.
Hot Engagement With the Forts Is
On, and the Result of the
Combat Is in Doubt.
LONDON, May 21 — The Chronicle s
special cable from Kingston, Jamaica,
says:
Four of Schley's squadron approach
ed Santiago last night and exchanged
shots with the forts, but retired later.
The dispatch says the bombardment
was begun again this morning and the
result is yet doubtful. The engagement
is hot.
CERVERA'S MOVEMENTS.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ®® ®®(s)®®®(s>®®®®®(!)®®®'i>
® ®
MADRID, May 2o —Midnight— lt is as
® serted that Admiral Cervera's squadron has
| left Santiago de Cuba.
® ®
MADRID, May 20, 8 a. m.— At
10 o'clock last evening the Minis
ter of Marine. Captain Aunon, re
ceived a dispatch from Admiral
Cervera, in command of the Cape
Verde squadron of the Spanish
fleet. It read:
"SANTIAGO DE CUBA,
May 19. — This morning I
have without incident entered
this port accompanied by
squadron. CEBVEBA."
The Minister of Marine imme
diately went to the residence of
tho Premier. Senor Sagp.sta, and
communicated this information.
Up then proceeded to the palace
for the purpose of informing the
Queen Regent, but her Majesty
had already retired, and the
news was conveyed to her by the
Infanta Isabel.
Captain Aunon then went to
the Admiralty and cabled his
congratulations to Admiral Cer
vera on bis arrival at Santiago
de Cuba.
Admiral Cervera, says a cable
dispatch from Santiago de Cuba,
did not sight an American ship
during the voyage. He an
nounces that the crews of his
ships are in perfect health and
enthusiastic. Continuing, the
dispatch says:
"The blockading vessels quick
ly left on the approach of the
squadron, whose arrival has
created the greatest excitement
and enthusiasm at Santiago.
Immediately crowds of people
thronged the quays and cheered
our sailors. Havana's relief at
the safe arrival of the fleet is
very great, as it was feared the
American ships which left the
blockade there had gone to inter
cept the Spanish fleet. It is now
believed the Americans fled in or
der to avoid a reverse."
A Spanish official version of
the engagement they say has
taken place off Santiago de Cuba
yesterday previous to the arri
val of the Spanish fleet says the
American warships were re
pulsed, and adds that one of
them was injured.
NEW YORK, May 20.— According
to 7* Madrid dispatch Admiral Cer
vera telegraphed that after coaling at
Santiago .de Cuba he would sail for
Havana. '
*
SPANISH TORPEDO
BOATS AT CANARIES.;
■ LONDON," May 2L-A <Uap«itcb to : tie x
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
! Daily Mail from Las Palmas. Canary
! Islands, says: "The Spanish torpedo boats
■ Ariel?, Azor and Kayo to-day, with the
I armored transports San Francisco and
' Ciudad de Cadis, arrivt-d here. May 7 from
: the Cape Verde Islands. It is reported
i that the armnriir-nt fur the latter two has
, been increased recently. The Has'o is said
to be badly in need of repairs."
ANGLO-SAXON iLLIANCE
PLEASING TO SPAIN.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
VALENCIA, May 20.— People feel re
lieved here that the advanced Spanish
squadron finally arrived across the At
lantic, even if only to play a game of
hide and seek among the West India
Islands.
Its return to Spain without striking a
blow or giving any evidence of ita
strength would have been regarded as
a moral defeat.
A large and influential section of th«
Spanish press, far from regarding the
suggested Anglo-American alliance
with apprehension, hails it with a sort
of grim satisfaction. With England as
a declared enemy, openly allied with
the United States, Spain, It argues,
should no longer stand alone In her tre
mendous and unequal struggle. The
big European powers, which, under
cover of selfish neutrality, have hitherto
turned a deaf ear to the cry of Justice
and outraged international right and
morality, would then be forced to take
up the cause of this country from mo
tives of self-interest, the only lever
said to move them.
EVIDENCE OF THE
STRICT CENSORSHIP.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. 1., May 20.—
| Important arrival from the north at
; noon to-day.
This dispatch illustrates the strict
ness of the censorship which the Gov
ernment for good reasons has estab
lished over cable dispatches. Corre-
I spondents are not permitted to cable
; anything in regard to the movements
j of American warships.
The Herald-Ball's correspondent has
; done the best he could. As there would
i hardly have been any objection made
' to his cabling the arrival of foreign
I ships, the message evidently has refer
ence to the arrival of an American
! warship. What one can only be con
| jectured, but it may have been the aux
i iliary cruiser St. Paul.
BRITISH STEAMER
PUTS INTO WILLEMSTAD.
ODyTlfrhte<l. UN, • by James Gordon Bennett.
■i WILLEMSTAD, Curacoa. May 20.— The
British steamer. Restormel, with a cargo,
of coal bound for La Guayra, put in hero
tills morning, reporting that her machin
ery required slight repairs. This Govern
ment's neutrality allows no communica
tion with the steamer. '- This haa caused
a belief that the vessel must - have been
chartered by Spain to carry ■ cool to Ad
miral Cervera 1 s fl««gk2
111 THE ENEMY
RUN OB GIVE BATTLE?
Continued From First Page.
♦ which are of great interest to them, in
view of the fact that the insurgents
have a considerable force in the rear of
Santiago. They assert that it will be
useless for the Spanish admiral to at
tempt to land provisions and supplies
for Blanco's aid< as there is no railroad
communication between Santiago and
Havana, and an overland trip would oc
cupy from six weeks to two months.
The Cuban insurgents have had no
difficulty in controlling operations in
this territory, and Gomez's marauding
band would like nothing better than a
chance to capture sujiplies intended for
the relief of Havana. The only thing
Cervera can do, the Junta believes, is to
establish a base of operations at San
tiago and keep in tuoch with the
couriers which the Spanish Government
has undoubtedly dispatched to several
ports in the West Indies.
It is regarded as extremely doubtful
that the Spanish fleet will await the ar
rival of Sampson's squadron at San
tiago.
If a battle occurs within a few
days it is likely to be fought in the
Yucatan channel or in the neighbor
hood of Havana.
While the Spanish fleet is known to
be in Cuban waters, there will be no in
vasion of the island by American troops
until it has been disposed of. This
does not mean that the projected expe
dition has been abandoned, but merely
that the administration does not think
it wise to land a large force at a time
when it may be necessary to withdraw
from it the support of Sampson's fleet
in order to attack Spanish vessels else
where.
The report that General Miles favors
postponing the invasion until October
cannot be officially verified and is de
nied by his closest friends. The propo
sition is not entertained at the White
House.
After the Cabinet meeting to-day
Secretary Long said he expected to hear
nothing for several days.
"So completely has the Spanish strat
egy board covered up the evolutions
of the Spanish shies of war," said he,
"that it is difficult even to hazard a
guess as to the date of the next engage
ment."
"Will there be any engagement at
all?"
"I cannot say," he replied. "Of
course we will try to force a battle, but
we must catch our Spaniard before we
do anything to him."
The Cabinet discussed the matter of
the Philippine expedition and decided to
send as many troops as may be re
quired.
Major General Merritt arrived here
this morning and was an early caller at
the War Department. He was accom
panied by his aids de camp, Lieutenants
T. B. Mott and Harry C. Hale.
General Merritt is en route to San
Francisco, and only stopped over to
complete preparations for the Philippine
expedition. He spent most of the
morning at the War Department in con
sultation with Secretary Alger and Ad
jutant General Corbin. The Philippine
question was considered at great length
in almost every possible phrase. Gen
eral Merritt was asked if he had com-
pleted arrangements and replied "Yes.
in a measure. I have seen the Secretary
of War and the President."
"Will you return to New York before
leaving for San Francisco?"
"No; when I left New York I start
ed for the Philippines, and only stopped
at Washington at the request of the
President and Secretary of War. I
will leave Washington for San Fran
cisco to-morrow morning. I may stop
in Chicago for a day."
General Merritt was asked if he ex
pected tc get a sufficient force of men
for the expedition and said: "I expect
to get what I have asked for."
"How many regulars do you expect?"
"About 5000."
"What will be the probable size of the
entire expedition?"
"Anywhere from 16,000 to 17,000 men
or thereabouts."
Among the members of General Mer
ritt's staff already selected by him are:
Colonel J. B. Babcock, adjutant gen
eral; Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Pope,
quartermaster; Colonel R. P. Hughes,
inspector general; Captain Mott and
Captain Hale and Colonel Porter of the
Engineers.
POLICEMAN ACCUSED
OF TALKING TREASON.
A Charge of Disloyalty Preferred
Against an Officer on the
San Jose Force.
SAN JOSE, May 20.— E. S. Hinman,
a well-known resident of this city, to
day filed charges with the Police and
Fire Commission, accusing Police Of
ficer James F. Prindeville with having
uttered sentiments that were disloyal
and treasonable to the United States.
Hinman alleges that Prindeville said:
"They had no right to send the Maine
there. She went in for trouble and
she got just what she deserved. The
United States has no cause to go to war
with Spain, and ought to be licked."
The commission gave Prindeville ten
days in which to file a written answer.
Police Sergeant Thomas F. Hughes,
who went to Santa Cruz on Thursday
on an excursion and is alleged to have
indulged in a drunken escapade with a
number of women, was suspended for
ten days for leaving the city without
permission.
HOW SPANIARDS
JOLLY THEMSELVES.
MADRID, May 20.— The Gov
ernment, it is said, has received
a dispatch from Havana an
nouncing that "the rebels have
pronounced in favor of Spain,
and are now making common
cause with Spaniards to defeat
the Americans."
CHARLESTON TO
START TO-DAY
Repairs to the Cruiser
Completed.
READY FOR ITS VOYAGE.
THROUGH THE GOLDEN GATE
THIS AFTERNOON.
Baa Franciscans Will Have an Op
portunity to View a Typical
Fighting Machine Under
full Headway.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ON BOARD THE CRUISER
CHARLESTON, via Vallejo, May 20.—
The Charleston will sail for Manila at
11 a. m. to-morrow. This is official. The
repairs to the cruiser were finished at
5 o'clock this morning, and Captain
Glass knows now that his ship is ready
for her voyage across the Pacific. It
was found when the after condenser
was opened y sterday that but one tube
in the vacuum chamber was leaking.
The leak was a bad one, for it was this
condenser that had given most trouble.
The leaky tube was replaced ! y a sound
one from the lot received last night
from the Union Iron Works, the lot be
ing tubes it had been designed to put
into the condenser of the battle-ship
Wisconsin. Then the condenser was
tested most thoroughly and found to
be perfect.
The force from Mare Island yard la
bored all night and by midnight had
opened the forward condenser, where
seven tubes were found to be leaking.
The leaks were slight in all cases, but
the defective tubes were taken out and
replaced nevertheless. At 5 a. m. the
work was completed and the Charles
ton was once mure ready for sea and in
better shape, certainly, than she had
been when she made her first start on
Wednesday. All of to-day the ship has
been moored in the steam waiting for
the rest of the tubes received from San
Francisco to be cut to tit her con
denser. Captain Glass, it is clear, pro
poses to be prepared for all emer
gencies.
There Is yet some slight adjustment
of the compasses to be made. The ship
will reach Red Rock between noon and
1 o'clock to-morrow, and it will take an
hour and a half — certainly not longer—
to swing ship and correct the deviation.
That will be the last preliminary. Not
later than 2:30, Captain Glass esti
mates, he will head through the Golden
Gate. He will run down through
Raccoon Straits, making a stop at San
Francisco.
The city people. If it is clear, will have
a chance to see the warship passing
through the Gate. She is worth seeing
as she lies grim and dark in the stream
here. She will be better w< th seeing
as s=h>-> crosses the bar under forced
draught, speeding to the relief of Ad
miral Dewey.
The Charleston was always a beauti
ful cruiser on holiday parade. She is a
typical fighting machine and nothing
else in her war paint, her great guns
gleaming as the only bright spots on
her somber sides and the beauty of Old
Glory fluttering at the peak.
SOL N. SHERIDAN.
HOW EUROPE VIEWS
CERVERA'S MANEUVER.
Spanish Strategists Have Forced
America Into a Defensive
Attitude.
LONDON, May 20.— Admiral Cer
vera's maneuver excites the keen
est speculation here. In some
quarters the whole story is regarded
as a ruse designed to hurry the Spanish
Government, and the spreading of it
broadcast is supposed to hide sinister
motives. The bulk of opinion, however,
regards the news n authentic, and is
inclined to the belief that Admiral Cer
vera well knows re-enforcement is at
hand and that otherwise he would not
have risked bein? bottled up at San
tiago.
The Daily News directs attention to
the great secrecy preserved about what
is happening at the Canaries, where the
cables have been seized and the censor
ship is severe. It says:
"The question now arises whether
t!ie reserve squadron from Cadiz is not
already half way across the Atlantic.
One thing comes clear. The Spanish
strategists have a prearranged plan of
operation, while the Americans have
been forced by circumstances into a
defensive attitude. However, If Cer
vera is in Santiago de Cuba it ought
not to be difficult for Admiral Sampson
to find him. Thus it is possible that
there may be a big fight within a few
days."
The Daily Chronicle, on the other
hand, think* Admiral Cervera has
walked into a trap, from which he can
not escape, "thanks partly to the im
becility of the Spanish Government In
publishing his dispatch, which was
doubtless done to avert domestic
evils."
The Dally Chronicle concludes: "As
to hinted negotiations by Spain with
the powers, the best answer to them
would be an American victory, which
we hope to record Monday or Tues
day."
The Times says editorially: "Whether
publication will assist the success of
Admiral Cervera's operations Is ques
tionable, but it has undoubtedly helped
the new Ministers to make a favorable
debut in the Cortes. Certainly the sit
uation has Increased in interest."
The Madrid correspondent of the
Daily News says: "Admiral Cervera's
dispatch from Santiago de Cuba to the
Minister of Marine contained further
details for the information of the Gov
ernment alone. It is pointed out here
that the American plan was to gain
command of the sea as a condition to
future movements. Admiral Cervera's
brilliant move — reminding one of Lord
Nelson's race from the West Indies to
Trafalgar and his escape from the
French — deprives America of the com
mand of the sea and demonstrates to
the world that the blockade of Cuba is
merely nominal."
"Admiral Cervera has given the slip
to two powerful fleets that have been
scouring the ocean for a fortnight in
an endeavor to catch him. All the
American schemes depend thereupon.
Admiral Cervera, with four cruisers
and a few destroyers, alone in the At
lantic, ignoring events in Cuba and in
Porto Rico and the position of the
American squadron, has outmaneu
vered, disorganized and dispersed the
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SATTTKPAY, MAY 21, 1898.
latter, making the Americans believe
they were threatened on every side. 1
"The torpedo-boats Azor, Rayo and
Ariele steamed from Cape Verde Isl
ands to the Canaries with the utmost
precautions, hugging the coast by day
and covering their lights by night. The
Ariele, slightly damaged, was towed by
the Ciudad de Cadiz, and the trans
ports carried the smaller boats of the
Vizeaya, the Almlrante Oquendo, the ;
Cristobal Colon and the Infanta Maria
Teresa, probably because these vessels
might b© kept alear in view of possible
battle."
The Madrid correspondent of the
Standard says: "The blockade of
Cuba and Porto Rico is considered
lllusionary, as Spanish warships
and merchant vessels ar e fre
quently moving: from port to port
between the islands. For ex
ample, the mail steamer Alfonzo XIII
went out from San Juan de Porto
Rico to meet a vessel detached from
Admiral Cervera's squadron and then
continued its voyage to Spain after dt*
livering an important communication
for the commander.
"The success of Admiral Cervera In
avoiding the American fleets and keep
ing them on the alert excites much en
thusiasm and causes the press to
CHART OF THE HARBOR OF SANTIAGO Dh CUBA.
This Shows the Position of the City With Reference to the Entrance,
and the Tortuous Channel Leading Thereto, Which Is Said to Be
the Most Strongly Fortified Place in the We^st Indies.
BERNABE AT
LAST FORCED
TO DEPART
Goes F ror 0 Canada To-Day, but
Leaves Behind a Consul to
flct as Spy.
NEW YORK, May 20. — A Montreal special to the Herald says: It has
not been possible for Spain to postpone the departure of Senor Polo y
Bernabe any longer. To-morrow he will sail with all his staff by a Domin
ion liner for Liverpool.
He leaves behind, however, the Spanish Consul to try to continue gatn
ering information for the Spanish Government relative to United States mili
tary and naval movements. Authorities here are closely watching the Con
sul, and he will be promptly placed under arrest if the slightest deviation
from the neutrality law is detected.
Senor Polo y Bernabe now practically admits that he was requested to
return to Madrid, for it was learned to-night from an unimpeachable
source that the Canadian Government advised his departure. Owing to the
diplomatic fiction that such questions are not dealt with by the Canadian
Cabinet, it was possible for our Secretary of State to say that the Govern
ment had not interfered. The action was taken by the Governor-General,
who is the Queen's direct representative here, and who in such matters Is
supposed to, but never does, act without the knowledge of the Cabinet
clamor for a prompt dispatch of the
reserve fleet to the front."
FOUR BIG BUT
NOT BRAVE MEN.
They Pluked at Camp Tanner and
Received Harsh Treatment
From Comrades.
CAMP TANNER, Springfield, 111..
May 20. — Four men of the Fourth Regl
ment who at the last moment decided
not to be sworn in, were pelted with
mud, chased into a creek, and finally
drummed out of camp amid the jeers
of their late comrades. Four men of
Company D, of Belleville, fell out of
the ranks Just as the mustering officer
had the men raise their hands to be
sworn in. The men refused to volun
teer their services and sneaked away
amid the hisses of other members of
the crack company of the Fourth Regi
ment.
The four were: "Walker Knolboch,
Phil Martin, Adam Martin and J. L.
Lrenare. They were the four largest
men of the company, only one of them
being under 6 feet tall.
When the mustering of the company
was completed the four members which
"fluked" were followed through the
rear of the camp and were first pelted
with mud.
The treatment gradually became
more severe, and one of the fellows
cried and begged for mercy. All of the
four were finally pushed into the creek,
and there is no telling what would have
been done to them had not an officer
put in an appearance and ordered the
other members of the company to de
sist The four were then drummed out
of camp. All of the 150 soldiers followed
the drum and hissed the four as far as
they could see them.
Balomy Jane's Kiss: A thrilling
new story by Bret Harte begins in
next Sunday's Call.
TECHNICAL CHANGES
MUST NOW BE MADE.
So the Senate Finance Committee
Will Devote One More Day to
the War Revenue Bill.
WASHINGTON, May 20.— The Senate
Committee on Finance finds it neces
sary to make additional amendments
to the war revenue bill before proceed
ing further with the measure, and an
adjournment was taken at the close of
to-day's session until Monday In order
to allow the committee to devote the
entire day to-morrow to this work. A
session of the committee was held to
day, but there was not sufficient time
to reach a conclusion. There is no di
vision on party lines on most of the
changes required, as they are largely
of a technical character.
The most important change which
has been urged and which now seems
likely to be made is that altering the
tobacco schedule. It looks as if the
House rate of 12 cents a pound wiould
be restored on manufactured tobacco
and as if there would be a change in
the schedule, as it affects cigarettes.
There are some technical errors to be
corrected in schedule B, regarding pro
prietary medicines.
The question raised here is as to the
time the stamp should be affixed, and
there is much difference of opinion on
this point. There is also a desire to
have the mutual life insurance com
panies exempted from some at the re
quirements of the provision in regard
to insurance organizations, and a
movement to restore the House pro
visions relating to the building and
loan associations. It is probable other
matters will be considered at to-mor
row's meeting.
Shoes for the Volunteers.
WASHINGTON, May 20.— The com
plaints of the shoeless among the vol
unteers just brought into the army will
soon be silenced, as the War Depart
ment has just placed orders for 200,
000 pairs of soldiers' shoes.
STRIVING TO
LEAVE CUBA
Feverish Desire of Many
to Escape.
FIVE THOUSAND ARE BOOKED.
POOR FAMILIES TRYING TO BOR-
ROW MEANS.
It Is Reported That Santa Cruz de
Sur Has Fallen Into the Hands
of the Insurgents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, May 9 (via Vera Cruz,
May 13).— The weight of the blockade
is beginning to be felt here. Business is
almost at a complete standstill, and
there is hardly any movement in the
.streets, which have a sort of holiday
ippearance. The parks are almost de
serted, and there are very few people
o be seen on the Plaza dcs Arms at
light, although the band plays there,
:nd everything passible is done to keep
ip the spirits of the people.
There is a feverish desire to leave the
■?land. and over 5000 people are booked
t the office of the consignees of the
» rench steamer Lafayett*. which leaves
aero to-day for Vera Cruz, Mexico,
with this letter, which will be posted at
that port. In fact, an actual panic now
prevails, while, when the blockade
commenced, there was a feeling almost
of serenity among all classes. But
things have changed. The grim earn
estness of the Americans is steadily
forcing itself upon the minds of even
the most hot-headed Spanish officers,
though the latter are working vigor
ously at the fortifications, which have
been considerably strengthened and
improved since the war began. The
Spaniards, it must be admitted, are
preparing to fight as desperately as
possible under the circumstances.
Many families without means, desir
ing to emigrate, are endeavoring to
borrow money from more fortunate
people in order to pay their passage.
But it is impossible to see how their
condition will be improved to any con
siderable extent, even if they do suc
ceed in leaving the blockaded city, for
they have been rendered penniless and
their chance of earning a livelihood in
any foreign country is very slim.
There is considerable feeling against
the men who are desirous of leaving
the city, and posted on the corners of
houses all over the town you can see
such notices as follows: "Here are sold
women's skirts for men who are aban
doning the island of Cuba."
There has been no disorder in the city
or in the provinces, so far as is known,
though it is true people here are en
tirely ignorant of what is transpiring
at Santiago, no mail having been re
ceived from there for some time past
and the cable being in the hands of the
Government and almost exclusively
devoted to military operations, which
are about limited to evacuating the in
terior towns and . concentrating the
Spanish forces at or about the large
cities.
It is reported here that Santa Cruz
del Sur, on the south coast of Puerto
Principe, has fallen into the hands <>f
the insurgents. If this is the case the
latter now have a port at which their
friends can land arms, ammunition
and supplies without interference.
Other important events are said to
have transpired at Santa Cruz del Sur.
The officers of the Spanish gunboat
Cuba Espanola have reached Sancti
Spiritus, province of Santa Clara, by
land and are on their way to Tunas,
and from there by coasting steamer to
Cienfuegos. One report has It that the
commander of the Cuba Espanola
burned or blew up his vessel In order
to save It from falling Into the hands
of the Insurgents. Another version of
the affair says the gunboat may have
been captured by the insurgents.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vitalize Your Blood. Overcome That
Tire 4 Feeling. Get a bottle of
Hoods Sarsaparilki and begin to
take it TODAY, and realize the great
good it is sure to do you.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. All druggists.
WELCOMING
THE PASSING
SOLDIERS
Boys in Blue on the Way to
the Philippines Greeted
at Auburn.
At Chickamauga General Brooke
Completes the First Volun
teer Army Corps.
AUBURN, Cal., May 20.— This little '
mountain city is bedecked in the gay- ,
est of holiday attire, and has been ever :
since soldiers began goinf through yes
terday. Every trainload of boys in !
blue is showered with ilowers and lib
erally lunched with sandwiches and
fruits. The soldiers say Auburn is the :
first place on their route to show any !
enthusiasm. Last night an open-air j
dance" was given on a mammoth plat
form adjacent to the station, and j
hundreds stayed till morning welcom- !
ing Uncle Sam's men as they went
through. A novel souvenir given the j
boys is hard-boiled eggs with the au- j
tograph of some young lady written |
upon them.
SALT LAKE, May 20.— Batteries A
and B, Utah "Volunteers, Captain !
Young commanding, comprising 236 of- :
fleers and men. left Salt Lake at 12:30!
p. m. to-day for San Francisco.
Business throughout the city was
entirely suspended, school children ,
were given a holiday, and 30,000 peo
ple, who thronged the line of march,
gave the Utah boys a most enthusias- I
tic farewell.
TACOMA, May 20.— Official infnrma- !
tion' came from Washington to-day
to the effect that the State troops of :
Washington would be retained on Pa
cific <"oast duty. Colonel Wholly of the ;
Washington regiment stated this even-
Ing that no request of any kind from
any member of his command had been j
made that the troops of Washington
be retained here, and he says that he j
will fed that it is a personal disgrace i
upon himself if his regiment is not I
sent to the Philippines.
VANCOUVER HARRACKS, Wash.,
May 20. — In accordance with tele
graphic orders received to-day, Brig
adier-General Thomas M. Anderson, '<
who arrived Wednesday from Alaska,
left for San Francisco- to-night. Orders
were also issued to-day for Companies
A and Q, Fourteenth Infantry, to re
port to General Otis at San Francisco,
They will leave to-morrow.
AT CAMP THOMAS.
Brigades in the Provisional Army
Corps of Volunteers.
CHICKAMAUGA, May 20.— General
Brooke has completed the formation of
the first provisional army corps, Unit
:ed States Volunteers. The three brig
: ades of the first division, under com
' mand of Major General Wilson.are com
i posed of regiments from Pennsylvania,
\ Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and Wisconsin.
i The second division, Colonel A. K. Ar
| nold commanding, is drawn from
! Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Ohio, In
i diana, Michigan and Minnesota. The
third division. Brigadier General J. S.
C. Bates commanding, draws its forces
from New Hampshire, Massachusetts.
New York. Pennsylvania, Illinois, Min
nesota, Missouri and Kansas.
The Fourteenth Minnesota, in the
second division, and the Twelfth Min
nesota, the Second Missouri and the
First Kansas, in the third division, are
the only regiments from west of the
Mississippi River in the first corps.
Until the complement of brigadiers
has been appointed, each brigade will
be in command of the senior colonol.
The first corps wi'l be commanded by
Major-General John R. Brooke, who
will also be in command of the army
of the gulf.
The following regiments arrived to
day: First New Hampshire Infantry,
twelve companies, 1000 officers and men,
Colonel Robert H. Rolfe; Second Mis
souri Infantry, twelve companies. 953
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WARPAINT!
i
The battle against high prices, inferior fabrics and unwholesome foods
goes on from day to day. Call at our demonstration counter, first floor, this
day and hear and see for yourselves. Talk with those at the delicacy coun-
ter ' Nearly everything made by our own workmen — home-made pies, 10
cents; twenty kinds of cheese, pressed meats, things you want, but never
saw within your reach before. "You keep the finest eggs and the freshest
butter I ever ate»" says a casual buyer, yesterday. We'll help you to solve
the great problem of life if you'll permit us.
STARCH .....'. 2c WESTERN WASHERS $2.75
Jlm ' *•■.:,., -_. . Thlß extra family machine, which used
Thlß li fine Rockford Laundry Starch brlnV $12. will be cut for a while to
■feffff-.^SSS lo £uTdVT^Va^ . Price named. Mention this notice., .
nrnnin rHCCC r- lOr LADIES' SHOES, fine kid. .... Tsc
CHEDDAR CHEESE. .;.;■;• 152 C These are worth from $a to $3 but are
TMsi, fln. California Cheddar, we., a l.n.e out^sty, * &«^ t ,Vn2E P S
hVlh-gSde cheese that. will bite them. _ ,
Salk thU .nd_ MEN , S COATS .61.00
_ \'m.'er These are' heavy duck, flannel lined;
GARDEN TEA 45c m«* ™*f^V3*&?s*
This is hlffhest-grade Japan, picked and small Mzes in Kray cassimere from 110
cured on high land; such tea sells at stilts where pants and vest are sold.
$1 at other stores. $1 50 In the East. This Summer coats and vests low as EOc.
-* " " ""— "' . FLANNEL SHIRTS sOc
ADIVAEC flof hnr • $H\mQ*i Either shirts or drawers; underwear of
UKANuEj, P3l DOX ...... .«Pf.^»tr California flannel: worth $160 If regu-
Thfio are Rood auallty to use in the ; lar sizes: closing^ sizes to 3S at above
like better. 1 cheap.
We deliver goods anywhere In town promptly.
'yM^^l ' .. . We deliver same day in towns across the bay..
l^^^w^B i We pack safely and guarantee safe carriage. . .
mamjn i jyßfliy /' We make a great point of keeping best goods.
,%j^^L l% / We want to please buyers of all lines.
- vHfIR^jMKM&j&H^/ We expect; you to buy for your wants, not more.
\^^»^Pw|m^/ .We understand packing for Alaska or foreign trad*.
■^^^■BBSffij^^'^ All car lines bring you here for "a single fare.
25-2T MARKET STREET, S.F.
men, under command of Colonel W. K.
Cafe; Battery B, Pennsylvania Light
Artillery, 121 officers and men fully
equipped. Captain L. T. Hunt; the Sec
ond New York Infantry arrived at 9
o'clock to-night. The regiment has
twelve companies, 1000 officers and men,
and is commanded by Colonel E. E.
Hardin. *
Battery A, First Illinois Artillery.
Captain Yeager in command, arrived at
8:30 o'clock.
The First Missouri Inrantry arrived
at 10 o'clock. The regiment is made up'
of twelve companies, 1026 officers and
men, and is in command of Colonel Ed
win P.utdorf.
To-morrow General Brooke will be
gin the formation of the Third Army
Corps. Colonel Fred D. Grant, it is un
derstood, will he made provisional brig
adier of the First Brigade of the First
Division of the corps. His regiment
will be then assigned to the new corps,
which will be commanded b" General
James F. Wade.
Over 30.000 letters were delivered to
the troops to-day. The story sent out
from here to the effect that three men
had been arrested with arsenic on their
persons, with which it was supposed
they were to poison water being used
by the trorps, is a fake pure and sim
pie and was evolved from the imagina
tion of several boys who are indulging
in liquor, cigarettes and other vices,
and who are here as alleged corre
spondents of certain newspapers. There
is not the slightest foundation for the
story, all wells being under constant
guard to prevent pollution as well as
waste of water.
Frank Mcßeady, Company D,
Twelfth New York, of New York City,
died to-day from heart failure while on
the march from Rossville to the camp
ground in the park.
MERRITT AT WASHINGTON.
Consults the War Department as to
the Philippine Troops.
WASHINGTON, May 20. — General
"Wesley Merritt was at the "War Depart
ment nearly all day In consultation
concerning the troops which are to be
allowed to him for the work he has In
hand. It has been decided to give the
greater portion of the Fifteenth Infan
try, now on the Pacific coast, the entire
Eighteenth and Twenty-third Regi
ments of Infantry, two batteries from
the Third Artillery and four troopa of
cavalry.
The remainder of tha expedition will
be made up of volunteers.
The department to-day gave orders
sending the battalion of infantry from
North Dakota to San Francisco to
join the expedition. It is the expec
tation of the quartermaster's depart
ment to send to the Philippines a con
signment of 40,000 hammocks to be
purchased, and which are regarded as
essential to the comfort of the soldiers
in tropical climes.
General Greely has suggested, and
the President has nominated half a
dozen officers for positions on the signal
corps party which accompanies the ex
pedition under General Merritt. For
the rank and file of the corps, recruit
ing will be resorted to in the Pacific
States.
At 10:30 to-night it was announced
at the adjutant-general's office that
104,000 volunteers had been mustered
into the United States army. It is ex
pected that from now until the re
mainder of the 125,000 men called for
have been mustered, the work will pro
ceed very slowly.TROOPS MAY
BE SUPPLIED
WITH BOOKS
State Librarian Coombs Approves
the Proposed Donation of
Duplicate Volumes.
SACRAMENTO, May 20.— The proposition suggested by The Call In
volving: the donation of duplicate volumes in the State Library to the
volunteers about to depart for the Philippines has met with the earnest
Indorsement of I-ihrarian Coombs. Mr. Coombs, in speaking of the
matter to-night, said to The Call correspondent:
"So far as I am individually concerned, I would respond at once to
the request of The Call. I will take the matter up to-morrow, by first
ascertaining the number of duplicate volumes and then telegraphing to
the trustees of tho library, asking for permission to comply with The
Call's request. You may say that I shall do everything in my power
to provide our boys with whatever books can be spared without doing
any injustice to the interests of the library."
ENGLAND'S
ULTIMATUM
TO FRANCE
A Report That Causes
Uneasiness.
MUST RENOUNCE CLAIMS.
ALLEGED TO BE ORDERED OUT
OF AFRICA.
France, It Is Alleged, Has Been
Plainly. Told to Withdraw
Expeditions From the
Hinterland.
Special Plspatch to The O"
LONDON. May 20.— A grave report,
having Us origin in official circles, has
■ious uneasiness to-day in
quarters not often disturbed by politi
cal rumors. It is to the effect that the
British Government served notice on
Francf- several days ago. in terms
amounting to an ultimatum that she
must renounce all claims in the African
Hinterland within a month, and with
draw her expeditions and representa
tives.
The correspondent does not venture
t0 vouch : ory, but it is signifi
cant that it finds ready credence among
is whose knowledge and judg
ment are entitl d to respect.
The Impression has been general for
gome days that the recent speeches of
Lord Salisbury and Mr. Chamberlain
were Intended to prepare the nation for
a grave announcement.
ASSIGNMENT OF THE
NEW BRIGADIERS.
General Anderson Ordered to Report
for Duty With the Philippine
Expedition.
WASHINGTON, May 20.— 8y direc
tion "f the President the following as
signment of brigadier-generals to duty
with several army corps departments,
divisions, etc., were made to-day:
Brigadier General Francis Guenther, to
th' Second Corps, Falls Church, Va.
Brigadier General Alexander C. Pen
nington. to command of camp at Hemp
;adier General Abram Arnold, to the
cavalry division. Tampa, Fla. to the
Brigadier General John S. Poland, to the
First < orps, Chickwnauga Park, oa.
Brigadier General Simon Snyder, to the
First corps, Chickamauga Park, Ga.
Brigadier General Jacob F. Kent, to the
Fifth Corps, Tampa, Fla.
Brigadier General Guy V. Henry, the
cavalry General Thbmas Anderson,
Brigadier General Thomas Anderson,
to the Department of the Pacific.
Brigadier General Hamilton M. Haw
kins to the Seventh Corps, Tampa, b la.
Brigadier General Samuel S. bummer,
to the cavalry division. Tampa., Ha
Brigadier General John C. Bates, to the
Fourth Corps, Mobile, Ala.
Brigadier General Andrew S. Burt. to
the Seventh Corps Tampa, Fla • . -
Brigadier General Edward B. WilUston
to the First Corps and to the command
cf the Light Artillery Brigade, Chicka
mßri^adTer%eneral Charles E. Compton,
to the Third Corps, Chickamauga Park,
Brigadier General Louis H. Carpenter,
to the Third Corps, Chickamauga Park,
Brigadier General Henry W. Lawton, to
the Fifth Corps, Tampa, Fla. »
Brigadier General George \\ . Davis, to
the Fourth Corps, Mobile, Ala-
Brigadier General Adna R. Chaffee, to
the Fifth Corps, Tampa, la.
Brigadier General William Ludlow, to
headquarters of the army.
The officers assigned to corps and divis
ions will report in person to the respective
commanding generals thereof at the
places named. General Pennington will
proceed to Hempstead, N. V.. for the
purpose herein indicated. General An
derson will proceed to San Francisco,
Cal.. and report to the commanding gen
eral? Department of the Pacific for duty
with the expedition to the Philippine
Islands. *'••*■!"■
FRANCE AND THIS
COUNTRY FRIENDS.
Pleasant Result of Recent Exchanges
Between the Two Govern-
ments.
WASHINGTON, May 20.— As the re
sult of several recent exchanges be
tween the officials of the State Depart
ment and those of the French Em
bossy, an agreeable understanding has
b^en reached which gives assurance of
t continuance of the traditional friend
ship existing between the United States
and France. It has served to make
clear that each Government has the
fullest confidence In the friendly atti
tude of the other, and many criticisms
or animosities aroused by recent inci
dents in the war have not been shared
by the Government of either country.
French Goods Boycotted.
CINCINNATI, May 20.— Patriotic
feeling has risen to such a pitch here
that leading women are persistently
refusing goods known to be of* French
manufacture. Merchants have found
It to their advantage to remove French
labels whenever practicable.
The only woman ever made a
major in the regular army tells her
ttory in next Sunday's Cail.
FRIENDSHIP
OF FRANCE
President McKinley to
Retain It.'
WILL AID THE EXPOSITION.
COMMERCIAL INTERESTS TO BE
CEMENTED.
Neat Arrangement by Which the
French Government Will Be
Kept From Aiding Spain
in the War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 20.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
President McKinley is taking a deep in- I
terest in pending legislation for Ameri- '
can representation at the Paris expo- ;
sition. His interest is two-fold. He,
believes that proper representation by ;
the United States will be a material I
benefit to commercial interests of this
country.
Aside from this, however, there are
still more important and urgent reasons
for desiring prompt and liberal action
by iiur Congress.
The President is fully alive to the
feeling existing in France against the
United States and to the efforts being
made by the French press to induce
the French Government to mix up in
the pending war with Spain in the in
terest of the latter country. He is anx
ious to do something to counteract
this sentiment and to assure a con
tinuation of the close ties which have
always existed between the United
States and France. He believes that
the Paris Exposition furnishes the op
portunity, and he is accordingly urg
ing his friends in Congress to provide
liberally for the proposed American
commissir.-n. He hopes that Congress
will provide for nine Commissioners
and will appropriate at least $1,000,000
for the exhibit.
Senator Allison, chairman of the Sen
ate Committee on Appropriations, will,
it is understood, favor this proposition
and in doing so will take occasion on
the floor of the Senate to publicly de
clare that the relations existing be
tween the United States and France
were never better than at the present
time, and that there is no foundation
for many reports indicating that
France is not strictly maintaining neu
trality or that this- Government has
any reason to fear France will give its
moral support to Spain. His speech
will be communicated to the French
Government.
AMMUNITION FOUND
ON THE ARGONAUTA.
Court Decides That Five Captured
Vessels Are Legitimate
Prizes of War.
KEY WEST, May 20.— Over forty
cases of ammunition were found to-day
in the Spanish steamer Argonauta, cap
tured during the first days of the war.
It was on board this steamer that Lieu
tenant-Colonel Cortijo, Weyler's broth
er-in-law, was captured, with other
Spanish soldiers, now prisoners at Fort
McPherson.
The discovery of the war supplies on
board the Argonauta will not change
the status of her case before the prize
court; it had already been decided to
day, before the learning of the find,
that the steamer was legitimately a
prize of war, no claims having been
filed by the owners of tne ship or cargo.
A like decision was rendered in the
case of the steamer Ambrosio Bolivar
and the schooners Candidata, Mathilda
and Sophia. The only formality re
maining to make these vessels the ab
solute property of the United States is
the confirmation by the Federal Court
authorities of the findings of the prize
commission.
The cases of the Buena Ventura, the
first capture of the war, and the Pedro,
Catalina, Miguel Jover, Panama and
Guido, all large and valuable steamers,
will have to be tried in regular form
by the United States Court, claims
having been filed by the owners of the
ships and cargoes.
The barkentine rarlos T. Rosas, 750
tons, captured by the New York off Ha
vana, on Tuesday, was brought in here
to-day by a petty officer and a prize
crew. She had on board a cargo of
garlic and Jerked beef.
POISONED THE WELLS.
Three Men Put Arsenic Into the
Water at Chickamauga.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 20.— A spe
cial to the Dispatch from Chickamauga
Park says three men were arrested
there, charged with "doping" the wells
and water trough. Two mules are re*
ported dead. Two pounds of arsenic
was found on the men.
EVANGELINA TO WED.
Miss Cisneros Will Become the Wife
of Carlos Carbonel.
"WASHINGTON, May 20.— Evangelina
Cossio y Cisneroa is noon to wed Carlos
Carbonel, the former Cuban banker,
who was yesterday nominated by Pres
ident McKinley to be a lieutenant and
aid on the staff of Major General Fltz
hugh Lee-
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY, MAY 21, 1898.
EULOGIES OF
GLADSTONE
English Statesmen Pay
Tribute.
PARTY LINES FORGOTTEN.
50VERNMENT LEADERS TELL
OF HIS WORTH.
Premier Salisbury Says His "Was a
Great Example, Hardly Paral
leled in the Annals of
History.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 20.— The eulogies of
Mr Gladstone formed a historic epi
sode in the House of Commons to-day.
There were more members assembled
in the House to-day than upon any
occasion since Mr. Gladstone himself
introduced the home rule bill. They
filled every seat and clustered on the
steps of the Speaker's dais, and the
Peers 1 gallery was crowded with the
foremost members of the House of
Lords. The United States Embassa
dor Colonel John Hay, and all the
members of his staff were among the
diplomats present.
After prayer, the House silently
awaited Mr. Balfour for a quarter of
an hour, arid when he arose all heads
were bared. The members were gen
erally attired in black. All the galler
ies were full. The House went into
committee to consider the address to
the Queen in regard to the interment
of the remains of Mr. Gladstone in the
Collegiate Church of St. Peter at West
minster, otherwise Westminster Abbey.
Mr Balfour, the Government leader,
in spite of his illness, was able to move
the address. He prefaced the motion
with a lengthy eulogy of Mr. Gladstone,
speaking with evident emotion. The
Liberal leader, Sir William Vernon
Harcourt. seconded the motion. In do
ing bo, the Liberal leader paid a heart
felt tribute to the deceased statesman,
and John Dillon, the Irish leader, did
the same. The address to the Queen
was then adopted.
In the House of Lords there was a
full attendance of members. The
Marquis of Salisbury spoke feelingly
of Mr. Gladstone, who, he said, was
"ever guided in all his efforts by a
lofty moral idea." Continuing, the
Premier said: "The deceased will not
be remembered so much for his politi
cal work as for the great example,
hardly paralleled in history, of the
great Christian statesman."
The Earl of Klmberly, the Liberal
leader, followed with a touching trib
ute, and the Duke of Devonshire ex
pressed generous appreciation of Mr.
Gladstone's services in behalf of the
Liberal Unionists, saying their sever
ance from Mr. Gladstone was a most
painful incident.
"But," he added, "he could recall no
word from Mr. Gladstone which added
to- the bitterness of the situation."
The Earl of Rosebery delivered an
eloquent panegyric on the deceased
statesman.
It is virtually decided that Mr. Glad
stone's body shall be interred in West
minster Abbey.
Telegrams continue to arrive in great
number at Hawarden Castle from all
parts of the world. Mrs. Gladstone is
as well as can be expected. The Czar
has telegraphed to the widow in Eng
lish, saying: N
"I have just received the painful
news of the decease. I consider it my
duty to express my feelings of sincere
sympathy on the occasion at the cruel
and irreparable bereavement which has
befallen you, as well as the deep regret
which the sad event has Riven me. The
whole civilized World will weep for the
loss of the great statesman whose po
litical values were so widely human
and peaceful. NICHOLAS."
VERY STRICT PRESS
CENSORSHIP IS ON.
Lieutenant Miley to Bead All Mat
ter Sent by Correspondents
From Tampa.
TAMPA, Fia., May 20.— A1l the news
paper correspondents at Tampa have
been notified that In future all dis
patches must be placed in the hands of
Lieutenant Miley of General Shafter's
staff for approval. The censorship will
be very rigid and will be kept in force
until after the invasion of Cuba takes
place. ,
Joins Roosevelt's Regiment.
SAN RAFAEL, May 20.— Information
j that Grant Colwell, a brother of Miss
J Idelle Colwell, a deputy in County
'< Clerk Bonneau's office, has joined
! Roosevelt's Rough Riders reached here
'■ yesterday. Colwell has been away
from home for months, and his parents
knew nothing of his whereabouts until
! they received a letter from Arizona tell-
I ing of his enlistment. Colwell, when a
! mere lad, was rioted as a crack shot
j with both rifle and revolver, and he can
j ride anything that can be saddled.
Gift to Stockton Soldiers.
STOOKTON, May 20.— Mayor Inglis
and a large number of citizens left this
evening to attend th\ presentation of
a stand of colors to Lieutenant Colonel
Johnson's battalion at the Presidio to
morrow morning. Attorney Frank K.
Dunlap will make the presentation
speech. Chairman Henderson of the
Supervisors and other officials will at
tend. Another crowd is going down by
the early morning train.
BRITISH SHIP
TO CARRY COAL
FOR AMERICA
Steamer PaKshar) Chartered a t
Victoria, Despite tt)e Fact
That War Is On.
88 VICTORIA, May 20.— Messrs. Llbby and Robinson, act- 88
88 In& on behalf of the United States Government, to-day g
?! chartered the steamer Pakshan to carry coal to San
§ Francisco. The Pakshan is a British craft, and her en- * 2 8
88 paging in the work contemplated would be a distinct 88
88 breach of the neutrality laws.
S8 - /v,.;..^<-- .•:.-; ■ . ...... - '; ... . -- . • - •■■.;, *°
BSSSBBBBSB 88SS8388 S8 S3 8S SS 88 '8888 888888888888888888888888888888 888288
* . . _._ ._j. * -'.-■ -.■-....-.-....-.-.. a. . . ■ .....-■.■•.. ■■■■■"-. ■ ■ /
NOT AFRAID OF THE
WHOLE SPANISH FLEET
Captain Claris of the Oregon fished
Not to Be Tangled Up With
lostructions,
NEW YORK, May 20.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
In connection with the trip of the battleship Oregon an Interesting story
Is In circulation at the Navy Department which cannot be confirmed,
but which illustrates the intrepidity of Captain C. E. Clark, command
ing the vessel. Upon his arrival at Rio de Janeiro the War Board took
under serious consideration the question of protecting the battle-ship
from the enemy's fleet, then supposed to be awaiting her at some ad
vantageous point. One or two members of the board urged the advisa
bility of sending a squadron to convoy her to Key West, but this was
scouted by the majority and voluminous instructions were sent to Cap
tain Clark in regard to the course which he should take. The reply
which, it Is said. Captain Clark sent to the department was something
like this: "Please don't tangle me up with instructions. I am not
afraid of the whole Spanish fleet."
Apparently the Spaniards are more afraid of the Oregon than that
vessel is of them. Although the Oregon is unaccompanied on her voy
age through the West Indies by a single ship, the Marietta and Nich
theroy having been left In Brazilian waters, no attempt has seemingly
been made by Admiral Cervera to intercept the American battle-ship,
although the department experts say that it would properly be his pol
icy to destroy detached ships, and especially such great re-enforcement
as the Oregon will undoubtedly be to the American fleet. The Oregon
will arrive at Key West before Sunday or Monday, and upon coaling
will at once join Rear Admiral Sampson.
TEA INDUSTRY
IS DECLINING
Outlook in Japan Not
Assuring.
CROPS DAMAGED BY FROST.
COST OF MANTTFACTXTRING HAS
INCREASED.
Skilled Labor Commands Higher
Wages and America Now Offers
a Poor Market for the
Surplus Product.
TACOMA, May 20.— Reports received
at Yokohama up to May 2 show that
Japan's tea crop was greatly damaged
by a severe frost occurring on April 23.
The damage was most pronounced in
the Shidzuoka and Kyota districts,
where there was already a decrease in
acreage compared with last and pre
vious years.
Japanese papers state that the tea In
dustry is surely declining in several
i districts, owing largely to the increase
j of expenses attendant upon tea manu
! facture.
Estimates fo the cost of picking, fir
ing, etc., amount this year to 8.70 yen
per 30 kemamme, compared with 6.45
yen last year. Skilled labor is found to
be higher throughout the districts thaji
ever before, because of the greatly In
creased cost of living.
The Central Tea Dealers' Guild of
Japan received cablegrams from New
York on April 22 stating that the tea
market prospects there were rendered
very unpromising by the outbreak of
: the Spanish war.
The Guild then sent circulars to tea
dealers throughout Japan urging that
the most stringent rules be adopted in
manufacturing and shipping tea to this
i country, which constitutes Japan's best
j market.
The tea growers are considerably dis
heartened. The last season was a poor
! one, the Japanese market being greatly
! overstocked after June 15, previous to
which shipments were unusually large,
because the United States was expected
to collect a duty on tea after July 1.
GOMEZ IS CLOSING
IN UPON HAVANA.
Eight Hundred Spaniards Put to
Flight by a Force Under
Quentin Balder a.
NEW YORK, May 20.— A copyrighted
special from Port Au Prince to the
Evening World says that information
has reached that place that General
Gomez, at the head of an army of 15,
000 insurgents, is closing in on Havana.
His advance guard, led by Quentin Bal
dera, the dispatch says, had a skirmish
with and put to flight 800 Spanish
troops. Santiago de Cuba, according
to the same report, is menaced by 5000
insurgents under General Garcia. The
dispatch also reports that Spanish
warships have been sighted off Yuca
tan, convoying three transports carry
ing troops and provisions for Havana.
Ordered to Report for Duty.
MONTEREY, May 20.— Lieutenant O.
E. Lasher, U. S. N., retired on account
of physical injuries, and now residing
here, who recently volunteered for ac
tive duty in the present crisis, has re
ceived orders to report to Rear- Admiral
Kirkland at Mare Island at once. Lieu
1 tenant Lasher left to-day for San Fran
cisco. He hopes to be assigned to duty
with the Manila expedition.
The only woman ever made a
major in the regular army tells her
story in next Sunday's Call.
McCOY GETS
THE DECISION
Ruhlin Stays the Full
Twenty Rounds.
SCIENCE WINS THE FIGHT.
BIGGEB MAN STANDS HEAVY
PUNISHMENT.
Victor Declines to Consider a Chal
lenge From Corbett and Says
He Will Now Meet God
dard and Choynski.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SYRACUSE, N. V., May 20.— The
fight here to-night between Kid McCoy
and Gus Ruhlin, the latter of Cleve
land, resulted in a victory for McCoy
after twenty rounds. Three thousand
persons were in the Alhambra, where
the fight was held. There was little
betting and the showing made by Ruh
lin was a surprise. He stood a lot of
punishment and was always ready to
come back for more. He was apparent
ly strong at the finish. McCoy says he
will now meet .Goddard and then
There was a great difference in
weight of the men, McCoy, according
to his statement, weighing 157
pounds, and Ruhlin, according
to Billy Madden, his manager, tipping
the scales at ISO pounds. Sixty per
cent of the gate receipts are to be di
vided between the men, McGoy taking
75 per cent and Ruhlin 25 per cent, in
place of a $2500 purse.
George Siler of Chicago acted as ref
eree. When he rendered his decision
Jim Corbett leaped into the ring and
asked McCoy to fight him, but the lat
ter declined to consider the matter and
refused to make any arrangements.
As a curtain-raiser Kid Broad and
Jack Hamilton fought twelve rounds j
at catch weights. Broad got the deci
sion.
McCoy entered the ring at 10:30. Be
hind him were Con Reilly, Frank
Burns, Homer Selby, Doc Payne and
Frank Zimpher. He looked in the pink
of condition, but showed a marked sal
lowness. His hands were in bandages.
When Ruhlin entered the ring McCoy
shook him by the hand. Ruhlin's sec
onds were Billy Madden, Tommy Ryan,
Charlie Goff and Tom Cawley. The
announcer read challenges from God
dard, who offers to stop McCoy in
twelve rounds; Peter Maher and
"Stockings" Conroy. .Ruhlin loomed up
in every way bigger than his opponent.
The gong sounded at 10:45.
Round I— There was much fiddling and
the Kid swung right to head. They
clinched and Ruhlin lifted his man from
the floor. Ruhlin feinted a left, but failed
to land, and they clinched. Ruhlin got
a left in on the body and head after Mc-
Coy chased him around the ring. Gus sent
left lightly to body and McCoy then put
left to Ruhlin"!* eye. The Kid jabbed left
to body and then to jaw. Ruhlin rushed
as the gong sounded and McCoy put right
to body in a clinch.
Round 2— They fiddled and Ruhlin missed
a left, but got the flat of McCoy's glove
in the face. Gus rushed again and put
his right to the face. The Kid landed a
hard left on the jaw and they mixed up
in McCoy's favor. Gus put lefts to the
jaw twice, sending the Kid back. The Kid
put a right and left to the face. McCoy
put a right to the jaw. The Kid missed
a left swing and Ruhlin chased him
around the ring, sending left and right
to the neck and putting the right to the
face as the gong sounded.
Round 3— Gus put a right to the face
and rushed his man. The Kid got back
with a right swing on the jaw. The Kid
poked his left to the wind and then to the
jaw. Ruhlin jabbed his left to the face
and then' they clinched. Gus' mouth was
bleeding. The Kid swung a right on the
body and then a left on the eye, which
warn bleeding badly. Ruhlin was covered
with blood.
Round 4— Gus landed a bad left on the
face and the Kid jabbed his right to the
eye and body. The Kid jabbed his right
to the wind and then swung his left to
the head. Ruhlin rushed, but the Kid
clinched without sustaining any damage.
The Kid put right end left on the jaw,
then a hard left to the face. Ruhlin's
eve was bleeding again.
"Round s— McCoy stopped a left to the
neck and then poked his right to the face,
getting away nicely from liuhlin's rushes.
Ruhlin labbed his right to the face and
the Kid's lip was bleeding. Gus was the
stronger and was rushing, but was
bleeding. The Kid swung his left to the
jaw and landed two right jabs. The Kid
sent his left to the wind.
Round ft— The Kid swung his right and
received a left on the jaw. They ex
changed lefts on the face. Ruhlin put his
left to the heart. The Kid swung his left
to the jaw. The fighting was very slow in
this round, neither man being aggressive.
Round 7— Gus rushed, sending his left to
the body, and then there was a mix in the
corner. McCoy planted a right on the
head. The Kid hookod a right to the jaw
and got a left on the wind. The Kid pokod
his left to the body, and when Ruhlin
rushed sent it to the face. They clinched,
and Ruhlin used his left on the ribs. The
Kid put his left to the ribs and then jab
bed a right to the heart. " ■
Round B— The Kid rushed, they clinched
and Gus used his right on the ribs. Siler
cautioned McCoy for using his elbow in
clinches. The Kid poked his left to the
wind and right to the face. Gus put a
light left jab to the face. McCoy coun
tered on Ruhlin's bleeding eye. Gus
hooked a left to the face hard. McCoy
jabbed a right to the face and got right
under the heart in return. He rushed
Gus against the post and the big man
nearly fell. They clinched as the gong
B °Round 9— Ruhlin'a eye waa badly cut
and his seconds endeavored to stop lta
bleeding. The men fiddled for nearly a
POLICY OF
SPAIN'S NEW
MINISTRY
Sagasta Says the War Is to
Be Fought to the Bit
ter End.
Weylerites Arraign the Cabinet
Because It Follows the Plans
of Its Predecessor.
MADRID, May 20.— The Ministers, In
full uniform, appeared In the Senate to
day.
Owing to the circumstances, the new
Cabinet is already nicknamed the "cir
cumstantial Cabinet." The Premier,
Senor Sagasta, explained the ministe
rial crisis and asserted that the new
Ministry would continue the policy of
the former Ministry. He related how
"Spain did everything to avoid war un
til America, violating all recognized
diplomacy, attacked Spain with an in
justice unprecedented in the annals of
civilized history and compelled Spain
to respond with war to war, which
Spain would continue to the utmost un
til an honorable peace is obtainable."
"This," the Premier continued, "is a
strong policy, and the new Govern
ment will also energetically conduct
negotiations with European and other
states."
Count Penaramiro proposed the Sen
ate's congratulations to Admiral Cer
vera on his arriving safely at Santiago
de Cuba and "cleverly dodging the
American squadrons."
Captain Aunon, the Minister of Ma
rine, responded in the name of the
navy, highly extolling Admiral Cervera.
In so doing he said the arrival of the
Spanish squadron in Cuban waters
would "cement the friendship of the
Cubans with Spain and will prove to
the world that Spain will never aban
don Cuba while the mother country re
tains her vitality."
The congratulations were voted unan
imously.
In taking possession of the admiralty
the new Minister of "Marine made a
patriotic speech to the assembled offi
cers, recalling "the splendid example
set by our sailors at Cavite in dying
for Spain."
In the Chamber Senor Sagasta re
peated his Senate speech. Senor Sil
vela. leader of the Dissident Conserva
tives, replied that his section of the
Conservative party approved the policy
announced by Senor Sagasta and would
support the new Cabinet.
Senor Romero y Robledo. leader of
the Weylerite faction, presented an in
terpellation, maintaining that the ojd
Government was in a crisis in the very
declaration of war, and that if the pres
ent were a continuation of the policy of
the old Cabinet, then the Cabinet also
was in a crisis.
Senor Romero y Robledo then pressed
Senor Gamazo. Minister of Public In
struction and Public Works, to disclose
his individual opinion and to say how
half-minute, when McCoy rushed but was
blocked. Gus chased the Kid around the
ring but failed to land. McCoy poked his
left to the wind. Ruhlin rushed, putting
a straight left to the face. McCoy swung
a right to the jaw, and left on the ear.
Ruhlin jabbed his left to the face in a
rush He was badly handicapped by his
eye, which made it difficult for him to
Round 10— They exchanged left swings
on the head. McCoy chased Ruhlin
around the ring. The Kid poked a light
left to Ruhlin's stomach, then swung a
left to the head. McCoy uppercut with
a left swing. The Kid was doing a little
leading and seemed waiting to land a de
cisive blow.
Round 11— Ruhlin rushed, but failed to
land McCoy jabbed his left to the wind,
and Gus swung a wild right to the head.
They exchanged rights on the face. Then
McCoy sent a left to the body. Ruhlin
got his man to the ropes, but missed a
great opportunity. McCoys left jabs set
Ruhlin's eye bleeding once more and he
was covered with blood. Gus sent a
right to the face and got a bad upper
cut on the face. Ruhlin was landing
about one in ten of his leads.
Round 12— The Kid rushed and jabbed
a left to the face. He rushed again and
put his left to the wind. The Kid swung
a light left on the jaw and got a light
poke on the face in return. Gus poked his
left to the face.
Round 13— Ruhlin's seconds fed him
brandy during the intermission. They ex
changed left jabs on the face. The Kid
swung a right on the head. Siler cau
tioned Ruhlin for striking low. The Kid
swung a left to the face. McCoy ducked
a left lead and Ruhlin caught him with
a right on the head. Gus sent a light left
to the face and right to the body.
Round 14— Gus started in to do aggres
sive work, and finally landed a left swing
that sent the Kid against the ropes. They
fiddled, and the Kid put a right to the
face Ruhlin rushed and uppercut very
hard with a left to the face. The Kid
put a straight left to the neck. Ruhlin
got in two good blows in this round.
Round 15— McCoy jabbed nis left to the
face. Ruhlin rushed and uppercut on the
face. The men fiddled in the center of
the ring for a full minute without a
blow being struck. The Kid led a left to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+BH
WONDERFUL CURES.
When Doctors Fail to Give Relief, Dr. Sanden's Grand and
Simple Remedy Cures.
-^-v ELECTRICITY has taken the place
—^ I of drugs. In its own simple manner it
tU^s\*T\ /'* helps all the organs of the body to do
*$V|\*i 7WT their work— them by adding to
I^S*/ // \ • their strength— and nature then cures
T^^Jzj&aS' y\ the trouble.
i'TiSrx ANOTHER OF ITS ' UICK CURES.'
/ / JT^mX \ DOUGLAS MINE. VOLCANO. Amador County.
>SV / V \ \ ' Cal.. May IS. MS.
■fj I / \ \ DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: When I
nfji ' , 11 I bought the Belt from you I was laid up with
™ L '• I \ \ sciatica. I could scarcely get in or out of bed.
I \\ I I received very little benefit from our local doc-
II \\ I tors, so I concluded to try your Electric Belt.
B. 1 \ I I wore it as directed, and I believe it cured
l\> 111 me. for since that time I have not felt the
)x) x r* i ' least sign of the trouble. If I feel out of sorts
.<■»*_ --~ &-v-— I — -- rTy^ I put the Belt on, and I feel benefited right
" _«Tir """^ -fc^_-g*^ . away. Yours respectfully, D. ODGERS.
It is as good for nervous and vital weakness and all forms of general
debility.* It gives life, and life is health. Read the book, "Three Classes
.of Men," free. Call or direct
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. .* v . important *
702 Mirket Street, Corner Sewy, S»a Fr»neiw«. , t ". . ''>&•.'£^ • NOTICE.
Office hours— B a. m. to Bp. m. : Sundays. 10 ;. n Dr. Sanden's offices
to 1. Branches at Lob Angelea. Cal., 204% South * - * a , » r C ifW a t - 702 ' Market
Broadway; Portland, Or., 263 Washington * at. ;.• „ Hand BL nrri , r 'n. ftrv v-
Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth St.; Dallas. Tex.., f SbHAS7t. orner tj€ar y-
'2Bs Main Bt. . ; *r?lfth ;• Lig« % ... . ; *
far he endorsed the ministerial policy
of the reconstructed Cabinet, insisting
that if the present was a continuation,
of the former policy, then Senor Ga
mazo, unless he had thrown over his
former theories, ought to be in the op
position, not in office.
Senor Gamazo replied that, without
abandoning his present ideas, he had
accepted office patriotically, and would
carry out the Government programme
irrespective of his own personal theo
ries.
Senor Segasta explained that the
Cabinet changes were due to the fact
that several Ministers were "ill and ex
tremely fatigued after the recent anxie
ties." He said the Cabinet found itßelf
confronted with war or dishonor, and
accepted the former, adding solemnly:
"The Spanish Government will never
accept peace if the territorial integrity
of Spain is not maintained, and other
wise Spain Is determined to fight a tout*
outrance." [Loud cheers.]
Later Senor Sagasta promised a day
to debate the "Red Book." Altogether,
however, the debate was disappointing
to the Chamber and to the public gal
leries, which had expected sensational
scenes.
Professor Salmeron made a speech
vigorously attacking the Cabinet.
In an interview to-day the Minister
of Marine is quoted as saying:
"I am greatly rejoiced at the safs
arrival of the Spanish fleet at Santiago
de Cuba. It is an immense triumph for
the Spanish navy. The sailors who ex
ecuted the movement and those who
planned It are worthy of all praise."
Continuing the Minister said he con
gratulated himself upon the first event
happening in his administration augur
ing so well for the navy and for the
country.
A dispatch from Havana says two
American ships have bombarded Gun
atanamo, and adds that the Spanish
gunboat Santuaro and a regiment of
troops repulsed the attempt to land
there. According to the Spanish ver
sion the Spaniards did not suffer ally
loss, and the Americans retired.
Admiral Camara, the commander of
the Cadiz squadron. Is here receiving
instructions relative to the destination
of his ships, which, it is explained, "de
pends upon the requirements of the
war." The new Minister of Marine has
injected the greatest activity into his
department. It is said he has bf»en
offered war munitions from many quar
ters.
It is evident the new Spanish Cabinet
intends to push the campaign vigorous
ly, and, it is said, the Minister will ne
gotiate actively with the foreign diplo
mats to protect Spain against a com
bination of her enemies.
the face hard. Ruhlln chased and landed
on the back of the head.
Round 16— The Kid planted a right on
the face. Gus sent a right to the body
twice, lightly. The Kid drove a left to
the face and Ruhlin did the same, send
ing- McCoy's head back. Gus landed a
left swing" on the body and then sent a
left to the wind lightly. Gus put his
right to the face, and McCoy got back
with a hard left jab. The Kid rushed,
and Ruhlin caught him neatly with a
light uppercut to the face. The Kid put
his left very hard to the wind as the
round closed.
Round 17— Ruhlin jabbed lightly with
his right to the face. The Kid swung a
left to the jaw and then clinched. Ruhlin
put a right to the face. Gus jabbed a bad
left to the jaw, and the Kid fell back,
Ruhlin put a left to the face again, and
McCoy swung a left on the ear. The Kid
swung a left on the ear once more in an
attempt to reach the jaw. and failed. Tha
Kid rushed and was blocked. Ruhlin up
percut with the ry?ht. Ruhlin fought well
in this round, and appeared to be very
strong.
Round 18— McCoy poked a light left to
the face. Gus put a hard left to the
face and brought forth cheers when he
repeated it. McCoy fell short on a right
lead and Ruhlin came back with the
left. The Kid rushed and tried to reach
the jaw with a left swing, but failed.
Gus sent his right hard to the body.
Round 19— They fiddled and McCoy at
tempted to step out of the way of a right
jab and nearly slipped to the floor. Gus
poked a terrific left to the face and got
inside of McCoy's right swing. The Kid
rushed and they clinched. The Kid poked
his left to the face. Gus jabbed left and
rushed, and the Kid swung over his
shoulder.
Round 20— Gus swung a left to the body
and fell short, and met the same fate
with a stronger one. The Kid landed
lightly with his left on the face. Gus
sent a right to the face hard, and then
poked his left to the body and his right
to the bead. The Kid swung a left, but
went over the shoulder. Gus put a right
on the body and left on the face, and
they exchanged lefts. Gus drove a hard
right to the kidneys and jabbed his right
to the body and then to the jaw very
hard, with but little return.
The decision was given to McCoy.
34
NEW EXPEDIENT TO
DESTROY OUR SHIPS
Spanish Officials Are Sending Out
Dummy Hulks Loaded With
Dynamite.
KEY WEST, Fla,. May 20. — The fertile Spanish brain that has been
adopting all sorts of devices to entice the blockading ships within point
blank range of the Havana batteries has been adopting a new expedient
to destroy the warships. The latest device is the sending adrift of
hulks made to resemble torpedo boats, after first loading them with
dynamite, in the hope that American ships would ram them In the
darkness.
Several of these hulks have been sent out of the harbor. One was
sighted two mornings ago off Cardenas by the tug Hudson. It was lying
motionless and appeared to be a torpedo boat. It had two funnels and
a gun over the bow. Signaling the tug Leydon, "that looks like one."
the Hudson steamed down and the Leydon went along. The tugs open
ed fire at three thousand yards, and one of the shots knocked off the
emokestack, which proved to be a wooden structure, for it flew Into
splinters. Satisfied that the boat was merely a derelict the tugs ceased
A similar hulk was sighted by the Wilmington the next day. This
also was rigged up so that it would appear at even a short distance to
be a torpedo boat destroyer. The Wilmington blazed away and sunk
the hulk As it was sinking the forward part of the craft was blown
out, and cans containing explosives were picked up after the wreck
sank. These facts were reported to Commodore Watson.
RAILWAY TO
LAKE BENNETT
Contracts for Material
Awarded.
WORK IS TO BEGIN SOON.
FORCE OF LABORERS WILL BE
SENT AT ONCE.
The Line Is to Be Built Over White
Pass, and May Ultimately
Extend Four Hundred
Miles Inland.
SEATTLE, Slay 20.— Within a few
weeks a railroad will be in operation
between Skaguay and Lake Bennett,
which, it is said, will ultimately run to
the Yukon River. The work of con
structing the road is in the hands of
the Pacific Contract Company, a
branch of the White Pass Railroad
Company, which is to operate the sys
tem.
To-night contracts were awarded in
this city for the purchase of material
necessary in the building of the road,
as well as for rolling stock.
Arrangements were made by which
the construction trains will be shipped
to Skaguay from Seattle the next few
days. A large gang of laborers will be
tent north with the rolling stock, and
will be put at work as soon as it ar
rives and be kept in Alaska until the
ruad is built and in operation.
E. C. Haw.i ns of Denver is managing
head of th* construction department.
He taid tu-iiijht:
"The contracts which we have just
let involve thousands of dollars. The
Illinois Steel Company of Chicago,
which is represented in Seattle by Wil
liam Piggott and William D. Hopins,
has been awarded the contract to sup
ply all the steel rails. The contract to
supply timber, which includes material
for ties, bridges, roundhouses, stations,
etc., was awarded to G. M. Forbes of
Trinidad, Colo. This timber, I under
stand, is to be obtained in both the
State of Washington and in Alaska,
and is to be of a superior quality.
"The contract to supply the rolling
Btock has been let to the Pullman Car
Company of Pullman, 111., and accord
ing to the terms of this contract thirty
five cars and three engines, which are
to constitute the construction train,
will be delivered to Skaguay imme
diately. We have perfected arrange
ments to send our first gang of labor
ers to Skaguay next Sunday, and it
will be taken thither by M. J. Henry, a
railroad engineer, who has the reputa
tion of being one of the most skillful
railroa.d constructors on the Pacific
Coast.
"The road Is to be built over the
White Pass to a point on Lake Bennett,
a distance of approximately forty
miles, but from there it is the intention
to rush the work of construction to
Fort Selkirk, a distance of nearly 400
miles from Skaguay. The men inter
ested in the White Pass Railway Com
pany are of both Biitish and American
extraction and they have arranged
matters in such a way with the Gov
ernments of both the United States and
Canada that the most feasible route
can be adopted."
CAPTAIN BARKER TO
COMMAND THE NEWARK.
Will Leave the Naval Strategy
Board to Join Admiral Samp
son's Squadron.
WASHINGTON, May 20.— The Naval
Strategy Board, rechristened of Jate the
War Board, is to lose one of its most
active and valuable members In th«
person of Captain Barker. He leaves
Washington to-morrow for Hampton
Roads to take command of the fine pro
tected cruiser Newark, which has just
been extensively repaired at the Nor
folk navy-yard. It is expected that
the Newark will join Sampson's squad
ron in the West Indies as soon as she
can get there. It has not been deter
mined who will succeed Captain Bar
ker as a member of the board, a place
requiring the very highest profes
sional qualifications and involving a
knowledge of strategy as taught .scien
tifically, which is not the possession of
all naval officers. It may be that the
THE CAPTURE OF A
SPANISH WARSHIP.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. May 20. — The Norwegian steamer America,
from Baltimore, has arrived at Port Antonio, bringing news of the cap
ture of a Spanish warship. When some distance from Jamaica yesterday
the America saw an American warship towing a Spanish gunboat. The
vessels were too far distant for their names to be distinguished, but the
captain says that the United States vessel that was doing the towing was
either the St. Loui t. Paul.
vacancy may not be filled at present,
though there is favorable mention of
the name of Admiral Ramsay, retired,
In that connection.
Another loss to the department will
occur to-morrow, when Lieutenant Gib
bon leaves to serve as one of Captain
Barker's officers on the Newark. This
young officer has displayed the greatest
energy in securing for the services of
the navy the various naval military or
ganizations of the States, and as an in
cident to that work he was obliged to
put forth his best efforts to secure the
formation of new organizations where
none existed, and additional battalions
in the States that already possessed a
naval militia. The great value of this
work is shown by the fact that many
of the vessels of the auxiliary navy and
most of the old monitors that have been
commissioned for coast defense pur
poses are manned almost altogether by
the naval militiamen.
FOR STAFF PLACES
IN VOLUNTEER SERVICE.
Several Californians Among Those
Nominated by President
McKinley.
WASHINGTON, May 20.— The Presi
dent to-day sent these nominations to
the Senate:
War— Captain Patrick Henry Ray, Elghtl
United States Infantry, to bs colonel of th<
Third Regiment United States Volunteers
Captain J. S. Pettlt. First United States In
fantry, to be colonel of the Fourth Regimen
United States Volunteer Infantry; First Lieu
tenant Herbert H. Sargent, Second United
States Cavalry, to be colonel of the Fif'.h Regi
ment United States Volunteer Infantry; Lau
rence D. Tyson of Tennessee to be colonel ol
the Sixth Regiment United States Volunteei
Infantry: First Lieutenant Charles S. Rich
Corps of Engineers United States army, to b«
colonel of the First Regiment Volunteer In
fantry; D. X. Hood of Louisiana to be colone:
of the Second Regiment Volunteer Infantry.
Adjutant general's department— Colonel Theo
dore Bebwan, assistant adjutant general, to b<
U'ljutunt general, with rank of colonel; Majoi
William H. Carter, assistant adjutant general
to be assistant adjutant general, with rank ol
colonel.
To be chief Burgeons, with rank of major—
Clayton Parkhlll of Denver, James M. Je'nne,
Surgeon General of Vermont; Herbert W. Card
well, Surgeon General of Oregon; Charles B.
N'acrede, professor of surgery. University of
Michigan; Henry F. White of St. Paul. Minn.;
Jefferson P. Griffith, medical director National
Guard of Missouri; Emmett Griffin. Surgeon
General of Nebraska; Edward Bockmann, Na
tlona] Guard of Minnesota.
To be commissary of Subsistence, with rank
of major — Noble H. Creager of Maryland.
For appointment in the signal corps: To be
major— Captain Richard E. Thompson, signal
corps, U. B, A. To be captain— Benjamin F.
Montgomery of Virginia. To be first lieuten
ants George E. Lawrence of California,
Philip J. Perkins of California. William M.
c of Illinois, Albert C. Thompson Jr. of
Michigan. To be second lieutonants— William
O. Bailey, first-claps sergeant, signal corps, v.
S. A. ; Francis Crighton, first-class sergeant,
signal corps, U. S. A.
To be Inspector, with rank of major — James
H. McLeary of Texas.
To be assistant adjutant general, vilth rank
of major — First Lieutenant Harry C. Chate,
Twentieth Infantry; Captain Louis A. Craig,
Sixth United States Cavnlry; Captain William
A. Simpson, Seventh United States Artillery.
To be commissaries of subsistence, with rank
of major- — Captain David B. Wilson, Twenty
fifth United States Infantry; First Lieutenant
Hugh J. Gallagher, Sixth United States Cav
alry.
To be commissaries of subsistence, with rank
of captain — Don A. Dodge of Minnesota.
SPAIN AND HER
TANGLED FINANCES.
Will Endeavor to Float a Big Loan
Before Sending Aid to the
Philippines.
LONDON, May 21.— The Madrid corre
spondent of the Daily Mail says: Lieu
tenant General Correa, Minister of War,
assured me that nothing definite has been
decided upon with respect to the expedi
tion to the Philippines. The Government
will be guided by circumstances. In offi
cial circles here it la believed that Em
peror William will not for the moment
answer Joseph Chamberlain's utterances
about an Anglo-American alliance, but
will wait for a better opportunity for do
ing so.
I am unable to state precisely the rea
sons why this purpose of the Kaiser
should be known here earlier than In any
other European capital, but it is so, and
Ministers are most positive about it.
Rumors regarding a new big loan have
been In circulation for some time. I
know from a good source that Senor
Puigcerver. Minister of Finance, will wait
until the Cortes is closed before taking
action In that direction. He will then ne
gotiate a loan in gold for twelve million
pounds ($60,000,000) sterling.
DAMAGE DONE BY
THE BOMBARDMENT.
NEW YORK, May 20.— The steamer Ar
kadla, plying between New York and
Porto Rico, arrived here to-day. She was
In the harbor of Snn Juan two days after
the recent bombardment by Rear-Admiral
Sampson's fleet. Captain Lloyd says that
from fifteen to twenty Spaniards were
killed and about sixty wounded.
Many houses were damaged, one of the
forts was destroyed and two guns were
dismounted. The Arkadla was not allowed
to bring any mail from Porto Rico. She.
brought a report that on May 14 a fleet
of Spanish warships arrived at Aquln
Bay, San Domingo. The fleet was com
posed of one battleship, three cruisers and
four torpedo boats or destroyers, also
several supply ships.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 21, 1898.
SANTA ROSA'S
DAY OF GAYETY
Guests See a Beautiful
Floral Pageant,
FLOWER BEDECKED FLEET.
QUEEN GBACE'S WARSHIPS IN
ACTION.
Thousands of Visitors Pelted With
Buds and Blossoms by the
Fairest Daughters of
Sonoma.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SANTA ROSA, May 20.— The Pythian
rose carnival, the greatest in the his
tory of this city of roses, is a thing of
the past. Though the events of the
day are over, the memory of the gor
geous spectacle presented as the floral
pageant swept down the principal
streets will forever linger as a pleas
ant recollection In the minds of those
fortunate enough to have witnessed it.
The wealth of floral beauty lavished
upon decorations, floats and carriages
would have bankrupted any but a city
whose capital in that line is unlimited.
While trainloads of roses and other
flowers were used, the gardens of the
city hardly show the effects of the
stripping to which they were subjected
the last few days.
Santa Rosa has been crowded all
day. It was a good-natured throng
and all seemed to realize the fact that
everybody was out for a good time.
At S o'clock in the morning an excur
sion from Ukiah and intermediate
points arrived in this city. Several
thousand people came on this train
alone, three engines being required to
haul the well-filled coaches. Three big
excursion trains came in during the
forenoon from San Francisco, and by
11 o'clock standing room was hardly to
be had on the streets. While awaiting
the parade many visited Camp Hah
man, the picturesque spot where the
Uniformed Rank, Knights of Pythias,
is encamped. Four bands marched
through the streets at the head of the
several military companies rendezvous
ing in this city for the day, and Park's
band gave an open-air concert on the
courthouse portico.
Promptly at 2 o'clock General Rob
ert Ross, commnnder-in-chief of the
parade, accompanied by his staff, and
preceded by a platoon of mounted po
lice, came into view headed down
I Fourth street. His appearance was the
' signal for a mighty shout, which was
I taken up along the line from the Athe
neum to the Donahue depot, a distance
of fifteen blocks. General Ross was
accompanied by the following aids: A.
I L. Fisher, Dr. R. P. Smith, Charles
; Lee, Don Elliott, J. F. Kinslow, L. L.
: Viers, F. P. Grace and J. B. Davis.
In the first division, under commajid
lof Major L. W. Juilliard, were the
I military companies of San Rafael, Pet
aluma and Santa Rosa, and Ellsworth ;
| Post, Grand Army of the Republic.
The second division, commanded by
i John M. McLaughlin, contained the
Uniform Rank, Knights of Pythias, the I
Rathbone Sisters and visiting lodges of
the Knights of Pythias from various
towns in the county, all wearing re
galias or uniforms forming some dia
| tinctive feature. A unique feature in
j this division was the parade of the
"D. K. K. S." in full costume. They
gave a mystic yell every few yards,
much to the delight and amazement of
the spectators.
The third division, Hood Burnett
! marshal, consisted of the Juvenile car- j
j nival parade. There were over 100 en
tries of the most unique creations con- i
ceivable. There were dogcarts, pony- i
| carts, tricycles, bicycles, goatcarts and !
| A. W. Fosters Shetland six-in-hand.
The fourth division, in command of
Charles O. Dunbar, constituted the
principal carnival features of the
parade.
By common consent the handsomest
private entry was Walter Morosco's j
! handsome drag and eight-in-hand, !
1 driven by Morosco himself and attended
,by two liveried footmen. Upon the
i drag were seated Misses Juanlta Con
ley, .Helen Overton, Nettie Peck, Lor
ena Hoag and Nettie Royal, Mrs. L. W
Burris and little Edith Wylie.
Among the unique features was an
old dump-cart, daintily decorated with
handsome flowers, the harness wrapped
throughout with satin ribons. Seated
on the floor of the cart were Misses
Hahman, Carrie Hood, Fannie Rey
nolds and Clara Hahman. Each wore
a great white dairymaid's bonnet, and
all were nearly covered by a mass of
roses, which they scattered among the J
spectators as they drove merrily along.
A dainty pony cart in which were
seated the children of J. Ed Hall at
tracted attention. The private car
riage of Mrs. C. L. Kopf and a phaeton
in which were seated Misses Nieta
Stoff and Elsie Morris, themselves two
of the fairest buds that ever bloomed
in this land of flowers, were loudly ap
plauded. Uncle Sam, in the person of
little Calvin Rohrer, mounted on a tiny
bicycle, called for hearty cheers.
Of course the principal feature of the
parade was the eagerly awaited car
nival fleet, which consisted of three
ships— the "Queen of the Carnival," an
I exact representation of the cruiser
Charleston, though on smaller lines,
and the two monitors, "Damon" and
"Pythias." Each was built according
to plans and made under the personal
supervision of Grant O. Richards, ed
itor of the Press Democrat, and one
sad feature of the day was the knowl
edge that the one who had worked so
hard to make this principal feature of
the parade a success was so seriously
ill at home that he could not witness
the happy fruition of his labors.
The warship "Queen of Carnival" was
over forty feet long and was propelled
by a steam engine concealed in the
j body of the vessel. The good ship was
gayly decked with garlands of roses.
Seated upon the upper deck, under a
canopy of royal purple, was sweet lit
tle Grace Dougherty, the daughter of
Judge S. K. Dougherty of this city,
surrounded by her court. Upon the
bridge stood gallant little Edward Gage
in full uniform, field glass in hand, his
eye ever and anon scanning the horizon
in quest of an enemy who mitrht be so
bold as to attempt to harm his beauti
ful sovereign. As the fleet passed down
the streets the crowds cheered to the
echo. A band seated upon the lower
deck of the Queen's craft discoursed
patriotic airs.
This evening the carnival ball was
held in honor of Queen Grace and her
dainty court. It was the concluding
event of the most gorgeous floral fete
ever held in Sonoma's capital.
Ex-Governor Roberts Dead.
AUSTIN, Tex.. May 21).— Kx-Governor
O. M. Roberts is dead of Bright's disease,
Jn his eijrthty-thirrl year. He was Gover
nor of Texas from 1879 to 1882, and was
Chief Justice of the State for a number
of years before that.
Shall we hold the Philippine Isl
ands? By ex-Secretary of State
Sherman and Chauncey Depew in
next Sunday's Call.
WAR MEASURE
AMENDMENTS
Several to Be Decided by
the Senate.
AS TO ISSUES OF BONDS.
DANIEL OP VIBGINIA IS IN
OPPOSITION.
Many Important Substitutes for Par
agraphs in the Original Bill
Remain to Be Acted
Upon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 20.
At the conclusion of to-day's Bession
of the Senate, the reading of the war
measure had been completed. About
seven-eighths of the amendmentd pro
posed by the Senate committee have
been agreed to. Those remaining are,
quite naturally, the most important in
the bill, and will provoke a great deal
of discussion. The principal amend
ments yet to be passed upon are those
relating to the issue of bonds and cer
tificates of indebedness, the tobacco
tax, the tax of proprietary articles, the
issue of greenbacks, the coinage of the
silver seigniorage, the issue of silver
certincates, the inheritance tax and the
tax on corporations. The action upon
some of the amendments will be de
pendent upon that on others. Aldrich
(It.) of Rhode Island, to-day offered as
a substitute for the paragraphs relat
ing- to the coinage of the seigniorage,
the issue of silver certincates and the
issue of legal tender notes, the bond
provision prepared by the Republican
minority of the Committee on Finance.
If the bond provision should be accept
ed by the Senate, the amendments of
fered by the Democrats in lieu of It
will naturally be rejected.
Daniel (D.) of Virginia delivered a
speech strongly opposing an issue of
bonds and supporting the substitute
paragraphs opposed by the Democratic
majority of the Finance Committee.
Soon after the Senate convened to-day
Hale of Maine, chairman of the Commit
tee on Naval Affairs, favorably reported
from the committee House Joint resolu
tion providing for the organization and
enrollment of an auxiliary naval force
which shall form an Inner line of defense.
An amendment by the Senate committee
provides that the force shall not exceed
3000 men. The resolution was passed.
A bill was reported from the Commit
tee on Indian Affairs and passed authoriz
ing the- Secretary of the Treasury to re
fund $15,335 to the Chicago. Milwaukee
and St. Paul Railroad Company, the sum
having been deposited in the United States
Treasury many years ago as a guaran
tee and for which no value was received.
A joint resolution was passed calling
upon the Secretary of fl'ar for a report
OH the Sablne Pass improvement.
At the conclusion of the morning busi
ness, consideration of the war revenue
measure w;ts resumed. Daniel then com
menced his speech.
Every man in Congress, whatever his
political affiliations, Daniel said, stood
squarely behind the President and indi
vidually and collectively would give him
earnest and sincere support. He main
tained, however, that absolutely no neces
sity existed for plunging: the country into
a great bonded debt on account of exist
ing war. He was unwilling, he said, to
mortgage posterity, to burden future gen
erations with a debt, the example of
which would be a constant temptation to
extravagance.
Daniel maintained that the authors of
the House bill had protected the wealth
and taxed the property of the country.
He said that the stamp tax was the most
odious and pestiferous tax invented by
man. It was a tnx which must be paid
daily. The corporations, he thought,
ought to be willing to be taxed their
share of the burdens imposed by the war.
and many would receive great sums of
money from the Government itself for
contracts for war supplies. In conclusion,
he expressed the hope that the com
mittee amendment levying the tax on cor
porations would be agreed to, as, he was
assured many of the corporations them
selves would not object, and the people
would most heartily approve It.
The committee amendment striking out
the tonnage tax was agreed to.
The committee amendment relating to
the taxation of legacies and distributive
snares of personal property was read. A
committee amendment maintaining the
legacies excepted $10,000 instead of $5000
was agreed to.
Lodge could see no good reason for ex
ceptlng bequests from a wife to a hus
band, or husband to a wife. He therefore
moved that the provision making this
exemption be stricken from the bill.
Lodge said he was in favor of an inheri
tance tax. but any exemptions or excep
tions were if n fair. •
Elkins opposed the levying by the gen
eral Government of an inheritance tax.
Lodge's amendment was rejected.
Ponding the discussion of an amend
ment by Bacon, tho inheritance tax para
graph was passed over.
Upon the completion of the reading of
the bill, Aldrlcn offered the bond pro
vision and the provision authorizing cer
tificates of Indebtedness, as substitutes
for the sections of the bill reported by
the majority of the committee providing
for the colnnge of silver seigniorage, the
issue of silver certificates and the issue
of United States notes.
The bill was then laid aside. The Sen
ate, at 4:35 p. m.. went into executive ses
sion and shortly afterward adjourned
until to-morrow.
TO BE TAKEN OUT
OF DEPARTMENT HANDS.
Some Congressmen Believe Too Much
Time is Lost in Sending Aid
to Dewey.
BOSTON. May 20.— A Washington spe
cial to the Journal says: CongTess is pre
paring to take the matter of sending re
llef t<> D*wey out of the hands of the de
partments because of the inexcusable de
lay, some Congressmen believing the ad
ministration has no intention of sending
an army to the Philippines.
FOR REASONS^NOT TO
BE MADE PUBLIC.
Announcement That the Spanish Em
bassador to France Is Effecting
a Rapprochement.
LONDON, May 20.— The Madrid corres
pondent of the Times says: A newspaper
which is officially inspired makes the
oracular announcement that Senor Leon
y Castillo, the Spanish Embassador to
France, is engaged in effecting a rap
prochement with the French Government
for reasons which must not b© made
public.
COAL FOR OUR SHIPS.
Large Quantities Being Sent From
Puget t.ound to Honolulu.
SEATTLE, Ma- 20.— The ship Henry
Villard will be towed to-morrow from
Seattle to Comox to load 3000 tons of
coal. She will then run to Honolulu
with other sailing vessels, and the coal
will be put ashore for the United States
Government to be used on war vessels
and transports.
E. E. Came said to-night that he sold
the bark Enoch Talbot with her cargo
of 2300 tons of Comox coal to the United
States Government. The purchase was
made by Commander Green of the Port
Orchard dry dock. It is said that the
present order of the Government is for
13,000 tons of British Columbia coal.
SMOKELESS POWDER
FOR THE WARSHIPS
Vessels Will Be Equipped With It
and a Government Factory
Soon Established.
NEW YORK, May 20,— The Herald's Washington corre
spondent telegraphs: Captain Charles O'Neil, chief of the Bu
reau of Ordnance, proposes in future to equip as many vessels
as possible with smokeless powder. I learned to-day that the
cruiser Newark", which will be formally placed in commission
to-morrow at the Norfolk navy-yard, has been fitted out with
smokeless powder, not only for the guns comprising her sec
ondary battery, but for the twelve 6-inch rapid firing guns
comprising her main battery.
Under contracts given by the Ordnance Bureau several
thousand pounds of smokeless powder of all caliber are being
manufactured daily so that a large supply will shortly be on
hand. Besides the Newark the only other ships in the service
supplied with the smokeless powder are the cruiser Marblehead
and auxiliary cruiser Prairie, tne latter attached to the squad
ron of Commodore Howell.
Captain O'Neil intends to place contracts for $250,000
worth of smokeless powder of all calibers in the near future in
order that it may be possible to supply as many ships as needed
with this kind of ammunition. "In addition to placing orders for
its manufacture Captain O'Neil is proposing the work of estab
lishing a smokeless powder" manufactory. Plans are being
perfected for the construction of such a plant, and Congress
having appropriated the money necessary for building it, it is
proposed to select a site as soon as possible and place contracts
for the erection of the building. Unfortunately the plant will
not be ready for operation undei 1 a year, but should the war
still be in progress at that time it will be possible to supply
ships with an unlimited supply of smokeless powder.
GREAT INTEREST IN THE
PHILIPPINES' FUTURE.
Press of St. Petersburg Urge That
Bussia Secures a Lease of Some
of the Islands.
ST. PETERSBUrG, May 20.—
public and the press here are evincing
great Interest In the future of the Phil
ippine Islands. Much hostility Is mani
fested toward any scheme by which the
United States. Great Britain. Germany,
individually or Jointly, are to have po
session of the islands, and some of the
newspapers urge the Russian Govern
ment to endeavor to obtain from Spain
a lease of some of the Philippine Is
lands, In order that they may serve as
a Russian base in the Pacific.
* ■:>.
FATAL EXPLOSION AT
A PROJECTILE FACTORY.
Through an Accident Five Spanish
Soldiers and Five Workmen
Are Killed.
CARTHAGENA, Spain, May 20.— An
explosion occurred at the Chateau San
Julian. It is supposed to have taken
place in a projectile factory.
It is known that five soldiers and five
workmen were killed outright and sixty
two persons severely injured, among
them the Governor of the port. The ex
plosion was accidental.
EMBARKING FOR
THE^ PHILIPPINES.
Eight Thousand Troops Drawn by
Spain "U-etting Ready to Leave
Barcelona.
BARCELONA, May 20.— Between 7000
and 8000 troops drawn from Catalonia.
Alusia and around Aragon and Valen
cia are embarking here for the Philip
pines. _
Crack Colts Meet To-Day.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 20.— The Oak
ley Derby, valued at $10,000. will be de
cided to-morrow at the opening day's
races of the Cincinnati Jockey Club. Only
four starters are named to go to the post
in the big event, but the race promises
to be a hotly contested one. The start
ers are: Plaudit, Lieber Karl, Bannock
burn and John Bright. Willie Martin
will ride Plaudit, T. Burns will be on
Lieber Karl, Morrison on Bannoekburn
and A. Clayton on John Bright. Book
makers figure Plaudit a hot favorite at
1 to 4 with 3 to 1 Lieber Karl and Ban
noekburn and 10 to 1 John Bright.
Big Fire at Toledo.
TOLEDO, 0.. May 20.— Damage to the
amount of $350,000 was caused here to
night by a fire which destroyed the six-
Btory building at Superior and Jefferson
streets occupied by Dodd & Snell, whole
sale grocers. The plant of the Toledo
I.lade, adjoining, was considerably dam
at'.d The falling of a wall carried down
Firemen Herman T. Bishop, Riser Tre
penski and Wills, who are believed to
have perished.
Austrian Cruiser Going to Cuba.
Copyrighted, ISt'S. by James Gordon Bennett.
GIBRALTAR, May 20.— The Austrian
ram cruiser Maria Teresa has arrived
from Pola. In a day or two she will go
to Cuba.
WHOLESALE THEFT
OF LEAD PIPE.
DUFFEY BROS., PLUMBERS, ARE
SYSTEMATICALLY ROBBED.
Suspicion Fastened on Two Em
ployes of the Firm, Who
Will Be Arrested
To-Day.
Through the efforts of Detectives Ryan
and ODea the quantity of lead pipe which
was systematically stolen from Duffey
Brothers, the plumbers, has been recov
ered. Yesterday afternoon the detec
tives, who have been working on the case
for several days, found about $1000 worth
of the stolen property In a junk store at
17 Misson street. It was removed to the
Central station and turned over to the
property clerk.
Duffey Brothers have the plumbing con
tract for the new ferry depot, and during
the past few months they have missed
large quantities of lead pipe. Suspicion
was fastened on an employe, but despite
the vigilance of the brothers the thefls
continued. How they managed to get
away with the property puzzles the po
lice It is believed, however, that after
working hours the thieves would drive
a dray up to the place where the pipe lay
and then cart it away. It was not until
about a week ago that Ryan and ODea
learned where the stolen property had
been disposed of.
They consulted Duffey Brothers, with the
result that it was decided to lay a trap
in the hope of catching the thieves. After
waiting for several days, and as the sus
pects railed to appear, the detectives con
cluded to move the stuff to the City Hall.
During the past several months it is
claimed that the men have stolen over
$500 worth of pipe belonging to Duffey
Brothers. The detectives know who they
are and expect to arrest them to-day.
"Remember the Maine," words
and music of the latest patriotic song
in next Sunday's Call.
REMENYI HONORED
BY HIS FRIENDS.
IMPKESSIVE CEREMONIES HELD
OVER HIS REMAINS.
Colonel Kowalsky Delivers a Touch
ing Eulogy— The Body
Shipped to His
Family.
, Although far from home Edouard Rem
enyi, the great violinist who dropped
dead last Sunday while entrancing a vast
audience In the Orpheum Theater by his
matchless music, was not forgotten in
death by the friends he made in this city.
They came nobly to the front to honor
their distinguished visitor with eulogy
and tears of respect.
The ceremonies in B'nai B'rith Hall
yesterday were sad and impressive. Seat
ed around the bier of the departed genius
were those who had listened with rapture
to his wonderful bowing and who now
honored his remains with their presence.
The Hungarian Society sat on each side
of the coliin, while at the foot were pall
bearers chosen from the ranks it leading
musicians and professional men. On the
stage Stark's Hungarian orchestra dis
coursed pathetic strains, while the gal
lery and the main iloor were crowded
with hundreds of both sexes.
The ceremony opened with the magnifi
cent prelude to King Manfred by Rei
nicke. As the wailing of the violins filled
the room a stillness crept over the hall un
til the music ceased, when the enwrapped
listeners awakened as from a dream.
Colonel H. 1. Kowalsky then paid his
respects to his departed friend in a eulogy
that came from the heart. Ke told of his
family in the East, of his great gene
rosity. In concluding he said: "He played
his last engagement before an earthly
audience. He bowed, never again to re
spond to the plaudits of his admirers. But
his soul sped with all haste to that ever
lasting home, where angel musicians
awaited him — where sorrow is a stranger
and where sweetest melodies are ethereal.
God rest his soul."
The orchestra then played Gounod's "Avp
Maria," and at the close a last look was
taken and then the funeral cortege wend
ed its way to White & Porter's undertak
ing parlors, where the body was arranged
for shipment East. It left on the G o'clock
train in care of Sol Levy, and on its ar
rival in Xew York will be met by the
Hungarian Society.
The flowers were few and simple. Colo
nel Kowalsky sent a laurel wreath, and
his daughter's tribute was a sheaf of
wheat. An American and Hungarian flag
wreath was the token of the Hungarian
Society.
The violins and other personal effects of
the departed musician will be forwarded
shortly to the widow.
REPUBLICAN CLUBS LEAGUE.
Reception Committee Has a Warm
Time Over a Communication
to Senator Perkins.
A little disturbing element crept into
the proceedings at the meeting of the re
ception committee of the Republican
State Clubs which was held at the Union '
League clubrooms last night. It occurred
over the sending of "a communication to
Senator Perkins, requesting him, as an 1
officer of the Pacific Coast Steamship i
Company, to allow the committee the use
of their steamers for a hay excursion to
the visiting country delegates, number- '
ing 700, to the convention of Republican '
clubs on May 31 and June 1. The commu
nication was signed by E. M. Galvin,
chairman of the reception committee, who
presided over the deliberations of last
night. A faction led by Colonel Stone was
opposed to the sending of such a letter
to the Senator, which, by the way, had
already been sent, Stone claiming that it
savored too much of the "stand up and
deliver" proposition, that the committee
had exceeded its powers in sending the
communication and that the convention
could get along without a bay excursion.
The discussion waxed very bitter, and It
was agreed to eliminate the bay excur
sion from the programme. Xo disposition
was made in regard to the letter to Per
kins, and the committee will abide by his
reply in the matter. At this juncture
Jtsse Marks moved that all the subcom
mittees of the reception committee be dis
charged forthwith, and the motion was
carried. All that will now be done will be
to properly receive the delegates. It was
reported that Colonel Stone had wired
Senator Perkins not to recognize the com
munication requesting the use of a ves
sel from his company.
Discussed the Charter.
A debate was held on the value of
the new charter in the Turk street
Temple last night under the auspices
of the Ran Francisco Trade and Labor
Alliance, an organization made up al
most entirely of Socialists. The only
defender of the new charter who could
be found in the hall was Alfred Cridgt.
He expressed himself as being opposed
to the greater portion of it, but said
that there was a clause in it which ren
dered it easy of amendment by the
people, so for this reason he favored
it. Speeches opposing the charter were
made by Neal Bassett, Dr. Willey, P.
Ross Martin and many others.
Will of J. W. Cudworth.
The •will of James W. Cudworth. who
died May 12, leaving an estate valued at
$100,000, has been filed for probate. The
fair>ily residence on Union street, near
Buchanan, was left to his wife, Johanna,
and upon her death or remarriage is to
pass into the possession of her children.
The residue of the estate was left en
tirely to the latter.
na Ai/ Pains are hard to bear.
SJI If Ooe of tbe chief signs of
ntll f\ general debility is a
UnUll weak or a laroe back-
Men wbo suffer from it
are generally those wboare weak-
lings— those wbo are only half roen
when tbey should be full of life
and fire. Any sort of excess will
cause this lackof full power. Some-
times the evil that bas been done
is not seen for years.
nnrn Your systero respond
ij Li. Witboutasenseofweak-
; ? a I■" A ness whenyouarecalled
UULU oo to perforro any of the
duties or fuoctions of
nature? (Ire you ready at all tiroes
to work, or are you drowsy a-nd
tired tbe day though? If you are
disioclioed for aoy of your duties
tbere roust be a wasting process
goiog on somewbere. Fi" d it out
and stop it.
iiA*r A day should be lost.
all * You Will bave trerobling
ill 5 hands aod shaky knees
|| |J I and be filled with a
sense of gloom and de-
spair in tbe place of firm lirobs
aod a seose of being a grand roan
soon. If you have abused your
opportuoities In any way, and
bave tbereby become weak, ask
about "Hudyan," the great re-
medio-treatment. It roakes mao'y
meQ.
1 OUT Ar ? d suffer pain as you
A I may to-day, "Hudyao"
111 nr will 9 ive y° u ° str °o3
nUML bacK- It will fill you
witf) youthful energy
and the consciousness of full
power. It has done that for
20,000 men. Write and ask for
absolutely free circulars and tes-
timonials telling you all about it.
No expense to you, reroember.
Medical advice is free, too. Just
ask f° r It-
Those copper-colored spots that you see
occasionally, the small ulcers in tho
mouth and the loosening of teeth,
thinning of eyebrows and other things
mean some form of blood taint. As for
"30-day blood cure" circulars and testi-
monials when you see the slightest sign.
All forms give way alike to "30-day blood
cure." It is certain in action in all
cases.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
San Francisco.
SURETY_BONDS.
FIDELITY ANTDEPOSIT CO.
OF MARYLAND.
Home Office, Baltimore, Maryland.
FINANCIALSTATEMENT
January 1, 1898.
RESOURCES.
Peal estate (Fidelity building) f 600,000 00
State and municipal bonds 1,255,010 00
Street railway bonds (Baltimore
City) 169,240 00
Railroad and other bonds 186,550 00
Agents' debit balances, less commis-
sions : • ••••••"• 96.116 34
Premiums In course of collection
(home office) 6.020 43
Cash in office and banks.... 188,557 58
$2,300,624 33
LIABILITIES.
Capital stock (paid in)....»l,000,000 00
Surplus 1,000.000 00
Premium reserve 435,089 6$ . r^'i
Claims in process o*
adjustment 7,829 78
Claims reported, but proof n
not filed 20,507 71
Undivided profits 37,097 15
— $2,500,524 83
EDWIN WARFIELD, President.
HERMAN E. BOSLER.
Secretary and Treasurer.
FRANK I— GILBERT.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
204-208 Sansome St., San Francisco.
ALASKA
AND
KOTZEBUE SOUND
STEAMERS.
First=Class to Dawson
$200.
ALASKA-YUKON TRANSPORTATION CO.
(Polar Bear Line)
Will Dispatch the Following Steamers:
May 25, 1898 ..For St. Michaef
The New Electric Lighted Steamer
NATIONAL CITY,
Connecting at that point with the magnificent
river steamers "James Eva," "J. W. Scam-
mell." "H. H. Barling" and "Hetty B." tor
Dawson and Yukon River points.
June 1, 1898 For St. Michael
The Magnificent Steamer
EXCELSIOR,
Connecting with the above river boats.
250 Pounds Baggage Free.
The lowest of rates can be obtained on these
steamers. ALASKA-YUKON TRANSPORTA-
TION COMPANY, General Office, 3 Steuart
St., San Francisco, Cal. ■
MADE ME A MAN
Wgas AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
iT/ 13 ""^ A ZL Nervous IHaeases— Falllns Mocnr
K3 -» *I «ry, lmpotoncy. Sleerie<«nesB, eto^ caused
E» •rl by Abuse or other Eice«Bes and Indls*
MAJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
ALL Nervous IHneases— Failing Mem-
ory, impoteTicy. Sle-fyensnesa. etc^ caused
by Abuse or ocher Excesses and Indis-
cretions, Tltev quic/ay and turely
\ fSff restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
jSs~/s/l- fit a man for etndy, business or marriage.
Prevent Insanity and Conßumj^on if
tabenTnUme. Thair osa shows immedlaU, uuprove-
»nentand effects »COBS where all other fail In-
sist npor. having tho ceuatne Ajnx Tablets. They
havo cured thousands and will euro you. J>p sivo PO3-
itivo written guarantee to effect a euro CA nTO in
each case or refund the money. Price WW *'•,*» "Per
POckageYor eu pkses <fuH treatment) for $2^60. y ;
mail In plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular .
For sale In San Francisco by Leipnitz <& Co..
»6 Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. 949 Mkt.
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S <>«-*
i&IL Museum of Anatomy
i©*H\ 1051 mzM 2T - t9t - cth 4 "'•-• 5 - r - c»l
A W The Largest «f its Hnd Id tlreWo-lil.
I $mHL\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Ifftwn Hf Con«ult»:loo free. Writ« for M«ok;j,', ; V-,
|T| If Phifosophy of * Marriage.
. a ii ! HAILED FREE.
GEiMERDE9(iMATCHING ON TO CAMP RICHMOND
(Advance of Volunteer Legions
From the Middle West.
Zealandia Chartered for
Manila— Duty for Na
val Reserves.
MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG. U. S. A.,
chief quartermaster of the de
partment, yesterday received a
-wire from Washington that the Zeal
andia of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany had been chartered by the Gov
ernment for transport service in the
Philippine expedition. There is talk
of chartering- other vessels, but no defi
nite announcement of further engage
ment in this respect could be made yes
terday. The fitting of the Zealandia
for the voyage will be of the same char
acter as that wh,ich has proved so ac
ceptable in the case of the Australia,
Patent berths will be installed and
other features of comfort introduced.
The Zealandia's regular run will be
taken by the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company. The Doric will be the first
vessel out.
Regarding the City of Peking's fit
ness for carrying troops without dis
comfort to the men it was remarked
by Major Long yesterday that the ship
had been prepared for the expedition
under the personal supervision of Cap
tain Gibson of the United States navy
and Mr. Schwerin, an ex-officer of the
navy. The ship had been inspected by
the Sanitary Commission and by Gen
erals Merriam and Otis. The Govern
ment has now decided to limit the
number of soldiers to go on the Pe
king to one regiment. The former plan
was to send a regiment and a battalion
on this ship. In consequence of this
change much of the space for berths
will be given to cargo, and the men
will not be crowded. It is said that
every vestige of Chinese occupancy has
been removed and the Chinese crew
discharged. Changes have been made
to insure perfect ventilation by ad
mitting an abundance of fresh air and
exhausting the impure atmosphere.
General Merriam. commanding the
Department of California, has been ad
vised that the extensive barracks at
Benicia, which can comfortably shelter
1000 men, are now vacant and can be
used if desired. General Merriam be
lieves that the incoming troops should ,
be encamped in San Francisco, where i
the supply department and subsistence
stores are established. It is thought ,
to be better to have all the troops for
the Manila expedition concentrated j
here under the immediate direction of j
the officers appointed to command the j
forces. It is estimated at department j
headquarters that the space on the j
Bay District ground is ample for 10,000 j
men. As troops go forward to Ma- j
nila places will be vacated which may j
be filled by regiments arriving late*-.
Concerning the mishap to the
Charleston. -Irving M. Scott remarked
yesterday that he had taken condenser
tubes from his own ship to enable the
Government to mak* the needed repairs
on the cruiser. The Charleston was
constructed fourteen years ago and no
doubt new condensers were needed, but
the fact remained that th« Government
plant at Mare Island was not able to
supply condensing apparatus. In all
the rush of war preparations the man
agers of the Union Iron "Works have
not been solicited to rush the work of
any ship at their yard. On their own
motion the Scotts have advanced the
work on the torpedo-boat Farragut and j
will soon have the vessel ready for
service.
The change of climate and open air
life have given the troops on the tented
field of the Presidio an ar.n?tite that
the army ration hardly satisfies. There
is some complaint that the food Is not
sufficient in quantity for the demands
of these robust youngsters. The in
adequacy of the ration may be due in
b. measure to the inexperience of the
regimental commissary officers and
the company commissary regiments, but
whatever the cause may be. the fact
Ptill remains that troops encamped in
California should have all the food they
want. In the volunteer distribution of
fruits, and dainty good things, the men
from "Washington and Oregon may not
have been so bountifully provided for
as the men of the California organi
zations, whose friends and kin folk
flaily troop out to the camp with of
ferings of good things to eat. It would j
he in eood form and In line with broad j
principles of hospitality for our people {
here In San Francisco to pay especial ;
attention to the wants of the rai- |
ments from other States thrn Califor
nia. - #
DELAYED B^ A WRECK.
Arrival of Nebraska and Kan-
sas Battalions — Troops in
Fine Condition.
One battalion, the Third, from Nebras
ka, completing that regiment, and two
battalions of the Twentieth Kansas Val
hnteers, were all the troops that arrived
(n this city yesterday, though several
:rainloads reached Oakland last night
md the men 'will cross the ferry and pro
teed to camp early this morning.
At leapt 3000. men should have arrived
Curing the day, but a disastrous wreck
on the Central Pacific, near Boca, de
.ayed all the troop trains nearly half a
Say. As a result, the streets leading to
the old Bay District track will resound
Kith the tramp of boys in blue from
*arly this morning until late at night.
ffany more will follow to-morrow, so that
.he patriotic citizens of San • Francisco
yill be kept busy welcoming the march
ng hosts.
All day long yesterday a big crowd
waited outside the ferry depot for the
men from beyond the Rockies. Within
•he big structure a bevy of ladies as pa
triotic as any wearer of the army blue
Uso waited, but not from idle curiosity
Their mission was to minister to the
loldiers, and most nobly they performed
fheir labors. These were the members
>f the Red Cross Society, reinforced by
L delegation from the King's Daughters
they had been notified that the troops
irould begin to arrive early in the morn
ing, and long before 8 o'clock they as
sembled in the baggage room, laden with
dibles and flowers. A wagon containing
leveral milk cans filled with ■■ steaming
ioffee drove up and soon everything was
l readiness. The long tables were taate
ully decorated ■' with flowers, and huge
unch bowls The long tables were taste
jlly decorated with flowers, and huge
unch bowls filled with lemonade, but
leir quests failed to materialize. Finally
rord was received that th» first dot&ch-j
ment would not be in until 3 o'clock, bif.
the ladies would not desert their posts.
They were fearful some band of hungry
soldiers might get through, so they wait
ed for hours, whiling away the time in
singing patriotic songs and feeding the
band and railroad employes.
Among the members of the Red Cross
Society in attendance were: Mesdames
I. Ivowenberg, W. H. Mills. C. R. Wlns
low. AY. B. Harrington, Snook. Gitvin.
Buckingham, Parnell. Judge Slack, Mc-
Kluny, Requa. Captain Lovy and Bur
nett; Misses McEwen, Jpnnle Blair, May
nard, McKlerny and Gertrude Burnett,
besides a number of King's Daughters.
At 3:20 p. m. the third battalion of
the Nebraska regiment arrived, and after
stacking- arms, wore taken in hand by the
ladies. They rewarded their hostesses
with three cheers and a tiger, and then
marched up Market street to Golden Gate
avenue and out to camp, headed by the
band of the Merchants' Association.
The battalion was in command of Major
H. B. Mulford of Omaha, the companies
composing it being as follows:
Company M, Broken Bone; captain, J.
G. Painter; iirst lieutenant, V. C. Talbot;
second lieutenant, C. T. Urr.
Company B, Fullerton; captain, W. H.
Oury: first lieutenant, J. T. Smith; second
lieutenant, J. A. Storch.
Company F, Madison; captain, C. A.
Vickers; lirst lieutenant, Fred Gegner;
second lieutenant, Jacob Henderson.
Company X, Columbus; Captain J. N.
Killian; first lieutenant Charles W. Jens;
second lieutenant, E. O. Weber.
Meantime, the Twentieth Kansas had
reached Oakland, but there was some mis
understanding regarding us going into
camp last night. But at 6:20 p. m. two
battalions landed at the ferry. This regi
ment is the victim of a Populist Gov
ernor, and, as a result, is the poorest
equipped of any that has yet arrived.
Few of the men are uniformed and will
have to be supplied from the army depot
here.
While Kansas has a finely organized
and equipped National Guard, the Gov
ernor insisted upon paying off some polti
cal obligations when the chance came for
him to appoint officers. This, naturally,
made the Guardsmen angry and many re
fused to enter the volunteer service with
out their regular officers. Consequently,
independent companies were formed and
hurried to the front before they could be
properly equipped. The men are weil
drilled, however, and as soon as they are
uniformed, will compare favorably with
any of the other regiments.
Colonel Frederick Funston, the com
mander, has an enviable record. He was
formerly Lieutenant Colonel and chief of
artillery on Gomez's staff. He was once
captured by the Spaniards, but escaped
and was afterward shot through the
lungs. He is now on detached service,
being on duty with General Miles' staff.
The regiment is in command of lieuten
ant Colonel Little. United States Consul
to <'airo, Egypt, during Harrison's admin
istration. His staff consists of Majors F.
H. Whitman and Wilder S. Metcalf. com
manding the First and Second battalions,
which arrived yesterday; Major John A.
Rafter, surgeon; Captains Charles S.
Huffman and Henry D. Smith, assistant
surgeons; Captain W. A. Deford, adju
tant; Captain J. G. Schliemann, chap
lain; First Lieutenant Lafe C. Smith,
quartermaster.
The companies of the First Battalion
are officered as follows:
Company X, Ottawa — Captain, Edmund
Bottwood; first lieutenant, J. F. Hull;
second lieutenant. Iris Parker.
Company G, Independence— Captain, D.
■S. Elliott; firet lieutenant, Howard A.
Scott; second lieutenant. Will A. McTag
gart.
Company E, Burlington — Captain, Chas.
M. Christy; first lieutenant, D. F. Craig;
second lieutenant, P. S. Ray.
Company M, Salina— Captain, W. H.
Bishop; first lieutenant. E. L. Glasgow;
second lieutenant, E. H. Agnews.
Second Battalion: Company H. Law
rence-Captain, A. G. Clark; first lieuten
ant. A. H. Krause; second lieutenant, A.
C. Alford.
Company D, Ptttsburg— Captain, H. D.
Orwlg; first lieutenant, W. J. Watson;
second lieutenant. Thomas Rlchers.
Company I. Paola and lola— Captain, C.
S. Flanders; first lieutenant. Walter Hull;
second lieutenant. A. W. Flanders.
Company C, Leavenworth— Captain. W.
S. Albright: first lieutenant. Harry S.
Seller; second lieutenant, John W. Haus-
Hc-rwater.
It was nearly 7:20 p. m. when the last of
these men had been fed, and with the
hand as an escort they proceeded out to
camp. They are well provided with tents,
but the Government will have to make
immediate provision for blankets for most
of them.
A SIGNIFICANT DETAIL.
Forty Men of the First Califor
nia Ordered Aboard the
Peking.
Late last night Quartermaster Dohr
mann of the First Regiment received an
order to detail forty men to go aboard
the City of Peking this morning to assist
in loading supplies aboard the ship. He
will also begin the hauling of the recently
issued supplies from the camp to the ves
sel. The. rifles and ammunition will be
taken first, and the other supplies will !
follow afterward. This would seem to
point to the fact that the troops may get
away sooner than the present circum
stances indicate.
The officers of the First do not seem to
think that the order of the Secretary of
War, ordering two regiments of regulars
to this coast, will have any effect in de
laying their departure, as they do not
anticipate that the Government Intends
the substitution of either of the regi
ments for the First.
The First regiment is now practically j
resting upon its arms. Colonel Smith's \
command is fully equipped in every way,
and prepared to sail for Manila, but j no
one seems to know just when the City of
Peking will leave this port. Some declare
she will sail to-morrow night, but from
the present outlook it is hardly possible
that she will sail before Tuesday.
Colonel Smith was absent from the
camp the greater part of- yesterday. He j
went to the city to confer with Generals i
Merriam and Otis, and also to make a
personal inspection of the City of Peking.
It is certain that no orders have yet
been received by the First or Fourteenth :
designating the exact day when the j
troops will leave this port. The officers ;
are hopeful of an early departure, as the
soldiers are chafing under the delay.
AH danger of an epidemic of measles
from the cases that have developed
among the Oregon troops seems" now to
have been safely passed, and owing to I
the rigid quarantine, no cases have so
far been reported among the other troops
in camp. Several suspects in the Oregon
Regiment were removed yesterday morn
ing to the • Marino Hospital, and the
quarantine is still rigorously maintained. !
Outside of the measles, the general health
of the soldiers encamped at the Presidio is
excellent, and no serious cases were re
ported yesterday at either the brigade or ;
regimental, hospitals. „
The following letter received yesterday
by Major White, U. S. A., explains Itself:
BAN FRANCISCO, May 20. 1898. U
•B. H. Wmta,' : V4ior,. &nd Surgeon, United.
S..V-, «,v...:v.. :'.->.■■ w-i---.- -f-~ '-■■■•■■■: ■•■'.«■•■■"■. *:!&,'■ '■•■■•■■--•■ ■■-■•' ■•"■•• »*..':■<»■*■:■
THE SAl* FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 21, 1898.
Btat»s Army- Sirr The yonngr ladlca of Golden
State Parlor, N. D. G. W., plao* in your hands
at th« request of Major W. D. McCarthy,
United States Volunteers, the sum of $60 for
the use of the medical department detailed for
service to the First Regiment. United Staten
California Volunteer Infantry- Very respect
fully. MRS. B. DENEHET, President.
MISS J. MEYER, Secretary.
MISS M. DUNKER, Treasurer.
The money was turned over by Miss
Dunker to Major McCarthy, who In turn
sent it to Major White.
The requisitions of the Sixth and Sev
enth regiments are now all in the quar
termaster's department, and in a week's
time these commands will be equipped
and ready for service. Company B of the
Seventh yesterday divided a purse of $150
among tne men, which had been raised
for the soldiers by the citizens of San
Diego.
General Barrett and Colonel Burjrin
were in camp yesterday adjusting the
THE VANGUARD OF THE KANSAS TROOPS ON THE WAY TO CAMP RICHMOND,
final transfer of all State property to the
Government. General Warfleld and sev
eral members of his staff were also visit
ors at Colonel Smith's headquarters.
Colonel Berry of the Seventh Regiment
yesterday issued an order appointing Ma
jor Frank C. Prescott. the senior major
of the regiment, as field officer's court.
The ladies of Alameda have prepared a
number of well-stocked baskets of lunch
eon, with which they will to-day feed the
soldiers of Colonel Berry's command.
In the Fourteenth Infantry the enlist
ment reached the large but unlucky num
ber of thirteen, which is the largest num
ber of men yet recruited in one day by
Lieutenant Hunt. Major Robe reports
his battalion as ready to move when so
ordered, but he has received no notifica
tion as to when he may expect to em
bark.
The Red Cross Society has issued to the
members of the various hospital corps
their badges of identification. The badge
is of platinum, with the insignia of the
Red Cross and the regimental designation
upon it.
Major McCarthy last evening ordered
the brigade hospital removed -from the
present location near the main road,
where visitors constantly intrude, and
perched on the hillside above the camp.
KANSAS TROOPS ARRIVE.
Camped at the Sixteenth-Street
Station, Oakland, Last
Night.
OAKLAND, May 20.— The Third Bat
talion of the Twentieth Kansas arrived at
Sixteenth-street station this evening at
7:30 o'clock, and was placed on a siding
for the night. Major F. E. Buchan of
Kansas City is in command, having Com
panies A, B, F and L.
The officers of the various companies
are as follows: Company A— Captain J.
E. Towers, First Lieutenant Frank J.
Frank; Second Lieutenant E. E. HtKldel
ston of Topeka; Company B— «^ftptain F.
E. Buchan, First Lieutenant Charles B.
Walker, Second Lieutenant E. B. Sho
waltf-r of Kansas City; Company F—
Captain Charles 1. Martin, First Lieuten
ant William A. Greene. Second Lieutenant
H. A. Shidler of Fort Soott; Company L —
Captain George N. Watson, First Lieu
tenant E. A. Frye, Second Lieutenant W.
A. Callahan of Abilene.
The regimental orncers are: Colonel
Fred Funston-, now detached and on the
staff of General Miles at Tampa, Fla,
Lieutenant Colonel E. C. Little of Tope
ka is in command. The majors are: F.
H. Whitman. W. S. Metcalf and F. E.
Buchan; adjutant, Lieutenant W. A. de
Ford; quartermaster. Lieutenant L. C.
Smith; surgeon. Major J. A. Rafter; as
sistant. Captain Charles S. t Huffman;
assistant. Lieutenant Henry D. Smith;
hospital stewards. William E. Hunger
foro, Seth B. Hamme.ll, C. Faulkners;
quartermaster sergeant. John G. Schlie
man; sergeant major, F. R. Dodge.
OVER NIGHT IN OAKLAND.
The Minnesota Troops Side-
Tracked in the Freight
Yards.
OAKLAND, May 20.— The West Oak
land railroad yards were alive with blue
coated soldiers to-night for the first time
since the great railroad strike of 1894. In
fact the stirring times of that year were
recalled by many as they saw train after
train roll into town loaded with soldiers.
The First Battalion of the First Minne
sota Regiment Volunteers arrived at 6:30
and were placed on a siding at Seventh
and Bay streets. A guard was put out
and military law established. The senti
nels had fixed ammunition in their guns
and a military bearing which commanded
respect from all. No one was allowed to
approach nearer than twenty feet to the
train until he had been admitted by a
commissioned officer. The regimental and
line officers are as follows: Colonel, C.
McC. Reeves; lieutenant colonel, Fred W.
Ames; majors, J. H. Fredericks, first bat
talion; Ed S. Mcßean, second , battalion;
A. M. Dieggle, third- battalion; adjutant,
Lieutenant E. G. Falk; quartermaster,
Lieutenant M. H. Hart; chaplain, Cap
tain Charles A. Cressy; battalion ad
jutants, Lieutenant Milton S. Mead, first
battalion; M. D. Garcelon, second bat
talion; E. M. Conrad, third battalion; sur
geon, Major R. J. Fitzgerald; , assistant
surgeon, Captain A. D. Law; ■ second as
sistant surgeon. Lieutenant H. P. Ritchie.
Company A— Captain. R. McWade; first
lieutenant- B-«r.* > «arse; second lieutenant
John DC^__.^7^S7 Captain,
Frank Rowley, first - lieutenant; Harry
Keilher; second lieutenant,. Don Fitzger
ald. Company , Captain, « N. rC. Robin
son; first lieutenant. C.G. Bunker; sec
ond lieutenant, James Snow. Company
r.-7-..., ■.:.■. --..-■■- ,;..-■• • -
D— Captain, C. E. Metz; first lieutenant,
M. L. Merrill; second lieutenant, H. H.
Tennant. Company E— Captain C. T.
Spear; first lieutenant, C. A. Clark; sec
ond lieutenant, C. R. Trowbrldge. Com
! pany F— Captain, M. A. Carleton; first
! lieutenant. C. M. Clark; second lieutenant,
C. L. Stone. Company G — Captain O. F.
Selbach; first lieutenant, Frank Mosley;
second lieutenant, E. S. Mellenger. Com
pany H— First lieutenant, W. Byrnstad;
second lieutenant, F. Sowter.
Colonel Reeve is a son of General Reevo
of the L*. S. A., and is an old guardsman.
Captain Morgan is the son of General
i Morgan, who led the gallant First Min
nesota Regiment during the Civil War,
which lost 82 per cent of its enrolled
strength and became famous at Gettys
burg.
Captain McKilvey has Been nine years'
service in the regulars and is a~n old
! Indian fighter. He has s*erved two terms
ias Sheriff of Steams County. A few
months ago, while attempting' to arrest
a couple of vagrants, they fired on him,
but he returned the fire, killing one and
riddling the other with bullets. His com
pany is newly recruited and consist
largely of railroad men, and thirty-five of
them are six feet or over in height.
Company I) and Company A are the
two crack commands, having been com
plimented by General Mile* as equal to
regulaib.
The! people of the State raised and pre
sented the regiment with over $17,0X1 be
fore they left home to be used as needed.
The whole regiment traveled in Washer
sleepers ami carried a complete camp
outfit.
The members of Company G have a
bull pup as a mascot, which ranks above
the colonel. He fell off the train at Au
burn, but a quick pull on the bell cord
brought the train to a stop, while one
of the men dropped off to run back and
get him. He was found running after
the train unhurt, and will march with
the command in Manila.
Section 1. consisting of Companies G,
X ;in<l L. in command of Colonel Reeves,
arrived at s:4f> o'clock. The major re
ported five men seriously 111, and said he
had telegraphed ahead to the city hospital
and the Red Cross for ambulances in
which to move the men.
Section 2 arrived at 10 o'clock, witli
Major Frederick in command. It consist
ed of Companies F. 11 and F. Two men
were ill, one having the measles.
Bectlon 3 arrived ac l- o'ciocK and con
sisted of Companies C. I» and M, with
Major Bean in command. Two men who
were taken from the hospital at the start
have done very well.
Section 4 arrived at 1:30. It con
sisted of Companies A. B and I, in com
mand of Major Dlggles. All were report
ed well. Ali of these troops will take the
flrs.t boat for Ban Francisco and parade
up Market street by 7 o'clock, marching
direct to camp at the Bay District track.
They expect to be settled in camp by
evening.
Colorado and Wyoming Troops
Coming.
The Colorado and Wyoming troops left
Sacremento at midnight and will arrive
between 3 and 5 o'clock at the mole and
go over on the early boat.
PATROL DUIY IN SIGHT
The Naval Reserve May Get
a Chance to Serve the
Country.
The California Naval Reserves* eager
desire for active service may soon be
gratified. Last evening Adjutant General
Barrett received the following from Cap
tain Crownlnshield, chief of the Bureau
of Navigation. Washington; D. C:
"Please confer with Rear Admiral Mil
ler, flagship Monterey, San Francisco,
concerning the supply of trews for pa
trolling vessels. He has been notified."
General Barrett will call on the admiral
to-day and doubtless make a tender for
Immediate service of all the men that
the a-dmiral may need for patrol duty.
Rear Admiral Miller was seen at the
Occidental last evening In reference to
the above telegram, and although per
fectly willing to discuss other subjects he
courteously refused to give out any* in
formation'at present, as the strictness of
the navy regulations would not permit
It He stated that he had not received
word from the adjutant general on the
subject, and did not know at what hour
he would he visited by mat official to
day When asked whether the coast
would be guarded by a patrol
fleet, he answered that as soon as the
Fearless, now the Iroquois, Active and
Vigilant were ready they would be
manned and officered and be used for
that puroose. He was unable at present
to say whether the Naval Reserve would
be called upon to man these boats or
whether crews and officers would be de
tailed from the Mare Island Navy Yard
or from vessels about the bay. He sug
gested that Adjutant General Barrett or
the head of the local Naval- Reserve
might better be able to givo the infor
mation: as for himself, he could not dis
cuss the subject.
ARMY HEADQUARTERS.
,
General Otis at Work Organ
izing the Manila Ex
pedition.
There axe no'men in San Francisco who
are harder worked ;at , present ; than the
Officers at United States army headquar
ters. They are kept ; busy from early
morning until 10 o'clock | at night In car
rying out the Instructions received ; from
Washington in regard to the fitting , out
of the Manila expedition. ' ■
The first column of this expedition will
bo transported ■on the steamer City ' of
Peking, but at what time is not definitely
known. The steamer was expected to sail
to-day or to-morrow, but, owing to un
avoidable delays and changes of plans,
her departure will probably not take !
place until next Tuesday or Wednesday, j
It was at first intended to crowd about i
2000 troops on board of this steamer, but
as a supply of commissary stores, naval I
repair outfits, etc., is deemed of the ut
most importance to Admiral Dewey's
fleet, the number of bunks has been limit
ed to 1000. The excess is now being torn
out, and the extra space thus afforded la
being filled with supplies.
It has not yet been decided what troops
will go on the Peking, nor is it yet cer
tain who will go in command of this ad
vance guard, although it is intimated that
Brigadier-General Anderson will be
placed In charge.
General Anderson, who has returned j
from Skaguay, is now in Portland, and |
can reach Ran Francisco In time to sail
on the Peking.
General Otl.s has thoroughly Investi
gated the condition of the volunteers who
have arrived here, and is very much
pleased with their physical state. He
found, however, that their equipment is
deficient in several important particulars,
which he has takpn steps to remedy as
promptly as possible. It is a settled fact
that no troops will be sent to the Philip
pines until they are properly equipped In
every respect.
WASHINGTON TROOPS.
Third Battalion Scheduled to
Arrive To-Morrow
Evening.
The Washington volunteers, whose
quarters are in the Fontana warehouse,
are very comfortably located, as the largo
building is well ventilated and supplied
with water, electric lights and other con
veniences. They would not change their
commodious and convenient barracks for
any other quarters in San Francisco, and
they consider themselves very lucky in
getting such good' accommodations. They
will begin to do their own cooking- to-day
on the army field ranges, which have
been suppled to them. Four hours a day
are devoted to drilling, the adjacent
streets and lots and the grounds at Fort
Mason being used for that purpose. The
health of the "Washington men is excel
lent, there being only one out of the 700
that Is in the hospital and he will return
to duty to-morrow.
It is not expected that any portion of
the Washington volunteers will form
part of the first installment of the Manila
expedition, as it will be impossible to
have the men properly equipped. Their
equipments are defective in several impor
tant particulars, and the deficiency must
1 c supplied before they can go to the
front. This is being done very slowly, as
the War Department is overcrowded with
The Third Battalion of the Washington
regiment will arrive here to-morrow
evening on the steamship Puebla, accom
panied by Colonel Jnhn H. Wholly, the
regimental hearkiuartr r? and th« band.
This re-enforcement will complete the
regiment. Colonel Wholly was a lieuten
ant in the regular army, and was for sev
eral years in charge of the recruiting sta
tion 'at Seattle, and for the last three
years he has been military instructor in
the State University of Washington.
Lieutenant Colonel Fife, commanding
the Washington Volunteers, allowed his
men their liberty last night until 10
o'clock, and most of them spent the even
ing in town.
CAMP AT RICHMOND.
Kansas Troops Pitched Their
Sibley Tents by tlectric
Light.
The camp of volunteers at Richmond is
now dividing honors with the Presidio
encampment. Throngs of visitors assem
bled at the Bay District grounds yester
day and cast admiring glances at the
Kansas and Nebraska volunteers.
The Third Battalion of the Nebraska
regiment arrived in camp at 6:30 p. m.,
and at once pitched tents south of the
Nebraska regiment. They found on the
premises an ample supply of wood and
straw. Connection with the water main
had been made before the troops came in;
hence water was handy.
Two battalions of the Twentieth Regi
ment of Kansas Volunteers arrived in
camp at 9:30 o'clock last night. Their
camp was supplied in advance with wood,
water and straw. By electric light the
Kansas volunteers pitched their tents of
the Sibley pattern, and made themselves
comfortable for the night. Four of these
tents are sufficient to shelter a company.
The Kansas boys had supper last even
ing but no provision was made last night
for' breakfast this morning. This little
incident will not disturb the Kansans.
They come from a State where it is
necessary sometimes to "rustle."
It is a sure thing that they will find
something to eat this morning, if there
is anything in the Nebraska camp or the
houses of the neighborhood. It was a
rare thing in the Civil War for a Kansas
regiment to go hungry while passing
through a productive country.
Before the electric lights of the Rich
mond district were turned on last evening
many of the Nebraska boya ran the
guard for a jaunt downtown.
Yesterday a patriotic lady bought a
wagon-load of oranges, and amused her
self by tossing the fruit to the Nebraska
volunteers.
The camp at Richmond will be aug
mented to-day by battalions from Mia
nesota and Colorado. The streets of the
Richmond district are sewered, so that
the drainage is excellent.
FEEDING HUNGRY TROOPS
The Red Cross Society Brings
Cheer to the Weary
Soldiers.
Fourteen hundred weary, hungry bol
diers were fed at the ferry by the Red
Cross Society yesterday, and although
there was a shortag-e of sandwiches,
doughnuts and other edibles, the men who
are going to the front were happy that
they fared so well. This morning, not
long after the break of day, more col
umns of blue will be pouring into the city
from near and far, and in fear that the
fpod supply will again run short the so
ciety that is doing so much good appeals
to the people of this city to con
tribute to the soldiers' larder. Sand
wiches, doughnuts, cakes, in fact any
thing that is wholesome, will be accepted
with the thanks of the committee in
charge. Contributions can be it-t't at the
ferry at any time during the day, but if
it is there as early as 6 o'clock It will do
the most good and will bring the most
cheer. To-morrow again the soldiers will
come in hundreds and they, too, must be
fed. Again contributions are wanted and
all that can be spared. Many' prominent
merchants have donated supplies, and
doubtless to-night will not see one hun
gry soldier beneath the tents at the Pre
sidio grounds.
The life of a soldier is not an easy one,
and it is frequently made the harder by
the lack of luxuries when the boys lie
stricken by disease. All this the society
knows, and eggs by the case and wine
likewise are at the camp grounds, and the
man'- sick are carefully and skillfully at
tended to.
entertainments to augment the coffers
of the society are not decreasing in the
least. A vaudeville entertainment, the
receipts to go ■ > tho society's fund, will
be given by the Verein Oesterreich at the
Chutes on Saturday, May _o>. A good pro
gramme is promised and 'a iarge gather
ing is exported.
Among the most enthusiastic workers of
Alamcda County is Miss t,thel I,angfort
of Golden Gate. Under ncr direction an
entertainment will he given in Klinkner
Hall on June 1. It is but a short distance
from this city to the scene of the enter
tainment and many people from this city
are expected by the fair manager and her
assistants.
Among the contributors to the fund yes
terday were:
■Washington & Moen Manufacturing Com
pany, f&u; Polytechnic High School 'third sub
scription), $32 06; Kern School, Kern County,
$2; Alameda S>:erar Refinery. £>0; Sutro Pri
mary School. $10; Sacramento Sanitary Com
mission, $109: J. C. Wilson, $25; Pope & Tal
bot, $100; Pteln. Simon & Co., $50; John Taylor,
$.->0: "Welch & Co., W; Hujrh CraiK, $10; Rahle
A Watt, $10: BuUer A HoMen, $m- Oorjre Ty
son, $10; John Ro«enf eld's Sons, $25; Parrot t &
NAVIGATORS ARE WARNED.
The following regulations for the navigation of the entrance to San
Diego Bay, Cal., in time of war have been issued:
Submarine mines having: been placed in position in connection with the
defenses of San Diego Bay, the following regulations for the safe naviga
tion of the entrance by friendly vessels, and for the protection of the de
fenses will be established May 25, IS9S:
1 No vessel will he allowed to pass through the channel entrance be
tween the hours of eight <x) p. m. and four (.4) a. m. During this in
terval vessels must not approach within three miles of Ballast Point.
2. l"he light on Ballast Point will be discontinued until further orders.
3! All vessels drawing three feet or less can pass safely through any
part of the channels during the day time.
4. Steam vessels must pass at slow speed through certain portions of
the channel, whirli will bo marked by buoys.
5. No vessel will be allowed to anchor within three (3) miles of Ballast
Point without special authority.
G. Vessels are warned that if they disregard these regulations they will
expose themselves to serious damage, and will be liable to be fired on by
the batteries. By Order of the Secretary of War,
CHARLES E. L. B. DAVIS, Major Corps of Engineers, U. S. A.
The United States Lighthouse Inspector has given the following no
tice:
NOTICE TO MARINERS— PAX DIEGO BAY— CALIFORNIA.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector. Twelfth District,
San Francisco, Cal., May 20. 1898.
Notice is hereby given that owing to the planting of submarine mines In the en
trance to this harbor, and the prohibition of navigation at night, the following-named
Jights and fog signal will be discontinued May 25 until further notice:
Fnllast Point. Rearon No. 2, l.a Playa. Beacon No. 6, Diamond Beacon.
During fogsry weather the bell at Ballast Point will be sounded only between the
hours of 4 a. m. and S p, m. ' '
'this r.ottc- affects the 'List of Llprhts and Fog- Signals, Pacific Coast. IS?,, page
in Nos Xt rK -7. 9SB, 989 and 990, and the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific Coast,
1597," page 12. By order of the Lighthouse Board. CHAS. E. L. B. DAVIS,
Major Corps of Engineers, U. S. A.. Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Co., $25; George D. Dornfn, $10; A. A. Smith,
W; J. J. Smith. $1,0: Page Brothers. FlO; E.
Van Bergen & Co., $10; Syz & Co., $10; Pala
tine Insurance Co., $10; James P. Bailey, $10;
Voss. Conrad & Co., $25; "W. J. Calltngham, $10;
W. P. Thomas, $10; O. Berthan, $10; Bay City
Parlor, N. S. G. \V., $20; San Francisco Sorosia
Club. $600; O'Connor. & Moffatt, firm and em<
ployes, $91. The total receipts up to date are
$17,706.
A CHANCE TO VOLUNTEER
Patriotic Ladies Needed fop
Service To- Day in Receiv
ing Troops.
The Red Cross Society is doing noble
work in providing for the soldiers upon
t;\<-ir arrival, but there is a limit to the
physical endurance of the ladies, and they
are obliged to call for volunteers for duty
at the ferry to-morrow. Yesterday tha
ladles were on duty for twelve hours,
and to-day they will begin at 7 o'clock
and it may be 10 p. m. before they get
through. Therefore, it will be utterly
impossible for them to resume their labors
to-morrow morning. Ladies who will vol-.
unteer for to-murrow will confer a great
favor by notifying the officer of the so
ciety to-day either at headquarters In
the Claus Spreekels building, or at tha
ferry depot.
The society also calls for provisions of
all kinds to bo delivered by 8 a. m. to
day and to-morrow at the ferry depot.
Pies, cakes, sandwiches, boiled eggs, cold
m«-;its and the like for the soldiers are
!,• eded .- 1 n > 1 in large quantities.
Cut flowers for the boys in blue are also
wanted, ami the people across the bay
who come over to the city to-day and
while tin- troops are arriving are urged
to bring flowers and leave them in the
baKß.ige room. A rose or pansy is prized
almost as highly as food by the men.
Many of the soldiers are unfortunate in
losing their hats and arrive at the ferry
bareheaded. The Red Cross Society
would be grateful for contributions of
hats to supply these unfortunates until
they can draw upon the Government
stores.
Sword Presentation.
Charles J. Hogan, first lieutenant of
Company M, First Regiment United
States Volunteers, was yesterday pre
sented with a handsome gold mounted
sword by the members of engine 13, of
which company he was formerly a
member. The presentation speech was
made by District Engineer McKittrick,
and Lieutenant Hogan, although some
what taken aback, responded in a very
neat speech.
"Eemember the Maine," words
and music of the latest patriotic song
in next Sunday's Call.
56
SATURD \y7.~. MAY ai, 1898
j ;HN D. SPRECKELS^Propjiotor
Address fk Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICAT'OrToFPICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1888.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 St«v«ns«n Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO~CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carrier* In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 c«nU • week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cent* ________
THE WEEKLY CALL.^ .-One y««r, by mall. $1.30
OAKLAND OFFICE »« 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Buildln.
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE RlftAa Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFF'CE Marquette Buildln.
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertisln* Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— SS7 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- MT Hayes street, epen until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lar^ln street, epen until 9:30 o'clock
!94l Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 258
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.- '0* Eleventh
street, apen until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, epen
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ono
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
I Baldwin— "ln Old Japan"
Columbia— -The Face In the Moonlight "
California— "Moths "
Alcazar— Mrs. Wlnthrop '
Morocco's— -The Corner Grocery."
Tlvoii— "Ship Ahoy."
Crpheum— Vaudeville.
Aeolian Hall. 26 O'Farrell street— Aeolian Recital, this after-
noon, at 3 d'clock.
Sherman. Clay Hall— Knelsel Quartet, this afternoon, at 3.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Dog Show,
. The Chines -Zoo. Vaudeville, and "Visions of Art."
Olynipla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Sutro Bathe — Swimming,
California Jockey Cub, Oakland— Races this day.
Recreation Park— Baseball to-day.
Courslnr— lnjrleslde Coursing Park.
Coursing— At Union Coursing Park.
hi Campo— Music, dancing, boating, fishing, every Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By D. A. Cur iln— Monday, May 23, Restaurant, at 109 Third
etreet, at ;> o'clock.
& FITTING FAREWELL TO THE BOYS.
IN this city now are thousands who have taken up
arms at the call of their country. Other thousands
are coming. The heart goes to these boys in blue.
The people feel for them more than respect. The sol
diers share the love a patriot nation holds for the flag
above it. They are the visible tokens of the right of
the flag to wave in honor. They have made oath that
to sustain the stars and stripes they will, if need be,
lay down their lives and give themselves to nameless
graves on a distant and alien shore.
Let it not be forgotten that most of these boys are
already far from their homes. Many of them come
fiom quiet farms in Kansas and Nebraska, from the
mines and ranges of Colorado, and the journey to
this city has seemed long to them, has carried them
far from all they love, has set them down among
strangers; friends to the last man and woman, to
the last wee school child, willing friends, but still
strangers.
It would be an excellent plan to attest in some pub
lic manner the regard which thrills San Francisco
when the troops go marching by, or when a glimpse
is had of the tented fields in which they live. This
could not be better done than appointing a day when
there shall be a grand review at which civilians shall
meet the soldiers, speak to them face to face, carry
flowers, and listen to a farewell speech and a god
speed to them from the lips of a civilian orator, 6ome
man who is crowned with the dignity of years, whose
soul is responsive to the impulses of patriotism, who
perhaps has known the baptism of fire.
When the ships start for the dreary voyage to
Manila they should not pass unattended toward the
Golden Gate. Every yacht in the harbor, every tug,
every launch, should be alongside, a voluntary guard
of honor. From each mast fluttering the stars and
stripes, rigging gay with the national colors, decks
crowded with Americans shouting their farewells to
the soldiers, waving their handkerchiefs, cheering —
it would be a convoy which would be remembered
under a tropic sun and lend strength to the young
arm in the hour of peril to come. The tribute would
drive away the deadly yearning for home, and it
would give San Francisco a chance to voice the
emotion of patriotism.
Probably these soldiers, save the Californians. will
not return. It is more likely that they will reach
Washington by Eastern waters for the glad day of
mustering out. Let them be cared for while here as
best we may. Let their last recollection of San Fran
cisco recall to them always a vision of flowers and
friendly faces and clasping hands, the sound of music
and of kindly words.
They come from every direction. But we are one
people. They are all our boys.
Oh, calm and immutable cheek of the "special com
missioner" of Fakedom! Now that driveling dotard
cables as follows: "The Prince of Wales has sent me
word," etc. All the while the Prince probably does
not know of his existence, and probably would not
under any provocation send anything in his direction
but a lackey with orders to kick the fellow out and
then fumigate the royal premises.
One thing having a tendency to prejudice teachers
against the proposed charter is that it injures their in
terests at every point where it touches them. It les
sens the sum set apart for their salaries and it cuts
of! pay during the vacations to which teachers are
now entitled.
Before accepting the news of Spanish successes in
West Indian waters it is well to recall that the news
is sent over wires under the control of Spain. And
Spanish diplomacy is only another name for lying.
To term the Philippine contingent a "relief expedi
tion" for Admiral Dewey is hardly a proper use of the
term. Dewey does not need relief half so badly as do
some of the people he has met.
Admiral Cervera seems to be a man of nerve. Ad
dressing his men recently he said: "You are Span
iards, and that is sufficient in war." And the admiral
had heard from Manila, too.
Of course the news that the Oregon is safe is cheer
ing, but out this way there has all along been an idea
that the Oregon was constructed with a view to tak
ing care of herself.
There are reasons for hoping that Spain may not
rush more troops to the Philippines. Dewey has no
facilities for taking care of prisoners.
Americans are not ready to believe that Sampson
has shot all his ammunition away without hurting
somebody*
WAF^ FINANCIERING.
THE breaking of the blockade by the Spanish fleet
is a revelation of the very serious nature of the
military task in which we are engaged. There
has never been a war that did not exceed first esti
mates in time and cost, and this promises to be no
exception. When the people of the temperate zone
have made war in the torrid zone they have always
iound it to cost them dearly, as England and Holland
and France can testify. We are about to add our ex
perience to theirs, and probably at higher cost.
All of this outlook is an admonition to wisdom in
our financial scheme in the beginning, so that it will
serve without change to the end and be the promoter
of economy Instead of extravagance.. The fiatists in
the Senate are willing to take advantage of the coun
try's necessities for the purpose of exploiting their
theories. The war revenue bill prepared in and
passed by the House is on the right lines. It imposes
war taxes which have served the purpose of every
civilized nation in martial emergencies, and provides
a popular war loan at a low rate of interest to raise
$500,000,000. Senator Jones of Arkansas and others
of the fiat side have antagonized this bill in the Sen
ate. They propose to strike out the bond provision
and, as one of them puts it, "strike out of the bill
taxes on consumption and put them on property."
This is to be one of the campaign cries, alternating
with that against bondholders. Consumption is the use
of property. Any tax on any kind of property is a tax
on the use of that property. Stamp taxes on mort
gages, checks, notas, drafts and bills of exchange are
taxes on the use of property. Senator Jones objects
to an increased tax on beer, but is silent about a tax
on wine. They are both imposed upon property, but
Jones has an idea that the large German vote of the
country will resent a higher tax on beer, and will vote
the Democratic ticket if it is imposed by the Repub
licans. This is about as high as any of the fiat reason
ing on the war revenue bill, and is a low and grovel
ing estimate of the intelligence and patriotism of our
people of German blood. The people were but re
cently represented by the fiat party in Congress as
hot for war. There is no sorcery by which the cost
of the war can be evaded. It is contemptible in any
man in Congress to vote for war and then attempt to
make political capital with the people by misrepresen
tation of the financial measures necessary to carry
it on.
It is evident that the war is to exceed in cost all
estimates heretofore made. By and by there will ap
pear a proposition to recoup the country by holding
captured territory, either for ransom or to collect its
public revenues until our treasury is made whole, but
that is in the distance and does no present good.
The emergencies of to-day must be faced and those of
to-morrow estimated. The fiatists propose to do this
by adding $150,000,000 to the greenback issue. They
demand this without making any preparation for the
redemption of such issue. Added to the greenbacks
now outstanding this will make that form of our pub
lic debt $496,000,000, with no provision for canceling
or funding or paying it. If this fiat plan be adopted
other issues of the same kind will follow, and there is
no power on earth that can prevent the fall of these
greenbacks below par. What then will be done to sus
tain their par?
When this discount happened during the Civil War
the only feasible plan in sight was adopted by provid-
ing for funding the greenbacks in interest-bearing
bonds, as the treasury had no money in which to re
deem them. This expedient probably kept the green
backs from going to a discount of 90 per cent, but it
did not prevent them falling 66 2-3 per cent. At the
latter rate of discount they were converted into inter
est-bearing-bonds to prevent a further fall, but no
more ruinous and burdensome financiering was ever
undertaken. Yet if the fiatists have their way we will
go all over that hard road again. It is highly prob
able that an issue of $500,000,000 in greenbacks will
fall to 50 per cent. The Government will be able to
pay with them only $250,000,000 of the cost of the
war. Then they will have to be funded to prevent
further discount. An issue of $500,000,000 of bonds in
a popular loan at 3 per cent to run twenty years
would be taken at a premium of at least 4 per cent.
It would produce $520,000,000 in gold. The interest
for twenty years less the premium would be $280,000,
000, and the whole burden would amount at maturity
to $780,000,000. An equal issue of greenbacks, finally
funded, would pay only $250,000,000 of the cost of
the war, and, adding discount to interest, would at
twenty years' maturity produce a burden amounting
to $1,050,000,000, or just $270,000,000 more than if the
money were secured by a bond issue in the first in
stance. That the discount on greenbacks will appear
is certain. That it will be limited to 50 per cent is
not certain; but to whatever percentage it appear,
so much will be added to the final burden as compared
with the plan proposed in the House bill.
"PURELY ADMINISTRATIVE."
IN the course of an address at the Mission on Thurs
day evening Mayor Phelan scouted the idea that
there is any occasion to fear the Czar-Mayor
created by the proposed new charter. "The powers
of the Mayor," he is reported as having said, "form
the main poinf of the attack of the opposition to the
charter. He can be neither a Czar nor an autocrat,
no matter how willing he might be. His duties will
be purely administrative, but instead of being a figure
head he will have power to stop corruption and cor
rect abuses."
Nothing could be more specious or misleading than
this. Mayor Phelan knows very well that the duties
of the Mayor under the proposed charter will not be
"purely administrative." He knows also that the
official will have power not only to "stop corruption"
and "correct abuses," but to promote corruption and
create abuses. Probably all the Mayors elected by
the people of this city have had power to promote
corruption and create abuses; but all of them have
been restrained to some extent by the law.
The Mayor of the. new charter is invested with no
restraints whatever. He is given absolute control
of 80 per cent of the patronage of the municipality;
he is authorized to appoint and remove at pleasure
and is even empowered to suspend elected officials;
through the Civil Service Commission, which he ap
points, he may control the patronage of the elective
heads of departments; through the Board of Public
Works, the Fire and Police commissions, the mem
bers of which he appoints and removes at pleasure,
he may direct the political destiny of the municipality;
through the Election Commission, which he also ap
points and removes at pleasure, he may canvass the
votes of the people and declare the result of ballot
box contests.
These are not all his functions, but they are some
of those which are not "purely administrative." While
the proposed charter sets up a rule of action for every
official elected under it. no rule is prescribed for the
Mayor. That potentate is simply elected and turned
loose with unprecedented political powers, unchecked
by legal restraints of any kind or character. It is
ttue.that Mayor Phelan will not exercise the powers
of this Czar until he has been twice re-elected. We
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL., SATURDAY, MAY 21, 1898.
can, therefore, conceive of no reason for his support
ot the proposed charter except that he desires to
fasten upon us a government which will enable the
politicians, by combining for the election of a
Mayor, to loot the city.
RESENTING A WANTON ASSAULT.
THURSDAY the Evening Bulletin made a
strange and vicious assault upon the integrity
of the work turned out by the Union Iron
Works. The assault was strange because the natural
impulse of a local paper would be to sustain the repu
tation of an industry at once a credit and a profit to
San Francisco; vicious because entirely without
grounds, wanton, ridiculous.
Yesterday the Bulletin apologized in a weak and
inadequate way. The apology was as devoid of the
semblance of sincerity as one of the confessions of
Rev. Mr. Brown. It had been forced from the even
ing paper by the employes of the Union Iron Works,
men of brain and muscle who take pride in the high
character of the ships they build, and who have
never constructed for the Government a single ves
sel which has not been above the grade of excellence
named in the specified requirements, a strength and
an ornament to the navy.
To people who follow the fortunes of the navy the
superior quality of the ships built here is familiar.
The list can speak for itself. It includes the Charles
ton, San Francisco. Monterey, Olympia, Oregon,
Wheeling and Marietta. The Charleston was the
first. It has cruised in all waters, has done every ser
vice required of it, and, though launched in 1887. it
is fit to represent the dignity of the navy, to respond
to the call of a Dewey, or to fight. The San Fran
cisco was long the pride of the navy. It is as good as
ever. It was selected to be the flagship of the Euro
pean squadron, and it never visited a foreign port
without exciting open admiration, particularly from
naval men. The Monterey is in our harbor. It is
ton for ton as formidable a fighting machine as ever
rode the waves. Who does not know the glorious
record of the Olympia, flying our colors under com
mand of Dewey through the greatest naval fight
between armored ships? Who has not watched the
progress of the Oregon, that giant, as powerful a
battle-ship as floats, and the Marietta, called to im
portant duty in the time of need?
No wonder the men who made these ships felt in
dignant at the slur cast upon their handiwork. No
wonder they forced the Bulletin to retract, even if it
did so half-heartedly.
THE WEST INDIAN CAMPAIGN.
ADMIRAL DEVVEY'S swift and glorious vic
tory at Manila, while rousing and stimulating
the people, has had two effects upon the popu
lar mind which are not altogether beneficial. In the
first place it has given the public too much contempt
for Spanish prowess and an exaggerated idea of our
cwn superiority. In the second place it has caused a
popular impatience with the comparatively slow pro
ceedings in the West Indies. By reason of this con
tempt for the Spaniard and this impatience with our
cwn authorities there has risen among a certain class
of newspapers a tone of fault-finding criticism against
the administration and the board of strategy.
That the Spaniards are inferior to the men who
compose our armies and man our fleets is true. They
are not, however, a contemptible foe, neither are they
either so weak or so cowardly that we can afford
to prosecute the war against them with inconsiderate
rashness. Over confidence has led many a gallant
army to its ruin, and our own history is not without
striking illustrations of the folly of such a course
even when fighting against undisciplined and almost
unarmed Indians.
The strategy of the campaign in the West Indies
La essentially the same as that employed by Dewey at
Manila. Its object is the destruction of the Spanish
fleet. Differences in the conditions, however, compel
the adoption of different tactics in the West Indian
waters from those which were so successful in the
Philippines. Dewey managed to find the Spanish
fleet in the Orient at a place where it could not escape
him. He had only to go forward and strike. Samp
son has yet to find the Spaniards against whom his
force is directed, but when he has maneuvered them
within striking distance we can count on the ac
complishment by his force of a victory not less bril
liant and not less effective in its results than that with
which Dewey opened the war and destroyed Spanish
power in the Pacific.
Certain of the yellow journals, and in particular the
extreme examples of that kind of journalism— the
New York World and Journal — have been waiting
impatiently for an opportunity to attack the President
so as to make party capital for the Democrats and the
Populists this fall. It has seemed to them that some
thing can be done in that way by denouncing the de
lay in the invasion of Cuba, and accordingly they are
declaring it an evidence of unfitness for command
either through cowardice or lethargy on the part of
the President and his war council. With that motive
they have begun to clamor for an immediate advance
on Havana. Having no responsibility they assume in
their comments on the course of the campaign all the
ardor and genius of Napoleons. They would take
Havana in three days and blow the Spanish fleet off
the seas without waiting to come up with it.
The unwary among the people may be fooled by
such criticism, but the intelligent comprehend very
clearly the difficulties in the way of Commander
Sampson. They have confidence that in due season
he will drive the Spanish from the West Indies and
that in doing so he will not by any folly of rashness
lose the life of a single sailor more than is necessary
to win the victory over a fleet equal to his own in
strength and manned by crews who are capable of
fighting with a fury born of hate and desperation.
Hope has arisen in the savage breast of an Oakland
murderer that he will escape punishment because
some official has mislaid a paper, the contents of
which is known and of which a. copy exists. An es
cape on such grounds would be an insult to justice
and a fairly good pretext for the substitution of lynch
law for the present statute, Lynch law at least has the
merit of not permitting idle technicalities to hamper it.
Better have still more delay than that the transport
6hips should sail without having been properly
equipped. The soldier boys are our friends and the
public would not patiently receive information that
they were to go to Manila in quarters worse than that
given to Chinese.
Let not the boys from Nebraska and Kansas, where
r.o flea abides, be worried by the attentions of the
California variety. It is annoying at times, but it
diverts the mind, stimulates the circulation and makes
possible the luxury of scratching.
It was at Santiago de Cuba that the men of the
Virginius were murdered years ago. In all human
probability enough Spanish blood will be shed there
soon to remind that nation that vengeance, while not
always swift, is tolerably sure. .
PROPOSED TAX ON NEWSPAPERS.
The Call's Reply to a Request Which Was Not Dictated by
Patriotism.
The following self-explanatory dispatch was received by The Call last
night:
CHICAGO, May 20.— T0 Newspaper Publishers: The war tax bill now
pending in the Senate contains a provision putting a tax of one cent on every
package forwarded by express, including- bundles of newspapers. If prompt
action is taken by newspaper publishers telegraphing Senators it will be prac
ticable to secure an exemption of newspaper packages, or at least of all pack
ages containing less than 100 copies. It is suggested that publishers take the
matter up promptly and energetically. CHA RLES W. KNAPP,
President American Newspaper Publishing Association.
Compliments to Mr. Knapp, and what sort of an American paper does he
suppose The Call to be? While there was a prospect of war die papers did
much to promote it. Noh for them to endeavor to sneak out of paying a
share of the expense would be cowardly and unpatriotic. They are engaged in
printing the news of the war and in selling the accounts to the public. They
are even assuming the right to direct the Government. Yet here is more than
an intimation that the publishers of newspapers are so dctestibly selfish, so
lacking in the elements of good citizenship and honor that they would evade a
responsibility when the evasion would savor of treason.
When the country is sending its men to battle, when every nerve is
strained to provide the means of equipment, when the plain duty of every man
is to do his part willingly, and the natural impulse is to do it eagerly, the suppo
sition that publishers of daily papers are a class apart, a set of thrifty vampires
drawing substance from a country they are too mean to defend and too low to
live in, comes with a shock. If Mr. Knapp thinks he is dealing with a lot
of knaves, to undeceive him is a pleasure. He is dealing with men, and men
who are proud of being Americans. Any citizen who is capable now of acting
as Knapp is counseling could do the country no better service than to leave
it. He is a traitor. He might feel at home in Spain.
The Call is willing to pay any tax the Government may impose. It will
pay a cent a bundle or 10 cents. It will leave to legislation the settling of the
limit and make no protest. It will be glad to know that it can contribute.
Any paper t'rtat objects to sharing the common burden is unworthy the sup
port of citizens, untrre to the flag, and the sooner it shall cease publication the
better for the patriotism of the land.
THE WAR AND THE CANAL
Among the many lessons this war Is teaching the American people is that of
the strategic necessity of a canal connecting the Atlantic and Pacific oceans
either at Panama or by the Nicaragua route.
Dealing with a s»cth-rate power like Spain, we have been able to get along
without the battle-ship Oregon during her long passage around Cape Horn; but
it is easily conceivable that we might have needed her— needed her very much,
indeed.
Suppose the fruits of Dewey's great victory in Manila Bay were threatened,
with a canal across the isthmus through which a few strong ships could be sent
it would be possible to make all safe in a short time compared with the delay
incidental to the voyage around the entire continent. And when our fleets are
dependent on coaling stations and practically all the world has proclaimed neu
trality, this means a great deal.
That there must, at no distant day, be a chip canal between the Gulf of
Mexico and the Pacific Ocean, and that the United States must absolutely con
trol this canal, has been clearly shown to the satisfaction of the American
people.— Boston Post.
AN IMPRESSIVE OBJECT LESSON.
The war teaches an impressive object lesson of the necessity to us of the
Nicaragua canal. If the canal had been dvg 1 the Oregon would now be in Ad
miral Sampson's fleet and the Navy Department would not be distracted over
the question whether to send the fleet to meet her or let her take her chances.
The plight of a great nation with no direct water communication between one
half of its sea coast and the other half is liable to become serious in time of
war. — New York Commercial Advertiser.
A DEMONSTRATED NECESSITY.
The war with Spain has demonstrated the necessity for a canal across Cen
tral America. Had the Nicaragua canal been completed, when the Oregon, lying
at San Francisco, was ordered to join Admiral Sampson's fleet in the West Indies
she would have carried out the order in at most one-sixth of the time. As It is,
the Oregon, though she left San Francisco nearly two months ago and has
steamed over 10.000 miles, is still almost as far from her destination as she
would be were she still at San Francisco with the Nicaragua canal open. In
addition to this the nation has been in a constant worry for weeks
for fear that during her lonely cruise she might be attacked by a superior force
of the enemy.
Without a Nicaragua canal the T'nited State* is in need of two navies to
give her proper protection. It is to be hoped tha-t one of the results of our war
with Spain will be an Isthmian canal.— Sacramento Bee.
GIVE AMERICANS A CHANCE.
Will those well-meaning but terribly misguided people who have been oppos
ing the construction of the Nicaragua canal please be kind enough to hold their
yawp and give genuine Americans a chance? With that canal completed it is
but a matter of days between New York and San Francisco, instead of weeks, as
it is now. The Nicaragua canal is a measure that ought to have been pushed
to completion years ago, and would have been had it not been for sham econ
omists and pseudo Americans. — Citrograph.
VALUE MADE OBVIOUS.
The present war makes obvious the necessity for a canal across the Isthmus
of Panama, and will undoubtedly result in its being built. With such a canal
the Oregon would long ago have joined Sampson's fleet, and in case the coast
was threatened by an enemy a strong fleet from the Atlantic could soon reach
our Western shores. This necessity has been fully understood by naval men,
but its importance has not been grasped by the multitude, partly, no doubt, by
reason *of the fart that they have not considered war as a probability. They
understand the strategic importance now, however, and it is safe to predict that
the canal will be built very soon. It should be Duilt: but let us be careful that
we avoid the errors of the past. The Government should not pay for the work
and give the canal to private parties.— Oroville Mercury.
EMPHASIZED BY WAR.
The necessity for the speedy building of the Nicaragua canal Is being
strongly emphasized by war events. For instance, the long voyage of the
Oregon to Atlantic waters, "which should have been accomplished in a fraction
of the time through the canal and the battleship have been with her sister ships
of the North Atlantic squadron. The United States should lose no time in the
construction of the canal, and then should control it for all time.— Chino Valley
Champion.
WILL HASTEN THE CANAL
There Is little doubt that the war with Spain will hasten the building of the
Nicaragua canal. The necessity of that waterway has been so clearly demon
strated of late that opposition to this great undertaking appears to have
melted away. It would not be at all surprising if Congress, before the present
session closes, were to take the necessary steps for having the canal built and
controlled by the United States.— San Diego Union.
The outcome of the present war with Spain will undoubtedly be the sppody
construction of the Nicaragua canal, which will be of great benoflt to the United
States, not only in time of war. but in time of peace also. If this const should
be in danger at any time from fleets on the Asiatic Coast, where Japan.
Russia, England, France and Germany have large forces, we could gain no help
except by ponding vessels around Cape Horn, with more liability nf rapture,
and no chance of coaling under recent regulations of neutrality.— Yreka Journal.
A STRANGE SPECTACLE.
The war With Spain will serve to teach this nation several valuable lessons.
Among them the necessity of a water way connecting the waters of the Carib
bean Sea with the Pacific. The spectacle of the Oregon rushing to the assist
ance of the Atlantic squadron by way of the uttermost parts of the earth, on
forced draft and followed by the anxious thoughts of every American patriot
to find When safely around the Horn, and nearfng Cuban waters, that she Is
needed now on the other side, Is one to move the wily Spaniard to Machiavellan
mirth.— Reno (Nev.) Evening Gazette.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
Major T. H. Barry, U. S. A., is a guest
at the Occidental.
Fred Williams, who Is here from Lon
don, is at the Palace.
W. H. Hartley and wife of Merced are
registered at the Baldwin.
J. A. Whitmore of the Redlands Dally
Record is a guest at the Grand.
H. A. Preston, a prominent citizen of
Jamestown, is staying at the Lick.
B. H. Upham, proprietor of the Glor
lana vineyard, is registered at the Lick.
Oscar K. Davis, special correspondent
of the New York Sun, is staying at the
Grand.
S. P. Porter, the proprietor of the
Baliol mine, ia registered at the Occi
dental.
William Nile*, a breeder of fancy live
stock, is among the arrivals at the Oc
cidental.
Mrs. B. I T . Steinman, with her son and
daughter, registered. at the Palace from
Sacramento.
Benjamin P. Barker, who Is engaged
in the wine industry in Livermore, ia at
the Baldwin.
W. E. Dunn, City Attorney of Loa An
geles, and a prominent politician of that
place, is In the city.
W. P. Mull of Company I, Twentieth
Kansas Volunteer Infantry, is temporar
ily located at the Palace.
Assistant Adjutant General R. L. Pe«ler
of Sacramento signed his name on the
register at the California last night.
j R. H. Tttllley and D. JV. Burchard, at
OUTCOME OF WAR.
torneys respectively of Monterey and San
Jose, will be at the Grand for a few days.
Thomas Fox, postmaster of Sacra
mento, is at the L,ick in company with
his wife, and will be there for several
days.
WOODEN SHIPS
AND
IRON MEN.
s
: . ■ ■ was engaged In
conversation with a party of military men
at the Occidental last night, the topic
under discussion, of course, being the
presept difficulty, between our nation and
Spain. One of : the party • made reference
to the large number of armored war ves
sels which the American Government pos
sesses at : the present time and the fight-
Ing qualities of our naval i heroes. At
this the British: ex-offlcer: became remin
iscent.and said: "I remember the time,,
and it was many years ago, when th<>
United States were not so well equipped
In ,thQ' matter of armored -ships as they
are now. At the timo of which I : speak
the majority of your war vessels were of
the ancient wooden; type. The . British
Government had : already procured ." quite
a number of < iron ■ battle-ships, but : your
Government i was a'; little slow •in follow
ing: ?. the 5 good example. At that period,
which, by the way, was a time of peace,
there were gathered .at ' a foreign port
three or four, of our iron vessels and sev
eral of your wooden ones. One night
minstrel : chow was ; given on ? one of the
American \ ships, and I - along with somt,
brother : officers were ' Invited to the per
formance, i an " lnvitation, gladly ■ ac
cepted. There was considerable talent
among the participants and. needless to
state, the affair was a huge success from
first to last.
"The hit of the evening was made by
an endman, who propounded the ques
tion, 'What's the difference between ths
American navy and the British navy?'
The interlocutor, of course, did not know
and asked, 'what was the difference, etc?'
The comedian replied: "One has wooden
ships and iron men and the other has
iron ships and wooden men." While I
and my associates did not entirely agrea
with all the fine points involved in th»
conundrum, we peacefully joined in ths
hearty laugh which greeted this sally,
and it is pleasant to note that In th«
present day, though you have changed th»
material entering into the construction of
your vessels, the material of your men
has not changed one particle, for they are
still 'iron' men and always will be."
Dr. N. Watts, a physician of promi
nence in Chico, is at the Lick House,
where he will be located for several
weeks.
L. R. and R. J. Prince of Boston, L..
Dargin of Now York and A. V. Love of
Portsmouth, Ohio, are among the arrivals
at the Baldwin.
B. M.rriam, an extensive blanket man
ufacturer of Framingham, Mass., Is reg
istered at the Palace, and is accompa
nied by his wife.
Among the arrivals at the Grand are
Dr. and Mrs. W. B. Woodward of San
Diego, E. ('. Smith, real estate dealer of
Eugene, Oregon, and A. G. Campbell, a
mining man of Fortuna, Cal.
Among those who signed their names
on the Lick House register yesterday
were Superior Judge Stanton L. Carter
of Fresno, George F. Buck, an attorney
of Stockton, and Thomas B. Kay, who
operates a woolen mill in Salem, Oregon.
E. F. Brown, president of the Soldiers*
Home, of Dayton, Ohio, is at the Cali
fornia. He has been studying the sys
tem of running the soldiers' homps in th:3
State, having come from Santa Monica
yesterday, and he will go to Yountvilla
shortly.
Mr. and Mrs. George W. Wurts hava
arrived at the Palace after touring Mex
ico, California and Alaska. Mr. Wurts
has bf»en twenty-nine years in the dip
lomatic service at Madrid, Turin, Flor
ence. Rome and St. Petersburg. Mrs.
Wurts is the sister of Hon. Charles Magne
Towel of Philadelphia, present United
States Minister to Vienna. The . couple
will sail June 20 from Vancouver, B. C,
for Japan, China and India, arriving in
Rome early In the winter, where they;
have had a home for many years.
"Remember the Maine," words
and music of the latest patriotic song
in next Sunday's Call.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS,
PARESIS— R., City. Paresis Is the
medical term for a slight attack of pa
ralysis.
CONVICT LABOR— W.E. A.. City. Con
vict labor is leased in Alabama, Florida,
Georgia, Louisiana, Nebraska and Ten
nessee.
UNIT OF THE ARMY— S. H.J., City.
The unit of the United States army is the
composition of the United States army in
time of peace. ■
MERCHANT-YON BUSKIRK— P..
City. The decision in the contest between
Chris Merchant and Yon Buskirk before
the Olympic Club was in favor of Mer
chant.
MARRIAGE — Subscriber, City. All
marriages contracted without the State
of California which would be valid by the
laws of the country in which the same
were contracted are valid in California.
MAP OF THE UNITED STATES— V.
P. H., Santa Barbara, Cal. By writing
to the United States Geological Survey
you can obtain information of the best
map of the United States, also the cost
of same. -
TELEGRAPH SYSTEM— E.. City. From
computations made for ' the World's Al
manac it appears that the length of the
world's telegraph system in 1897 was 4.908,
823 miles, of which more than half was in
America.
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES— A. S.,
City. Religion does not enter into the
qualifications of persons who aspire to
become President of the United States.
! President McKlnley attends the Metho
dist church. ' . t
GAS DEPOSIT— C. H., City. The State
Legislature has not passed a bill prohib
iting gas companies from demanding a
deposit, but Justice of the Peace Barry
has held that the demand of such a de
posit is without warrant of law.
COLONIAL CONGRESS— B. E. J.H.,
City. In Jameson's Dictionary of United
States History, to be found in the Ref
erence Room of the San Francisco Free
Public Library, is a condensed account of
why the Congresses of the Colonies were
called into existence.
TRAINING SHIP— C. A., Berkeley, Cal.
If you wis* to place a boy on a training
ship In this State you should file an ap
plication at the naval rendezvous, 10 Cal
ifornia street, this city, or with the com
manding officer of the U. S. S. Independ
ence at Mare Island. From either place
you will obtain a circular of Information.
RIFLES— S., Hueneme, Cal. The new
30-caliber rifles are being manufactured
for the United States army. For informa
tion as to whether the War Department
would supply such for a company of
sharp shooters to be organized, and the
cost, etc.. address a communication to
the Ordnance Department, Washington,
D. C.
• ■ m ■ ■ — • .
Townsend's peanut taffy; best in world.*
_ :—: — ■♦ ■ ;—; —
Delicious cream caramels. Townsend's.*
■ _ ; - — ■ ♦ ■ — * :
Soft baby cream, 15c tt». Townsend's.*
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia Glace Fruits; 50c lt>.. In fire-etched
boxes. 627 Market St., Palace Hotel bldg.*
. ♦ ■ •
Special information supplied dally -to
business houses and public men •by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Flemish and old Dutch oaks with ivory
ornaments. Japanese gray, Persian green
and English oaks, seal browns, bone
ebony, natural cherry, mahogany and fine
mat gilts arc exactly suited to good taste
in picture frames. Sanborn, Vail '& Co.
have them all at the most reasonable
prices. _ '-■ . *
William Dean Howells advises you
how to succeed as an author in next
Sunday's Call.
Mark Twain, like Mr. Rarrie and 'one
! or two other novelists, has determined to
go in for writing for the stage, but un
like Mr. Barrie, it is not his own work he
Intends to adapt for theatrical represen
tation, but that of other writers.
• — ■ ♦ « .. — -— — -- . •
An old resident
of this city, who
many years ago
was a naval offi
cer in the ser
vice of the Brit
ish Government,
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated In first
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold, In
cluding berths, meals and trip through the-
Park. Send for circular giving rate and Itiner
ary to T. K. STATELER, General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway. P3S Market et.. S. F.
'"■ : .♦ . — — —
Northern Pacific Railway.
Cut rates to all points East. ~~ Call on T. K.
Stateler, General Agent. 63S Market at., 8. F.
■ ;-, . ...■*. *'...', ■
. Thb charm of peauty ' is beautiful nalr. Secure
It with Parker's Hair Balsam.
'■ Pabkkb's Uingeb Tonic cures Inward pain.
—■ • ■
• DR. Stegekt's AVOOSTUItA Bitters .is , TO/
dorsed by . physicians \ and " chemists ■, for ; purity
Don't be defrauded by accepting a substitute. ,
DRINK 'A" STEEPING OF MOKI TEA BE- "*
fore retiring at ■ night, " and see i how soundly \
you will '<■• sleep ■ and : how Joyously ' you i ; will h •
awake in the morning.'?. It supplies food for the
blood "- while you sleep, i produces ■a • clear , and
beautiful complexion, and cures constipation
and sick headache. At No Percentage Phar
macy.QUARTERS NOT
FIT FOR CATTLE
Serious Overcrowding
on the Peking.
MILITARY MAKE MISTAKES.
DELAY OP MANILA EXPEDITION
BLAMED ON THE ARMY.
All Stores for Transports Have Been
Received Prom Mare Island, but
Little Has Been Placed
Aboard.
A rreat barrier of secrecy has been
drawn around the Pacific Mail dock for
the past few days. The curious sight-
Beer and the eajr<r newsgatherer have
been alike excluded, and It requires
boundless ingenuity to elude the eagle
eyes of the watchers who guard the gate.
There are dock officials and policeman
and soldiers, and no kind of pass yet in
vented will satisfy their requirements.
When once you get on board the ships
you see how marvelously little has been
done toward making the soldiers com
fortable during the long and trying voy
age to Manila. Take the City of Peking.
She is a fine, big, roomy steamer, one of
the most comfortable passenger vessels
of her class afloat. That is, for saloon
people; the steerage doean't count for
much in the eves of money-making
steamship companies. Yet no corpora
tion, however grasping, would expect pas
sengers to accept the accommodation pro
vided for the troops. Even cuttle or
horses would not be shipped under such
conditions. The mortality would be too
awful. Fortunately, soldiers can go on
deck, and it is there that they will have,
to live during the greater part of the
voyage.
The steerage of the City of Peking, n£>w
to become the troop deck, is belew The
saloon deck, and but feebly lighted, by
email ports. These are so near the water
that it will be impossible to keep them
open while the ship, is at sea, and what
little ventilation is provided will have to
come through the hatchways and wind
sails. Above is the saloon, cheerful and
airy, where the officers will have no rea
son to complain of their quarters.
Even the steerage deck, however, could
have been made fairly habitable, had not
some amateur in office, who seems never
to have seen a troop-ship before, con
ceived the Idea that standing bunks were
necessary for the soldiers' existence at
Eea, On board European troop-ships such
a thing is never heard of; experience baa
taught the nations which have long been
in the habit of conveying troops by sea
that hammocks are infinitely mure con
venient and healthier.
The result of this mistake is that a
large force of carpenters have been at
work during the week filling up the troop
deck with a cumbrous mass of wooden
framework. Amidships and on each side
the bunks are erected, leaving only two
narrow passages for the circulation of
light. Ordinarily the steerage deck Is
used for the conveyance of cargro, so it is
very low, yet the carpenters, with an in
genuity worthy of a better cause, have
managed to squeeze three tiers > i bunks
Into this narrow space. Each tier in the
centra] row contains six berths, so that
eighteen full grown men will be com
pelled to Bleep on a space about the size
of a large billiard table. Unless a man is
lucky enough to get an outside bunk he
will have to climb over two or three of his
comrades to reach his sleeping place.
As an ingenious method of getting the
greatest number of men into the least
possible space this system may recom
mend itseif. but it has no other attrac
tions. The condition of these troop decks
when the vessel Kets well into the tropics
will be Bon too awful lo contem
plate. It must be remembered that there
[a do mess deck, no place where the men
can sit and eat tneir meals and enjoy their
leisure. The unlucky soldier who ships
on one of these steamers must either be
in his bunk or on deck; there is absolute
ly no other place for him. It does not
seem to have occurred to the officials who
planned the expedition that a soldier re
quires at lea^t some of the rudiments of
civilized life, a table to eat off and a
bench to sit on. even if they be made but
of plain wood.
No doubt the soldiers will be fully pre
pared to rough it. The discomfort in
volved by these arrangements would not
be such a serious question in tim» of war,
were it not for the sanitary danger in
volved. If an epidemic should break out
on these crowded troop <1> cks it might
rapidly develop Into a national calamity.
Certainly there is a hospital on board,
but it can only accommodate a limited
number of patients, and beyond a certain
point would be quite useless. There is no
way by which the decks can be cleared
and fumigated; it will be Impossible to
remove the bedding and air it, and dis
ease, once it gains an entrance, will have
everything its own way. The only re
deeming feature about the whole affair
Is that the City of Peking has a fine,
roomy upper deck, and most of the men
will find it necessary to sleep up there
during the voyage.
A similar condition of affairs exists on
board the City of Sydney, though per
haps th«* berths are not quite so crowded.
In addition this boat has a covered hur
ricane deck, which will provide shelter
during bad weather. As long as the voy
age is fin«". and the men are enabled to
live in the open, things may go on all
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALL YUKON ■ RIVER POINTS
BY
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COS
STEAMERS.
THE PIONEER LINE,
ESTABLISHED ON THE RIVER 1869.
SIX FAST AND COMMODIOUS RIVER STEAMERS NOW IN SEKVIOK AND ON
the river; six new steamers building in addition and will be ready to run when navlga-
tloI Pase"ngers by our line are assured IMMEDIATE CONNECTION AT ST. MICHAEr.
and other advantages accruing from the fact of our having stations and warehouses >at all
. Important points on the river, having facilities which, as the result of our 30 years' experl-
' ence in the country, far excel anything that can bo offered by others. .,
OUR RIVER FLEET WILL CONSIST OF THE FOLLOWING STEAMERS :
ALICE, HANNAH, SAIDIE, BELLA,
SARAH, VICTORIA, MARGARET, SUSIE,
YUKON, LEAH, LOUISE, • W. H. SEWARD.
They are specially adapted to the trade and fitted with every possible appliance and Im-
p rovement for speed, safety, comfort and the peculiar conditions of the traffic, which our long
connection with the business has given us unequaled opportunities to cope with.
OUR OCEAN FLEET WILL CONSIST OF:
• Steamer ST. PAUL— New Steel Steamer, 2300 tons.
Steamer PORTLAND, Steamer BERTHA, Steamer DORA.
1 The last three vessels are favorably : known to all who have traveled via St. Michael, and
the new St. Paul will be the finest and best appointed vessel on this run.
Sailing Dates from San Francisco About June sth and at Short
Intervals Thereafter.
The advantages we offer are immediate connection at St. Michael and our superior facili-
ties for handling- the traffic. We can start up the river the moment navigation opens. .
OUR BOATS ARE THERE AND READY.
Letters of credit and certificates of deposit issued payable at our stations on the river. In "
connection with WJBLI/5, ... F<*BOO & CO. we have established a parcel expt ess service
reaching all points on the river. The company also maintains stations and does a general
transportation and trading business at all points In Western and Southern Alaska, Including
Copper River. Cooks Inlet, Turnajrain Arm, etc., etc. " •
Steamer Dora, Sitka to Unalaska and way ports, leaving Sitka June 10, for all points In
South, Eastern and Western Alaska.
For rates or further particulars apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
310 Sansome Street,
SAN FRAN CISCO, CAU V
right, but if storms are encountered, di
the ship runs into one of those terribl<
typhoons, so common at this time of tht
year about the Philippines, disastrous,
consequences may be expected.
It would have been much cheaper, as
well as healthier, to have dispensed with
all this useless encumbrance of bunks.
At a nominal cost, each soldier could
have been provided with a hammock, to
sling from hooks on the beams overhead.
Even the rawest landsman soon learns
how to manage these swinging beds, and
as to comfort they are infinitely prefera
ble to a hard mattress in a tixed bunk.
But this is not the main point about a
hammock; its chief advantage Is thai
during the daytime it can be rolled Up
and stowed in the nettings, leaving th< j
troop deck airy and unencumbered. Mess
tables, hanging from above, after the
man-of-war style, should have been pro
vided, and these, with benches, would
have made comfortable living quarters for
the men during the day. It is quite
evident that whoever is responsible for
the work of fitting out these steamers
has taken as his model one of the Klon
dike human cattle carriers, of which some
brilliant examples have lately left this
port.
As to supplying the ship for the voy
age, little or nothing has been done. The
dock is still encumbered with a vast pile
of military stores and provisions, all of
which have yet to be put on board. The
Army Department seems to be hopeless
ly paralyzed by its efforts to send away
this first small detachment of troops.
What will happen if it becomes neces
sary to send thirty, or even fifty thou
sand soldiers to the Philippines Is a ques
tion which may well be referred to Prov
idence for an answer.
The scow schooner Apache brought
down the last of the storea required for
the voyaicc yesterday | and Captain Bing
ham is getting things on board as quick
ly as possible. The bunks for the sol
diers were all finished last night, the
carpenters have deserted the ship, and
the military authorities will make their
inspection to-day.
TROUBLE ON THE OMEGA.
The Barkentine's Crew De-
serted When Grays Har
bor Was Reached.
The barkentine Omega is In trouble at i
Grays Harbor. She left here with a full
crew, but as soon as the vessel reached
port the men left her In a body. It was
impossible to secure another crew at that
point, so the captain telegraphed to Seat
tle but failed there also. He then pent
word to the owners here, and if the men
can be got together they will be sent
north on the steam schooner Signal to- j
day. The chances are' that In order to
get the barkentine back to San Francisco
her owners will have to pay the sailors
union wages.
The new steamer Roanoke is shortly to
go into commission in the St. Michael
run. Dr. E. A. Diggins, one of the very
capable and popular internes at the liar
.bor Receiving Hospital, will go out as \
surgeon on her. While the vessel is lying ,
off the mouth of the Yukon Dr. Diggins
is going to fish for nuggets, and he ex- |
pects to get enough specimens to supply j
his host of friends on the front with one !
each when he returns.
The barkentine Catherine Sudden will !
probably get away Tuesday next with 125 j
gold-hunters for Kotzebue Sound. Be- ,
tween fifty and sixty of her passengers !
are now living aboard and are praying
that the sailing of the vessel may not be I
delayed. The two launches— Nugget and
Mattie Farnsworth— that are going up on
the barkentine had their trial trips yes
terday. Captain Dickey had charge of j
the Xugget and had Fred Howard for his
stoker, while Captain "Si" Mulkey ran
the Mattie Farnsworth, and M. Rogers
looked after the steam. The boats had
an exciting race to Hunters Point and
Mulkey's launch won by a nose. On the
return trip the Xugget win was princi
pally due to the splendid steering of Cap
tain Dickey.
The river steamer Clara Is almost ready
for her journey to the Yukon. Kngines
and supplies are on board and in a few
days the stern wheeler is to be lifted
onto a barge. When all is ready both
barjr* and steamer wili be towed to St. ]
Michael.
Assistant Chief Wharfinger Scott's dog
Count of Monte Cristo has brought his mas
ter fame. The Count distinguished him
self by swimming the bay from Berkeley '
to San Francisco in search of his master, ;
and now he has added fresh laurels to hia
wreath by winning a prize at the dog
show. Yesterday Mr. Scott's lady friends
Inundated him with congratulations. The
Count is a handsome Gordon setter.
The following notice to mariners .has
been Issued by the hydrographie office:
Notice Is hereby given that pending: repairs to
the fog signal machinery at Alcatraz Island,
California, the bell will not be sounded during
fog until further notice. As soon as repairs
are completed— which may require five or six
days — due notice will be given.
Gone to the Dogs.
With the rest of the world. Town Talk
has devoted Itself to the canines this
week and gives dog poems, dog pictures,
dog stories and news of the bench show
In picturesque abundance. There is a
storiette in which figure two men* pome
dogs and a society girl, also a story by
Mary Lambert. The Saunterer talks
about Gavigan, the late Judge Campbell
and other notabilities. There are a por
trait of Krnilie Frances Bauer and the
usual array of fine editorials, grapholqirf
ca! studies, society, musical, literary and
dramatic news. •
Burned With a Red-Hot Poker.
Henry Olsen, a boy 14 years of age, em
ployed at the Pacific Glass Works, swore
to a complaint in Judge Joachlmsen's
court yesterday for the arrest of John
Roberts, a young man also employed at
the works, on a charge of battery. Olsen
stated that Roberts burned his breast
with a hot poker and also struck him on
the face with it.
"Remember the Maine," words
and music of the latest patriotic song
in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 21, 1898.
DARKNESS IS THEIR FRIEND
Under Its Cover Advocates of the Charter Post
Bills and Violate the Law.
T'RIENDS of Mayor Phelan and the new charter. In one last endeavor to
p Inaugurate a reign of one-man power over the people of this city, have
X lately banded themselves together In gangs of midnight raiders and law
breakers. This was not unexpected, but It was hardly thought that they would
commit any forbidden act out under the sky even under the cover of dark
ness, but as It would have greatly Interfered with their plans to have carted
their secret chamber, with its bolted doors, around with them they left it be
hind. Each night sees them at work, and the voting booths recently erected
for the coming election, notwithstanding the fact that the law forbids, are de
faced with gorgeous posters which appeal to the voters to forget their own
interests and manifest the fact that they prefer a monarchy to a republic by
voting for the new charter.
•'Vote for charter. Election May 25, 1898. For good government and home
rule. Indorsed by improvement -clubs. Merchants' Association and labor or
ganizations. Opposed by the combined bosses." So reads the poster, and em
blazoned In the colors of Old Glory It makes an appearance more formidable
than Its influence, as the voters are aware that behind Its beauty and its ap
peal a story of questionable ambition lies.
Ench and every man who has had a hand in the hanging of the posters Is
guilty of crime. The law on the subject cannot be misinterpreted, even by
the immature minds of the law-breakers, as It is too plain. It reads:
"Every person who willfully puts up, affixes, fastens, prints or paints
upon any property belonging to the State or city and county any no
tice or advertisement, or any picture, sign or device without license and
permission, is guilty of a misdemeanor."
Printed in bold type on the election proclamation this section of the law
appears, but right beside it hang the posters of the new charter advocates.
These men, now criminals, who did the work knew that they were violating
the law, but as they read the section doubtless they laughed contemptuously
at those who framed it; at those who regard It, and at those who, angered at
the vandalism, will see that it is obeyed.
Registrar Blggy, when he heard that the law had been violated by the
friends of the charter, was greatly surprised, but not more so than he was
determined that the work of the political tools must cease. "The hanging of
posters on the election booths is In direct violation of the law," he said yes
terday afternoon, "and in the morning I shall report the condition of affairs to
the Election Commission. In the meantime I will have my deputies endeavor
to locate the bill posters, ascertain their names and see that they cease their
law breaking. On the action of the commission my further actions will be
based, and prosecution may follow. Although the law states that bills may
be posted If license ar.d permission is granted, It Is certain that I have not been
consulted by the bill posters or those who put them at their task. Neither has
the Election Commission, and It naturally follows that the bill posting Is
criminal. Under no circumstances would I grant any person, faction or party
a right to hang bills on thtTbooths. My position is undoubtedly a judicial one.
I must see that all parties are Justly dealt with, and an action on my part of
that kind would be undoubtedly unjust and narrow-minded, if not illegal. In
any event, the work shall be stopped, and that already done shall be attended
to."
Auditor Broderick and Mayor Phelan both manifested surprise when they
were informed of the action of the bill posters. Auditor Broderick was in turn
greatly angered that the law should be so flagrantly violated, and promised
that there would be a surprise In store for some clique a very short time after
the commission meets this morning. In the meantime, however, or at l^ast
during the hours of darkness, the skulking, mysterious bands will paste
away, unmindful of the law, uninformed as to its possible effect.
City and County Attorney Creswell stated that he gave no person or
party permission to hang the posters, and that such a practice was contrary to
the orders of the Election Commission. He said: "The Election Commission
has given an order right along that there should be no bill posting done by
anybody on the election houses, and if any such bill posting has been done it
is in violation of the orders of the commission. The commission will meet to
morrow morning, and it appears to me that they will do in this case as they
have done in the past if the matter is brought to their attention— that is, order
\he Registrar to tear down the posters."
RECOGNIZES
NO VACATION
Policemen Hurt on Duty
Must Pay for It.
A QUESTION IS ANSWERED.
CITY EMPLOYES UNDER THE
CHARTEB IN BAD FIX.
Auditor Broderlck Plainly Says That
He Would Befuse to Audit
Demands for Time Lost
in Service.
The following correspondence on the
liability of the city officials and em
ployes under the new charter will be
read with peculia* interest:
SAN FRANCISCO, May 20, IS9B.
Hon. William Broderick, Auditor City
and County of San Francisco, City.— Dear
Sir: I desiro to call your attention to a
communication published in The Call on
May 19, signed by I. Outte, late a
member of the Board of Freeholders. In
the communication In question Mr. Outte
declares that the provisions of section 33,
article 16, of the new charter do not affoct
employes of the Fire, Police and School
departments under the instrument. The
provisions of Baid section are as follows:
"No deputy, clerk or other employe of
the city and county shall be paid for a
greater time than that covered by his
actual service." (Page 145, Charter Pam
phlet.)
Mr. Gutte contends that no deputy,
clerk or other employe working for an
annual salary would be affected by the
section quoted, and he holds that It was
intended to apply and does apply only to
temporary attaches of the municipal gov
ernment.
I also desire- to call your attention to
the provisions of section 6, chapter 2,
article IV of the proposed charter. This
section reads in part as folows:
"No demand shall be allowed by the
Auditor * • • in favor of any officer or
employe for the time he shal have ab
sented himself without legal cause from
the duties of his office during office hours.
The Auditor must always examine on
oath any person receiving a salary from
the city and county touching such ab
sence."
The question I ask you, in view of this
condition of the proposed law, is this:
Would you audit a warant In favor of
any deputy, clerk or other employe of the
city and county for time not actuelly con
sumed in the service of the city? Of
course, I except from this question fire
men who have been disabled in the dis
charge of their duties, as there is a
special provision in the Fire Department
article covering their cases.
As Auditor, the charter makes you re
sponsible on your official bond for passing
illegal demands. Would not a demand
drawn j£ iaver of a deputy, clerk or other
employe for time not actually consumed
In the service of the city b« an illegal
demand?
This question is of neat interest to all
employes of the municipal government.
and for the purpose of resolving whatever
doubt may exist In their minds as to the
probable action of yourself, or any person
who may occupy the position of Auditor
under the proposed charter, I respectfully
request you to return me as soon as pos
sible your answer. Very respectfully
yours, W. 8. L.IOAK K.
SAX FRANCISCO. May 20, 1898.
W. S. L,eake Esq.— Dear Sir: Your
favor of even date is at hand. I have
carefully examined the Quotations
made, and in answer would say that I
believe the Auditor would b»- obliged to ;
refuse the audit of all demands notsus
tained by the provisions of section 33
Of article XVI of the charter, If acting
as auditor under its provisions.
The consolidation act, section 82,
made it the duty of the Auditor to re
fuse to audit -demands of officers who
absented themselves from office during
Office hours, and that he might exam- .
me such officers on oath touching such
absence. The charter has - amended
that section to the extent of adding
the words "or employes" and that th<; i
Auditor "must always" examine on
oath any person touching such ab
sence.
The courts have decided that the
provisions of section 32, as a principle, j
cannot apply to statutory officers—
that salaries to statutory officers go to
the offices filled and not to the detail of
service rendered.
The salaries are based upon the title
to office and not the detail amount of
service. ';'. \ ':■'' ,.'. i
It is quite evident that the intent of
the Board of Freeholders was to appl>
the penalty to all kinds of employes as
well as officers, and while their inten
tion may not affect officers, it may em
ployes. I have no knowledge of any
court decisions on the question of sal
aries to clerks and employes, and
therefore In the absence of such, I am
of the opinion that the Auditor would
be compelled to recognize the provis
ions of section 33 as those to govern
his action and as a clear and definite
expression of the intent of the law
making power. The courts have al
ways held that the Intention of the
Legislature should govern in the exe
cution of all laws (not unconstitution
al or void). I consider demands, except
those of statutory officers, drawn in
conflict with section 33, illegal under
the charter, and the Auditor would b?
liable on his bond should he sign such.
Yours respectfully,
WILLIAM BRODERICK, Auditor.
An Editor Q-oes to Jail.
H. Yakahashi, the Japanese editor who
printed a libelous picture of Miss Dillon.
associate editor of the Chrysanthemum,
was yesterday sentenced by Judge Wai
lace to nine months in the County Jail for
his indescretion.
Weathers Acquitted.
A Jury in Judge ■ Borden's court ac
quitted Charles E. "Weathers yesterday
on the chargeof having murdered Nathan '
Phillips in the f Empire Theater on Ellis
street >a : few months ; ago. <■::"-; ; • i
The "Koh-I-Nqor" copying pencil is
largely taking the place of fountain pens.*
The Desert of Sahara is as large as all
that portion of the United States lying
■west of the Mississippi. i
DROPPED A
POWDER IN
HIS COFFEE
Jos. Hayes Drugged
by a Stranger.
MET HIM ON THE STREET.
! TAKEN TO A LODGING-HOUSE
AND BOBBED.
Chief Lees Notified and Two Detec
tives Are Detailed to Hunt
for the Desperate
Thief.
I Joseph Hayes, living at 109 Grove street.
! complained to the police last night that
I he had been drugged and robbed by a
stranger whom he met on Kearny street.
According to his story he was walking
along the street, and when near Clay ho
was accosted by a middle-aged man who
pretended to have met him some time
ago. After a short conversation the
stranger, after announcing that he hail
just returned from a trip to Dawson City,
Invited him to have dinner with him.
Hayes accepted his offer, and together
they wont to a restaurant on Third street,
where his new found friend claimed that
his brother worked. After partaking of
the meal Hayes became dizzy, as he ex
pressed it, and walked outside. The
stranger followed him, and advised him
to seek medical aid. At his suggestion
Hayes allowed his new found friend to
i take him to a room In a lodging house
at 663 Mission street.
After reaching the room he became un-
I conscious, and remained in that condi
! tlon until the next morning. When he j
i started to dress himself he discovered |
i that the stranger had robbed him of a j
i diamond ring, a silver watch and chain, j
j a gold scarf pin and $12 in money.
Realizing he had been drugged by his
despoiler, Hayes at once visited police
headquarters and reported the matter to
Chief Lees. He claimed that after enter-
Ing the restaurant he noticed the stran
j ger drop some white substance in his
' coffee. H<- asked him what he meant,
| and was told that the "powder" greatly
! improved the beverage.
"We always use it In Dawson," he re
! marked. "Coffee without the powder
would be considered dishwater in the gold
j regions of the north."
A short time after drinking the coffee
! Haves felt sick, and went outside. The
waiter, evidently thinking that he in
'■ tended to "beat" him, asked him to settle
! for the dinner. Just then his "friend"
! produced his purse, and tossing a $20 gold
piece on the counter. Informed the waiter
■ that he would pay the bill. By this time
Hayefl had reached the street, and as he
realized ne was fast losing consciousness
he accepted the offer of the stranger to
■ go to his room.
Hayes describes the man as being about
35 years of age, and had a light mustache.
li. spoke with a slight foreign accent
• which Hayea thinks was assumed.
After listening to the story Chief I.ees
detailed two of his best men to hunt the
robber.
TOO YOUNG FOR WAB.
Privates Mullally and Edward Boy
son Will Be Before Judge De
Haven This Morning.
Mrs. Hilda C. Boyson yesterday applied
: to United States District Judge De Haven
I for a second writ of habeas corpus for
her son Edward M. Boyson, who enlisted
in Company 1 of the First Regiment of
California Volunteers. The young man
was discharged last Thursday on a writ
! of habeas corpus, the evidence being that
|he was only 20 years old. Immediately
1 on leaving the courtroom he was arrested
I First lieutenant Thursday on a writ
iabeas corpus, the evidence being that
was only 2w years old. Immediately
eavlng the courtroom he was arrested
First lieutenant J. J. West on a
charge of having fraudulently enlisted,
and was placed in the guardhouse at the
Presidio. Judge De Haven Issued the writ
I for the purpose of determining whether
the military authorities have Bole juris
diction over the matter. The case will
i v,'. heard in court at 10 o'clock this morn
ing, at which time also the habeas corpus
matter of James Mullally, a too young
private in the same regiment, will be
- 1 -
In the Divorce Courts.
The following divorces -*ere granted by
Judges of the Superior Court yesterday;
Anna Sachs from Alphbnso Saohs, on the
ground of failure to provide; John J.
Powers from his wife, on the ground of
cruelty; Eliza Williams from George J.
Williams, on the ground of willful neg
lect; Anna Fisher from William 11. Fish
er on the ground of failure to provide;
Musette B. O'Brien from Robert O'Brien,
on the ground of desertion. The plaintiff
was allowed to resume her maiden name,
Brandt. Catherine Smith has filed suit
for divorce against William H. Smith.
As a cause of action the plaintiff alleges
failure to provide. ;j.
Burned sienna is really a paint made
from the natural earth found in the
neighborhood of Sienna, Italy. ■:■-•'■.■..•'.■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RELIEF FBOM PAIN.
Women Everywhere Express their
Gratitude to Mrs. Pinkham.
Hrs. T. A. WALDEN, Glb.on, Oa., writes:
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — Before tak-
,ng your medicine, life was a burden
io me. I never 6aw a well day, At
ny monthly period I suffered untold
nisery, and a great deal of the time I
jvas troubled with a severe pain in my
side. Before finishing the first bottle
>f your Vegetable Compound I could
;ell it was doing me good. I continued
ts use, also used the Liver Pills and
Sanative Wash, and have been greatly
lelped- I would like to have you use
ny letter for the benefit of others."
nrs. FLORENCE A. WOLFE. 515 Hulberry
it., Lancaster, Ohio, writes:
•'Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — For two
rears I was troubled with what the
ocal physicians told me was inflamma-
tion of the womb. Every month I suf-
fered terribly- I had taken enough
nedicine from the doctors to cure any-
>ne, but obtained relief for a short
time only. At last I concluded to write
10 you in regard to my case, and can
say that by following your advice I am
aow pefectly well."
nrs. W. R. BATES, natufleld. La., writes t
" Before writing to you I suffered
Ireadfully from painful menstrua-
tion, leucorrhoea aud sore feeling in
ihe lower part of the bowels. Now my
'riends want to know what makes me
ook so well. Ido not hesitate one min-
ite in telling them what has brought
ibout this great change. I cannot
praise Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound enough. It is the greatest
remedy of the age."
ADVERTISEMENTS. . • '. - ■:_■*■_<!■_
To-Day. Saturday.
Fifth Grand Afternoon Concert
: BY :
The Boston Elite Orchestra.
(LEO BRUCK, Conductor.)
/. March, "The Chicago Times-Herald" Cohn
2. Overture, "Tique Dame' 1 - Suppe
3. Morceaux Character istique, "Chatterbox Eilenberg
4. Selection, "A Night in Venice'' 1 Strauss
5. Walti, "Jolly Fellows 11 Vollstedt
6. "Japanese Lantern Danes".... "Bratton •
7. Cornet Solo, "Jisthore" Trottre
8. Selection, "T^igolftto" Verdt
9. WaltT, "tool Nights" Strauss
10. Gavotte, "Ye Good Old Ttmes" -. fungmann
11. "Swedish Wedding Trocession" - Sodermann
/2. (March, "The Stars and Stripes Forever" Sousa
li t America."
osok- * fl Oar filove Department.
>rv y/ ***t<i\iv Aisle 1 Main Entrance.
ff-ffiXSy ! "V "^ e 2 " c ' as P Dollar Glove in newest shades of tan,
I Y\uA/ -/Yl/I^vfc brown, red, green, purple and navy; also white or
I \\\ 1/ fry l/n*2air black. It's a pique walking glove in all sizes, and
1 L °\\ f(v ?st VJ^ every pair warranted, .%'. ■'
\ AOJj^vAJv?j&J» fitted to the hand, and -* < "- :> >'Jr*^ r^ f^
T>mll' iL-k^jy V\sy\> ' ater on cleaned or „ , »' fc^ ; ?^!/SX'V/^N»
Ij**^ \t\%^ J^^ / V ' mended free of charge: ,*• . •. w^^.'.j^ tt-^f
I y&x • $ mended free of charge !
At Halt's. \pi i^^^^T
Fascinating Display of Ribbons. I'mJ^lliff
The finishing touch to a costume — the final e^^lsglriT™* R I
effort of the devotee of fashion — is in the Veiling . w ,i^ * ' /^-
We show swell Veilings, and when we offer Black jlr/li . V/T n
Chenille Dot Veiling, for instance, worth from 30c .7/ ( \ J |(f{|-
to 50c a yard for 25c there's a feminine flutter— '«®C ' '.\/- 'VWii.|J
bound to be to-day till we close at 6 p. m. l^C^k ' ' ' Ji'j^^wli
WEATHER REPORT— CIoudy, with showers '**<Cg^'^
outheasterly changing to fresh westerly wind. Vacation Time Is Coming.
SUPPLIES
|! KLONDIKE
l' should include
: BORDEN'S _ j!
; Peerless Brand
X EVAPORATED CREAM
, ' UNSWEETENED
I ' The high reputation for keeping
i qulity Is already well estab-
'i llshed; hence, no experiment.
; NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY, MAY 21.
-Parquet, any seat, Z:.<-. Balcony, , 10c. Chil-
dren. 10c. any part.
A Great Bill of Rare Attractiveness. PIE-
TRO MARINO, Talented Violinist: MANHAT-
TAN COMEDY FOUR, America's Funniest
Slngins Comedians; JEROME & BELL. Up-to-
Date Comedy: ISABELLA URQUHART. Sup-
ported by WILMER * VINCENT; GEORGE
H FIELDING. MLLE. HAUTHO, BOGART
& 'O'BRIEN, GRUET, BEERK & GRUET and
KERNER'S VISIONS OF ART. New Subjects.
Next Week-EZRA KENDALL,
CARROL JOHNSON and 32 Others.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY and SUNDAY, MAY 21, 22.
72«=ALL=AOE GREYHOUNDS— 72
Grand Total Prizes $810.
Judge, E. J. BULL. Slipper, JAMKB WREN.
CHANGE OF TIME.
Train leaves Third and Townsend Streets—
SATURDAY. 1 p. m. : SUNDAY, 11 a. m.. 12
m Ip. m. and 2 p. m. Valencia Street 3
minutes later. Returning. Leave the Pnrk
Immediately After the Last Course. Sundays
at 4:45 p. m. also. San Mateo Electric Cars
Every 10 Minutes. . ■■
THE KNEISEL QUARTETTE
WILL '.iVE THEIR
LAST CHAMBER CONCERT IN SAN
" - FRANCISCO J
THIS AFTERNOON AT 3'O'CLOCK.
SHERMAN. CLAY HALL,
ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME.
Prices $2 and $1 50.
Sale of seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, Sut-
ter and Kearny ets.
GRAND AEOLIAN RECITAL
GIVEN TO-DAY AT 3 P. M.
AEOLIAN HALL,
KOHLER & CHASE, 26 O'FARRELL ST.
The Wonder of Musical Inventions. Indorsed
by Every Prominent Musician.
The Public Cordially Invited.
- '.ADMISSION FREE:
CHILDREN, ENJOY YOURSELVES
TO-DAY IS SATURDAY— VISIT THE ~
Z.OO AT THE CHUTES.
Pee the • Burial of the "MAINE" SAILORS!
liattleshlp "IOWA" in Action and New Scenes
, by the Anlir.atoscope.
"VISIONS OF ART" AND ATTRACTIONS
GALORE!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
10c to all. Including Zoo, etc. Children, sc.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now - open ■ every Sunday during the : season.
Music. - Dancing. Bowline, : Moating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip, 2Sc; Children, 15c; Including adtnlMloa
to grounds.
• . . —THE BTEAMER UKIAH—
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at JC:SO a. m.. 12:18.
1 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:16 a. m.. 1, 3 and 5 p. m.
OI VMPTA I Corn>r of • Mmob tni ■
Soul-Insplrlng WA,; SCENES. United States
Infantry and Artillery, Spanish Navy -and
Troops, > United States \ Battleships and Torpedo
Boats, Thrilling Havana Scenes by THE BIO-
GRAPH, I the Greatest ' of • Projectoacopes, - and
vi Olio iof Ten Great Special ty Acts. Admis-
sion. Ffea. Matigee every SunUwr« - ; .^
AMUSEMENTS. 1
COLUMBIA THEATER.
THE YEAR'S DRAMATIC TRIUMPH.
The Distinguished Romantic Actor, ROBERT B.
MfINTELU
And. a Select Company, Management of W. M.
HANLEY.
Presenting All This Week, Matinee To-day.
"THE FACE IN THE MOONLIGHT."
Next Week, Last of the Engagement.
Monday and Tuesday— "A Secret Warrant."
Wednesday and Thursday— "M>.ihur-;." '■ Re-
mainder of week— "The Face In the Moonlight."
May 30 — "The New Dominion."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
LAST TWO NIGHTS— MATINEE TO-DAT.
A Perfect Production of Ouida's Romance. •
MOTHS.
Exceptionally Strong Cast— Popular Prices.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY. MAY 23.
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC STAR
SPECIALTY CO.,
Popular Prices. 16c, 25c, Mo
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
BALDWIN THEATER.
LAST TWO MATINEE TO-DAY.
The Great French Pantomiinist.
PILAR MORIN
And her Original Company Presenting
THE ! A DRESDEN SHEPHERDESS (Comedy)
' TRIPLE IN OLD JAPAN (Trag»dy)
81LL... And SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
NEXT TUESDAY— YSAYE.
Dally at 3 (except Saturday) the PASSION
PLAY.
Thursday, May 26— MRS. LEASE, In lecture.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Manager
• THIS EVENING.
LAST TIMES.
The Nautical Farcical Comedy Success,
SHIP AHOY!
T A | lot of Novelties this week.
NEXT WEEK— Positive Novelty,
"THE POSTER"
IT MOVES— BREATHES.
Popular I'rices 25c and 50a
No telephone.
MOROSGD'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morocco Sole Lessee and lUaacir.
Last Week of FRANK LINDON, Who Will
Appear as DADDY NOLAN, In Dan
Sully's Famous Laugh-Pro-
voking Comedy-Drama,
"THE CORNER GROCERY."
"THE FUNNIEST THING THAT EVER
HAPPENED.".
Evening Prices 10c, 25c. 500
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
A T V^f AT A T"> SEATS BY
ALCAZAR. main'sK*?'
MATINEE TO-DAY AT I.
MATINEE TO-PAY AT 2. -..•-..
To-night and Sunday Last Three Times of
YOUNG MRS. WINTHROP.
. MONDAY— MORRISON IN
"YORICK'S LOVE."
Prices 15c, 25c, Ssc, 500
SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB.
SECOND ■ ANNUAL
DOG SHOW!
BENEFIT CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
MAY 18. 19, 20, 21, 1898.
$3500 in Trophies, Cash and Cups
OPEN FROM
10 A. M. to 10 P. M. Dally.
BEE MARTIN'S PERFORMING DOGS. . .
- : -
ADMISSION Wo
CHILDREN -■... ...............250
j RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB- —
Winter Meetlnr 1597-98, Beginning TUESDAY.
May 9, to May SI Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
fiat: OR more RACES EACH day.
; -RACES START AT 2:16 P. M. SHARPS--—
Ferry boats leave San Francisco nt 13 m. and
12-30, 1:00. 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and. 3 p. m... connect-
ing with train • stopping at : the entrance to
I track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
! Returning— Trains leave the tracK at 4:15 and-
4:45 D m.. and immediately after the last rac*.
',-■ > THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pre».
' R. B. MILKOY. Secretary. - ;..\ .-
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
: Open Doily from 7a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c - - --- - CHILDREN Sc
- Bathing."- with admission. 2Sc: children. 20c.
BASEBALL-RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and - Harrison . Street. ' />
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL : LEAGUE, :
- Championship Game To-day at 3n. m. ' ■
SANTA CRUZ vs. SAN FRANCISC<X -'.
j^Oin^aelon, 25c r children, 10c.
78
YACHT CLUBS
READY
FOR REGATTAS
The etormy weather last Saturday kept
many yachts from taking part In the
cruise to Vallejo. set down on the pro
grammes of the Pacific, San Francisco.
Corinthian and California clubs -Alex J.
Young's Clara sailed up ™£
landing on Saturday night and dropped
anchor there; the Corinthian boats Har
poon and Ella, and G. T. S. White s Will
o' the Wisp Of the San Francisco* .spent
the night at Paradise Cove; Aeolus, Tru
ant. Pride, Nixie. Freda, Edna and Ami
go of the Corinthians. Sappho. Embla and
Boyal of the Callfornias, got up to V ai
lejo. At about 1 on Sunday morning a. {
stiff breeze began to blow from the south
and continued for some hours. Several of
the yachts which were lying pretty close
together dragged their anchors and fouled
each other. On the way home there was
a lively ' breeze, causing some of the
8m A a rthur bo Fr^in-s f yawl Bachelor and
A M Clay's sloop Sea Fox started last
week down the Oakland Creek the
intention of cruising the\ a ar ce r JJ oo O w Alter
Kins for the night at the narrow gauge
p.er^ea Fox rin home. The flagship , Bm
lia! with Commodore C. J. Lanc^ter^and
E. N. Walter on board; L. B. bhermana
eloop Royal. Vice Commodore 08. Ed- j
gars sloop Sappho and Harry vv.
Brydges' yawl Hope also set out on the
Vallejo cruise. Royal. Sappho and Em-
Ma reached their destination. Last Sun
day F J Moffitt'S launch Augusta ran
down to West Oakland and towed Miller !
& Ilager's new sloop Occident to the Cal
ifornia Club house She was ' chnstened
on behalf of the club by J. tK "°™ m r
a hour 5 in the afternoon the cruising
yach« Bachelor. Hope. Embla and Royal
came in. Hope reported a wet and rough
trip. She lay behind Point Pinole all Sat
uniay^nigM M Ito
rnrl A. Tarnberg. who baa joined the
California club A- M. Clay has sold his
forme? moorings to L. B. Sherman, owner
of Royal and has bought pome formerly
uled by G. F. Gaither of the sloop L
an On L Wednesday evening there was a
meeting of the directors and regatta com
mittee of the Cauiornias <Wh iss flae
rangements were made lor the class nag
reaatta to be held on May 29. E. A. yon
nd owners are looking for a chance to
and owners are looking for a chance to
haul their craft out on the sp "-.The sec
retary Invites members of all the jacht
clubs to witness the regatta, and an
nounces that the reports given In The
Call and Examiner will bfe considered of
fiC It a is expected that the following yachts
will enter the California Club regatta: E.
F. Sager-s sloop Edna Stevenson^ sloop
Thelma. Vice Commodore G. B. Edgar s
sloop Sappho. E. N. Walter's Embla. nag- |
ship of Commodore C. J. Lancaster; L. A^
Sherman's sloop Royal. C. A. larnbergs
sloop Mist, l'Hommedieu and Delama
ter's sloop Phoenicia, H. Spratt B yawl
Idler. G. turn Suden's sloop Begina Frank
Langstroth's yawl Lupita, H. VV.
Bridge™ yawl Hope. A. R. Wilson's yawl
Pilgrim, H. Franklin's yawl Bachelor,
Jules Hartman's sloop Masco tte. A M.
Clay's sloop Sea Fox and G. F. Gaither s
sloop U and 1. The following launches
will also be on hand: F. J. Mofntt s Au
gusta. Eugene Flanders' Ariel. Prattler s
El Cazadero and J. J. Hani tin Jr.'s Doris, i
The thirteenth annual regatta of the
Corinthian Yacht Club will be held on
Decoration Day. The course will be from
the foot of Taylor street round the Pre
sidio shoal buoy, thence round Blossom
Rock buoy to a stake-boat: thence round
Presidio shoal buoy to starting line. Prize
flags will be offered for yachts of the
following five classes: twenty-foot, twen
ty-five-foot, thirty-foot, thirty-six-foot
and class L
Yachts belonging to the twenty-five-foot
class, after rounding the stake-boat, re- j
turn to the starting line and finish; yachts i
of the twenty-foot class, after rounding
Blossom Bock buoy, return to the start
ing line and finish. The race will begin
at 11:45 a. m., and yachts will be allowed
ten "minutes within which to cross the i
line. The regatta committee consists of I
John H. Hopps, P. J. Martenstein and ]
W. F. Dixey; T. L. Miller being measurer. |
The yachts will be measured, and time
allowances calculated, during this after
noon and to-morrow; owners are request
ed to be on hand, that this work may be |
completed before regatta day.
In class I are Included all yachts having
a racing length of more than thirty-six
feet, viz: Clara, Ella, Nixie. Speedwell.
Lois, Pride. The 36-foot class includes
all yachts of a racing length exceeding
thirty feet, but not exceeding thirty-six
feet: In this class are Harpoon, Emma,
Thelma, Queen, Edna, Thetis, Freda,
Naiad. Arcturus and Wave. In the thir
ty-foot class are Aeolus, Truant, Amigo,
Mlgnon, Secret, Emilie and Halcyon, all
these having a racing length of more than
twenty-five feet, but not exceeding thirty
feet. In the twenty-nve-foot class are \
Phoenicia, Cupid, May, Ceres, Cisne, Mis- j
tral and Merope, all of which exceed
twenty feet, but do not exceed twenty- |
five feet. In the twenty-foot class, con
sisting of boats over fifteen feet racing
length, but not over twenty feet, are
Idler. Venture, Dart, Witch, Phyllis,
Dreadnaught and Kittiwake.
Vice-Commodore G. T. S. White's Will
o* the Wisp, of the San Francisco Yacht
Club, returned to her moorings at Sau-
Balito early last Sunday. The vice-com
modore has lost two of his crew: F. A.
L. Bobarts, formerly of the Bank of
British Columbia, having returned to
England via the Canadian Pacific Rail
way, and Arthur Naylor having bought a
sloop of his own, which he sailed down j
from Benicia last Sunday, reaching Sau
salito on Monday evening. She is not
named yet, but will be enrolled with the
San Franeiscos.
There will be a dance at the house of
the San Francisco Yacht Club this even
ing, under the management of the house
committee, which consists of Port Captain
Dr. A. W. McKenzle, Financial Secretary
W. G. Morrow and Secretary Charles B.
Hill. For the convenience of visitors from
the city a tug will leave Mission street
•wharf at 7:30 p. m., and ' will leave the
clubhouse on the return trip at 11.
The opening entertainment and dance of
the Encinal Yacht Club at Alameda last
Saturday were very successful, in spite
of the bad weather; but the opening
cruise -set down on the programme for
Sunday did not come off. To-day is an
owners' day, and to-morrow la open.
E. A. Wiltsee, whose fine schooner Ag- i
gie was the flagship of the Pacific Yacht
Club, and is also on the roll of the San
Franciscos, has resigned the office of com
modore of the Pacifies. Of the six half
raters built by Engelbrecht for the Pa
cifies last season, only one is at present
In. a seaworthy condition; this whs kept
by R. R. l'Hommedieu in the Oakland
Creek during the -winter.
Now that the San Franciscos have ac
cepted. the advance made by Dr. C. L.
Tisdale. president of the Pacific Interclub
Yacht Association, all the six clubs on the
bay will be represented in the associa
tion. :■-.:•
WILL SWIM AND DIVE
AT SUTRO'S BATHS.
The following aquatic programme has !
been arranged by the managers of Sutro j
Baths for to-morrow afternoon. Accord- j
ing to the very excellent performers
whose names ligure on the natatorial bill |
of fare lovers of swimming and diving
can certainly look forward to a treat:
Entries: f>o-yard race, class D— Arthur Deer-
Ing, unattached: Michael Rice, I. K. C; James
Burns. I. B. C. ; Babe White, unattached; T.
Alexander, C A. S. r.
75-yard handicap race, clupses B, C, D —
Charles Henry. J-\ S. C; Alex Murry. O. S. C. ;
Harry Newman, unattached: O. dough, c. A.
S. O. ; William Uynen, Hawaiian Swimming
Club; D. pahl, I. S. (.:. ; Frank. Sbennan, P. S.
C. ; W. Welsh. Hawaiian Swimming Club.
100-yard race, class B— J. Hanton, I. 8 >
F. Hurnftt, C. A. S. C. ; G. Van Bergan. un
attached; 1). Carroll, 8. F. A. C • Henry
Knapp. P. B. < .; Arthur Watson, P. S. (J. ;
Aruthur Metzger. unattached.
Standing platform gymnastic diving (aerial
special)— All divers will be limited to five tricks
In this contest, which is n«t ojien to novices.
120-yard (hurdle) race— B. Clarkson, unat
tached; Charles Pohelm. unattached; Albert
King, unattached; L. Ottenhelm, unattached;
L. I-acoste, C. A. B. C.
Rigged Out in Stolen Clothes.
Mrs. Cecilia Gaxiola of 412 " Clement
street swore to a complaint in Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday for the ar
rest of Carrie Frances Wright on a
charge of petty larceny. Carrie 'is 16
years of age, and for three weeks has
been employed as a servant by Mrs. Gax
iola. Thursday she took advantage of
Mrs. Gaxiola's absence to put on a com
plete suit of clothing belonging to her
mistress valued at »39 and walk away
with It and $12 which Bhe had got to pay
to a neighbor.
The Field of Sport.
LATEST NEWS
OF THE
NATIONAL GAME
BY JOE CORBETT.
"Dutch" Strleb Is coming around Into
his old form again as a hitter. His re
cord of a week ago was a single, a two
bagger and a three bagger out of four
times up.
The Santa Cruz team has lost two
games straight, and In view of that fact
the "ancient order of hammer throwers,"
which society Is apparently weil repre
sented In the seaside town, is beginning
to weep and wail, and has already In
flicted severe damages on the atmos
phere, but if it were not for these "fa
natics" where would our glorious game
of baseball be? When one considers that
the league has hardly started these cries
of "we have a poor team and cannot win"
are certainly out of place. The "Beach
combers" have lost but two games, and
the town is beginning to kick, and such
kicking Is ill timed. Give the boys a
chance, and always bear In mind that a
team must lose occasionally. The "^each
combers" will lose a few more games ere
c.ie finish, and so will every club in the
league, for that matter, but don't start
in to condemn before the boys have been
given an opportunity to at least get in
playing condition. Manager Tuttle be
lieves he has the "crack" team of the
league. He saya "as stoon as the Beach
combers strike their gait the other teams |
will have to hustle to keep in sight. We
intend breaking the string of victories the
San Franeiscos so proudly stagger un
der next Saturday, and thence to Sac
ramento on Sunday, with the grim de
termination to take some of the polish
off the famous 'Gilt Edges.' " Tuttle
does not jest in matters pertaining to
baseball, so keep your eye on his "salted
almonds"; they will be a hard nut to]
crack from now On.
The Fresno fans are very jubilant over [
the success of their team. They claim :
to have the best bitting, surest rield'ng ;
and fastest team in the State.
"The Pacific Northwest League" prom
ises to make a barrel of trouble for our
"consolidated friends," and if some move
Is not made by the "strategic board"
which will prevent players from jumping
contracts, there is no telling what may ;
happen. Already Manager George Bor- -
chera of the "Portlands" has enticed one i
of the famous "Beachcombers"' to leave
the Kuyety of the seashore, and from all
accounts has opened up negotiations with
the majority of our best players. Man
ager Tuttle writes that Captain Dever
eaux received a very flattering offer from
Mr. Borchers, including expenses, but be
ing assured as good a guarantee by him
he wired Manager Borchers that he
would remain with his "first love." t
"Smiler" Hopkins, "however." has left
and he cannot be blamed for bettering !
himself. There Is only one way to stop
this sort of work, and that is to offer
the same Inducements to players
as does Mr. Borchers. Neither league
is under the National protection and both
would have to take it before players
could be stopped from Jumping their con
tracts.
If the Pacific Coast League should go
under National protection it could Dot
prevent its players from joining an in
dependent organization. And the same
holds goods of the Pacific Northwest
League. If both, however, should take
this protection, then players would be
compelled to remain with the club which
holds their signatures. This business will
cause no end of trouble, especially if play
ers take advantage of it. They cannot
be blamed for accepting an offer which
will bring more money. The managers
should discuss this very important ques
tion at their next meeting.
George McLaughlin of the Athletics has
an arm that any big leaguer would be
proud of.
"Hen" Stultz's playing on the Initial bag
has caused no end of comment among
the players. In two games he has ac- j
cepted thirty-one chances with only one I
i error. Great work. Hen.
Managers Kaplan and Crowley are nego
tiating for the services of an Eastern
catcher by the name of Zekenbach. The
gentleman carries his own "shed" to pro
! tect himself from being killed by "foul
flies." The little joke emanates from
witty Kaplan, whose reputation as a
"joker" has yet to be equaled in the
baseball arena.
The Olympic Cyclers not only ride on
wheels and street cars, but they have a
ball team which has defeated every cy
clers' team in the State except the Bay
City boys, and judging from the article
i of ball these "heavyweights" have been
I putting up ever since they organized it
is no wonder that they have won a stand
ing in the amateur baseball world for
years to come. Out of all tho games in
which they participated, the percentage
| column never changed, they having at
| tamed the highest possible record— looo per
cent. This was brought about only after
hard and faithful service, every member
of the team doing his part. Their only
i regret is the abrupt ending of the league,
j before they were given an opportunity to
meet the Bay City boys, who, however,
arf behind them, having been defeated.
The team from all accounts has dis
banded for the season, but is prepared to
reorganize should any of the cyclers'
teams wish satisfaction. Their pitcher,
Mr. Head, by his clever work and great
batting, has demonstrated that he Is quite
fast enough for the Pacific Coast League,
and should be given a chance.
Following is the line up for to-day's
game:
Santa Cruz. Posjtion. San Fran.
C. Daubenbis — Catctfer Hammond
Balz or
EL Daubenbis.. Pitcher Wheeler
Fitzgerald First base Dunleavy
Arrelanes Second base Eagan
' Devereaux Third base H. Krug
Williams Short stop K. Krug
Strelb Left fidld Hearty
Mclntyre Center field Pyne
McGrath tftight field Stroecker
AMATEUR BOXING
IS NOW BOOMING.
Unless some restrictions are placed on
the members of amateur boxing clubs
that are springing up here and there like
mushrooms in April, this city will be
overrun with scrappers of all sizes,
weights and colors within a few months.
There is scarcely an evening, of the
week now that a boxing entertainment is
not held in some quarter of the city, and
the great wonder is that the boxers have
escaped so far without severe results,
considering that the rings within which
the contests are held are free from pad
ding. .
The authorities who are supposed to
look out f,or the ; safety of life and limb
should certainly insist on boxing club
managers seeing that the floor of a ringon
which fistic contests are held must be
padded with boiler; felt, and not with
sawdust that is "generally used because
it is cheap, before an exhibition is al
lowed to proceed. .
Boxers, and especially tyros, who go in
for hard punching without, paying the
least , attention ;■ to < the ' scientific part of
the game, frequently receive heavy ails t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 21, 1898.
which not infrequently crush th« skull
To avoid accidents of this kind the floor
should be covered with two inches or
padding. It may cost more than saw
dust, but in the end It will be found
pleasantly cheap for all concerned.
As all kinds and manners of boxers are
now seeking notoriety, It would be as well
also that the police authorities insist on
having a physician's certificate pronounc
ing the contestants physically sound.
Many of the young men who participate
in boxing contests are not by any means
sound of body. It Is a surprise to many
thut casualties of a severe nature have
not occurred before now.
The Manhattan Athletic Club ha* an
nounced that it will give a first class en
tertainment on Monday evening at Its
rooms, 1749 Mission street. Fred Muller
states that he is ready and anxious to
meet Lon Agnew or Frank McConnell in
a twenty-round contest, to weigh in at
145 pounds at the ringside, or he will meet
"Spider" Kelly at 135 pounds.
The Excelsior Athletic Club will enter
tain its members on Friday evening next.
The programme is as, follows: Three
round contests between Jimmy La wlor
vs. Billy Otts, Joe Kennedy vs. Joe Ma
her. Joe Kane vs. Jack O'Brien. Kid Par
sons vs. John McMahon, Frank Skruse
vs. Billy Hogan, Jim McDevitt vs. Tom
Devlne.'Jack Lahey vs. Fred Muller and
an eight-round contest between Jim Lee
and Pat Brown for the championship of
the club and a gold medal.
The main event will be an eight-round
contest between Yank Savage and Jimmy
Rlley for a valuable trophy.
The Occidental Handball and Athletic
Club will hold its inaugural entertainment
at 120 Grove street on Tuesday, the 24th
Inst. It will consist of boxing, wrestling
nii.l handball exhibitions. The events of
the evening will be an eight-round bout
between Eugene Mulligan and Jack Gran-
Held and an eight-round bout between
Joe Henderson and Mike Young.
The Health and Police Committee de
cided yesterday to report favorably the
resolution granting the Occidental Ath
letic Club permission to give a boxing ex
hibition between May 20 and 30.
The committee also decided to report
favorably the application of the Manhat
tan Athletic Club for permission to give
an exhibition of boxing between June 6
and 30.
The California Athletic Club petitioned
the board for permission to give monthly
boxing exhibitions at 1108 Golden Gate
avenue, and the committee agreed to re
port the resolution granting the permis
sion with the recommendation that it
pass.
The committee reported adversely the
petition of the Pythian Athletic Club for
permission to give monthly boxing exhi
bitions.
ARIEL ROWING CLUB
NOW IN TRAINING.
The Ariel Rowing Club will hold a re
gatta on Sunday, June 5. under the man
ugement of the following officers: Ref
eree, Joseph Nyland; starter, P. J. En
right; timers, Walter Blake and John
O'Connell; judges, J. D. Batteaux. John
son Hardy, L. Waterman, G. T. McGln
ness and Edward Caveny. The following
are the events and entries: Junior barge
race — Crew 1: Ed Lynch, stroke; F. Loth,
after waist; J. Horton, forward waist; E.
McDonough, bow. Crew 2: Andrew Car
roll, stroke; Dan O'Connell, after waist;
H. Wilson, forward waist; Al Carroll,
bow.
For the junior skiff race there are four
entries: James O'Connell, Charles McAu
llffe, C. Sternberg and Archie Taylor.
For the senior skiff race Frank Wilson,
Jam*-.-s Wilson and Robert Kills have en
tered. 'Die fourth event will be a race
between a pair-oared shell and a single ]
shell; the pair oar will be rowed by D. J. j
Sheehan and H. A. Ples.s, and the single
sculler will be 11. A. Wittkopf. The fifth
event on the programme Is an old timers'
scuiiing rare, open to all, for which Lean
der Stevenson, Kugene Flanders and Wil
liam Gruwney have entered. The last
event is for a four-oared barge race be
tween the senior and junior crews. The
senior crew consists of William Howe,
stroke; R. Kills, after waist; K. McKenna,
forward waist; Joseph liannan, bow. The !
junior crew is thus made up: Charles
Haas, stroke; Jl. llaustein, after waist;
W. Oechsle, forward waist; E. Stetl'ern,
bow.
1-ast Sunday was a quiet day at the
South Knd Boat Club house. A few men
boxed or punched the bag, but no crews
went out. Kmmett ilaydcn, manager of
tlie Xl Campo picnic grounds, says that
he is prepared to submit to the Pacific
Amateur Athletic Association a definite
proposition for a regatta to be held at
Xl Campo in the latter part of June. To
enable the management to offer more sub
stantial Inducements to the oarsmen and
scullers he will suggest that the races
should be held on two successive Sun
days—the outrigger skiff and shell races
on the lirst Sunday and the barge races
on the second. All the rowing clubs are
to be invited to take part in the regatta.
Should such a regatta be held, the South
Knd Rowing Club will endeavor to be
well represented in all the events. It has
plenty of good material to select from
and many members ea^er to take part.
As one of the "midget" crew Is unable to
go Into training the club may be repre
sented by a new senior crew and expects
to be able to get a strong one. The "Irish"
crew will meet all corners in the interme
diate barge race, but the junior crew has
not yet been selected. The South End
Club will also be well represented in the
sculling events.
The Dolphin Swimming and Boating
Club recently passed a resolution to admit
none but American citizens as members.
W. O. Patch and Victor Caglieri have
been going out three times a week In
skiffs, and the latter, being heavy and In
good training, should have a very good
chance of winning the A. B. Treadwell
medal for junior skiffs, which will be
competed for to-morrow. The entries
closed last Sunday and are as follows:
Victor Caglieri, T. J. Hopkins, C. M. Far
rell, T. R. Keenan and J. 1-alb.
There was very little doing at the
Olympic boathouse at Tlburon last Sun
day, but half a dozen rooms are being
painted and put in order for members, so
that from this time forth greater activ
ity may be expected.
The Alameda Boat Club has lost an
other member through the Hlspano-Am
erican conflict, for Samuel Marston has
enlisted as a volunteer.
HANDBALL GAMES
IN RYAN'S COURT.
Handball games will be played to-mor
row at Phil Ryan's court as follows:
J. Leonard and M. Kenny vs. D. O'Brien
and P. Gallagher; M. McLaughlin and M.
McClure vs. J. Dowllng and W. Hamil
ton- J' Collins and E. Curley vs. R. Mur
phy and J. White; D. Rodgers and P.
Ryan vs. M. McNeil and G. McDonald;
R Housmiin und T. Foley vs. E. Barry
arid M Basch; J. Riordan and G. Hutch
inson vs. M. J. Kiljrallon ana P. Don
nelly J- C. Nealon and R. Unehan vs.
T F. Bonnet and A. Hampton.
Mrs. Walter Appointed.
' Mrs. Josephine "Walter, ; widow of the
late Gustav Walter of the Orpheum, was
appointed administratrix of the estate of
her husband by Judge Troutt yesterday,
with a bond of $120,000. to be filed for the
faithful performance of the trust.
« m ■
William Dean Howells advises you
how to succeed as an author in next
Sunday's Call.
RELAY BETWEEN
OLYMPIC
AND RENO RIDERS
The relay team of th« Olympic Club
Wheelmen will leave on a special Pull
man car attached to the S o'clock over
land to-night for Reno. Nev., being billed
to race a team of ten men from the Keno
Wheelmen In a relay race at 52^ miles
to-morrow, each man to ride 5Vi miles.
The event is to take place on a horse
track, and the Olympics expect a hard
rare, but if the higher altitude does not
affect them they will give a good account
of themselves.
PJx-Captaln Herman D. Hadenfeldt Is
the manager of the team, assisted by
Trainer Dent. The Olympic team will
comprise H. D. Bean, K. A. Bozio, K. O.
Kragness, L. H. Smith. E. F. Ross,
George Tantau, George E. Kroetz, J. H.
Ward, J. E. Wing and E. Tucker; O. E.
Bozio substitute.
Stanley, who was a member -of the
Olmpic relay team, will ride for the Renos
in thlß race, as he halls from that city.
Captain Loos, Chester S. Myrick, F.
Alonteulegre. Henry Buss, Harry Cos
griff, Ed Bose and a number of other en
thusiastic Olympians, will accompany the
team on the trip. They expect to get
back early Monday forenoon.
E. A. Bozio will not try for the rive
and ten mile road records to-morrow on
account of hia trip to Reno with the
Olympics.
Wilbur P. Knapp is still in Chicago,
but Is anxious to get bark to California,
according to Jimmy Joyce. Joyce also
met George Strattoii In the Windy City,
and says the ex-road racing chairman
has lost fully twenty-five pounds, and
also pines for his native heath.
In spite of the heavy downpour of rain
last Sunday the Olympic Cyclers held
their outing at Escalles. It might more
properly be called an "Inning," as those
of the members who did make the trip
went minus their wheels, and the games
and entertainment were conducted in
doors. About sixty attended, whereas
fully 200 were expected had the wtather
been fair. The club Intends holding an
other picnic at the same place for those
who missed the Bport last Sunday. The
date will probably be June 19.
The postponed "Old Men's Hun" of the
Reliance Club Wheelmen will be held
to-morrow under the same conditions as
told In last Saturday's Call. There will
be no "hold-over" chicken from last Sun
day, ami every one who attends, is prom
ised a gala time.
H. Austin (Joddard of the Bay City
Wheelmen departed on the Mariposa for
Australia Thursday afternoon, and a
large delegation of his clubmates was
down to the boat to Bee him Off. Tues
day evening previous President Frank H.
Kerrigan gave a dinner party at a down
town rotisserie in honor of Mr. Goddard
and James Joyce Jr. TbOM Dresent were:
H. Austin »;«,'Ul.inl, Janus Joyce Jr.,
Frank 11. Kerrigan, George. P. \\ etmore,
William 11. Toepke, Herbert I». Clark,
David McT. Marshall, Ivan Treadwell
and 11. W. Spaldlng.
Mr. Joyce is still in the city, but ex
pects to go back East in a few lay. I .
A touching scene was enacted in a
promlm-nt local club the other evening,
when H. Austin Goddard and Edwin S.
Battles met for the first time since their
memorable match race over the San Le
andro course two years ago. At that
time it was the event of the month, as
both were known as hardy road riders.
and bringing them together was the
matching of champions. Both belonged
.to the Bay City Wheelmen, and the club
members split in their partisanship, one
half favoring Battles and the other God
dard. A good deal of feeling was en
gendered and considerable sums of money
changed hands on the result. Goddard
won after a hard fought contest, but
Battles, though beaten, was not dis
graced, and he and bis backers sat down
to a banquet thirty strong that night,
not to drown their sorrows, but to show
that they were "easy losers."
After that night Battles and Goddard
kept out of each other's way, and many
thought an enmity for life had been
formed, but not so. Goddard went East
shortly afterward, and returned last week
after eighteen months' absence, passing
through this city en route to Australia.
He visited his club and almost the first
man he met was Battles. "Hello, Ed
die": "Hello, Austin." they greeted each
other, and with a hearty handshake sat
down and for an hour rehashed the old
story of that memorable ride. And
neither would consent to a return match.
The Touring Guide and Road Book of
the California Associated Cycling Clubs
for 189S Is at last out. The highest praise
that can be awarded the efforts of the
compilers Is to say that the book justifies
the long delay. Nothing so elaborate and
complete has ever before been prepared
for the touring wheelman. Jn addition
to tabulated routes and maps covering
the principal traveled roads in the State
and the list of hotels and stopping places
(with the rat^s given C. A. C. C. mem
bers), there Is a mass of general Infor
mation, Including an article on the law
of the road, a digest of the bicycle and
road ordinances In force In the various
counties of the State, an article on tour
ing, containing many valuable hints, and
a full description of the most popular
tours.
The selected tours are arranged with
reference to the time required therefor;
so that a person may select his tour in
accordance with the time at his disposal.
Among the longer tours the Yosemite
Valley tour and the Lake County tour
may be especially mentioned; a full and
complete itinerary Is given for each of
these tours. In the article on touring
there is a short chapter devoted to "first
aid" for injured cyclists, with clear and
explicit directions for the treatment of
wounds, fractures and other Injuries.
The tabulated routes are very ingen
iously arranged and show at a glance
the directions to be taken, distances be
tween points, the total distance from the
starting point, the condition of the road
and post, express and telegraph offices,
as well as railroad and stage stations. .
The book is bound in substantial flexi
ble cloth binding, and is of a size to be
conveniently carried In the pocket. It
is not for sale, but Is given free to every
member of the C. A. C. C.
On May 4 last, Horace Dennie, W. W.
Gray, W. W. Knapp and George Booth,
members of the Tiger Cycle Club of Bos
ton, started from that city awheel for
California. It Is their intention to make
the trip overland via the central route,
and they will try to reduce the existing
record.
Walter C. ("Steve") Brode of the Bay
City Wheelmen is expected back from
China on the 23d Instant on the steamer
China.
The Imperial Cycling Club will have a
run to Coyote Point, San Mateo County,
to-morrow, leaving the club rooms at S:3O
a. m. Friends of members are invitea
and Captain Schneider expects a la'ge
crowd on the ride. H. W. SPALDING.
WHEN WILL THE COAST
STREAMS BE STOCKED?
Anglers regret very much that the lakes
of the Spring Valley "Water Company will
not be thrown open this season.
During the summer months when the
streams are very low and clear the Spring
Valley lakes were the only solace of the
lovers of the rod. who have enjoyed many
pleasant hours in trolling from boats or
•whipping: flies over the crystal water in
the early morning before, old Sol popped
up with his blazen face from behind the
hills on the east side of San Andreas
Lake.
How such of the old army of spooners
as Braunsdorff, Rondeau, Smith,
Dolliver, Banker, Hewson, Andy, Walker.
Brooks, Butler, Benn, Lemmer, Taylor,
Watt, Johnson. Eaton, Precht, Green,
dimming. Finch, Mcßae, Newman, Wil
son, Marcus and many others who are
passionately fond of fishing will miss the
old lakes this year!
The grand open st: ams and rivers of
the mountains are too far distant from
this city to be reached by the fraternity
who can't afford a vacation, and unfortu
nately the coast streams contain only fln
gerllngs, which, although toothsome and
excellent for table use, afford little sport
to the angler who takes a special delight
In hearing the reel "kick up a rumpus"
when a game fish has taken possession at
the end of the line.
This should be a splendid year for
stream stocking, by the way, and It can
\<f said without fear of contradiction
that unless the Fish Commissioners will
give some attention to the creeks which
are within easy reach of this city and
stock them during this summer there
will not be any sport for anglers next
year. The steelheads were unable to
reaoh their spawning grounds last win
ter, owing to extreme low water, conse
quently the annual supply of fry not be
ing in evidence the prospects for the fu
ture are not by any means encouraging.
This forenoon the Fly Casting Club will
hold a contest at Stow I^«.ke, where the
usual smashing of records in long dis
tance casting will doubtless result,
weather permitting. On Tuesday evening.
the 241h inst., the club will hold a busi
ness meeting in Assembly Hall, Mills
building.
CRICKETERS AT THE
GOLDEN GATE.
The opening cricket match *of the sea
son of 1898, Alameda vs. Pacific, began at
Golden Gate ground on Sunday, May 8,
the first Innings being not quite played
out. The first Innings should have been
finished and the second innings played last
Sunday, May 15, but on account of the
rain so few of the cricketers put in an
appearance that it was Impossible to con
tinue the game. The event set down on
the programme of the California Cricket
Association for to-morrow is Married vs.
Single, on the Alameda ground. It Is un
lucky for the Pacifies not to have been
able to finish the match last Sunday, as
they made so good a score in the first
innings that they reasonably felt pretty
certain of winning the first match of the
season.
Until a few weeks ago the highest ag
gregate score in one Innings was 887,
made by Yorkshire against Warwick
shire at Birmingham in May, 1596, four of
the Yorkshire eleven making centuries.
The next highest aggregate scores in one
innings was 843, made by the Australians
against Oxford and Cambridge, Past and
Present, at Portsmouth in August, 18S«;
and 803, made by Non-Smokers against
Smokers at Melbourne In May. 1597. But
these scores have been entirely eclipsed
by that made In a match played at Mel
bourne between the University of Mel
bourne and Kssendon, in which five fcats
nien of the University team scored cen
turies, their agregate score being 889, and
the total score of the eleven 1094. As P^s
sendon scored only 7t> runs, the University
won by an Innings and 1018 runs.
At Singleton, in Victoria, Australia, C.
Maguire recently took all ten wickets for
one run, the result of an overthrow. In
the Becond innings of the same match
Maguire took five wickets with five suc
cessive bulls. There are more than a
dozen instances on record of all ten wick
ets in an innings being taken by one
bowler, and there are five instances 'of
four wickets being taken in four consecu
tive balls; but Maguire's performances
surpass these.
A POSTOFFICE PARTY.
Postmaster Montague Gives an Out
ing on the Bay to the Chief of the
Salary and Allowance Division.
Postmaster Montague yesterday gave an
outing on the bay to George W. Beavers,
chief of the salary and allowance division,
who is paying the postofflces on this coast
an official visit of inspection. Mr. Heav
ers and a select party of invited friends
bf the postmaster went on* board the
custom house launch Golden Gate and
took a delightful trip around the bay.
Among the points of interest visited were
the Union Iron Works, the Golden Gate.
Raccoon Straits. Belvedere, Sausalito, An
gel Island and Alcatraz.
The following ladies and gentlemen were
in the party: Miss F. Atkins, Washing
ton, D. C. ; Miss G. Jeffrey, Washington,
D. C.j Mr. and Mrs. E. Crary, Connecti
cut; Mr. and Mrs. A. Try on, Connecti
cut; Mr. Charles A. Belden, San Fran
cisco; J. W. Erwin, postofflce inspector.
San Francisco; W. W. .Montague, post
master, San Francisco; H. P. Thrall, post
oflice inspector, San Francisco; T. J.
Ford, superintendent of malls, San Fran
cisco postofflce; Samuel Flint, superin
tendent railway mail service, San Fran
cisco; William B. Hamilton, cashier cus
tom house, San Francisco; D. S. Rich
ardson, secretary San Francisco post
office; Miss Marjorle Erwin, Miss Flor
ence Thrall.
This Week's Wasp.
The gathering of the volunteer army Is
naturally the prominent feature of this
week's Wasp's illustrations. A number
of scenes at the Presidio are given, in
cluding one of Major Roe and other offi
cers of the Fourteenth Regiment U. S.
Infantry. Of the cartoon features, the
depletion of the school fund cupboard
and the opening night incident at the dog
show are especially clever. Besides pic
tures of several of the United States na
val vessels, there are pictures of Rear
Admiral Dewey and feampson, and one of
"Kißhting Hob" Evans. The pretensions
of shoddydom is discussed interestingly
by Tabltha Twiggs in "The Old Maid's
Diary." Other features are a "Wife's
Grievance," a short tale without a moral,
by the Story Teller, and an expose of the
tricks to fool the credulous, by the Pro
fessor, in the X-ray column; the weekly
financial review, and the musical and
dramatic criticisms. In the Plain Talks
to Public Characters the Board of School
Directors is severely scored. Honorable
Lawrence Mullrooney tells how our
statesmen rule the nation. The editorials
are vigorous and entertaining, and alto
gether this weeks' Wasp is an especially
clever number of that always up-to-date
weekly.
Mrs. Mahoney's Judgment.
Mrs. Delia Mahoney, who has been su
ing Lucky Baldwin for the amount of a
debt she claimed was due from G. W.
Dexter, Baldwin's manager, was awarded
a judgment of So yesterday by Judge Car
roll. She claimed that Baldwin had made
himself responsible for the amount of the
debt, but Baldwin said he had agreed to
pay but half of it and he had already
paid her $05. This was accepted by the
court and Mrs. Mahoney was given judg
ment for the 55 still due on Baldwin's half
of the debt.
Battered His Father.
Frank Costagalinl of 600 Francisco
street swore to a complaint in Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday for the ar
rest of his son Louis, 17 years of age, on
a charge of battery. Thursday they had
a dispute, when the boy knocked bis fath
er down and beat him badly.
TOURNAMENTS
OF THE
TRAP SHOOTERS
The Olympic Gun Club will burn pow
der at bluerocks to-morrow at Ingleside.
end the South End Gun Club will do like
wise at Colma.
The next and most important features
of the season— that is, so far as trap
shooting Is concerned— will be the annual
meeting of the California Inanimate
Target Association at Ingleside on the j
29th and 30th inst., where the sixth tour- j
nament of the association will be held; j
and the State live-bird tournament, wiiich j
will be held on the same grounds com
mencing on June 3 and ending on June 5.
The gun clubs represented in the asso
ciation of inanimate target-smashers are
the Lincoln, Olympic, Empire, Garden
City, Monterey Wing and Reliance. It is
doubtful If the Reliance Gun Club will
be represented this year by a team from
the City of the Oaks. The San Joaquin
Gun Club, the Stockton Gun Club and its
annex, also the Antioch Gun Club should
have some representation; but it seems
that the once popular sport of smashing j
inanimate targets is fast losing its charm, j
doubtless because of recent years there
have been too many "dead" shots among |
the clubs, who carry away the cream, j
leaving the skim milk to the fairly good
trap. shots, who seldom run up a clean
score.
The representatives of sporting goods
houses should be penalized heavily or
otherwise be not permitted to enter
club shoots or tournaments unless there
be an understanding between the shooter '
and the club that prizes cannot be won
by sportsmen who travel through the j
country in the interest of firms who deal
in sporting ware.
But it would not be altogether sports
manlike to deny them the pleasure of en
tering a club shoot if they desired to join
in it Just for the sport of the thing.
It is said that the L,os Angeles uun Club
will not figure in the coming tournament
because of the treatment it received last
year. One of its members — Leighton —
holds one of the individual trophies,
which he won at Monterey last fall. He
may put in an appearance.
In the live bird shoots purses in all high
gun events will be divided according to
the following schedule: Ten entries or
less, two moneys, viz, 60 and 40 per cent;
eleven to fifteen entries, three moneys,
viz., 50. 30 and 20 per cent; more than hf
teen entries, four moneys, viz., 40, 30, 20
and 10 per cent.
English snipe and quail on toast are
very popular dishes at some of the bon
ton city restaurants. The Game Warden
of this city and county should awake
from his hibernating spell and do. some
thing more serviceable to the country
than bagging $125 per month regularly, j
Of course, there is, unfortunately, no law
covering snipe, consequently the purvey
ors of the toothsome bird cannot be pun-
IsnecL The snipe was omitted from the,
list of game birds by the by no means
Intelligent sportsmen who helped to frame
the game laws. Their contention was
that the snipe did not breed in this State
and should not, therefore, be protected. \
What bosh! The put-their-foot-in-it law- !
makers should have inquired of some I
person who understands something about
game birds if the eanvasback duck is a
home breeder.
SOME METHODS OF
THE YELLOW FAKERS
HOW AN ARTIST BECAME A WAR
CORRESPONDENT.
And How He and His Paper, the Chi
cago Record, Were Imposed
Upon by Treachery.
It was by mere chance that John T.
McCutcheon became a war correspond
ent at Manila. For many years he was
an artist on the Chicago Record, and in
conjunction with Mr. Adee produced
every day two columns of matter en
titled, "Stories of the Street and Town."
The illustrating was of a high grade and
firmly established Mr. McCutcheon's
reputation as an artist. The stories treat
ed of every-day affairs, but were told in
a charmingly attractive style, evidencing
that the author was a man of consider
able literary ability.
About six months ago- McCutcheon ac
cepted from the captain of the McCul
loch, his warm personal friend, an invita
tion to join him in a cruise which his ves
sel had been ordered to make. His de
parture from Chicago was made the oc
casion of a. most kindly farewell demon
stration on the part of his newspaper as
sociates, who hold him In the highest
esteem.
McCutcheon, being a guest on board of
the McCulloch. was an eye-witness of the
naval battle at Manila, and of course he
took advantage of the opportunity to send
a dispatch to his paper. The only other
newspaper man present at the engage
ment was the Herald-Call correspondent,
who was on board the flagship Olympia.
• McCutcheon went with the McCulloch
to Hongkong and there cabled the Chi
cago Record a dlspatcii that was graphic
and realistic, covering every important
phase of the engagement from beginning
to end and devoid of the padding which
has characterized so much of the war
news appearing in the yellow journals.
McCutcheon's cablegram reached Chi
cago Saturday night. Unfortunately the
Record does not publish a Sunday edi
tion. The New York Journal, learning of
the receipt ol this message, asked per
mission to use it, and Victor Lawson,
proprietor of the Record, furnished the
Journal with 500 words, upon the distinct
understanding that the matter was not
to be published until Monday morning, at
which time the Record would be able to
give the dispatch in full to Its own read
ers. The New York Journal violated its
promise, which should have caused no
surprise to those acquainted with the
character and methods of the*yel!"w fa
kers. It published the dispatch Sunday
morning, padded out to several thousand
words, and sent the matter to its twin
sister, the Examiner, signing the name of
McCutcheon to the expanded cablegram,
claiming him as its own correspondent,
and making him responsible for many
things he never said. But more exasper
ating than all else, the New York Jour
nal furnished the padded dispatch to the
Chicago Tribune, a competitor of the
Record.
Who Owns the Cushion and StrapP
The police want an owner for a leather
cushion and hitching strap which were
dropped out of a buggy during a runaway
on Market street a week ago.
Bills of Fare in Fashionable Res-
taurants.
The question has been mooted over and over
again whether the engrafting of French and
German dishes upon the bills of fare of the bet
ter class of American restaurants is or is not
an improvement. Many pretend that before
their Introduction our cooking was coarse, bar
baric. This is an open question, but no bill of
fare presents attractions to the dyspeptic, but
they, like the bilious, malarious and persona
with weak kidneys, can be cured by Hoa tetter's
Stomach Bitters.
A SERIES OF
LADIES'
TOURNAMENTS
The ladies are ruling at the California
Tennis Club at present and the gentlemen
players are resting free from the excite
ment and exertion of tournament con
tests. On Wednesday last the junior
ladies' class met in a doubles tourna
ment. Though the entries were not large
the matches were of unusual interest.
The first match was between Miss Eck
art and Miss Dempsey and Miss Tick
ner and Miss Chesebrough. The score
6-2 does not tell the character of the con
test. Every point was hotly contested,
and the game showed some close playing.
Miss Foster and Miss Middleton drew a
bye and met Miss . Tickner and Miss
Chesebrough In the finals. This match
was the best two out of three sets. The
first set was won in rather easy style by
Miss Tickner and Miss Chesebrough.
They scored six games to their opponents
two. The second game was of a different
kind altogether. At one time it lo ° ked
very much as if Miss Foster and Miss
Middleton would win the set, but the
superior steadiness of the champions
proved efficacious and the second set was
Attached to their credit column with a
score of 8-6. .. _ #
Next week will see the inauguration of
a continuous tournament a , m ° n £ ;; n ~
ladies. The players will be ranked by the
Ix-st judges of form and then the chal
lenging will begin. Each player will have
the right to challenge the player abo\e
her on the list, and in this way the inter
est in the game is sustained, while it is
also productive of many good contests.
This afternoon there will be a general
ladies' tournament, and the entries are
as follows: Miss Hoffman, Miss Mason,
Miss Bowman. Miss A. I'oorman, Miss L.
Farnsworth. Miss E. Redding, Miss M.
Foster Miss B. Drown, Miss F. Curry,
Miss K. Bckart. Miss R. Foster, Miss L.
Mann, Miss E. Clarke, Miss L. Denson,
Miss Tickner, Miss Middloton, Miss E.
Chesebrough, Miss IF. Chesebrough.
On account of the rain last Saturday
the intercKib match between the Ala
meda and Oakland teams did not occur.
This afternoon the teams from the Cali
fornia and the Oakland clubs will cross
rackets on the Oakland courts.
During the week the following inter
esting matches were played: Stauff and
Daly defeated Walter and Root, 6-2, 6-4.
W. McGavin and Stauff defeated Walter
and Root, 7-5, but the tables were turned
in the second set, which went to the
latter, 6-0. N. Eckart and Miss E. Warner
vie re defeated by Misses Bowman and
Foster, 6-4, 3-6, 7-5. Robert X. Whitney
arid Bradshaw defeated George Whitney
and Root three sets to two. Cornell beat
Smith, 4-6, 6-4, 6-2. Yale defeated Wood
bury 6-3 6-4. Miss Hoffman defeated
Miss Mason, 6-1, 3-6, 6-3, 6-4.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
9 Out of the 10 riders who
won the great 100 mil^
Relay Race rode
CLEVELAND
BICYCLES.
W. O. FTXRMAN, th. winner, who circ»M*<
the 'tap. first, rode a
CLEVELAND.
■ F. O. PECK, who made the fastest Mm. «t
tht day for 10 miles, rode a
CLEVELAND.
Experienced Wheelmen who ! want " the " b««% f
ptoycle -for Road Riding or Racing select th*
CLEVELAND.
'98 MODELS SELL FOR
$50, $65 and $75.
A liberal allowance made for old Wheels tq
exchange. ■ '
LEAVITT & BILL,
RETAIL AGENTS,
303 LARKIN ST., S. F.
20 San Pablo Aye., Oakland. .
: WHOL3SALK:
H. A. LOZIER & GO*
804-306 McAllister St.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE ESTABLISHED
AND RELIABLE SPECIALIST.
For the Speedy and Permanent Cure •of' AH
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even In their most aggravated form*.
WRITE If you cannot call.
CONSULTATION FREE and confidential
at office or by letter. A valuable book, "Quid*
to Health." free.
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
757 Market Street. San Francisco, Cal.
STERLING BICYCLES
Are Made to Wear, and You Can Get Them
for All Prices.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.,
404 Battery St.,
Western Agents.
The Helios Automatic Gas Lamps are the
' only safe and perfect lamps on the mar-
ket. Call in and see them. .
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
New Stock ! Torrid Sport !
MAGNIFICENT ENTRY AND MONEY!
SATURDAY, 1 P.M. SUNDAY 11 A. -M.
i '13->^ S^ injection. i. \\ -
ji A PERMANENT CURE i; V
111 1 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea i > '■
i [ : and Gleet,' guaranteed ;in * from 3. to 6 i*i~-
j i days ;no other treatment required. •_«!-,
'•'» - ■:.. . Sold by all druggists. ;v _ •» "
n<wvyyyywvwyyvywwwwwvwMAZO WINNER
OF A STAKE
Takes the Juvenile at
Churchill Downs.
CLOSE OF THE MEETING.
GRIFFIN'S MARTHA II FIRST IN
A HANDICAP.
At St. Louis Abuse Beats a Field of
Sprinters, and Dr. Sheppard
Takes the Measure of
Imp. Skate.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 20.— T0-day
saw the close of one of the most suc
cessful meets ever held at Churchill
Downs.
Four furlongs— Estabrooks won, Mareh
mont second, Minnie Stone third. Time,
:SU«.
Free handicap, six furlongs— Martha II
wnn. Banastar second, Gid Law third.
Time, 1:17.
Five ami one-half furlongs, selling:—
Brightie S won. Dr. Stewart second. Lady
Flight third. Time. 1:11^4
Juvenile stakes, value $1250, flvo fur-
Maso won. Hard Knot second.
Aden third. Time, 1:M&
One rnik-. selling— Eleanor Holmes won,
Kringle second. Oxnard third. Time,
■
ST. LOUIS. May 20.— Weather pleas
ant; track fast.
One mile, selling— St. Rogue won, Protus
second. Confession third. Time, 1:43%.
Five furlongs, selling — Abuse won.
Trombone second, Sligo third. Time. 1:01.
Six furlongs, selling — Sorrow won, Hen
rica second. Denial third.. Time. l:ir
Seven furlongs— Dr. Sh<-ppurd won. Imp.
Skate second, Timemaker third. Time.
1:27*4.
For 2-year-olds, five furlongs— Flying
Bird won. Pirate Judge second, Hitchcock
third. Time. 1:05.
Mile and twenty yards — won, Mon
trdonico second. Farondelle third. Time,
1:44.
NEW YORK. May 20.— The fact that
the net receipts of the day were to go
! Cross Society drew a large
attendance t" the track. The feature
of the day was the Red Cross handi
it a mile and a .sixteenth, which
Previous, with Sloan up. won in a drive,
breaking the track record by two sec
ords.
Six furlongs. Tickler won. Slasher sec
third. Time. 1:13.
Mil : inlander won. Au
tumn second, Dr. Farker third. Time,
Six furlongs. Decanter won. High Hoe
i tre third. Time. I:lP'_..
. trentus won, X Ray
3 m Kins third. Time, 1:30.
!: ■'. Crt ap, one mile and a
■ nth. Previous won, Mont dOr sec
ond. Semper Ego third. Time. 1:47.
Hurdle handicap, one and a half miles,
.'. >r\ Valorous second, Brown
lied third. Time. 2:49\.
BUDD WINS THE CUP.
Clean Score for the Wing Shot Cham-
pionship of America.
KANSAS CITY", May 20.— The Kansas
City Star cup, representing the wing shot
championship of America, was won in the
Missouri shooting tournament to-day by
Charles Budd of Dcs Moines. After the
sixty-five men ■ ' ring for the event had
shot at twenty-live birds there remained
but five *vho hnd clean scores. These
were: Sim GHover of Rochester. N. V. :
T. J. Graham of Rosedale, Mich.; Charles
Kudd of Dcs Moines and C. S. Gottlieb
and J. B. Porter of Kansas City. Mr.
Graham was erroneously reported yester
day as having missed one of the first
twenty-five birds.
When the five cracks stepped up for
the shoot-off a heavy wind was blow
ins. Porter missed his third bird, Gott
lieb his fifth. Graham his twelfth and
Glover his fourteenth. Budd killed fifteen
straight, winning the cup.
His possession of the cup, however, may
be but temporary for, under the rules laid
down by the donor, the trophy Is to be
put up again to-morrow, when the five
marksmen who have at different times
held the cup are to compete for its per
manent ownership. Mr. Budd will have as
opponents T. A. R. Elliott, J. E. Riley,
Fred Gilbert and Sim Glover.
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB - Oakland Track-171st day of tri^
W nter Meeting. Friday, May 20. 1893. Weather cloudy. Track
good.
1086.
FIRST RACE— Three and a half furlongs; selling: maiden
$JOO.
Index.
'eight. !
1052 Horton 110 1 ... [... 13 13 14 Thorpe .......
IP6B Sir man mn ... ... 6h 44 2h Powell
1068 Panta Flora 92 i t 2 2 3h 3h Holmes
1052 Stone I, 108 3 4 3 5% *1i Narvaez^
1063 Funnlah 92l 5 3Vi 2h 5n Butler
5!»l Masno 10717 7% 8 3 •5* Ruiz
... Coieno 99* "..' — 6% 7 2 7 1 "awson
1074 Oralbee '"' 6 8 1 6h 8 4 Miller
1022 Cymona .:..... 100110 11 10 9 3 rripan „ ...
1074 Chllcoot Pass 92!12 12 11 £ 10% "a l "™,^-"
1052 151y ...: ;..... ...106U1 10 9^ 11 4 G. on ----
jo6j_Raclne Murphy .... 92! 9 _ ji; ::: 9 12 12 lMcwi C hoi« ...
Time. 43 Winner. B. C. Holly's eh. c. by El Rayo-Fusllade's Last. Good sta
easily. Second and third driving. _^ - — — — — =
2
10
50
2..
4
20
4
6
30
40
15
30
6-5
10
100
30
8
F.O
7-2
6
40
60
20
40
Won
«rkOT BBCOND RACE— and an eighth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
lUol > purse. $860. • ;
"Index. Hones. Weight. I St. Std. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. jOp. Cl.
1035 . Coda. 5 93] 2 11%
1035 Alvero. 5 90 9 910
1083 Lost <>irl. 4 84 4 3h
1068 The Dragon. 5 83 5 4 1
1072 Charles A, a 93! 3 5 %
857 Joe Terry. 5 99 ! 1 2 h
1066 Soniro. 4 96 8 7 %
1068 Tenacity. 6 90 > 6h
IDS 7 Geo. Palmer. 4 8619 8%
1072 Joe V. ■ --!•■ 4 S9JIO 10
1 1%
9 4
81
2 %
5 2
6h
7 h
4 h
8 %
10
1 1
8 1
2 h
I?
R 1
1%
4 H
9 3
10
2 3
6 3
3 %
1 h
F. 1
7 3
8 %
4 1
9 4
10
2 3 Ins ! Woods
41' 2% Clawson
3 2 3 1 McNlchols ...
1 h 4 2 Miller !
C % 510 __ Powell ....
72" 6 2 jFrawley
1 8 1 ' 7 1 !OarrU?en ... ..
6 % 8 6 Holmes
9 10 9 1 Hal Brown...
10 10 (Basslnger
3 5-2
8 8
4 3
8 12
15 20
2 11-5
20 60
12 20
40 60
U 20
Time, 1:56%. Winner, J. Naglee Burkes b. m. by imp. Cyrug-Rosette. Good start.
first three driving. . ' , ■ _^
|/\OQ THIRD RACE— furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $300.
1070 Tohica 1"» 4
(102S> El Mldo 108 3
(1«16) Excursion 108 1
1043 Ojai 105 5
870 Royal Fan 105| 3
3 %
1 h
2 1%
4 4
6
3 4
1 h
2 H
4 10
5 *
1 4
2 2
3 5
4 6
5
[Clawson .. ...
IPlggOtt
Thorpe
Ruiz
Mr- Nichols ...
1
I
1
I
IE
1
8
6-5
13
20
Time :4S. Winner. S. C. Hildreth's eh. f. by Nomad-Sweet. Good start. Won easily.
I and third <iminij- i \
|f|OC| FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horses. Weight. jSt. %m. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. jOp. Cl.
O07K) Recreation, I 89 2 21* lh 11 12 1% [Wood* 3-5 4-5
103 Klsmore, 3 94 1 In 23 2% 21H 12% (Clawson 3 2
107: Formella 3 85 3 31% 3 3 8 4 3 1 3h Klley ; 15 20
1058 Morlnel 3 ....101 4 8 8 83 B% 4% |Oarr!pran 8 XT,
1069 3osool. 3 »l! 6 4h Bh 52 61 61 McNlchols ... 8 10
1073 polish. 4 10418 6% 41 41 43 610 IFrawley 5 20
1000 Thelma, a 10317 7% 7% 8 7176 IRulz 8 20
1076 PP I_J^_Finnegan....lo6|1 _ J^_Finnegan....lo6| 5 63 6S 71 8 8 | Bennett ...... 20 60
Timp. 1:41%; Winner, Burns & Waterhouse'B b. f. by Morello-Plcnlc. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. ; ..... -
1 r\r\(\ FIFTH RACE— and an eighth miles; celling; four-year-olds and upward;
lUc/U» purse, $350. ' ' -■■
Index. Horses. Weight. ISt. Std. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. jOp. Cl.
1047 Wheel of Fortune, 6 97J 3
i(-y del Tierra, 4... 89 6
I 77 liapido. a I
1077 F-Ttuna, 6 88! 5
:;iudlus, a M 2
: i soero, 5 ■ ■ • • 961 4
8%
5h
2 h
1 1
4 h
C
4 h
r, 2
3 h
1 1
6
2 1
4 h
Sl*
54
In
6
2 h
8 2
4 1
6 %
1 1
6
2 %
1%
4 3
6 1
2 h
6
3 n
1 1 Clawson
2 1 Klley .:
3 % Ruiz i
4 6 Woods
5 2 Holmes .......:
6 I. Powell ....
Kile
Rul;
WfK
Holi
I T
wson 4-5
ey .: 4
Iz 15
■ods ........ ?4
Imes ....... 15
Powell 13
1
8-1
30
4
40
7."
Time 1:56. "Winner. Joseph Harvey's eh. m. by
first thr.'.- '1 riving.
B.
Good start.
Woo
|_~|Q| SIXTH RACE— furlongs; selling;
Index. Horsed Weight. (St. %m. %m. %n
; purse, $350.
i. jdp. a.
1019 Bellicoso. 6 100 j
(10S5) Shasta Water, *.... 95
(1067) Zamar 11. 4 ■ w_J
1035 Imp. loner. 8... 92
lOCo San Mateo, 4 .......105
1073 Sport McAllister. 6. 108
I 1061 Mike Rice, 6........101 1
MO7B -.Sea Spray, 6.. 99
1078 Pelxotto. 5 ..V.1061
(1079) Carbineer, 3 ........ 881
1079 : Kitty Blake, 3 831
s
6
i 3
1
I 9
! 2
11
I 8
|10
« 2 1
6 1-
4 3
6 1%
■ 1 h
3 n
« 2
7 1
0 h
10 2
11
2 1
6 1
■ 4 3
6 1
1 h
3 %
7 3
8 1
10 2
9%
11 ,
11
5 3
4 1 -
7 %
2 %
3 h
6 3
- 8 3
9 4
11
10 4 ' .
.— .
11% Clawnon
2 h Woods ........
3 3 Miller ..:....-.
. 4 1 H01me5'.......
6 3 O. Wilson ...
6 3 Mar kiln ......
7 3 ■ Narvaez ....;.
8 1 Ruiz ..........
910 Mooney .......
10 % McNlchols ...
. 11 Hal Brown ..
8-5 3-2
r 3 v<3
6 5
10 ' 12
4 7
15 20
40 75
30 20
12 15
60 100
'60 200
Time, 1:29^4. Winner. J. Na^lee Burkes b. h. by Peel-Imp. Janet N. Bad start. Won
*Ii out. Second and third driving.
NO END TO
FAVORITES
Joe Terry the One Beaten
Cheice at Oakland.
HORTON A SPEEDY COLT.
CODA AWARDED A DOUBTFUL
DECISION OVEB ALVESO.
Wheel of Fortune Ahead of Bey de
Tierra at the Wire — Toluca
Too Fast for Her
Company.
One lonely outsider In the betting, Al
vero, endeavored to poke his nose past
the wire In front at Oakland yesterday,
but a questionable decision knocked him
out of the purse. Every other race of the
afternoon was captured by a first choice
in the betting. This one in question was
awarded to J. Naglee Burke' Coda, a
heavily backed second choice. The track
was In good condition and the attendance
large.
By Holly turned a very warm maiden
in Ilorton loose In the opening three and
I a half furlong scramble, with a field of
twelve youngsters lining up at the bar
rier. He was sent to the post a 6 to 6 fa
vorite, with Thorpe In the saddle, and
won as he pleased. In a hard drive the
10 to 1 shot. Sir Urian. took the place
from Santa Flora, a rank 100 to 1 out
sider.
If there is an ounce of the gray matter
encased in the skull of Jockey Frawley,
who rode the 11 to 5 favorite, Joe Terry,
in the mile and a furlong selling affair, he
failed to give evidence to that fact. Get
ting away from the post well, he allowed
his mount to fall back in the bunch and
stayed there. Below the paddock Miller,
astride The Dragon, had the race won,
but grew rattled and tossed it away.
Clawson on the 10 to 1 shot, Alvero, came
with a rush the last thirty yards nd to
all appearances won by a long neck but
Coda was given the decision. The show
fell to Lost Girl.
The Burns & Waterhouse colt Excur
sion was extensively supported at the
short price of 6 to 5 to beat the speedy
Toluoa in the four furlong spin for two
vear-olds, and not only failed to accom
plish the trick, but was beaten for the
show by El Mido. Toluca assumed the
lead below the paddock, and led her com
1 "Filtered at Tight Valuation in the mile
run decided under selling conditions,
Recreation was a short favorite and
leading Elsmore from the start hit the
wire half a length ahead of Honig's .horse
in 1-41% Formella handled her light im
post to good advantage, getting the show
from Morlnel by the shortest of heads.
Notwithstanding the rumors that the
Wheel of Fortune had thrown a splint,
was lame, and all that sort of paddock
bosh the mare pulled off the mile and a
furlong •"•■llirg event, fifth on the card, in
Sever" fashion. 'Perhaps if little Kiley
could have given Rev del Tlerra a more
fashionable ride the result might have
been different, for he certainly was a
good horse with the weight up. The bulk
of the money went in on the latter, which
was played down in the ring from fours
to 8 to "5. At one time during the pro
ceedings it looked as if Fortuna might
fand but after showing the way until a
furlong from the wire, she cashed in. The
Wheel then took up the running, and,
ridden out downed Rev del Tlerra a
length. Rapldo. at lengthy odds, grabbed j
,1,,, chow from E Sfn^nt BelHco- into
The educated coin sent Belllcoeo Into ;
Ferguson's hands a prime choice in the
concluding seven-ftttlong tour and after
racing San Mateo to a standstill the big
primer experienced little difficulty in
winning cleverly from Shasta ?**<"■
Miller, on Zamax, aroused himself when
It waW all over and got the show with the
Honig entry. ' m
TRACK NOTES.
With Contra Costa Tunnel Day the long |
•ieere of -aolng will be brought to a close ;
at Oakland track this afternoon. Seven
events are flown for decision, including j
■imong them the Darktown Derby, for;
.bony hued riders. The occasion is gen- j
t.rall v termed getaway day. and it would
TILIS SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 21, 1898.
not be surprising if several good things
were unloaded.
The big June meeting at Denver Is at
tracting some of the best horses now rac
ing here. Fred Edwards has decided to
have a try for Colorado gold with the
flying filly Magdalenes, the speediest piece
of two-year-old racing furniture in Cali
fornia, the handy filly Lady Ashley and
the good mare Etta H.
By Holly's good coit Horton narrowly
escaped being cut down as Thorpe was
pulling up after the finish. He was
jumped on by Santa Flora, the latter fall
ing to her knees, but forunately escaped
without a scratch.
Clawson and Woods were the people
yesterday. The former rode three win
ners, and "Dugan" got home in front on
two occasions.
What a grand thing these "cheap, end
of the meeting" purses are for the hun
gry-looking poor owners. A glance at the
names of the owners of the winning
horses yesterday will show at a glance
that not one of them has an Idea where
he 1» going to get his next meal. Not all
of the Eastern horsemen went Into ec
staeies over the "Corriganesque" features
introduced into the game during the sea
son about to close, and they may not
come hr.ck again. Some of these owners
unfortunate enough not to have a "pull 11
may be in demand a. year or so from
now.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Five and a half furlongs; three
year olds: selling.
1051 Amasa 971 1076 Tiny P 97
1056 Negligence ....106 (1075)Caatake 87
10S4 Lady Ashley... 95 j 10S9 P. A. FlnniganlOO
1084 Mster Mariner. 106 : .... Louise B 95
1069 Towanda.. 95 1043 Tempse 95
10S4 El Moro 100 1 1079 Oahu 95
1076 Saticoy 100 1069 Miss Dividend. 95
1069 Saucy Eyes 95 1
Second race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling.
1033 St. Kristine 87 i (1074)Magdalenes ...101
1074 La Parasseuse. 92 (1082) The Fret ter.... 107
1074 E. Come 95 10S6 Stone L 87
1057 Jennie Reid 93 i 1088 OJal 98
(106S)Ob8ldlan 104 j 748 Dunpraiae 99
1081 Key Hooker.... 93 1 10S6 Sir Urian 96
Third race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds.
1072 Emma Rey....100| 10S4 Loo Prietoa ...107
; 1076 Charlotte M....100 1058 Duke York 11.. 108
1084 Mistleton 108 746 Tenrlca 105
10S9 Elsmore 110 1078 Magnus 102
(1084)Flandea 11l I
Fourth race— miles; four-year-olds and
up; selling.
1077 Fort Augustus. 93 10SO Rebekah 93
1087 Alvero 101 1 1083 San Marco ....108
(1047) Argentina 107 (1077)Devirs Dream.los
1090 Wheel Fortuneloß 1090 Masoero 101
1087 Tenacity 101 1077 Veloz 95
1083 Earl Cochran..los (1071)Mercutlo 110
Fifth Contra Costa Tunnel handicap:
one and an eighth miles; three-year-olds and
1059 Grady 108 ; 1083 Morelllto 106
1059 Im. Mistral 11.103, 10C3 San Venado ...103
(10S3)Buckwa 118 i 1078 La Goleta 97
1077 Cromwell 1031 10S4 Los Prletos ... 94
1029 Candelarla 105| '
Sixth race — Three-quarters of a mile; sell
ing.
1050 Don Gara 1091 1053 San Venado ...110
Oo3B)Midas 119 1073 Fig Leaf 102
1091 Kitty Blake ... 95, 1091 Plexotto 121
<1043)M153 Rowena .105' 1091 San Mateo ....122
1012 Rosormonde ...105l(1053)Hurly 8ur1y.. .105
1051 Bitter Root ...110 1040 Sly 117
1050 Trappean 119 1050 P. F 104
1085 Howard 11l
Seventh — One mile; Darktown Derby.
*10C2 Mahogany 151 Captain Jackson.
Major B Whitney. 1087 The Dragon ...154
1060 Monlta 151 Lieut. Simpson.
Private Heck. j 1077 Zarro 151
1072 Loch Ness 150 Corp. Washington.
Col. M. Johnson. 1077 William OB ..154
1030 Rapido .'..151 Colonel Treadwell.
Sergeant Razor Pete 1080 St. Distaff ....147
1077 Metalro 151 Captain Slaughter.
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Ltu3y Ashley, Sattcoy. Tiny P.
Second race— Magdalenes, Th« Fretter, Rey
Hooker.
Third race — Los Prletos, Mlstleton, Flandea.
Fourth race— Wheel of Fortune, Arg-entlna,
Earl Cochran.
Fifth race — Candelaria, Morelllto, Buckwa.
Sixth race — Miss Rowena, Hurley Burley,
San Venado,
Seventh race— William 08, Metaire, Rapldo.
BOSTON'S BEAN-EATERS
WIN FROM THE REDS.
Break In Cincinnati's Long Winning
Streak — Cleveland and Bal
timore Lose.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
W.l«. Pctl W.L. Pet
Cincinnati .. 18 5 .782| Chicago .... 11 12 .478
Cleveland ...16 8 .66fi. Pittsburg ...13 14 .482
Baltimore ..13 8 .619 ' Brooklyn ... 911 450
Boston 16 10 .615, St. Louis.... 7 16 .304
New York... 14 9 .600 : Louisville .. 719 269
Philadelphia 10 10 .600 : Washington 617 2CI
CINCINNATI, May 20.-The Reds lost
to Boston to-day because they could not
hit opportunely. Three line drives re
tired the Rede in the ninth. Attendance
3100. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 6 1
Boston 5 10 1
Batteries— and Peitz, Willis and Bergen.
Umpires— O'Day and McDonald.
ST. LOUIS, May Charley Esper
pitched for St. Louis to-day in his old
time championship form, holding down
the New Yorks to six scattered hits. At
tendance 2000. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 2 6 2
St. Louis 6 8 2
Batteries— Meekln and Warner, Esper and
Clements. Umpires — Swartwood and Wood.
CHICAGO, May 20.— The locals could
do nothing with Weyhing and were out
played at all points by the Senators, nar
rowly escaping a shutout. Gettman's bat
ting was a feature. Attendance 1100.
Score: ■';«;.; :':v ;■
R. H. E.
Chicago 15 4
Washington 6 10 1
Batteries — Kllroy and Donahue, Weyhlng and
McGulre. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
BALTIMORE, May 20.— With the ex
ception of the fourth Inning both Gard
ener and Pond pitched magnificent ball
to-day. A single, a base on balls and two
hit batsmen forced Baltimore's only run
across the plate. Attendance 1200. Score:
It. H. E.
Baltimore 13 2
Plttsburv 841
Batteries — Nops and Clarke; Gardner
and Schrlever. Umpires— and Andrews.
CLEVELAND, May 20.— Wilson was a
trifle weak and the Phillies batted out a
victory in the seventh inning. Attend
ance 500. Score: ■ :■ . z
R. H. E.
Cleveland 3 n 0
Philadelphia 6 10 2
■ Batteries— Wilson and Crlper. Dug-globy and
McFarland. Umpires — Snyder and Curry.
LOUISVILLE, May 20.— The Louisville-
Brooklyn game was postponed on account
of rain. ■■■■■"■
Shall we hold the Philippine Isl
ands P By ex-Secretary of State
Sherman and Chauncey Depew in
next Sunday's Call.
NEEDS A CUSTODIAN.
Judge Troutt Decides to Appoint a
Special Administrator for the
Emeric Estate.
The contest aa to who has the legal
rl^ht to act as the special administrator
in the estate of Mrs. Eugenic E. Emeric
was opened before Superior Judge Troutt
yesterday, and the victory of the day
was evenly divided in the protracted
wrangle of Attorney Metson in behalf of
Miss Barbier and Attorney J. D. Sullivan,
representing Public Administrator Freese.
Mr. Metson arpued that under section
1413 of the Code of Civil Procedure the
preference must be given to some person
entitled by law to letters of administra
tion upon the estate.
This immediately led to a discussion on
the subject of the contest considered as
a whole, which resulted in Judge Troutt
reminding the attorney for Miss Barbier
that hisdientmust be proven to be "enti
tled to letters; the mere naming in the
will would not so entitle h?r if she should
be shown to be disqualified or incapaci
tated."
Judpre Troutt finally decided to give Em
eric until Monday to amend his contest.
A special administrator will be appointed
Tuesday.
Soldiers
Will probably have to remain about
camp Sunday, but civilians will get
away as usual to visit El Campo. No
danger of bombardment. Even the
wind never blows at El Campo. For
time of sailing see amusement column.
Fuur round trips every Sunday.
Salomy Jane's Kiss: A thrilling
new story by Bret Harte begins in
next Sunday's Call.
"HOWLING" AS
A SUCCESS
San Francisco's Bench
Show So Declared.
A LONG LIST OF AWARDS.
THBEATS OF SECESSION AMONG
THE MASTIFF MEN.
To-Day Will Be the Last Chance
to Visit the Canine Car
nival at Mechanics'
Pavilion.
The attendance at the Bench Show at
the Pavilion yesterday exceeded that of
the previous days, and Indeed surpassed
all expectation and broke all records for
this city. There can be no question that
this year's show is a "howling" success
in more ways than one, and the Children's
Hospital Is to be congratulated on the
certainty of a substantial bonus.
The raising of Old Glory at 9:45 last
night was the signal for a spontaneous
outburst of patriotic enthusiasm.
The San Francisco Kennel Club an
nounces that to all winning exhibitors
who so desire a medal will be presented,
instead of the cash. For first prizes a
I silver medal, and for second and third
: prizes a bronze medal each.
The annual meeting of the Pacific Mas
tiff Club was held In the press room.
Routine business was transacted and two
new members elected. The board of direc
tors and all officers except the delegate
' to the A. K. C. were re-elected.
A meeting of exhibitors was held to
discuss a return to the old rules. Noth
<■ ing definite was adopted, and the meet
ing was adjourned until to-night, when
detlnite action will be taken.
Mr. Lane was elected chairman and W.
E. Chute, secretary. J. P. Norman, J. J.
Stewart and H. T. Payne spoke in favor
I of a return to the old rule, and E. S.
; Heller against it.
Dalmatians showed a remarkably large
: class, considering that the breed Is not
; very popular in this State. There was,
however, little to comment on, as the
dogs were nearly all about the average.
Hector, the winner In Limit dogs, wad
the one bright exception, and deservedly
received the winners' ribbon.
Poodles were well judged, the bitch
' Feora winning in limit and open classes
from Tricor and receiving the winners'
I ribbon.
Bulldogs were few in number but good
iin quality. No bitches were shown, and
that magnificent, sound and fine animal.
Commissioner, won from his competitors
with lengths to spare. It was all but a
■welkoyer.
In bull terriers, special attention is due
;to E. S. Heller's Torpedo. She took first
in the open and then captured the tri
color.
Rastus, the winner in dogs, should de
cidedly have given place to Woodcote
Venom. •
In wire-haired fox terriers, the well
known Rlley Grannan wa« shown in two
classes. He took both first prizes and
the winner's prize.
Smooth-coated fox terrlerß, Count Orh
mar took first puppy. He Is a fine young
terrier, but partly spoiled by the prick
ears characteristic of the reefer blood.
In Boston terriers, Bessie won out, and
in Trish terriers Rodger in dogs and Flos
sie II in bitches were winners without
competitors.
One poor black and tan ( terrier was
shown, and was well served with a third
prize.
The ekye terrier aroused considerable
Interest. Bismarck properly won out in
dogs, with Little Billee as reserve. In
bitches. Trilby took the winners' ribbon.
Yorkshire terriers proved full of sur
prises, although but a small class. Little
Joker captured the winners' prize in dogs,
and Gypsy in hitches.
In spitz dogs and bitches, Prince proved
a winner, with Ophelia as reserve.
Japanese spaniels were properly placed,
the dog winner. Mikado, being an excep
tionally fine specimen, though not as
handsome as the winner in bitches. Yum
Yum.
Dapchhunds were a very fair class
Valtiena, the winner in dogs, is a good
type, as Is also they reserve. Waldmann
In bitches, the resefve, Hilda II shwul.l
have won over Valtiena, the winner ITT
pups, prizes were well awarded. Tiny
winning out with Midg-et in reserve.
In the miscellaneous class an Irish
wolfhound, "Wenvoo Zara. won first with
another of the same breed. Sycamore Tat
ters, as second. J. p. XORMAN
THE WINNERS.
Following were the awards:
DALMATIANS.
Puppies, dogs— First, Joe Baruh, San Fran
cisco, Klondike Bill. Bitches— First, Joe Baruh
t-'an Francisco, Duchess.
Novice, dogs First, Joe Baruh. Pan Fran
clnco, Duke H: second, Joe Baruh. Pan Frnn-
CIBOO, Klondike Hill. Bitches —First. BadaroUS
&■ Finn, S;>n Francisco, Trilby F: second. Joe
Baruh, Kan Francisco, Queen n; third' Joe
Baruh, San Francisco, Duchess.
Limit, dog:*— First, Dr. W. F. MoNntt, San
Francisco, Hector: second, .T.,<>. Haruh, San
Francisco, Duke B; third, Badarous & Finn.
San Francisco, Pp.irt B; rewt-r\--. I'.alarnus &
Finn, San Franri.«oo, Nero F. Hitches— First,
Joe Haruh, San Francisco, Quoin H; second!
Joe Raruh. San Francisco, Duchen.
i ■|..-t'. ids*— First, Joe Baruh. Snn Francisco,
Duke B; NCOBd, Dr. W. V UcNutt, San Fran
cisco, Ajax; third, Jne Haruh, K;in Francisco,
Klondike mil. Bitches -First. Joe Baruh, San
Francisco, Queen B; second, Ji.e Baruli. S.m
Francisco, Duchess; third. Bad.irous & Finn
Pan Francisco, Rise B.
Winners, dogs— First, Dr. W. F. McNutt, San
Fninclsco, Hector. Bitches— First, lUilarous A
Finn. San Francisco, Trilby F; reserve, Joe
Baruh, San Francisco, Queen B.
POODLKS.
Umlt. dogs and hitches— First. Mrs. Dr. Fish,
Monterey, CaL, Ferra: second. Mrs. P. A.
Hearst, Ple-asanton, Cal., Tricot; third. Miss
A. A. Head, 1110 Sacramento street, Flnette.
Open, dogs and bitches— First. Mrs. Dr. Fish.
Monterey, Cal.. Ferra; second, Mrs. P. A.
Hearst, Pleasanton, Tricot.
Winners, dogs and bitches— First, Mrs. Dr.
Fish, Monterey, c-tt.. Ferra.
BULL DOGS.
Novice, flops— First, Gilbert Allen, Arlington
plnce. Cal.. Bt. Tallinn's Ruler.
Limit. dojrs— First. H. O. Knowles, 80 Cali
fornia street, San pranrison. Commissioner.
Open. diißP— First. Thomas Knowles, San
Francisco, Conqueror: second, John Coleman,
Petaluma. Cnl.. Staim C.
Winners, doRs — First, Thomas Knowlen. San
Francisco, Conqueror: reserve, H. J. Knowles,
San Francisco, Cnmmlseloner.
bi-ll terriers.
Puppies, dogs— First, Folßom Kennels. San
Francisco, Admiral: second, M. H. Beach, Pre
sidio, San Francisco, Grant Jr; third, A.
Hirsrh. San Francisco, venom ri: highly
commended, Joseph W. Salz, 34 Clay street.
White Star.
Puppies, bitches— First, Joseph T. Cooney,
San Francisco, Richmond Lassie; second, C. H.
Jouett, San Francisco, Magic Harper; third,
Folsom Kennels, San Francisco, Mosquito.
Novice, dogs— First. Richard H. Rountree.
Kan Francisco, Tobasco; second, A. T. Leonard,
Pan Francisco, Plncher; third. John Wlnthrop
Barnes. Kan Francisco, Woodcote Victory;
very highly commended, Folsom . Kennels. San
Francisco, Destroyer. Bitches— First, . Joseph
T. Cooney, San Francisco, Richmond Lassie;
second, George E. Lawrence, San Francisco,
Bessie L; third. E. F. Shotwell, 606 Sutter
street, San Francisco, Peggie.
Limit, dogs over thirty-five pounds— First,
John Tnit. 2*>3l Sutter street, Rantus; second,
J. W. Barnes, San , Francisco, Woodcote . Vic
tory: third, Folsom " Kennels, San Francisco,
Cruiser, Bitches over thirty-five pounds-First.
Dr. F. P. Clark, Stockton, Fearless: second.
S. Wheeland, San ■ Francisco, Lily; third, Mrs.
J. A. Baxter, San Francisco, Bessie B.
Open, dogs— First. S. - Chnstensen, Palace
Hotel Imp. Woodcote Venom: -second, Frank
pepper. San Francisco, Victor: third. Folsum
Kennels, San Francisco, Monitor; highly com
mended. Clinton Worden, San Francisco, Boun
cer Bitches— First, Folsom Kennels, San Fran
cisco Torpedo; second, E. R. Folder, 110 Cali
fornia street. Fly: third, Clinton E. Worden,
San Francisco, , Lady. Jane. _■ _• ■
< Winners, « dogs— First. John Tait. San Fran-
Vihoo Rastus: reserve, S. Christ<»nsen. Palace
Hotel Imp. Woodcote Venom. . Bitches— First,
Folsom Kennels, San Francisco. Torpedo; re
serve, Joseph T. Cooney, - Richmond . Lassie. ;
FOX TERRIERS (WIRE-HAIRED).' f
Limit, — First, J. &■ Atkln, Alameda,
Rlley Grannan. ■ _ .' . .
Open . dogs— First, J. P. Atkin, Alameda,
Rlley Grannan. ' ■ ... ,
Winners, dogs— First, J. P- Atkln, Alameda,
ntley Grannan. ;,. ■
FOX TERRIERS , (SMOOTH-CO ATED).;,- -
Puppies, dogs— First, N. H. Hickman,-San
rrauctßco». Count ptbxaar« , Bitches — First,
Orangedale kennels, Los Angeles, Snowflake;
second. ■J. H. Dibbern, San Francisco, Pytch
ley Vanity. •
Novice, dogs— . Pytchley kennels, Ala
meda, Pytchley Victor; second, Alex Meyers,
Lick House,. Johnny Snow; third. N. H. Hick
man, San Francisco. Count Othmar. Bitches—
First, J. A. Sargent, Sargents, Cal., Croquette;
. second,. N. H. Hickman, San Francisco, Daunt
less White Violet: third, J. F. Rose Soley, San
Francisco, Monad Neruda.
Limit, dogs— N. F. d'Evelyn, Alameda,
Defender; second, Pytchley kennels, Alameda,
I'ytchley Victor.
Open, dogs— First, Rev. J. W. Fllnton, Vic
toria, B. C, Aldon Swagger; second, N. F.
d'Evelyn, Alameda, Defender; third, J. H.
D'bbern, San Francisco. Pytchley Viking.
Bitches— First, Mrs. E. M. Simpson, Sacra
mento, Golden Restless: second. Orangevale
kennels, Los Angeles, Snow Flake; third, "W.
J. Mackron Jr., Victoria, B. C, Queen of Dia
monds; reserve, N. H. Hlckman, San ; Fran
cisco, Dauntless White Violet.
Winners, dogs— First, Mrs. E. M. Simpson,
Sacramento, Golden Restless; reserve, N. F.
d'Evelyn, Alameda, Defender. Bitches-
First, Mrs. E. M. Simpson, Sacramento, Gold
en Restless; reserve, J. A. Sargent, Sargents,
Croquette, j .
' BOSTON TERRIERS.
Novices. Bitches— First, Mrs. H. H. Carlton,
2026 Bush street. Bessie.
IRISH TERRIERS. • -
Novices, dogs— First, Miss Nellie Blngham.
•Millwood, Rodger. ■ -
Limit, bitches— First, Mrs. William B. Hoop
er. San Francisco. Flossie H.
Winners, dogs— First. Mrs. N. Bingham. Mill
wood. Rodger. . Bitches— First, Mrs. W. B.
Hooper. Flossie H.
MANCHESTER OR BLACK AND TAN TER
RIERS.
Open, dogs — Third, Mrs. W. Buchanan, San
Francisco, Tip.
SKYE TERRIERS.
Limit, dogs— First. Mrs. F. G. Sanborn, Sail
Francisco, Little Blllie. Bitches— First, Miss
A. Meehan, San Francisco, Flora.
Open, dogs— Mrs. F. G. Sanborn, 1020 Dolores
street, Bismark. Bitches— First, Mrs. F. G.
Sanborn, 1020 Dolores street. Trilby: second,
Mrs. W. L. Oliver, Oakland, Topsy; third, Mrs.
F. G. Sanborn. San Francisco, Peggy.
Winners, dogs— First, Mrs. F. G. Sanborn,
San Francisco, Bismark; reserve. Mrs. F. G.
Sanborn, San Francisco, Little Blllie. Bitches
—First, Mrs. F. G. Sanborn, San Francisco.
Trilby; reserve. Miss A. Meehan, San Fran
cisco,, Flora.
YORKSHIRE TERRIERS.
Limit, dogs— First, E. Atwood, San Fran
cisco, Little Joker. Bitches— First, E. Attrldge,
San Francisco, Gypsy.
Open, dogs— First, E. Attridge, San Fran
cisco, Joker II; V. H. C, Mrs. E. B. Grace,
San Francisco. Frank. Bitches— First, E. Att
ridge, San Francisco, Bradford Dot.
Winners, dogs— First. E. Attrldge, Little
Joker. Bitches— E. Attrldge, Gipsy.
POMERANIAN OR SPITZ.
Limit, dogs— First. Mrs. C. E. Hutchlnson,
San Francisco, Snowball.
Open, dogs and bitches— First, Edwin C.
Biggs, San Francisco, Prince; second, George
H. Wai Us, San Francisco, Ophelia.
Winners, dogs or bitches— Edwin C.
Biggs, San Francisco, Prince; reserve, Mrs. C.
B. Hutchinson. San Francisco, Snowball.
JAPANESE SPANIELS.
Novice, dogs— First, Miss Viola Plercy, San
Francisco, Jap.
Limit, dogs— Miss Freda Hatje, Ala
meda, Jap H; second. Miss Viola Plercy, San
Francisco, Jap; third, Miss Ida A. KUley, San
Francisco, Kekko. Bitches— First, H. A. Weg
ener, San Francisco. Yum Yum.
Open, dogs— First, Miss Rose Hooper, San
Francisco, Mikado; second. Miss Viola Plercy.
San Francisco, Jap; third, W. S. Kittle, San
Francisco, Our Jap.
Winners, dogs— First, Miss R. Hooper, Mi
kado: reserve. Miss Freda Hatje, Jap H; H.
A. Wegener, Yum Yum.
DACHSHUNDS.
Puppies, dogs— First, C. W. Gross, Oakland,
Valtien; second, Mrs. H. O. Trowbrdge, Oak
land. Dachsel; third. H. B. Vogel, San Fran-
Cisco, Blitz. Hitches— Mrs. H. B. Vogel,
San Francisco. Hilda 11.
Novice, dogs— First. Dr. R. Kruetzmann,
San Francisco, Waldmann; second. George E.
Raublnger, Scotty *
Limit, dogs— First. Dr. H. Kreutzmann, San
Francisco, Waldmann ; second, Thomas Meln,
San Francisco, Kruger. Bitches— First, C. W.
Grows. Oakland, Valtlena.
Open, doers— First. J. B. Rheinhardt, San
Francisco, Fritz.
Winners, dogs— First, C. W. Gross, Oakland,
Valtien: reserve. Dr. H. Kreuetzmann. Wald
mann. Bitches— First, C. W. Gross. Oakland.
Valtiena; reserve, Mrs. H. B. Vogel, San Fran
cisco, Hilda 11.
PUGS.
Novice, dogs— First, G. B. Burling, San
Francisco, Punch.
Limit, " bitches— First, Miss Florence Coffee,
San Francisco, Dolly C.
Open, dogs— First. Mrs. G. B. Burling, San
Francisco, Nip; second, Mrs. O. B. Burling,
Nip; reserve. G. B. Burling. Punch.
Winners, bitches— First, Miss Florence Coffee,
San Francisco, Dolly C.
TOY TERRIERS (other than Yorkshire).
Limit, dogs and bitches— First, J. C. Farley,
San Francisco, Tiny; second, J. C. Farley, San
Francisco, M..xie.
Open, bitches— First, J. C. Farley, Midget.
Winners, dogs and bitches— First, J. C. Far
ley. Tiny; reserve, J. C. Farley, Midget.
MISCELLANEOUS CLASS.
Open, dogs and bitches— First. Gilbert Allen.
Arlington Place, Cal., Wenvoo Zara (Irish wolf
hound); second, Gilbert Allen, Arlington Place,
Cal. .Sycamore Tatters (Irish wolfhound;; third,
Charles J. Wohlander, San Francisco, Colum
bus (Chow Chow).
ROUGH-COATED ST. BERNARDS.
Puppies, dogs — Third, C. J. Bllladue, Port
land, Or., Major McKinley.
Special Prizes.
The special awards were mad© as fol
lows:
MASTIFFS.
Oelrlchs' gold medal for best mastiff— W. E.
Meek's California Cube.
San Francisco Kennel Club's gold medal for
best mastiff, opposite sex to winner of Oel
richs' medal— P. Thwaltes' California
Echo.
Pacific Mastiff Club's competition trophy, a
silver medal for best mastiff In show Irrespect
ive of sex or club membership — W. E. Meek's
California Cube.
For best mastiff of opposite sex to winner of
trophy, Irrespective of club ' membership —
Frank P. Thwaltes' California Echo.
GREAT DANES.
Dr. F. W. D' Evelyn's cut class silver
mounted carafe for best Great Dane — Charles
Dr«s»en's Blinker Murphy.
W. R. Hearst's gold medal for best Great
Dane, the opposite sex to winner of D'Evelyn's
trophy— A. Roncovieri's Queen.
Ban Francisco Kennel Club's silver medal for
best dog puppy— M. E. Livingston's Commodore
I>ewey.
San Francisco Kennel Club's silver medal for
best bitch. puppy— Alfred FunKe's Lady Londes
broußh..
ST. BERNARDS (ROUGH COATED).
A. B. Spreckels' "President's Trophy." sliver
pitcher, for best St. Bernard— Mrs. E. F. Beck's
Montana Queen. !
W. R. Hearst's gold and. Jeweled medal for
best St. Bernard, the opposite sex to winner
of "President's Trophy"— W. B. Irvine's Or
monde. *
San Francisco Kennel Club's silver medal for
best St. Bernard puppy— Mrs. V. C. Driffleld's
Pasha.
NEWFOUNDLANDS.
Baltimore Kennel Association's club medal
for best Newfoundland— William Merz's Oeorge
It
GREYHOUNDS.
The Interstate Coursing Club of California,
president, D. Shannon; W. O. Elmer, secre
tary; offers sliver cup for best greyhound ex
hibited—E. V. Sullivan's Skyball.
Union Park Coursing Association, silver cup
for best greyhound bitch— John Grace's Nellie
Conroy.
California Turfs one year subscription for
best greyhound. ' opposite sex to winner of
Itreeder and Sportsman subscription— John
Grace's Nellie Conroy.
E. V. Sullivan's $100 for best greyhound— E.
V. Sullivan's Skyball.
For best bitch, $r,o— John Grace's Nellie Con
r iv.
For best puppy, $25— C. Glasson's Petro
nius,
E. V. Sullivan's silver cup for best grey
hound exhibited— v. Sullivan's Skyball.
Ban Francisco Kennel Club's silver medal for
best puppy, Opposite sex to winner of E. V.
Sullivan's prize— Mrs. P. A. Williams' Clare B.
Breeder and Sportsman's one-year subscrip
tion for best greyhound in show— E. V. Sulli
van's Skyball.
R. E. de Lopes' I cut glass and silver cup
for best greyhound bitch exhibited— John
Grace's Nellie Conroy.
Best kennel greyhounds— E. V. Sullivan.
AMERICAN FOXHOUNDS.'
William C. Brown's gold match box for best
American foxhound— W. S. Klttle's Drive/
San Francisco Kennel Club's gold medal for
best . American foxhound, opposite sex to win
ner of Brown trophy— H. P. Nelson's Queen N.
San Francisco Kennel Club's silver medal lor
bent puppy dog— J. B. Arst's Major.
.: i-'an Francisco Kennel Club's silver medal for
best bitch puppy— William F. II. it, kins' Dinah.
RUSSIAN WOLFHOUNDS.
- San Francisco Kennel Club's silver medal for
the best Russian wolfhound — Robert N. Allan's
Saladln.
BLOODHOUNDS.
San Francisco Kennel Club's medal for best
bloodhound — Mount Shasta kennel's Hen But
ltr.
CHESAPEAKE BAY DOGS. . '
San Francisco Kennel Club's silver medal for
best Chesapeake Bay dog — Herman N. Lange's
Bessie.
POINTERS.
Verona kennel's silver and cut glass vase for
best pointer exhibited — Lucas & Calvin's
Alec C.
H. A. Wegener' s silver cup for best light
weight pointer, Lucas V Calvin's Alec C.
W. R. ■ Hearst gold medal for : best heavy
weight—George Neale's Queen N. . •
San Francisco' Kennel Club's silver medal for
best dog puppy— William /Rtngrose's Glendale. *~
.• Breeder and Sportsman, one year's subscrip
tion for best pointer in show— & Cal
vin's Alec C. -
ENGLISH SETTERS.
Verona kennel's silver and cut glass pitcher
for best English — Calamity ' kennel's
Lock. J ■.-■•• ' .
1 Oelrichs" gold medal for beat English setter,
opposite sex to winner of the Verona kennel's
trophy— W. M.'Fitssmaurlce's Queen Bess.
- Claybrough. Golcher & Co., silver-topped
beer . tankard for best dog puppy— Decour
tleux's Spot Cash. "■■ ; -
San Francisco Keangl Club' a silver medal
for best bitch puppy— Max Abrams' Dolly T.
IRISH SETTERS.
J. E. de Ruyter. cup for best Irish setter—
Elcho kennels' Lady Swiveler.
Hearst gold medal for best Irish setter, oppo
site Bex to winner of De Kuy.er trophy— Elcho
Kennel's Champion Nemo 11.
San Francisco Kennel Club's silver medal for
best dog puppy— Gus Lane's Pilot B.
ban *ranciscoo Kennel Club's silver medal
for best bitch puppj — Dv Val Moore's Queen
Bess.
GORDON SETTERS.
San Francisco Kennel Club's gold medal for
bext Gordon setter, BYed A. Elliot, Dick 111.
San Francisco Club's silver medal for best,
opposite sex of winner or gold medal, J. il.
Vandall, Jewell.
FIELD TRIALS CLASS.
Pacific Coast Field Trials Club, silver cup for
best setter or pointer exhibited In field trials
class. Lucas & Calvin's Alec C.
San Francisco Kennel Club, gold medal for
best setter or pointer, opposite sex to winner of
Pacific Coast Field Triiiia Ctub'a cup, E. V.
Sullivan's Peach Mark.
IRIS^ WATER SPANIELS.
E. T. Allen & Co., silver cigarette ca»e for
beat Irish water spaniel, W. H. Williams,
Champion Dan Maloney.
COCKER SPANIELS— BLACK.
H. J. Crocker, silver salver for best cocker
spaniel, H. A. Wegener, Durrerln Pastime.
•jeJnehy gold medal for best cocker spaniel,
opposite sex, to winner of H. J. Crocker
trophy, Swiss Mountains Kennel, Banner
Trilbs'.
San Francisco Kennel Club, silver medal for
best dog puppy, H. A. Wegener, Colorado.
Kan Francisco Kennel Club, silver medal for
best bitch puppy, Mrs. E. F. Bock, Lady
Thornhill.
COLLIES.
Palace Hotel, crystal and gilt clock for best
coihc, v'ernmia kennels. \ eruna Craw Scot.
E. A. Wlltsee. silver flask for best collie, op
posite sex to winner of Palace Hotel trophy,
Verona Kennels, Verona Bonnie Brae.
San Francisco Kennel Club, silver medal for
best puppy, O J. Albee, Alto Clifton Jr.
San Francisco Kennel Club, silver medal for
best bitch puppy, Mrs. Julia A. Groom, Gaiety
Girl.
FOX TERRIERS (WIRE-HAIRED).
Shreve & Co. sflver cup for best fox terrier-
Rev. J. W. Flinton's Aldon Swagger.
Hearst gold medal for best fox terrier oppo
site sex to winner of Shreve & Co. cvp — Mrs. E.
M. Simpson, Golden Restless.
S. F. K. Club silver medal for best dog
puppy, H. H. Hickman, Count Othmar.
S. F. K. Club silver medal for beat bitch
puppy, Orange<la!e kennels, Snowflake.
Club medal for best fox terrier puppy — N. H.
Hickman, Count Othmar.
Club medal for Ir-st fox terrier dog— N. F.
D'Evalyns Defender.
Club medal for best fox terrier biteh — Mrs.
E. M. Simpson, Golden Restless.
BOSTON TERRIERS— Boston Terrier Club
cup for best Boston Terrier dog or bitch ex
hibited by a member — Mrs. H. H. Carlton's
Bessie.
SKYE TERRIERS -Baltimore Kennel Asso
ciation club medal for best skye terrier, Mrs.
F. G Sanborn's Biamarck.
YORKSHIRE TERRIERS— CoIoniaI Hotel
sliver and cut glass puff box for best York
shire, E. Attndge'g Little J6k*r.
POMERANIANS or SPlTZ— Baltimore Ken
nel Association club medal lor best Pomera
nian, Edwin C. lungs' Prince.
JAPANESE Spaniels— S. F. K. Club sliver
medal for best Japanese spaniel. Miss Rose
Hooper's Mikado.
DACHSHUNDE— Hearst gold medal for best
Dachshunde, C. W. Gross' Valtlen.
S. F. K. Club silver medal for best Dachs
hund, opposite sex to winner of Hearst medal,
C. W. Gross' Valtlena.
PUGS.
Baltimore Kennel Association Club medal for
b*bt pug- Mrs G. W. Burling" a Nip.
TOY TERRIERS (OTHER THAN YORK
SHIRE).
Baltimore Kennel Association Club's medal
for best toy terrier— J. A. Farley's Tiny.
MISCELLANEOUS CLASS.
Baltimore Kennel Association Club's medal
foe best miscellaneous— Gilbert Allen's Wen- 1
voe Zara (Irish wolfhound).
Special prizes offered by the Pacific Mastiff
Club were won as follows: For the beet mas
tiff dog, J. A. Norman' 8 Major; for the best
mastiff bitch, J. V. Geary's Juno; for the
best California-bred mastiff, J. P. Norman's
Major. ______________
Republican I^leg^ates Elected.
The Republicans of the Thirty-fifth As
sembly District held a meeting last night
at 1339 Valencia street for the purpose of
electing delegates to .the Republican
League, which will meet In this city on
the 31st inst.
Vernon T. Northrop, who bo ably pre- ■■
sided over the club since Its organization
four years ago, was unanimously re
elected.
The following delegates were chosen to
represent the club in the league:
V. F. Northrop (delegate at large), P. A.
Pedlar, George C. Parkinson, C. B. Kltch.
P. L. Turpln. P. Ounimings, E. H. Her
rick, Robert Stafford, <.'al Ewing, M. J.
McPherson. B. Kelly, L. Holllngsworth,
L. D. McDonald, P. Broderick, John D.
Daly. C. U. Robinson. H. Collin, J. J.
Guiffoyle, A. Schumacher, W. H. Cobb,
J. H. Miller. C. A. Brown. J. H. Thomp
son, J. \V. King, G. \V. Debenham. W. F.
Gibson. Martin Fragley. H. T. Smith, S.
M. Snyder, R. B. Frederick, W. L. O'Dell,
J. H. Dawson.
A Dairy Maids' Convention.
One of the most successful entertain
ments ever given In the city was that
tendered by the young ladies of the
Young People's Alliance of the Twelfth
street Evangelican Lutheran Church
to their friends last evening in Native
Sons' Hall on Mason street. The en-
tertainment assumed the form of a mam
moth social and in character way based
on the usual dairymaid convention. There
were milkmaids galore, dressed in the
short dress and white frock, who dis
pensed their wares among the youth of
the sterner sex, who manifested an insa
tiable thirst for pure milk, principally be
cause a smile accompanied each drink.
After the rendition of ■ well arranged
programme dancing was announced.
Will Compete for the Trophy.
At the final test drill of the various
companies of the League of the Cross
Cadets for the purpose of selecting tho
best five companies to compete for the
Montgomery trophy, held last evening,
the following were selected. Company a.
of St. Mary's Cathedral, Company D of
Sacred H.eart Darish, Company G of St.
Brigid's, Company H of St. Brendan's
and Company M of St. Mary's (.Paullst).
A Beautiful Girl's Affliction.
Prom the Republican, Versailles, Ind.
The Tuckers of Versailles, Ind., like
all fond parents, are completely wrap-
ped up in their children. Their daugh-
ter Lucy in particular has given
them much concern. She is 15, and
from a strong; healthy girl, three
years ago, had become weak. and kept
falling off in tlesh, until she became a
mere skeleton. She seemed to have no
life at all. Her blo<*l became impure,
I and finally she became the victim of
nervous prostration. Doctors did not
help her. Most of the time she was
confined to bed. was very nervous and
irritable, and seomed on the verge of
St. Vitus' dance.
"One morning," said Mrs. Tucker,
"the doctor told us to give her Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills f<-r Pale People,
Which he brought with him. He said
he was treating a similar case with
these pills and they were curing the
patient. We began giving the pills
and the next day could see a change
for the better. The doctor came and
I
Discussed Their Daughter's Case for Hours.
was surprised to see such an improve-
ment. He told us to keep giving her
the medicine. We gave her one pill af-
ter each meal until eight boxes had j
been used, when she was well. She
has not been sick since, and we have
no fear of the old trouble returning.
We think the cure almost miraculous."
FRANK TUCKER
MltS. FRANK TUCKER.
Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 28th day of April, 1897.
HUGH JOHNSON,
Justice of the Peace.
These pills are wonderfully effective
In the treatment of all disease! arising
from impure blood or shattered nerve
force. They are adapted to young or
o-ld, and -may be had at any drugstore,.
COST OF SCHOOLS
THE COMING YEAR.
THE BOABD OF EDUCATION SUB
MITS ITS ESTIMATE.
A Lively Discussion Over the At
tempted 'Institution of a New
System of Drawing Into
the Department.
Although the meeting of th« Board of
Education last evening was protracted al
most until midnight little or nothing was
accomplished.
The only business of Importance wa3
the presentation of the financial estimate
for operating the department during the
coming year. This estimate, which will
be acted upon at a meeting to be called
for the purpose, next Tuesday evening. Is
as follows:
Teachers' salaries, $1,023,000; Janitors' sala
ries, $6,000; office. $7390: shop salaries, $5400:
Board of Examiners. $400; books for indigent
pupils. ${,000; stationery, $7000; drawing paper.
JJikJ'l; furniture ' apparatus. Mission Hish School,
pS.OOO; globes, maps and apparatus, $4000, mak
ing a total of 129,000; ful. wood and coal, $65,000;
Janitors' supplies. $3000; postage, $360; rents,
£i?s£' d i oms ' 7 S0O; lights, gas and electric.
li^vi-in bo ° ks for school library, $7000; printing.
CSb.OOQ; advertisements In the newspapers, $500;
telegraph and telephone expenses, $500; water,
$75; legal expenses, $1000; school census. $6000;
Incidentals, $1500; painting, whitening. con
struction of new roofs, new yards, and general
JSP™! 8 per re P° rt of Inspector of buildings.
$o0.000; new lot. Noe Valley, $15,000. and con
struction of 12-room brick, including building
?.?^JI" room building for the Barrington School.
$30,000; total, $1,296,125.
The estimate for conducting the School
Department under the laws and regula
tions of the new charter is between $995,
000 and $999,000.
This amount, which Is considerably ex
ceeded by the above estimate of the Board
of Education, is not ample to operate the
department, as the last census shows an
increase of 1500 school children for the
coming year, and, at the rate of ?2S for
each pupil, the sum total will greatly ex
ceed the original figure.
After two hours of continued discussion
a decision was at last attained declaring
that the present form of drawing instruc
tion be continued until the Supreme Court
renders a decision as to whether this sys
tem has been legally adopted.
A Concert on the Aeolian.
At Kohler & Chase's Hall this after
noon at 3 o'clock a recital will be given
upon the new and marvelous musical
Instrument known as the aeolian. As
this will mark the first time that the In
strument has been exhibited In thi3
city an unusual public interest is mani
fested to know exactly the nature of It.
During the siege of Paris 150,000 official
dispatches were carried Into the city by
the "Pigeon Post."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLD PICK LINE
JOHNSON -LOCKE MERCANTILE
COMPANY,
199 Market Street, Sail Francisco,
SOLE AGENTS
STEAMERS FOR ALASKA AND KOTZE-
BUE SOUND,
Will Dispatch the Following Steamerai
tMAY 25th-
FOR DUTCH HARBOR, NUNIVAK ISLANTt '
HOOPERS BAY, ST. MICHAEL ANK
DAWSON CITY.
THE STEAMSHIP
TILLAMOOK.
FOR KOTZEBUE SOUND, DUTCH HA»
f BOR, NUNIVAK ISLAND, HOOPERS
' BAY, ST. MICHAEL AND DAW-
SON CITY,
The Newly-built Triple Expansion Steamer
GRACE DOLLAR,
Connecting at the mouth of the Putnam *
River with the river Steamer ARCTIC BIRD.
•which will transfer passengers up the Putnam
River about the vicinity of Fort Cosmo*.
JUNE Ist—
FOR ST. MICHAEL, DAWSON CTTT AND
YUKON RIVER POINTS,
The Magnificent Steamer
MORGAN CITY.
Capacity 700 Passengers, 2000 Tons of Freight.
The above steamers are the finest of their
class; every comfort given to passengers; best
table ret of any line running to Alaska. If
you are going to Alaska go by a reliable line.
For Information address
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANY,
6Q9_Market_ at.. Baa Francisco.
GREAT SACRIFICE
op
BOOKS !
HISTORY. SCIENCE. ART. TRAVELS. BI-
OGRAPHY. FICTION. THEOLOGY,
LITERATURE OF ALL
KINDS.
RARE OPPORTUNITY.
No Reasonable Offer t efused.
ODD FELLOWS". LIBRA*RY. Seventh and
Market. n
• Must Be Sold Out by June L 189 S.
I fa 4vio]'^l"l4 v io]'^l"I LeU^ "fell
rrrfT?Rv We Rent all Makes. Few partly
)§SS£Ai used or Sale cheap. Send for
CV^Jt\ Samples and A ANDER
?f||^J L.&M.ALEXANDER '
-<•** SMITH PREMIER I
*—"^^ MONTGOMERY ST.. S. F..CAL
000000000000000000
S w PALACE «-"§
%GRANO normal
o SAN FRANCISCO. q
J* rcnnpctfil i.y « tViwred pssMi?wjr. _
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attaohad. "
O -oJ-i. UsniiH One MAXAQBMK.'III O
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
*s European Plan. SI.OO per day and upward q
w American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward "~
C ' i , Tr-M-rni-P'-' Solicited. ' O-
Q JOHN C. KIRKPATaiCK, K»n»g«r. Q '
000000000000000000
PChicbeater's English Dlanoail Brand. ■ .
ENNYROYAL PILLS
_^j»">v Original and Only Gennlne. A.
£■ i\ {^>J*y. Brsnlst for dliehattr'i f.'na'.ith DUt-Jffh\
Cr^^^^^U""""' Brl ""l 1° Jtcd *"<• Gold met»!!li;\V*Mr
jry —^OSBbc.iij. scaled with blue rti>N>n. Take
•JW &^ K4no other. Refuse dangerow mtttiti* v
I / ~ . fff tiont and imitations. At Ura c vist>, or eeni 4e.
I W JJf in ttimpn fur particular*. tutimtmUls lad
VC* S3 "Ilcllef for Ladlcm" in Utitr. by return
mX IT JTtll. 10,000 To«HmonUl». Kmm* Paptr.
vv — '/ Chlche»t*TCkcmlcalto..M«.ll«oo»<i««r%
kid by all Local l>ru !sts. FIIILAUA FA
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a • powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. • A great Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits: no long-winded- testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & Hl'.t'NE. Agents.
J23 Market Street. 3. F.— (Send ■ for Circular.)
••:,■■, OPtUhl
. . v
The pur» essential extract from the native drug. Con*
tains .11 the valuable medicinal properties of Opium'
* itnout ; ta noxious elements. "So sickness of stoniM hjj
no vomit ;no cottivenega , no headaoiie. ' All Druyi;i.-i3»'
T. HESS,
KOTABY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW, '
Tenth Floor, Room 1015," Claus ; Spreckels Bids.'
Telephone Srown 831. ' , •■". •''
Residence, i2l California street, b«low
Powell, tan Francisco,
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
...--.■ . '" '•
Wheat and Barley lower.
Other cereals unchanged.
Bran declined. Hay steady.
Beans quiet and weak.
N !hange in Flour.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged,
Butter weaker. Eggs as before.
Poultr— !n excessive supply.
Strawberries and Cherries lower.
n Peas declined.
Dried Fruit selling fairly.
Provisions firm.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Pork firm. Beef and Mutton steady.
Seventeen failures last week.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 17
failures In the Pacific Coast States and Terri
tories as compared with 13 for the previous
week and 24 for the corresponding woek of 1597.
The failures for the past week are divided
among the trades as follows: 4 groceries and
liquor?, I bank. 1 hotel and saloon. 1 wholesale
liquors. 2 bakeries. 1 general store, 1 draylng,
1 commission. 1 cigars, l manufacturer leather
belting. 1 teas, etc.. 1 ladles' tailor, 1 mining
company.
WEATHER REPORT.
(12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 20, 1898. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations In
California:
Eureka, 68: Fresno, 80: Los Angel 64; Red
Bluff, 68; Sacramento, 62; San Luis Oblspo, 70;
Ban Diego, 64; Yuma, S6.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over the northern half
of the Pacific Slope. A storm of moderate
energy is central to-night over Washington,
and it will probably move southeastward, caus
ing rain and fresh southeasterly winds over
California.
The temperature has fallen In the Sacramento
valley and along the central coast of Califor
nia. It has risen over Nevada. The tempera
tures In the. great valleys of California are
below the normal from two to eight degrees.
Rain has fallen along the coast from Eureka
north ward. ; . " .
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Tatoosh Island. 28 miles an hour
from the south; Fort Can by. 48 southeast; Port
land. 32 south.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending at midnight. May 21. 1898:
Northern California— Saturday, with
rain: fresh southeasterly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Saturday; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada— Rain Saturday; colder north.
Utah— Cloudy Saturday.
Arizona — Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Saturday,
■with showers: southeasterly, changing to fresh
westerly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpats, taken
at 6 p. m. — Weather, cloudy; wind, southwest,
6lx miles an hour: temperature, 44; maxi
mum, 54. ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local "^— cast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 20. — Indisposition of
the stock prices to move widely pending the
decisive engagement In West Indian waters
became even more pronounced to-day than
during the early part of the week. To-day the
professional traders were apparently unwilling
to await over night for a turn in the market.
In the last hour they sold the stocks they had
bought in the morning, the process involving
the wiping out of all the early grains except
for a small number of stocks which showed
special elements of strength. The supply of
stocks was small and prices moved up quite
easily on the buying movement, but the de
mand was equally small and the sale of hold
ings Involved the return of the price level al
most exactly to last night's level. There was
the same tendency as has been manifested for
some time past to take up particular stocks or
groups of stocks and advance them inde
pendently of the market. To-day the local
traction companies were selected, and they
•were advanced between one and three points.
There was selling for London account
during the morning, but this was offset by
some small outside buying through commis
sion houses.
The money market continued easy in all de
partments, foreshadowing another strong re
turn by the bankers to-morrow. This is an
element of strength so far as it indicates a
relaxation of the withholding of credits. There
was very little movement or activity In the
bond market. Total sales. 625,000.
United States old fours registered declined
M per cent on the bid price. The last sale to
cay of the new fours coupon at 122% showed a
decline of 7 per cent from the last sale on the
preceding day.
Total sales of stocks to-day 283.500 shares.
Including: 5600 Atchison preferred, 3100 C. and
O. 4 12.R00 Burlington, 6300 L. and N., 18,100
Manhattan, 6300 Metropolitan, 4900 Missouri
Pacific. 3000 Northern Pacific preferred. 34.500
St. Paul, 12.100 Union Pacific Preferred, S9OO
Tobacco. 6600 Chicago G. and W., 14,700 Peo
ple's Gas, 22,100 Sugar, 9900 Leather. 17,500 do
preferred. 9400 Western Union.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12 St P & Om 76
Do pref 30U Do pref 148
Baltimore & Ohio 17 ; St P M & M 133
Canada Pacific .. 82=% So Pacific 14%
Canada Southern. 60% So Railway SS 1-*1 -*
Central Pacific ..12 Do pref 28%
Ches & Ohio 21% Texas & Pacific.. 10%
Chi & Alton 159 Union Pacific 67%
Chi B & Q 99% U P D & 0 7%
Chi & E 111 50 Wabash -%
CCC &St L.... 32% Do pref 19%
Do pref 80 Wheel &L E. 2'<,
Del & Hudson 108 Do pref 11 "
Del L &■ W 152 Express Companies-
Den &R G 10 Adams Ex 100
Do pref 45% American Ex .... 125
Erie (new) 12% United States .... 40
Do Ist pref .... 34*; Wells Fargo 116
Fort Wayne 168 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref 163% A Cot Oil 22
Hocking Valley... 6 Do pref ■ 72*4
Illinois Central .. 103 Aran Spirits 11%
Lake Erie & W.. 15 Do pref 30
Do prT 72% Am Tobacco 105%
Lake Shore IS6 Do pref 117
Louis & Nash 53*4 People's Gas 97%
Manhattan L 103% Cons Gas a 93%
Met St Ry 151 Com Cable C 0.... 160
Mich Cent 102% Col F & Iron 22
Minn & St L 26 Do pref 90
Do Ist pref 85 Gen Electric 34
Mo Pacific ....... #33% Illinois Steel 50
Mobile & Ohio 28 Laclede Gas 46%
Mo X & T. .:..... 10% Lead 32%
Do pref 34 Do pref 106
Chi Ind & L.... 9% Nat Lin Oil ..... 20
Do pref 30 Or Imp Co 27%
N J Central 94 Pacific Mall 27
X T Central 116 Pullman Pal .*-. IK3U,
X V Chi & S L... 13 Silver Cert 5714
Do Ist pref .... 65 Stand R& T 5%
Do 2d pref .... 31% Sugar 134%
Nor West 13% Do pref 111%
No Amer Co 5% T C & Iron 25%
No Pacific 25% U S Leather S%
Do pref 65 Do pref 65%
Ontario. & W 15 US Rubber 21%
Or R & Nay 49 Do pref 7714
Or Short Line 29 West Union 90%
Pittsburg 166% C & N W 125'
Reading 17% Do pref 169
Do Ist pref .... 43% St L & S W 4%
Rock Island 101% Do pref 10%
St L & S F 7> 8 R O W 25
Do Ist pref 61 i Do pref 60
Do 2d r.ref .... 28%lChi G W.... 13%
St Paul 96% Haw Com Co IS%
Do pref 145Vil .
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 new 4s reg.. 122% N Carolina 6s 122%
Do coup 122 Vi • Do 4s 105
US 4s 109 No Pac lets ...... 116
Do coup 111% I Do 3s 60
Do 2ds 95 Do 43 95*4
U 8 6s reg: 111% X V C & 8 L 4s. 103%
-Do 5s coup lllVi Nor &W 6s 117 j
District 3.65s 113% Northwstrn cons. 138
Ala Class A 108% Do deb 6s 113
Do B 10814 O Nay lsts 115
Do C 00 O Nay 4s 95%
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr 122(4
Atchison 4s ...... 89 7 -i O S Line os tr 106%
-Do adj 4s 63 7 O Imp lsts tr 109%
Can So 2ds 107% Do 5s tr 571 X
Chi Term 4s 84*4 Pacific 6s of 95... 103
C & Ohio 5s 112% Reading 4s 83Vi
C H & D 4%s 104% ROW lsts 83%
D& R G lsts 105 St L&I M C ss. 93%
D & R G 4s 91% St L & S F G 6s. 116 "
East Term IMS... 106- St P Con 142
Erie Gen 4s 71% St P C & P lsts.. 116%
V W *.- D lsts tr. 71 Do as 115
Gen Electric 55.. 103% So Ry 5s «2
GH& S A 65.... 109 Stand R& T 65... 66
Do 2ds 105% Term new net 35.. 86
H&T CSb ...110 T&P L O lsts... 103%
Do con 6s 104 Do Rg 2ds 34
lowa C 15t5...... 101% V P D & G lsts.. 67%
La new cons 45.. 100 Wab Ist 6s 106%
L & N X'nl 45.... SSVi Do 2ds 81%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 107
M X & T 2ds - 60% Va Centuries ... 67
■Do 45... 88 Do deferred ... 5
N V Central lsts. 117VT' P pref 57%
X JC5s 112%1U P 4s ............ 92%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ontario '. 3 00
Crown Point ..... 05 Ophir 32
Con Cal & Va... 43 Plymouth 20
peadwood ...V 75 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry.... 16] Do pref 200
Hale & Norcross. 70 i Sierra Nevada ... 45
Homestake 40 00; Standard .......... 150
Iron Silver ' 45 Union Con 05
Mexican 15. Yellow Jacket ... 15
BOSTON.
BOSTON. May 20.— Atchison. 12; Bell Tele
phone. 258: Burlington. 99%: Mexican Central,
4%; Oregon Short Line and San Diego, -7-7-. ;
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 20.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were quiet but firm to-day, the
chief factor being easier money .. with a pros
pect of its continuance for a time. ■ ■
Americans were steady but lifeless, pending
more decisive war news.
Thf-re was a sharp recovery in Brazils.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 85; Grand Trunk. 8%. Bar
Silver quiet, 26\d per ounce. Money, 2)49%
per cent.
Spanish fours closed 82%. a net loss of 3-16.
PARIS, May 30.— Spanish fours closed at
32 3-16, a net loss of 5-16.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May 20.— JPLOUR— Receipts,
56,559 barrels; exports, 20,700. Firmly held but
quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 305,200 bushels; exports,
190.300 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2, $1 54% f. o.
b. ; afloat to arrive. Options took more bull
ish turn to-day after opening off on Liverpool
cables. Shorts covered freely on unfavorable
war . news from, France, prospective heavy
European needs and strength of London and
Paris markets, closed »4«? l jc net higher. No.
2 red May. $1 6201 56, closed $1 56; July, $1 IZ^»
<&1 15. closed $1 15.
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 1895
crop. 304 c; ISS6 crop. 6#7c; 1897 crop, 12@14c;
Pacific Coast, 1895 crop. 3@4c; 1896 crop. 6<&7c.
1837 crop, 12!$j 14c.
WOOly— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— Spelter and Tin continue to ex
hibit relative strength and activity: other de
partments are nervous with quotations more
or less nominal. At the close to-day:
PlGlßON— Warrants were officially called
unchanged, with $6 75 bid and $7 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged. $12 bid. $12 10
TlN— Firm; $14 60 bid. $14 65 asked.
SPELTER— Firm: $4 25 bid. $4 30 asked.
LEAD— DuII; $3 60 bid; $3 65 asked. Lead is
quoted $3 50 by the firm naming the settling
prices for miners and smelters (Western).
— Options closed quiet unchanged to
5 points net higher. Sales 8250 bags, including:
May $5 SO; September. $5 70. Rio— Dull; No. 7
| Invoice, 6«& c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c; mild, quiet;
i Cordova. SH@ls%c.
SUGAR— Raw. strong; fair refining, . 3%c;
! centrifugal. 96 test. 4%c; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts 4400 packages, firm.
! Western creamery, 13%@15c; Elglns. 15c; fac
tory. 12@13c. _ '
Receipts 6400 packages, firm. West
ern, 10%o; Southern, 10% c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, May 20.— California dried fruits
| were strong. -: . ■- .■
i EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6@Sc per
pound: prime, wire tray. B@SV4C: wood dried.
I prime. 9%09%c; choice, 9Hc; fancy, 9Vi<B'loc.
I PRUNES— 4OB%C. n/=i _
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@10c: Moorpark. 10@12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@Bc; peeled, 12@14c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May Wheat was helped chief
ly by Paris gossip of cold wet weather and
estimated Continental requirements, which
were reported to be 50,000,000 bushels for the
next ten weeks. There was also some gossip
as the likelihood of a prolongation of the
French tariff suppression. Statements on this
point have been conflicting, some apparently be
lieving that an extension to August or Septem
ber 1 Is possible. Liverpool cables were »s^
2%d lower. The wet weather in the wheat
growing sections of the United States gave
rise to some apprehension of rust, which is
more destructive to the wheat plant than cinch
i bugs or locusts. A novel feature was intro-
I duced by an attempt of one or two bears to
! do some business in the June delivery at -so
I Teat a discount under May price as to create
! a weak feeling In the latter deliveries. The
price bid for June was $1 11% to begin with,
hut there was none for sale, and then brokers
for the controlling interest took the matter up
and without mincing matters bid Jl 35 for June,
and from that to $1 40 without discovering a
seller. That at once disposed of the little June
by-play May was for sale to a limited ex
! tent at from $1 42 to begin with down to $1 40
and back again to $1 43. The dullness for the
trade was the chief local encouragement to the
: bears. There was a report current that a
French party was trying to buy a large parcel
of cash wheat from Lelter. and this had a
strengthening influence. July wheat started
lie lower to %c higher at Jl 06%01 07%, ad
vanced steadily to $1 09. and closed $1 08%. Sep
tember opened H'SVic. better at 89®89%c, rose
Ito 89% c and closed at 89% c. May and June
j closed at $1 45.
< Heavy rains In most of the corn States with
more predicted to-day had a bullish influence on
that cereal. July closed %c higher.
Oats ruled firm with corn, but trade was
light and featureless. July closed %c higher.
The provision market was fairly active, weak
with any selling, but rather firm with any
buying orders. Pork closed 10c higher, lard
5@7%c lower and ribs 7%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 142 1 45 1 40 145
July 107% 109 105% 108%
September 59% 89% 8814 89%
December 84% 84% 83% 84%
I Corn . No. ".... 35% 35% 35% 35%
Kay 3f.% BK SSH 35%
j july 36 36% 35% 35%
September 36% 37 35% 36%
' Oats No. 2— 30% 30% 29% 29%
i May 3 nt i 30»4 29% 29%
July *2 26% 26% 26%
September 23% 23% 23' 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
Tu iy 12 00 12 22% 12 00 12 20
September 12 15 12 30 12 10 12 30
Lard, per 100 lbs—
Ju1y..... 630 6 42% 630 642
September 640 6 52% 640 6 52%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
: July 615 620 6 07% 615
j September 625 6 27% 615 6 22%
i Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour dull: No. 2 spring Wheat. $1 18; No. 3
spring Wheat, f. o. b.. Jl 10®l 30; No. 2 red.
' $1 42; No 2 Corn. 36% c; No. 2 Oats. 3"c; No. 2
I white, 32%(!?33c; No. 3 white, 31«32%c; No. 2
i Rye, 63@6<%c: No. 2 Barley, 42'ri4Se; No. 1
Flaxseed. !1 37%@1 38; Prime Timothy Seed,
1 %■> SO«2 90: Mess Pork, per bbl. $12 10@12 15;
Lard, per 100 lbs, J6 4013-6 42%: Short Ribs Sides
(loose) J*ifTfi 43; Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed),
5@5«4c; Short Clear Sides (boxed), $6 60-56 80.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments. .
! Flour, bbls 15.4") 7.000
Wheat bu 133.400 101.300
Corn, bu 437,700 636,100
Oats bu 341.100 303.
Rye.' bu 10.800
Barley, bu 23.900 2.235
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 12<315c; dairies,
US? 13c. Eggs firm; fresh, 9%c. Cheese steady:
creameries, 9@9%c. _____
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 130,980 * 25,410
Duluth 314.360 54.000
Milwaukee .... 18.860
Chicago ,*133,458 101,315
Toledo 157.173 191,000
St. Louis
■ Detroit 15.502 ' 25.042
j Kansas City 66.000 50,000
' Totals 866,353 449,767
; Tidewater
Boston 37.590 31,919
New York 305,250 190,290
Philadelphia 9,157 8.621
Baltimore .-. 94,768 135.5T.1
New Orleans 152.001
Totals 446.765 518,682
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 65 75 54 90
Closing 66 45 , ■ 55 00
Flour
Opening 30 15 24 95
Closing 30 10 25 00
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES. .
May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening- '..£ -10 6 7 11% 72%
Closing ...■■■■ 10 3%. 79% 7 IT,
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 20.— CATTLE— Prices for
cattle were steady and "averaged 10c 'higher
than last week. Western fed steers, 54 35131
4 85; choice Texans, $4 85; beef steers, $/i@s 25:
cows and heifers, $4 65@4 75; canners, $3 25®
3 60; calves. J5 75@6 75.
HOGS— The demand for hogs fell off and
prices declined 10@15c. Fair to choice hogs.
$4 35@4 .'.O; packers, J4 05@4 35; butchers', J4 20
@4 45; common to choice, $4 10@4 40; pigs, $2 75
<i/>4.
SHEEP— The receipts of sheep this week
have fallen 6000 head behind last week, and
both hheep and < lambs have advanced 10@20c.
Clipped sheep, $3 25<?4 40; clipped lambs, Jl@s;
woolcd lambs, $5 10@5 50; spring lambs, J6O
6 7.1.
Receipts— Cattle, 2500; hogs, 32,000; sheep,
0000. ■ - ■ ■. -
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, May 20.— CATTLE— Receipts,
4000. Market steady; native steers, $3 76@4 95;
native cows and heifers, $2 75'3>4 85; stockera
and feeders, $3 900-5; bulls. $3 30@4 75.
Receipts, 22.000. Market 10@20c lower.
BulK of sales, J4 05®4 30; heavies, $4 20-34 40;
packers, *4'(7»4 SO; mixed, $3 95@4 30; lights,
$3 BMM 10; pigs, $3 25@4.
' SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market firm; lambs,
$3 7566; muttons, J3 35@4 35.
OMAHA.
■ OMAHA. May 20.— CATTLE— 2000.
Market stronger; native steers, $3 90©4 SO;
Western steers. >?, 75@4 35; cows and heifers.
$3 30@4 35; stockers and feeders, $3 90 '<t 5 10;
bulls and stags, $2 75^3 SO.
HOGS— Receipts. 7500. Market 10@15c lower;
heavy, $4 25@4 37; mixed. J4 25@4 30; light,
$4 20«54 26; bulk of sales, $4 20@4 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1100. Market steady; fair
to choice natives, J3 80®4 25; do Westerns,
$3 60@4 20: common and stock sheep, J3©4;
lambs, $4@5 25. . -
DENVER.
DENVER, May 20.— CATTLE— Receipts, 900
Market steady; beef steers, $3 80@4 30; cows,
$3@4: feeders, freight paid to . river. J4@4 50;
stockers, freight paid to river, J4@4 60; bulls
and stags, %'2(n3.
HOGS— Receipts, 200. Market weak: shade
lower: light packers, J4 25@4 30; mixed, $4 20®
4 25; heavy. $4 10@4 25.
1 SHEEP— Receipts. - 100. Market steady; good
fat 1 muttons, $3 25@4 70; lambs, $4 60@5 20. :
FOREIGN MARKETS.
, LONDON, May 20.— Consols, 111; V»««r." 26%;
THE SA"tf FRANCISCO CALL, SATUBBAT, MAT 21, 1898.
French rentes. 102f 65c. ■
LIVERPOOL. May 20.— Wheat dull; No. 1
standard California wheat. 52s 6d: cargoes off
coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet: English country markets, easy;
wheat in Paris, dull: flour in Paris dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-16 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; July. 10s
3%d; September, 7s 9»*d; December. 7s l%d. .
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, quiet, os
9d; July quiet, 3s B'4d; September quiet, 3s B%d.
FLOUR— Fancy winter dull, 13s 9d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. May 20.— local wheat mar
ket is quiet. Walla Walla has been sold as low
as 90c. and small transactions In valley were
made at 92c. Round lots would bring more,
but exporters refuse to quote above 9-c lor
club and 94c lor valley and bluestem.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. May WHEAT— No. 1 bluestem,
96(g97c; No. 1 clu>- 93@94c.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, May To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $205,273,976; gold reserve,
$174,623,325. ZWv __:
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, May 20.— COTTON— Quiet;
middling, 6T»c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, May 20.— Exchanges, $272,816;
balances, $33,800.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. May 20.— following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at 89 cities for the week ended May 19.
with the percentage of increase and decrease,
as compared with the corresponding week last
year: Percentage
Inc. Dec
New York $793,103,280 47.1 ■ ••-
Boston 97.269.489 4.9
Chicago 117,892.659 41.5
Philadelphia 72,684.669 26.4
St. Louis 28.661.437 12.2
Pittsburg 16.444.711 16.3
Baltimore 19.175.641 48.2
San Francisco 17,168,987 29.1 ....
Cincinnati 12.721.900 .... 4.4
Kansas City , 11.849,616 1.8
New Orleans 7,232.530 16. ....
Minneapolis 12.052.474 73.1 ....
Detroit 6.332,173 13.3 _y....
Cleveland 6,963,547 13.4 ....
Louisville 6.86M88 ••■■ ■ *•*
Providence 4.56G.500 ....
Milwaukee 5.477.852 3.4 :••...•
St. Paul 4.138.052 31.9 ....
Buffalo 4,317.546 .... 1.5
Omaha 6,115,853 39.
Indianapolis 6.237.690 28.1
Columbus, 0 5.202.600 43.9
Savannah 1.935,644 9.1
Denver 2.677.663 2.8 -.-
Hartford 2.447.223 11.1 ••-
Richmond 2.109..XS 1.8 \ : ....
Memphis 1.933,130 29. .-.; ... r
Washington 2.017.391 4.0 ",•-•.
Peoria L 706.081 . 29.9 ; ....
Rochester 1.705.523 10.9
New Haven 1.793.946 82. 6 .....
Worcester 1,578.815 10.1 ;-'... v
■ Atlanta 1.151.520 ....
l Salt Lake City 1,535,531 16.
Springfield. Mass.. 1.233,591 ....
Fort Worth 1.683.03.'. 25.6
Portland. Me 1,352,632 5.
! Portland. Or 2.047.844 141.3
St. Joseph. 3.452.044 204.6 . ....
Los Angeles 1,434.131 17.0 ;/....
Norfolk 96LMS 9.9
Syracuse 1.274.261 31.2
! Dcs Moines 1.-51.2.4 25.1 -.V.v
Nashville !«w.775 11.3 >-vv
Wilmington. Del... 842,857 13. ; . : .;.v.
I Fall River 771.450 2.3
Scranton 984,694 35.1
Grand Rapids 925.986 23.7 ;...".
Augusta, Ga 606.485 20.4 ....
Lowell 688.517 5.7 ....;
Dayton. 0 712.032 2.8 -«....;
I Seattle ~. 1.296,770 136.5
I Tacoma 1,082,883 121.1 ' . :.; : .\"Y.
Spokane 875.698 60.0
. Sioux City 786.992 36.3 ...:..
. New Bedford 607,179 62.1
Knoxville, Term... 521.320 36.3
Topeka 655.990 53.0 ; .i..
Birmingham 417.973 11.5
Wichita 518,244 67.5
Binghamton 341.700 3.6 ....
Lincoln 3:6,777 15. 2 ....'
Lexington, Ky 289,481 .... 4.6
Jacksonville, Fla.. 197,630 .... 12.8
Kalamazoo 374.594 36.9
Akron 2M.fiofl 25.7
; Bay City 223,344
Chattanooga 341.932 23.1. ..;.
Rockford. 11l 236.571 10.7 :-".T..": -".T.."
Canton. 0 206,fi00 15.0
Springfield. 0 190.696 19.4
Fargo, N. D 210.716 68.0
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 86,036 109.7
Hastings, Neb 123.277 73.2 ' ....
Fremont, Neb 104.583 108.0 ....
Davenport 592.728
I Toledo 3.149.763 125.8
' Galvpston 4.138,408 .... 2.3
I Houston 4. 613 9.1 ....
Youngstown 275.000 .... ....
Macon 414.0*10
Evansville 986,273
Helena 579.000 — —
Totals, U. P.... 51,325,691,871 36.1
Totals outside New
York 527.588.591 .... 2.7
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $12,797,403 7.6
Toronto 7.874.958 15.2
Winnipeg 2,123,809 72.2 ....
! Halifax 1,221.679 8.2
Hamilton 693,835 16.6
St. John. N. 8..... 615.681 1.8
Totals $25,827,365 13.5
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK, May 20.— Bradstreet's to-morrow
! will say: The excellent foreign demand at
j good prices for most products of American ag
j riculture constitutes as for some time past the
leading feature of the country's trade. Second
only to this and of necessity forming an im
portant link In the chain of good trade may be
mentioned the almost uniformly good crop situ
ation, furnishing the best evidence that foreign
demands now and In the future will be ade
quately met. The immense balance of trade
already piled up in this country's favor con
stitutes an element of strength which. In Its
effect on the money market, can hardly be ex
aggerated. Naturally dependent upon and mere
ly a phase of the forcing demand is the activ
ity visible In nearly all lines of transportation,
showing that this industry, like others,
is sharing to the full In the preparation of busi
ness having its rise In our heavy export trade.
! An increased willingness to regard the exist
ing war as merely an Incident in the country's
business seems evident in the trade reports re
ceived this week. The volume of bank clear
ings, reports of railroad earnings, the move
ment of prices and the reports received from
the Iron and steel trades all seem to concur in
indicating a maximum volume of business for
the period of the year, with even greater hope
fulness manifested than for some time past
as to a continuance of favorable conditions.
There are, it Is true, some features indicating
that the present trade conditions are not uni
versally favorable. - While the reports as to
the winter and spring wheat crops, both as
regards acreage conditions and prospects, seem
to favor unprecedented yields, advices from
the foreign crops are hardly as favorable, ow
ing to continued wet and cold weather tend
ing to check germination. There seems little
doubt, however, that the acreage In corn will
I be very large this year, and that Its increased
; value as a food product will be more -univer
sally recognized both at home and abroad. In
manufacturing lines the reports from the wool
en goods trades are no more favorable, except
where the stimulus of army orders Imparts ac
tivity to some lines of manufactured products
and raw materials.
Business failures for the week number 211, a
falling off of 39 from last week and compared
with 245 In this week a year ago, 214 In 1896 and
206 in 1895.
Business failures In the Dominion of Canada
aggregate 36 against 25 last week, 21 ' in this
week a year ago, 2S In 1896, and 25 In 1895. '
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. May 20.— R. O. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade to-morrow will say:
Growing accustomed to war possibilities,
which are mostly far from probabilities of evil
and finding the country moving: along steadily
in its Industries, people are#grasping the idea
that It Is throwing away some months of ac
tive and profitable life to wait until the war
clouds have passed. Western prosperity has
so greatly overbalanced the timidity of Eastern
capital that the actual business done In
creases; railroad earnings promise better for
May than a month ago for April, and pay
ments through clearing-houses for the week in
May show a gain of 36.0 per cent over last
year and 7.5 per cent over 1892, while a month
ago the incn-ase over last year was 33.6 per
cent, and, compared with 1892, there was a
decrease of 7.2 per cent. Several large con
tracts, kept back for some weeks because of
hostilities, have now been placed, and Instead
of works closing or reducing force returns
show the starting of some works long idle, and
Increase of force and of hours at others. Gov
ernment work occupies many establishments,
but it counts for little compared with other
demands. The key of the situation Is the pros
perny of the West, which the altogether un
precedented marketing of breadstUffs has
caused, with the prospect of good crops to
come. These prospects and actual receipts of
wheat, amounting to 5,876,716 bushels for the
week, against 2.439,169 bushels last year, with
advances also in other grain and cattle, have
produced a demand for rails, cars, car ma
terials, agricultural Implements, boots and
shoes and all textile goods which was not
anticipated from Eastern indications. Exports
of wheat do not diminish, but In three weeks,
from Atlantic ports, flour included, have been
7,955.586 bushels, against 4.778.742 bushels last
year, and from Pacific ports 1,738,123 bushels,
against 610.C37 bushels last year. The price of
May wheat fell 4Vi cents on Saturday, rose 7o
to Tuesday and closed 5%c higher for the
week.
In iron, notwithstanding the greatest output
ever known, the demand has caused some ad
vance In Bessemer pig. with only a slight de
cline in the price of Gray forge at Pittaburg,
but full quotations are obtained at Chicago
and Philadelphia. In bars and sheets the
markets are dull, but at the West are strongly
sustained by demands for car building, tin
plate manufacturei and other uses. In plates
and structural forms all the works are fully
employed and generally crowded for months
ahead. One contract for 6000 tons of armor
plate for Great Britain has been taken by
works far Inland with another of smaller
quantity, showing that the export demand, in
spite of higher ocean freights, is not yet ar
rested. Tin Is sustained at 14.50 cby large
consumption and lake copper at 12c In spite
of American production amounting to 2^.909
tons for the month. 10 per cent larger than
last year, with a slight decrease In the pro
duction of foreign mines. .  .i...
The textile works are doing rather* better
even than the cotton mills In spite of their
over production, for some of large Importance
have recently started again and print cloths
are a sixteenth higher. Numerous woolen
mills have been pushed to new activity by
Government orders, and prices for a few
grades of goods are better with a stronger
tone in the market generally, although some
mills of importance have stopped as their or
ders for the season have run out. while sales
of wool are small, 6 335.900 pounds for the three
weeks past, against "7 963.700 pounds last year,
the manufacturers have ample stocks although
some are obliged by Government orders to seek
in the market grades of wool which they had
not expected to require. _. , „_
Failures for the week have been 250 In the
United States against 268 last year, and 19 In
Canada against 35 last year.
BRADSTREET'S FIXAXCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, May 20.— Bradstreefs Financial
Review will say: Waiting for a decisive action
between the hostile fleets In the West Indies
has had a tendency to restrict speculation and
keep the public out of the stock market. Lon
don has been a fairly constant seller of stocks
here, and the market at times has appeared
weary and overbought: yet the undertone has
been strong, the bear element cautious, and
the tendency of prices was In the main toward
a higher level. The professionals, which for
the time being control the speculation, are In
fluenced more or by a belief that a vic
tory of any deci'--' character would result In
a sharp advance, and the London selling is un
derstood to proceed from a speculative uneasi
ness due to fears about the genera! state of
European politics and not to a distrust of the
position here or the chances of the United
States In the war. Spain's securities. It may
be observed,, show renewed weakness, the
Spanish fours in London falling from 3'% to j
32^, while the gold premium at Madrid after |
dropping to 74 has risen to 89.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 84
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 87H
New York Exchange, sight —
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 67*4
Mexican Dollars  — 46V4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There was another rapid decline all
along the line, with a falling off in business
on call, and but little doing on shipping ac
count.
Spot Wheat was nominal at the following
quotations: Shipping, $1 65; milling, $1 70®
1 75 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session —9:15 o'clock — Df>«emh»<-—
8000 ctls. $1 57V4: 4000, $1 58; 4000, $1 57%; 64.000,
$1 67%.
Second session— December — 40,000 ctls. $1 55;
6000. $1 64%: 2000. $1 54%: 6000, $1 61«4: 4080,
$1 54>4; 10.000, $1 54: 12,000, $1 M'j: 4000, $1 64%.
Regular morning session— December— l4,ooo
Ctls, $1 56: 6000. $1 r..i 7 »: 2000, $1 56\; 10.000,
$1 56%; 20 000 $1 57- 14 (mo. $1 66V, 6001. $1 66%:
18,000, $1 57V* ; 25.000. $1 67%; 10,006, $1 5~%; 2000,
$1 57};. May— 2ooo, Jl 67%.
Afternoon session — December — 18,000 ctls.
$1 68%; 16,000. $1 68%; 12.000, $1 58V-: 12,000,
fl 68%; 4f>oo, $1 58: 2>**>. $1 57%; 2000, $1 67%.
BARLEY— The decline continued, both on and
off call.
Feed, $1 25@1 27%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December — 2000
ctls. $1 18: 8000. $1 16; £000. $1 16H-
Second session— December — 18,000 ctl?. $1 16^i;
4000. $1 16%; 10.000. $1 16; 16,000, $1 16Va-
Regular morning session— December- -2QB§ ctls, I
$1 17 1 -: 4000, $1 17%: 6000. $1 IS; 8000. $11**4;
12.000. $1 18%; 6000, $1 is%: 2000, $1 18%; 6000, j
$1 18%; 12.000. $1 19: 2000. $1 18%.
Afternoon session— December— ctls, $1 19'<.;
2000. $1 19%: 12,000, $1 19%. .
OATS— is nothing new to report, trade
being quiet.
fancy Feed. $1 42 1 -'s'l 45 per ctl; good to
choice, 61.299140; common. $1 30@l 32V4: Sur
prise. $1 4Mii 50; gray. $1 32V4«?1 37H; milling.
$1 3601 42% per ctl.
CORN— Is dull and featureless at unchanged
prices.
email rcund yellow, $1 25 per ctl; large yel
low. $1 nTi. f!\ 10: white, $1 07Vi@l 10 per ctl.
RYE— sl 8601 tt% per ctl.
BUCKWHhAT-tl 7601 So per ctl.
FLOUR AND M.ILLSTUFFS.
!■..■ ■ •, -
FLOUR— Family Extras, $6@6 10; Bakers' Ex
tras, $5 75@5 85 per bbl. ■-
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3. per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour. $6: Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal. i s 4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy. $3 2&08 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4^4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Farina. $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25;, Rolled Oats (barrels). $5 80
<g6 20; In sacks. $5 60@6: Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $1 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The only thing, new In Hay was a sharp de
crease In the receipts from outside points. The j
market was steady. .«vfv
Another half dollar was lopped off Bran.
Rolled Barley is lowar.
BRAN— SI7OIB per ton. .
MUiW,!M.tS— y.i 50ftj23 SO per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $28 per ton; ,
Oilcake Meal at the mill. *31<<231 oO; jobbing. !
$32<5?32 60; Cocoanut Cake. $24®25; Cottonseed
Meal. $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $24 50; Cracked
Corn, $25.
HAY— (Ex-car In round Wheat. $20@ !
25; Wheat and Oat, $20<?T23 60: Oat. $18020;
Barley, $16018 50; compressed Wheat. $21@24;
compressed Oat, 818020; Alfalfa. . $12 50@13 50;
Clover, nominal- Timothy, $17@18.
NEW HAY— Wheat, wire-bound. $17(520: vol
unteer wild Oat, $15^16: Clover and Oat, $13.;
Barley, $16; Island Barley, $13@14; Alfalfa,
$12fi-13 50. . ; ■ .:,-v
STRAW— per bale; Oregon, 50@60c.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are dull, and the feeling is rather weak
than otherwise.
BEANS— $2 90@3 05; Small Whites,
$1 8502 10; Large Whites, $1 90<&2 05: Pinks,
$2 6".'ii2 75; Reds, $3; Blackeye, $3 75; Butters.
$l 76492; Umas, $3@3 10; Pea, $2@2 15; Red Kid
neys. $2 65®2 85 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 25@2 50 per ctl: I
Yellow Mustard. $3 1608 25; Flax, $2 25; Canary \
Seed, 2%02%c per Ib; Alfalfa, 306 c; Rape, 2%Q
2%c; Hemp, 2 3 i<ii3c: Timothy, s@sUc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75@2; Green, $1 90@
225 per ctl. - - : ;. :.. ..-.-
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plant brought 12V41J15C per
lb, Green Peppers 20c ajid Tomatoes $1 75@2 per
box. *
Green Peas continue to decline. The other
Vegetables are steady. There Is no further
change in Potatoes and Onions.
POTATOES— River Keds. 40©50 c;, River Bur
banks, 60@75c per sack: Oregon Burbanks, 75c@
$1 10; Petaluma Burbanks, 60@75c per sack: new
Potatoes. IV<i-''»c per Ib.
' ONlONS— Australian Jobbing at $4 50Q>5; new,
60(3700 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 4*l boxers As
paragus, 2SI boxes Rhubarb and 391 sacks Peas.
Asparagus. $;> 251&2 ■'" lor extra large: $1 7502
per box for NTo I. $I*W * n for small: Rhubarb,
35@50c per box for small to good and 60(3>75c
for extra choice; Green : Peas, "bcr^l 25 per
sack; Garden Peas, 2<g;2Hc per It>; String Beans,
8(g>llc; Wax Roans, 8@10c: Horse Beans. 25@50c
per sack; Summer Squash, $1 2. r ><?f2 per box;
Dried Peppers, 6@7c per It); Dried Okra, 12% c:
Cabbage, 65@75c per ctl; Carrots, 3O'r?sOc per
sack; Cucumbers, 30c@$l per dozen; Marysville
Cucumbers. $1 75®2 25 per box: Mexican Toma
toes, Jligl 60 per box; new Garlic, s@6c per It).
>KA YKI> ViSGKTAHIiBS—
Potatoes sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@lSc: granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; 1 Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POTTLTRY AND GAME.
Old stock, no matter of what kind. Is neg
lected and weak at low prices, but young fowl
sell well. Hens continue to glut the market.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lOigllc for Gob
blers and lOffTlic for H»ns; Geese, per pair,
75c@$l; doyllriKs, $10123; Ducks, $3(ff<3 50 for
old and WB4 50 for young; Hens, $2 50®3 50;
Roosters, young, $S@9; Roosters, old, «<3>
3 75: Fryers, {fiftT- Broiler*. $4 Sfi^s 50 forlarc;!-.
$2@3 for small ; Pigeons, Jl 25@1 75 per dozen
for young and flifl 28 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
Butter continues to decline. Eastern Is
being offered freely here at weak prices. There
Is no change In Cheese and Eggs.
BUTTER—
Creamery-— Fancy creameries, 20c; seconds,
19c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, lSWlS^ic; common
grades, 16ft 17^c per lb.
Eastern Butter — Imitation creamery. 16(3>
16>4c; ladle-packed. 15@16c per lb; Elgin. 18@
19c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 9<s9^c: Cream
Cheddar, 10@lic; Young America, 10V4@llc;
Eastern, 12<gl3c.
EGGS— Ranch Ekks, 14<?T1«c per dozen; store
Eggs, 13%@14c; Eastern. 14@14Hc; Duck Eggs,
16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUB FRUITS.
Wateonvllle berries sold at auction at $1 50®
2 50.
Strawberries went to smash, partly owing
to heavy receipts and partly to their poor
condition, owing to the recent rain. Cherries
were in free supply and weaker. No Currants
came in. Supplies of Apricots were more libe
ral and they were rather weak.
Granges are still higher.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 793 chests of Strawberries and,
1523 boxes of Cherries.
Strawberries. . $1 25@2 60 per chest' for large
and $2@3 50 for small berries in baskets, and
$4^4 50 for loose. - ;
White Cherries. 20@40c per box; black. 40®
75c; Royal Annes, 75®90c. -
Currants, per box.
Blackberries, $2 25 per crate.
Apricots 40c@$l per box. and $1 per crate.
Gooseberries, ■ Kg 2^.c per Ib for common and
4&iQsc lor English.
Newcastle Raspberries,' $1 Bo@l 75 per crate.
Apples, 40@50c per : box for • common, 75c(£e$l
for srood to choice and $1 25@1 50 for fancy. .
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 75@3;
Seedlings,' 75c@$l 25; Lemons, 50c@$l for com
mon and $1 25@2 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $4: California Limes, in small boxes,
40@50o; Bananas. $1 25@2 per bunch;. Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen.
' \ m
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
If the present quiet but steady absorption of
goods continues the market will be all cleaned
up before the new crop comes forward.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lot* 4%(£
Be for 40-50' s. 4>4'B'4V4c for 50-60's. 3%@4e tor
60-70' s. 3U@3V4c for 70-80' s, 2%@3c for 80-90' S.2VS
@2V4c for 90-100's; Peaches, 3@sc; fancy, 6UQ'
6c; peeled. 10@12%c; Apricots. s<9'6^c for Roy
als and 7@Sc for good to fancy Moorparks-
Evaporated Apples. 7&@Sc; sun-dried, 4' 2 i(iso :
Black Figs In sacks. 2@2V4c; Plums. 4H04%c
for pitted and lv«@l^c for unpltted; bleached
Plums, s<§b\ic; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2%(ff4Hc for quarters and 3@sV.c
for halves/ according to color, etc.
RAISINS— U4@2c for two-crown, 3c for thrf»e
crown. 3%c for four-crown, 4^c for Seedless
Sultanas. 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and %\i&
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2V£c.
Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per TV
"Walnuts, Sig^c for hardshell and 4@6c for soft-
Fhell; Almonds, 3@4c for. hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell, B',*!(o9c for paper-shell; Peanuts 4©
6Hc for Eastern and 4%c for California;' Pe
cans, 6%@Bc; Filberts, 9&@10c; Brazil Nuts,
B^9 per tb; Cocoanuts, $4 50*35 per 100
HONEY— Comb. 9@loc for bright and 6^7'.
for lower grades; water-white extracted. i'-.-j'j
6c; light amber extracted, 4%<foVic per Ib '
BEESWAX— 24®26c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
All descriptions continue firm and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9c pc" IT) for
heavy, 9V4c for light medium, 10\4* f.-ir light,
lie for extra light and 12@12V4c for sugar cured:
Eastern sugar cured Hams. 10-^igllc; Califor
nia Hams. J>H@loc; Mess Beef. $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess B<"-' I; Family Beef. $12; Salt
Pork. $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17@17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef. 12<g>12V4c per
lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per IT)
for compound, and BV2C for pure; pails, 9\4c;
California tierces, s'^c per Ib for compound
and ~\zc for pure; half barrels, 7%c; 10-Ib
tins. BV*c: 5-Ib tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE Tierces. 63i'@6&6e: packages,
less than 300 lbs — 1-Tb palls, 60 In a case, BTjc;B T jc;
3-rb palls, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-Ib palls. 12 In a
case, SVic: 10-Ib palls, 6 in a case. B%c; 50-Ib
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
rbs net, 7*gc; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7V4c per Ib.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
I. IDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about le under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium. B^@9}sc; light, BV4@9c;
Cowhides, S%@9&c: Stags,' sc; salted Kip, 9<§
9%c; Calf, 10c; dry Hides, 16c; culls and brands,
12©13 c; dry Kip and Veal. 16@16^4c; dry Calf,
186019 c; culls, I«i?il7e: Goatskins. 30i537V 2 c each;
Kids. sij?Joc: Deerskins, good summer, 25®30c
per rb; medium, 20c: winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20@25c each; short wool. M(fJsoc
each; medium. 60<r?S<V; long wool, 00c@$l 10
each: Horsehides, salt. J2ff2 50 for large. $150
(J7 2 for medium and 75c@$l for small; Colts.
&0(??75c: Horse hides dry, $1 50®2 for large and
$101 2.' for small; Colts. 2.Vgsoc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3(i?3%c per Ib;
No. 2, 2@2'4c; refined, 41-s@4%c;4 1 -s@4%c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. San Joaquln. defective, 7®
9c: Southern Mountain. 9@llc;free Northern,
17*? l?-. ='.r-\P;- :
HOPS— IS 97 crop, 9@12%e per ID.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE. ;
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; "Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin. $1 S5.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Welling
ton, $?• b^vthfleld Wellington, $7 X); Seattlf.
ff>, Bryant. $6: Coos Bay, $5; Wallfeend. $7 r.O; ,
Cumberland. $10 25 in bulk mi Ml .V) lii jacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel. $10
per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate. $7 60; !
Coke, 512 per ton In bulk and $14 in sacks.
RlCE— Chinese mixed, $4 56©4 60 per ctl: No.
1, JSig'S 10: extra No. 1. $5 20@5 80; Hawaiian,
J6: Japan, $5 7.i'fffi; Rangoon,' $1 75; Louisiana,
$5 75(f/6 50. . '.;.•"■'
'SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7.": Powdered, 6«4c; Dry-
Granulated. s*»c; Co- feet loners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A. sV>c: Extra C. fi.^c; Golden C, s>4c: ,
Candy "Granulated, 6c: California A, 5Hc per !
Ib; half barrels Me more than barrels, and
boxes %c more. ■. -
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT M. .iKET.
The situation remains unchanged. Pork being
firm and the other descriptions steady. .
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, Cc; choice. 6'£c; second
quality. 5Hc; third quality. 4@sc per Ib. ;
VEAL— Large. 4(55c: small, s<g6<r per tb.
MUTTON— Wethers. SC'SVic; .;wes, 8c per Tb.
LAMB— Sprinr. B®SUc per Tb.
PORK— Live Hogs. ?.^'S3 »c forltrge; 4®4Uc
for medium, and 3V»®3Hc for small; stock
Hogs. 2@3c; dressed Hogs, • 5%@6'/ic.
RECEIPTS O^ PRODUCE.
For Friday. May 20.
Flour, qr sks .. $.2*l '■ Paper, reams ... 166
Wheat, ctls 9.44s Errs, doz .: 17,490 [
Barley, ctls 47 Leather, rolls ... 164 [
Corn, ctls 7."! Pelts, bdls 45 .
Cheese, ctls ..... 44 Hides, no 302 ;
Butter, ctls 4 >2'Hay, tons ....... 300 j
Beans, sks 93 (Straw, tons ..... 21 j
Onions, sks 1.185 ' W001, bales ..... 320
Potatoes, sks ... -IRS 1 Raisins, bx 20 |
Bran, sks ....... 2.63.S I Wine, gals 47.200 ;
Shorts, sks 211 Brandy, gals .... 2,725
OREGON. .
Flour qr sks ... 9SS Shorts, sks 186
Wheat, ctls 1,980 Barley, ctls 1.243
Hay, tons 10
EASTERN.
Com. ctls 400 I
UTAH. :
Hay, tons 30!...
NEVADA.
Hay. tons 20! •
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
The fmlt market is gaining new accessions
in the way of early fruits every day, and Cur
rants, Blackberries and Raspberries can now
be had in small quantities, though they are
still dear.
Meats and Poultry remain about as they
were.
Eggs are rather dearer. There is no change
In Butter.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton—
CannP l | <ffi2 00' Castle Gate.. 9 60®
Wellington . @10 001 Southfleld
New Welling- ! Wellington 09 oO
,on OIOOOICoos Bay 0 7 00
Seattle 8 00® 1
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy per Common Eggs — — <?15
sauare 40#45 Ran. h Eggs, per
do per roll 40<@— doz 17^@2Oc
Do' good K9 Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal 10®12 lb 12015
Cheese. Eastern. .lo©2o Do, extracted... 6(8(10
Cheese, Swiss 20030
Meat?, per pound-
Bacon 12@17 Pork, fresh 12@15
Beef choice 12(515 Pork, salt 10@12
Do good Bfq~W Pork Chops 12(flo
Corned Beef B#lo Round Steak ....10«i—
Ham Cal 12V? K" Sirloin Steak ..12ViCrf>—
Do' Eastern ....—:«!.• Porterhouse, do ..17®20
Ijar(l 12i5i;i Smoked Beef ....— <gls
Mutton -gld i'ork Sausages ..— -g'2o
Spring Lamb 12(3— 1 Veal 12<815
Poultry and Game —
Hens each 40@ 60 Turkeys, pr lb 15® 1«
Young Roost- Ducks, each . 50<j# 75
ers each ... 75@1 «0 Geese, each ..1 25(3>2 00
Old ' Rooster*. Pigeons, pair. 26® 50
each •• *<*& 501 Rabbits, pair. fd> 40
Fryers 'each... 60®. 75 Hare, each ... ® 20
Broilers, each. 4(*3> 50J
Fruits and Nuts—
ADricots per rb..-10@12| Oranges. do« ....15@40
Almonds, lb \Va .ls i Raspberries. P^r
Apples, lb ••>s' s ! basket 12@lo
Bananas, doz ... .I^B2o] Raisins, lb uj^lu
Cherries per 1b. .. 5@ 15 1 Strawberries. Pr
Gooseberries, 1b..4@8| drawer 20@35
Lemons doz .... 2iVn 2s l Walnuts, lb 15®—
Limes, doz 10<gl2|
Vegetables—
Asparagus. tt> 4@ 8 Lettuce, das ....15025
Artichokes, d0z...K^25 Dried Okra, 1b....-@2O
Beets doz i2(Sln Onions, lb 4© 5
Beans white, lb.. 4® S Peppers, green. ..25@35
Colored lb 4ifi> B Potatoes, lb 2® 3
Lima lb 5® <> Parsnips, doz 151920
Cabbage, each .. MM Rhubarb, lb <£ 5
Cauliflowers each 5<9>10 Radishes, dz bchs.lo<ai2
Celery, bunch .... 5@- Saare. lb 25iff-35
Cress, doz bchs..2o®23 String Beans, 1b..12@15
Cucumbers. dz.oOcfil 25 Thyme, lb 20M30
Green Peas, 1b.... 3<S 5 Turnips, doz ....15®20
Lentils, lb 6<(t) 8 Tomatoes. lb ....10@15
Fish, per pound-
Barracuda B@lo Shrimps B®lo
Carp 5«j ;8 Shad 6@ 8
Codfish SSIO Sea Bass — $10
Flounders 6® 8 Smelts 10012
Herring — ®— Soles B<§io
Halibut 10®12 Skates, each .... srcfio
Klngnsh — «10 Tomcod 10«r-
Mackerel 12<|— Clams, gal — @50
Do Horse — <B>— Do, hardshell, 100.40<f?.M>
Perch inra— Crabs, each 10015
Pompano 7R«?1 00 Do softshell, d5..25@3b
Rockflsh WU Mussels, qt io®l2
Salmon, smoked.. vxir- Oysters. Cal. 100.., v ,, t —
Salmon fresh .... B©W Do, Eastern, d0z. 250140
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks are lower again, the decline
In several being more marked than of late.
Local securities wen In fair demand. Oceanlo
Steamship sold up to $55, against $50 as the best
figure of the preceding day. Hawaiian Com
mercial was lower, declining to US 25.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the j
Mayflower Gravel Mining Company has been |
called for June 1 for the purpose of consid- I
erlng the expediency of raising funds to open
up and develop the mine.
The Antolne mine in the Slocan district. B. j
C, has paid $63,000 In dividends to date, and is ;
about to declare another.
The Cariboo Gold Mining and Milling Com
pany of British Columbia has declared another
dividend amounting to $16,000. To date the
company has paid $204,965 in dividends.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Company ;
has declared its regular monthly dividend of j
50 cents per share, payable June 1.
The Bullion-Beck Mining Company of Utah
paid a dividend of 10 cents per share, amount
ing to $10,000, on May 16.
The Boston and Montana Copper Mining Com- i
pany paid a dividend of $3 per share, or $450,000 !
yesterday.
The De Lamar mine of Idaho paid a divl- '
dend of $11">.200 on the 9th. the first this year, j
making $2,451,600 to date.
The New York and Honduras Rosarlo mine j
paid a dividend of $15,000 yesterday.
The Homestake Mining Company has de- '
clared its regular monthly dividend of 25 cents '
per share, and an extra dividend of 25 cents per .
share payable May ft.
The official letter from the Justice mine for |
the past week says: The south drift started '■
from the station at the top of the winze has
been advanced 20 feet, following the ore men
tioned in the last weekly report. From this j
drift and from the north drift on the 80 level j
we have hoisted during the week 1414 tons of j
ore. the car samples of which averaged, gold, |
$27 34, silver. $15 07, total. $42 41 per ton.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodle
for the week ending May 14 the usual explora- j
tory work was done in the New, Security,
Moyle, Bullion, East, Station, Black. No. 10,
A. Maguire and Fortuna ledges on the 150, 1
old 200, 318, 470. 528 and 582 levels. The usual
amount of fair to high grade ore was extracted
from the stopes in various portions of the mine, i
No material change is reported in the general j
condition of the property.
Standard mill statement — Ore crushed for the j
week, 262% tons; average assay vanner tail
ings, $9 95: concentrates poduced, 3 tons: as- :
say value, $219 66; plate amalgam produced, 1306
troy ounces; value per ounce. $1 81. Tailings
plant No. 1 worked 466 tons tailings during the ,
week; riant No. 2 worked 405 tons tailings.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. May 20—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 464 43
4s quar c0up.. 1094111 Pac Gas Imp.. S5 86
4s quar reg...108 109 Pac I, Co 50 —
4s quar new...121%122V4 S F G & E... 85** 86
Miscellaneous— San Fran Mfc —
Cal-st Cab 55.114%115te Stock Gas U —
Cal El 6a 125 — Insurance —
C C Wat 55... 99 100 FlrerrTs Fund. 1924 —
Dup-st ex c. — 98V- Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65.. 1264 — " Anglo-Cal .... — 65 I
F& Cl Ry 65. 1124 — Bank of Ca1.. .243 245
Oeary-St X ss. — 98 t'al SD & T.. 944 954
HC & S 545.. 100 105 First Nat 205 —
L A LCo 6s. — 100 Uon P & A.... 139 — j
Do cntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 16 ;
Market-st 65.. — 126 N'ev Nat B 1524160
Do Ist M 55..1i:*i114 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — »7V4 Or S & L.. — IK.O
N C Ng Ky 75. 103 — Hum S & L.1060 1160
NRy Cal 65. .107 — Mutual Say. — 424
NRy Cal 5s .10014 — S F Say U.. — 500
NPC R R 6s. 100^ — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC Rli 53.100 — Security SB. 250 —
Oak Gas 55... 100 — I'nion T Co. 955 —
Do 2d is os.. 107 — Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 12.'!%123\ California ....108 1094
P & O 6s 110 — Geary 40 —
P&CI Ry 65..1U7 — Market-st 514 —
Powell-st 65. ..116 — Presidio 74 9
Reno WL&L..IOO - Powder—
SacElec Ry 55. 100 — California 115 160
S F & X P r.s.lO6Ulfi7 X Dynamite... 85 —
SierraßCal 6s. — 103 Giant Con Co. 434 44
RPBr 6s 109VM Vignrit 3 3%
S P Cal rs... — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. — 9« Al Pac Assn.. 92 93^
SPof Ar 65.. 103 — Ger Ld Wks.UO —
S V Wat 65...116»4 — Hana P C 0... 10 HVi
S V Wat 45...1«2 102. H C * S Co.. 18% 18^
Stock Gas 65.. — lU3 Hutch S P Co. 4*% 4514
Water Stocks— Mir iCx Assn. 00 —
Contra Costa.. 55 60 Vat Yin C 0... — 7
Marin Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 54»i 55
Spring Valley. loo 100% Pac A F L.... 14 2>4
Gas & Electric— Pac B<H Co 100 102
Cent Gaslight. 105 - Par Patnt Co. 1 —
Mutual El Co. 1_ 12
Morning Session.
2iVt Oceanic Steamship Co 50 25
10 do do 50 374
120 do do 50 50
40 do do 50 624
150 do do 51 00
l.j Giant Powder Con 43 75
21' Hawaiian Commercial &. Sugar IS 50
25 do do > 18 374
330 do do IS 25
5 Hutchinson- S P Co 49 on
5 do do 48 75
$1000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 50
$1000 S P of A Bonds 103 25
Stroet—
25 Bank of California 244 00
Afternoon Session.
10 California Safe Deposit 95 50
, 275 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 18 25
25 -do do >;■'. .".:v.lß^£H
120 Hutchlnson S P Co.. 4S~.
■ 5 Ms rkot-street Railway ..........;...„ 51 50
10 Oceanic Steamship Co . 54 00
50 do do 55 00
If, do do 54 BT%
25 do do 54 624
25 " do do .' 54 50
90 do do 54 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 50
.10. do do 85 75
$1000 S P of A Bonds •♦ '.103 25
ISOVlgortt Powder '..: 3 124
Street—
■ bO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 18 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
* Morning; Session.
35 Oceanic Steamship Co ..: 50 00
Afternoon Session.
25 Market-street Railway C 0....... 52 00
' 25 Oceanic Steamship Co ...;... 54 00
Street—
40 Hutchinson S P Co 48 574
40 do do T 49 00
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 50 50
30 do do 50 7a
5 do do 5100
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 25 j 200 Savage 11
100 25 600 Sierra Nevada.. 4S
100 Choi 15 300 Union Con OS
350 16 500 Utah 05
1150 Gould & Curry. IS 100 Yellow Jacket... 22
550 Potosi .. '. 1"? I •
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia 15|S00Ophir 34
500 Choi lar 17|100Potosl IS
350 Con Cal & Va.. 50 1600 Savage OS
300 48 100 Sierra Nevada.. 43
♦to Gould & Curry.. is 200 42
300 Mexican IS '.'o Union Con ...... 08
100 Occidental ...... 90 roo Utah o.'.
Following were the sales in ihe Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
SOOAlta 14 100 Ophir .......... . # 34
200 Caledonia 1S;SOO 33
fOOChollar • W. too Savage 11
300 Con ml & Va.. 52 200 Sierra Nevada.. 48
100 Hale & Norcrs. 761200 Yellow Jacket... 22
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 08 600 Justice .......... 10
$00 Belcher.. 08 200 Occidental 90
400 Best & Belcher. 25 £00 Ophir 33
200 Caledonia 13 POO Overman .-. 07
500 Challenge Con... OS 200 Potosl 18
400 Con Cal & Va.. 50 TOO S B & M 06
•00 .....'. 49 200 Sierra Nevada.. 47
100.... **>™> 44
500 :..... ••• «'■»« ...... ..'....:; 42
200 Confidence 40 !00! 00 Union Con 08
100 Crown Point..... 09 850 Yellow Jacket... 22
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. May 20—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. & Norcrs. 76 80
Bid. Ask. Julia _ oi
Alpha 02 03 justice ...- 09 10
Alta 10 V Kentuck .„ — 01
Andes OS OS I Lady Was* ... : — 02
Benton Con ... 06 OS Mexican 17 19
! Belcher 07 OS Occidental ..... 85 —
j Best & Belchr. 25 26 Ophlr 32 34
I Buliion... 05 06 Overman' ...... 07 08
Caledonia 14 15 Potosi 17-18
Chollar .. 15 16 Favage 08*- 09
Challenge Con. 07 09 ,^eg Belcher ... 05 OC
Con Cal & Va. 47 48 Scorpion — 02
Confidence ...... 40 45 Sierra . Nevada. .40 42
Con Imperial .. — 01 flilver Hill —■■ 06
Crown Point .. 08 10 Syndicate — 04
Con New York. — 01 Standard 1 —150
Eureka Con — 20 Union Con! 07 08
Kxchequer, —20 Union Con 04 06
xchequer — 03 Utah 04 06
ould & Curry. 18 19 Yellow Jacket. 20 21
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May. 1898.
We
4
11
ITh.
5
i 13
Sa.
14
21
©Full Moon.'
I K*) May 5.
.o-Last Quarter
V& May 12.
I / Sew Moon,
W May ML
Moon's Phases.
8
15
IT
16
23
•nt Quarter
May 28.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Offlce located In the Merchants' Kxchange, la j
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of I
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th«
offlce. where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, (lungers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar*
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether th« time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any, U
published the same day by the afternoon pa
nera and by the morning papers the following
day j. t. McMillan,
Assistant in Charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Yaqulna Bay.
Office of the United States Lighthouse Inspeo
tor. Portland. Or., May 17. IS9B. t,-_i_
Notice is hereby given that the Channel RocK
buoy No. 0. a red second-class nun which
marks Channel Rock, has g.--ne adrift from .
Its position. It will be replaced as early M \
practicable. . i
This notoce affects the List of Beacon* and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 197. page 42.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. L. F ltiK.,
Captain. Corps of Engineers. Inspector of
Thirteenth Lighthouse District.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Sur****
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort PolnV, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.-The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) a^ 0"*0 "*
twenty -five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both place*.
MAY-tw. '
. saturaay, may *»• 4-jv3
r1W^5. ........... .....•••--•••--"■•••••"■■•" <j,yf
.rg^ : : ::::: : : — -r. : ::r::::::::>aWS
?|Tl m e| Feet JTImo| Feet |Tlme| ireetlTlme'pU
3)L W. H Wi T, W: iH W
0:U4! — O.m
6:»0 —0.6
7:17 -0.5
H W
0:2.' 5.1
I 1:04 4.9
2:6.»
L W
7:54
8:32
».8|
I 5:221
6:UI
«i:45
!H W
! 3:36
! 4:14
I 4:47
3.2 HU*
8.4 U:M
8.6
L. W
4 3 7:40
4.4 8:44
4 6 *:.'>4
8.5
8.5
j —0 21
0.0!
NOTE.-In the above exposition of the tide*
:he early morning tides are given In the left
land column and the successive tides of th»
iaj In the order of occurrence as to time. Th*
=eeond time column Rives the second tde of
he day, the third time column the third tide.
md the last or right hand column give* thj
ast tide of the day. except when there are but
hree tides as sometimes occurs. The Height*
riven are 'additions to the sounding* on tn«
united States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
md then the number given Is subtracted from
:he depth given by the charts. The plane of
•pferenre Is the mean of the lower low
BTKAMKK.I TO AIIHIVB.
Ptkamkr.
urm»
t.-.rbuck
ristol
.rcat.k
oinona
olon ..
rene«nc City •
hllkat
'reiron
ity Pucbia. . .
•(Her Jebsen...
[omor .
Nanalmo - •
Panama
Coraox
Coos Bar
Sun Dieg-o •
Panama —
Orescent Cltr....
Eel River
Portland
Victoria A Pujret Sound . .
Nanaimo
Newport - .
Yaquina Bay
Humboldt
Honolulu
Hum do la :
Portland
San lMe?o : .-
Tacoma...
Punrst Sound
Portland
Alaska
Victoria & Pusret Sound. .
Newport ..•••
Portiana
Chi am -Tanan
May 21
May 23
May 23
May 33
M.iv 23
M-iyM
May 23
May 24
May 31
May 25
May 23
May 25
May 25
May 25
May 25
May 2T
May 21
May 2*
May 28
iimoa
eal.uiclla
rlznba
oiumoia
»nta Ko*»a. ...
[acklnaw
?nator
niton
[organ City..
la Walla
oos Bar
tateor Cii
hlna
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
fTItAMKB. i
ATIOX!
Sails.
Cty Topeka
| Coos May..
Omatllla...
State of Cat
I Cleveland..
, Arcata .. I
i Pomona.. ■ . 1
' rhuiiat ... j
Norm Fork !
i Orepon ....I
i Homer.. . .
! Tillamook.
1 City Puebla
j Fulton
1 Orizaba.. ..
Columbia..
9ani.-i Rosa
: Colon
i Doric
' Groe Dolla-
Pupet Sound..
Newport
Vie &. Pfrt Sna
Portland......
! Pugre; Sound..
I Coos Hay
1 San Die?o....
] Humboldt.. ..
Humboldt ...
i Portland :
Newport
Alaska
Vie & Pur «no
Oregon Ports.
iiumoolJ. ....
Portlana
San Die?o ...
Panama
Chlna&Japan
Alaska .
May 21.10 AM
May 21. 9 am
May 21. 10 AM
May 21. It) AM
May 'ii. 9AM
May 23. 10 am
May 23. 11 Aii
May 23. 2 pm
May 24. 9 am
May 24. 10 am
May 25. aAM
Mar 25.
• May 28. 10 AM
May2t>. 9am
May 2-i. 10 aw
' May 2 . 10 AM
May 27. 11 am
May 28. 12 m
May B. 1 pm
I May ■■■'■<
Pier 11
Pier »
Pl«r 11
Pier a
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 3
Pier 12
Pier 11
Pier "i
Pier 'J
tMer 12
Pier 11
PM S3
PM SS
!
THE TIME BALI*.
j Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 3. N.. Mer
chants" Exchange. San Francisco. May
! 20. IS9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
1 exactly at noon to-day — 1. c.. at noon of th»
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Greenwich
: time. C. P. WELCH.
Ensign. U. S. N., in charge.
shippii a nii;i,i.ii.i:\(t:.
ARRIVED. ' • ' .'
Friday. May 20.
Stmr Washtenaw. Croscup, 80 hours from Ta
! Stmr Willamette. Hansen, 81 hours from Seat-
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett, 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Jewel. Madsen, IS hours from Caspar.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 23 hours from Eu
reka.
CLEAR-D.
Friday, May 20.
Nor stmr Titanla. Egenes, Nanalmo; John
Rosenf eld's Sons. ■ W"
Stmr City of Topeka, Thompson, Seattle;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Umatilla. Victoria and Port Townsend;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. „„._,',,
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, .San Pedro; Goodall.
Br ship Glenard. Turner. Portland; A Tur-
Ship Tacoma, Dais, Blalne; Alaska Packer**
Bark Rufus E Wood, McLeod. St Michael J
Alaska Yukon Trans Co. T ,_...,
Schr Mary Dodge, Hansen, Kahulul; Alexan
der & Baldwin.
SAILED.
Friday. May 20.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz. •
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka.
Nor stmr Titania, Efrenes. Nanalmo.
Ship Reaper, Young, Comox.
Bark Oermania, Pearson, New Whatcom. ,
1 Schr La Gironde, Smith. Grays Harbor.
I Schr Mary Dodge. Hansen, Kahulul.
Schr J Eppinger, Colstrup.
Schr Laura May. Hansen, Everett.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC. . v
POINT LOBOS May 20, 10 p. m.— Weather*
i cloudy; wind, SW; velocity. 8 miles.
CHARTERS.
The C F Sargent loads coal at Seattle for this
port; Two Brothers, coal at Departure Bay,
for this port.
SPOKEN.
April Lat 10 12 S. long 34 41 W, stair show
ing letters L M P D. probably stmr Laurada.
from Philadelphia, for San Francisco. —
I May 3— Lat 50 N, long 19 W, Br ship Falls of
Af ton. from Newcastle, Eng, for San Francisco.
May B— Lat 24 N, long 22 W. Br ship Vlmelra
I from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 19— Schr San
Buenaventura, from Redondo. -
FORT ROSS— Sailed May 20— Schr La Chllena
for San Francisco. _
j f PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 19— Stmr
Alcatraz. from Newport. .„
To sail May 20— Stmr Alcatraz, for ; stmr
Tops' BAY-Tai^d May 20-Stmr Newsboy.
i fO EUREKI-Sa4le O d May 20-Stmr Chilkat. for
San Francisco; schr Alice, for San Pedro; stmr
P RiA f -^rlved e May 20-Stmr Lakme. ho
M tvH; stmr Columbia, hence May 18; bktn
Chehalis. for Sydney; stmr Oregon, for San
! FI T\T?H°*H- Passed May 20— Stmr Mackinaw,
I hence May 17, for Tacoma; stmr City of Puebl*
| Walla Walla.
| he sailed 4a May 20-Schr Doncaster, for halibut ■
I bi GRAYS HARBOR^-Arrived May 19-Schr San
I Buenaventura, from Redondo; May 20-Bkta
I M A l rblEG C 6^Ar a y ived May 20-H B M »tmr
i IC VENTURA— Sailed May 20— Schr Monterey,
from" Bowens Landing. :
M\RKOWSTONE-Arrived May 19— Bktn
1 Mary Winkleman hence May Edward Parka.
I USAL— Sailed May 19— Schr Edward Parke,
i f °FORT F R^|si C May 20-Schr La Chll-
CI REDONiSO-^Arrived May Stmr Grace Dol
lar from Usal."
SAN PEDRO— May 20— Schr Lille
bonne, from Eureka. '- .
TATOOSH— Passed May 20— Bark Tidal Wava
i from Tacoma.
TACOMA— Arirved May 20— Bark Undaunted,
hence May 3.
: FOVEIGN PORTS
" HONGKONG— SaiIed May 18— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver. •" " • !:;,•
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived May 17— Br
ship Waterloo, from Brisbane to load for San
Francisco. .
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 19— Br bark In
vernelll,' hence Jan 16.
• • TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NAPLES— SaiIed May 20— Stmr Britannic for
New York. -. . • . ..
-Arrived May 20— Stmr Fulda, s from New York
I SOUTHAMPTON— May 20— Stm Fuerst
I Bismarck, for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed May Stmr Europe
for London. '
Arrived May 20— Stmr Nomadic, from Liver
pool. -
! ■ -APLES- May 20— Stmr Kaiser Wil
helm 11, for New -York.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed May Stmr Saarn
i dtim. for New ; Yorjc. ' • , .
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed May Stmr Bovlc foi- V
New York. ' r Tf a'Xf-rrnt i tt^Jl WMn liiijn ' m
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed ; May 20-Stmr Waes
land. for Philadelphia. : . '• •.-.:-
CHERBOURG— SaiIed May 20— Stmr Puerst
Bismarck, for New York. : ..
- ROTTERDAM— Arrived May 20— Stmr Werk
endam, for New York, . ™NALL AND
ARMSTRONG
MAKE REPLY
Assert Innocence and
Ask a Trial.
POINT A FINGER AT BROWN.
THE ACCUSED REFERS TO THE
POT AND THE KETTLE.
A Stormy Meeting of the Church
Deacons at the Commence
ment of the Hearing
of the Case.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 20.
That defendants, and each of
them, deeply regret that this un
fortunate matter has taken the
course it has, but now deeply feel
the innocence of the accused must
be made patent to all, and that in
this connection, for the good of the
Church, the interests of Christianity
and the elevation of the Christian
ministry, said E. Francis Brown,
nnw pastor of said Thirty-fourth
Street M. E. Church, must be and
hereby is publicly, and on the
ground hereinbefore set forth,
among others, charged:
1. Of corrupt, negligent and par
tisan administration.
2. Of falsehood and immorality.
3. Of high imprudence and un
ministerial conduct.
And defendants demand that full
inquiry into said charges be made,
and that defendants go hence with
out delay.
Defendants further say they, and
each of them, have endeavored to
lead a consistent Christian life, in
accordance with the spirit, as well
as the letter of the law, and that
no fault with said Xall or his ad
ministration of affairs in his charge
has been in any way found, until
in pursuance of the conspiracy ad
verted to this action was malicious
ly brought against him.
GEORGE C. NALL.
CHARLES ARMSTRONG,
Defendants.
H. D. TALCOTT,
Counsel for Defendants,
&o<j Broadway, Oakland.
Such is the conclusion of the sensa
tional answer filed at the trial to-night at
the Thirty - fourth Street Methodist
Church by the two men who are "being
tried for immorality by an ecclesiastical
board.
Among other things, the answer con
tains the following paragraphs:
"Allege that said George C. Nail has
not been in the home of Hattie F. Long,
in such charges mentioned, since the
summer of A. D. 1596. when, as he was
passing on business, said Hattie P. Long,
from either the steps of her home or near
its front gate, accosted said Nail and
asked him into her home. That said Nail
did not remain but for a few moments;
that the conversation was general; that
no proposal such as is intimated in said
charges was made or thought of; that
the tenor of the remarks or said Hattie
F. Long was such that saia Nail formed
the opinion that said Hattie F. Long was
not discreet, and when he left said house
he felt any free association with said
HatUe F. Long would be unwise, at least.
"That some time thereafter said Hattie
F. Long made statements against said
Nail to the pastor of said church, Key.
G. H. Jones, similar and of the tenor of
the charges now made and hereinbefore
referred to, and that said statements had
been fully investigated by said pastor,
Rev. G. H. Jones, and found to be with
out foundation and false.
"That until au^r 'ii, c September con
ference in 1597 the church was at peace
and the internecine conflicts which had
disgraced it seemed a thing of the past
unaer the kind and able pastorate of Key
G. H. Jones. With the advent of Rev. E.
.brands Brown, in September, 1897, there
came a rapid change, and a small, irre
sponsible faction sprang up, headed by
said Brown and one Mrs. jfanny Arnold
who have fanned the embers of contest
ana brought about a situation that is
most unfortunate in every respect for the
church and the cause of Christianity
"That thereafter said Brown was in
formed that witnesses from his own
church in Winnemucca, Nov., had sever
ally stated he had insulted, by improper
proposals, one of his parishioners there
Mrs. Alfred Cook, and had also in said
btate of Nevada been guilty of similar
Improper conduct.
' "That said Brown stated he wished all
this kept quiet, and that If it was he
would withdraw all charges made That
In pursuance of this plan said Brown pro
cured the attendance at his house of said
N all and his wife and said Armstrong
and his wife, and in their presence with
drew all charges and stated in that con
nection that Mrs. Hattie F. Long had
lied to him, was a bad woman, and that
be (Brown) would not believe her in any
thing, and that if Mrs. Long had not
signed certain papers he would have
read her out of the church.
"That after said charges had been with
drawn as aforesaid, said Nail, in the in
terest of peace and quiet, and wishing to
escape the constant friction and annoy
ance he had been subjected to, tendered
voluntarily and in the best faith his res
ignation as superintendent of the Sunday
school. That thereafter said board al
most unanimously refused to accept said
resignation, and before the adjournment
of said board passed a set of resolutions
without a dissenting voice, of which the
following Is a copy, to wit:
" 'At a regular meeting of the Sunday
school board of the Thirty-fourth street
M. E. Church, held Friday evening, April
1, IS9B, the following resolutions were
passed:
" "Resolved, first. That the Sunday
school board heartily approves of the
manner in which the Sunday school has
been progressing under the leadership of
the present superintendent, George E.
Nail.
" 'Resolved, second. That we feel in
Brother Nail we have ' a competent and
worthy superintendent, and one who has
always been found faithful. at his post of
duty, to which we attribute largely the
success of the school. . . • ■ .
■ " 'Resolved, third. That the services of
pis wife, Mrs. S. Nail, have been and are
invaluable to the good of the school.
Resolved, fourth. That these resolu
tions be spread upon the minutes of this
meeting:, and that the secretary be re
quested to forward a copy of the same
to Brother and Sister Nail.
_' 'LESTER B. HISCOX. Secretary.'
mat thereafter said Brown procured
the charges herein to be formulated and
filed, not only in fulfillment of his said
scheme and conspiracy, but in fulfillment
of his public threat uttered at said meet
ing of said Sunday school board, that 'if
the -oard did not accept Mr. Nail's resig
nation as Sunday school superintendent
they would be sorry, and it would involve
several of the best families, and the board i
would be greatly surprised at the amount
or nastiness it would bring: un ' "
George Nail, Charles Armstrong and
heir attorney withdrew from the hearing
this evening, after a hard fight The
chairman, Rev. A. T. Needham. "refused
to allow the attorney to read his amended
answer, as given above, and the supple
mentary answer regarding the giving out '
3 f information regarding the trial £?■s£ i
Brown. The first hour was spent wran- i
fling over the hiring of a stenographer, i
Mr. Talcott wanted 3 his chosen reporter ■
and Mr. Brown had also secured one
Finally. Miss Willis, the pastor's choice.'
was selected. Then came (he question of
?ay and the mode of procedure. .
The Political Code was quoted at
ength. I'.ach of the members of the board
ivere requested to testify that they had
tept their oath of secrecy. Then Mr Tal
;ott charged Mr. Brown with giving his
alctura to the paper, - and Introduced a i
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
THIRTY THOUSAND ARE EXPECTED.
President Arper's Final Appeal on Behalf of the Inter-County
Tunnel Day.
OAKLAND, May 20.— Nothing has been left undone to Insure the success
of Tunnel Day at the Emeryville track by the merchants and enterprising
citizens of two counties. Not a word has been said against the proposi
tion, and it has been pushed with all the energy possible. It Is expected
that with the small balance in hand enough will be raised from the enor
mous crowd that will attend the last day of the races to build the tunnel
that will open up a new commerce and lead to the development of vast
tracts of valuable land in Contra Costa County.
This morning President George W. Arper of the Merchants' Exchange Is
sued the following address:
SS To the Citizens of Alameda, Contra Costa and San Francisco Counties: Tunnel
55 day at the racetrack, what does it mean to Oakland? It means that the whole city,
rm the.' rich and the poor, the banker and the mechanic, the merchant and the manu
™ faeturer, m? and all, can lend a hand and contribute a dollar to complete a great
•o commercial highway between two of the best' counties in this State. It means that
£• they can do this and at the same time have a delightful half holiday and outing,
o» worth the full face value of the dollar contributed.. It means that by the united
£° effort of all. who can easily afford it, .the natural barrier, the "everlasting
• 5 hills" which rise up to a height of seven hundred • and fifty feet, separating Ala
23 meda and Contra Costa Counties like a gigantic wall, can be pierced by a.large tun
2* nel. thus breaking the blockade which has existed since time begun to record ms
5, beats upon the pulsations of this old world. It means the development of new com
*s mercial possibilities to the manufacturer and the merchants, • and a new » our «« °*
SS pleasure to all who enjoy a delightful rid© into the country. It means tnat every
S3 person who owns a carriole, a buggy, or even a bicycle, can enjoy their dollar over
SS and over again., and each one can say to himself as he passes over the road into
£ the beautiful- canyons and fertile valleys beyond. "I helped to build this great
a highway." It means not profit alone to the tradesman of every line, .but a .new
S3 source of pleasure to all who can take a day's outing, . and It Is to be hoped that for
£ once Oakland can unite to work. or. more correctly, play for ÜB^ half day n t0 _ h^
c, the good cause along. The tunnel will cost about $25,000, and If 25,000 people will make
58 up their minds to assist the project by contributing one dollar each the object will be
X aCC T^e"road' completed, will be an everlasting source of profit, pleasure and pride
£ and will endure as long as the rock-ribbed hills shall stand The money expended in
S? this work will go into the hands of those who need it most, the laborer and his i family
23 and will prove to them a veritable boon In these . times of unusual depression and
£• hardship. Who can tell how many heavy hearts will be lightened and how many
■ tear-stained eyes brightened by the employment thus provl^ 7 „„...■■ »* •«- .
*' So come, each and every- one who can, "put a shoulder to the wheel and have a
SS share in this good work. You will be proud of It when it is done. _
2? We appeal to all to help, for while a few may do something by great- effort the
c. many c£i do much with but little effort. It is hoped that all business houses will find
SS U p^sible to close for a few hours on "Tunnel Day." in order that employer and
2? impWe may have the opportunity of assisting this work If they are so disposed The
£* larger your business the more you will be benefited and the better you can afford to
™ close. The merchants spoken to are willing to close "if the other fellow will and
"° so it has ever been in Oakland that the other fellow will not close if he thinks he can
83 Dick up a few cents from a customer or two who may find his regular trading place
ct closed So here is the difficulty, and to that other fellow we appeal to close and Join
with his competitors for the general good and assist In swelling the road fund which
•3 will enable trade to the extent of thousands of dollars annually to flow Into Oak
s' land over an easy grade, into the coffers of the other fellow as well as of all others.
£♦ Times are hard, but strain a point, the money will return a hundred fold. •
J GEORGE W. ARPER, President Merchants' Exchange.
SS ' : , ' • .
-opy of to-day's Call containing the ver
jatim copy of the charges. on the de
fendants™ satf he, "and I .have that de
fendants™ said Be, -and I have that and
lave had it all of the time., •...,.
Mr. Brown admitted giving Wsrjplcture
iwav for the sake of an old schoolmate
jut claimed that he was promised that it
would not be used In connection with the
church troubles. the first witness, being
Mr. Np.ll was the first witness, being
iross-examfned. He said in part: 1
asked Mr. Brown on one occasion. Do
irou know Alpha Crook of Cloverdale?
He was holding a book at the time. Ho
Iropped it in astonishment, saying, YVhat
are you giving me? 1 I told him Mrs.
"•rook had told me that he had made im
proper proposals to her. He then asked
one to say nothing, about the affair.
Here Rev. Mr. Bovard objected to this
mode of testimony, and Mr. Talcott de
clared that he was going to prove that
the pastor was "conspiring, lying and im
moral." He charged Brown with neglect
Df duty, and declared it an outrage that
this affair, two years old. which was set
tled by Jones, should be brought up. Con
tinuing, Nail testified that Brown said,
"If you will say no more about this affair
[■will withdraw all charges against you.
An attempt was made to introduce reso
lutions commending Nail passed by the
hurch. but Mr. Needham ruled them out
if order. Then Mr. Nail was ruled out of
he room and a storm ensued. Taking his
iat and coat Mr. Talcott declared that
without the defendant's presence he could
lot conduct the case. They withdrew, and
he chair appointed Van .Every. to repre
;ent the absent defendants. Mrs. Fanny
Arnold, Mrs. Long. Mrs. ■ Maddox, Miss
Collins and Mrs. E. F. Brown were called
n turn. The case will be continued on
Saturday night. 
Long was around the church to-night
vlth a revolver in his outside coat pocket,
■md declares he will use it. Armstrong
ilso carried one, and says that at the
Irst step or move by Long he will kill
ilm. The outcome of this scandal is any
:hing but assuring, and if the Coroner
s not called for before the end comes
nost of the participants will be surprised.
GAVE ALL SHE HAD.
Death Summons Mrs. M. M. Gray
After a Long and Useful Life.
OAKLAND, May 20.— Mrs. Mercy M.
Gray, the widow of the late Rev. E. H.
Gray, who for ten years was pastor of the
First Baptist Church of this city, died at
6 o'clock this morning from heart failure,
superinduced by the debility incident to
her advanced age. Four years ago the
coming Sunday morning her husband
passed away, after a lingering illness.
Mrs. Gray was one of the most remark
able philanthropists of this country. Oth
ers have given much, but this woman
gave all she had. It amounts in total to
over a million dollars. She left nothing
no will, no property for probate; every
thing was given away, and she has lived
for years upon a large income from an
nuities which terminate at her death. Her
money was all her own. and not left by
her husband, as inadvertently appeared
in to-day's issue.
Besides the gifts recorded In this morn
ing's Call she recently deeded In trust to
the Baptist church two houses, 1067 and
1069 Brush street, and a house at 763
Twelfth street, valued at over $30,000, as
a nucleus for the creation of a fund for
the founding of a Baptist Theological
Seminary on the Pacific Coast.
The deceased was born in Mansfield,
Mass., December 26, ISIB. She married J.
A. Fay, the noted inventor. In her early
age. He died about forty years ago.
Twenty years ago she married Dr. Gray
in Washington, D. C. They came here
eighteen years ago, and served the Bap
tist churches In San Francisco and Oak
land as pastors.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
President E. A. Heron of the Board
of Trade Announces Them.
OAKLAND, May 20.— President Heron
of the Board of Trade announced the fol
lowing standing committees at this
morning's meeting of the directors:
Exetutive committee— James P. Taylor, M. J.
Keller, J. Tfrrill.
Auditing and finance— R. C. McMulHn, C. R.
Root, George B. M. Gray.
Water front improvement — Edpon F. Adams,
George W. Fisher, James P. Taylor, E. C. Ses
sions, John A. Brltton.
Consolidation— Sol Kahn, J. F. Towle, M. J.
Kfllpr, James S. Nalsmith, F. K. Mott.
Programme for open meetings— A. H. Breed,
M. J. Keller, D. E. Collins.
Parks and boulevardu— E. C. Sessions. A. D.
Pryal, M. J. Keller, D. E. Collins, James P.
Taylor.
Streets and roads — J. A. Brltton, M. J. Kel
lar, James P. Taylor.
Lawa find legislation — John Yule, Edeon F.
Adams. M. J. Keller, R. M. Fitzgerald. W. V.
Wltcher.
State Board of Trade exhibits— J. B. Emery.
J. AY. Nelson. CraiKif Sharp.
Tunnel road to Contra Costa County— Edson
F. Adams, E. E. Bunce, F. K. Mott, J. E.
Johnston.
Railroads-J. P. Taylnr. M. J. Keller, J. F.
Tfiwle. W. V. Wltcher. B. W. Marston.
Resolutions— H. J. Branthaver, E. A. Hsron.
Craigie Sharp.
Manufactures— J. Terrlll, H O. Trowbrldge,
H. C. Coward, P. N. Remillaj-d, E. W. Mars
ton.
More Diphtheria in Berkeley.
BERKELEY, May 20.— Louia Cassello,
the five-year-old son of Peter Cassello
of the Peralta School district, died on
Wednesday of diphtheria. His 13 the sec
ond recent case in the district. His
brother, Nicholas Cassello, is also ill— it
is feared with the same disease.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, May 20.— The Berkeley
Gazette, which has been published for
some weeks past as a morning paper, will
reappear as an evening paper next Mon-
The First Congregational Sunday
School of Berkeley will hold a picnic to
morrow on the university grounds.
The commencement exercises of the
Deaf and Dumb and Blind Institution will
be h«ld in the chapel of the institution on
June 1. The number of graduates will be
unusually large this year.
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY, MAT 21, 1898.
ONE WITNESS
NOW BEAD.
Eslaba's Trial Proceeds
With Difficulty.
DOCUMENT STILL MISSING.
JUDGE OGDEN ORDERS THAT A
COPY BE USED.
The Slayer of Charles Gates Is Not
Going to the Gallows if His
Attorneys Can Save
Him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, May 20.
Joaquln Eslaba's trial was commenced
to-day and the greater part of the morn-
Ing was occupied in argument between
Deputy District Attorney Church and ex-
Judge Frick, who, with W. B. "White,
represented the defendant, as to the
proper procedure of the court. The origi
nal copy of the indictment has been lost,
and although the law declares it must
be read to the Jury, it could not be found,
and Attorney Frick objected to a copy
of it being used. The District Attorney
introduced an affidavit along with the
copy, but the prisoner's counsel demanded
that the letter of' the statute be complied
with, but eventually they were overruled.
For the purpose of obtaining permission
to substitute the copy for the orginal, Mr.
Church placed on the stand Frank D.
Thompson, the official stenographer, Dep
uty County Clerk T. F. Mock and J. P.
Cook, Attorney Brearty, Attorney Church,
E. H. White and William White, for the
purpose of showing that the original in
formation was drawn up, filed with the
County Clerk, served upon the defendant
and subsequently lost.
Judge Ogden decided as follows: "This
paper shall remain and be treated as the
original information. Proof has been of
fered to show that the information was
filed with the County Clerk and served
upon the defendant. This I believe estab
lishes sufficient foundation for prosecu
tion. The case may proceed."
The prisoner's counsel offered several
objections and noted numerous excep
tions, after which the reading of the In
formation proceeded.
Another sensational incident connected
with the trial appeared when the testi
mony of John Metz, taken at the prelim
inary examination was read. Metz was
one of the chief witnesses for the prose
cution, and a week ago, without any ap
parent cause, he swallowed a quantity
of carboiic acid in his rooming house on
Ninth street, then walked a few blocks
and fell dead on a street corner. This
necessitated using his original testimony,
and as it proceeded several objections
were made by Attorney Frick to various
questions and answers.
Eslaba, after his arrest, was found with
his clothes covered with blood, and ad
mitted beating to death Charles Gates, a
tamale man. He declared that the two
were quarreling at the time and that he
was not the sole aggressor.
To Relieve the Crowded Schools.
ALAMEDA, May 20.— Municipal
League at its meeting last evening dealt
mostly with the 1 question of relieving the
jvercrowded condition of the ' public
schools. The committee . appointed to
formulate a plan of action recommended
that a bonded indebtedness of $50,000 be
created, in addition to the $200,000 already
In existence, and that with that amount
buildings be erected in the two districts
that were the worst sufferers. The City
Trustees will be urged, to call a special
election on the bond proposition.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, May 20.— The Current Event
Section of the Adelphian Club will take
a trip to Tamalpais Saturday morning.
. The grand officers of the Young Men's
Institute paid a visit to California Coun
cil of this city ; last evening. :
TVest End Lodge of United Workmen
has decided to pay the assessments and
dues of any member going to war during
hostilities between this country . and
Spain. ' .■•■•. ■-■-.■'. .":•■';-;
The Health Department will make a raid
on the poison, oak that abounds on vacant
lots about town. There is an ordinance
against permitting.it to exist, and if
property owners do not remove it the
health . authorities will do the work and
charge it to owners of lots where it is
found.
The Paloma Schramm concert last even
ing .at Harmonic i Hall was a great suc
cess. Many had to be turned away.
-- The ladies have made a success of their
plan to give the members of \ the Seventh
Regiment a lunch , ; to-morrow afternoon.
Several hundred baskets will be distrib
uted at the Presidio grounds at 2 o'clock
to the soldiers from the south.
Rev. C. 11. Yatman of New York is
about to commence a series of revival ser
vices in this :- city, ar the' - Park -Street
Methodist Church, to continue two weeks.
William Dean Howells advisee you
how to succeed as an author in next
Sunday's Call.
DYNAMITE
FOUND WHERE
TROOPS PASS
Probing a Mystery at
Emeryville.
A WATCHMAN'S DISCOVERY.
POLICE AND RAILROAD MEN
INVESTIGATING.
Division Superintendent Agler Now
Has the Explosive Found by
Watchman O'Brien.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 20.
The discovery of a stick of dynamite
at the Emeryville depot is causing the
police authorities and the railroad offi
cials much anxiety. The dynamite was
found yesterday morning hidden among
some rubbish in the depot and is now in
the possession of Division Superintendent
Agler.
Much significance is attached to th* dis
covery owing to the fact that nearly
every day trains loaded with troops are
passing through that locality on their
way to the Mole. The dynamite was
found by the watchman when he was
sweeping out the depot.
John O'Brien has been watchman at
the depot for a long time, and part of his
duty consists in sweeping out the waiting
room every morning befora he leaves his
work. As he was doing this yesterday
morning he found a large stick of dyna
mite about eight inches long in one cor
ner covered with a little loose rubbish.
After satisfying himself that it was really
dynamite, lie reported the matter to the
Police Department and the stick or ex
plosive was sent to the Mole, and is now
in the keeping of the division superin
tendent. . . .. .
There Is nothing to show how the dyna
mite came in the depot, and very little
clew exists, so that the hope of finding
the person who placed It there is not
very great The matter is being investi
gated but so far nothing is known of the
manner in which the dynamite got into
Police°Offlcer Rand, who Is on duty at
the depot, is of the opinion that the dyna
mite was placed there for the purpose of
being used when some trainload of troops
should stop. No regular train Btops at
the Emeryville depot on its way to the
Mole except trains carrying troops, which
come in a few minutes behind each
other and are brought to a standstill as
they near the Mole, so that one can keep
clear of the other.
Sudden Death.
ALAMEDA, May 20.— Jennison C. Hall,
president and manager of the Union Lith
ographing Company, of 325 Sansome
street San Francisco, died suddenly this
morning at his residence In this city,
1021 I'nion street. He had been in ap
parently good health and was dressing
this morning, when he fell suddenly to
the floor. Dr. Tifdale waa summoned, but
was unable to render any assistance, and
Mr Hall was dfad inside of fifteen min
utes. Heart disease was the cause. Mr.
Hall was a native of Massachusetts, and
was 58 years old. lie leaves a wife and
three children. The funeral will take
place from the Episcopal church at 2:' M
p. m. Sunday.
Arm Broken by Throwing.
BERKELEY. May 20.— Lawson Shirk.
a twelve-year-old boy residing at 1633
Louisa street, Berkeley, broke his arm
at the elbow yesterday while in the act
of throwing a ball. The lad was play
ing baseball on the sidewalk in front of
his home when the accident occurred.
Dr. J. T. Farrar is attending the boy,
whose injury is painful and serious. The
accident, while not unprecedented, has
very rarely happened to so young a boy,
nearly all recorded accidents of similar
nature having happened to professional
ball pitchers.
Officer McCarthy Dismissed.
OAKLAND, May 20.— Pnllre Officer J.
J. McCarthy was dismissed from the
force to-day by the Police Commissioners
for drunkenness while on duty. He with
drew his plea of not guilty and pleaded
guilty, throwing himself on the mercy of
hie judges. He promised never to again
touch a drop of liquor, hut It did not af
fect the decision. Substitute Officers Har
ry Gilbert, James Brannan and John
Murphy are applicants for the vacant
position.
Money for a Battleship.
OAKLAND, May 20.— Chief of Police
Fletcher is being forced into the position
of trt»;usurer of the school children's fund
proposed for the building of a battle-ship
in the place of the Maine. Already, with
out any request or announcement, he has
received the contributions of eight pupils
of the various schools, the youngest one
being but five years of age. Among them
one proposes the name of Dewey for the
new vessel of war.
Surrendered by His Bondsmen.
OAKLAND. May 20.— The bondsmen of
"Dr." Howland, under arrest on a charge I
of felony, presented him at the Sheriffs I
office to-day, and demanded to bo re
leased. They were accommodated, and
the prisoner was locked up. They mado
no explanations. J. J. Carroll and H.
Mullen were the sureties on a J2OOO bond.
NEW CENTRAL LABOR BODY.
A Western Federation has Sprung
Up — Business of the Council.
At a meeting of the San Francisco
Labor Council, W. J. Macarthur, who wiu
present at the convention of the Western
Miners' Federation recently held in Salt
L<ake City, tendered his report of the
proceedings of that body.
The action anticipated by the local Jbody
was taken, although there was consiaer
' able opposition, and the new body wiU b«
: known as the Western Union Federation.
: Through the agency of Mr. Macarthur
; resolutions opposing Hawaiian annexa
i tion were adopted and copies of them
mailed to the Utah representatives.
The Musicians' Union had its usual
budget of spring and summer complaints
I regarding non-union music being em
ployed by social and fraternal organiza
tions at their picnics. The Fruit and
Poultry Dealers, it was reported, had a
non-union band engaged, but afterward
canceled the engagement arul hired a
union band. The Society of Old Friends
i and the United Danish Societies of this
| city and Oakland have engaged non
union music for their respective picnics,
i and an effort will be made to induce them
I to follow the example of the Fruit and
Poultry Dealers. The delegates were in
structed to Inform their respective unions
that the Imperial Concert Hall still em
ployed a full corps of non-union men.
The Horpeshoers reported trade as unus
ually good, and that it was found impos
sible to find enough workmen to Bupply
I the demand. A request for two horse
1 Bhoers was recently received from tho
i Presidio, but none could be found to take
I the position. *
Salomy Jane's Kiss: A thrilling
new story by Bret Harte begins in
next Sunday's Call.
To Beautify Sausalito.
SAUSALITO, May 20.— An Arbor Soci
ety, having in view the beautifying of tho
town generally and the streets in par
ticular, has been formed here. The Trus
tees were made honorary members, and
all are now at work soliciting subscrip
tions for the worthy undertaking. The
society now. has a membership of over
200 and' acquisitions are being made daily.
LEFT IN A
GREAT HURRY
H. L. Norton Rushes
Away From His Hotel.
HIS WHEREABOUTS UNKNOWN.
FRIENDS SAY HE IS ON A BUS-
INESS TRIP.
Off to Close a Deal That May-
Make or Lose Thousands
of Dollars for
Him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 20.
About a week ago H. L. Norton, one of
the partners in the management of the
Gallndo Hotel, took his grip and without
saying good-by to his partner or his
friends left for parts not within the
knowledge of any one at this time.
All kinds of rumors have been started,
but although no one, not even his wife,
knows where he is at this time, all as
sert that his sudden departure was per
fectly businesslike and proper.
H. E; AJlen, a real estate dealer, has
long been the bosom friend of Norton.and
knows more of his affairs than* any one
else.
"I must admit that Mr. Norton made a
silly mistake in leaving so hurriedly,"
said Mr. Allen to-night, "but he could
not help it. He should of course have
j told hia friends and those with whom he
j was interested in business, but I was
| partly responsible fnr it. L.ast Friday
; night I received a very important letter
| from Mr. Norton. It concerned a big deal
! in which he was Interested, and made it
| imperative that he leave in fifteen min
| utes for Redding.
"I cannot tell you the nature of the
I deal, but it means thousands to him if he
:is successful and he will lose all if it
. prove a failure. I really could not tell
i where he is at present and could not
i reach him by telegraph, if I desired, as he
!is traveling. That is all I know. Mr.
i Norton did not clear out to avoid any
1 thing, and neither did he go away with
' another woman, as I have heard. His ac
' counts are all clear, but this deal was of
j such great importance that he could not
delay even an hour, and of course his
; friends think his hasty departure very
! funny; but it is all right
"I expect he will be back in a couple of
] weeks, but he has such a deal of travel
ing to do that he may be longer."
Mrs. Norton and her children are still
lat the hotel, but cannot tell where Mr.
Norton is Just at present. "About a week
■ ago." said Mrs. Norton tc-night, "my
: husband received an important letter,
and he rushed in to me and kissed p-"
'■ good-by and said he would be back in
i two weeks. All these stories are very un
: pleasant, and I am sure they have no
foundation. Mr. Norton expected to be
called away in just such a hurry, because
he told me he had a big deal in hand.
"I don't know the nature of it, but he
expects much from it. 1 do not know
where he is now, as I hnvo not heard
from him since he left, but I am sure
he will be back in a couple of weeks."
Mr. Renter, who is the partner of Nor
i ton in the big hotel management, says
! everything is in good shape, althoug his
j partner left at a few minutes' notice. He
pays there may be a change in the man
! agement before Norton comes back, but
says such an event is not at all strange.
In the meantime inventories are being
i taken, a representaive of the Galindo es
i tate is on hand, partnership arrangements
i are somewhat complicated, and new par
ties are seeking the lease of the hotel.
CHINESE-MADE UNIFORMS.
That is What Many of the Volunteers
Will Be Obliged to Wear.
A committee from the Building Trades'
Council is investigating a rumor to the
effect that wholesale tailors who have
received contracts for uniforming the vol
unteers are giving Chinatown the prefer
ence in having the goods made up in
order to get the work done cheaper. At
the last meeting of the council it was re
ported that Messrs. Hoffman, Rothchild
& Co. had received a contract for 30,000
uniforms and that the goods were being
distributed among the Chinese for man
ufacture. Much indignation was ex
pressed over the matter, and it was said
that many of the volunteers would refuse
to wear uniforms made by Chinese.
E. 3. Rothchild, when questioned re
garding the matter, said:
"Yes, we have received a large con
tract from the Government and are hav
ing a portion of the work done in China
town, but not from choice, by any means.
The Chinese never patronize us, and there
is no reason why we should patronize
them. We have simply found it impossi
ble to find enough white people who are
willing to do the work, and if anybody
wants to take any of it out all they have
to do is to come here, and we will .give
them all they can do. so long as they are
willing to take it at a reasonable figure.
When we received the contract we were
visited by union tailors, but they wanted
more to do the work than we were get
ting for It ourselves. We have adver
tised for men and women to take , the
work out, but there were so few who re
sponded that we were forced to send a
portion of it to Chinatown in order to
fulfill the contract. I caw see no reason
why they object to our doing this, as
many other firms have been forced to
take the same course. We will give white
men the preference any time." ::- v ;« :
■■m ■ ■
Fetaluma Runaway Accident.
PETALUMA, May 20. — Charles Heidron,
a farmer living near here, was driving
a spirited team through town this after
noon, when the horses became frightened
beyond control and dashed off at terrific
speed. Heidron was thrown from his car
riage, striking on his head on the stone
pavement. He was picked up uneor.^'Mous.
and owing to his advanced age his re
covery is doubtful.
Jeered on the Scaffold.
JOLIETTE, Quebec, May 20.— Thomas
Nulty, who in November last killed his
three sisters and a young brother at
Jtawdon, to make room in his father's
house for the girl he intended to marry,
was hanged here to-day. Fifteen hundred
laughing and Jeering men witnessed the
hanging.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYAD! WATER
HiinjailJtos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA,
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
„ "Speedy, sure, gentle." : UrilishlHedicaUourna'.
CAUTION: Bee Mat the label bears the tigna-
ture of the firm. .. . .!
■■'•■■• Andreas Saxlehner.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<»2oUi;AKXYf*T. : Established 1
Id 1 554 for the tr«unient of rrfvato ;
Disease*, Lost Manhood Debility or •
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cares when ;
others fall. Try him. > Charges low
Cnrciannriinlrfsl. Cull orwrlte.
1 Dr. J. r. tiIBJIOX. Box 1987. 5»n irar.clsca
:■.... •- - . \ ■ . . .- ■-..■■■ ■--.-.•■-,■ . -
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE
RESTAURANT.
BAKERY, STOCK, FIXTURES, CASH REG-
ISTER, IKON SAFE, RANGES. OVENS,
SHOWCASES,- ETC.. ETC..
AT 109 THIRD ST.. ON
MONDAY. MAY 23, AT 3 P. M.
• For. information apply to D. A. CURTIN.
issignee of G. Dplflno & Co., Insolvent debtors,
-oom 24, third floor, Mills building. ; ■
" OCEAN TKAV£L
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
jL^ "■ Steamers leave Broadway
Bpg^.^ . : wharf, San Francisco. •
'! WHK^gte> Fur Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
I lss?Csbe»\ May l - 6 - v 16 - 21 '- 6 - 31 June
' I*. TftW&sSr^ 6 - transfer at Seattle.
I' Sw&raE| ai For Alaskan ports (from
s^HC£f»Rl Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
I r"***l£l§&3a\ -^ay ls - June 5 - 26 - July "•
Aujruat 4. 23, transfer at Port-
For Victoria Vancouver (B. C). Port Towns-
end. Seattle, T:icorr,ii. Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. May 1, 6,
l i« TJ 31 June 5, and every rtfth day
h%r"'fter. connectir.R at Seattle with this com-
Danv's steamers for Alaska and U. Ry.. at
rtcoma r wIS N. P. RV- " Vancouver with
C P Ry *
C For" Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
May 2. 8. 14. 20. 28. Judo 1. and every sixth
d! For Sa e nt" er Cru 2 . Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayuoos. Port Harford (San Luis Obiapo),
3aviota? Banta Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme
Ban Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) j and
Newport, 9a. m., May 1. 6, 9, 13. ".. z] ; **• Z3 '
June 2. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San 9 a. m., May 1, Santa Barbara, Port ,
2 and every fourth day thereafter.
■ San Diego. atOMing only at Port Har-
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Arceles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
* May 3. 7. n. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. Jun« 4.
and every fourth day thereafter. •
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose de«
Cabo, Maratlan. Altata. La Paz. S&nta Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. May 14
June 10 and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers. Balling dates
and hours "of sailing. .
TICKET OFFICE— New Monteoioery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Bert*
rMiIL S8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF FAILINGS:
Dregon ....May 8, 15, 24
-olsmbla.. May 9, IS. 27
state of California.... May 12, 21. SO
=t. Paul $16 00 St. Louis... $32 00
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 27 60
Dmaha .....26 00 New York 31 00
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market St.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
@mwaaHWMOM Failing of June Ist
iJa'rtiSilE' 01 ' Honolulu canceled. j
L*■ . The S. S. MOAN A !
CSiS^Vy. sails via Honolulu and
-XlPSFTfthind Auckland for Sydney
CylWjniJlliy Wednesday, June 15, I
(oJJi(3Mb at 2 p - m - ' I
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWS, South Africa. • .
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office— 327 Market st., San Francisco, j
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN. SOUTHAMP-
TON. .
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British Flags.
South wark May 25 I Westernland June 1
•Chester May 2S| Kensington Juno 8
PHILADELPHIA, QTJEENSTOWN. LIVER-
POOL.
" Steamers sail under Belgian Flag.
Pennland May 21 1 Waesland Jun« «
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers formerly employed In trans-Atlantla
services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for this service.
S. S. Ohio, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 15.
6 S. Indiana, 3300 tons, from Seattle, June 23.
S. S. Pennsylvania, 3500 tons, from Seattle,
June 29.
Connecting with the company's own fleet of
18 new and modern steamers and barges on th»
Yukon River, through to Dawson City and
Intermediate points.
For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantics.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North -f-Tifat
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <Tyfrarf>
by this line avoid both transit by «*UM!»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a email boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first-class. $160;
lecond-class- $116.
jA NAVARRE May 28, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE June 4, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE June 11, 10 a. m.
jA GASCOGNE June IS, 10 a. m.
jA BRETAGN'B June 25, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
;OMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent,
: - No. 3 Bowling Green, New York. !
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery ',
»ye.. San Francisco. • . . >
, m m■ | ".TIM TnKW Vi * H -*t t P!■*?WM B' if* HI
)IRECT TO PARIS, LONDON, HAMBURG.
f. Bismarck June 2 IF. Bismarck June 30
*.. Victoria June 16. F. Bismarck.... July. 28
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pa1atia..........May 21 Fatria .....T.June 4
Pret0ria......... May 28 Phoenicia June 11
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway, N. T.
rIERZOQ & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast, •
01 California St., cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
Hon., Tues., Wed., Thur<j. and Sat
9:45 a. m., J:l5 n. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Trldays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier S.
T>l«phhnr>. Uer\ ??41
HAIL ROAD TEAVEIiT ~
f— ■—»».- j! r k f IEfiPMI A
[yg^g^^^ CALIFORNIA
ißm^'-'it^i" limited.
'" :i r SAN FRANCISCO
[gsik«*«&«*agsSgj| CHICAGO.
r HE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY i
: ANY LINE, \
r^(ivi> Sun Francisco a! 4:31 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
: Carries flm-class passengers only, but- wici>-
>ut extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET ; SMOKING CAR.
■ Pullman Palace Drawing "Room Sleepers. ;i
Jnys to ChicaEo. 4>4 days to Sew York. ' •.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-strest
"erry. ". San Francisco ticket offlco. : 6*4 Market
treet. Chronicle building. Telephone CAR.
r'aiaca Drawing Room Sleepers. ,
oago. 4Vs flays to New York.
-Ive and depart from Markot-str»»t
Francisco ticket ofttco. 644 Market
nlcle building. Telephone Main 152».
Oakland flee. HIS Broadway. ...Sacramento ;
)f(ice. 201 J street. San Jose, 1 West Santa I
;iara etreet. ; V. . . .- t I
FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII !
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September. 19, , 1597., trains will run as
cilows: . - ;
South-bound. , _ . I North-bo.
Passen- Mixed '.y^ifJsK Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday ■ Sta- Sunday ger
Daily. Excep'd.  tions. Excep'd. 'Dally.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:40 pra
1:10 am 12:50 pm , Merced ■ 12:50 p m 3:53 pin
0:40 am 8:60 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 p m
1:40 am 0:20 pm Ilanford 9:45 am 1:15 ra
2:15 pin 6:45 pm , Vlaalia 6:40 am 12:40 m
. Stopping: : at ; Intermediate points * . when . . re-
[Uired. . ■-■■■■■-, : . . . ' . ■-:".•
Connections— Stockton with steamboats ot
3. N. "■■ St "L -- Co., ■ leaving - San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. dally; at Merced with
tagea to and from Snelllnsa, Coultervllle, Yo-
■ emlte. etc.; ■ also with * stage for Hornitos.
klarlpona, etc. : -at '■ Lankershlm with ' stage to
aid ! from : Madura. --^^SSSBHS - -
>■ BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
f\ SPECIAL,
SPECIAL,
—FAMOUS NOONDAY TRAIN— ' '- :
v Via BIQ FOUR ROUTE,
FROM ST. LOUIS TO
New York,
Boston,
Montreal,
Buffalo,
Indianapoltsi
Cincinnati)
Washington.
Finest and fastest regular train between
Mississippi River and Eastern Seashore over
greatest system of transportation in the
world— the Vunderbilt Lines.
, STOPS ALLOWED at Niagara Falls, Wash-
ington. Philadelphia and Virginia Hot Springs.
This train allows half day's stop in St. Louis
and goes Into the only . depot in New York
City.-
C. W. GREEN.
Traveling Pass'r Agent., ■ Kansas City. Mo.
A. J. WHITEHEAD,
i Traveling Passenger Agent, Dallas. Tex.
WM. P. DEPPB,
Ass't Gen'l Passenger Agt., St. Louis, Mo.
SOUTUKKN I'ACII'Ii; COM t* A JUT.
(PAOiriO .tVHTEM.)
frnlni lf»ir ami mr due to nrrlfe ml
NAN nu.\tlMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
t-KAT» — FROM. April S3. 1893. — ARBIV»
•*6:OAa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... »S:43_
7:OUa Benlcia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 10«45a
7:00 a M:LryßTil;e, OroTilleaud Redding »Ia
Woodland 5t45p
7sooa VaoaTille and Ramsey S:4sp
?iSWa Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo, Nap*,
Calfatoga and Santa Rosa 6il9>
SsOOa Atlantic Express, Ogden and East.. Ss-ISp
»ia«A Nilej, Baii Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Maryiiv'.ile, Chico,
Tehama and Ueil ISIuR 4ilßp
•SiSOa Peters. Milton, Oak dale (Jamestown
for Yoseniito) *7il3p
9iooa New Orleans Kipresi, Merced, Fres-
no, Bakerelield, Santa Barbara,
j/os Angeles, Darning, Xi l'aao, .
.."■•. ; . New Orleans and East. oi43p
lOiOOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7i4Sp
•liOOp Sacramento Ri»er Steamers *V:OOr
1:0 Op Mies, San Jose and Way Stations.. »»s43a
.......Ban Jose, Niles and Way Stations... »!>:lsa
SiOOr Livermore, Meudota, llanford and
Tiaalia 4 : 1 5 p
LiTermore, San Jose, Nile* and Way
Stations...... J10:I5a
....... Fresno, Merced, Martinet, Vallejo.. lttlSp
1 4iOOr Martinez. Han Itamoii, Vallejo.
Napa, Oallsloca, lil Verauo and
Hautaltosa 8)i1Ba
4ioop ßsnicia, Vacavilie, Woodland,
Knights Ijtiidinj, MarysTille, Oro-
Tille and .Sacramento 1 0:45 a
4:8«P Nilea, San Jo«e, Tracy and Stockton .. 7ilss»
4:30p Stockton, Oakdale, Merced. ISiISr
4:3 Up Castle and Lodi lUil3»
4:30p Latbrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda
(Raymond for Yosemlte), Fresno,
Moiave. Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles 7i43a
-iiitOp Santa Fe Itoute, Atlautlo Express
for Mojave and East d:43p
AtOOp Kuropeau Mall, Ogdeu and Kut..., 9:43 a
•«:00 . Vallejo 18j1»f
6:uoe llnj-wiirils, NII'-b San Jose 7i43a ;
tTiOOr Vallejo, Port CokU and Way Sta-
tions.. |9t43r
8:00p Oregon Kz;>rrss, Sacramento, Marys-
»ille. Ke<l<ling, Portland, Piiget
80111111 ami I'.Hst Bil3a
tiXS LEA.NMCO AM) IU\HAUI)S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
*> ' 7 7?13a
S:OOa Xelroie, Seminary Park, ** 9 *%
io!2*i| Fltehbanr.El-.har.t, \i\**i.
(11:00 a I San Leandro, Sonth 8«« >****>
tt *':* i>U . Lewdr^EstndUlo, |i;^J
isVob'p f Loreaio, Cherry • I4i4i*r
4:OOp ' «3t43p
3:o<>p a8(1 ■ 6:1 3p
5:30* Ilarwaril. 7:43p
7tOOp • Bt4»p
•'••»■ i Baas through to Nile* . » s4 »' x
9:00p tFromKiles. l»i3Or
ttll:lspj \' zom I>UBa - ffia«—
' COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gauge).
_ (Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Santa Out Excursion, Santa Orus - -
and Principal Way Stations $•<••*
Si 13a Newark. OenterriUe, San Joee,Felton,
- Boulder Creek. Santa Oruz and Way
- Stations Bi3»l»
*BtlSp Newark Centerrille, San Jose, New *
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Oi3O a
4:13p San Jose, Olenwood k Way Stations 9:20 a
o4i 1 3p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz ..... - J»t»OA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrt-sin micisco— r««t *r Mark*t Btr«i (8U r —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.M. tl:03 *2:00 t3:M
•4:00 15:00 .•9:00f.M.
mm OilUKB— of .Braidwsy.— -8:00 8:00 10:004.11.
412:00 -1:03 12:30 *3:00 ti:QO «8:00r.n.
\ COAST DIVISION (Broad Ganj-e). ~~"
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
•7:o©a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadeii Wednesdays only) ...... llSOp
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion (or San Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific GroTe and
Principal Way 5tati0n5............. XSiSSp
oiOOa San Jose, ires l'lnos, Hauta Crux,
Pacillc nro*e Paso Rubles, San
Luis Obispn, Uuadalupe. Surf aud
Principal Way Stations 4:10r
lOi-lOa Bau Jose and Way SUtious «8:OOa
HiSOa San Jose aud Way Stations ....... " •8:33 a
•2:45 p San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara.' Sau Jose, Giltoy,
Holllster, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Orore •lOiS.Ia
•3i!top San Jose aud Way Station*.. *9:OOa
Mtltr San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:43 a
*3iOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6::13 a
5:30r San Jose anil Principal Way Statious 3:30p
<l::c»i* San Jose and Way Statious 7:30p
f11:43p San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7t3op
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepte.l. { Sundays only, t Saturdays only
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only,
1 Sunday* and Mondays. ' a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Ttbaamu Pott*, F«t «ff Market St.
bA+* i-'WAi>iCIBCO~Tb S>A_N UAi'AiLU
W , E EK. DATS-T:3O, »:00. 11:00 a. m.; 1J:8S.
i ,', i:li :lv ' 6:80 p. m Thursday*— trip
• 11:30 P. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* at i:6» y
and 11:30 p. m.
¥£ DAYS ~- . »:SO. 11:00 a, =»•! 1:80. 8:30.
. 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TOYSAN FRANCIBCa
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12.41.
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trip* at
1:65 p. m. and 6:36 p. m. <
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 8:11
1:00. 6:25 p. in.
Between San Franclaeo and Bctausta«a Park
aame schedule as above. . . ■
Leave " Arrive
San Francisco. In effect San Francisco.
April 23. . .
Week I Sun- 1898. Bun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. | days. I Day*.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ua
2:30 pm 9:30 am • Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 ant
6:10 s:oo_pin Santa Rosa. _ 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
Fulton, ~ ~~~ ~
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton. i
GeyservlUe,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. \ 7:85 pm 6:22 pra
7:30 ami Hopland and 10:25 am
8:S0 pm 8:00 am| UkUh. [ 7:35 pm| 6:23 pta
7:30 am .. " .--'■• " 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm| I . ■ : [ 6:22 pm
7:80 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 10:40 am! 8:40 am
--.-•■ •■-:•■. . ( ■ and ) I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. - f 6:10 pmf 6:22 pra
7:30 am|S:oo ami Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm |s:oo pm I 7:25 prn| 6:22 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eerville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at .Hopland for. Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs," KelseyvWe. New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay,' Lakeport. and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. John. Day's, River--
Fide, Llerley's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullville. Dooneville. Crr"s Hot Springs. Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg. Westport, Uaal.
: Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at '
reduced rates. ■ , •-;■ ■ . ■ - - . _■■■.,-. •
On. - Sunday; round-trip . tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
. Ticket Offices, : 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids. -
.V. W. FOSTER. R. :X. RTAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
WORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Perry.
From San Francisco, commencing Hay U 143*.
W. EX DAYS.
For Mill Valley, and San Uafael— *8:00, -
•9:30. ' 11:00 a. m.; -*1:15, 3:20. 4:00. 6:15. •6:00,
6:30 p. .a. - -
Extra trips for San Rafael .on Mondays.
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at i ll:3«l
p. m. SUNDAYS. . -
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, and San Rafael— •s:<». •9:00,
•10:00. ll;00. 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. *1:45. '2:30, **:<»._
6:30. 6:45 p. m. .-,■ .. ■
11:00 a. m. does not run. to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley. :
. Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
>j. :;.-:■; THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. weekdays— Cazadero. and way sta'n*. :
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
6:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way station*. ;' r T'nK*iiiiT]rtV'' rillii'W)itf<i>i'*wwVT
8:00 a. m. — Cazadero and way station*.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pomt ■ Reyes and .way sta'*. ..
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via' Sausalito. Ferry.) ' "
Leave San r. Francisco.' commencing - May 'I.'
MM: i mmtit it^lijii i|i i ij'n; ( rr ~ ir ■ i J jli*fjffri|/T|
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 c =:.. l:« and
1:30 p. m. - ; - ■•.■'.-"._-•■■■
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOS. COOK A PON. Agents, en Mark*
Btreet. San Francisco. : '
1112
SAYS HER
CHILD WAS
ABDUCTED
Pitiful Story Told by
Mrs. Nellie Dinan.
SHE BLAMES HER HUSBAND.
TOLD THAT HER BABY WAS AT
THE PRISON.
With Tear-Stained Face She Begs
the Police to Assist Her
in Finding Her
Offspring.
With tears streaming down her face
Mrs. Nellie Dinan of 725 Fifth avenue ap
peared at the gate of the City Prison last
night and begged to be al'.owed to »cc her
child.
"They took her away from me, she
tearfully remarked: "My God, what will
they do next?"
When told that her offspring was not
In the prison, the unfortunate woman be
came hysterical and declared, that her
husband had deceived her.
"He informed me that our little dar
ling had been turned over to the matron
of the prison." she remarked. "Why did
not he tell me the truth? I knew he was
lying, but he will find out that I am not
to be trifled with."
\fter recovering her composure the un
fortunate woman said that she had been
married about five years. Her husband
la Maurice Dinan. who is employed in the
freight sheds of the Southern Pacific
Company. For some time past the dove
of peace has not hovered over tb-iir home,
due.. she claims, to her husband's vicious
temper. , .
"Several weeks ago," she remarked,
"mv husband took our little boy for a
walk and failed to return with him.
When I asked him for an explanation
he sarcastically told me that he knew
his business and Intended to deprive me
of our etphteen-month-old girl. Lcu-t
Thursday two men. who claimed they
were police officers, visited my home and
possession, of my darling baby
They said thai they were connected with
the Society for the Prevention of cruelty
to Children, and that they were acting
Instruction from one of the Supe
rior Ju.ltr-s. 1 asked them where they
intended to take my child, and wns tola
by them that 11 would be turned »ver to
the matron of the City Prison. They ad
mitted that they did not have a warrant,
and when I expostulated with them, they
threatened to throw me In jail. Thinking
that t 1 ■ were police officers, I allowed
them to'take my child. After they had
left 1 became suspicious and decided to
visil the prison to see whether they had
"Tell me what they have done with my
baby." pleaded the" woman. "Is there
no law to punish such despicable
scoundrels?" , ,
liceman who took her to the
City Prison to <=cc if her child was there,
Mrs Dinan declared that her husband
had frequently abused her and on Bev
ccasions threatened to kill her.
|y a ?■■"■■ days ago." sh~ said, "he
roughly seized our Innocent babe, and
after disrobing her allowed the cold
water to run over her delicate body.
When I interfered he called me several
vile name? and finally struck me in the
face, blacking my eye."
Mr-.-. Dinan is determined to compel her
husband to return the child to her, and
to-day she will commence proceeding's
against him with a view of regaining
• ssion of her offspring.
IN THE INTEREST OF
TIBURON BOULEVARD
Immense Meeting Held at San Rafael
to Urge the Construction of
Good Ronds.
PAN REFAEI* May 2".— The Town Hall
was packed last night to overflowingwith
representative citizens of Ma-in County
who had come together to make a united
endeavor to place their county on a plane
commensurate with its resources and lo
cation—in short, "to begin bitter war
against the forces of silurianism. bywhich
it hap i,>-icr been dominated. Th<= meet
ing was called as the result of a circular
Issued l>y President Foster of the
Francisco and North Pacific Railway
In his official capacity as director of the
California Good Roads League. The pur
pose of the gathering, as stated in the cir
cular, was to form a local league to co
operate with the major, organization on
behalf of the county and bring about a
revolution in road building throughout the
county.
President Foster called the meeting to
order and explained its objects. Henry
Eickhoff was elected president, Henry P.
Wood vice president* W. S. Dreypolcher
secretary and E. W. Newhall treasurer.
It was decided that the president appoint
a board of directors of seven members in
the near future. The following committee
was appointed to wait on the Board of
Supervisors at their meeting next Tues
day and address them in the interests of
the proposed Tiburon boulevard: Henry
P. Wood. Denis Donohoe Jr., T. T. Wil
liams. George W. I>odge, R. S. Alexander,
Charles Bogan, Dr. W. J. Wickman,
Judge M. C. Dufficy, S- F. Barlow and M.
Murray.
COA§T STUDENTS' CONFEBENCE.
Third Annual Session Begun at j
Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 20.— The third
annual Pacific Coast Students' Confer- !
ence opened its preliminary session ' in ,
the Assembly Hall to-night. The con- ,
ference is under the immediate direction
of C. C. Michener of New York, interna
tional college secretary of the Young
Men's Christian Association, and the!
various departments of work of the con- [
vention will be conducted by men of i
prominence from New York, Chicago, San
Francisco and elsewhere. The convention !
embraces among its delegates students i
from the universities and colleges of Cali- (
fornia, Oregon. Washington, Nevada and
Utah. The convention will last ten days,
ending May 29, and during that time only ,
the mornings will be devoted to work.
The afternoons will be filled with various .
athletic sports, including one field day, ;
some of the crack athletes of the differ
ent colleges being here.
Bachelors' Cotillon Club Ball.
SAI'SALITO. May 20.— The third grand :
ball of the Bachelors' Cotillon Club of j
Sausalito was held this evening In the i
Pacific Yacht Club-house. There were i
many guests and a good, sociable time
was enjoyed by all. The reception com
mlttoo was composed *of F. A. Fiedler,
J. Coughlin, J. Hannon, J. W. O'Brien,
George Ryan. Frank Brown. George !
1 rquhart and F. R. Thomas. The floor I
committee was composed of George Dott,
J. J. Ross. H. W. Collins. E. Baraty, G.
Kllborn, W. H. Hannop and H. E. Grim
menstein. E. D. Eddy acted as floor i
manager.
R<un Aids the Crops.
FORT JONES. May 20.— A warm and
copious rain which began to-day has
made the farmers of Scott Valley jubi
lant. Early crops here never looked bet
ter than now. and this rain assures late
crops. Persons from the San Joaquin
Valley have tried to buy alfalfa and
other growing crops here, but ranchers
can get better prices at home and at the
adjacent mines.
Shall we hold the Philippine Isl
ands? By ex-Secretary of State
Sherman and Chauncey Depew in
next Sunday's Call.
THEY HAVE
SPENT LOTS
OF MONEY
City Will Be Behind
$308,000.
HOW THE TREASURER HELPED
A BILL OF $45,000 FOR COURT
REPORTERS' FEES.
The County Clerk Has Run $30,000
Over an Appropriation of
$85,825— 5ch00l Department's
Big Shortage.
The city will be just about $308,000 be
hind when the balance Is made up for
the fiscal year. Of this $140,000 is charge
able to the School Department, $42,000 to
the County Clerk's office, $30,000 to court
reporters' fees and $76,000 to the desire of
Mr. Wldber to live better than his salary
allowed.
These figures are set forth In the report
of Cyril Willi/uns, expert for the Finance
Committee of the Supervisors, which was
submitted to the committee when it met
yesterday. In the letter of explanation
accompanying his report Mr. Williams
writes as follows:
As Instructed. I have ir.aJe an estimate of
the probable deficiency in the funds at the
close of the fiscal year, and hand you here
with an account showing the estimated ex- ;
penditure over Income to be $9L(>SO, of which ■
$42, 000 1b chargeable to the County Clerk' s 1
office and $oO,iXK) to the reporters' expenses in
criminal cases.
Adding to this amount $76,000, the late Treas
urer's deficiency in the general fund and the
total of expenses unprovided for will be in
round numbers $168,000.
In addition to this the School Department
shows a shortage of $140,000, to which the
Board of Education will doubtless call attea-
The report is figured up to April 30 of
this year, and the probable deficits in the
\ arious funds are estimated by adding
the estimate for expenditurese for May
and June. Many of the funds show over- i
drafts of considerable size already, to
which must be added various amounts in
unpaid bills, while some axe Just even for
this month and will have to run on credit
for the remainder of the year. In other
funds there will be surpluses, but the
deficit will reach the figure named in
spite of these small measures of assist
ance.
No attempt is made to demonstrate the
cause of the shortage in the School De
partment besides the terse but pointed
suggestion "to which the Board of Edu- I
cation will no doubt call your attention." |
The shortages estimated in the various
funds are as follows:
Appropriation. Deficit.
Advertising $ 3.500 $750'
F.urlal indigent dead 2.500 ISO
I'ity K*-<-.>lving Hospital ' 10i>,000 500
County Jail No. 2 42.500 ' 3,000 ,
County Jail No. 3 23.500 2.C"30 .
Examination of th» Insane (,600 750
Grand Jury I,5(V> 806
Hospital repairs 2,500 6,000
Intermr-nt of United States sol
diers 2,'W) 600
Jury and witness fees 30,000 1,500;
Maintenance of Minors, Boys'
ami (iirlp 1 Aid Society 2.000 400
Police patrol 32.000 1 , 6< «1
Printing transcripts on appeal.. 2.000 500
Public building?, fuel 7. 000 1,000
Public buildings, repairs IS,F.<X) 2,500
Public buildings, lights 30, i"*) 13,000
Reporters fees on court orders. 30.000 15,000 i
Special counsel 2.500 1,000 j
County t'lprk 85,825 42,000
Recorder's Office, for clerks.... 25.00") 4,000
Assessor's Office, for clerks 67.000 6.000
Tax Collector's Office, for clerks 35,000 2,000
Total $119,600 ;
Total surplusage $27,700
Deficit $91,860
The $91,850 would have included the mv- i
nicipal shortage but for the activity of '
Mr. Wldber, so his $76 000 goes to swell
the total along with the $140,000 of the
School Department, which has outreached j
both the municipal offices and the Treas- |
urer.
T'p to date of Anril 30 the overdrafts :
were as follows:
Receiving Hospital. $43,832: County Jail
No. 2. $2,645 34; County Jail Xo. 3. $1.497 77;
hospital repairs. $5,552 53: police patrol,!
$1,54191: public buildings, fuel. $1.295 20;
public buildings, light. $11.807 05; County
Clerk. $30,993; Recorder, $3,28916.
The fund? in which there will be sur-
I pluses of any size are:
Appropriation. Surplus.
i Health Department $ 53, 000 $ 1.800
i Judgments 6,500 2,400
Maintenance of feeble-minded
children 10,000 10.000
Registrar's department 41,116 5.000
Water fund 250.000 7.000
These surpluses will be used to reduce
the deficit, but there will be much more
to settle even after the surpluses have
been put to that use. As will be noticed,
the largest deficits are over large appro
priations.
SWALLOW FOR GOVERNOR.
Nominated by the Pennsylvania Pro-
hibitionists' Convention.
HARRISBURG. Pa., May 20.— The Pro
hibition State Convention to-day nomi
nated by acclamation Rev. Dr. Silas C.
Swallow of Harrisburg for Governor.
Edw. Nichols of Wilkesbarre was nomi
nated for Lieu tenant-Governor.
The pjatform, which was accepted with
much enthusiasm, declares .that the law
under which the liquor traffic exists
should be repealed: expresses sympathy
for the Cubans; regrets the failure of the
Government to peacefully arliust the dif
ferences with Spain, while pledging sup
port to all efforts to secure fair and hu
mane treatment for the Cubans and to
put an end to Spanish tyranny and bru
tality; reaffirms belief in equal suffrage,
regardless of sex; denounces the late
Legislature and the present State ad
ministration as the most incompetent, ex
travagant and vile that ever disgraced
Pennsylvania and pledges the party to
abolish all unnecessary public offices.
BARK LAIRA WRECKED.
Sunk by the Steamer Wakatipu
Dunedin Harbor.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 20.— Advices
received by the Australian liner Aorangi,
which left Honolulu on the 11th inst.,
state that the bark Laira has been
wrecked in Dunedin harbor as a result of
a collision with the steamer Wakatipu.
The captain of the latter says the Lalra
was out of her course and that his vessel
struck her almost straight stem on. hit
ting the bark between her fore and main
rigging and causing her to founder. Very
little difficulty is anticipated in raising
the Laira. Her crew was saved by the
steamer. Captain Smith of Wakatipu
states that the Laira's action in running
across his course was due to trouble
aboard, an incipient mutiny being in prog
ress at the time and the men's attention
being distracted. He says he learned this
from some of the crew.
Bark and Crew Lost.
NEW YORK, May 20.— The World says:
It is feared that the crew of twenty men
of the Norwegian bark' Medusa has been
drowned. She sailed from Darien, Ga,,
on April 25 for Grlmsby under command
of Captain Hansen. On May 12 the water
logged and abandoned hull of the bark
was passed in latitude 34.01 and longitude
72.04 by the schooner Susie M. Plummer.
Death of a Nonagenarian.
PETALUMA. May 20.— Mrs. Sila Bur
dell, mother of Dr. Galen Burdell of Bur
dells Station, Marin County, died here
to-day. She was a native of New York,
aged 93 years, and was probably the old
est resident in this vicinity. Harvey Bur
dell of San Francisco is a son of the de
ceased.
Salinas Oets a Shaking.
SALINAS. May 20.— A heavy shock of
earthquake was experienced here at 6:50
o'clock this morning, passing from east
to west-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY, MAY 21, IS9B.
NEVILLS ON
THE STAND
The Millionaire Talks of
Mrs. Williams.
CONSPIRACY AND MURDER.
AZHDALRIAN SAID TO BELONG
TO A SECRET SOCIETY.
Startling Testimony of Plots and
Counterplots in the Fresno
Extortion Case.
Captain W. A. Nevills was the central
figure In Judge Joachlmsen's court yes
terday afternoon when he appeared on
the witness stand to testify against My
ron H Azhdaerian. Mrs. Elsie Williams and
Mrs Grace Loose, whom he charges with
extorting $2000 from him on February 25.
last, by threats to expose him to his wife
for having Improper relations with Mrs.
Williams The crowd that filled the court
room expected to hear some -salacious
disclosures, but nothing of the kind oc
curred owing to a timely objection by
the special counsel for the prosecution.
The first witness called was Charles H.
X Smith, agent for an improvement com
pany at Jamestown. He had several busi
ness dealings with Azhdaerian. and In the
early part of February last in conver
sation with Azhdaerian he showed witness
a check signed by Captain Nevills for $200
or $300. Azhdaerian told him that he
expected a lot more money and expected
to be able to go to Europe. He spoke as
if he would soon own the whole of James
town. A motion to strike out this evi
dence was overruled.
Frederick Erickson, a railroad contrac
tor at San Luis Obispo, testified to having
a conversation with Azhdaerian last Sat
urday night in the Orpheum Annex.
Azhdaerian spoke about the case and said
that Billy (meaning the son of the cap
tain) had him arrested for blackmail, and
he was sorry that Billy had gone against
him. He added that if the two ladies
would do as lie said he knew that he
would win out.
Captain Nevills was then called and all
eyes were focused upon him as he took
his seat upon the witness stand. He ap
peared nervous, and answered the first
two or three quescions in an almost in
audible voice. Then he was urged to
speak louder and obeyed. He never once
looked in the direction of the defendants.
He testified to having been sick with
pneumonia in the Palace Hotel on Feb
ruary 25, last. Azhdaerian called upon
him about 9 o'clock that morning and
told him that the women were in the city,
and if he did not give Elsie money she
would sue him for betrayal. If, how
ever he would give him $6000 he would
fix the matter. Witness asked him to go
for Elsie, and in about half an hour she
came She said that she wanted money
and unless he gave her it she would ex
pose him to his wife. He told her to
wait, and sent for Mrs. Warren New
comb. , ,
Mrs Newcomb and Elsie came into his
bedroom and after propping him up in
his bed with pillows he wrote out and
signed a check for $2000. He was trying
to s^n it for $200. Then they went away
and soon afterward Elsie returned with
a young man from the bank who asked
him if he had signed the check, and he
nodded his head and then marked it
In cross-examination he said that he
had known Mrs. Williams for four or five
years. He became acquainted with her
in the Palace Hotel. He knew her here
for two years before she went to his vine
yard in "Fresno. She went there at her
own request, and Mrs. Newcomb accom
panied her. She went in September, ls%
and remained until October, 1897. She had
charge of the house and kept the books
for which he paid her $25 per month and
her board. After some hesitation he ad
mitted that he had a controversy with
her prior to February 25 and wrote her
the following letter:
JAMESTOWN, November 13. 1897.
Pear ElFle: I am just In rooelpt of your
short note informing me that upon reflection
y..u had deckled that any business that was
done must be done through your attorney. WT»y
should you talk to me if you did not mean It;
Tour sister, as I expected, is the cause of thip.
and I want to tell you now, my dear girl,
that not one dollar will I ever pay you through
any attorney as blackmail. I have already
told you that you did not need to get an at
torney and if you wish to follow that you will
find your mistake when it is too late, for I
will fight any attempt r.f that kind to the end.
as it is all out now. Hut when you come to
me and want to do what Is right that is an
other matter. I will be in San Francisco on
Monday all day. Will be in Fresno on the
2Sth, if nothing happens, at the Hughes Hotel,
and if you want to meet me to talk the matter
over all right. Yours, WILL.
"Witness said he wrote that letter be
cause Mrs. Williams was threatening to
expose him to his wife for having illicit
relations with her.
"As a matter of fact, you did have il
licit relations with her?" asked Attorney
Baker.
The question was objected to, and a
long argument followed, the Judge finally
sustaining the objection!
Witness admitted that Mrs. Williams
had threatened to bring suit against him
before February 25. After that date she
had been in his rooms for two days and
nights at a time. He was a frequent vis
itor at McNutt's Hospital to see her, and
Bent her flowers, but denied having her
occasionally on his lap. He paid $217 for
doctor fees, but she promised to repay
him. He had her in the hospital to get
her away from the others, to obtain the
truth from her about the conspiracy 'to
get money out of him and murder him.
Mrs. Warren Newcotnb, who lives on
Powell street, testified that she first knew
Mrs. Williams when she was a stenog
rapher at the Palace Hotel about five
years ago. She afterward came to wit
ness for lessons in French. In September,
18%, witness went with Mrs. Williams to
Fresno on a visit to the La Favorita
ranch. She spoke of numerous visits and |
of letters that had since passed between
them. She could not remember the con- j
tents of the letters, as she always burned
them, but on being prompted she remem
bered that in one in January last Mrs.
Williams had written that Azhdaerian
was to erect several buildings in James
town, and wanted $10,000, which would
bring in a fine income for them, meaning, I
as she supposed, Azhdaerian and Mrs.
Williams.
While Mrs. Williams was in McNutt's
hospital she sent for witness, and told her
that Azhdaerian belonged to a secret so
ciety of Armenians, ana one'aay < aptain
Nevills would be assassinated. She would
be glad to hear of the captain's death, as
she always disliked, him very much. Mrs.
Williams asked her to go to Fresno to
her sister, Mrs. Loose, and get from her
$500 and a package of letters. She went
and got $800, but Mrs. Loose refused to
give her the letters, saying that Azhdae
rian had them, and it was very wrong for
Elsie to ask for them. Elsie seemed to
be going back on Azhdaerian, but after
they had so plotted and schemed against
Captain Nevills it was now too late to
draw back. She referred to the obtain
ing of the check for $2000 on February 25,
Mrs. Williams having told her that she
wanted the money to pay off a mortgage.
The check was written, "Two thousand,"
but Captain Neviils had omitted to put In
one of the ciphers and Mrs. Williams
wrote it in.
The cross-examination of the witness
was deferred till next Thursday after
noon.
Many New Lawyers.
The legal fraternity of the State was
increased yesterday by twenty-nine, the
Supreme Court granting that number of
graduates of Hastings College of Law
diplomas and permission to practice thfe
profession of their choice in all of the
courts of the State. The new lawyers
are: Thomas Vail Bakewell, Peter
Augustine Breen, Harry Ernest Church,
Charles Centennial Conn, John Ralph
Daniels, Walter Joseph de Martini, Jon
athan Edward Gardner, William Henry
Lamand Hynes, Alfred Harold Marehant,
Edward Lee Payne. Arthur Howard Red
ington, Edward Paul Tobin, Rachel Vroo
man. Jessie Eleanor Watson, Alfred
Herrmann Yordi, Frank Henry Benson,
Joseph Perkins Chamberlain. James
William Clarke, Eustace Cullinan, Sam
uel Daniel Davis, James Byrnes Feehan,
Frederick William Henderson, William
Wallace Kaye, Hugo David Newhouse,
Elinor Dickinson Pratt, Robert Haviland
Turner, Percy Edgar Towne. John Madi
son Walthall, Jesse. Meigs Whited.
THE PRINTERS' STRIKE.
Proprietors Refuse to Consider Offers
of a Compromise.
The strike of the printers. for a shorter
workday seems farther from settlement
Just now than it dtd during the first week.
Theodore Perry, vice-president of the In
ternational Typographical Union, arrived
in this city yesterday from Nashville to
make an investigation, and bring about
an adjustment of difficulties if possible.
He found that over half the proprietors
in the city had agreed, to the new sched
ule, but the balance .held out as strong
as ever, and seemed perfectly satisfied
with the present condition of affairs. "I
visited almost every proprietor in the
city," he said yesterday afternoon, "but
none of them seemed willing for a con
ference. 1 made the offer of a compro
mise on nine hours work for nine hours
pay, but was informed that the day for
this was past. Of course each man spoke
simply as an individual, and said that any
action must come from the executive com
mittee of the Typothotap, but I have ob
tained the same expression from each of
them as individuals. I can see but one
thing for it now. and that is to make a
long and bitter fight. I noticed that the
Typothetae all complained of a slack sea
son, while the nine hour offices are work
ing night and day. This is a favorable
indication, but this Is not a fighj. to be
won in a week or two — It may drag out
Into months or years."
ITS FAREWELL CONCERT.
The Xneisel Quartet Will Play To-
Day for the Last Time.
The Knelsel Quartet from the Boston
Symphony Orchestra will give its fare
well concert In this city at Sherman,
Clay & Co's Hall this afternoon at 3
o'clock. These Instrumentalists have
created a musical furore since their ar
rival, ajid their ensemble playing is with
out doubt the best ever heard here.
The programme is a? follows: Mozart s
quartet In C major. No. 6, dedicated to
Haydn; Mendelssohn's Canzonetta from
quartet in E flat, major; Tschaikowsky s
Andante Cantabile from quartet In D
major, op. 11, and Grieg's quartet In C
major, op. 27.
The Kneisels will play in Los Angeles
next week and then return East via Port
land.
SOLD FOR TWO MILLIONS.
Taylor Mine at Greenwood Acquired
by a Foreign Syndicate.
AUBURN, May 20.— The Taylor mine at
Greenwood, a forty-stamp quartz prop
! erty and one of the richest in California,
was sold to a foreign syndicate for $2,000,
000 to-day. #
The only woman ever made a
major in the regular army tells her
story in next Sunday's Call.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mamie E., Abble F., Jennie M., A. and Mary
Hurley and Maggie G. Perkins (Hurley) to big
mund Stern, lot on N line of Pacific street, 110
E of Octavia, E 30 by N 133:6; $10.
Otto F.. F. L. and Otto K. yon Rheln (refer
ees in the action of Emma C. D. Meyer vn.
Mary A. Brunings, J. S. Henderson et al. ) to
Emma C. D. Meyer, lot on NW corner of
Twenty-tecond and Dolores streets, N 26:11 by
W 95; $2800.
Catherine Brrmer (Searrion), wife of L. Bre
m<r, to Emanuel Anderson, lot on W line of
Pond street. 103:6 S of Sixteenth, S 25 by
80 <to correct 1463 d 324); $10.
Warren B, Ewer to Amelia M. Eggers, lot on
W line of t:ureka street. 150 S of Eighteenth,
S ;,(< by \V 125; $W.
Frank David and Clara Cuneo to Joseph
Cuneo. lot on N line of Bay street. 160:5 E of
Leavenworth. E 22:11 by N 70; also lot on Is
line of Bay street, 183:4 E of Leavenworth, E
22:11 by N 70; also lot on SW line of Montgom
ery avenue. 179:1"4, running thenc* W paral
lel with Bay street. 17: ll T fe by 8 67:«: $10.
Hiram B. Cook to Walter H. Cook, lot on N
line of Vallejo street. 50 E of Loavenworth,
E 25 by 109:6; $10.
Walter H. Cook to Jennie Smith (wife of M.
A.), same; $10.
John Christal to Mary E. ChrlFtal, lot on
E line of Hyde street. 112:6 N of Oeary, N 25
• P D and Mary Code to Pelton Water Wheel
Company, lot or, NE line of Main street. 206:3
NW of Howard. NW SM by NE 137:fi; $10.
Charles L. and Lily F. Tilden to 6ame. Bame;
Margarft Moore (by R. I. Whelan, Sheriff),
to Charles R. Allen, lot on S line of Minna
otreft 2"0 E of Fourth, E 12:6 by P 70; JSRI.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to Frank B.
Veasey. lot on X line of Twenty-first avenue,
106 N of California street. N 25 by E 120; JlO.
W. V. and Marie L. Huntlngton to Albert
Hall lot on SW corner of B street and Six
t^nth avenue. S 125, W 120, N 25. E 62:6. N
LOO. B 57:6; $10.
Jens Hansen to Theodor and Catherine
Richards, lot nn W line of Slegel street, 325 S
of Blame, S 25 by W 70. lot 413, Gift Map 1;
$10
Richard Webb to Agostlno Ohlohlzola, lot on
SW line of Greece street. lfiO NW of Knights
place. SE 40 by SW 120, West End Map 1.
quitclaim deed; $10.
Alameda County.
M and rathe A. McCann to Emma M. '•
Block lots IS to 22. block 92. Northern Addi
tion to Brookbn, quitclaim deed. East Oak
land; $10.
J H. Hoskin to George Sterling, lots 3 and
4, block 2, Piedmont Park, to correct former
deed, quitclaim deed. Oakland Township; $1.
W. B. and Ella M. Priddy, Florence E. Blair
and Mabel K. Squire (wife of H. P.) to same,
lr.t on iSW corner of Vernal and Vista avenues.
W 186 S 162 40 X 2SI, N 157 to beginning, being
lota 3 and 4. block 2. Piedmont I'ark. Oakland
Township; als.. lot on N line of Piedmont
avfnur -96 NE from XE corner formed by the
Intersection of Piedmont and Bonita avenues,
thence on a curve NE 94. XW 182.40, Sff 90. S
Vto to hegirmlne. being lot 2. block 2, Revised
Map Same. Oakland Township; $10.
Q. L. Fitz to Daniel Wilson, lot on NW
<ornpr of Pwixht way and Tremont street. N
13.", 4S W 60 S US E 50 to beginning, being lot
2. block 6, Barker Tract, quitclaim deed. Berke
ley ■ $."
W H. Mueller to Ellse Mueller, lot on NE
corner of Railroad avenue (before widening)
and Willow street. N ISO by E 150. block 19.
lands adiacent to Kncinal. Alameda: gift.
Same to SRme. lot on B line of Santa Clara )
avenue, 150 E of Walnut street, E 50 by S 217:6,
block 3a. same. Alameda; gift
Manuel S. Dutra to Jose B. B ttencourt, lot 45,
Hemme Tract, Pan Leandro, Eden Township;
Marilla D. TV". Ptockham to Lorenzo D. Royce,
lot on E line of Chestnut street, 120 S of Thirty
fourth street, S 40 by E 120:3. block 675. Watts
Tract. Map 2, Oakland (subject to a mortgage
for 512.-.0); $10.
X C. and Mary D. Sessions to William W.
Chfsholm, lot on S corner of Nineteenth avenue
and East Twenty-ei K hth street. S W 140 by S E \
250, block 92, .Northern Addition to Brooklyn,
Bast Oakland: also lot on NW line of Twenty
first avenue, 90 NE of East Twenty-seventh
street, NE 100 hy NW 140, block 92, same, |
East Oakland; HO.
Henry and Mary Matthews to same, same (2
descriptions), Ea.=t Oakland (quit claim deed);
$10.
Lorenzo D. and Mary Royce to Marilla P. W.
Stockham. lot on E line of Wattß street. 40 N
of Forty-fifth street. N 40 by E 12T. being lot 14,
block 2. Coggeshall Tract. W of San Pablo ave
nue. Oakland Township; $10.
Lorenzo 1) and Zylphia J. Usman to Delos
Pratt, lot 17 and N 5 feet of lot 16 in subdivis
ion F. Fruitvale Terminal Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Henry Froelich to Charles Roemer, lots 9 to
14. 4>lock 13. Estudlllo Tract. San Leandro, Eden
Township; $10.
F. A. and Mary S. Anthony. Bank of Liver
more and George H. Taj' Company (by com- i
nilsstoner) to Stephen G. Nye. lot beginlng at j
the NE corner of lot 1 of fractional block 15, |
at the Intersection of the S corner of First and
Lizzie streets, thence SW 40. SE 90. NE to a
point NW to beginning, being a portion of
fractional block 15, town of Llvermore, Murray
Township; $2350.
Builders' Contract.
Angtfo Ferrogßiaro (owner) with G. B. Ca
vaglia & Co. (contractors), architects William
Mooser & Son, all work except plumbing, gas
fitting, Bewerage and painting (which is to he
done by owner) for a two-story and basement
frame building on W line of Dupont street, 39
5 cf Green. S fis by W 65:9; $4077.
M. A. Gunst & Co. (owners) with Patterson
6 Persson (contractors), architects Hermann &
Swain, carpenter work of every description ex
cept mason w.irk. plumbing, painting, deco
rating, artistic grill and metal work, gas fix
tures and mantels for alterations and additions
to three-story and basement brick structure on
XW corner of Kearny and Morton street. N
40. W 60:5. X 20 W 30. S 60. E 90:5: $9800.
Same with Ickelheimer Bros, (contractors),
architects same. Plumbing, sewerage and gas
fitting for same on same; $1328.
F. Nlgro (owner), Campbell & Pettus (con
tractors) with Western Expanded Metal and
Flreproofing Company (pub-contractors), archi
tects William Mooser & Son. Metal lathing,
fire-proof floor and sidewalks, illuminating
tiles and steel partitions for a six-story and
basement brick and Iron building on the NE
corner of Eddy and Mason streets, N 85 by E
43 :5; $5730.
Mrs. Sarah ls\ Morris (owner) with Peter
Crichton (contractor), architects Salfleld &
Kohlberg. Carpenter and mill work, glazing,
tinning, hardware and plastering for two three
story and attic frame buildings on northwest
corner of Walnut avenue and Octavia street,
N 60, W 82:6 S 276. W 6, S 32:6. E 87:6: J12.100.
Same with Ickelheimer Brothers (contract
ors), architects same. Gas fitting and plumb
ing for same on same. Rough plumbing is in
$soo : work is completed $689; thirty-flve days
after $500; JI9S9.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 20— Stmr Co
quille River, hence May 19.
Sailed May 20 — Schrs Ida Schnauer and C H
Merchant, for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arived May 20-Stmr Green
wood, hence May 19.
Sailed May 20— Stmr Whltesboro, for San
Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENST.OWN— Arrived May 20— Stmr Etru
rla, from New York. '
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year. '.■:■.
BRANCH OFFICES—S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. ,j
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
- NW. corner Twenty-second and : Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
mint II NOTICES.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, • 309
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p.
m. The pastor will preach at both services.
Topic at 11 a. m., "Secret Prayer "and Open
Reward"; at 7:45 p. m., "The Pa-Sing of the
.'Grand Old Man,' or Lessons From the Life
of Gladstone." Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m.,
C. B. Perkins, superintendent. Epwortn
League meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting
Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock. ' The pub-
lic cordially Invited to all the services of this
church. Seats free. Ushers in attendance.
' ■ MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 189, F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _JV-
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock; second de- X__jf
gree. C. D. BUNKriR, Secretary. /▼>
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. __
and A. M. —Officers and members are __^V_
hereby notified to attend the funeral of TS.J?
our late brother, JAMES ALEXAN- /V >
DER CAMPBELL, from the Masonic Temple,
Post and Montgomery sts., SUNDAY. May
22, 1898, at 1 o'clock p. m. Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully Invited. By or-
der of the master.
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O. < *j_S-j*4£/.
O. F.—O'ncers and members meet :ss&*&3&-
in Memorial Hall SATURDAY, 55g<s5CS=
May 21, at 1 p. m., to attend <^n\V^-
funeral of Brother WILLIAM MILLER.
; C. E. POST. N. G.
MONTEZt'MA Tribe No. 77, Im- <rv.
proved Order of Red Men.—Of fleers
and members are requested to at- __J__~*
tend the funeral of our late brother. JAMES
A. CAMPBELL, on SUNDAY, May 22, at 1
o'clock p. m.; services at Masonic Temple; in-
terment. Cypress Lawn Cemetery; members
of sister Tribes are respectfully Invited to at-
tend. GEO. S. GRAHAM, Sachem.
THOS..F. BUTLER. C. of R.
ANNUAL meeting—The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at 327 Market
St., San Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the
23d day of May. 1898, at the hour of 3 p. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Tranfer books will
close on Friday. May 13, 1898. at 2 p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
Office 327 Market st., San Francisco. Cal.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that th» undersigned,
who have until this date conducted a general
commission business at 407 and 409 Eleventh
st., Oakland, Cal., under the firm name of
JOSEPH & GARCIA, have this day dissolved
partnership, and that M. GARCIA, who will
continue to conduct a- general commission
business at said place, under the name of M.
GARCIA & CO., will pay all debts due from
sairi firm of JOSEPH & GARCIA and collect
all debts due to said firm. J. S. JOSEPH.
M. GARCIA.
Oakland, Cal.. May 20. 1893.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
P * D tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. room 6: tel. 5550.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East—Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
MISS MAY'S geunlne electric treatment for
rheumatism. 109 Grant aye.. room 4.
MISS WILLIAMS, 101% Grant aye.. cor. Geary,
room 15: vapor and cabinet baths.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer. 1505
Market St., cor. Eighth, room 98, second floor.
MISS L. Dean. 917 Market, parlors 11 and 12,
Turkish Baths and massage treatment.
MISS VIOLA BUR WELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market .st., rm. 8.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
AX-'A RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1, 147 Powell st.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $1. Hart-
mann Paint Co.. 34.1 Third st. and 2808. 24th.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer and vapor
baths. 116 A Grant aye., roon* 17. "
MME. .1 .NSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet bat*v<i. 116 Taylor st.
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary St., room 11.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of Th» CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. \\'s '
TO the shareholders of the Independent Red
Men's Hall —Gentlemen: Please
take notice that in the regular meeting of the
Board of Directors on May 3, IS9B. a dividend
of 30 cents per share has been declared and is
due and payable on Tuesday the 24th. 1898,
at 8 p. m.. at Red Men's Hall. 510 Bush st.
CHARLES. BCHLEBINGER, President.
B. A. SA MM ANN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice —Dividend No. 81 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company wtil be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after
Wednesday, June 1, IS9B. Transfer books
will close on Thursday, May 26, 1898. at 3
o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED—FEMALE.
GERMAN housegirl; good cook and laundress;
city or country: $20. MRS. NORTON, Swedish
and German Employment Bureau. 323 Sutter.
NORWEGIAN houseglrl wishes situation: good
cook: $15; city or country; best reference.
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS American second girl, city ref-
erences, awaits call at C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.. tele., Grant 186.
FIRST-CLASS hotel ironer awaits position. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., .104 Geary St., tele-
phone Grant 185. . .
■FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook, best of reference,
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
STRONG young woman, first-class cook, de-
sires situation in a Jewish family; 2 years
last place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day
washing and ironing or housecleaning; will
work reasonable. Please call 1036 Potrero
aye.. near Twenty-third st.
AN elderly woman wishes a situation as cook
or housekeeper in a small private ; family;
highest references. Apply 536 Third st.
WIDOW wishes position as chambermaid or
housekeeper in hotel or lodging-house. Apply
Hackmeler Hotel, 123 Eddy St.. room 87.
WOMAN wants washing or house cleaning by
the day, $1 10. Call or address MRS. W.. 704
Folsom st.
SWEDISH girl wishes a situation to do general
housework: wages $15; city references. Apply
at 48 Fourth St. -
YOUNG woman wishes to nurse Invalid. Ad-
dress until Tuesday, 24th inst.. , box 4626. Call.
YOUNG German girl, age 16, wants a place
for light. housework. 2236 Bush Bt.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants general , house-
work in American family. 414 Folsom st.
WANTED— or care of children ;by
respectable woman; wages $10. Call or ad-
' dress 230 Minna st. ■
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day
washing or housecleaning. 220 Ninth st., up-
stairs, y^^ . . " -.- -■:"
GERMAN lady wishes a few . more places >to
wash or any kind of work by the day. Call
•.; or address MRS. A. DELMA, 312 Sixth , st.
SITUATION wanted by Scotch woman; cook or
. housework: city reference. 901 Post st.,-, ,y ;
YOUNG German woman wants washing, Iron-
'•• ing cleaning. $1 a day and carfare; disen-
gaged. Monday, Friday. Saturday. 1133 Folsom.'
WANTED—Position as housekeeper or care of
invalid. 362 Grove st. -■:-■-.,--.,;••
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter (young
lady) neat, : industrious and competent, i de-
sires employment; also assistant .bookkeeper,
experienced; salary, $7 per week; references
furnished. Address box ,4640.,4640.- Call, f .';:
WANTED—A position by an experienced Ger-
man girl In a bakery or for light housework;
city or country. . Please . call ;or address 1219
Kearny st.. ; near Green, upper flat. -.->.* t;. y a
WOMAN wishes work by the day; washing and
, cleaning."• Apply at 1215 A Folsom st. .
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
_TDTi)LE^AGED"wId'ow lady .— lttv a 5-year-old
daughter wishes place as housekeeper. Ap-
ply at 946 Harrison ■ st. ; no triflers. ;
SWEDISH girl wishes a place to wait on table
in a first-class private family; city or coun-
try ; is a first-class waitress. Address box
4596. Call office. ' ■• --• '
DANISH girl wishes to do cooking and general
housework in American family in city; wages
$20. Address box 4644, Call office.
YOUNG German lady wishes position as com-
panion or nursery governess. Address box
4641, Call office. - _______
WOMAN wants situation as manager of a
boarding-house; experienced cook; country
preferred. 319 Minna st.
POSITION by young lady; assistant bookkeeper,
or -saleslady: # wishes steady place:
small pay at start; references. Box 4662. Call.
SITUATION wanted-Lady with 3-year-old
daughter wants situation a* housekeeper In
city? Box 4664. Call office.
YOUNG lady understanding dre , ssrnak
sires position with a . dressmaker. Addresß
3309 Twenty-first st.
_3S" "efTi^ sl'mOnl^^ H°ar£
son st. ■ J
ELEVENTH. 106-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want adß taken. ___
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALK.
c^ x __^^: J^R^j__g______^
CARPFNTER- young man: handy at anything:
can nan steanf or lasoline engine :p «»««
or painting; willing to go any place, refer
ences. Address bo^J622 J _CaJM3«i_» :
BUSINESS man wants «_**! n"n "L fo " n ?
or two good staples; also o !.^™*?^
specialties; nothing but Al stock wanted.
Address box 4630. Call.
FIRST-CLASS all round butcher. hl^^.JTt
erence as foreman, able to run machinery
and take charge of cold storage plant. Ad-
dress box 4623, Call office. _________
ACTIVE elderly man wants work «' o " n4 J '
place; understands care horses; driving and
milking and garden; good reference*. »ox
4643, Call office. '
ENGINEER and fireman want* ■"«* t '?» :
first-class references. W. H. 8.. box 4639,
Call Office. - ■• :; '-- : "
ENGINEER wishes a position; all-round
handy man. T. C. 1304 Ninth street, Ala-
•' meda. . " _____
WANTED— By a steady, reliable man. situation
at any kind of employment : wages no object.
Address F. GREENFIELD. 220 Third St.,
room 31, or call between 2 and 5 p. m. ■
TEMPERATE young man wants position
around private place; understands gardening,
driving, and is generally useful: wishes to at-
tend school In evening. Box 4646. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German: understands garden-
ing, care of horses; milk; long experience In
raising poultry: private place preferred; best
references. C. S.. 631 Sacramento st.
YOUNG man desires employment as book-
keeper, clerk or collector; has experience as
bookkeeper; best of references. Box 4698,
Call office. . ■
BARBER— Wanted, a permanent position in a
first-class shop by an Al Boston barber: no
college graduate. Address E. GRAHAM. 119
Ninth st. ■
YOUNG man 19 years of age would like a posi-
tion;- understands running elevator. Call or
address 2436 Post st.
$20 TO any one securing me a permanent posi-
tion in furniture business. Address box 4655, •
Call Office. '
JAPANESE housecleaner wants few more en-
gagements to work by the day or week.
SANTARO, 502 Leavenworth st.
JAPANESE young boy wants a situation as i
school boy. P. TOM, 521 Jessie St. j
STEADY, reliable and well recommended man !
wishes position of any kind; holds license as ■
mate and pilot on steamer: can run small
steamer or gasoline boat. Address H., 7 Call-
fornla aye. •
TENOR soloist wishes church position: good
reader: state church and salary. H., box
4697, Call office. ■ ■
ACTIVE elderly man wants 'situation of some
kind; is a good plain cook; city or country.
Box 4632. Call office.
CHEF from Boston with 20 years' experience
and strictly temperate desires engagement
■ for the season in a first-class hotel or club:
if not .satisfactory will charge nothing as
trial. Address box 4676. Call office.
GOOD watchmaker and Jeweler, recently from
France, wishes a situation ■in a shop or
store. Address E. C, 514 Bush st. •
SITUATION wanted by elderly man around
place: understands care ■■ of horses; good
driver; can milk and do garden work; good '
references. Address box 4610. Call office.. ...
MARKF/" 4— Branch office of The Call want :
ads and subscriptions taken.
HELP WANTED—
WAITRESS^ south! $20; 2 waitresses. $20: j
chambermaid to wait, $20; restaurant wait-
ress. $6; 2 restaurant waitresses, $5. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
OPERATORS: machine work and button holes. i
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. |
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl, general ,
housework; small American family; must be
good plain cook, washer and Ironer; $20; no
fee. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NURSE; care of baby; woman who has had '
children preferred: $10; nice home; no fee. :
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
FRENCH second girl. city, $20; French second
girl, Alameda, $20; a- number of girls for city
and country, $15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. , ■.- j
YOUNG woman for store work: $3 50 week and
chance of advancement. C. R. HANSEN & :
CO.. 104 Geary st. ■ j
REFINED German chambermaid, $20; French !
girl, chamberwork. $20; 2 German second :
girls, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK; $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK; Eureka: $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter
street. '
WOMAN with a child; $10. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter et. _ | '
NEAT young girl; $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, Berkeley. $25; 12 house-
work girls, city and country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sntter st. j
FRENCH chambermaid; $25. MISS CULLEN, ;
325 Sutter Bt. . .
NEAT refined young girl as companion to j
children; $12 per month; short distance. MISS ;
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. • .
COOK San Jose, $30; see lady here at 11
o'clock. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, $25; seamstress by the day;
nurspgirl, $15. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
HOUSEGIRL. family of 2. no washing, $28. i
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st. [
HOUSEGIRL, Berkeley, $20. . see lady here;
second girl, $20; young girl to assist, $12; ;
housegirl. no cooking. $10; nursegirl. $10;
houseßirl. 2 in family. $15; colored housegirl.
$20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
GIRL for cooking and housework, nice Amer-
ican family, $25; 3 cooks. $25; 3 German and
Scandinavian second girls, I $20; waitress and I
sewing, $25; French, nurse. $20; cook, German I
style, small boarding-house, $25: stewardess
for restaurant, $6 week; chambermaid, plain
washing, $.16: 4 waitresses and chamber-
maids, $15. $20 and $6 week, and girls for
cooking and housework. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Neat : . middle-aged woman to cook
on an orchard, Santa Clara Co., $20; woman
with a child to cook. for a few boarders. $15;
girl for chamberwork and waiting, $18. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 day st. ;■■■-;.
OFFICE manager and cashier; forelady, laun-
dry, $40: linen-room woman, hotel experience.
313 Bush st.
LADY of cheerful disposition with good refer-
ences as invalid's companion. 313 Bush st.
LADY'S companion; French maid; governess,
boy 5 years. 313 Bush st.
GOVERNESS speaking French; managing
housekeeper, doctor's residence. 1023 Market.
10 GENERAL housegirls: cooks, waitresses
and chambermaids. ; 1023 Market st.
SECOND girl, $15: German second girl, $20.
MRS. LAMBERT. 417 Powell st.
HOUSEKEEPER, not over 30 years, for Wash-
ington. MRS. LAMBERT. 417 Powell St.
WANTED— IOO ladies and children immediately.
Call at Central Park to-day between 9 a. m.
and 5 p. m., at office. " . • * " .
GIRL :. wanted to do general housework. 107
■, Hayes st.
GIRL • for general housework; call early. 11
Sixth st.
NEAT girl for upstairs work; sewing and take
care of children. 1130 O'Farrell st.
GIRL '. for light , housework ; small family. ■ 5
. Howard court, near Fourth st.
YOUNG woman to do housework; wages $8. 533
: ■ Tur't st. / ■ ."' -.; vC ' '■' ■■■ , ■ ■/■■•■..
WANTED— German nursegirl about \l5
years ; old." Liberty Dairy, * Russia aye. and
Vienna st. , Mission road. ..-•.■--.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework: family : of
adults; must sleep at ; home; wages $10. . 809
Turk st. • . :-■ : : . • : ■
ANTED— Competent girl for general house-
•:- work. 2627 California st., near Scott.
HELP WASTED- Continued.
WANTED— A woman between 21 and 35 for
light house-work; good home; fair pay fo»
right party. Call for one week at 116 Taylor.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 634
Baker St., near McAllister.^
WANTED — First-class corset saleswoman for
Sacramento. Apply 523 Market st.. room 7,
from 2 to 3 p. m.
LEARN dressma- .ng and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper ; state experience and
ealary' expected. Address W. F.. box 05, Call.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. ITS Market
St.; monthly troubles, etc.. cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
Bt. ; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
i.INTH. 167— Branch office of r l_e Call; sub-
scrlptionB and want ads taken.
HELP WASTED-MALE.
TO^THE GREAT — MINES*:
10 common laborers, from SI 60 to $2 50 day;
10 men to wheel $2 10 day;
10 men to feed helpers $2 50 day;
10 furnace laborers $2 10 day;
10 calcination laborers $1 So day;
10 yard laborers $1 60 to $2 50 day;
board will cost $15 per month: remember no
experience required on any of these posi-
tions; steady jobs: S. P. R. R. has given us
special reduced rates to work?. MURRAY &
READY, I>eaaing Employment Agents, 634-
•M Clay st.
PAINTER, $2 day: pap°rhanger, $2 50 day,
for a country corporation for both Jobs.
MT'RRAY A READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BUTTER^MAKER and run a De Laral Baby
I two-separator, $30 and found ; 3 milkers, $25,
$20; 12 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $261
$25. $20 and $15: 3 ranch teamsters. $26 and
found; 2 milkers, la cows; 2 choremen for
ranches. $20. MURRAY & READY. Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GROCERY clerk. $40 Dry-goods clerk. »4»_
typewriter, stenographer and assistant
bookkeeper, combination man, $50. MUR-
RAY A READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
86 GOLD copper ■ — and gravel
miners, $2 50 day; 55 laborers for mines and
smelters. $2 10 and $2 50 day; these mines,
etc., belong to a great syndicate; steady Job,
MURRAY _ READY, 634-636 day St.
* COOKS, hotels $50. $45 and $30 1
3 restaurant cooks $65. $35 and $25 {
6 waiters, differe-nt places — $25 and $20;
2 night waiters $25-
MURRAY — READY, 634-636 Clay St.
BUTCHER, all-around man. $35 and found*
country shop; young man to work on a gen*
tleman's yacht. MURRAY & READY. 684*
636 Clay st.
VENT stopper for a meat-canrdng factoryv
$1 75 to $2 day; can stopper for a meat fao*
tory. $1 75 to $2 day. MURRAY & READY^
634-636 Clay St.
MARRIED Farmer and — 1««
for a ranch In Contra Costa County; no ob*
Jection to children: no other woman on ranch.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st^
8 STABLEMEN. $30 and found, country; wood*
turner, planing-mill. MT'RRAY & READYV
Leading Employment Agents. CM •>' 'lay st,
2 BOILER-MAKERS for a mining COrporatiOfb
steady Jobs; blacksmith fnr a ranch. $26 an<J
found*. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents. «34-*H ''lay 6t.
6 VEGETABLE gardeners. $26; 96 ttemakers,
he 9c 10c and lie each. MURRAY at
READY. Leading Employment Agents, 634-
636 Clay st.
126 WOODCHOPPERS for banks, corporations,
trusts, syndicates, sawmills and large r*nj*i-
owners, redwood and pine, 4cfoot wood, $1 25,
$1 and 70c cord; 25 pine woodchoppers, $1 58
cord. MURRAY A READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents. 634-fvtii Clay st.
TO GO TO-DAY
15 able-bodied men to work in the woodsf
common laboring work; any man can do It
argl make $1 a day and board. We ship to-
day.
AND — — —
6 men with some experience as woodsmen for
barking and bucking logs, $35 a month and
board; also to go to-day
20 woodchoppers, pee boss here a* our office to-
day —
IS woodchoppers, good timber, $1 60 a cord,
oak wood, near city, fare 35c; 14 woodchop-
pers for Santa Cruz County. $1 25 a cord;
and 25 tie-makers for the s=ame place. lOoi
each for 6xBxS ties; 2 carpenters, city; sash,
and door hand and window-frame maker, $3
a day each. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
MEAT and pastry cook for a summer resort.
$75: cook for a gentlemen's club. $45: cook,
small restaurant, near city, $40 and room;
short order cook. $35. C. R. KANSEN —
CO.. 104 Geary st.
BAKER and pastry cook, country hotel, $50
and found; extra baker and pastry cook. $1 50
a day and fare both ways. C. R. HAJVSBIN'
& CO., 104 Geary st.
MAN about place, $25 and found: hostler. It-v-
ery stable, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st., Employment Agency.
WANTED— 4 miners. $2 BO to $3 day: butcher,
country, $40: milker and butter-maker, $20;
cleaner and presser. $2 to $2 50 a day; German,
barkeeper. $13 a »p?k; laborers for country,
Jl 75 a day: wood-choppers. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— Man and wife for restaurant aa
second cook and cashier, $50; porter. $10; res-
taurant cook, $60 to $75: second cook. $40-
"butler, $30; errand boy for institution, $10 and
found, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Bread and cake baker for country
shop, $40 to $45 and found: gardener, for pri-
vate place in city, references required, $49
per month; American fanner, near city,
steady Job, $20: 2 farmers for hay field, near
city. $20; Scandinavian farmer, near city, $20;
chore man on ranch, $15; milkers. cook%
waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWER A
CO.. 626 Clay et.
WANTED — Cook. $80; lunch cook, country, 940|
waiter, short-order house, $35; waiter, $30|
dishwashers, $20 and $ln; boy in barroom, $18
to $20; Ironer. $35. etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stock-
ton st.
YOUNG man with $300 as manager and cash-
ier; a rare opening. 313 Bush St.
FIRST-CLASS bartender, hotel clerk, assistant
bookkeeper, office assistant. 313 Bush.
BOOKKEEPERS, traveling salesmen, office)
clerks, timekeepers and drivers rind posi-
tions. 313 Bush.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. South. 623.
200 TAILORS Immediately; to work, bomtL,
HOFFMAN. ROTHCHILD & CO.. 11 Battery^
WANTED — A well acouatnted city young drum-
mer to work grocers and restaurants on food]
shelves goods; mv. t state references ana
former employers: a steady place with a fu-
ture for the right man. Address box 4624. Call.
WANTED— Reliable persons in every section ta
distribute circulars, samples and tack signst
no canvassing; cash paid. WILL A. MOLTOX
CO.. Cleveland, Ohio.
WANTED— At once, 20 young men for boys'
brigade brass band. Apply O. S. W. PRIN-
GLE. Howard-st. M. E. Church. 643 Howard,
FIRST-CLASS coat-maker who understand*
cutting, for country. Apply REISS BROS..
24 Sutter st. _^
WANTED— FIr3t-class coatmaker to work la
store. 224 Ellis at.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. Wt
Eighth st.
GOOD barber wanted. 317 Fourth jrt^
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday at th*
Modern, 34 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted Saturday evening and Sun-
day morning. 921 Harrison st.
BARBER for Saturday ana Sunday. 703 How*
ard st.
WANTED— A boy who understands the butche*
business. Apply at 243 Fifth st.
WANTED— Boy at 744 Mission st. to mak*
himself generally useful.
WANTED— Confectioner as partner In flrrt-
class bakery; good chance. Box 4621, Call.
PIANO player at 741 Howard Bt. Call betweea
1 and 5 p. m.
WANTED— A man for nursery work and Job-
bing gardening. Catl at 500 Hatght st.
WANTED— Boy to attend office; must under*
stand care of horses. 1190 Mission st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United State-
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages oi
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of tha
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For
further Information apply at the recrultin*
office 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
BOY wanted to attend store and collect; ad-
dress in handwriting; state age and wages.
Address box 4637, Call.
WANTED— Working partner with some capital
to invest in good-paying business. Call or
address 9304 Mission St., room 6.
ROSEDALE HOUSE~32I Ellis— loo furnished
rooms; 25c night; $1 week; reading room.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; ISO larg«
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart »U
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 8.
rucHS, Sec, 326 Grant aye.; tel. Grant IM.HELP "WANTED— Continued.
WANTED — men and ordinary seamen for
Alaska Puget Sound. Mexico, etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE. 504 Davis st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Marl -00 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and bnggace to and from the ferry.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764V4 Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c _nd 25c per
night; COc. 90c and $1 per week.
SINGLE rooms. 100 and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
y WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
r clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Butter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
60>i PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price: half-soling, 35c. 959 Howard st
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 138 V. Eighth st.
£57 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted— Marat Halstead's great war
book. "Our Country In War"; all about
armies, navies, coast defenses, Maine disas-
ter. Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations; nearly 600 pages; all written
since Maine disaster; magnificent colored il-
lustrations; agents making $10 to $39 per day;
no experience necessary: liberal terms: -U
flays* credit; price low; freight paid: outfit
free; send i 1i 1 2-c stamps to pay postage. Edu-
cational Union, 324 Dearborn st., Chicago.
LIVE AGENTS for good paying proposition.
Apply 539 California st., room 1.
LADI and ■ tl-men to solicit for the Co-
operative Rlek Aid Society. Apply at room
20. 21 Powell St., bet. 1 and 4 p. m.
FURNITURE WANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery Ft.: hlsrh^pt prices paid. Tel 'avis 71.
ROOMS WANTED.
LARGE sunny unfurnished room, with ex-
tensive closet. Address box 23, Call branch
office. 106 Eleventh st.
"WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — buy 10 upright pianos $40 or $5(
each; spot cash. Address box 4625 Call office.
PAWNBROKER— OId geld. silver. cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLKMAN. 41 Third.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
L AS — » are selling good upright pianos for $<
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
fume as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
!ln good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 ' per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Pteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Suiter
Bts./ San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oak" and.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous«
west of Chl-a«ro Is KOHLER & Cx-ASK*-,
26. 2S and TO O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and -" other musical Instruments of all
grades and pri< — Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
CLARK. WISE _ CO.. cor. Grant aye. and
Geary St., agents Conover, Klngsbury and
ether pianos; opened May 1; new stock; spe-
cial prices; easy terms; inspection invited.
"CROWN" piano Is the greatest yet made;
free concerts this week at Fresno, Vallejo,
Nana. 1105 and 1223. Oakland, and at HOCK-
KTT BROS. & CO.'S. 230 Post St.
SECOND-HAND pianos at all prices; terms
extremely accommodating. BENJ. CURTAZ
_ BON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell St.. agents for the
Chickering nnd other pianos.
A. STEINWAY piano for $100; a Chickertng for
ISO; examine list of bargains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market st.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans.
Brigga and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
- BEST goods: lowest prices: easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
BARGAINS- $100, $125. $150; agency famous
Huines Bros. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
____. i ■ — — ■
$<!_— ELEGANT walnut upright for sale; $10
down. $5 a month. 221 Leavenworth st,
A FINK Emerson. $50; Steinway. $150. Room
12 Flood bid.. THE J. DEWING CO.
GREAT bargains; Decker. Schubert, Steinway,
Neuman. others. Hornung's. 215 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
NEW nianos rented. $3 per month. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
FINE large upright: sacrifice. 120 McAllister
t ft., flat No. 1.
A GOOD uprlrht. very cheap. 16 McAllister
st . next Hlber la Bank. .CHMITZ.
XXAUK pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER - CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and n-sw. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
(EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $'0; low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8.. Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarfa counting room makes you
thorough. Room 672, 555 Market st
SHORTHAND; to write - 100 words a minute;
taught in one month: terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
verslty, law and medical colleges. Phelan bdg.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth st., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds: 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yard*. 220 Valencia Ft. T. P. NEWELL.
"WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
i THREE-QUARTER end spring, ball bearing
axle rubber tire, piano body buggy. Can be
seen at O'BRIEN & SONS', Golden Gate a*re.
and Polk st. ,
FINE strong business buggy; must be sold. 709
Ashbury Bt.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 L arkln. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 flne top and open
bu,ggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
615 LARKIN— office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS Mgr..
88 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 2&0.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
•end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Work*. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
J MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson St.. tel. S 228; lowest rates.
CARPETB cleaned at 3c per yard: rel-id at So.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cftraning
Works, 14 Bth st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie -201.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 140 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a -yard: tel. Mission 74.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration wks, 413 McAllister: Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co. 402 Butter st.;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
gupscriptlonß and ads taken.
LOST. \.^ M I;
LOST— Black cocker spaniel; white breast: new
collar, witji blue ribbon. Return to 223 Web-
ster St.; reword.
IXJST— Satchel from 222 Post st., containing
books and papers; a liberal reward.
IVORY-HEADED cane, marked G. A. R. and
■I. G. Jessup: $1 reward. Apply at Call office.
FOUND.
FOUND— In Berkeley, April 2, a gentleman's
■■■■■M watch. Apply 1474 El.is st.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for.r.amplea and
prices. ALEXANDER-- CO.. 110 Montgomery.
YOST, good order, $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT _ BANNA 333 Montgomery at. |
4 v ATTORNEYS AT L...W. .(
* ADVICE free on ail ! legal matters. T. F.
STACK, 14 McAllister st., room 61.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
iW. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. ■
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$250— CIGAR store on Market St.. In the heart
of city. M. LESS, 705 Market st.
CORNER saloon, on Montgomery at.;
billiard table Included; living rooms; selling ]
on account of death in family. M. LESb, ibo
Market. ' — —
$400— RESTAURANT; few doors north of Mar-
ket St.; old established; receipts $25 to $30 per
day; a money-making place. M. LESS, its
Market st.
$1500— CORNER grocery and bar, 4 rooms and
bath, in -Western Addition; established 20 ,
years: big bar trade; well worth *2aCK>; : selling
on account of sickness. M. LESS _ CO.. too
Market st. .. - >.-.■-
?150: CIGAR store, few doors oft Market;,
splendid location; must sell. M. LESS, too
Market st. • , |
■.. '■ ST -PAVING restaurant in city; es- j
tablished years; kept by owner the last 5 j
years; private rooms; the very best business
i location; average dally receipts above *». in-
quire WILKE, 788 Market st.
. $2500— OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon In choicest
down- town location, with building; long
lease; doing a first-class paying business;
other engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
WILKE. 7,3 Market st.
A— s3oo; saloon, 2 doors from Montgomery St.,
i average daily receipts $12; rent $23. Inquire
i WILKE, 783 Market st.
$850— SALOON and lunch house; close to and
i patronized by the largest brewery of this |
city: doing a rushing business; good stock :
', and rare business opening. \vi_K._, 78J j
Market st. j
" $400-SALOON: flrst-class business; close to
Phelan building; a bargain. See «__«._.
. 783 Market et. '
; ! A— s3so; RESTAURANT, opposite cable house;
I transfer corner; good business; cheap rent.
WILKE, 783 Market Ft.
A— KREDO _ CO., Successful Brokers, 22%
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
$"!V— Stationery, books, Call and laundry flee.
*700— Photograph gallery; oldest on coast.
. Delicacy; line corner, with living rooms.
$400-11. bakery; 8 barrels dally: rooms.
$600— Restaurant and furnished flat; $20 dally.
■ $450— BEST shooting gallery; cigar stand pays j
, ran; clears $150. kredo & co., 22V. Geary. |
. : A-$125; BRANCH bakery, butter eggs ; fine liv-
" , ing rooms; daily receipts $10. KREDO _ CO..
2Y*i Geary st.
5 I $350— SALOON and lunch house; going to Alas-
. ka? MCLAUGHLIN _ CO.. 23 Kearny st.
j $650-COUNTRY store, saloon and dwelling;
hall in second story: large lot; worth VwQ.
1 no opposition; satisfactory reasons for sell-
ing. Mclaughlin & CO., 23 K.amy st.
! ! S2SOO— SALOON, country mining town; 2 stores,
. 2 cottages, 7 lots: half price; owner compelled
. to go East. MCLAUGHLIN. 23 Keary st.
! $700— FIRST-CLASS saloon; good location; daily
1 i trade $10 to $15; 6 private rooms; piano; card
room; fixtures and bar; good stock Invoices
'. near amount. Pacific Exchange, 995 Market.
1 i CORNER grocery and bar; without
I doubt one of the best business corners.
, '. $200— Partner wanted: commission business.
$300— Saloon; old-established: good corner,
i and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
I i restaurants. ANDERSON _ CO.. 777 Market.
i FOR BALE— Stock and fixtures branch bakery.
i confectionery, notions and newspaper agency;
3 living-rooms; rent $7; price $125. Apply
I I J. P. JOHNSTON _ CO., 572 Broadway, Oak-
[ land.
' $*00— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
given; short hours; duties light. 31 Third St.,
room 1.
' SALOON and restaurant complete; 4 living
rooms; opposite Bay District track; rent $25.
! UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery et.
' $1500— PARTNER wanted in small water plant.
planing mill and machine shop; location.
Winters, Ca!. Address J. A. LECHLEITER, j
Winters, Cal.
' iSALOON for sale Apply at the North Star
Brewer}'. Army and Mission ets.
I NEWSPAPER route and general news agency
for (ale. Address box 4627, Call office^
• SHOE repairer; small capital; good chance for
live man. 601 O'Farrell st.
i CORNER Baloon, good location: on account of
: other business; low price. Albany Brewery.
I A RARE chance for Investment in Oakland;
first-class restaurant for sale, clearing $250 j
• , per month: same owners 8 years; positively :
i i no opposition near; place located on Junction
of best two streets: cheap rent: reason for
• j selling, owners leaving for Europe. M. L.
WURTS. 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
• PROMINENT plumbing business for sale; es-
: tablished 12 years on principal business
street; price asked Is all in stock; good rea-
son for selling. Box 1712, Call office. j
SALOON in manufacturing district: good
j chance for right party; cheap rent; must be i
sold; good reason for Helling. Apply to DON- '
NELLY & BRAN NAN. corner Seventh and :
Mission sts :
GROCERY and bar; centrally located; doing a
nice business; cash -trade; excellent stock; 5
living rooms; owner retiring from business; i
rent cheap; no agents. Box 4649, Call office. j
HOTEL for sale — rooms." furnished; cost!
$SOOO 11 years ago; now asking $2200. Call at
tet Third St., get terms and make offer at
once. , j
RESTAURANT; bargain; receipts $40 to $50 per I
day; rent $22 W; must sell: disagreement of
partners; ia chance of a lifetime. 207 Second.
SALOON and lunchhouse wants partner with
$200 cash; good business; no agents; call and
see. 3263 Mission st., near carhouse.
$550 — FOR sale, ■ grocery and bar. F_¥ parti-
culars call at Washington Brewery.
$175— CORNER grocery and bar; 3 living rooms.
N. E. corner Fifth and Clara sts^ I
FOR -. le— 2 old-established groceries and bars; .
price $2500 and $1250. Apply Call office.
I PARTNER for wine and liquor business; small
capital. Call at 820 Valencia st.
! FOR sale or to Photograph gallery. In-
quire at 18 Third St.
I A FIRST-CLASS restaurant on Market Bt.,
sold cheap If taken this week. B. & J. GEI_.
107 Sixth st. ,'
i FOR SALE— Bakery and notion store cheap.
j A. 0., box 12, Call office-.
; RESTAURANT for sole; best location In Oak-
land; owner has other business. K. D., box 4,
Call. Oakland.
THE best paying cigar and fruit stand in the ]
city for sale cheap. Apply at Call office.
i BARBER shop for sale; paying. Inquire at
103 Eddy st.
FOR sale — route at Santa Cruz. Apply at
j Call business office or to J. H. MOON. Santa
Cruz.
FOR SALE — Call route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE, San Jose.
I SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN. Lorln, Cal.
1 COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING » _»USES FOR SALE.
i 64-ROOM corner house; clears $200 $1,500
! 20 rooms; near City Hall; worth $1000 650
j 256 rooms; clears $400 4,500
6 rooms and bath: flat: only 175
24-room house: new; $750 cash 1,400 j
46 rooms on Market; rent $75 1,400
60-room apartment house 4,000
84-room house on Howard 700
— New and good 475
$1600— On Market St.; clears ;.... 2&0 I
$1100— Only $600 cash; corner 17 rooms j
$200— On O'Farrell st. ; flat 7 rooms i
$1400— Best in the cltv- fine corner 60 rooms
List your houses with me, I can sell them.
I want no exclusive contract.
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1080 Market at.
MONEY TO LOAN MONET TO LOAN
On Furniture at 2% per cent
• Insurance at Cut Rates
14 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel, only $350
15 rooms. Post St.; rent $50; flne 850
19 rooms; rent $27; a money maker ' 400
20 rooms; rent $55; Investigate this 600
■ 21 rooms: rent $25; Income $100 425
24 rooms; Market 6t. : brand new 1200
25 rooms; rent $55; part cash 350 i
I 41 rooms; rent $140; near Orpheum 2700 i
44 rooms; rent $100; strictly first class 1300
/ WINSTON & CO., 648 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22H
Geary St. •.
265 rooms; clears $400 monthly $5000
105 rooms; elegant: net receipts $3000 4500
60 rooms; Market; best in city 2500 i
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient 2000 I
30 rooms: Keamy; elegant offices 2600 j
25 rooms; best on Post; bargain,. 1550 '
12 rooms; Powell; elegant 800 '
6-room flat: Ellis St.; free rent 250
Hundreds of others at your own price.
A— sl2oo; 4S-ROOM house, clearing about $125
per month: rent low; 2 blocks north of Mar-
ket st. WILKE. 753 Market st.
! NO. 1 bargain: owner must attend other in-
terests: 82 rooms; rent low; clearing $125
month: part cash. Address M., box 4652. Call.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson. Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof. Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10
connecting with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon, the F. M. Smith: unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers; before j
making contracts call at general office, 630 !
Market at. ' -
NEW, improved, cheap processes for treating
refractory low-grade gold ores. Address Pro-
fessor H. Gilbert Coyle, E. M.. the Baldwin.
PHYSICIANS. ~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Virket; diseases of women a specialty.
. BICYCLES. ,
WANTED— second • hand; • state price,
etc. Box 4631, Call.
■ •■ ; -
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 21, 189 S.
HOUSES TO LET.
$25 — SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry:
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth st.
ALL OVER TOWN —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT S-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake sts.; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st.
LEAVENWORTH. 411— House, 9 rooms, bath.
Inquire of EASTON & ELDRIDGE or 1323
O'Farrell st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 362SA— Sunny cotta_re, S rooms, base-
ment; rent $S; rear cottage.
MODERN OOttage; 401 Laurel st, corner Sacra-
mento; Presidio Heights; sun all day. Apply
MADISON _ RI.'RKE.
5-ROOM sunny cottage; water free; reduced
from $12 to $10. Apply 2316 Pine.
$20— COTTAGE, 5 rooms; prettiest in city; new;
2963 Twenty-first St.; key at corner grocery.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
TAYLOR. 810 — Completely rural .hed sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 pm.
FLATS TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, lv Montgomery Bt.
A SUNNY flat of 7 rooms; bath- all modern Im-
provements; rent reduced. 2658 Market st.
CHEAPEST flats in the city; 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; rent $18 and $20; Capp st.. bet. 22d
and 23d. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
CALIFORNIA. 2510-2 sunny flats: 4 rooms and
bath each; $17 50 and $10; basement flat. $9.
ELEGANT new flats; flne location; light and
sunny. Buchanan St., bet. Oak arid Page.
FULTON, 144— Fine middle flat; « rooms; bath;
modern: $30; near City Hall.
GROVE. 146, near City Hall— Elegant top flat;
5 rooms; bath.
HANDSOME new sunny 4-room flat: rent $13 50.
2976 Twenty-third St., near Harrison.
HAVES, 647— Modern built upper flat, bay-
wlndi.w: 7 rooms and bath: key middle floor.
HOWARD. 639— Upper flat; all newly papered
and cleaned; 5 rooms; rent reduced; $13.
JACKSON, 3601— Corner; lower flat: new; sep-
arate entrance; 5 handsome sunr.y rooms;
kitchen ami. bath: fireplaces, presses, yard,
etc.; unobstructed view of the bay; adults
preferred; $2u a, month.
LINDEN aye.. 472. Hayes Valley— Upper flat of
4 rooms; sunny side; $9.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat. 7 rooms; bath;
WO. Key 725.
MoALLIBTXR, 2' 4B— Sunny bay window flat, S
rooms and hath; rent $15.
MIPFION. 1816, near Eleventh—* large sunny
rooms, bath, laundry and yard; rent $18.
NICELY furnished fiat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply 11! Liberty St.
OAK. 505, near Buchanan— Handaome sunny
flat: 7 rooms; latest conveniences; flne loca-
tton; moderate rent.
POLK, 1710. ne;ir clay— New bay-window sun-
ny flat; 7 r.>. >ms and bath; $2.'..
SANCHEZ, 488, corner EiKhteenth— Flat of 6
r ml and bath; $12.
SANCHEZ and Twenty-third— Modern upper
flat • :' 4 r""Pn.
tlful flats in warm belt of Mis-
sion; rewly tinted and painted throughout: t>
MUM, bnth and latest improvements; floors
deadened: 1001 and VMM l'olores St., corner
Twenty-third; rent cheapest In city; upper
reduced from $20 to $20 and lower reduced
from tat" to $1S; now open for Inspection.
M kDISi IN „ BP__O_
TWENTT-NINTH, 442, near Noe— Flat; 5
rooms and bath; $12.
4 AND c room flats on Twelfth *t. and Glen
Park aye., $13. $14, $15. fIS and $23 60. DEMP-
STER. 36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch offlce of The Call. Subscrip-
tlon* and wn.nt ads taken.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 440 Thirteenth, cor. Guerrero, nunny fur-
nished housekeeping room; kitchen; bath; $10.
BUCHANAN. 602. corner Fell- -I.ar»;e bay-Win-
and klich-n; first floor; sun ail day; $11.
EIGHTH, 24fi — Nice sunny housekeeping rooms,
from $6 up.
POURTH, i2s— Furnished rooms, suitable for I
gentlemen; also housekeeping, $1 a. week up.
FIFTH, 314 — Large sunny front bedroom and
k;tchen; bath; closet; sink; running water;
private; $11.
FIFTH. 353. formerly 325— Furnished housekeep-
ing; 2 parlors; kitchen; bath; $22; also 1. $7.
M. 73. • -Nice HU'iny houx-ket-plng rooms,
$1 75 and up: single room fur $1.
FOT'RTH, 411 — 2 rooms and 1 large room for
housekeeping; $9 and $6 per month.
GEARY, EM — Formerly 518; elegant sunny
suites for light housekeeping; double and
s'.ng-ie r. ■ mi ,
GEARY, UISH— B comfortable furnished rooms
for housekeeping; $15.
GEARY, 1919— For adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; 120.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye. — Unfur-
nished sunny 3-room suites, with gas stove.
HOWARD, TO4, corner Third— Finely furnished
front rooms; also housekeeping, furnished
complete; cheap.
HOWARD, 782 Neatly furnished front rooms;
chap; housekeeping if desired.
HOWARD, ISO 6, cor. Fourteenth— 3 sunny front
rooms, $8.
LEAVKNW' IiITII, 811—4 rooms, bath, furnl-
ture; for young couple; no children; ref.: $18.
MARKET, lOtt-r-Parlor, bedroom and kitchen,
$10 a month; unfurnished rooms, cheap.
MCALLISTER, 340—2 sunny furnished rooms
for house-keeping.
MINNA. 734— Front room and kitchen for
h"UM-keepli!K; n<> children.
MISSION. S3S— Large sunny rooms complete for
houKekefping; $2 a week.
MISSION, 925Vi— Completely furnished sunny
front housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
MISSION, 1217— Front sunny alcove suite com-
pute for housekeeping: alHo single rooms.
MISSION. 1534- TWO bright sunny parlors for
housekeeping in quiet family; rent reason-
able; also single rooms.
N ATOM A. 645— Three sunny furnished rooms;
complete for housekeeping: rent $12 month.
NINETEENTH, 4('r>?, near Cnstro— Elderly Ger-
man lady wishes small family to take part of
flat: near car lines.
OCTAVXA, 14^3, cor. Geary— 3 sunny rooms,
single r >r en suite; one bay window.
SEVENTH, 160— Large unfurnished front
room; $8.
SIXTH, 429 — Nice large sunny front room for
light housekeeping; rent cheap.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Most elegant, sunny cor.
flat; 3 rooms and bath; complete for house-
keeping ; no children; all front rooms.
VAN NESS, 10S1. nr. Geary St.— Front sunny
suite. $22 B0; one suite for $15; gas range.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
Btatea. postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
EIGHTH, 608, near Broadway Station— 2 sunny
front rooms, complete for housekeeping.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 2ic; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 1-7 Kearny Ht.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
AT 241 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths;- gas; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA. 2"8 Post— Elegant rooms; reason-
able rates; bath; gas; elevator; very central.
CENTRAL aye., 416, near Park— For gentle-
man; largre sunny room, newly furnished.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $3. $10 mo.
EDDY, 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $5 a month and up^
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms, per night,
50c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families.
BDDY, 47:> date 427)— Neat sunny room; rent
$fi a month.
EDDY, 761— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath; gae; private family; very reasonable.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Ca__ot)-_ p irst-Class Bunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
FOURTH, 486—2 unfurnished sunny front
rooms.
GEARY, 622— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; also single rooms; bath and (as.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 503— Two sunny fur-
nished rooms; single or together; gaa; bath;
reasonable.
GLOBE Houso. 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission- Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per wt:«:k.
| ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
JESSIE, 164,' near Palace Hotel— Nice sunny
front rooms; other rooms,' $1 week up. ■
MASON, 18 (Silver Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3; suites,
$4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week. ;
MISSION, 1226— Nice large sunny parlor, piano;
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
MONTGOMERY aye.. 233,' corner Broadway—
3 rooms en suite; 2 bay windows; suitable for
business or profession; very cheap.
NATOMA. 603. off — Sunny bay-window,
front room, cheap. -■....
O'FARRELL.' 210 A— Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL. 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, Large front room, well fur-
nished, $10; sunny single room. $7.
PHILADELPHIA Furnished rooms. 75c
week and upwards. 421 Bush st. .. ; . ,
POST — Sunny suite or single rooms: first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POWELL. 612— Private family has a front room
to let; newly furnished; reasonable.
SECOND, 52— Nice clean single, double and
light housekeeping rooms, $1 a week up.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.. I
near Furnished and unfurnished.
TURK. 405— Sunny suites, double and single ;
rooms: also 3 front connecting rooms com-
plete housekpg; range: bath; running water.
TAYLOR, 109— Sunny double room with sep-
arate beds, $10: sunny single room, $1 50.
MONTGOMERY. 527, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp- |
tlons and want ads taken.
1 — : I
~ ROOMS A-.D BOARD.
EDDY. 626 (Irvlngdale)— Sunny rooms; unexcep- j
tionable table; select location; suites $40 up;
single $20.
i ELEGANT sunny rooms; new house; new fur-
niture; also first-class meals: healthiest part
of San Francisco. The Sirlus, 1505 Stockton.
ELLIS. Nicely furnished rooms, best
board: $20 per month.
FOLSOM. Ml— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location,
HYDE,- — Sunny rooms; good board: pretty
grounds; select location. Mrs. Brotherton.
HYDE, • 408— Double and single rooms; first- 1
class board: Spanish: $20 a month up.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board. $3 per '
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week. ;
SUTTER 112S— Sunny suite: single rooms: first-
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
THE Oriel— With or without board; new, ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st.
suites, with board for 2, $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
TURK. — Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
bath; excellent home cooking; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., 80S— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern: newly furnished: with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ELDERLY lady wishes 1 or 1 children to
board, attention and best of care; terms easy.
Address 437 Sixth St., upper flat. .
AN elderly lady will take Infnnt* to board; a
mother* care: r»ferencP3. 234U, Sixth- at.
STORES TO LET. .
STORE or factory, well lighted middle, all
over: 26x150 or part. 519 Howard at.
OFFICES TO LET.
1
FINE partly furnished of flees. 901 Sutter St.,
corner Leavenworth. _^
FACTOR IKS TO LET.
MISSION, 579. opp. Wells-Fargo'a Express-
Second floor; power available for straw
works, paper box, shirt, shoes, factories, etc.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Daviea.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace j
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else foil: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted: travelers treated; no
delay "-elf-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M DA VIES, 69 McAllister
St.; pills, $1: very strong. $2; cure, $5. -=> I
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef- ;
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre- ;
ventive; price $160 per .box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price:' consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant, aye.. 8. •F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. ■
NEW process; I a great progress In medical
rclence for female trouble; no matter from
what cause; no medicine or Instruments
used- restores In one day without fall; every
woman her own physician; every cane guar-
anteed: consultation free: can be sent and
used at home; by the well icnown DR. POP-
PER, 318 Kearny at. : pills and capsules, $1. |
DRS. GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases ,
of women; Irregularities from any cause re-
stored in one day, or no charge: restores
strength and vigor of organ unexcelled; ma-
ternity home; best medical attendance; low
fees: cure, $5; pills, $1; when others , fall.
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
McAllister st. . j
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
homo In confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed: consultation free and
confidential; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 203 Turk St.. near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best :
possible care; with privacy of home and con- j
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk at.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
: cases of monthly irregularities, from what-
i ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, .$5: travelers helped Instantly;
home in confinement: consult free: hours lOto ;
I 6, 7to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
I DR. and MRS. WEOENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.. private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes.
DR. WISE'S private sanitarium. 307 Jones St..
formerly of 800 Kearny and late of Bel view
Hospital, N. V. ; diseases of women; ; advice
free; experienced lady attendant.
A BOON to wives and mothers— S^suro; price
$160; RICHARDS & CO., 4^6 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for.- particulars to Spguro Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
ftmaie troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium, 1412 Mason St.; pri-
vate home In confinement; competent physi-
cians and nurses; time. re_s. Powell-st. cars. <
ELECTRICAL treatments; cures all monthly
irregularities; no medicine: no pain; lady at-
-tendaiU; hours 9-4. 7-8. 2208 V. Mission at.
DRS. DONOVAN, 18P6 Folsom st., takes ladles
at her home In their confinement; terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential.
DR. f. HALL, 8 McAllister st. ; diseases of
women and children.
LADIES— Dr. Puet2; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. -84H Fourth st.
~ FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
ST. BERNARD fox terrier pups: champion
pedigree. St. George Kennels, 120 Douglass
St., between Seventeenth and Eighteenth. \~
FOR SALE- 10 Jersey calves, sired by a grand-
son of Eurotas. G. B. MORSE. Bollnas, Cal.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun- I
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and. sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth. ,
DOMESTIC sewing machine. 8 drawers, all at-
tachments: nearly new. 1915 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND hose for irrigation purposes;
pumps, gasoline engines, etc. H. S. WHITE,
614, 516, 618 Mission St.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2. b0wl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
BCHMIDT, 623 Golden Qate aye.
j LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl,
goods; new, 2d-hand. . Smith Co., 527 Mission.
' J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. .; Mo-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever.  Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 - Sacramento.
I SAFES— in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
I GRAPHOPHONES, $10; Records, $5 per do«.;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, . scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, | etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
PIANO and furniture of 4 rooms. 636% Natoma
at. ; no reasonable offer refused. :
'SEWING; MACHINES. . ~
ALL kind, bought, sold, '■ exchanged, rented; :
1 repairing, lowest rates. 20* Fourth st. , .
PKRSOXAIiS.
KENNEDY, ELLEN (maiden name), born New-
castle West, Limerick, write J. C. BUSH BY,'
Attorney, Nassau St., New York; money
awaiting. ' ' ■ -
MATRIMONY.
ALL seeking marriage send 12c for May "Wed-
ding Bell," IS pgs.: 676 gents; 423 ladies: no *5
fee. EDITOR. 11l Ellis St., San Francisco. Cat.
BUSINESS 1 ERSONALS.
COSTLESS clothes— made to order:
clothes that fit; clothes that Jar the high
priced tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS. 920 Broadway, Oakland.
REMEMBER. I have but one price to every-
body, 25c. Hair dressed la mode for 25c only;
good switches $1; best, finest quality. $3 50;
extra heavy, long, $5; open Sundays from I to
12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to »1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
DRESSMAKING— Ladies' and children's suits
made at reduced rates. 85 Ninth st.
CEMETERY fences; best work; lowest prices.
DOUGLASS, 1716 Central aye.. nr. Bush st.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic will positively cure
dandruff. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
trained nurse. Office heated. 579 Geary st.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st. '
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and'Stti.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Ele^aj^ stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. M.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st. - ■ ■
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium: while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers < lost,
stolen or burle property: locates treasure*.
minerals; tells your entire life, rast, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. | Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. f>nd stamp for circular with
special terms. MR.i. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
MME. DE AMBRY, medium and card reader;
ladies only; no triflers. 815% O'Farrell st.
MME. HANSON* pr.:mlst; card-reader* ->ast.
present and future: 25c. 14E Sixth st., room 10.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card-reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny St., room 2. ;
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 911 OFarrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— In her pro-
fession; never falls: advice: help. 929 Post st.
JV. ;'■'■ SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister; tel. Jessie,
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
GO to MRS. MICHAEL for the best card read-
er: ladies only. 53 Albion aye. ■•
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. read-
ings $1; clr. Tups.. Frl . 2 p. m. Sat.. 8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
ASTROLOGY— fortune by your name; oc-
cult science. 911H Mission st.
MRS SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123H Sixth et.. room 2.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dlum. 118 Halght Bt.
Ml- IKY.
MRS. CHANDLER; readings Tues., Thurs:.
Sat. at hall. 305 I.arkln St.: Hon., Wed., Fri.
residence. 353 Peary ft. ■
DENTISTS.
A FULL pet of teeth, $3; see new flexible
plates; tight and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and : -arranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists; painless extraction;
teeth, per set, $5 up; gold filling. 75c up; sil-
ver. 25c up: old plates made over. $1 up; all
work warranted; ope.n evenings and Sundays.
»69 Mission St., cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL 1443 Market st., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates i ade over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 8 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAIT VKOOM Electro Dental Tarlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings, 2.'c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR LUELLA COOL, 554 Sutter; crowns, $5;
aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL worit reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market St.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
STORAGE.
AT low rates — Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made.. J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1022
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings. _
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN,
121 Sixth St., open evenings.
TRUNKS. "fie a mo.; other goods at low rates.
Signal Transfer Co.. 530 Jones: tel. Sutter 441.
— — — — —
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Pursuant to an
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School of San Diego, California, no-
tice is hereby given that scaled proposals
will be received by said board until 10 o'clock
a. m. of June 24, MM, for furnishing: the
materials and performing the labor necessary
for the erection and completion of the cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building. •
Separate proposals . will be received and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the. labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of said
building, to wit: 1, For the masonry work.
Including all brick, concrete and cement
work and all necessary excavations and fill-
ing* 2. for the iron work; 3, for the carpenter,
plastering, electric and glazing work; 4, for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work; 5, for the
tinning and galvanized iron work; 6, for
painting and varnishing.
No proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied with a bond of such proposer,
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that If hi« proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter Into a proper con-
Each proposal must' be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and, together
with the above-mentioned bond, inclosed in
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of San Diego, with an
Indorsement thereon showing what portion of
the building is covered by the inclosed pro-
posal -and delivered to the Merchants' Na-
tional' Bank of San Diego, California, before
10 o'clock a. m. of June 24, ISPS.
Said proposals. will' be publicly opened and
contracts based thereon will be made on
June 24, 1898, at 10 o'clock a. m., at room 35,
Fisher Opera-house block, In Diego, Cali-
fornia.
The contractors to whom contracts are
awarded will be required to file, with said
board a good and sufficient bond to the
amount of 23 per cent of the contract price
for the faithful and proper performance of
his contract.
The plans and specifications of said build-
ing can be seen during business hours at the
office of Hebbard & GUI, architects, Grant
building, San Diego. California. _
The Board of Trustees reserves the right
to reject any or all proposals made.
State Normal School of San Diego, Call-
°By W K. GUY, President Board Trustees.
j Attest: ROBERT C. JONES. , Secretary.
PROPOSALS for hardware, plumbers' mater-
ials, lumber, paints, oils. etc., furniture, fuel,
stovepipe, stationery, library books, physical,
chemical and other apparatus and supplies.
Tainting, lithographing, etc.— Sealed proposals
will be received by the Superintendent of
Common Schools in open session of the Board
of Education, on Wednesday. May IS. 1888. at
4-30 o'clock p. m., for furnishing the School
Department of this city and county during
the fiscal year 1898-99 with hardware. . plumb-
ers' materials, lumber, paints, oils, etc.. fur-
niture fuel, - stovepipe, stationery, library
books' etc.. and for doing the printing and
lithographing required during the said fiscal
year, in accordance with specifications at the
office of the Board of Education, City Hall. ;
The parties to whom contracts are awarded
will .be required,' prior to or at the time of
/execution of ■ the contracts, :. to ' pay their pro-
<-s»rtion of the cost of advertising. - -
j CHAS. W. WELCH, Secretary. c
' ■ " " ' ' "
CITY REAL ESTATE.
| COTTAGE, 4 rooms and bath, for sale.
101 St. Mary's aye.. nr. old St. Mary's College.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
SMALL well improved ranch near to town; a
bargain for cash; must sell. Box 4650, Call.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrappers, for mailing.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots ard acreage; easy terms; 4s minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market St.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET. ; 1
souiEs~TO "letljToTkland. ™—
Corner cottage. 5 rooms ..$l7
. Lower sunny flat, 5 rooms 12
Upper modern fiat. 6 rooms .14
2-story neat 6-room house 18
Choice sunny 8-room house '. 23
10-room residence, fine - 60
These an.l many more, both larger and
smaller. WM. M.DEWOLF, 1053 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
MODERN cottage; 5 rooms; neatly furnished;
near cars; $18. Apply 32 San Pablo aye.,
Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE. 5«2 Eighth «t.
OAKLAND FURNITURE j FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 403 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA 'ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SNAP— house and bath; lot 50x150; good
location; 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner. 1612 Chapln St.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
TO let— Fine 6-roTim house; good location; $16.
J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IMPROVED property across the bay; sell
cheap or exchange. See ISAACS, 409 O'Far-
rell st. _^
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The. Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
PROPERTY WANTED.
RESIDENCE lot wanted— north or west
side of street, located within boundaries of
Van Ness, Baker, Broadway and Washing-
ton sts. ; not to exceed $3750. Address box 46.>*.
WANTED— lease fruit ranch 40 acres. Ad-
dress H. FARMER, Woodside, San Mateo
County.' *
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
. pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential : private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny st., upstairs.
ANY amount at 6^4 per cent on real estate: 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Me-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 943 Market st. ; tel. Green 204. '-.:-;.r::
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval low rates: no commission: $25 up:
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
$100,000 TO loan on income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
i bate, etc. Room 7. 508 California st.
! $60 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
j any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
1 CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etr:. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
iON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY WANTED.
' MODERN residence wanted: 7 to 10 rooms ;
north or west side of street on Pacific or
Presidio Heitrhfe: cost not to exceed $snon;
state price and details. Address box 4659, Call.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS en real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates. MeAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason St.. bet. Market and Eddy.
LEGAL NOTICES.
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to the
statute in such case made and provided, no-
tice is hereby given that the Southern Pa-
• cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-
way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way Company and the California Pacific
Railroad Company, railroad corporations in-
corporated and existing under the laws of
the State of California, upon the written con-
sent of the stockholders holding more than
three-fourths In value of all the stock of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors of
said corporations, made and entered into in
accordance with such consent, and pursuant
to the statute in such case made and pro-
vided, did, on the 14th day of April, A. D.
, IS3B amalgamate and consolidate their capital'
stock, debts, property, assets and franchises
under the corporate ■ name and style of the ,
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
J. L. WILLCUTT,
Secretary of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company.
San Francisco. Cal.. May 6. IS9S.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Antonio Flores^and Loretta Yboliche... 23-16
j Frederick Verbarg and Adele A. Dressier.. 26
Andrew Christiansen and Caroline Lassen..3C-26 i
: Reinhold Rilse and AnnaHenrlgson. 34-43 |
; Hugh W. Rodgers and Pauline Stewart 30-21 j
Richard A. Maertlms and Mary Cohn 32-27
Lulgl Travftrso and Rosa Traverso 30.24 i
" BiRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices . sent by
I mall w.11! not be Inserted. They must be
' handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have he same published.
HORN.
CARPENTER— Truckee. Cal., May 1«. 1898,
! to the wife of H. H. Carpenter, a son.
| LAMBERT— In Riverside, May 18, IS9S, to the
wife of Nell Lambert, a daughter.
! MEXTUN— Pine Lor. May 8. 1898, to the
! .wife of E. J. Mentun, a daughter.
! WILLIAMS— Near Princeton. May 1L 1898, to
the wife of Charles H. Williams, a son.
MARRIED.
ALLEN— FULLEN— In Angels Camp, May 10,
IS9B, by, John Cooley, J. P., Leonard M. Allen
' and Carrie Fullen. .
BREUNING— MACKIE— this city, May 19,
1898, by the Rev. William N. Meserve, Arnold
D. Preunlng and Mabel Mackie, both of San
Francisco.
GORE— BAILEY— Near Cornwall, May 8, IS9B,
by the Rev. F. L. Wales, Joseph Gore and
Lizzie Bailey. ...
■ JENSEN— ALLISON— At the Carson Creek
Mine, May 15,. IS'.»S. by John Cooley, J. P.,
■ John Jensen and Hannah F. Allison.
; PROVINES— STRONG— In Mountain View,
Cal.. May 18, IS9B. by the Rev. F. A. Doane,
Lewis B. Provines and Emma H. Strong, both
of Healdsburg. Cal.
i TOLSAN— TYSON— In this city, May 19. 1898,
by the Rev. Paul Branke, Karl Tolsan and
Cora Tyson.
VISO— WRIGHT— In Angels Camp, May 3, 1398,
by John Cooley, J. P., Mitchel Viso and
Sintha Wright. ■
DIED.
Barry, Eliza M. Lucey, Maggie
Barton. William W. - McCluer, John H. '
Bertola, Catherine McCracken, Mary
Campbell, Judge J.A. McEvoy, Thomas
Chard, .Henry C. Metastazlo, Mary
Cllggett. Nellie Miller. William '
Coburn. • Mabel Mutner. Maria
Copeland, Lizzie Niblock, Jane ■ •
Coulter. Ann ■ Pearson, Dr. J. E.
Fischer, Mrs. Rhoda' Scrimlnger, Evan M.
Calvin, James A. ■ Bheehan, John- H. ■
Gatto, Louis Shepheard, .. John J.
'Hall, Jennlson C. Stock, Edward
Harvllle, . Phoebe J. Spiedel, Joseph
Haskins,. Martha J. ' Tetlow, Samuel
, Jacobsen,. Kate : Wettstein, < Edward
Layden. William Wilds, George T.
Lepori. ■ Gluglia ; , , . ,
BARRY— In this olty. May 19. 1893, "Eliza Mary,
dearly - beloved wife of the late Theodora A.
* Barry, and mother of Alice and Agnes Barry,
aged 68 years 11 months and 25 days. .
BARTON— In this city; May 18, 1898. William
W., beloved husband of the late Alice Barton,
and grandfather of Edith and Everett Allen,
a native of England, aged 70 years.
C7"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente. Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton street,
thence to Riggers' and Stevedores' Hall, 803
Montgomery, street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
RIGGERS' AND STEVEDORES' UNION AS-
sociation— -funeral -detail from Thomas
Kelly to John Maloney, Inclusive, will assem-
ble at their hall to-morrow (Sunday), at 1
o'clock sharp, to attend the funeral of our
late brother, William Barton. By order
A. CAMPBELL, President.
F. E. DURHAM. Rec. Sec.
BERTOLA— In Martinez, May 13, IS9B, Cath-
erine Bertola, a native of Italy, aged 65
years.
CAMPBELL— In this city. May 16, 1898, Judge-
James, A., beloved husband of Eugenia F.
Campbell, and devoted father of Aleta
Campbell, a native of Washington County,
Pa., aged 48 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from King Solomon's
Hall. Masonic Temple, corner Post and Mont-
gomery streets. Funeral under the auspices
of South San Francisco Lodge No. 212, F.
and A. M. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
CHARD— In this city. May 19, 1898, Henry C.
Chard, a native of England, aged 60 years.
CT The funeral services will be held
this day (Saturday), at 3 o'clock, at the
rooms of X. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CLIGGETT— this city. May 18, 1898. Nellie
Cllggett, a native of Paris, France, aged 23
years. :.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday)., at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
thence to Laurel Hill Cemetery.
COBURN— In Emeryville. May 20, 1898. Mabel,
beloved and only daughter of Mrs. Elizabeth
and J. C. Coburn, and sister of John and
Will Coburn, a native of Marln County, Cal.,
aged 17 years 4 months and 15 days.
IPTriendJ and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Emeryville station. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
COPELAND— In this city. May 20, 1898, Liz-
zie, relict of the late Alexander Copeland.
and beloved mother of William Abels and
John H. Copeland, a native, of Aberdeen,
Scotland, aged 46 years.
. (TT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. IS2 State street. Interment private.
COURTER— In Pajaro, May 17. 1898, Ann Cour-
ter, a native of England, aged 74 years' 2
months and 25 days.
FISCHER— In Woodland, Cal.. May 17, 1898.
Mrs. Rhoda M. Fischer.
GALVIX— this city. May 20. 1898, James An-
drew, beloved husband of Agnes Ellen Galvln.
and brother of John J. Calvin, a native of
New York, aged 39 years 10 months and 8
days.
[t^Notlee 'of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of McGinn Bros., 81
Eddy street. ■*■'■'-■
GATTO— In this city, May 18, 1898, Louis, be-
loved husband of Mary Gatto, and .ather of
Annie Gatto, a native of Italy, aged 44 years.
IC?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 7 Gaven place, off Montgomery ave-
nue, between Filbert and Greenwich streets.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALL— In Alameda, May 20, IS9S, Jennison C,
beloved husband of Emma Wiggins Hall, a
native of Massachusetts, aged 58 . years.
(Massachusetts and Rhode Island papers
please copy.)
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from Christ Epis-
copal church.
HARVILLE— this city. May 20, 1898. Phoebe
J., beloved mother of John S. and B. F. Har-
ville and Mrs. W. F. Deitemeler, a native of
Vermont.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Richmond
Congregational Church, corner Seventh ave-
nue and Clement street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery. - .: ; . •
HASKINS— In this city. May 20, 1893. Martha
J., beloved wife of Joseph W. Haekins, and
mother of Amanda. Lillie, Addle, Edith and
Lucy Haskins, a native of Ohio, aged 49
years.
JACOBSEN— In this city. May 20, 1898, Kate,
beloved wife of Alexander Jacobsen, a na-
tive of Ireland. =--'*■' X
LA YUEN— In this city. May 19, 1898, William,
beloved son of the late Andrew and Jane
Layden, and brother of Andrew, Mamie and
the late John Layden, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 25 years.
(C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue.
Interment private..
LEPORI— In this city, Gluglia Leporl. a native
of Switzerland.
LUCEY— Port Costa, May 20, 1898, Maggie,
beloved wife of John Lucey. mother of Den-
nis and Maggie Lucey. and sister of Jere-
miah and Ellle Crowley, Mrs. J. Creedon,
_ Mrs. J. Hennessy and the late Mrs. D. Casey,
a native of the parish of Kilnamartyra,
County Cork, Ireland.
K7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McCLt'ET*— ln Sacramento, May 19. 1893, John
Henry, husband of Mrs. Agnes McCluer, a
native of Jackson, Mich., aged 39 years and
10 months.
ICThc funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), nt 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors, corner Geary and Stockton streets,
San Francisco.
■ McCRACKEN— In this city. May 20. 1898, Mary,
dearly beloved wife of the late Arthur Mc-
Cracken, and mother of Arthur and Edward
McCracken. aged 32 years.
McEVOY— In Astoria, Or., May 16, 1898, Thomas
McEvoy, dearly beloved husband of the late
Elizabeth McEvoy, father of James J. and
the late Delia. Annie, Mary. William H. and
Thomas F. McEvoy, and grandfather of
Annie and Luke Moore, a native of County
Loath, Ireland, aged 81 years and 4 days.
METASTAZIO— In this city, May 20. 1898,
Mary, beloved daughter of the late Alex-
andro and Anna Metastazlo, and Bister of
Emllio Metastazlo and Mrs. Stefano, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 16 years and 8
months.
MILLER— In this city. May 19. 1898. William.
i beloved husband of the late Magdalena Miller. ',
and father of John C, William H. and
George E. Miller, a native of Edinburgh,
Scotland, aged 63 years 8 months and 2 days.
IT-TThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1739 Butter street. Interment I. O. i .
F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MUTHER— In this city. May 19. IS9B. Maria
Muther. beloved sister of Theodor Muther. a
native of Canton Uri, Switzerland, aged 27
, years. .
{CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
j fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, irom the parlors of
Charles .7. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel HIJI Cemetery.
NIRLOCK— In this city. May 19. 1898, Jane, .
beloved wife of J. Niblock, and mother of
Sarah. Martha and Levins May Niblock. a
native of England, aged £0 years.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10:80 o'clock, from the Church
of the Advent. • Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. by carriage.
j PEARSON— In Walnut Creek. May 17, 1898, Dr.
Joseph E. Pearson, a native of New York,
aged 71 years.
: SCRIMINGER— In Pomona. May 11, 1898. Evan
M. Scrim inner, aged 7i7 i years.
SHEEHAX— In this city. May 20. 1898. John
H. Sheehan. recently a resident of Sweet-
water, Esmeralda County, Nev., a native of
County Oarway, Ireland, aged 70 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:45 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital, thence to St. Brendan's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme- '
tery.
SHEPHEARD— In this city. May 20. 1898, John
Joseph, beloved husband of i_,lllie E. Shep-
heard, a native of Hagerstown, Md. F aged 68
years and 6 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from George H.
Thomas. No. 2, G. A. R., Post's rooms, 320
' Post . street. Interment National Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of A. W. Martin &
Co., 118 Geary street.
STOCK— In this city. May 19, 1898. Edward,
beloved father of Edward . R., William A.
and Charles Stock and Mrs. J. C. Wuthrlch.
a native of Germany, aged 60 years.
(C^-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral. this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Porter & White. 132 Eddy street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SPIEDEL— In SmartsvUle, May 15. 1898, Joseph
Spledel, a native of Germany, aged 48 years.
TETLOW— this city, May 20, 1398. Samuel
Tetlow, beloved grand father of Samuel Kuen-
necke a native of Manchester. England, aged
74 years 11 months and 30 days. - > • •
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WILDS— At I McAvoy I station, May 16. 1898,
George T. Wilds, a native of Ireland, aged
44 years.
WETTBTEIN— In this city, May 20, 1898. Ed-
ward beloved husband of Rosa Wettstein.
father of Edward and Fred Wettstetn. and
brother of Mrs. Treseh. Mrs. Michel. Mrs.
Furrer and Michael Wettsteln. a native of
Antumath. Canton Uri. Switzerland, aged 25
yearn *. months and 12 days.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. I ;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS St, EiIBALMEES I
Hi iIITH ST., Ojp. Lincoln Sonosl. g
_ ; '■■■',', '■ Telephone. South SO. ' •.' I
E-tab. 1868. Tel. South 47. '
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO..
Funeral Directors and Embalmers, -
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
. Lady assistants."' Spacious chapel for th» us«
cf our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulaoca.
1314
WARNS THE PEOPLE
AGAINST THE CHARTER
Clear and Businesslike Statement of Its
Perils for Practical Men.
John T. Doyle Addresses an Open Letter to
Thomas Magee — Not a Workingman's
Charter,
In the war of words over the proposed charter for the city and county
of San Francisco there arises more and more frequently a sharp note of warn
ing from some thoughtful leader. Clear as a bugle-call, the following open
letter from John T. Doyle to Thomas Ma«ee will be heeded by all citizens who
favor a fair and representatii"* city government. Mr. Doyle is well known as
a capable man of affairs, who enjoy? opportunities of taking the broadest view
of transactions as a whole and in tinii .<.L«uuiis, while his experience has
brought him into intimate association with municipal systems, past and present.
He addresses Thomas Magee, who, in common with many business men,
only see certain defects in the existing organic law, and will doubtless appre
ciate formal warning of the perils stored in the new charter. In regard to the
autocratic power lavished on the new Mayor, the litigation and expense which
the new instrument will open up, the complications attending realty trans
actions, the immunity of railroad companies in cases of valuations and assess
ments, the difficulty of amendment — in a word, the dangerous eccentricities of
the document — Mr. Doyle's comment is singularly logical, distinct and convinc
ing. He sums up the situation in the words: "It can do no good to real
workingmen It is merely a concession to political bummers." The
text of the letter follows:
Thomas Magee, Esq.— Dear Sir: The
Interest you take in municipal reform
leads me to address to you some obser
vations on the proposed new charter
for San Francisco. You are advocat
ing its adoption. With great regret I
am forced to disagree with yourself and
other friends, for the following among
other reasons:
A leading objection to the adoption
of the proposed charter is the Inordi
nate and uncontrolled power it gives
to the Mayor. He not only appoints
the members of the Board of Public
Works, Board of Education, Police
Commissioners, Fire Commissioners,
Civil Service Commissioners and Park
Commissioners (to which, I think, there
is no objection), but he has the power
of removing all or any of these offi
cers, at pleasure, by merely commun
icating the fact to the Board of Su
pervisors with his reasons for !t. As
those reasons are not required to sat
isfy any one but himself, it will always
suffice for him to say that he consid
ered that the public Interest required
the change. This power of removal
is not confined to his own appointees,
but extends to all city and county of
ficers, who owe their positions to ap
pointment, as distinguished from elec
tive officers, of whom, besides the
Mayor and Supervisors, there are but
ten, namely: The Clerk, Auditor, Treas
urer, Assessor, Tax Collector, District
Attorney, City Attorney, Coroner, Re
corder and Sheriff. All other princi
pals and subordinates, numbering (in
cluding the Police Department) proba
bly SOu. or more, are subject to instan
taneous removal by the Mayor for any
reason satisfactory to himself. This
is a greater power than has been within
my knowledge confided to any Ameri- :
can citizen iess than the President of j
the United States. Exercised by him
even, it has given rise to the gravest
dissatisfaction and led during the last
twenty-five years to constant agitation
in favor of its curtailment; its inevita
ble tendency to produce corrupt admin
istration is undeniable; successive
Presidents have deplored the evil and
have, by extending the application or
the civil service act of Congress, passed
as a remedy, striven to diminish it.
Nevertheless, though diminished, it still
exists, deplored by all but mere poli
ticians. Many of the States have en
acted laws in the spirit of the act or I
Congress referred to, and earnest re- ■
formers of all parties, the country over, j
are steadily working on that line. The
acceptance of it is universal, except by
political hacks and corruptionlsts. Th»
new charter itself recognizes its impor
tance and provides for a civil service
commission with its examinations,
rules, etc. The cardinal principle of
this reform, briefly stated, is that all
appointments to office shall be based on
merit and capacity, ascertained by open
competitive examination; and no re
movals made, save for proved miscon
duct. Yet in violation of this whole
some rule and of the experience and
judgment of the whole country, here is
a Mayor clothed with power of arbi
trary removal, which destroys the inde
pendence of every executive officer and
makes them all his servants, not those
of the city, beraus^ they owe their daily
bread and that of their family, to his
forbearance and favor. These are pow
ers not for a frail man, but for an an
gel, or a demigod Coupled with the
enlarged power of veto given by this
charter they make the Mayor practi
cally an autocrat, and will probably
cause the political conventions to set on
a nomination for the office a price cor
responding to the power and patronage
conferred on its incumbent. The nom
inee when elected will find himself sub
ject to an amount of political indebt
edness fatal to his independence an<s
usefulness. He will have to pay thes«
debts in offices and preferments and
offices and salaries will be multiplied
accordingly. In several departments
under this charter there is no limit to
the number.
I need only add that there is abso
lutely no check on or punishment for
th» abuse of this enormous power.
There are numerous other faults,
omissions and contradictions in the
proposed enactment which will surely
entail litieration and loss. The provis
ions a.s to revenue and taxation are
specially faulty in this respect, but
they are too technical for popular dis
cussion. Among other omigsiona I miss
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PIMPLES
CURED BY
CUTIGURA SOAP
Before using Cuticura Soap, my face and
hands were just as rough as could bo and my
face was all covered with pimples. I was un-
fit to look at, but after using Cdticuba Soap
three weeks, my face was equal to Telvet.
Feb. C, 1898. PAUL DUPKE, Chaler, La.
I suffered with blackheads and pimples for
two or three years until it became chronic. I
tried everything imaginable, but it did me no
good. Cuticura. Soap cured me.
Feb. 20, '98. L. V. GILLIAM, Oak P. 0., Va.
I was troubled for eight years with pimples
on the face. I commenced using Ccticcra
Soap. In a very short time the pimples all
disappeared and my skin is now in a healthy
•condition. JAMES FOSTER,
Feb. 17, 1898. Dixmont, Allegheny Co., Pa.
Bold ttTonghoul the world. Prioe.Me. Poms Dice
a*d Cum. cast., bole Props- Boston. „.-
mr >ment »nd Core Plmplet," Bulled fit*
that enactment now in force which re
quires the Mayor to assist in counting
the city's money periodically. 1 do not
suppose that this was designed as an
affront to his Honor, based on a re
cent mishap, but it is open to that con
struction as well as to another equally
objectionable.
You and others interested in real
estate, street improvements, etc.,
would do well to study the provisions
of chapter 3 of artfcle VI, which treats
of opening, straightening, widening
and extending streets, and changing
grades. I made a digest of its curious
provisions for insertion here, but the
exigencies of newspaper space in war
times require its omission. In brief,
such work may be undertaken and or
dered by the Supervisors, when recom
mended by the Board of Public Works,
on petition ■ erf the property-holders.
The Supervisors, instead of general
rules for valuation and assessment in
such cases, are to enact special ones
for each particular job. Thus we are
to have "one law for Rome and another
for Athens" — one for cases where
friends are interested, another where
enemies are to be punished. It is diffi
cult to see what honest purpose this
sanction of different rules of valuation
and assessment in each separate case
was intended to serve. Railroad com
panies whose receipts may be largely
increased by the proposed improvement
are adroitly excused from contributing
to the cost, by confining the assessment
to lots, a term which does not include
the sort of property they own. When
a lot is sold to pay the assessment on
it and brings a sum above the amount,
the surplus is not returned to the un
lucky owner whose property was sold
against his will, but is put into a com
mon fund, with that of all other de
faulting owners, and divided among
them proportionately — but in propor
tion to what is not mentioned! The
sale, too, in such cases is not to be
reached by a foreclosure of the lien of
the assessment — the usual and proper
remedy— but it is expressly directed to
be a sale on execution. The draughts
man does not appear to have known the
difference between them. But every
lawyer will recognize the absurdity of
a sale on exeeutic-n, without any per
sonal judgment to support it. Whose
right, title and interest will the Sheriff
offer for sale and sell? Again petition
ers for an improvement are to deposit
money to secure the expenses incurred
if the project is defeated, yet there is
no provision for applying the deposit
to their payment in such case or for
returning it to the depositors in the
contrary one.
It is forbidden to open in the new
parts of the city any such streets as
| the small intermediate ones in the
Western Addition, so useful to the Fire
Department in getting at the rear of a
fire and extinguishing it without mis
chief incident to a mob of people tramp
ling through halls, parlors and dining
rooms to get at the kitchen, wherein it
usually originates. Owners of prop
erty holding in common cannot even
subdivide It, leaving streets agreed on
by themselves, for in such cases a par
tition map is almost always necessary,
and the County Recorder is forbidden to
file such map, unless it bears the written
; approval of the members of the Board
of Public Works. Without such ap
proval it is even declared to have no
legal validity; not even good as a con
tract. Again, the charter has a pro
vision designed to facilitate the closing
of petty streets and alleys in the bus
iness part of the city, which, by a blun
der of the draughtsman, insures their
perpetuity by requiring the land to be
i twice paid for before they can be
I closed. The provision for an election
| and popular vote on any ordinance
asked for by 15 per cent of- the voters
and also on the grant of certain fran
chises (the referendum), I regard as a
I stupid and mischievous fad; it is bor
j rowed from the Swiss constitution and
experience has proved it to be wholly
unadapted to our people; but if we are
to have enactments by popular votes,
why are grants of railroad franchises
excepted from the rules applied to those
supplying light and water? The latter
accommodate every house on the street
without obstructing it in the least. The
rails, on the contrary, obstruct travel
j on the street and yield profit only to
the railroad companies. Our elections
now occur every two years; their fre
quency is, however, an acknowledged
j evil of great magnitude, not only be
| cause of the loss of time and waste ol
! money entailed, but because they tend
; to breed and support a class of people
who live by politics only. The new
charter simply doubles their number
: without reference to special election?
i liable to fcrcur under it. This is ver>
! bad.
I see that apologists for. this innova
tion in city government, admitting its
many defects, seek votes for it on the
plea that th^se defects can be easily
amended. There is no warrant, how
ever, for this suggestion. The pro
visions for amendment contained in the
instrument itself are in direct conflict
with the constitution, which requires
three-fifths of the votes cast for that
purpose, while the charter only calls
for a majority vote. Amendment will
be anything but easy; the amendment
will have to be proposed, published,
voted on, carried by a three-fifths vote
and then passed by the Legislature.
As this body meets only in alternate
years, delay and inconvenience are un
avoidable. If the financial article leaves
the city's revenues deficient for want
Of penalties for non-payment, as I fear,
the consequences will be very disas
trous.
I have not enumerated half of the ob
jections revealed by a study of this in
strument. Its defects can, I think,
nearly all be traced to the mode in
which it was prepared. The constitu
tion entrusts such a task to a board of
only fifteen freeholders because of the
difficulty of securing agreement among
laree numbers without vicious bar
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 21, 1898.
g-ains and compromises. This Instru
ment was prepared by a body of one
hundred gentlemen selected by his
Honor the Mayor, and though adopted
by the Freeholder convention, after
slight amendments, it remains in its
j cardinal features the work of the May-
I or's original committee. When he
nominated that body he was fresh from
a contest with the Board of Supervis
ors wherein, though backed by the po
lice, and claiming to act under a judg
ment of the Superior Court, his action
was arrested by the decision of the Su
preme Court, and failed of its purpose.
Conscious of the rectitude of his own
intentions, and having no confidence in
the integrity of his late adversaries,
the Mayor became dominated by the
idea of concentrating power in hands
he knew to be honest, and depriving of
it his recent adversaries, of whom he
had formed the contrary opinion. His
committee of one hundred was nat
urally composed of gentlemen holding
similar opinions, and the instrument
resulting from their labors fully re
flects their origin. Under it the Mayor
is practically the autocrat of the city.
It is built upon the fundamental idea
and assumption that a Supervisor is a
born rogue, and that a Mayor, on the
contrary, is sure to be a high-minded,
honorable man, endowed with integ
rity, intelligence, vigilant, discernment,
ability and courage of the highest or
der, incapable of being swayed by any
selfish or improper motive. Hence no
necessity of guarding against abuses or
failure of duty on his part, but the high
est need of depriving th«*Sune'" tr| Borßof
power to do aught without his con
sent. The concurrence ol fourteen
votes out of eighteen is therefore re
quired to overcome the Mayor's veto,
a provision that plainly intimates the
provision of dishonesty In the Super
visors. I will not say that there are no
grounds for such apprehension, but if
that is the sort of people we are to ex
pect for Supervisors, why do we want
so many as eighteen of them, or why
give them any power beyond what the
constitution itself confers? On the
other hand, I know of no warrant for
expecting such eminent virtue and in-
I tellect in a candidate for the Mayor
] alty. On looking back over the long
list of gentlemen 1 have known in that
position since the days of H. P. Coon,
while I gladly recognize that with few
exceptions they were estimable men, I
fail to find one of them possessed of
such transcendent merits as this new
charter assumes in all, or to whom I
would entrust such enormous powers
as it confers, without at least some
corresponding responsibility. Here
i there is absolutely none. On the other
hand, the number of eccentric provis
ions (some of which have been adverted
i to) lead to the inference of swapping
and bargaining among a number of
persons, each anxious to secure adop
tion of his particular fad: hence come
the referendum, the mandate and the
like.
You support my proposal as to the
Board of Public Works and T will sup
! port ynurs as to the referendum. The
; anxiety to secure adoption for their
plans Is very apparent in the provision
that no one shall work for more than
eight hours a day nor he paid less than
I two dollars for it. This condition is re-
I quired to he inserted in all city mn
| tracts, so that one who cannot earn
; two dollars must not earn anything. It
i practically forbids the employment of
the old and feeble men who now ke^p
our streets so admirably clean, and
! hands over the work to political bum
! mers who have a pull. Tt will probably
! send us back also to the state of filth
; from which the Merchants' Association
delivered us and relegate the poor men
| who now keep the streets Hean to the
'. poorhouse by depriving them of their
I present means of gaining an honorable
I living. His Honor the Mayor owns
i large properties, and many members of
j his committee of one hundred were
I doubtless in the same happy plight.
i These gentlemen in the course of each
year must pay out large sums for just
this rlass of work. Their annual dis
j bursements for it probably amount to
! many thousand dollars; yet it is safe
I to say that not one of them ever in pert -
i ed such a provision in a contract of his
! own or ever instructed an agent to do
j so. Indeed, an agent who did it, unless
I compelled by law, would be pretty sure
lof a hasty leave of absence. What rot
j then, under pretense of honest adminis
j tration and giving the city official serv
ice on business principles, to insert
such a requirement in its charter! It
can do no good to real working men.
because they rarely have the political
i influence needed to secure employment
■ from the public. It is merely a conces
; siun to political bummers. Yours truly,
JOHN T. DOYLE.
May 19. 189&
GOING OVER OLD SURVEYS.
Senator Gleaves and Party to Investi
gate Alleged Land ifrauds.
Surveyor-General Gleaves and several
surveyors departed yesterday for an ex
tended trip through the southern part
of the State, where he will make investi
gations into the merits of a number of
surveys of public lands that have been
called into question by the reports of 11.
L. Collier, who once held the position of
United States "Examiner of Surveys and
Special Agent of the Interior Department.
Collier has been in a peck of trouble since
he first took office, and it is now believed
that he is out of the department, as an
indefinite leave of absence without pay
generally means this. After his first
break, which resulted in his being ex
cused from duty, he caused himself to
be reinstated by promising to reveal to
the department fraudulent surveys. He
made good his word to the extent that
he sent to his superiors several king re
ports of alleged fraudulent surveys. This
of course tied up all the titles to all of
the lands in question and prevented the
surveyors from getting their pay. Mr.
Gleaves has made a partial investigation,
enough to satisfy himself that the reports
of Collier were wrong, and he so reported
! to the department.
In order to learn all about the surveys,
Mr. Gleaves makes the trip accompan
ied by the surveyors who run the lines
and several of the best surveyors of the
State, who are wholly impartial and who
have nothing at stake in these matters.
The trip will take them to the San Ber
nardino forest reservation, to Inyo Coun
ty near Owens L,ake, to the Randsburg
district and to mountains near Santa
Monica, in all of which places much val
uable land has been under a cloud for a
long time. Aside from the investigations
mentioned the party will correct any sur
veys of the past that are not true.
■ m ■
To-Day's News Letter
I Contains vigorous articles on the pro
] posed new charter, the death of Glad'
! stone and other timely topics; sharp
J paragraphs/a character sketch of an
i old well-known citizen, pertinent allu
j sions to prominent citizens of San
I Francisco, and numerous local hits;
! full social, dramatic and literary news,
and careful mining review. Of all
newsdealers for 10 cents.
. A — . . » i
Allowed to Compromise.
Saloonkeepers Sullivan, Hacquette.Rad
ovlch, Fink and Powell, upon whom a
raid was made some months ago by a
special Internal Revenue Agent from
Washington, have been allowed to com
promise with the Government on the pay
ment of fines aggregating the amount of
I the Internal revenue : tax on the goods
I seized. Their offense was a violation of
j the regulations, . and consisted in hand
j ling proof spirits without first destroying
the stamps, there having been no inten
tion, to defraud the Government shown.
"Remember the Maine," words
and music of the latest patriotic song
in next Sunday's Call.
■- ' - — ■ ♦ ■ ':
Run Over and Killed.
Edward Wettstein, who resides in the
vicinity of the Mission road and the old
Ocean House road, was killed yesterday
afternoon by being run over by a wagon
of which he was the driver. H« was driv
ing a feed wagon for Furrer Bros, along
the Mission road, and one of the wheels
getting into a chuck hole jarred him off
the vehicle. He fell under the wheels and
received injuries which resulted in his
death about an hour after.
«♦ » ■
Try our $1 eyeglasses. 710 Market & 11 Geary.
HUNTINGTON
IN CONTEMPT
He Leaves the State
Suddenly.
IS WANTED AS A WITNESS.
HIS ATTOBNEY ACCUSED OF
SHABP PBACTICE,
The Bailroad Commission May Charge
Both Counsel and Client With
Breaches of Court Dis
cipline.
C. P. Huntington said good-by to San
Francisco on Thursday without the for
mality of first informing the State Board
of Railroad Commissioners of his inten
tion. E. S. Pillsbury. his attorney in the
suit of J. R. Robinsun against the South
ern Pacific Company, now pending before
the Commissioners, also professes that he
was not aware of the magnate's inten
tions until yesterday morning.
The result of Huntington's hurried de
parture is a complication in the proceed
ings before the Commissioners. He had
been summoned as a witness in the Rob
inson suit, but was excused from attend
ance on the board until the question of
jurisdiction had been argued and decided.
The arguments were made on Thursday,
and 10 o'clock yesterday morning was the
hour set for giving the decision. In the
meantime, Huntington quietly folded his
tent and departed beyond the confines of
the State.
When the board met yesterday morning
Chairman L,a Rue announced the decision
that the Commissioners have proper jur
isdiction to hear the Robinson case. He
also said that he had just been informed
that Huntington had left the State in
spite of the fact that he was under orders
from the board to appear and give hia
testimony. He asked Attorney I'illsbury
to explain.
"I have no knowledge of Mr. Hunting
ton's absence from tiie city," said tne
attorney, "but It is quite likely that such
is the case. If he has left the State, I do
not see just how the fact affects this
case, for it has been our intention all
along to test this question of Juilsdietion
in the courts, and until such a test has
been made there is no need of my cli
ent's presence here."
"The question of your intentions does
not enter into this matter," replied L,a
Rue, with some asperity; "and it appears
to me that this board has been made the
victim of sharp practice."
"It was my understanding," said Pills
bury, "that Mr. Huntington was excused
from attendance here until the question
of jurisdiction was linally settled. As
you knew it to be our intention to take
the question into the courts, it follows
that the witness was excused until the
courts had passed on it."
"There was no such understanding," re
plied L.a Rue; "and I repeat that there
peems to have been some charp practice
here."
"I see no occasion to get up a contro
versy here for outside purposes," protest
ed the attorney.
"I resent any such insinuation." put in
Commissioner Hinton, "and 1 will ask you
not to repeat it."
Attorney Monteith. who appeared for
Robinson, called for the reading of the
stenographic report of the previous meet
ings. This developed the fact that at the
mer-ting at which Huntington was ex
cuaed J'rom immediate attendance Attor
ney Pillsbury had, in an aside to the
stenographer, requested that the record
be made to show that Huntington was ex
cused from attendance "until the ques
tion of jurisdiction was finally disposed
of." The stenographer testified that as
Minn as Pillsbury had made this request
he left the room. In order to protect him
self the stenographer had read the entry
made at the request of the attorney to
the Commissioners, and they had ordered
it changed to read "until the question of
Jurisdiction la linally disposed of by the
board." The record shows that this cor
rection was made.
"1 wish to inform the board," said Pills
bury, "that Mr. Huntington declines to
appear here as a witness In the Robinson
case."
"Is he within the reach of the orders of
this board?" asked La Rue.
"I do not know."
"Is he in this State?"
"I do not know."
Attorney Monteith asked that a recess
of an hour be taken in order to afford him
time to prepare an order for the arrest of
Huntington and Pillsbury for contempt.
This was granted. When the board again
convened the order was produced and
read. It set forth the allegation that
Huntington has left the State in direct
violation of the orders of the Commis
sioners, and that he did so by the advice
and with the connivance of his attorney.
E. S. Pillsbury. For these and other rea
sons a request was made for the issuance
of a bench warrant for the arrest of both
men and that they be given an oppor
tunity to show why they should not be
punished for contempt.
On account of some minor errors in the
order as It was presented it was agreed
to postpone action in the matter until
next. Tuesday afternoon, at which time
a new order will be submitted and the
board will decide as to what course it
will pursue. ,
Huntington left this city at 11 o clock
Thursday morning by special train. His
immediate destination Is said to nave
been Portland, Or.
Huntington in a Collision.*
MARYSVII,I.E, May 20.— The engine at
tached to a special train bearing C. P.
Huntington, Julius Kruttschnltt and
party collided with a handcar a few
miles south of this city last night. The
engine was rendered useless for the trip,
so the coaches were attached to the local
train, which hauled them to Red Bluff.
There another engine was procured to
complete the tour of Inspection in the
north.
DEATH FROM MALPRACTICE.
Mrs. Dr. Goodwin of Golden Gate Ay-
enue Accused by a Dying Woman
of a Serious Offense.
The body of Miss Effie Morrison was
brought to the Morgue yesterday for an
investigation, she having died under sus
picious circumstances at the residence of
Mrs. J. H. McCallum, her sister, 273 Thir
teenth street. An autopsy held by Au
topsy Surgeon Gallagher, assisted by Dr.
William D. Clark, disclosed that death
had been caused by a criminal operation.
Dr. Clark denies any complicity in the
crime. He says that he was standing
on the street not far from the McCallum
residence last Tuesday morning, when he
was approached by Mrs. McCallum. who
inquired whether he was a physician. On
his replying in the affirmative she said
that she wished him to attend her sister,
who was dying.
The doctor proceeded to the house,
where he found the deceased lying very
low. She stated to him that Mrs. Dr.
Goodwin of 410 Van Ness avenue had
attended her and had performed a crim
inal operation. The patient died at half
past 5 o'clock yesterday morning. She
was a native of Scotland, 37 years old and
a nurse by occupation.
Coroner Hawkins will hold an inquest
on the remains next week, in order to
determine the identity of the responsible
parties.
A Blacksmith's Cruelty.
Until a few days ago John Murphy, a
blacksmith employed in the Dundon
works, 318 Main street, lived with his
wife and child at 3214 Seventeenth street.
Yesterday he was arrested on complaint
of his wife on charges of failure to pro
vide and battery. Mrs. Murphy while
swearing to the complaint staled that
last Tuesday her husband left the house,
taking all the furniture with him. He re
turned Thursday night and took away
all the provisions and she was compelled
to go to her mother's house at 156 Hickory
avenue while her baby was aick. They
were married in December, 1898.
BOYCOTT THE
"BULLETIN"
Labor Resents Insults to
the Charleston.
A CAUSTIC RESOLUTION.
NO BLAME ATTACHES TO THE
CRUISER'S CONSTRUCTION.
Union Iron Workers Will Ignore the
Sheet That Attempts to Blacken
Home Indus
try.
On the early morning cars going out to
the Union Iron "Works yesterday there
was but one subject of conversation that
received any attention from the mechan
ics ready for their day's work. For the
moment the war was submerged. What
held the minds of the artisans was a
bitter attack on the Charleston in Thurs
day evening* Bulletin.
"Whenever two or three men collected a
general condemnation of the Bulletin ar
ticle was certain of vociferous utterance.
The condemnatory spirit was so strong
that the bacillus of mass meeting was in
the air, and no special call for a general
assemblage was necessary. Hardly had
the hammers begun to fall and the wheels
to spin round when a notice, was posted
on the bulletin boards attached to both
the entrance gates of the plant that there
would be a general mass meeing held to
consider the ".scurrilous article published
in the Bulletin" of the previous evening.
The workmen of the Union Iron Works
considered the Bulletin's article a vilify
ing attack upon them as well as a re
flection upon their workmanship, and
they were ready to resent it. • They did
so by a boycott of the paper.
The mass meeting was called by the
workmen themselves and was held in the
street whicn cuts the iron works in two.
Aroused to a pitch of excitement that
could hardly be restrained, th* men as
sembled as soon as the whistle sounded
the lunch hour. Edward T. Morris was
chosen chairman by acclamation, lie told
them the story of the building of the
Charleston o'er again. He was with the
Charleston on tne trial trip and stayed
on the ship until it was handed over to
the Government at Mare Island. "It was
our first ship," be said, "and wo all took
special pride in making her a great suc
cess. She was accepted by the Govern
ment at an indicated horsepower of 6566,
and her official .speed was 15.2 knots per
hour. The best material and the highest
class of workmanship were put into h< r.
"After having been accepted by the
Government the Charleston made some
notable runs, particularly the chase of the
itata. which was the longest run under a
forced draft ever made by any warship
at that time. At no time was anything
discovered which would in any way re
flect discredit on the builders. The con
densing tubes were made of very thin
brass and ;ire only guaranteed to last four
or live years, and it is now ten years
since the Charleston was turned over to
the Government."
Then followed an excoriation of the ar
ticle in the evening paper, the criticism
evoking a storm of applause for the
speaker and obstreperous censure for the
libelants. Mr. Morris was followed by
D. L. Howard and J. H. Todd. both of
whom spoke in the same strain.
Resolutions were then adopted which in
themselves are the best evidence of the
indignation which caused the mass meet
ing. They read as follows:
We, workmen of the Union Iron
Works, in mass-meeting assembled,
protest against the insults given to
us in the evening Bulletin of May
19, 1898, with reference t-. the cruis
er Charleston and hereafter pledge
ourselves to boycott the Bulletin
until charges have been retracted
and suitable apologies made to us.
The irate and indignant artisans, re
lieved by what they considered a proper
and meritorious action, went their sev
eral ways and soon after the whirring
of wheels and the sputtering of the fires
were heard again.
STABBED IN THE BACK.
Fight Between a Candy Peddler and
a Boy'
J. C. Mitchell Bremer, who has the
privilege of selling candy and peanuts at
the pony and dog show in Central Park,
was arrested yesterday afternoon On a
charge of assault to commit murder.
Bremer has been for some time annoyed
by a crowd of boys known as the Ki^hth
street gang, hikl yesterday afternoon
while he waa counting < • *i t his packages
to be distributed the boys kept calling
out the numbers in a loud voice. This
angered Bremer and he started for the
hoys. He i aught hold of Henry Wehrli, a
boy about 14 years of age. and a fight en
sued. W.-hrli kick-'d Bremer and they
rolled on the floor. Then Bremer grabbed
hold of a knife and plunged It into
Wehrli'a back.
Wehrli was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital where Dr. Fitzgibbon attended to
the wound. The knife penetrated about
an inch and a half, but no serious conse
quences are expected. Wehrli lives at 21
Rausch street.
DEATH OF AN OLD SOLDIER.
Captain John J. Shepheard Dies Only
a Few Hours After Having Re
ceived His Commission.
Captain John J. Shepheard, a member
of George H. Thomas Post, Grand Army
of the Republic, died last Thursday night
at his residence at the Abbotsford House
of pneumonia. The deceased served as a
lieutenant in the California Regiment
! during the Civil War. Up to three years
ago he had been employed for several
years in the Naval Office In the Custom
house in this city, and made many warm
friends.
Immediately upon the declaration of
1 war against Spain by the United States,
j Mr. Shepheard offered his services to the
Government, and received his commission
! as commissary, with the rank of captain.
: last Thursday, only a few hours before
! his death. He was gladdened by this
j mark of appreciation on the part of the
• Government, but a relapse came in the
i evening, and he died in the still watches
lof the night. The deceased leaves a
j widow and two children in this city.
Pretended to Be a Great Man.
George H. Colvert. 623 Market street.
swore to a complaint in Judge Low's
court yesterday for the arrest of Charles
Coulter, alias Poulter, alias Pet«rsen, on
the charge of obtaining goods by false
pretenses. Colvert stated that Coulter
came to him on May 10 and got four
shirts, eight collars and eight pairs of
cuffs, valued at $19, on the representation
that he was Colonel C. Parker on the staff
of Governor Gray of Ohio, and that he
owned mines in Oroville, which were
false.
British Benevolent Society.
A dinner will be given in the Occidental
Hotel on Tuesday night under the aus
pices of the British Benevolent Society to
celebrate the birthday of Queen Victoria.
All members of the society and British
residents are invited.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The fao- /9
_, ilmiU Sim s/It*> -- * - ™ few
ADVEBTISEMENTS. w __~™ .
■ ■■■■■■■■■ ■ ■ ■ 1 »1 * m m m '
TO=DAY!==SATURDAY==TO=DAV!
OUR GIGANTIC '
CONSOLIDATION SALE
. CLOSES A TREMENDOUS WEEK'S
BUSINESS WITH
SPECIAL AND EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS
THROUGHOUT THE
STOCK OF OUR LOS ANGELES STORE,
& STORE OPEN UNTIL 18 O'CLOCK SATURDAY EVENING.
//// Murphy Building 1 . V ; [flf Murphy Building -0
Market and Jones Streets. Mariet ai Jones Streets.
TWO SPLENDID TRAINS DAILY
XO XHE EAST
via Great Rockjsland Route.
ROCKY MOUNTAIN COLORADO FLYER
LIMITED
Leaves DENVER, . . 2:45 p. m.
Leaves DENVER, . . 9:30 a.m. « COLO. SPRINGS, 2:45 p. m.
COLO. SPRINGS, 9:35 a. m. ! Arrives TOPEKA, . . 7:30 a.m.
Arrives LINCOLN . 11:45 p.m. M KANSAS CITY, 9:15 a.m.
" OMAHA, . . 1:30 a.m.
" DES MOINES, . 5:25 a. m. ! '
" DAVENPORT, . 9:48 a. m. Ar. ST. LOUIS, (Wab. Ry.)6:15 p. m.
" CHICAGO, . 2:15 p. m.
a Z* Arrives ST. JOSEPH, . 10:40 a.m.
Through Sleepers find Chair Cars Ar. LINCOLN, (Ex. Sun.) 6:42 a. m.
Colorado to Chicago. Wide Vesti- Ar. OMAHA, (Ex. Sun.) 8:50 a. m.
bule throughout. The finest train Through Sleepers Colorado Springs
in the We^it. to St. Louis via Wabash Ry.
These arc New Trains in addition to our former service.
For particulars and folders giving: time of these trains write
W. H. FIRTH, E. E. MacLEOD, JNO. SEBASTIAN,
Genl. Agt.. DENVER. A. O. P. A .. TOPEKA. G. P. A.. CHICAGO.
■-■-■-■-■- ■ - 5-H-B-B-B
+ '. ■ I
"f r& I
I The Star?
H DS
" ' ' ■ I
■ INDORSES ■
=thecharter|
m B
i Read and Learn !?
E-a-B-B-B-a— B-B-B-a-sa
For ST. MICHAEL.
- THE Al BARK HUNTER
POSITIVELY SAILS JUNE IST.
She is pronounced by. Marine Surveyors as
among the SAFEST and SWIFTEST vessels
sailing out of San Francisco. -
For LOW RATES, passenger and freight,
apply AT ONCE to 11. D. LOMBARD & CO..
16 California street. J. G. McCALL & CO., 46
Market street, or on board the Hunter, Hatha-
way docks, foot of Steuart street.
An eld German' woman, living in a Kansas town, says of Ripans Tabales t
"When we came out to Hansas, eighteen years ago, we were very poor and we
had a big family. I had to work very hard in tho honsa and outside, too,
injuring cows, slopping hogs, picketing horses, making .garden and so on. I
was far from my relatives and didnt like the country. I didn't know nobody, '
bo I stayed at home and worried. We bad a hard time of it. No fruit, no
vegetables, no nothing. Such living was enough to ruin anybody's insides.
After a while my stomach got out of order, and grew worse and worse. I lost
toy appetite. Nothing tasted good. I was troubled with sourness and gulp-
Ings. Then I got to be cross as a bear. I was downhearted too. I felt kind
of drowsy most of tho time, and had no courage for anything. I dreamt the .
ewfulect dreams. But I didn't think I was bad sick, and doctors cost too
much and may bo' don't do any good. At last, my brother in Philadelphia
tent me some Ripans Tabulca. He said they were good for my case. I used
fciem and then got more. Soon I was well again, almost like when I wu|
.j^d^Germanr^-^ . r .'■•■•• ••;■,;_; ■ - ; ■ •-• ■ •/■-^
SPECIAL NOTICE I
THE TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAG
Will Be Open for the Reception of Guests
JUNE FIRST.
Owing to the favorable weather conditions in
the Shasta region and at the request of many
patrons The Tavern of Castle Crag will be
opened for the reception of guests Wednesday,
June 1, two we;ks earlier than usual.
The resasonablecharges and the superior man-
agement wh'ch have characterized this well-
known resort vill be continued.
Applicants for accommodations prior to Juno
1 should address Mr. George Schonewald, Man-
ager, room 59, Union Trust building. San Fran-
cisco. After above date they should address
him at Castle Crag. Shasta County, Cal.
ti HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- 23
2 Colored Spots, Ache*. Old Sores, Ulcers Bj
)in Mouth. Hair-Fallinsr? Write COOK REJI- M
| EDY CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- H
fc CAGO. ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital ■
m $500,000. Worst cases cured in 16 to Si days. rj\
M 100-page book free. cured in la to 36 days. 39 •
100-page booit free.
DR.MCNOLTY.
T'FIIS V.'XT.L KNOW>7 AND RELIABLE OLTj •
.L Specialist cure* I'rlvate.Nervous.Bloodand Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restore^. Over
10 years' experience. Send for Book, free, Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9to 3
daily;6:3o t<>S.3of>v'cs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE ncKVLTT, W. ».,
2G,V Kcaiiir Street. San FranciMo. CaX
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to Jl 60 day,
; {5 to JS week, $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.