VOLUME LXXXIII.-NO- 169.
SHIPS OF SPAIN HAVE
SAILED INTO A TRAP
THE CITY AND HARBOR OF WILLEMSTAD, ISLAND OF CURACOA, OFF THE COAST OF VENEZUELA,
WHERE THE SPANISH CAPE VERDE FLEET MET THE COLLIERS.
INSURGENT
LEADERS TO
JOIN DEWEY
General Aguinaldo Sails
From Hongkong to Take
the Field.
Confident of Completely Annihi
lating Spanish Rule in the
Philippines,
Copyrighted, 189 S. by James Gordon Bennett-
HONGKONG, May 17.— The Hugh McCulloch, Admiral Dewey's
dispatch-boat, sailed to-day for Manila. Prior to her departure Consul
Wildman took on board General Aguinaldo, CoJonel del Pilar, Private
Secretary Leyla and fifteen other rebel leaders, forming the insurgent
Cabinet.
General Aguinaldo will land at Cavite, where 37,000 troops are
reported to await him to complete the annihilation of Spanish rule in
the Philippines. General Aguinaldo has promised to conduct his
campaign on humane lines and to give absolute allegiance to Admiral
Dewey and Generals Merritt and Williams. The latter, with Consul
W'ilJman, carried through the negotiations with the insurgent refugees
in Hongkong.
General Aguinaldo's past record points to his ability to control
the insurgents and prevent a massacre at Manila. The Americans
expect an engagement in a few days.
ARRESTED AT ST. LOUIS
AS A SPANISH SPY.
ST. LOUIS, May 17.— An unidentified
man, suspectf-d of b^ing a Spanish spy,
la under arrest at Jefferson Barracks.
He was found to-day in the mule corr;il
and being unable to give an account of
himself was turned over to the cnm
mandant, Captain Knight. When
searched a l<-t Of Spanish correspond
ence was found on the fellow. He spoke
the Spanish language fluently.
BRYAN TO LEAD
NEBRASKA TROOPS
LINCOLN, Nebr., May 17.— Hon. W. J. Bryan is to organize a
Third Regiment of Nebraska Volunteers and tender their services to the
President as soon as mustered. Governor Holcomb to-day issued him
a commission as colonel, with authority to proceed, and Mr. Bryan told
a correspondent to-night that he would accept the commission.
The San Francisco Call
MADRID NEWSPAPERS
DEMAND REPRISALS.
MADRID, May 17.— The newspapers
here assert that letters for Spain, even
letters containing checks and other
valuables, have been stopped at New
York and destroyed. The papers de
mand that the Government make re
prisals upon American residents nf
Spain, especially in the case of the
correspondents of American newspa
pers.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MAY 18, 1898.
AMERICAN BOAT
CREW REPORTED
LOST AT CABANAS
Torpedo Said to h\ave Exploded
While Being Pulled Up Fron)
the Changel.
HAVANA, May 17.— A rr>an who cari)e here to-day by train)
from Cardenas says that while a srrjall boat froro an American
warship was attempting to pull up some torpedoes wh)ich) tb«
Spaniards had placed at tY)e mouth) of the channel one of tf)e
torpedoes exploded. The boat was blown up by t\je explosion,
and tfje crew, which was composed of ten or twelve n)en, sank
into the sea and perished.
The same rrjan who related this said that during t^e recent
attack of the American warships on Cardenas there were on
board the ships as pilots an old resident of Cardenas and his
son. One of the grenades thrown by the Americans exploded
in trje streetand killed tf)e wife and youngest daughter of the
pilot.
KEY WEST. Fla., May 17.— Boats which have just arrived
here from trje blockade fleet say they have no knowledge of
any craft having beer) blown up off Cardenas or elsewhere.
The opinion js expressed tbat the Spanish report probably
originated if) the Wilmington sinking the Spanish schoonar
Derelict, loaded with old iron.
MOVEMENTS OF SHIPS
TO BE KEPT SECRET.
Cablef Lines Ordered to Transmit
None But Government
Messages.
WASHINGTON, May 17.— Brigadier-
General Greely, chief of the signal ser
vice and in charge of all strategic con
trol of telegraph "and cable lines, has
adopted energetic measures to prevent
the admiral of the Spanish squadron
now in Caribbean waters from keep
ing posted on the whereabouts and
movements of United States squadrons
and of our prospective naval and mili
tary operations. Last night he tele
graphed to the New York manager of
the Haytien Cable Company, forbidding
the sending or receipt of any mes-
I sages, except official messages to or
from the United States Government,
i disclosing the movements of our fleets
! and ships. The manager answered this
I morning that the inhibition would be
| strictly observed. If Admiral Samp
son is in Haytian waters, as conjee-
I tured, then this cable restriction makes
it Impossible for his movements to be
known except to the Government, or if
known it is impossible to send out the
information except through the Gov
ernment.
General Greely also telegraphed the
Anglo-American Cable Company this
morning recalling its attention to the
prohibition against any messages ini
mical to the interests of the Govern
ment and in particular forbidding the
receipt or sending of messages disclos
ing the movements of our ships or pros
pective military movements. This lat
ter step was taken in view of the no
tice to the Anglo-American Telegraph
Company that "pending further decis
ion by the chief signal officer we will
accept press messages without restric
tion."
General Greely's order appears to
cover the further decision referred to
in the company's notice. The orders
to these two companies were sent, as
the channels of communication under
their control seem to be, for the mo
ment, the ones through which the Span
ish admiral and the Spanish authorities
at Madrid and Havana are most likely
to secure information as to our naval
movements. "While it was not sus
pected that spies were sending direct
information, yet the transmission of
press dispatches on naval movements
was looked upon as likely to indicate to
the Spanish with sufficient certainty
the general whereabouts and purposes
of our fleets.
The precautions taken. It Is be
lieved, will restrict this character of
cable information to the Government
and fleet commanders, and the Span
ish authorities from now on will be
cut off from all knowledge of our naval
and military plans.
General Greely's telegraphic orders
supplement the written orders he had
previously given to all cable companies,
six in number, having lines from the
United States. The written orders have
been agreed to in writing by each of
the cable companies and now consti
tute an agreement with the Govern
ment.
REPORTED BATTLE
OFF CAIBARIEN
Several American Ships Said to Have
Been Attacked by Four Span
ish Gunboats.
NEW YORK, May 17.— A Ha
vana dispatch to a morning paper
says several American warships
arrived off Caibarien, 200 miles
east of Havana, to-day and were
attacked by four gunboats, but the
result is not known.
MANY OF THEM
ARE NOW AT
SAN JUAN
Preparations fire Made to
Crush Them by the
United States.
fldmiral Sampson's and Commodore
Schley's Combined Fleets to Be
Sent Against Them
To-Day.
NEW YORK, May 17. — The Washingron correspondent of the Herald sends the fol
lowing : Believing in the correctness of the report to the Herald and Call from Porto
Plata, announcing the arrival of the Spanish squadron at San Juan, Porto Rico, the Naval
War Board is taking measures to-night to hasten the formation of an armor-clad fleet.
This action is regarded as especially necessary in view of the information which
has reached the authorities here that the battle-ship Pelayo and the armored cruiser Carlos
V sailed from Cadiz, not for the Philippines, but for the West Indies, where they will re
enforce Cervera's command.
The effect of the junction of these forces will be to give Spain six armored men
ot-war in Western waters against six flying the American flag. Before the arrival of the
Pelayo and the Carlos V, however, the battleship Oregon will be at Key West and at
tached to Rear-Admiral Sampson's command, which will give the American navy a pre
ponderating force of one armor-clad.
While having an eye to the future it
is the immediate present that the Na
val War Board is thinking of. The
information cabled by Consul Smith
from Curacao announced that the
Spanish fleet had headed westward, but
subsequently turned and headed east
ward. San Juan is to the northeast
of Curacao, and naval experts say that
It was the natural thing for Admiral
Cervera to do— to first steam to the
westward out of sight of land and then
to double on his track like a fox, so
as to deceive the enemy who might be
watching his movements.
The distance between Curacao and
San Juan is about 475 miles, and
steaming at the speed of eleven or
twelve knots it would have been an
easy matter for the* Spanish fleet to
have cove-red the distance within forty
hours. The enemy's men-of-war were
last seen off Curacao at 6 o'clock on
Sunday evening.
The armored cruisers Vlzcaya and
Infanta Marie Teresa which were in
the harbor had received dispatches
from Madrid from the Governor-Gen
eral of Porto Rico and Cuba, and no
doubt exists that these dispatches in
formed Admiral Cervera of the de
NEEDLESS ANXIETY
OVER THE HARVARD.
Naval Officers Laugh at the idea
That It Cannot Cope With
the Terror.
$IEW YORK, May 17.— There are as
surances that the War Board has
found a way to get the Harvard out
of St. Pierre harbor without risk of de
struction by the Spanish torpedo-boat
destroyer Terror. It involves the use of
the Tale and the Montgomery to watch
the port at the three-mUe limit, to wait
until the Harvard appears, and then
to be prepared, in case the Terror fol
lows, or any other Spanish torpedo
boat destroyers come along, to fall up
on them with their heavy and light
rapid-fire guns and destroy them.
On the other hand there are naval
officers who laugh at the fuss that
has ben made over the situation at St.
Pierre and declare that there is noth
ing to prevent the Harvard from leav
ing if she desires to do so, and noth
ing but the assumption that the tor
pedo boat destroyer is a formidable
vessel to lead to the opinion that it
could destroy the Harvard without
difficulty. When Captain Cotton has
completed the repairs said to be needed
by the Harvard, the nature of which
has not been communicated to the de
partment, he can leave, and it is be
parture of the American fleet from San
Juan, en route to Cuba, and of the dis
position of the American vessels along,
the North Atlantic Coast.
San Juan, therefore, was the natural
harbor for the Spanish men-of-war to
make, especially as the Porto Rican au
thorities, without doubt, have renewed
the fortifications of the harbor and
have replaced the guns knocked down
by the projectiles fired by the guns of
Rear Admiral Sampson's fleet in ad
dition.
The fact that the Madrid Govern
ment has seen fit to announce that
there are no men-of-war at San Juan
is considered in the nature f a con
firmation of the Herald's information
that the Spanish fleet has arrived at
that point.
It is believed the Spanish fleet will
make its headquarters at San Juan
during its future operations, or at least
until re-enforced by the Pelayo and Car
los V, which are now on their way from
Cadiz. These two vessels, it is ex
pected, will touch at the Canaries to
refill their coal bunkers. It is esti
mated that they should reach their des
tination within two weeks.
In the meantime the problem con
fronting the naval war board is how to
lieved that France will stick closely to
the custom under neutrality laws to
prevent the Terror from leaving until
twenty-four hours later.
WASHINGTON. May 17.— The tor
pedo-boat McKeon and the auxiliary
torpedo-boat destroyer Yankton were
placed in commission at the Norfolk
navy-yard yesterday. Lieutenant C.
M. Knepper is in command of the Mc-
Keon and Lieutenant-Commander J. E.
Adams is in command of the Yank
ton.
The cruiser Newark will go Into com-
THE CHARLESTON
WILL SAIL TO-DAY
VALLEJO. May 17.— The cruiser Charleston will in all probability
sail for the Philippines to-morr o\v morning. She will finish coaling to
night, and, as all her ammunition and stores are aboard, nothing will
remain to delay her further when that necessary preliminary has been
accomplished. •
Her complement of officers is as follows: Captain Henry Glass,
commanding; Lieutenant Gottfried Blocklinger, executive officer; Lieu
tenant William Braunersreuther, navigator; Lieutenants Frank M.
Bostwick. George R. Slocum. Robert E. Coontz; Ensigns William A.
Moffett and TV^ldo Evans; watch officers-Surgeon. Henry T. Percy;
passed assistant surgeon. Ammen Farenholt; paymaster. James S.
Phillips: chief engineer, Robert W. Gait; passed assistant engineer J.
S. McKean; assistant engineers-A. W. Marshall. C. E. Leiper and J.
B. Henry; boatswain. D. Glynn; gunner. A. A. Phelps; carpenter. J.
H. Gill; pay clerk, F. M. Phillips.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
destroy the Spanish fleet before its re
enforcement arrives, while affording
protection to the cities along the coast
and maintaining an effective blockade
of the Cuban ports. In view of the
small number of effective vessels at
the disposal of the Government, the
task is most difficult, and the board
thoroughly appreciates this fact.
There will be a junction to-morrow of
the fleets under command of Rear Ad
miral Sampson and Commodore Schley,
so that by to-morrow night an effective
force, which will be commanded by the
former officer, will include the battle
ships lowa, Indiana. Massachusetts and
Texas, and the armored cruisers New
York and Brooklyn.
This fleet will be coaled and fully am
munitioned, and on account of its com
partively slow speed, will have to be
stationed at some central point in or
der that it may maintain the blockade
and provide the coast with ample pro-,
tection.
The President has impressed upon th»
naval authorities the absolute neces
sity of maintaining the blockade fop
the reason that once it is broken a
thousand international questions will
arise which will cause the United
States a great deal of embarrassment.
S mission at the Norfolk navy-yard next
1 Saturday, but may not be entirely;
I ready for sea for two weeks yet.
Captain Albert S. Barker, now a
1 member of the Naval Strategy Board,
has been assigned to the command of
the Newark, and will join that vessel
on the 21st inst.
;- BOSTON. May 17.— A special cablo
from Turks Island says that tho
American cruiser Minneapolis passed
through the channel this morning,
I steering a southerly course. Turks Isl
i and is north of San Domingo./
2
CERVERA
EXPECTED
IN HAVANA
Beacon Light Kept Burn=
ing on Morro to Guide
His Fleet.
Blanco Tells His Soldiers That
Spain's Warships Soon Will
Enter the Harbor.
ON BOARD THE HERALD-CALL,
DISPATCH-BOAT ALBERT F. DEW
EY, off Havana, via KEY WEST, Fla.,
May 17. — The Spanish fleet is expected
in Havana. For the last two nights
the Morro Castle light, which has not
been burning since the blockade com
menced, has blazed a red signal to
guide the Spanish warships Into the
harbor.
Some information regarding , the
movements of the fleet has reached
General Blanco. This information must
have come from Madrid, for news of
the sighting of the Cape Verde fleet off
the coast of Venezuela could scarcely
have penetrated rfavana by last Sun
day. Yet on that day General Blanco
caused it to be officially announced to
his soldiers and to the people of Ha
vana that a powerful fleet, with rein
forcements and supplies, had eluded
the American fleet and was approach
ing.
This news was brought by a Cuban
scout picked up in a row boat near Co
jimar, on Sunday night, who brought
out the Information to the blockading
squadron, under cover of darkness, and
then returned to land.
General Blanco evidently expects the
Spanish fleet to round the western end i
of the harbor and enter Havana in the
night, there to land supplies and troops
and prepare for a battle with the block
ading squadron.
Reports of the presence of the Span
ish fleet in these waters have greatly
strengthened the courage of Blanco's !
soldiers, whose spirits were beginning
to droop under the conviction that
Spain had abandoned them to their
fate. Increased activity and prepara
tions for desperate defense are notice
able along the coast.
Soldiers are now plentiful at all
points. They have learned the folly of
exposing themselves to the fire of gun- :
boats and generally keep concealed.
Nevertheless they spring from day to i
MISS DUER
THE BRIDE
OF MACKAY
Wealth and Beauty
Linked by a Quiet
Ceremony.
Only Relatives and a Few
Intimate Friends
Present.
Troths Pledged Before a Grotto
of Lilies and Apple
Blossoms.
A UNIQUE BRIDAL TOUR.
In a Victoria the Couple Travel to
the Groom's Long Island
Home.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, May 17.— That a wed
ding can be talked about until it is
worn threadbare and the wealth of the
groom and beauty of the bride dis
cussed until they sound like ancient
history, and yet the ceremony be cele
brated In the most quiet manner possi
ble, was proved to-day when Miss
Katherine Duer, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. William A. Duer, became Mrs.
Clarence H. Mackay in her father's
house, surrounded only by her own and
her husband's family and relatives and
comparatively few intimate friends.
Yet there was every social reason
here for much fuss and feathers — as
much pomp and display, as many
flowers, as much music, as lg a
crowd, as at any of the historic wed
dings that have passed into social his
tory.
Elegance and simplicity marked the
floral decorations. The bridal party
stood in the drawing-room before a
grotto of lilies and apple blossoms.
The mantel was banked with a mass
of deep-colored bougainvillaea and the
woodwork of the room was entirely
covered by branches of apple blossoms,
tied with apple-gTeen ribbon. The
library was done entirely in pink and
white flowers arranged In vases, moss
roses, sweetpeas and swanso-nia pre
dominating. American Beauty roses
nicknamed the Bride, by the way —
formed a feature of the decoration for
the dining-room and halls. By Instruc
tions of the bride the flowers used In
decoration were sent to the Working
Girls' Club after the ceremony.
The front part of the drawing-room,
for perhaps one-third of the distance,
was ribboned off for the bridal party.
Punctually at 12 o'clock Archbishop
Corrlgan, attended by his secretary.
Father Connelly, and Rev. Thomas
Ducey, entered and took his position
behind a low prle dleu. He was closely
followed by the bridegroom and his best
man. Mr. Columbua C. Baldwin, and
day some carefully thought out plan
to wreak injury upon the blockading
vessels, particularly the small gun
boats that patrol the shore.
Their masked batteries having by
this time been uncovered, General
Blanco has supplied fleldpieces. These
guns are continually being sprung upon
the gunboats from new places. One or
two will be placed In position during
the night and carefully concealed. The
next day when a gunboat comes slip
ping along close to shore, watching for
an opportunity to throw shrapnel shell
into a group of soldiers, these guns will
be turned loose on it.
Several of the smaller gunboats have
had narrow escapes in the last two
days and as the field pieces are moved
every night inshore patrolling is at
tended by some danger. An accurately
aimed shell from these guns might
easily sink a small boat.
The Dewey yesterday and to-day pa
trolled the coast from Havana to Car
denas and back again, seeing Spanish
soldiers in a half-dozen places. At an
abandoned summer resort on Iscosos
Peninsula, now apparently occupied by
the Spanish as barracks, a group of
soldiers fired several shots at us. Al
though the range was not over 2000
yards, at which distance a Mauser rifle
will easily carry, we heard nothing of
the bullets. Three Spanish gunboats
are in Cardenas Bay, but they are
afraid to venture out in the harbor.
I have good reason to believe that
the village of Siguapa, situated near
Cardenas, was attacked and partially
burned by the insurgents last night.
From where the Dewey was lying, two
miles off the coast, I could distinctly
see the flames of the burning houses
and hear scattering shots.
I know that a considerable band of
insurgents came down to the coast
east of Matanzas last Friday for the
Gussie expedition, and they may have
been waiting In concealment since then
in expectation of the steamer's return.
They might easily have taken a village
by surprise and retired before the
Spanish could get reinforcements from
Cardenas.
then almost immediately Lander's or
chestra, stationed in the main foyer,
struck up the "Lohengrin" wedding
march, and the bridal party entered,
the ushers, Messrs. Frank Lyon Polk,
Philip M. Lydig, F. L. H. Betts, Wil
liams P. Burden and Walter S. Lyon
of San Francisco leading the way.
The bridesmaids, Miss Evayn Burden,
Miss Daisy Leiter, Miss Llla Sloane and
Miss Inez Telfener came next, wearing
exquisite gowns, made entirely of alter
nating sections of white mousseline de
soie and lace, draped over pale blue
satin, and coiffure aigrettes of blue to
match. Each carried a large bouquet
of pink rosrs.
The bride, leaning on the arm of her
father, entered last, and superbly beau
tiful she locked. Her gown, made by
Worth, and cut with an immensely long
train, was of silver brocaded satin,
draped at the bodice only with some
beautifully fine maline lace, and the
veil was of tulle, held well back on
coiffure with a few orange blossoms.
Her bouquet was of orchids, and the
only jewels she wore was an immense
pendant, consisting of an extremely
large and perfect-shaped pearl, in
a setting of diamonds, the gift of the
groom.
In the group nearest the bride during
the ceremony was Mrs. Duer, her
mother, who wore a costume of pale
blue satin trimmed with lace and silver
pailettes; Mrs. John Mackay, whose
gown was of pale gray satin and chif
fon and who wore no jewels; the Prin
cess Colonna, wearing a toilet of mauve
chiffon and satin and also without
Jewels, and Mrs. Richard Irvin, in a
handsome gown of white crepe.
The wedding breakfast, which fol
lowed, was served at small tables. At
the bride's table, which occupied the.
center of the dining-room and was dec
orated with gardenias, lilies of the val
ley and orange blossoms, were seated
the bridal party and the Princess Co
lonna, Mrs. Archibald Mackay, Mr.
Bertie Goelet and Mr. C. K. Duer.
The going away of the bride and
groom was somewhat different from the
ordinary. Just a few minutes past 3
o'clock the bride, attired now in a gown
of blue-colored chiffon and silk, and "a
black picture hat loaded with plumes,
ran lightly down the steps, followed by
her husband and the customary shower
of rice, and took her seat in a smart
Victoria which stood just in front of
the awning, but which the curious
crowd thronging the street had no idea
was intended for the newly married
pair.
Quickly Mr. Mackay jumped in beside
her and with cheers from the bystand
ers off they started at a rattling pace
for a three-hour drive to Westbury,
L. 1., and the spacious country house of
Mr. Perry Tiffany, which has been
leased by Mr. Mackay for a term of
years. It is there that Mr. and Mrs.
Mackay will spend the first week of
their honeymoon.
It is hinted that this rather uncon
ventional method of reaching their des
tination was chosen by Mr. and Mrs.
Mackay in order to give the slip to an
enthusiastic crowd of friends who were
contemplating giving them a lively
send-off when they boarded the train
at Long Island City.
The presents were not shown, but
they were numerous and superb. Be
sides many other beautiful jewels Mr.
Mackay gave his bride a magnificent
necklace of emeralds and diamonds and
a toilet set of solid repousse, set with
turquoise, with every conceivable ar
ticle for the toilet table, glove box.
handkerchief box, etc., all of the same
beautiful materials. Mrs. Mackay gave
her daughter-in-law a collar of dia
monds and Mr. Mackay presented a
substantial check.
TWO NEW BISHOPS.
BALTIMORE, May 17.-The election of
Bishops by the General Conference of the
Methodist Episcopal Church South to
day resulted In the choice on the second
ballot of Rev. H. C. Morrison of Nash
ville, Term., and Rev. Dr. W. C. Chandler
of Oxford, Ga. Dr. Morrison received 140
votes and Dr. Chandler 148 on the final
ballot.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 18, 1898.
MANEUVERS OF
THE SPANISH SHIPS
Cablegrams Showing They Have Been
Heading for a Rendezvous in
Porto Rico.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by Junes Gordon Bennett.
ST.THOMASTd. W. 1., May 17.-
The captain of a British sloop re
ports having seen on last Sunday,
from noon until 6 o'clock in theeven
ing, a Spanish squadron of twenty
seven vessels slowly steaming north
of Tortolo in a westerly direction.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
PORTO PLATO, San Domin-
go, May 17.— 1t is reported here that
a Spanish squadron of four cruisers
and two torpedo-boat destroyers,
commanded by Admiral Cervera, is
at Porto Rico. I have not yet been
able to confirm this report, but, what
ever its origin, it appears to be gen
erally accepted here as true.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
CARACAS, Venezuela, May 17.
The Herald's correspondent in Bar
ranquilla, United States of Colombia,
telegraphs that part of Admiral Cer
vera's squadron has come to that
port. It is also reported that the
Spanish ships which left Willemstad,
on the island of Curacoa, on Sunday
evening have been sighted by in
coming vessels heading ..toward
Martinique.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
GIBRALTARTMay 17.-The tor
pedo boats Aviete, Lalcon and Azor,
which were at St. Vincent, Cape
Verde Islands, with the Oquendo,
Vizcaya, Cristobal Colon and Marie
Teresa, went first to the Canaries,
and then proceeded westward. The
transport Ciudad de Cadiz has re
turned to Cadiz.
SPANISH SHIPS HAVE
LEFT MARTINIQUE.
Fleet That Has Hovered in That
Vicinity Departs in the Direc
tion of Cuba.
ST. PIERRE, Martinique, May 17.—
The Spanish torpedo boat destroyer
Terror and the hospital ship Alicante
are still at Fort de France. It is ru
mored that the repairs to the Terror
are finished and that she will leave the
harbor to-morrow.
The signal lights continue and last
night a larere number were flashed from
the hills. A Spanish vessel entered the
harbor late last night, showing no
lights, rapidly scouted and left imme
diately.
There is no doubt that the Spanish
fleet which has been lying in these
waters has now left Martinique, going
direct to Cuba or Porto K:co.
CAPE HAYTTEN, Hayti, May 17.—
Two Spanish cruisers or gunboats are
making their base of operations at Bad
iquferi, or Guantanamo Bay. They are
known to be moving every night in the
waters between Hayti and Cuba, a
Haytien schooner plying between the
Mole St. Nicholas, Jean Rabel a»d
GAVE DEWEY THE
PLANS OF MANILA
CINCINNATI, May 17.-Mr. William Doherty, an ornithologist and
entomologist, who, in the interest of science, has traversed the four
quarters of the globe and has gained a reputation as far-reaching as
his travels, has just returned to his home here from the Philippine Isl
ands, via Hongkong and San Francisco. His latest distinction was
in successfully passing the Spanish customs officers at Manila with
complete plans of the city, the harbor, the fortification and minute de
tails of their armament.
It was a dangerous proceeding, but Mr. Doherty carried it to a suc
cessful accomplishment. The plans and drawings were concealed in a
newly laundered shirt, which was folded, pinned up and branded in the
usual manner and put with other clothing in his trunk. Arriving at
Hongkong, early in April, he delivered the supremely Important pa
pers to Admiral Dewey on the Olympla,
Mr. Doherty is a modest gentleman and deprecates notoriety, and
therefore had little to say on the subject, except to state the bare facts.
Glatinagua ports having met Spanish
vessels several times during the past
few weeks. The Spaniards are sup
posed to hide in the Cuban ports dur
ing the day and to go out cruising at
night.
NEW YORK, May 17.— A special
copyright dispatch from Santa Lucia,
W. 1., to the World says: A large
strange warship was sighted last night
lying off the west coast of this island.
Others were also seen to the northward
of Santa Lucia. These vessels are be
lieved here to be a Spanish squadron
watching for the battleship Oregon
which may pass close to this island on
its way to Key West.
MADRID, May 17.— Instructions have
been given to the maritime authorities
of Barcelona not to permit the depart
ure of large steamers which might be
used as "auxiliary" cruisers.
Elected Town Marshal of Los Gatos.
SAN JOSE, May 17.— At a special elec
tion held at Los Gatos E. E. Springer was
elected Town Marshal. His opponent was
S. Syberson. At an election held a month
ago the two men tied on the vote, ami
another election became necessary. Yes
terday Springer beat his opponent 48
votes.
DIED.
BROWN— In this city. May IT, 1898, Captain
Julian H., husband of Edith B. Brown, a na-
tive of Lienox, Mass. (Boston and New York
papers please copy.)
GLADSTONE ON
HIS DEATHBED
Peacefully Passing Away
Into the Land of
Shadows.
Suffers No Pain Whatever and
His Face Wears a Look \
of Serenity.
Pathetic Scenes Among the Family
While General Sot row Pre
vades Ha warden.
Special DlsDatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 17.— According to a
I special dispatch from Hawarden re
ceived this morning, Mr. Gladstone is
sinking rapidly. The correspondent
says: "He lies on a small iron bed,
peacefully sleeping away into the land
of shadows. The family are all sit
ting around him, or moving noiselessly
in and out. It is a pathetic scene that
is being enacted this gloomy night.
"Late last evening all the servants
of the household were admitted to the
sick room for a final farewell. They
found Mr. Gladstone lying on his right
side in a deep sleep, as if dead. Each
in turn touched his hand and left the
room tearfully.
"Mr. Dobie doubts that his patient
was conscious at any time on Tues
day, though he said 'yes' and 'no,' nor
does the physician believe that Mr.
Gladstone recognized any one. Never
theless, he suffered no pain whatever,
but Just lay with his heas facing the
light, his eyes closed, his hands some
times outside the counterpane and
sometimes hidden beneath.
"His grand face bears a most peace
ful and beautiful look. A few days
ago the deeply bitten wrinkles that so
long marked it were gone, but now,
strangely enough, they seem strong and
deep as ever. He looks, too, in won
derfully good color.
"A bulletin at 9 o'clock Tuesday
morning afforded the first intimation
of the serious condition of the patient.
For some hours no additional informa
tion became public; but there were in
dications that a crisis had been
reached. The little village post office,
from which the telegraph wires run,
was suddenly manned by a staff to
work the special instruments which had
been silenced since they were fitted up
last Saturday in readiness for the emer
gency. During the day wherever one
went one would hear the general ex
pressions of deep regret among the
working people, at Hawarden, Sandy
croft, another village situated at the
foot of the gentle slope, and at Ches-
ter."
3 a, m. — Dr. Herbert Habershon ar
rived at 2 o'clock this morning. The
rain has continued to fall at intervals
throughout the night. Villagers have
been coming singly and in groups of
two or three, entering the castle gates
to glance silently at the rain-beaten
scrap of paper which is the latest bul
letin and then as silently returning to
the gate, not a hundred yards away,
and disappearing into the darkness
only to return later. At this hour many
are collected to gaze in unbroken
silence at the castle lights.
Dr. Habershon has Just retired, from
which it is inferred that nothing in the
nature of an immediate collapse is ex
pected. His physicians think Mr. Glad
stone will never speak again. At this
hour he is in deep sleep, while the
members of the family are keeping up
the final vigil beside the dying states
man. _^_____^____
CHILE AND ARGENTINA
ON THE VERGE OF WAR.
Little Prospect of a Peaceful Solu
tion of the Boundary
Difficulty.
Copyrlg-hted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
VALPARAISO, Chile, May 17.— Senor
Moreno, the Argentina boundary commis
sioner, starts for Buenos Ayres to-morrow
by land with his whole staff. The bound
ary commissioners have suspended their
deliberations until his return in August.
The Chilean military staff is meanwhile
engaged in active war preparations and
have 100.000 men fully equipped for a cam
paign. The general opinion is that peace
ful solution of the present difficulties is
problematical.
Peru's New Ministry.
LIMA, Peru, May 17. — The new cabinet
is composed as follows: President of the
Council and Minister of Justice, Dr.
Loayica; Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Senhor Meliton P. Porras: Minister of
Finance, Senhor Ignacio Roy; Minister for
Home Affairs. Senhor Jose M. LaPuento;
Minister of Public Works, Dr. Flore3;
Minister of War, Senhor Rosagill.
Death of Captain Brown.
The death is announced of Captain Ju
lian Brown, late of the City of Para, who
passed away early this morning at St.
Luke's Hospital, after an operation. He
was about 47 years of age.
AMUSEMENTS. '
Stamp
Taxes
Are coming as ,a necessary war meas-
ure, and as a consequence medicines
will be advanced in price. Therefore it
is advisable to lay in a year's supply at
once. If - you have not yet begun, your
course of Hood's Sarsaparilla buy a few
bottles and begin to take it TO-DAY.
By so doing you will save money and
regain health.
Hood's partlla
Is America's Greatest Medicine.;.
Hood's Pills' are gentle, mild, effective.
UUUU S rilfo All druggists. 25c.
DIRECT
. . TO . .
PARSON CITY.
All water route, no change; , new
steamer, built for leading business men
of : this ; city and Alameda ; , cheap : rate;
best fare; no second-class, all new. fur-
nishings and best caterers, s■- Tickets on
salel at 64 Steuart street, arid 25 Market
street. Call for particulars. ' ; .
SLEDS, BOATS, ETC.
ARCTIC sleds, . rctlc > dogs, Yukon boats,
pilot ; maps ■to : the : Klondike, • Alaska outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable. to burn wood: 50 boats can b*
seen at salesroom. Q. W. KNEASS, 718 Third
st. 'Phono Red MO. .'_ . ■. - • .;■ t 
CERVERA'S
ADDRESS TO
HIS CREWS
Appealed to Their Courage
When About to Leave
Cape Verde.
Asked the Spanish Seamen to
Enter Battle With the Spirit
of Their Sires.
MADRID, May 17.— At the moment
of his departure from the Cape Verde
Islands Admiral Cervera, in command
of the Spanish squadron of the West
Indian waters, made the following ad
dress to the crews of his ships:
"After three years of struggle in
Cuba we were nearing the end of trou
ble, which certainly would have been
ended three months ago but for Amer
ica's aid. That nation, believing she
had created by underhand means a
thousand embarrassments, but that,
nevertheless, she woulu not be able to
attain the object of her ambition, at
last threw off the mask and when the
insurrection was on its last legs com
menced against us the most unjust war
in the history of the world.
"Spain," the admiral continued, "did
not wish for war. Her conduct proved
this. She conceded everything a self
respecting nation could concede, but
the Americans, whose ambition is insa
FEARS FOR A
SUGAR FLEET
Fate of Thirteen Ships
From Honolulu Causes
Anxiety.
May Havfe Been Captured by
the Spaniards on Their
Way to New York.
Loss of the Vessels and. Cargoes
Would Kail Entirely Upon the
Underwriters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 17.— The
Australian steamship Paroo, which ar
rived here to-day with sixty pas
sengers for the Klondike, brings news
from Honolulu that grave fears are en
tertained, owing to the war, for a
sugar fleet which left there three weeks
ago. The Paroo left the islands on May
7, and big ship-owners and under
writers were then anxiously awaiting
news of the fleet. The thirteen vessels
composing it are dandy American
clipper ships, and they have an
aggregate cargo of nearly 50,000 tons.
The vessels cost on an average $100,000
each, and should Spain capture them,
as is feared, the loss would be in the
neighborhood of $5,000,000. The Ha
waiian firms would not be great suf
ferers from the capture of the sugar
cargoes, as they are insured for their
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The War
Is claiming the attention of many persons at this time, but the bread and but*,
ter question for the home, the family, cannot be ignored. If the war continues
with its enormous cost this money will have to be raised by the people. Taxes
and stamp duties which add to the cost of many articles and must be paid by
those who use them are already being contemplated by Congress. We advise
our friends to make hay while the sun shines, lay by a few dollars or a few
goods for the time of nead. No better way than to supply your wants by pur-
chasing for cash at a cash house and at cash prices before any advance takes
place.
CASH—SHOE PRICES.
Sizes 2H. 5. 8, 7, Ladies' $2 50 plain kid 75c
Sizes 2%, 3, BV4, Ladies' Low Shoes 25c
Sizes 1, IH. Misses' $1 75 Tan Shoes 75c |
Sizes 1, IH, Misses' $125 Canvas 50c
Sizes 2, Wi, 3. Misses' Plain Oxfords 25c
Sizes 2%, 3, BVi. Ladies' Lace Shoes, plain.. 4sc |
Sizes 3. ZVt, Ladles' flne Oxfords, opera 50c
Sizes 6 to 7V4. Gent's $2 50 Low Shoes 75c
Sizes 5 to 10, Men's Finest Button $1 37
CASH===WEARING APPAREL.
20 dozen Infants' Shirts, to 1 year Be
Little Drfsses for little folks 35c, 50c
White Dresßes (samples), worth $3. Syears.|l 25
Boys' $1 25 Blue Flannel Shirts. 10 to 12
years 50c
Summer Coats, 34 to 37, worth *2. now 50c
Pants to match, light weight and color 50c i
Thin Gingham or Chambray Coat and Vest.. 2sc j
Small sizes. 34. 35, 36. Casslmere Coats $1 '
Mackinaw or Klondike Coats, closing $175 i
Men's Flannel Shirts, 34 to 38 65c I
Heavy lined Duck Coats, B quality $1
Little Boys' Bib Overalls, brown, blue 20c
MATTING 5 ■ CENTS This ls of the cargo of th «
111 A I IIVi VT n IvrilN 1 O shl P New Yor k- It has been
XTXX *- .-*■ x AXI -V -•" vJUII x^ bleached and cleaned and is in
good order. Some of it was worth five times this price or more. Floor Mat-
ting is higher, none at 10c now worth putting down.
KhgfSv f^^^- ' 808 ' nl^9 ' ■ r ' BBS • »JO : I^9s3^^^^ • ■
mU ?^w / )wt i>£i E^ BtSl i Hi V
ii^^ik She RB Sfcjf Igsl ! '^JBhf^S^r/
The Livest and Liveliest Store in the City
fIBB JMSbSbII A Car lines terminate here. 7 big floors bulging
*^^&i^ •- ■ -^Jfisk wfl with goods at retail to consumers everywhere for cash
VVH MS£B&&3BgE^y only. 44-pnge list ready. Send for it. We guarantee
N^^KJR^^W^X oil, the 6 <K)dB we sell. Liberality our motto. The stop*
ulp S»>^ that deals honestly with oil the people— all the time.
25=27 MARKET STREET, S. F.
tiable, always asked for something
more, and even what belonged to us—
that land discovered by Spaniards led
by Columbus.
"Forward, then, to the war, since we
are forced thereto by the Americans'
blind ambition. But let us enter the
combat as the Spaniards of old, strong
in our rights and trustful in God, who
will never abandon a just cause and
who will aid our efforts.
"I need not enjoin discipline upon
you, for during the past six months you
have been under my command, I have
only had cause for congratulation. Nor
need I call on you to do your duty con
scientiously, especially during the
watches, which will often be m^st try
ing. Still less need I urge you to dis
play courage. You are Spaniards and
that is sufficient in war.
"Then, when I lead you to battle,
have confidence in your chiefs, and the
nation, whose eye is upon you, will see
that Spain to-day is the Spain of all
time.
"Viva Espana! Viva el Rey! Viva
la Reina Cristina!"
full value. The brunt of the enormous
loss which would be incurred would
fall on the underwriters.
The fleet, it is stated, was last sighted
around the Horn, proceeding up the
Atlantic coast to New York, its destina
tion. It is composed of the following
vessels: Nuuanu, carrying 1710 tons;
Tillie E4E 4 Starbuck, 5206; Adam W.
Spies, 1834; W. F. Babcock, 3426: S. P.
Hitchcock, 3543; H. B. Hyde, 4034; Iro
quois, 3350; George Stebon, 2800; Kenil
worth, 3900; Luzon, 2000; A. J. Fuller,
4850; George Curtis. 4000; Ayrian, 4338.
The Nuuanu carries the Hawaiian
flag, which should prove a protection.
It Is reported along the coast that the
Luzon, fearing capture, put in some
where south of Los Angeles. It Is
rather a singrular coincidence, and one
that superstitious underwriters laid
stress on in Honolulu, that the sugar
fleet consists of thirteen vessels. All
except one fly the American flag. and.
nearly all left • together. Passengers
say the war excitement is intense on
the islands.
TWO SPANISH GUNBOATS
MENACE THIS COAST.
Steamer Alert Reports Their Suspi
cious Conduct at Guayaquil,
Ecuador.
SAN DIEGO, May 17.— Captain
Leutze, commanding the United States
steamship Alert, now in this harbor,
which sails to-night for San Fran
cisco, reports that there are two Span
ish gunboats of about 150 tons at
Guayaquil, Ecuador, and they have
been there for some time — much longer
than the neutrality laws allow. This
is the first news received of any Span
ish warships being on the west coast
of America. The news was given to
Captain Leutze by the captain of a
Panama steamer which called at Guay
aquil.
The Alert has orders to go out of
commission on her arrival at Mare Is
land. Captain Leutze will probably be
ordered to command the Monterey, and
the other officers, crew and modern
guns will go to the Philadelphia.
CASH-GROCERY PRICES.
Ptcnlc Hams, very choice B<j
Klondike Ham, salted to keep 12u 0
Bacon or Ham, flne, B quality Btyc
Head Cheese, home made, flne ioc
Sago or Tapioca, best, imported 4C4 C
Butter Beans, a high grade 2Vfcc
Prunes, well cured, medium size s c
Tea Dust, a few chests, good ioc
Fine package of Tea, family use io c
20 kinds of Cheese, domestic and imported,
at right prices.
CASH-SUPPLY PRICES.
Large Ks JapanncJ Tea Canisters 5C5 C
Large or mcd. decorated. Neat Platters. 15c, 200
Bread. Cake and Paring Knives, set 20c
Butter Dishes. 3 pieces, decorated 15 C
Flower Baskets, wire, 25c kind log
Pickle Dishes, decorated, 15c kind 5C5 C
Fish Rods, 10 feet long, folding 5C5 C
Lunch Baskets, reduced from 33c to 100
Handle Baskets for little folks i o
Bicycle Carriers, $2 50 kind, closing so<jHAVANA`S DEFENDERS
NOW IN SORRY PLIGHT
SPANISH FLEET
CUT OFF FROM
CUBfIN PORTS
American Styps Control the Avenues
by Wtych the Enemy Could
React} the Island.
Blanco's forces at Havana face Famine and Ad
roiral Cervera Must Fight if He Attempts
to Relieve Them.
Call Office, Riggs House, Washington, May 17.
It Is believed that the American squadrons are under orders to prevent Admiral Cervera
from gaining an entrance to any Cuban harbor with ammunition and supplies for Blanco. The
Secretary of the Navy has not the slightest doubt that this is the mission of Cervera, for his fleet
was started across the Atlantic soon after Blanco issued his urgent appeal for relief from a threat
ened famine.
That a famine will soon exist in Cuba is indicated by to-day's news via Jamaica stating that
exorbitant prices are charged for staple food products, eggs selling for 10 cents each, meat at 50
cents a pound and flour 30 cents.
The draft made on poverty-stricken Spain to feed her Cuban army may well be imagined.
This convinced the naval sharps that Admiral Cervera's fleet will make a desperate attempt to reach
a Cuban port and land supplies and ammunition. Havana harbor would natually be the destina
tion of the Spanish fleet but for the fact that it would add to its steaming distance, and at the same
time be more difficult to enter owing to the blockade maintained by our squadron of warships.
In view of this situation, it is believed that either of the two principal ports on the south coast of
Cuba— Santiago or Cienfuegos— will be the fleet's destination. The Navy Department realizing this fact,
Sampson's fleet and the flying squadron will be posted between the enemy and these ports. This is all that
is definitely known of our naval plans. While it is not believed there will be a juncture of our two fleets, it
is considered altogetner probable they will be so situated, relatively, that either could quickly steam to the
assistance of the other.
The distance between Cienfuegos and Santiago is comparatively short. With our four swift scouting
cruisers the Minneapolis. St. Louis, Yale and Harvard — variously disposed so as to patrol Virgin, Mono
and Windward passages and Cape San Antonio (the western extremity of Cuba) the early approach of the
enemy could be heralded. Sampson and Schiey could effect a juncture and by combined effort easily dispose
of the hostile fleets.
On the other hand, even though a juncture between our two squadrons seemed inexpedient, the ports
of Santiago and Cienfuegos would still be blockaded. With Sampson at Santiago and Schiey at Cienfuegos,
the enemy could at the same time be intercepted — to Havana through the Windward passage by Sampson
and around Cape San Antonio by the flying squadron. It is the universal impression in Washington that
some such plan has been adopted.
With Havana, Cienfuegos and Santiago shut against it, the Spanish fleet would naturally seek coal
and provisions at the harbor of San Juan, and it is said that the American naval commanders would desire
nothing better than to have it follow that course. If the Spanish admiral could be enticed into the har
bor of San Juan it would be possible for the two flying divisions of the American navy to combine in a
blockade of that harbor and either starve the Spanish forces into subjection or to enter the harbor itself and
destroy the Spanish warships by the use of tactics similar to those adopted by Admiral Dewey in the har
bor of Manila.
The execution of such a plan has been rendered practicable by the recent destruction by Admiral Samp
son's fleet of the principal batteries guarding the entrance of the harbor of San Juan, so that in the event
of a battle in that harbor the United States navy would have only the Spanish ships to cope with. In
the opinion of naval strategists, the absence of land batteries would insure an American victory after a
short fight.
The Cuban invasion was discussed at the Cabinet meeting to-day, and, while it was agreed to rapidly
mobilize the volunteers at Gulf ports and have them equipped and ready for a possible hurried change in the
military programme, it was generally understood all around the President's table, that no movement should
be made to embark any considerable number of troops for Cuba until after the two fleets had reached their
respective destinations, or until it was ascertained that the troops could be landed without interference from
the Spanish squadron. In brief, the Cuban invasion is held up for the present and the delay is for an in
definite period.
The first military expedition to sail will be that from San Francisco for the Philippines, and within
two weeks, it is believed, the second expedition, convoyed by the Philadelphia, will embark. By July Ist
16,000 troops, regulars and volunters, will have landed at Manila.
General Merritt's telegram to the President to-day denying that he had submitted to the purported in
terview published this morning satisfied the President that General Merritt had been misquoted. Merritt
was represented as criticizing the administration for proposing to send only 1000 regulars to the Philip
pines instead of 5000. But despite the general's denial, there is good reason to believe that he made some
such statement, for it was partially confirmed by the arrival here from New York of a member of his staff,
Colonel Hughes, inspector general of the Department of the East, who stated that it was General Merritt's
desire that about 5000 well seasoned regulars should accompany the expeditions to the islands.
Secretary Alger and General Miles are considering the feasibility of sending immediate^ to San Fran
cisco three regiments of regulars now at Tampa.
General Greely, chief of the signal service, will dispatch a corps of electrical experts and cable and
telegraph operators to accompany the next troop ship that leaves for Manila. These are expected to splice
the Hongkong cable, establish a new terminal station and operate both the cable and land lines.
The rules adopted by the Navy Department and applied to-day, restricting officials and employes from
conversing freely with press representatives or others about the conduct of the war, amount to a rigid cen
sorship. General Greely, chief signal officer of the War Department, has closed another news avenue. The
Haytien and Anglo-American Cable Companies, operating in Cuban, Jamaican and Porto Rican waters, have
been warned not to accept any press or private cables giving information of the movements of war vessels.
By this strict censorship the naval war board hopes to hoodwink the enemy as successfully as the Spaniards
have deceived us.
CONVERTED TO
CATHOLICISM
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTTN, May 17.— J. J.
Ebanks. sentenced to expiate his mur
der of the Stiles family on the scaffold
May 27, has become a convert to the
tenets of the Catholic church. The
San Diego murderer has held frequent
consultations with the sisters for some
time, the result of which was that some
time ago he made a request that Rev.
Father Lagan visit him. The priest
held several interviews with Ebanks,
and finally became convinced of the
elncerity of his professions of faith.
Accordingly he will be confirmed be
fore going on the scaffold.
"It is true that Ebanks has become a
convert," said Father Lagan yester
day, after he had visited the murderer
in his cell. "He will be confirmed some
time prior to the execution."
Wife-murderer Owens of Stanislaus
County and Clark, the Napa murderer,
will not be executed this month, a stay
of execution In each case having been
served on Warden Hale, pending ap
peals to the State Supreme Court.
Owens was to have been hanged on the
20th inst. and Clark on the 27th.
The Board of State Prison Directors
held its regular monthly meeting to
day. Directors Hayes, Fitzgerald, Ray
and Wilkins were present. Director
Devlin is lying ill of typhoid fever at
his home in Sacramento. Both the
morning and afternoon sessions were
executive. At the morning session the
price of grain bag? was reduced from
Jo 30 to $4 85 per 100. Clerk Ellis was
instructed to advertise for bids to fur
nish a year's supplies for the San
Quentin and Folsom penitentiaries. All
bids for the former must be sent in by
June 11 and for the latter by June 18.
POSSIBLE MAKE-UP OF
SPAIN'S NEW CABINET
MADRID, May 17. — It Is announced semi-offlclally this evening that
the reconstructed Cabinet probably will be made up as follows:
President of the Council — Senor Sagasta.
Minister of Foreign Affairs— Senor Castillo.
Minister of War — Lieutenant-General Correa.
Minister of Marine — Vice-Admiral Butler.
Minister of the Colonies— Senor Gamazo.
Minister of Finance — Senor Lopez Puigceiver.
Minister of the Interior— Senor F. R. Capdepon.
Minister of Justice — Senor C. Groisard.
Minister of Public Instruction— Senor Romero Glron.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAT 18, 1898.
John J. Hare, in for grand larceny
for six years from March, 1896, was
paroled, as well as Fred Brown, serving
four years from January, 1896, for as
sault to murder, and Lawrence J.
Blackwell, serving a term for robbery,
from November, 1895.
At the afternoon session the price of
sugar bags was fixed at $5 60 per 100. .
Warden Hale reported that the num
ber of grain bags now on hand at the
prison was 3,287.500; there have been
sold, 497.722; there have been shipped
69,722; there have been sold and are
awaiting shipment, 428,000; there are
now on hand and available for sale
2,859,500.
HEAVY FIRING
OFF TORTUGA
PORT AU PRINCE, May 17. — A gTeat sensation was caused here by
the arrival to-day of the military commandant of the Isle of Tortuga,
off the northwest coast of Hayti, and due north of Port de Paix, near
the entrance to the Windward Passage, who brought word to the
Haytien War Department of what Is believed to have been a naval en
gagement on Sunday.
The commandant reached Port de Paix from the Isleof Tortuga in a
canoe. He reported to the War Office that throughout the whole of
Sunday a very persistent cannonading had been heard east of the
island, and that from its duration and intensity there was a strong pre
sumption that a very serious action had taken place.
A thick fog at the time made it impossible to distinguish any ves
bpl that might be engaged.
HEARING THE
FULL QUOTA
Volunteer Army Now
Numbers Over Ninety-
Thousand Men.
Seventeen Regiments Report
to General Brooke at
Chickamauga.
Officers and Men of the Fifth Corps
Glad That Shatter Is to
Head Them.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington, May 17.
The volunteer army is rapidly near
ing completion. Reports received by
Adjutant General Corbin to-night show
that 92,580 men have been mustered in.
Eighteen States have completed their
quota as follows: California, Georgia,
Idaho, Indiana, Kansas, Maine, Mary
land, Minnesota. Massachusetts, New
Hampshire, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsyl
vania, Vermont, Washington, West
Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming.
Orders to the volunteer troops to
move were given as follows: First
Wisconsin to Tampa, Second Illinois to
Tampa. Light Battery A (Illinois) to
Chickamauga, Third Michigan to Tam
pa, Battery B (Pennsylvania) to Chick
amauga.
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL, PARK,
May 17.— At 6 o'clock this evening
eleven regiments of infantry, one of
cavalry and five of light artillery—
12,000 men all told— had reported to
General Brooke, In command of th-j
Chickamauga army. The different
regiments have been . provided with
camping grounds, tents and equip
ments as rapidly as possible and the
historic battle-field begins to present
proof of what the United States can
do in the way of assembling a volun
teer army.
General Brooke this morning com
pleted the assignment for the first
division of the Sixth Provisional Army
Corps, Major-General James H. Wilson
commanding, as follows:
First Brigade— Brigadier-General A. S.
Burr First Ohio, Colonel Hunt; Third
Wisconsin, Colonel Martin T. Moore;
Fifth Illinois, Colonel J. S. Culver.
Second Brigade— Brigadier-General C.
E Compton; Fourth Ohio, Colonel A. B.
Colt 1 Third Illinois, Colonel Fred Ben
nett;' Fourth Pennsylvania., Colonel D. B.
Third Brigade— Brigadier-General H.
W Law ton; Sixteenth Pennsylvania,
Colonel Huling; Second Wisconsin Col
onel C A. Born; One Hundred and Fifty
seventh Indiana. Colonel George M.
Studebaker.
Brigadier General Lawton to-day re
ceived orders to report to Tampa, and
Colonel Wilson J. Huling, of the Six
teenth Pennsylvania, being the senior
officer In Camp Thomas, was assigned
to the Third Brigade of the First Divi
sion.
General Brooke, who has been trans
ferred to the Department of the Gulf,
will retain his headquarters at Chicka
mauga. General James H. Wade, who
has been assigned to the Third Army
Corps, will report to General Brooke to
morrow. It is expected that General
Wilson's corps will have been com
pleted by Wednesday evening or
Thursday morning, by which time Gen
eral Wade will be here to assist in the
reorganization of the divisions of his
corps.
TAMPA, Fla.. May 17.— The assign
ment of General Shafter to command
the Fifth Corps, which embraces two
thirds of thf entire regular army of
the United States, is received with
satisfaction by both officers and men.
The regular troops will be the first to
be landed in Cuba, and General Shaf
ter's reputation OS a fighter leads the
men to believe that their work will be
cut out for them from the start.
Arrangements have been practically
concluded for the placing of the thir
teen regiments of volunteers which
will be included in the Seventh Army
Corps under Major-General Fitzhugh
Lee at Lakeland and Dade City, at
least until the troops at Tampa are
moved. The water supply, which has
been a cause of much annoyance at
Tampa, is abudant at Lakeland.
WASHINGTON, May 17.— First Lieu
tenant Charles Young of the Ninth
Cavalry has been relieved from duty
at Wilberforce University, Ohio, in
order that he may accept the position
of major of the Ninth Battalion of the
Colored Ohio Volunteers Infantry.
Lieutenant Young is the only colored
officer in the line of the army. This is
said to be the first instance in which
a colored officer has been given the
command of a battalion of troops In the
army.
DENVER, May 17.— The First Regi
ment Colorado Volunteers, Colonel Irv
ing Hale, departed for San Francisco
this afternoon. They occupy four
trains, two going west over the Den
ver and Rio Grande Railroad, and two
over the Colorado Midland. The sol
diers marched from camp through the
city to the depot, and were wildly
cheered by the crowds lining the
streets.
VANCOUVER BARRACKS. Wash.,
May 17.— Major Thomas H. Barry, as
sistant adjutant-general of the Depart
ment of the Columbia, received orders
to-day to report at the Presidio. Cal.,
for active field duty In the Philippine
Islands. He will leave for San Fran
cisco to-morrow night.
TROOPS TO GO
WITH MERRITT
Three Regiments of Reg
ulars Coming From
Tampa.
Views of the General Favorably
Received by the De
partment.
He Objects to a Published Interview
but Gains His Point,
Nevertheless.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, May 17.
Secretary Alger this afternoon re
ceived the following telegram from
General Merritt:
GOVERNORS ISLAND, N. T.
Hon. R. A. Alger, Secretary of War,
Washington: 1 desire you to know that
the interviews published in the New York
papers this morning are in every way in
correct and unauthorized. I had intended
to take no notice of them, but I under
stand the articles are taken seriously in
Washington. WESLEY MKRRITT.
Colonel R. P. Hughes, inspector-gen
eral, with headquarters at New York
City, was at the War Department to
day on a mission from General Mer
ritt in connection with the assignment
of regular troops to accompany the
Philippine expedition soon to start
from San Francisco. General Merritt's
preference for a larger number of reg
ulars than it was proposed by the de
partment to give him has been known
for some time, and his views on t^at
subject are shared by many of the
army officials. They realize that Gen
eral Merritt will have a delicate and
important duty to perform as Military
Governor of the Philippines, and they
agree in expressing the opinion that
the general should have an adequate
and well-disciplined force at his com
mand to maintain order in a city that
will be filled with discordant elements.
There are not enough regulars in the
West to furnish the number that Gen
eral Merritt thinks should be sent on
the expedition, and consequently Sec
retary Alger and the department of
ficials have been considering the advis
ability of withdrawing about three of
the infantry regiments from Tampa,
where a large number are rendezvous
ed and disDatching them post haste to
the Pacific Coast.
These men are well seasoned and
thoroughly disciplined, and are just the
kind General Merritt believes should
be sent on the trans-Pacific trip.
Capta-in Jesse M. Lee, United States
Infantry, who has been stationed at
Tampa recently, reported at army
headquarters to-day in response to tele
graphic instructions, and it may be he
is here with reference to the sending
of some troops now there to the Philip
pines. General Greely, chief signal
officer, is making arrangements to send
a detachment of six officers and fifty
five men, made up largely of telegraph
operators and electricians to accom
pany the Philippine expedition.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/?&> _ You some-
themselves on the chest and laugh at the
idea they will some-day regret their reck-
lessness and neglect. They laugh at Death,
but in a short while, a very short while, the
laugh is on the other side. Death waits
while they laugh. He who laughs last,
laughs bfst, and in due time Death dances
on the prostrate body of the laugher. There
ace many funny things in this world but
death is not one of them. Neither is ill-
health for it is one of Death's weapons and
the most effective.
When a hard-working man feels out of
sorts, and has a poor appetite, and doesn't
sleep well, and goes to work in the morning
tired-out and heavy headed, he should take
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery. It
is the best health -bringer and health-keeper
known. It corrects all disorders of the di-
gestion, invigorates the liver, restores the
appetite and keeps it hearty and keen. It
drives impurities from the blood and dis-
ease - germs from the body. It builds
healthy flesh, firm muscles, steady nerves
and active brain cells. It brings restful
sleep and restores ambition. It cures nerv-
ous irritation, nervous exhaustion and nerv-
ous prostration. It cures 98 per cent, of all
cases of consumption. It is the discovery
of an eminent and skillful specialist, Dr.
R V Pierce, now and for thirty years past,
chief consulting physician to the Invalids'
Hotel and Surgical institute, Buffalo, N. Y.
DR.PIERCE'S;^=
health, and good health is largely a matter
of healthy activity of the bowels. Doctor
Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure constipation.
They are safe, sure and speedy, and once
taken do not have to be taken alway9. One
little "Pellet" is a gentle laxative, and
two a mild cathartic. _._,- - pT «
They never gripe. IJU, I h I S
Druggists sell them. rLrLLLIJt
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THIS IS WHAT
lA/ 1
WE
T T JU
Our logical belief is that he who sells- at
small profit sells quickly. He who quickly
sells sells much. He who much at small
profit quickly sells earns little on much. and
much by many.
Our $10.00 sale is attracting a great; deal
of attention. Purchasers are crowding and
continually growing larger. "Without a doubt
it is another week of world-beaters.
11
Several hundred Single and /^^r^/^N.
Double Breast Suits and 3- v / jy^ I \
Button Cutaways, in all the It 1 \
latest shades and the latest / | A I
designs imaginable. They / j & 1 J J
are simply stunning, and /— V/// #i>r~""'""\ / /
represent a garment in c -^// /|V V /
which quality tells. Price / / \ \W^y
sells. During this sale 1/ \ \"-4^
$10.00. Air
Positively worth double. // \4 I
q>o.DU.
vs^} '/ffiL&T\ Over a hundred lines of
y^'v'V Sailor Suits, Middies and Reef-
«K Af^Jr ' ) ers, in ages from 3to 10. For
"Ifv* »tQy the older boys, plain effects,
/ r >-triT' ages 9 to 15. The garments
I ITi — T are elegantly trimmed -with
t T-j r \\\|/ Silk Soutache and Silk Braid.
|[ A \, Ti Some with green collars and
Lfi/r' V / shields trimmed with red in-
\l \ &H laid cloth and white soutache.
\\ L^j-, v The above garments are great-
e^V^^-; ly reduced from their regular
prices.
Our Fedora at this / \ .
price has proved such ■"^iClthf^ ,' ■■■ \
a success we have de- fri"feP^^^v
cided to continue the V\«^»|P^^
sale. Sold for less than X^^^P^^^^TJ/
manufacturer's cost. ,*r—~^ - '*^^
Our Furnishing Goods De-
partment offers this week
____ over a hundred dozen " col-
/tffc^-**^ ored shirts ; long and short,
Ov^ fX&ffij^ bosoms; bodies made of New
dp^^ATißn r^^r l^ York mill cotton; open front
J,^ and back double felled seams,;
bosoms ; bodies made of New
fv j?p : *& York mill cotton ; open front
and back ; double felled seams,;
m-^^^\ fit perfection. Sale price
— 50c.
Reduced from $1.00.
~T~, ■ - ■ ~~ .-• . , . --. ■ - ! . ■■ . ■ ' ~~ 7: "
We cheerfully exchange goods or refund
money.
S.N.WOOD&CO.,
718 Market Street.
84
HAVANA ACCOUNT
OF TWO VICTORIES
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, May 17. — The French .man-of-war Dubourdieu sailed
from this port to-day, but I was unable to ascertain her destination.
She carried four passengers, who fled from the island. As the ship left
port a mob hissed the fugitives.
Pome American ships at 8 o'clock in the morning of last Friday at
tempted to land troops on Tablas Acuas Beach, Plnar del Rio. Firing
•was kept up for two hours, the Spanish preventing a landing. Later
they attempted to make a landing at Salado Jarro Beach. An Ameri
can gunboat fired forty-nine shots, but Spanish troops prevented a
landing. It is asserted that the Spanish artillery fired two well-aimed
shots, the missiles falling on the deck of the American gunboat.
Colonel Rodriguez has routed in Carmen Hills, near Guines, the
combined forces of rebels, aggregating 400 men. They were dispersed,
leaving many killed and wounded. About 200 bodies were picked up.
It is asserted that among the dead the body of Emile Collazo was iden
tified. Many horses, weapons and supplies were captured at Guines,
and many good soldiers among the insurgents have since sworn alle
giance to the Government.
A REGIMENT
OF PYTHIANS
Patriotic Offer Made by
the Grand .Lodge of
California.
Message Sent to the President
That Evokes the Greatest
Enthusiasm.
Uniform Hank Seeks the Privilege of
Drilling and Parading With
War Accouterments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, May 17.— When Grand
Chancellor W. EL Grant of Woodland
called the session of the Grand Lodge,
Knights of Pythias, to order this
morning in Odd Fellows' Hall, he was
greeted by an enthusiastic delegation
consisting of < ver 300 of the representa
tive citizens of the State. The usual
formalities being over, the report of H.
Schaffner, grand keeper of records and
seals, was presented to the lodge. The
report showed the order to bs in a
flourishing condition.
Shortly before the adjournment at
noon, the following telegram was sent
by the Grand Lodge to the President of
the United States, tendering the serv
ices of a regiment of Pythians to the
Government in case they should be
needed. The telegram was as follows:
SANTA ROSA. May IT.
To the President of the United States,
"Washington: The Grand Lodge of Cali
fornia, Knights of Pythias, now in session
assembled at Santa Rosa, Cal., and repre
senting over 11,000 loyal American citizens,
hereby tenders the services of a full regi
ment, composed of and officered by mem
bers of this order, subject to your call at
any time. We will have ready for you a
second and third regiment whenever the
Government needs tnem. The men, ofil
cered, after two weeks' drilling in camp,
will be ready for any duty assigned them.
We await your order.
The report was adopted amid the
greatest enthusiasm, members cheering
the reading of the message repeatedly.
The action of the Grand Lodge shows
conclusively that the Knights of
Pythias is a thoroughly patriotic
organization.
Following close upon the heels of this
resolution was another, somewhat of
the fame general tenor, providing that
in case any member of a subordinate
lodge should go er be called to the
front in defense of his country in the
present crisis, his per capita tax to the
Grand Lodge should be remitted during
the period covered by his absence. This
was introduced by Colonel H. R. Arndt
of San Diego, and its passage was the
signal for renewed enthusiasm.
A committee of five was appointed to
attend to the matter of redistricting
the State, and the matter had hardly
been settled before H. L. Clark of Lodi
was on his feet with a resolution of
approval of the action of the President
and Congress in undertaking to assist
the liberty-loving residents of Cuba in
their struggle for independence. The
resolution also provided that subordi
nate lodges throughout the State do
all in their power to assist in this noble
cause, and the matter went through
with a rush.
Lieutenant-Governor Jeter of Santa
Cruz was then appointed a committee
of one to interview Governor James H.
Budd, and if possible get him to grant
a license to the different companies of
the Uniform Rank in the State, per
mitting them to drill, organize and
parade with guns and the other occou
terments of war.
The Introduction of a resolution in
dorsing Judge Stanton L. Carter of
Fresno for the office of supreme vice
chancellor of the Grand Lodge of the
United States met with the hearty ap
proval of the delegates, and the reso
lution was passed unanimously.
The action of Grand Chancellor Grant
in the matter of allowing certain ex
penses incurred during the resuscita
tion of Vita Nuova Lodge was In
dorsed by the Grand Lodge, shortly
after which the session adjourned to
to-morrow morning.
Already the matter of a place for
holding the next session of the Grand
I,odge in being agitated. Pasadena.
Par.ta Cruz, Rod Bluff and Oakland are
in the race, and the chances are said to
be somewhat in favor of Santa Cruz.
This evening a reception to the dele
gates was tendered at the Athenaeum
by the members of Santa Rosa Lodge
and citizens.
The delegates and visitors will spend
to-morrow In the redwoods of the beau
tiful Guerneville country, and a grand
ball will be given In their honor at the
Athenaeum !n the evening.
Grand Chief Mrs. Lydia Monroe of
Riverside called the eighth annual
grand temple of the Rnthbone Sisters
to order at Fraternity Hall this morn
ing 1 . The attendance was the largest
known in the history of the order and
the report of the grand chief shows that
the affairs of the order are in a highly
satisfactory condition.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
was the first maker of
sticks of soap for shav-
ing. Pears' Soap es-
tablished over ioo
years.
OPPOSES WAR
TAX ON BEER
Jones of Arkansas Ex
presses the Views of
Democrats.
-■ . v—- 1 : .- - -. .. , - ;- : 1 .-/. ■
■ ■■ ■■ I' ■" ■ 1 ;
Believes Property and Not Con
sumption Should Bear the
Burden.
Denounces the Stamp Tax as Oner
ous and Says Tobacco Should
Be Exempt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 17.
Considerable progress was made by j
the Senate to-day in considering the j
war revenue measure. Mr. Jones of
Arkansas presented in a general state
ment the views of the Democratic mem
bers of the Finance Committee. He
maintained that the taxes imposed by j
the pending bill ought to be levied on j
property and not upon consumption;
that the policy of the Republican party
had always been to impose taxes upon j
consumption, while that of the Demo- j
cratic party was to impose it upon i
property. He believed that taxation !
that would raise $150,000,000 would be j
amply sufficient to be carried by this
bill, and that if the exigencies of the
war should demonstrate that more '.
money was needed, Congress could
provide it later. He opposed the prop- !
osition to issue bonds and certificates ;
of indebtedness far in excess of the
requirements of the war and held that
the expenses should be paid by the i
Government as the war progresses.
The Senate chaplain' in his invoca- j
tlon at the opening of the session to- j
day paid a tribute to those who suffei- j
at home through the horrors of war. j
Mr. Hale, qfralrman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, offered the follow
ing resolution, which was agreed to:
That the treasury appointments made
by the President on and after April 21,
IS9S, and up to the date of the passage
of this joint resolution, of officers of the
line and staff of the navy are hereby
ratified and confirmed, to continue in force
during the exigency under which their
services are required in the existing war.
Officials so appointed shall be assigned
to duty with rank and pay of the gradeß
established by existing law, and shall be
paid from the appropriation for "pay of
the navy."
A bill was reported by the Military
Affairs Committee by Carter of Mon
tana, and passed, providing that pay
and allowance of the volunteers en
listed in the United States army shall
begin on the day of their enrollment at
the State camps, with a provision that
volunteer troops sent to the Philippine
Islands may draw one month's pay in
advance. It was explained that the bill
applied only to those who as volunteers
had enlisted in the United States army.
On motion of Allison, consideration
of the war revenue measure was re
sumed, Jones of Arkansas taking the
floor. Jones said he doubted whether
there was a man In the Senate who
was not ready to vote all the money
and taxes necessary to carry on the
present war. He would not perform
his duty, he thought, If he should vote
for too much money. The problem
presented was how much money was
needed.
Jones called attention to the state
ment of the Secretary of the Treasury
Gage that the additional expenses of
the war, over and above the current
expenses of the Government, would be
about $25,000,000 a month, a total of
perhaps $300,000,000 a year. Secretary
Alger had informed the Finance Com
mittee that the extraordinary war ex
penses of his department would be
about $150,000,000. He thought this
amount sufficiently liberal.
Mr. Jones declared that every feature
of the bill was a tax on consumption.
The stamp tax was one of the most
onerous and vexatious forms of taxation
ever devised. The tax upon tobacco
and upon beer was a tax on consump
tion.
Without reaching any agreement as
to what portion of the bill should be
considered first the Senate proceeded
with the reading of the bill. Mr. Alli
son presented tables showing the
amounts of the ordinary appropriations
for the next fiscal year. They aggre
gate (less $51,000,000 for the sinking
fund) $480,849,852. The total estimated
revenues (including postal revenues)
Mr. Allison's tables showed were $482,
874,647, an excess of $2,024,795 over the
estimated ordinary appropriations. The
appropriation for the war Mr. Allison
gave as follows: National defense (act
of March 9. 1898), $50,000,000; army, fort
ifications and navy (act of May 4), $35,
700,000; fortifications, $4,000,000; naval
act (increase over 1898 for war pur
poses), $23,100,000; naval deficiencies,
1898, $22,275,000; naval establishment for
1898, additional $75,000,000; naval auxil
iary bill, $4,000,000; immune bill and en
gineer bill, $15,000,000; army for 1899,
additional $150,000,000. Total appropria
tions on account of war, $379,192,000.
HOUSE PROCEEDINGS.
WASHINGTON, May 17.— The House*
held a brief session to-day. Two Impor
tant bills affecting labor were passed,
one limiting the labor of persons em
ployed upon Government works and In
Government service to eight hours
daily, and the other providing for the
equipment of a non-partisan labor com
mission to consider legislative problems
affecting labor.
Davenport, from the Elections Com
mittee No. 1, called up the report in
the contested election case of "W. God
frey Hunter vs. John S. Rhea, from the
Third Kentucky District. The report
favored the sitting member and with
out discussion was adopted. The con
testant, Dr. Hunter, is now Minister to
Guatemala.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 18, 1898.
NEW OBSTACLE
BEFORE DOLE
The Hawaiian Legislature
May Defeat the An
nexation Bill.
Unanimous Indorsement 'by
the Cabinet Will Not In
. sure Its Passage. ,
V
Island-- Government Willing to Aid
This Country Under Present Con
. ;V ditions During the War.
Special Correspondence ot Th« Call.
HONOLULU, May 9.— President Dole
accorded The Call correspondent a very
lengthy interview this forenoon, dur
ing which the annexation and neutral
ity questions were thoroughly discussed
in almost all their phases. The views
of the President are those of a man
sincerely anxious that his Government
shall keep the truest and purest faith
with the Government of the United
States. ■: V' \ •
While,, until the arrival of the last
steamer, he has not felt inclined to re
fer to the annexation bill sent some few
weeks ago from Washington, except in
the most secret councils of the Cabinet,
he has within the last few days taken
into his confidence legislators and other
prominent citizens. He does not feel
justified in permitting the text of the
bill to be made public until the Cabinet
has arrived at a decision ; upon it, for
there is one important provision in.it
(to which he will not specifically refer)
which does not meet with the present
approval of the Government.
Furthermore, while he does not say so
in plain words, he feels very doutf ul
whether if the bill were placed before
the Legislature with the* unanimous in
dorsement of the Cabinet (not yet ob
tained) it would stand any chance of
passing.
The President feels, to a very force- J
ful degree, that Hawaii has done all in
her power to foster the cause of an
nexation, and that if Hawaii is needed
by the United States," or is deemed an
acceptable gift by her, Congress should
consummate the bargain at once and I
not throw the onus of what may per- j
chance some day be regarded by others
as an irregular proceeding ■, upon Ha- I
waii. Irregularities are often con
doned in time of war, and may be re
garded as one of those instances in
which the change of conscience on the
part of a few Senatorial votes in favor
of annexation, on the grounds of pa
* annexation, on the grounds of pa
tic requirements, might be forgiven
even by their political opponents,
The President has also practically de- i
cided that, if we are not annexed, he
will not issue a proclamation of neu
trality. He deems it absolutely un
necessary for us, and, furthermore, he i
is reading up the precedents, showing
that in certain circumstances, analo
gous to the relations existing between j
Hawaii and the United States, one
belligerent may be more favored by a j
neutral than another. He is determ
ined to assist the United States as far
as he possibly can without transgress
ing his constitutional limits. It , is.
principally because he ' believes the
Washington bill to be ultra vires of our
constitution that he almost anticipates
defeat for it when presented, probably
on the 12th inst. The United States
having a lease-cession of Pearl Har
bor might, : the bar had been re-,
cipally because he believes the
ihington bill to be ultra vires of our
ititution that he almost anticipates
at for it when presented, probably
the 12th inst. The United States
Ing a lease-cession of Pearl Har
might, if the bar had been re
moved, use that harbor for her ships,
but then she owns no land there. With
an enemy's fleet somewhere around in
our ocean, with an absolutely unpro
tected island territory— for the United.
States steamship Bennington is held
ready to slip her cables at a moment's
notice— and with the inglorious uncer
tainties of war staring him in the face
and with strong • conflicting personal
and political influences confronting
him, President Dole is compelled against
his wishes to drift with "untried cir
cumstance" : and opportunism. . ;> ■;£/
The steamship Doric arrived ;■ last
evening, but she learned news from us
instead of bringing any. She did not
forget, however, to bring us another
horde of Asiatics.
Yesterday afternoon the Cabinet re
ceived a number of the representatives
of the planters in reference to a prop
osition to grant them further time in
which to import their 10 per cent of
American or European in proportion to
Asiatic labor. This they are com
pelled to do under a bond. The matter
was taken under consideration, which
practically means that the Government
will consent to their wishes on the
grounds that, first, such a class of la
bor cannot profitably be obtained; and
second, In view of the possibility of an
nexation the matter should be left in
abeyance until our fate is definitely
known. - '
The Government ; has introduced an
other amendment to the Chinese im
migration laws enabling 5000 to be im
ported, and : providing for residence
bonds for two years' sojourn as well
as the present six months' residence
bonds. It is understood that the in
tention is to withdraw the tabu against
the Chinese and to Import a number of
Manchurians to aid in counter balanc
ing ! the Japanese; laborers. Your cor
respondent is informed that when this
intention becomes officially known it
will meet with another protest from
those interested in Japanese ; immigra
tion. It is said that ; the Japanese Gov
ernment will also : hold ', that ■it will be
In violation of the compact in reference
to this class of immigration. v . ,~:.■■ v
The Government yesterday - .paid
Charles ( Dunwell $3250, the amount of
compensation ■> demanded on his behalf
by the British. Government for his Il
legal imprisonment during the trou
bles of 1895. There are other claims
yet to be. settled. : .
. There was a very "hot time" of. It In
the House ;of Representatives this
morning, and so bellicose became the
members that Speaker Kauloukou ad
journed the i session, t The Income , tax
bill was under discussion and the Min
ister of Finance unintentionally, fanned
the rising fire of discontent by remark
ing that the opponents \of the bill were
those who never paid taxes if they could
possibly avoid them. This • : was re-: 1
ceived with loud ■ applause, but A. ; G.
M. • Robertson, the author of the meas
ure, went the Minister one better, and
plainly intimated that changes In opin
ion had r been purchased jby the wealthy,
: corporations, v Then , ensued - a farcical
hubbub. " The Speaker's authority - was
of no avail. An appeal was carried
against him by 7jto •6, and :he then
closed the session to allow the mem
bers ito '$ digest : their heated , tempers
with their lunch. :f: f Later the bill .was
passed to its third reading.
'Another move was made in the Sen*
ate to-day with the Scrymser cable bill,
which ' the Government ■ desires to delay
until the * action of I Congress \ls • known.
Minister Cooper, lntroduced: an amend
ment f eliminating the ' name ; of i the ; Pa
cific Cable Company from the : measure,
and it r aa again 3 recommitted.
The tolling of church bells on the oc
casion of a burial Is based on the old
pagan custom of banging gongs when
a body was to be Interred In order to
snare away the bad spirits.
GARDEN CITY
IN DARKNESS
No Funds for Payment
of the Electric Light
Company.
An Embarrassment Caused by
the Operation of the New
Charter.
Provision tor Lighting San Jose's
Streets Cannot Be Made Before
July.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 17.— The city was In
total darkness last night, and in all
probability the streets will remain un
lighted until after July 1. This is
due to the refusal of the Electric Im
provement Company to furnish light
for street purposes any longer until
some arrangement is made for paying
the bill. The contract under which the
city is illuminated amounts to $1510 per
month, and a few days ago this fund
became exhaiifited.
Under the new charter the Council is
not allowed to contract bills for work
or supplies for which there is not
money on hand to pay for the same,
and consequently there was no way in
which the street lighting could be paid
for from city funds.
Yesterday the Electric Light Improve
ment Company notified the Council that
they would light the streets no longer
under existing circumstances.
Last night was the first time In many
years the city streets were not lighted.
People who were out late experienced
considerable difficulty in getting home
in the dark, but they will have to be
come used to it. The city was plunged
into this condition of affairs by the ex
travagance of the last City Council.
AMERICANS CAPTURE
THE GUNBOAT CEYTE.
Spanish Craft Falls Prey to Our
Ships While Hiding in
Philippine Waters.
Copyrighted. IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett
MANILA, May 13, via Hongkong,
May 17.— The captain-general and
Archbishop of Manila are making
strenuous efforts to induce the natives
to remain loyal. They have formed a
council of twenty-four Filipinos for
mer separatists, as advisers to the
Government.
The country is quiet around Manila
and other provinces are reported quiet,
except Pangasan and Zambales, where,
it is rumored, there have been risings.
Business has been partially resumed in
Manila. Shops and offices are open.
It is reported that Americans have
captured the gunboat Ceyte off Bul
cacau. She was hiding off the coast.
Granted American Registry.
WASHINGTON, May 17.— The House
to-day passed bills to grant American
registry to the Centennial, now at Se
attle, and the Catania, now at New
York, both proposed Government
transport ships.
HAVE YOU EVER SEEN A
man with his chin bowed on
his chest, with a woebegone
look in his eyes? He seems
to think that all the good things
of this world are lost eternally
for him, and possibly he is not
far short of the mark. In fact, he is alto-
gether right unless he wakes up from
sleep.
UNLESS HE ROUSES himself
and tries to get some help that
man is going to continue to
fade away as he is doing now!
If you will watch him you will
find that he is afraid of his
own shadow almost, and he
has a pair of knees that tremble like
twigs of a tree on a stormy day.
DO YOU KNOW what he needs
in order to make a strong man
out of him? He needs some-
thing that makes manliness-
some creative substance. And
"Hudyan" Is the only thing
yet discovered which does this.
It picks up eld men and makes them
young again, and it does it every time.
YOU NEED HAVE no doubt If
you are a poor, erring mortal.
Others have been as bad and
as foolish as you. Others have
abused opportunities and fooled
with health. And some ten
thousand of them in this coun-
try alone have been most completely |
cured by "Hudyan." Why not be a man?
ARE YOU GOINO to confess |
that you have no desire to be
respected by your fellow men
and by those of the opposite
sex, too? Why will you die a j
living death when you can live?
Ju?t ask for free circulars and
testimonials showing the wonders "Hud- j
yan" has performed; see for yourself.
NOT A CENT do they cost you,
and what is quite as good hear-
ing, you can have free medical
advice if you will but ask for
it. Get rid of your gloom, man.
In a week there will be no more
drains on your system— you will
begin to build up. Accept help when you
can get it bo easily.
No matter what ails you, the doc-
tors will send you straightforward,
honest advice. Liver, kian^y, bowel
and blood diseases are cured as
promptly and as certainly as nervous
debility. Write or call, but as you
value your existence, don't wait till
it is too late.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
San Francisco, Cal.
EpJOLLEIiDIIE
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH -RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral, Tub, Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling, Billiards, Croquet.
Handball, Shuffleboard, Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. JlO to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to |7 i»sr
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County, CaL
Pamphlets mailed free.
SPECIAL NOTICE !
THE TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAG
Will Bo Open for the Reception of Guests
JUNE FIRST.
Owing to the favorable weather conditions In
the Shasta region and at the request of many
patrons The Tavern of Castle Crac will be
opened for the reception of guests Wednesday,
June 1, two weeks earlier than usual.
The resasonablechargres and the superior man-
agement which have characterized this well-
known resort will be continued.
Applicants for accommodations prior to June
I should address Mr. George Schonewald, Man-
ager, room 59. Union Trust building, San Fran-
cisco. Alter above date they should address
him at Castle Crag, Shasta County, Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
L^alce County, Cal,
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and dally mail.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or in San Francisco, 416 Pine street, F.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Paraiso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St.. S. F.. JS; trains leave daily
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Solcdad.
For terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON, Manager.
01/1000 HOT SPKIVGS, Sonoma Co
\lv ulill\ Only 4% nours from s - F - and
UI\nUUU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain Bcenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, dally mail; FIRST-CLAS3
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tlburon
ferry at 7:20 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of the
past three yeara. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place is located in
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. ilO.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING, Manager.
j^3sra--W"i2sr's.
On Ho well Mountain; elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees: climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving; $10 to $12 per week; two trains daily;
four hours from city. Telephone.
E. ANGWIN. Angwtn. Napa County, Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS., Bes-
wick, Siskiyou County. Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious limate; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture In a short time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium. St. Helena, Cal.
HILLSIDE FARM.
Fine spring water, fresh butter, eggs and
milk; magnificent location; grand scenery.
Rates $7 to $9 per wek; children, half price.
Address MRS. B. KUNZEL, Napa, Cal.
AT BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY.
Board for summer months; private family;
croquet grounds; large sunny rooms, billiard
room and salt water swimming baths; con-
venient for business men and families. MRS.
M. HAXSEX.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINCS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of akin
diseases cured In marveloujily short time; kid-
ney, liver, catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
troubles Immediately relieved; rates $10 to $18
per week. Lonp-distance telephone. Address
J. A. HAYS, Proprietor. Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; unequaled soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths: fur-
nished cottages; terms $10 to <12 per Week
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL
Proprietor, Hopland, Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure-
new dining-room. 130 ft. lake frontage; new
stable and livery; boating and bathing Tree-
sB to $14 per week; round trip, $9 50 H WAM-
BOLD. Prop., Bertha P. O , Lake County Cal
DEER PARK INN
(Lake Tahoe), elevation 6507 feeet, opens June
1. Fine accommodations. Cottages with Drl
vate baths and open flres. Table unsurpassed
R. R. rates, $13 50 for ROUND TRIP j 2"
IJBBY. room ]. Flood building. San Franolßco!
El Paso de Rubles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES, CALIFORNIA.
Otto E. Never.. ....................Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
V^; MANAGEMENT. .
ii.^|iM l^-f«" > " '■ „
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEL AND COTTAGES. -J
PAID ORCHESTRA.
For Information call or write W. M. COW-
ARD, 11 Montgomery street, San Francisco. .
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
FREE CAMPING
All along the San Francisco anfl North Pa-
cific Railway, in Marin, Sonoma, Mendocino
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guerneville branches, along Sonoma Creek
and Russian River,. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered daily at camps.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office, Mutual Life building, Sansome
and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General Man-
ager.
■»■« ■ An ideal place . ' for reet,'
/■, ,4-4« #-» recreation • and- health.-
LS^ E ■/¥ '■' ■ Naturally warm mineral
f-% j 1.1 1 ill water in swimming tank
•^ •*^ and tub baths. No stag-
ing — private • rig meets
n • train at St. Helena. Round
%.-C%t*itl trip tickets. $7. Rates, $10,
jDnnitS 112 :- 114 a "!i k
A O W. L. MITCHELL,
Manager, Udell, Napa
S. F. Agent, . County, Cal.
F. V. OWEN. Claus Spreckels Building.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Foats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Tnifkee in the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The ideal spot for families because It is
clean, no poison oak, no pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS. Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming j_.ake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per w»ek: $2 and $2 50 per
day. R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOI IN LAKE OOUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecip.lly in cases of STOMACH. LIVER. KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations; $8 to $10 per we*k;
roads excellent; good trout fishing and deer
huntinc on property. For particulars -/Tito W.
R. McGOVERN. Carlsbad. Lake County.
UUUII LLCr\ ment go hand In
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN,
Lakeport, Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
Eighteen miles fro» Cazadero, on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
mlik; free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand i«dwood scenery. Address J
Lt'TTRINOER, Seavtew, Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St., S. F., for par-
ticulars.
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Teha'ma County. By rail to Red Bluff, 199
miles; fare. $6 45; dally stage to springs 3
miles- fare. $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rpnt: accommodations at hot*l for
100 people: telephone, telegraph and postoffice
in hotel; rates, $10 and up; rend for book of
Information and testimonial*. ED. B WAL-
BRIDGE, Proprietor.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F via Tlb-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled and refur-
nished. -\\ ater gas. electric bells. Rates *10 to
$12 per week. $2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS. A 6 ua Caliente, Sonoma Co ,
HOTEL BEN VENUE,
Lnkeport, Cal. ; > .>'--"
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fine
ii a /f c J?,'? unds L B P eclal facilities . for families
and children; home cooking; boating, bathing.
So a t^o rrajSt j S reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health : and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. , Relief for . asthmatic
Fisfflng, boating, ; hunting -\ and swimming.
Term ?KU to J5lOJ 510 - Send for circular to ;
JOHAKMSBERG RESORT. Napa. Cal.
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot in Lake County; hunt-
ln .X- iishinK, boating, swimming; table sup-
P llc^ with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BLRLINGAME. Proprietors, Soda Bay,
Kelteyvllle. Lake County. CaJ.
SUMMER HOME FMR^t.
Eanta Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
Jprt; cottages, tents, hunting and flshing; ar-
tincial lake for boating and swimming: long
distance telephone; campers' return tickets
$2 50. Send for circular to J. H. HAESTERS.
Glen wood. Cal
CALAVERAS^BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. J. L. SPERRT, Manager.
JAMES M. HUTCHINGS, Agent, 30 Mont-
gomery «treet.
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
>s along SAN FRANCISCO and
of E the NE NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Picturesque Route of California. 1
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautif.i
stream, of which there are over COO. well
stocked with trout.
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life, visit one cf our many
Mineral Spring Resorts.
If you want to enjoy the home life of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will be
glad to have you.
Camping grounds are free.
At the Resorts and the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or
at Genera! Office. Mutual Life building, San-
some and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER, President and General
Manager.
A MAGIC ISLAND!
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a
counterpart in America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing In the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage ride.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music, dancing, pyrotechnics, water
carnival, etc.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always opeli; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July L SPLENDID ARRANGEMENT
for campers.
Full information, rates and illustrated pam-
phlets.
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO..
222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
Los Angeles, Cal.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs in America; all kinds of amuse-
ments; new ewlmming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations; rates
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River.
2 hours from S. F.. 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room in Santa Cruz
Mts. : club, billiard and smoking rooms. New,
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, $3.
Address THOMAS U BELL, Prop.. South Ben
Lomond, or see W. H. MENTON. 613 Market
t=t.. San Francisco.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the heart of ihe redwoods, 4
miles from Glenwood, county of Santa Crue.
Magnificent mountain .-,cenery; r.evatlon 1900
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piano,
etc. Cottages for families. Stage fare, 50c,
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest
scenery is to be seen of this and other counties.
Address L. PERHACS. Glenwood.
HOWARD ?Bt'a NN h G8 p a,
lIV/ TT nuu LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates, $8 $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific office, 61J
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBY.
Yif TOCALOMA. "8?
BERTF*/*IND HOTEL.
Firet - class accommodations; reasonable
rates; fishing: beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or 321 Keamy st.
MONTE VISTA,
Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sixteen rooms added.
Fine table. All kinds of mountain fruit, fresh
vegetables, pure milk and cream. Springs ot
pure, soft spring water. Illustrated circular.
THOMAS K. MORGAN. Monte Vista, Dutch
Flat. Placer County. Cal.
BURLINGAME.
(San Mateo County.)
Redington Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. Q. HOITT.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R- R. Elevation, 6009 feet.
Daily mail Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS. Dormer, Placer Co.. Cal.
ORRS HOT SPRINGS— I 4 mile* from Uklah;
charmingly located; VI mile from the red-
wood«- tine fishing and hunting; fres hot
mineral baths, wnter 106 degrees; sure cur«
for rheumatism and ekln diseases; round trip
J9 50- terms $1 to $1 50 per day; best family
board J. H. ORR. P. 0., Mendoclno Co., Cal.
FDRNISHBD cottages in Ross Valley; 3
rooms. Inquire 924V£ Jackson st.. S. F.
PLEASANT home for boarders near Calistoga;
reasonable. Address P. O. box 132. Calletoga.
WRITE W. H. MILLER. Uklah. for livery ac-
commodations to springs In Lake and Men-
doclno counties to save money.
WRITE SMITH & HILL. Uklah. for livery
accommodations to springs in Lake and Men-
docino counties to save money.
MARKET 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions takon.
»• - * B£s fflTTfc'ii'*'ii irf "'2 ** ' » non-poisonooa
,<»^^^^^^^Bk|2fl remedy for Gonorrhoea,
i«K?rCDKEb^HB Olcet, Spermatorrhoea,
i n ito i.l*TB.^H Whites, unnatural dii-
jHSy On»r»atte<i M charges, or any inflamma-
Ifjf not to stricture. tion. Irritation or ulcera-
|> i^Picvem conugtoq. tion of mucous mem-
IPKltheEvahsChEHlPuCo. bran( ' - Non-astringent.
I«acmCINNAT!.O M Sold b^ O gfi.tM.
■ VH^k n s i "SSSB or sent in plain wrapper,
JSGfißbJ' "• Is&snu by rxpresd, prepaid, for
'/^B^MJTO 4 ! $1.00, or 3 bottles, |2.75.
V M»iSSBt g 'X v " V Circular s^nt on rtxiueat.
' >g^DEWEWTRONG &Co.j»gN.
(1 >PATENTSI J)
>S^33o MARKET ST. Sf .GENERAL OTIS IS IN COMMAND
I^eady to Lead th>e Van
guard of the Manila
Invaders.
Several Regiments Hurrying by
Rail to the Camp at the
Presidio.
General E. S. Otis, U. S. A., arrived
on the overland train from Denver last
night, and he and his aids went im
mediately to the Occidental Hotel,
where the party were accommodated
with rooms. He was accompanied by
Major F. Moore, Captain J. S. Mallory,
Captain John L. Sibon, Adjutant-Gen
eral Fred W. Sloden, and Frederick
Donnelly. Joseph H. Porter, Marshall
W. Cardwell. Peter Gilhooly, W. H.
Doutnal, E. G. Carson and M. H. Han
s, ■n .
•Our trip has been an uneventful
one." said General Otis, "and every
thing has been very pleasant. This is
my first visit to California, although I
have been on the coast before when I
was commander of the Department of
the Columbia in 1895. At the time I re
ceived my orders to proceed to Denver -
1 was engaged on the court-martial of |
Captain Carter in Savannah, Ga., and
fully expected to be there until the end
of May. No sooner had I reached the
Department of the Colorado than I
was directed to come here. I really do
not know what is in store for me. I
have received no additional orders, and
FLY THE STARS AND STRIPES.
Wayor Phelan Asks the Citizens to Make a Liberal
Display of "Old Glory."
To the citizens of San Francisco: During this week more than
000 troops from the Western States will arrive in San Francisco on
neir way to the seat of war. These brave men are offering their ser
ies and perhaps their lives to their country in its hour of need, and It
Tneumbent upon all citizens to manifest their hospitality and patriot
sm in Trder to show their appreciation of the self-sacrifice and loyalty
>f Shelled Cross League has made arrangements to serve the troops
U the ferry landing. Acting with the Manufacturers' and Produc
es Association. I have arranged to have a band of music escort the
rooni IT hey arrive from the ferry out Market. Golden Gate avenue
Z Vanii avenue to Washington street on the way to the Presidio
I now call upon all citizens everywhere, but especially along the
me of march to display the flag and to keep it displayed at least un-
H all our troops depart for the front; and to take such other action
ml v serve to cheer and comfort the men who are responding to
is raaj serve to ne JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor,
[heir country s call.
consequently cannot speak of my
movements for the future with any de
cree of intelligence. Suffice it to sa>
that I will go wherever I am sent and
will endeavor to do my duty.
The general declined to discuss the
report that General Merrltt has refused
to go to Manila unless provided vith
•,000 regulars. He said that he had read
about it in the newspapers but mili
tary courtesy prevented him from
i.a«wine any opinion on the subject
wTenlskeS if in the of General
Merrltfs refusal to go to the Philip
pines he as next in command would
E "!* ? nnvprnor-General of Manila,
General Otis said that was another
matter he did not care to discuss
Lieutenant Bennett, special aid-de
camp of General Merriam. met the
nartv at the ferry with carriages, and
at the hotel they were met by General
Merriam.
The conference at department head
quarters between Merriam and Otis
lasted until midnight. General Merriam
said he could not give out anything for
publication.
It is regarded as almost certain that
nearly all the regular troops stationed
here and the First and Seventh regi
ments of California Volunteers will be
embarked in the firEt division of the
Manila army corps.
General R. H. Merriam. U. S. A., com
manding the I>epartment of California,
decided yesterday that the volunteer
troops from Minnesota, Nebraska, Kan
sas. Wyoming. Utah. Colorado and
South Dakota on their arrival in San
Francisco should go into camp on the
grounds of the Bay District race track.
The space there is ample for the ac
commodation of ten thousand men and
the water supply is abundant. The
land is owned by the Crocker Estate
Company and the negotiations for the
use of the premises were conducted
through Charles Green, secretary of
the Crocker trust. The ground was
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Hundred Beasons
Can be given why Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets are the best and most effectual
cure for every form of Indigestion.
They are In Tablet form which re-
tains their good qualities Indefinitely,
while liquid preparations become stale
and useless with age.
They are convenient, can be carried
in the pocket and taken when needed.
They are pleasant to the taste.
After each meal dissolve one or two
of them in the mouth and .■mingling,
with the food, they . constitute a per-
fect digestive, absolutely safe for the
most sensitive stomach. . _
They digest the food before it has
time to ferment, thus preventing the
formation of gas, and keeping the
blood pure and free from the poisonous
products of fermented, half-digested
food. , ...
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets make the
complexion clear by keeping the blood
pure.
They increase flesh by digesting
flesh-forming foods.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the on-
ly remedy designed especially ■ for the
cure of stomach troubles and nothing
else.
One disease, one remedy, the success-
ful physician of to-day is the special-
ist, the successful medicine is the med-
icine prepared especially for -one dis-
ease.
A whole package taken at one time
would not hurt you, but would simply
be a waste of go4d material. ; ;
Over six thousand men and women
In the State of Michigan alon.e have
been cured of indigestion and dyspep-
sia by the use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets. ;, ,,'..-.. . • . r
-, Sold by all druggists a* 50 oents per
package- • ■, c
inspected yesterday Dy wnwtu m«
riam and First Lieutenant John M.
Neall Fourth United States Cavalry.
Cars of the Geary and McAllister street
lines make the camp accessible. The
Government is permitted to use the
track without charge, the only stipu
lation being that the army authorities
shall leave the premises in as good con
dition as they find them. It is pre
sumed that the incoming regiments
have tentage.
Lieutenant Neall will place straw and
wood on the ground at First avenue
before the regiments arrive. Mr. Rich
ardson, master of transportation of the
Southern Pacific system, has kindly
promised to keep Lieutenant Neall ad
vised as to the movements of trains
carrying troops, hence the volunteers
will be received and directed to their
quarters oh their arrival in San Fran
cisco The camp at the Presidio will
be augmented by two battalions of the
Second Regiment of the Oregon Volun
teers and two companies of the Fourth
United State? Infantry. The regiment
Of Washington volunteers will proba
bly maintain quarters in the Fontana
Barracks.
Yesterday General Merriam issued an
order relating to the performance of
camp duties. Paragraphs of this or
der read:
"To facilitate prompt supply of the
troops in the camp established at the
Presidio of San Francisco and to pro.
vide for the proper policing of that
camp the following assignments ar«
made:
"Captain Charles B. Thompson, as
sistant quartermaster, will supervise all
requisitions and issues of quartermas
ter stores. Regimental and battalion
quartermasters of volunteer troops will
report to him for instruction in their
duties.
"First Lieutenant James E. Nolan,
Fourth United States Cavalry, will su- i
pervise all requisitions and issues of
subsistence stores. Regimental and
battalion commissaries of volunteer j
troops will report to him for instruc- j
tion in their duties.
"First Lieutenant John M. Neall,
Fourth United States Cavalry, will
have charge of location, arrangement
and policing of camps and the preser
vatlon of order therein.
"The commanding officer of the Pre- '.
sidio of San Francisco will give such
Instructions to the officers named as
will insure the subordination of their
post duties to those herein enjoined."
According to telegraphic advices re
ceived at department headquarters in
coming regiments will arrive as fol
°The Thirteenth Minnesota Volunteer |
Infantry, which left St. Paul at 9:30
o'clock on Monday evening last, is due
to arrive in San Francisco Friday ,
evening. May 20.
The First Nebraska Regiment of
Volunteers, that left Lincoln at 4 p. m.
last Monday, is due to reach this city
Thursday. May 19. The schedule
originally placed this regiment to ar
rive next Friday, but a telegram was
received at headquarters yesterday
saying that the command would get
here Thursday.
The Twentieth Regiment of Kansas
Volunteers left Topeka at 2 p. m. last
Monday, via the Union and Central
Pacific railways. The schedule at
headquarters provides that the regi
ment shall arrive in San Francisco |
next Thursday night or Friday morn- j
ing.
The Regiment of Colorado Volun
teers is slated to arrive next Friday.
The duty of receiving the volunteers
and directing them to their quarters
devolves upon Lieutenant Thomas G.
Carson, Fourth United States Cavalry,
post adjutant, Presidio. He received
the Washington Volunteers yesterday
and directed them to their quarters in
the Fontana Barracks. The troops
from points east of the Rocky Moun
tains assigned to quarters at the Bay
District will probably march along
Market street and Golden Gate avenue
to the camp ground on First avenue.
Information is wanted that will lead
to the finding of George Brown of
Texas, a recruit of the Third United
States Artillery, enlisted May 11, 1898.
He left for the Presidio the same day
under a misapprehension and in good
faith, and through no fault of his own.
Unless he-is found, however, a charge
of desertion against him will probably
have to be registered. As the matter
now stands, he is absent without leave.
He may either return to the recruiting
office, Phelan building, or to the head
quarters ; of his regiment at the
Presidio, and he need not, of
course, fear punishment. He is 5
feet 8 inches high, dark brown hair,
ruddy : complexion, light blue eyes,
slender but strong physique and
smooth shaven. It is feared that ■ the
young recruit on his way to the Presi
dio, after having been accepted by the
United States army surgeon, may have
fallen In with some of : the recently,
hatched volunteer surgeons and been
rejected. /■ . .
•' An * important telegram received by
Adjutant-General A. W. Barrett yes
terday indicates that the efforts \ made
by Governor Budd to have the Signal
Corps of ; the California National Guard
enlisted ■ with the volunteers f rom • this
State will be >■ realized, ; and that ; Cali
fornia's quota '; will be | increased 1 ; by the
addition of one of the most Important
branches I of. i the gervicft In the ■ field:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, VEDKESDAY, MAY 18, 1898.
HOW THE TROOPS ARE CAMPED ON THE PRESIDIO PARADE GROUND.
The following is the latest message
received in relation to the matter:
Washington, D. C, May 17.
General A. W. Barrett, San
Francisco, Cal.: When vol
unteer signal corps bill be
comes a law arrangements
will be made for enlisting
small signal corps in San
Francisco, for the Philippine
Islands expedition. Mean
while telegraph me immedi
ately names of two signal
officers suitable for commis
sion. GREELY,
nviio-F RioTinl Officer.
AT FONTANA BARRACKS.
Arrival of the Second Battalion
of Washington Vol
unteers.
Tha early days of '61 are recalled by
the scenes enacted in and about Fontana
barracks, near Fort Mason. Everything
is being done by the officers of the vari
ous commands stationed there to oring
the men tft perfection in drilling, and the
discipline shown by the troops speaks
well for the officers under whom they are
serving. This is particularly true oi • ; -
tain Geary of Battery A of the H<uvy
Artillery, whose lung service in the
regular army and National Guard has
perfected him in the art of intelligently
handling troops. Captains Steere, Hay
and Cooke also deserve great credit for
the advancement made in bringing their
men to so complete an understanding of
their duties.
Major Rice, the commanding officer of the
heavy artillery, says that he is proud of
his command, and when the uniforms
which arrived yesterday are distributed
he will have as tine a body of troops as
any one would care to see. i
Everything In and about the barracks is
kept in perfect order, and cleanliness pre
vails in all of the departments. The men
are well satisfied with the food served
and with the way they are being treated.
They are, however, anxious to be fully |
equipped at the earliest moment possible |
so that they may be ready to take the
lield when the summons for active duty
comes.
The second battalion of Washington
troops arrived on the Umatilla yesterday
morning, and at once proceeded to Fon
tana barracks, where they are quartered |
along with the first battalion from the
bum State. The third battalion will ar- j
rive here from Tacoma on Thursday, and j
will be quartered at the same place. j
They will be under command of Lieuten
ant-Colonel W. J. Fife, and will be ac- '
companied by Colonel John H. Wholley,
the commanding officer of the regiment, j
which is designated as the First IV-gl- i
ment of Washington Volunteers. The :
following are the officers of the two bat
talions now quartered at Fontana bar
racks: First Battalion— Major J. J. Wies- \
enberger, First Lieutenant and Adjutant
M. 11. Gormley, Quartermaster and Sec
ond Lieutenant W. L. Lemon; Company
D— Captain Frank E. Adams. First Lieu
tenant H. L. Eggels, Second Lieutenant
G. Lamping; Company B— Captain G. H.
Fortson, First Lieutenant M. 11. Gormley,
Second Lieutenant 11. J. Moss; Company
A— Captain A. H. Otis, First Lieutenant
E. H. Erwin, Second Lieutenant W. J.
Hlnckley; Company E— Captain M. S.
Scudder, First Lieutenant 1? red S. Briggs,
Second Lieutenant William L. Lemon.
Second Battalion— Major John Carr,
First Lieutenant and Adjutant W. V.
Rinehart, Quartermaster M. C. Gustin;
Company I— Captain W. B. Buffum, First
Lieutenant M. C. Gustin, Second Lieu
tenant T. D. S. Hart; Company F—Cap
tain C. F. Miller, First Lieutenant C. A. '
Booker, Second Lieutenant G. B. Dorr;
Company G— Captain Max Ellrich, First
Lieutenant W. V. Rinehart, Second Lieu
tenant W. E. Weigle; Company L — Cap- |
tain Joseph M. Moore, First Lieutenant
Robert E. Koonz, Second Lieutenant C.
E. Nosier.
Colonel John H. Wholley, the command-
Ing officer of the First Washington Vol- !
unteers, has a briliant record as a sol
dier. He is a graduate of West Point, i
and for a long time was on detached ;
service as instructor at the University of
Washington, his rank being first lieu
tenant in the Twenty-fourth Infantry,
United States army.
PRESIDIO CAMP ROUTINE.
Seventh California Inspected.
More Oregonians Will
Arrive To- Day.
If "marching up a hill and marching
down again" is all that Is necessary. to ;
constitute a soldier, then most of , the I
volunteer troops at the Presidio . have j
nothing- more •to learn. By. the same
token, if ! giving the orders that dispatch
the soldiers aimlessly up and down the
aforesaid elevation, and when that is done j
with, mounting a pedestal for the adora- i
tlon of the throngs of mothers, sisters, j
wives and sweethearts who f daily and
hourly swarm through the camp, is essen
tial to wearing shoulder-straps . success
fully, the* officers can throw away- their
"blue books," secure in the knowledge
that they are letter perfect in the art of
war.
Battalion drill, extended order, and
army formation are the proper, thing out
on the , reservation nowadays; ', but : If one
were to pick an enlisted : man ■ haphazard,
non-commissioned or private, and ask
him , to execute the first ; "setting up" ex
ercise the < chances ; are two to one that
he would look ■: upon , you in \ amazement
and without the faintest idea of what you
meant. r It Is '•■ quite j probable ■-, that many I
of i the staff, vif s not the > lme officers ;. too, i
would have ■ to ; confess their entire ■ ignor- :
ance- of this first lesson in a soldier's :
career. .-;■: v.' ■*■'"'" : ' -"'•■ '■'''■ '.. ■ - '■■',
-,: The truth Is. the officers are putting the j
men through a lot of , hard and, r at. pres
ent, ; unnecegary. work . ju; fird,er that the],
field and line commanders may perfect
themselves in movements they should
have been entirely familiar with before
they were commissioned. As a result,
one may see a battalion — or even a regi
ment — drawn up in line with half the men
standing in anything but a soldierly atti
tude. Toes close together, shoulders
pitched forward or one dropped below the
other, and similar defects are all too
common. The cause is easy to dis
cern. Fully 50 per cent of the volun
teers never had any military training
previous to going into camp, and their
superiors, in.stead of beginning at the
foundation to make soldiers of them, put
muskets in their hands me first thing,
and after giving them an inkling of the
manual of arms and breaking into col
umns of fours and twos, the first day or
two, sent thorn out with their companions
fall-fledged soldiers.
it would be well for the volunteer offi
cers, commissioned and non-commisioned,
to watch the Fourteenth. Many men are
enlisting in that regiment daily, recruits
as raw as any who joined the volunteers,
and the way they are broken into har
nesa is a revelation to the few who wit
ness the proceedings. Those men are
not weighted down with muskets before
they have learned to carry themselves
properly, and in consequence after two
days a recruit In that regiment has a
more soldierly bearing and is better quali
fied to stand the hardships of a campaign
than volunteers who already look upon
themselves as veterans.
Colonel Johnson of the Sixth Is about
the only officer who seems to have
grasped this idea. Not a battalion line
has been formed since his command went
into camp, but the men have had, and
are daily getting, squad and company
drills, with the result that while his are
the poorest equipped— many not even be
ing provided with a forage car) — they are
ti£t*WBgr*rauWßWnWaWBW&& 88~S'8S~S'SriS~Sil8 22 88 Si 88 82 S8 88 28 SSSS S2 S8 22 S2 88 82 88 88 88 88 82 SS 88 SS 52 88 SSSS 22 82 82 82 »i % •• 82 82 82 82 22 82 82 82 22 ?ial
r ''■ ■ '" ' i"' : 1 a
1 Progress is the spirit of the KS> 49BrHmmi^^^^ J i
I age. Victory is to the strong. . -IWJfihi^ §
lltis in business as in men. He J M^^^|^^j|p^p|f^ ] «
« behind will nevergain ' l^^liil^^^ifß^^^ ■> *
I success. The world is full of WKMBfBMJB^^t^ *
I two kinds of people those - V:v^ g . «
§ who allow events to shape IP^^fJM w ■ ' "? : «
• rir :^^aG&^y* : ~~~~ 'CORNER M*RKP ae*»»»KE»«»T J"/ O«
'.; their course and those who 5
» anticipate the event and get 'msM$ l ,; lll ' ."■ ..-.". "^' |
J ahead of it. One always lags; the other always leads and «
S gains fame and happiness. 1
r a
I DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT :
lls a product of modern invention. It enables one to use Electricity at home while the a
Is user sleeps. It cures disease without drugging the stomach. Its sale in ban rancisco a
» and California during the past three years has been enormous, caused by the a
a knowledge that it cures disease without drugs. Its record of 10,000 cures during the a
?* past three years has made its virtues known all over the West. a
I BEAUTIFUL NEW OFFICES. !
1 To accommodate this advancement, Dr. Sanden has taken all of the second floor »
» of the building at the corner of Market and Geary streets, known as No. TO_ Market «
2 street, which he has furnished in the grandest magnificence; in keeping with the a
S progress of his business. There are special reception-rooms for ladies and gentlemen B
* and private consultatipn apartments, offering the strict privacy and elegance ot a s?
a modern physician's offices. v *
I DR. SANDEN WILL BE PLEASED TO SEE YOU. 1
at \. If you are sicl< or failing in strength call and consult him, free of charge. Test »
« If you are sick or failing in strength call and consult him, free of charge. Test a
X the power of his wonderful Belt and have it explained. If you cannot call, send tor a
a book, for either sex, free upon application. Call or address +%
I 9ANDFN FT ECTRIC CO • 702 market street, m N p 00 ° TT T cc t NT I
g OAIiL/Ljl>l JL__V 1 niy V^V/.j Corner Gefry.San Francisco. Dr. Sanden's offices 'S8
«8 .':■■■ i,- Office hours-8 a. m. to 8 p.m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 204%: South: Broadway; Portland, ISfpiS^m^Oearv?^' 5
a : : . Or., 253 Washington st.; ; Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth St.; Dallas, Tex.. 285 Main st. ;. ; ■ ; . street, corner Geary. ,-^g
a well-set-up lot of fellows, and when
! they go on guard duty they know how and
j when to salute or to give the challenge
properly.
There was joy down in the quarters of
: the battalion of the Second Oregon yester
i day. Lieutenant Colonel Yoran received
1 a dispatch from Colonel Summers, dated
: Ashland, Or., stating that he would ar
rive in camp with the other two battalions
lof the regiment this morning. The news
I spread rapidly among the men. and great
was their delight. Accompanying the
i headquarters is the band, which will liven
!up the Oregonians wonderfully. The bat-
I talion now here is fairly well uniformed
I and armed with 'S4 model Springfields. It
I is also well supplied with camp equipage,
! but, like the Californians, the men require
[ shoes and suitable underclothing. Colonel
i Yoran has received no intimation as to
! when the regiment will be moved to Man
i ila, but he thinks it will be a fortnight at
least before it gets away. If an attempt
is made to supply the men with clothing
suitable for the Philippines he is of the
opinion that it will be even longer.
The regulars are doing plenty of hard
work these days, and with the recruits
that are coming in rapidly the officers
find plenty to occupy their time. The
new men are a very intelligent lot. who
are joining the regulars because there Is
j little chance to enter the volunteer ser-
I vice. The four companies of the Four
teenth Infantry now here, and the two
that will arrive from Alaska this week,
will easily be recruited up to the maxi
mum, but it is doubtful whether enough
men will be secured to fill up the two
skeleton companies and the t"wo new com
panies provided for by the reorganiza
tion law recently passed by Congress.
Lieutenant Hunt, the recruiting officer
of the Fourteenth, was busy mustering in
a lot of recruits yesterday, when a griz
zled veteran of the Rebellion entered the
tent and presented a letter from the
President's secretary demanding that he
be sworn In immediately. The applicant
gave his name as R. W. Patton and his
age as 66 years. Ho said he served through
the Rebellion as a scout, and before the
present war was declared he wrote to
President McKinley tendering his ser
vices to his country again. The letter
from Secretary Porter was in reply and
thanking; the old man for his offer. Lieu
tenant Hunt referred the applicant to the
post surgeon, and Patton started for the
barracks after declaring that if the reg
ulars would not accept him the volunteers
would be glad of his services.
Colonel Bern' of the Seventh California
is surprised and highly gratified at the
comparative freedom from sickness of his
men, notwithstanding the radical change
of climate and their poor equipment. Last
Saturday eight men reported at sick call.
Sunday," the day it rained so hard, there
were 27; Monday. IS, and only 5 yesterday,
when the weather had moderated. Most
of these cases were of a trivial nature.
Private Fichloter, Company A, was sent
to the Marine Hospital yesterday, as he
was suffering from pneumonia. The reg
iment was inspected in light marching
order by companies yesterday by Captain
Carrlngton, U. S. A., to verify the muster
rolls. Every man was present. Within
the last day or two the men have been
given more freedom, which is greatly ap
preciated. For a time it was necessary
to hold them close in camp, as they were
liable to be called upon at any time by
the mustering officer.
A number of ladies from Oakland visit
ed the Seventh yesterday and provided all
the men with "comfort bags," which are
greatly appreciated.
Seven men from Riverside and two from
San Diego have been enlisted as bands
men in the Seventh. There are enough
good musicians in the regiment, who will
be detached for band duty to form an
excellent band of twenty-three pieces.
Requisition has been made for instru
ments, and in a few days Colonel Berry
will have his band hard at practice.
The men of the Sixth and Seventh regi
ments are in want of shoes. When this
want is supplied they will be quite com
fortable.
Colonel Smith's regiment was made
happy yesterday by the arrival of a large
quantity of quartermaster's stores, and
the wofk of issuing shoes, underclothing
und mess utensils was be^un at once.
This regiment is being fitted out first, a 9
it is expected that it will be the first of
the volunteers to proceed to Manila. A
large number of spades and kitchen-ware
was also supplied to the regiment. The
spades wil be used for throwing up forti
fications, etc.
During the day the First had a long,
hard drill on the hill south of the camp.
Private W. J. Furey. Company L, First
Infantry, fell while romping in the com
pany street last evening and broke hia
ankle.
Colored Men Organizing.
OAKLAND. May 17.— 1f a second call
comes from President McKinley for more
troops to Invade lands of the Spaniards
he will find 300 colored volunteers In this
city awaiting his summons. A meeting
was held in Bethel Church last evening
for the purpose of organizing colored
troops, and in a very short time the
names of 300 were on the roll. The meet-
Ing was called by Major Peney and Cap
tain Keeling of this city. The church was
crowded to the doors by those eager to
fight for the nation and their friends. Sev
eral speakers addressed the audience and
then the roll was thrown out for signa
tures. But very little time was wasted
by those anxious to go to war, and a
formidable body of men ready for servica
was soon listed. The troops will be drilled
once a week by their commanders, and
by the time a second call comes, if one
does, the colored soldiers of Oakland will
be among the first to offer their services,
whether or not the mission they are want^
ed to perform be one of war or peace.
WAR INCIDENTS.
The stand of colors donated by th*'!
Chamber of Commerce will be presented
to the First California Volunteers at tn«
Presidio on Thursday at 1:30 p. m.
Seven Pines Circle, Ladies of the O. X.
R., will this afternoon at 3 o'clock pre
sent a flag to Company B, First Regi
ment, California United States Volunteex&l
Infantry.
Golden Gate Parlor No. 29, N. S. O. W^
has adopted a resolution remitting fines*
dues and assessments against all mem
bers of the parlor who have enlisted In
the volunteer service of the United State*.
Branches of the Young Men's Christian
Association are being established in near-
ly all the camps of the United States vol
unteers throughout the country- General 1
Miles has given his approval and Indorse
ment. Permission has been granted by
Colonel Morris, commanding the post at
the Presidio, to organize a branch there.,
The local association has secured a tent'
40 by 50 feet, which will be erected be
tween the camps of the First and Sev
enth regiments to-morrow. A completa
branch of the work will be carried for
ward at the camp. Mr. McCoy has re
ceived the names of hundreds of young
men belonging to the association from all
parts of the country who are to be tem
porarily located at San Francisco. Open
ing exercises of the branch are expected
to take place to-morrow evening.
Eighty-two members of Company D, or
the old Third Regiment of the National
Guard of California, met at Saratoga
Hall last evening and volunteered their
services to the country. The company is
composed of young, stalwart men, and la
commanded by Captain William M. Sulli
van, First Lieutenant Irvine Graham ana
Second Lieutenant McConaghy.
Only $1 for the round trip to Santa Rosa.
May 20, for the Rose Carnival, via San
Francisco and North Pacific Railway*
Leave Tiburon ferry at 7:30 and 9 a. m. •
56
WEDNESDAY MAY 18, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELSjPr^pnetor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PIJBLICATION^OFPICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tb's city and surrounding, towns ■
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month* j
65 cents. ______
THE WEEKLY CALL On« Y*or. by mall, $1.50 j
OAKLAND OFFICE _• __. »08 Broadway j
INEW YORK OFFICE Room IBS. World Building j
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri6ft« Hove* j
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Morquette Building j
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS, Advertising. Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street. «c«n until ,
9:30 o'clock.- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- j
1941 Mission street, t»pen until 10 o clock- 2291 Market j
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mlsston street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "ln Old Japan." p^
Baldwin Thoater— Matinee to-morrow afternoon, In aid of
the Masonic Wiciows'-and Orpnans' Home.
Columbia— "The Pace in the Moonlight "
California— "Moths "
Alcazar— -Young- Mrs. Wlnthrop '
Moronco'e— "The Corner Grocery."
Tlvoll— "Ship Ahoy"
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Native Sons' Hall. Mason street— Lecture Thursday night
Sherman, Clay Hall— Paloma Schramm, benefit to the Red
Cross Society, Friday afternoon.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Dog Show,
The Chutes- Zoo, Vaudeville, and "Visions of Art. 1 '
Oiympia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Central Park— Dog and Pony Show.
Sutro Baths— Swimming?,
California Jockey Club, Oakland— Races this day.
El Campo— Music dancing, boating, fishing, every Sunday.
THE LATE JUDGE CAMPBELL.
ABOVE the bier of the late Judge Campbell
tho9e who during his life had occasion to criti
cize him, perhaps with haishness, can pay a
sincere tribute to his worth. A unique figure in the
community, he had become a power; and as this
power extended into the homes of the lowly it was
far more for good than for evil.
Judge Campbell's manner of conducting his court
was so unusual, the relations he bore toward chronic
offenders so without precedent, as to create the hasty
impression that a farce was being enacted. In sober
truth Campbell was a just man as well as humane.
Under the apparent levity there was the working of a
logical mind. With certain forms of crime he had
no patience. The workman, indiscreetly intoxicated,
never found him a terror to face, but was sure of
words of kindly counsel, perhaps a chidiug. It was
thus the Judge won friends and kept them.
In private life Judge Campbell was genial, and the
humblest could address him without fear of rebuff.
The same feeling which on the bench induced him to
adjust family quarrels, to urge a bickering husband
and wife to "kiss and make up," was characteristic of
him always. His heart was easily touched. The poor
never vainly asked him for aid. So the poor regarded
him as their great and good friend, and long will they
remember him.
THE LATE F^AINS.
THE tardy rains coming at an unwonted season
have done considerable damage to the hay and
the cherry crop, but for all that the good re
sulting has far outweighed the evil. All parts of the
State have been badly in need of rains, and so serious
was the damage threatened by the prolonged drought
that every shower is welcomed as a general benefit.
.The effect of the rain has been most notable in the
fruit districts. Orchardists Vho a week ago were
facing the probability that their crops would drop
from the trees from lack of moisture are now san
guine of a fairly good output. The benefit to those
who have planted trees this season, or whose orchards
are but one or two years old, is even greater, for the
drought threatened them with a loss of every newly
planted tree. This danger is now virtually a thing of
the past. The showers have been sufficient in most
localities to give the young plantations a good start,
and if proper care and cultivation be now given they
have a reasonable assurance of outliving the summer
and its inevitable dry season.
Reports from the various fruit counties are to the
effect that the output of fruit for the year will be much
better than at one time was feared. There will not be
enough to overstock the market, but there promises
to be plenty to yield the orchardist a profitable return
for the capital invested in his orchard and the labor
he has put on it. The State will receive a considerable
revenue, and as a consequence all lines of business will
be improved.
Now that one good rain has come at this late sea
son we can with some reason indulge the hope of
more. The prospects are good for further showers
before the prevailing weather conditions change into
those which accompany the settlement into the dry
season. Every one that comes will improve the inter
ests of the State. Every drop that falls will be money
in the pocket of the orchardist, the farmer and the
stockraiser. We may have after all, therefore, a good
season and find our full share of the prosperity which
the outcome of the year promises to the nation at
large.
Society girls are said to be trying to organize a
regiment of dudes to send to the front. Everybody
will wish them success the most complete. Of course
the Spaniard once subdued will be in need of train
ing in the niceties of etiquette. Yet the girls run
some risks. Have they forgotten the Malay beauties
with which the Philippines abound? They think their
beautiful beaux will be back in time for the routs of
next winter, when, in fact, the danger that they may
not wish to come back is little short of appalling.
The establishment of a press censorship would not
be viewed with disfavor. There is not alone dissatis
faction that the plans of the navy are betrayed to
Spain, but the lies told by some of the saffron fellows
have become tiresome.
According to late reports the first boats out of the
St. Michael region will bring $25,000,000. This is
cheering news, but before fully accepting it human in
credulity craves a sight of the gold.
What a dreary stretch of monotony the war in At
lantic waters would be if the dispatch boats of the
yellow faker did not occasionally give the enemy a
scare.
Polo y Bernabe gives every outward indication of
being a spy. It is time for neutral Canada to give him
what is known in this country as the grand bounce.
TAXATION UNDER THE CHARTER.
r\ NSWERING the allegation that the proposed
j\ new charter sets up a limit on taxation under
* * which sufficient money cannot be raised to
conduct the government which it establishes, ami that,
therefore, it will be necessary to apply to the State
Board of Equalization for an increase in the assess
ment after levy, the organ of Mayor Phelan says:
"The financial affairs of the city under the new char
ter will be settled in June— some months before the
State Board of Equalization takes up the San Fran
cisco assessment. The amount of money to be raised
in this city will be limited by the Assessor's figures."
If this were true it would be a complete reply to
the allegation to which the organ refers. But it is
far from the fact, as are most statements put forth in
support of the financial system of the charter. In
deed, it is doubtful whether the method of levying
taxes set up by the instrument is not void for uncer
tainty, or unconstitutional on the ground that it con
templates taxation without a hearing. It is a first
principle that the government cannot take a man's
property by taxation without giving him a chance to
question the justice of the assessment.
Section 2 of chapter 4, article IV, of the charter
enacts that "the Assessor shall assess all taxable prop
erty within the city and county at the time and in the
manner prescribed by the general laws of the State."
The provisions of these general laws may be sum
marized as follows:
1. Between the first Mondays of March and July
the Assessor must make up an assessment roll of all
taxable property. (Section 3628, Political Code.)
2. On or before the first Monday of July in each
year the Assessor must complete the assessment book
and attach his affidavit thereto, delivering it thereafter
to the clerk of the Board of Supervisors. (Sections
3652 and 3654)
3. The Board of Supervisors must meet to equalize
assessments, but it must not continue in session later
than the third Monday in July. (Section 3672.)
4. Upon the completion of equalization the roll
must be turned over to the Auditor, who must add up
the valuations. (Section 3727)
5. Before the second Monday of August the Aud
itor must prepare from the assessment book duplicate
statements. (Section 3728.)
6. The Board of Supervisors must meet on the
third Monday in September and fix the rate of county
taxes, designating the number of cents on each $100
valuation. (Section 37*4-)
These sections form a complete system for levying
county taxes. They are in force in this -city at the
present time. Section n of chapter t, article 111 of
the charter says that "on or before the last Monday
of June in each year the Supervisors shall levy the
amount of taxes for city and county purposes re
quired to be levied upon all property not exempt from
taxation." The general law says that the Assessor
need not turn the assessment books over for equaliza
tion until the first Monday in July, and the Super
visors must equalize until the third Monday in July.
Until equalization is finished the board cannot know
the assessed valuation of real and personal property
in the city. How, then, can it fix the rate of taxation
on or before the last Monday-in- June so as to com
ply with the limit of $1 on each $100 of valuation?
Probably in the event of the adoption of the charter
and the discovery that its taxation system will not
work no permanent damage would be done. As soon
as the Supreme Court disposed of the charter provi
sions the general laws would come to the rescue and
taxation would be resumed. But what would happen
in the meantime? The city would certainly be with
out an income from taxation for one year. A year
at least would be consumed in discovering that a levy
made without equalization is invalid.
These facts make plain other facts disclosed in con
nection with the proposed charter. It is quite evident
that on financial subjects the Freeholders did not
know what they were doing.
SPAIN TO BE BENEFITED.
IT is highly probable that Spain may experience a
needed resurrection as the result of the crushing
defeat she must undergo at our hands.
The renewal of vigor by nations and races is not
impossible and has frequent illustrations in history.
Prussia became the leader of the German states under
Frederick the Great. The German people under his
leadership expanded their power and influence in all
directions, but the effort had an exhausting effect and
a weakening reaction prepared them for the mon
strous humiliations put upon them by Napoleon. He
hacked German geography until it was beyond recog
nition. An observer, immersed in the scene of this
throttling of a race, could see no sign of its regenera
tion. The people seemed spent and finished. The
great Frederick's successor was a weakling. Such
military capacity as remained was utilized by the Cor
sican, and such vigor as survived was converted to
his uses against the prostrate nationality which he
walked upon.
From Germany at the beginning of this century to
the Germany of to-day is a far cry, but the change
that appears might well have occupied two centuries
instead of one. Popular education, the athletic train
ing promoted by Father Jahn and carried by "the
Turners" wherever German immigrants have gone,
have wrought the intellectual and physical regenera
tion of a people. It is probable that without being
embossed with the hard hoof of France and smitten
in the teeth by the fist of her neighbor across the
Rhine, German manhood and patriotism might have
slumbered and national decay have become perma
nent.
Spain has no future in her present paths. They lead
to the grave. She is to lose all her exterior posses
sions, and with them the temptations that have cor
rupted her public men. All of, her illusions are to be
destroyed. She is to be taught that Phillip II and
Charles V are dead, and their works have followed
them. The Cid is no more, and no hand among her
people is strong enough to raise the sword of Mu
darra. She has been following dead leaders for a
hundred years. What she needs now is living leaders
who can go where her people are raging and striking
each other and spending themselves in self-destruction
and make them sit down in the dust and ashes of
humiliation and enter upon self-examination. She
needs leaders who will secularize education, tolerate
religious differences and rebuild a nation upon action
and not upon declamation.
If these results issue out of the war the United
States will have been the agent of the new birth of
Spain by the only means that can be used on a
nation suffering the diseases that afflicted her.
We are not fighting an equal enemy; we are con
ducting art insane nation to the lunatic asylum for
treatment. We don't want especially to hurt her, but
she is beside herself and must not be permitted to hurt
us. If we get her to the asylum without killing her
in self-defense, we pray that she may be cured and
come forth the Spain of Ferdinand and Isabella again,
clothed and in her right mind.
Something serious should happen to the corre
spondent and the journal whose ability and circulation
have been devoted to spreading false information as
to the location of the Spanish fleet. ' In time of war
people have been hanged and papers mobbed for a
less offense.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 18, 1898.
ROOSEVELT'S ROUGH RIDERS.
OF all the troops that have been mustered from
among the American people for this war the
one which holds the most conspicuous place
on the national stage and engages the largest part of
general attention is unquestionably that which is
known as Roosevelt's Rough Riders. It has had fame
thrust upon it before it has struck a blow, and will go
to the field with such a blare of trumpets as that which
on the mimic stage heralds the coming of some royal
dignitary.
This of course is one of the caprices of fame and is
due to time, place and circumstance. Roosevelt is
one of the Americans who knows how to keep the
public interested in himself. When Police Commis
sioner in New York he appeared larger in the public
eye and the press than the Mayor of the city or even
the Governor of the State. As Assistant Secretary of
the Navy he completely overshadowed Secretary
Long, cut as large a figure in the administration as a
Cabinet officer, and, to some people, seemed hardly
less important than the President himself.
Such a man operating in New York, having con
nections with clubs and the high social order of the
Knickerbockers, necessarily confers fame upon any
thing in the way of an organization which he per
sonally conducts. Even a Roosevelt cotillon would
make a nine days' talk. In this case, however, he has
added to the attractiveness of his personal command
by the character of the troop he has formed.
Rough riders we have in plenty. Cowboys and
plainsmen of all kinds are not uncommon in the
West. But rough riders headed by a Fifth avenue
resident and composed largely of dandies from the
clubs, polo players, college athletes and young mil
lionaires who got their millions by inheritance and
not by toil, is a sight sufficiently unusual to be spec
tacular. The combination of the dainty darlings of
Bradley Martin ballrooms with the uncombed terrors
of cattle ranges appeals to the imagination, and the
American heart rises in admiration at the sight.
Nor is the thing itself unworthy of admiration. The
essential equality of manhood in the United States ha 9
an impressive manifestation in this association for
service in war of men from the clubs of the metrop
olis with men from the wilds of the mountains and
plains. It is democratic and American in every re
spect. No other nation could organize such a troop
or harmonize such diverse elements of its people for
the common work of patriotism. This feature of the
troop helps to make it popular and will no doubt help
to make it effective. It represents the whole country
and the most diverse classes of its society, and there
fore stands as a splendid embodiment of th» unity of
our people.
The only danger is that praise in this respect for
the Rough Riders may lead to injustice to other
troops. In every regiment that goes out from Cali
fornia, and probably in all from other States, there
will be the same mingling of the rich with the poor,
the college graduate with the cowboy type. These
will represent America as truly as the New York
combination. Full justice should be done to them,
and all praise and admiration should not be given to
the New Yorkers. Perhaps before the war is over
some of them may be even more distinguished than
the company which just now is the cynosure of East
ern eyes and the admiration of the metropolitan press.
A TEXT FROM ThjE CHARTER
THE particular passage of the proposed charter
to which your attention is invited this morning
is found in section 33, article XVI, under the
general heading "Miscellaneous." It reads as fol
lows and is interestin' readin'.
"No deputy, clerk or othe ■ employe of the city and
:ounty shall be paid for a greater length of time than
:hat covered by his actual service."
This means much. It means that the fireman dis
abled at his post of duty shall suffer the loss of his
pay while his bones mend or his burns heal. If he is
ordered into a place of danger he will go not merely
at the risk of life and limb, but at the risk of having
his income cut off and his family suffer. It does not
strike us that this is the proper inducement to hold
out to the members of the Fire Department. Natur
ally it will check their usefulness by abating their ar
dor. A man might welljiesitate to place himself in
jeopardy when an injury would be not alone to him
self, but to those dependent upon him for bread.
The policeman is in the same boat. The outcome of
such hazards as he assumes must, by the terms of the
charter, be borne by himself alone. Let him receive
a wound from the pistol of a burglar, or a fracture by
an effort to stop a runaway, and this benign charter
says his pay shall stop.
Both firemen and policemen have now the privilege
of a vacation. This is accorded them not as a favor,
but because a faithful servant is entitled to rest; such
a rest is a part of the reward of his toil. Under the
new charter there will be no vacations. The fireman
or policeman who feels the need of a breath of country
air may go and get it at his own expense. The city
cannot, it would appear, afford to pay him.
Perhaps the school teachers will find the text of
interest. They are accustomed to having vacations on
pay. Their salaries go right on during periods in
which the schools are not in session. There is to be
no more of this under the charter framed for the ben
efit of somebody else. The result must be cutting
down of yearly incomes, not under the present ar
rangement princely. Perhaps it was in view of this
circumstance the Freeholders decided that the schools
were costing more than their worth, and proposed to
cut down the fund devoted to the payment of salaries.
When a text is of itself so clear there is no need of
extensive elucidation. The meaning of the one under
consideration is as plain as possible. It cannot be
twisted to mtan something else. It specifically adds
to the burden of all public servants. If any of the
ladies or gentlemen directly concerned are pleased
with it their reasons are certainly unselfish, and they
must regard themselves as at present underworked
and overpaid.
Without official confirmation from Washington no
body will believe that General Merritt refused to go
to the Philippines. The general is an old soldier and
a good one, not apt to be guilty of insubordination.
Probably the correspondent has once more erred— an
operation toward which he seems to have a strong
leaning.
A sensitive Alabaman killed four men because they
had twitted him with cowardice. Possibly this did
not prove anything relative to the main question, but
it demonstrated that the epithet is objectionable, and
to be hurled only with discretion.
It is said that the new Cabinet of Spain will favor a
more active war policy. Perhaps this means that the
system of hiding will give way to a more manly fash
ion of coming out in the open and getting licked.
Alaskans are anxious to fight the Spaniards, but
they would have to be sent to the tropics in cold
storage or they would never stand the trip.
Possibly the rain was sent to keep the Oregon sol
diers from feeling neglected and getting homesick.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
H. D. C. Barnhart of Santa Cruz is at
the Lick.
Sam N. Rucker of San Jose is registered
at the Palace.
John E. Budd of Stockton is a guest
at the California.
Assemblyman A. Anderson of Suisun is
among the arrivals at the Palace.
Judge William J. Leake of Richmond,
Va., is a guest at the Occidental.
Eugene H. Barrow, a wealthy mine
owner of Sonora, is registered at the
Lick.
Joseph D. Blddle, the wealthy wheat
raiser and banker of Hanford, is at the
Grand.
R. S. Satterlee of New York is in this
city on a pleasure trip, and is registered
at the Baldwin.
Mrs. Major McLaughlin and her daugh
ter Agnes have returned from an Eastern
trip, and are at the Palace.
The truth of the
old adage, "One
touch of nature
makes the whole
world kin," was
exemplified in the
corridors of the
Baldwin Hotel on
ONE TOUCH
OF
NATURE.
Sunday afternoon. The gentlemen who
habitually enjoy the luxury of the com
fortable leather-cushioned chairs in that
hostelry were much interested in the
antics of a little lad of 6 years, who was
dressed in the latest and swellest boy
fashion, including the diminutive box coat
which does so much to make youngsters
attractive these clays. He evidently wae
the son of a rich father who lavished
everything on his favorite child.
Presently there appeared on the scene
another lad, of about the same age,
plainly but neatly dressed, and apparently
not so well favored of fortune as the
other. The newcomer had a bundle of
"extras" in his little arms, which he en
deavored to sell by plaintively crying,
"All about the war!" Luck was not with
him. however, and he was about to de
part when he spied the other lad, who had
been intently watching the young mer
chant, who, on his part, now gazed in
open-mouthed admiration at the splendor
of the other's raiment. Then the follow
ing conversation took place: "Do you sell
papers?" The newsvendor replied: "Well,
I try to sell dem, but dese 'geezers' won't
buy any. I started out wid ten, and I
oniy sold two, and it looks as if I was
going to get Btuck on de rest." Then the
first iad, filled with an ambitious desire
to be a merchant like the other, said,
"Let me see if I can sell them," and
with that he took the papers and was
soon importuning the men who had been
watching the little act to invest In his
wares. In five minutes he had sold them
all, and he presented his protege with
$1 40 as the proceeds of the sales, for the
scene had stirred the generous impulses
of the onlookers, who willingly paid more
than the regulation nickel, and the in
creased sum was the result. The little
Samaritan, feeling that he had done a
good deed, tripped gayly upstairs, while
the other, gazing at hia rapidly retreating
figure, said: "Gee! I wish dat fellow
would go in partners wid me. We
would'nt do a t"ing— not a ting!" Grasp
ing the money tightly in his hand, he
said, "I guess I'll call it a day," and van
ished as the other had done.
C. A. Fitzgerald, proprietor of a number
of dividend-paying mines in this State,
is at the Baldwin from Quartz, Tuolumne
County.
Robert Jamieson, proprietor of the Vic
toria Theater and the Vancouver Opera
House, is registered at the Baldwin from
Victoria, B. C.
Ferris Hartman is at the Baldwin with
his manager, George Bowles. They have
been touring the Bouthern part of the
State with "The Purser" Company.
Miss Helen Wilder of Honolulu, who has
been at the Occidental for a week, has
gone to Portland, in company with Miss
Johnson. The ladles will visit friends and
return in ten or twelve days.
At the California are registered Judge
Milton E. Elliott of Astoria, Or.; W. D.
Duke, a cattleman of Navajo Springs,
Ariz.; William Burbank of Los Angeles
and Mason Thomson of New York.
General E. S. Otis, U. S. A-. who has
come here to command the first division
of the Philippine expedition, arrived from
Denver on the overland and immediately
went to the Occidental. With him were
Major F. Moore, Captain J. S. Mallory,
Captain John L. Sibon and Adjutant Gen
eral Fred W. Sloden.
NEVER OR NOW.
Listen, young heroes'. Your country is calling-'.
Time strikes the hour for the brave and the
true! .
Now, while the foremost are fighting and fall-
Fill up' the ranks that have opened for you!
Stay not for questions while freedom stands
■ • gasping! ■ '*
Walt not till Honor lies wrapped in his pall!
Brief the lips' meeting be, swift the hands'
clasping; :
"Off for the wars'." Is enough for them all.
Never or now! cries th« blood of a nation.
Poured on the turf where the red rose should
bloom;
Now is the day and the hour of salvation—
Never or now! peals the trumpet of doom!
—Oliver Wendell Holmes.
THE NEW CHARTER AND THE
CITY HOSPITAL.
No part of city government has been
and still Is more scandalous than the
management of the City and County Hos
pital, and it will be Interesting to ob
serve what methods are proposed in the
new charter to secure a better adminis
tration in the new hospital which is about
to be erected.
Section 3, page 120, decrees that "The
Board of Health shall have management
and control of the city and county hos
pitals, almshouses, ambulance service,
municipal hospitals, receiving hospitals,
etc.," and with the exceptions provided
in article 11. chapter 111, shall have ex
clusive control and disposition of all ex
penditures necessary in the institutions
under itß immediate control."
This exception takes away from the
Board of Health the power to contract
for goods, merchandise, stores, supplies,
as well as for all subsistence, supplies,
drugs and other necessary articles for
hospitals and other public institutions.
And here we may ask what sort of man
agement and control will be left the
Board of Health? They are not permit
ted to buy the bedding or other necessary
supplies; they cannot command the kind
and quality of food; they cannot buy the
drugs they require; they must ask leave
to purchase new instruments, new ap
pliances, and they are made dependent
on the Board of Supervisors even for
bandages and dishcloths. Now this 1b ex
actly the same division of authority
which has given the City and County
Hospital its dreadful reputation. It was
under contracts made by the Supervisors
that the beddinff was foul and insuffi
cient; that the flour was musty and the
oatmeal sour; that the meat was tainted
and uneatable; the beef and mutton wore
charged for when poultry was supplied
which never reached the patients; that
wine, whisky and even jewelry were de
livered in the place of groceries, and
only last year it was reported to the
Grand Jury that common drugs were
charged five times their market value.
For years the hospital has been regarded
by the poor as the home of misery and
death, and scores have left it because
they had not enough to eat. Moreover,
Supervisors are bound to take the lowest
blcf, as if cheapness was of advantage to
the sick.
Gentlemen endowed with immense pat
ronage and discretionary power cannot
be trusted, while Supervisors are given
the power to interfere on the most Impor
tant questions of administration and to
make their own terms with the con
tractors as they do now.
The same scandals will continue to pre
vail, and the poor patients and the tax
payers will be the chief sufferers.
M. STALLARD.
The King or Sweden 1b the tallest Euro
pean monarch.
MR. HUNTINGTON BEFORE THE
RAILROAD COMMISSION.
To the Editor of the San FrancißCO
Call: I spent last week in listening to
the interrogation of Collis P. Hunting
ton by the Railroad Commissioners.
With sly humor the United States Su
preme Court had ordered the commis- j
sion to ascertain, as a preliminary to
fixing rates, what the railroads consti
tuting the Southern Pacific system cost
and what they are worth now; and
though the court might just as well
have required the commission to ascer
tain what it cost to accomplish the in
dependence of the United States, and
what it is worth in dollars and cents
after a century of freedom, still Messrs.
La Rue, Hinton and Clark took the
mandate of the court seriously and
probed Mr. Huntington with questions
which neither he nor any one else could
answer, and it never occurred to their
dull minds that they had been sent on
a fool's errand to demonstrate the ab
surdity of the body to which they be
long. They even indulged in a gallery- j
play of assuming that the witness was
fencing with their questions to conceal
the truth, and jibed at him just as
Cotton Mather jibed at the Salem wit
nesses for refusing to explain their re
lations with the devil.
It is silly investigations of this kind
which make California such a laugh
ing-stock in the East. The story of the
building of the Pacific railroad long
ago ceased ip be a mystery requiring
investigation. Nearly forty years ago
it was necessary for the interest and
safety of California that it should be
connected with the East by rail; but
neither the subsidy voted by Congress
nor the land grant supplied money
enough for the purpose. To construct !
the eastern end of the road, oakes !
Ames and Thomas C. Durant flung ;
themselves into the arms of the Credit |
Mobilier, and became financial wrecks ;
wrapped in a black cloud of obloquy: j
the building of the western end de- I
volved on Collis P. Huntington. He j
put his own money into the enterprise \
and induced his associates to put theirs, j
But their combined resources were only I
a drop in the bucket. He went round |
hat in hand to men of means, begging |
vainly for assistance in the work. Of j
the office of every rich man in Sacra- j
mento, San Francisco, New York and
Boston, the doorstep was worn smooth
by his tireless tread. The patience of
every ear was exhausted by his per-
Bistent appeals. But he could make no
converts; there came a time when he
could get no listeners. Men of means
had one invariable reply, "The risk is
too great and the profit, if any, too re
mote."
Tired, but not discomfited, he realized
that if the work was to be done he must
do it himself. He must lift unaided
the stone which the builders rejected.
People would neither buy the bonds nor
i subscribe to the stock of the Central
j Pacific. An idea broke on him. Per
| haps they would take an interest in a
] construction company. So the Con
i tract and Finance Company arose and
was followed by the Western Develop
ment Company. But capitalists were
! as shy of them as they had been of the
j railroad corporation. The risks were
too great, and the profits too remote.
! Thus, not because Mr. Huntington so
desired, but because he could not help
himself, the members of the building
j corporation and the members of the
I railroad corporation were and remained
the same individuals. They could in
duce no one to share their risks, and
their situation was not improved.
There was one chance left. If bonds
and stock were offered to capitalists in
sufficient amounts and at sufficiently
low prices, money might possibly be
got. It was figured out that offers of
$40,000 a mile in bonds, supplemented
by an equal amount of stock, might
perhaps unloose the purse strings of
i some who were rich and avaricious.
1 And they did. The securities were
1 sold at a large discount. But they were
; sold, sparsely and slowly. The road
j had been running about ten years be
i fore the Contract and Finance Com
j pany paid off the last of the floating
! debt it had incurred to carry them. It
had peddled its bonds and stock in Bos
ton and New York at all manner of
prices, and had borrowed money on
them where it could not sell. It is not
likely that either the Contract and Fi
nance Company, or the parties with
whom it dealt, remembered, twelve
months after their transactions, the ex
act terms of each, but now, thirty years
afterward. Mr. La Rue seriously asks
Mr. Huntington what the bonds real
ized, and Mr. Hinton, with a sad
air and a weary rocking of his head,
whines that the ends of Justice are de
feated because the president of the
Southern Pacific does not state at a
blow, from his own recollections, how
much money the Contract and Finance
Company received for securities which |
took nearly twenty years to market, j
Yet Mr. La Rue bears the reputation of i
being an intelligent citizen, and we j
have Mr. Hinton's own assurance that
he is a man of virtue.
Further designing that the Railroad
Commission shall make itself ridicu
le-us the court required it to ascertain
what the various properties constitut- ;
ing the Southern Pacific are worth
now. The only parallel on record is the j
question of the old schoolmaster who i
insisted that his pupils should state j
the size erf a piece of chalk. Railroad ■
properties fluctuate in value from year j
to year and from month to month, with
the vicissitudes of business and the
prospects of traffic. They are worth
more when crops are good than when
they are lean. Their value is less in
a season of drought than in a season
of copious rainfall; in a year when
trade is dull, than in a year when it is j
brisk; at a period when traffic is divid- j
ed by competition than at a period
when the recoipts are pooled. Yet the
Supreme Court required the Commis
sion to elicit from Mr. Huntington an
arbitrary and definite appraisement of !
the various roads which constitute the
Southern Pacific system, and the Com
missioners affected indignation when
he confessed his inability to do so. The
patience with which the old gentleman
played the part for which he was cast
in this fool play was really admirable.
Some vague conjectures as to values
may be derived from his admissions
that of the $150,000,000 of stock in the
Southern Pacific, $120,000,000 have been i
issued, and that shares are selling for
12 to 13 cents o-n the dollar; also, that
the $50,000,000 capital of the Southern
Pacific Railroad of California is repre- '
sented by shares which are locked up
in a trust, and have no present market
value at all. But how a knowledge of j
these approximations could help the i
commission to raise or lower rates of
freight it would puzzle a conjurer to
determine.
The head and front of Mr. Hunting
ton's offending is that he has made
money, which is gall and wormwood to
the demagogue and the impecunious.
Of course he has made money. Men
like Vanderbilt and Huntington always
make money, whatever enterprises they
undertake. Shrewd, thrifty, far-sight"
cd. Indefatigable, they were certain to
grow rich whether they constructed
railroads, or built stfamers, or dug
canals, or erected rows of hou?^~ or
dealt In real estate or merchandise.
Such men, of course, are rare, very
rare. It is quite possible that, thirty
years ago, no other man but Collis P.
Huntington could have constructed the
Pacific railroad In the face of the
enormous difficulties of the task and
the prodigious obstacles he had to over
come. Dogged resolution and indomit
able perseverance are exceptional. If
Mr. Huntington had not reaped a re
ward for labor pursued for so many
years with such unremitting persist
ence, his case would have been a re
markable exception to the rule of life.
But now, aa in the days of Seneca, it ia
the practice of the multitude to bark
at eminent men, as little dogs bark at
strangers. JOHN BONNER.
0• • •
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
VICE-PRESIDENT— A. O. S., City.
Hannibal Hamlin, Vice-President, took
the oath of office before the oath was ad
ministered to Abraham Lincoln as Presi
dent at Washington March 4, 1861.
TORPEDO DESTROYERS— R. and T.,
City. Torpedo destroyers are swift mov
ing vessels, capable of making from
twenty-five to thirty knots an hour, used
to chase and sink boats that are used for
either planting or sending torpedoes.
PATENTS— J. S. S., City. If you desire
to ascertain if a certain article has been
patented in the United States patent of
fice, you can ascertain that fact by 10. ik
ing o"ver the patent office reports in the
reference room of tne free library of this
city. You can also obtain that informa
tion from any patent-securing attorney.
AT DAWSON ClTY— Fannie, Bloom
field, Cal. The shortest days at Dawson
City are eight hours of daylight. The sun
IB visible for about an hour on those days.
The city is not in total darkness for the
twenty-four hours of the day. At Fort
Yukon, 400 miles further north, the suu
is not visible for several days, still there
is daylight for several hours.
EXPLOSION IN WEST BERKELEY—
J. A. L., City. The powder works near
Highland station. West, Berkeley, oc
curred July 9, 1892. The first shock was
felt at 9:21 a. m., the second at 9:2 ftV 2 . aiicl
the third, which was the heaviest, at 9::U 3 . t .
Five persons were killed. Considerable
glass was shattered in San Francisco,
ten miles distant, by the force of the ex
plosion.
ELECTION BOARD— A Reader. Hay
wards, Cal. There is nothing in the law
that says that a man who has been nomi
nated for a county office shall not serve
as an officer of an election board. The
rule, however, has been that if a candi
date has been chosen to serve on the
board he would send in his declination
of the appointment.
WATER RATES — Enquirer, Colusa.
Cal. The Jaw of this State on the subject
of water rates says that "such rates shall
be fixed at a regular or special session of
the Board of Supervisors or other legis
lative body held during the month of Feb
ruary of each year, and shall take effect
on the first day of July thereafter, and
shall continue in full force and effect for
the term of one year, aafd no longer." It
is held that this means that once tixcl
the rates cannot be changed during the
year thereafter.
LEAVING THE STATE— Subscriber,
City. The law of California says that
"persons belonging to the military forces
while attending to military duty are ex
empt from arrest on civil process." This
is repeated in the section of the Political
Code, under the head of National Guard.
If it had been intended to cover the Na
tional Guard only the section would have
read: "Persons belonging to the Na
tional Guard" Instead of "to the military
forces." It follows from this that as a
debtor who attempts to leave the State
can be arrested only on civil process.
an officer or any one else of the
military forces cannot be arrested. Then,
further. It is doubtful if a court would
issue a warrant for the arrest of an of
ficer leaving the State under orders from
the War Department. The fact that he
was leaving the State under orders to
perform military duty would not be con
strued into an attempt to leave the State
for the purpose of defrauding his cred
itors.
CONTRABANDS OF WAR— A. S..
Cherokee. Cal. It is not a departure from
neutrality to furnish to either of two na
tions at war supplies which do not fall
within the description of contraband of
war— that is, arms and munitions of war,
and things out of which munitions of
war are made. A neutral country may
carry on ordinary trade with either bel
ligerent, except when prevented by block
ade, but ships that carry on trade in the
ordinary line of commerce must not have
on board articles that are contraband of
war, nor must a coterminous land fron
tier be crossed by such commodities By
law and practice of nations, it Is for the
admiralty courts of the capturing power
to decide what is and what is not contra
band of war. At various times discus
sions have arisen whether corn, hay or
coal can ever be included in the list of ar
ticles of contraband of war. They are
obviously articles of peaceful commerce,
but they are also essential to the main
tenance of an army and sometimes a
supply would give one belligerent a great
advantage over the other, especially as to
coal in the present age of war steamers.
The new moldings for picture frames in
the new finishes, Flemish and Old Dutch
with ivory ornaments, Japanese gray,
Persian green and English oaks, seal
browns, bone ebony, natural cherry, ma
hogany and fine mat gilts, are exactly
suited to good taste. We have them ail
at reasonable prices. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Cal. slace fruit 60c per rt> at Townsend'a.^
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1U42. •
An' he jest can't march with that leg of
his,
Kase it's all stove up with the rheumatiz.
An' his place is here, whar the homestead
is.
For to light the fire In the mornin'!
"Mrs. Winslowis Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect Buccess. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowelß and Is the beat remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow'a Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO — Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from th«
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $C 5; longer stay,
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery Ft..
S. F., or A. W. Bailey, mgr. Hotel del Corona
do, late of Htl Colorado, Olenwood Spgs. Colo.
Thobk who are worn out, rheumatic and feeble
should use Parkkh'b Ginokb Toxic.
Parker's Haik Balsam wH save your hatr.
My old man, he can't go to sea;
He ain't no sailor, an' he'll never be;
His place is home with the boys an* me,
For to light the fire In the mornin"!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hair"
an
Hour's
RIDE UPON A .
Chainless Bicycle
Will convince you that it is the
easiest-running, most noiseless
and perfect Bicycle made.
Test it at our expense.
Pope Mfg. Co., Makers
344 Post St., San Francisco.
" 19T0 Page St., Cyclery.
\AIM. CLARK,
102 Telegraph Avc, Oakland.DOCS WILL BE
DANDIES TO-DAY
San Francisco's Bench
Show to Open at the
Pavilion.
Competitors All Sanguine of
Victory at the Hands of
the Judge.
John I— Cunningham's Magnificent
Pair ot Great Danes in
the Entries.
The bench show opens to-day. At
precisely 2 p. m. Judge Bell win step
into the ring, and the aristocratic ca*
nines will be called before him by
breeds and classes. The prizes will be
awarded without fear or favor, and the
first-prize winners in each class of a
breed will meet in the winners' class
to determine which dog can claim the
proud distinction of being the best of
the respective breed.
The ribbons bestowed on competitors
are of different colors, which carry the
following significance:
Rlue denotes first prize in the class.
Rod denotes second prize in the class.
White denotes third prize in the class.
Yellow denotes a special prize.
Red, white and blue betoken the vic
tory in the winners' class. This is the
emblem to gain which is the acme of
the dogtnan's ambition.
So to-day the show opens, and the
city's charities will benefit by the San
Francisco Kennel Club's humane gen
erosity in the exact ratio that the city's
public will patronize the exhibition.
The number of dogs shown this year
has been exceeded but once on this
Coast, and by a few entries only, and
that was on the occasion of last year's
show. <>n the other hand, in quality of
exhibits, this show surpasses all
others.
j. V. Geary, the treasurer of the Pa
cific Mastiff Clttb, requests a correction
of a misstatenient that appeared yes
terday In one of our contemporaries.
a not the owner of the mastiff
bitcn U"s;i Bell, but of Juno, which
captured the prize in the puppy class at
last year's show.
I 't" the Great Danes th* property of
J.ihn L. Cunningham, Ivan, the dog.
has d shown of late. He is in
the challenge class, and until tem
rlly withdrawn from the circuit
met with almost uninterrupted success.
champion Juanita's record of sue
Is absolutely unbroken, and last your in
ird class of Danes she scored the
brilliant triumph of receiving the
for best of the breed at the San
Francisco show.
Mr. Cunningham's dogs will meet
with competition of the keenest this
tor Charles Dresser's <"zar and
Mrs. Roncovieri's Hex R will dispute
the supremacy with them.
Th' 1 Verona kennels, too, may have
a harder tight on their hand? than they ,
anticipate. E. V. Sullivan's setters,
conditioned by that prince of handlers, j
-■• Allender, are in prime fettle, j
and as for collies, the entry list speaks j
for i:
A great amount of interest centers in
the advent of Clinton Worden's deer
hounds. Dr. McNutt, whether winner
ser, win be pleased at the pros- ■
f competition, the lack of which ;
he ha- deplored.
The rivalry of Mrs. Grace and Mr.
Attredge in Yorkshire terriers will be
closely watched. The latter is a new
comer in bench show matters, but his
dot a are good and he has the knowl
f a veteran in regard to grooming
and conditioning.
Mr. Hickman's foxterrier puppy.
Count Othmar. is In the pink of condi
tion, as is also his bitch. Dauntless
White Violet. They will be two good
ones in a remarkably fine class.
rge 8011, the .lud>re. arrived last
night from New York. He soys that the
Mechanics' Pavilion will accommodate
:.. arly f<>ur times as many dogs advan
tageously as Ifadlson Gardens in NVw
York. Mr. Bell Is delighted with the dec
orations and the arrangements made for
canine host and pre-
The prevailing tenor
of the decorations are the Cuban colors
Intertwined with the stars and stripes.
Emmet Sullivan has entered sixteen
of his finest dogs. The management de
sires to state that all dogs entered must
the bench by 12 o'clock to-day, and
not on the 19 th, thuuKh a typographical
error caused the premium list to read
■ ,
Central Republican Club Organized.
The old Central Republican Club met
on Ta< 1 after dosing up its old
■ i to reorganise by elect
tag the following officers: H. D. Mitchell,
I. J. Joyce, vice president;
John Choice, secretary; John Blake,
irer; John Urown. H»-rK(-;int at arms.
A motion to change the name to the
Dewey Republican Club was received and
carried with great enthusiasm.
-J : ADVERTISEMENTS.
MRS. PINKHAM CONQUERS BACKACHE.
Four Women Who Owe Their Present Happiness to Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound.
tDEAR Mrs. Pixkitam: — When I wrote to you last June,
I was not able to do anything. I suffered with back-
ache, headache, bearing-down pains, pains in my lower
limbs, and ached all through my body. Menstruations
were very painful. I was almost a skeleton. I fol-
lowed your advice and now am well and fleshy, and able
td do all my own housework. I took medicine from a
physician for over a year, and it did not do me a particle
of good. I would advise all suffering women to write
to Mrs. Pinkham. She will answer all letters promptly,
and tell them how to cure those aches and pains so com-
mon to women. — Mrs. C. L.Wikn, Marquez, Texas.
I think it is my duty to write and let you know what
your medicine has done for me. For two years I suffered
with female weakness, bearing-down pains, headache,
backache, and too frequent occurrence of the menses.
I was always complaining. My husband urged me to
Qk'J^-rtj^TS^T . try your Vegetable Compound, and I ally did. I have
i-3^ JM Rhi x taken three bottles and it has made me feel like a dif-
* J \ ferent woman. I advise every woman that suffers to
* £fl |& \ I take your medicine and be cured. — Mrs. Gaebett
I |^ jj I Lichty, 612 S. Prince St., Lancaster, Pa.
I ym&?* "3 / I had suffered for over two years with backache,
3^ SJ JBy"^ / headache, dizziness, nervousness, falling and ulceration
ffl^j^^Kv >« of the womb, leucorrhcea, and about every ill a woman
\ |: : mfC£L l^v^ < I^S_ could have. I had tried doctors, but with no success,
: : 1 i^yilyP''' : '-j<S^^^\. and it seemed as though death . was the only relief
/fe&gShk. \ forme. After using five bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Sgjy z^^^^pi \ Vegetable Compound, and four packages of Sanative
Y^ti (id. J£»H I Wash, lam well. Have had no more pain, womb
a *Jk 'W ' I trouble, backache or; headache. — Mrs. Claudia
— Ilk -^ V / / II alpin, Cream Ridge, r N. J. .
\\Wp*~/-0/' — I^^/ Before taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
'' '' >-<jj6. vf^^ Compound I was afflicted .with female complaints
y —m &*^ bo that I could hardly walk. My back ached terri-
bly, in fact, I ached all over. Was not able to. raise myself up some of: the
time. 1 bad no appetite and ; was so nervous that I could hardly sleep. I have
taken but two bottles of your Compound and feel like another person, can now
eat and sleep to perfection, in fact, am perfectly — Mrs. Sub McCullough,
Adlai, W. Va. .
Lydia E. Pinkha m Compound; A Woman's Remedy fox Woman's m*
NEWS FROM AN
OVERDUE SHIP
Ley land Bros. Spoken
When Near the Ha
waiian Islands.
•
So Long Out From Calcutta
That Reinsurance Was
Paid on Her.
* -
The Midas bo Long Overdue That It
Is Believed She Has Foun
dered.
• •■'.""■■. .
Fears for the safety of the British
ship Leyland Bros., from Calcutta for
San Francisco with grain bags and
jute, have been partially allayed. The
vessel is now out 144 days and as much
as 10 per cent reinsurance has been
paid on her. Yesterday the Merchants'
Exchange received a cable from Lon
don, stating that on March SO last, In
latitude 20 north, longitude 145 west, the
Leyland Bros, was spoken in a partly
dismantled condition. She was prob
ably caught in the same storm that al
most wrecked the Willscott and caused
that vessel to put in here in distress.
When spoken the Leyland Bros, was
about 500 miles due east of Hawaii but
as the chances are that she is coming
along: under a jury rig she may not be
expected here for some time.
No word has come from the British
bark Midas, which is supposed to have
been caught in the same storm that dis
abled the Willscott and Leyland Bros.
She is now out ninety-two days from
Nagasaki for Astoria, and 70 per cent re
insurance has been paid on her. It is
feared that she has gone down with all
hands.
The steamer Umatilla arrived from
Puget Sound ports yesterday with an
other contingent of troops from Wash
ington. The boys seem to have been
recruited in a hurry, as gome of them
wore without guns and others
were only half-uniformed, while a few
were in civilian clothes. In a few
days Uncle Sam will have them all
fitted out. and then they will present
a soldier-like appearance. The trip
down the coast was a very rough one
and nearly all the guardsmen suffered
from mal-de-mer.
Owing to delay in the arrival of the
English mail, the steamer Mariposa will
not get away for Australasia before
to-morrow at 2p. m. Owing to the
war scare she will not carry many pas
sengers, but she has a very large cargo,
mostly canned goods, bicycles, plows
and hardware. About fifty passengers
will go away in the cabin, and while
that is considered a small list, it is
large when compared with the four
cabin passengers who sailed from Syd
ney from Victoria, B. C, in the War
rimoo a few days ago.
The old bark Canada, which went
ashore at Skaguay in a gale last win
ter, is to be turned into a barge. The
hull and cargo were sold for $2250 and
her new owners will .salve the cargo
and take the mast out of her, after
whtoh she will be cut down.
The following is an extract from a
letter written in Cardiff, Wales, on
April 29 last, by a British ship captain
who left here a few months ago with a
cargo of wheat for Liverpool: "All th&
people in this country sympathize with
our Yankee cousins, and I wish Amer
ica every success. I was at the thea
ter last night and in the middle of the
j performance the manager came on the
j stage and told the audience that Amer
ica had bombarded Matanzas. There
was a great spectacle after he an
i nounced it. Some person cried out
three cheers for America, and the whole
i audience stood up and cheered and
| waved their hats and sticks. It was a
i grand sight." •
The bark Alden Besse was cleared
for Honolulu yesterday. She was sold
a month ago for the cannery trade and
a deposit was paid to bind the bargain.
As she will not be wanted for the
Alaska business for a few months, she
will make a few more trips to the is»
ands for sugar.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer Bertha arrived from Unalaska
yesterday. She left four days after the
Portland, but brings very little addi
tional news. Work on the river steam
ers was progressing satisfactorily and
the chances are that all of them will
be ready for the opening of the river
next month.
The bark Rufus E. Wood will be th«
next sailing vessel to get away with
gold hunters. She is bound for St.
Michael and will transfer her passen
pvrs and freight to the Alaska-Yukon
i Transportation Company's river steam.
I ers.
Quarantine Officer Rosenau has been
I granted an "indefinite leave of ab
sence" by Uncle Sam.
THE SA^ T FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 18, 1898.
PLOTTED FOR
RAWHIDE COLD
Further Developments in
the Scandal From
Fresno.
The Son of the Millionaire
Tells of Interesting
Conversations.
He Played the Hole of a Detective
and Succeeded to His Own
Satisfaction.
Two witnesses were examined yesterday
afternoon in Judge Joachlmsen's court In
relation to the alleged plot of Myron H.
Azhdaerian, Mrs. Elsie Williams and Mrs.
Grace Loose to obtain a portion of the
gold from the Rawhide mine. One of them
was the son of the complaining witness
and he proved that he is possessed of a
most retentive memory.
At 2 o'clock, when the hearing was to
be resumed, there was a disposition not
to go on, as a mark of respect to the
memory of Judge Campbell, but after a
consultation with the Judge it was de
cided to proceed. District Attorney
Barnes.Assistant District Attorney Dunne
and Prosecuting Attorney Graham rep
resented the prosecution, and Attorney
G. W. Baker, ex-Judge Ferral and Attor
ney Church of Fresno appeared for the
defendants.
Mrs. Williams took shorthand notes of
young Nevills' evidence, and when he
said anything to raise a laugh she and
her sister joined heartily in the hilarity.
David Stetson, a barber in Fresno, was
the first witness. He testified to shaving
Azhdaerian in February last in a house
at 31U South L, street, Fresno. He saw
Elsie Williams and some other Indies
there. Azhdaerian showed him a bank
book and told him that he had that day
made a deposit in the bank of $20W)
W. E. Nevills, son of Captain Isevills,
the complaining witness, was then culled.
He related a number of conversations
with Azhdaerian. and in cross-examina
tion repeated them almost word for word.
He was introduced to Azhdaerian, he
said, in Jamestown in November last,
while drinking in the bar of a hotel, lie
Bftld to Azhdaerian, "You have been bay
ing pretty hard things about my. father.
'i en he told Azhuaerian that he was
Standing behind a s< reeu and overheard
him telling his stepmother that his
father had been Intimate with Elsie Wil
liams fur three years. Azhdaerian at
lirst denied it, but linally confessed, and
■aid that he could prove it. He had a
great many letters from Captain N«vilM
to -Mrs. Williams and he would use them
against him. , .
"I then." said the witness, "asked him
about his case against the San Jose Mer
cury for $50,000 damages, and he said that
it was all right, as he had three witnesses
against one."
Witness said he next saw Azhdaerian
in Fresno in the early part of December,
when they went to a house on South L,
street. Azhdaerian told him that he had
listened t<» a conversation at the house
between Mrs. Williams, Mrs. Loose and
the captuin when they were trying to ad
just matters, but nothing satisfactory re
sulted and the women threatened to
show the captain up. He and Azhdaerian
took a walk and witness made up his
mind to draw him out. Azhdaerian told
him that his father had been saying some
hard things apiinst him. If tney could
tret th« captain to marry Mrs. Williams
they would have him in their hands. In
the latter part of December they were to
get $<M>o out of the captain and would
then commence suit against him and fight
him with his own money. Speaking of the
Shortridge case. Azhdaerian said that if
Dolan had not squealed i..ey would have
got the money.
Witness then spoke of his introduction
to Mrs. Williams and Mrs. Loose. Azh
daerian had paid his fare down to Fresno
from this city and they arrived about 1
o clock in the morning. They went to the
house on South L street, and he was in
troduced to the two women and Attorney
Church, who was there at the time. They
had some liquor, and after Church left
witness gave them to understand that he
hated the very ground the old man walk
ed on. Mrs. Williams spoke of a letter
she had written to Azhdaerian when he
was in Jamestown, in which she men
tioned about commencing suit against the
captain, and she added she would black
mail him out of $25,000. They were going
to push the Shortridge suit, and the wo
men said they could depend upon Myron
to stick to them.
The next conversation wit-iess had with
Azhdaerian was in this city. He told wit
ness that his father was sick and he
should go and see him at the Palace Ho
tel They met a few hours later and Azh
daerian said the old man was better and
was sitting up in bed smoking. Three or
four days later witness called upon his
father and found him a very sick man.
Later in the month he met Azhdaerian,
who told him that they had got some
money out of the old man and his share
was $1000. Three or four weeks ago they
again met. and witness told Azhdaerian
that he had no further use for him
in cross-examination witness cheerfully
admitted that in telling azhdaerian that
he overheard what was said to his step
mother while he was behind a screen he
was a liar. He also admitted that he had
been on very bad terms with his ffither
and had spoken to others besides Azhdue
rian in hard language about the old man.
He drew out Azhdaerian just for his own
benefit, as it might be useful. He admit
ted there was no occasion for it at the.
time He had taken the Koeleycuro since.
He 'then repeated the conversations he
had with Azhdaerian almost word for
W 'iutorney Baker then referred to the
death of Judge Campbell, and after pay-
Ing a hl K h tribute to his memory asked
that the court adjourn out of respect to
the deceased jurist. The other attorneys
concurred, and the court adjourned The
case will be continued Friday afternoon.
Memorial Day Celebration.
The arrangements for the celebration of
Memorial day are almost completed. The
celebration will be very much the same
as in former years. George H. Thomas
Post will go the Presidio, while the
others will visit Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Special services will be held in all the
churcht-s on the Sunday preceding, and
donations of flowers will be received at
B'nal B'rlth Hall.
C. J. Hundley is chairman of the gen
eral committee, J. J.. Lyon secretary and
J. Kurmlnsky treasurer. The full com
mittee is us follows:
Lincoln Post No. 1--O. W. Alberta,
J. W. Banfield, J. C. Bolles, S. W. Car
penter, J. S. French, C. J. Handley, C.
N. Harris, William Hatch, J. C. Innes,
G. T. Johnson, C. Mason Kinne, J. J.
Lyon, P. 11. Mass, L. D. Olin, ~G. H. Rob
inson rind W. H. Wharff. J. A. Garfield
Post No. 34— J. H. Hilton, J. Karmin
sky, R. R. KHgore, T. Elliott Myers, E.
K. Salomon, James Stewart and Jacob
Wollmer. Colonel Cass Post No. 46 —
Harry Brown, James Butler, John Mas
sey and J. H. Rilcy. General G. G.
Meade Post No. 4&— A. E. Leavitt and
Robert Graham.
His Mother Wants Him.
Edward M. Eoyson is a high private In
Company I, First Regiment of California
Volunteers, stationed at the Presidio, and
is but 20 years old. His mother does
not want him to be sent to either Manila
or Cuba to catch the yellow fever or to
have his throat cut by the bloodthirsty
Spaniard, and yesterday she applied to
the United States District Court for a
writ of habeas corpus to have him re
stored to the safer rank of private citi
zenship, and the writ was ordered issued
in accordance with her prayer. The mat
u-r will be heard and determined at 10
o'clock this morning.
Protecting the Sailor.
William P. Hermann pleaded guilty In
United States : District - Judge ; de ; Haven's
court yesterday to a criminal information
charging ; him with demanding • and >■ re
ceiving a fee' for furnishing Ernest * Mer
ritt with employment as a seaman. He
*•<". h£ gen t£nc£dlhJ a morning. ■■
SOLDIERS WILL
BE WELCOMED
They Will Be Met at the
Ferries by the Red
Cross Society.
Coffee and Sandwiches to Be
Given Them Before the
March to Camp.
PJans Being Made to Carry On the
Work of Belief in the
Philippines.
The incoming troops will not be al
lowed to pass the ferry building with
out a welcome to California. Yester
day the officers of the Salvation Army
offered the services of their organiza
tion to the Red Cross Society and they
stated their willingness to take charge
of the work of providing refreshments
for the soldiers as they are landed from
the ferries and escorting them to the
camping ground at the Presidio. When
the companies that recently came from
Portland marched off the boats at the
foot of Market street there was no one
there to meet them and tell tfie strang
ers the way to the camp. The men
were hungry and tired from their long
trip from Oregon, and they were
obliged to tramp all the way to the
Presidio with no one to even offer them
a drink of water. It will now be dif
ferent. Hot coffee generously sup
plied and a good substantial lunch will
be waiting for all the soldiers who are
to arrive when they step from the
boats and some one who knows the way
will pilot them to the camp. The offi
cers of the Salvation Army have had
much experience in giving lunches to
hungry men and the Red Cross Society
could not trust a better organization
to carry on that branch of the work
they have undertaken. It will be a
practical California welcome to the men
and at the same time the troops will
receive an introduction to the Red
Cross Society the moment they reach
the city.
Money is what is now most needed
by the Red Cross Society. It was de
cided yesterday by the organization to
send a representative of the society
with the troops to Manila to superin
tend the work of the Red Cross among
the troops when they reach the field of
their battles, and money will be the
most necessary thing he can have. That
action was decided on after a confer
ence with the medical authorities of the
United States army. The financial
agent of the society who will be sent
to the front will be required' to give a
bond for the faithful performance of
his duties. Funds will be placed at his
disposal on arrival at the Philippines
and he shall from time to time pur
chase such supplies not furnished by
the army medical department as may
be required on the requisition of the
chief medical officer of the troops. The
agent will, in his judgment, extend the
benefaction of the Red Cross to all,
friends or foes, who may be in distress
in accordance with the articles of the
treaty of Geneva.
The fund up to yesterday collected by
the society amounted to close to $14,000.
Among the subscriptions received yes
terday were: Grace Chuch, $191 30;
Sequoia Chapter, Daughters of the
American Revolution, $50; C. B. Wat
son, $25; Mrs. T. W. Parke, $25; Utica
Mining Company, $100; ladies of Hop
land, $39; Pacific Heights School, $15 35,
and Henry T. Peman, $25.
The Needlework Guild of America has
decided to co-operate with the Red
Cross Society, and at a meeting held
at the residence of Mrs. Horace Davis
on Monday it was decided to send a
quantity of underclothing to the
soldiers at once and to follow the dona
tions through the individual effort of
each of the sections of the guild in the
city.
The Lincoln Relief Corps, an auxil
iary to the Grand Army of the Re
public, donated $20 to the fund of the
Red Cross.
The ladies of Visalia have organized
a branch of the Red Cross in that city.
Miss Frances Butz has taken the initia
tive in the organization, and subscrip
tion blanks are now being circulated
there. The Oakland, Alameda, Berke
ley and Vallejo branches are now doing
energetic work, and Los Angeles prom
ises to give much needed support. All
the auxiliary organizations will be
asked to appoint delegates to attend a
general meeting that will soon be called
to more thoroughly organize a State
society.
On Thursday evening the Pac'flc
Coast Woman's Press Association will
give a benefit entertainment at Native
Sons' Hall, and on Friday afternoon
little Paloma Schramm will give a re
cital at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s hall.
Both entertainments will be for the
benefit of the Red Cross.
LIST OF PRIZES.
The Original Little Louisiana Lottery
Company of San Francisco.
Drawing May 14, 1898.
No. 99,488 wins $7500, tjold in San
Francisco, Cal. ■*
No. 70,236 wins $2000, sold in San
Francisco, Cal.
No. 24,490 wins $1000, sold in San
Francisco, Cal.
No. 14,840 wins $500, sold in San Fran
cisco, Cal.
Nor. 30,156 and 50,509 each win $250,
sold in San Francisco, Cal.
Nos. 27,544, 41,132. 68,902, 69,189 and 99,
710 each win 5100, sold In San Francisco
and Oakland, Cal.
Prizes cashed at 35 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, Cal.
For the Ros» Carnival at Santa .Rosa,
May 20, the San Francisco and North
Pacific Railway will make $1 for the round
trip. Leave Tiburon ferry at 7:30 and y
a. m. •
"Lucky" Baldwin Again Sued.
George Goettinger, who holds the as
signed claim of Levi Strauss & Co., com
menced suit yesterday against E. J. Bald
win, to recover $1040 47, claimed to be due
for goods sold and delivered.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
torn
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LiVER COMPLAINTS
. & HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Watera." Lansa.
• "Speedy, sure, gentle." hritUhMedicalJovrnnl
CAUTION: Bee Mat the label bears the Hg na-
ture of the firm. .'
Andreas Saxlehnor.
LIST OF PBIZES. _'*' ■'_■__
OFFICIAL DRAWING
—OF THE— v
HONDURAS
National Lottery Company
LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.
(Patent Applied For.)
Single Number Class "E," Drawn at
Puerto Cortex, Honduras, C. A., on Satur-
day, May 14, 1898. ,■;;
The Honduras National Lottery has no dally
drawing, and is not connected with any dally
drawing. ' .
™"~~ "~ .
No. Prize. |No. Prize. No. Prlz
27 40 168... 18 191........ 80
290........ 40! 367 16 412 .24
561........ 24 567... 24 671........ "24
712........ 18 1044 16 1234 24
1301 16; 1509. ....... 40 1827 . 16
13*6 16 2142 24 2224........ 24
2241 SO 8881 ...... 40 3087 .... 24
3134 81 3239 16 3456 40
5#07 40 3954 40 3975 16
4028 80 1 4013...:.... 16 4085.. 120
4112 24 4279 16 4541 24
4686........ 24 4863........ 24 4909.. 24
5228.'.'.'.'.".'.'.' 16 5248 ...... 24 5344 40
5464.. ...... 24 5409 24 1 5477 ...... 16
5489 40 5608 16 1 6747........ 24
6755 16 SSOB 24 5907 16
D 903.. 40 5973 1« 6158 40
6101 40 6178........ 16 6278........ 80
6415........ 16 6460 16 ! 6162........ 12)
6605.......". 16 6969 16 6986.. M
7034 24 7078 24 70*6 ..; 24
7131 16 7133........ 16 7148 :40
7208 40 7470 120 7493........ 40
7633........ SO 7732.'. 80 77*9 ..;...= 21
MSI 10 8414 :.. 40 Bt3o 24
M 76 24 8525 80 1 8578 80
• &602 40 8685.. 40 5722 IB
8739........ 84 8902... 16 8904... 24
8939........ 16 8954 24 8992... 16
&063 24 9256 24 9262 £0
9392 16 9539........ 16 9566 24
- 6661. ....... 16 9727 80 9559. ;...... 16
MM ....... 40 10321 4010369 24
10525 16 10611 24,10C59 16
10746 24 10764 84110884 16
10932.. 16 11042 40 11091 16
11178.. 11292 40 11301........ 24
11417 24 11507... 16 11627 16
11655 16 11853 16 11943.. 24
11956... 40 12i'ki6 16 12079 24
12109 16 12115 1612367 16
12433 24 12522 16 12528 18
12687 16 12687 16 12712 24
12784 12761 16 12809........ 16
18881 24 12928 16 12959 24
13118 40 13201........ 16 13332 16
18861 1C: 13734 16 13782 , M
13867 ....... SO 14078 16 j 14082......:. 24
14220 401 14332 40 14450 16
14614 16 : 140.74 16 14828 16
14840 800014888 ....... 1615013 16
15084 24 15051 40 15106........ 21
15202 24 15238. 40 15337 24
15477 1C 1.-.-.20 40 15746.....:.. 16
IV. -"i 40 15994 40 16059.. 24
1Q224.V."...;.? 16 16501 18 16548 16
18679 16 16580 24|lfifi66 "~ 16
16748 16 17064 ■ 40 17172 ; 16
17242 16|17431 80 17482 -24
17496 17606 24 17559 24
17726 16 17746 24 17803 . 40
17K16 16 18048... 1418168 40
18200 16 15215 16 18269 SO
18880 84 18868 120-
18488 24 18497 16 18580 40
ISSM 24 18641 80 1 18749 18
18751 24 19078 19133........ 16
1?399 24 19401. 120 19495........ 80
17.-.-. ........ 40 19978 80; 19982 16
2(099 16 20315 16 20321.. 16
20372.. 24 20452 40 20615 18
10683 16 20574 40|20558 16
80688 40 20635 16 20674 24
2(1749 2120757 24 20798. :..... ..; 80
80916 16 209C2.. ...... 40 21056........ 40
21009 • 24 21082 4021202 40
21245 40 21337 24 21342 16
2139* " 16 21454........ 80 21458 ...21
21560 24 2160S • 16 21656.. ;.'.... •• 16
21717 80 21817........ 16 21905 16
22146... 16 22149 16 22248......:. : 16
22364........ 40 22392 16 22573 ..40
82716 2422727 24 22733 16
£2738 24 22750 21:22543 40
22928.......'. 16 23076 24 23117 40
23203........ 24 23216....:...- 16 23256........ 16
23307 16:23630 40 '23660 16
i 23730 16 23772 16.23892 16
I 23936 24 24159 16 24323... 16
: 24332 24402 .... 80 24486 120
! 2144.-. 24 24453 16 2*190.... >... 4000
84818 24676 16:24678 24
I 21748 24 23011 16126000 .V.:..". 40
2.--098 25119.. 24 25187........ 16
25323........ 16 25329 16 25387. 24
25403 40 25500 16183644 16
25625 :... 1625730... 40(25731 „......;. 24
25798 -40 25869......... 16125967........ 16
25984. ....... 16 ! 26004........ 24 26091; 16
86804 ' 24 26392 16 26553 40
86728 8026570... 40 84898 .......' 4O
26896 84 26990 24 27130 16
27151 24 27257 27271 ..16
27415........ 16 27544..: 400 27726 ...'l6
27728.. 16 27735 24 27934 16
2SOS2 48 25083 24 28090....'.... 16
88186 40 28154 40 28267 16
25436;. 16 28460....:... 24i25462 ...... 16
25466 16 28627 16 28661 ...120
BH6BB 16 ! 2><Sfi9 24 29419........ 40
89679 16,29860 24 29564 40
30089 SO 30158 1000 30192 ...SO
SO2S6 24 30320 30377 24
30517........ 40 30703 24 30767.. 24
30773......... 16 30799 24130845... 16
31034 40 31125.. 24:31202 IS
31223 .... 24 31417 2431560 : 16
31606........ 24131614 16 31695 ."16
31753...... '.. 16 31918... 16:31925 ...% .- 16
32144 ;.24|32333 16J32477 16
32528 80i32566. 16132957 40
33017 24J33070..: 16;3331l 16
I 3.-1313 40 33374 40:33393 16
88567 40 133638 16 33704 ..40
33813. 16 34197 4034363 16
34673... 24 34781 24,34817 -40
3.-.013 16 35134 80 35213:....... 40
35449 16I8MS8 ...;... 40 '
33476 18135477 24 35536 24
33580...; 1686689 24 86448 16
35679........ 18 36123 16 36154 24
36184....;... 16 36272........ 40 36250 .;. 16
38423.. .... 16 36164 24 36696... ...7.'- 16
36698.. 16 36699.. 40 36767........ "24
86871 ' 120 37081.... ;... 80 37085. .....v;-.. 16
87179 * 37340.....'... 40 37343 40
37371 16 37496........ 24 37640. 2.
37772...- 40 37913 40 37974.....;.. .40
33000.: '■'■ 16|35142 24 3*186........ ' 16
(5195 ....... B*lBBBBB ...«. 1638301........ 16
35399........ 46488888 lfl 35660. .;:24
33668 84488488 14 88764 ...El6
33764 40i39338 2439344 ....... 16
59606 ....... 2439615........ 14 89663 " 16
39728 ...... 24 39847 16 39563.: 80
i ■■■>■■ ....... 40 40100 16 40194. 40
40213 16 40447 16 40452.. ...... 16
40500......:. 24 40526.. 1640488 .:.... '-,'.16
10741 16 40766 24 40874.. 24
40313 24 40942 24 40992 ;.. ;..-.. £24
41132...:.... 400 41156... 16 41299 .^ 16
41307........ 40 41333 40 41347 40
41368........ 16 41439 40 41553........ 16
(1688 16 41685 16 41717.....;.. 1C
41*01 40 41827 16 41950........ 40
42039 16 42051 24 42171........ *16
42246. 16 42396. 1642446 ....... 21
42478........ 24 42491.. 24 42517 16
42532........ 16 42675........ 16 42713.. ; 16
42874 16 42,056 16 42971 ..16
(3088 80 43099 40;431«3 16
43240 16 )»-.
43267........ 80 43387 16:43401 ...24
43581..;:...-. 43587.. 16143635..'...... - 16
4363S 43672. 24 ; 43734 ...16
4:: "7 40 43916........ Vi, 44246 .80
(4868 24 44397........ 24144610 40
44816.'....;.. 24 44910 16145060 ...... 80
(£062 16 45094 24 45123.~ : . . . . : 16
45211........ SO 43387........ 24145453 ...16
45558.-....V.. 16 45803 ...... .40 46141 16
(6171 -16 46266........ 24 46285. 40
45432.."...... 46522........ 40,46553 -' 80
(6664 ....... 1 6 i 46752 ..' 24147102 ......V 16
47241. ......,~ 24 47246........ 16 47282........ 16
47369........ 16 47372 16 47377. .16
(7889 5.. 24 47433 ...24 47485........ 24
47532........ 40 47549........ 24 47651........ 24
47670........ 16 47844.... 40 47852..;...... 16
45129... 16 48150..-.;.... 16 48185..'....;. 40
(SS3f 40 48279........ 24 48354........ 16
(8867 24 4S3BC. 24 48304......;. 16
45405. ..:.... 16 48464 . 16148484 ...... 16
45769 24 48774........ 16 48884 ........ 16
4.8961....:... (048996 40 ! 49036....... ~.V 40
4',07i ...... 16 49188......... 16 41)232......... 16
4U249.. ...... 16149324 16:43487 24
4tHOO 16 • 49.163 1G 49921.. ;.;. 16
E0293 .... 16 50509.......: 1000 50620........ 120
6iHJ!i3 16150802 .-..:... 24 30555.....;.. •? 24
50897 24 50915........ 40 01028........ .;-24
51057 (061864 .80 51297 ...24
61861 r. 80151405 24151618.......:?; 16
61765........ 80 01791......... 24 61874.......... 16
519J2... ... .80151969 16 52098 16
52104........ 16 62158......:. 40 : 52190.:......' 10
52370........ 24 52409........ 16 32412........' 24
(MM 24 32523.. ...... 40 52580 .... . 120
-;,;•) ........ 16 68693 ....... 24 52517 ...SO
62915....;... 16 53047 8458118 ■40
5,1202.. 24 33313........ 24 53331 ....... 16
53409........ 1663477 24 53486.;....../ SO
63194......... 1463608 2153538..::.... -16
6r.B<> ■■.'- 16C3509. „ 120 53810... 24
63902 ..;.... '40 53905 24 54029.......: 24
6U36.:....:. 24 54195.. '. 16 54212.. ...... 16
54230.... ■::.. 24 i 54268........ 24 64498 ....... 10
5-1519 ::...-.. 16 64595........ 24 54623........ 80
54639........ •40 04797........ (0 64964 :40
61958...:.... -16 64987..;..-... Id 55136........ . 80
5T.201 . ....■ • 16133204........ 16 55274........ ■ 13
5540( "• " .. 24155538... 4<V5."9.'. .;...: 16
65627;."!..'... 40 r.5719........ .16 53796... .21
65858.; ...:.: 8466868 16 66091........ 16
56211 ..... 8454334 ...... 16 56399........ .. 16
r r 47 ' . .... 80 56168........ 40 36172........" 80
M3B3* ' . ) 84*68844 .16 66870...:...V . 80
57032"".... '16 57215......... 40 57223.......^"24
RMS .': ." 16 573C1 -16 b7480.-...-....-.vw
67500 ''. -V : 16 57514.....:.. 16157520 ...16
67524--'' '.. 24 57634........ 1C 57647........ .V 40
E7746-'" .. '-"SO 67783.'...-.... ,80 575C4........ 24
67«16'".... ; 16 58124........ 40 55198.. ......: 120
-■[■- "... 1688606 16 58743........ :-Z4
a'ssiS'"".". 1458847 16 58874........ 24
5*006 '. 80|«8e3a 24 59161.'... .;.. ; 40
-;•,,. i 4i 4 " 24+58406 ;:.... 16,59288 ....... Vl6
534.;" •: : 24*59397. :...... 16 59474......:.: ;40
«j67S ■■"'....' 16 59670......... 24 397i2. ......;: 18
69774 " ... :: 16 59843........ 16 59576.:...../ SO
61073 "" ... :16 60158. 1 . ..'.... 16 60261.T..... ;W 40
60468" 1 .'!.... : 80 60496....:... 16 60508.V:..:..V-'l6
60692! '.'. :! v..'' 60768...;.... 16JG0S68 .'....., ; 16
6W52.T. '.-. . . . ■" 10 61005. 16 61372. . . . .... 16
____LIST OF PRIZES.
No. Prize. INo. ''■ Prize. 'No. Prize.
61453.". . . .... 16161500 . :..... '61546. .V. . ... ' - 40
61973......... 40 62069........ 16 62092 24
62161;....... ,16 62169...;.... 80 62296........ 16
62505........ ;16 62657........ 24 63779........ 24
62527........ 16 63066...:.... 16
63128........ 16163226 40 63261 24
G3265 1663561.. 16 e3627 16
G3059. ....... 1663717 2463791........ 24
63015.. ...... 16:64009 120 64018 16
64081........ . 16 64192........ 16 64401. 40
64475........ 16 64610........ 40 64657 .'..16
64790......... 24 64937 24 65018.. 80
C 5059... 16 65137 24 65164... 16
65175 .1065188 .". 24 65270........ 24
65286 ...... 16 65309.. .' 40 65399........ 40
65346. ....... 16 65354........ 40 65481 16
65537........ 2465574... ' ■ 16!65595........; ; 24
65616 40 65721 -16 65308........ 80
65938......;. 16 65958 ' 16 66243 40
66256........ -1666293 40 66328.. ...... 16
66395... 1866637 24 6C724 ....... 16
66901........ 16 67031 16 67207........ 16
67215.... 24 67355... 24 67447 16
67448.. 16 67546 16.67609 ...... 40
67672 67698 .24 67792 16
68020 24 68067 ". 40 68300... 16
68549........ 40i68603 . 24 68638 24
68874 16 68902 400 68935........ 40
69029........ 69189...;.... 400J692G6.... 16 |
69335 •24 69364.". 16 694U. ....... 40
69496........ 69591........ 16 69597........ 24
69727........ 80169734 80 69760 21
69772 16 69752 40,69893 16
69997 16 70006. SO 70083 24
70087..." 16 i 70178 .16 70226........ 24
70236........ 8000 70333........ 40 70422 16
70423........ -24 70550 16 70583.. 40
70320.. ....... 16 71069 80 71204........' 16
71305 16 71410.. ....... 16 71430. ....... 24
71484 80 71751.. 16 71504.. ...... 16
71819 40 72055 16 72058 49
72236... 24 72288 80172552 16
72586........ 24:72597 24!
72650... 16172663.. 40 72690 24
72737 SOlimS. 72915. 80
7J965 , 16 72977........ 40 1 73019 16
73044 24 73081........ 80 73281 16
73308........ . 84*8446 40 73499........ 16
73512........ 24 78573... 16 73647. 40
73778 40 73997. " 40 74015..... ... 40
74075 74106 40 74262........ 16
74278 40 74337.. 24 1
74408 74491 16 74529. ••;.<«
74543........ :80 I 74553 24 74563........ 16
74686.. 40 74760 24 74763........ 80
74784. SOI 74*00 16 75012 ■ 2}
75026... 120:75137 16,75381 40
75460.. 16 75484........ 40 75524. 40
75539........ 16 75556........ 16 75840 16
75874.. 16 75972 24 760C8 24
76126... 16176662 24 76687 40
76513 24
76868 16*77327 16T7395.; 16
77510. .. .... 77901 SO 77945. 16
78036....;... 40 75042 16 78305 ...80
78379.. 1678135 4017*469 ...... 24
7*."60 8075570 40|78616 16 I
78820 40 78842........ 16178848 80
78924 24 78946........ 16178955 16 |
78905 24 79006 16 79038.. 18
79192.. SO 796"<58 16179911........ 40
79939 8079969... 24180004 16
80028 : . 16 80093 16 80207 120
80350 16 80435........ 40 80444 SO
80500... 16 80655 120 80813 16 I
80842 80 80943 .... 24 51007.. 16!
81115 24 81123 165U81... 16
81319 16 81347........ 16 SI3G3. 24
81378.. „ 16 81527 24 81708 80
81825......... 24 81976........ . 16 82023 18 i
82036 40 82159 16 82176 16 1
82193 "16 82347 40 82860 16
52363 40,82401 24 82462 .16 |
82487 16S24SS 16 82537........ 40 '
82559..; -40 82519 24 ¥2827 24
82884 24i82848 .... 16 82889........ 24
82960 120183036 16 83238 16!
83234... 80 83341........ 40 83628 24 i
84159... 16 84262... 16 84818... 120 1
54523 • 16 84851... ..... 40:85001 16 i
85181... 40 1 85222 40'K5238 80 |
85264 24 S. r <27o 120 85310 16
85486 24 85528. ISO 85700 40
85759 16 86785........" 16 85915 16
86972 16 86232 16 86338 18
86458. 16 86557 16 86688........ 24
S6S2I 2486858 24
86599........ 40186959 80 87248. 40
57352. ...*... 24 87526 24 87545 80
87622 80 87964 80 87981........ 16
88007 16 RBIS2 80:88223 16
88248 1668259 24 8*314........ 24
88691.. ?4 88786........ 24 88938.;...... 24
88987 16189037 40 89059...- 16
89091 16 89107 24 89113........ 16
89139 80,89141 40 89160.. 24
89185........ 24 89189 24188218 40
89498.. 40 89513 80 89651... 16
$9736 24 89817 120 89968.. 40
89975 16 90059 24190119 ..;.... 16
90144 1690206 24 90441 40
90457........ 80 90655.. 16 90662 , 24
90727. 120 90830 40 50953.. ...... 16
91067........ 16 91257 21 91270... 24;
81314 -24 91594.. 40 91672 24 1
91821 80 91564 24 51571.. 24
91891.. 16 92105 16 92211. 40
92265........ I<S 92271 24 92493 .40
92622 24 92691 1692734 16
92771 8092784 92901. ... 16
93008 -16 93012 16 93050........ 24
93112 16193358 80 93772 .... 16
93801. - 24194152 16 94176 40
943C0 16 94460........ 4094488 16
94528 16 1 f4563. ....... 24 94641........ 16
94702. .. ..... 80 94982 ; 16 95083. ;" 40
9.1210... 16185867 249 52*5 16
95300 16 95354 16 95406 120
95505 -24 95620 ;. 16 95706 18
95729 16 '95!' 18 ; 40 96007.". -16 1
96016....°....-' 24196103.. 40 96227.....;..' ' 24
96311........ 80196390.. ...... 80 96830...;....: 16 1
96817 40 97077 16 97260.. 80
97411 40 97634 16 97893........ 24
97941 16:97962 40 97965 ..24
97975 16:98018 80 95034... .....-- 80!
98086 4098208 24 98461... '24
98488 40 95495 16;98497 .. 2»
98538........ 80 98559........ .16 95555 .'.'......" 24
9862S 40195660 16 96 1 20 40
98731 24 95771 24 .98962 16
98964 80 99006 120|99048 16
99198 16 99259........ 24 9943S 80000
99G00 24 99607........ 40199710 400
99784........ 40199845 ....... 16199876......... 16
99889........ 16!99898 40|99927. ....'... 40
Approximation prizes' 100 numbers from 9543S j
to 90538 inclusive, being 50 numbers on each
Bide of the. number drawing the capital prize
of $30,000, $40. One hundred numbers from 70186
to 70286 inclusive, being: 1 60 numbers on each
side of the number drawing the capital prize j
of $8000, $24. One hundred numbers from 24440 j
to 24540 inclusive, being 50 numbers on each side I
of the number drawing the capital prize of j
{4000, $16. Terminal prizes, 999 numbers ending j
with 88, being the two last figures of the num-
ber drawing the capital prize of $30,000, $8; 999
numbers ending ■ with 36, being the two last
figures of the number drawing the second cap-
ital prize of $8000, $8. The subscriber ' having !
supervised, the ; single number . drawing. Class
"E," Honduras National Lottery Company,
hereby, certifies that the above are the num-
bers which were this day drawn ~ from ,100,000
placed in the wheel with the prizes correspond-
ing to them. Witness my hand at Puerto Cor-
tez,' Honduras, C. A., this ' Saturday, May 14,
1898. W. 8. CABELLE, Commissioner.
Frizes cashed at No. 35 New Mont- j
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
000000000000000009
IT-"-'l T -"-' PALACE '»?l
ICRAND » OT s %
ry ; SAN ' FRANCISCO. . q
Cemented by » n v.tpM ;'«ssie»w«».
0 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attaohad. °
0 all Under Oxb Manags**-**. O
9 NOTE THE PRICES: O
i\ European Plan. Sl. OO per day and upward q
•* American Plan. *3. OO per day ami upward *~
5 ' Corre!<t>"nili»nri' Solicited. O j
9 JOHN C. XIRKPATBICK, M»n gar. Q
00 000000 OO 00 0 O
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STiS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. ; KINO, WARD & \
ZO. European ■ plan. Rooms COc to $1 50 day, j
[5 to $8 week, $3 to $30 month. Free baths; hot .
md cold water every room; lire grates in every |
room: elevator runs all night.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA . BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
Btren^th to the sexual organs.
AMUSEMENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB.
SECOND ANNUAL
DOG SHOW!;
BENEFIT CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
MAT 18, 19, 20. 21, 189 S.
£3500 in Trophies, Cash and Cups
OPEN FROM V
. 10 A. M. to 10 P. M. Daily.
BEE MARTIN'S PERFORMING - DOGS. ,
ADMISSION .....................................60c
chi1dren:.:........:........ 23c
HI VMPIA ! Comer, of M»«on *nJ
Soul-Inspiring WAR SCENES. United States ;
Infantry and Artillery, Spanish Navy j and ,
rroops, -United States, 1 Battleships and Torpedo j
3oats, Thrilling Havana Scenes by. THE 810- ;
3RAPH, -j the > Greatest of < Pro jectoscopes, and
in • Olio of Ten Great s Specialty Acts. ; Admis- i
lion Free. Matinee every. Sunday. - ;■ ■ . ; j
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN ; NIGHTS.
.Open Daily from 7a. m.' until 11 p. m. N , .
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 5c
Bathing, with admission, 2oc; children. 20c*
AMUSEMENTS. ,
I . BALDWIN THEATER. 3
LAST 5 " NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Great : French ; Pantomimist,
PILAR MORIN
And her Original Company j Presenting
THE ' A DRESDEN SHEPHERDESS (Comedy)
TRIPLE IN OLD JAPAN (Tragedy)
81LL ... And SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
EXTRA-^
May 24, 25, 27 and Matinee and Night 88,
Seat YSAYE
Violinist, A >/XX X JU
And the noted Belgian cellist, GERAEDY,
Accompanied -■ by the distinguished ' pianist,
.v v. : v LACHAUME.
CCITC will be ready to-morrow (Thursday)
JLAIO morning at 9 o'clock. Prices $2, $1 50,
$1' and 50 cents. '^TKK^ff ■ -
Daily at 3 (except Saturday) the PASSION
PLAY.
Thursday, May 26— MRS. , LEASE, In lecture.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
THIRD AND LAST WEEK. ' '-;
The Eminent Romantic Actor, '
ROBERT B. MANTELL,
Accompanied by a Select Company, Under th«
Direction of M. W. Hanley, Presenting
Charles Osbome's Romantic Drama,
THE FACE IN THE MOONLIGHT.
: Next Week— Theater Closed. •
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY,
Ouida's Romantic -Comedy,
MOTHS.
'a Thoroughly Competent Cast.
Handsome Staging.
Popular Prices 15e. 25c and 60a
Next Monday — Trans-Oceanic Vau-
devilles.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Moroaco ...... Sole Lessee and Manator. .
Last Week of FRANK LINDON, Who Will
Appear as DADDY NOLAN. in Dan
Sully' Famous Laugh-Pro-
. yoking Comedy-Drama,
"THE CORNER GROCERY."
"THE FUNNIEST THING THAT EVER
HAPPENED."
jAn Abundance of Up-to-Date Specialties.
Strong Stock Cast and New Talent Specially
Engaged.
People In I. FRANK LINDON (Star),
the Play W. R. DAILEY (Comedian. New).
Who Will MASTER JACK ROBERTSON
Contribute : • (New),
to the Funny LITTLE ALMA WUTHRICH
Whirlwind i (New),
of Comedy. ] MORTIMER SNOW.
FRED J. BUTLER.
—I MAURICE STEWART.
MAUDE ' QUEEN PURSELL.
EDNA -- JULIA BLANC.
HALL, as Bad Boy Jimmy Nolan.
Evening Price 5........... 10c. 25c. 800
Matinees Saturday, and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager
THIS EVENING.
AGAIN A TRIUMPH!
The Nautical Farcical Comedy Opera, *
SHIP AHOY!
NEW SONGS DANCES MARCHES.
GRAND PATRIOTIC TABLEAUX.
A lot of Novelties this week.
- NEXT FRIDAY, ,
12Sth PERFORMANCE— I2Sth.
SPECIAL FEATURES.
NEXT— "THE POSTER." »■
Popular Prices 25c and sflo
No telephone.
MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY, May 13.
Parquet, any sea{, 25c; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any seat.
A Great Bill of Rare 1 Attractiveness. PIE-
TRO MARINO, Talented Violinist: MANHAT-
TAN COMEDY FOUR, America's Funniest
Singing Comedians; JEROME & BELL, Up-to-
Date Comedy; ISABELLA URQUHART, Sup-
ported by WILMER & VINCENT; GEORGE
H FIELDING, MLLE. BARTHO, BOGART
A 'O'BRIEN, GRUET, BEERS & GRUET and
KERNER'S VISIONS OF ART, New Subjects.
NEXT WEF.K .
THE ONLY EZRA KENDALL.
A T V"T UTAn SEATS BY
ALCAZAR PHONE.
Alwvriz-<rii\. MAIN 254.
THIS MATINEE SATURDAY.
Endorsed by All Newspapers.
YOUNG MRS. WINTHROP.
Prices 15c, 25c, 35c, 800
_
Sale of seats now on for LEWIS MORRISON,
opening Monday night in "YORICKS LOVE.
UNDER THE AUSPICES OF
THE PACIFIC COAST WOMAN'S PRESS ASSOCIATION,
THE ROUND-THE-WORLD TRAVELER.
MISS JESSIE
ACKERMAN,
Will Give Her Famous Lecture on
ICELAND,
ILLUSTRATED BY ONE HUNDRED STER-
EOPTICON VIEWS.
For the Benefit of the
RED GROSS,
NATIVE SONS' HALL,
Mason Street, Between Post and Geary.
THURSDAY, MAY 19. -8 O'CLOCK P. M.
Tickets (admit one), 25c. ■
Music by San Francisco Press Club Quartet.—
R. F TILTON, FRANK COFFIN.
■■■■ DM. WARD, W. G. BATCHELDER,
Tickets for sale at Sherman, .: Clay. & Co.'a
Music Store. : ' "
THE KNEISEL QUARTETTE
RECEIVED WITH AN OVATION!
SECOND CHAMBER CONCERT
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING.
SHERMAN, CLAY HALL,
■ x Last Concert SATURDAY AFTER-
NOON, May 21.
Prices $2 . and $1 50.
Sale of seats at Sherman, Clay & Co. 'a, Sut-
ter and Kearny sts. .
- LAST WEEK OF - -
NORRIS BROS.'
DOG AND PONY SHOW
The Finest Show on Earth for Ladles and
. . Children.
CENTRAL PARK.
Every Afternoon, 2:30; Nights, 8:15.
Prices— Adults, 25c; Children, 15c.
All Children Attending Matinees Are Given
a Pony Ride. '
GREAT PETER, THE SMALL,
The Tiniest Horse on Earth Is In the
. ZOO AT THE CHUTES. .
See the Burial of the "MAINE" SAILORS!
Battleship "IOWA" in Action and New Scenes
. by the Anlmatoscope.
"VISIONS OF ART" AND ATTRACTIONS
. GALORE!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
10c to all. ' Including Zoo, etc. ; ■'. Children. .Be -■
BENEFIT OF RED CROSS SOCIETY.
CONCERT BY
LITTLE PALOMA SCHRAMM,
• - Child Pianiste and Composer. •
FRIDAY AFTERNOON, MAY 20,
THREE O'CLOCK.
Sherman-Clay's Hall, 233 Suttei*
;;■■•'; ADMISSION— FIFTY > CENTS.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
. CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meetln- •" 1597-98. Beginning TUESDAY. .
May 3, to Kay. 2l Inclusive.
OAKLAND : RACE TRACK.
HACINO MONDAY, TUESDAY,; WEDNESDAY,
: • ' THURSDAY, RIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH -DAY.
-RACES START AT 8:15 P..M. SHARP.——.
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
32:30, 1:00, 1:30. 2:00, ; 2:30 and ■ 3 p. : m., connect-
ing : with train 1 stopping at ■■ the ~ entrance .. to ■
track. VJ Buy your : ferry tickets to ' Shell : Mound.
Returning— Trains leave ■ the ; tracK at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m., and Immediately after the last rac*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Pro.
R. By 11LLROY, Secretary. -.. - .
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver firmer.
Wheat freights nominal.
Wheat and Barley weaker.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
New Hay weak; old, firm.
Bran and Middlings lower.
White Beans weaker.
Wool and Hops dull.
No change in Flour.
Potatoes firm. Vegetables scarce.
Butter and Cheese easy.
Eggs firm.
Poultry in good supply.
Cherries and Berries in light receipt.
Oranges and lemons firm.
Currants appeared.
Prunes ann Dried Apples In demand.
Ham, Bacon and Lard very active and firm.
Hides and leather improving.
Beef steady. Hogs and Mutton firm.
Canned Fruits wanted in England.
New York Exchange advanced.
EXPORTS OF BREADSTCFFS.
Exports of Flour from this port thus far
this crop year amount to 7X4,460 barrels,
against 963.450 for the same time last crop
year. Reducing this Flour to a Wheat basis
and adding to it the exported Wheat gives to
ta.i exports of Wheat for the time named of
12.<MS.6iv) ctls, valued at $18,955,000. against
12. 573.000 ctls, at $16,235,000 in 1596-97.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days: those underneath it. If any. the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in inches
and hundredths during the last twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lin^e. equal
temperature. The wont "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the" Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 17, 1898. 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfall . to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past. This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 31.93 49.20
Red Bluff 0.00 13.38 24.17
Sacramento 0.00 10.01 17.56
San Fran.-isc-o 0.00 9.06 23.21
Fresno 0/m 4.73 10. 52
San Luis Obispo 0.00 7.14 1 75
Los Angeles 0.00 6.83 16.86
San Diego 0.02 4.72 11.70
Yuma 0.00 1.66 6.35
Han Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
56: minimum, 50; mean, 53.
WKATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the Pa
cific Coast. A well marked low overlies the
T*7'l'er Missouri Valley and has been accom
panied in it- i^tward by general rain
over the Rocky Mountain region.
The temperature has risen slowly over the
southern half of the Parifl> Slope. It has
fallen over Oregon and Washington.
Rain has fallen over the northern half of the
Pacific Slope and in Nevada and Utah.
A thunder storm is reported at Rosehurg.
A maximum wind velocity of miles per
hour from the west is reported at '""'nnemucca.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 1-, i-
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
Wednesday; with fog on the coast in the
morning; northwesterly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday,
fresh westerly winds.
Nevada—Showers early Wednesday morning
and in extreme northern portion Wednesday.
Utah- Kain Wednesday.
Arizona— Cloudy Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Wednes
day, with tog in the morning; fresh wes'erly
■wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalr>aiß, taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind west 12 miles per hour;
temperature. 51; maximum temperature 68
ALEXANDER Mo.ADIE,
Local Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 17.— To-day's advance In
the price nf stocks was the result of a move
ment of professional operators to renew the
upward course of prices. These operators
argued that the market had undergone a fair
degree of reaction during yesterday and the
lattpr part of last week. The reaction had In
vited a fair short interest and had wiped out
the holders on the long side of speculation.
This represented an improvement in the tech
nical conditions of the market. The day's
trading started off with the advantage o f an
Improvement in London, where prices of Amer
ican securities were advanced a sharp fraction
all around. There was also some buying for
London at the opening here, but London after
ward turned seller when prices had risen.
There are a number of stocks which enjoy the
special support of friends and inside interests
and these imparted firmness by sympathy to
the rest of the market. The combination of
ihepe circumstances made the bulls fefi war
ranted in pushing up the prices of their fa
vorites without waiting for more definite de
velopments of the naval situation In West In
dian waters. There was no evidence of any
large outside Interest and any slackening of
the professional demand precipitated dullness
The absence of outside demand was Indicated
clearly also by the way in which prices tell
away In the realizing movement In the final
hour. The day's extreme advances were cur- j
tailed from % to % by this movement, but net '
advances of between 1 and 2 poir.ts for the
principal stocks still remained. Tobacco led
the list in point of activity. This stock shows
a net gain of 2%.
The rates for time money went lower, to 3
per cent for sixty days, 8% per cent for ninety
days and 4 per cent for four months. The
abundant supply of money in the country and
a prospect of a trade balance for a year in
our favor of over $900,000,000 are taken much
account of by those who study the speculative
outlook. A plethora of money seeking employ
ment and a continued foreign demand for our
products means an era of higher prices and
of- speculative and industrial activity.
Bonds were quiet but higher all around.
Sales 51.6T.0.000. United States new 4a fell %
and- the 5s % In the bid price. There was a
sale of the new 4b (registered) at an advance
•nf 3% over the last sale, which was several
weeks ago.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 438.000
■hares. Including 3500 Atchison common, 14.300
Atchison preferred, 27,50# Hurlingrtnn, 11,800 I
Louisville and Nashville. 11.200 Manhattan.
6500 Missouri Pacific. 7400 Northern Pacific pre- j
ferred, 32.900 R'.ck Island. 8.700 St. Paul, 21.600 j
Union Pacific preferred. 133.500 American To
bacco. 54,000 American Sugar.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12 Do pref. 145
Do pref 30% St P & Ora 76
Baltimore A Ohio 18 Do pref 150
Canada Pacific .. 82% St P M & M 132
Canada Southern. sO',i So Pacific 15
Central Pacific .. 12Vi Do prpf 25%
Ches & Ohio 21' i Texas & Pacific. 10%
Chi & Alton 159 Union Pacific ... 58%
Chi B & Q 100% V P D & G 7%
Chi & E 111 50 Wabash 7
C C C 4 St !>.... 31 Do pref 18%
Do pref 80 R'heel &L E 2%
P*l * Hudson.... 103 I Do pref 11%
Del L & W 150 Express Companies —
Den & R G 11 Adams Ex 100
Do pref 46 American Ex 125
Erie (new) 12% United States .... 40
Do Ist pref 35 Wells Fargo 113
Ft Wayne 16S Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref 159 A Cot Oil 22%
Hocking Valley... 6 Do pref 72%
! Illinois Central .. 103 lAmn Spirits 11%
Lake Erie & W.. 16 | Do pref 28&
Do pref 71% Am Tobacco 110%
Lake Shore 186 Do pref 118
Louis & Xash MH People's Gas 96%
Manhattan L 102\ Cons Gas 190%
Met St Ry ISO Com Cable Co 160
Mich Cent 103% Col F .& Iron -21%
Minn & St L 26 Do pref 90
Do Ist pref 84 Gen Electric 36%
Mo Pacific S3* Illinois Steel 50
Mobile & 0hi0.... 27% Laclede Gas 46
Mo X & T 10% Lead 33%
Do pref Si% Do pref 105%
Chi Ind & L 9 Xat Lin Oil 19V*
Do pref 27 Or Imp Co 28
N J Central 94 Pacific Mail 27%
N V Central .... 114% Pullman Pal ISI
N V Chi <& S L.. 13 Silver Cert 57*4
Do lßt pref .... 6T« Stand R& T 4%
Do .<! j.ref .... 31'- Sugar 136 V*
Nor West 13% Do pref 114
, NTo Amer Co 6% T C & Iron 25%
■ No I'arinc 2. r ,% U S Leather 7
Do pref 84% Do pref 63 7 *
Ontario A W 15 D S Rubber 10%
! Or R & Nay 4S Do pref 74
Or Short Line.... 30 West Union 89%
Pittsburg 16S Chi &N W 124",
■Reading 18% Do pref 168
Do let pref .... 43% St L & SW 4%
! Rock Island 100% Do pref 10%
Bt L & S F 7\»|R G W 22
Do Ist pref 61>4 Do pref 65
Do 2d pref .... 27% Chi O W 14%
St Paul 95%; Haw Com Co 17%
CLOSING BONDS.
D S new 4s reg.. 122 X Carolina 6s — 122
Do coup 122 Do 4s 105
V s 4s 10S>4 No Pac lsts 116
Do coup 109ife Do 3a 60
Do 2ds 85 Do 4a 95%
U S Es reg 110% N V C & S L 4s. 104
Do 6s coup 110% Nor & W 6s 117
District 3.65s 113% Northwstrn cons. 140
Ala class A 108% Do deb 5s 113
Do B 10S% O Nay lsts 115
Do C 90 O Nay 4s 95%
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr.... 123
Atchlson 4s 90 OS Line 6s tr 103
Do adj 4s 63% O Imp lsts tr.... 109
Can So 2ds 107% Do 5s tr 57%
Chi Term 48 84% Pacific 6s of 5)5... 103 '
C & Ohio 5s 112 Reading 4s 83% |
C H & 1> 4%5.... 104% X G W lsts 82%
D & R G lsts.... 105 St L&I M C ss. 93%
D & R G 4s 91% St L & S F G 6s. 118
East Term lsts... 106 St P Con 142
Erie Gen 4s 71% St P C & P lsts... 117
P W & D lsts tr. 71 Do 6s 115
Gen Elec 6s K'3 So Ry 5s 91%
G H & S A 65.... 102% Stand R & T 65.. 63
Do 2ds 10")% Term new set 35.. S6 :
H&T Css 110 T&P L G lsts.. 103^
Do con 6s 104 Do Rg 2ds 33%
lowa C lsts 101% U P D & G lsts.. 57% j
La new cons 45.. 100 Wab Ist 5s 106% j
L & N Uni 45.... SS Do 2ds 81
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 107%
M X & T 2ds 61% Va Centuries ... 68
Do 4s 88% ! Do deferred ... 5
N T Central lsts. 117% U P pref 68U
N J C 5s 112% l Do 4s 92"*
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 Ontario 2 78
Crown Point .... 09 Ophir 35
Con Cal & Va.... 65 Plymouth 10 j
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 100 j
Gould & Curry... 20; Do pref 200
Hale & Norcross. 75 Sierra Nevada ... 55 i
Homestake 40 00 1 Standard 150!
Iron Silver 44 1 Union Con 10 \
Mexican 09 1 Yellow Jacket .... 20 ;
BOSTON.
BOSTON. May 17.— Atchlson, 12%; Ball Tele- j
phone, 260; Burlington, 100%; Mexican Central,
Bad M., lf>4%; B. and" 8., 24%; Par
run, 19.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 17.— Evening Post's
financial cablegram says: The stock markets
here opened a trifle better to-day in the ab- i
- sence of other disquieting speeches and closed
unchanged in all except Americans, where the
pressure to sell has abated and which closed :
good on New York support. The New York
power of absorption excites surprise. It is be
lieved yesterday's sale to brokers there was as
1 much as 40,000 shares.
1 The ease in money is due to release of more
Japanese money and the operation of the Bank
of England's policy in making advances free
'• of interest repayable in gold bullion.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, 84 7,5;7 ,5; Grand Trunk, 8%; bar
silver steady, 26 5-16 d per ounce; money, 2V4©3 ;
per cent.
Spanish 4's closed at 33^, a net advance of %. >
PARIS, May 17.— Spanish 4's closed at 33Vi. a
net decline of 3-16.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May FLOUR— Receipts, 25,- '
700; exports, 23,500. Opened firm, but closed ;
! rather easy with wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts. 365,375 bushels; exports, ■
371,574 bushels. Spot market steady; No. 2 red,
{1 56 1. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options opened
steady and had a good advance on the strength
of cables, fair local and foreign buying of July
and light offerings. They subsequently , turned
weak with corn, however; and under realizing
closed I<§l%c net lower on all months but May,
which resisted selling exports and closed IVijc
net higher. No. 2 red May, $1 66@1 57'fe. closed
*1 57%; July. $1 !SMt@l 18%. closed $1 164.
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice. 1895
crop, '3@4c; 1596 crop, 6<g7c; 1897 crop, 13(ei5c;
Pacific Coast, 1895 crop, 3@4c; 1596 crop, 6@7c;
1897 crop, 13®15c.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
— Options closed quiet, unchanged to
5 points net lower. Rales, 760 bags, including
May, Jo 80. Spot — -Rio, dull; No. 7 in
voice, 6%c; No. 7 jobbing, 6%c; mild, quiet;
Cordova, lby»c .
SUGAR— Raw. strong, tending upward: fair
refining, 3%c; centrifugal. 96 test, 4V«c; refined,
firm.
METALS— The metal market continues gen
erally steady, but very quiet. At the close to
day:
PIGIRON — Warrants were called steady,
with $6 75 bid and $7 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet and unchanged, with
$12 bid and $12 15 asked.
TIN- Quiet; $14 50 bid. $14 60 asked.
SPELTER— Steady; $4 15 bid. $4 25 asked.
LEAI>— Dull and unchanged; $3 62^2 bid,
$3 67M: fisked. The firm fixing the settling price
for miners and smelters continues to quote
lead at $3 50.
BTTER— Receipts, 16,700 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 14igri5Hc; Elgins, 15^c; fac
tory. 12fil4c.
EGGS— Receipts. 1900 packages. Western,
lOVsc; Southern, 9@loc.
DRIED FRUIT. ..
NEW YORK, May 17.— California Dried
Fruits: Apples strong:, others steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 6@B%c;
prime wire tray, 9c; wood-dried, prime, 9@9%c;
choice, 9-fjP'^c: fancy, 9Vi@loc.
PRUNES -*©B%C, .
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 8@10c: Moorpark, 10®12o.
PEACHES— 6SSc; peeled, 12@140.
CHICAGO GRAIN M^.^ET.
CHICAGO, May After a rather wide
fluctuation Wheat closed weak. Peace rumors
had some Influence, but there were apparently
very clear evidences that Letter brokers were
disposed to sell all the July the market would
take. Early Liverpool cables were %i(?3d
higher for July. Heaviness of u-e domestic i
receipts, however, overshadowed in the minds
of traders the Liverpool advance. The weather
map Indicated higher temperature throughout
'. the West. Heavy rains fell In the Northwest,
where most needed. The California crop has
freshened up wonderfully since last Saturday.
Reports from Russia Bay that the state of win
ter Wheat in that country is generally satis
factory, only a few of the central districts
having suffered. July opened unchanged at
$1 09U. ranged from $109 to $1 10, declined to
i $1 07 and rallied to $1 OS bid at the close. Sep
tember opened V«c lower at 91 %c, sold up to
' 92c. reacted to $S%c and closed at 89% c bid.
May closed at $1 49% asked.
| Corn was depressed by more favorable weath
er conditions and poor cash demand. July
closed %c lower. .
Oats trade was Inconsequential. July closed
with a loss of %c.
Provisions made two turns to-day, weak at
the opening, strong later, showing an advance j
of 30c over yesterday's final quotation, caused
! by frond buying, and' closed weak. The close I
! for July Pork was 22% c lower. Lard 17Vic
i lower and Ribs 20c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. - Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May .......145. 150 145 149% I
I July ............'. 110 110 107 108 I
September 91% 62 . 8994 89% |
I December .* 86% 86% 85% 85% j
| Corn No. 2—2 — ■ : .
May 86% 36% 35% 35%
i July 38% 36% 36 26
September 37% 37% 36% .37
I Oats No. 2—
j May 30 30 29% 29%
July 26% 26% 26% 26%
September 24% 24$ 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May .... .... 12 00
July ......12 25 12 70 12 12% 12 17%,
! September 12 37 % 12 60 12 30 12 30
[ Lard, per 100 lbs— '■'■>;
! May .... .... 6 62%
j July 6 67% 685 660 -6 62%
September ..6 80 695 670 670 .
I Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
I May ; c 33
I July ...... 1 45 6 62% 6 32% 635
| September ...6 55 670 * 6 42% 6 42%
Cash quotations • were ; as follows: i-
Flour, demand continuous, rather, slow; No.
2 Spring Wheat. $1 15@1 20; No. 3 Spring
Wheat. $1 10<gl 30; No. 2 Red, $1 47@1 48; No.
8 Corn, 26%5 ! 36%c; No. 2 Oats, 30@30%c;N0. 2
White, 33%(£t33%c; No. 3 White, S2«A@3Sc; No.
2 . Rye, 68Mr68%c; No. 2 Barley, 42@52c: No.
1 Flax Seed. $1 37%@1 38; ;i prime Timothy
Seed. $2 6002 68; Mess Pork, per bbl. $12 00© i
12 10;, Lard, per 100 lbs, {6 62%@6 65; Short i
Ribs Sides (loose). $6 25@6 70;. Dry Salted j
Shoulders (boxed), 8%@6%c; Short Clear Sides
(boxed), 7%@7%e. ■ \ / . ■ -
• Articles— -.. . ;, , -. Receipts, Shipments.
Flour, bbls ;.....,.,;..„.,.,.- 19,000 -, -1M»C(» >
..__ -- - --__:^_ 1 ,,* ;.^ --_->. -— -^^ — _---■■- ■■'■'• -".- 1 ..a.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, MAY 18, 1898.
Wheat, bu. 237,000 440,000
Corn bu 596.000 601.000
Oats, bu 404,000 373,500
Rye, ' bu 9.950 ..
Barley, bu 51.000 85,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; Creamery, 12@14V4c; Dairy.
ll@13c; Cheese, ; fair demand. 9%0; Eggs,
steady, fresh ________
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 118,400 56.980
Duluth ....••••••*••■••■•■•■•••• 321. 236.116
Milwaukee 162,400 71.560
Chicago 272.070 439.418
Toledo ........211,360 119.000
St. Louis 28,000 10.000
Detroit 31,623 2.269
Kansas City 71,000 26,000
Totals 1,215,881 861.343
Tidewater — * »
Boston ater T 64.084" ......
New York 371,574
Philadelphia 5,763 2,341
Baltimore .... 68,501 • 180.662
New Orleans 170,000
Totals • ■ ........
I^,'v V PARIS FUTURES,
—-heat— May. Sept. Dec.
Opening 65 95 55 60
Closing 66 40 65 40
Flour — . .
Opening 30 40 25 25
Closing.. 30 50 25 50
LIVERPOOL. WHEAT FUTURES.
May July. Sept. Dec
Opening * 10 9 81* 7i.
Closing ......113 10 11 82% 7 5
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, May Special c_Me and
telegraphic dispatches to Bradstree— show the
following changes In the available supply last
Saturday:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 1.293,000; afloat, for — d
in Europe, increase, 400,000; world's supply,
net decrease, 893,000 bushels. •.■,;.•
Corn, United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decrease, 2,770.000 bushels. ■■
Oats, United States and Canada, . east of the
Rockies, decrease, 701,000 bushels.
The combined stock of wheat held at Port
land Or., Tacoma and Seattle shows an In
crease of 30.000 bushels for the* week.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. ,
CHICAGO, May 17.— CATTLE— S ar«
falling off as a result of last week's reduc
tion in prices. The export demand continues
fairly large. Yesterday's advance of 10@lfi
cents was maintained . to-day. Common to
choice steers, $4@5 10; Western steers, $4®
$4 75; Texas steers, $4 25@4 60; stackers and
feeders, $3 maintained to-day. . Common to
steers, $4^5 10; Western steers, J4@
Texas steers, $4 25® 4 60; stockers and
HOGS— The demand for hogs was active and
prices were 10@15 cents higher. Prime heavy,
J4 SO; common. $4 f.o<g4 70; pigs, $3 60@4 25;
heavy packers, $4 30@4 52%.
SHEEP— was a brisk general .demand
for sheep to-day, and prices were about 10
cents higher. Common to prime native sheep,
$3 5005 40; export sheep, $4 25; lambs. $5 150
Receipts— Cattle, 3000; hogs, 32.000; sheep, 11,-
000. .
OMAHA.
OMAHA. May 17.— CATTLE— Receipts. I*oo.
Market active, stronger. Native beef steers,
$4<?i-4 86; Western steers. $3 90®4 50; Texas
steers, $3 25<j}4 25; cows and heifers, $3 25®* 30;
stoekers and feeders, $3 90<@5; bulls and stags,
J° 7008 80.
HOGS— Receipts, 9100. Market 20<525 cents
higher. Heavy. $4 45<Ji4 60; mixed, $4 25@4 60;
light, $4 40® 4 45; bulk of sales, $4 45-g4 50.
SHEKP— Receipts, 900. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives. $3 7504 25; do Westerns. $3 60
@4 20; lambs, $4 2n@s 20.
KANSAS CTTY.
KANSAS CITY. May 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
4600. Market strong to 10 cents higher. Native
steers $3 7606; native cows and heifers, $2 90®
*4 50; stockers and feeders, t* 15@5 20; bulls,
$3 2. r ><B4 60.
!!■ iris— Receipts, 22,000. Market opened up
Viig^n cents higher, closing slow. Bulk of sales,
$4 10^4 55; heavies, $4 30ig4 65; packers, $4 06@
{4 55; mixed. $4 iniff4 60: lights. $3 90^3 95.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Market firm. Lambs,
$4@5 50; muttons, $3 2n@4 50.
DENVER.
DENVER. May 17.— CATTLE— Receipts. 500.
Market firm; 10c higher. Beef steers, $3 80®
♦4 (5; cows, J3@3 90; feeders, freight aid to
river, $4#4 40; stockers, do, $4<§4 70; bulls and
stags. $2 20*13. ...  . . ■-- ■„.
HOGS— Receipts, 400. Market strong; 20
cents higher. Light packers, $4 45@4 50; mixed,
$4 40<S4 45; heavy. $4 25@4 45. ...
SHEEP— Receipts. 200. Market firm. Good
fat muttons. $3 10@4 20; lambs. $4 So@s 20.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, May 17.— The attendance at the
Wool auction sales to-day was good. The bid
ding was active and showed an Improvement
all around. Sales In' detail: ;■ •■■--'
New South Wales, 1300 bales; scoured, Is
%d®ls 2^d; greasy, 6V4d<@lo%d. ' ; ■
Queensland, 1700 bales; scoured, Is %d@ls
2%d: greasy, 7 1 »id'5HM. .*,,„— ~
Victoria. 2700 bales, scoured. 6\d@ls Bd;
greasy. 4»4d@llHd. j T> £•
South Australia, 1100 bales; scoured. Is lV4d
Sis 2d; greasy, 6Hd®9V4<i. tl _:'r:
West Australia, 900 bales; greasy, Bd@9d.
New Zealand. 4700 bales; scoured, 7d@ls 2d;
greasy, 6%d@lod. • ■ ■ •
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 1600 bales;
scoured, Bd<@ls 6d; greasy, sHd@7?4d.
Punta Arenas, 100 bales: greasy, 6d@6%d.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May 17.— Consols, 110%; silver,
26 5-16; French rentes, 102f 35c.
LIVERPOOL, May 17.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 standard California Wheat, 53; cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, nominal, unchanged; English country
. markets, quiet; French country markets,
firmer; Wheat in Paris, firm; Flour in Paris,
firm.
COTTON— Uplands. S 17-32.
CLOSE.
Wheat— Futures closed steady: May 11b 3d:
' July 10s lid; September, 8s 2%d; December,
7s sd.
CORN— May steady, 8s lOd; July steady, 3s
?%d: September steady, 3s 10% d.
FLOUR — St. Louis fancy winter steady,
: 14s 3d.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Mass., May 17.— The tone of the
wool market here this week is better, but as
yet there is llttlo business doing, although a
hopeful feeling prevails. Quotations:
Territory wools— Montana, fine medium and
fine, li>3lßc; scoured, 45c; staple, 48n.
Utah Wyoming, etc., fine medium and fine,
14@16c; scoured, 43<g-45c; staple. 48c.
Australian scoured, basis combing, superfine,
! 70@72c; good, 65@680; average, 62<f66c
SALES OF CALIFORNIA FRUIT.
CHICAGO, May 17.— The Earl Fruit Company
I sold California Cherries at open auction to-day
: realizing the following prices: Black Tartar
ian, KcvH 20; Royal Anne, $l@l 35; Chapman,
! 80c; Governor Wood, 500.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, May 17.— COTTON— Quiet;
j middling, t>%c.
NEW YORK, May 17.— COTTON— Quiet; mid
j dllng, 6%c.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, May 17.— T0-day"s statement
' of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
! able cash balance, $207,083,092; gold reserve,
i $176,443,905.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Stirling Exchange, sight — $4 84
I Stirling Exchange. 60 days — 4 87
: Sterling Cables — 4 87H
I New York Exchange, eight — 12"i4
; New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — S" l^
Mexican Dollars — 46^4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are still nominal In
the absence of any spot business, at 27s 6d,
usual options. The chartered wheat fleet in
port has a registered tonnage of 3442. against
6137 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 7618 tons, against 93.M0; on the way to
this port, 211.200 tons, against 267.500.
WHEAT- Futures followed Chicago down
j with enormous sales In spite of higher quota
■ tlons from Europe. The spot market was also
weak with no business of any consequence.
Spot Wheat was nominal at the following
quotations: Shipping, $1 75; milling, $1 80@
1 85 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:18 o'clock — December" —
6000 ctla, $1 69H: 2000, 1 69%; 2000, 1 69%; 12.000.
$1 69; 2000, 1 68%.
Second Session— December— 2ooo etls. • $1 89;
2000, fl 68%: 8000, '$1 88%| 4000, $1 68%; 16,000,
$1 65%; : 2000, , 1 6S*i; 20,000. $1 68; 2000, .11 68%:
12.000, $1 67%. •
Regular Morning: . Session — December —
ctls..|l 65H; 2000, $165%; 44,000, »1 65;. 10,000.
! 11 65%: 60.000, 1 64%: 44.000. :$1 64: 24,000, $1 64%:
34,000, $1 64%; 65,000, $1 64H. . - :. . -:■:,.
Afternoon Session — December— l96.ooo - ctls,'
$1 64%: 16.000. $1 64%: 232,000. $1 64%: 18,000, $1 65.
j ■■;■ BARLEY— market Is . dull , since the j rain
and the tendency, is downward. * :.'■'.
Feed, $1 30; Brewing:, $1 35<gl 37%.
CALL BOARD SALES. . ,'
, Informal Session — 9:15 I o'clock— No'; sales. :
' ' Second Session— 2ooo i- : ctls, . Jl 29 ;
2000,. $1 28%; 2000, $1 28%; '2000,; $1 28%; 2000,
$1 2SV4: ! 2000. •$1 28V4. '
! Regular. Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls.
$1 27; COCO. 1 26%; 2000, ": $1 26; i 8000, • $1 25^4; 6000.
$1 25%; 10,000, »1 25%. .. : , - =-. ,-■•.■
■■ Afternoon ■:- Session . — December— 4ooo ' ctls,
$1 2614; 4000, 26%; 8000, $1 26%. : ' -. •• ' ' QiV-.;
OATS— market has not changed for som«
dare and is dull.
Fancy Feed, $1 42%@1 45 per ctl ; good to
choice. $1 35<gi 40; common. $1 3(-@l 32%; Sur
sl Sn^l 42% per ctl
CORN^-Prices are unchanged and the market
is without animation. .
Smail- round yellow. $1 25 per ctl: large yel
l°w v M 07%@i 10; white, $1 07%@l 10 P«r ctl.
RYE— sl 37%<gi 40 ocr ctl
BUCKWHEAT-»Ws@l 86 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
All descriptions are unchanged.
FLOUR— Family Extras, $6@6 10; Bakers' Ex
tras, $5 75@5 85 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlees in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to tho trade: Graham
Flour, *3 per 100 rbs; Rye Flour. *2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour. $6; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4; Oat Groats $4 25;
Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4^-4 25.
Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $4 75;
Wheat Flour, J3 26; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 80
@6 20; in sacks. $5 60.56: Pearl Barley, $4 76;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 60 per 100 ttm.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
All old Hay is firm at previous prices. New
Hay is coming In green and damp and looks
as if it had been baled out of the windrow.
Of course this affects Its price. The outside
Hay from Oregon and Utah is also weak and
dull, as the public do not want it if they can
get California Hay.
Bran and Middlings are lower.
BRAN— JISfiIS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21 504523 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $29 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. J31531 50; Jobbing,
$32(8)32 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $24 50; Cracked
Corn. $25.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat, $20@
26; Wheat and Oat, $20@23 50; Oat, $18<520;
Barley, $16@18 50; compressed Wheat, $21<#24;
compressed Oat, $18<J?20; Alfalfa, $13@14; Clo
ver, nominal; Timothy, $16 So<gil7 50.
NEW HAY— Wheat, wire-bound. $19®20; vol
unteer wild Oat. $13@16; Island Barley, $16;
Alfalfa. $12 s(Xgl3 75.
STRAW— 76c@sl 10 per bale; Oregon, 50@60c.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
A slight decline In white descriptions Is the
only change in Beans and the market is not
active. Seeda range as before.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90@3 05; Small Whites,
$1 95@2 05; Large Whites, $1 90@2; Pinks, $2 65®
2 76; Reds, $3; Blackeye, $3 75; Butters, $1 75®
2; Llmas, $3@3 10; Pea, $2<g215; Red Kidneys,
$2 6552 86 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 25f>2 50 per ctl:
Yellow Mustard, $3 16@3 25; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2V4«2%c per Ib; Alfalfa. 3(S«c; Rape, 2Vi<B>
2%c; Hemp. 2%©3 c; Timothy, 5Q'6Hc.
DRIED PEAS— NUeB, $1 7D@2; Green. $1 9C®
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plant brought 150, per lb.
and Tomatoes $1 50@l 75 per box.
High prices still rule for summer stuff un
der very light receipts. The Potato market
Is firm.
POTATOES— River Reds, 40@50c; River Bur
banks, 50@65c per sack; Oregon Burbanks, 60c@
$1; Petaluma Burbanks, 50(8 65c per sack; new
Potatoes, m@2Vic per lb.
ONIONS — Australian pobbing at 14; new, 60@
75c peh ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 526 boxes As
paragus, 45 boxes Rhubarb and 188 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 25@2 f.O for extra large; |i 75@2
per box for No. 1. $I@l 60 for small; Rhubarb,
40(^50c per box for small to good and WalSc
for extra choice; Green Peas, $1 75<52 per sack;
Garden Peas. 3>£c per lb; String Beans, 9 1 ®
lie; Wax Beans, 9911 c: Horse Beans, 2. r >ijir,oe
per sack; Summer Srjuash, lOSli'^c per lb;
Dried Peppers, 6<§;7c per lb; Dried Okra, 12V40;
Cabbage. 65@75c per ctl.; Carrots, 30@50c per
sack; Cucumbers, ifYntl per dozen; Marysville
Cucumbers, $2 25 per box; Mexican Tomatoes,
75C§$1 75 per box; new Garlic, 60<g8c per lb
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, IB® 18c; granulated raw
13c; Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c-
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 12c for Turkeys,
M 50 for Ducks. $1 25 for Geese, Ss@s 50 for
Hen«, and $4 75 for old Roosters.
In local stock Hens and old Roosters con
tinue depressed, while young stock lsscarceand
firm.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, l(vg*llc for Gob
blers and lOrailc for Hens; Geese, per pair
»lfl 25; Goslings. *1 25igl 50; Ducks. $3(g4 for
old and *3 s<V{is for young; Hens, $3«3 50 •
Roosters, young. $B® 9; Roosters, old $3 25<3
3 75; Fryers. $6@7; Broilers, )4 50@5 t,O forlarge
$2 BC?4 for small; Pigeons. SI 50@l 75 per dozen
for young and $I@l 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no change In Butter. There Is
plenty here. Cheese is also in good supply.
Ranch Eggs are firm and store are higher.
Eastern Eggs are on the market again
BUTTER-
Creamer}' — Fancy creameries, 21c; seconds,
D ? ll7 ~, r ?°. to ancy. 18@2Oc; common
grades, 16@17^4c per lb.
,* Eastern Butter — . Imitation creamery. 16®
16HcH lade-packed, 15@16c per lb- Eastern
Eggs, 12V§13e per lb.
EGGS-Ranch Eggs. 14ffl6c per dosen; store
Eggs, 13u,(gi4c; Eastern, 14c; Duck Eggs, l«c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts of Cherries and Strawberries con
tinue small and prices are higher in conse
quence.
The first Currants came In from San Leandro
and sold at $1 75 per drawer.
Good Oranges and Lemons are firm. Limes
are in free supply and dull.
W*tßonvilleW * tßonville berries sold at auction at $4 20
©6 10.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
«= Receipts were 237 chests of Strawberries and
257 boxes of Cherries. .
t R i! t - ra , wberril 7;' J4J 4 ® 6 per ' chest for la »"Ke and
$6<??, for small berries In baskets, and %7fa 3 for
loos©.
bllckl^aei^ 168 ' 25@6 ° C Per box; red, 60@75c;
Apricots, 50tU per box and $1 25 per crate
4fe 8e f o -.a @3HC P er lb *<"■ conlmon, and
iWU Sc for English.
Newcastle Raspberries, $2 per crate.
Apples, 40WT,0c per r box for common. 75c?r$l
to^.r^S d J° choice and Jl 25®1 60 for fancy •
fwm F n 'U JTJ TS T Naval Oran * es . Sl KM 50;
and «BK»!« B K»! P ' Lemon *«1 for common
aE/ialTp^oze^. 25 ® 2^ bUnCh: Plnel
DRIED Fi.UITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
Apples and Prunes are the only sorts In de
mand at the moment, and the former are
quoted rather higher.
& DRIED FRUITS-Prunes, carload lots, 4 %9
6c for 40-oO's, 4 @4ftc for 50-60's. 3«®4c for
60-70' 3Vi!§>3fte for 70-80 I s, 2%@3c for 80-90- IU
@2%c for 90-100-.; Peaches, 3@6c; fancy. 5%@
6c; peeled, 10Sl2ftc; Apricots, 6@6Hc for Roy
als and 7@Bc for good to fancy Moorparkrv
Evaporated Apples, 7ft@Bc; sun-dried 4H©sc'
Black Figs in sacks, 2@2ftc; Plums. 4ft®W
for pitted and for unpltted; bleached
Plums, s@sVic; Nectarines. 4@sc for prime V,
fancy; Pears. 2H@4Hc for quarters and S©6Vte
for halves, according to color, etc. *B s tte
RAISINS— ivj.-g.2c for two-crown, 3c for throo
crown. SHe for four-crown. 440 for Seedl^^
Sultanas T2 V for Seedless Muscatel and £©
MTTT£j£, ndon layers; dried Grapes, 2V4c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at Be per n>-
Walnuts. 3@4c for hardshell and 4@6c for soft"
" h ; ] - Ir s?!lsS' 3 ® 4c for hardshell 6«7c for
«S£ fS.'i i . BVi ? 9c for Paper-shell: Peanuts, V®
sftc for Eastern and ■'•He for California; Pc
cans, 6V4@Bc: Filberts, 9H@loc; Brazil kutl.
8^ nn pISL")p 1 5L" ): _ Co «>anuts..s4 60@5 per 100. '
f n ??^ ~ C Ib ' ® 10c for brl^ nt and" em
tor lower grades; water-white extracted. &<£
BFFSW?^ ? p r extracted 4%@sHc per tt>. W
BEESWAX— 24®26c per rb. .
PROVISIONa
Hams. Bacon and Lard are very stiff and
active at the advance and a further rise Is
expected every day, as the Eastern market
is bocmlr.g. ■
CURED MEATS-Bacon. 9o pc- IT) for
heavy, 9ftc for light medium. 10Ha f."»r light,
lie for extra light and 12@12V4c for sugar cured:
Eastern sugar cured Hams, 10h<g>llc; Califor
nia Hams. 9V4@loc; Mess Beef. $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, »il; • Family Beef. »12; Salt
«S^,% ?9:? 9: extra Prime Pork. $10: extra clear,
$17@17 60; mess, $15; Smoked Beef. 12@12Vtc per
Eastern, tierces quoted at 8c per lt>
for compound, and Bftc for pure; palls, 9»4c;
California tierces, 64c per It) for compound
and 7Hc for pure; half barrels, 7%, c; 10-lb
tins. BVic; 6-ID tins. B%c. -■,
V COTTOLENE f lerces. 6H@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls, 60 in a case, B%c;
8-lb palls. 20 In a case, B%c; 6-tb palls. 12 In a
case, BV4c; 10-rb palls, 6 in a case. Bftc: 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, 7%c; fancy tubs. 80 rbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7ftc per It>.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
; Hides are strong: and selling , well In sym
pathy with ! firm Eastern markets. There is
nothing doing in Hops., A local circular | says
Of Wool: "There. Is nothing new to report in
Wool. The business East is dull, the commis
sion houses there refuse temporarily, to receive
or advance ;on shipments, and ; this has ; the
tendency to intensify local dullness. • Notwith
standing this unsatisfactory condition of things
growers and dealers ■■ are ■ hopeful. > because they
know full wen that finally there must spring
up a good trad« at satisfactory prices, because
It Is not possible now to Import Wool and land
It at .anything, like the ' prices that domestic
Wool can be had for, and therefore it will not
be ; many months ". before -we shall be able to
make better reports. .No sales." - :
- HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs • and brands sell
about : 1c "under the ; quotations. Heavy ■ salted
steers. r 10c ;■ medium. BV4@9c; light, BV&c;;Cow
hides, BH®9c; Stags.'; sc; ■ salted Kip. to; : Calf, 1
lOo; [ dry Hides, ; iß@i6c; ■ culls = and brands, 12®
130 ; • dry Kip and Veal, 16«lBHc ; 1 dry i Calf,
;88>lSc; ■ culls,' l«@i7o; Qoatskina, 80®a7Ho ; each;
Kids. 5(3>10c: Deerskins, good Bummer. 25@30c
per ID: medium. 20c; winter, ' 10c.; fah , ee P. B^SS;
shearlings. 20@25c each: short wooU MOHC
each; medium. 60@S0c: long wool. 90c:@$l 20
each; Horse hides, salte, $2®i 60 for large. $1 BO
@2 for medium arid 75c@$l for small ; Colts.
60@75c : Horse hides dry. $1 60@2 for large and
$I@l 26 for small: Colts, 25@50c. _ ! .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3@3^c per id;
No. 2, 2(q2Vic: refined. 4>-4@4Kc: Grease. 2c. _•
WOOL— Fall clip, San Joaquln, defective. 7@
9c; Southern Mountain, 9<g>llc; free Northern,
17!@>18c.
HOPS— crop, 9@l2Hc per It).
GENERAL, MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Rags, nominal; Wool
Ba*«. no'ii.nal: San Quentln. $5 80.
Wellington, $* per ton; New Welling
ton, $8- Southfleld Wellington, $7 10; Seattle,
J6; Bryant. $6; Coo» nay. $6; Wallsend, $7 60;
Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and Sit 00 In tacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Cannel, $10 i
per ton; Rock Spring*. Castle Gate and Pleas- ,
ant Valley. $9; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and :
$14 in sacks.
CORDAGE— Price* are ' as follows: Manila,
8%o: HI«ul. 7%c. Into
CANNED FHUITB— The market Is well
cleaned up, and there In a good demand for
KnKlnniV White Cherries. -%V 6OOI 60; Peaches,
$1 1001 20: Pears, - ■•; Apricots. $l<in 10.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas.' 75@85c; To- i
nin ' •'••«. 80c.
COFFEE— We quote:
Costa Rlca~l«<S>l7c for prime washed; 14@150 |
for good washed; 16®16Hc for good to prime
washed peaberry; 14@15c for good peaberry:
12ViU%c for good to ■> prime : ll@l2c for good
current mixed with black beans; 9ft@l2Hc.for
fair; 6@90 for common to ordinary-
Salvador — for good to prime . washed ; >
Il@l2i4c for fair washed 14igl5c for good to I
prime washed peaberry; 9%@10V4c for superior I
unwashed; 9%@9^c for good green unwashed;
llVi@l2»*c for good to I prime unwashed pea
berry- ' • '
Nicaragua— 10% c for good to superior un
washed; ll@l2c for good unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l7©lßc for prime to !
fancy washed; 14@16c for good to strictly good j
washed; 11@124c for fair, wanned; B@lo^c for
medium; 6@7%c for common to ordinary; 15V4®
17c for good to prime washed peaberry; 11^4® '
12% c for good unwashed peaberry; 9^4@10%c for
good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles. 4c; cases, se- i
lected, 4'ic: Imitation Eastern, 5%c; boneless,
BHc; strips. s*®7V4c; blocks, sVi@7c; tablets,
7^c: middles, 6H®B%c per lb; desiccated. 87% c ,
per dozen: pickled cod, barrels, each, $8;
pickled cod. half barrels, each. $4 50.
California Castor Oil cases. No. .1, 95c; j
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 56c: Linseed Oil. \
In barrels, raw, 54c; cases 5c more; Lard Oil, I
extra winter, strained, barrels, 65c; No. 1, 55c; 1
cases, 5c more; China Nut, 49@56c'per gallon;
Pure Neatsfoot OH, barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; No. I
1, barrels, 55c; cases, 60c; Sperm, crude, 60c;
natural white, 80c; bleached white, 85c; Whale
Oil. natural white, 40c: bleached white, 45c; [
Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house j
colors, $1 25tfil 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2 f
@2 25 per gallon. j
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil. In bulk, ll%c
per gallon; Pearl Oil, in cases 17<-: Astral Oil, I
l"c; Star Oil, 17c; Extra Star Oil. 21c: Elaine
Oil, 22c; Eocene Oil. 19c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, In bulk. 12c: Deodorized Stove Gaso
line, in cases. 17^c; 63 degree Naphtha, in bulk,
HHc; 63 degree Naphtha, in cases, 16^; 86 de- 1
gree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; 86 degree Gasoline, I
In cases. 25c.
WHITE LEAD— at 6@7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 49c; in Iron bar- |
rels. 44c; In wooden barrels, 46c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 48c; boiled, In cases, :
63c; raw, barrels, 46c; raw, cases, 51c per gal
lon.
CANDLES — Standard Oil ! Company quotes: ;
Electric Light, 6s, 16 oz, 7%c; 14 oz. 6%c: 12
oz, 6%0: 10 oz, 4%c. Pararnne Wax Candles —
Is, 2s. 4s, 6s and 12s, white, 7%c: colored, B*4 c. ■
QUICKSILVER— export, $36 50@ 37 50, '
and local use, $41 per flask.
LEATHER DeaIers quote a firm and improv
ing market. Harness, heavy. 30@35c per lb;
harness, medium. 28c; harness, light. 26@27c; ■
rough, medium, 28c; rough, light. 26®27c; rough
Leather, 22@23c; Kips. $40(^50 per dozen; Calf. I
90c<g'$l per lb: rough splits, 7@Bc; belt-knife
splits, 10®12c; Collar Leather, black. 10@12c per
foot; Collar Leather, russet, 10® 12c; Skirting
Leather. 30<f?35c per lb.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c; Powdered, 6%c; Dry '
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners' A. 5T4c: Mag- I
nolia A, s^c: Extra C, 5%c: Golden C, s|>«c;
Candy Granulated, 60; California A, 5%c per I
lb; half barrels %c more than barrels, and .
boxes %c more. • ' -
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT M-.xtKET.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb are all quoted steady. |
Hogs are firm and tending upward.
Wholesale rates for. dressed stock from |
slaughterers are as follows: ;■.'.'>'
• BEEF— First quality. 6c; : second quality, '
5%c; third quality. 4<g'sc per
VEAL— Large. > sc; small, s®6c per It).
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@8V4o; Ewes, 8c per IT). I
LAMB— Spring. B®9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. S ! !i'iT3"*e for large and 4@ •
4Hc for medium; stock Hogs, 2@2^c; dressed i
Hogs, 6H<S6%c. . .:■■ ■ ■■:■.■■-.-
WOOD, LUMBER. ETC.
POSTS— IO(?I2c each for No. 1 and 6<??Bc for
No. 2; Redwood. $5 per cord; Oak, rough, $6 50;
peeled, $9: Pine, $5 75.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. 117-SlB 50; extra sizes, higher.
Redwood— slß.t?2o for No. 1 and $16iffl8 for No 2-
Lath. 4 feet, $2 40'S'2 60: Pickets. $17; Shingles,
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Rustic.
$21@26.
RECEIPTS OK PRODUCE.
For Tuesday. May 17.
Flour, qr sks ... 11,163 j Shorts., sks 940
KVheat, ctls 62.78S flay, tons :. 130
Barley, ctls 7,707 Straw, tons 15
fallow, ctls 41 ! Hops, bales ...... 6
Butter, ctls 473 Wool, bales 233
Cheese, ctls 29 j Pelts, bdls 347
Beans, sks .. 546 Hides, no 653
Potatoes, sks ... I.SBO Wine, gals 49,800
Onions, sks 257 Brandy, gals 1.000
Bran, sks 1,29$ Eggs, doz 17,490
Middlings, sks .. 414 Leather, rolls ... 103
OREGON. '
Flour, qr ska ... 612 Bran, sks 888
Wheat, ctls ..... 4,175 Shorts,, sks ...... 940
Hay, tons 70 Barley, ' ctls ..... 8,040
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1.200| ...
UTAH.
Hay, tons 100|... ;...
NEVADA. .
Hay, tons 10|......
WASHINGTON.
Hay, tons .... 101...........
- — « ♦.'■ ' '
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining Btncks are still dragging along at the
old prices.
Local securities were fairly active, with firm
ness In the sugar stocks.
The Morgan Mining Company of Calaveras
County has levied an assessment of 10c per
share, delinquent June 20.
The Live Yankee Gravel Mining Compam
of Nevada County has levied an assessment
of 2 cents per share, delinquent June 10.
The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany, which was adjourned from last Wednes
day, will be held to-day.
In the Chollar mine they have placed two
sets of timbers In the main Incline above the
1200 foot level. On the tunnel level the west
crosscut 60 fet north of the south line has been
extended 5 feet during the week; total distance
out 97 feet: the face shows low grade quartz.
Ten feet east of the face they have placed
square sets on the north and south sides of the
crosscut, and are now stoping ore of rather low
grade. The north drift from the east cross
cut, 100 level, has been advanced during the
week S3 feet; total distance out 70 feet: the face
Is In quartz assaying from $7 to $8 per ton. On
the Brunswick lode. In Incline shaft No. 1, 800
foot level, the chutes are completed, and they
are now engaged In cutting out the station.
In the Potosi mine since the last report they
have placed two sets of timbers in the • main
Incline above the 1200 station. The Joint Bul
lion and Potosi west crosscut on the south line
of the Potosl, on the tunnel level. | has been ex
tended 27 feet; the face Is in low grade quartz.
On the Brunswick lode, In Incline shaft No. 1,
on the 800 level, the chutes are completed, and
they are now engaged in cutting out the -sta
tion. 600 foot level— . 2 east crosscut has
been advanced, 12 feet during the. week, and is
now out 10 feet; the face is In porphyry. Have
stopped work in this crosscut. The main south
drift has been advanced 22 feet, making its to
tal length 332 feet from "the north line; the
face Is in porphyry and quartz which gives low
assays. - ■*■ ■•
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. ■
TUESDAY, May 17-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. •■-.;; Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds — - Oakland. Gas.. 47 49
Is.auar coup.'.lo9%llo^ Pac Gas Imp.. 8434 SSU
4s quar reg... 108*4109 Pac L C 0..... 49 < _
Is quar new. ..122 123 S F G;&. E... 86V»85ft
Miscellaneous — San Fran .;.. 3U _
Cal-st Cab 55.114%115% Stock -Ga5..... 12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance— . ..
CC Wat 65... 99 — FirenVs Fund. 187% —
Dup-st ex c. — 98% ' Bank Stocks—
EL & P68..126H— Anglo-Cal .... _ 64 T
F&CI Ry 65..107 — Bank of Ca1.. 243*4247 '
Geary-st R ss. — 98 c a i SD& T. 94% 96
HC & S 5ft5..100 105 First Nat ....202ft —
L A L Co 6s. — 100 : Lon P A.... 130 —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 , 15 '
Market-st 65..— 126 N>v Nat 8...152U156
■ Do Ist M 55<..112ft114 Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 9714 Ger . SAL.. _ 1650
NCNg Ry 7s. 103 —.. Hum 8& L. 1050 , 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 107 — Mutual Say. — .42%
NRy Cal 5s . .100V4 — S F Say U.. "— H 500
NPC B R 66.10014 — S& L 50.... —.100
NPC R R 58.100 — Security 88. 250 —
Oak Gas 65... 100 — Union T Co. 955 ' —
Do 2d is- 65.. 105% — -■-■ Street Railroad—
Om Ry «5.....123%123% California ....108 110 .
P • & ■■ O : 6». . . 110 — - Geary - .: ....... 40 ". . — '
P&CI Ry 63..107. — Market -st .... 61% 62
Powell-st ..116 — Presidio 6% —.
Reno WL&L.. IOO ! - Powder—
SacElec Ry ss. 100 — California ....115 160
SF& N P 55.106V4107 ; E Dynamite... 85 — '■ .' 'i
SlerraßCal 65.101%103 Giant Con Co. 44 44U
6 P of Ar 65..102Mi103i-i Vigorlt ..,•.....•, 3% 3U
S P Cal 65... — 113 > Miscellaneous— ,1 -^
SPC la eg 50.. — .""M Al Assn.. 92 931&
BP. Br -M.....1M — Ocr Id Wka.UO —
*»- '_,- . "%
S V Wat 65... 116 117 Hana P C 0... 10 11%
P V Wat 45... 103 HC & S Co.. 17 17%
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 : Hutch S P Co. 48% 49%
Water Stocks— Her Ex Assn. M —
Contra Costa.. 55 60 Nat Yin C 0... — 7
Marin Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 48% 49
Spring Valley. 100 100% Pac A F L... IV, —
Gas & Electric— Pac Bot C 0. ..101 —
Cent Gaslight. 105 — Par Paint Co. 1 —
Mutual El Co. 11% —
• ' Morning Session.
' 25 Alaska Packers' Association 92 60
10 Giant Powder C0n....... : 44 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 17 00
10 do do 17 12V4
195 do do ....17 50
25 Hutch S P C 0.................... 49 00
60 Market-street Railway 51 75
$1000 Omnibus Cable Bonds 123 50
$1000 do do ;.... 123 75
130 S F Gas & Electric Co. 85 50
$5000 S P Branch Ry 80nd5.. ........ ....109 25
600 VlKoria Powder 3 25
Street—
$SOOO Contra Costa Water Bonds 99 B0
Afternoon Session.
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 17 50
lOHutchinson S P Co 49 00
85 Oceanic Steamship C 0..... ..48 75
10 do do if 87«4
15 S F Gas & Electric Co.. 85 25
100 Vigor It Powder, b 20... •• 32 °.
Street— ,„ „
$2000 Spring Valley 4s 80nd5..... 102 50
INVESTMENT BOARD. :
Morning Session.
10 Market-street Railway Co 61 37%
25 Hawaiian C.&.S Co. lo 16 8-%
25 do do s 10 16 B.V*
10 Hutchinson S P Co «8 50
20 S F Gas Electric — • »i-»
Afternoon Session.
40 Market-street Railway .^. 52 00
15 S F Gas & Electric ••• *> £
25 Hutchinson P Co *> '°
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the Saa Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 08 250 Mexican 21
60 Con Cal & Va.. 68 100 Ophir «
50 Confidence 40;{*0 Overman 02
50 41)100 Potoei 23
|00 Crown Point ... 10 I JSO Yellow Jacket... 22
50 09 1
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 02*100 Ophir - 39
Ino Best & Belcher. 29 100 Overman 02 j
50 Con Cal & Va.. 68 fcOO Potosi 22
100 Crown Point ... 07:600 Sierra Nevada.. 68 !
jw could & Curry-. 22 TO Union Con 09
100 Hole & Norcrs. 79iJ00Utah ««
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 07 [150 Hale & Norcrs. 78
ISO Best & Belcher. 29 if-00 Overman 02
100 Caledonia 15 1 100 Sierra Nevada.. 58
Ino Con Cal & Va.. 59 iBOO Union Con ...*.. 09
200 Gould & Curry.. 22 1 550 Yellow Jacket... 22
Afternoon Session.
100 Alta 16 foo Gould & Curry.. 22
iSO Belcher 09 100 21
•50 08 200 Justice 08
ir.o Best & Belcher. 30 600 Mexican 21
joo 29 100 Ophir 39
\:,O Con Cal & Va.. 5S POO Sierra Nevada.. 58
J.OO Crown Point ... 07 ;00 Utah 06
W0 08
CLOSING QUOTATION&
TUESDAY, May 17—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Hale & Norcrs. 80 —
Bid. Ask. .Tulia — 02
Alpha 02 03 Justice 06 08
klta 15 16 Kentuck — 02
Andes 08 09 Lady Wash .... — 02
Kenton Con ... 06 08 Mexican 19 20
Belcher 06 07: Occidental 92 96
*lest * Belcher 28 29 t>phlr 38 40 ,
Bullion 06 07 Overman 02 03
Caledonia 15 16 Potosi 21 22
fhollar 17 19 pavage 11 12 '
Challenge Con. 10 11 Heg Belcher ... — 01 j
Cm Cal & Va. 57 5S Scorpion — 02 j
Confidence 41 42 Sierra Nevada. 67 58 i
ton Imperial .. — 02 Rilvpr Hill .... — 07 i
Crown Point ... 06 07 Syndicate I — 04
ron New York. — 01 Standard —160 j
Eureka Con ... — 2C Union Con 09 10 i
Exchequer — 02 Utah 05 07
Gould & Curry. 20 21 Yellow Jacket. 21 22
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
COMPAJfV.
Day of
Sale.
Amt.
s & NorcroßS.
ton
sr Hill
ow Jacket
lean
Belcher
in
52
M
63
5<
21
80
25
20
15
M
..Apr »| ..May 31
..Apr 29 ..May 24
..May 5i ..May 31
..May 8 1.. June IT
..May 15 ].. June 8
..May l.»i ..June 13
..May 19i. June 13
..May 26 1 ..June 2l
..June 3 1 ..June 20
..June s|..Junea»
..June 11' ..July 1
10
IV,
i..:.
30
i:.
DO
OS
lv
10
H
U
rman
llengre
ould A Curry
tuck
)n
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jessie Clancy, Julia and Samuel B. Smith to
Henrietta C. Hi&ley. lot on N line of Califor
nia street. 105 E of Walnut, E 32:6 by N
107::6%: $10.
Robert E. and Eliza E. Dickinson to Thomas
I. Janes, lot on W line of Guerrero street, 95 S
of Twenty-first. S 27 by W 117:6: $10.
Janet Evans to Mary F. Bondeson. undivided
half Interest in lot on S line of Twenty-ninth
street, 152:8 W of Douglass, W 101:10 by S 114;
Louisa Puttiek to William Puttick. lot on W
line of Gilbert street, 130 Xff of Brannan, NT
25 by W 80: $500.
Henry S. Manheim to Daniel Suter and H. S.
Welch, lot on N W corner of Thirty-fifth ave
nue and C street, W 120 by N 190; $10.
Jacob and Bertha G. Weissbein to Jacob
Heyman. lot on S W corner of Twelfth avenue
and X street. W 120 by S 25: also lot on S line
of Seventeenth street, 100:4 E of Stanyan. E
25:1. R 111:5, W 25, N 113:4: also lot on N lin<»
of Clarendon avenue. 407 N E of Stanyan street,
E ,W3, N 94:3, W 50. S 95:7; $10.
Peter McCann to George D. Bliss, lot on S W
line of First avenue, 224 S E of Kentucky.
S W 200 by S E 64. South San Francisco: $10.
Benjamin C. and Mary J. Holmes to Gaston
L. and Marie J. Lievre, lot on X W corner of
Wayland and Amherpt streets. X 100 by W 120,
lot 2. block S4. University Homestead: $10.
Rowley Investment Company to Gustave
Pchnee. lots 36 to 3S, block 78, Stanford
Heights: $10.
Achille Ara^ona to Antonio Panleli, lot on
N W line of Athens street. 125 N E of Persia
avenue. N E 25 by X W 100, block 64, Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
I.nura X and S. B. Abbott to William B.
Gli'l.ion. lot on W line of Shotwell street, 250
S ..f Twenty-second. W 122:6 by X 59; $10.
ALAMEDA COTXTY.
Michael and France? Fox to Harrison E. and '
Eva A. Jones, lot on S line of Park avenue.
;>v s \v of Snn Tablo avenue. W :>3 by S 125.
portion plot 6. Rancho V. and D. Peralta. Oak
land Township; $10.
Polly S. Haile to C. W. Pinkerton. lot on
NW corner of Peßch and Jeffersort streets, x
fi«:S W inn. N tt:4, W K:X S 33:4. W 100. S
66:8. E 235:1 to begrinninp. bein^ lots 1. 2. 8 I
to 10. block 61. lands adjacent to Encinal. A!a
mA<ia ' $10
F. Mathiesen to Joe S. Fratas, lot 6, in plat
C. 1,nd.1 E^tatf. Town of Livermore; Murray
Township: $R.
I'nlon Savings Bank to John Geary, lot on
E line of Linden street. 213:6 S of Twenty
fourth. S 78:6 by E 125. block H. Northern ex
tension to Oakland. Oakland: $10.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 189 S.
Sti.
M<
2
16
23
8U
4
11
13
25
Moon's Phases.
a
IS
IT
ID
17
11
I.'
l-'i
6
14
21
28
©Full -Moon.
\£S May 5. ,
/KrlAßt Quarter
*& May 12.
f!^f. New Mooa.
wi/ May 20.
-^Flrnt Quarter-
■ 9 May 28.
n
STICAMEKS TO ARRIVE.
.-aroucK
>lllnjton....
lrlgro
rizaoa ..
illamook
mp1r«. .........
organ City...
ate ot Cai....
oos Bay ......
iliamette. ... !
rlstol I
ortn For*
ro.it.l I
rnnama. ...... ...... .'....;
Departure Bay... .....
Seattle ..'.
I Humooldt .-.
Copper River ;
I Coos Bay. ......
Alaska ..:.........
j Portland..'.
Newport .......;.... .......
Seattle .'.....".
Com ox
aumoouu
Coos Bay..
Tacoma. ........
Lan Die^o.
Panama ...;-
Crescent Cltr
Eel R1rer........ ..'...".;...
Portiana
Victoria A Pugret Sound . .
Kanaim0...... .... ........
Tacoma :.....
Newport -.
! H0n01u1u....; •••
May 18
May 18
May 18
May 18
May IS
May 13
May IS
May 1*
May 19
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 20
May*)
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 23
May 23
May 24
May 25
May 25
ashtenaw
t>mona I
>lon
-esoent City,
illkat.
refron
.ty Pueoia. . .
iirma ...: ■.; I
acklnaw \
omer j
>alandla
jjumoia i
; Portiana I
ISan Dlee-o I
STEA3IKKS TO SAIL.
HER. I
ATIOff!
Sails.
•!.
nbia. . I Portland.*.. ..
ose..: Panama...'....
■>oca.: Sydney
land.. Pugret Sound..
. Kos;i I San Di ejro .. ..
a: .... (Humboldt....
t>a.. ".. jHumboldc ...v
Uav.. Newport...... i
ilia.;. Vie 4. Pg-t Snal
of C»l Portland...... I
■a:.;.~ Coos 8av...... !
ma.. . . San ■ Dip so .: . i
at — Humboidt !
i Fork Humboldt ...
m ."... Portland ......
>r — Newport . . ; :.
18. 10 am | »»l*r 12
18. I* M PM 'S3
19, 2PM 'Pier 7
19. SPM Pier 2
19. 11 ill Pier 11
19. 10 am Pier 2
•20. 10 am Pier »
21. 9am Pier 11
21. 10 am Pier »
21. 10 am Pier 12
22. 10 am Pier 13
23, 11 a* Plar'U
23. 2 FM Pier IS
24. :...
24. 10 am Pier 11
25. yam Pier 11
s or
i....
1 ....
26 I
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
' A branch of the United States Hydrographto -. i
Office, located ! in < the Merchants" , Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of.
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense. ;,;■-- ■.-. ■-'/•','■'.-•: '■■''■■■ ■%"'-vi
Navigator* are : <M?rd?^»r Invited to visit Xh*
office, where complete sets of charts ana mji.
ing directions of the world are kept on haT,';
tor comparison and reference and the i at , a t
information can always be obtained regar^
lights, dangers to navigation and all matte™
of interest to ocean commerce. .
The timeball on top of the building on Tele.
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes befr,£
noon, and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian*
by telegraphic signal received each day fro £
the United States Naval Observatory at Ma£
lß jf n notice stating whether the time ban wag
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. |.
published the same day by the afternoon pa.
pers and by the morning papers the f0110w,,.
Sow *- J. T. MCMILLAN
.'■ Assistant In Charge
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surv.,
Times ■ and Heights of High and u\i
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official ail.
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur »
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Polnf
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MAY-M*> ~
Wednesday, May 18.
Bun rises - ........... 4:54
Sun sets ;.-..'........ • 7:IJ
Moon ri«es 8'«8 '« ». m.
ITlme| Feetl 'iTme|
JL W' H W
L w
Feet ±IS?W
IH W
181 4:OH 0 0 10:5J<
la 4:47 — «'.B 11:46
30 6:26 — t'.S J2:W
21 6:04 — o.t> 1:22
22 «:40 — J. 6 2:09
23| 7:17, —0.5 2:5-ii
441 3:26!
4.4 4:12
4.3 4:15
4.3 6:22
4.3 6:01
1.8 «:15
2 7
2.9';
3.1
3.2
3.4
35 :
10=14 5,
10:.H J.B
11-* 84
|11: M el
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tid«i"
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th*
day In the order of occurrence as to tlm«. The
second time column gives the second tlds of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The h«l<ht«
given are additions to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, erespt
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plans of
reference Is the mean of the lower low watcrn.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector
Twelfth District.
San Francisco, May IT.
Noonday Rock— California.
The bell buoy reported adrift 12 miles south
east of Point Reyes is probably from Noonday
Rock: if so, it wili be replaced at the earliest
date practicable. In the meantime navigator*
should be extremely cautious approaching th»
vicinity of this rock, which lies hidden wttft
nothing- to indicate its position.
By order of the Lisrhhouse Board,
CHARLES E. L. B. DAVTS.
Major, Corps of Engineers, TJ. P. A.,
Inspector of the Twelfth Lighthouse District,
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlo Of floe. TJ. 8. N., Hep,
chants' Exchange, San Francljco, May
17. 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was droppofl
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time. C. P. WELOH.
Ensign. U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPP^G INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, May IT.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, 70 hours from Port
land.
Stmr Bertha, Koehler, 9 days 5 hour* from
T'nalaska.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 60Si hcurs fronj
San Diego.
Tug Walter Hackett, Enos, 66 hours fm Port
Harford.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson. 16 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, 61 hours from Vie*
torla and Puget Sound ports.
Br ship Seafarer. Farmer, 119 days from Livw
erpool. via Holyhead 114 days.
Schr J Eppinger, Colstrup, 24 hours from
Stewarts Point.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, May 17.
Stmr Columbia, Goodall, Astoria; O R &
Co.
Stmr Senator. Patterson, Seattle; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, Guaymas via San
Pedro; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Schr Muriel. Carlsen, Nanaimo; Henry V
Allen.
Br ship Port Lo»an. Pierce, Portland; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bark Alden Besse, Potter, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, May 17.
Stmr Senator, Patterson, Seattle.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Bridged. Ventura.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Olsen.
Stmr Chilkat, Dunham. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Inland. Santa Crur.
Stmr Mackinaw. I,ittlefield. Tacoma.
Stmr Homer. .lessen. San Pedro.
Stmr WhiteFbem, Tnhnson.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, Guaymas, via
San Pedro.
Haw stmr San Mateo. Fletcher, Comox.
Ship Columbia, Nelson. Tacoma.
Bktn John Smith. Groth. Puget Sound.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Sadie, Smith. Umpqua.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen.
Schr Joseph Russ. Peterson, Kadiak.
Schr Muriel, Carlson, Nanalmo.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 17, 10 p. m.— Weathei;
cloudy; wind, SW; velocity. 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The bark McNear loads lumber at a British
Columbian port for Sydney. 40s; Star of Ben
gal, lumber on the Sound for Sydney. 43s 9d.
SPOKEN.
April 27— Lat 9 N. long 26 W, Ital ship BJ
Ragio, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
No date— Lat 16 31 N, long 31 44 W. ship
Florence, from Philadelphia, for San Francisco.
April 25— Lat 3 N, long 27 W. Fr bark Villa
de Rouen, hence Jan 25. for Queenstown.
Per schr Defender at Grays Harbor — May 13,
lat 36 50 N, long 133 01 W, schr Falcon, heno*
May 6, for St Michael.
MISCELLANEOUS..
LONDON, May 17— Br ship Leyland Brother*
from Calcutta for San Francisco was spoken
in lat Nj long 145 W, partially dismasted.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Bertha— Left in port at Unalaska—
Schr Pearl, schr W F Jewett, schr Emma, sen*
Columbia, brig Courtney Ford, bark Harry
Morse, ship Sintram, stmr Francis Cutting, U 3
stmr Bear, schr Louise G Kenny.
Passed May 9 — Two barks bound west, four
masted baldheaded schooner, supposed to ba
the W F Witzeman, and the Br stmr Braemar.
Found bell buoy off Duxbury Reef NE by N,
bearings M hi W, M?-- 17.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— SaiIed May 17— Stmr Oregon, for
San Francisco.
EI'REKA — Arrived May 17— Schr Sparrow,
from San Pedro.
PORT BLAKELET — Arrived May 17— Schr
C S Holmes, from San Pedro.
UMPQUA— Arrived May 18— Schr Lucy, frn»
San Pedro.
EVREK A— Arrived May 17— Br bark Woolla
hra, from San Diego.
Sailed April 17— Stmr Orizaba, for San Fran-
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 17— Schr De
fender, hence May "
! PYRAMID HARBOR— Arrived April 19— Stm*
I Elsie, hence April 10. May a-Shlp Invincibly
hence April 7.
EUREKA-Arrived April 17— Stmr •Pasadena,
from San Pedro; schr Emma Claudina, nenc«
SOUTH BEND Arrived May 17— Schr Jamet
A NEWPORT-Arrived r May 17-Stmr Westport.
SEATTLE- Sailed May 16— Stmr Humboldt,
f0 SA S N n /Elfßoi°Sa..ed May 16-Schr Louisa.
fO ErREKA a '-Arrived May lfr-Schr Bertha DoU
b PORTTosTxr^ELES-Arnved May 17-Stm
17-Br stmr Alls*
Craie for Vladivostok; stmr State of California
for San Francisco; ship Deccan, for Queens-
Arrived May 17— Nor stmr Tordenskjold, from
T^TOO^H— Passed May 17— Stm Washtenaw,
from Tacoma, for San FTancisco: stmr Wil
lamette from Seattle, for San Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Arrived May 17— Stm Green
wood, hence May 16.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived May 17— Sen*
Robert Searles, hence May 4.
Sailed May 17— Bark Topgallant, for San
Francisco; Br bark Prince Robert, for Port'
Pirie
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 14— Schr Ro
peat. hence April 27.
SEATTLE— SaiIed May 17— Stmr Rival, fo*
St Michael.
FORT BRAGO— Arrived May 17— Schr Id*
Sehnauer, from Ventura.
ASTORlA— Arrived May 17— Stmr Oregon, hna
May 15.
POINT ARENA— Sailed May 17— Stmr Green/,
wood, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed May 16— Stmr Washtenaw,
for Pan Francisco. May 17— Br ship Marathon,
for Durban.
Arrived May 17— Ship Louis Walsh.
FOrEIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed April 13— Br bark Darra,
for Puget Sound. April 18 — Ship Geo Curtis, for
Honolulu.
PANAMA— Arrived May I— Stmr San Juan,
from Champerleo, and sailed May 4, for Cham
perico.
Arrived May 2— Stmr San Bias, hence April
8. May 3— Stmr Costa Rica, from Champerico.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed May 15— Br ship Brit
ish Commodore, for .
DUNKlßK— Arrived May 14— Br bark Whin
latter, from Seattle.
HULL— Arrived May 15— Br ship Kelbura. hno
Jan 10.
CORK— Sailed May 7— Br Bhip Merioneth, for
Swansea.
HlLO— Arrived May B— Haw bark Roderick
Dhu, hence April 18, and not as before re
ported.
MAHUKONA— Arrived May 3— Haw bark §
Roderick Dhu. hence April 15. w
KAHULUI— SaiIed April 29— Ship Luzon, for
New York.
HILO— To sail May 20— Ship Kenllworth. for
New York.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed May 14— Shl»
John C Potter, for Honolulu. May 17— Br bark
Marttui Fisher, for San Francisco.DEGREES FOR
OVER THREE
HUNDRED
University Graduates
Who Will Receive
Sheepskins.
Scholarships Awarded for
the Coming College
Year.
Governor Budd Will Give Mili
tary Commissions to Stu
dent Soldiers.
BUSY DAY FOR REGENTS.
Preparations for a Great Festi-val at
Berkeley To-Day— Commence
ment Exercises.
BERKELEY. May 17.— Th« Board of
Regents of the university met at Berke
ley to-day to award the degrees which
will be conferred to-morrow morning at
the annual commencement exercises.
Two doctor's degrees, twenty master's
degrees and 211 bachelor's degrees will
be conferred upon the graduates from the
various colleges at Berkeley and 105 doc
tor's degrees upon graduates from the
Affiliated Colleges in San Francisco. The
total number of degrees to be awarded,
33* all told, far outnumbers the totals of
tirt'vious years.
The recipients of the various degrees
will be as follows:
~ Doctor or Laws— John Martin Schaeberle, M.
S., C. E.
Debtor of Philosophy— Willis Linn Jepson.
Master of Arts— Francis Henry Bartlett, A.
B. ; Eugene Huntlngton Benson. A. 13., Po
mona; Samuel Alexander Chambers, A. B •
John Joseph Gallagher, Ph. D., Rome; Lillie
Unna Kalman, A. B. ; Stella M. Linscott,
A. 8., Nevada: Minnie Beatrice I: • •■.■
nolds, A. B.; Mildred Maude Wheeler, A.
li., Nevada; Emma Younglove, A. 8., Oberlin.
Master of Letters— Florence Lee, B. L.,
Mills College; Georgia Ella Reed, B. L.
Master or Science — Frederic Theodore P.iolet- '
ti, B. s>. ; George Elden Colby, Ph. B. ; Samuel
Percy Jones, Ph. 8.. B. L., Georgia;
Charles Palmer Nott, Ph.B. (Brown); Earnest
Almond Owen, B.S. (Pomona); Lucius Moody
Tolman, B.S. (Pomona); Harry Beal Torrey, B. j
S.; Clara Louise Williams. 8.5. ; Cora Lenore I
Williams, Ph.B.
Bachelor of Arts— Albert Henry Allen, Cen- j
tennla Barto, Helen Chaff Bnvard, Leila '
Glenn Bovard, Louis Frederick Brown, Charles
Marcellus Bufford, Selah Chamberlain. Allen
Lawrence bickering, Susan Gardner Clark, j
Wigginton Ellis Creed, Veronica Anita Dufflcy,
Elizabeth Caroline Fink, Laura Frank, Helen
Grace French, William Hall, Ruth Henry A.
B. : Edward Hohfeld, Jr.; James Wlnfleld How
son, Katharine Mary Jeffreys. Wini
fred Margaret Jeffreys, Frederick Per
ley Johnson, A. B. ; Joseph William Leggett,
Gertrude Elizabeth McVenn. •George Ulysses
Moyse, Irving '.ham, Charles Kimball Os
borne. Mabel Cluness Palmer, Mary Lydia
Patch. Nathaniel Sanders. Lawrence Talcott
Wagner Lucretta Estelle Watson.
Bachelor of Letters— Archibald Barren Ander-
Eon, Ruth Atterbury. Adolph Baer. Emma
Geraldir.e Barren. Augusta Hunt Blanchard,
A. B. ; Lulu Jule Blumberg, Walter Percy
Bordwell. Jennie Margaret Cahill, George
Clark. Mac Marian Cohen, Volney Howard
Craig, 'Cecilia Brownlee Cronise, Harriet
Mildred Curtis. Edith Putnam Dart, Maurice
Louis Euphrat. Lulu Belle Finley, Hayes Har
vey Gable. Etna Rebecca Gariick, Silas Wright
Geis, Florence Elizabeth Green, Ella Aileen
Quppy, Helen Harris, A. B. ; Chat Louise Hath
away, Aurella Isabel Henry, William Burn- '
ham Hoag, *Cecll Knight Jones. Edna Jones,
Margaret Zilpha Kelley, "Mary Grace Maxwell,
Mary Crooke McCleave, Marie Josephine Me-
Xtnley, Paul Lucien Miller. John Cassell New
lands, Lilian Maria Parker, Hartley Fiske
Peart, Gilbert James Rector, Ruth Lawrence
Rising. Sara Maude Robinson. William Car
roll Russell, Charlotte Sanderson, George Har
rison Slawson, Anita May Sleeper, Edwin Wil
liam atadtmuller, Carrie Stern, Lucy Field
Swett, Edna Waymire. Ernest Pratt Wel'.man
A. 8., LL. B. ; Marion Crins Whipple, Ednah
Harmon Wickson, Una Yone Yanagisawa, John
Zeile.
Bachelor of Philosophy— *Emille Aniser, "John
Finley Baldwin, Herbert James Bias. Fred
Hathaway Bixby. Everett John Brown, 'May
Colman, George Lyon Cross, Arthur Joseph
Dannenbaum. Bertha Viola Deaderick, Walter
Murray Dickie, Maude Durand, Fred Ross
FalrChild, Linn Markley Farish, John Ander
son Gammill. Harriet Eliza Glbbs, Helen Mary
Grace, Alexander Edward Graham. Bessie
Mabel Griswoid, Joseph Haber Jr., Lena Ro
pina Haehnlen, Harfey Edgar Harris, Eliza
beth Has.«ard, Lou Hellmuth. Grace Lewis
Henley, "Lewis Allen Hilborn, Ira Hoch
lie-lmer, James Hopper. Lucas Edward Kil
kenny, Frank Brown King, Virginia Xason
Klenck, George Darby Leslie, Florence Eliza
beth Mason. Floyd Lafayette McKenney, John
Lionel McVey, Else Mehlmann, John Sroufe
Merrill. Carmen Moore, Jacqueline Montague
Newton, Emma Laura Noonan, John William
Procter, Flora May Robb, Beatrice Winifred
Robinson, Edna Robinson, Josephine Roller
'Emily Olga Jtosenstlrn. Minnie Elizabeth
Ross. 8.5. ; Bpiro Sargentich, Gertrude l May
Scott. James John Sehmit, Clarence Arthur
Smith. Julia Smith, *Mac Smith. 'Walter Au
gustus Starr. Emily Merrlam Stetson, Adolph
David Sweet, Frank Peard Thomas, Thoma«
Casey Van Ness Jr., Harry Lotls Waste. Mary
Harriet bellman. A.8., M.A.; 'Annie Whitlev
Francis Alfred Wilder, 'Louise S Wilson"
•Samuel Austin Wood Jr., 'Ben' F WrlKht
•Kate Grace Wythe. « ngnt.
Bachelor of Science-Curt Albert Arents. Wil
liam Wallace A . rk ' >'. 'Evelyn- Dorothea Armer
Adolph Baer, Dudley Boalrd, Benjamin Hake
well. Estelle Jane Barden. Henry Berk el
Budd Camlllus Bush. Jacob Centennial Clau
een, Emma Fielding Daniel. Clarence Merrltt
Dlckerson. Alexander Jack Dickie Clarence
Wlllard Donne Thomas Freeman Eastman!
John Nevison Force, Robert Arnold Foster
Frank Edward Frey, Howard Joseph Fried
lander. Laura May Funk, Anson Northrop
George, Ralph Erwin Gjbbs, 'Nealy Harris
Robert Kelsey Haskell, Howe Montrose Hatha
way. Riuhei Hayakawa, Carl Edward Hetse
Tamekichl Hiralv.a, 'Arthur Douglass Hirsch
felder. William McMurray Huff, •Henri Theo
dore Antolne Hub, Solomon Hyman. Wildrlc i
Freeman Hynes, Joseph Russell Jarvle, Anna !
Maria Landstrom. *Anstruther Abercromble <
Lawson, Howard Carpenter Marmon. Mathias '
Joseph Mayer, James Edward MeGulre, Lewis
Durant Mead. Harold Wilder -Meads. John '
Walter Millar, Love Holmes Millar. Avery I
Morgan. Walter Spangenberg Morley, Marie
Irene Muller, Charles Harper - Munro, Percy
Melrose Newhall. Albert Clyde Olney, Harold
King Palmer, Homer Charles' Parker, Herbert
Whatmough Pudan, Alice Robertson. John
Foster Spencer, U.S., Roderlc Sanderson Stew
art. Philip RawthrnallThayer. Clifford Holton
Towle, Jessie June Trowbrldge, George Julius
Wagner, Sydney Vattell West, Clarence Ray- i
mond Weymouth, Cyril Wlgmore, 'Clara Louise"
Williams. Charles Jasper Wilson.
. Bachelor of Laws— David Stern Bachman, B
S. : Thomas Vail Bakewell. A. B. : Frank I
Henry Benson, Peter Augustine Breen. .A. |
B. : Joseph Perkins Chamberlain, . Harry Ernest
Church. James William Clarke. Charles Cen
tennial Cohn. William Edward Colby, -Eustace
Cullinan. A.8. ; John Ralph Daniels, - Samuel
Daniel Davis, Walter Joseph de Martini, A.
B. ; Sidney Myer Ehrman. L.: James Byrnes !
Feehan. Jonathan Edward Gardner, Frederick
William Henderson, 8.L. ; Thomas Wand j
Hlckey, 8.5.; William Henry Lamand Hynes I
William Wallace Kaye, A.8.: Grant Alex
ander Laughlln. 8.L. : Maxwell McNutt, Ph.
B. ; Alfred Harold Merchant, Hugo David
Newhouse, Edward Lee Payne, Elinor Dickin
son Pratt, Arthur Howard Redlngton, B.
L. ; Edward Paul Tobin, 8.5.; Percy Edgar
Town*, Robert Havlland Turner,- Ph.B. ;
Rachel Vrcoman. 8.L. ; John Madison Walt
hall. 8.5. ; Jessie Eleanor Watson, Ph.B.; Jesse |
Me'.gs Whited, Irvln Judith Well, Alfred Herr
mann Yordl. ■'■-■■ : ■
Doctor of Medicine — Henry Abrahm, Cosam
Julian Bartlett. William Lisle Bell, Peder
Sather Brugulere, Edwin Callaway, Thomas
Joseph" Crowley. George Woodward Dufflcy,'
Henry Mas ten Fine. Edward David . Giroux,
Howard Stephen Hill, Malvina Irma : Judell. !
Alexander Stanislaus Kef-nan, Grace Stryker .
Llnforth, Victor Francis Lucchettl, - Joseph I
Senevy , Menefee, . - Friedrich Charles Muller '
Thomas Bryan Roche, FranK Joseph -Tinman,
Oscar Tobriner. Nell Charles Trew. -:
Doctor of Dental Surgery— Perley Bosworth
Alken, Henry Graham Allen, John Hugh At- i
kins, Mabel Lucille Beers. Jean Cline, ' John ;
Hill Cooper, Homer Theodore Craig, Charles ,
Hall Dii Hois. Andrew Lewis Edwards, , Wee- i
♦on Burgess EBtes, Hartley Williams Gotten- :
bergr, Norman Sherwood • Halsey, William Dan- '■
iel . Henderson. Ira Loomls ,- Hlnckle.j'. I John
Percy Hlneß, Andrew Jackson Hlniker, ■ Perley
Centennial Jones. Minnie . Evangeline -Jordon, ;
Charles i Fisher Lemmon, William Raymond I
Llnscott, Flora Mac . Mac Donald," Louis . Paul
Marlotte, Charles Luttrell McPlke. Hubert Os- ■
car Francis Menton, Charles Leonard - Morey, i
Jerome -- Bonaparte Painter, ■ , Helen -. Agnes
Parker, Frederick Bright :;. Pearce, • Armstrong ,
Cooper Pratt. Alfred Currie Rulofson : : Jr., j
George E. • Schillig. Franklin Trewlrk Scott, I
Frank Converse ■ Sell wood, :: Ernest Kirtipatrick j
BiFson. Thomas Martin Smith, Walter Joseph
S my , • J Joseph Me h!ert Stalder, George Grant
Btanfnrd .Charles Joy Stephens. Georse Henry
«• ?'. a , rt> llHam Alfred Walden, Frank DiHs
vNutklns, Caleb Russell Wllcoxon, Jean Irene
wnrthinßton. Goorge Henry Wymore.
Doctor of Veterinary Science—Louis C. Hoff
mann, Joseph Oles Jacobs. Joseph S. Keane,
George H. Locke.
D Fol . 1 P wln 6 the conferring of degrees by
President Kellogg, Governor Budd will
ueiiver the following military commis-
To be colonel-^lelvlHe Dozler Jr.
To be lieutenant colonel— Loye Holmes Miller.
To be major— Volney Howard Craig. Philip :
Rawtiimall Thayer.
To be captain— Anson Northrup George, Hart- i
ley Fiske Peart. Edwin William Stadtmuller, I
Lawrence Talcott Wagner, Alfred Lewis Gia
comlnl, John Ed-ward Rainey. Cyril Wlgmore,
Sydney Vattel West, John Walter Millar,
Archibald Barron Anderson, Howard Carpenter j
Marmon, Benjamin Bakewell.
To be first lieutenant— Dudley Baird, Henry
Berkeley Budd, Thomas Freeman Eastman,
Fred Tyson Mumma, Splro Sargentich.
To be second lieutenant-Lionel Samuel !
Bchmitt, Howard Joseph Friedlander.
Besides awarding degrees and commis
sions, the regents made the annual award ;
of the State, Levi Strauss and Phebe A. !
Hearst scholarships as follows, the award
being made upon recommendation of the
faculty committee, consisting of Pro- j
fessors William Carey Jones, B. J. Wick-
SOn and Irving Strlngham:
Phoebe A. Hearst scholarships: Reappolnt- |
ed to temporary scholarship, Thirmuthis A. ;
Brookman; permanent scholarships reappolnt- ,
ed, Lily Hnhfeld, Eva M. Stone. Grace E. !
Dibble, Gertrude De La Motte; newly ap- !
pointed. Elise Wartenweiler, Belle Bowden, >
Alice M. Cumminps, Grace Wiltshire.
State of California scholarships: First Con
grmlonal district: Reapi'Ointed. Bert E. Hoop
er. Elmer B. Harris, Henry J. Boise, Mlltie
X. Myers.
■-1 Congreaslonal district: Reappointed.
Minnie B. Bannon, Lillian G. Chace, Richard
Walton Tully; newly appointed, J. H. Collier. '
Third t'onprewsional district: Reappointed, ;
Agrnes 1,. Frisius. Reno H. Hutchlni-on, Milton
New-mark; newly appointed. Claude I. Rhodes, i
Fourth and Fifth Congressional districts: !
Reappointed. Clara M. Stark. Alice B. Wright, i
Adrienne Cerf, Ralph C. Daniels, Charles J. ;
Houston, Guy Van S'-halck, Ylnnle C. Mil
ledgn; newfy appointed, Iva A. Gelatt, Ger- .
trude Sutcliffe.
Sixth Contrrppsionril district: Reapaolnted.
Frank G. Goodenow, Paul A. Sinsheimor, Kate
C. Johnston; newly appointed, Robert P. Ste- ,
phenson.
Seventh Congressional District — Reappointed:
Fldra G. Savage, G. G. Hunter. Newly ap
pointed: Walter S. Sessions, John M. Chain.
Btraum scholarships— First Congressional Dis
trict—Reappointed: .Icrsie Bowhall, Edith E. i
Gaddls. Edith M. Kendall, Ir.ga A. Omblin.
Second Congressional District— Reappointed: ;
B. A. Baird. Newly appointed: Henry A. '
Gelsendorfer, Amj- G. Van Deerlin, Emma M.
Long.
Third Congressional District— Re«.ppointed:
Mury E. Burdlck, Agnes R. Jewett. Margaret
A. Fortier. Newly appointed: N. H. Garrison,
Fred F. Goodcell!
Fourth and Fifth Congressional Districts—
Reappolnted: Carl S. Hansen, Lorena S. :
Sturges, W. W. Bradley. Rachael Karlandzik,
Alfred C. Skaife. F. W. Kerns. Newly ap
pointed: Annie H. Allen, Monroe H. Deutsch.
Sixth Conjrreralonal District— Reappointed:
Theobald P. Bayer. Wlllard G. Parsons, Carl :
M. Warner, Pearl Marshall.
Seventh Congressional District— ReappolnteiJ: ,
W. W. Merrlam, Clyie M. Westcott. Newly
appointed: Louts Arce, Henry N. Bagley.
The big tent in which the commence- ]
merit exercises will be held was erected
to-day. The tent is an immense one. l,"0
by 100 feet, and will hold about 2400 peo- ;
pie. A large platform has been erected,
divided into three parts, occupied respec- !
tively by the Regents and faculty, the
Berkeley graduates and the graduates
from the Affiliated Colleges in San Fran
cisco. The graduates will assemble in the
morning at Stiles Hall and march thence
in procession across the campus to the j
tent, where the exercises will begin at
10:30 o'clock.
Following the commencement exercises
will come the alumni luncheon and re
union in Harmon Gymnasium. Com
mencement day will end with the alumni
banquet to-morrow evening at the Cali
fornia Hotel in San Francisco.
•Conferred December 21, 1597. ••Conferred
September 14. lPi'?.
HONORING THE
DEAD JURIST
Marks of Respect Generally
Paid to the Memory of
Judge Campbell.
i
Eulogistic Tributes Showered on the
Magistrate's Name — Widow
Prostrated.
The expressions of sorrow around the
Police Courts yesterday over the death of
Judge Campbell were universal. Judge
Conlan is away on his vacation, but
Judges Joachimsen and Low met at 10
o'clock in the morning and the latter was
made presiding Judge.
Judge Low at once went to the late
Judge's court, and after calling it to or
der Prosecuting Attorney Spinetti ad
dressed the court, and, after announcing
the death of Judge Campbell, moved that
an adjournment be taken In respect to
the memory of the dead jurist. Judge
Low then ordered all the cases on the cal
endar continued until . to-day and . the
court adjourned.
As yet no arrangements for the funeral
have been made. The widow of the ue
ceased is prostrated with grief over the
sudden taking off of her husband. •
The funeral services; will be under the
auspices of the South San Francisco Ma
sonic Lodge, and the interment may take
place Friday or Saturday, but possibly not
before Sunday.
As soon- as Mrs. Campbell receivers suf
ficiently from her illness she will comer
with her nephew, Archie Campbell, and
the Masonic lodge, and the arrangements
will be completed.
It is believed that a successor to Judge
Campbell will be appointed immediately.
While it was contended by some that the
Governor has the power to . fill the va
cancy, those' most conversant with ' the
law state that the" appointing power "lies
with the Board of Supervisors, and the
latter contention is undoubtedly correct.
But little difficulty in finding an available
candidate will be met with. i
It is said that Dr. W. J. Gavlgan has
already been decided upon. His friends J
worked until late last night in his behalf, !
and although many prominent politicians
are seeking the position made vacant by
death Dr. Gavigan, his friends are cer- '
tain, will be appointed.
At a meeting of the Phoenix Republican '
Club held last night resolutions of con- I
dolence for the sorrowing family of the
deceased were passed, and the club soon i
after adjourned out of respect for the I
dead. .
CELTIC UNION FAIR.
Preparations' for the Benefit of the
■ Irish Hall Nearing Completion.
A most enthusiastic meeting of the
Celtic Union was held last evening at
Knights of the Red Branch Hall, on
O'Farrell street. Colonel Thomas F.
Barry presided,' and fully 100 members,
representing all of the twenty societies
in the union, were in evidence to attest
to the deep interest taken by the Irish
men of this city in the proposed Irish
fair for the benefit of the Celtic Union
Hall. - .
Jeremiah Deasy, chairman of the exec
utive committee of the fair, and Mana
ger Buckley made reports on. the progress
of the work. A number of letters were
read from prominent citizens who had
been invited to serve •on the ; honorary
board, all willingly accepting •■ and ex
pressing hearty sympathy in the work
and a firm belief that the big fair could
not help but be successful and net a
considerable amount of . money for ' the
cause.'- ■'. -:' ■; '.■ '■:■'■:--- '- ;' ■ ' : - •■*;;
Mayor Phelan consented -not only to
permit his name to be .used, but ex
pressed a desire to assist by active work,
and he will probably be called upon to
form the Committee and ; organize, it "v as
chairman. ■ .Among others that accepted
the honor were the following: Colonel E.
A. Denicke, president of the Mechanics'
Institute; ; Hon. • Tirey .'. L. Ford; Hon Jo
seph Leggett; Joseph A. Stulz. president
of the Grocers' Association ; ; Mrs. Mary
T. • Newton. Hon. C. L. Barrington, John
H. Spohn, James ;A. Barry, J. J. Dono
van, Andrea , Sharboro. ■ "J. P. Dlgnan,
Frank . Conklln and . others. ■
_■ ♦ ■
New Incorporation.
Articles of incorporation of the B.
Croner Company have been filed by Franz
Waekrow, B. Croner, J. T. Kavanagh, F.
M. Thai and Mrs. Louisa Kerstein. The
company will engage in a general mer
cantile business.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 18, 1898.
ROLLING MILLS
TO BE CLOSED
The Big Concern Had No
Practical Head as
Manager.
Doubtful Whether It Will Redeem ;
Its Obligations to the
Bondholders.
'• The Pacific Rolling Mills, which at one
i time were the pride of San Francisco, are
about to close their gates as one of the
industries of this coast. : :t: t ?
Bad management is • said .to be ■. the
; cause of the failure rather than a lack of!
patronage. A gentleman in close touch
-with the kind of work turned out at the
mills gave it as his opinion that there is
| room for a first-class rolling mill % plant
! in this city provided it was properly con
■ ducted by practical men who y have a
knowledge of the work to be turned out.
He said:
"The great trouble with the present
I management of the mills was that ■ the
directors overloaded their superintendent
by heaping upon his shoulders the work
! of three men. Previous to the late James
G. Fair assuming control of the mills j
there was a first-class salesman connect- j
: ed with them, but he was discharged, as
i were others who thoroughly understood
their business, and incompetent hands
taken on, whose only interest was the i
wages they drew for their labors. Be- j
sides this, contracts were taken for the ]
building, of street railroads in this city j
and Los Angeles, and bonds were taken
in payment for. the same. When those
roads went under the mills suffered as a
consequence, and the bonds fell short of
realizing what they called for. In addi- j
tion to this, a spirit of competition en-. j
! tered into the management against the I
i very men from whom it derived its pa- j
tronage and support. This, as a conse- i
quence, caused orders to be sent' East \
that by right would be given to the home !
mill. Through all of this it failed to
keep in line with the progressive spirit i
of the age, both in machinery, and |
method. It had capital, but it lacked
brains." •
In consequence of its neglected condi
tion it is doubtful whether it will redeem
its obligations. There are sets of mort
gage bonds out. The first bear interest
at the rate of 6 per cent and .aggregate ■
$213,000. There are also outstanding. $500,- !
000 worth of second mortgage bonds with i
interest at 5 per cent. The principal hold- ,
er of the coupons is the Fair estate,
which carries 570,000 worth. D. O. Mills
is also a creditor to a considerable
amount. These, with other bondholders :
and other creditors, have claims against
the. Pacific Rolling Mills aggregating •
$soo.ooo.
The principal stockholders in the con
cern are the Fair estate, with 100,000 j
shares; George Whittell, 1200 shares; Ed- j
ward Coleman, 1000 shares; Parrott estate, j
1000 shares; J. C. Wilmerdlng estate, 1000; j
Louis ivlonteagle, 500 shares; Calvin Paige,
500 shares. The Luning estate also holds
quite an extensive block of stock, and ;
there are numerous other small share- j
holders.
President Charles Neal attributes the
closing of the mills to Eastern competi
tion, high wages and a high price for fuel
in San Francisco. It was thought not
long ago that the Scotts would purchase
the place ami add it to their ship-building
plant, but this was not done. They would
not- take it as a gift in its present condi
tion, as it would cost more to fit it up as
a first class rolling-mill than a new place.
Since the building of the Charleston no
work to speak of has been done in the
mills for the Government vessels. All of
the heavy casting for the battle-ship Wis
consin was contracted for by Eastern
parties. The local mills had not even
quoted figures for any of the work.
TO WIND UP TO-MORROW.
The Matinee at the Baldwin for the
Widows' and Orphans' Fund.
The matinee at the Baldwin to-morrow
afternoon will be the grand finale of the
Masonic Widows' and Orphans' entertain
ment, which has been crowned with un
paralleled success during the past week
at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
The programme for the matinee is cer
tainly a most attractive one. It is to be
opened by the California stock company
in "Trilby," supported by Miss Carrie
Roma of the Tivoli. who will sing "Ben
Bolt." Then will come Pllar-Morln. the
gifted pantomimlst, who has recently
charmed the hearts of all theater-goers.
She will be supported by Mile. Severine.
and the music will be conducted in the
tragic "In Old Japan" by Lachaume.
S :beel with his groat orchestra is to be
heard in symphonies and selections. La
ter Robert Mantell will appear with his
entire company in "A Secret Warrant."
After other attractions the "Passion
Play" in its thirty-sixth tableaux Is to bo
produced. It is intended that this shall
end the long bill.
GAVE A CARNIVAL
OF FISTICUFFS
Western Addition Club's Suc
cessful Opening at Frank
lin Hail.
One Rattling Bout and Two De
cided Knockouts— A Disap
pointment.
The Western Addition Athletic Club
gave its first entertainment last evening
in Franklin Hall, 1839 Fillmore street.
The officers are deserving of unstinted
praise for the very excellent manner in
which the exhibition was carried out.
Sandwiched in between the several friend
ly boxing bouts, vocal and instrumental
music helped materially to make the oc
casion one of enjoyment.
The hall was comfortably filled at 8
o'clock, when the grand master of cere
monies, R. Snowgrass, introduced the lirst
brace of fistic artists.
Thf> first event on the athletic bill of
fare was a three-round bout between M.
Meyer of the California Swimming Club
and Harry Hitter of Los Angeles. This
was followed by a three-round contest be
tween H. McLaughlin and J. Porter. A
four-round "go" between "Young" Peter
JackSOQ and Jimmy Reilly was quite in
teresting, as Jackson cut out a hot pace.
Jack McDlvitte and Tom Devine caused
much laughter by a clever burlesque
three-round bout.
Frank Shuler and F. McCarthy boxed
cleverly for three rounds.
The next, and what really should have
been the event of the evening, was a
four-round "go" between Gene Mulligan,
the "red-headed" hurricane puncher ot'
the Manhattan Athletic Club, and Jack
King (unattached). King was several
inches taller than his opponent, but never
theless he lailed in the attempt to bring
Mulligan to terms. The stocky little fel
low put up a great fight, and excepting
the first round, which ended In favor of
King, Mulligan had the better of the
argument.
It was cut and slash in the second
round, and both of the men went to
their corners pretty well done up. In th<?
third round, Mulligan, who takes a
special delight in scrapping, went rt
King hammer and tongs, and after some
very hot exchanges he dropped Kin.'?
with a straight right on the jaw. Th<:
receiver, who was hit when leaning
against the ropes, fell forward, his face
striking the floor with effect. He was up,
though, before time was called on him,
only to be sent down again, where he
remained until counted out.
The last and final event of the evening
was to have been an eight-round contest
between Al O'Neil and Fred Trenman,
who was unable to secure a match until
lost night. Sufficient to say that Tren
man proved himself to be a pronounced
"dub," and his successful opponent was
by no means a "ealker," although he dis
posed of the "champion amateur of Mass
achusetts" in the fourth round by putting
him to sleep with a right smash in the
nose.
The entertainment was, however, a
great success and to the credit of the
officers, as follows: President, J. Denis;
vice president. T. Dixon; manager, Wil
liam Laib; treasurer, C. Roach; financial
secretary, Fred Woerner; recording sec
retary, R. Snowgrass; captain, E. Jacobs;
assistant captain, J. Shehan. Jesse
Marks, who was present, enjoyed the
eport ivugely. ,
WILL AID THE
COMING BAZAAR
Lad of St. Patrick's Parish
to Entertain at Odd Fel
lows' Hall.
An Excellent Programme Is : Ar
ranged Which Will Bo Fol
lower! by Dancing.
An entertainment and social will ": be
i given at Odd Fellows' Hall at 8 o'clock
I this evening by the members of the Klon
1 dike booth of the coming bazaar, which
i it to be held next September in aid of St.
I Patrick's Church and parocnial residence
| Since the announcement, some '>; months
i ago, that the clergy of this church, one of
the oldest in the city, were about to ask
: aid through the agency of the bazaar, for
: the first time in' its history, an immediate
j interest was displayed, both by Catholics
' and non-Catholics alike, who have striven
and are striving yet to help attain the
' object in view by realizing an absolute
j success.- ■■o.^' : ,'■'
The entertainment this evening, like all
previous attempts of the same character
! that have been undertaken in" the past
i for the purpose of • amusing the people
and at the same time benefiting the
church, promises and undoubtedly will
I be a success. - • ■■ . •
I Every effort is being made by the young
ladles of the "frigid booth' r to brush
away whatever frost that might dampen
the atmosphere around the vicinity of j
Odd Fellows' Hall : fey substituting a
warmth of enthusiasm that will pervade
the general interior and dispel • all indi
cation or possibility of the advent of an
iceberg. ' ' ■-';'
One of the most prominent workers in
the venture is Miss Mary Flaherty, who
has charge of the entertainment, and in
fact is the originator of it. Associated
with her in the arrangement of the pre
liminaries are Miss May Leonard, Miss
May Berritt, Miss Roberta Reid, Miss
Margaret Sullivan and Miss Margaret ,
O'Brien. M . I
The programme as arranged Is as fol- [
lows: Overture, Hungarian orchestra; |
vocal duet. Misses Clara and Stella Shee
han; mandolin and guitar duet, John and
Henry Dresner: contralto solo. Miss Lilian
Cornell, accompanied by Musical In
structor J. Creven; cornet solo, Mr. Cadi
gan; soprano sole, Miss Catherine Mc-
Shean; musical selections, Professor
Moore; basso solo, "Bedouin Love Song,'
Ben Grogens, accompanied by Musical In
structor J. Greven; mandolin and guitar
duet, the Misses Lille and .: Rose Mel
bourne, and a selected song by Mr. Cadi-
Reserved seats should be obtained at
once, as they are selling like the proverb
ial "hot cakes."
Dancing will follow the rendition of the
programme.
DOLLAR GAS IS
A GREAT FAVORITE
The Equitable Company's Of
fices Are Overrun With
Citizens.
They Readily Sign Contract* That
Will Not Expir© for Five
Years.
There seems to be a great deal of in
terest in this city in th« operations of
the Equitable Gas Company, a new or
ganization, which is taking contracts to
supply the people of San Francisco with
gas for light and fuel for $1 per thousand
cubic feet.
The offices of the new company are in
the Mills building, where they are now
taking contracts to supply residents with
gas at the rate named. The company
agrees to supply the gas at the reduction
for the period of five years, and to supply
it at a cheaper rate if other companies
reduce the cost of gas in this city. The
consumer agrees to use no other gas for
the same period, and to use it for that
period if he resides in the city for that
length of time.
Thousands of contracts have already
been signed, and there is an influx of
people at the offices each day gathering
details of the plans of the company.
Among other things, the prospectus of
the company sets forth the following
facts:
"This company will supply the best and
cheapest light and fuel pas in the world.
It is made by a process owned exclusively
by the Equitable Gas Light Company,
for the city and county of San Francisco.
It has been tested by the best gas experts
in America, in comparison with gases
made by all the large gas companies in
Chicago. New York, Philadelphia, Wash
ington. Baltimore and other cities, and it
has been proven over and over again to
be incomparably the cheapest and best
gas known. The citizens of San Fran
cisco have many times been promised
cheap and good gas, and have in every
instance been disappointed. They know
the influences which have always kept
back and denied this great boon to the
public. This time, however, they will
not be disappointed."
It will be some months before the works
will be complete, hut there is no delay in
the work of gaining consumers' signa
tures. Each day sees a long addition
to the list of names.
A TROTTING CARNIVAL.
Will Take Place on Decoration Day.
A Speed Track Wanted.
The Golden Gate Park Driving: Associa
tion held a meeting last evening at 1200
Market street for the purpose of complet- '
ing arrangements for the grand free trot
ting cannval which it is proposed to give
on Decoration day at the Oakland track.
The proceeds of the privileges sold will
be used in putting the speed track in
Golden Gate Park in proper condition, and
only owners of horses ana amateur driv
ers will be permitted to participate. E.
H. Algeltlnger prosified and F. AW
Thompson acted as secretary.
It was decided to have four or more
trotting and dash races fnr purses of $90.
F. O'Kane and B. H. Aigeltinger were ap
pointed to take charge of the track, and
Cluirles F. Kapp and Secretary Thompson
were appointed a committee on printing.
Fifty horses were entered at the meet-
Ing, and the entry of fifty more was as
sured. Arrangements for special trains
to accommodate the anticipated crowd
were also made, as last year over 10,000
people attended the meeting.
The Journpvmen Barbern.
Although the Journeymen Barbers*
Union has lost a few of Its men by enlist- ;
ment in the army, the membership is not •
falling, off by any means. Each T meeting ■
sees at least one new member elected, and :
last night six - took : the obligation. A re- \
lief committee has been appointed to look -I
after ; the families of ; those who enlist. J. [
i . ..wi. v..... . - .i-i' M*:4«uu-j cii L ,. c ir<.c
• -inpayment bureau. %&&&s&&B&S££&'--- '
ADVEBTISEMENTB.
Rheumatism ;Curo its ftuJTCJateed to be absolutely
harmless, and a Biron" tonic In building up the weak .
md debilitated. It cures acute or muscuiurrheuma- |
tlßm in from one to live days. Sharp, shooting pains
Id any purt of the body stopped ia a few doses. A
prompt, complete and permanent cure for lameness,
soreness, stiff back and all pains in hips and loins.
Chronic rheumatism, sciatica lumbago or pain la !
the bark are speedily cured. It seldom fails to give
relief from one to two doses, and almost Invariably
cures b«fore one bottle has been used. The Munyoa
Remedy Company prepare a separate cure for each :
siisease. At all druggists— 25 cents a vial. If you need
medical advice write Prof. Munyon, 1505- Arch
iitreet,, Philadelphia. It Is absolutely free. \&J
FLURRY IN
WHEAT CIRCLES
Yesterday's Trading in Local
Market the Largest in
Years.
Higher Liverpool and Paris Quota
tions Fail to Hold
Prices.
Wheat In the local market took a sud
den break of 6 cents yesterday in the face
of higher Liverpool and Paris cables.
The recent rains have tempered the trade
to bearishness. The opportunity seemed
to present itself at the opening, when of
ferings became heavy. Shortly after the
trade began it was apparent that a large
line of long wheat was about to be thrown
overboard. The bears were not slow In
sizing up the situation. As soon as this
particular selling started it was the cue
for severe hammering. December wheat
dropped from 170 to 164. Cutter & Moseley
sold fully 30.000 tons during the day"s trad
ing. The offerings were absorbed by the
shorts, who were anxious to fill their con
tracts. Later in the day new Ufe came
into the market and the price hardened to
166*4- Barley suffered a decline of 5 cents,
caused by liquidation. Heavy receipts of
Oregon barley acts as a depressing in
fluence.
Bresse was the heaviest buyer of wheat
on the break. Kauffman also bought
freely.
Heavy Bill for Medical Services.
Milton V S. Hamilton commenced suit
yesterday against M. E. Graves to re
cover $10,000 for professional services ren
dered by Dr. Beverly MaoMonagle and
Dr. Curtis G. Kenyon to his wife, Mim.
M. E. Graves. The physicians, who were
In attendance from April 5 to April 12,
allege, through Hamilton, who holds their
assigned claJms, that Graves promised to
pay them $10,000 for their services.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLD PICK LINE"
JOHNSON - LOCKE MERCANTILE
COMPANY,
489 Market Street, San Francisco,
SOLE AGENTS
STEAMERS FOR ALASKA AND KOTZE-
BUE SOUND,
Will Dispatch the Following Steamers:
t/VIAY :25th—
rOR DUTCH HARBOR, NUNIVAK ISLANDk
HOOPERS BAY, ST. MICHAEL. AND
DAWSON CITY.
THE STEAMSHIP
TILLAMOOK,
MAY 28th-
fOR KOTZEBUE SOUND, DUTCH HAR-
i BOR, NUNIVAK ISLAND. HOOPERS
BAY, ST. MICHAEL AND DAW-
SON CITY.
The Newly-built Triple Expansion Steamer
GRACE DOLLAR,
Connecting at the fnouth of the Putnam
River with the river Steamer ARCTIC BIRD,
Which will transfer passengers up the Putnam
River about the vicinity of Fort Cosmos.
JUNE Ist—
FOR ST. MICHAEL. DAWSON CITY AND
YUKON RIVER POINTS.
The Magnificent Steamer
MORGAN CITY.
Capacity 700 Passengers, 2000 Tons of Freight.
The above steamers are the finest of their
claes; every comfort given to passengers; best
table set of any line running to Alaska. If
you are going to Alaska go by a reliable line.
For information address
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANY*
t0» Market su, San Francisco.
y^ l^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i *,«r^ <>2."> REARM" >tT. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
()2oKEARNTNT. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
e«Lt*»-'fcs# Dlse:ise s. Lost Manhood. Debility or
Sfl^^^^wiE*: disease wen ring on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
ZTwJiaMJ^y others fall. Try him. Charges low
XJ«63ESaKas£i» Cnrftraaranlrrd. Call orwrite.
Mr. J. *'. B IOV. Rex 1057. Frar.cisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PPSBBHBIIit The S.S. MARIPOSA
rS&HMII sails via Honolulu and
•t ■■■■■• Auckland for Sydney
y™^— -^ Thursday, May 19, at
Sf^lSfllDw S. ™' ZEALANDIA,
GJlCfllllJlllj/'* for HONOLULU only.
/SfTlßflniJ* Wednesday, June 1. 2
\yilf/Uliq^ p m Special party
rates. ■-•,'..-■ ■ -■•
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents, ;
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN. SOUTHAMP-
TON. .
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British Flags.
Southwark......May 25|Westernland.....Jun« 1
•Chester ........May 28) Kensington June S
PHILADELPHIA, QUEENSTOWN, LIVER- !
POOL.
Steamers sail under Belgian Flag.
Pennland May 2l|Waesland ......June 4
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDJS.
Steamers formerly employed in trans-Atlantic
pprvtces of the International Navigation Com- !
tianv and specially refitted for this service.
S S Ohio, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 15.
S S Indiana, 3."00 tons, from Seattle, Juno 22.
8. 3. Pennsylvania, 3500 tons, from Seattle.
Connecting with the company's own • fleet of
18 new and modern steamers and barges on the
Yukon River, through to , Dawson City and
Intermediate points. __ _ '
For oassage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any. of lt« Agencies.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantic.
. French Line to Havre. .: v' '
•Company's Pier (new). 42 North -p-~{at
River foot of Morton st. Travelers <_TCTf f>
by this I line ; avoid «both transit by -iiwubl
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first-class. ,1160:
• Becond-clas9 r <116. '.',,, „..„''
LA GASCOONE May 21. 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE .............May 28. 10 a. m.
LABOURGOGNE... June 4.10 a.m.
LA TOURAINE ............June 11. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOaNE...."...-..-.v.......Jun« 18. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to - A/■A /■ - ■ ■
COMPAGNIE GENERATE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, : Agent, - '■■!- ■-'■■■-. ' ■■-.:"> : ' ' ;:li"; :li"- ' ; •; '
No 3 Bowling Green, New - York. .
J F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. . --
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday ; fop
Glasgow via , Londonderry. -
Rates for Saloon Passage— of Rome. $60;
other steamers, $50. •> * •■* *■•■'*■- -:■■■- *.*.-:>.. i ;•..-.-_.
Second Cabin— Rome, $42 50; Furcessla, $37 50;
other steamers. $35. -_ _ *■£ ".^i-s
Steerage » — Rome, $25 50; Fumessia;
124 50; other steamers, x $23 50. ;• .-•••\s.- ,■-• •'-■■--t- ■*--".
For Book of Tours and information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS. General Agents. 7
Bowling Green. New,; York; or J. J. FUOAZI,
6 Montgomery St.; >or L. F. COCKROFT, IH
Montgomery > st. ; or ,R. R. RITCHIE. , 2 New
Montgomery st., = San Francisco. ,
FOR SAN JOSE. LOS 6ATOS and SANTA CRU2
■ steamer; Alviso leave* « Pier 11 ; dally I (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; I Aiviso daily i (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. '-. Freight and . passengers.
Fare between San ■ Francisco ■ and Alviso, 60c;
to San Jose. ; 75c. •■■; Clay, street. Pier 1. ;41 North
First street San Joee. ' '" -"* ' l -~ r,'
OCEAN TRAVEL.
- Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
kj^-. Steamers leave Broadway
CTftrm wharf, San Francisco.
HWMBBt For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
B^dl^ May 1. 6. 11, 18. 21, 26, 31. Jun*
&lnW4 5> transfer At Seattle.
HEhmNjBIJ' or Alaskan ports (from ;
IB^^Bj Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
; t **VK3»sIA May 18, June 6. 26, July 17.
August 4, 25, transfer at Port-
>'"-.' '■-• -■ land. Or. .-"■>;■
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Towns-
end, -, Seattle, Tacoma, ; Everett, Anacortes and i
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., May 1, 8, |
11, 16, - 21, ' 26, - 31, June 5. and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this com- i
pany's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry., at |
Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C. 'P. Ry. '"■' ' ' 7 ' - ■ ■ ' - ■ * -
For Eureka (Humboldt : Bay). 10 a. m.. j
May :2, 8, 14, 20, 26, June 1, and every sixth
day thereafter. ■■..-.■ ■ „■■ ■:■ -
For Santa Cruz, ' Monterey, ' San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port . Harford (San Luis Obispo), ;
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and ;
Newport, 9 a. m.. May 1. 5, 9. 13. 17, 21, 25, 29.
June 2, and every fourth day thereafter. --,■
For San Diego, stopping • only at : Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondn ; (Los AngelM). ,11
a. m.. May 3, 7. 11. 15. ■< 19, ' 23. s 27, 31. ; June 4.
and every fourth day thereafter. v^v*^*: ~- -
For Enaenada, Msgdalena Bay. Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La . Paa, ? Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. May 12.
June 10, and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further ' Information obtain folder. ..
The company reserves the ■ right *to chance
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of Balling. • ,
TICKET OFFICE— I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). '■_'
QOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO j
!=> o T^ r riLiJL^iy
■ • '- From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Bert*
rHllt. $S Second Clnss and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon...'. May 6, 15, 24
C01umbia.......................... May 9, 18, 27 :
State of Ca1if0rnia..... .:.......... ..May 12, 21, 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to -
- ■E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thur-j. and Sat
■ 9:45 a. m., 3:15 r>. m. (s:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:20 a..m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Office?!— Mission Dock. Pier 3.
■ .. - - Telephone. Red 2241.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
iiiiiiiLiiiiiuiiiiMiiiJiii^JMJjnl CALIFORNIA
)|^p|it|; LIMITED.
'#|WRW^^ SAN FRANCISCO
ISEzssKiSi^sSsy, CHICAGO.
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
Leave San Francisco at 4:39 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with '
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing Room Sleepers, c;
days to Chicago, iM> days to New- York. -
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street, Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland ■ office, HIS Broadway. Sacramento
office. 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West Santa
Clara street.
[HE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1597. trains will run as
follows:
South-bound. ■ . ■ North-boo nd.
Passen- - Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger . Sunday ' Sta- Sunday ger
Dally. Excep'd. tlons. , Excep'd. Dally.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 m
9:10 am 12:30 pm Merced ! 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 3:30 am 2:20 pm
11:40 am 5:20 pm Hanford 9:45 am 1:15 pin
12:15 pm| 6:45 pm Visalia 6:40 am 12:40 pin
Stopping at intermediate points when re-
quired. .
- Connections— Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & IS Co., leaving San - Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at .Merced ; with
stages to and from Snelllngs, .Coulterville, Yo-
semite, etc.; also with stage for Hornitos.
Mariposa, etc. : at Lankershlm with stage to
and from : Madera. -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing Hay 1. 1833.
Wi EX DAYS. . l
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »8:00,
•9:30. 11.00 a. m.; «1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, •6:00,
6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and - Sundays at 11:30
p. m. ■ ■■■ . ' ..- .
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo. •9:00.
•10:00, 1 11:00. 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00. *1:45, »2:30. S.-00,
B:30, 6:45 p. m. . .  , . '
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked * run to San Quentin. ' : 'i.
- THROUGH TRAINS.
?:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — and way sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week days (Sat. Tomales and
• way stations. ■.
B:00 a. m. Sundays — and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'a.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Ferry.) ■ r
Leave San Francisco, commencing May 1.
1898: ;■ . -. - . : . ■.:•■• .■. ■ ;■ ■;■:■-
Week Days 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. — ... Iss and
1:30 p. m. -
Round trip from Mill Valley, , $1. . _
THOS. COOK * SON, Agents. 1 621 Market
street. San Francisco. .
r *t>^ ■'■ ■ If' "**~*
: v ... 7 j V
Ml] 1 Jg^ tfftl i •-- —
A lady living in one of the large brass manufacturing cities of
Connecticut, writes : "My ten-year-old daughter, Irene, has been I
troubled with terrible sick headaches and spells of vomiting ever sine*
she was a little tot. Her father thought she would outgrow them, but
she didn't. She did not chew her food enough, and what she threw ■'■■:
up seemed but half digested. Through the advice of a friend, I
began giving '.her -y_-\ :'/:;;;/, V .:
Ripans Tabules.
, a She was benefited at once, and after a treatment- of one week the \
trouble ' ceased, and she has not had a bad spell since."
Since writing this : letter, the lady states that she has reduced the
dose to half a Tabule a day and the good effect still continues, and ':/
. believes that the use of the Tabules may soon be wholly discontinued*
for her. daughter appears how to be absolutely welL > > ;I^fe§
- BAUiBOAD TEAVEL.
HOIIUIK.V !>AtIFK lOMPAHY.
■. V, * JPAOirIO SVMTBM.) "
rrnlna le«v« nn«t »re ilu* lo iirrlie «l
- MAN riUMCIMtO. >
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
Lt«Ti '— From ArKiL 38, 1688. — ab»iv»
"•6:00a Nile*. 9au Jose and Way Stations... •**}•>*
?:OO \ Benicio, Suisun and Sacramento. ... 10:43 a
7:OOa MarysTille, OroTlUe aud Redding Ti»
Woodland ........................ 22 1 * 5*5 *
7:OOa VacaTille and Rum5ey..... ......... 8):43r
7.-»«A Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Oallstosa and Santa Rom •iISp
S:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogdeu aud Kast.. Si«*
K:UUa HUas, San. .lose. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, MarysT<.lle, . Cuico,
Tehama and ltd 4ilBp
•SiSOa Peters. Milton, Oakdale (Jamestown
for Y05emite).......:....... • ■7:l»f
9>OOa New Orleans i;»iiree». Merced, Fres-
no, liakeniluld. Santa I'.arUara,
;.os Aneelcs, Deming, £1 l'aso.
New Orleans and Ea5t...... 6i43p
1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinet and Way Station* Ti46r
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steainais ....... •8:OOp
l:OOp NUes, San Jose and Way Station*.. »»i4»a
.......San Jose, Niles and Way Station* ... J»:I-5a
8:0«p Livcrmore, Mendota, Hanford and
V15a1ia..........:...-. 4ilsp
....... Uvermore, San Jose, Nile* »nd Way
, 5tati0n5........................... |»Otl»A
Fresno, Merced. Martinez, Vallejo.. I*:ls*
4iOOp Martinez. .San lUnion. Vullojo.
K*l>a. <:ulUti>j[u,' Xl Verauo aud
Santa Uosa »ilsa
4>o«p Bepicia. VacaTille, Woodland.
Kui£lits Landing. MarysTille, Oro- -
Title ami Wiu'iiiiiieiito...... 10:43 a
4:Boi> Nilcs. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:15*
4:80p Stockton, Oakdale, Merced 12:15p
4sBopO»stleandLodi....". .....'.. 1»:I5f
4:SOp Latiin Modesto. Merced. Berenda
■ - . : (Kaymond for Yosemite}, Fresno.
Mnjave, Santa Itarbara aud Jam
Anuclus 7i45a
4iUOp Hanta I'".- Itoute, Atlantio ICi press
for Mojave and Ka5t.....". «:43r
B:O«i- Kiirn|>eiin Mali, Ogilen and Kast.... 9i44a
■•:<M>l> Vallejo 1 2: 1 3 r
' oio<ii> llaywardis Nilnnn.l Man .lone 7:45 a
:7iOOp Vsllejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions S9>43r
S:lM)r Oregon l<:>|irf«s,Sacruinenti>, Mnry*.
vlllo. KfililiiiK. I'lirtlaml, I'ngtit
• Siinnil anil Kunt 8il»A
' SAN LKA.MHU) AM» lIAY\VAKI»S 1.0CA1,.
•.-••- ( Foot of Market Street.)
~; l ~Y~ : ~~' ~ r " ( TitSX:
8:OCA Melro>ie, Seminary Park, «»0j4.1a
K».«i»a F l «<-l,h n r ,K.m l t, ilrl3 A
iII:»Oa San l,fiiiiiln>, South San l*:4»p
:i2:OO . / Le.n,lr«,^tadlUo, $&%
ibt:V»i»r • Lorenzo, Clierrj • ' Mi«3p
J:«OP . |3:43>-
s:(>op . . :a»d - . . 6tl3p
o.BOp . Ha, Wards. »»«•»
7:i>op SI43P
»:OOp « Runs through to Nlles. Ail*
9:00p , Kroiu Nile* ..•■'• . 1O«S»P
ttll;l3pj r " J "' ea - [ m»;OT
COAST I»1VI*1OX (Xnrrow (iapge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
}7:43 a Sauta Cruz Kxnirsinn, Santa Crui
and Principal Way Stations JJhOSr
S: 13a Newark Cen terville. San Jose.Felton,
B viiUler Creek. Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 8t3O»
■2:I8p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden,' Felton, Boulder Creek, : -
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
" Stations MOiSOv
4:1 ; San Jose, Glen wood & Way Station* *i»Oa
q4ii3p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz ■ jt>:H«*A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
*Rom SAN FR&NCISCO— fooI or Market Street (Slip »)—
•7:15 9:00 11 :00a.m. tl:00 *2:00 13:00
•4:00 ; :.. t5:00 •6:00p.U.
from OiKUKD— Fool a. Bra»d**j.— "C:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
tI2:CO «l:00 12:00 "'3:00-^1:00 *S:OOr.U.
~~~~- COAST DIVISION (Broad tiaage). :
(Third and Towngnnd Sts.) -■
•7iOOa San 3am and Wuy .Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30p
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose,
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations {9iUr
9:00 a Hun Jose, Trea I'lnos, Hanta Crux, . '
Pacific Grove, l'aso Rubies, San
Luis <)lilsi<<>, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations .......... 4il*r
III:!!)! San and Way Stations *M:«Oa
I1:3«a San J»se and Way Stations »8:83*
•«:4Si- San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, ban .roue, Gilrny,
UolUstor, Santa Crux, Salinas,
Mouterey and l'aclllo (Jrore *10i33a
• 3: :i«i- an .l ose aud Way Stations I *O:OOa
San.Toiean.l Principal Way Stations »:43.\
•3:OOp SanJo3e and Principal Way Station* ' 8i33 a
Mtf San .lose ail'! Principal Way .Station* 3:BUp
<li:t«»i- San Jose and Way Stations 7:3Oi>
1:4.1 1- San Josßand Way 5tati0n5......... 7:»0p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* S:i r. i'«vs exct- ptwl. ♦ Sundays only, t Saturdays only
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday night* only. - .
I K-inoayj ami Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANGISGU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tttares Parry. Feat of Market St.
o-^-» 'I'ItAK CISCO TO bAM KA£*AKl<.
WEEK DATS— 7:BO, 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; 11:89.
»:80. 5:10, : 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra- trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m.
S V DAYS — ' 9:80, 11:00 a. m.: 1:10, »:»•.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. ■
WEEK DAYS— B:io, 7:80, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; ttlti.
SAO. 5:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 8:«0. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:19.
5:00. 6:25 p. in. s :
Between , San Francisco and Schuetaen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisca In effect San Francisco.
. April 23, .
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days. .
7:30 am 8:00 am '" I Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:80 pm 9:30 am 'Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
ii :10 pm 5:00 pin Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm! 6:2S pin
Fulton, " :
7:30 am Windsor. . 10:25 am
Heuldsburg.
- Lytton,
< Geyserville.
3^30 pm 8:00 am _ Cloverdale. ) 7:35 pm 6:23 pa
7:Bo~am| ■ I ! Hopland and! ~ - - 110:25 am '
3:30 pm|8:00 am| Uklah. f 7:35 pm| 8:22 pm
7:20 am "~~ I ' ' ~ 10:25 am
. . 8:00 ami Ouernevlll*. 7:15 pm
3:30 pm I - . ■■- j__ I 6:28 pm
7:30 am 18:00 ami Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
I - ( and
5:10 pm]s:oo pm| Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm' 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sebastopol. - 110:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm|s:oo pm| . I 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Spring*: at Gey-
Eervllle for Skaggs Spring's; at Cloverdala for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllie, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda • Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Upper t
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Lierley's, Bucknell'B, Sanhedrln Heights.
Hullville, Booneville. Git's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. =. . •?">;':;■;
On Sunday? round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle bids;.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
910
DIDN'T FANCY
SUCH RIDING
Thorpe Was Hissed for
His Handling of
Humidity.
Despite the Heavy Going Five
Choices Hit the Wire
First.
Piggott Astride Maroutio Furnished a
Fin* Finish— Thorp© Riding In
His Old-Time Form.
There was one race decided at Oak
land yesterday that caused a howl of
dissatisfaction, and a number of peo
ple gave vent to their disapproval of
Thorpe's tortuous riding by hissing
the popular rider of the Burns & Wat
erhouse stable. It all occurred over
the result of the third race, a four-and
a-half-furlong scramble for two-year
olds, in which Thorpe had the mount
on Humidity, equal favorite in the bet
ting with Sam Hildreth's fast filly
Toluca. When sent away from the
post Thorpe hustled his mount away
in the lead, and upon reaching, the
stretch apparently wanted all of It to
himself. Near the furlong pole, as
Clawson, on the outside, began riding
Toluca hard, it dawned on Thorpe that
he would take the extreme outside,
too, and Clawson was obliged to pull
up and go around. Humidity won by
over two lengths and the backers of
Hildreth's filly were willing to take
oath that Thorpe intentionally fouled
her. A crowd collected around the
stand and Clawson entered a claim of
foul. The judges wouldn't stand for It,
however, and the whole thing soon be
came a matter of ordinary turf his
tory-
The mud having dried out somewhat
was of the blinding sort, and horses not
possessed of speed enough to pick out
the dry spots soon found themselves
anchored. In the art of navigation,
Thorpe proved a past master, for he
got to the wire first an three separate
occasions, each time astride a favorite.
It was a day for first choices from the
start, for L*is Prietos was the only one
to meet with disaster.
Obsidian, a 1 to 2 chance in the open
ing two-year-old dash, disposed of his
company like breaking sticks. La
Parasseuse headed him into the
stretch, where he took the lead and
won without effort.
Nolan & Tholl's Rebel Jack was
pounded down from twos to even
money favoritism to win th^ six fur
long sprint that followed, and after
getting away none too well Clawson
managed to work his way to the front
and driving hard at the end beat
Master Mariner a head on the wire.
Soscol, weakly ridden by McDonald,
was a fair third.
For the mile and an eighth purse run
Mercutio with Piggott up opened
favorite, but his well-known unruly
antics at the post caused his price to
recede in the ring, and Los Prletos with
his light impost up was played down
from threes to 8 to 5 favoritism. The
latter appeared utterly at sea in the
going and never was a dangerous
factor. Li Hung Chang and Cromwell
looked to have the race between them
until the stretch was reached, where
Piggott went to work on Mercutio, and
by superb riding got to the front the
last few yards, getting the decision by
a head from Cromwell.
The going suited the uncertain under
pinning of old Red Glenn, and going to
the post a 6 to 5 choice for the seven
furlong run McDonald landed him a
handy winner at the wire from For
tuna. El Moro, which opened up
favorite, finished in the show.
The last rare of the day, a six fur
long sprint, went to the 11 to 5 choice
Lucky Star, ridden by Thorpe. The
brown gelding took the front position
in the stretch and led Sport Mc-
Allister out by three lengths.
TRACK NOTES.
The win of Obsidian was not a profitable one
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
/CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — Oakland Track-168th day of tha
V-» Winter Meeting. Tuesday, May 17. 1898. Weather fine. Track
heavy.
i:
; purse-,
Index. Horses.
1028 Obsidian !
302S La Parasseuse
1028 Sir Urian
1057 Loyalle
436 Casdale
1015 Santa Flora
I 4
3
! 2
1
I 6
i 5
2 3
1 Hi
3 6
6 2
6
4 2
2 S
1 1
3 1
4 1
5 V 4
6
1 6
2 1
3 15
4 2
6 8
6
i norpe
Clawson
Powell |
2-5
I
15
50
50
60
IWalnright ...
Klley
j Cameron
Time. :57H Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. c. by imp. Stromboll-Clara L.
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
069.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; throe- year-olds; purse. $300.
1054 Rebel Jack 105]
1056 MaMer Mariner l'">7j
O049) Soscnl 109 i
tOlt Castake ir>9
1051 Outlay 105)
1051 Saticoy 112
1051 Miss Dividend 1001
1036 Tnwanda 100
1045 Saucy Eyes 107
I 7
i 3
5
il
1
6
If
2
4
8
9
53
4 h
5 2
2 h
8 3
3 2
1 8
9 •
7%
3 Hi
1 1
5 2
4 h
7 20
2 1
6 h
9
8 2
1 h
2 3
3 5
4 2
5 1
C 8
7 3
8
9
awson
ibervllle ....
:Donald ....
Narvaez ..
Powell
lorpe
2
4
I
5
30
2
20
25
30
cNichols ...
Hey
ufnet
Tim*. I:lS'4. Winner, Nolan & Tholl's b. c. by imp. Order-Nokomis. Poor start,
first thrw driving.
1070.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $360.
C 1057) Humidity 107 2
(1048) Toluea 105 3
1048 Leo Vertner 10S 4
1034 Distance 108 1
Time. 1:03%. Winner. Burns &
start. Won first three driving.
2
3
4
1
1 2
2 4
3 V 4
1 1V 2
2 10
3 3
4
1 H
2 U
3 8
4
1 2U
2 20
3 3
4
orpe
.wson.
Wilson ...
Donald
6-5
30
30
br. t. by Hindoo-Imp. Calphurnia. Good
1071.
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; three-year-olds and upward; purse.
/
885 Mercutio. 4 110 3
1041 Cromwell, 6 114 6
BRT LI Hung Chang, 3.. 83 1
891 Los Prietos. 3 81 4
1067 Widow Jones, 4 102 6
O045) Rose Maid, 3 87! 2
1064 St. Distaff. 4 92 1 7
4 1
2 8
1 1
6 2
7
*V>
5%
3 5
2 3
1 3
6 1
6 3
4 Vi
2 2
3 4
1 2
5 3
6 8
42
7
1 n
O O
4 4
6 3
6 20
7
iriSKOK
Clawson .;....
Ba^singer
McN'ichols ...
McDonald
Woods
Walnright ...
7-1
2
20
•5-2
15
12
12
Time, 2:01. "Winner, O. H. Peters' br. h. by Imp. Martenhurst-Ernestlne. Good start
Won first three driving.
1072.
FIFTH
and upward; purse, $300.
io4 Red Glenn, a 1
10S1 Fortuna, 6 1<
:f>s4 El Moro. 3 V
in«l Joe Mussel, 4 l:
1054 Charles A, a l:
1050 Loch Ness, 4 13
1055 Emma Rey, 3 I
3
5
6
1
4
2
7
4 % •
8
lh
3 1
7 3
, 2 h
« *
1 h
5 1
4 Vi
6 H
3 h
2 2
7 -■:
4 1
2 2
1 2
6 3
5 5
S 1
7
1 2
2 3
3 5
4 2
6 6
6 3
7
:. Narvaez ..
lawson
übervllle ...
'owell
iggott
I'oods
8-5
IS
6-5
12
15
5
25
Time. I:32ft. Winner E. W. Purser's b. g. by Glen Elm-Red Girl,
first three drlrlng.
Good start.
1073.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling;
; puree, $350.
Horses.
%m.
) Lucky Star, 4
i) Sport McAllister, 6.
' Polish. 4 :
1 F!g Leaf, 4 :
' OFleta, 6 :
. Major Cook, 6 !
• Roy Carruthere, 4..
5 '• •
I 1
2 .
■4- ■
6
8
7 ;
4 2V4
63
5 1
2 h
6 3
1 h
7
2 1
, 3 %
14.(51
1 h
6 10 "
62
7
1 1
2 H
4 2
SH
6 H
6
•
13
2 1
3 1%
4 3
6 1
6
i norpe
Narvaez
Frawley
Woods
McDonald
Clawson
Garlgan
3 1]
2
3
4
20 V:
10
30
> br. g. by Imp. Friar Tuck- Keepsake. Good start.
for the firm of Burns & Waterhouse. The colt
was entered In the race to be sold for J3OO and
was "boosted" $500 over that price by Atkin
& Lottridge, owners of the second horse, La
Parasseuse.
There was another case of bidding up in the
last race. Lucky Star, the winner, was in
to be sold for $300, and when put up to be bid
on was raised $200 by Judge Tarn, the stable
letting the brown gelding go. He looks to bo
a bargain at that price.
From the betting and the way the race was
run it looked as though nearly all of the other
entries were "dead" to Rebel Jack.
At the post Li Hung Chang acted as though
he had taken a "long draw" before he went
into the Starter's hands. Basstnger, though,
managed to keep his seat, clinging like an
over-ripe blackberry to a bush.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling.
(1063) Also Plan 11... 92 661 Racne Murphy 85
Osculation .... 90 1068 La Parasseuee. 90
1034 E. Come 106 801 Oraibee 91
1063 Chilcoot Pass. S5! 10T0 Leo Vertner... 90
1048 Magdalenas .. 96; (1022) Malay 102
Second race — Three-quarters of a mile; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
1073 Roy Car'thers.lo7 1069 Castake J5
1050 Alvln E 107 1073 Fig Leaf 105
1061 Sardou 110 1062 Don Gara 112
750 Ranardine ....109 1073 Major C00k. ..109
1007 Ricarflp 109 1055 Formella 93
1065 Colon* Dan... 98 1001 Sierra Blanco. 95
1062 Ad'm Andrew. 110 1
Third race— Seven furlongs; three--year-old«;
selling.
1055 Aprona 107 1005 Tiny P 109
1043 Stepabout ....107 1061 Oahu 10<
1058 P. A. Finnegnll2 1055 Lee Kylo 109
1049 Estro 112 1051 Fleming 109
loss Rio Frio 109 1019 Joe Levy 109
105S Charlotte M...107 1069 Saticoy 112
1051 Ping 112 1055 Magnus 109
932 Musculado ....1091
Fourth race — One and a quarter miles; four
year-olds and upward: selling.
1071 Cromwell llli 1032 Mary Nlevez.,lo6
998 Ft. Augustus.. 107 1060 Zarro 108
1023 Veloz 101 1087 Lady Hurst.. .lo2
(1060) William 0p8..11lO p 8..11l 1060 Metaire 108
867 Joe Terry 11l 1072 Fortuna 106
928 Tenacity 108 (1062) Rapldo 108
1047 Dcvi I 1I 1 s Drm...loS
Fifth race— Seven-eighths of a mile; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
(1054) La Goleta 99! 1066 Rey del Tierralo3
1067 Dolore 103 (1060) Caspar 10S
1042 Recreation .... 93 1067 Lost Girl 100
1069 Rebel Jack.... 91 1065 Peixotto 106
<10T,6) Mocorlto 93 1042 Earl Cochran..lo7
1054 Sea Spray 1021 151 Jim Bozeman.lo7
Sixth race— Five-eighths of a mile; maiden
three-year-olds.
1045 Fallen Prlncss 97 10S6 Cyaro 99
1045 Brown Prince. lo4 1002 Qulrte 97
1045 Kitty Blake... 97 1055 Carbineer 107
1026 Jim Brownell.lo2 1046 Idomenus 104
1045 Entrata 10! 1045 Pongo 107
979 Racio 99 1045 Rosa 102
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— E. Come. Malay, Also Ran.
Second rac« — Colonel Dan, Adam Andrew, Rl
cardo.
Third race— Stepabout, Retro, Charlotte M.
Fourth race— Lady Hurst, Fort Augustus,
Metaire.
Fifth race— La Goleta, Recreation, Caspar.
Sixth race — Entrata. Rosa. Brown Prince.
TWO WINNING FAVORITES.
John Boone and Henrica Enrich
Their Backers at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, May 17.— John Boone and
Henrica were the only winning favorites
to-day. Track fair. Results:
Four and a half furlongs, for two-year
olds. Pirate Judge won, Leo Planter sec
ond, Leo Stratus third. Time, :58%.
Five furlongs, selling, John Boone won,
Maddallo second, Mitchell third. Time,
1:05%.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling, Dud
ley E won. Confession second, Sulross
third. Time, l:s4Vfe.
Six furlongs,* selling. Laureate won,
Sligo second. Mazeppa third. Time, 1:16%.
Seven t/irlongs. selling, Henrica won,
Full Hand second. Parole dOr third.
Time. I:3lV*.
Seven furlongs, selling. Found won,
Trombone second, Tony Honing third.
Time, 1:30%.
LOI'ISVILLE, May 17.— Weather clear,
track fust.
Six and a half furlongs, Banastar won,
Lillian Bell second, Millstream third.
Time, 1:22%.
Five furlongs, April's Lady won, Mier
Dance second, Billy House third. Time,
1:04%. '
One mile, selling, Elkin won, ABC
second, Kitty B third. Time. 1:44%.
Premier stakes, one mile, stake $1300,
Gallivant won, Forte second, Alleviate
third. Time. 1:45 V*.
Four furlongs, Marchmont won. Good
Morning second, Rosa Masso third. Time,
:51Vi-
One mile, selling, J. A. Grey won. Joe
Clark second. The Planter third. Time,
1:45.
NEW YORK, May 17.— Results at Mor
ris Park:
Six and a half furlongs. Octagon won.
Geisha second, Royal Stag third. Time,
I:22M>.
Seven furlongs, selling, Ben Ronald
won, Braw Lad second, Double Quick
third. Time. 1:30%.
Bay Chester, one mile. Mirthful won.
Sly Fox second, Danforth third. Time,
1:42%.
Four and a half furlongs, Onondagaa
Pride won, Loiterer second, Whiplash
third. Time, :52%.
Claremont, six and a half furlongs,
Warrenton won, Thomas Cat second,
Cleophus third. Time, 1:23. ,
One mile, Mont dOr Won, The Manx
man second. Whistling Coon third. Time,
1:44.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 18, 1893.
ORIOLES TAKE
TWO GAMES
Twice Defeat *, the Phila
delphians With the
Utmost Ease.
New York Duplicates the 'Per
formance, With Senators
as Victims.
Chicago Gives Cleveland a Setback
»nd Pittstmrg Wins From
St. Louis.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING. '
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Pittsburg ..12 12 .500
Cincinnati .17 4 .SO9 Fhila 9 10 .473
Cleveland ..16 7 .6*6 Brooklyn ..9 10 .4.3
Boston .....15 9 .625 1 St. Louis ..5 15 .200
New Y0rk. .13 8 .619 Louisville .. 6 19 .204
Baltimore ..11 7 .611 iVashinetn .4 17 .190
Chicago ....11 9 .57S|
PHILADELPHIA, May 17.— Baltimore
took two games from the Phillies to-day
with the greatest of ease. The Quakers
used two pitchers in each game. Attend
ance 13,500. Score, first game: - _
: R. xi. . a*.
Baltimore!" £ \\ %
Philadelphias .. • 5 tJt^i*
Batteries— Hughes and Bowerman; Fifeld.
Duggleby and McFarlandand Fisher. Umpires—
Emslie and Andrews.
The second game was called at the end
of the eighth inning on account of dark
ness. Score: . r h e
Balttmores " i: > £
Phlladelphias ••• 2 4 3
Batteries— McJames and Clark; Piatt, Becker
and McFarland, Fisher. Umpires— Andrews
and Emslle.
CHICAGO, May 17.— Battery errors and
other poor playing in the third and ninth,
followed by a "bunching of hits, gave Chi
cago an easy victory. Attendance 1100.
SCOre: •/ * R. H. E.
Chicasos .........: •■••13 11 4
Cleveland? • ** l" "
Batteries— Griffith and Donahue: McAllister
and O'Connor. Umpires— McDonald and O Day. j
PITTSBURG, May Taylor was easy
for the home team to-day. Attendance
1800. Score: r h e
Plttsburgs 6 11 1
i St. Louis 0 ' 5
Batteries— Rhlnes and Schrlever; Taylor and
Clements. Umpires— Swartwood and Wood.
NEW YORK. May 17.— The Giants took
both games from the Senators, the first
because of their ability to hit Swaim ef
fectively, the second by a lucky streak
of batting in the ninth inning. Grady was
sent to the bench in the second game for
disputing a decision. Attendance 6000.
Score, first game:
R. H. E.
New Torks 9 " 8
Washingtons 3 7 ■
Batteries — Rusie and Warner; Swalm ana
McGulre. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
Score, second game:
R. H. E.
New Yorks 11 11 5
Washington* 10 9 3
Batteries— Seymour. Grady and Warner;
Dlneen. A mole and Farrell. Umpires— Lynch
and Connolly. , • .
BOSTON. May 17.— Lewis was good to
day, and shut the Brooklyns out without
a fun, and for the first eight innings not
a hit was made. Attendance 2200. Score:
R. H. E.
Bostons 12 18 0
i Brooklyns 0 1 t
Batteries— Lewis and Berpen: Yeager and
Grim. Umpires— Snyder and Curry.
! CAMBRIDGE DOUBLE SCULLS.
Goldie and Smith Win From Bell
and Howell.
LONDON. May 17.— 1n the Cambridge
University double sculls race to-day C. J.
D. Goldie. Third Trinity, and Etheredgton
Smith, First Trinity, beat A. S. Bell, Trin
ity Hall, stroke of the Cambridge crew
in this year's Oxford-Cambridge boat
rece, and B. H. Howell, Trinity Hall, the
American oarsman, by fifteen yards.
COLLEGE MEN
AT BANQUET
Enjoyable Reunion of the Class
of '88 of the University
of California.
Delmonico's Made to Ring With Col
lego Songs and Class
Yells.
Twenty-one members of the class of
'88, University of California, attended the
decennial banquet, given at Delmonico's
last evening, the occasion being the first
big reunion of the class. To James Sut
ton, at present recorder at the univer
sity, is due the credit for the marked suc
cess of the affair, for it was he who orig
inated the idea of a decennial reunion and
carried out the arrangements.
A fine orchestra was stationed in a room
adjoining the banquet hall, playing the
most delightful music during the dinner
and accompanying the men, who became
rollicking boys again, when some familiar
class song was started up.
James P. Booth was toastmaster, the
principal speakers being G. Stoney, H. E.
Monroe, C. W. Reed, H. M. Holbrook and
Finley Cook. Letters and telegrams of re
gret were received from classmates who
were unable to be present, and their
health was drunk, after which they were
given three cheers.
The banquet was entirely informal, one
of the stipulations on the invitations be
ing that dress suits were barred, as the
members planned a good, easy-going time,
which they realized. College songs were
sung, class yells given until the dishes
rattled, and stories told of the good old
days of Berkeley.
To-day those who attended last night's
reunion will be present at the alumni
luncheon at the university and the dinner
in the evening at the California Hotel.
The class of '88 is justly proud of its
record. Of the forty-one graduates only
two have died. Most of the members re
side in this city and are prominent in
business and professional life. Among
those who attended last night's reunion
were- C. F. Allardt, A. Bachman, J. E.
Beard S. Bloom, J. P. Booth, I. I. Brown,
J A Chestnut, Finley Cook. Dr. W. B.
Deas, H. K. Eells, H. M. Holbrook, Rev.
W I Kip Jr., G. A. Merrill, H. E. Mon
roe T S Palmer, C. W. Reed, G. H. Rid
dell', W. E. Ritter, G. Stoney, G. M. Strat
ton, James Sutton.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., May 17.— Exchanges, $373,
844; balances, $59,797.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or., May 17.— Wheat, Walla
Walla, 93@94c; valley and blue stem, 95@96c
per bushel. .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 17.— Wheat lower. No. 1 club,
94@95c; No. 1 blue stem, 97@98c.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 17— Br bark
Prince Robert, from Port Blakeley.
• COOS BAY— Arrived May 17— Stmr Arcata,
hence May 1"».
TRANS-ATLAN.TIC STEAMERS.
MARSEILLES— Arrived May 17— Stmr Neo
strla, from New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 17— Stmr Lahn, for
GIBRALTAR— Arrived May 17— Stmr Pulda,
from New York.
BREMEN— Arrived May 17— Stmr Kaiser Wtl
helm der Gro»*e, from New York; stmr Dres
den, from Baltimore.
BTETTIN — Sailed May 17— Stmr Island, for
New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived May 17—Stm Rou
•n&nu. from Glasgow.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL-
B E Barker, Stktn P H Goldsmith, N T
3 Taylor* w. Mass F W Rust. Chicago
M C Dreshfleld, NT H T Corbin. Ohio
C M Mills, Chicago J Tapley&w, \* «-,,
A Ferbas, S Jose W Montgomery &*•_«*■*
MiBS Grigsby, Sacto Geo R Stewart Camaa
W S Tinning, Martinez E A Soper. Cai
F W Greider, Cal W V Woods, Facto
G W Chandler. S Cruz J A Whit more. <-ai
L Maddock, Stktn R B Butter, Fresno
J T Watt, Cal G A McElfresh. L Ang
T Bohan, Sacto P Rathbone&w. C ngo
J A Sheehan. Sacto F J Wilder, Boston
Miss I Glover. S Diego C N Buck. Butte
Mrs A C Ness. Boston Chas Erlkson. cal
F E McCollen. Salina Dan Harris. Stockton
H E Whitney, Chicago F R Hartley Auburn
Mrs G Whipple. LA H Howard, st ' icl *'" n
Miss Whipple, L Ang W C Waters, Salina
J C Biddle, Hanford J W Woods, <?»>
J S Reef. Leadville J Brown &w, c °™*_
Miss Gamble. Pasadena D Anderson&w, » " os *
S McDonald, Spokane H R Hitchcock, cai
J L Price. Spokane H Pennell. S Barbara
Alex Dunbar, NY CJP Hull, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
A F Halpin. U S N |H Simpson. SanD'sn
Mrs C H Nickels. USN F N Kneeland&w.Maas
C N Herrlck. USN A B .-oleman Martin*
C H Smith, Jamestown W E Webb. San Diego
A A Keith. Dublin Mr & Mrs Goode. Frsn
Mrs A Wilson. S Rafl M T Baraseh. B C
R T Senter. Ohio B C Silver. Montreal
J Lavery. S Barbara C V Scott. GaR
Mr & Mrs Lawton, J H Holcombe L fc> N
Cheshire C A Baldwin, S Clara
J McNaupht, N V (Mrs Baldwin. S Clara
H Morgan. Seattle I Mrs J C Dean. Ind
.T H Black, Portland A B Cohen. Mo
J H Klnkead. Nev E A Bower. Pa
T Flint Jr. San Juan |A Anderson. Sutsun
S N Rucker, San JoseiJ M Rherrerd, -N J
BALDWIN HOTEL.
R S Satterlle. NY R Jameson, Victoria
J C Smith, Petaluma Wm. Duncan, snel.lng
F L Carpenter, City Ferris Hartman, l* i
M S Felnberg, City Geo Bowles. N x
C A Fitzgerald.Quartz L Bason, City
N S Clark, Detroit J D Fredericks. L A
E Meyer &w, Napa S F Mark?, Uty
F Satley, Ventura 8 Twanowitrh&w ,lll
C T Anderson, Pa H D Bell. Mansfield, O
J J Quinr., City C B Pratt, Omaha
P BaghenaAw, S Cruz H Gilbert Coyle, N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H W Evans, Ky W G Grerory.Los Ang
W B Ayres. Walnut GjMrs S Martin & s. O
E J Wallace. Ariz Imlss C Cochran. lowa
J R Freeman. Nev Miss C Rector lowa
C Mathews. Reno E E Phillips. Los Ang
J Peterson, Vallejo J Putnam & s btocK
C M Ross, Seattle J H Smith, Colo
M Jacobs. Los Ang |A R Welton. Stockton
C P Powers. Rio Vista R S Van Denson & w.
C Titus. Los Angeles Albany, N i
C M RuKg.es, Los Ang Mrs Rickets & d. I
MEETING NOTICES^
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and •.'
a. M.- Meeting THIS (WEDNES- ~J\-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:W o'clock; J^X
toinl c't-RTfe i ■ ' ~
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. •
M.— Called meeting THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock; first XJ?
degree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. / V
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. •
M.— Second degree THIS EVENING, _J\_
May 18*. at 7:30 o'clock. By order of )\J\
the Master. H. FORTRIEDE, Sec. f^F J
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A- •
Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _J\_
DAY) EVENING, May IS, at 7:30 TClf
o'clock. Second degree. • ■ f^F '
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Encampment No. 1. I. ~. —
O. O. F. — Members are requested to yr^
meet in Encampment Hall WEDNES- S\^
DAY, May 18. at 1:30 p. m., to attend V
funeral of Patriarch G. W. FAIRCHILD.
-i W. I. CROSSETT. Chief Patriarch.
WESTERN Addition Lodge No. -ss&mUa*
285. 1. O. O. F.. will have initla-
tlon at the next regular meeting JL!!J l JwPs5? r
on THURSDAY EVENING. May 5
19; also nomination of officers for ensuing
term. JOHN H. GRAY, N.G. !
WILLIAM F. LEE, Financial Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O. <s s&t££?yr
O. F.— Officers and members will =§*yr2**X^
meet in Memorial Hall on WED- =r?<S*?T
NESDAY. May 18, at 1:30 p. m., -«WW*""
to attend the funeral of Brother G. W.
FAIRCHILD. C. E. POST, N. O.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- n
cisco Bricklayers' Association will be |l
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- ,*■,
ING, May 18. IS9S, at B'nai B'rlth 4§?f
Hall. 121 Eddy st., at 8 o'clock. A full }£«!
attendance requested. Business of Im- * IT*
portance. ED. J. BRANDON. Pres. ■
COURT Occidental No. 6676, A. O. F.—^iu^^
Officers and members are notified to <L*f[
attend funeral of our late Brother Jt\
THOMAS GRIFFITHS, from • under- ■* ->
taking parlors 2666 Mission St., at 1:30 p m
THURSDAY. May 19. Interment Mount
. Olivet Cemetery. By order
_^ J. T. VINAL. C. R.
S. F. TEMPLE No. 11, Rathbon Sisters—
cers and members will meet at - Pythian
Castle. 909 Market st. THURSDAY, at 1:30
p. m., to attend the funeral of our late sis-
ter, MRS. JESSIE MARSHALL.
MRS. I. M. BROOK, M. E. C.
MRS. EMMA SCHOFFIELD, M. of R. & C.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at 327 Market ''
st., San Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the !
23d day of May, 1898. at the hour of 3 p. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of dl- >
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the '
transaction of such other business as may |
come before the meeting. Tranfer books will j
close on Friday. May 13. IB9S, at 2 p. m.
•HAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco. Cat
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. . . .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
B/D tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery «t.. room 6: tel. 56W.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer. 1505
Market St., cor. Eighth, room 98, second floor.
MISS L. Dean. Hi? Market, parlor* 11 and 12.
Turkish Baths and massage treatment.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans ;
baths and massage. 1118 Market St.. rm. 8.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15Vi Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 16-16.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1, 147 Powell st.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1. Hart-
mann Paint Co., 343 Third st. and 2SOS, 24th.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer and vapor
baths. 116 A Grant aye., room 17.
MME. rl-^NSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor »t.
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120^4 Geary st., room 11.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage batbs. 122
Post st., room 10. second floor front.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Batha.
massage: assistants. 29 Grant aye.. room 6,
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Nntice^Dlvtdend No. 81 (flfty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St., on and after
Wednesday, June 1, 1898. Transfer books
will close on Thursday, May 26, 1898. at 3
o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 55 (fifty
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St., on and
after Friday. May 20. 1898. Transfer books
will close on Saturday, May 14, 189S, at 12
o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 3 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German woman, with a girl 5
years old, desires situation; good cook and
housekeeper; best of reference; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COMPETENT French nurse and second girl
desires situation; best references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NEAT young Norwegian girl desires situation
at housework or as nurse, $10 to $15: refer-
ences; city or country. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
LADIES desiring first-class help of all na-
tionalities can be suited by calling on or ad-
dressing MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter St.;
phone Grant 120.
YOUNG Swedish girl to assist In housework.
$10, strong and willing. Apply MRS. NOR-
TON, 323 Sutter; tel. Green 721.
A NEAT German houseeirl, first-class cook
and houseworker; best references; city or
country. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
ENGLISH waitress, or second girl, best of ref-
erence, desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter at.
AT the German employment office of MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell st., tel. Main f.332. a
number of flrst-class girls await positions.
RELIABLE Protestant woman wants a situa-
tion in an American family; good cook and
laundress; city rpferences; general house-
work. Call or address 41 Ford st., off Noe,
near Eighteenth.
NEAT willing girl wishes position to do sec-
ond work or take care of children; willing to
go to country; references. Call at 1120 A
Golden Gate aye.
WOMAN In great need of work, will do wash-
Ing, house cleaning, plain sewing or any kind
of work by the day. Apply SUtera of Holy
Family. Hayes, near Polk.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do
second work and wait on table; best of ref-
erences. Please call or address 348 Hayes st.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation on small
ranch or work by the day In city; 10 years"
reference. 228 Minna.
GERMAN girt wants situation at housework
and cooking, small German family. Apply
68A Converse st., bet. Bth and 9th; off Bryant.
CAPABLE young woman wishes, chamberwork
or housework; whole or part of day; small
wages ; sleep home. Box 4675. Call office.
REFINED young lady is desirous of obtaining
a position as companion to an elderly lady or
invalid. Please call at 445 OTarrell st.
STRONG girl lately from country wishes sit-
uation in a nice family to do general house-
work. Inquire butcher shop cor. Muson and
Union.
RELIABLE woman wants situation to do gen-
eral housework, is good cook; city or country.
10 Stockton place, bet. Stockton &t and
Grant aye.
YOUNG girl would like situation to assist In
llp.h' housework. 37f.3 Twenty-fourth st.
GERMAN woman wishes a place as cook In
boarding house or lunch house, or any kind
of work. Call at 101 Sacramento, cor. Drumm.
YOUNG German girl (Just arrived) wishes sit-
uation In a small German family, for gen-
eral housework. 418 Vi Brannan.
WOMAN wants a place to do general house-
work; $12 per month. 264V4 Tehama.
RELIABLE elderly woman wishes to secure
■work in small family; will care for invalid
or children; city or country. Call or send to
MRRJCERR, 1231 Market St., near Ninth.
WANTED— By a competent Eastern woman to
do fine American cooking or as a working
housekeeper and cook; city or country. Ad-
ilr--Hs W., tor Washington and M intgomwy
YOUNG woman w.,uld like to do light house-
work, or take care of children; no objection
to country. Call at 454 Church St., from 9 to 5.
WOMAN wants washing or housecleanlng by
the day. Please call at 614 Birch aye, cor.
Buchanan st.
GERMAN woman, a good reliable cook, wishes
a place In lunch house or boarding house. In
the city. 1218 Folsom st.
GERMAN woman wishes work In hotel or
restaurant; chamber work or cooking. MRS.
D., 220 Montgomery aye.
COMPETENT American cook and baker, would
do some fine washing, city or country; ranch
preferred; wages $12 to $15. 129 Third.
YOUNG girl would like to do housework and
help take care of baby. Call or address 438
Fourteenth St.; sleep home.
WOMAN to go out by the day, washing and
Ironing; $1 per day. 362 Grove St., nr. Gough.
GOOD woman wants laundry or housework by
day or week; 1b good washer and lroner. Call
or address 406"4 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper by mid-
dle-aged German lady; city or country. Call
or address 1821 Mason St.
V' H'N'G woman wishes position as a first-class
cook; city or country. 83 Clementina st.nr. 2d.
WANTED— Work by the day or at home, by
experienced dressmaker, late of Los Angeles;
references furnished. 517 Castro st.
WANTED— Chamber work or care of invalid
lady, between the hours of S a. m. and 6 p.
m. Box 4687. Call office.
RELIABLE elderly woman wants a position In
a small family to do light housework; would
make herself useful. Box 4690, Call office.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements; $1 50 per
day; suits made in 2 days; good fitter. ' Ad-
dress 36 Lexington aye.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation; plain cooking
or housework; $20; last place two years. 890
Noe, near 22d. Take Castro st. or Mission gt.
cars. . ■ '
| DRESSMAKER, good fitter, would like to go
out by the day; terms $1 50 per day; refer-
ences. Call 505 Jones st.
YOUNG woman with healthy breast milk
wishes an infant to nurse; references. 326
Thirteenth St.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as governess;
has had experience In teaching; special
course in English. MISS L., 1232 Valencia St.
YOUNG German woman wishes general house-
work by the day; 10 years' experience. 810
Lagiina st.
WANTED — Situation as traveling companion
by a capable and pleasing young woman.
Address .'.?.:: Thirty-fifth st., Oakland, Cal.
FRENCH laundress wants work by the day;
city or Oakland. Call or address L. V., 1358
Seventeenth St., Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation In
city or country; good cook and laundress;
wishes work right away. 737 Howard st., r 14.
RELIABLE woman would like sewing to do
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON, 1907 Harri-
son Et. '*'~. ■-■:•; . •"■•- ■•" - - ■••■ ■"
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
COOKS, bakers, waiters, porters, kitchen help;
barkeepers' headquarters. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. ; telephone Grant 185.
THOROUGHLY reliable German man and wife
desire situations, best reierenoe»;un(li-rstan<ls
ranch work or any other work. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. '
'• CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay »t.
ENGINE driver and fitter, German, single,
wants situation; good references. Address
M. FRIEDRICH. 142 Eighth st.
JAPANESE housecleaner wants few more en-
gagements to work by the day or week.
SANTARO, 602 Leavenworth St.
WANTED— By a steady, reliable man, situation
at any kind of employment; wages no object.
Address F. GREENFIELD, 220 Third St.,
room 01, or call between 2 and 5 p. m.
MAN wishes a situation as watchman or tak-
ing care of horses. Address box 4710, Call.
WANTED— Position by experienced hotel book-
keeper, gentleman; has held positions in lead-
ing Eastern hotels. Box 4674, Call office.
EXPERT oyster opener wishes position. Ad-
dress IKO7 California Ft.
GARDENER— A first-class gardener, with good
references, wishes a steady situation. Ad-
dress Gardener, box 4666, Call office.
ENGLISH gardener wishes gardening or me-
chanical work: pumping, steam or gas en-
gines; good references; 3 years in last place.
Box 4669. Call office.
STEADY middle-aged German wants position;
is familiar with horses; good gardener; can
make himself useful at anything; good refer-
ences. Address W., ls> Fourth st.
YOUNG man with more ability than luck de-
sires employment: excellent references. Ad-
dress C. X., branch office Call, 615 Larkin.
JAPANESE young boy wants a situation as
school boy. P. TOM, 521 Jessie st.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man as
man about place or car? for place during
owner's absence. Box 4699. Call office.
SITUATION to do plain cooking or will work
as gardener or watchman. Address 30 Han-
nah st.. Oakland.
GARDENER. German, middle-aged, practical
in all branches", is a good worker, wishes per-
manent situation in private family; can
milk If required; references. Box 4658. Call.
GARDENER and coachman wants position;
good horseman; careful driver; understands
pleasure grounds, greenhouses, poultry, gas
engine, milking; good carpenter; city refer-
ences. G. C box 4689, Call office.
STEADY, reliable and well recommended man
wishes position of any kind; holds license as
mate and pilot on steamer: can run small
steamer or gasoline boat. Address H., 7 Cali-
fornia aye.
ENGINEER, pipefitter and diver wants work.
Address box 4695, Call office.
TENOR soloist wishes church position; good
reader; state church and salary. H., box
4697, Call office.
YOUNG man desires employment as book-
keeper, clerk or collector; has experience as
bookkeeper; best of references. Box 4698,
Call office.
COACHMAN and general man wants position;
thorough horseman; good driver; understands
gardening, farming and raising of poultry;
single; best references. Box 4696, Call office.
ACTIVE elderly man wants situation of some
kind; is a good plain cook; city or country.
Box 4632. Call office.
CHEF from Boston with 20 years' experience
and strictly temperate desires engagement
for the season in a flrst-class hotel or club;
if not satisfactory will charge nothing as
trial. Address box 4676, Call office.
GOOD watchmaker and Jeweler, recently from
France, wishes a situation in a shop or
store. Address E. C, 614 Bush st.
SITUATION wanted by elderly man around
place; understands care of horses; good
driver; can milk and do garden work; good
references. Address box 4610, Call office.
AN experienced miner and assayer wants posi-
tion; has own assay outfit and transit: thor-
oughly understands gold mining, handling of
powder, tools and men; ref. L. S., 246 Dore.
JAPANESE, clean faithful boy wants situa-
tion as schoolboy, to wait on table and do
general help in good place. GEO. YAMA,
201 6th st.
SITUATION wanted as coachman by experi-
enced man; good references. C. F., Call of-
fice, Oakland.
JAPANESE couple want situations: man good
cook; wife any kind of work; good refer-
ences. Address J. J., room 46, Park Hotel,
cor. Park at. and Encinal aye., Aiameda.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
HEAD waitress, commercial hotel, $40; head
waitress, summer resort, $25; waitress, $20,
and chambermaid to wait, $18, same ylace:
waitress, small place, $15. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
A NURSERY governess for first-class family
In country, who understands music; one
who speaks German preferred; (see party here
9 a. m.); $25 and an excellent home. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN cook. $25: Scandinavian girl, $25.
nice place; 15 housegtrls, $20, city and coun-
try; 20 girls to assist, etc., $15 to $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary M.
A LAUNDRESS. $25; seamstress and wait.
$26; 15 housework girls, city and country, $20
and $25; 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, $20; refined second girl, $20 and
found. MISS "CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a chitd as working house-
keeper, $10. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, sleep home, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COOK $5 per week, small restaurant: second
cook, same place, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
REFINED governess, must understand either
music or German or French, and teach Eng-
lish lessons, $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
COOK and laundress, same house, $35 and $25.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
HOUSEGIRL, two in family. $20: two house-
girls, $25 each. MRS. NORTON, 32: i Sutter.
RANCH cook, *►■>> lady here, $20 to $20. MRS.
NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
YOUNG girl to assist. $10. no cooking; second
girl $15: women to wash dishes, $15; must
sleep home. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
WAITRESS and sewing, $25; 3 German and
Scandinavian second girls, $20; Protestant
cook, plain wash, $25: 2 nurses, $2(»: waitress,
country hotel, $20; ranch cook, {15; and girls
for houspwork in city and country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st
WOMAN, cook and plain wash, ranch Santa
Clara Co.. $20: young girl, housework, Wal-
nut Grove, $15; waitress, country hotel, $20;
girl for general work, plain hotel, $15. MUR-
RAY & READY, 631-636 Clay.
RESIDENT governess; English and music;
for city. Particulars 313 Bush st.
LADY'S companion; experienced saleslady:
lady office manager; to-day. 313 But>- st.
TYPEWRITER in law office; lady In real es-
tate and insurance; to-day. 313 Bush st.
8 LADY office managers; laundry forelady,
$40; cashier. 313 Bush St.
CHAMBERMAIDS, city hotel; .aundry marker,
capable of taking charge. 1023 Market st.
TEN good, reliable girls, wages $25 to $30. at
once. 1023 Market st.
GOVERNESS, speaking French, care of boy 5
years. 1023 Market St.
'. GIRLS of all nationalities to fill various posi-
tions. German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT. 417 Powell st.
COOK $30; 2 second girls, $20: waitress. $25:
10 girls for housework. MISS HIRD, 831
Larkin st.
FRENCH nursegirl for baby from 8:30 in the
morning until 6 at night; references required.
ALMA E. KEITH, 808 Market St.
FEMALE— First-class pants finisher. 20 Ellis
6t., room 2. I
j WANTED— GIri to work In restaurant. 119 j
Drumm at. j
i GIRL to work in family of two; wages $10 to !
$12. Call at 664 Fell jst.
WANTED— Experienced waitress and seam-
stress; city references required. Call at 2319 :
Buchanan st. to-day (Wednesday) from 9 to
12 and 4 to 6. I
COLORED plrl for light housework, plain
cooking; wages $10. Address M., box 4«72,
Call office.
GIRL or woman for housework; 2 in family;
tfij to $12. Call mornings, 2050 Ellis. j
STRONG young girl, housework, and to assist i
cooking; wages $12. 2522 Pine.
GERMAN girl for housework; to sleep home.
Apply at 92] McAllister, between 8 and 10.
GOOD operator on fine vests: none but above '
need apply. 410\» Natoma St. ODEA.
GOOD finisher on pants. 734 Montgomery, ;
! room 1.
WAXTED — A neat young woman for general \
housework; sleep home. Call between 1 and
! 3, 515 A Haight St. !
WAXTED — A German lady who speaks Eng-
lish, for light wnrk and cooking, $10 to
i $12 per mo. 402 Pacific st. French Bakery.
FIXSHER on coats, steadywork; call early. 927
Market St., room 219.
WAXTED — Young girl to assist with general
housework. 2415 Sacramento st.
EXPERIENCED infant's nurse. Protestant.
must have cltv references. Call bet. 10 and
1 o'clock at 601 Stockton st., cor. Tine.
RESPECTABLE girl or woman, good to chil-
dren; light washing and housework: Scan-
dinavian preferred. Call at restaurant, 118 A
Ellis st.
GOOD middle-aged lady, good home. Call
after 12 o'clock, 720 California, near Stockton.
WANTED— Good elderly lady, good home, no
housework. 48 Oak st. ' •
GIRL wanted for general housework at 912 Mc-
Allister st. Call after 7;30 a. m.
WANTED— lmmediately, lady canvassers; Al
article. 1220 Thirty-fourth St., Oakland.
A FIRST-CLASS operator on pants. Apply at
once, room S. Enquirer bldg., Oakland.
WANTED — A neat girl for housework. 1542
McAllister St.; call between 10 and 12.
THOROUGHLY competent girl for general
housework; very small family. Address box
4681, Call office.
WANTED— First-class corset saleswoman for
Sacramento. Apply 523 Market St., room 7,
from 2 to 3 p. m.
WANTED— A young girl to take care of a
baby afternoons and evenings. MRS. SHEAN.
Golden West Hotel.
GIRL for small restaurant; living out girl pre-
ferred. 1941 Market St.
MANAGING housekeeper for doctor's residence.
1023 Market st.
GERMAN girl, cooking and general housework,
with German family. 3216 Jackson st.
WANTED— A firft-class finisher on custom
coats; pay good wages. 626 Minna st.
PROTESTANT woman for country; 2 in fam-
ily. 303 Castro St., cor. Sixteenth.
LEARN dressma. ng and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser, also girls to learn.
MME DELLA FAUST, 240 Stockton, near ;
Post.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper; state experience and
salary expected. Address W. F., box 05, Call.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, vis Market
St.: monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
»<INTH. 167— Branch office of Ti.e Call; sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
■ Call. . Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. .■ ■- " ■ "■■•' :.■.•■'.■"■.- . . ..-.-.■•; .
HELP WANTED— MALE. , ;
MEAT and pastry cook, country hotel, $60;
third cook, $50 second , cook, : $7 a • week; : sa-
loon lunch cook, $8 a week; short -order cook,
$35 '_ . , .-. , ~
1 coachman, city, $25
15 tiemaker.-i, 10c; 12 woodchoppers, $125;
sash and door machine man, $3 a day; win-
:.' dow-frame maker. $3 a day; both for Ore-
gon. C. R. J TANS lON & CO., 104 Geary st.
95 VWOODCHOPPERS for different = places; 36
tiemakers '. for different places. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay . St., . Leading . Em-
. ployment : Agents.
9 MORE men $2 50 a day
"Wanted for the great mines and smelters;
call early. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st. ■■■■;:/ ■"-'':::' ■ ■'■.- ■■ ■■>. .v.'i I .'-^'-'*':
4 STABLEMEN, .. city and country . Jobs. $35,
$25 and $20 per mo. and found; 6 farm hands
for : different places; vegetable 'gardener; 20
laborers, city Jobs; partner lor a blacksmith
: shop; ■••■ blacksmith ;'• to ' < run country ■•• shop.
: MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
9 COOKS - — — — — — — — — 5 waiters
4 dishwashers "- — '- ; 2 choremen
Dry goods clerk "— — — grocery clerk
for country ;; — — — for country
Grocery clerk for city store. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. ' >.:
MINERS : — — — -— mlnerß- < miners
• 25 gravel miners for a gravel mine, $2.50 day.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents.634 and 636 Clay Bt. .;: :. ■' '. •. • '■-■
NEW i work :"- — — ' " * ■■■ — -520 men
To cut brush and do any other laboring work;
$20 per mo. and . found; fare 25c: for a great
San Francisco corporation; call early: no ex-
perience required on this Job- MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. .= : ' : :
ANOTHER g l"^\. m } ne
Wants us to secure for them 25 good laboring
men; no experience required; $2 oO and X 10
day; call early and get full particulars from
MURRAY ft READY, 634 and 636 clay St.,
Leading Employment Agents.
MAN" to contract to cut SOO cords of tanbark
and cut wood, Sonoma County. R. T. WARD
& CO., 608-610 Clay st.
COOK, country boardlng-housa. $80; cook. $60;
waiter, $25; cellarman for vineyard; wood-
chopper on shares: coal miners. R. T. WARD
& CO., 608-610 Clay at.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Assayer for mine, $2 50 a day;
laundryman and wife for institution. $60; 8
miners. $2 50 a day, see boss in city: 20 la-
borers for country, $1 73 a day; German bar-
keeper, $13 a week. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Butler for family, $30; cook. $30;
your.g man as second cook, $6 a week ; night
cook. $7 a week. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _
CO., 628 Sacramento St.
MAN and wife, chophouse, country, mining
town, as cook and waiter, $35; easy Job.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
GERMAN man for cnmmon farm and vine-
yard. $15 and found; easy place. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 SuttPr st. _>
AN elderly man to do chores, $12 per month;
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
MILKER, country, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WAITER for restaurant, $6 week: old man for
country, $10 month. MRS. NORTON. 323
Sutter st.
WANTED— Oyster cook, $40 to $50; second cook,
$7 a week; cook. $30; 2 waiters, country, $20;
vegetable man. $20; dishwasher, $20; 2 butlers,
$40 and $30; French gardener, $30, etc. AN-
DRE'?, 316 Stockton st.
BOOKKEEPERS, traveling salesmen offlca
clerks, timekeepers and drivers flnd posi-
tions. 313 Bush.
HOTEL clerk, coast experiences ; assistant
bookkeeper, city references; grocery clerk.
313 Bush Bt.
WANTED— A blacksmith who can do wheel-
wright work. Apply at the office of the
BELVEDERE LAND CO.. Belvedere.
50 HOUSE carpenters and 50 joiners wanted
by FULTON IRON WORKS. 15 First St.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
CYLINDER press feeder. R. R. PATTERSON,
429 Montgomery' st.
WANTED— Rushelman. 392 Geary Bt.
WANTED— A first-class waiter. Manhattan
House, 525 Battery st.
WANTED— A tailor and presser on coats. 1044
Howard st.
POSITION open to party who can loan QOOw
Box 4667, Call office. _
SHOEMAKER boy wanted: must know sho«
repairing, ("all at 871 Market st.
EXPERIENCED shoemaker on custom workl
hand sewed. 234 Turk st.
GOOD shoemaker on roi>airing. 4102 Nine-
teenth St.. near Castro.-
FIRST-CLASS prpsser wanted on custom coatas
steady work. 239 Fifth st.
$75 — For sale, 3 chairs, 15c barber shop at 911
Seventh st #  Oakland.
YOUNG, abie-bodied men desiring to join
volunteer cavalry, call on J. L. WALLER,
33 Grant aye.: good horsemen preferred:
hours, S to 9:30 a. m.
WAXTED — First-class bookkeeper; give ref-
erences and wages expected. Address box
4634. Call office.
WANTED— RetaiI salesman: one familiar with
grocery or crockery business; give references
and wages expected. Box 4633. Call office.
IMMEDIATELY, an Al laily superintendent:
must eventually take entire charge; state
age and business experience. Box 4652, Call.
WANTED— A custom tailor, to work Inside.
935 Market, room 12.
WANTEI>-<;o..d hustling nan to introduce new
article among storekeepers and stablemen of
San Francisco and every city and town of
California and surrounding states; live man
can earn $S to $10 a day; no competition. Ad-
dress with stamp, American Manufacturing
Co.. 434 Race St., Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED Y<iuner man v solicitor for retail
liquor business: steady position for good
worker. Box 4721, Call office.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for"
Alaska. Puget Sound. M°xtrn. etc. ; apply
Mariners' Home. W., W. LANE. 504 Davis st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages oC
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of tha
United States, or thnse who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
twpen 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In haight. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office 20 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Berrinrd. Sec. 104 7th; tel. South 828.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMANS, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 larg*
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 8.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye. , tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764 Vi Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c 25c Der
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to fl
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sta.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and)
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand sboea
half price; half-soling, 35c. 959 Howard St.
MEN to learn barber trade In elyht weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 138* Eighth st. |
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:39
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted — Murat Halstead's great waj
book. "Our Country In War"; all about
armies, navies, coast defenses. Maine disas-
ter, Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
forc-ign nations; nearly fW> pages; all written
since Maine disaster; macnificnt colored il-
lustrations: agents making Sin to J39 ncr day;
no experience necessary: liberal terms: 20
days' "credit: price low; freight paid; outfit
f rf > c: send 9 2-c stamps to pay postatre Edu-
cational Union, 324 Dearborn st.. Chicago.
WANTED— Agent to sell teas and coffees oa
commission. 203 Fourth St. |
LADIES and gentlemen to solicit for the Co-
onerative Sick Aid Society. Apply at room
20. 21 Powell st.. bet. 1 and 4 p. m.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED by responsible — Furnished;
• cottage or flat of 4 or 5 rooms, with yard
preferred: state price, which must reasonable. j
Box 4701. - Call office. ■ ;'-'---:.l:; '-'--- : .l:
i , -^
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— 2 or 3 rooms for mother and son:
corner house and top . floor. Box 4677. Call.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Room with breakfast and dinners .
no other roomers; about $15; full particulars.;
Address box 4670. Call office. __^^^ mmmmm^'-
FURNITURE WANTED.
! INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
i gomery ft.: highest prices paid. Tel 'avis 71.
;! ==^- '~~ J '
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS. . .
i "WANTED— engines, any power. Box 4671.
j Call office. - ' '■- *■"•:■■
PAWNBROKER — Old gold, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLF.MAN. 41 Thinly
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning "Works; clean*,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mjf.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250. .
WHFN you become disgusted with 'poor worlß
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet- 1
Beating "Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. . 40. [
j MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co., 463 1
Stevenson gt., tel. S 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per, yard: relald at Sc,
STRATTON, 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
OPEAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleanlnjr
Works, 14 Bth st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
j E MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14tl»
"st.: cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74. '■•■- I
j WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat- '<
ing, alteration wks, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.i
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating "Works, 333 Goldea
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office wf The ■ Call.
'■■■. Subscriptions and ads taken. -
LOST.
LOST— Between 522 Sutter st. and Newman &
Levinson's. pair gold eyeglasses and chain;
suitable reward. 1710H Sacramento st.
LOST — A brindle greyhound puppy bitch. Re-
turn to J. O'SHEA, 178 Vermont St., and re-
ceive reward.
LOST— A ladles' small gold watch, old fash-
ioned dial and horse engraved on back. Reward
If returned to J. A. Wright, 212 Sansoms, or
2222 Washington St.
FOUND.
FOUND— Pointer bitch. J. PETERS, Ntn*~
I t««ntb and Sbotwtll st*.BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s3oo: saloon, 2 doors from Montgomery Bt".,
average daily receipts $12; rent $23. Inquire
WILKE, 7;..! Market- st.
$860— SALOON und lunch house; close to and
patronized by the largest brewery of this
city; doing a rushing business; good stock
and rare business opening. WILKE, 783
Market st.
$400— SALOON; flrst-class "business; close to
l'helan building; a bargain. See WILKE.
"v Market st.
A— s36o; RESTAURANT, opposite cable house;
transfer corner: good business; cheap rent.
WILKE. 753 Market st.
A— s3so; BATH house, with 10 bath tubs; 8 fur-
nished rooms; rent $42; close to Kearny St.;
kept by owner for years; a flrst-class busi-
ness opening for the right party. WILKE,
7^3 Market st.
$200— RESTAURANT: receipts $30 daily; must
be sold. MoLAUC.HLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$360— SALOON and lunch house, going to Alas-
ka. MeLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$45tH)— GOOD-PAYING business, clearing from
ti $300 per month; fullest investigation
invited; owner leaving city cause of sale.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$400— PHOTOG APHIC business In prosperous
country (owr bargain; on account of sick-
ness. MeLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$650— COUNTRY store, saloon and dwelling;
hall in second story; large lot; worth $2000;'
no opposition; satisfactory reasons for sell-
Ing. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$2500— SALOON, country mining town; 2. stores.
2 cottages. 7 lots; hair price; owner compelled
to go East. MeLAUGHLIN. 23 Keary st.
$250— CIGAR store on Market St., In the heart
of city. M. LESS, Market st.
$300— CORNER grocery, on Montgomery st. ;
billiard table included; living rooms; selling
on account of death in family. M. LESS, 765
Market.
$400— RESTAURANT; few doors north of Mar-
ket st.; old established; receipts $25 to $30 per
day: a money-making place. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
CORNER grocery 'and bar, -4 rooms and
bath, in Western Addition: established 20
years: big bar trade; well worth »2500; selling
on account of sickness. M. LESS & CO., 765
Market ft.
CORNER grocery and bar in the Mission;
6 living roomsr- proprietor owns building;
cheap rent; long lease. M. LESS &. CO., 765
Market st.
J150: CIGAR store, few doors off Market;
splendid location; must sell. M. LESS, 763
Market st.
a [CREDO & CO.. Successful Brokers. 22V2
Geary nt. Miscellaneous business chanceß.
$;:00— Stationery, books. Call and laundry office..
-Photograph gallery: oldest on coast.
$Soo— Delicacy; fine corner, with living rooms.
$400— Home bakery: 3 barrels dally; rooms.
$000— Restaurant and furnished flat; $20 dally.
$400— BEST shooting gallery: cigar stand pays
rent; clears $150. KRIjDO & CO.. 22^ Geary.
A— sl2s; BRANCH bakery, butter, eggs;flne liv-
ing rooms; dally receipts $10. KRKDO & CO..
22 hi Geary st. . ■ '
GROCERY store for sale; established business
of 20 years; does $4000 monthly business on a
J.'.COO stock: best of reasons for selling.
Livery stable for sale; carriages, buggies,
hacks and horses; good paying J>usw:ee&» pr'ce
SGOOQ: terms to suit
Yurlet'-. iiu.e i\>r sale: good stock and loca-
tion: i. bargain; price $1200. -
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 403 Examiner bldg.
H ■ aod variety store; pays
well; fur. livins rnu. STRAND, :'4' 2 Third.
tLOON; beat location in city; pood busi-
ftne living rooms. STRAND. 24^ Third.
| . . : : i chop house, opposite the
ferries; offer wind this wk. STRAND, 24^ 3d.
ANTED; a steady man as partner In a
lass liquor store, doing a large trade;
will invoice $:«V); object in getting part-
ner is to do a Jobbing business; you are sure
In this case to be connected with a reliable
business man. HEALY. i'l7 Market.
RNER grocery and bar; without
: the besl business corners.
F.irtner wanted; commission business.
Saloon; old-established: good corner,
and other bargains In saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANI'EKSON & CO.. 777 Market.
$150; GROCERY and bar. worth twice the
stock and trade; must
sell. I'acirtc Exchange, 995 Market st.
GROCERY, bar. stationery, notions; 4
rooms; rent $15; fully $600 worth in sight;
owner there 6 years; must be sold at once;
no agents; save commission. Address box
4C6S, Call office.
THOROUGH cook and experienced restaurant
man with a complete and entirely new outfit
wants lady partner with $250 to take half In-
terest and act as cashier and manager. Box
4665. Call office.
PROMINENT plumbirg business for sale; es-
tablished 12 years on principal business
street; price asked Is all In stock;, good rea- j
son for. selling. Box 1712, "Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS restaurant on Market St., \
sold cl.cap If taken this week. E. & J. GE TZ. I
107 Sixth st. ■ i
Fuii SALE— Saloon. 211 Kearny; fitted up hrst-
class and doing a good paying business. Call
Alii see it.
CORNER saloon, good location: on account of
other business; at a low price. Albany Brew-
ery.
PARTNER wanted to buy half interest In best
located restaurant. 235 O'Farrell.
SALOON. 525Vb Sansome St., near postofflce;
sickness cause of selling.
-.KICE corner saloon at a bargain; must sell
' this wwk. 400 McAllister st.
FOR — Bakery and notion store cheap.
A. P.. box 12. Call office.
A RARE chance for Investment In Oakland;
first-class restaurant for sale, clearing $250
per month: same owners S years; positively
no opposition near; place located on junction
of best two streets; cheap rent; reason for
filing, owners leaving for Europe. M. L.
WURTS, 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale cheap; free
from all debt; good prices: central location.
For particulars Inquire 518 Kearny st.
$350 — PARTNER wanted In first-class saloon;
bargain. Call for particulars between 2 and 4
p. in., room 596 Emporium building. . j
$135 — A SNAP; line cigar store for sale; good
location: One stock; low rent; free light.
63 McAllisftr ft., near City Hall.
RESTAURANT for sale; best location in Oak-
land; owner lias other business. K. D., box 4,
Call. Oakland.
THE best paying cigar and fruit stand in the
city for sale cheap. Apply at Call office,
FOR sale— A good oyster house. 307 Grant
avenue.
BARBER shop for sale; paying. Inquire at
li ' 3 Eddy »t.
ANY one who has from $5000 to $25,000 to la-
vest in the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on the Pacific Coast will find it to
their interest to write for particulars to
R. W. SWEET. Kirkwood, Cal.
FOR sale — A well-established corner saloon;
Weil stocked; on principal street south of
Market; price $1100; Investigate; no agents;
8 yrs. In same place. H. M., box 818, Call.
FOR sale— Restaurant; bargain; receipts $40 to
$50 per. day; rent. $22 50; mutt sell; disagree-
ment of partners; a chance of a lifetime. 207
Second at. - . ■
GOOD paying business for sale; center of city;
price $3000, or will exchange for a farm. Box
Mil, Call office.
FOR sale— Home bak«ry; good paying business:
established years; 6 fine rooms. 1913 Howard.
SACRIFICE— Fine corner saloon; 4 nice living
rooms; rent $20. . 331 Sixth st.
SALOON and lunch place wants partner; Ital-
ian preferred; $200 cash required; no agents.
Call at 32f3 Mission at. . ;
FOR sale— Call' route at Santa Crux. • Apply at
Call business office or to J. H. MOON, Santa
Cruz.
FOR SALE— Good newspaper route in this
city. Apply at this office. • ■
SALOON for sale cheap. Apply at 236 Third
street. . . "■..-. .'.-.-■.
FOR SALE— CaII route at San Jose; for par-
tlculare apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE. San Jose.
PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman, as
cashier; good-paying restaurant on Mont-
gomery st. Box 2156, Call.
CORNER grocery and bar, living rooms, for
gale; Investigate. 117 Fillmore it.
$550— FOR sale, a grocery and bar. For par-
ticulars call at Washington Brewery.
I GOOD mining claims for $5000; would ex-
change. Room 102, Grand Hotel.
PI'MMER resort and beer garden to sell or
r»nt. MRS. BOEKELMAXX, Lorln. Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
VV. r-ASWKLL & CO.'S. 41' Sacramento at.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR Sale— Cheap; office fixtures, counters,
desks, glass partitions, safe, etc., at 138
Montgomery st.
FURNITURE of 5 rooms for sale; ali hard
wood; no agents. 180 Seventh st.
FURNITURE of fiat of 5 rooms for sale. 107
P..lk Et.
ATTORNEYS AT L-..W.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. \V. DAVIDSON, 827 Market st.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1208 llaxket; diseases of women a specialty.
PERSONALS.
M— WATCH number 27,958; don't know other
number. Address MRS. DEVIN, 704 Ellis st.
BUSINESS AERSONALS.
COSTLESS clothes— Clothes made to order:
clothes that fit; clothes that Jar the high
priced tailors In quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS, 920 Broadway. Oakland.
REMEMBER. I have but one price to every- i
body. 25c. llalr dressed la mode for 25c only;
good switchViS $1: best, finest quality, $3 50;
extra heavy, long, $5; open Sundays from I to
12. O. tiBPERBR, Hi Btookton st. _
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CEMETERY fences: best work; lowest prices.
DOUGLASS, 1716 Central aye.. between Bush
and I'ir.e st?.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic will positively cure
dandruff.' Q. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
trained nurse. Office heated. 579 Geary st.
CLOAKS and flne tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome St.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LE MOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
M \TRI.MONY
ALL seeking marriage send 12c for May "Wed-
d'.r.K 1<»11," 1^ pps. : fi76 gents; 423 ladies; no $5
fee. EDITOR. 11l Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Etegmat. stylish dresses.
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. ran. SS.
SAN FRANi'ISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
v.ll! ftiow you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burle property: locates treasure?,
minerals: tells your entire life, rast. present
: and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a m. to 5 p. m.: perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by r.-iall. Hend stamp for circular with
■ Fpeclal terms MRo. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
i IS and 26, 1206 Market st.. opposite Sixth.
TOUR future told by cards; ladies 10c; gents
2V 221 Sixth ?t.
MME HANSON- pOnist; card-reader-
i present and future; 25c. 14r Sixth st.. room 10.
MME MORBAU, b<?st n»e<3!"m and card-
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS lEdNA V. GRANT, card-reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st., room j.
GYT'SY life - ader gives correct answers to all
questions; L.. 2fc; G., 50c; no slgn^^ 7th st.
MME STBTLLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladies. 914 OFarrell . '.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— F^M ... her pro-
fesslon: never falls; aa> ;.'-•: r-elp- 929 P°"* »*•
SPIRITUALISM.
AT~~III Larkin St., - sharp, lecture by
Mr. Sawklns of Australia: tests by Mrs. Cow-
ell of Oakland: free^
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing and
developing Wednesday eve. 322 O'Farrell; 2') c.
MRS BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card ]
reader: Hindoo control: hours 10-5. 579 Geary. I
MEDIUMS' ASS'N: test meeting to-night;
Mrs.. Steers. Plao-. Robinson, 1 1 2 1 - Oak; ETW
GO to MRS MICHAEL for the best card read-
er: ladles only. 53 Albion aye.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
Ings $1; clr. Tues.. Fri., 2 p. m.: Sat., S; 25c.
MF.S ,T J WHTTNJBY, trance, test and busl-
medlam. 232 Stockton st.
ASTROLOGY— Ycur fortune by your name; oc-
cult science. 911H Mission st.
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister; hours 10-4.
MRS. SHAFFER test and business medium;
■Ittlnga dally. 123H Sixth st., room 2.
M FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dlum. US Haigrht Pt.
PALMISTRY.
"HANDLER: readings Tues., Thurs.,
Pat. at hall. 305 Larkin St.; Hon., Wed., Fri.
residence. 353 Geary st.
LOUGINti » _>t'SES FOR SALES.
J47S— NEW and good , $475
$1600 — On Market St.; clears 250
HOO0 — Fine corner: clears 300
$1100 — Only $500 cash; corner 17 rooms
1200— On O'Farrell St.; flat 7 rooms
$14fwi — Tiest in the city; fine corner 50 rooms
$2500— Fine for transient: clears $300.. 82 rooms
j $300 — All men roomers: clears $80 12 rooms
; $l(iO0 — Fine corner; clears $100 26 rooms
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— KKKDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22ft
Geary st.
L^i. rooms; clears $4f'O monthly $5000
l r >s rooms; elegant: net receipts $3000 4500
60 rooms; Market; best in city 2500
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient 2000
3n rooms; Kearny; elegant offices 2600
25 rooms; best on Post; bargain-. 1550
12 rooms; Powell; elegant 800
6-room flat; Ellis St.; free rent 250
Hundreds of others at your own price.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market St.
14 rooms, npar Baldwin Hotel, only $350
I 15 rooms. Post st., rent $50; fine •. 850
19 rqorna, rent $27; a money maker 400
2<i rooms, rent $55: investigate this 500
21 rooms, rent $25: income $100 425
24 rooms; Market st. ; brand new 1200
28 rooms, rent $55; part cash 350.
41 rooms, rent $140; near Orpheum 2700
44 rooms, rent $100; strictly first class 1300
$350; LODGING house, 22 rooms, all filled;
vicinity Flood bid. ; best offer in this line.
M. LESS & CO., 765 Market, opp. Phelan bid.
A— $!?00: 4S-room house, clearing about $125 per
month, rent low; 2 blocks north of Market
st. WILKE, 783. Market St.
GOOD-PAYING lodging-house of 14 rooms and
carpenter shop; cheap. Inquire 127 Turk st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson, Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof. Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10,
connecting with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon, the F. M. Smith: unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers; before
making contracts call at general office, 630
Market at.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
AN 18-carat gold Howard watch, worth $100, for
$67. at UNCLE HARRIS", 15 Grant aye.
BAR outfits, store fixtures, scales, etc.. second-
hand; selling at cost. S6B Folsom. nr. Fifth.
DOMESTIC sewing machine. 5 drawers, all at-
tachments; nearly new. 1915 Mission St.
SECOND-HAND hose for Irrigation purposes;
pumps, gasoline engines, etc. H. S. WHITE,
614, 516. 518 Mission St.
FOR Sale— l six-horse power boiler, new; can
ba bought very cheap; sold for want of use.
Apply Great Western Can Co., San Jose, Cal.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber withstands, cheap. HL'F-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
THOROUGHBRED Angora kittens for aale at
557 Ellis St.. formerly of 1946 Eddy st.
FOR Sale — Fine office partitions, store coun-
ters, glass front wallcases, 8-foot plate glass
showcases, bookkeepers' desks, chairs, letter
presses and entire Btore and office equipment.
Call or addreßS 309 Larkin st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
$77 50— UPRIGHT piano, good condition, $5
down, $3 per month. 225 Sutter st.
FOR Sale— Smith Premier typewriter; bargain;
fine condition. X., box 95, Call office.
4H-HORSB power motor. $85. 328 Bush st..
room 4.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl,
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 757.
IJOILERS. engines 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 683 Sacramento.
6AFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original coat. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10; Records, $5 per doz. ;
Projeetoscope, $100. Bacigalupl, 933-946 Mrkt. '
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinda bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 206 Fourth at.
TYPEWRITERS.
Al2Tltjpewriterflrsold and rented; few partly
u»ed for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER* CO., 110 Montgomery.
YOST good order, $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BAKNAN, 333 Moatgomery st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 18, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER ; TOWN ' ' '" "
You see houses to rent .by ; BALDWIN " &
HO WELL. 10 Montgomery st. . - - ■ _\ -:■
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake sts.; prices -will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market Bt.. j
HOUSE of 6 rooms, yard; rent $14. IS Valpa-
raiso St., off Mason. * • * , :
$25—507 JONES St., - house, 8 rooms, basement
and large yard. Apply to G. ; H. UMBSEN &
CO.. 14 Montgomery st. ■
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 8628 A —Sunny cottage, 5 rooms, base-
ment; rent $8; rear cottage.. : _
$20— COTTAGE. 6 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
2963 Twenty-first St.; key at corner grocery.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A NEW FIRM RUSTLING~FOR ; business.
5-room flat; well furnished..... $2o
6-room house; well furnished;- piano 40
7-room house; nicely furnished...... 35
8-room house; nicely furni5hed............ 3o
8-room house, unfurnished; good location 2*
9-room house; furnished; good location.... 40
10-room house; unfurnished; very fine place 85
: 14-room house; unfurnished; near park;
fine view • * 5
Only a sample list. C,all and see us.
THE REYNOLDS CO.,
403-404 Examiner building.
COMFORTABLY furnished house to rent In
Mission to good parties; terms reasonable.
Box 4679. Call office.
FOR SALE— Five furnished rooms. 283 Jes-
sie, corner of Fourth. . ■':-*;■'-
TAYLOR 810— Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 p. m. J . •"
UPPER furnished flat, 3107 Washington st.,
will be rented for 2 or 3 months from June 1,
very cheap; can be seen from 11 to 3.
FLATS TO LET.
A 5-ROOM flat, 315 O'Farrell St., near Mason;
rent cheap. Apply 15 Grant aye.
ELWOOD. 11— Flat, four sunny rooms. Off
O" Farrell, near Mason. '
HAIGHT, 1021. above Broderick— Sunny 6-room
; flat; best block on Halght: good view.
HAVES, 647— Modern built upper flat, bay-
window; 7 rooms and bath; key middle floor.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat. 7 rooms; bath;
rent $30. Key 728.
MCALLISTER. 204S— Sunny bay window flat, 5
rooms and bath; rent $15^
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply 111 Liberty st.
POLK. 1710, near Clay— New bay-window
sunny flat, 7 rooms and bath, $25.
SANCHEZ and Twenty-third— Modern upper
flat of 4 rooms.
SEE those beautiful flats In warm belt of Mis-
sion: : ewly tinted and painted throaghout; 6
room?, bath and latest improvements; floors
deadened; 1001 and 1004 Dolores St., corner
Twenty-third; rent cheapest in city; upper
reduced from $25 to $20 and lower reduced
from $i 5 5" to $18; now open fur Inspection.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
4 N'-.'K sunny rooms to let: rent Jio. 2041 Har-
rison st., opposite Eighteenth.
5 NEW choice sunny rooms; all modern Im-
provements; rent $IS. 17C6 Hyde st.
$12, $14 — 5 OR 6 rooms; also cottage, 4 sunny
rooms, $10. 623 Second st., near Townsend.
FURXISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms and bath. Call,
after 6 p. m., 400 Sanchez, cor. Seventeenth;
rent $25. __^__
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
AT 446 Thirteenth, cor. Guerrero, sunny fur-
nished housekeeping room: kitchen; bath; $10.
BRANNAN, 1079, near Tenth— 2 sunny fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
BRYANT, 1101—3 corner front rooms completely
furnished for housekeeping; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 1306— Pleasant rooms furnish-
ed for housekeeping; private family.
FIFTH. 314 — Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; bath; closet; sink; running water;
private; $11.
FIFTH, 322— Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
F< iLSI >M. BMB- 1 or 4 unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; gas stove; cheap; without children.
FULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GEARY, 556— Formerly 518; elegant sunny
suites for light housekeeping; double and
single rooms.
GEARY. 1812H— 3 comfortable furnished rooms
for housekeeping; $15.
GEARY, 1919 — For adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; $20.
GENTLKMAN' having nice furniture for 5
rooms and cooking utensils, will give the use
of some for a room. "Furniture," box 4673,
Call office.
GROVE, 202. corner Van Ness aye.— Unfur-
nished sunny 3-room suites, with gas stove.
HOWARD, 761% — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; double and single; complete.
HOWARD, 967A — Newly furnished large sunny
front room In private family.
HOWARD, ISO 6, cor. Fourteenth— 3 sunny front
rooms. $8.
HOWARD, 5B3 — t furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping, for sale, $40; basement; rent $7.
HYDE. 1412— Two. three or four rooms newly
furnished for housekeeping; single rooms
r> :is' :iable; references.
LEAVEN'WORTH. 811—4 rooms, bath, furni-
ture; for young couple; no children; ref.; $16.
MISSION, &2.-.M.— Completely furnished sunny
front housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
MISSION, 1217— Front sunny alcove suite com-
plete for housekeeping; also single rooms.
NINTH. 123— Nicely furnished suite of rooms
for housekeeping; bath; sunny yard.
OAK, 42— Sunny housekeeping rooms; also
front, furnished.
OCTAVIA. 1403 — Cor. Geary: 3 sunny rooms,
single or en suite: one bay window.
O'FARRELL, 315V,.— Tw0 or three Bunny rooms
furnished for housekeeping.
PINE, 1502, corner Polk — Two large sunny bay-
window unfurnished rooms.
SHOTWELL, 932—3 funny rooms; bath: wash
trayr; side entrance; rent $9; key upstairs.
SIXTH, 429— Nice large sunny front room for
light housekeeping; rent cheap.
TENTH, 123— Near Market; nice large sunny
rooms complete for housekeeping.
TENTH, 136 — Cor. Minna; furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, stove, running water; also single
room.
THIRD, 309— Furnished room complete for
housekeeping $5 to $7 a month; rare.
TURK, 405— Sunny suites, double and single
rooms; also 3 front connecting rooms com-
plete housekpg; range; bath; running water.
TURK, 543 — Large front rooms, housekeeping;
gas or coal stove; gas, bath; $12 and $16.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Most elegant, sunny cor.
flat; 3 rooms and bath; complete for house-
keeping; no children; all front rooms.
VAN NESS aye., 1021, near Geary— Front sun-
ny suite, $22 50, and one suite for $15; gas
range.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
EIGHTH, 508, near Broadway station — 2 sunny
front rooms, complete for housekeeping.
ROOMS TO LET.
ANTONIO, 16, off Jones, bet. Kills and
O'Farrell — 4 unfurnished rooms.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton et. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 2ic; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton — Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post. cor. Stockton, 2 blocks
Palace— Sunny suits; large, light, single rms.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms, per night,
DOc to $1; week, $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, 761— Newly furnished Bunny room*;
bath; gas; private family; very reasonable.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
| rooms and suites for gents, $1 60 to $S week.
GEARY, 675— Nicely furnished parlor; also
bmall room In private family.
GEARY, 822 — Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; also single rooms; bath and gas.
GLOBE Houso. 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 503— Two sunny fur-
nished rooms; single or together; gas; bath;
reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 1404 — 2 bed 1 rooms and
kitchen, $10.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Fine sunny fur-
nished corner rooms; also housekeeping; rent
cheap.
HOWARD, 1217%— Nice furnished room for 1
or 2 gents; private family.
ROOMS TO LET-Contlnned.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $8 per week.
JESSIE. 164. near Palace Hotel— Nice sunny
front rooms; other rooms, $1 week up.
MASON, IS (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3; suites.
$4 to JB; baths; not water; transient: elevator.
MASON. 413— Opp. Native Sons' Hall; nicely
furnished sunny parlors; rooms reasonable.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
MISSION, 1226— Nice large sunny parlor, piano;
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
NATOMA, 503, off Sixth— Sunny bay-window,
front room, cheap.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished, $10; sunny single room. $7.
O'FARRELL, 274 — Newly furnished sunny
rooms to let; permanent or transient.
O'FARRELL, 702^-Nlcely furnished sunny par-
lor; also small sunny room; private family.
PHILADELPHIA House — Furnished rooms, 75c
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
POST 622 — Sunny suite or single rooms; flrst-
class In every respect MRS. M. SCHULZ.
SHERMAN Apartment Hours, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 109— Sunny double room with sep-
arate beds. $10; sunny single room, $1 50.
"TAYLOR, 407— Two nicely furnished sunny
rooms for rent. •.
TWELFTH, 12— Three unfurnished rooms to
let. rent $7.
ROOMS AnD BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny rooms; new house; new fur-
niture; also flrst-class meals: healthiest part
of San Francisco. The Slrius, 1505 Stockton.
ELLIS. 51S— Nicely furnished rooms, best
board : $20 per month.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE 40S — Double and single rooms; flrst-
class board; Spanish; $20 a month up.
HYDE, 925— Sunny rooms; gooa board; pretty
grounds; select location. Mrs. Brotherton.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board. $3 per
week: with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER 1128— Sunny suite: single rooms: flrst-
class board; largegrounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
TURK, 533— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
bath adjoining; excellent home cooking;
terms reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., B"B— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; with board.
VAN NESS aye.. So3— Elegant furnished sunny
front rooms, bath; very best board.
CHILDREX BOARDED.
ELDERLY lady wishes 1 or J children to
toard, attention and best of care; terms easy.
Address 'V Sixth st., upper flat.
AN elderly lady ■■will', take infants to board: a
mother's care: reference*. ■ ■' 234^ Sixth st. .
STORES TO LET.
HOWARD, ISO 2, cor. Fourteenth— Store and 2
living rooms suitable for barber shop.
NORTHEAST cor. Sansome and Pacific sts. ;
large corner store with basement; reduced
to $?0 per month.
TO RENT: furniture for sale (bargain); small
store: 3 large rooms in rear; good location;
suitable for ar.v small business; rent cheap;
call Monday. 8 "4 b-trkln st.
OFFICES TO LET.
FINE partly furnished offices. 901 Sutter St.,
corner Leavenworth.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and atd: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay self -cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 59 McAllister
Bt. ; pills. $1; very strong, $2; cure. $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects- taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. Bent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DRS. GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
of women; irregularities from any cause re-
stored in one day, or no charge; restores
strength and vigor of organ unexcelled; ma-
ternity home; best medical attendance; low
fees; cure, $5; pills, $1; when others fail.
Bee free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
McAllister st.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours: safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
home in confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential: hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk Ft.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities, from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home in confinement: consult free; hours lOto
6, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.. private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
DR. WISE'S private sanitarium, 307 Jones St.,
formerly of 800 Kearny and late of Belview
Hospital, N. V. ; diseases of women; advice
free; experienced lady attendant.
A BOON to wives and mothers— StgUro; price
$150; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'R French pills, a boon to ladies with
femaie troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OPGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium, 1412 Mason st. ; pri-
vate home in confinement: competent physi-
cians and nurseß; trms. reas. Powell-st. cars.
ELECTRICAL treatments; cures all monthly
irregularities; no medicine; no pnin; lady at-
tendant; hours 8-4, 7-8. 220SH Mission st.
DRS. DONOVAN. 1306 Folsnm st., takes ladies
at her home In their confinement: terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential.
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister Bt.; diseases of
women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Pueta; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 2".4H Fourth st
DENTISTS.
A^FUTLLTset^of teeth, IB; see~~new~7lexibTe
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and arranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists; painless extraction;
teeth, per set, $5 up: gold filling, 75c up; sil-
ver, 25c up: old plates made over, $1 up: all
work warranted; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission St.. coi\J3ixth, and 371 Hayes st.
'DR. LUDLUM HILL 1443 Market st., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates l ade over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gaa given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek denN
Ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAi: VHOOM Electm Dental Tarlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings. 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand : open even-
ings. 997 Market at., corner Sixth.
DR. LUELLA COOL 554 Sutter; crowns. $5;
aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGtTE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUeT
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to the
statute in such case made and provided no-
tice is hereby given that the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-
way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way Company and the California Pacific
Railroad Company, railroad corporations in-
corporated and existing under the laws of
the State of California, upon the written con-
sent of the stockholders holding more than
three-fourths in value of all the stock of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors of
said corporations, made and entered into in
accordance with such consent, and pursuant
to the statute in such case made and pro-
vided, did, on the 14th day of April. A D
1898. amalgamate and consolidate their capital
stock, debts, property, assets and franchises
under the corporate name and style of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
J. L. WILLCUTT
Secretary of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company.
Son Francisco, Cal.. May 6, 1898.
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Real Estate Agents.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Cheapest Cottage Ever Offered.
$1250— York st., near Twenty-fourth; good
cottage, with large stable; lot 26x100.
CORNER rLATS— WOULD EXCHANGE.
$5500— Modern flats on Taylor St.; rent $50;
always rented; mortgage $3<X>o; will take a
desirable lot toward the park for equity.
MUST BE SOLD.
$5500— Hill at., near Valencia; good bay-
window residence of 9 rooms, bath, etc. ;
large lot, 30x114; an offer wanted; foreclosure
sale.
HANDSOME COTTAGE.
$3(X)o— Terms same as rent; Second aye., be-
tween California and Clement sts.; contains
6 rooms and bath; porcelain bathtub, et;. ;
lot 25x120.
$11,000— Sacramento St., sunny side; lot 50x
128; near Scott St.; improvements, handsome
2-story residence, modern and complete, con-
taining 9 rooms, bath, etc.
$1200— Rent $44: near Fourth St.; 5 flats;
front and rear building; a good interest-pay-
ing property ; an offer wanted.
$300 Cash,
Balance Same as Rent.
$2430— Worth $3000; almost new cottage; 5
rooms and all latest conveniences; porcelain
bath; up-to-date plumbing, etc.; close to
Castro and Nineteenth ste.
HANDSOME NEW FLATS,
PAY OVER 12 PER CENT.
$Rsoo— Reduced from $7UfK); rent $67 50;
Hayes St., within walking distance of town;
contain 6 and 7 rooms; all latest conveniences;
lot 25x137:6.
$18,000 — New modern residence; best resi-
dence section (north of California St.); con-
taining 12 rooms and all the latest improve-
ments; 2 large lots.
$100 a front foot— Choice Park frontages;
Stanyan St., bet. Frederick and Waller; street
to be accepted at seller's cost.
$6000 — Very handsome modern flats of 5 and
6 rooms; Frederick st., near Ashbury; large
lot, rent $55.
12700— Clara St.. bet. Third and Fourth; 2-
story building; flats of 4 and 6 rooms; rent $25;
lot 25x55; improvements In good condition; only
$600 cash required, balance can be paid out of
the rents.
$7600— Business property; pays a high rate
of interest; large corner lot; splendid new im-
provements; good business location in best
part of the Mission; a snap.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
A— ss AND $10 MONTHLY.
If you are looking for a nice home lot
cheap, or want to purchase a lot as a sav-
ings bank by putting away a small amount
monthly, take the Haight street cars to-day
and transfer at Masonic aye. ; these cara
will take you to our branch office, on Ninth
aye., near H st. (always open).
Lots $50 to $1500; cottages, $1500 to $3000;
all on easy terms. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLATS FOR SALE.
6 flats, Pacific aye:; rent for $2250; S. P.
536.000.
6 flats, Laguna St.; 32 rooms; S. P. $5500.
3 flats, Fillmore st. ; rent $60 50; S. P. $12,500.
CITY LOTS FOR SALE.
103x105; Greenwich St., nr. Montgomery; $1300.
80x114; Twenty-sixth St.. nr. Diamond: $1500.
25x125; Dolores Ft., nr. Twenty-fifth; $2250.
For other lots apply to
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 403 Examiner bldg.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Bu.s'ness College. 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil anO mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, en . •■ 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 18a2; -ualogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.:
individual Instruction in shcrthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and BMOtb.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8.. Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 2*07 S. Atherton,
nr. Ch&nnlng way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve. ;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, S3] Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr'e counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
SHORTHAND; to write 100 words a minute;
taught in one month; terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges. Phelan bdg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS -"■» are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
tame as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$3 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oak" and.
NSW process; a great progress in medical
science fur female trouble; no matter from
what cause; no medicine or instruments
used; restores in one day without full; every
woman her own physician; every case guar-
anteed; consultation free; can be sent and
used at home; by the well known DR. POP-
PER, 31S Kearny st. ; pills and capsules. $1.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CEASE'S,
26, 28 and "0 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and -" other musical instruments of all
grades and prio -■* Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
CLARK, WISE & CO., cor. Grant aye. and
Geary st., agents Conover, Klngsbury and
other pianos; opened May 1; new stock; spe-
cial prices; easy terms; Inspection invited.
"CROWN" piano is the ■ greatest yet made;
free concerts this week at Fresno, Vallejo,
Napa, 1108 and 1223. Oakland, and at HOCK-
ETT BROS. & CO.'S, 230 Post Bt.
SECOND-HAND pianos at all prices; terms
extremely accommodating. BENJ. CtTRTAZ
& SON, 16 to 20 O' Parrell St., agents for the
Checkering nnd other pianos. "
WE have a fine Baby Grand at a bargain;
new pianos are offered at lower prices than
ever. MAUVAIS, 76a Market st.
A STEINWAY piano for $100; a Chickerlng for
$<Xi; examine list of bargains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 30S. 310, 312 Post st.
A FINE Emerson, $50; Steinway, $150. Room
12 Flood bid., THE J. DEWING CO.
A MAGNIFICENT $500 upright will be sold
for $160. Apply 833 Castro st.
GREAT bargains; Decker, Schubert, Steinway.
Neuman. r.thers. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
'"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
NEW pianos rented, $3 per month. SCOTT-
CURT AZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes jrt.
FINE large upright: sacrifice. 120 McAllister
St., flat No. 1.
A GOOD uprleht, very cheap. 16 McAllister
St., next Hlber la Bank. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 80 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
BRANCH office of The Call, 106 Eleventh St.—
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts harness-: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth st., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds- 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 22" Valencia yt. T. P. NEWELL.
WAGOtfS AND CARRIAGES.
THREE-QUARTER end sprlnr. ball bearing
axle rubber tire, piano body buggy. Can be
seen at O'BRIEN & SONS', Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.
LIGHT pleasure buggy, or will exchange for
business buggy. 156 Fifth jst.
BrECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. ?11 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments: 1 fine top and ojwb
buggy: also 1 hack. S2S Harrison at.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for nardware, plumbers' mater-
ials lumber, paints, oils, etc., furniture, fuel,
stovepipe, stationery, library books, physical,
chemical and other apparatus and supplies,
printing, lithographing, etc.— Sealed proposals
will be received by the Superintendent of
Common Schools in open session of the Board
of Education, on Wednesday. May 25, 1898, at
4 -30 o'clock p. m., for furnishing the School
Department of this city and county during
the fiscal year IS9S-99 with hardware, plumb-
ers' materials, lumber, paints, oils, etc., fur-
niture fuel, stovepipe, stationer}', library
books,' etc.. and for doing the printing and
lithographing required during the said fiscal
year in accordance with spwlflcations at ihe
office of the Board of Education, City Hall.
The parties to whom contracts are awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of
execution of the contracts, to pay their pro-
portion of the cost of advertising.
CHAS. W. WELCH, Secretary.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
2600 ACRES; stock ranch; good grazing and
farming land; fine feed this year: only 2H
miles from S. P. R. R. ; price $6 50 per acre.
THE REYNOLDS CO., rooma 403 and 404,
Examiner building.
SPLENDID stock ranch; 1160 acres; 1000 acres
overflow meadow land; will produce 2 tons
hay per acre this year; price 123,200- will ex-
change for city property. THE REYNOLDS
CO., 403 Examiner building.
JISOO— RANCH, 160 acres, 15 miles west of
Ukiah; house and barn; orchard and vine-
yard; exchange for Oakland or Berkeley
property. Address R.. box 114, Call office.
WRITE for list; good land, *10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwoodf Shasta Co.. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrappers, for mailing.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
EEArrriFUL homes in larkspur.
Villa lots apt] acreage; easy tsrms:4s mlnatea
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO . 132 Market St.
OAEAND HgERnSEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FINE resort, furnished, for sale or rent: also
a fine business property; will exchange for
Stockton home. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broad-
way, Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LE3T.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNF.. 582 FlgMh «t
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 40S Eleventh st.
alamedaTdvertisements.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SNAP— New house and bath; lot 50x150; good
location: 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner. IKI2 Chapin st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
LOT 50x135, Charming way, Berkeley.
Fine house. 12 rooms and bath; beautiful
place; sacrifice at $6000.
Lot 50x150; house 4 rooms; 22 full-bearing
apricot trees: sell at $600.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Examiner bldff.
EAST Berkeley — sunny corner; street work
done: best street near station; electric cars;
less $20 foot. T. P. STRONG, 460 Ninth St..
Oakland :
NEW house of 8 rooms in Berkeley; cheap. In-
quire 258 Fourth, corner Foisom.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tha Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange— House and lot valued
at $4500, mortgage $2000, for good improved
lot
For pale or exchange — Oakland and Fruit vale
property. Improved, for San Mateo, Red-
wood City or Palo Alto improved. THE
REYNOLDS CO., 403 Examiner building.
PROPERTY WASTED.
20 APPLICANTS for chicken ranches from 5 to
40 acres. Who has one to rent? Write to
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 4^3 Examiner bldg.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
lan.l or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, abovA Sixth;
tel. South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
ptrictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUG AN & CO., 230 Kearny St., upstairs.
ANY amount at 6Vi per cent on real estate: 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room S.
HIGHLY respectable ana private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamond* and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 94S Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLT. 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 508 California st.
$K0 TO $50,000; lowest rates; lgt and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
ClTY. and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture ; no removal : lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
ELEVENTH. 104— Branch office of Th» CalL
. Subscriptions and want ads taken. .
FIX AX CIAI*
LOANS on feat estate, bonds, - etc.: lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS..' 108 Montgomery »t.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE WISE and borrow from the Cut. Rate Loan
Office, 22 Mason Ft., bet. Market and Eddy. .
STORAGE.
AT low rates — Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, • 1017 to 1022
- Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest — Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; ; fireproof building. . F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J.. NEUMAN.
121 Sixth St., open evenings.
TRUNKS, 25c a mo. ;" other goods at low rates.
Signal Transfer Co., 530 Jones: tel.Sutter 441.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples have been granted
marring^ licenses: ■
Herbert H. Wlnn and Bertha F. Crary, 27—27.
Nicholas 6.' Reyes and Franclsca M. Toledo,
40—26.
Fred E. Mead and Gertie Powers. 25 — 18.
'Charles A. Maione and Annie Blakey. 23 — 22.
■Willden Plnkham . and Amanda A. Matherly,
58—37. '
. Wm. F. Howel! and Anna L. Scheeler. 35—25.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death i notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
handed in at either '. of - the : publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
; persons authorized to have -he same published.
; DORIV.
BARBER— In this city. May 16, 1898, to the j
- wife of B. H. Barber, a son.
BERGMAN— In San Jose. May 14, IS9B, to the
' wife of Oscar F. Bergman, a daughter. ;
COHEN— In this city. May 10, 1898, to the wife
of ; Aaron Cohen, ; a daughter. . A
CURRIE— In Sacramento, ; May 12, 1898, .to the
wife of James Currie, a daughter.
DAVIDSON— Los Angeles. May 13. 189S, to
... the wife of Dr. A. Davidson,' a son.
FORD— At Bald Hills. Humboldt County, Cal.,
. May." 1, 1898, to the wife or William Ford, a
daughter. QBPSBSaHpBSBB .
HUGHS— In Oakland, May 9, 1898. to the wife
of W.B.Hughs, a son. ..: :...;..
McDONALD— In Grass Valley, May 18, 1898. to
the wife of William McDonald of Forest Hill, i
a son.;-- .: - '■' '-^- l :'-' r ■'■. '_■ ' ' •" ' ■ " '. f 'i
PERRIN— Grass .Valley, , May 14, 1898, to the
wife of Orrtn Perrln, a son.
PRIGMORE— Orleans Bar, .April 28, 1898. to
; the wife of Theo Prigmore, a son. .;
TURNER— In : Pepperwood, : May. 6, 1898, to . the
wife of , W. ■ H. • Turner, a son. .
MARRIED.
BANNICK— KANE— In this city. May 14. 1898,
by the. Rev. J. M. Buehler, Albert Ban nick
~ and Alice Kane. \, ; : ;. .
BLEUSS-^HILLMAN— In Eureka, May 9, 1898,
- by ;C. E. Baldwin, Justice rff S' the Peace,
■ Harry Bleusa and' Minnie M. Hillman. '
HONETMAN— In this city. May
: 14, ; 189S, by i the Rev. E. G. . Mathena, D.D.,
" ; John ;Honeyman . and • Emma Osterman, both
of San 'Francisco. '-; ; ' ■ ... -
HASLAM— MENDORS- In this city, May 16
189 S. by the Rev. J. A. Wells. Walter E.
Haslam and Gertrude S. Menders, both of
San Francisco.
RICKBORN— INGRUND— In this city, May 14.
IS9B, by the Rev. J. H. Scnroeder. Frederick
C. Rickborn and Amelia Injrrund.
SPOTTISWOOD— McCLOSKEY— In this city
April 12, 1898. by the Rev. William Klrby.
Dr. J. J. Spnttiswood and Fannie McCloskey.
WINN— CRAREY— In this city, May 17, UN
by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D., Ser-
geant Herbert Homer Winn of the regular
army, heavy artillery, at the Presidio, and
Bertha Frances Crarey, daughter of the late
Rev. B. F. Crarey, D.D., editor of California
Christian Advocate.
DIED.
Bradley, Charles Kearney. Maergie
Cave, J. B. t Lakes. Waiter
Cost°llo, Augustine Lambert. Nora
I 'ailey. Elizabeth Marshall. Jessie
De Lamater, John F. Martin, Ella
De Laseux, James R. Mofntt, Bridget S.
De Rosa, Mary A. Ockey. Leslie
Downing, Mary Pollard. Katie
Doyle. Garrett Rossi, Angela
Fairchlld. George W. Rosson. Dr. R. L.
Freund. John Solomon. Mina D.
Gendotti.. Clementina Then. Johanna
Goldstone, Samuel F. Tierney. Patrick
Griffiths, Thomas Trostman. George C.
Hanlon, Valentine Ventuleth. Emllie
BRADLEY— In Alviso, May 15, 189S, Charles
Bradley, a native of Ohio, aged 50 years.
CAVE— In Sacramento. May 13, IS9S. J. B.
Cave, a native of Kentucky, aged 79 years
and 1 month.
COSTELLO— In this city. May 15, 1898, Augus-
tine Joseph Costello, a native of Rathkeale,
County Limerick. Ireland, aged 48 years.
(ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from north-
east corner at Fulton and Stelner streets,
thence to Sacred Heart Church. Fillmore and
F- -11 streets, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose Of his soul, com-
mencing at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
DAILEY— In this city. May 16, IS9S, Elizabeth,
wife of the late John T. Dalley, beloved
daughter of Addison and Ellen Phtlpott,
mother of Joseph and Mary l>ail«-y. and sis-
ter of Henry, Daniel and Martin Philpott. a
native of California, aged 34 years.
17 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
("Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 1904 McAllister street,
thence to Holy Cross Church, Kd.ly street,
near Scott, where a requiem hich mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DE LAMATER— In Sacramento, May 13, IS9S,
John F. de Lamater, a native of New York,
aged 73 years.
DE LASEUX— In Port Kenyon. May 5. IS9B.
James R. de Laseux, a native of England,
aged about 76 yenrs.
DE ROSA— In this city. May 17, 1898, Mary
Ann de Rosa, beloved mother of Stephen.
Ronald and Lawrence de Rosa, and sister
of Stephen O'Hanley, a native of Canada,
aped 34 years.
DOWNING— In South Snn Francisco. May 17.
IBM, Mary, beloved wife of the late John
Downing, and sister of Mrs. Richard Burns
and Thomas O'Brien, a native of County
Cork, Ireland, aged 70 years.
(ETFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invittd to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2044 Seventeenth avenue, between
Q and R streets south, thence to All Hal-
lows Church, N street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth avenues south, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at S o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
DOYLE— In Eureka. May 12, IS9S. Garrett
Doyle, a native of Ireland, aged S7 years.
FAIRCHILD— In this city, May 16, IS9S, George
W., husband of the late Mary A. Fairchtld,
father of John R. Fairchlld and Mrs. A. L.
Rodgers, and grandfather of Mrs. F. K.
Tobin and Belle N. Rodgers, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 74 years 3 rronths and 7
days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, under the auspices of California Lodge
No. L I. O. O. F. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
FREUND— In Sacramento, May 13, 189 S. John
Freund, a native of Germany, aged 69 years.
GENPOTTI-In this city, May 15, IS9B. Clem-
entina, beloved daughter of Clement and
Santina Gendotti, sister of Theresa and
Louis Gendotti. and niece of Louis Gendotti.
a native of Canton Ticino. Switzerland, aged
21 years 6 months and 2 days. (San Andreas,
Cal., papers please copy).
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:3" o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 449 Ivy avenue, corner
of Octavia street, and thence to oacred Heart
Church, corner of Fell and Fillmore str-ets.
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Crosi
Cemetery.
GOLDSTONE— In this city. May 16. UK, Sam-
uel F.. beloved son of Samuel and Sarah .1.
Goldstone. and brother of Percy, Louis and
Edwin M. Goldstnne, a native of Eureka,
Nev., aged 20 years 6 months and 5 day*.
(Kansas City and New York papers please
copy.)
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:4. r . o'clock, from th<e family
residence, 2207 Fulton street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
GRIFFITHS— In this city. May 16. UK,
Thomas Griffiths, a native of Herefordshire,
England, aged 52 years.
(ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors, 2606 Mission street. Interment
Mount Olivet CemPtery.
HANLON— In this city. May 16, 1898, Valentine,
beloved husband of Annie Hanlon.
C?The funeral will take place this day
(■Wednesday), at 9:3«t o'clock, from his late
re^Mence 1112 Powell street, thence to St.
Mary's Church, corner of California and
Dupont streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
KEARNEY— In this city. May 15, 1898. Maggie,
beloved wife of Michael Kearney, mother of
Thomas p'rancte Kearney, .nd daughter of
Margaret an.l the tote Frank Slavin, a na-
tive of Placervilie, C^L, aged 29 years.
CXThe funeral will ta&e place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 EdJjr street. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LAKES— In Denver. Colo.. May — , 189s, Wal-
ter, beloved son of Profepsor A. and the late
Edith Lake=, and grandson of Dr. Thomas
Slater of San Fran' isco. a native of Cok«-
rado, aged 9 years and 6 months.
LAMBERT— In this city. May 16. IS9B, Nora,
beloved wife of Pierre Lambert, a native of
WaWford, Ireland, aged 46 years.
O"Frienrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend me funeral Friday.
May 20, 1898. at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J S. Godeau. 30." Montgomery avenue,
thence to the French Church of Notre Dame
dcs Victoires, Bush street, where a high re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARSHALL — Templar Rebekah Lodge No.
19- Officers and members will meet in
Memorial Hall. I. O. O. F. building, to-mor-
row (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, to attend the
funeral of oar late sister. Jessie Marshall.
TILLIE M. WINTERSTEIN. N. G.
MARTIN— In this city. May 17. IS9S. Ella Mar-
tin beloved daughter of Matilda Harris,
mother of Christina Keeling, and sister of
P.eniamin H., Walter and Charles Harris, a
native of Richmond, Va., aged 55 years.
MOFFITT— In this city, at her residence, 264
Clementina street, Bridget Sarah Moffltt, a
native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
CrTNotice of funeral hereafter.
OCKEY— In this city. May 17, 1898, Leslie, be-
loved son of Isabella and Harry Ockey. and
brother of Sadie Ockey. a native of San
Franoißco. aged 3 years and 5 months..
POLLARD— In this city. May 16, 1898, Katia
Pollard, a native of Mulllnahone, County Tip-
perary. Ireland, aged 23 years.
tCT'The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at S o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., thence to St. Pauls
Church. Twenty-ninth street, for services, at
9 o'clock. Interment private.
ROSSI— In this city. May 16, IS9S, Angela, be-
loved wife of Giovanni Rossi, and mother of
Frank and Gregory Valerro and Doralnia
and Anthony Rossi, a native of Italy, aged
67 years 6 months and 7 day.".
\fy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clix?k. from her late
residence. 1427 Kearny street, thence to St.
Peter and St. Paul's Church, corner Filbert
and Dnpont streets, . where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 11 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROSSON— In Los Angeles, May 12. 1898, Dr.
R. L. Rosson.
SOLOMON— In this city. May 15, 1898, Mlna
D. Solomon, beloved mother of Mrs. Haron
Crocker. Mrs. T. L. Lowman of Los Angeles
and Victor and Edith Solomon, a native of
Germany, aged 59 years.
CrTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence 2013 Bush street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery. b>' H:3Q o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
THEN —^ n anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the happy repose of the
soul of the late Johanna Then at St. Fran-
cis Church, corner of Vallejo street and
Montgomery avenue, this day (Wednesday).
commencing at 9 o'clock. Relatives, friends
and members of the Third Order are re-
quested to attend.
TIERNKY— In this city. May 17. IS9S. Pat-
rick beloved brother of Martin Tlerney and
Mrs. C. N. Pratt, a native of Kilkenny, Ire-
land aged 53 years 10 months and 3 days.
|r3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 94« Mission street. Interment
private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TROSTMAN— In Santa Clara, Cal., May 14.
1898. Oeorge C. Trostman, a native of Texas,
aged 24 years S months and 8 days.
VENTVLETH— In this city, May 17. 189 S.
Fmllle dearly beloved wife of Jacob Ventu-
leth, mother' of Frank, Jacob and Emllle
Ventuleth. and sister of Bertha Klein and
Mrs. G. Er'.on. a native of Bremen. Ger-
many, aged 26 ye^rs S months and 4 days.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EJIBALMER3 I
. tO IIFTH ST., , Opp. Lincoln Soaaoi. 1
._ v Telephone, South 8a \ I
» h. b. m'avoy. Manager. - ... B
m.cFi.yio'Y «fc co.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERa I
1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th." -■>■•■. I
- .-. .";->' ■-■•: Telephone, South 24*. ■ ' ' |
: :Eatab.';iBsB.": Eatab.';i858." ' - J Tel. South «7.
CRAIG & GOGH RAN CO. .
- Funeral Directors and Embalmers, -
22. 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE. /
Lady assistants, spacious chapel for t ha usi
of pur patrons. Rubber Urea ob our am Ift no.
1112
CHARTER
ESTIMATES
VERIFIED
Citizens Will Be Bur
dened With Heavy
Impositions.
Threatening Outlook for
City Rule Under the
Proposed Law,
Fire, Police, School and Other
Departments Are in
Danger.
PHELAN FIGURES AS HE
HEFTS.
Expert Cyril Williams Punctures
th« Mayor's Erratic
Criticism.
In attempting to explain the figures
submitted by Cyril Williams, expert of
the Supervisors' Finance Committee,
showing the probable expense of con
ducting the government under the new
charter, Mayor Phelan has drawn ex
tensively on his imagination.
The Mayor consumes just as much
space in his newspaper organ as Mr.
Williams devotes to his estimates, but
his results are so inaccurate that there
Js a grim suspicion among the audit
ing officers of the city government that
he employed for the work a man who
dealt with facts very much as the
Mayor deals with politics.
When asked to reply to the Mayor's
figures Mr. Williams was very much
disinclined to grant the request. He
does not relish a controversy with the
chief magistrate of the city, but in de
fense of his estimates he said that they
had only been reached after a most
exhaustive and careful digest of the
provisions of the charter, and he was
willing to go on record as saying that
they were reliable.
He added that they had been thor
oughly inspected by Clerk Russell Of
the Board of Supervisors, and had
passed his criticisms. They had also
been accepted by Auditor Broderick,
who said that they substantially agreed
with the results produced by his clerks,
who had gone through very much the
same process employed by Mr. Williams
in reaching his conclusions.
"I do not desire," said Mr. Williams,
"to get into any wordy controversy con
cerning these estimates. They were
compiled at the request of Mr. Russell
and Chairman Rottanzi, and were orig
inally made, not for publication, but
for the guidance of our department in
case the charter is adopted. But since
they have been questioned, I think it
is do more than proper for me to giv«
you some additional facts tending to
support them.
"Mayor Phelan says that the Chief
of the Fire Department is authority for
saying that under the charter he will
not require an additional appropriation
of more, than $100,000. He thinks this
at or.je disposes of $138,600 of my esti
mated Increased expense. Since the
Mayor said this I have checked off my
figures with Mr. Maxwell, secretary of
the Fire Department, and have found
them, correct. I have computed the
saJarles of the department officials as
they axe stated in the charter; have al
lowed the department a fire boat to
cost $22,980, and have figured the ex
pense of maintaining a fully paid Fire
Department, according to the ideas of
the firemen themselves.
"Under the charter each engine com
pany will cost $12,390 per annum, each
hook-and-ladder company, $14,640, each
■water-tower company $5040, each tire
boat company $22,980 and each chem
ical engine company $5040. The addi
tion of all the expenses of maintaining
a fully paid Fire Department under
the charter, without taking Into ac
count any Increase except that author
ized, produces a total of $612,280. An
additional fireboat brings the total to
$635,260. The appropriations for the
Fire Department for 1897-98 were $396,
000. The increase, therefore, is $239,000.
"Police Department salaries have
been omitted entirely by Mayor Phelan.
After thoroughly revising the figures,
I have made a reduction in the amount
first estimated for the reason that the
law allows sixty-six sergeants and as
many corporals as in the Judgment of
the commission may be advisable. I
estimated on sixty-six corporals, but
Chief Lees informs me that twelve will
be sufficient, and I have made my fig
ures to a.gree with his. The cost of the
park police is in doubt, and I have not
changed them.
"The total expense of maintaining
the Police Department under the char
ter will be $992,380 per annum. The
appropriation for the current fiscal
year was $714,948. The excess author
ized by the new charter is, therefore,
$277,432. The charter provides for re
taining all of the members of the pres
ent police force in good standing.
Chief Lees says that the park police
will come under his jurisdiction,
though it is not clear, but the charter
Intends that they should be controlled
by the Park Commission. The expense
of maintaining them last year was
$18,116. The only change In my figures
therefore, is made by taking off fifty
four corporals.
"The Supervisors are authorized by
the charter to provide for a special
fund to be used in the construction of
a general system drainage and sewer
age. I think it is not unreasonable to
say that $50,000 will be a moderate
amount to allow for this purpose.
"Mayor Phelan says nothing about
annual elections, which will cost at
least $180,000 each year. The Mayor
also scouts my Idea that $60,000 addi
tional will be required to keep the
streets clean under the charter. He says
there is no reason for this estimate
whatever. The City Street Improve
ment Company, the present contractor
for sweeping the streets, gave me the
following figures for the month of
March: Expense of teaming and haul
ing, $4500; salaries of inspectors, $500;
wages of sweepers, if paid for at new
charter rates, $11,650; total, $16,650. The
street sweeping bill for March was $11,
362 48. This shows an increase in one
month of $5287 52. I have, therefore,
estimated the Increase for twelve
months at $60,000.
"Mayor Phelan figures the poll tax
commlsßions of the Assessor as a credit
of $10,825. This is a State matter and
has nothing to do with municipal af
fairs. Mr. Herzer, Chief Deputy As
sessor, says that Mr. Siebe would de
cline to part with his fees, and I do
not see how the State law regulating:
the collection of poll taxes can be
modified by the charter. The same
may be said of the collateral inheri
tance tax fees.
"My estimate of $100,000 loss on li
censes is also objected to. Mayor Phe
lan says that the loss will be $78,506,
but he omits to include the fees paid
into the special fee fund on 20,234 mer
cantile licenses, which amount to $20,
234, and which bring the loss up to $98,
740, which is my estimate. Ido not es
timate on the court stenographers, be
cause I do not think the charter can
interfere with the Superior Court in
this respect any more than it can in
terfere with the Judges. They are not
municipal employes, but State officials.
I do not calculate on anything coming
in on Sheriff's fees, because the city
will be compelled to employ a keeper
in each attachment suit, and there will
be no profit.
"With regard to the schools, I am
certain that my figures are correct. The
department is now costing in teachers'
salaries $1,081,191 40— adding the officials
paid out of the general fund, whose
salaries amount to $27,400, and the total
salary account of the department Is
$1,108.591 40. The total appropriation
possible under the new charter for the
current fiscal year— when the average
attendance of pupils was 33,531 — would
amount to $1,089,757, or less than the
department salaries of the current year.
This amount available for salaries for
the current fiscal year at $28 per pupil
would be $938,868. There is here plain
ly a deficit in salaries of $169,723 40. I
have not considered In this estimate
the salaries of Superintendents of Con
struction and other officials who may
be appointed by the School Board un
der the new charter.
"I think, after a careful revision of
the estimates originally prepared by
me, in view of all the objections that
have been made to them, that I am
bound to reaffirm their accuracy."
BASEBALL IN PEOSPECT.
Games That Will Be Played on the
Various Diamonds Next Week.
The officers and managers of the Pa
cific Coast Baseball League were in ses
sion at the Baldwin Hotel on Tuesday.
Every club in the league was represented.
The schedule, although not adopted last
night, will be adopted at a meeting to
be held next Monday evening. The games
to be played on Saturday and Sunday
are as follows: On May 21 at Recrea
tion Park, the Santa Cruz and San Fran
cisco teams; on Sunday, May 22, the
Stockton nine will come here to play the
Athletics at Recreation Park; the Santa
Cruz team will travel to Sacramento to
try the Gilt Edges; Oakland will play the
Fresnos on the home ground, while
San Franciscans will take a trip to San
Jose in order to down the Garden City
team if they can.
FAMILY TROUBLES
OF C. F. JOHNSON
Accuses His Wife's Relatives
of Conspiring Against
Him.
A Suit for $23,000 Filed Against R
K. and J. J. Malcolm and
M. M. Struve.
The troubles of Charles Freeman John
son, his wife and wife's family seem to
be daily on the increase and growing more
and more complicated. About a month
ago he filed a suit for divorce from his
wife on the grounds of cruelty, alleging
that she was partially demented and had
made unkir.cl remarks regarding him. In
the answer she filed a cross-complaint, in
which Mr. Johnson was accused of doing
many things which would not look well in
print. Yesterday, through his attorneys,
Messrs. Beany & Sanderson, he brought
suit for $25,000 against Robert K. and
James J. Malcolm and M. i>i. Struve for
alienating Mb wife's affections. The Mal
colms are Mrs. Johnson's brothers, and
Struve is her brother-in-law. Johnson
claims that while his wife was suffering
from puerpal dementia her relatives dur
ing his absence visited the Johnson house
on Butter street and Induced Mrs. John
son to accompany them to Struve' s ranch
ftear Watsonville. He was not permitted
to see her while she was there, and he
claims that they influenced her to bring
suit for divorce with alimony against him,
in order that he might be compelled to
support the whole Malcolm and Struve
families. They also refused to allow him
to see either of the two children.
He says that his wife has for some time
been partially demented and that her
relatives suggested that she bring the
charges of cruelty against him. It is
said that Mrs. Johnson and the children
are now at the residence of R. K. Mal
colm in this city.
Postal Contracts.
Postmaster Montague was notified yes
terday by the Postmaster General at
Washington that the following contracts
had been let for carrying the mails in
California. The list will be of interest to
persons living in the districts affected by
the new contracts:
Pacific Coast Steamship Company to
carry the mails between San Francisco
and Eureka, a distance of 232 miles, and
back once a week, or as much more fre
quently as the boats may run. The con
tract price is $6000 for the year. The
mails will leave San Francisco every
Wednesday, and the trip to Eureka will
occupy twenty-seven hours. The mail
will leave Eureka every Saturday and
will arrive in San Francisco in twenty
seven hours.
C. J. Wilder, $6000 per annum. From
San Francisco to Sacramento, 105.8 miles,
by way of Collinsville, Rio Vista, Isleton,
Ryde, Walnut Grove. Trask, Courtland
and Clarksburg. Round trips to be made
six times per week by steamer leaving
this city daily, except Sunday, between
1 p. m. and 5 p. m., and arriving at Sacra
mento between 4 a. m. and 10. a. m. ;
leaving Sacramento daily, except Sunday,
between 10 a. m. and 4 p. m., and arriv
ing at San Francisco between 12 a. m. and
6 a. m. _
Charles E. Dugan. Between San Fran
cisco and Crescent City, 274 miles, once a
week, from March 1 to October 31, and
about three times per month the rest of
the year. Contract Price, $15 per round
trip. The price was $10 last year.
F. S. Smith, Washington— s32B per an
num between Station D of this city and
the Presidio, 4.68 miles, thirteen times per
week, leaving Station D daily, except
Sunday, at 8:30 a. m. and 2 p. m., and ar
riving at the Presidio daily, except Sun
day, at 9:30 a. m. and 3 p. m. ; arriving at
Station D at 10:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Leav
ing Station D on Sunday at 1 p. m. and
arriving at the Presidio at 2 p. m.; leav
ing the Presidio Sunday at 2 p. m. and
arriving at Station D at 3 p. m.
Taber Loses Against Marceau.
That the art of embossing photographs
is not original has been officially declared
in a decision by United States District
Court Judge Morrow. The decision was
handed down yesterday in the case of the
Taber Bas Relief Photographing Com
pany vs. Theodore C. Marceau. This was
a suit in equity for infringement of let
ters patent issued to Freeman A. Taber
for "improvements in methods of produc
ing embossed photographs." Judge Mor
row said that neither of the patentees is
the pioneer of the art of producing photo
graphs in bas relief. The same method
is substantially covered by United States
letters patent issued to William H. Guil
leband of Hoboken, N. J., dated May 31,
1881; also to Mario Russo of Rome, Italy,
1894; and to Savillion Van Cam pen of
Jersey City, N. J.
Struck by an Engine.
A Jury was impaneled in Judge Hunt's
court yesterday to try the suit brought by
Thomas B. Broderick against the South
ern Pacific Company to recover $3000 dam
ages for injuries received on May 24 last,
while crossing Townssend street, near
Sixth. Broderick. who was riding along
in a buggy, claims that an engine ran into
him, and that the mishap was entirely
due to the negligence of the engineer, who
did not ring a warning bell.
Try our H eyeglasses, 710 Market & 11 Geary.
THE SAINT FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 18, 1898.
HER LOVE
FOUND A
NEW WAY
How Mrs. Viola B.
Scott Drew Relief
From Missouri.
She 'Wanted a Divorce,
and by Woman's "Wit
Secured More.
Discovered That Her Husband
Had Been Technically
Wedded Before.
HER MARRIAGE ANNULLED
So Once Mor», as a Lovely Widow,
She May Essay Hymen's
Perils.
The different marriage laws in the
various States open a way for those
who wish to enter into matrimony or
to get out of it_ It is an old story about
couples going to Nevada to get mar
ried, but quite a new one to the r-urts
of California for one of the parties to
avail him or her self of the laws of
Missouri to get unmarried.
In Judge Belcher's court last Mon
day such a case came up, when Viola
B. Scott begged the court to annul her
marriage with George P. Scott on the
ground that he had a wife living in
Missouri from whom he had never
been divorced.
The testimony showed that Scott
had never been married to the woman
living in Missouri, but that they had
simply lived together as man and wife.
The plaintiff and defendant in this
action, it seems, were married a year
ago last January, and after living to
gether for two weeks ha went to Cen
tral America as representative of a
large firm in this ci\y. Mrs. Scott, or
rather Perry, a.s she and her husband
preferred to b<= called, during her hus
band's absence posed as a widow, and
as such she is known at the present
time to her friends.
She became tired of having a hus
band away off from here and for other
reasons she decided to get a divorce.
After diligently having the laws
searched for due grounds, it was found
that the laws of Missouri would give
her one.
It appeared that some time before
her marriage to her husband he had
been living with a woman back in
Missouri as a husband, introducing her
as his wife, and giving the public gen
erally to understand that they had
been married. In the State in which
they were living a man and woman
doing this are as legally married as
though a ceremony had been per
formed, and if the man marry an
other woman he can be prosecuted for
bigamy.
This afforded Mrs. "Perry" a means
to throw off the bonds that had be
come irksome, and she prayed the
court, on the constitutional grounds
that a law which makes a man and
woman husband and wife in one State
is binding in another, that her mar
riage with the plaintiff be annulled.
The affidavits of several people liv
ing in Kansas City, where the defend
ant had lived, proved that Mr. Scott
introduced a woman as his wife. Clar
ence 1m Partee and C. P. Palmer were
two of the most Important witnesses in
the plaintiff's behalf.
Mr. Scott, or "Perry," is still in Cen
tral America, and offered no defense.
Mrs. "Perry" is residing at 920 Van
Ness avenue. Judge Belcher ordered
the marriage annulled on the ground
on which the plaintiff asked it.
Rumor has it that Mrs. "Perry" Is
now engaged to marry a prominent
lawyer in this city, but when seen Mrs.
"Perry" would not affirm it. She said
that she did not want publicity, as no
one knew that she was the plaintiff in
the strange divorce case. Her friends,
she said, thought that she was a
widow.
BATTLE SURGES TO
OUR VERY DOORS
Fighting Breaks Out in the
Crowd Reading War
Bulletins.
Somebody Terms General Marrltt a
Coward and Straight-way Gets
Thumped.
There was battle yesterday In this
city. It was directly the outgrowth
of the war with Spain. Lest history,
ever prone to overlook details, fall to
make record of the engagement, a
brief account Is here appended. It is
from The Call's special commissioner,
and it is all right, because special com
missioners are invariably selected for
their probity, their love of truth and
their honesty and fairness.
Thus it happened: The wind blew
so hard around the corner of Third and
Market that the spectators lingering
there to scan the bulletin boards got
all mixed up. There were sudden col
lisions, hasty apologies. A man would
stand thoughtfully reading the bulle
tins on the Market-street side when a
zephyr would whirl him to the Third
street side, and he would have to be
satisfied to read something else. Prob
ably also he would come down on the
foot of another spectator who did not
happen just then to be hurtling
through the air. * In this manner ac
quaintances sprang into being and
quickly ripened into familiarity.
Two men were standing on the Third
street side. One was an American and
the other imported. The foreigner de
clared that General Merritt was a cow
ard. "The regulars." he continued,
"are no better than the volunteers.
Merritt wants to back out. He's sim
ply a coward."
The American did not think this
proper language, and explained at
some length why. He did not know
who the other fellow was, and did not
care, but he did not propose to hear
any officer of the army abused. At this
point the American began a series of
rapid maneuvers, at the end of which
observers noted that he had shed his
coat and had signals up for the open
ing of hostilities. But the crowd
rushed In between them. The excited
American waa Induced to resume his
raiment. He did so, but oulyasa tactical
ruse. All the time he was edging near
er to the foe.
"Any man who says an officer of our
army is a coward has to fight," he re
marked. With this he let out his right
and his left. By the time the left was
withdrawn the right was on duty
again. Far from having to fight, the
foreigner did not have a ghost of a
show to fight. All he could do was to
looked pained, and before the honor of
the army had been sufficiently vindi
cated his face was a map of the Manila
affair. A picture of it will probably be
used as such by a loathed contempor
ary, whose special commissioner ar
rived after all the danger was over.
There was in the crowd an elderly
lady whose prejudice against fighting
was so marked that she had hysterics,
when she found that woman's gentle
touch did not cut much figure in bring
ing the dove of peace upon the scene.
Other people were greatly agitated,
this appearing mostly in a celerity of
motion to get somewhere else. A few
tried to stop the affair from being
pulled off, as the technical expression
is, but they got n.owed down like a
Kansas corn field before a cyclone. The
episode demonstrated anew that the
police of this city are out of sight.
The wounded went one way and the
chap with the bruised knuckles the
other. Either will be fit to fight again
in a day or two, and attention is called
to the fact that for a spectacular scrap,
cutting and shooting barred, there is
not a finer corner in San Francisco
than the one utilized yesterday.
The special commissioner, who used
to be a mere reporter, declines to give
the names of the combatants. Such
specific exposures might hurt their
feelings. Besides, he doesn't know the
names himself.
HUNTINGTON ON
HIS METTLE
Lively Proceedings at the Hear
ing of the Robinson
Case.
The Railroad Magnate Squelches the
Attorneys on the Opposite
Side.
Collts P. Huntingdon was evidently on 'he
warpath yesterday afternoon, and thl*
fact served to relieve the doleiul monot
ony of the proceedings at the meeting of
the Railroad Commissioners, who had
gathered to hear the complaint of John
R. Robinson against th" Southern Pacific
Company and numerous other defend
ants.
Just before the meeting was called to
order Huntington made his appearance,
and Robinson, the plaintiff in the case, ac
costed the railway magnate and in urbane
accents said, "I am Mr. Robinson." Hun
tington gazed at him for a moment and
said, "Oh, yes; you wrote me some let
ters the last time I was out here." He
referred to some interesting communica
tions he had received in regard to stop
overs. Robinson replied, "I don't remem
ber having done so." "Oh, yes, you do,"
replied Huntington, "and you are ashamed
to own it." Robinson gracefully retired
and the Incident closed.
Those present felt that Huntingdon had
: his war paint on, and from the steely glit
: ter in his eye an explosion was looked for
at any moment. The old gentleman had
become tired of the eleven days' examina
tion to which he had been subjected, and
it was clear to see that he had reluctant
;ly answered the summons of the Com
, missioners in the Robinson case.
i When the hearing began, E. S. Pllls
; bury appeared for Huntington, while
I Robinson was represented by George \V.
| Monteith, assisted by Horace W. Phil
! brook, the disbarred attorney. J. M. Bas
j sett was there in the capacity of outside
i adviser to the latter. Mr. Pillsbury mani
: tested the plan of defense by objecting to
Huntington being sworn on the ground
that the Railroad Commissioners had no
i jurisdiction in the case. The point was
I taken that Robinson in his complaint did
I not state that he had a personal griev
ance, nor that he had been charged too
much, and that such complaints were the
only ones hearable before the commission.
They could only hear cases where their
orders had been violated, and they
could not inquire into any general com
plaint, like the one of Robinson, on thn
part of everybody. Huntington could bo
kept here for the rest of his natural life,
! he said, by getting up one complaint after
| another and causing him to be subpenaed.
The commission had announced that they
were through with him as a board, and
! Pillsbury argued that it was not right to
I harass him and that his client would de-
I cline to answer on those grounds.
Then it was that another little scene
enlivened matters. Monteith replied that
; It was the right of every citizen to come
! before the board and make complaints, as
it exposed the frauds of the railroads,
and to bring these frauds face to face with
i the railroads. At this Monteith turned
around and looked full at Huntington.
The latter with unruffled countenance
said, "I admit that I am face to face with
a fraud," and Monteith, too, subsided.
La Rue rebuked the attorney and paid
that Mr. Huntingtnn as a witness was en-
I titled to due respect.
The whole rjupstion was settled by the
commission referring the matter to the
Attorney General for advice as to the
jurisdiction of the board, and they will
meet on Thursday at 10 a. m. It is
expected that by that time the opinion
w<" be rendered.
At adjournment Philhrook mad© some
suggestion about appearing before the
Attorney General. Bassett interposed
with the remark. "All we want is to pro
ceed according to law," and turning to
Huntington said. "Is that not true. Mr.
Huntington?" The railroad potentate,
flushed with his two previous victories,
replied, "Anything you say cannot be
true; there is no truth in you!" and
grasping his cane with a firm grip he
seemed about to bring It down on the
head of Bassett if the latter made the
least move. The blow, if one was intend
ed, was not struck, and the session closed
without further incident.
Attorneys on the Rack.
There are two persons In the legal pro
fession who are very likely to be pro
hibited from following their chosen call
ing. One has already been placed where
he fs not in a position to practice law for
a few years, lie is J. J. Crouch of Stock
ton, who was convicted of grand larceny
and sentenced to serve a term of three
years in San Quenttn. Proceedings for
his disbarment were begun yesterday in
the Supreme Court. The other case is
that of Edgar B. Haymond. ono of the
attorneys for Albert Hoff, who while the
case of the murderer was in progress in
Superior Judgre Cook's court tried to sell
an alleged confession of his client to a
morning paper for $2000. His case was
brought before the Bar Association and
by that organization taken before the
Supreme Court for the disqualification of
Haymond. The hearing of both cases
was set by the Justices for June 6.
The Rose Carnival
This year at Santa Rosa, May 20, will
surpass anything which has yet been
given in the State. In the grand floral
parade there will be an exact reproduc
tion of the I'nited States cruiser Newark
and two monitors, from whose guns will
belch forth roses and bouquets. There
will be many new features and roses ga
lore. The Uniform Rank, Knights of Py
thias, which is in camp there, will be in
the parade. For this occasion the San
Francisco and North Pacific Railway will
make a round trip rate of $1. Leave Tib
uron ferry at 7:30 and 9 a. m. •
Lectures to Amateur Photographers.
Charles "W. Benjamin will give a lecture
on "Mexico" at the meeting of the Photo
graphic Art Club this evening at the Mer
cantile Library building. The lecture will
be Illustrated by a number of photo
graphs. On the" evening of May 25 th«
club will bold a photograph art exhibit.
Ribbons as prizes will be awarded. Com
mencing on the evening of May 22 lectures
will be given nightly by expert photog
raphers on the photographic art. These
lectures will be for the benefit of ama
teurs. A commodious and well-equipped
dark room has recently been completed In
the rooms of the club.
w
BARBERS HATE
A GRIEVANCE
They Object to Eight-
Week Graduates Ply
ing Razors.
Will Appeal to the Legislature
for Needed Pro
tection.
Are Strongly Opposed to Schools fcr
Barber 6 Want at Commission
Appointed.
Barbers who have devoted years to
learning the many difficult phases of
their trade are very much wroth at the
large number of alleged competent ton
sorialists that are being turned out like
grist from a mill by the so-called "bar
ber schools," and are making every ef
fort to do away with them.
With this object in view, over two
hundred knights of the razor and strop
met at 115 Turk street last Monday
night to discuss the situation, and the
best way to meet it. For more than
two hours a heated debate was held and
at its conclusion a vote was taken. It
was the almost unanimous opinion of
those present that the only way to ob
viate the nuisance was to petition the
next Legislature to enact a law similar
to that which is now in operation in
Minnesota and other Eastern States,
compelling those who wish to follow
the business to show themselves com
petent to do so.
During the discussion it was sug
gested that a commission composed of
three competent barbers be appointed
and it wouid be their duty to examine
into the qualifications of every candi
date, and if he proved satisfactory to
them a diploma or license be 'ssued to
him. Any tiler object of such a com
mission would be to visit barber shops
daily and examine into their sanitary
arrangements. The law could be so
worded as to make it compulsory for
the head of each establishment to see
that the brushes, razors and other ar
ticles be treated with a slight solution
of carbolic acid or some other disin
fectant, after the day's work was fin
ished, thus insuring their customers
from contagion.
The most important result to be
achieved by the proposed law would be
the doing away with the so-called "bar
ber schools," thus preventing the city
from being overrun with incompetent
graduates who have spent but eight
weeks in learning the trade. The reg
ular craftsmen say the novices have
proven a detriment to the business in
more ways than one, such as opening
B-cent shaving establishments; working
for cheap wages; keeping open all hours
in the night, and, in fact, doing many
things to lower the dignity of the
trade.
A committee of fifteen was appointed
at the close of the meeting to visit the
different shops throughout the city and
get the signatures of the workers to the
petition, which will be presented to the
Legislature. It was also decided that
the meeting formulate an organization
and meet on the 6th of June for fur
ther consideration of matters of interest
to their business.
An interested participant in Monday
evening's debate appointed himself a
committee of one to visit one of thesa
"colleges" and assure himself that full
fledged barbers could be turned out in
such a short period, knowing that h«
had devoted a year or more to learning
the ins and outs of the business. H«
was greatly surprised to learn that an
apt pupil could learn the business in
less than eight weeks. He was hand
ed a contract by the "professor" in
charge, in which was stated that for
$35 cash the institution guaranteed to
perfect the student In the trade and
would furnish him on graduation with
a complete set of tools, consisting ot
two razors, two strops, comb, hone and
case. With such a splendid induce
ment, many have been attracted and
the college was doing a tremendous,
business. The "professor" further en
lightened him by saying that from 9
o'clock in the morning to 8 o'clock at
night there was a constant stream of
customers who were willing to trust
their faces to the trembling and awk
ward fingers of a beginner, thus af
fording the students ample opportunity
for practical experience. The head of
the school stated that some months he
made money and other times he was a
lnspr. but whon the year came round he
was ahead of the game. Material for
the workers is attracted by a promise
O f f r pe shaving and free haircutting
and thpre is a constant stream of mfn
entering and leaving the school. There
are a few harbor shops in the vicinity,
but their business is hurt by the insti
tution. _______——
PRINTERS' ANNUAL OUTING.
Mirabel Park to Bs the Scene of the
Typesetters' Festival.
On next Thursday. May 19, the Printers'
Mutual Aid Society will give its eleventh
annual picnic at Mirabel Park. Sonoma
County. It will he for the benefit of the
sick fund, and several features will be
introduced. There will be a number of
prizes offered to be competed for in dif
ferent games, and each child who attends
will receive a package of candy. The
excursionists will leave the Tiburon ferry
at 8:45 a. m., and returning will leave the
picnic grounds at 5:30 p. m., landing
everybody back In the city at a season
able hour. Tickets for the round trip
will he $1 for adults and 50 cents for
children, and may be had of any mem
ber, or at the wharf on the morning of
the'excursion. Henke's band will accom
pany the excursionists. These picnics are
jiiways the most enjoyable outings of the
season, and the one this year promises
to be unusually entertaining.
Divorce Court Still Busy.
Judge Bahrs has granted Lottie E. Barto
a divorce from Fred O. Barto on the
ground of neglect.
The following new suits for divorce were
filed yesterday: Emma Martin from Peter
Martin, cruelty; Nellie Forrester from
Thomas Forrester, failure to provide;
Mary M. Vanier from Dlngene C. Vanier,
cruelty: Clara L. Arguella from Julius J,
Arguella. failure to provide.
Judge Hunt has granted Leah Weyle a
divorce from Ernest Weyle on the ground
of neglect.
Valley Road Directors Meet.
The directors of the San Joaquin Valley
Road met yesterday afternoon. Vice
l'r< sident Watt presided in the absence of
Clans Spreckels. The directors decided to
take part in the celebration at Bakersfield
to commemorate the opening of the road,
which takes place on the 27th inst. It was
further ordered that the company pur
chase four passenger coaches and one
combination coach of the latest pattern at
a cost of >4000 each.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
7 iiaiii .1 ]^TSi »^^ . ' . ■ . ■" ils ea
ADVERTISEMENTS. ...-.-.-.-.-.
SPECIALS
FOR
THIS WEEK!
150 pieces F^Qch Wool Serge, standard
quality, in all trje latest colorings,
warranted pure wool and 42 inches in
width.
Price, 35c Yard.
35 pieces 52-incb Scotch) Wool Cbeviot, in
stripes, c^ecKs and mixtures, all pure
wool.
Price, 35c Yard.
200 pieces Printed French; Organdies, full
32 inches wide, all elegant designs.
Price, 15c Yard.
4 cases Scotch Madras Zephyrs, in hand-
some plaids, stripes, c^ecl^s and
bayaderes.
Price, 15c Yard.
REMNANTS.
During this week we will place on our
Dress Goods counters, marked down to less
than half price, all SHORT LENGTHS of
PLAIN and NOVELTY DRESS GOODS,
111, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
YOUR DECORATION DAY
SHIRT,
collars and cuffs should vie with the
lilies in color and perfection of finish.
To attain such results they must be
laundered at a high grade establish- j
ment, where satisfaction is aimed at,
and always guaranteed, as it is at the
United States Laundry Office, 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420.
GREAT SACRIFICE
BOOKS!
HISTORY, SCIENCE, ART, TRAVELS. BI-
OGRAPHY, FICTION. THEOLOGY,
LITERATURE OF ALL -i. r 7
; KINDS.
RARE OPPORTUNITY.
No Reasonable Offer Refused.
ODD FELLOWS' LIBRARY, Seventh and
Market. .:■',■:..- ;
Must ■Be Sold Out by June :1, 1898.
PI ChlchMter's English Diamond 3 rand, '- '
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-tfTjv ij * t ''|l»»l and Only Genuine. A
- £^l( Tfcv^" rlf * lw »T» reUabl*. ladies uk
£dl IJftmS. Dr «S'»t for ChictitsttT, EnglUH /)ia-i»V\
jpSJ^yfc»vmonJ Brand in lied aad Gold me;»lli(!\%J|r '
CW i^-WT 1 waled with blue ribbon. Take VBP, ■
j?1 W|»<> other. Rrfute dangerm,, mbititu- V
I /'■*»- ' fWtiomandimitationt. At Drogni>ti,or Mmd 4«.
•' I 2? ■•' tX. i?«i t l i for particular!, te«timoni»U »1
T"i r^LtaiF » r ' L KN ; ow^ AND RKLIABLE OLU I ;
iTW ! «7 St !«<wre* rrlvat«sNervous,B!ood and Skin
Discuses of Men only. Manly Power restore.!. Over
' wJrlS™* pPrie " ce - i Send for Book, free. Patients
S^f£?.? *F, OI ; T ? rnQ reasonable.- Hours. 9 to B
rto^i t^ 830 cv ?*•'■ Soridayß, 10 to 12. . Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential, i Call or uddresa
■ »o^ Itenrny Street. San Francisco. <*•&
."D "D TT C 17 O FOR BARBERS. BAK- ! "
JDXI U Oil "ill era, bootblarks, bath- ■
houses. bilHard-tables. i •
. brewers,' ? bookbinders,'^ candy-makers. cannerß. I \
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper- |
hangers, • ; printers, " ; painters, shoe factories, I
stablemen, tar- roofers.-, tanners, tailors, t etc.
BUCHANAN BROS., ■ j i
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St. i
;■" , , — - — — — . — — — ;■ i ;:.'. '"".,." i i
} \A/. X. HESS, !
•. NOTAKY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT LAW, ,
Tenth Floor. ! Room 1015. : Claua . Spreckela Bids. j
.-: ■■'.-...■ •:--;. Telephone Brown 931. i
Residence, • . 821 « ; • California street, below j
Powell, San Francisco. ■ ; -'■■'■'■, -.'"''
,«-^ ,-^w. _: :-. ......
BUSINESS
DIRECTORY
and PURCHASERS' GUIDE
To Responsible Merchants,
Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders,
Jobbers, Insurance and Real
Estate Agents.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following
> Firms Please Mention "The Call." »
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining;, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868..
BELTING.
T P nFfiFN Manufacturer ofGeltlng and
L,. *• UEUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BOILER MAKERS.
•*-• fir W. J. Brady's Patent
Jfs N 1 1 DETACH ABLB
UW. J. MUD DRUM
DETACHABLE
MUD DRUM
CGS^^iTit^'fl for Steam Boilers.
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045. .
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.-
JTJ MnTIIiPFVDr Bookbinder and Printer,
i Di iliblrl i 1 ilLj 422 Commercial street.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Pupt. H. Blyth, Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
~- , DRAYAOE.
McNAB & SMITH.
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. ; and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO, , s s o c n co s n tl aT V d ef. te - Ten -
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAC DAVCC £ ffl Shipping i ßutchers, 10$
JA3i DUIC> tt CUm Clay. Tel. Main 1894.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co. l lmporters 5: Dealers
*^in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Props*
234 Fremont St. ; Castings of Every De.
"scrip tion Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
A/11 I AMFTTP PULP AND PAPER CO.,
ITILLMmLI I L 722 Montgomery Street.
SOAP.
1 -D~ I TTfV & Cti 123 California street,
J. Hi LI) 1 1 ; C WVi, = room 37. Tel. ; Main 168 L
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
forwarding ; i Agents and Public Weighers.
Jeneral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
Jeneral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
McMUNN'S jp^ £% ill HyM
ELIXIR OF VriU ill
Che pur» essential extract from the native drag/ Con> ':
:alns all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium .
without <ts noxious elements. I No sickness cf >tomach|
»o.7osSUiMf«n«CoS£lyeneBSjjjo.beadafiJii. AUBrussa!*
"•■■■■• r ■■•■•'■ ■ ' ■ : :?§&£gg£Bss££&iK:'' ■ ■