TOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 174.
NAVAL ENGAGEMENT
IS SOON EXPECTED
BATTLE IS
NOW LOOKED
FOR HOURLY
Schley's Squadron Reported
to Be Lying Off
Santiago.
Naval Experts Disagree as to the
Safety of Cervera's Vessels
While in the Harbor,
CALL OFFICE, RIGGS HOUSE,
WASHINGTON, May 22.
At the Navy Department this morn
ing there was posted an official denial of
the reported engagement off Mole St.
Nicholas last night. News of a battle is,
however, looked for at any time. Ad
miral Sampson is due to arrive before
Santiago some time to-morrow, and it is
suspected that Schley's division of this
fighting squadron preceded Sampson from
Key West or Havana at least twenty-four
hours. It is not believed, however, that
Schley would proceed to Santiago until Ad
miral Sampson joined him.
There are diverse opinions expressed
by naval experts as to the wisdom of
Admiral Cervera in locking up his fleet
in Santiago harbor. Some declare that
Sampson will have the Spanish vessels
at his mercy. The channel is at several
points only wide enough to accommo
date the passing of one big man-of-war,
and the hostile fleet, not daring to
emerge, could be starved into submis
sion, while Blanco was beiner likewise
treated by our blockading fleet in front
of Havana.
But other naval officers do not take
such a hopeful view of the situation.
They believe Spain's announced inten
tion of sending her reserve (Cadiz) fleet
to the Philippines is a ruse, and that in
stead she will send them across the
RUSE TO DRAW
THE AMERICAN
SHIPS AWAY.
NEW YORK, May 22.—
The Herald's Washington
correspondent says: The
Naval War Board believes
the report that Admiral
Cervera's fleet Is to return
to Martinique for coal is
another ruse designed to
draw the American ships
away from Santiago de
Cuba, a point off which
Commodore Schley's
squadron is now believed
to be lying.
Atlantic. It is true, however, they de
clare that Admiral Ccrvera may be "bot
tled up," but he will at the same time
be safe in a harbor absolutely impree
nable, defended by four forts and with
so narrow a channel entrance that any
attempt to force it would be hazardous.
But he will keep ourfieet there on block
ade duty and thus render them useless in
case Spain should send over her Cadiz
fleet to harass the Atlantic coast.
While our two fleets are hunting or
attacking the enemy on the sea two
military expeditions will b~ under way.
Captain Dorst of the First Infantry,
who failed to land his troops from the
Gussie, is to make another attempt, if
he has not already done so. It is re-
ported here that the expedition sailed
flirom Tampa on Wednesday. It is said
these troops were to be landed at
a point not forty miles distant from Ha
vana to prepare the way for other ex
peditions soon to follow.
The San Francisco Call
The Secretary of War said to The
Call correspondent to-night that by next
Saturday night over 7000 troops will
have sailed from San Francisco for the
Philippine Islands. By Tuesday night
the first three troop ships, the City of
Peking, Australia and City of Sydney,
will have steamed through the Golden
Gate with from 2500 to .3000 soldiers
aboard. It is barely possible that the
Peking will get away before to-morrow
night, as she is ready, but an effort is
being made to have them all three sail
THE WRECKED TRAIN ON THE ALAMEDA MOLE
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MAY 23, 1898.
CANNONADING
HEARD AT SEA
But Confirmation of Reported
Fight Off Mole St. Nicholas
Is Yet Lacking.
Copyrighted, 1898, by Jame» Gordon Bennett
MOLE ST. NICHOLAS, Hayti, May 22.— The numerous heavy and frequent
reports resembling heavy cannonading which were heard in the Windward Passage
Friday afternoon and yesterday morning gave rise to the rumor that a naval engage
ment was in progress between the squadrons of the United States and Spain. No
man-of-war has been seen outside the harbor, however, and none has entered it. I
have not been able to learn whether or not a naval battle actually took place.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, May 22. — It is rumored here to-day that there
was an engagement yesterday off Mole St. Nicholas between the American and
Spanish fleets. I have so far been unable to verify the report.
ST. PiERRE, Martinique, May 22.— Admiral Cervera's squadron, it is reported
on good authority, will return to these waters to coal. It is known that a number of
Spanish colliers are on their way to Fort de France.
The British steamer Twickenham having been refused the privilege of coaling
the Spanish torpedo-boat destroyer Terror and the hospi'al ship Alicante in the Fort
de France harbor, it is thought the vessels will coal from her at sea and that she will
then go to meet Admiral Cervera's squadron for the same purpose. The Twicken
ham carries 4000 tons of coal.
Late this afternoon an unknown man-of-war was sighted off he southwest
coast of Martinique. The Alicante has again changed her moorings, and the departure
of the Terror and the Alicante is momentarily expected.
together, inasmuch as they will not be
escorted by a man-of-war. The Pacific
Mail Steamship Company has tendered
the service of the big Pacific liners,
China and Colon. The offer will prob
ably be accepted by the department.
If so these vessels, with the Zealandia
and the Centennial, which have al
ready been chartered, will have a carry
ing capacity of from <iooo to 4500 troops.
It is the expectation of the Secretary of
War that the seven vesseL will be on
their way before the week is out and
will have reached Manila by the middle
of June. There will be no delay in or
der to equin any of the troops with the
new Soudan uniforms which are now
being made, and especially for the Phil
ippine soldiers. The uniforms will be
sent later. It is expected that General
Merritt, the commanding officer of the
expedition and military Governor of the
islands, will sail on the China. All of
the transports will sail fro; l San Fran
cisco, including the Centennial, which
Continued on Second Page.
THE FIREMAN
WENT DOWN
TO DEATH
Oakland Local Train Badly
Wrecked on the Ala
meda Mole.
Two Hundred Passengers Nar
rowly Escape— Cause of the
Accident a Mystery—En
gineer and Brake
man Injured,
Fireman John H. Hlckey lost his life
and over two hundred passengers on a
Southern Pacific train narrowly es
caped death in a wreck on the Alameda
narrow gauge mole yesterday after
noon.
That no others were killed is almost
miraculous, considering the terrible
havoc wrought by a derailed engine go
ing thirty miles an hour and drawing
five coaches loaded with passengers.
The Oakland narrow gauge train that
leaves this city at 1:45 p. m. pulled out
of the depot on the Alameda mole on
time. Engineer Ed Baldwin at the
throttle and Conductor Fred Toye in
charge.
The Oakland narrow gauge boasts of
but one train, which must make the
round trip from the Fourteenth street
terminus in Oakland to the mole in
time to connect with the half hourly
boats, consequently the speed main
tained Is higher than that of the other
locals on the east side of the bay, and
the light coaches go speeding up the
long trestle and across the marsh lands
to the Webster street bridge at top
speed.
The local had just reached the end
of the trestle and was about to begin
its journey over the newly constructed
ground that supports the rails on the
easterly end of tho mole when th^
water tender in front of the engine
jumped the track and began bumping
over the ties. The engineer tried to
stop the train, but the accident had
rendered the air brakes useless and the
train plunged on with the derailed ten
der in front.
Had the derailment occurred 100
yards further back a terrible loss of life
could not have been avoided, as the
first coach must have gone off the
trestle with its load of thirty passen
gers, and the chances of any of them
escaping from drowning would have
been small.
As it was the tender ran over the
ties for some distance and then toppled
over the bank. The engine with its
crew ran along for a few yards and
then upset. Turning in the opposite
direction from the place where the ten
der had fallen the engine jumped the
track, driving the pilot under the rails
an the Alameda side and tearing the
track and ties up as though they had
been matchwood.
When the crash came the engineer
was thrown out of his cab and onto
the mud north of the track. His fire
man was not so fortunate, the toppling
machine catching him beneath its pon
derous weight and crushing his life out
in an instant. That the first two or
three coaches in the train did not tele
scope on the wrecked engine is due to
the fact that the run over the ties had
reduced the speed until it was almost
at a standstill when the engine tipped
over.
Inside the coaches pandemonium
reigned. The screams of women added
to the excitement. In all the coaches
a wild rush was made for the doors,
but before any of the passengers could
reach lha outer air the danger was
over and the efforts of the cooler heads
kept the excited people from jumping
into greater dangers.
The forward coach suffered most,
plunging into the derailed engine and
becoming a total wreck and only the
high banks of gravel that had been
built cm the north side of the track to
hold the roadbed in place prevented it
from going over in the marsh.
Brakeman Jack Bird of Ala
meda waa sitting in a front
seat, and when the bumping
over the rails warned him that an ac
cident had taken place he grasped the
rods between t' c seats and held himself
from goiner headlong through the win
dows on the opposite side. He escaped
wtth the loss of a few inches of skin
aj i a wrenched back.
others inside the front coach were
not so fortunate. "W. H. Raymond was
sitting near the brakeman and was
thrown across the car with serious re
sults. Violent contact with the arm of
the seat broke the bones in the back
of his right hand, and another Jolt
bruised his right leg so that he was
scarcely able to stand. Several other
passengers were also injured, one man
being badly cut by falling through a
window, the ! roken glass cutting his
hands severely.
In the second coach, which also left
the track, the passengers escaped with
a few minor ' -vises and were calmed
down by Conductor Toye, who was i
h>*ie, there and everywhere to prevent
a panic.
The third, fourth and fifth coaches
did not leave the roadbed, though the
only trucks that remained on the rails
were those of the rear smoker, which
escaped without injury. When the
train, or what was left of It, was at a
standstill the passengers streamed out
by scores to witness the destruction
and to congratulate themselves on hay
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
ing escaped with their lives. Th«
wrecked engine lay across the track
where it had fallen when the ties re
fused longer o support its crushing
weight. Beneath lay the remains of
brave Jack Hickey, his hand still
grasping a bunch of rags with which
he had been wiping the delicate parts
of the machinery.
Directly behind was the forward
smoker, torn, broken and wrecked be
yond repair. The trucks, airbrake pipes
and other paraphernalia had been shorn
off the bottom of the car as though
with a knife. Beside it lay the pilot of
the engine that had been torn off by.
THE DEAD FIREMAN.
JOHN H. HICKEY, the Fireman
Who Was Killed in the Train
Wreck on the Aiam^da Mole.
contact with the ground. Torn and
twisted rail, pipes and iron work lay
about, evidence of the terrible force
with which the train had plunged from
the track.
The pilot of the engine in its wild ca
reer had thrown the opposite track en
tirely out of place, and trains from the
mole and from Oakland and Alameda
were flagged by the injured brakeman.
Jack Bird, to prevent further accidents.
Dazed, bleeding and scalded about the
head and hands. Engineer, Baldwin was
standing on the mud watching with
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
g*tiMv*n^~ ~-ww The measure-
!?^»*^^ / < C* V ) ments of death
; .cj| X Yy) P^ e^ by many
SN^§!^|l^ V7<^iS eet °^ neglect.
H'• Jtv "TvOsiVfl \/ s\k w°m a n
W* take care °^ the
1^ I 1 disorders, there
£'*Xl Jl^r^R' J§3 The little dis-
cause the majority of big sicknesses, are
the trivial derangements of the digestion
that most people pay no heed to. Good
digestion feeds and builds up a man ; bad
. digestion starves him in every tissue,
muscle, nerve-fiber, and brain-cell.
Bad digestion leads to consumption,
blood ana skin diseases, and nervous ex-
haustion and prostration. Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery corrects all
: disorders of the digestion, invigorates the
liver ■ and prevents and cures consump-
tion, blood and skin diseases, and nerv-
ous troubles. It is the great blood-maker,
flesh-builder, and nerve tonic. Druggists
sell it . and ■ have nothing else "just as ■
good."
"I have lately given Dr. Pierce'a Golden Med-
ical Discovery a trial," writes Miss C. M. Malette,
of Houston. Harris Co.. Texas.' "and it has com-
pletely cured me of very serious and obstinate dis-
orders in which the hearts action was impaired.
I took it i for two weeks. I began to experience.
less discomfort from ray illness, after about the
fourth dose, and in four or five days still less, and
several days after I was surprised to find that I
was actually. better. Two weeks having pasted
■very symptom had disappeared."
The man or woman who neglects con-
stipation is storing up in the system a.
store of : disorders that will culminate in !
. some serious and ' possibly fatal \ malady.
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets are a safe,
sure, speedy and permanent cure for con-
■ stipation. , One little " Pellet " is a gentle
laxative, and two a mild cathartic. They,
"' never tripe. \ Druggists sell them.2
staring eyes the steam escaping from
| the engine that he had piloted so long.
; The few passengers who had their
, heads about them saw a steam launch
, coming up the creek and hailed it. The
i skipper was asked to take Baldwin to
I Oakland for medical treatment, and
promptly ran his boat up t,o the Dreak
' water and took the injured man aboard.
Hickey, the fireman, was beyond
earthly help, so his mangled remains,
pinned down by the engine, were cov
ered up with the means at hand and
efforts were made to alleviate the suf
ferings of those who had survived.
After an hour's delay, during which the
large majority of the passengers made
a tedious march up the mole to Oak
land, a wrecking train came down the
line from the yards and a gang of
workmen tried to remove the body of
Hickey. It was found that this would
. be impossible, unless the engine was
raised, and Superintendent Frazier,
who had arrived on the scene, prompt
ly telegraphed to Newark for a wreck
ing train, which arrived late in the aft
ernoon.
Edwin L. Baldwin, engineer, in de
scribing the accident, said: "Soon after
we left the mole and just after I had
turned the throttle to increase the
speed I noticed that something was
wrong. The wheels did not seem
to run as smoothly as usual, and the
engine and tender rocked more than
usual. I was in doubt as to whether it
was simply imagination or reality that
the train was running any different
than was customary, when I heard a
creaking noise, followed by a heavy
thud, directly under the carriage where
I stood. I realized that the engine was
doomed, and made a frantic leap from
the window of the carriage to save my
self from certain death from the explo
sion of the boilers, a result which I
knew would be inevitable. The loco
motive had already broken the coup
ling connecting it with the tender, and
It was just as it crashed into the bank
i at the side of the track that I jumped.
Where the fireman was all this time I I
don't know and didn't learn until I saw
his charred and mutilated body lying
under the debris. When I fell I landed
on the bridge below, and for a moment
was blinded and almost suffocated by
the escaping steam from the bursting
boilers; but I regained my feet and es-
c aped to the edge of the bridge, from
which I leaped, past experience having
taught me the efficacy of salt water as
a relief from the excruciating pains of
scalding. I must have been in the
water three or four minutes before I
was picked up by a small steam launch
and towed back to shore. The cause of
the accident cannot and I don't think
ever will be explained. My opinion is
that some- portion of the machinery un
der the engine broke and threw it off
the track; but to such a statement I
would not commit myself or desire It
to be given as an authentic solution of
the cause, although the effect points
directly to this opinion."
Among the passengers upon the
wrecked train were the ladies of the
emergency committee of the Red Cross
Socity. Among these were many of the
best known society people of Oakland,
and as far as known were: Mrs. I. L.
Requa, Mrs. F. M. Smith, Mrs. Major
O. F. Long, Mrs. Wallace Emerson,
Mrs. A. B. Nye, Mrs. Lieutenant Dun
woody, Mrs. A. D. Thompson, Mrs.
Paul Loshe, Mrs. S. M. Martin, Miss
Veitch, Miss Mary Veene, Miss Jaeg
hern, Miss Alice Grimes, Misses Alice
and Lucy Moffatt, Miss May Kurnham,
Miss Molly Conners and Mrs. Judge
Xusbaumer.
Many were thrown from their seats
and all were more or less injured. To
night all the homes represented by the
ladies resemble hospitals. It may be
that a good night's rest will be suf
ficient to revive most of them, although
It is believed some of them suffered
severe spinal injuries which may not
Improve so rapidly.
Shortly after the accident Assistant
Division Superintendent Frazer arrived I
at the wreck and made an examination j
of the track and the demolished engine !
and cars for the purpose of discovering j
if possible the cause of the disaster and j
of f xing the responsibility. Accompa
nied by a Call correspondent Mr. Fra
zer walked aiong the track to the place
where the first scratch appears on the
ties. The spot where the primary acci
dent occurred that resulted in the
wreck is easily seen, and it Is just as
easy to trace the cause of the obstruc- j
tion and the derailed wheels to the
place where the track is all torn up be
neath the wrecked cars and locomotive.
The first mark on the ties is very
slight and might have been made by a
small bolt. It is almost in the middle,
between the rails. Very gradually the
ties are scratched and splintered more
and more until large pieces are broken j
out. A lmost 100 feet from where they
first occur the ties are broken clean
In two and from there the track is torn
off its bed, rails are twisted in all direc
tions and beneath the wreck ties, rails,
dirt and broken carwheels are all
jammed in a heap.
The track where the first mark occurs
1b not out of order, and has not spread,
so the cause of the accident is attrib
uted by the officials to the falling of a
bolt or some other obstruction on the
track from either the tender or the en
gine. The cause of the disaster must
forever remain a mystery, for the ten
der is completely smashed and off its
trucks In the mud, and the locomotive
is so broken up that there is no possi
bility of telling which one of a hundred
bolts might have fallen on the track.
"This affair is purely an accident,"
said Assistant Superintendent Frazer,
"and it is very plain that something
dropped to the track from the tender.
It might have been a brake shoe or a
bolt or any similar thing, but it is im
possible now to tell what, as the tender
is knocked all to pieces. The track is
in perfect condition and cannot possi
bly have contributed to the accident, |
as an engine has been running over it |
since the accident at the place where i
the ties show the bolt dropped down. |
It is very clear that the obstruction
came from the tender, as it was in
front of the engine and was driven
clear off the track and down the bank,
showing that it was the real obstruc
tion. It is impossible to prevent such
small accidents as a falling bolt shoe,
but it is rarely that they produce such
disastrous results."
An inspection of the track shows i
that it is miraculous that a disaster !
much more fearful did not occur. The j
train r;m along until the cars were on
the solid ground. Had they left the
rails where the ties are first broken the
locomotive and cars would have gone
in the water, and instead of four cars
being derailed all the train would un
doubtedly have been pulled over. The
marks of the wheels after being de
railed show plainly that the train ran
■several hundred feet along the ties
after leaving the rails.
"The accident was caused by a brake
shoe," said Train Dispatcher Walker
at the mole yesterday. "By some means
or another it became loose and fell on
the track. The consequence was that
when the tender struck the shoe it
jumped the track and the engine and
two cars followed. Hickey was thrown
out by the shock and the engine fell on
him. Baldwin was injured by the es
caping steam.
"The accident was not caused by the
spreading of the rails, but the rails
did spread as a result of the accident.
When we found the brake shoe under
the engine it was easy to account for
the disaster. The train was on time and
was proceeding at the usual rate of
speed. No one was dreaming of an ac
cident, and the whole thing came like
thunder out of a clear sky."
Jack Hickey, the dead fireman, had
been with the company since the last
great railroad strike, a portion of the
time on the Boulder Creek division of
the system. He was a trusted em
ploye and popular with his colleagues.
He resided with his wife at 656 Twenty
second street, Oakland.
W. H. Raymond, who was a passen
ger in the forward smoker when the
train vrent off the track, had a thrill
ing experience. He was thrown across
the car and badly injured, but having
lady friends in a rear coach, hurried
back to them as soon as he coukl get his
feet, and calmed them, despite his
wounds, until the panic had subsided.
"It all came so suddenly," he said,
"that I could hardly realize that we
had a wreck. I got out of the smoker
and into the coach where the women
were in hysterics as quickly as I could,
but I could do little with them, their
fright was so great. My greatest
source of gratitude is that no more were
hurt."
BATTLE IS
NOW HOURLY
LOOKED FOR
Continued From First Page.
has been ordered to that port from
Seattle. It is believed here that the
War Department may be too sanguine
of an early departure of all these trans
ports, for it is understood in Washing
ton that the Zealandia is not due to ar
rive in San Francisco until May 24, and
the China on May 28, and they could
hardly be made ready for a return trip
across the Pacific in so shor' time.
The Secretary, however, seems to feel
confident that the seven vessels will
have sailed by the end of the week.
If reports from Cadiz are true, statinc
that Spanish warships and troops are to
be sent to the Philippines immediately,
there will be a race around the world
between Spain and the United States,
with the advantage in favor of this
country, for while it is only 7100 miles
from San Francisco to Manila, it is B=w>
from Cadiz, via the Suez canal, and by
the time the Spaniards reach their for
mer possession they will find in the
harbor of Manila a formidable fleet
composed of the powerful coast defense
vessel Monterey, the protected cruisers
Olympia, Boston, Baltimore, Charles
ton, Raleigh, the gunboats Concord
and Petrel and the revenue cutter Mc-
Culloch.
Later will come the cruiser Philadel
phia, and by the time the Spaniards
•reach there Manila will have been taken
and 16,000 American troops will be in
charge. Any attempt made by Spain
to recover possession of the islands will
therefore be foolish, not only because of
superior naval and military forces which
we will have there, but because her war
vessels will have a hard time to obtain
coal en route.
Indeed, it will be impossible, if the na
tions strictly observe neutrality laws, for
Spain's vessels, instead of steaming for
the "nearest home port," will be seeking
trouble on the other side of the world.
WILL FILL THE QUOTA
THE PRESENT WEEK.
Over One Hundred Thousand Volun
teer Troops Have So Far
Been Mustered.
WASHINGTON, May 22.— Mustering into
the United States service of volunteers
in the State camps was practically sus
pended to-day, to be resumed to-morrow.
Reports received by Adjutant General
Corbin up to 11 o'clock to-night indicate
that 106,000 volunteers have been mus
tered. It was expected that the muster
ing- would be completed by this time, but
delay haa been caused by the inadequacy
of the militia, both in numbers and equip
ment in several of the States. General
Corbin Is of the opinion that the quota
called for will be filled during the present
week, within thirty days from the time
the orders were sent out to the Gover
nors.
ORDERED TO PROCEED
TO FORTRESS MONROE.
First Infantry Regiment of Mary
land's Volunteers Will Leave
Baltimore on Wednesday.
BALTIMORE, May 22.— Orders were
received at Camp Wilmer to-day for
the First Regiment, out of which the
two battalions of infantry to complete
Maryland's quota of volunteers were
formed, to proceed to Fortress Monroe.
The command will leave here on Wed
nesday.
One hundred and eighty additional
members of the naval reserve have
been mustered into Government serv
ice and are quartered on the receiving
ship Dale awaiting the formation of
the Chesapeake Bay torpedo fleet, or
other assignment from the Navy De
partment.
WOMEN TO BOYCOTT
FRENCH PRODUCTS.
Will Neither Buy Nor Wear Goods
Coming From a Nation. That
Favors ~ Spain.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., May 22.—Seventy
five women, all of prominent families
here, met this afternoon at the Coun
try Club, where the freely voiced hos
tility of France to the United States In
the American trouble was dis
cussed. The upshot of the discussion
was that the women resolved to neither
buy nor wear French-made gowns and
to discourage the merchants whom they
patronize from handing French pro
ducts. ,
♦
DEATH-DEALERS FOR
SAMPSON'S SQUADRON.
Projectiles Sent From Beading, Pa.,
That Will Perforate Any
thing Spanish Afloat.
READING, Pa., May 22.— 0n receipt
of a telegram from Washington the
Carpenter Steel Works late to-nifht
sent 150 thirteen-inch projectiles des
tined for Sampson's fleet. These weigh
1200 pounds each and will go through
anything Spanish afloat. Over eight
hundred projectiles of somewhat
smaller size are on hand and they go
to-morrow to San Francisco for Ad
miral Dewey at Manila,
Colfax Welcomes the Soldiers.
COLFAX, May 22.— The ladies of this
little town at the gateway of California
have been untiring iln their efforts to
show their patriotism and their sym
pathy for the boys in blue passing
through here * from the ' East. Every
trainload is showered with flowers, and
sandwiches ; and coffee are distributed
with a liberal hand. The • soldier boys
say this is ; the first \ place to remind
them '-■■ of , home, and : they I leave here
amid hearty cheers and with the god
speeds and well wishes of Coif ax ' peo
ple.;.-.■■.,•/?-  -' -.>; : ' - A---.'.-,:. .-"■.••-•; a: *;.."'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 23, 1898.
VOLUNTEERS
SPEEDING TO
THE CAMPS
Thousands on the Way
to the Chickamauga '
Grounds.
Work of Organizing the Third
Army Corps Begun and
Partly Completed.
CHICKAMAUGA 1.-.TIONALPARK,
Ga., May 22.— This has been a quiet day
at Camp Thoi as. The Second Ne
braska Regiment which reached Chat
tanooga yesterday afternoon, arrived
this morning and was assigned to the
camp ground selected for the division
of the Third Corps, and the .nen have
been busy getting into their tents dur
ing the day. Only two battalions ar
rived during the day. The Second Bat
talion of the Second Nebraska, which
had become separated from its regi
ment at St. Lou:-, reached here at 8
o'clock. The belated battalion was
commanded by Major W. C. Mace.
The First Battalion of the One Hun- ;
dred and Fifty-seventh Indiana Infan- j
try arrived at Chatt: -coga at 9 o'clock, |
accompanied by the regimental band of
twenty-four pieces. The battalion
spent the day on Lookout Mountain, i
and reached the park at 3:30, sleeping |
under the stars on the littla hill during !
the night.
As a result of the few arrivals the
railroad yards, v/liich have been con
gested with loaded and empty cars for
nearly a week, wen, partially cleared
and room made for the troops that will
begin to arrive at a lively rate to-mor
row morning 1 .
Twenty-five cars of provisions arrived
to-day and were stored in the large
warehouses now completed on the park
grounds near the depot of the railroad
company. Fifty-one of the latest and
most improved ambulances, built with
a special view to adaptability in a hot
climate, arrived from South Bend, Ind.,
to-day and will be distributed to the
First Corps.
The park force of men under the di
rection of General Boynton was at work
all day preparing for the engines and
pumps to be used in pumping water
from the Chickamauga River to the
various camps. It has been definitely
decided to erect improvised water
works, and a contract has been let and
all the material ordered, the first con
signment of pipe arriving to-day.
There is no scarcity of water now, but
it is feared that some of the wells are
from "wet weather" springs and that
later they will dry up and the piping of
water from the creek and Crawfish
Springs is a precautionary measure.
General J. S. ' Bates, recently or
dered to Mobile, left to-night at 8:30
o'clock to take command of a brigade
at that point.
The work of completing the Third
Army Corps was begun to-day. Gen
eral Lewis H. Carpenter, who arrived
to-day and reported to General Brooke,
has been assigned to the command of
the First Division of the Third Corps.
The organization, so far as perfected, is
as follows: First Brigade — Colonel i
Fred D. Grant, commanding, Four
teenth New York; Lieutenant Colonel
H. Kline. Second Brigade — Colonel
Hardin, Second New York, command
ing; Second New York, Lieutenant-
Colonel Lloyd; Second Nebraska, Colo
nel Bills, -he First Regiment to ar
rive to-night will complete the brigade.
The Fourth Ohio Regiment, urder
Colonel Coit, has been assigned to . .o
vost guard duty in Chattanooga by or
der of General Brooke, made necessary
by the disorderly conduct of many of
the young soldiers, who have been
guilty of many lapses of discipline, to
the extent in a number of cases of vio
lence and insulting ladies.
The four members of the First Mis
souri Regiment injured in yesterday's
accident and who were sent to St. Vin
cent's Infirmary are doing well and
will be out in a few days.
General E. B. Williston, from the
United States Third Artillery, who has
been assigned to the artillery brigade
here, arrived to-day and reported to
General Brooke. General Wiliiston
says he found his brigade about com
plete and equipped, with the very im
portant exceptions that it has neither
; field guns, horses nor ammunition. A
part of the equipments arrived yester
day, and General Williston hopes to
get all needed supplies by the middle of
the week.
General Breckinridge and staff did
not visit the park to-day for inspection.
They will inspect the second and third
divisions to-morrow, and hope to com
plete the inspection of all organizations
perfected up to Wednesday evening,
when they will go to Tampa.
Troop X, of the Third United States
Volunteer Cavalry, one of the three in
dependent volunteer regiments, con
sisting of forty-five men, arrived at
Chattanooga from Lincoln to-night.
The troop is in command of Captain
Jacob H. Oliver and has been organized
In Nebraska and the Dakotas. The
troop is a part of Colonel Grlgsby's
rough riders. The troop has no horses,
but was otherwise equipped.
Charles Eck, Company E, Third Wis
consin, from Eau Claire, died to-day
from convulsions and nervous derange
ment.
Troops B and E of Grigsby's rough
riders, 144 officers and men, from Sioux
Falls, S. D.. arrived this afternoon.
Colonel Grigsby himself accompanied
these troops and Major W. R. Stewart
was next in command. They will reach
the park to-morrow. The troops will
be followed to-morrow by two trains
carrying 200 horses. These troops are
all cowboys.
ATLANTA, Ga., May 22.— About 2000
recruits have arrived at Fort McPher
son since that post was made the cen
tralization point for that branch of the
army. Every recruiting station in the
country, from Maine to California, has
sent some men, and they are still ar
riving at a rate of 200 a day. It was
not intended to send any of the men
away until they were uniformed and
equipped, but the need of men for the
Philippines has brought about the ne
cessity of getting more men into the
regular army regiments in the West.
Colonel Cook, the commandant, yes
terday lined up the recruits at the post
and asked for volunteers to go to the
Philippines. Nine hundred responded
almost immediately, but only 600 are
wanted to make out the Third Bat
talion of the two regiments. It is likely
these men will gro to New Orleans to
Join the Eighteenth or Twenty-third
regiments of the regular army before
these regiments, which have been as
signed to go with General Merritt, start
for San Frandeco.
The Spanish prisoners who are to be
exchanged for Correspondents Thrall
and Jones, now in Morro Castle, will
be started for Cuba as soon as the de
partment here is assured connection at
Miami with a boat for Havana. Col
onel Cortijo and Surgeon Gulian are
still in ignorance of the exchange.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 22.— The
Fifteenth Regiment of Indiana Volun
teer Infantry left Camp Mount to-day
in four sections for the rendezvous at
Camp Dunnloring, Va. The regiment
is commanded by Colonel Barnett. This
was the last regiment to leave Camp
Mount. _____
CERVERA MAY BE
SHUT IN THE HARBOR.
It Is Believed That Schley Is Off
Santiago de Cuba With the
Flying Squadron.
NEW YORK, May 22.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Is Admiral Cervera with his
Spanish fleet entrapped in the harbor of
Santiago de Cuba? This is the ques
tion which the authorities are anxiously
asking each other to-night and they are
awaiting the receipt of advices from
Jamaica announcing the result of the
naval search for the elusive Spaniards.
It is estimated by the Naval War
Board, which was in session for an
hour this afternoon, that Commodore
Schley, In command of the flying squad
ron, is now off Santiago de Cuba, and
if Admiral Cervera is still anchored
therein he is surely a prey of Amer
ican strategists.
Confirmatory of the Herald's state
ment this morning that Commodore
Schley has gone in advance of Rear
Admiral Sampson. I learned to-night
that he left Key West on Thursday, and
instructions were at once sent him to
proceed to Santiago de Cuba. Like
those given to Rear Admiral Sampson,
his instructions are to destroy or cap
ture the Spanish fleet.
Rear-Admiral Sampson's men- of
war did not finish coaling until Fri
day, when they started to sea in a great
hurry, thr-ir destination also being San
tiago de Cuba. Going with all dis
patch as directed by the Naval War
Board, it is believed in nuval circles
that the flying squadron has made at
least twelve knots an hour, or 288 knots
per day, so that it ought to have ar
rived off Santiago de Cuba to-day,
while Sampson not having left until
late Friday night will not reach his des
tination before to-morrow. In the
meantime, it is questionable what Com
modore Schley's mode f procedure
will be. The instructions given him, I
understand, were general in character
and permitted him to use his own dis
cretion as to when he should attack
the Spanish fleet in the harbor.
"Should 1 'ommodore Schley repeat
Farragut's performance at Mobile -or
Dewey's performance at Manila, and
steam into the channel without paying
attention to torpedoes," said an official
to me to-nipht, " the chances are about
even that this ships would not be de
stroyed. But even if one were to be
blown up it would effectually- block the
channel and four armored cruisers and
two torpedo-boat destroyers of Spain
would be of no further use in the war.
I don't believe Commodore Schley will
take such action, however. He will
probably blockade the harbor and keep
the Spaniards tied up inside, and re
enforoed by Admiral Sampson's armor
clads the Spaniards will never be able
to escape."
•> ■ -««.
VOLUNTEERS LAND ON
THE ISLAND OF CUBA.
First Large Invading Expedition De
parted From Port Tampa
Last Wednesday.
CHICAGO, May 22.— A special to the
Record from Macon, Ga., says: Unless
some accident has befallen the United
States transport Florida there are now
United States volunteer troops on the
island of Cuba, or they will be there
within a few hours. From accurate
information obtained here to-day it
can be stated as a fact that the first ex
pedition toward Cuban soil has started,
and the outlook is for a successful trip.
On Wednesday. May 18, the United
States transport Florida left Port
Tampa with several hundred volunteer
troops on board. The passengers be
longed to the regiment of Cuban vol
unteers, organized In the lower extrem
ity of Florida some weeks ago. It was
thought best to send these men, as
they speak Spanish and are more ac
quainted with the topography of the
country which it is proposed to invade.
It cannot be learned what United States
officer accompanied the regiment of vol
unteers. If this expedition is a success,
other troops will be rushed into the
island as soon as possible.
GREAT ACTIVITY AT
CADIZ NAVAL ARSENAL
Ship Captain Beports That bpain
Was Preparing to Attack Our
Coast Cities.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., May 22.— Captain
Long of the brigantine Energy, which
arrived here to-day with a cargo of
salt from Cadiz, reports that when he
left Cadiz, a fortnight ago, the great
est activity prevailed in the naval ar
senal there. The two Hamburg Ameri
can liners, Columbia and Normannia,
purchased to be used as auxiliary
cruisers, and now named the Rapido
and Patria, were being rapidly armored
and the warships refitting in the har
bor were loading stores and ammuni
tion.
Captain Strong is convinced that at
the time he was in Cadiz the Spanish
Government fully intended to send this
fleet to attack American coast cities
on the North Atlantic, preferably Bos
ton. He says the Spanish populace
was bitterly Inflamed againat English
and Americans, and that his crew
dared not venture ashore.
DESPERATE
ENGAGEMENT
ANTICIPATED
Cervera Cannot Evade
Sampson.
THE FEELING AT KEY WEST.
BIG GUNS WILL EMBARK ERE
MANY HOURS.
Senor Castro, a Cuban Leader, Tells
of Heroic Work of Americans
at the Bombardment of
Cardenas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, May 22.— The tranquil
lity of a tropical Sunday has been un
disturbed by definite information from
any quarter. A few naval uniforms on
the streets are the only signs of the
proximity of this languid town to the
theater of war. There are only one or
two ships in the harbor, and they are
coaling with all haste to get away to
Join their fellows in an action which
all are convinced is only a matter of
days, perhaps hours.
Speculation is still concentrated on
the whereabouts of Admiral Cervera's
squadron, the general opinion favoring
some point on the southern coast. As
both sides of the island are now pa
trolled by United States warphips the
naval authorities will not admit the
possibility of Cervera's escape without
the most desperate conflict in the his
tory of naval warfare.
Reports from Admiral Sampson's
squadron say that all is quiet off the
northern coast of Cuba. Nothing from
Commodore Schley is expected before
Monday or Tuesday.
A rumor has reached here that four
American warships, while bombarding
Santiago de Cuba, were driven off by
the Spanish fleet, but the story is gen
erally discredited. Where it came from
is a mystery.
Senor Ernesto Castro, a well-known
lawyer and president of the Revolu
tionary Junta of Cardenas, arrived here
to-day on the United States gunboat
Annapolis. During the recent bom
bardment at Cardenas Senor Castro
was in the bay in a sma.» boat trying
to reach the American vessels and get
transportation to the United States on
an important mission. He was com
pelled to return to the shore, where he
saw and heard of the results of the
bombardment.
The Spanish gunboats that lured the
United States torpedo boat Winslow
into the death trap were the Antonio
Lopez, Lealtad and Ligerau. Daring
the fight the former two retreated be
hind the wharves and the Ligera be
hind the key. It was the Antonio
Lopez that opened fire on the Winrlow
and decoyed her into the trap. The
Spanish troops formed on the public
square, not daring to go to the wharves;
all the Spanish flags were lowered, as
they furnishe4 targets and the famil
ies all fled to Jovellanos.
Penor Castro says an American shell
exploded at the very entrance to the
Spanish Casino, shattering the build
ing and setting it on fire. The Casino,
which had been used as a military head
quarters and infantry barracks, and
which was the largest structure in the
town, was utterly destroyed. Other
buildings were wrecked. Some of the
shots went as far as the Trienta sugar
plantation, two miles in the interior.
The loss of life Senor Castro believes
to have been heavy. It was so report
ed. After the bombardment ceased the
military commander pressed all able
bodied "men into the work of carrying
sand to build new batteries, and the
next day 1200 men were brought from
Matanzas and Havana to continue the
work.
Senor Castro, after passing four days
on the Pieuras Key. signaled the Unit
ed States gunboat Wilmington and was
taken off. He says famine prevails
everywhere In Cuba. In Cardenas rice
is 25 cents a pound, condensed milk
sells at $1 50 per can and horseflesh
brings 75 cents a pound. There is no
beef or bread.
The insurgents are in dire distress.
Formerly provisions were smuggled
from the cities, but that relief is now
impossible, since the cities themselves
are starving. The insurgents are try
ing to subsist on peppery wood and
palm buds. Senor Castro tasted meat
to-day for the first time in five weeks.
SPAIN STILL CLINGS
TO FOOLISH HOPES.
Pretends to Believe That Gomez and
His Followers "Will Antago
nize the Americans.
LONDON, May 22.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Times, commenting
on the situation in Cuba, says:
Whether any great number of insur
gents will fight for the Americans is
considered extremely doubtful, but de
spite the Spanish hope it is equally
doubtful whether General - Maximo
Gomez and the other influential in
surgent leaders will boldly declare
against American annexation. All
that can be said with certainty is that
the Cabinet at Washington had not
found and cannot count upon efficient
assistance from the insurgents, which
it evidently expected when it rushed
into war without having an army ol
occupation ready.
Since the Ministry has been con
structed publicity and prominence are
being given by leading organs to the
movements of troops, which seems to
indicate an intention to warn whom it
may concern Jthat Spain is ready to re
sist any unjustifiable schemes of ag
gression, from whatever quarter it
may come. These movements have
reference to the idea that Spain may
be helpful to the powers in the event
of any combination against an Anglo-
Saxon alliance.
Autonomist On His Way to Madrid.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 22.— Senor
Arturo Amblard, the autonomist leader
and Senator and Secretary of Justice
in the Cuban Cabinet, arrived here to
day from Vera Cruz on the French
steamer Lafayette, which left Havana
May 9. He is on his way to Madrid.
Columbia Proceeds to Sea.
NEW YORK, May 22.— The United
States commerce destroyer Columbia,
which has been at anchor at Tompkins
ville, coaling and provisioning, after a
tour of duty with the North Atlantic
patrol, weighed anchor and proceeded to
sea to-night.
Calls at Kingston for Coal.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 22.— The
Spanish steamer Purissima Concepcio
arrived at Montetro Bay this morning.
She came from Batabano, Cuba, and
called for coal.
CERVERA IS
IN A SERIOUS
PREDICAMENT
Should the Spanish Squadron Be
Shut In at Santiago de Cuba
It Is Lost.
CopyrlrMed. 1898. by Jamei Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST Fla May 22.— Should the Spanish squadron be shut
in at CienfuegosorSantiago deCuba it is lost. There is a long, narrow
entrance at each of these harbors, which permits ships to enter or leave
singly only, thus allowing Americans to remain on the outside and destroy
the vessels in detail if they attempt to force a passage to stop the cutting
of the cable, which has been repaired between Cienfuegos and Santiago,
thus restoring direct communication between Havana and Europe, via
Bermuda. , , ~ ,
I have just returned from a cruise along the northern coast of Cuba,
where I found everything quiet. Just off Cardenas we met the United
States Government steamer Leyden, which two days previously had
picked up five Cubans in an open boat. These men said the Spaniards
left only one officer killed and five men wounded, all from the explo
sion of one shell, during the action at Cardenas, when the American
torpedo boat Winslow was severely damaged. They reported that the
channel at Cardenas was now blockaded by several barges, which had
WAR REVENUE
COMES FIRST
Then Annexation Will Be
Considered.
WORK BEFORE BOTH HOUSES.
FOBECAST PBOMISE-. A WEEK
OF DEBATE.
More or Less Talk in the Senate of
Final Adjournment, but No
Ona Is Able to Predict
the Time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 22.— During the
present week the Hawaiian annexa
tion resolutions are likely to be con
sidered in the House. No positive as
surance has been given that a special
rule providing for their consideration
will be reported, but it is generally un
derstood that in event of the revenue
bill being well advanced in the Senate
the Committe<- on Rules will respond to
the majority r'pmand in the House for
the immediate disposition of the Ha-
waiian resolutions. The report to ac
company the general banking and cur
rency bill is expected to be completed
by the middle of the week, and that
bill will be given then to the House.
It will not be debated, however, this
week. Representative Sherman- will
call up the anti-scalping bill, and he
said to-da-<- he thought It would be dis
posed of during the week. The navy
personnel bill and the minor war meas
ures will occupy some attention. The
general deficiency appropriation bill
may be reported later in the week and
a conference report upon the sundry
civil appropriations or the postoffice
bill may be returned.
The present week in the Senate will
I be devoted almost entirely to continua
j tion of debate on the war revenue bill,
and many of the best-informed Sen
ators express the opinion that the con
sideration of the bill will be concluded
before the end of the week. Senator
Aldrich said to-day that the bill will
be a law before next Saturday. Very
few other Senators take so hopeful a
view, however, and most Republicans
confess that they will be abundantly
satisfied if the Senate concludes its
work on the measure by next Saturday.
While consideration of the bill, except
as to objected features, has been com
pleted, there is still much to be done
before the bill can be said to be com
pleted. The items which have been
passed over are those which it was ex
pected from the beginning would con
sume the greatest amount of time.
These include the corporation tax pro
vision, the inheritance ti-x, the seign
iorage and greenback amendments and
also others of more or less -importance.
Involved in the discussion of the
greenback and seigniorage amend
ments will be the Republican proposi
tion to restore the bond provision, and
there can be no doubt that this ques
tion will give rise to a discussion that
will cover considerable time, probably
two or three days at least. There is,
however, no apparent desire on the
part of the opponents of bonds to con
sume more time than is necessary to
the proper presentation of their views.
If Senator Platt of New York insists
upon pressing his amendment for the
refunding of the outstanding green
backs it will result in an extension of
the debate to an almost unlimited ex
tent. This would open up the entire
financial question and probably would
cause the silver element to even resort
to filibustering to prevent its passage.
Upon the whole the chances are equal
that the bill will be disposed of during
the week.
There is more or less talk In the
Senate about the final adjournment of
Congress, but opinions differ material
ly as to the time it will occur. Senator
Hale expressed the opinion to-day that
it might be reached within three weeks,
while Senator Teller put it at six
weeks. With the war revenue bill out
of the way and appropriation made for
the conduct of the war there will be
very little incentive to remain, unless
it should by that time become appar
ent that the war is drawing to a close.
In that event some Senators express
the desire that Congress should be in
session in order that the Senate might
have an opportunity to pass upon any
treaty of peace that might be negoti
ated. It does not now appear probable,
however, that Congress would remain
here any great length of time merely
for that purpose.
The week will begin with the discus
sion Monday of the corporation tax
provided in the Democratic amend
ment.
The Accident at Chickamauga.
WASHINGTON, May 22.— Secretary
of War Alger to-day received a brief
telegram from General Brooke confirm
ing the report of the accident at
Chickamauga to a train carrying Mis
souri volunteers. He states that one
man was killed and four injured and
that the remains of the one killed have
been sent to his home in Missouri. He
also says the injured men are being
cared for at the hospital.
PREPARING TO
RAID TEXAS
Ominous News From the
Rio Grande.
SCHEME OF THE SPANIARDS.
WILL LEAD BANDS OF MEXICAN"
BRIGANDS.
American Border Comparatively Un
protected, Owing to the Draft
of Troops for the Cuban
Campaign.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK May 22.— A San An
tonio, Texas, special to the Herald
says: The situation of settlers along
the American side of the Rio Grande
is rapidly becoming critical. Since the
first talk of war with Spain there have
been ominous rumors of raids into
Texas by bands of ignorant and vi
cious Mexicans, led by Spaniards. The
Mexican Government has more than
doubled its army on the frontier and
fresh detachments of troops are now
on the way to the border.
The need of troops to send to Cuba,
however, has raised exactly an oppo
site policy by the United States Gov
ernment. Private dispatches from Aus-
tin to-night announce that no more of
the Texas volunteers are to be sent to
the front. One thousand Infantry and
1400 cavalry now at Camp Mabry are
to be sent to the Texas-Mexican bor
der to do garrison and patrol duty.
The news was given out semi-offl
cially at Camp Mabry to-day that the
men are very much dissatisfied, as they
hoped to be sent to the front with the
other Texas volunteers now at Mobile.
CRUISER SAN FRANCISCO
PURSUESJV STEAMSHIP.
Sights a Chase Off Boston Light, but
the Fugitive Succeeds in.
Escaping.
PROVINCETOWN, Mats., May 22.— ,
The cruiser San Francisco, which ar
rived here at 7 o'clock ' i!: morning
from a night cruise, reports that she !
sighted a craft resembling a larga
steamer, sailing in the opposite direc
tion about thirty-five miles off Boston
light during the night. The San Fran
cisco trained her guns on the steamer,
started in pursuit at the rate of eigh
teen knots an hour and kept her in
range of her searchlights for a time, i
but could not overtake the fugitive. I
The officers of the San Francisco think [
she was a friendly vessel whose officers
may have taken the San Francisco for
a hostile ship.
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
iftcoßPQSAcno Bhßf fisl^ft ggftf KS^I
LEADING CASH GROCERS, .
Lay In Your Supplies.
Prices Are Advancing .
SPECIAL SALE FOR THE WEEK ! |
FLOUR, Patent Roller - 50-lb. sack $1.35 \
Family, No. 1, barrel, $5 35.
COAL OIL — From Pennsylvania —
Our own Importation, guaranteed the best
produced,
X-Ray, 6-gal. can. J»se case #1 SO
. Mascot, B-gal can, $1 05 case *li OO
Levin Bros. XX, B-gal. can, $1 20 case $2 3O ,
"'BUTTER— Point Reyes- 3 squares sl.oo j
Creamery, fresh. • . i
Now Is the time to pack for the winter..
Butter Is going up. - ■
WHISKEY— Rye or Bourbon, $2.50 gal. I
Five years old. • Regular $3 50.
KITCHEN SOAP— Same as Sapolio—
Pride of the Kitchen Soap. Q cakes 25c
TABLE FRUITS— No. 1, $1.50 dozen !
Peaches, Pears, Apricots, regular $2 00. ;
Telephone South 292.
Bend for catalogue.
■ We ship ; goods to the country free of charg*
within ; 100 miles. '■ . ■
1324 - 1326 MARKET STREET
And 134 SIXTH STREET. .HER HOME
SQUADRON
EXPECTED
Spain May Send Vessels
Now at Cadiz to Cuban
Waters.
While Waiting for Re-enforce
ments Cervera Will Play
a Sly Game.
GIBRALTAR. May 22.— An
unconfirmed rumor Is in circu
lation here that the Spanish
squadron at Cadiz is about to sail
for Cuban waters. A Spanish
batten- of artillery arrived this
afternoon at San Rogue. seven
miles northwest of Gibraltar, and
has been placed in position.
NEW YORK, May 22 — The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: While the Monterey has been
ordered to proceed to Manila, it does
not necessarily follow that the author
ities have confirmatory information of
representations that a Spanish fleet is
bound for the Philippines. As a matter
of fact the dispatch of the Monterey was
in the nature of a precaution.. With her
Philippines, supported by five
protected cruisers and three gunboats.
Rear Admiral Dewey will be able to de
my force that Spain may send
against him. The authorities do not
.<' that Spain will send her home
Iron to the Philippines. The s'ail
rders, which it is said it received,
ire it to come west, it is believed,
and join forces with Admiral Cervera"s
■ ■
'If this be true, then the officials ex
pect that Admiral Cervera will carry on
a waiting policy, avoiding battle with
armorclads of this Government, as he
can do in view of the speed of his ships,
preventing the dispatch of any army of
invasion by menacing the troop ships.
ring at point? where necessity will
compel the dispatch of armorclads. and
playing in general a hide and seek game
untii he is re-enforced.
& i far as the officials can learn the
only effective re-enforcement he can ex
re the battle-ship Pelayo, the ar
mored cruiser Carlos V, the protected
cruiser Alfonso Kill) and the torpedo
boat destroyers Audaz. Pluton and
Proserpina.
(>n account of the inconvenience in
convoying torpedo boat* those in Span
ish water? will probably be retained,
with the second class battle-ships Vic
■.nd Numancia, tor the protection
of the coast. When his re-enforcements
arrive Admiral Cervera will have a for
le squadron under his command.
There will be the battle- ship Pelayo, the
armored cruisers Carlos V, Infanta
Maria Teresa, Cristobal Colon, Vizcaya
and Almirante Oquendo. the protected
cruiser Alfonso XIII and six torpedo
boat destroyers.
Against this force Rear Admiral
Sampson can oppose the battle-ships
lowa, Indiana, Massachusetts and Ore
gon, the second class battle-ship Texas
and armored cruisers Brooklyn and
Xcw York, besides some protected
cruisers, auxiliary cruisers and torpedo
Rear Admiral Sampson will
therefore have at his disposal seven
armor-dads) superior to those of the
Spaniards both in number and formid
ableness, and his protected cruisers will,
it is hoped, be able to take care of the
destroyers.
But the great advantage which Ad
miral Cervera's vessels will have will be
their speed, even the battle-ship Pelavo
being able to steam at a greater rate
than that of the American battle-ships.
, ; ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLD PIGX LINE
JOHNSON LOCKE MERCANTILE
COMPANY,
699 Market Street, Sao Francisco,
SOLE AGENTS
STEAMERS FOR ALASKA AND KOTZE-
BUE SOUND,
' "Will Dispatch the Following Steamer*!
fJOR DUTCH HARBOR, NTJNTVAK ISLANDk
HOOPERS BAY. ST. MICHAEL JLSr,
DAWS' CITY.
THE STEAMSHIP
TILLAMOOK.
/WAY :26th—
FOR KOTZEBUE SOUND, DUTCH HAH.
f 808 XUXIVAK ISLA>fD, HOOPERS
' BAY ST. MICHAEL AND DAW-
SOX CITY.
The Newly-built Triple Expansion Steamer
GRACE DOLLAR,
Connecting at th? mouth of the .Putnam
Sliver with the river Steamer ARCTIC BIRD,
Which will transfer passengers up the Putnam
River about the vicinity of Fort Cosmo*.
JUNE Ist—
FOR ST MICHAEL. DAWSON CITT AND
"* YUKON RIVER POINTS.
The Magnificent Steamer ■
MORGAN: CITY.
Capacity 700 Passengers, . 2000 ■ Tons of Freight.
The above steamers are the finest of their
.clean; every comfort given to passengers: best
table set of any linn running to Alaska. If
you an» going to Alaska go. by a reliable Un«.
For Information addres*
#OHNEON-LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANY.
' fiQQ 2JA.rkat «c . B*A Fr&aclaceh.
her speed being more than sixteen knots
an hour. She has just come from the
' drydock, and is therefore, fit to fitfht
the battle of her life.
URGE THE PEOPLE
TO GIVE NO QUARTER.
Spanish Clergy of Manila Issue Pas
torals Denouncing the
Americans.
LONDON, May 22.— A dispatch to
the Daily Mail from Hongkong says:
Spaniards in Hongkong 1 and at Manila
openly boast that a fleet of warships is
on the way to the Philippines. The
Bishops have issued pastorals to the
effects that Spain and God are prepar
ed to cut out "these social excrescences
from America." The pastorals urge the
people to give no quarter, and they
t ascribe Dewey's humanity in refusing
to bombard Manila as due to fear. At
the same time money is being spent in
bribing the Inferior leaders among the
insurgents.
There is some anxiety here because
of the non-arrival of American troops,
and the American consulate is crowded
with volunteers. United States Consul
Williams is on duty night and day.
An American miner from Manila, by
the name of EToeur, has arrived here.
F< >r several years he managed a coal
mine near Manila, but the Spanish
authorities, fearing he would supply
the American fleet, expelled him.
The Spanish were directly responsi
ble for the revolt of the Cebuans, as
the latter gave them help during the
recent insurrection and were in return
promised regular pay. and that their
families in their absence should be
cared for. They were also to be ex
empted from tribute. After seven
months' absence, during which they
received no pay, they returned home to
find their families starving and to be
called upon for tributes. They have
risen against Spain.
WO DANGER FROM
YELLOW FEVER NOW.
Cuban Epidemic Prevails Only Dur
ing the Months of August, Sep
tember, October and November.
NEW YORK, May 22.— A meeting of
Cuban physicians was held at the Red
Cross Hospital to-day to discuss the ef
fect of climatic diseases in Cuba. Dr.
Munoz, recently chief of the Civil Hos
pital In Havana, was made chairman,
and Dr. Solloso, until recently surgeon
in the Spanish army, secretary. The
points determined were that men from
! States suffer more from dis-
In Cuba than men from southern
countries.
Of the Spanish soldiers who have
gone to Cuba 75 per cent have suf
fen d from malaria and 25 per cent
from yellow fever. Deaths have oc
curred in about 25 per cent of the cases.
The seriousness of the diseases in
Cuba has depended on the seasons and
locations; malaria has prevailed daring
the entire year, and yellow fever only
during the months af August, Septem
ber, October and November. The fever
ills mostly on the coast and in the
cities at a distance of from eight to
tc-n milt's from the coast, and in the
mountains the island is healthy during
the entire year.
The physicians enme to the conclu
sion from ib<-ir observations that dis
eases do not spread as rapidly nor are
they as severe as on the southern coa3t
of Florida.
SECRETARY LONG GIVES
OUT NO INFORMATION.
Says He Has Not Kept in Touch. With
the Fleets Since Leaving
Washington.
BOSTON, May 22— Secretary John
D. Long, when asked by a reporter to
day about the location of the fleets, re
plied:
"Since leaving Washington on Sat
urday I have not been in touch with
the department and know no. more
about it than do the newspapers.
This is my day off."
The reporter told Mr. Long of a re
ported battle near Santiago de Cuba,
and asked if it were probable, to which
the Secretary replied:
"It is possible; that is all."
Mr. Long returns directly to Wash
ington to-morrow.
WOULD EXTERMINATE
THE CUBAN PEOPLE.
Spaniards Intent on Awful Bevenge
for the Certain Loss of
the Island.
KEY WEST, May 22.-The destitu
tion in Havana is frightful and is in
creasing. The grocers, all of whom are
Spaniards, refuse absolutely to sell
food to the Cubans, as if determined to
starve them. The Cubans say the
Spaniards hate them more than they
do Americans.
Senor Arangueren's correspondents
declare that the Spaniards realize that
Cuba Is lost, but that before yielding
the islands they will endeavor to ex
terminate the Cubans.
Monitor Jason in Service.
PHILADELPHIA, May 22.— The old
single turret monitor Jason, which has
been undergoing repairs and refitting
at League Island Navy Yard, left for
New York this morning in tow of the
tug Pioneer. Good time was made
flown the river, and at 7:30 o'clock to
night she passed out by the Delaware
Capes. The Jason's crew is made up of
former New York naval reserves from
Rochester and Brooklyn, but now regu
larly enlisted in the navy, and is com
manded by Lieutenant Fickbohn.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAT 23, 1898.
HAS CERVERA BEEN
DRAWN INTO A TRAP?
NEW YORK, May 22.— A special cable dispatch from Kingston, Jamaica,
dated Sunday morning, says: Word has just reached here that Four
American warships approached Santiago de Cuba late on Saturday and
opened fire on the fortifications. Admiral Cervera engaged the attacking
fleet and forced it to retire. The Spanish warships then gave chase, and
upon leaving the harbor Admiral Cervera signaled that he would continue
the fight at sea. It is believed here that the American warships were sent
to Santiago to decoy the Spanish fleet from the harbor, and that Admiral
Cervera, in following the Americans, has fallen into a trap.
THE OREGON
NEAR KEY WEST
Expected to Put In for
Coal To-Day.
WILL REPLENISH STORES.
POWERFUL ADDITION TO SAMP
SON'S SHIPS.
His Squadron Is Now Sufficiently
Formidable to Defeat Spain's
Entire Atlantic
Force.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 22.— A Washington
dispatch to the Herald says: Admiral
Cervera's action in permitting the bat
tleship Oregon to reinforce Rear Ad
miral Sampon's squadron without at
tempting her destruction has aroused a
great deal of curiosity and not a little
anxiety as to what his plan of cam
paign really is. Such a great prize
does the Oregon constitute, such a great
weight will she have when the oppos
ing navies are placed in the balance
scales, that it should be apprehended in
official circles that the policy of the
Cape Verde fleet would be to lie In wait
for the vessel and destroy her by su
periority of numbers. In fact, this ap
prehension was so generally felt that
the Naval War Board seriously con
templated the dispatching ofasquadron
to Captain Clarke's support, one of the
strongest advocates of such action be
ing Read Admiral J. G. Walker, re
tired, who at the time was acting in
an advisory capacity to the board.
But there is no longer fear regarding
the Oregon. She is out of danger and
will put into Key West within the next
twenty-four hours for coal, when she
will hasten to'join Rear Admiral Samp
son's fleet. The last heard of the Ore
gon was on Wednesday last, when a
cablegram was received at the State
Department from th« j American Consul
at Barbadoes, reporting that she had
been sighted on Tuesday afternoon off
that port. The Oregon's rate of speed
since she left the Marietta and the
Xictheroy h;ts been more than thirteen
knots an hour and naval experts have
i-Ktimated that she is now within a few
hundred miles of Key West.
In anticipation of her arrival a large
amount of stores have been held at Key
West so that by Tuesday evening at
the latest she will be ready to join Rear
Admiral Samspon.
With the Oregon attached to the
North Atlantic squadron we have on
hand a forec which enn defeat the en
tire Spanish naval force in the Atlantic
Ocean.
GREAT BRITAIN MAKES
OVERTURES TO JAPAN.
Contemplates a Scheme to Establish
a Sort of Asiatic Balance
of Power.
LONDON, May 28. — The Vienna corre
spondent of the Dally Telegraph 'says:
Confirmation is given in well-informed
quarters lr. Vienna to tho rumor that
friendly advances made by England to
Japan have already attained a tangible
result It Is believed that an Aiglo-Jap
uaderstanding has been reached,
which n"t only comprehends all eventual
ities whicn can occur in the East, btrt
also contemplates all the «cor.s. quenees
that might result in the course of the
Hispano-Am«rican w;;r. The understand
ing establishes a sort of Asiatic balance
of power.
Probably a Slander.
LONDON, May 23. — The Brussels
correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
United States Consul General George
W. Roosevelt, when asked why he
did not take active part in the war, de
clined, saying: "I was wounded in the
war of secession a dozen times, and
have paid my debt to my country. An
American never pays the same debt
twice."
Pitching Tents at Jacksonville.
JACKSONVILLE. Fla., May 22.— The
first ot the troops to be encamped here
arrived to-night, the Second Regiment
of Illinois reaching here first, followed
by the Second Wisconsin. Both num
ber about 1000 men each. The camp is
in command of Brigadier General Law
fcon. The North Carolina regiments
will reach here to-morrow and others
will follow later on.
Bain in Monterey County.
MONTEREY. May 22.— Heavy rain
fell throughout this entire section last
ni^ht, commencing before midnight.
The precipitation was .9 of an inch.
Present conditions indicate more rain
to-night. Fruits and vegetables are
reported greatly benefited by the down
pour.
Michael Dwyer's Bemains.
SYDNEY. N. S. W.. May «-Tho,cen
tenary of the Irish rebellion of 179S was
celebrate^ here to-day. The remains of
ftiicha* 1 Dwyer, who died in 1525, and the
remain! of his wife, were taken up and
reburied in St. Mark's Cathedral. The
ceremony was witnessed by thousands.
Tho foundation stone of the monument
w;is also laid.
Bight Hon. Spencer Walpole Dead.
LONDON, May 22.-The Right Hon.
Sponcer Horatio Walpole. Secretary of
State for the Home Department in Lord
Salisbury's second and third administra
tions, is'dead.
For Gladstone's Funeral.,
LONDON. May 22.— Saturday, May 28,
hae been fixed for the funeral of Mr.
Gladstone.
SPAIN'S TWO
NEW FLEETS
Reserve Squadrons to
Be Utilized.
BOTH MAY DEPART SOON.
SOME DOUBT AS TO THEIB DES
TINATION.
Despite the Spanish. Press Asser
tions, It Is Not Likely They
Will Go to the Phil
ippines.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, May 22.— With the incom
ing of the new government the greatest
Impetus has been given to activity in
the navy yards, and, it may be added,
to home defenses. Torpedoes have been
laid at the entrance of all important
harbors. The new Ministry has deter
mined to send out at once what is
known as a reserve squadron — that is
to say, the armed warship Pelayo, the
protected cruisers Carlos and Alfonso
XIII, the coast defense ship Victoria,
the torpedo destroyers Audaz, Pro
serpina and Destructor, the dispatch
boat Giraldi, the dispatch boats Kapido
and Patria and the armed trans-
Atlantic liners Joaquin de Pelago, Al
fonso XII, Antonio Lopez, Ciudad de
Cadiz and Buenos Ayres. To these will
be added the Reina Cristina, which is
being armed in Ferrol, and the Leon
XIII, which has already started from
Barcelona for Cadiz.
This fleet is likely to start at once,
and it -is publicly stated that it is go
ing to Manila. Significant suggestions
are made as to the possibility of the
Pelayo getting through the Suez Canal,
owing to her draught, but it may be
readily understood that tho Admiralty
is not giving its secrets away and that
the fleet will sail under sealed orders,
and that it is quite as likely to go west
as east.
GIBRALTAR, May 22.— The Governor
here will not allow war vessels pass
ing th*- straits to be reported.
The Spaniards are preparing what
they call their third squadron, which
will consist of the Princesa de Astunas,
f 7000 tons, and with a speed of twenty
knots, now at Cadiz; the < 'ordinal Cis
neros at Ferrol. of the same size and
speed; the Lehanto at Cartagena, of
5000 tons and a speed of twenty knots,
and the Numancia and Victoria, the
latter of which is being newly armored
and engined. There are also at Ferrol
the torixdo gunboats Dona Maria do
Molina, Marquis de la Victoria and
Don Alvaro de Bastan, each of SOO tons
and twenty knots speed.
Unless the American Government
moves quickly it will have the foregoing
to contend with in addition to Admiral
Cervera'B and Admiral Camara s
squadrons. Th" latter is expected to
leave Cadiz within a. few days. His
destination ta unknown, but is probably
the Antilles, notwithstanding that
newspapers say it is tlv> Philippines.
THOUSANDS OF ACRES
OF WHEAT SUBMERGED.
Break in a Levee on the Mississippi
Causes Imm^nss Loss to
Farmers.
QT'TNCT, 111.. May 22.— The break in
the Ifevee in the Indian district has caused
the spreading waters to cover an area
of nearly 15,000 acres of farming lands
and on part of them the water is threo
feel <leep. It is estimated that 3000 or 400(1
acres of wheat is submerged and It will
probably be a total loss. The streams
are out of their banks on the Missouri
si'l.' of the river opposite this city and
the farmers have not been able to cross
the bottoms since Thursday evening.
Much damage has been done by wash
outs and in the carrying away of bridges.
TWO RTSFUBL .CAN CLUBS.
Bakersfleld and Kern City Join the
State League.
BAKERSFIELD, May 22— The Repub
licans of this city met last night and
completed the organization of a club in
accordance with the State League. J.
W. Wiley was elected president and C.
L. McGee secretary. It was named the
Kern County Republican Club. A. C.
Maude was chosen to attend the meeting
of the State League in San Francisco.
Kern City Republicans organized a club
Friday night, with James Curran presi
dent and \V. V. Mftttlack secretary. It
was christened the Dewey Republican
Club of Kern. Both clubs start with a
strong membership.
Denied by the Turks.
WASHINGTON, May 22.— The imperial
Ottoman legation in Washington declares
that the dispatch of May 21 from Con
stantinople, published by tho American
papers, concerning the refusal by the
Turkish authorities to allow American
citizens to travel in the interior of the
empire, is absolutely and entirely with
out foundation.
Riot at Bhowanipoor.
CALCUTTA, May 22.— About 3000 people
took part in a riot which lasted two hours
at Bhowanlpoor, ninety-nine miles west
of Dynagephor, yesterday. Many of the
rioters -were injured and they were fin
ally dispersed by the police. Several at
trirjpts to renew the disturbance were also
suppressed by the authorities.
Corpse Cast Ashore.
SPANISHTOWN, May 22.— The body of
another of the men lost from the Can
adian schooner Mermaid, which was
wrecked near here three weeks ago, camo
ashore this morning. It was so badly de
composed that identification has been
impossible.
DID NOT WAIT
FOR ORDERS
Cervera Sailed on His
Own Responsibility.
OFFICIALS WERE IGNORED.
NOTIFIED ONLY AFTER HE LEFT
CAPE VEftDE.
"The State of My Country Compels
Me to Go to Meet the
Enemy," Was His
Message.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CADIZ, May 22.— 1t is stated here
very positively that the Pelayo, the
Carlos V, three of the trans-Atlantic
steamers and two torpedo-boata are
about to sail for the Philippines. The
Pelayo is well armpred and manned.
The Carlos V is well armed and manned
and has good guns, lut her heavy ones
forward will not swing, owing to a de
fect in the machinery and can be fired
only directly ahead.
The captains of these boats are good
men and experienced, but Admiral Ca
mara is regarded by naval men as dif
ficult to work with, giving orders and
contradicting them almost in the same
breath. He is from Malaga.
It is said here that there are mines
in Manila ha rbor that were not ex
ploded when the American fleet en
tered, electric communication being out
of order. This has, it is reported, now
been rectified and. preparations are
complete to give Admiral Dewey a
warm good-by should he attempt to
leave. The rumor will bear a big lump
of salt.
I hear that the Spanish fleet left St.
Vincent without instructions from the
Government at Madrid, and that Ad
miral Cervera wired:
"The state of my country compels me
to go to meet the enemy."
The Captains of the Vizcaya. Alml
rante Oquendo and Maria Teresa are
excellent commanders. The ships are
all in good shape and powerful, being
heavily armored and well handled. The
< 'ristobal Colon has no heavy guns, and
therefore is not formidable, but all four
of them are of 7000 tons each and can
steam twenty to twenty-one knots.
They are the ships our navy has most
to fear.
The Spaniards are preparing two
steamers, the ..nrmannia and Colum
bia, now the Rapido and Unatria, to
take on heavy guns. If they strengthen
the ships properly the work will require
several months.
The cruiser Alfonso XIII will remain
in Cadiz as a guardship, but as her
boilers are insufficient she cannot
steam more than six to seven knots,
and therefore is not of much use. I
feel certain that there are fifty mines
well laid in the Bay of Cadiz.
B'NAI B'RITH DELEGATES
MEET AT FORT WAYNE.
Annual Session of tne Second Dis-
trict, Comprising Middle and
Western States.
FORT WAYNE, Ind.. May 22.— The In
dependent Order of B'nal B'rith of the
second district, began its annual session
here to-day. Nearly 100 delegates are
present from the district, which com
prises Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, Missouri,
Kansas, Colorado and New Mexico. The
report of the asylum in Cleveland, in
which GOO or 600 orphans are cared for,
shows that there has not been a death
in the Institution for three years.
The committee on propaganda reported
new lodges in St. Louis. Louisville, Den
ver and other places. Bernard Freeman
of Cincinnati was elected trustee of the
endowment fund for five years, and
Louis Levy of St. Louis was elected trus
tee of the Orphans' Home at Cleveland.
SINKING A SHAFT TO
REACH THE BODIES.
Heroic Efforts of Miners to Recover
the Victims of the Mayors
ville, Pa., Disaster.
ALLENTOWN, Pa., May 22.— The four
men crushed to death yesterday by the
cave-in at Harbell & Swatz' hematile
ore mines near Mayorsville were Jacob
Relnhard, aged 40, having a wife and two
children; Oscar Reinard, his brother,
aged 34, having a wife and three children;
Morris Dry. single, aged 21, and Morris
Enp»'l. single, aged 20.
A shaft was sunk n^ar the place where
the bodies lay and men have been work
ing in shifts ever since the accident in
the effort to roach the bodies. At 5
o'clock this evening throe bodies were
within view under n broken mass of tim
bers. It may require constant work all
night to remove the bodies,.
FORTY-FIVE MINERS
MAY HAVE PERISHED.
Great Conflagration Breaks Out in
the Zollern Mine in
Prussia.
DORTMUND, Prussia, May 22.— A great
fire has broken out in the Zollern mine.
It is feared that at least forty-five miners
have perished.
Baseball at San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL, May 22.— A close and
exciting game of ball was played at the
new baseball grounds near the broad
gauge depot to-day between the San Ra
fael Baseball Club and the Kohlberg,
Strauss & Frohmans of San Francisco.
The latter team carried off the honors
with a score of 14 to 6.
INVASION
WILL BEGIN
THIS WEEK
War Department Sees No
Cause for Further
Delay.
President McKinley Eager to Has
ten the Attack on Blanco's
Army.
NEW YORK. May 22.— The 'Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
sends the following: No possible con
tingency can now arise, according to
the War Department officials, to pre
vent an invasion of Cuba during the
present week. Those In direct control
of affairs insist that climatic conditions
will have to be ignored and they can
see no other reason for further delay.
Owing to a change in the plans re
garding the number of troops that were
to constitute the Invading army, the
administration was obliged to put off
a combined attack on Havana until the
volunteer army could be thoroughly or
ganized, equipped and provided with
ammunition. These preparations have
now nearly reached the point of com
pletion, and it is confidently expected
that some important army movements
will be made before the end of the
week. I am told that a few weeks ago
the entire army which is to go to Cuba
had only 10,000,000 rounds of cartridges
at its disposal. This amount of am
munition, considering the size of the
army, would be insufficient to carry on
a long campaign. At the present time,
however, the army is well supplied
with both arms and ammunition.
It Is believed in the Navy Depart
ment that Admiral Orvera's fleet will
be either completely destroyed or driven
away from Cuban waters within the
next week. Secretary Alger, going on
this theory, is making every prepara
tion to have about 70,000 men ready to
leave Key West for Cuba upon short
notice. I understand on the best au
thority that if the American fleets do
TWO CONVICTS
IN A COMBAT
Desperate Fight at San
Quentin.
EACH IS BADLY WOUNDED.
! GUABDS SAVE TEE LIFE OF ONE
OF THE MEI«.
Prevent His Antagonist From Hurl
ing Him From a Balcony
to the Flagstones
Below.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN, May 22.— Within the
walls of the prison to-day there oc
curred a combat in which two convicts
fought each other until the floor of
their cell was rendered slippery with
blood. Interference by the guards at
a critical moment saved the life of one of
the combatants, just as his infuriated
opponent was in the act of hurling him
over the balcony to the stone flagging
below.
The convicts were F. Devine, alias
Liverpool, a burglar, committed from
Los Angeles, and J. Edwards, doing
seven years, from Pan Francisco. Both
men occupied cell 14. The fight began
at 6:30 o'clock this morning over the
possession of a pillow.
The men went at it tooth and nail.
Any article that could be grasped was
ADVERTISEMENTS. . ______
+B+B+B+B+S+B+B+a+B+S+B+E+H+H+a+B*H+B+B+S+BH
• jAnll tn Z^UUXJJI
Nothing That Has Merit Can Be Kept Down.
Some Wonderful Cures.
The day has come when merit only
can win. If a man claims that he can
ffr* \ IS^rfev cure a weakness or a pain which has
Sf W^vk existed for years he must back his
•I*® V*P* ili*« claim with proof. This is the reason for
I *l*§J ' . V zjjrfjn ' Dr. Sanden's great success. He has
J3l LfJy "^ifM ■' == '-'■ shown 10,000 testimonials of cures dur-
\k r*£T* jsMi ing > the past three years. The people
* r%^^" are close at home and can be seen -to
fe'^^S^^^l^-' prove their assertions. Dr. .Sanden'a
• %&&mS*^JrV^W Electric Belt is the most popular cura-
• $/■ss//%(*• tive remedy known to-day. It cures,
wf^Mv / llw&W and therefore people prefer it to drugs
MuW / Tit// ' " or the cheap, trashy belts sold in drug
- stores. His book,
"Three Classes of Men,"
Devoted to the weaknesses of men, tells : the cause of early decay in
young and middle-aged men. He electricity , Properly • ap-
plied, will restore this power, and gives the proof. It is free upon ap-
plication. A personal call preferred. * J^Y,
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. * IMPORTANT NOTICE *
702 M«^ mm, Corner W y . 8« I**- IMPORTANT NU I lit
Office hours— B a. m. to Sp. m. Sundays. 10 Dr. Sanden's offices •
to 1. Branches at Lob Angeles, Cal.; 204V4, South are no w at 702 Market
Broadway: Portland. Or.. 253 Washington st.; efrppt ■ ror-ner Gearv
Denver. Colo.. 931 Sixteenth st. ; Dallas. Tex.. w Street, corner ueary.
.'285 Main »t. :. • . ■■' : * . ..••, . -. f,.-. ... ■. ■• : 7~^£
not meet the fleet of Admiral Cerver*
within the next seven days the admin
istration will not any longer delay the
invasion.
The greatest secrecy Is to be main
tained in the War Department when It
is decided, to make a move against
Cuba. The Government wishes to feel
assured that the first intimation that
Spain will have of troops leaving Key
West will be when General Blanco sees
Americans on Cuban soil. I know that
Secretary Alger and Secretary Long
have agreed in regard to the convoys
that will accompany the transports
carrying troops.
The advocates of delay are still using
all their powers to get President Mc-
Kinley to put off the invasion until fall,
but with very little success. I waa
told by a prominent army officer who
has spent several years in Cuba that
the fright in regard to yellow fever has
been greatly exaggerated. He says
that with the arrangements made by
the medical department there will be
very little danger of yellow fever be
coming epidemic among the troops.
The principal difficulty in delaying
the invasion until late in June would
be the impassability of roads for cav
alry and artillery. This was pointed
out by Lieutenant Rowan in his report
to the Secretary of War. The Presi
dent would undoubtedly put off army
movements in Cuba until fall if it was
not Impossible on account of the starv
ing condition of the reconeemtrados.
Food must be taken to these people be
fore the autumn months or the United
States will be directly responsible for
deaths that occur in the meantime. The
President, realizing that fact, will do
all in his power to hasten the attack
on General Blanco's army.
used as a weapon. The conflict waa
waged for fully twenty-five minutes.
When the breakfast bell rang and the
cells were unlocked the men were cov
ered with blood. The fight was stopped
and the convicts made to emerge.
As they stepped upon the balcony De
vine picked up a piece of heavy hoop
iron, and, gripping it with both hands,
struck Edwards a crushing blow on the
head. The heavy iron inflicted a gash
four inches long and felled Edwards to
his knees. Rising quickly Edwards
sprang at Devine, grasped him by the
throat and threw him half way over
the railing surrounding the balcony, at
the same time endeavoring to kick the
struggling convict's hands loose from
their hold on the railing. The fall
would sorely have killed Devine, but at
this juncture the guards seized both
ni»n and placed them in straight jack
ets. After their wounds had been
dressed the combatants were taken
to the dungeon and shackeled to their
cells, where they will remain at least
thirty days and then be punished fur
ther after the next meeting of the
Prison Directors.
WOULD PAY BURGLARS
THE VALUE OF LOOT.
Senator Mason Issues an Appeal to
Crocks Who Robbed Hia
House of Keepsakes.
"WASHINGTON, May 22.— Last night
the residence of Senator William Mason
of Illinois. 1432 Chapin street, this city,
was entered by burglars, and jewelry
to the value of nearly $4000 was stolen.
Not a clew to either the burglars or to
j the jewelry has been obtained. This
evening Senator Mason issued to the
burglars a characteristic appeal, which
Ihe hopes will be heeded. It is as fol
lows:
To the jrentlom.in who robbed my house
last night: I will pay in cash more than
any one else for the watch and pin you
took last night, and Rive you ray word of
i honor that you ►shall not be prosecuted
for the taking of them. The pin has the
portrait of my little «or.. who died years
ago/ and -it was, a* was also the watch,
i a present. You can communicate with
me by mail or in person, and you can
rely absolutely on my promise not to
prosecute. WILLIAM I-:. MASON.
34
DEATH CLAIMS A
FAMOUS WRITER
BELLAMY, THE
AUTHOR, HAS
PASSED AWAY
Vital Energies Sapped
by Overwork.
HIS WRITINGS WORLD FAMOUS.
LEAVES 'LOOKING BACKWARD"
AS A MONUMEN'i'.
'His Health Had Been Rapidly Fail
ing Since He Finished His
''Equality" Some Eight
Months Ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass., May 22.—Ed
ward Bellamy, author and humanitar
ian, died early this morning at his
homo in Chicopee Falls, in the forty
ninth year of his age. Mr. Bellamy had
been in feeble health ever since he fin
ished his '"Equality," some eight
months ago. Indeed, long before it was
completed he had the most significant
warnings that his vital energies were
being undermined, although it was not
till August that his physicians defi
nitely told him that one of his lungs was
affected. At the earnest solicitations of
his physicians and family he resolved
to try the effect of the Colorado cli
mate, and early In September last re
moved with his family to Denver,
•where he was welcomed by a host of
his friends. He received, however, lit
tle or no benefit from the change and
since January has been rapidly failing.
When he recognized that recovery was
Impossible he became very anxious to
get back to his old family homestead
at Chicopee Falls, Mass., where he was
born, and where he had lived his en
tire life. His brother went to Denver
to help him realize this wish, and on
April 26 brought him back, very weak
but very peaceful, to his old home.
Edward Bellamy was born at Chico
pee Falls on March 26, 1850, and was
the third son of Rev. R. K. Bellamy,
for thirty-five years the pastor of the
Baptist Church at Chicopee Falls.
After finishing a course at Union Col
lege he completed his education by a !
year of European travel and study. By
the study of law he was, at 21 years of
age, admitted to the bar of Hampden
County, Mass. From the legal profes
sion he went into journalism, and for
Beveral years was assistant editor of
the Springfield Union, from which
newspaper he went to New York City
to accept a position as editorial writer
on the New York Evening Post, where
he was engaged for about one year,
■when he returned to Springfield and in
co-partnership with his brother, C. J.
Bellamy, started the Springfield Daily
News.
Meanwhile he ~-iblished "Six to One,"
"A Nantuekct Idyl, 'Dr. Heidenhoffs
Process," "Miss Ludington's Sister"
and other books. It was in 188S that his
famous book, "Looking Backward,"
was published, the sale of which, up to
the present time is over 450,000 copies
in. America, and probably over half a
million copies have been sold in Eng
land and other foreign countries.
"Looking: Backward" has been trans
lated into German, French, Russian,
Italian, Arabic, Bulgarian and several
other languages. It is stated that Em
peror William purchased 1000 copies of
"Loking Backward" which he distrib
uted among the students and working
classes of oermany. His reason for so
doing, if this is really true, is apparent
to those conversant with German pol
itics.
On the 30th day rt December, 1891,
Mr. Bellamy, being convinced that it
was his duty to supplement his efforts
in "Looking Backward" by educating
the people toward reforming govern
ment, issued the first number of "The
New Nation," a paper destined to be
come the most quoted and influential
political or revolutionary journal in the
■world. An idea of its influence may be
judged from the fact that since The
New Nation was started over 3500 pa
pers devoted to nationalism have been
launched in the TT nited States, Canada
and Mexico and thousands of papers,
through the direct inspiration of The
New Nation, have started departments
devoted to political reform, which are
conductor! and edited from the writings
of Mr. Bellamy in The New Nation and
"Looking Backward."
He leaves a widow and two children,
besides two brothers, Charles J. Bel
lamy, editor nf the Springfield Daily
News, and Frederick Bellamy of Brook
lyn. N. Y. His funeral will take place
at his home in Chiconee Falls, and by
his special request will be of the sim
plest possible character.
GREAT LOSS OF LIFE
AND PROPERTY RESULTS.
Reports Coming In of the Devasta
tion Caused by the Tornado
in Arkansas.
FAYETTEVTLLE, Ark.. May 22.— Tho
tornado which passed through a portion
of Northwestern Arkansas on Friday did
immense damage to property. Reports
Of the destruction are coming in slowly,
and it is feared that later details will
add" other names to the death list. The
„ storm came from the southeast, passing
" through the fruit belt of the Ozark re
gion, and tore Its way through the south
ern part of Benton County, spending its
force in the White River Valley. Every
thing in its path was destroyed, the
greatest damage being done near Elm
Springs, Lowell and Mudtown, the latter
place being entirely swept away.
At Elm Springs houses ; were blown
down, orchards destroyed and stock
killed. One man who had sought safety
in a cellar was killed." -' •■ . ■=■
. Two miles east of Elm Springs a man
named Billingsworth : and his wife were
killed. Their house was destroyed and
they were crushed to death by the debris.
A mile away a farm house occupied by an
Italian family was wrecked and the in
mates were instantly killed. Twenty
houses are reported blown away in the
vicinity of Elm Springs, but details have
not been received.
The storm was less severe In Crawford
•County,- but life was lost near Fort
Smith. A Mrs. Nesbit died from fright
while the gale was at its fiercest. *'
The house of W. S. Kimball, near
Bpringdale, was blown down and Kimball
•was instantly killed. Several other/farm
houses were blown down near Springdale
and from six to eight persons : were more
or lees seriously wounded. Some damage
was also done at Rogers and Saloam
Springs. / -
THE LATE EDWARD BELLAMY.
NAVAL EXPERTS
ENLIGHTENED
Armored Cruisers Are
in the Lead.
BEAT THE BIG BATTLESHIPS.
■ , -V" . '- %
MORE EFFECTIVE IN OFFENSIVE
WARFARE.
Lesson Taught by Maneuvers of Cer
vera's Speedy Squadron Upsets
the Theory of Captain
Goodrich.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 22.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: As a
result of the maneuvers executed by
the Spanish fleet under command of
Admiral Cervera, future naval con
structors will give armored cruisers a
prominent place in types adopted for
offensive warfare. This, perhaps, is the
best lesson taught up to this time by
the war with Spain. Such is the opin
ion of naval experts with whom I have
talked since' Admiral Cervera with his
speedy squadron arrived ten days ago
at Martinique. It mark 3 the downfall
of the theory so strongly advocated by
Captain C. F. Goodrich, now in com
mand of the Yale, and formerly a pro
fessor of the Naval War College, that
the armored cruiser has no place in
modern navies.
"Captain Goodrich is now probably
convinced of the value of armored
cruisers," said a prominent naval of
ficer to-day, "in view of the fact that as
commanding officer of the Yale he had
been scouting for the enemy's fleet some
days before its arrival at Martinique.
Since the war began we have been
using vessels for purposes for which
their types unsuited them. For in
stance, the Indiana, Massachusetts and
Oregon are coast defense battleships.
Yet they have been sent to sea cruising
for the enemy, when they were really
intended for defensive purposes.
"Then we have been employing har
bor defense monitors for blockading
purposes and for offensive warfare, the
result being to crippie the maneuvering
quality of our fleet and the handicap
ping of Rear Admiral Sampson seri
ously in his offensive and defensive
operations.
"Our ship-biillding policy has been all
wrong. The country has gone on the
theory that a defensive navy was all
that was necessary. The present war
teaches that an offensive navy is abso
lutely required."
Have Turned to Mining.
BERKELEY, May 22.— The senior class
of the college of civil engineering at the
university consists of one man, W. C.
Pidge '99. When Pidge entered college
three years ago he had a number of fellow
classmen in the civil engineering college
with him, but with the recent mining re
vival most of them changed their course
to mining. The civil engineering depart
ment graduated nine men at the last com
mencement, and the older alumni of the
civil engineering college are now looking
anxiously toward Pidge to keep the line
of C. E.s from becoming extinct.
For Rhode Island's Naval Reserves.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. May 22.— The
United States ship Hist, formerly the
yacht Thespla, arrived here to-day for
the Rhode Island naval reserves who aje
enlisting in the navy for patrol duty.
She mounts five guns.
Spanish Government's Anxiety.
LONDON, May 23.— A Madrid special
to the Daily Mail says: The Govern
ment waits for results from Admiral
Cervera before deciding as to the orders
for the second squadron.
Falls Dead From a Bicycle.
SEATTLE. May 22.— Robert .1. ttodds.
Councilman from the Fourth Ward, drop
ped dead this afternoon while riding his
bicycle on the Lake Union path. Mr.
Dodds had been having considerable
trouble with his heart, and to that is at
tributed his Burden death.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 23. 1898.
OVATION TO
DESCHAMPS
Montserrat's Captain at
Madrid.
GIVEN A ROYAL GREETING.
CROWDS HAIL THE BLOCKADE
RUNNER.
He Is Believed to Be the Bearer of
Official Messages From
Blanco to Senor
Sagasta.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, May 22.— Captain Des
champs of the Spanish auxiliary cruis
er Montserrat, which arrived unexpect
edly at Corunna on Friday evening
from Cienfuegos, having escaped the
American blockading ships, reached
Madrid this afternoon. In spite of the
existing state of siege, immense crowds
awaited his coming in the approaches
to the railroad station. The station,
the palace and other prominent places
were cordoned by police.
The populace welcomed Captain Des
champs with the wildest enthusiasm,
and the police surrounding the carriage
in which he rode were scarcely able to
restrain the surging crowds from un
harnessing the horses. Captain Des
champs was driven to the Place Inde-
pendence, the residence of Marquis
Comillas. It is reported that he has
brought dispatches from General
Blanco for Senor Sagasta.
Senor Puigceiver, Minister of Fi
nance, has submitted to the Chamber a
bill temporarily reducing the import
duty on coal to one peseta per ton. The
conservative press criticises the meas
ure as calculated to injure the native
coal industry.
Senor Leon y Castillo will, on arriv
ing at Paris, continue his negotiations
with Senor Betances, the Cuban repre
sentative, for the submission of the in
surgents. _____ - ____^_____
PARLIAMENTARY GENERAL
ELECTIONS IN FRANCE.
Moderates Have Twelve Seats in the
Second Balloting, the Social
ists Gaining Four.
PARIS, May 23.— 50 far as known at
this hour the Moderates have lost twelve
seats in the second balloting In the Parlia
mentary general elections, the Socialists
gaining four and the Monarchists none.
One hundred and sixty-nine results show
the election Of 66 Moderates, 59 Radicals,
34 Socialists and 10 Monarchists.
M. Clovis Hugues, M. Monsieur, Prince
d'Arenberg and M. Daniel Wilson and M.
Cassagnac are among the elected. Among
the defeated are Comte de Perigord,
Comte Rochefoucauld, M. Deno Goblet,
M. Emile Floques, M. Andrieux, M. Jean
Dartan and M. Lebon and M. Jules de
Velle.
MAYOR VAN WYCK
MAY BE SUSPENDED.
Charged That He Has Violated Pro
visions of the Greater New-
York Charter.
NEW YORK, May 22.— The Press to
morrow will say: Governor Black, when
he returns to Albany from the Adiron
dacks. will be requested to suspend Mayor
Van Wyck from office. Eminent law
yers who have been consulted advise that
the Mayor has disregarded the Greater
New York charter in his actions regard
ing the Police Board.
OLYMPICS WIN THE
RELAY RACE OF RENO.
Their Last • Bider Finishes a Half-
Mile in Front of His Ne
vadan Competitor.
RENO, . Nev., May . 22 —The Olympic
Wheelmen -.; of , San > Franc!s»co won - the
fifty '} mile relay ' race "r, to V• v- their last
rider finishing a half-mil* m front of the
Reno mf«. ;> ■■ . ' ,v, v ; •
SPANIARDS YET
HOPE FOR AID
Powers May Eventually
Interfere.
SENOR CAPDEPON TALKS.
LIKENS HIS NATION TO A
BRAVE DUELLIST.
Goes Forth to Meet a Much Stronger
Antagonist, Yet Does Not
Shirk the Call of
Honor.
Sr^dal Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, May 22.— 1t Is rumored that
Senor Leon y Castillo will return to his
post at Paris.
Senor Capdepon, Minister of the In
terior, has denied in the course of an in
terview that the change in the consti
tution of the Ministry would involve
any alteration in the foreign policy of
Spain, all the new Ministers being in
favor of prosecuting the war to the end
with the utmost energy.
"Spain," said Senor Capdepon, "went |
perilously near sacrificing her honor in
the interest of peace, only making a
stand when further concessions would i
have involved her disgrace and efface- !
ment as a nation. This she will never j
do, and in this resolve the new Cabinet [
is as thoroughly determined as the old.
The new Cabinet entertains no illu- ;
sions. It is a war in which weakness j
and poverty are opposed to greatness I
and strength; but Spain is in the posi- |
tion of a duellist bound to defend his i
honor against the gross insults of a !
more powerful antagonist, although he '
is convinced that the result is almost
certain death, yet feels the force of the j
principle of 'Noblesse oblige.'
"Spain prefers possible defeat to cer
tain disgrace. Ministers know that the
moral sympathies of the powers are j
with Spain, and that while hesitating j
to undertake the responsibility for ac
tion which might lead to a greater war j
they may eventually intervene from
motives of self-interest and public pol
icy on behalf of Spain."
FULFILLING GOD'S WORD.
King Immanuel Mustering
Forces to Sweep Tyranny
From the Earth
Rev. Oliver C. Miller, pastor of the
Church of the Holy Spirit. 2127 Jackson
street, in his sermon on the "Ascension
of Christ,'" made the following reference
to the promise of the angels concerning
the second coming of the Lord:
"Can we not discern in the present war
the approaching fulfillment of these
words, 'This same Jesus which is taken
up from you into heaven, shall so come
In like manner as ye have seen him go
into heaven.' Before the first advent of
our Lord God had made the wrath of
man to praise him in the unifying of
nations; Roman power dominated the
world, and th^ Greek language was made
the perfect and universal vehicle of the
new truths of the gospel. May not the
proposed Anglo-American alliance yet
become the chosen instrument of his
power to prepare the way for the second
coming of our Lord, by the preaching of
his gospel as a witness to the nations of
the earth? We can not believe in the
predictions of an early close of the pres
ent war. It appears we have not yet
even reached fully the beginning. The
blood of centuries is upon Spain, and it
is God that says 'Vengeance is mine, I
will repay.' Is not King Immanuel mus
tering his forces to sweep t> ranny and
oppression from the face of the earth?
The church needs the power of shot and
shell to break down the barriers, that
the word of the Lord may have free
course to run und be glorified. It seems
as though Spain would be inspired Dy
the evil one to fight until she dies as
a Government from the face of the earth.
Russia, too, must look out, for God has
borne ■ long with her tyranny, and the
horror of her Siberian prisons pleads for
vengeance and relief. If Japan were to
ally herself with us would she not, in the
heat of the conflict, be wedded to our
Christian civilization in indissoluble
bonds? Is not the possession of the
Philippines or the thunder of brave Dew
ey's cannon calculated to awaken China's
millions from their dreadful slumber of
darkness and death? Will not Gcd pun
ish the atheism of Franco, and will not
Germany be purged from her rationalism?
Surely he who eliminates the divine fac
tor from the present impending- crisis can
not discern the sign of the times. Since
our nation has arisen to prominence as
the Good Samaritan of nations, she must
take higher grounds in morals and re
ligion. In short she, too, must be purged
from her Iniquity by blood and sacrifice.
Inhuman and ungodly nations must even
tually go down. Injustice and inhuman
ity are foes of Jesus and must, therefore,
be made his footstool. The present war
is a mighty evidence of the living power
of the truth as it is in Jesus. It is the
making bare of Immanuel's arm to loose
them that are bound, that is bringing on
this war. It is the truth in Christ that
makes men free, and it is He that is
marching on the rows of glittering steel
and thunder of musketry and cannon."
"GOD'S EYE UPON THEM."
Dewey's Great Victory Due to
the Omnipotent's Help Ac-
cording to Pastor Dugan.
Rev. W. B. Dugan of the Simpson Me
morial United Presbyterian Church
preached an eloquent sermon last even
ing to a large congregation. He chose
as his subject "The Jaw tione Fountain,"
and cleverly fitted it to Dewey's great vic
tory in Manila Harbor. In the course of
his remarks he Bald:
Samson Blew 1000 men with the Jawbone of an
ass and was immediately seized with a fearful
thirst, and it seemed that he would die after
his victory. Dewcy has had a preat victory,
but what about the present and the future?
Samson was brought to this state of fatigue
because he gave not God the gloiy in his vic
tory. He must be made to feel his dependence
on Ood. It we had given God the glory for the
Manila victory he no doubt would have fol
lowed it with greater ones and tie war would
have been terminated, but we may yet through
some defeats have to learn that at Manila
God's eye looked along America's guns. His
spirit fired American powder and his power
rolled American balls. If we do not recognize
It now we shall through some defeats, but
ultimately the victory shall be ours. If we
have any defeats it will only be to teach us
our dependence on God. A» God from that
blood-stained Jawbone brought a fountain of
living waters, bo from the blood-stained imple
ments of this war shall he bring a fountain of
truth and gospel life-giving power to bless the
world. Yes, every flame of fire from America's
guns is a flame of burning truth to drive back
the powers of darkness and enemies of human
ity for whom Christ died. Every crop of Amer
ican blood spilled shall go rolling through the
world and across the ages fraught with that
eternal truth that surges beneath God's throne.
Napoleon's soldiers carried the gospel across
the Alps in their knapsacks, and America's
guns shall shoot it lntr> the heart of the
heathen kingdoms. America's bullets are
saturated with Justice, truth and mercy. Sweep
on eternal fountain from the blood-stained im
plements of war.
A fresh egg is known by the dull ap
pearance of Its shell; a bad egg looks
glossy. Drop an egg into if it
sinks quickly and remains at the bottom
it is probably fresh, but if it stands on
one end it is doubtful, and if it floats it
is quite bad. The light test te applied bx,
placing the egg on end in front of a
paper tube and holding it up to a candle.
If, on looking througn it, the yelk ap
pears round and the white surrounding it
ia clear, the chances are that the egg is
fresh.
RIVAL FLEETS
HAVE NOT MET
Rumors of a Conflict
Unfounded.
DENIED AT WASHINGTON.
OFFICIAL BULLETIN POSTED TO
QUIET FEABS.
Navy Department Not Disposed to
Be Too Hasty in Its Ef
forts to Crush Spain's
Ships.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 22.
The rumors of a great naval battle
current last, night were disposed of by
the Navy Department early to-day in
the following official bulletin:
"No truth in the published staement
concerning an engagement off St. Nico
las Mole, Hayti, in which twelve ships
were sunk."
This was posted not only for general
information but also to quiet the alarm
among relatives and friends of those
on board American ships. As a rule
the department adopts the cautious
phraseology of stating that no official
information has been received, but to
make assurance doubly sure in this
case the department declared there was
"no thruth " in the re- orts. This mdi
cates that the official information is
such as to warrant the statement that
the American and Spanish squadrons
have not met.
The Bureau of Navigation, Navy De
partment, .where official dispatches are
received, was open throughout the day,
but the officials were engaged in rou
tine work and there was no evidence
of that activity which would attend
the receipt of important information,
nor of that keen expectancy which
would indicate the near approach of
the two fleets. In the absence of exact
information as to the location of the
fleets this serenity in naval circles was
a fair indication that the official ad
vices did not give promise of an imme
diate engagement. It is evidently the
view of the War Board that an engage
ment, if it can be brought on, will be
decisive of the whole war. and there is
no purpose to allow such momentous
results to go off on a fluke or on a too
precipitous move in deference to the
public pressure for results, but to move
firmly, yet cautiously, and insure a
victory when there is a fight.
GOING TO MANILA.
The Auxiliary Gunboat Iro-
quois to Accompany
the Monterey.
The Monterey will go to Mare Island to
day to make preparations for her voyage
to Manila. The monitor has only re
cently been overhauled and is in first
class condition. She will take on all the
coal she can stow away, and this, with
a full supply of ammunition, will take
about four days to place on board. By
Thursday or Friday at the latest it is
thought she will be ready to start on her
trip.
The auxiliary gunboat Iroquois, for
merly the big tug Fearless, it is expected
will accompany the Monterey for the
purpose of assisting her if the monitor
runs short of coal. The Iroquois is ready
for sea and is fully capable of towing the
big floating fortress along at a cracking
pace in any sea. A collier will be dis
patched to the Marshall Islands, mid
way between Honolulu and the Philip
pines, where there is good anchorage in
smooth water, for coaling the Monterey.
With this, and the supply of coal she will
get at Honolulu, it is thought she will
get through with little or no trouble.
The Iroquois will prove a valuable ad
dition to Admiral Dewey's fleet. She will
answer the purpose of a dispatch boat
better than the McCullough, and her
rapid-fire guns and comparatively light
draught will enable her to cover the land
ing of troops on the smaller islands where
necessary.
A couple of the Utah and Idaho soldiers
who came in on the train yesterday were
taken to the Harbor Receiving Hospital.
M H. Acharet of the Utah contingent
had a broken arm set by Dr. Zabala. The
train that brought the soldiers from Sac
ramento was cheered at every stopping
place by big crowds. Acharet was cheer
ing back and waving a small flag, when
the arm he had out of the window struck
against a telegraph pole as the train was
moving out of the station and it was
broken between the elbow and shoulder.
After the fracture was reduced he was
sent to the French Hospital.
Ira Wycoff of Idaho was also treated
by Dr. Zabala for measles and pneumonia.
He, too, was sent to the French Hospital.
The Pennsylvania Regiment.
OGDEN, Utah, May 22.— The Tenth
Pennsylvania Infantry. Colonel Hawkins,
1000 men in thirty-one cars, left at 2
o'clock to-day for San Francisco. The
men look like regulars, healthy and
strong, and many wear sharpshooters'
badges. They expect to see hard fighting
if there is any in the Philippines. They
travel in PennsyH'ania cars On their own
time. They will reach San Francisco in
about forty-five hours. They left in tnree
sections.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
fillip
(UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF H. LIEBES & CO.),
35 Years in the Alaska Trade.
THE ELEGANT- STEEL STEAMSHIP
I_i El I_i.A_3>T.A."W",
Al 100 Lloyds. Capacity, 500 Passengers; 3000 Tons.
First Sailing = = JUNE sth.
-— DIRECT TO-
DAW/SON CITY
And ALL POINTS on Yukon River, Connecting at ST. MICHAEL
With Our Fleet of New River Boats. Now in Alaska.
Through fIS^ISJA OO v First-Class
Tickets, S'^^V/i Only.
150 LBS. BAGGAGE FREE— NO LIMIT TO EXCESS.
1. -west Rates to Any Point on Route. Freight for Dawson City, 10c a Pound.
Special Kates for Other Points on the River.
MERCHANDISE ORDERS. LETTERS OF CREDIT.
No Fee Charged to Passengers.
*»" Vessels now leading:, for ST. MICHAEL. Boats, Machinery and
Freight taken at the Lowest Rates. Owning our own Warehouses. Wharf,
Lighters and TowboatsJ^^^^^^^l^^gj^g^jMß ' ~ 'XT
GENERAL PASSENGER AND FREIGHT OFFICES,
139 POST ST., S. F. LIEBES BUILDING.
SAYS JUSTICE
WAS CHEATED
Murderer Writes From
an Asylum.
DECLARES HIMSELF SANE.
TIRED OF THE FARCE THAT
SAVED HIS NECK.
Slayer of "Billy" Miles at Marys
ville Indites a Letter to the
Yuba County Board of
Supervisors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, May 22.— When, in
May, 1894, Hugh Buchanan, at that
time a recent arrival in Marysville,
stabbed to death in a saloon brawl one
"Billy" Miles, it was believed to be a
cold-blooded murder, without mitigat
ing circumstances. Buchanan lingered
in jail a few days after the murder,
and then realizing the awful predica
ment he was in he indited letters to his
aged mother and other relatives in
Georgia, setting forth his situation.
Buchanan's elder brother, a merchant
in a Georgia city, started for California
forthwith, and in due time reached
Marysville. "When he returned to his
Georgia home it was with a feeling of
great satisfaction at the results of his
trip. For. thanks to the powerful in
fluence of a healthy bank account, that
telling quantity so effective in locating
the loopholes in the law, he had landed
the murderer of "Billy" Miles in an in
sane asylum, and snatched him from
the yawning grates of the penitentiary,
if not from the scaffold. For the jury
had decided, guided by the testimony of
medical experts, that young Buchanan
was of unsound mind when he plunged
a knife into the breast of his victim,
and therefore not responsible for the
deed.
That was four years ago. And now
comes the sequel:
Early this month there was filed with
the Clerk of the Superior Court papers
in a suit instituted by Attorney-General
Fitzgerald ag-ainst Yuba County, and
in which the Napa State Hospital, a
corporation, was named as plaintiff.
The amount of judgment asked for is
$540 and interest, alleged to be due "for
the care of Hugh Buchanan, an insane
murderer, sent to the institution July
21, 1894." The period covered in the
complaint is from October 21, 1894, to
October 21, 1897. Prior to the latter date
the claim was presented to the Board of
Supervisors and by them rejected.
As is the custom, the Marysville pa
pers made note of the suit and in due
time the Napa Register copied the
item. That issue of the paper found its
way to Buchanan at the asylum, and
the article was read by him.
That the young ran has not be
come estranged from that pride and
self-esteem inculcated into his early
training at his Georgia home, and that
he has always been responsible for the
taking of "Billy" Miles' life, is best in
dicated in the langu sre and sentiment
found in the following letter which he
addressed to Yuba County's Supervi
sors on reading the article touching on
the suit:
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors
of Yuba County, Marysville— Gentlemen;
It was with a great sense of humiliation,
chagrin and shame that I read in yes
terday's Napa Register that the county of
Yuba'was being sued by the State for my
maintenance since here. I have, I admit
with regret, been wild and reckless dur
ing a portion of my life. Yet I have not
cut the acquaintance of my conscience
sufficiently to deter me from considering
and believing and feeling that it is a
rank injustice thrust upon the good peo
ple of Yuba to be compelled to pay such
an amount for me while this farce is be
ing enacted. Upon my honor, I affirm
that I am a perfectly sane man, and
should be free, or a charge of the State
in San Quentin. Dr. Gardner Is the one
that should be sued for harboring me, and
Imposing on the people of Yuba.
A writ of habeas corpus should be served
on him, and by producing me before any
Judge I would be pronounced sane. I am
powerless to do so myself. If. however,
this matter -should go against you in the
Superior Court you can investigate the
matter If you so see fit. I assure you that
you will be saddled with the board of a
sane man.
It was seen from this th~t Buchanan
has grown very tired of his asylum
horne — go tired that he is willing to take
his chances with a Yuba County Jury
that will hear his case on its merits.
A retrial of the case will probably be
ordered. _______________
SOLDIERS AT CHURCH.
Rev. F. B. Cherington Ad-
dresses the Washington
Volunteers.
Plymouth Congregational Church was
filled yesterday at the morning service
with the troops of the First Regiment of
Washington Volunteers. Rev. F. B.
Cherington, the pastor. In his address,
said :
By the legitimate development of Christ's re
ligion the solidarity of the race is coming to
be recognized as a- sublime fact. v , T 9L t Ti!?:
tion of 6000 years ago. Am I my Brother s
keeper? is coming to be understood .n» road
practical, far-reaching way. The tine has
come when Christ's oft-repeated doctrine that
the- legitimate mission of « r th nl ' -, . n ,' p
the weak, Is beginning to ' find a place In in
ternational as well as national affai.B. The
Turkish atrocities upon the Armenians ha™
j roused Christian Europe to a sense V>r th,«
duty as never before. The better elements £
all Christian : countries have felt that Euro
pean diplomacy has sinned ■unpardonably In Its
failure to recognize and enforce this f rea . £[>"
clple. While growing with all chrlst ™. ,!*
this . feeling. Americans^ were roused W he
fact that at our very doors a n fl d , ]p £' e hl £ tro c!
natural sphere of our national influence, atroc
ities ecarcely less great were grind ing out the
lives and hopes of hundreds of thousand; s. ■-. r e
waited long, but vainly, hoping that the nor
rible misrule would end. and -something^lka
the spirit of the nineteenth century come to
characterize Spain's administration but sh«
seems as far from sympathy with nineteen. a
century civilization as when Corte* a nd rus
ruffian band found and destroyed the splen
did Aztec civilization. Pizarro and his des
peradoes wrought like havoc upon the mag
nificent Inca civilization, and the Duke «
Alva sought to trample out in Wooa and nn
the sturdy heroes of brave little^Holland. ± ™
400 years of almost unbroken atrocity ■eemea to
culminate in the unparalleled barba.ities or
areUStS &ass «>«s
-hall be lifted from the unhappy island it nas
cursed so long. —^—^— —
ALL MEN
Suffer more or less as they grow old
But it is also true that a number of young
men are to be found who are old before
their time. Some even are said to be
old before they are young. What causes
this? Disregard of the laws of nature.
It is your duty to live your life according
to the laws of good reason — to use
nature's gifts with common sense, and
not to abuse them. The one certain
result of excess is weakness. Will power
goes ; nerves get all unstrung ; sleep
does not refresh ; confidence in your own
powers is destroyed, and you can do
nothing with either satisfaction to your-
self or any one else. The joy of vigor-
I ous manhood which you once had you
can never
Why not feel it again? Never despair
I Thousands upon thousands have been (
| cured and made men of whose vitality
I was wasting away, and from whom hops
I had almost gone. It is the mission of
j "Hudyan" to bring prompt reiief and a
permanent cure to all cases of weak and
weakened vital force. "Hudyan" makes
the very fingers tingle with fresh life,
with fresh hope, with buoyant spirits and
with the sense of full power. Work is
again a pleasure. Ask for free circulars
and testimonials showing what wonders
it has accomplished. There are cases
from every State in the Union and many
from abroad. Remember, no particle of
expense to you. Medical advice is free,
too. Be a man once more. Be full of
hope instead of dull
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
San Francisco.
- ■ ■
ALASKA
AND
KOTZEBUE SOUND
STEAMERS.
First-Class to Dawson
$200.
ALASKA-YUKON TRANSPORTATION CO.
(Polar Bear Line*
"Will Dispatch the Following- Steamer*:
May 25, 1898 For St. Michael
The New Electric Lighted Steamer
NATIONAL CITY,
Connecting at that point with the magrnlncant
river steamers "James Eva," "J- W. Scam-
mell," "H. H. BarlinR 11 and "Hetty B." for
Dawson and Yukon Kiver points. '
June 1, 1898 For St. Michael
The Magnificent Steamer
EXCELSIOR,
Connecting- with the above river boats.
250 Pounds Baggage Free.
The lowest of rates can be obtained on these
steamer*. ALASKA-YUKON TRANSPORTA-
TION COMPANY. General Office. 3 Steuart
St., San Francisco. Cal.
THE
WEEKLY
GHLL
It Publishes the Cream of th» .
News of. the Week and
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ORIGINAL FEATURES. !
IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
PAPER ON THE
PACIFIC COAST
The Best ' \ / Mining
Telegraphic \S News That
Service on /\ Is Accurate
The Coast / \& up to date
Not a Line of it Sensational
or Faky, and Not a Line of
it Dry or Uninteresting.
. ~~~  ., t~~ j*i
Bright, Clean, j A Champloo of
Thoughtful. I Truth.
' ' '• >•■-•'■•'•' •• ■•'• - • 1 m
A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER f
ALL THE TIME.
SIT ADVOCATES 1 SENT BY -
HOME MAIL, Sl.3©
INDUSTRIES 1 A YEAR.ORDERS TO MOVE ON MANILA TODAY
CALIFORNIA volunteers will be
the first troops to embark for the
Philippine expedition, ami to San
Francisco's crack regiment, the
"Fighting First," falls this honor.
Verbal orders were given late Satur
day night to the First California, Sec
ond Oregon, Fourteenth United States,
and a detachment of the California, to
hold themselves in readiness for Imme
diate embarkation, but no definite time
was set until General Otis' order,
quoted above, was handed to the vari
ous commanders. As will be seen by
this order, the First California will em
bark at 8 o'clock this morning. The
Second Oregon will go on board the
Australia Tuesday, while the Four
teenth and the artillery detachment
"will break camp Wednesday.
Immediately on receipt of these or
ders there was the greatest bustle and
activity in iho quarters of the lucky
commands, particularly the First. New
rifles from the Kenicia Arsenal had
been received and were being dis
tributed wh^n the order reached Colonel
Smith. He immediately ordered an In
spection of his regiment in heavy
marching order, and as soon as the new
rifles had been issued the twelve com
panies fell in and marched to the slope
south of the car tracks. An immense
crowd witnessed the ceremony of in-
Bpection, which was conducted by Cap
tain Mallory of General Otis' staff.
The regiment is now fully equipped and
the inspecting officer was greatly
1 with the appearance of the
men.
After the inspection the last supper in
the Presidio camp was prepared and
Bed of, after which the men be
gan the work of loading baggage onto
trucks. Far into the night this work
continued, and as last as one truck
was loaded it was dis] to the
mail dock and another t".,k its place.
Among :!'.•■ stores aboard the ship
• ,000 rounds «".' rifle ammunition,
extra i-mus, mess equippage and in fact
everything but what the men actually
required in camp last night.
THiring the evening Colonel Smith ls
orders for the moving of his com
mand tins morning. Reveille will b<?
: <1 at 4 a. m. and breakfast
served an hour later. Tents will be
struck, rolled and I ■ hatrgage
i, and promptly at 7 the
nent will march out through the
: entrance to tho
Ho. The line of march will be
down Lombard street to Van Ness ave
long that thoroughfare to Golden
INSPECTION OF THE FIRST CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY.
Gate, to Market, to Third, to Brannan,
to the Mai] dock
San Francisco will turn out In a body
to speed the departing troops who
came from their midst, and early as is
the hour for their moving a greater
crowd will probably line the streets*
than that which cheered the First
United States Infantry on its way to
Tampa. General Dickinson has ordered
the Second Brigade, N. G. C. Signal
Corps and Troop A, cavalry, to escort
the gallant First, and many other or
ganizations will be in line.
Though the regiment will embark
early, it is doubtful if the Peking sails
before Wednesday. Down at the Mall
dock the Peking and City of Sydney
were receiving stores all day long.
There seemed to be no method in the
way the goods were handled, and In
consequence there was much delay. It
will take all of to-day to get the stores
and equipments on hoard, and then the
troopship will go into the stream to re
eetve MOO tons of ammunition. This will
take all of Tuesday to put aboard, so
that it will be Wednesday before the
vessel will be ready to put to sea.
The coaling and loading of the Aus
tralia was finished last evening, and as
soon as her contingent of troops is
aboard she will be ready for sea. As
soon as the Zealandia, which is due to
morrow, has discharged her passengers
and cargo she will be litted out In a
hurry and will quickly follow the Aus
tralia.
FIRST TROOPS FOR MANILA.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May 22, 1898.
General Order No. 4.
The First California and the Second Oregon United States Volun
teers, and one battalion of the Fourteenth United States Infantry, and^ a
detachment of California heavy artillery, consisting of an officer and fifty
enlisted men, will constitute a brigade of the expeditionary forces about to
depart from this port, and is placed under the command of Brigadier Gen
eral Thomas M. Anderson. United States Volunteers. The vessel desig
nated to transport this command are the City of Peking, the City of Syd
ney and the Australia.
The First California Regiment will ship on the Peking to-morrow
morning, the 23d inst.. and will report at the Pacific Mail steamers'
wharf at Ba. m. The headquarters and two battalions of the Second
Oregon Regiment will ship on the steamer Australia Tuesday mornin~.
the 24th inst., reporting at pier 7, Oceanic Steamship Company's dock,
at Ba. m. The headquarters and a battalion of the Fourteenth United
States Infantry, a battalion of the Second Oregon Regiment and the de
tachment of California heavy artillery will report at the Pacific Mail Com
pany's wharf for shipment on the City of Sydney at 8 o'clock on the
24th inst.
Orders effecting the medical attendance of the troops, also supply
departrr.ents and concerning the freighting of vessels, have been o'. will
be issued in due season and executed, so that the vessels may imme
diately depart as soon as troops are placed on board.
Rv rntnmnnd of Maior General Otis.
THOMAS H. BARRY, Assistant Adjutant General.
The detailing of Captain Dennis
Geary to command the first detach
ment of artillery to go to the Philip
pines is a well deserved compliment to
that officer. Captain Geary has spent
the greater portion of his life in the
regular and National Guard service.
He came to San Francisco a dozen
years ago with the First United States
Artillery, having served with that regi
ment as private, corporal, sergeani and
first sergeant for fifteen years. Tiring
of the army he secured an appointment
on the police force here and joined the
old Third Infantry. His rise in the
National Guard was rapid, and when
the consolidation of the three regi
ments in this city took place two years
ago he was retired as colonel of artil
lery. When the call for volunteers came
Colonel Geary was among the first to
respond. His response to Governor
Budd's query as to what he wanted
was characteristic of the man. Budd
was besieged by applicants for com
missions, and when he turned to Colonel
Geary he supposed that nothing short
of general would be asked for. He
was somewhat taken aback when
Geary, in answer to his query, prompt
ly replied:
"Merely a chance to get killed, sir!"
Governor Budd immediately named
him lieutenant of one of the artillery
batteries, and the following day pro
moted him to the captaincy.
Army officers regard Geary as one of
the best artillerymen in the country,
and this opinion is proven by his se
lection to go with the advance.
It is estimated that 60,000 people vis
ited the Presidio and Richmond camps
yesterday, and the men were permitted
to receive their friends In quarters. Lit
tle was done in the way of military
duty, so the boys had plenty of time
to devote to the pretty gins.
Colonel Johnson of the Sixth Califor
nia went to Stockton yesterday, leav
ing Major Grant In command. He will
return to-day.
In the camp- of the Fourteenth and
the Second Oregon officers and men
were quietly making preparations for
their departure for the Orient.
The Seventh California hopes to get
away with the second flotilla that will
probably start in a week. Now that the
First is equipped, Colonel Berry hopes
to have his requisitions filled by the
middle of this week. The men of his
command are envious of those who
have been chosen to lead the expedition
and if they are not called upon soon
their disappointment will be Intense.
During tie morning hours religious i
THE SAX FK AyCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAT 23, 1898.
services were held by most of the chap
lains of the volunteer regiments, and it
speaks well for the boys in blue that
I at every such gathering there was a
: large attendance.
Father Yorke. assisted by Father Me
] Kennon. held low mass in the camps of
i the i lrst Retriment. Father Yorke's
! sermon to the men who are about to
!go t<> Manila was a powerful address
i upon the obedience, disclplineand duties
of a soldier. His text w;ih from the
I eighth chapter of Matthew: "For I
also am a man subject to authority,
having under me soldiers; and I say to
{ this man: Go. and he goeth; and to
i another: Come, and he cometh."
— — —
OFF FOR MANILLA.
The Cruiser Charleston Begins
Her Long Voyage to
Dewey's Succor.
The cruiser Charleston got away on her
voyage to the Philippines early yester
j day morning. At i a. m. everything was
ready for a start, and shortly after that
the cruiser got under way. Just as the
vessel was beginning to forge ahead The
Call's paper boat arrived on the scene and
put papers aboard for the officers and
crew. The Call was the only paper in
San Francisco that remembered the de
parting sailors, and the men cheered for
the gift loudly as the cruiser and launch
parted company.
Passing down the bay not a vessel in
port took any notice of the departing
cruiser, and not one of the ferry boats
tooted a good-by with their whistles.
When passing out through the heads
John Hyslop, the observer for the Mer
chants 1 Exchange, dipped the stars and
stripes on his flag pole three times, and
the Charleston responded. That was the
last good-by given to the warship.
It w«ts B:ju o'clock yesterday when the
whistle of a oteamw attracted the at
tention of the noldlers at -the Presidio
and word of the aproach of the cruiser
(Charleston, bound for Manila, sproid
Ilkif Tire. Her appearance was the signal
for an exodus among the soldiers, who
as one man flocked down to the be. ten
to cheer the vessel. In a few minutes
the camp was deserted and thousands of
the boys in blue lined the water's t^lge.
As the lead-colored messenger of war
slipped along the northern side of the
bay the soldiers cheered her to the echo.
Captain Glass was up on the briiige
and he lifted his hat in acknowledgment
of the cheering, while the CharlestiA's
whistles rang out a lusty good-by. The
cruiser was making excellent time as she
passed through the Golden Gate, and she ,
presented an. inspiring sight with her'
COLORS FOR THE ARTILLERY.
Mayor William Land of Sacramento, Who Made
the Presentation.
An impressive ceremony took place on the parade ground at the Presidio
yesterday in the presence of several thousand people, when Mayor < William
Land of Sacramento, on behalf of the citizens of that city, presented . the
First Battalion, California Heavy Artillery, with a magnificent national flag.
Colonel Smlth\of the First Infantry sent his band over to the post for
the occasion, and for an hour the musicians gave a choice concert in front
of the barracks occupied by the battalion.
At 1 o'clock line was formed in front of the quarters, every officer and
enlisted man of the four batteries being present in campaign uniform. Es
corted by the band the troops marched on to the parade ground, Just east
of the guardhouse, and Major Rice formed his men in a hollow square,
with the band and officers in the center. T .• :
After the command "Parade rest" had been executed. Mayor Land, ac
companied by a delegation of prominent citizens of the Capital City, was
escorted into the square, with the flag encased in an oilcloth cover. The
battalion was brought to attention, the beautiful banner was unfurled and
In a speech replete with loftiest patriotism Mayor Land entrusted the
starry emblem to Major Rice, with the admonition to keep its folds unsul
lied. iXr%
As the colors changed hands the men sent up a ringing cheer. In which
the civilians joined with a will.
In receiving the flag Major Rice pledged the life of every man In the
command to its defense. Then at a signal the troops uncovered and raised
their right hands while their commander called upon them to Indorse his
pledge. This they did with the words "We do," upon which the throngs
again, broke into wild cheering.
The color sergeant, a strapping six-footer, was ordered to the front and
center, and to him was given the flag. The band played "Star-spangled
Banner" and the sergeant . marched to his post. Then a lively march was
struck up and the battalion marched off to its barracks, where Mayor
Land and the other Sacramehtans were entertained by the, officers of the
command.
The flag is of heavy silk, on which is embroidered by hand the inscrip
tion: "First Battalion, California Volunteer Artillery."
Citizens of San Francisco will piesent the battalion with regimental col
' ors during the present week. ;
decks cleared and "Old Glory" flying ,
proudly from her stern.
REPORTED FOR DUTY.
Arrival of General Anderson
and Other Officers of the
Manila Expedition.
Several prominent officers who have
been assigned to duty on the Manila ex
pedition arrived in San Francisco yes
terday, and reported at United States
army headquarters.
Brigadier-General Anderson came from
Portland, and to-morrow will go on board
the steamship Australia, which is al
ready loaded with supplies, and is ready
fur the reception of troops. General An
derson will have chargo of the advance
brigade of the expedition. He has re
cently returned from Alaska, where he
was on duty at Skaguay for several
months with two companies of the Four
teenth Infantry, of whirh regiment he Is
the colonel. From the frigid region of
Alaska to the hot climate of the Pacific
will prove a marked change to him. He
is accompanied by Lieutenant Clark of
the Fourtenth Infantry, who is his aid
de-camp. . , „.
Major P. R. Jones, who came from
Omaha, will be the quartermaster of the i
expedition. .
Major R E. Thompson of the signal
corps, who arrived from Tampa, will be
the chief signal officer.
TO ESCORT THE FIRST.
National Guardsmen Ordered
to Parade in Honor of Their
Old Comrades.
General R. H. War Hold, commanding
the Second Brigade, has ordered the Sig
nal Corps and Troop A, mounted and In
fatigue uniform, to report at the Presidio
gate at the end of the Union-street line
at 6:30 this morning to act as escort to the
First Regiment, California Volunteers,
-who have been ordered to the City of
It that the Signal Corps and
Troop A will turn out over 100 strong.
Genera! Dickinson has ordered the
Naval Battalion also to participate as
escort, and they will Join the mounted
escort on Van Ness avenue at the corner
of Pacific avenue at 7 a. m. The naval
contingent will turn out about 150 men,
and although at a late hour last night
Governor Budd had not been located, it
Is almost certain that he will review the
troops at the reviewing stand on the cor
ner of Sutter street and Van Ness avenue.
The Governor's staff. General Warlield
and staff and General Dickinson and staff
will leave the California Hotel at 7 a. m.
in carriages and accompany the column.
IDAHO VOLUNTEERS.
Two Battalions of Hardy Miners
and Mountaineers Added
to the Forces.
The Tdaho volunteers, comprising nearly
700 men, arrived in San Francisco yester
day morning about 8:30, and after a re
ception at the hands of the Red Cross
Society at the ferry, where they were
given a bounteous lunch and an abund
ance of flowers, they formed in line and
marched up Market and Geary streets
to Camp Richmond.
There are eight companies, with eighty
one men to each company. These troops
arc in command of Lieutenant Colonel
Jones, ex-Receiver of the United States
land office at Boise. The majors are D.
"W. Figgins of Boise, and McConnville,
who was for twelve years superintendent
of the Indian reservation at Lewiston.
Major McConnville has had a military ex
perience of eight years in the regular
army. The medical staff consists of Major
D W. Springer, surgeon; Lieutenant
Conant, assistant surgeon, and Stewards
Huston and Hendy.
Companies A, F ana H .rame completely
equipped. The second battalion is equip
ped only with blankets. These volunteers
are a rugged looking set of men, many
of then, being miners. Company C of
Wallace is almost entirely made up of
mining men. '
The rear ot the column as it marched
through the streets was guarded by a
large eagle, perched upon a cross-bar,
carried by one of the men. This eagle,
belonging to Company G of Pocatello, and
named Pocatello Joe, was constantly
cheered by the crowds all along the line
of march. He proudly surveyed the ad
miring throngs and acknowledged their
applause by frequently spreading and
flapping his wings. He was untied, and
occasionally took a flight of a few feet,
each time alighting on his perch. When
the column reached its destination, Poca
tello Joe alighted on the ground, and was
taken charge of by his keeper.
Company D also has an eagle named
Admiral Dewey; and there is still an
other eagle belonging to Company F,
which has another mascot in the shape
of at three-legged dog, while Company
H's pet is a coyote.
URGENTLY REQUEST HELP
Seven Hundred More "Jersey"
Caps Needed for Depart
ing Volunteers.
"When the gallant lads in blue march
to-day aboard the transport that will
convey them to the scenes of danger they
will receive a last tribute from the Red
Cross Society. Each man will be handed
a neat little parcel containing wholesome
dainties prepared by the t fair hands of
some loving mother, wife, sister or sweet
heart. Through the efforts of the Red
Cross, all the men have been presented
with a comfort bag, an abdominal belt
and a flannel cap. The soldiers can never
forget the kindness of the ladies of the
society, and promise to write them dur
ing their stay in the tropics.
The arrival of the Idaho and Utah
troops yesterday caused a repetition of
the scenes that ha*-e been daily enacted
at the ferry. Cheers and expressions of
thanks poured forth from the lips of the
soldiers in appreciation of the splendid re
ception given them.
A great many ladies labored yesterday
In the cause of the Red Cross. The ar
rival of more troops make necessary the
manufacture of those necessities already
alluded to. It is hoped that those who
have not the time to devote to sewing
will make up for it by leaving bolts of
cloth at 1G Post street, as there are many
ladies who would like to labor in the noble
cause, but who unfortunately have not
sufficient funds to buy material.
Seven hundred Jersey caps are urgently
SUNDAY SCENES AMONG THE VOLUNTEERS.
WILL ESCORT THE TROOPS TO SEA.
Relatives of the Soldiers Invited to Follow
Them Through the Golden Gate,
To the women of the Red Cross must be given credit for patriotic
and unselfish activity In promoting the welfare of the soldiers. They
have worked unceasingly, have given their time, their influsnce and
their personal efforts to securing for the volunteers necessaries which
in the haste of mustering the Government had been unable to supply.
Naturally they will desire to bid farewell to the boys who have been
taken under theh charge to see th"em started on the long journey over
the sea.
So far as It can. The Call will enable them to do this. There are
three tugs at the disposal of this paper and for the day the soldiers sail,
probably Tuesday, these tugs will be turned over to the ladies of the
Red Cross. They are invited to board them and go out to ll. e Heads
with the ships carrying the troops.
Many of the boys will be leaving mothers ana sweethearts. Some
have wives and families. The mothers, -weethearts and wives may be
g-uests of the Red Cross. As the carrying capacity of the tugs Is lim
ited to three hundred, it will be necessary for those desiring to go to
apply to Red Cross headquarters for permits. Such permits, issued by
the officers of the Red cross, will be honored. But tho limit is impera
tive, so far as these boats are concerned.
Probably, however, others will be glad to offer the service of their
boats. If this be the case, they will kindly, notify Red Cross headquar
ters in the Spreckels building, as time Is now too shcrt for a public an
nouncement to be effective.
The Call hopes sincerely that there shall be enough boats to enable
every woman who has relatives or friends In the Manila expedition
to escort them through the Golden Gate, cheering the soldiers to the
last by their presence, and perhaps finding in the attention comfort
for themeslvf-s.
needed at 16 Post street, as at the lasl
moment it was found that the numbei
already made was insufficient to supplj
the men who depart on the City ol
Peking.
The French Hospital is aiding the Red
Cross by their generous offer. Twenty
two sick soldiers occupy couches in the
institution and are receiving the best oi
care from doctors and nurses. It is feared
that J. H. Henry, a young soldier whe
arrived with the Minnesota troops, will
not recover from his Illness. He is trou
bled with meningitis, and although every
thing is being done for him his chances
of recovery are slight.
A special mooting of the Native Daugh
ters' Aid has been called for this even
ing for the purpose of preparing lunch
for the troops arriving Tuesday. It I?
earnestly requested that any member
who can bring sandwiches or other edi
bles will do so.
It is understood that an agent of the
Red Cross Society and a number of nurses
and medical supplies will accompany the
volunteers to Manila and assist the sani
tary corps in their work of succor.
Harmony Chapter No. 124 of the Order
of the Eastern Star, at its meeting last
Friday night, decided to offer its services
to the Red Cross Society, being the first
of the order in this Jurisdiction to do
so. The matter was brought up by Past
Matron Mrs. A. H. Millherry, who aroused
so much enthusiasm that a resolution to
aid the good work was at once adopted
and the chapter resolved itself into a
committee of the whole to act. On the
following afternoon twenty-five ladies of
the chapter assembled and went to work
preparing bandages and other needed ar
ticles for the soldiers. The hope has been
expressed in the chapter that the order,
which numbers 9000 in this jurisdiction,
will follow Harmony's example, and by
aiding the Rod Cross movement carry on
the principles of the order, which is
founded on the moral teachings of Holy
Scripture.
Dr. Mackenzie received a notice yester
day from the Red Cross Society that 500
lunches were needed for the boys who
were going on the City of Peking. He
read the call from his pulpit anu by 3
o'clock provisions poured in in large
quantities. Toadies were on hand to re
ceive and apportion them. By 7:30 o'clock
in the evening 1200 lunches were prepared.
The provisions will be sent to the ferry
depot as a feast of welcome to the in
coming soldiers.
CHASED OUT OF CAMP.
A Disciple of Yellow Journal
ism Narrowly Escapes an
Angry Regiment.'
The Thirteenth Minnesota is fast learn
ing the ways of the wild West. Its first
experience of moment was at Ogden,
when one of Uncle Collis" hired footpads
tried to hold up Major Dlggles for $50, but
was promptly put to flight. Had the major
known as much then about Huntingdon's
gang as he does now he would probably
have hanged him.
But the worst shock the Mlnnesotans
sustained was when they came in con
tact with the local school of yellow Jour
nalism. The Thirteenth is justly proud
of its complete equipment, and it is not
reflecting on the other troops when it Is
«snld that with the possible exception of
the First Colorado the regiment is the
best provided for of any that has reached
San Francisco so far. The Call so stated
yesterday, and the members took it as
their due.
Their surprise and anger can therefore
be easily imagined when one of their
number, who had been bunkoed into buy-
Ing an Examiner, read in the columns of
that rag the statement that the Minneso
tans were a lot of ragamuffins in the last
stages of dilapidation, or words to that
effect The paper was passed around the
camp, and a volley of language went up
that made the chaplain start up the road
to avoid hearing it.
The men vowed vengeance, ana they
meant It, for half an hour later an at
tache of the Third street sewer came
a ; ong and was indiscreet enough to tell
of his shame. The angry Minnesotans
swooped down upon him in a body and
would have smote him hard and often
but he was fleet of foot and got outside
the guard lines, where he was safe. xhe
n;en shouted a warning to him not to
come near the camp again if he valued
his life, and orders were at once issued
that not a copy of the Examiner should
be allowed within the camp.
Afterward it was learned that the Bul
letin had made about the same statement
regarding the regiment and a boycott was
also placed on that sheet. The men de
r clare that if they can discover the writ.
! ers of the two screeds they will maki
: horible examples of them.
The Idaho volunteers pitched cami
: south of the Minnesota regiment at thf
! Bay District track during the day. Sev.
I eral companies are only partially equipped
: and they are short of tents.
Batteries A and B. Utah Artillery, weni
! into camp north of the Minnesota regi»
ment. They have tents of the Siblej
1 pattern, one tent for eighteen men. TheiJ
: uniforms and side arms make them thj
; drawing card with the visitors.
The Nebraska boys entertained vislton
i last night with songs and the smoothnesi
I with which they ran the guard lines ir
I getting into camp. One party of flfteej
Kansas volunteers were not so fortunati
in attempting to get out. They succeeded
in getting by the guard, but the office!
of the guard rounded them up. and thej
spent their evening In the guardhouse in
stead of in town. A fire in one of theh
tents caused a little excitement, but verj
little damage.
UTAH ARTILLERY.
Arrival of a Battalion In Com-
mand of Major Richard
Young.
The Utah battalion of light artillery
reached San Francisco about noon yes«
terday, and the men were entertained foi
over an hour at the ferry by a delega.
tion of the Red Cross Society, who fur
nished them with a refreshing lunch,
and presented them with an abundance
of the choicest flowers. The volunteers
were greatly pleased with their reception.
Under the command of Major Richard
Young, a son of Brigham Young, they
formed in line and marched to Camp
Richmond, where they were given an en
thusiastic ovation. They are fairly well
equipped, and have brought with them
their field pieces and horses. They hay«
been well drilled and are fully p reared
for service on the field of battle.
GIVEN A COMMISSION.
Lieutenant Mulloy of the Four-
teenth United States Infantry
Reports for Duty.
Lieutenant P. H. Mulloy, who was pro
moted from Troop B, of the Sixth Cay.
airy, to the Junior lieutenancy of Com
pany D. of the Fourteenth United States
Infantry, reported to Major Kobe yester
day. Lieutenant Mulloy comes dlreetlji
from Chickamauga. where his formei
command is encamped. He left there last
Monday and reports that all of the soU
diers there are eager and anxious to ge(
into Cuba. Patriotism, he says, is at
fever heat, and the troops are chafing at
the present delay and their enforced idle
ness. Lieutenant Mulloy entered the reg»
ular service three years ago as a private,
and went before the Army Examining
Board last September for his commis
sion.
Grateful Artillerymen.
The following is self-explanatory:
Headquarters Battery C, »'"*nldlo Barrackt,
May 21. IS9S.
To the Editor Call. San Francisco. Cal.—
Dear Sir: Will you kindly extend through tha
columns of your valued paper our sincerest
thanks to Messrs. Wetnstock & Luhln and
Hale Bros, for their generous donation to the
members of the above named battery and
say that the boys thoroughly appreciate them
generously. By bo doing you will greatly
oblige, yours very respectfully,
WILLIAM S. BROWN.
First Sergeant and Clerk. Battery C. First
Battalion Heavy Artillery California Volun
teers. JOHN COOKE.
Captain Commanding.
Cars Were Stopped.
The Presidio was the mecca of many
thousands yesterday, but unfortunately
the Union-street line became disabled
early In the afternoon. The extra steam
power put on the engines caused the
journals to heat and expand so as to stop
the cables for three hours. At the time
the cars stopped there were fully 2000 per
sons waiting at the corner of Montgom
ery avenue and Washington street, while
there were 5000 people at the reservation.
Trouble also occurred on the Sacra*
mento and California-street lines, causing
several stops during the day, so it was
late at night before the crowd got home.
56
MONDAY .....MAY 23, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor."
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market «nd Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 19CS.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Stretl
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carrier* In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents. '
THE WEEKLY CALL.... On« ymr, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE ............. .....»08 Broadway
!\'EW YORK 0FF1CE. ...... .-Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE .Rlgfts House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE ...Marqucttc Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay, !
open until 9:30 o'clock- 867 Hayes street, «Den until j
9:30 o'clocK. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
O'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock. 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock'
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin- Ysaye to-morrow evening.
Columbia— "A Secret Warrant " ,
California— Hopkins Traus-Oceanlo Star Specialty Co.
Alcazar— "YoricSs's Love
Morosco's— "Mrs. Parting-ton and Her Son Ike-"
Tlvoll— "The Poster."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chutes -Zoo, Vaudeville, and "Visions of Art"
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Sutro Baths — Swimming,
AUCTION SALES.
By Bell & Co.— This day, May 23, Furniture, at 1125 Geary
Btrreet, at 11 o'cloc*.
Hy D. A. Curtln— This day, May 23, Restaurant, at 108 Third
street, at 3 o'clock.
COMMERCIAL CONDITIONS IMPROVING
ATTENTION has already been called to the
curious fact that the country is disposed to
regard the war as an incident and to go along
with business as if nothing out of the way were hap
pening. The Eastern papers, too, are now comment
ing on this strange condition, which is an admirable
illustration of the complete confidence of the Ameri
can people in their Government and their ability to
cope with any power in the world. This confidence
is said by the commercial agencies to be the base
of the present fine condition of business throughout
the country. They tell us that "Western prosperity
has so greatly overbalanced the timidity of Eastern
capital that business is actually increasing; that rail
road earnings promise better for May than they did
for April; that the nation's bank clearings show a
gain of 36 per cent over the same time last year, and
that the failures for the past week exhibit a decrease
of 34, being 211, against 245 for the corresponding
week in 1897. In addition, the immense balance of
trade already piled up in this country's favor con
stitutes an element of strength, which in its effect
on the money market cannot be exaggerated."
The Great West continues to lead in prosperity
and trade activity. It reports an unprecedented
marketing of breadstuffs, with fine backing in the
form of good crop prospects, and also a sharp de
mand for rails, cars and car material^ boots and
shoes, agricultural implements and textile goods.
But the iron districts of the East and South are not
far behind the West in this exhibit of prosperity. In
spite of the enormous production, which is the great
est ever known, the demand is so good that some
descriptions have advanced slightly. The woolen
trade, too, has been stimulated by the war, and
numerous mills are being pushed to their fullest
capacity to supply Government orders.
Wall street has been rather slow of late, purely be
cause the public have persisted in waiting for more
decisive war news before re-entering that market,
which they so summarily abandoned at the outbreak
of hostilities. It may be all right in the estimation
of some great money powers, puffed up with an over
weening sense of their own importance, to say, "The
public be d d," but when that same public with
draws from Wall street the professionals find them
selves with nothing to do but twiddle their thumbs
and wait for that despised public to come back again
and trade. A good victory of the American arms will
send them back fast enough.
California, too, is well up in front of the proces
sion, her dry year to the contrary notwithstanding.
During the past few days various markets have been
showing signs of increased activity. For some year 3
The Call has pointed out that all transitions from
trade dullness to activity have been preceded by a rise
in provisions, accompanied by a pronounced increase
in the demand for goods. Thus, by watching the
provison market, one may tell with reasonable
definiteness how the commercial cat is going to jump.
If hams, bacon and lard suddenly quiet down a gen
eral relaxation in trade throughout the country may
be expected, and vice versa. Provisions, therefore,
have become the barometer of business. In this con
nection it is interesting to note that during the past
fortnight there has been a sudden boom in the three
products mentioned above, and that following closely
upon the heels of this the markets for dried fruit,
hides and leather and numerous minor articles have
undergone a decided change for the better. Indeed,
as far as the first named is concerned, local dealers
calculate that if the present steady call for dried fruit
keeps up a little longer there will be none left on the
market by the time the new crop comes forward.
They expect a fine dried fruit market this fall.
The tendency in grain and feedstuffs has been
downward during the past week, the decline in wheat
being sharp and continuous, and the dependent grains
falling in sympathy. Hay keeps up, though the new
crop is arriving badly cured and wet, owing to the
late rain, and has to go lower in consequence. The
showers have materially improved the standing plant,
and much that was intended for hay will now be al
lowed to grow for grain. This is especially true of the
Sacramento Valley. Barring apricots, which are an
admitted failure this year, the fruit crop bids fair to
be ample, though the fruit in some districts will be
small in size owing to the dry weather in the spring.
Good large fruit will probably sell well this year.
Advices from Spain say the new Ministers ap
peared in full uniform. Their predecessors acted as
though they, instead of their uniforms, were full.
Perhaps the present Cabinet is a reform concern
after all.
There is only one thing to do with the San Jose
policeman who declares that when the Maine got
blown up it was rightly served. He should be given
his passports, but no safe escort.
AN EFFECTIVE Wflß MEASURE.
LYMAN E. COO LEY, the well-known Chicago
engineer, who spent two months last winter in
surveying the route of the proposed Nicaragua
canal, has in a recent interview recalled to the pub
lic mind the importance of the canal to this country,
not only as a commercial route in time of peace, but
as a means of giving greater effectiveness to our,
fleets in time of war. It is gratifying to have the
subject treated from this point of view by one who
speaks with the authority of an expert, and Mr.
Cooley's statement merits the consideration of the
country and the particular attention of Congress.
In pointing out the strategic value of the canal
when completed Mr. Cooley said "by way of
the Straits of Magellan steamers leaving New York
are over 13,000 miles from San Francisco, and sailing
vessels via Cape Horn 15,600 miles away. The canal
would shorten one route 8267 miles and the other
route 10,753 miles. A man-of-war sailing ten knots an
hour, or 240 mites per day, would save in the one in
stance forty-four days and in the other thirty-four
days' time.
Time in war is a factor of the highest potency. As
a general rule the force which arrives first at the
strategic point gains an advantage which is decisive
of the result. The ability to transfer our fleets from
the Atlantic to the Pacific through a canal across the
isthmus while our opponents would have to make the
long voyage around South America or through the
Suez canal would render us virtual masters of the
American side of the two oceans, and the enforcement
of the Monroe doctrine would then be an easy task,
not only against any single power, but against any
possible European coalition.
As a means of making the best and fullest use of the
advantage of the proposed canal Mr. Cooley says we
could create a naval station at Lake Nicaragua sec
ond to none in the world, from which our ships could
pass for the protection of either of our coasts with a
rapidity that no other nation could rival. The posses
sion of such a point would give us an easy pre
eminence in commerce and in war, and we would be
the supreme maritime power of the twentieth cen
tury.
It is hardly likely that Congress will overlook con
siderations of this kind. The events of the war and
the journey of the Oregon around South America to
join the Atlantic fleet are sufficient to impress the
value of the canal upon the mind of even the most
indifferent statesman. As The Call has pointed out
some time ago, the needs of the Civil War led to the
construction of a railway across the continent, and it
is probable that this war will lead to the construction
of the Nicaragua canal. Even if the cost amount to
$100,000,000 it will be cheap, because it will be in the
first place a permanent war measure of use in all wars
to come, and in the second place it will pay for itself
commercially in times of peace.
IN c MONTH AND A DAY.
/""■* ONGRESS fixed the date of the outbreak of
( hostilities on the part of Spain at April 21, and
accordingly we have now been at war just a
month and a day. In that time, despite the clamors
of irresponsible critics and screaming yellow journals
to the contrary, the nation has accomplished enough
to justify the proud claim of its people to be the most
vigorous and enterprising on earth.
Within the month we have gathered our regular
army from thirty different stations throughout the
Union and have them now massed and ready for
descent upon Spanish islands, both in the West In
dies and in the Orient. We have re-enforced them
with over 100,000 volunteers, forming an army which
has not only been mobilized, but actually called into
being within that time. A month ago the men of
the Volunteer Army were engaged in their ordinary
pursuits of industry, having no thought of war, and
now they are organized and ready not only for de
fensive purposes, but to carry aggressive war to the
other side of the globe.
The work accomplished in our naval armament has
been as rapid and as remarkable as that in the en
largement and mobilization of the army. We have
put all our naval vessels of ever/ class on a war foot
ing, have purchased large merchant ships and fitted
them for war purposes, have reorganized and
strengthened our Atlantic squadron, blockaded Cuba,
compelled Spain to send her last fleet to this side of
the ocean and risk the whole war on the outcome of
a single battle, and in the Orient we have by one de
cisive blow destroyed her fleet in the Philippines and
rendered her powerless in any part of the Pacific.
These are the accomplishments of the month of
war which are visible to all eyes. Back of them, how
ever, is an enormous work not seen nor .noted. This
is the work which has been done in the way of pro
viding equipments for the new army and enlarged
navy. That t?sk has involved the activities of thou
sands, and the results of it, if they could be made
known in all their extent and variety, would amply
attest the tremendous energy and exhaustless initiative
of the nation.
In the face of these splendid achievements such as
no other people on earth could accomplish the rail
ing of the yellow journals and their tirade against the
President are as senseless as the baying of the moon
by yellow curs. We have raised a mighty army, have
formed a powerful navy, have mastered the Philip
pines, have closed all the Spanish ports in the West
Indies, have demonstrated the superiority of our ships
and our gunners, have our armies ready to occupy
Cuba at the moment we please to launch them on the
island, and are now seeking through all the Caribbean
Sea for the phantom fleet of Spain.
What other people on the globe could ever have
achieved so much in a month and a day?
ROfJD WORK IN MARIN.
UNDISMAYED by the legal complications aris
ing from the vote in Sacramento County for the
Folsom boulevard and unaffected by the adverse
vote in San Mateo County for any kind of road im
provement, the progressive element among the people
of Marin have entered upon a contest with silurian
ism for the purpose of bringing about the construc
tion of better highways in that county. The pro
moters of the progressive movement have organized
a league for carrying on the work, and the struggle
of road improvement against bad roads begins again
in a new field and with a new set of combatants on
both sides.
The very fact that such, a movement has been
started in Marin at this time is an evidence of the
courage of the men who are promoting it. It is well
known that in years when crops are bad the prevail
ing sentiment of the people is opposed to extensive
improvements. At such seasons the tendency of men
is to become despondent. This tendency had much
to do with the defeat of highway improvement in San
Mateo. It was the dry winter that beat the boule
vard proposition in that county, and it will require
hard work on the part of progressive men to bring
about a different result in Marin.
With the exception that it is somewhat handicapped
THE SAN FBAKCISCO C^\LL, MONDAY, MAY 23, 1898.
by the conditions of the dry season, the movement is
promising. Thus far, at any rate, it has been at
tended with good success. The recent meeting of
progressive citizens called to consider the proposition
packed the Town Hall of San Rafael to overflowing.
A county league was organized to work in conjunc
tion with the State Good Roads League, and a num
ber of men of known energy and public spirit were
found to accept the duty of undertaking the work and
pushing it forward. Thus the new enterprise is well
launched, and despite the difficulties that confront it
there are sufficient grounds for entertaining bright
hopes of its success.
There ought to be no need of a campaign of educa
tion in Marin on the subject of good roads in gen
eral, nor should it need much argument to prove to
her citizens that the construction of the proposed
Tiburon boulevard will be of benefit to them all.
Marin should show herself wiser than San Mateo on
a proposition of this kind. If she provides better
roads she will certainly become the choicer place of
suburban residence for the wealth and culture of the
metropolis.
THOSE qualities of unselfish patriotism, tireless
energy in the performance of duty and self
sacrificing devotion to the cause of America and
the welfare of the brave men who uphold it in war,
which have ever been characteristics of the genuine
womanhood of the republic, have found a full and
complete manifestation in the work undertaken and
so nobly carried on by ladies of the Red Cross in this
city. To them has been given unstintedly the thanks
and the gratitude of the volunteers, for whom they
have done so much, and to them in an even higher
degree should be given the thanks of all San Fran
cisco.
It is difficult to see what we would have done with
out them in this emergency. They have lifted from
our men the task of looking after the volunteers who
have mustered here for the invasion of the Philippines
and have taken upon themselves all the arduous work
of making for our young heroes every provision ne
cessity demands or patriotism suggests.
The scope of their work has been as broau as the
field of the emergency. They have overlooked no de
tail of duty, shirked no responsibility, nor shrunk
from any labor required for the complete fulfillment
of the manifold wants of. the time and the occasion.
They have not spared themselves in any way. From
early morning until late at night they have worked
with the ardor of patriotic zeal and have accomplished
man-els in every department of their labor.
For this work they have neither asked nor ex
pected any recompense other than that which a pa
triot woman derives from the consciousness of hav
ing well served the land she loves. Nor will they
receive any other recompense. Men who distinguish
themselves for public service of any kind have a re
ward in politics or in business f r om the popularity
and esteem which such actions gain for them among
the people. The women of the Red Cross have no
political aspirations to serve, no business interests to
advance. All that can be given them is honor and
well merited praise. That much should be given
through all the channels of public expression.
One of the brightest chapters in the annals of our
civic life will be that which records the deeds of
these patriotic, self-sacrificing, noble women, and
we should accord them due honor and cordial help
now while the heavy task is still pressing upon them
and not postpone it until the glow of the deed has
gone and the deed itself become a part of the his
tory of things past.
GETTING INTO LINE.
AS the time approaches for holding the State
convention of Republican League clubs the
activity of the various party organizations in
creases. Each club is animated by a desire to make
a strong showing at a gathering where delegates from
all parts of the State are to meet, and as a conse
quence effective work is being done to add to the
number of the members and to rouse the ardor of
both the veterans and the new recruits.
To this extent the call for the convention has al
ready accomplished much good. It has 6tarted the
party organizers to work and has brought into close
relations with the preliminary discussions of the cam
paign a large number of Republicans who would
otherwise have remained indifferent until election day
is nearer and the contest has become exciting. These
Republicans will aid in so directing the course of the
party organizations that every step taken will be in
accordance with the sentiments of the majority and
not of a mere clique or faction. Such a result is to
be desired by all well-wishers of the party, for in the
contest before us it is important that not only the
State convention, but all county conventions, shall
thoroughly represent the rank and file of Repub
licanism, and that every nomination shall come from
the voice of the party as a whole and not from pri
vate caucuses of a few bosses and their tools.
In nearly all parts of the State the club activity is
notable. Older members of the party who have gone
through many campaigns have learned by experience
the value of club organizations during closely con
tested conflicts, and young men, inspired by the ex
ample of their elders, are rapidly joining the ranks of
such associations. Thanks to this work the party will
be well prepared for the struggle with the fusion op
position. Nothing will be left to chance. There will
be no over-confidence with its resulting indifference,
but that wise confidence which arouses ardor and
excites to vigorous work for the ticket and the prin
ciples of the party.
Such Republicans as have not yet allied themselves
with some club organization should do so and be
prepared to exert their fullest influence for sound
money, protection and good nominations. 7
TURN OBOUT IS FAIR PLAY.
WHEN a great strike imperiled the material in
terests of the Southern Pacific the regular sol
# diers were called out and the strike ended.
For every mile these soldiers have been carried the
company they rescued received full pay. Contempla
tion of this act was not pleasing. Yet it was the Gov
ernment and not the men who had to produce the
money.
Now the city is thronged with regular soldiers.
When they ride on the street car lines of the South
ern Pacific they are asked for full fare. Uncle Sam
does not pay the fare now. The soldiers have to
reach into their own pockets for the necessary nickels.
The presence of these soldiers is a stimulus to local
travel. Daily many hundreds of citizens visit the
camps of the men. To let the soidiers ride free would
be a graceful concession on the part of the company.
It would be an evidence of gratitude for service ren
dered and would add much to the comfort of the boys,
for the promotion of which citizens of every class are
striving. Indeed, it might be considered as standing
in place of the considerable cash contribution which
the corporation might reasonably be expected to give.
THE RED CROSS.
COLLECTED. IN
THE CORRIDORS
George H. Murphy of Washington, D.
C, is at the Occidental.
E. Lang, a merchant of Portland, Or.,
is staying at the Palace.
F. D. Nicol, a Stockton attorney, will
be at the Lick for a few days.
Mrs. Alice Rice and daughter of Bakers
field are guests at the California.
H. S. Allen, a mining m&n of Sonora, Is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
Colonel Van B. Lady, an army man
from Omaha, Neb., is at the Calif ornia.
E. "W. Knapp, well known in commer
cial circles in New York City, is at the
Palace.
Judge J. M. Mannon of Ukiah and
Harry Postlehwaite of San Jose are at
the Lick.
D. H. Jackson, a mining man of Placer
ville, and John H. Geysellar of Eureka
are stopping at the Grand.
Colonel O. Summers of Portland and
John C. Fisher, a theatrical man of San
Dieg-o, are staying at the Baldwin.
P. A. Buell, a Stockton lumber mer
chant, and H. W. Crabb, a fruit-grower
of Oakville, are among the arrivals at
the Grand.
L. Mebius, a prominent merchant of
Sacramento, and F. T. Duhrlng, a busi
ness man of Sonoma, are registered at
the Occidental.
William Van Slooten of New York,
Grant G. Gape and H. T. Watson of Lon
don and Max G. Cahn of Cincinnati, 0..
are registered at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. William P. Jones of Boa
ton, who have been residing at the Sand
wich Islands for a long period, are '.em
porarily located at the Occidental.
Arthur C. Johnson of the Denver Rocky
Mountain News and Harry W. McCauley
of the Denver Republican, who are with
the Colorado volunteers, stopped at the
Occidental preparatory to going to camp
at the old Bay District track.
J. H. Lee Holcomb, first lieutenant, IT.
S. N., who has been stationed at Phila
delphia, will leave on the City of Peking
with the First Regiment of Volunteers
in his official capacity. He has been stay
ing at the Palace since his arrival in this
city.
Hans J. Tauscher, the husband of
Johanna Gadski, who is creating a furore
with the Damrocch Opera Company of
New York, now filling an engagement at
Covent Garden, is with the Ysaye party
at the Baldwin. Herr Tauscher says that
his wife will most likely visit San Fran
cisco before the end of the year.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The Chilean battleship O'Higgrins, built
at Elswick, passed through her final twen
ty-four hours trial last month off the
mouth of the Tyne, and should by this
time be on its way to Valparaiso.
Don Carlos I, a protected cruiser of
4100 tons, built for Portugal, was launched
at Elswick May 5. She is to have a speed
of twenty-two knots undor forced
draught, and twenty knots under natural
draught, and has a coal bunker capacity
of 1000 tons.
Italy has a pood opportunity of keep
ing its navy up to date, for it has sold
several vessels to Spain and other coun
tries as badly in need of ships as Italy
has been of cash. It is now proposed to
build three battleships of 13.000 tons em
bodying all the latest improvements in
warships.
The British torpedo boat destroyer Hun
ter, while leaving 1 Dover, collided with a
brig and returned to port to ascertain
what damage had been sustained, and it
was found that the stern had been bent
to starboard, and that the forward com
partment was leaking. The damage was
not considered serious enough to delay
her trip to Portsmouth dockyard, which
distance — 110 miles — she made in. five and
a half hours, a very creditable perform
ance under such unfavorable conditions.
European naval authorities have some
doubts about the Russian naval estimated
expenditures on the navy, and Incline to
the belief that the stated sum of $64,000,000
for shipbuilding will actually reach nearer
$100,000,000. The ships at present under
construction in Russia include seven bat
tleships, one armored cruiser, one coast
defense vessel, four protected cruisers,
three gunboats, seventeen torpedo boat
destroyers and ten torpedo boats. The
new programme covers three battleships
of about 13,000 tons each, and twelve tor
pedo boat destroyers of the Lokol type,
besides other vessels not yet made pub
lic
London papers allege that Spain has
leased a submarine vessel invented by
Count Pozzo and built in France last
year. It is described as a Bteel sphere
of 9 feet 9 inches diameter, propelled by
electricity at a speed of 8 to 9 knots an
hour. She carries a supply of compressed
air sufficient for three men in forty-eight
hours. From the front of the vessel pro
trudes a strong grappling arm which is
capable of severing anchor cables and
connections of submarine mines. She can
also lay mines and discharge them af
ter retiring to a safe distance. Further
more, this wonderful craft can be con
nected with the deck of a vessel and thus
pilot a warship through mined waters.
The probability is strong that this for
midable prowler on the ocean bed exists
only in the imagination of an active brain
ed writer of the Dan de Quille and Hull
type. There is n<* record in the scientific
papers of this country of such an inven
tion, and the nearest approach to this
submarine vessel are the boats of Peral
in Spain, Goubet in France and the Hol
land boat in this country, none of which
have as yet demonstrated their ability to
do what their inventors claimed for these
boats.
A claim for a commission of $620,000
was instituted in London, April 27, by
Henry Isaacs against Armstrong, "Whit
worth & Co. of Elswick. Henry Isaacs
had a contract with the Spanish Govern
ment by which he was to receive 5 per
cent commission on the contracts for bat
tleships, gunboats, etc, to be built by the
Armstrong Company, and also 5 per cent
on the contract for the armament of these
vessels. Isaacs claimed that he had per
formed his part of the agreement, and
also that the Government of Spain was
willing to pay, but that the Armstrong
Company had prevented the contract be
ing entered into on the terms arranged
in the negotiations, and thereby deprived
him of his commission. In fact, know-
Ing that tho commission would be pay
able, they had purposely let the contract
go off. Lords Justices Smith and Chltty
dismissed the application with costs. The
Armstrong Company were probably too
shrewd business men to pay $640,000 cash
for a $12,400,000 contract with a customer
like Spain. Mr. Isaacs would have pock
eted his commission, but Armstrong's
would have had a lot of warships and
guns on their hands which they could not
deliver, for the sentiment of the British
Government has changed since 1862, and
the Alabama awards of $15,000,000 paid by
that country for the depredations of Con
federate cruisers, built and fitted out In
England, was too costly an experiment
to be repeated during the present war
between the United States and Spain.
BRIEF fJOTES O/ NOTABLES.
Queen Victoria continues to refuse to
talk to the phonograph, even wtien urged
to preserve her voice to posterity.
Sir "William Turner, who is to succeed
the late Sir Richard Qualn as president of
the General Medical Council of Great
Britain, is well known as professor of an
atomy In the University of Edinburgh.
Miss Lillian Smith will probably not
volunteer for war service for the reason
that she already holds the post of Gov
eminent Marine Observer on a Cape Cod
promontory- She watches ships through
a telescope and takes notes of flags and
names.
Princess Furstenberg, daughter of the
late Due de Sagan, is engaged to her
cousin, the Comte de Castellane, who is
much younger than herself. She gives
up the rich dowry from her late hus
band, who died two years ago, in order to
contract the marriage.
The new Turkish Minister is an intelli
gent-looking Oriental, whose fez and slip
pers go badly enough with a monocle,
which he manages awkwardly. He is
young, say 34. Mohammedan In faith and
has one Turkish wife in Constantinople.
He was educated in Paris and has served
there and in London.
Mr, Balfour is generally credited with
a rooted objection to newspaper reading.
It may not, however, be generally known
that for some time past his sister,
through the medium of a press-cutting
agency, has carefully preserved in al
bulns every item— pictorial and otherwise
—relating to her brother.
WITH THE HUMORISTS.
A German paper says: "Hail to Spain!"
Correct; good leaden hail.— Galveston
News.
"Dearest."- she whispered, after telling
him yes, "I am a graduate of a cooking
school."
The young man shuddered.
"Never mind," he said. "W> can
board."— New York Evening Journal.
"We don't even have the same butter
we had in my younger days," said the
elder boarder with the querulousness of
age.
"It Is my impression," said the younger
boarder, "that we do— the very same."
"Yes, young man," said the corn-fed
philosopher, "it is a wise plan to be lavish
with your money when wooing a girl.
There is a fascination for her In the
thought that she can curb your extrava
gance after you and she are married." —
Indianapolis Journal.
UNITED ONCE AGAIN.
War Is no lnuphln' matter, as the Parson said
last night.
But the Bl^ht of them boys marching Jest made
my old eyes bright.
Of course, 'taint lik«-» the sixties, when we fit
with one another,
Father ag'ln his own brave son, and brother
shootin' brother.
That was war, sure as you're born, and words
can never tell
How bravely both sides fought It out with bay'
net, shot and shell.
But this seems like a frolic, Jest pollshln' off
old Spain,
And the roar of Yankee guns will wake the he
roes of the Maine;
With our country all united, 'neath the dear old
flag once more.
Backed up by untold millions, and strong on
sea and shore.
With Old Glory proudly waving, to make the
Cubans free.
'Pears like a reg'lar picnic to the vets of Grant
and Lee.
"Well, it set my blood a-Jumpln' when I saw
them boys to-day.
The children, sons and brothers of both the
Blue and Gray:
Forglttin" all but duty to the land that gave
them birth.
Heroic sons of patriot sires, the fighting etock
of earth.
Now rallying in their manhood's prime, to
gether side by side.
In the sacred cause of freedom, our glory and
our pride.
Lord bless m», when the band struck up "At
lanta to the Sea,"
You ouKhter hear the crowd hurrah and wave
their hats In glee;
But '"Way Down South in Dixie'" fairly set the
people wild
And om» old chap, with both legs gone, just
blubbered like a chiM.
For, poor old soul, his only son had Joined that
very day;
I saw him bid the boy good-by, and sobbing
turn away.
Now stop your snivelin', mother, 'cause John
has donned the blue.
If I were ten year younger I'd be among 'era
too;
I tell you there's small danger; he'll never
come to harm.
Want I in twenty battles, and only lost an
arm?
Confound It, you're a soldier's wife; you had to
let me go.
And John was born amid the strife; he gets It
straight, you know.
Cheer up, and bless our noble boys, and bless
the Union, too,
That Banner of the Stars will win, and bring
them safely through;
A few short months of tramping, with a scrim
mage now and then,
Will see a new Republic in the hands of gallant
men;
Then I'ncle Sam will rest a while, but keep his
flag unfurled.
The Battle-Flag of Liberty, that guards the
Western world.
ROBERT FERRAL
UTILITY OF MUSIC.
Henry T. Finck, the critic, has an ar
ticle, "The Utility of Music," in this
month's Forum. Music is almost invari
ably considered from the artistic side
alone, and for this reason, Mr. Finek's
pcint of view is at least novel. The
showing he makes Is surprising. Regard
ed merely as a means of livelihood, music
is useful, for It supports millions of peo
ple. The Paris Grand Opera employs
pearly 700 persons, to whom it pays about
$500,000 annually. In Germany and Aus
tria there are about seventy opera houses,
come of which have almost as many em
ployes as the Paris Opera House. The
Paris estimate includes, of course, besides
the artists, the costumers, carpenters,
scene-shifters, and all others directly con
cerned with the performances. It is cal
culated that Great Britain has 11,000 music
teachers, while this country nas 62,000 or
more. Of the latter, 34,000 are women.
Mr. Finck himself believes that the real
number is much greater than this.
Mr. Finck's reference to the 10,000 musi
cians in the German army brings their
importance home afresh. He points out
the fact that these men are able-bodied,
and had the Government chosen, they
night have shouldered guns instead of
playing cornets and flutes or beating
drums.
One of the more recent uses of music
is in the treatment of the insane. It has
been found that insane persons are
soothed and benefited by frequently hear
ing it. A French physician, who has a
hospital for the insane, employs a band
tor this especial purpose.
"Would any one say," concludes Mr.
F'.nck, "that tailors, cobblers and bakers
fire useful, and that Bach, Chopin and
Wagner are useless? Strictly speaking,
the only necessary things in the world
are food and drink. Everything else we
have in the world is superfluous; and
fhat being the case, the question is mere
ly as the choice of our luxuries, which is
a matter of taste and culture."
THESE ABE EXTRA LARGE.
The largest history ever published is
"The War of the Rebellion," issued by
"Uncle Sam" in 120 huge octavo volumes
of 1000 pages each, with a gigantic atlas
In thirty parts. . The books occupy thirty
feet of shelf room and weigh one quarter
of a ton. , The series cost $25,000,000, is
limited to 11,000 sets, and has been in
course , of publication for • over , twenty
years. - ■'
The largest flower in the world is the
Raft'esia Arnold! of Sumatra. Its size is
fully three feet In - diameter— about the
size of a carriage wheel. The five petals
of this immense flower are : oval and
creamy white, growing round i a center
filled with countless long, vlolet-hued
stamens. The flower weighs about fifteen
pounds and is capable of containing two
gallons of water. The buds are like gigan
tic brown cabbage heads.
The largest painting in the world, ex
clusive of panoramas and cycloramas, is
"Paradise,"-by Tintoretto, in the grand
salon of the Doge's palace at Venice. The
painting is eighty-four feet wide by thir
ty-four feet high. If we consider the dec
oration of walls and ceilings, Tintoretto's
work has been exceeded by Sir James
Thornhiirs fine painting on the ceiling of
the great hall " at Greenwich hospital, 112
feet by fifty-six feet, " representing the
founders, William : 111 and Queen Mary,
surrounded .by the attributes of national
prospciity.
The largest city in the world Is London,
lying In four counties and having a popu
lation of » 4,250.000, equaling the combined
populations of ; Paris,: Berlin, ? St. Peters
burg and Rome. > To walk through all the
streets, avenues, lanes and alleys of ■ the
city; s never traversing the ; same one
twice, ; would require ■ a ten-mile walk '
every - day for nine i years. The streets,
placed In a row, would . reach round the
world - and ; leave a remnant - that would
stretch from London to San ; Francisco.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MUSIC HALL-W. F.. City. The ruuslo
hall which stood on Montgomery street
on the site now ocupied by the Occidental
Hotel was destroyed by fire September 27,
1860. .
TWO AND A HALF-C. C. W., Stock
ton. Cal. A $2 50 gold piece of the United
States dated 1846 does not command a
nrpmium but the same sells tor *■* bw.
That "s "the value dealers place on Stcb
a coin.
THE NAVAL, ACADEMY-A. S., City.
If a boy wants to enter the United States
Naval Academy he must file an applica
tion with the United States Representa
tive of the Congressional district in which
he lives.
HEART TROUBLES— R. R-. Napa, Cal.
Stout and thin people are all liable to
certain kinds of heart trouble. Persons
of stout build are more likely to t>«
_-oubled with fatty degeneration of tho
heart than thin ones.
DE FOE— R. R.. City. Paresis is the
a man here about two years ago who
claimed to be a nephew of Daniel De Foo
of Robinson Crusoe fame. It is said that
he died in one of the hospitals, and there
being no one to look after his remains
they were interred in potter s field.
MAIL TO CHlNA— Reader, City. The
war with Spain will not interfere with the
forwarding of mail to Japan, unless
some of the Spanish privateers should
seize the vessels carrying such and lr
they did there is no telling what they
would do with the mail.
BRIGHT'S DISEASE AND DTABETES
— R. R., Napa- Bright's disease of the
kidneys and diabetes are two different
diseases, but both affections of the kid
neys. In the former disease coffee and
all indigestible articles of food, such as
rich pastries, new bread, highly seasoned
meats and fats, must be avoided.
POSTAGE— Landsman, City. Postage
in the United States was reduced
from three to two cents October 1, 1883.
Prior to the establishment of the free
delivery system in San Francisco the
postage on drop or city letters was one
cent. The law is that in cities or towns
where there is no free delivery the post
age on such letters shall be one cent, but
where there is a free delivery it shall be
two cents.
JEWS IN THE WAR— S., Brentwood.
Cal. Simon Wolf in "The American Jew
as Patriot, Soldier and Citizen," says {hat
as near as the records disclose there were
in the Civil War Jews as follows: Staff
officer?. Union army. 16; Confederate, 24;
officers in the Confederate navy, 11; num
ber of classified men in the Union and
Confederate armies. 70:W; unclassified, 54(5.
Of this number of classified men 5953 were
In the Union army.
LARGEST SHIPS— A. O. S., City. It
has been asserted and published that th«
largest warship afloat is the Italian ves
sel L'ltalia, and the next largest the Le
panto, also belonging to the Italian fleet.
Brassey in his "Naval Annual", looked
upon as an authority of the first class on
such matters, gives the displacement of
these two vessels at 14.357 and 14.400 tons
respectively, ami gives the measurement
of each, as length 400.6, breadth 74 and
depth 31.2. The same authority in the
list of British vessels gives the displace
ment of the Jupiter, Magnificent, Majes
tic, Mars and Prince George at 14,900 tons
and the measurement of the three vessel 3
at length 390, breadth 75 and depth 27.6.
FORMING REGIMENTS — Veteran,
City. Evidently you have not been
watching the columns of The Call very
closely of late. Congress authorized the
increase of the regular army and men
for the new regiments are enlisted in all
parts of the Union. When Congress
authorizes the President to call for vol
unteers the number required from each
State is designated, and then the War
Department selects mustering officers for
each State. Recruiting offices are then
opened and eligible volunteers are ac
cepted. The Governors of States have
nothing to do with the matter except to
furnish the quota from the National
Guard, if the members of the guard wish
to volunteer.
MILITARY RESOURCES OF EUROPE
— E., City. The following is the estimate
of the population of the countries named
capable of bearing arms: Austria, P. 500
,-000; Belgium, 1,460.000; Denmark, 490,000;
France, 9,500,000; Germany, 12,000,000; Great
Britain, not including India or Colonies
outside of Australia and Canada, 12,000,000;
Greece, 495,000; Italy, 7,500,000; Nether
lands. 1,050,000; Portugal, 1,170,000: Russia,
not including Tartary and Central Asia.
22.000,000; Spain, 4.200,000; Sweden and Nor
way, 1,600,000, and Switzerland, 720.0HK).
These estimates include persons engaged
in the general and local civil administra
tion, railroad, necessary tillers of tho
soil, who would not be spared from the
field except as a last resort.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per rt> at Townsend'a.*
Special information , supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
■ m ■
Thomas Edison has contributed to th«
definitions of genius by saying, when
asked as to its relation to inspiration:
"Bah, inspiration is perspiration."
Excursion to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado.
A select party of educators and scientists will
leave San Francisco Monday, June 6. for the
Grand Canyon of the Colorado, In charge of
Professor Emory jFmith of Palo Alto. Very
low rates have been made, and a pleasant and
profitable trip is - -sured. Full particulars at
Santa Fe office, 644 Market st.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty 3-ears by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
"Winslow'a Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO — Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $63; longer stay,
12 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st.,
S. F.. or A. W. Bailey, nigr. Hotel del Corona
do, late of Htl Colorado, Glenwood Spgs, Colo.
Northern Pacific Railway.
Cut rates to all points Kast. Call on T. K.
Stateler, General Agent, 63S Market St., S. F.
DYSPEPSIA CAN BE CURED BY USIXO
Acker's Dyspepsia Tablets. One little tablet
will give immediate relief or money refunded.
Sold In handsome tin boxes at No Percentage
Pharmacy. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ANOTHER SPANISH VIC-
TORY!
Spain shouts. Will somebody tell him
when he is licked. He don't realize
that he is badly "done up" already.
You may not realize that your linen is
badly "done up," either, until you com-
pare it with some of the exquisite work
done at this laundry. Our laundry
work is simply perfect, and can't be
improved on. A test is all we need to
make you a patron always.
United States Laundry Office, 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420.SLAIN IN
AN HUMBLE
COTTAGE
Webster H. Williams, a Salesman,
Shot and Killed by Mrs.
W. M. Gregory.
Fatal Ending of a Fierce Morning Quarrel and a
Desperate Struggle Between a Woman's
Divorced Husband and Her
Persistent Lover.
ALAMEDA. May 22. - Webster H. .
"Williams was shot and killed by
Mrs. W. M. Gregolre, or Gregory,
at 11:30 a. in. yesterday at 2019 i-Ja^le
avenue. The woman and her husband are J
under arrest, charged v.ith ihe murder.
The killing was the result of a quarrel
between the woman's husband and Will
lams, in which both wore badly beaten. !
A stra the case is that the j
news of the shooting was brought to the i
police Station by the woman's husband,
who called immediately after the tight '
Id the officers they ought to go to '
' igle avenue find look after a man [
with whom he had had a fight. He said
he believed the man was drunk.
:• was sent to the place and ,
Gregory was detained um;l his return.:
■ wed that the story told
by Greg iry was substantially True, though
It Is not positively known whether Mrs.
MURDERED HER LOVER.
PRINCIPALS IN THE ALAMEDA TRAGEDY.
Gregory or her husband did the shooting.
The policeman found Williams lying on
a bed, breathing faintly and bleeding from
several wounds about the b< ad, as well
as from a bullet wound in his side. He
died before he could be removed and the
body was taken to the Morgue, where an
inquest will be held to-morrow morning.
The room was in great disorder, with
blood spattered about the walls, floor and
bed. There were evidences that there
had been a fierce struggle.
When questioned the prisoner said that
his name was w. M. Gregory, or Greg
oire, and that he lived in San Francisco.
His wife, from whom he rated,
lived with their little sun at 2019 I
avenue. He said he came to Alameda to
day for the purpose of taking the boy
over to the Presidio to see the soldiers.
After reaching the house he had Borne
•words with his wife, and then with Will
iams, who was there when Gregory ar
rived. The quarrel grew warm, and final
ly Gregory and Will. am- :hting.
They clinched and fell, Williams on top.
In this position Gregory was rapidly get
ting the worst of it. when he called to his
•wife for aid. She came with a 3S-caliber
revolver in h«-r hand, which she placed
close, to Williams' side and nulled the trig
ger. The bullet went through the heart
and he died almost instantly. Gregory
then went to the station an<l gave himself
up. He was covered with Mood.
Mrs. Gregory waited at the house un
til arrested! ft was nut until 7:30 o'clock
this evening that any one was allowed
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STUDEBAKER
CLEARING
SALE!
THIRTY DAYS, beginning May 10th
GREATEST SALE OF VEHICLES ever
made on the Pacific Coast.
LANDAUS AND BROUGHAMS,
VICTORIAS AND PHAETONS,
: TRAPS AND BREAKS.
All of the Studebaker reliable make, of-
fered regardless of cost.
We shall sell the stock of one of our
Western warehouses (now being closed)
consisting of MEDIUM GRADE ''
CARRIAGES, BUGGIES, PHAETONS,
SPRING WAGONS, ROAD WAGONS,
Suitable for CITY or COUNTRY USB
In this stock are vehicles at $50 to $75.
This great sale is made necessary by the
consolidation of two large stocks.
On ever,y vehicle will appear, in plain
figures, the regular and the special price,
showing the great reductions made.
We invite inspection during this sale
from all interested in honestly made
work, no matter whether you expect to
j buy or not. Come and see us.
STUDEBAKER BROS, MFG. CO.,
Market and Tenth Sts.
I* F. WEAVER, Manager, . >
to see either of the prisoners. At that
hour reporters were permitted to inter
view the couple. Mr. Gregory is a, very
shurt, compactly built man of about 60
and a Chilean. ' His face bore marks of
the struggle and his shirt bosom was
covered with blood. He was smoking a
pipe and appeared quite comfortable. He
declined to give a statement of the af
fair, saying he did not care to say a
word until he could see a lawyer.
2Urs. Gregory, who is a dark, medlum
sizctl woman about 30 years of age. talked
freely. Her face was drawn with grief
and her eyes were r<-d with weeping. She
is of English descent and is a native of
lowa.
She said she made the acquaintance of
"Williams about a year ago, having been
Introduced to him in San Francisco by
a Mrs. Stanton, who. according to an en
try in Williams' notebook, lives at I^3
Sadowa street. Ocean View.
Williams paid her considerable atten
tion, and knowing that Bhe had trouble
with her husband because of his drink-
ing habits finally offered to aid her in
getting a divorce. He told her he was
a baronet by right, and that if she would
get divorced he would marry her and she
should wear a coronet and ride in a car
riage. In reply to a question Mrs. Greg
ory said that these promises '"might have
influenced her to get tne divorce."
This was done about a year ago, and
she was awarded the custody of the child,
a boy of 4 or 5, whom she referred to
throughout as "the baby." Some time
after this she says that she found that
Williams was a fraud and decided to
have nothing more to do with him. He
proffered his attentions, however, and
when she took the house on Eagle ave
nue as she was in debt she agreed to
allow him to board there. He made a
nuisance of himself, meddling with mat
ters that were do concern of his, and
iinally going so far as to open mail ad
dressed to Airs. Gregory, and for which
she made complaint to the postal author
ities.
Mrs. Gregory says Williams bothered
her about marrying him, and swore he
wouid kill any man who tried to wed her.
He finally laid violent hands on her, and
she got a revolver to defend herself. He
continued to visit her, greatly to her an
noyance. She waj* in her room, and her
husband was in an adjoining apartment
holding the child when Williams suddenly
entered the back door, having forced him
self past the servant girl, whose instruc
tions were not to allow him to enter the
house.
Williams came into the bedroom and
made some insolent remark, whereupon
Mrs. Gregory ordered him to leave. He
replied that he would not go. Then Greg
ory got up, put the child upon the bed,
and ordered Williams out, saying he had
no right there.
Williams replied that he had a right,
and with that struck Gregory. The men
clinched and fell on the bed, Williams
having Gregory by the head. In the
struggle the men rolled near the baby,
and Williams grabbed it by the hair.
Then Mrs. (in-gory screamed and flew
to the child's aid. Williams grabbed
and struck her, and the three rolled upon
the bed fighting.
But she got the child away. The pil
low was pushed to one side, and the re
volver that she had always kept there
at night was uncovered. Williams waa
getting the best of Gregory, and was ap
parently trying to tear his Jaws apart,
(irr-pory cried to his wife for help, and
in order to make Williams desist she put
the pistol to his side and tired it. Then
she threw the weapon down on the bed
and Gregory got hold of it and began
beating Williams over the head and face,
cuting him badly.
For several minutes the fighting con
tinued until Williams gradually weakened
and fell back. She said the fight lasted
for twenty minutes after the shooting, but
that is not possible. As soon as the fight
stopped Gregory went to the station and
gave himself up.
"I had no intention of killing the man
when I fired the pistol," said Mrs. Greg
ory. "All I wanted was to make him
let my husband go. But I could got stand
by and see him hurt my baby's father,
and when he begged me for help I uad
to do it. If I had it to do all over again,
1 would do the same."
On Williams' body was found a small
memorandum book, $2 or $3 anu a cheap
watch, and a paper on which was written
a statement that there would soon be
trouble at 2019 Eagle avenue. When
asked about this Mrs. Gregory said that
ehe knew noUUag of It, aod believed Uiat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJ^L, MONDAY, MAY 23, 1898.
it was just something written by Williams
to frighten her. , lf
"He was mean enough for anything,
she said. "He had a dog's face, and was
as mean as a dog." In the memoran
dum book are a number of entries or
chemical formulae for making gas, dia
grams of machines and addresses of
people, including those of Mrs. Stanton,
123 Sadowa or Zadowa street, Ocean View;
H. Burton, 633; Mr. Seaberg, Ocean View;
L. Zuanich, Lorin, and others. It is said
by an acquaintance that Williams swin
dled Max Gumpel, the handwriting ex
pert, out of $200, and that with that money
he helped Mrs. Gregory get her divorce.
Mrs. Gregory was long known in San
Francisco as Mrs. Dr. W. Miranda, "the
highly celebrated spiritual medium and
physician." She had an office at 1206 Mar
ket street. Attorney H. H. Davis of San
Francisco has been retained to defend
Gregory and his wife.
Gregory and Mrs. Mirandas roomed at
the Carrolton House, 1206 Market street,
about a year ago, and the reputation of
the couple was not the best at that time.
Gregory was peddling jewelry then, and
the disappearance of a number of articles
from the rooms of lodgers caused sus
picion to fall upon him and he was ar
rested, but nothing was proved against
him. The first of last November the two
moved to rooms in the Murphy-Grant
building, where they met Williams. The
three became friends, and Williams, who
wished to form a stock company for the
manufacture of an invention he had for
making gas, took Gregory in with him.
Subsequently Gregory left the city and
Williams was seen with Mrs. Mirandas
frequently. J. Anderson, the manager of
the building, did not like the appearance
of things, and in order to get the woman
out Qf the building doubled the rent on
her the first of December and she left,
but made threats to kill Anderson before
she moved. She roomed across the street
from the Murphy-Grant building for a
short time and then went to Alameda.
Mrs. Mirandas is a Bister of E. F. Hicks
the private detective who was murdered
by J. A. Mitchell, his partner, on Octo
ber 15. 1896. The killing took place in the
Spreckels building.
HEARD HIS WIFE WAS DEAD.
ja. Husband's Perplexity Over a Tele-
phone Message to the County-
Hospital.
A man named Winzel called at the
Morgue yesterday afternoon, making in
quiries regarding his wife, who, he had
been informed, was dead. He stated that
on Saturday night while he was an in
mate erf the City and County Hospital
a Mrs. Walsh telephoned him that his
wife had died at 7 o'clock that morning.
The information caused him to leave the
hospital and proceed to 931 Bush street,
the residence of J. H. Jewett, where Mrs.
Winzel had been housekeeping during the
absence of the family on their summer va
cation.
On arriving there he failed to find any
tidings of his wife, nor did he learn any
thing of the Mrs. Walsh who telephoned
to him the sad news of his wife's sudden
death.
He repeated his visit to the Bush street
house several times yesterday with the
same result as on the previous evening.
He then concluded to inform the Police
Department after his visit to the Morgue.
A police officer, last night, visited the
residence on Bush street, and met Mrs.
Winzel.
She explained that she did not want to
see her husband, and for that reason re
fused to respond to his repeated rinsing
of the do.,r bell.
SERGEANT GREEN HAPPY.
His Three Patriotic Sons Will Leave
for Manila To-day.
The three sons of Sergeant of Police
Green will leave to-day with the First
Regiment for Manila. They are connected
with the Sanitary Corps of the First Reg
iment, and the proud parent expects that
they will return with colors flying.
Edward, the eldest of the trio, pave up
his position with the San Francisco Gas
and Electrical Company to join the in
vading regiment. Jospeh B. Crockett,
president of the company, after compli
menting the boy on his patriotism, sent
for another of the family and installed
him in the position vacated by Edward.
It was stipulated, however, that the latter
would be reinstated immediately on his
return from the war.
James, who is one year younger, also
resigned his ppsition with Van Vleet &
Co., jewelers, to accompany his brothers
to Manila.
On learning of his intention his employ
ers kindly offered to allow another one of
his brothers to take his place until he re
turns. The third brother who has Joined
the army is George, aged 17 years.
Last night Sergeant Green visited the
Presidio, and after bidding his sons an
affectionate farewell heroically instructed
them to stand by the stars and stripes,
even at the risk of their lives.
A LIVE BIRD SHOOT.
The South End Gun Club Holds a
Lively Contest at San
Bruno.
The South End Gun Club held a live
bird shoot at San Bruno yesterday. The
scores were as follows:
First event, twelve birds— •
J. Peel. 9; "J. Casey," 6; O. Belloff, 8;
Grimes, 3; Taylor, 6; Chortland, 10; J. McDon
ald, 9; A. Miller, 3: M. McDonald, 6; J.
Schroder, 3; F. M. Bergers, 6: P.Mcßae, 12; J.
Blckerstaff, 7; E. Petersen, 8; R. Itgen, 9; Tom
Lewis, 5; Swarkee, 8; ■. J. Boyd, 4; Helnes, 4;
Heuer, 4.
Second event, six bird*— "Casey," 2; Taylor,
6; J. McDonald, 5: A. "Miller,'.' 1; M. McDon
ald, 5; J. Schroder, 4; Bergens, ',! 4; Mcßae, •6;
Blckerstaff, 3; Heines, 3: Petersen, 4; Itgen. 3;
Grimes, 6; J. Peel, 4; Tom "Cole," 3; Swar
kee.^. .■ : •- - ■ •:. '-•-. ■ ■■ '■ ■ ■-- '■■':■■ V-y :: '■
' Third event, : clx birds — J. Kerrigan,' 6; Tay
lor, 2; J. McDonald, 8; A. Miller, 1; M. McDon
ald. t; J. Schroder, _jU Gsigvnt, 8; Mxßiw, •»-
GRATEFUL TO "THE CALL."
THE above letter from Irving M. Scott,
acknowledging a public service
rendered by The Call in resenting
an insult to home industry, will be read
with interest.
Bickerstaff, 4: Helnes. 1; Peterson. 6; Itgen. 4;
S Fou^ &X"ix 2 bM-McRM. 6; Itgen, 4;
Bickerstaff. 2; J. Schroder. 2.
Fifth event, freeze ..ut-Mcßae 3; Itgen. 0;
J McDonald. 3; T. Lewis, 0. McDonald and
Mcßae divided owing to shortage of birds.
FELL OFF A CAR.
Strange Death of William Antisell
in the Receivnig Hos
pital.
William Antisoll. a salesman, died in
the Receiving Hospital yesterday after
noon.
Last Saturday night Antisell, while in
tOXlcated, fell off a oar on Mission street,
near Fourth, cutting a deep gash in his
head. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where, after the wound was
dressed, he was discharged. Yesterday
morning he returned to the hospital, and
was aga'n treated. As he complained of
severe pains in his head he was allowed
to occupy a cot in the male ward. A few
hours later Matron Keane, while passing
through the ward, discovered that Anti
■eU was dead. The Coroner was notified,
and the body subsequently removed to
the Morgue.
Whether or not Antisell died from the
effects of the injury ho received by fall
ing off the car will not be determined
until an autopsy is held on his body. The
Coroner, however, believes that his death
was due to alcoholism.
CAUSED BY A TRAMP.
He Sets Fire to an Unoccupied
Duelling on Golden Gate
Avenue.
The police are investigating a fire which
occurred several nights ago in an unoc
cupied house at 32 Golden Gate avenue.
Policeman McLane, while walking along
Golden Gate avenue, discovered a blaze
in the basement of the house. With the
assistance of several citizens he managed
to extinguish the flames, but not until
part of the stairway had been destroyed.
IL is claimed that a tramp, who was in
the habit of sleeping in the basement,
dropped a lighted match in a pile of rub
bish, which set it on fire. Evidently be
er ming alarmed the tramp fled, leaving
the house to be consumed by the flames.
Last night Chief Lees was furnished with
a description of him, and an effort will
be made to-day to run him down.
Hop Merchant Dead.
John C. Bauer, the well-known senior
member of Bauer & Schweitzer, hop
merchants In this city, died in Victoria
on Saturday last, and his body is now
en route to this city for burial. He leaves
a widow and three children. George W.,
C. J. and Carrie Bauer. The deceased
was a native of Wurtemberg, Germany,
and was 62 years old.
MONiIY FOR OFt-ICERS.
Munificent Offer of the Croeker-
Woolworth Bank to Those
Going to Manila.
The Crocker-Woolworth National Bank
will act as paymaster for the commis
sioned officers of the First Regiment. It
will do even more than this; it has offer
ed to do the same for all other regiments
going to Manila. This patriotic offer on
the part of the president and board of
directors means that the bank will ad
vance about $6000 a month to the officers
without charging one cent of interest.
As in all probability, since no paymaster
accompanies the first troops, the officers
will not get their pay for two months,
and It will take an additional month for
their remittances to get there, the offer
means that Crocker-Woolworth National
Bank will advance $20,000 without inter
est. If 15,000 troops are sent to Manila
this amount will approach the $200,000
mark. The interest that will be lost by
the bank upon such a large advance at
testa its patriotism, although the board
of directors have generously called it the
bank's "little contribution."
Under the law the ; paymaster could
make the officers no advance, and as it
was absolutely necessary for some of
them to provide for their families Major
Tilden undertook .to; adjust the matter.
He had a long conference with the Pay
master's Department and the bank's di
rectors, and the result was that it was
decided by the bank to advance the offi
cers their pay, or to pay it ■ monthly,
when due, to anyone they may desire
upon the receipt of a negotiable draft,
signed by the officer and certified to by
the colonel. Thls'ls not an advance upon
or a transfer of the officer's pay warrant,
as the money is not ■ paid 1 until it is due.
The officer simply makes out ; the draft,
stating the amount of his pay , and - how
much ; he wishes paid : each month to the
person named in the ' draft. The bank's
only security, is the ■ officer's honor to re
deem his promise. : ! '■,■-■
At a meeting of the officers of the First
ye§terda.y. moraine tbe adjutant ■ was in
atructed to write the board of directors
a formal letter of thanks.
The officers adopted the following
resolutions:
Headquarters First Regiment. California
United States volunteer infmtry.
PRESIDIO, SAX FRANCISCO, May 22.
Resolutions adopted by unanimous vote or
the officers of the above regiment at a meet
ing held in camp on May 22. 1S98:
Whereas. The Crocker- Woolworth National
Bank of San Francisco has offered to advance
the money for thf- pay of officers accompany
ing the expedition to the Philippines, so that
those we leave behind dependent upon us may
be enabled each month to draw our pay as It
becomes due; and
Whereas, Said bank Is willing to trust to the
honor of the officers of each regiment that
the amount so advanced shall be repaid out
of their respective salaries immediately on it
ceipt thereof by them;
No«, Therefore, be It resolved that we, the
officers of the First Regiment, California
United States Volunteer Infantry, do hereby
pledge the honor and good name of this regi
ment, and each and every officer availing
himself of the offer of paid bank, dut-s hereby
pledge his honor as a gentleman and a sol
dier, and gives this, his bond, that all the
amounts advanced or paid to him, or on his
order, or for his benefit, will be repaid, and
that each officer when he receipts for his pay
will then and thereupon pay over to the
United States Paymaster to whom such re
ceipt Is given, or to the legal representative
of said bank, the monthly sum that ho may
have arranged with said bank to be advanced
as aforesaid, so that as fast as he receives his
pay said bank shall be reimbursed for its ad
vance*; and be It further
Resolved, That a permanent standing com
mlttea of three officers of this regiment (one
of whom shall be the regimental quarter
master) be appointed by the commanding of
ficer of this regiment, and that It shall be the
duty of said committee to see that all the
terms of this resolution are faithfully carried
out by each officer, and that the money ad
vanced by said bank to each officer Is deduct
ed from his pay and Immediately transmitted
to said bank through the United States Pay
master or other 6afe channels. In case of a
vacancy arising in said committee the com
manding officer shall have authority and it
shall be his duty to fill such vacancy; and be
it further
Resolved. That no officer of this regiment
shall draw an amount in excess of sixty (6n>
per cent of his monthly pay; and be it further
Resolved, That each and every officer of this
regiment who desires to avail himself of the
offer of said bank shall sign this resolution
and shall In writing inform the commaning
officer and the committee of the amount of hrs
monthly draft on said bank, and that the
commanding officer and the adjutant shall cer
tify to said bank the fact that these resolutions
were duly passed and shall deliver to sawT
bank a duplicate thereof, duly signed by cacti
officer as aforesaid, and that the other au
plicate thereof shall be held and retained by
the adjutant.
The committee appointed by Colonel
Smith consisted of Lieutenant-Colonel
Duboce, Major Tilden and Lieutenant
Dorhmann.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MES. LUCY GOODWIN
Suffered four years with female trou-
bles. She now writes to Mrs. Pinkham
of her complete recovery. Head her
letter:
Dear Mrs. Pinkham:— l wish you to
publish what Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, Sanative Wash
:y; -''-^m^K^^^ and Liver Pills
m wßSfmr ***l f or * our y ear 3
•*s^N* _y(C^ a so suffered
"'•"V?5^- > " &~* with nervous
I <* prostration, faint,
» all-gone feelings, palpita-
tion of the heart, bearing-down sensa-
tion and painful menstruation. I could
not stand but a few minutes at a time.
When I commenced taking your med-
icine I could not sit up half a day, but
before I had used half a bottle I was
up and helped about my work.
I have taken three bottles of Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and
used one package of Sanative Wash,
and am cured of all my troubles. ■ I feel
like a new woman. I can do all kinds
of housework and feel stronger than I
ever did in my life. I now weigh 131J^
pounds. Before using your medicine I
weighed only 108 pounds.
Surely it is the grandest medicine for
weak woman that ever was, and my
advice to all who are suffering from ;
any female trouble is to try it ■ at once
and be well. Your medicine has
proven a blessing to me, and ; I cannot
praise it enough.— Mrs. Luox GOODWDI,
Holly, W. Vfc
AT REST IN
CYPRESS LAWN
Remains of Judge Camp
bell Laid Away.
UNDER MASONIC AUSPICES.
THE CEREMONIES OF BEAUTIFUL
AND SIMPLE CHARACTER.
A Large Congregation Pays Its Re
spects to the Memory of
the Popular Judge
and Man.
The funeral of Judge James A. Camp
bell was held yesterday afternoon In
Masonic Temple. The spacious hall was
far too small to accommodate the large
assemblage who came to pay their re
spects to a man who had enjoyed a pop
ularity rarely attained among his fellow
citizens.
Judge Campbell was a member of South
San Francisco Lodge, A. F. and A. M.,
and it was under the auspices of this or
ganization that the ceremonies took place.
Judge Carroll Cook of the Supreme Court
presided, having been requested by Mrs.
Campbell to perform this duty. The beau
tiful and impressive ritual of the Masonic
order was used, there being no eulogy.
The music consisted of an organ volun
tary by Samuel D. Mayer and four vocal
numbers by Messrs. Ogilvie, Mayer, Flem
ing and Jones, who compose the choir of
California Lodge, A. F. and A. M.
The honorary pall-bearers were: J. G.
Jeffries, George W. Collins, J. A. Ellert,
Dr. G. Drucker, Judge J. E. Berry, C A.
Reynolds, D. C. F. Newton. H. G. Hull
and G. S. Graham, representing Monte
zuma Tribe, Improved Order of Red Men:
E. B. Roberts, Dr. F. F. Lord. A. Slinkey.
George Simmons and Captain W. Howell
of the Society of Old Friends. The acting
pall-bearers were: J. S. Bailey, S. Han
son, F. Wlttemeyer, H. F. Ruhlman,
James Peterson, James Ryan, Frank
Klspert t Henry Burke and J. W. D. War
ner, allTjeing officers of South San Fran
cisco Lodge, A. F. and A. M.
The various societies to which Judge
Campbell belonged were numerously and
prominently represented in the congrega
tion. There was a profusion of floral
tributes, some of them being of most
beautiful and elaborate design. Some
of these were from "The Old Friends,"
Police Court No. 3, City Prison officials,
Sheriff's office, Police Court No. 4, West
End Club, Phoenix Club, and others were
the Individual contributions from warm
personal friends.
The remains of Judge Campbell were
laid at rest in Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Soldiers Who Are Sick.
Only four soldiers out of the eleven
taken to the Receiving Hospital on Sat
urday are left in the emergency cots, the
others having been taken to the French
Hospital, except one, who has fully re
covered. Rev. Father Yorke sent the
men a supply of books and magazines
Saturday night, and two ladies from the
Red Cross Society visited them twice yes
terday with flowers and oranges.
A Chinese Found Dead in Bed.
A Chinese named Kuock On, who had
been employed as a domestic at the house
of Henry Fisher, at 2628 California street,
was found dead in his room at the rear
of the kitchen yesterday morning. The
gas jet in his room was found turned
on, and death was due to asphyxiation.
The body was removed to the Morgue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 38.
222-224 SUTTER STREET.
SPECIAL
Monday— Tuesday —Wednesday
TEA (ten kinds), our regular 50c
grades; pure and fine fla-
vored Ib 3oe
. 3 lbs for $1
BACON, very fine Eastern, reg-
ularly 18c Ib Ib 14c
CANNED FRUITS, in heavy
syrup, regularly 20c can 12 l-2c
CLARET, a good article, regu-
larly ga110n. ... .;..........: ..35c
COCKTAILS, "Sunset" brand,
six kinds, regularly $1 bottle.
Bottled expressly for family
use, pure and free from any
deleterious adulteration 7."» c
10c Straight Size,
CALLE DE ORO CLEAR HAVANA.
Better than most I2!-*c Cigars.
Send for catalogue.
Country orders carefully packed and
shipped free 100 miles.
/_ IF- YOU WEAR- ■
7^- Glasses
Wi a™* prompfefffcknf
J^v. &er\?ice by able- andcour-
U9y s Opticians wdl en v/ 5:,
OPTICIANS A ■ >SewQtPoc«
DAK ' cam»a nC v. : .
642 Market st. Photo^aphic
\A/. T. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AMD ATTORNEY- AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Sprockets Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California street. below
Powell. San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS. •
THE "UPSIDE-DOWN MAN '?■
Appears Every Afternoon and Evening
AT THE CHUTES.
A Great Vaudeville • Performance in the
FREE THEATER.
BURIAL of the MAINE SAILORS by the
ANIMATOSCOPE. "VISIONS OF
ART," etc. • •
WONDERFUL ANIMALS IN THE ZOO.
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc. Children, 6c.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m. f
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 5c
Bathing, with admission, 25c; children. 20c.
ODD FELLOWS' HALL.
ELEVENTH INVITATION : MUSICALE. ■
McKENZIE MUSICAL SOCIETY.
. " THURSDAY EVENING. MAY 26. 1898. .
One hundred voices. - Invitations can be ; ob-
tained at the i Studio of : Mr. J. W. McKenzle,
| 624 Eddy su
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRIGHT CHILDREN
Munyon Looks Out for tha
Little Ones.
A MOTHER'S RESPONSIBILITY!
Munyon never forgets the children. H«
; realizes a mother's responsibility and id
ever ready to ! give her the benefit of
his knowledge and experience. Mun-
* .^^^^_^_____^_ • yon's Guide to
EDIES where
ehe can get them quickly. They are ab-
solutely harmless, and. so labeled there
can be no mistake. ■ .
Munyon's Colic and Crying Baby Cur«
cures bilious colic, painter's colic in
children, and griping pains of every de-
scription, promptly relieves hysteria, i
sleeplessness, pain from teething, and
quiets crying babies. Munyon's Sore!
Throat Cure effects a prompt cure ;
in diphtheria, and every form of sore
throat. Munyon's Fever Cure will break
any form of fever. It should be admin-
istered as soon as the fever appears.
Munyon's Worm Cure causes the prompt
removal of pin worms, anal worms, in- j
testinal worms, and tape worms. Mun-
yon's Whooping Cough Cure is thorough-
ly reliable. It relieves at once and cures ,
promptly. Munvon's Croup Cure posl- ,
tively controls all forms of croup. ,
A separate, cure for each disease. At
all druggists, mostly 25 cents a vial. Per- ,
sonal letter to Prof. Munyon. 1,506 Arch
Philadelphia, Pa., answered with
free medical advice for any disease.
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 3.
TO-NIGHT, Only Evening and Final Present*-,
tion.
THE PASSION PLAY.
Tuesday, Wednesday. Friday and . Saturday;
Night and Saturday Matinee.
2s- YSAYE
Violinist, A KJJCS, A AJ
Accompanied by /^'C'O A "DT^V
The worlds GERARD V,
Greatest Cellist, VlillXlllJy X 9
And the Distinguished Pianist, , ;
LACHAUME.
Prices *2, $1 50, Jl and 60c.
Thursday Evening— Time.
MRS. MARY ELIZABETH LEASE,
In Lecture, "SIGNS OF, OUR TIMES."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC STAR
SPECIALTY CO.,
Headed by Frank Gardner and His Wonderful
Trained Riding Baboon. JESSIE.
LITTLE LULU, the Marvelous Trapeze Artist.
10— OTHER BIG ACTS— IO
Popular Prices, 15c, 25c and 50c.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
To-night Begins the Special Extra Week of
the Engagement.
ROBERT B. mANTELL,
And a Select Company. Management of M. W.
Hanley.
To-night and Tuesday— "A SECRET WAR-
RANT "
Wednesday and Thursday— "MONßAßS."
Remainder of W«ek-"THE FACE IN THBI
MOONLIGHT." .
Next Monday— CLAY CLEMENT. __
MOROSCQ'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morocco. Sole Lessee and Sianasac. j
ALL THIS WEEK. :
Under' Special Star Engagement,
Under Special Star Engagement,
The Brilliant Singing Soubrette,,
JESSIE NORTON,
—AND—
WM. J. ELLEFORD,
The Eminent Manager and Comedian. In Their
Excruciatingly Funny Success.
"MRS. PARTINQTON AND
HER SON IKE."
The Most Laughable Comedy Ever "Written. |
New Faces in the Cast. A Host of New Sp«©-;
laities.
Not a Dull Moment In the Performance.
; Evening Prices lOc -J? C 'J°°<
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
■ *~ ' ~~~~ ~ ~~ a'
Great New Company of American and European
Artists.
EZRA KENDALL. Original Monologue.
CARROLL JOHNSON, Famous Minstrel.
AL LEACH AND THE THREE ROSEBUDS.
COLBY & WAY. Ventriloquist and Dancin
Doll- HARRY ALLISTER. Impersonator: SA-
VANS Acrobatic Comedians; MANHATTAN!
COMEDT FOUR, New Repertoire; JEROME &
BELL. Up-to-Date Comedy; Positively Last
Week of KERNERS VISIONS OF ART, New!
Reserved seats, 2r>c: balcony, 10c; opera-
chairs and box seats. 50c.
Mat'nees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE. |
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manage*,
THIS EVENING. • '
First Presentation on Any Stage of the Musical *
Travesty in Three Acts, Entitled.
"THE POSTER"
TW l^ \\r SCENERY. COSTUMES.
Pi HI TT BALLETS, EFFECTS.
"it moves-it breathes."
Libretto by J. P. WILSON - and L. G. CAR- j
(4«sr: PENTER.
Musio by CHESTER S. PACKARD.
"It's All in the Point of View."
Popular Prices... ....25c and 800,
No Telephone. • - '
. - ■ ~* : ■ *-, v - ;" I
A x /^» A r-r A T~"\ SEATS BY
ALCAZAR. i^sssi
RESERVED SEATS, 50c, Ssc 23c. 15c. _ ;
This Monday Night and During Entire \\ eea^ .
the Famous Actor,
Mr. Lewis Morrison and Florence Roberts
" In an Elaborate Production of
"YORICK'S I_O\/E I"
•MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
Next Week. Matinee Decoration Day— THB,
MASTER OF CEREMONIES." v ■. r- !j
THE KNEISEL QUARTETTE
WILL GIVE !
TWO ADDITIONAL CONCERTS,
Thursday Afternoon. f^g-g^^ May n#
SHERMAN, GL-AY HALL,
Solos by FRANZ KNEISEL and ALWW'
SCROEDER.
. Prices :$2 and $1 50.
Sale of seats at Sherman, Clay & Ca's, Sut-
ter and Kearny streets.
fSI VMDIA I Cof n«' of Mt»on tni
. .. ■UtliuflA | Edd/ Strsou.
More soul-inspiring war scenes, new life pic- .
tures by the Blograph, the greatest of perfecto-;
scopes. United States and Spanish troops, bat-
tleships, torpedo boats and thrilling Havana T;
scenes, and a strong olio of ten ! Great Special- *
ties. Manned every Sunday. Admission {re*.
78
MARKSMEN AT
SHELL MOUND
Six Organizations Per
forate Targets.
INTERESTING KING SHOOT.
JOHN BENDER MONARCH OF
THE DEUTSCHE VEREIN.
He Brought Down the Eagle, and
a Week From Sunday Will
Be Crowned for His
Skill.
Old Shell Mound Park rang with the
;rack of rifles yesterday. It wa* a gala
day for the sharpshooters and the mem
bers of six different organizations spent
the day perforating targets of every va
riety. The king shoot of the Deutsche
Verein was the most interesting. A huge
eagle of wood was placed at the top of
a staff and the shooting commenced.
For hours lead was poured from the
rifles of the marksmen at the bird before
the last portion came tumbling to the
ground. The eagle was divided in por
tions, each being Joined to the other with
JOHN BENDER, THE KING.I
strong pieces of hard wood, and to win
a prize It was necessary that the joining
pieces be chipped away. Piece by piece
they fell until onjy the body remained, and
to bring it down me:mt that the success
ful marksman was to be crowned king of
the society for a year. This feat was
performed by John Bender, and a week
from Sunday he will be crowned king of
all the sharpshooters.
Following is the score:
First prize. G. Wallf. crown; second prize,
R. Schm:t<>nhaus. felobe; thirl priT.f, M. Oerd?s.
r; fourth prize, Or. Jahns, left foot; fifth
prize, F. Mlehle, right foot; sixth prize, N.
I-in^pMrt. rit-ht wing: spvemh prize. A. Roefer,
left wing; .-iehth prize, L. Lrfiubsher, tail;
ki;iK. John Bender.
Following is the score of the Red Men
Schuetzen Company:
Champion class, not filled— First class. M.
rid class. P. H. Rulffs. 290;
Thiri .lass. George Keuer. 260; fourth class,
H Qerlacb 265; first best shot, Captain Henry
Grieb. 24: last host shot. M. L'eckert. 22:
The Germania Schuetzen Club held its
monthly bullseye shoot, and although the
scores made were not as good as usual
the marksmen spent an enjoyable day.
The score follows:
Rust, 77; Stettin. 139^; J. F. Bridges. 144;
J Gefken. 196; H. Z^cher, 479; E. Schuster,
617- r> B. Faktor. 86SH; C. Nobman, 7i)6; Wil
liam Ooetze. B09; J. 1». Helae, b>H; L.. Haake,
1027: H. LUkendey, 1251.
The monthly medal shoot of the Nord
deutsche Schuetzen Club closed with the
following results:
Champion class, not filled: first class, O.
Lemcke, t<)4; second class, J. de Witt, 378;
third class, D. Salfield. 3SO; fourth class, Hy
Meyer, W0; first best phot. J. D. Helse, 24;
last best shot, J. I). Heise. 23.
The score of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein bullseye shoot is as
follows:
Henry Meyer. 225; John de 'Witt, 228; J.
Thode ~30S; H. F. Llnkendey, 371: D. B. Faktor,
352- O Lemcke, 4.'il: C. Nobman. 554; Frank
Koch 77fi; John Gafken. 811; A. H. Pape, 84S;
F P Schuster. H2O; Charles Thierbach, 1065;
John rtschifc, 1071; L. Haake. 1105; J. \V. Ooetz,
1106; J M. Hartman, 1115; C. F. Rust, 1157; J.
D. Heise. 11S2; E. H. Goteze. 1189; H. Zecner,
1243.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club kept
things hot over its range and some ex
ceptionally good scores were made. They
are as follows:
Fifty yards. Columbia target. Slebe pistol
medal— C. M. r>aiss, 21, 32. 37; F. O. Young,
43. 48. 60. 52. 58. 66; J. P. Cosgrave, 63. 68.
Colt's Blrley revolver trophy— F. O. Young,
64, 67. 74.
Rifle medal and Roos trophy for ladle*— J. E.
Gorman. 23 26. 27; Mrs. C. F. Waltham, 29, 30;
G Mann.Ml. 33: Mrs. M. J. White, 43.
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club, all comers,
rifle medal— F. E. Mason, 43; A. H. Pape, 61;
Dr. Rodcera, 54.
Bushnell military medal— A. H. Pape, 49. 48,
48 48.
Hembars' rifle medal— A. B. Dorr«U, 62; M.
J White, 66; J. E. Gorman, 74.
Schuetzen Park's Marksmen.
The regular monthly bull's-eye shoot of
the California Schuetzen Club was held
yesterday at Schuetzen Park, and rifles
popped from morning until late in the
evening. Following is the list of scores:
A. <;ohret. flr^t prize, score IC9; H. Eck
mann, second prize. 250: R. Sanger. third prize,
456: John L,. Utschlß Jr.. fourth prize, 620; A.
Kaliwyler. flrth prtze, 633; C. Eglng, sixth prize,
669; J. C. Wilden. seventh prize, 846; L. C.
Babln, eighth prize, 888; F. B. Turner, ninth
prize, 5«>0; T. J. Csutoll. tenth prize, 911; J.
Jones, eleventh prize, 1042; F. Schumann,
twelfth prize, 1055: John Horstmann, thirteenth
prize 1106; O. Beaumelst»r. fourteenth prize,
1143; J. F. Robinson, fifteenth prize. 1146; R.
Stettin, xlxte<>nth prize, 1151; O. Bremer, seven
teenth prize, 1245; J. Wollmer, eighteenth prize,
1274: J. 1 Str-Rub. nineteenth prize, 1302: A.
Breups, twentieth prize. 1480: A. Hampel,
tw«nty-flrat prize, 1570; L. Reubold, twenty
seoonci prize, 1610; F. C. Hagerup, twenty-third
prize, 1621; diaries Sagehorn, twenty-fourth
prize, 1644; W. A. Ehrenpfort, twenty-fifth
prize, 1752.
Handball Sports.
Tho popular sport of handball was kept
In full play yesterday at the two San
Francisco courts. At Phil Ryan's court
at 858 Howard Btreet the following games
were played:
Ij, Waterman and P. Hutchlnson defeated J.
It. Bockman and J. Hogan. Score: 21-16, 17-21,
21-20.
P. Ryan and G. McDonald defeated R. Shea,
and M. McNeil. Score: 21-13, 16-21, 21-18.
P Stelner and L. Corraine defeated M. Maher
and P. McKlnnon. Score: 21-16. 14-21. 21-15.
>f Mclaughlin and P. Hutchlnson defeated
M. Baech and D. Regan. Score: 21-IS. 16-21.
21-17.
R. Housman and T. Foley defeated E. White
and J. Kirny. Score: 21-13, 19-21. 21-16.
J. Leonard and P. Ryan defeated D. O'Rrlen
and E. White. Score: 21-13. 19-21. 21-17.
B. Curley and M. MeClurC defeated M. Ma
pulre and I). Ropan. Score: 21-13. 14-21, 21-16.
P. Gallngher and P. Hutchlnaon defeated D.
O'Brien and P. Kelly. Score: 21-15. 16-21. 21-19.
J. Rtordan and A. Hampton defeated J. C.
Nealon and J. Collins. Score: 21-13. ID-21, 21-20.
J. C. Nealon and A. Hampton defeated J.
Klordan and J. Collins. Score: 21-17. 14-21,
21-15.
At the Occidental court on Grove street
the garnet* played resulted as follows:
Ous Widder, "the German champion," and
John Donahue defeated George J. Ix>we and
David Klrby by the following score: 21-19.
19-21. 21-17.
Gun Widder defeated Victor Drlscoll. Bcore:
21-IS. 14-21, 21-17.
W. Craig and T. Ward defeated T. Thompson
and J. Sullivan. Score: 21-11, 19-21. 21-W.
O. Kull and J. Denane defeated F. Mullnlx
and A. Hanson. Score: 21-19, 17-21, 21-16.
C. Hartshorn and W. Colemaa defeated Al
Hudson and J. Roas. Score: 21-12, IS- 21, 21-20.
F O'Nell and E. Duffy defeated A. Ames and
O. Deves. Score: 21-16. 17-21. 21-19.
F Fletcher and J. McDonald defeated A.
Uowell and J. Kllduff. Score: 21-20, 15-21, 21-IS.
J Condon and E. McVlcker defeated O. Ebner
and T L>Mon. Score: 21-20, 19-21. 21-13.
J Sheridan and E. Plncus defeated T. Price
and George Grant. Score: 21-18. 20-21, 17-21.
SMASHED THE PLATE GLASS.
A Drunken Marine Fireman Who Did
Not Like His Reflection.
William Hill, who gives his occupation
as a marine fireman, was celebrating the
arrival of the troops all Saturday night,
and about 7 o'clock yesterday morning
while passing the offlce of the Spring Val
ley Water Works on Geary and Stockton
streets he took a look at himself In the
large plate glass door. It did not seem
to please him. and he walked across the
street where there were some bricks, and
picking up three he recrossed the street
and throw the bricks through the plate
glass door, smashing it Into pieces.
Sergeant Steve Bunner and Special Offi
cer Armager heard the crash and, run
ning to the scene, placed Hill under ar
rest and sent him to the City Prison
where he was charged with malicious mis
chief He refused to say why he broke
the plate glass door. The three bricks
are booked as evidence against him.
SKIFF MEN DO NOT RACE.
The Treadwell Medal for Junior Scul-
lers Is Not Yet Won.
The race between the Junior scullers of j
the Dolphin Swimming and Boating Club j
for the A. B. Treadwell medal, for which j
the entries closed on May 15, should have ;
taken place yesterday at 11:30 o'clock in j
the morning. There were three entries, .
Victor Caglierl. C. M. Farrell and T. J. !
Hopkins. When the time for starting the
race came it was found that the strong \
westerly breeze had kicked up a consid
erable sea and it was decided to defer
the event. The A. B. Treadwell medal for ,
Junior skiffs thus remains unawarded.
Some date will probably be set for a race
to decide to whom the medal is to go.
Quiet Day at the Park.
Thousands of visitors thronged Golden
Gate Park and the beach yesterday, most
of them being soldWa and strangers in
the city. The crowds everywhere were
characterized by the absence of visitors
from the city. The soldiers took advan
tage of the level spaces and long, unob
structed drives to drill. Visitors afoot
and those driving stopped and witnessed
the drills. The day was characterized by
the absence of accidents.
The aquatic events at Sutro Baths fur
nished some good sport. F. Seebach won
the nfty-yard swimming race, with H.
Tweednian second. The seventy-five-yard
race was won by N. Ringrofe, with F.
Durand second. The winner of the 100
yard dash was D. Carroll, with J. Hln
tonia second. Bernett won the spring
board and fancy diving contest and A. J.
Baker was awarded second place. The
120-yard hurdle race was won by J. Lo
coste. with F. Durand second.
Refused to Pay His Fare.
W. F. Craig, a bookkeeper, was ar
rested yesterday morning by Policeman
T. L. Tobln on charges of battery and
disturbing the peace. He was on a Mc-
Allister-street car, and when the con
ductor asked him to pay his fare he re
fused. The conductor stopped the car at
Larkin street and told Craig to get oft.
Craig struck at the conductor but missed
him. Policeman Tobin happened to be
near, and advised Craig to behave him
self and pay his fare. Craig was in?ult
ing, and Tobln showed him his star. It
had no effect upon Craig, who made a
vicious thrust at Tobin with the point of
his umbrella and caught him on the ab
domen. Before he could repeat the dose
he was overpowered. The injury to Tobln
may prove serious.
Tailors at a Picnic.
Despite the unsettled condition of the
weather a large and jolly crowd attended
the twenty-fifth annual picnic of the
Journeymen Tailors' Protective and Ben
evolent Association, held at Schuetzen
Park yesterday. Games of all kinds kept
the excursionists busy, and dancing sup
plemented the sport. The tug-of-war was
won by the single men's team after a
hard tussle.
Knocked Down by a Bicyclist.
Susie Lynch, a little girl living at 4
Cleveland street, was knocked down by
a bicyclist on Polsom street, between
Sixth and Seventh, yesterday afternoon
while she was crossing the street. She
was taken to the Rtceivlng Hospital,
where it was found that her shoulder
blade was fractured.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over©, ooo,ooo Boxes
FOS BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pafn in tho Stomach.
Giddiness. Fuluess after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Tremblinj? Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BKECHAM'B PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And hare the
LARCEST SALE
•f any Patent Medicine In the World.
25c. at all Drug Stores.
LOOK OUT!
for the dealer who will attempt to palm
§off on you a, cheap
substitute for the
Christy Saddle. It is
to his advantage, of
course, and to your
disadvantage. When
you buy a high-grade
bicycle you are en-
titled to a high-grade
epuipment ; therefore, insist that your
wheel come fitted with the Christy Saddle.
Fitted to high-grade wheels without
extra charge. For sale everywhere. -
Ask to see the new Christy Racing
Saddle. . . •
Once a Christy rider always a Christy
advocate.
Send for Christy Booklet .
L G. SPALDINQ & BROS.,
NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
Radway's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises,
Sore . Muscles, Cramps, Burns, Sunburns, Back-
ache, Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu-
ralgia, • Lumbago. Internally for all Bowel
Pains. Colic. Diarrhoea, Dysentery. Cholera
Morbus and ■ Sickness. Nausea, »tc. All drug-
gist* J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 23, IS9B.
COURSING AT
UNION PARK
Koolawn Wins the Open
Stake Races.
SEVERAL LONG SHOTS WIN.
LARGE CROWDS AND A *EW
SURPRISES.
Koolawn •won the open stake races at
Union Park yesterday, and her victory
was well earned. Ii the third ties Koo
lawn met Metallic and, with the odds
against her, won in a very clever race.
The crowd was large and the betting
brisk.
The very first race was a tumble to the
talent yesterday. After running a no-go
Van Knapp beat out Terrona, with the
odds 4 to 1 against him. Not long after
this Forget succumbed to Sportsman, the
odds 4 to 1, with Sportsman on the short
end. The surprise of the day was the
race between Susie and Morning Glory-
The odds, 10 to 1, with Morning Glory on
the short end, is evidence for what
the bettors considered Morning Glory's
chances. Susie led from the slip, but was
soon passed by Morning Glory, who then
kept the lead. The few that played Morn-
Ing Glory did some tali rejoicing. Llssak
won a bye from Glenstone in the fifth
ties, with Glenstone the favorite.
The contests were as follows:
First ties — M. Nealon's Van Knapp beat W.
C. Glaeson's Terrona. M. Mlohallk's Fireball
beat K. C. Scott'B Mystery. J. McCormaek'ts
Uliick Prince beat Cronln & McDonald's Dottle
Dimple, J. McNetU's Sportsman beat J. J. Ed
monds' Forg<*t, J. Conjiell's Senorita beat R.
B. Kay's Crotispateh, D. Hooper's Koolawn
b«it J. Goldman's Sarcastic, Pasha Kennel' •
Metallic beat Rvan & Anderson's Kill Boy,
Brown & Luther's Van Nlda beat Larkey &
Rock's Hercules, A. Johnson* L.issak beat
John Kerrigan's 9t. Lawrence, S. K. Portal's
Gallagher beat Derby Kennel's L,ittle Dorrit,
P. (J'.rman's Kingston bpat J. F. Rodgers'
Little Dottle, Orient Kennel's Promts c Me
beat J. Perigo's Helle SewarJ, Curtis & Son's
Maude R beat fierce & Sullivan's Santa Bella.
,J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory beat T. But
ter's Susie. T. Hayes' Chiquita beat T. Boyle's
Mission Boy, R. B. Kay's Eclipse beat J. J.
Edmonds' Move On. J. Lennon's Little Doubt
beat C. F. Ingersol's Glenwood. EL H. Kay's
Diana beat E. V. Sullivan's Jesse Moore.
Second ties — Fireball beat Van Knapp.
Sportsman beat Black Prince, Koolawn beat
Senorita, Metallic beat Van Nlda, Lissak beat
Gallagher. Promise Me beat King-stone. Maude
S beat Morning Glory. Eclipse beat Chiquita,
Diana beat Little Doubt.
Third ties — Fireball beat Sportsman, Konlawn
: beat Metallic, Llssak beat Promise Mp. Maude
S beat Eclipse, Diana lost a bye to Crosspatch.
Fourth ties — Koolawn beat Fireball, Lissak
ADVERTISEMENT".
S®®®@®®®®®®®®.®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ®®
iCITYOFfIi PARIS:
® "^V^iSSii^^ 1 ®
I DRY GOODS CO. I
1 COLORED DRESTGOODS! I
I Exceptional Values in New and Stylish Weaves/I
| THE FOLLOWING ARE A FEW OF THE BIG INDUCEMENTS. ' |
® WE ARE NOW OFFERING 0
® 85.00 FULL. SUIT All-Wool Etamines, new colorings; worth 58.00. ®
® $6.00 FULL SUIT All-Wool Vlgoreaux and two-toned Twills, spe- ®
<m) cially imported for street and traveling wear. 3->» •*.:■ fa
X $12. 50 FULL SUIT Grenadine ground, with raised silk Crepon V
w ' Stripes, very stylish; worth $20.00. ®
® $17.50 FULL SUIT All-Silk Grenadine, black figures on shaded ®
® grounds, very rich effect; worth $25.00. ®
® OOc yard— 46-INCH ALL-WOOL PLAID, new designs and colorings; fa
fa worth $1.25. r." • ;X
w A magnificent line of TAILOR SUITINGS In Coverts, Granites, Whip-
® cords and Genuine English Redferns. ®
® SPECIAL! ®
5 All our 12%, 15 and 20c DIMITIES, LAWNS and SCOTCH LAPPETS I
marked down to 5c per yard. x 1x 1
® The balance of our fine FRENCH ORGANDIES at greatly reduced KJ
0) prices. ®
© • . . ®
® Dressmaking and TAILOR-MADE SUITS a specialty. ®
fa Don't fail to visit our new ELEGANT MILLINERY DEPARTMENT. 0
1 COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. |
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
® S.E. Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts., S. F., ®
® UNION SQUARE. v'l " ®
® ®
®®®®®®©®®®®®®'®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
"I know a Mrs. Curry, who lives in Tennessee," said the
Professor, "who never had any trouble with her health, asidft
from rheumatism, until after she was sixty years of age, but
then there came some derangement of the digestive organs, and
at the suggestion of her daughter, with whom she was living,
she tried Ripans Tabules and was benefited immediately. Now
she keepu them in the house all the time, and generally takes
one just after eating. She finds that it cures any irregularities
of the bowels, and says that, in her opinion, no family should
.ever be -without a supply of Ripans Tabules in the house"
beat Diana, Mande S lost a bye to Vanity
Pair
Fifth ties— Koolawn beat Mauda B. Lissak
won a bye from Glenstone.
Finals— Koolawn beat Lissak.
WITH THE GREYHOUNDS.
LOS ANGELES, May 22. -There was a
large crowd present at the coursing at
Agricultural Park to-day and a good lot
of fast dogs in the field. The work of the
new official, Sam Blair, was very satis
factory. As a special attraction there
was an exhibition of high-wire walking
by Professor Markberg. In the run-offs
Dan C beat Portia; Beau Brummel beat
Snooze after a tie; Queen J beat John
Mitchell; Kitty Scott beat Admiral
Dewey; Fleetwood beat Dr. Fagan: B
B and B beat Grazer after a tie; Sir Jas
per beat Juanita; Van Brulle beat Blue
Bird; Van Tralle beat Corbett; Breacn oi
Promise beat Bright; Romeo beat A BO;
Move On beat Aliso after a tie; Oriental
beat Gold Dusf Orpheum Lass beat Cy
clone; Zephyr beat Columbia; Doncaster
beat Don Orsini. „ ~
In the run-offs Dan C beat Beau Brum
mel; Kitty Scott beat Queen J; Fleet
wood beat B B and B; Sir Jasper beat
Van Brulle; Breach of Promise beat \an
Tralle; Romeo b.-at Move On; Orpheum
Lass beat Oriental; Doncaster beat
In the second ties Dan C beat Kitty
Scott; Sir Jasper beat Fleetwood; Romeo
beat Breach of Promise; Orpheum Lass
beat Doncaster. . . ... „
In the third ties Sir Jasper beat Dan
C- Orpheum Lass beat Romeo.
In the finals Orpheum Lass beat Sir
Jasper, with Sir Jasper second, Romeo
third.
CRICKETERS FAIL TO PLAY.
No Match Took Place Yesterday on
the Alameda Grounds.
The match set down on the schedule of
the California Cricket Association for
yesterday was Married vs. Single on the i
Webster-street grounds at Alameda. Sev- ;
eral members of the Alameda Club were i
present, but the members of the Pacific [
Club were conspicuous by their absence.
There not being enough players present
to make up sides the match was neces
sarily abandoned and the players con
tented themselves with practice at tne
net. It is understood that the members
of the Pacific Club absented themselves
in order to mark their sense of disap
proval of the refusal of the Alameda cap
tain to go on with the match begun on
May 8. and which should have been
played out on May 15 on the Golden Gate
grounds. This match was the first of five
matches scheduled to take Place during
the season between the Alameda ana
Pacific elevens, each match to occupy two
successive Sundays. The captain of the
Alameda eleven contends that as the
match was discontinued on May la on ac
count of rain the pame Is drawn. Ihe
Pacific Club eleven was strongly in the i
load on the first innings and feels that it j
was deprived of a chance of putting the
first match of the season to its credit.
It is possible that a third club. Includ
ing within its ranks two or three strong
players, may be formed and if this is
successfully "accomplished it will become
accessary to prepare a new schedule of
matches for the Hunter Harrison cup for
the present season. Under these circum
stances the half-played match between
the Pacific and Alameda teams would
probably be counts! opt.
In a circular letter to the directors of
schools the Italian Minister of Public In
struction complains that Instruction n
domestic duties fs too much neglected in
thn schools for girls.
summer resort
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outtng there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH -RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral. Tub. Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling, Billiards, Croquet.
Handball Shuffleboard. Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages. $3 to $7 i>«r
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth fit.. San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County. CaL
Pamphlets mailed free.
SPECIALJJOTICE I
THE TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAG
Will Be Open for the Reception of Guests
JUNEFIRST.
Owing to the favorable weather conditions In
the Shasta "-eglon and at the request of many
patrons The Tavern of Castle Crag will be
opened for the reception of guests Wednesday,
June 1. two weeks earlier than usual.
The resasonablecharjje^ and the superior man-
agement wk'ch have characterized this well-
known resort vill be continued.
Applicants for accommodations prior to June
1 should address Mr. George Srhonewald. Man-
ager, room 59, Union Trust building. San Fran-
cisco. After above date they should address
him at Castle Crag, Shasta County, CaJ.
SARATOGA SPRINGS!
Lake County, Cal,
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Ean
of access; telephone connections and dally mail.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTEXS. Pro-
prietor or In San Francisco, 41G Pine street, F.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
and baths, clecnest accommodation and table,
ParalsD stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 013 Market St., S. F., IS; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Soltdad.
For terms and free pamphlet address K.
ROBERTSON, Manas t-r.
ft If 1 fiflfl HOT SPRtNOS, Sonoma Co
\il filill\ Only 4^> hours from S. F. and
UltrtUVw but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues: best natural bath
in State; ewlmmlr.g and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery: excellent climate: good trout
streams at door; photographers' room ; _ tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mail; FIRST-CL.AS3
SERVICE: morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from 8. F. only $5 50; take Tiburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. « a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th«
past three years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place is located in
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water fine Ftone dining room; telephone con-
nections electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, 110.
JOHN BPAULDINO. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDINQ. Manager.
A.asra-"v^i3sr'S:
On Howell Mountain: elevation 1750 feet:
rwlmmlnK tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees- climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other sprlnjrs; tennis, croquet. TlMng.
drl^ng. $10 to $12 per week; two trains daily:
four houts from city. Telephone.
E. ANGWIN. Anjrwin. Nnpa County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particular! write to EDSON BROS.. Bes-
wick, Sisklyon County. Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious llmate: pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pure
spring water: beautiful drives: pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture In a shnrt time. Addresi St.
Helena Sap'tarium. St. Helena, Cal.
HILLSIDE F*/\RM.
Fine spring water, fresh butter, eggs and
milk: magnificent location: grand scenery.
Rates $7 to $9 per wek. children, half price.
Address MRS. B. KUNZEL. Napa. Cal.
AT BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY.
Board for summer months; private family;
croquet grounds; large sunny rooms, billiard
room and salt water swimming baths; con-
venient for business men and families. MRS.
M. HAN'SEN.
HARBIN HOTSULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of »kln
diseases cured in marvelously short time: kid-
ney liver catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
troubles immediately relieved: rates $10 to $18
per week. Long-distance telephone. Address
J A. HAYS. Proprietor. Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; unequaied soda
and magnesia sprir.ys; hot and cold baths: fur-
nished cottages: terns *10 to <12 per week.
Telephone. Buy thr ujh tickets. O. HO WELL,
Proprietor. Hopland. Cr.l.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room. 130 ft. lake frontage; new
stable and livery: boating and bathing *ree:
$8 to $14 per week; round trip. $9 50. H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop.. Bertha P. 0., Lake County. Cat
DEER PARK INN
(Lake Tahoe), elevation C 507 feeet, opena June
1. Fine .•\ccommodatlona. Cottages with pri-
vate baths and open fires. Table unsurpassed.
R. R. rates, $13 50 for ROUND TRIP. J. S.
LIHBT. room i. Flood building. Ban Franclicu.
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
,s along SAN FRANCISCO and
oo H ff E the NE NORTH PACIFIC RT
(The Picturesque Route of California.)
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over 2QO. well
stocked with trout.
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life, visit one cf our many
Mineral Spring Resorts.
If you want to enjoy the V.ome life of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will bo
glad to have yon.
Camping grounds are free.
At the Resorts and th» homes of the ranchers
charge? are reasonable.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office. 660 Market st. (Chronicle building), or
at General Office. Mutual Life building. San-
some and California Pts.
R. X. RYAN. General Passenger Agent.
A- W. FOSTER, President and General
Manager.
FREE CAMPING
All along the San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, ,In Marin, Sonoma. Mendodno
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guerneville branches, along Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered daily at camps.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office. Mutual Life building, Sansome
and California sts.
R. X. RYAN. General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General Man-
ager. •;';".
-__ , An lde*d place for rest.
/■ JL^— — _, recreation /.nd health.
/BHT'T|*| Naturally * warm mineral
/-fl >9li ( H. water in swimming tank
-*■ -**•'***'• and tub baths. No stag-
ing — private ' rig meets
/"* ':"••:•£■: train at St. Helena. Round
WiK*4flA*P trip tickets. $7. Rates, $10.
jorin2s $i ' ii4aw — k ■
i O W. L. MITCHELL,
Manager. Lidell, Napa
S. F. Aerent. ' v >: County. C.TI.
F. V. OWEN, Claus Spreckels Building.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The ideal spot for families because it is
clean no poison oak, no pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS. Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County. 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS
Tepid Swimming ~ake. Long-distance Tele-
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $13 per w«ek : $2 and $2 50 per
day. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOI IN LAKE COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecially In cases of STOMACH. LIVER. KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel:
superior accommodations; $8 to $10 "per we»k:
roads excellent: good trout fishing and deer
hunting on property. For particulars ■ < /rit« W.
R. McGOVERN, Carlsbad, Lake County.
OfiAATI f FJf IT Ana good treat-
UUUIi LICK ment go hand In
hand, at HOTEL GISELMAN.
Lakeport. Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more; grand led wood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRIN'GER. Seaview. Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St., S. F.. for par-
ticulars.
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Tehnma County. By rail to Red Bluff. 1»
miles: fare, $6 45; dally stage to springs. 9
miles; fare. t\: elevation lOflfl feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent: accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postofflce
In hotel: rates, $lf> and up; fend for book of
information and testimonials. ED. B. \VAI/-
BRIDGE. Proprietor.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRITS GS HOTEL.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tlb-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled r.nd refur-
nished. Water, gas. electric bells. Rates JlO to
$12 per week, J2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS. Aqua Caliente. Sonoma Co.,
Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE,
Lnkepopt. Cal.
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fins
large grounds; special facilities for families
and children; home cooking, boating, bathing,
fishing; rates reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatic*.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms. $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT. Napa. Cal.
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot In Lake County: hunt-
Ing, fishing, boating, swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLINOAME. Proprietors. Soda Bay.
Kelseyville. Lake County. Cal.
SUM/VIER HOJVIE T=-f\rt/ri.
Santa Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
port; cottages, tents, hunting and fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming; long
distance telephone; campers' return tickets
J2 50. Send for circular to J. H. HAESTERS.
Glenwood. Cal.
LE TRIANON HOTEL.
Reopened. New management. Beautifully
situated on Upper Blu.^ Lake. Lake Co.. Cal.
Leave S. F. 7 a. m., arrive Trianon 5 p. m.
Fishing, hunting, boating and bathing. Supe-
rior table. Chicken dinners Sunday. Wednesday
and Friday. Terms. V to 110 per week.
.W. S. PHILLIPS. Bertha P. 0.. LaJte Co., Cal.
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES, CALIFORNIA.
Otto E. Never Proprietoe
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THP COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINGS.
I WON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEL AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
For Information rail or write W. M. COW-
ARD, 11 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
I A MAGIC_ ISLAND !
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a
counterpart in America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing in the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage ride.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music, dancing, pyrotechnics, water
carnival, etc.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments: efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July 1. SPLENDID ARRANGEMENT
for campers.
Full information, rates and illustrated pam-
phlets.
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
Los Angeles, Cal.
HIGHLAND SPRIHGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs in America; all kinds of amuse-
ments: new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
Ing alley. First-class accommodations: rates
reasonable. Write for illustrated • pamphlets.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal. i
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the heart of the redwoods, 4
miles from Glenwood, county of Santa Cruz.
Magnificent mountain . scenery; novation 1900
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piano,
etc. Cottage* for families. Stage fare, 50c.
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest
scenery Is to be seen of this and other counties.
Address L. PERHACS, Glenwood.
____~_m_r -A rSkITX SPRINGS.
si 1 i W Anil PUTAH P. 0.,
fifiVT ▼? /-^iVJLr LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates, $8 $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postrffice and telephone.
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific office, 611
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBY.
V.l TOCALOMA. MM c *o ria
BERTR/*ISD HOTEL.
First - class accommodations; reasonable
rates; fishing: beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. JOSEFH F. BERTRAND or 321 Kearny st.
MONTE VISTA,
Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sixteen rooms added.
Fine table. All kinds of mountain fruit, fresh
vegetables, pure milk and cream. Springs of
pure soft spring water. Illustrated circular.
THOMAS E. MORGAN. Monte Vista, Dutcli
Flat. Placer County, Cal.
BURLINGAME.
(San Mateo County.)
Redlngton Place for rest and comfort, from
June H. Address IRA. G. HOITT.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R- *• Elevation. WOSfeet.
Dally mail. Telephone connection^ -%c» ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer. Placer Co.. uaK
CALAVERAS BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
7&& STlftS:
gornery street.
MFNLO Park— For rent, very nice house. 13
Hrooina and bath; neatly furnished; just put in
perfect order; large grounds; 5 minutes^ from
der>of low rent. Apply to Fargo 1 «
agent.' Menlo Park, or DAVIDSON * LEIGH.
30 Montgomery st. - .
OPR'S HOT SPRINGS— I 4 miles from Ukiah;
charmingly located; % mile from the red-
woods: fine fishing and hunting; free hot
mineral baths, water 106 degrees; sure euro
for rheumatism and skin diseases; round trip
19 50- terms $1 to $1 50 per day; best family
board J. H. ORR. P. 0.. Mendocino Co.. Cal.
WRITE W. H. MILLER. Ukiah. for livery ac-
commodations to springs In Lake and Men-
doclno counties to save money.
WRITE SMITH & HILL. Ukiah. for livery
accommodations to springs in Lake and Men-
doclno counties to save money.
ROOMS for housekeeping, furnished or unfur-
niebed, at Mill Valle- Address C. J. GARD-
NER. Mill Valley. Cal.
A WICKETS news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
DR.MCNULT7.
T'nrs well-known and rkmaiu.e qr.n
■I >l>rr-laltst cures I'rlvate.Nprvous.BloodHinlSkin
Diseases of Men only. ■ Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book. free. Patients
cured at Home. - Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
dally ; 6:3o to B.3o eVcs. S^i.dKV*. 10 to 12. ConßUlu-
Uon free and BucredlyeonrideDilal. Call or address
P.ROSCOE W««SiITI/TT. 31. !»..
>6« Krnrnr Ssr«-<-l <iaa fr»nci««i». C»|.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS,
In a powerful aphrodisiac and specific toala
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for disease* of th«
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRtXNE. Agents.
523 Market Street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.!PICKED BLINDLY
FROM THE SKY
Wonderful Catch Made
by McLaughlin.
MANY BRILLIANT PLAYS.
SENSATIONAL BASEBALL AT
BECREATION PARK.
Smith Caught One of Knell's Fast
Ones and Started a Proces
sion Around the
Bases.
BY JOE CORBETT.
In view of the fact that our gallant rep- :
resentatlves of the stars und stripes were
holding a reception at the Presidio and
E:iy District track, the crowd which as- |
eembled at Recreation Park was not as j
large as it might have been, yet those ;
Who were fortunate enough to be present
bad an opportunity to witness some bril- i
liant individual plays that excelled any- !
thing I have ever seen at Recreation Park j
or ever expect to see. It very rarely hap
pens that a game of ball is played in >
•which a particularly clever or sensational i
play is not made by some p'.ayer of
either side. In yesterday's grame, however,
they were so numerous that those who
■were keeping score had to hustle in order
to jot them down. The most sensational
end difficult catch was made by Mc-
Laughlin, and there is no doubt that he j
was as surprised as those present on find- '
ing the ball still in his hand on reaching
terra firma. It occurred in the fourth in
ning. Billing?, the first man up for Stock- '.
ton. was presented with a base on balls. ,
Bmith. who has been hitting the ball hard '■
of late, lit on to one of Kneels fast ones,
Bending it to the fence for two bases, and
scoring Billings. Rice, the next man up. !
hit a pop fly, it being due to drop about
thirty feet over McLaughlin"s head. The
moment the ball left the bat Me turned
and sprinted with all his might in the ,
direction the ball had taken, and without j
turning jumped about as high as he will
ever jump and came down with the sphere j
in his left hand, amid a storm of applause, i
It was a great catch, and will not be ,
duplicated for some time.
■ .-. ; -i Solna also made one-handed
catches, either one of which would bring
i down in an ordinary game of
I all. But, as I said before, this game was ■
o;;t of the ordinary in every way. Hits,
errors, wild pitches, bases on balls, in j
: almost everything that could pos- j
happen, was to be st-en during the
With nil that it was a good game,
:n the iirst inning. Both pitchers :
i to be very erratic at the start ;
were touched up in a lively manner.
this, though, they pitched better
ball, yet they should not think for a sec- '■
or.d that their worli at any time was j
id. Kiu-11. after giving ten bases ;
on balls and allowing eight nits to be ]
made off his delivery, should shake hands
with himself, for he certainly had an off
day and was very fortunate in winning.
YVhalen was invariably hit when hits !
were needed, and yet had he been accorded
better support would no doubt have
pitched a* better game. He seemed un
able to fool or out-general batsmen at
critical stages. In only two innings did
the Athletics connect with him, but in
those two innings they bunched th<yr hit*
and made a su£,"ctesi number of runs ttt
win. They outplayed their opponents in
ev'vy position save the box, nearly
every player on the team making a •'star"
play all by his "lonesomes." Individual j
. were about equal, and j
errors werf plentiful, especially on me
Stockton -ide. The game was, neverthe- i
a Bbd one, and enjoyed by every j
"Tan" present. The features are too
numerous to mention, Reilly playing the
all-around game for the Athletics.
and SHna and N Smith doing likewise for •
the Stocktons. The score is as follows:
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
E. Smith, c. f.... 5 1 1 1 0 0 1
ReiUv. 2 b 5 2 1 2 6 3 0
McLaughlin, s. 5.... 3 10 2 13 1
1b512 0 8 0 0
- 3 10 14 10
f 4 12 13 10
; r. f.... 3 2 2 2 2 0 0
ton. 3 b 4 0 1 0 2 2 1
p3OO 0 1 2 0
Totals 35 9 9 8 27 12 3
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. FO. A. E.
Pelna. 1 b 2 10 0 9 0 1
gf». 8. 8 4 2 2 0 4 4 3
N Smith, 2 b 4 2 2 0 15 1
f 5 1 1 0 0 0 0
H White, c. f 4 0 1 1 0 1 3
: c 4 0 1 0 7 0 0
:,I White. 3 b 3 0 1 0 2 0 0
Siowart. rf 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Vi'halen, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 1
Totals 33 6 8 1 24 14 . 9
RUNS BY INNINGS.
ton 3 0 0 1 0 0 0 2 o—6
• hits 2 10 2 10 11 o—B
Athletics 5 0 0 0 0 0 4 n •— a
hits 5 0 1 0 1 1 1 0 •— 9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Knell 3. Whalen 2.
Home run— Smith. Two-base hits— Stultz. N.
Bmith. Johnston. Ford. Base en errors— Ath-
Icton 1. Bases on balls— Athletics
6. Stockton 10. Left on bases— Athletics 7.
n 11. Struck oat— By Knell 2. by Wha
len 6. Hit by pitcher— M. White. Double
plays— McLaughlin to Reillv. Upilly to Stultz.
Papsed ball— Peters. Wild pitch— Whalen.
Umpire — C? Council.
A Hot Game at Fresno.
FRESNO, May 22.— The most hotly con- I
tested game of ball ever witnessed in j
this city was played at Athletic Park this \
afternoon between the Fresnos and Ath- ;
letics. From the seventh inning the \
pcore stood 3 to 3, and the game extended ;
Into the fourteenth inning, when an un
fortunate wrangle occurred and the visi
tors refused to proceed. Umpire Sam j
Ferguson gave the decision to Fresno. |
After the Oaklands left the diamond they
returned and offered to accept the ur- j
pire's ruling to which they objected, but j
Ferguson declared that he had already j
given the decision to the home team and j
could not revoke the ruling. Oakland de
clared that it would protest the game.
Up to the time of the disagreement, the j
game was the prettiest of the season, i
The visitors made their three runs in the
first and second innings, and their score
after that was a long string of ciphers.
no made two runs in the second, :
•when McCue lined out a three-baggeV, i
bringing in Ferguson and Moore, who j
were on bases.
The home team succeeded in tleing the
score in the seventh inning, after which
both sides failed to get a man in. j
The game lasted until almost dusk, and j
the lart;.; crowd was wild with excile- ;
merit. , ,
In the latter half of the fourteenth inn-
Ing, Mangerina, the midget catcher, got
to first on a fumbled scorcher to infield.
Earley made a safe one, Mangerina ad
vancing to second. Then Held was up,
and bunted the ball and -was thrown out
at first- Oakland claimed he interfered
with the ball arid that the base runners
should not be allowed to advance a bag.
They wrangled until the umpire gave ..*e
game to Fresno.
This is the second time that the Oak
lands have walked off the diamond this
season, and the people are thoroughly
disgusted with their action to-day. As
there was but one man out and two men I
on bases the home team had a very ]
good chance to score. A strong ..wind
prevailed during the game, and many i
drives which looked good for safe hits
were carried into the fielders': mitts.
Both Russell and Thomas pitched good
ball, and their arms lasted well.through
out the long contest. Brittan accepted
six chances in right field' and Earley and j
Courtney also put up good games. The |
shortstop work of Schmeer, for Oakland,
was the feature of the game.
The score is as follows:
OAKLAND.
• AB. n. BH. SB. PO. A. E. j
Donovan, r. f.. ...... 5 0 113 0 0!
CVNVII 2 b .6 0 2 0 3 4 0
Lan e. 3 b...... 4 10 0 5 3 .1
Hard'e c. t... 6 0 10 2 0 0.
Sykea, 1 b..... ....... « 0 1 0 18 0 2
Sullivan, c, .......... 5 0 2 12 10
Schmeer, s. b.. ;..... 6 - 11 0 4 5 0
Moamoaon, I. f ..4 X I 0 8 1, Q{
Russell, p 5 0 0 0 0 3 0 j
Totals 47 3 9 2 *40 17 3
• One man out when Oakland left the field.
FRESNO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Earley 2 b 4 113 12 0
Held, lb 6 0 0 1 20 0 0
Courtney, s. a 4 0 0 1 4 5 0
Moore, 3 b 6 1 1 1 1 6 0
Ferguson, 1. f 6 1 3 0 1 0 0
McCue. c. f 5 0 1 0 1 1 0
Brittaln, r. f 5 0 10 6 0 0
Thomas, p 6 0 0 0 0 7 1
Mangerlna, c 6 0 0 0 8 1 0
Totals 47 3 7 6 42 22 1
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 1 200000000000 o—3
Base hits 0 300001110100 2—9
Fresno 0 200001000000 •— 3
Base hits 0 300000201000 I—7
SUMMARY.
Three-hase hit— McCue. Sacrifice hits—Brit
tain, Held and Sullivan. First base on errors
—Oakland. 0; Fresno, 3. First base on balls-
Oakland, 4; Fresno, 4. Left on bases— Oakland,
!7; Fresno, 10. Struck out— By Thomas, 7; by
Russell. 2. Hit by pitcher— Courtney, Earley
and Held. Double play— Courtney to Held.
Passed ball— Sullivan. Wild pitch— Thomas.
Time of game— 2:ls. Umpire— Sam Ferguson.
Official scorer — Al Sunderland.
WON IN THE TWELFTH.
SAN JOSE, May 22.— San Jose should
have won to-day's game with ease, but
lost through reckless playing. It was an
exciting contest, and took twelve innings
to decide it. The feature of the game
was the batting and fielding of Truck
Egan. Score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
H. Krug, p 8 2 4 0 2 6 2
Monahan, 3b 8 1 0 1 0 2 1
Murphy. 1 b 7 0 4 0 14 0 1
K. Krug. s. s 6 0 0 0 1 2 1
Hearty, 1. f 7 110 2 0 0
Duni'vy. Payne, c. f 7 1 2 0 3 0 1
Hammond, c 7 2 1 1 S 0 0
Eagan. 2 b 6 4 3 13 3 1
Stroecker, r. t 5 110 3 0 0
Totals 61 12 15 3 S6 13 7
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hanley, 1. t 6 2 2 0 0 0 0
Hanlon. 1 b 4 2 1 0 17 0 0
McGucken, o. t 6 1 1 1 2 0 0
G. Foley, r. f 8 1 i 0 2 0 1
McCarthy, s. s 6 110 19 1
Kent, c 6 110 6 10
Greeninger. 2b... 6 1 0 0 8 3 8
F. Foley. 3 b 6 0 10 2 2 3
Zberg. p 6 2 1 1 j) _1 1
Totals 62 11 10 3 3S 1« 8
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco.O 0220850100 I—l 3
San Jose 0 0422200100 o—ll
One man out when winning run scored.
Eagan hit by batted ball.
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— San Jose 2. San Frajicisco 8.
First base on balls— San Jose 2. San Francisco
4. Struck out— By Iberg 5, by Krug 7. Left
on bases— San Jose 8. San Francisco 12. Two
base hits— H. Krug 1 , Eagan. Three-base hits—
G. Foley. Iberg. Sanrlflce hits— McGucken. H.
Krug. Wild plteh-Ibers. Passed ball— Kent.
Umpire — G. Lander3.
A Good Game at Stockton.
STOCKTON, May 22.— The second Pa
cific Amateur League game, at Goodwater
Grove, attracted a big crowd this after
noon. The White House club of San
Francisco put up a splendid game. The
Athletics had things their own way to
the seventh inning, when their luck
turned, and the White House team got
six men over the plate, and scoring hve
runs during the remaining two innings.
Score by Innings:
White House 0 0 2 0 0 0 6 2 3—13
Athletics 0 0 0 0 3 2 1 1 2—9
Doyle Used His Fists.
SACRAMENTO. May 22. — The Gilt i
Edges wan from Santa Cruz in the best
game of the season to-day by a score of j
2 to 1. The feature of the game was the j
magnificent work of Harvey in the first
inning, who, with the bases full of Santa j
Cruz men and nobody out, settled down
and struck out the next three up.
A disgraceful scene was enacted in
the second inning, when Doyle, who was
caught off third base by Deveraux,
slugged the latter in the face. For a few
minutes a riot was imminent, but order
was finally restored. Score:
R. H. E.
Gilt Edges 2 6 2
Santa Cruz 1 I *
Batteries— Harvey and Stanley; Ed Dauben
biss and Charles Daubenhiss. Umpire— Griffin.
Minor Games
The Young Bushnell Alerts defeated the
Golden Gate Stars by a score of 7 to 4.
Winners would like to hear from other
teams under 16 years of age.
The St. Ignatius Midgets defeated the ]
San Francisco Stars by a score of 21 to 1. j
The feature of the game was the pitch- i
ing of McQuaid, who struck out ten men. I
x ;ip National Stars would like to hear j
from any team in the State. Address
challenges to John Lyons, 350 Harriet
street.
RESULTS OF SUNDAY
LEAGUE GAMES.
Louisville Twice Defeats Brooklyn
and Cincinnati Hands Pitts
burg a Croose Egg.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
dub— W. L. Pet. Club— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..19 8 .760 Plttsburg- ...13 15 ,464
ci, ..land ...IS 8 .6V2 Philadelphia 10 12 .4."6
Boston ....17 10 .630 Brooklyn ... 9 13 AW
Baltimore ..13 -8 -Cl 9 Ixmisville ... 9 I! 1 .321
New Y0rk. ..15 10 .600 St. Louis.... S 17 .320
Chicago 13 12 .520 Washing-ton. 6 19 .240
LOUISVILLE, Ky.,May 22.— Two games
i were played to-day. Louisville winning
j both. Frazer pitched gilt-edged ball and j
I held the Trolley-dodgers down to one hit, ;
! and that was made in the ninth inning. ;
The home team won the second game in j
; the first inning. Ehret was very effect- j
! ive. Attendance 4500. Score, first game:
R. H. E.
1 Louisville 3 6 2|
Brooklyn •• -° 1 }
Batteries— Frazer and Snyder: Dunn and
! Grim. Umpires— and Heydler.
Score, second game:
i . - H- E.
Louisville I 11 2 I
I Brooklyn •• 2 8 _• <
Batteries— Ehret and Wilson: Yeagrer and E.
I Smith. Umpires— Cushman. and Heydler.
CINCINNATI. May To-day's game
was a pitchers' battle, in which Hawley
was given the better support. Pink
1 pitched a perfect game. Attendance 6500.
■ &COre: R. H. E.
: Cincinnati 2 6 0
! Pittsburg ••• ° -*■ *
Batteries— Hawley and Peltz; Rhines and j
I Schriver. Umpires— O'Day and McDonald.
ST. LOUIS, May 22.— Fully 10,000 persons j
: witnessed to-day's game. It was the first j
' time that the New York' team: has .offi-
c iated in a Sunday championship game.
S Daniels gave the Giants a lead in the
first inning. Score: ■_,
, R. 11. E.
! New York • 10 13 3
i St. Louis 5 12 5
Batteries— Rusie and Warner; Daniels. Tay- ;
! lor, Gilpatric-k and Sugden. Umpires— Swart-
I wood and Wood. /^»
CHICAGO. May 22.— The Orpins start- :
ed after Mercer early to-day . and batted j
him freely in all but two innings. Dahlen !
and Lang did too much questioning ; and
were put out of the game. Isbell and j
Thornton replaced them. Attendance !
7&00. Score:
R. H. E. '
Chicago 10 14 3|
Washington .....:........"....'... 3 7 6
— Cnllahan and Donahue; Mercer,
Donavan and ' McGulre. Umpire— Connolly.
: " . ■ .
FUNERAL OF MRS. M. M. GRAY.
Largely Attended by Hundreds of ;
Her Former Friends
Yesterday.
OAKLAND, May 22.— The funeral of the
Ute Mrs. M. M. Gray, wife of the late
Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D., toon place this
afternoon and was largely attended. The
first services were held at the deceased's
late residence on Brush street at 1:30 p.
m. At 2 o'clock the remains were re
moved to the First Baptist Church, whjch
was thronged with friends.
Rev. C. H. Hobart, pastor of the church,
officiated. On the platform with him
and assisting in Whe ceremonies were
President Brownson of California College,
Rev. James Sunderland of the American
Baptist Missionary Union, Rev. Jenkins |
of the Hamilton Square BaDtist Church |
of San Francisco and Rev. C. M. Hill of j
the Tenth Avenue Baptist Church. The
pall-bearers were Deacons H. Garthwait.
J T. Latimer, L. M. Babcock, J. H.
Stevens, J. C. Caldwell nr.c J. R. Brad
way, M. D.. of the First Church, while
the" casket was borne by Messrs. J. G.
Hoyt, H. E. Lake, N. Douglass, W. S.
Hills, O. A. Lane and J. L. Lyon. In
terment took place at Mountain View
Cemetery,
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 23, 1898.
NATIONAL
GUARDSMEN
Preparing for Reorgani
zation of Commands.
ONE PLAN IS SUGGESTED.
BETIBED OTFICEBS TO BE DE
TAILED FOB ACTIVE DUTY.
Many Who Want to JTorm New Com
panies — Grievance of the Sig
nal Corps — Naval Militia
Anxious for Duty.
How to reorganize the depleted regi
ments of the National Guard of Califor
nia is what is occupying the attention at
this time of the superior officers. All of
those members of the guard who volun
teered and were accepted did so with the
implied understanding at least that when
they returned from the war they would
be restored to their several ranks and
companies. How to reorganize the sev
eral commands and at the same time
make room for those who shall return is
what is being debated at this time.
One plan that has been suggested is
that officers on the retired list shall fill
all vacancies in field, staff and line, and
that companies b© recruited to the mini
mum .namely fifty, and when the officers
return from the war they be commis
sioned anew, return to their commands
and be as they were before enlistment.
It is believed that by placing the limit of
companies at fifty every man who was
in the ranks at the time of enlistment
in the volunteer service will have an op
portunity to return to his company. It
baa also been suggested that while ab
sent in defense of flag and country time
should count for the National Guards
men as time served in the guard.
DIVISION HEADQUARTERS.
Major-General Dickinson has estab
lished headquarters in two rooms on the
third floor of the Mills building, and for
some time past Colonel Cluff, adjutant on
the division staff; Lieutenant-Colonel
Barer©, inspector of rifle practice; Lieu
tenant-Colonel Dwyer, judge-advocate;
Lieutenant-Colonel Emeric, paymaster;
Lieutenant-Colonel Stanley, Quartermas
ter, and Major tkhmitt have been on duty
there daily, the latter continuously from
9 a m. until 4 p. m., performing such
duties as the exigencies of the time call
°Within the past ten days there have
been received about 400 personal applica
tions from citizens from ail parts of the
State who desire to join the Guard on
reorganization. Others offer to reorgan
ize companies. Miles J. Bolger wants to
recruit Company B of the First Infantry;
H L Burleson wants to recruit Company
L of the same regiment; Dr. Charles L.
Bolson would like to recruit Companies
A and B of the Sixth Infantry; c. H.
Chvnowith wants to reorganize Company
E "of the Seventh Infantry and have its
location transferred from Santa Paula to
Anaheim; Colonel Alfred D. Cutler, on
the retired list, commander of the c . orp ?
of Veterans of the National Guard of
California, wants to reorganize the tirst
Regiment of Infantry; E. G. Dwyer an
nounces that he is ready to organize a
company of fifty men at Palo Alto; F. A.
Earle is anxious to be granted permis
sion to organize a company with eighty
men at Paso Robles; Captain W. feulli
van would like to organize a company
with fifty men; E. J. Sheehan has of
fered to reorganize Company A or the
First Infantry and enroll fifty men, ana
Frank R. Handley announces that he is
ready to organize a company to be com
posed exclusively of Sons of Veterans,
an organization with which he is prom
inently connected. All these offers
have been filed for consideration when the
plan of reorganization of the Guard shall
have been agreed upon.
Taking advantage of the lessons that
have been taught by the recent muster
ing in of the members of the National
Guard into the service of the United
States, it is probable that in the future
all applicants fur admission into the
Guard will have to undergo a physical
examination similar to that which the
Guardsmen were subjected to just be
fore muster. This will be for the pur
pose of having men in case of a second
call for volunteers who will come up to
the standard required by the United
States army regulations. The probabili
ties are that in future applicants will not
be received 1 into a company because they
are good fellows, but because they aro
the proper material for good soldiers.
On Saturday there were at headquarters
thousands of books and periodicals con
tributed by citizens in response to the
call for literature for the California vol
unteers. The response was exceedingly
liberal, so there will be no lack of read
ing matter for the men to while away the
hours of leisure while on the long trip
to the Philippines.
FOR ESCORT DUTY.
During the week orders will be Issued
from the headquarters of the Second
Brigade to what remains of the Guard
intact in the brigade, to perform escort
duty on Memorial Day. Troop A will
be detailed for such duty with the vari
ous posts of the Grand Army of the Re
public as shall visit the graves of veterans
whose remains are at rest in the ceme
teries outside of the national one at the
Presidio; the signal corps will do escort
duty for George H. Thomas Post, G. A.
R., that will go to the national cemetery
to decorate the graves of soldiers there,
while the companies of the Fifth Regi
ment will be ordered to parade in the
places in which they are located. The
cadet corps connected with the Second
Brigade will probably be ordered out for
escort duty.
At brigade headquarters returns are be
ing received from the various company
commanders whose commands have been
taken into the volunteer service, as to
the number and names of the men mus
tered and company property turned over
to the United States. The reports have
not come in very rapidly and for that rea
son cannot be transmitted to division
headquarters. This delay will interfere
with the rapid reorganization of the
Guard.
'THE SIGNAL CORPS.
That the Signal Corps of the Second
Brigade has not been called Into service
I has greatly disheartened many of the
; members, who, in view of the fact that
the excellence of their ability to perform
j the duties of signal men has been com
i monted upon by officers of the regular
' army in official reports to the War De
partment, were under the impression that
j competent men would be taken for a
■ service that requires a long time and
; much practice to become familiar with.
One member of the corps, expressing
I the sentiment of the majority, said a day
ior two since: "I am getting tired of
being a member of an organization that
■ is turned down when it might be of ser
vice, and is retained as part of the Na
i tional Guard to put on full dress uni
■ forms and do escort duty only. That men
j who are proficient, in the duties we have
been instructed in should be selected
instead of selecting men from the ranks
is clearly pointed out by Chief Signal
Officer General Greely in his report last
October to the Secretary of War. In
that report lie said:
Instruction in military eipnnling under army
regulations rosults most unsatisfactorily, as
has been the case for the past twelve years.
Many refsiments have no officer or man pro
ficient and the deficiencies in the army as a
whole amount to 59 per cent for officers and
D 2 per cent for enlisted men. With the ap
proval ot the commanding general and the
Secretary of War, the experiment of detail
ing signal detachments haa been tried with
marked success in the Department of Colo
rado, where about fifty officers and two hun
dred and fifty men are relieved by this system
and their time made available for more le
gitimate duties. Recalling that the old sys-
I tern failed in every campaign for the past
i twelve years, viz: the ueronimo in ISSG;
Wounded Knee, 1800: Mexican Border, 1893,
and Chlcagu strike, IS94— the chief signal of
flcr-r recommends the extension of the sys
tem to all departments, both on the grounds
of p'flfiencv and f'sn ,i( f-wn.iim.
"A number of the men who are going to
the Philippines are being drilled in sig
naling, but it is probable that their work
will have to be added to the failures de
scribed by General Greely. In the mean
[ time competent mea are allowed to re
main behind to wear pretty uniforms and
move at the head of processions."
VETERAN NATIONAL, GUARD.
Next Wednesday evening the Associa
tion of Veterans of the National Guard
will hold its annual banquet at the Oc
cidental Hotel. The report of Paymaster
C. P. Lie Breton shows that on the first
OT the month the membership was 273, a
net gain of seven during the year. Forty
three ceased their membership for vari
ous causes. The association has no lia
bilities and has $SS7 on hand. In his in
troduction to his report the paymaster
says "War having been precipitated be
tween our country and Spain, the mili
tary expectations of some of our mem
bers have been gratified and the value
of the National Guard of California been
finally demonstrated."
THE NAVAL MILJTTA.
The willingness of the Naval Militia to
go to the front is equaled only by the ef
forts of Captain L. H. Turner, command
ing the militia, to get in somewhere with
his men. His latest move has been to en
deavor to have the men of his command
sent to Honolulu to man the Bennlngton,
so that the naval officers and men on
board might be sent where their service*
might be of more value.
While waiting for an answer to that
proposition the men are being continually j
drilled on shore and ship so that they
may be as perfect as it is possible for
men to be, with the opportunities they
have in case they are called for duty.
They will be ready to go on board ship
with a comprehensive idea of the duties
they will have to perform in actual ser
'Last Tuesday the men on the Marion
were instructed in the mess drill, and on
Thursday they were drilled ashore m n
fantry tactics. This week they will be in
structed in the fire drill.
Ten men and two officers still keep
watch on the Marion as it is the intention
of the captain to prevent any one from
approaching the vessel unless authorized
tO On°Memo e rial day the two divisions will
parade. .
Alameda Cars on Franklin Street.
OAKLAND May 22.— The cars of the
Alampda electric line began running up
Franklin street to-day to Thirteenth,
thence to Clay. This is in place of run
ning from Water street to Seventh and
Broadway, as before, that line being now
abandoned. The passengers for the West
p n(i nf Alameda are now transferred to
and from the 6 West Oakland, Berkeley
and Piedmont cars at Thirteenth and
Washington streets.
Reliance Boxing Events <
OAKLAND, May 22.— The Reliance Club
will give another boxing night on Friday
evening There will be three preliminaries
and two eiirht-round contests for a de-
Sn The principals will be Tony Wlll
inrr.q R A C vs. William Murnane, ii.
F. A." (?; weight 115 pounds; Hugh Dough
ertv of St Paul vs. Frank Schuler of the
SF AC weight 130 pounds. On the
preceding evening there will be a ladies'
night.
The Week's Amusements. «
OAKLAND, May 22.— Frank Lindon
comes to the Oakland Theater to-morroy
in his romantic drama "I he Prisoner of
Algiers " May Nannery will be with him,
and they remain two weeks.
Homer E. Guilbault will present the
comedy drama entitled "Hickory Farm
at Chapman's Hall on Friday night. The
cast includes a number of prominent local
a The e graduating class of the High School
will give their concert in the Unitarian
Church Tuesday evening for the Sill me
morial fountain fund, borne of the best
•talent in the city has been secured.
Mrs Florence Jenkins-Teast will give a
piano recital in the Eighth Avenue M. E.
Church Thursday evening. She will be
assisted by the Daffodil Trio Club Mis- a
Bertha Williams, soprano; Miss Mabel
Walker, contralto, and Miss Gertrude
Hibberd, violinist.
Ysaye in Oakland.
OAKLAND, May 22.— Every one la now
talking about Ysaye, whose appearance
here in the Macdonough Theater on the
evening of Thursday, May 26, is antici
pated with eager interest by the critics,
the artists and musical public generally.
The celebrated Belgian violinist has for a
long time been a lion abroad. In Russia,
at a grand festival in honor of Liszt, he
appeared before the Russian Imperial
Society under the direction of Rubinstein,
who said he saw in him "a master of
masters."
Honors for a Servian.
BERKELEY, May 22.— Among the 3f>o
graduates from the State university this
year was a native of Servia. Spiro Sar
gentich, who when he entered college
four years a«o had been but a short time
! in this country and was but partially ac
quainted with the English language. In
I spite of this handicap, however, he grad
uated with honor, receiving the degree of
bachelor of philosophy and a captains
commission in the cadet battalion. Sar
gentich, during the past year, in addi
tion to his studies at Berkeley, has been
a student in the Toland Medical College,
from which he hopes to graduates with
the degree of doctor of medicine in 19(u.
Sargentich is thoroughly acquainted with
j the history and institutions of his native
I land, and has on various occasions lft
i tured before classes of graduate students
i at the university on Servia from economic
j and political standpoints.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flg:
uree at station indicate m!n:mum temperature
for the days; those underneath It, If any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in inches
and hundredths during the last twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, ur dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on thP Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
alnns the coast, and the isobars extend north
and enuth along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
market? curvature, rain pouth of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "hijth" In the vicinity of
Idaho, ami the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result. _
WEATHER REPORT.
(I2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 22, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are n>
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations in
California:
Eureka 56; Sacramento. fifi; Pan Luis Oblepo,
64; Los Angeles, 70; San Diego. 66; Red Bluff,
66; San Francisco, 56; Fresno, 68; Independence,
78: Yuma, 100.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
56; minimum, 49; mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECASTS.
Tie pressure has risen rapidly during the past
twenty-four hours over the northern half of the
Pacific Slope. It has fallen over Utah, Arizona
and the Rocky Mountain region.
The temperature has fallen over Central Cali
fornia. Nevada and Southern Idaho. The
temperatures in the great valleys of California
are from 12 to IS degrees below the normal.
The following maximum wind velocities aro
reported: Tatoosh Island, 2* miles per hour
from the southwest; Fort Canby, 86, southeast;
Portland, 26, southeast; Winnemucca, 28, west;
Carson City, 44, southwest.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 28. 1898:
Northern California— Fair Monday, with fog
in the morning on the coast; warmer In the
interior; fresh northwesterly wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; wanner In
northern portion ;norther)y wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Monday; warmer.
Utah— Cloudy Monday; colder.
Arizona— Cloudy Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday,
with fog in the morning; warmer; fresh north
westerly wind.
Mount TamalpaJs— Clear; wind northwest, 38
miles; temperature, 46; maximum temperature,
50. ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
THE CAXiIi CALENDAR.
Moon's Phases.
| 4
11
13
7
U
©Full Moon.
May 5.
15
25
28
21
23
U. May 11 :
/ jrs New Moon, 1
W May 20. .
-v* First Quareir
3 May 28.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United Statea Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants" Exchange, la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete seta of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes befora
noon, and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar*
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any, Is
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers and by the morning papers the following
day. J. t. mcmillan.
Assistant In Charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .--^J
NOTE.—The high and low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes . later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is th« same at both places.
MA Y- 139a. ■■ - ~~
""": . Monday, May 23.
Sunrises .... ........ *:«1
Sun sets .........7:20
Moon Bets 10:09 p. m
! T™? I Feet|£™2 i Feet i 1 * 1
IL Wi 'HWI L W!
H Wi
7:17
H TV
0:29
1:04
1:50
2:51
6.1
4.0
4/,
4 1
2:63
l W
7:54
8:32
9:l*
9:57
! «:45
H W
3:86
4:14
4:4*
6:21
* I
tl
i 6
4.7
L W
7:40
8:44
'J:M
I 11:08
- "
5.5
3.5
8.3
3.1
I
NOTE —In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
thro© tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coßst Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—) precedes the height,
and then the number given in subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMEKS TO AUKIVBJ.
Steamer.
no»
«r Jebsen. ..
ilandla
zaba
um0ia. ......
ita Ro3a
cklnaw
lator
I
iebia.. .
Portland ...
Victoria & Pujret Sound . .
Newport;.... .............
Yaquma Bay
Huniboldt
Nanaimo •-•• ......
Honolulu
Huiuooldt
Portland
PanDieco..
Tacoma '
Pug's t Sound
Portland
A1a5ka. .:...... ,
Victoria & Pujret Sound . .
Newport
Coos 8ar..... ;......
Poruana
China ana Japan
I Eel River......... ...
j San Diego ......
I Crescent CUT
Panama ....._ ....
bumooiat
23
23
21
23
21
21
tl
25
M
25
25
•25
25
27
27
•r.
23
•28
38
• og
•29
•39
■3J
lton. .....
rgan City. .-
HaWaUa....
>s Bay
;ata ....... -
te or Cat...
na.
tlkat-
nona
wcent City.,
i 8ia5........
rtn Pore...
BTEAUERB TO SAIL
L rcata Coos 8av...... May 23. 10 am Pier U ■
'omona...- San Dtesro.... May 23. 11 am Pier 11
ihlikat.... Humboldt May 23. 2 pm Pier 13
rortaFork | Humboldt ... May 24. 9am Pier 2
>resron .... Portland May 24. 10 am Pier 12
lomer. .. Newport..... Mar 25. :t am Pier 11
'illainook. Alaska Mar 25 ........
Ity Puebla | Vie & Part Sna | May 28. 10 a m Pier 9
'niton Oregon Ports. i May 26, BAM
(rizaba.. .. HumtwMi.... I May 2«. am ! Pier S
:olumbla.. Portlana .May 27. 10 am Pier 12
ania Hosa San Diesro .... May 27. 11 AM Pier 11
010n....... Panama May 28. 12 M PM S3
» ric China&Japan May 23. 1 pm PM SS
•rceDollar Alaska ... May 28, ...... | . ...
.lllance.... Pugct Sound. May 28. I ....
003 tmv.. Newport May 2H. 9am Pier 11
tateofCal PorUand May 30. 10 am i Pier 1 :
SHIPPHiG IKTELLIGESCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. May 22.
Btmr Starbuck, Blackman, 21 aays from Pa
nama, via Acapulco 13 days.
Btmr Arcata, Reed. 56 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Colon. Mackinnon, 22 daya 12 hours from
Panama and way ports.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson, 29 hours from Eu
r6 Aus stmr Burma, Mlllruliclch, 102 hours from
Nanatmo.
Bary Lev! G Burgess, Youngren, IS days from
Stmr Coaulll* River, Thompson. 16 hours
from Fort Brass, bound to Newport; put in to
land passengers.
Sohr La Chllena, Matsen. » hours from Fort
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Mobs
s"hr Nettie Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
SAILED.
Sunday, May 22.
TJ S stmr Charleston. Glass. Manila.
Bch Inca, Slrkholm. St Michael.
Btmr Coquille River. Thompson, Newport.
Schr Martha W Tuft, Johnson, La Paz.
Schr Chas E Falk. Anderson.
RETURNED.
Sunday, May 22.
Schr Martha W Tuft, hence to-day for La
Paz returned on account of splitting her fore
sail off the heads.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 22. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed in May 22— Schr William
Renttot, from Newport for Puget Sound; out—
shin Lucile from Seattle for San Francisco.
Passed in May 22— Br stmr Wellington, hence
Mfiv 19, for Nanaimo.
Passed out May 22— Stmr Mackinaw, from
Tacoma, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE-Sailed May 22-Stmr Farallon, for
Dvea; ship Lucile. for San Francisco: schr
Sailor Boy. for Newport; ship Henry Mllard,
f: vINTURA-Arrived May 22-Stmr George
Loomis, hence May 21, and sailed for San
F REDONDO— Sailed May 22-Stmr Grace Dol
la ASTORIA— Arrived May 22— Br ship Socotra,
hence May 4; stmr Alliance, hence May 19.
Sailed May 2:-Ptmr Fulton.
MISCELLANEOUS.
FORT BRAGG, May 22— Whistling 1 buoy has
broken loose and Is drifting south.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LONDON— Sailed May 22— Stmr Missouri, for
F HAVRE n - ! Arrived May 22— Stmr La Touralne.
— Sailed May 22— Stmr Lu
canla, from Liverpool, for New York.
>^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispeiisary,
Aa*b*J^ 625 KEAKBfY MT. Established
fflp!|P^B^lnlBs4forthetreiU!iientof I'rlvato '•
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<>i£s HGARNT ST. Established
In 1554 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
BiSS?^^^ disease v;earingonbo«lyand mind and
. bSvfS'^aiLS Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
;J®^ga^ others fall. Try him. Charges low
' \pSS&?-*-{rtt Cni'eocnariinK'rtl. Callorwrite.
| i»r. J. *'. «>tlt toy. Itc.^ I»s7.San Frar.ctecK?.
\ OCEAN TRAVEL.
Compagnie 'Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), -42 : North
River foot of Morton st. Travelers "I^XCXfr
by this ¥ line > avoid ■ both s transit .; by ■ l ■ ■"" '"
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in ' a small boat. New Tork_to
Alexandria, Egypt, via : Paris, first-class. *16o;
Becoid-class, : 116. ; . • ... ' '-■"„ ",. :
LA NAVAKRE — May 2S, 10 a. m.
LA 80URG0GNE....;..........J«ns 4, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE ............ ...June 11, 10 a. m.
LA OASCOGNE .June 1> 10 a. m.
LA BBBTAGNB Jun« 2<J ' 10 a - m -
COMPAGNIE PR GENE IRALEPl RALE P 'TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent, "
.. No. 3:Bowllnr Green, New York.
'; J. J F. JTJGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avo., : Francisco •• -.
V^s^** *" f
\^ -■■ ■■"• ■-■ -■■ • '■'- - ■:.■ ' ■ •' ' ■•■-'• ■'-'-'■ ' ..-'-•-:-• ;—; —
BELL CO., AUCTIONEERS,
. Office, 1020 Market street.
GRAND AUCTION SALE
-OF— -
Magnificent
Upright Piano, Modern Furniture
and Carpets,
M0NDAY.... .................... ......May 23, 1838
At 11 o'clock sharp on the premises,
1125 GEARY ST., BET. VAN NESS AND FRANKLIN.
BELL & CO., Auctioneers, will sell: a fine
Upright Piano and all the modern-style Furni-
ture • and ' Carpets of an eight-room ; flat, con-
sisting of i parlor, bedroom, . dining-room and
kltc^isn *
Extras— curtains, oriental . vases, ' Corean
portieres, painting*, . engravings, secretary and
bookcase combined, hair mattresses, feather
pillows, blankets, sheets, folding beds, crock-
ery and' glassware, etc. ■
OCEAN TaAT£L. :
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
|L^ . Steamers leave Broadway
nTSlli.iii wharf. San ' Francisco.
'! kSkSSS*., For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
1 taMFT^teffih May 1. 6, 11, 16, 21, 2G. 31. June
i«jBK«ra 5, transfer at Seattle.
I HPJsTB vßi| For Alaskan ports (from
I fiSDC^aSnl Folsom-6treec wharf). 10 a. m.,
I i^^Pm«l May 18, June '■■■■ 26. July 17.
August 4, 25. transfer at Port-
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Towns-
end BeatUe . Tacoma. ■ Everett. ' Anacorte. and
-d" ev^y^h l^
thereof connecting at Rattle with^thta com-
nanv's steamers tor Alaska and O. •>■ "»•• <"
TaeomawlSfN. P. R*. «t Vancouver with
Cl r !: (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
May 2 8 M. ». % June 1. and every slxtft
d or th | r a e nt a Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
&ran 99 d a ev^ y g£ &I& g&
fofd°Ma a n E^Tb^St^-^^^
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), NT a. m.. May 13.
June 10. and M of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain folder. _
I Th* company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
"TIOKKT ' OFFICER New . Montgomery
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAM-ERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC «12 First Class Including Berth
rrttlL $8 Sscond Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
or - 70n May 6, 15, 24
CoTumb'la May 9. 18. J7
Btiu ot California. .-May 12. 21. 80
St Paul $18 00] St. Louis ?S2 00
Kansas City 2C 00; Chicago 27 50
Omaha 26 00 New York 8100
E C WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents^
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British Flags.
Southwark May 25 \ Westemland June 1
•Chester May 23 Kensington June S
PHILADELPHIA. QUEENSTOWN, LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers sail under Belgr'an Fla«.
Pennland May 2l|Waesland June 4
empirilTline.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers formerly employed in trans-AtlantJo
services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for this service.
S S. Ohio, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 15.
S S Indiana. 3f,00 tons, from Seattle, June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvania. 3500 tons, from Seattle.
June 29.
Connecting with the company's own fleet of
IS new and modern steamers and barges on the
Yukon River, through to Dawson City and
intermediate points.
For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
J^rwfs»KMl£' or Ho:l0ll ' lv canceled.
if<ra£'ffa '—^' :The s - s - moana
©USB flans Z0 pails via Honolulu Ist
iVn»l«'° r Honolulu canceled.
y™ The S. S. MOAN A
/^./l* > sails via Honolulu and
Jslp3mMilfk J Auckland for Sydney
*Sis&f^G^l '"r' Wednesday, Juno 15,
(pj!]pclß^ at2 P' m -
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday for
Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage— City of Rome, $60;
other steamers, $50.
Second Cabin— Rome, *42 50; Furressia, $37 50;
other steamers. $35. _
Steerage ' Passage— Rome, $25 50; Furnessla,
?24 50; other steamers, $23 50.
For Book of Tours and information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS, General Agents. 7
Bowling Oreen, New York: or J. 3 FTTQAZI,
E Montgomery St.; or L. F. COCKROFT, 114
Montgomery St.; or R. R. RITCHIE, 2 New
Montgomery st., San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thun*. and - Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 r>. m. (8:30 p. m. ex.Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ■..:..... 10:30 a. m..' and 8 p. m.
Landing and Of flees— Mission Dock. Pier 3.
Telephone. Red 2241.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
flioamwuujJ^^nSll 1 CALIFORNIA
tfesYyllf s& £H Hits ' *«I-"li 1 El/«
i^T->JWff%i SAN FRANCISCO
lIBPBU^S™ 1 *™ B^^^^*! CHiCAGQ.
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN |
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
Leave San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries ftrrt-class passengers only, . but witii-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
■'.;-i BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
-Pullman Palace Drawing Room Sleepers. C'.j
days to Chicago, 4% days to New York.
Trains arrive and depart from ; Market-street i
Ferry. San Francisco - ticket office, 644 Market:
street. Chronicle building, r Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland' office, 1118 Broadway. ,-. Sacramento
office, 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West Santa
Clara street-
[HE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUi!) 1
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. \
From ': September • 10, 1597, trains '. will run as
follows:
South- bound. -.^ North-bo. 'id. .
Passen- Mixed v : | Mixed Passen- :
ger Sunday "' Eta-." Sunday .= ser
Daily.- j Excep'd. '' tlons. Excep'd. "Daily.'.'
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:40 p m
: 9:10 am 12:50 pm Merced ? 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm -Fresno-. 9:30 am 2:20 pm i
11:40 am 5:20 pm Hanford 9:45 am 1:15 pm
12:15 m 6:45 p m r~, Vlsalla » 6:40 a m 12 :40 p m
,'X Stopping lat intermediate - points when re- .
quired. ,- v-.a ..'..■:•-■-..■■ .C".; -,-^: : ' •' "'■."., > ' ' ■-
> Connections— At : Stockton I with steamboats of
C. ,» ; N. «& v L ;. Co.. ■ leaving >; San " : Francisco and
I Stockton :; at 6> p. m. ■ . daily; ■;; at i Marced : with
I Btages to and from Snelllng3, ; Coulterville, Yo- .
Semite, . etc.; also r with . stage for Hornltos, :
I ' Mariposa, etc. ; at Lankersfaim with stage to i
t and from Madera. ■>;•-■. ■■•;• -- v I
AUCTION SALE
— op —
RESTAURANT.
BAKERY. STOCK. FIXTURES, CASH REG-
ISTER, IRON SAFE. RANGES, OVENS,
SHOWCASES, ETC.. ETC..
AT 109 THIRD ST., ON
MONDAY, MAY 23. AT 3 P. M.
For information apply to D. A. CURTIN,
assignee of Q. Delflno & Co., Insolvent debtora,
room 24, third floor, Mills building.
• SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
527 SIXTH STREET.
WEDNESDAY May 25, 1898
At 11 o'clock.
By onler of Mayor Phelan we will sell 4 Hose
Carriages, 2 Hose Carts and a lot of Homes
belonging to the San Francisco Fire Depart-
ment. SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Live Stock Auctioneers.
BAHiBOAD TBAVEL.
■ SOirUI.K> FAtlllt COSPiiIT.
(PAOiriO BTSTEM.)
frnliK l«nv« i»ii«l »re due to urrlve at
NAN FKANCINCO.
■ (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From April 38. 1898. — AMtin
•sloOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... *»:43a
7:©<>A.Kenicia, Baiaan »nd Sacramento.... 10:45 a
7:OOa Murysville. Oruvilleand Redding Tia
Woodland 8145p
7:OOAVacaTJlleaudßurosey..... 8:43p
7:30 a Martinez, San ßacnon, Vallejo, Napa,
. ' Caliatoga aud Santa Rosa BjlSr
S:OOa Atlantic Kipreas, Ogtlen and Kast.. Bi43p
, i»i»«a Klles, San- Joge. «u)ckU)u, lone,
Sacramento, Marys? v .lle, Chioo,
Tehama and Red JJIuC 4»15p
•SiSOa P-t-rs. Milton, Oakdals (Jamestown
for Yosemite) »7il»p
9:00 a New Orleans Kiprera. Meroed, Krea-
no, BakerslWld, SanU liarl»tra,
'..on Anufle*. UemiiiK, Xi Paso,
New Orleans and East 6t4Sp
IO:OOa Vallejo, Mirtinaz and Way Station* 7:45p
•l:OOp Sacramento Hiver Steamers »»»«0p
l:OOp NBsa San Jose and Way Station*.. »«t4SA.
....;.. San Jose, Nlles and Way Stations... J»:lsa
•i:OOp U?ermore, Mendota, Uanford and
VisaUa.... 4«18p
....... LiTorinore, San Jose, Nile* »nd Way
Buttons JIO«15a
Fresno, Merced, Martinez, Vallejo.. 18:15p
4:OOf Martinez, Han Itatiiou, Vallejo.
, • Napa, Oal!stt>t:a, Kl. Verauo aud
' 5auta1t05a.... .................... BilBa
4i6or Benicia, VacaviUe, Woodland,
Kuigbta Landing, Ma^ysTill^ Uro-
' '" Tllle aud Hacr.tuiento ............ I*>:4Ba
4:SOr Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. ?sl(r
4<Sop Stookton, Oakdala. Merced. 12:15*
4:30p Castle and Lodi l*sl»F
<:3op Latiir Modesto, Merced, Berenda
. (Raymond tor Yosemlte), Fresno,
Mojare, SanU Barbara and Los
AiiKflrs...... 7I4SA
4iSOp Siiita Fti Route, Atlautlo Express
forMojave and East.... , 6i4Bf
«:oOp European Mail, <)|{den and Kast.... 9i4Ha
•«:OOi- Vallejo 1*:I8P
6iWOf llsiyn-ardii, Nilt-ssnd Ban J05e...;.. 7:4»A
Vallejo, Port Coita and Way Sta-
t ions ......:.. t»»4Sj>
. 8:00p Oregon Kxpress, Sacramento, Maryi.
: ■--■■;■' -, ville. UmliliiiK, r.utliiiiil, ruge»
... .Sound and Kaat »ll»A
' MAN J,KASIHU7 AM) 11AVWAUUS LOCAL.
■-■•--. (r^ot of Market Street.)
~~T ~~~~ / 7»isa
8:OOa Melrose, Seminary Park, r 12 A
iS'oSa Fltc!ibdi», Elmhnnt, iiUat
il 1:OOa San Leandro, South Saa 1 ? 1' p
:i2:oo M Le E.t«dlllo, {!!«'
<8s«Of I Lorenio, Cherry • ** :4 2 r
4:00" ■:■-■. ••> (3:4Sp
3:00p •■<» «=l3r
3:30p HajYTards. J»«r
7ioop - 8«4»p
8:00p i Runs through to Nile*. la'ill
tti »:OO^ t Kro m Nile.. >[,s£&
'• COAST IHYISION (Narrow Gange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Santo Cruz Excursion, Santa Cm
■ %cd Principal Way Stations,. j*»i#>#Jr
■ 8:15 a Newark, Centerrille, San Joae,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way '
Stations •*»•»
•2:10p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
■. Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations........ •I©:s#>a
4sl»p San Jose, Glenwood & Way Station* 8:»Oa
o4i!3p Boulder Creek and Santo 0rnz...... J»:««A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
?romSiN riUSiISC'J— Ftot of Karktt Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 ■-'■'.) :00a.M. J 1:53 *2:00 $3:03
■ M:O3 - 45:00 •6:00 p.m.
fromOAKLIND— Foot or Bro»d*«j.— *6:oo 8:00 IC:ooa.h.
tI2:QO . ■•1:00 $2:00 •3:00.41:00 # B:O0r.M.
COAST 111 VISION (It road Gauge).
. (Third aiidTownsend Stj.)
•7:00 a San Juno »nd Way Stations (New
' Alu%deii Wednesday! only) liBov
t?:3OA Sunday Excursion for San : Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grore and
. : » Principal Way Stations J»iBsf
9:00 a Han Jneo, Ties i'inos, Santa Cruz,
Piiuillc liiove, Paso Robles, Hun
" Luis Obispo, Uuadaiupe. Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4«l«r
IW:4Oa San Jose and Way .SUtions *Biooa
11:30 a San Jose ami Way Stations **:33a
■2:4Sr San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
SanU Clara, San Jose, Gllroy, -
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
.Monterey »nd Pacific (irore <Ioi3Ba
•:i:»or gaii Jose and Way Stations.. »0:OOa
«l:I5f San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:48 a
»5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations . 6:3Sa
3:30r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:3 Or
. «::{<»!• San Jose and Way Stations. 7:8 Op
Ml-tsi- Sail Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7»aOp
A tor Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Hutid»ys «xcept«d. . } Sundays only, t Saturdays only
tt Monday. Thursday ami .Saturday nights only.
I S'imli>r« »m! Monday*. • ■' S»*nrdays and Sundays
SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
• RAILWAY CO.
Tibcron Pmrry, F«»t mi Market St.
. o^.. j.:a.N CISCO" TO bAM ILAi-'Aiii-.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 11 :M.
3:80, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:U
and 11:30 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:80. 8:3»,
6:00. 6:20 d. m.
■-■ SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 11:41.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: I:4* 3:la.
6:00, 6:25 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetsen ■ Park
tame schedule as above. ■ . . • .
Leave I Arrlvs
San Francisco. In effect San Francisco.
■ April 23. .
Week I Sun- 3893. Sun- I Wee*
Days. 1 days. Destination^ days. | Days.
7:30 am; 8:00 am Novato, 10:10 ami 8:40 am
8:S0 pmi9:3o am Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 ana
B:lJ pm[s:oo pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm' 6:22 pm
Fulton, I
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsbura;,
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 1.23 pm
7~:30 am| I Hopiand and] 110:26 am
3:30 pm|S:oo am| Ukiah. f 7:35 pm! 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guemeville. I 7:35 pm
S :3C pm I I t:22 pa
7:30 am;S:00 ami Sonoma i 10:40 am, 8:40 am
(and 1
C:10 pm]a:oo pml Glen Ellen, f 6:10 pm' 6:22 pm
7T30 amiS:oo am! Sebastopol. |1O:4U a:n lO:2i am
1:30 pm|s:oo pmj I 7:25 pm: 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; ut Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servitle for Skaggs Springs: at Clo/erdala fop
the Geysers; at Hopiand for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs. KelseyvlUe, New CarHbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport ani Baitlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springsi. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake. Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's. River-
fide. I^lerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullvi'.le, Boonevllle. Crr^s Hot Springs. Men-
dorlro City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st.. Chronicle bldc-
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Vis Saosalito Parry.
From San Francisco, commencing Hay 1, 1898.
W EX DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo. *8:00.
•9:30. 1J:OO a. m.; »I:4S, 3:20. 4:00, 5:15. •8:00.
6:SO p. LO.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:311
P ' " SUNDAYS.
For Mil! Valley and San Rafael— *S:oo, »9:O<J.
•lli:0P, 11:00 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. '1:45, »2:30. H:0«.
6:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p m. dees not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
8 -20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'na.
6:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadpro and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta's.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
■•.•-■( Via ' Sausallto Ferry.) ■ ■ ": " •■ -N.
Leave San Francisco, commencing May ,X. ■
188S: >■ ■■■" '" ' ■ '- : ■ ■■ '■■■""'•- ■' ' '•■' " " "•• : "- :
'Week Days— a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p..m. .
Sundays— B:oo, 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. . d.. I:is anij .
1:30 p. m. ;•-' r - -
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. :. -- mm _-
THOS. COOK i& i SON, Agents, 611 Market i
street, San Francisco. - . : . ; . 7"
910
MAN'S DUTY
TO MANKIND
Baccalaureate Address
at Stanford.
POET PAINTS HIS IDEAL
EDWIN MARKHAM'S ADVICE TO
STUDENTS.
Declares That Each Person Should
Subordinate His Private In
terest to the Public
Good.
Special Pispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May
22. — The baccalaureate oration was de
livered to-day by Edwin Markham of
Oakland, principal of the Tnmp
kins University Observation School,
well known as a poet and contributor
to America's leading magazines. There
was a very large audience, including
ISO young men and women of the grad
uating class. The closest attention was i
given to the address.
After saying that the topic was pecu
liarly appropriate to the time and place
Mr. Markham traced the growth of the
social conscience through biological
and political history from the most an
cient times. He denned the social con
science as the power that led us to
perform our social duties, to give un
selfish allegiance to the 9tate, and to
build up the public safety. Until a
man bows to the mandate of this con- j
science he is not truly a man. It de- |
mands (in the highest expression) that
a man shall subordinate his private in
terest to the public good.
Among other things Mr. Markham
said:
A man born into mere naturehood sym
pathizes only with himself or his imme
diate friends and family. As his heart
enlarges he comes to feel a loneliness with
his tribe, his city, his nation. Finally
the vast oneness of the wholo human
race may break upon his thought, and
then ho becomes a world man, a citizen
of the planet. Ho is now beyond the
petty patriotism of the hour, for he is a
citizen of the world republic. He sees
now that the Interests ana destinies of
the race are one interest and one des
tiny. Such a man does not seek for
special privileges; he will not accept a
life of easo and luxury at the expense of
the comfort and w«ll-being of the peo
ple. He seeks to find his rest and joy
ln the rest and joy of the people. Such
a man is a co-worker with the divine pur
pose in the world; he is a man reborn, a
man of the social conscience.
My friends, true personality is achieved
only in the sacrifice of service. Christ
announced the process in the significant
words. "Except the grain of wheat fail
into the gTound and die it abideth alone."
And except the individual life be sac
rificed for the common good it withers
and wastes away. The life of the indi
vidual is a function of the common life.
If it wouid grow it must fulfill its func- .
tion. Let me say again fhat there is no
true personality except through the con- >
secration of the individual to the service
oil the common good.
The love of service should be the mo
tive of all personal development, the mo
tive of all education and culture; the end
in view in a!! our getting* and gainings.
A man's chief concern should be to make
himself a worthy and faithful servant of
the common life.
The making of one's own personality
the end of all efforts is the chief cause
cf all the anarchy and evil in the insti
tutions and customs of the world. The
man who takes this attitude, even in the
highest terms of culture and religion, be- i
comes a destroyer, for he ma.kw man
kind his prey and the universe his prowl- ;
Ing field. And in destroying others be
destroys himself at last. By cutting him
self oft from the needs and sympathies
of his kind he falls as a severed bough.
Man's true, life is in his warm humanity.
The great souls have always preached
a gospel of unselfish service to the pub
lic good. They have called on men every
where to subordinate the private self to
the public self. And the great souls were
right In tho spirit of this ideal, niv
friends, all the highest and holiest work
of the world has been accomplished. In
this spirit the patriots of all ages have
defended the national honor and built
up the fabric of the public safety. In
this spirit Socrates drank the hemlock
rather than set a bad example to the
youth of Athens. In this spirit St. Pat
rick carried the education of the heart. to
the warring tribes of lerne's isle. In this
spirit Gustavus Adolphus and William of
Orange struggled to build up ami make
secure the rights and liberties of the pen
pie In this spirit Savonarola thundwed
ugainst the iniquities in church and state
and strove to build in Florence his dream
of a Christian Commonwealth. In this
spirit Garibaldi rejected the crown of a
Kingdom to become In that moment the
King of Europe. In this spirit Shelley
spoke for the oppressed in a Ore of social
passion through the pages of •'Queen
Slab " In this spirit Mazzini held on to
his heroic hope through his long, lonely
and stormy apostolate. In this spirit our
beloved Lincoln held the duties of his
public life as sacred as the worship at an
altar. In this spirit Carlyle came crying
that this is a find's world, and that we
must find our work and do it well—Car
lvle. the wisest and the saddest of this
group of titanic men.
These are men of the social conscience
—these are the great souls that have
flung out the cry of liberty among the
nations. _____________
Justice Given Prof. Welcker.
In reporting the proceedings of the board
of regents of the university, it was said
that Professor "Walter" was appointed
emeritus professor of mathematics. It
was Professor W. T. "Welcker who was
bo honored and this action of the regents
Is a very graceful acknowledgment of an
irjustice committed by a former board
many years ago.
In June, JBSI. Professor W. T. Welcker,
then occupying the chair of mathematics,
•was summarily removed, without cause
assigned or charges made, and although
the alumni and students protested vigor
ously, no redress could be obtained. The
only per&on in university circles who pre
served a dignified silence was the victim
himself. He made no sign. But the peo
ple signified their opinion in no uncertain
manner, electing him State. Superintend
ent of Public Instruction at the next gen
eral election, and the professor, "ex-otti
cio," took his seat in the board that had
so arbitrarily dispossessed him of whai
he had reason to believe was a life-long
position. At whose motion this rather
empty honor and tardy reparation was
made, is not known.
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE.
The evening at home by the members
of Britannia I>odge of the Daughters of
St. George on the evening of the lflth inst.
was a very enjoyable affair. The pro
gramme Included: Overture from "Wil
liam Tell," Mrs. H. Williams; "Star
ppaugled Banner," Mrs. G. Muhlner and
chorus; "God Save the Queen" by a full
chorus; re;i«!ir>K by Mrs. J. B. Staples of
a patriotic poem written by Mr. Pope of
the Sons of St. George. During the even
ing considerable sport was created by a
game which wan played by blindfolded
persons, who had to place a queue in
K roper place on the head of a Chinese
gure. Mrs. Goss, who made the closest
attempt, won the first prize, and the
booby prize went to Mrs. Mra<le. Re
freshments were served to im -miters and
their friends. Before the close of the
evening there were eulogistic remarks of
the late William E. Gladstone.
MANCHESTER UNITY.
A movement has been inaugurated to
organize a lodge of the Manchester
■Unity, I. O. O. F., In the Mission District.
At a preliminary meeting held last week
James Hogan was chosen chairman.
Frederick L. Griffiths secretary and T.
W. Goddard treasurer. A meeting will
be held next Wednesday, when the ap
plications of those who desire to become
charter members will be received by
Deputy Organizer J. T. Wild. It is ex
pected that when the lodge, which is to
be. essentially a Mission lodge, is insti
tuted it will have a membership of 100.
POCAHOXTAS COUNCIL, I. O. R. M.
At the meeting of Pocahontas Council,
Degree of Pocabontas, held last week,
four candidates were adopted, the work
being done by the several chiefs in a very
correct and effective manner in the pres
ence of a large number of members and
of visitors from Stockton and Alfarata
Councils. The fancy-dress ball to be
given by Pocahontas Council will be on
the evening ot June 4.
THE DRUIDESSES.
At the meeting of El Dorado Circle No.
12 of the United Ancient Order of Druids
last week the following-named were in
stalled as officers for the ensuing term:
Lilrada Gosch. P. A. D.; John Gosh, A.
D.; Josie Panella, F. B.; Francis Krause,
S. B. ; Mrs. A. Muir. S.; Mrs. E. Wessell,
T.; Dr. J. E. Artigues, C. ; Mrs. Woods,
I. G.; Mr. Ohnedo, O. G.: Miss E. Wes
sell, pianist; Mrs. J. Godeau, Mrs. Ma
rino, Dr. Artlgues, trustees; Mr 6. A.
Thornhill. Mrs. O. Keiden, Mrs. J. Go
deau, auditors; J. Marino and Mrs. Go
deau, supporters to the A. D., and Mibs
Aced and G. Kerrigan, supporters to the
F. B. The entertainment that was given
in Washington-square Hall by this circle
on the 18th inst. was attended by a great
number of people and was very success
ful.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
Grand Directors Phil Princevalle and
Henry Kugelberg paid an official visit to
Alameda Council No. 47 at Livermore
yesterday and the meeting was very en
thusiastic. There were addresses by the
visiting officials and at the close of the
meeting the visitors were entertained by
the council.
■ ♦ «
WILL LOAD AMMUNITION.
The Monterey Preparing for
the Trip to Manila.
The coast defense steamer Monterey
and the sloop-of-war Alert .are to go up
to the Navy Yard early this morning.
The Alert Is just back from a long cruise
in Central American waters and she will
be put out of commission. Her crew will
be transferred to the receiving ship Inde
pendence to await the commission of the
cruiser Philadelphia. Commander Lutge
of the Alert will probably take the Mon
terey to Manila.
F. Beenck and T. de Bleeker, gunner's
mates of the Alert, are anxious to go to
the front. When the sloop-of-war was
at San Diego they sent word to Wash
ington that they would willingly join the
fleet in the Atlantic, and as a good gun
ner's mate is always in demand and these
men were highly recommended by < '.■rn
mander Lutge, the Government at once
accepted their offer. Gunner's Mate de
Bleeker is a San Francisco boy. and he
will not take any shore liberty here, but
with his companion will go Eastiat once
to join one of the blockading squadrons.
With the departure of the Monterey,
Rear Admiral Miller will transfer his
flag to the Albatross and she will in
future be the flagship of the mosquito
fleet. The late Fish Commissioners' boat I
has fine roomy quarters and is fitted with I
electric lights, which is more than the
other vessels of his fleet have.
"Our Soldiers."
Rev. W. C. Gardner, pastor of the West
Side Christian Church, chose for the sub
ject of his address last night: "Our Sol
diers." He said in part:
In the ranks of our volunteer soldiers are to I
be found representatives of almost every pro- I
fession anil of every class of society. The sons
of the capitalist and of the hod-carrier march
side by side. The ignorant cowboy and the uni
versity graduate sit together around the camp
fire and partake of the same common meal of
bacon, beans and hardtack. Like the poison
ous vapors of a deadly pestilence, which creep
Into every part of a stricken city, the' terrors
of war reach the palatial home of wealth as
well as the humble home of poverty.
It cannot be denied that some of our boys
volunteer more for love of adventure and ex
citement than because of their* patriotism,
while with many there Is that deeD abiding
love for their country, which prompts them to
follow the old flag wherever danger may
threaten it, but the majority are prompted by
that highest and purest motive that ever be
fore induced men to go forth to — love
for humanity.
They have heard the cry of the perishing
multitudes In Cuba. The graves of more than
200,000 who have been starved or murdered and
the hundreds of bodies thrown out of the death
pens to be picked by the vultures have appealed
to them.
The wars of the Crusaders were called holy
wars. Bishops, •priests and laity rallied from
every Christian nation and went forth to die
by thousands, that an empty grave might be
captured. Napoleon drenched Europe with the
blood of 60,000,000 men to gratify his unholy
ambition. Twenty-five millions fell In the
Jewish wars, 80,000,000 in the wars under Julius
Cf-eaar, anil 150.000,000 in the wars of the Turks
and Saracens, but in all those wars of ancient
and modern times no man died upon the field
of battle as will fall our boys in blue In the
present war. every one of whom will die for
that love which the Apostle Paul exalts above
every other virtue and which gives Itself for
humanity. —
■ » ■
A BANDITTI REVIVAL.
The Tribuna di Roma prints the story I
of how a single bandltto robbed a party j
of engineers and fix laborers within a
few miles of Siena and escaped with
his booty. On the following day at sun- j
down on the Via Tiberna near Ostia,
only a few miles from Rome, a banditto j
threatened a wealthy countryman with j
a knife and robbed him of his wallet
containing 2000 lire, which had been
drawn that afternoon from the bank at
Ostia. This robber was not so fortu
nate as his Tuscan colleague, however,
for the gendar.aes fired on him, and he
was taken to the hospital fatally
wounded. The robbery near Siena
took place a mile to the north of Gros
seto, in the region that divides the
Tuscan from the Roman frontier, which
was until 1896 the theater of the ex
ploits of the famous brigand Tiburzi
and his band. The seven engineers, led
by Deputy Romano Jacuro, himself an
engineer, and accompanied by six la
borers, were about to begin work on the
n<-\v aqueduct when the banditto, arm
ed with a modern magazine rifle, ap
peared from behind a rock and told the
party to throw their valuables upon the
ground and depart. This they did not
hesitate to do. Then, at the command
of the robber, they retraced their steps,
keeping together as they had been or
dered to do. Among the booty, which,
with watches and money, is valued at
60,000 lire, was the pocketbook of the
deputy, which contained five bank
notes of 100 lire each. The gendarm
erie at Grdsseto was notified, and the
soldiers scattered through the hills to
hunt the banditto down. It is believed
in Rome that he is a member of Ti
burzi's old band who made his escape
to Sicily two years ago.
■ ♦ .
TWO SCORE MUMMIES.
An examination of the contents of
the cases of the first and second Egyp
tian rooms as now exhibited shows that
the British Museum possesses about
forty-four mummies and about eighty
coffins, not including covers of coffins
and various fragments. Taken togeth
er, these represent a period of about
4000 years. The oldest mummified hu
man remains in the museum are those
of Mycerinus (case A), the builder of
the third pyramid of Gizeh, about B. C.
3640; and the most modern those of a
lady whose name is unknown, who, to
gether with her three children, was
mummified about A. D. 400 (case EE).
The cover of the coffin of Mycerinus,
which is exhibited below the fragments
of his mummy, is inscribed with a text
that in his time was already some thou
sands of years old, and it is noteworthy
that at this remote period the king is
described as "living forever" by the
words on it. No further proof that the
Egyptians, in the earliest times, be
lieved in the resurrection and in a fu
ture life is needed. — London Times.
A French scientific Journal says the
consumption of tobacco is decreasing in
that country, being at the present time
about two pounds a head of the pop
ulation annually, whereas in Holland
it is seven pounds, in the United States
five pounds, In Belgium and Germany
three pounds, in Austria-Hungary two
and a half pounds, and in Canada two
and a half pounds.
The war with Tripoli lasted from June
10, 1801, to June 4, 1802.
THJS SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, MONDAY, MAT 23, 1898.
WHY AUSTRIA DISLIKES AMER
ICA.
Austria, which is taking the lead in
the plot to intervene against the United
States, has several reasons to dislike
this country, and every one of these
reasons is creditable to us. When the
United States in 1523 warned the Holy
Alliance— Russia, Austria, Prussia and
Bourbon France— to keep its hands oft
the nations of the American continent
which had just gained their independ
ence of Spain, it won the lasting en
mity of the Vienna Government. True,
Austria was only one of the members
of the alliance, and not the most con
spicuous member either, for Russia
played the role of dominant partner. A
certain Austrian statesman, however,
was the inspiring influence of the
league. His voice was more patent in
its councils than were those of the Czar
Alexander I, of Francis I of the Haps
burg monarchy, of Frederick William
111 of Prussia, or of Louis XVIII of
Franco. This was Prince Metternich,
who, from 1809 to 1848, was Austria's
Minister of Foreign Affairs, and who
from the Congress of Vienna in 1814 on
ward was a decisive force in European
politics.
Events growing out of the rebellion
in Hungary in 1848-49 gave Austria an
other unpleasant experience of Ameri
can influence and power. Austria be
lieved, and truly so, that American ex
ample furnished much of the inspira
tion for that risine and the expres
sions of sympathy by the American
press and American statesmen for the
Hungarians in that struggle, and the
enthusiastic reception given to Kos
suth, the Hungarian leader, on his visit
to this country in 1851, angered the
Vienna Government.
But the rescue of Koszta by an Amer
ican warship in 1853 transmuted this
feeling into rage, and nearly precipi
tated war between the two countries.
Koszta, one of the Hungarian rebels of
1849, escaped to the United States after
the war, took the preliminary steps ne
cessary to secure full citizenship in this
country, but while in Smyrna, Turkey,
in 1853, on business, was seized by or
der of the Austrian frigate Huzzar, in
that port. Captain Ingraham. com
mander of the American sloop-of-war
St. Louis, learning of the affair, sailed
to the place where the Austrian war ves
sel was stationed, demanded Kopzta's
release, and declared that if he were
not given up by a certain hour that day
he would be taken by force. The St.
Louis was instantly cleared for a fight.
This frightened tho Austrians into sur
rendering Koszta to the French Consul,
and he was released and sailed for the
United States.
A dozen years Infer, when the
United States coerced France into evac
uating Mexico, the Mexicans captured
and executed Maximilian. Louis Na
poleon's tool, who tried to establish a
monarchy on the other side of the Rio
Grande, and Austria was provided with
another cause for a grudge against this
country. Maximilian was a brother of
Francis Joseph, then and still Emperor
of Austria, and Austrian influence was
cr.o r ptly used before Maximilian's cap
ture to get up a European combination
against the United States.— St. Louis
Globe-Democrat.
TESTING BUILDING STONE.
In the course of a recent address upon
building stones delivered by Professor
Julien of Columbia College, New York,
i before the Minoralogical . ection of the
Franklin Institute, some interesting
and indeed remarkable facts were
brought out. first by the speaker and
subsequently by a number of experts,
during an animated discussion of the
subject. Professor Julien Is not only an
authority on building stones, but an
expert of international fame in the
preparation of extremely thin sections
of rocks— sections so thin that they are
transparent; and their structure can
thus be readily seen under the micro
scope. On this occasion the thin sec
tions were placed in a powerful electric
projecting microscope, and the enor
mously magnified images were thrown
upon a screen. The light was polarized
by interposing suitable prisms, and un
der these circumstances each tiny grain
of mineral composing the stone reveal
ed itself not only by its shape but on
account of its brilliant, characteristic
color. The chromatic effect was beauti
ful. Moreover, the mechanical struc
ture, porosity, density, etc., of each va
riety of stone thus treated were clearly
shown, revealing the way in which ag
gregations of rock particles are some
times loosely held together without or
derly arrangement and with spaces be
tween, sometimes dovetailed into each
other, and sometimes cemented to
gether into a homogeneous mass.
The somewhat surprising statement
was made that no "weathering tests"
of building stones worthy of the name
have ever been made. Instances were
cited of the disintegration of the stones
in costly buildings recently erected in
New York, Albany, Philadelphia and
other cities — disintegration which com
menced even before the structures in
i question were completed. The magnifl-
I cent Lenox Library building in New
York was mentioned as one illustration,
and it was said that a number of warn
ing examples might be seen in Phila
delphia to-day. Several years ago the
fluted marbie columns of the mint be
came unsafe owing to large masses of
stone having flaked off from time to
time, and it became necessary to re
move them and to substitute granite
columns made to imitate the original
columns in design. — Philadelphia Rec
ord.
DEWEY AND NELSON.
Frank Lee writes In the Chicago
Times-Herald: Nelson is great, proba
bly the greatest, until Dewey's fame
arose to eclipse his feats. His many
battles and the effect of his victories
prove his pre-eminence, but it is true
that there aie "others." Those who
have carefully considered the exploits
of Hood, Hooker, Lewis, Collingwood
and Blake must admit that, even if
they were not as great as Nelson, yet
they achieved much that is well worthy
of comparison with what Nelson did.
Perhaps Blake's greatest action was
against the Spanish in 1657, when he
entered the strongly fortified harbor of
Santa Cruz and defeated a superior
force supported by land batteries. It
was a fight like Dewey's in that It
seemed incredible to Englishmen, who
could hardly believe their leader's
great success. He was the first man to
bring ships to fight fortresses, a thing
that until then seemed foolhardy and
useless risk. Nelson, Farragut and
Dewey profited by the lesson he taught.
Nelson's great battles were those of
the Nile, Copenhagen and Trafalgar.
Great as is the credit due him, it must
be admitted that the British fleet was
then at its best and that of France at
its worst. It mattered very little under
what leader the English might be; so
long as the two fleets could get into
action the issue was not doubtful.
Before the battle of the Nile Nelson
went on two wild goose chases in
search of the French. In numbers the
ships were evenly matched at Aboukir,
though the French had the aid of shore
batteries and their fleet was superior.
Nelson divided his fleet and attacked a
part of the French from both sides
while the enemy's van and all their line
were either unable or unwilling to take
part in the fight.
At Copenhagen Nelson met both shore
batteries and ileets. Impatient of de
lay, he attacked them. He tried to re
peat the Nile experiment, but was not
able to place the Danes between two
fires, and the result was that though
his squadron destroyed the first line of
the Danish defenses the hostile batter
ies were not silenced and Nelson him
self suffered so greatly that he wel
comed a truce.
The battle of Trafalgar was not of
Nelson's seeking. Villeneuve had twice
outwitted him and led him on one oc
casion on a chase across the Atlantic
Wearied and desperate Villeneuve left
Cadiz and sought the battle of Trafal
gar. The forces were not so uneven.
Nelson had twenty-seven ships to Ville
neuve's thirty-one.
RELIGIOUS LIBERTY IN RUSSIA.
Th massacre of Kroze, In the Province
of Grodno, will serve as an illustration of
the methods adopted by the apostles of
"Orthodoxy," and of the culpability of
the Imperial Government In the premises.
The authorities having closed a parish
church as a preliminary measure to Its
transfer to the State clergy, about a hun
dred peasants entered the edifice. They
were immediately attacked by some Cos
sacks, and eight were killed, while some
forty-two were grievously wounded. Fif
teen of the women were outraged, and
their companions were knouted nearly
unto death.
When Pope Leo XIII heard of the mat
ter from unexceptionable sources he pro
tested to the Czar, and that potentate or
dered Prince Cantacuzene to make an in
vestigation. The result was a report to
tne effect that the Catholics of Kroze,
"Justly suspected of Polonism, had at
tacked the imperial soldiers, and had met
a deserved punishment." Then the Pon
tiff sent to Alexander ITT by a sure hand
the evidence which had prompted his
complaint, remarking, in an autograph
letter: "It is evident, sire, that, one of
us has been egregiously deceived. Since
you are nearer to Kroze than I am, deign
to discover for yourself which one of us
receives misleading reports."
The Czar made a personal inquiry, and
having found that Cantacuzene had hid
den the guilt of the authorities cf Kroze,
he sent for the Prince and It Is said that
in the height of his indignation he gave
the culprit a blow in the face. Be this
as it may, Cantacuzene felt that he was
disgraced, and on the following day he
poisoned himself. Meanwhile the surviv
ors of the massacre were languishing in
prison, and it became necessary to cry
them. Some generous Russian lawyers,
who had been edified by their be avior In
the jails, volunteered to defend them.
Evidence of their innocence was abund
ant, but, nevertheless, four of the ac
cused were condemned to ten years of
hard labor, three to Siberia and twenty to
some months of further imprisonment. —
American Catholic Quarterly Review.
A QUEER SUPERSTITION.
The Acadians who inhabit North
eastern Maine profess to have a sure
way of finding out if any of their
kindred are dwelling among the hedge
hogs in a given locality. Whenever a
colony of French people migrates to a
new township, bits of fat pork and
bacon rind are thrown out near the
ledges where signs of hedgehogs are
found. If these baits remain on the
ground until they decay, no exiled
Frenchmen is dwelling among the
rocks; but, if they are eaten up in a
night or two, and hedgehogs come out
to the new clearings looking for more, it
is taken for a token that unfortunate
ancestors are living near by who must
be protected at any cost. As hedge
hogs are capable of multiplying faster
than the French people, the supersti
tion often imposes a heavy tax upon the
squatters. In some townships the ani
mals have become so numerous that
they have girdled and killed great
tracts of valuable hemlock, bringing
heavy losses to the land owners, who
will soon ask the State to put a bounty
upon hedgehogs in order to thin out the
pests.
If such a law Is ever passed, the men
who try to enforce it will meet with
thrilling adventures when they visit
Northern Aroostook County. — New
York Sun.
PRICE OF MANHATTAN ISLAND.
Mrs. Schuyler Van Rensselaer con
tributes to the Century an article on
"The Mother City of Greater New-
York. " Mrs. Van Rensselaer says:
"The sum of 60 guilders (about $24)
was not a big one to pay for so big an
island as Manhattan thirteen miles in
length from north to south, and for the
greater part two miles broad. But It
satisfied 'the Lord Sachems of the Man
hathes,' and Peter Minuit did not hand
it over in useless cash. He gave its
'equivalent' when, in 1626, he arrived as
the first formally accredited Director or
Governor of New Notherland, commis
sioned by the Dutch West India Com
pany which owned and ruled and was
trying to people tho province; and the
nature of his moneys may be guessed
from a list of the articles paid, seven
years later, for a large piece of land in
the Connecticut Valley: 'One piece of
duffels, twenty-seven ells long; six
axes, six teattles, eighteen knives, one
sword blade, one shears and some toys.'
Moreover, lnn<l was the Indians' only
plentiful possession ; and, again, we
need not think of the Manhathes as im
mediately deprived of their island, but
merely as pledged, like tenants at will,
to give up tract after tract as it might
be wanted."
DEATH OF WAR NATIONS.
Every great military nation has died
while at least two great advocates of
peace, China and Japan, have existed
for centuries. The death of the great
military nations has been due to the
excessive burdens consequent upon an
elaborate military organization. The
heavy expenses of war and preparation
for war consumed wealth which should
have been devoted to maintaining or
Improving the standard of the people.
We can also observe present instances
of the operation of the principle in the
cases of Frnnce, which has reached the
point at which expenses of all kinds
are about equal to the profits; of Ger
many and Enpriand. whose expenses are
rapidly approaching that point; and of
the United States and Japan, whose
profits are largely In excess of the ex
penditures.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
A Burrage&w, Boston 3 O Field, Boston
A Burrage Jr. Boston W Van Slooten. N T
F Burrage. Boston H T Wild. NY
R Bun-age, Boston M Forsyth&w, Ceylon
Miss Burrage&n, Bstn .1 Woodruff. .Chicago
Mrs Haskell, Boston H T Watson, London
Miss, Hnske.ll. Boston M G Kuhn. Cinn> >v-'.i.
M H Lewis, Boston J Jones &w, Montana
P Jarboe, S Mateo R Pearee.w&c, Mont
C H Post, NY L W Morgan, L An*
G W Wensley, NT G Mllens, Portland
C Downing. Armona C Colburn&w, Nev
D Massle &w. Ohio J Sullivan. Shanghai
A C Dennlston, Phila J Kallenberg, China
G Courtrlght, St Paul Mrs Hlrschbergr, Ger-
H Wilshlre, L Ang many
E T Gape, London ■■■'■ F Merrltt&w, Palo A
E Lang, Portland II Pollock. Belfast
Kuhn. Cincinnati E W Knarn, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
J H Oyselaar, Eureka F Cutting, Stktn
L D Anderson, Cal • H S Allen, Sonora
D H Jackson, Cal ' R F Shaw &w, Nev
Mrs J F Church, Cal L F Bell,' Nevada City
8 S Boynton & w, Cal W H Garllck. Cal
■\V S Lewis, Cal F J McCormlck. lowa
J B Foy & w, Alameda J L Burnham, R Bluff
I V Avansino, Cal F Houghton, Corning
H M Bradley. Minn W Hilton, Elko
W II Edwards, Minn H W Crabb, Oakvill*
L T Bradley. Minn ■ HA Pellet. Napa
C P Swain, Ft Wayne W H Stewart, Sacto
J E Healey, Cal " G Biggins. Prindlo
W H Dana, Cal J Craig. Colusa
J II Conway, Vallejo H Thorp, Sacto
A W ; Beadle, Calfl f W Beckman, Sacto
J \V Bailey, Mont PA Buell, Stktn
F J Barry, Montreal H Schmls, Zurich
G Obeman Jr. Wash 3 P Boehm, Zurich
C W Hendrick, N V ~ -
BALDWIN HOTEL. ,
C Wilcox & w. Madera C Westcott, Concord
A J Frank, Boston C Ix>hse. Concord .
II J Woolacot. L Ang W J Hooker, Cal
C Howland, L Ann-- J Wathous". Newman
A Bettlnger, St Paul J C Fisher, S Diego
II A d'Arcy. NY- - E Cohen. L Ang
OLumls, Portland A W Burdick. w & c,
W P Shaw. Louisville S S Colon
S Langworthy, L Ang X Davis. S S Colon
H Trimlng, L Ang - -I Llntrell. i PMMSCCo
J . Rohan. . Oakland ? Marie Verne N V
Rosa Rohan. Oakland Q B Fry. Missouri
S Ysaye. Oakland - R L Ritchie, Nevada
II Farmher. Oakland M Harity .<-• w, Merced
C W Fairs, Stanford Mrs Cobb & b, Boston
R Clawson. N V W. Calden, .Car f
M; W , Spence. NY . M Davidson, Vallejo
R F Allen, Oakland W Richmond &w. Cal
M Thomas. NY- W Clark. Stockton
NEW- WESTERN HOTEL. r
AC Brooks, S Denver M Hans*n, Sacto
W H Sweeney, i Pueblo J Patterson, Stockton
C A Sleeper. Pueblo - A'MaJcwell.Calistoga
T. C Wood, Leadvllle J Henderson & w. 9tkn
C Ord way, Toledo * Miss Chase, - Stockton
J de Roco. S Jose Miss Benson.^ Stockton
3 • Mulroy, Tacoma % Mi - . Beyer. ; Stockton
B Kelly. Holllster -. ; . Miss ■ Ilenderßon. Stkn
II J Shaw, Holllster C Mellvllle.; Chicago -
D Ferguson, ■ Novato - 1 3 F Woods.: N V
A Dexter (Me.) marketrnan tells how he
sold a couple of cans of salmon a few
days ago. He stepped into his refriger
ator a moment, and as he came out
caught a glimpse of one of two women
who had come In to trade slipping the
salmon from a shelf under her shawl. He
said nothing, but when he caoioto reckon
up their purchases he charged the salmon
in at war rates. He says they colored up
to the ears, but paid over the cash with
out a word.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, May 22.
Schr Aloha, Dabel, 24 days from Honolulu.
Stmr Oregon, Stephens, 74 hours from Port
land, via Astoria G" hours.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepson, — hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— G27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
IS4I Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until t o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'c'.ock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
fetreets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal ■
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- _^\_
ING. M. M. degree. " TC5f
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. /V>
HERMANN Lodge No. I*7, F. and A. m
Called meeting THIS DAY (MOX- A,
DAY), May 23, IS9&, at 7:30 o'clock TK_jf
p. m. Deg. 2. By order of the W. M. /V^
L. SCHUMACHKR, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. m
■ and A. M., Franklin Hall, IS3» Fill- Jk.
m..re St.— Third degree THIS iM'>N-Tr_Jf
DAT) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By /V >
order of the Master.
HARRT BAEHR, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. m
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _^V,
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- IKS?
gree. By order of /V>
GEORGE W. TURNER, W. M.
G. W. ROOT, Secretary. : > .?
NOE VALLEY Lodge No. 185, A. O. oW&>
V. \V. — Dear Sirs and Brothers: You arejjs&£
requested to attend the funeral of ourtt*i*-=j
late brother. DANIEL McGOLDRICK. M«S^
from his residence, 1.120 Franklin St., cor.
Pine, TUESDAY, 9 a. m.
J. F. FENO, Master Workman.
J. C. SCOTT, Recorder.
THIRTY-SECOND grand annual v C? $
gathering and games of the Cal- JL (SyjJ
edonian Club of San Francisco, tJNtC£»
SATURDAY, May 23. at Shell **=S*T
Mound Park, Berkeley. The best athletes on
the coast will compete In the different events
for which valuable prizes will be awarded.
The Sacramento and Stockton Caledonian
clubs will be present In a body. Dancing in
the pavilion and numerous other attractions.
, lr JOHN REID, Chief.
JAMKS H. DUNCAN'. Secretary. '
; ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at 327 Marjcet
fit.. San Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the
23.1 day of May, IS9S. at the hour of 3 p. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
j rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Trnnfer books will
close on Friday, May IS. IS9S. at 2 p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary.
Office— 327 Market St., Ban Francisco, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for (1 60, postage
free.
DIVIDEND NOTICED.
TO the shareholders of the Independent Red
Men's Hall Association — Gentlemen: Please
take notice that in the regular meeting of the
Board of Directors on May 3. 1808, a dividend
of 30 cents per share has been declared and is
due and payable on Tuesday the 24th, 1898,
at 8 p. m., at Red Men's Hall. 810 Bush st.
CHARLES. BCHX.ESINGFR, President.
B. A. SAMMAN'N. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice Dividend No. 81 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company wi.i be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St., on and after
Wednesday, June 1, IS9S. Transfer books
will close on Thursday, May 2G, 1898, at 3
o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
B«D tenants ejected for M: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room 8: tel. 5580.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1. 147 Powell St.
MISS LESSER, genuine massage and vapor
baths. 124 Sixth ?t., room 2.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
MISS WILLIAMS, MttVi « ; ro:it aye.. cor. Geary,
room 15; vapor and cabinet baths.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer. 1505
Mirket st., cor. Eighth, room 98, second floor.
MISS L. Dean, 917 Market, parlors 11 and 12,
Turkl«h Br-ths and massage treatment.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15' i Turk and 111$ Market, rms. 15-16.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer and vapor
baths. USA Grunt aye., room 17.
MME. d JMSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet bat N s. 116 Taylor Ht.
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 12OMj Geary *'•■■ room 11.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The CalL
Eubßcriptlons and ads taken.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1. Kart-
mann Paint Co.. 343 Third st. and 2505. 24th.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market Bt., rm. 8.
MISS MAY'S geunine electric treatment for
rheumatism. Iftfl Grant aye., room 4.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
! LADIES looking for servants will find flrst-
Ctan cooks, second pirls, etc., by leaving your
orders with J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Putter.
FIRBT-CLABB German cook; understands all
branches of cooking-; best references. MRS.
NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
NKAT colored woman, good cock and house-
keeper, best references, $15 ro $20. MRS.
K< 'KTON. 323 Sutter st. '
AT the Swedish and German Employment
Bureau a number of first-class girls await-
ing situations. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
YOUNG Swedish girl as nurse, housework or
second work. $10. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
GERMAN houseglrl, strong and willing, $13;
good cook. MRS. MORTON, 323 Slitter at.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as second girl, $10 to $15; ref-
erences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLAPS German crok and housework
girl desires situation; 3 years last place; city
or country. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT. 417 Powell St., tel. Main f.332. a
number of first-class girls of all nationali-
ties await positions.
GOOD woman desires work Immediately; 1b a
good worker; can do almost anything; 1b
first-class; has references; goes by the day,
$1 and car fare. 60 Third St., room 14.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wishes a
situation to do light housework and cooking:
kind to children. Call for two days, 264^
Tehama st., near Fourth.
WOMAN wants work by the day washtng or
houseoloanlnfr. Please call at 1211 Ftllmore
St., bet. Turk and Eddy.
BY a middle-aged woman, situation to do light
housework; no washing; no children; wages
$10. M. A., box 4577. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class waitress
and partor maid: first-class city references.
Box 4.'.7 1 \ Call office.
SWEDISH cirl wishes to do general housework
and cooking in American family; wages $20.
613 Turk st.
DRESSMAKER wishes few more engagements
by the day; terms $1 50 day.; ref. 505 Jones.
TOT'N'G girl to assist In housework and take
care of children. 427 Clementina st.
YOUNG eirl wishes position taking care of
children; references. 957 Mission St., top floor.
GOOD laundress by the day. Please address
Laundress, 130 Wildey st.
MIDDLE-AGED widow with a 5-year-old
daughter wishes place as housekeeper. Ap-
ply at 94C Harrison st. ; no triflers.
COOP dressmaker wishes sewing; terms $1 a
day. Address box 4695, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman
with a child 4 years to do housework and
cooking: country preferred. Please call this
week, 515 Seventh st., near Bryant.
FRENCH respectable woman wishes situation
to cook for family or take care of sick per-
son; wages moderate. Address New Hotel
Europe, 725 Sansome st.
AN elderly woman wish?? a situation as cook
or housekeeper in a small private family;
highest references. Apply .".36 Third st.
VTIDOW wishes position a* chambermaid or
housekeeper In hot?l or lodging-house. Apply
Hackmeier Hotel, 123 Eddy st., room 87.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day
washing or housecleaning. 220 Ninth st., up-
stairs.
RKLIABLE woman would like sewing to do
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON, 1907 Harri-
son Et.
TOUNQ German girl, age 16, wants a place
for light housework. 2236 Bush st
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants general house-
work In American family. 414 Folsom st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want a.ls taken.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) halp;
tel. Maine 19P7. BRADLEY' & CO., 640 Clay st.
WANTED, by an Englishman, aged 30, situa-
tion at any kind of employment; wages not
so much an object as steady place: total ab-
stainer. Address F. GREENFIELD. 220
Third, or call bet. !> and 11 a. m. & 3 & 5 p.m.
SITUATION as porter.janitor or night watch-
man by a sober reliable married man; first-
class references. Address l>ox 4">SO. Call.
JAPANESE couple want situation; man good
coc-k; wife general housework and sewing;
good references. S. X., 1307 Larkin st.
STEADY young man with ft years' experience
In wholesale house as bookkeeper and col-
lector would like work of any kind; city or
country. Address box 4631, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German wishes position In
Catholic Institute to take care of horses and
garden; make himself generally useful; ref-
erences Address box 4600, Call office.
ORDERS for men for any kind of work can
be promptly filled by J. F. CROSETT & CO..
«28 Sacramento st.
MAN with 5 years' experience In wine and
liquor store compounding wishes situation;
cooper by trade; experienced In bottling. Ad-
dress box 460*. Call office.
BUTCHER wants steady work; hotel, res'aur-
ant or shop. Box 4C07, Call office.
STEADY young German wishes position on a
gentleman's place; good horseman; can milk;
good references; small wages. Box 4.>57. Call.
CARPENTER; young man; handy at anything;
'can run steam or gasoline engine; plumbing
or painting: willing to go any place; refer-
ences. Address box 4622, Cali Office.
BUSINESS man wants traveling agmcy forone
or two good staples; also one or two good
sj.eclalties; nothing but A) stock wanted.
Address bos M3O, Call.
FIRST-CLASS all round butcher, highest ref-
erence aa foreman. abl» to run machinery
and take charge nf cold storage plant. Ad-
dress box 4623. Call office.
ENGINEER and fireman wants situation:
first-class references. W. H. 8., box 4629,
Call Office.
TEMPERATE young man wants position
around private place; understands gardening,
driving, ami Is generally useful: wishes to at-
tend school in evening. Box 4G46. Call office.
V( IUNQ man li* years of age would like a posi-
tion: understands running elevator. Call or
aldrers 243-> Post Bt.
$20 TO any one securing me a permanent posi-
tion in furniture business. Address box 4655.
Call Office.
JAPANESE housecleaner wants few more en-
ragements to work by the day or week.
SANTA RO, 502 Leavenworth St.
STEADY, reliable and well recommended man
wishes position of any kind: holds license as
matr> and pilot on steamer: can run small
steamer or gasoline boat. Address H., 7 Cali-
fornia aye.
TENOR soloist wishes church position; good
reader; state church and salary. H., box
46? T. Call office.
CHEF from Boston with 20 years' experience
and strictly temperate desires engagement
for the season In a ftrst-clas3 hotel or club:
if not satisfactory will charge nothing as
trial. Address box 4fiTfi. Call office.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN cook. $26; French nurse. $20; German
second girl, $20; 4 German and Scandinavian
second girls, city. $20; waitress and seam-
stress, $25; 2 waitresses, restaurant, $4 Week;
and over 25 girls for cooking and housework
in city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Batter st.
COOK, $35: housework. Eureka, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 32. r > Sutter St.
WOMAN with a child as cook, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, Bakersfield, $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter Ft.
SEAMSTRESS and waitress, $25; laundress,
%1Z: MISS iTLLEN, 525 Sutter st.
HOUSEGIRL, $25, two In family; German
houseglrl. $X 3 in family. MRS. NORTON,
323 Sutter st.
COOK, |30; two cooks, $25 each; second girl,
$20. MRS. NORTON, 3*3 Sutter St.
YOUNG girl to assist. $10, no cooking: nurse-
girl. $10 to $12. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
WANTED — American cook and laundress, $35:
2 German cooks, $25; German or Swedish
waitress, $20; French nurse, 1 child, $20; 3
French girls for housework, $20 and $15: 2
German second girls, $20; waitress, restaur-
ant $6 week; second girls, small hotel, coun-
try. I* LEON ANDRE. 316 Stockton st.
W< 'MAN to cook cold meats, etc., for a small
delicacy store; $35 and board. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
CHAMBERMAID and wait table, plain coun-
try hotel, $18; strong middle-aged woman to
cook and do pl»in washing, ranch, Santa
Clara County, $20; housework girls, etc.
MIRRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
THREE cooks, $25' and $30; chambermaid, $20:
10 girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkin st. '
GOOD milliner: also nurseglrl; 3 glove sales-
ladies; confectionery clerk. 1023 Market st.
LADY competent to appoint sub-agents, on
road; salary aod expenses. 313 Bush St.
WANTED— 3OO operators *nd finishers on men's
clothing; factory work. Apply HOFFMAN,
ROTHCIIILD & CO., Bush and Battery.
-... ~ I
GIRL, assist housework, small family; one
willing to go In country with family during
summer; wages $10. 2300 Leavenworth St., ■
cor. Lombard. j
WANTED— 2 attractive young ladies for road
house near the city; one piano player pre-
ferred. Address box 4582, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser; also girls to learn.
MME. DELLA FAUST. 240 Stockton St., near
Post.
GIRL to assist in general housework; plain
cooking and washing; $12. 2612 Larkin St.
COMPETENT girl for second work and plain
sewing; references. 1725 Pine st.
GOOD talloress and experienced apprentice on !
custom coats. 7C Harriet st.
WANTED — A girl for second work and assist
with chUdren; references. 1608 Fell St.
WANTED—German girl for general housework.
911 I^arkln st.
GOOD cook and waiter at 4."2 Fifth st.
WANTED— GirI to help in kitchen and res-
taurant; sleep home. 830 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. 858 Howard.
between Fourth and Fifth, over Ball court.
WANTED— Young girl to do chamber work;
Bleep home; ?S per month. S>24 Geary st.
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework; fam-
ily of 2; wages $7. 1717 Turk st.
WANTED— A neat girl to assist in light house-
work. 1423 Laguna st.
WOMAN to' wash dishes, hours 7 to 7; wages $3
week. 619 I>arkin st.
WANTED— Good laundress and chambermaid.
Apply 1721 Van Ness ay?., from 10 to 1.
YOUNG, well-formed woman for artist's
model. Apply 2311 Jackson St.; 10 to 12 a. <n.
WANTED— Young German girl about IS years
old to do upstairs work nnd light sewing;
wages $15. Call bet. 9 and 12 at 251S Pacific aye.
WANTED— First-class corset saleswoman for
Sacramento. Apply 523 Market St., room 7,
from 2 to 3 p. m.
LEARN dressma. ng and millinery; position*
free: patterns 2">o up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper; state experience and
salary expected. Address W. F.. box 05, Call.
DR. WISE, the ladies 1 specialist, '••* Market*
St.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once. r
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market
et. ; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
i I NTH. 167— Branch of rice of 1-e Call; sub-
scrlptlons and want ads taken.
HELP WASTED-MALE.
WANTED— Woodchoppers, $1 25~tcT~$l 50 cord:
laundryman and wife for institution, $60;
errand boy for institution, $10 and found;
laborers for country. $1 75 day; cook and wife
for restaurant. $50; cook for camp. $35; wait-
ers ami others. Apply to J. F. CROSISTT
& CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED — 6 first-class quartz miners, J2 50 to
$5 .lay. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacra-
mento st.
KXPKItIKNCED nurse for a private hospital
in the country; $30 amWound: call !> a. m.
to-day. C. R. HANSEJF& CO., 104 Geary.
3'J WMOKi 'HOPPERS for a new fob; 2".0 faro;
15C0 cords to cut; $1 25 to $1 75 a cord, ac-
cording to wood, etc. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Qeary st.
CAMP cook for the soldier boys; to go to
Manila If necessary; $40. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
AMERICAN or Englishman with experience as
nurse to act as a nurse nnd companion for a
gentleman in the country; good wages; call
early. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
100 MACHINE operators on coats and pants.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary S*.
HELP WANTED— Con tinned^
A_236— - — — Woodchoppers , — ——Wanted
For different parts of California,- $1 80, $1 25
and 70c cord; 04 tie makers d^erent
places, Sc. 9c, 10c and lie each. MtRRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. :
A— ENGINEER, $2 88 day. for a large mine; no
lost time; .no objection to a married, man.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 63C Clay st.
A— PAPER banger tor a country corporation
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 8H Clay st.
2 BUTCHERS. 1 country- . —can capper for
a meat factory; J-lso a vent stopper for a
meat factory. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
C 36 Clay St., Leading Employment Agents.
MINERS miners — miners
23 gravel miners wanted: $2 50 day; steady
good job. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 63tf
Clay st., Leading Employment Agents.
A— EMPLOYEES of help — — — — j — - ■
Please remember — .
MURRAY & READY supply ■
most of the great corporations ■
syndicates, banks and trusts —
and other large concerns, including smaller
enterprises located on the Pacific Coast. We
sent (17,000) seventeen thousand men to work;
during year 1597. What
MURRAY A READY have done ■
and are doing for others ■
— they can do for you. send you ■
first-class help at once, ■■ >
. "free of charge." — —
634 and IS6 Clay St.; telephone Main 5848.
15.000,000 CORPORATION
wants 25 laborers for a mine, $2 50 day; no
experience required. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay St., leading employment
agents.
A— THREE BUTTERMAKERS. $30 AND $25—
4 milkers. $20 3 vegetable gardeners
I 15 ■ farm bands, $20 and $15-
4 choreboys —$10 and $12
20 laborers, city jobs $1 and $1 75 day
3 stablemen. $30. MURRAY & READY Lead-
Ing Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay St.
A— BOILERMAKERS 2 BLACKSMITHS
for ranches. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
A— l 2 COOKS — 2 SECOND COOK 3
4 waiters
3 dishwashers — —
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
A— 2T. LABORERS FOR THE MINES
25 laborers for the smelters
$2 50, $2 10, $1 S3 day: steady, pood jobs.
j MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. C 34-626 Clay st.
A— MARRIED Farmer and Wife
Can take children; no other woman on ranch.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 886 Clay st.
WANTED — restaurant, $35; cook, res-
taurant, $10 a week; butler, references, $45;
young man in first-class saloon, $5 a week;
middle-aged man, private place near city;
flrst-class groom, $30; etc. ANDRE'S, '^S
Stockton st.
10 COAL miners, $2 50 a day; man to contract
to cut tan bark; woodchopper on shares; sec-
ond cook, city, $20; 2 hotel waiters, $25 and
$20; milkers, $25. R. T. WARD ft CO., CO3
and 610 Clay st.
HOTEL bartender and hotel runner; city of
20,000; good opening. 313 Bush st.
MAN for ranch who understands raising poul-
try by Incubator; also butter. 313 Bush ft.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal; control of business. 313 Bush st.
AUCTIONEER'S clerk and buyer; furniture,
etc.; desirab'e acquaintance necessary, with,
references. 313 Bush st.
WAITER, c luntry, "-"■ HOTEL GAZETTE,
420 Kearny st. _____
WANTED— 3OO operators and finishers; men"3
clothing: factory work. Apply at ones
HOFFMAN, ROTHCHILD & CO.. Bush and
Battery.
WANTED— Musicians to Join the Twentieth
Regimental Band of Kansas . r.lunteers. viz.:
1 ; [CCOIo, 1 E flat clarionet, 3 B flat claironet
and 1 E flat alto. Apply to CHARLES E.
GORMLY. Chief Musician, Camp Richmond.
WANTED— Tailors to baste custom coats. 95
Market St., room 12.
TAILORS wanted for seat room. 803 Mont-
gomery st., room 6, third floor; convenient.
GOOD sober shoemaker on repairing. with
tools. Call early. 63S Market St., basement.
FIRST-CLASS presser wanted on custom coats;
steady work. 239 Fifth st.
RESTAURANT baker wanted. Mi Market st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; aMs
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and SO years, who are citizens of ths
I'nited States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches an .s G feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office 20 Ellis St.. Pan Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— A well accuainted city young drum-
mer to work grocers and restaurants on food
shelves, goods; ny : state references and
former employers: a steady place with a fu-
ture for the right man. Address box 4624,' Call.
WANTED — A young man with from 4 to 8
months' experience in barber business. Call
frr.m 2 to 4 p. m. Sunday at 71SH Howard st.
Solicitor for dyeing and cleaning, to drive
a wagon. EMPORIUM CLOTHING RENO-
VATORT, VS Edd; st.
WANTED — BO men for Alaska mines; wages
$10 per day; leave June 5. Box 4606, Call office.
CABINET maker wanted. BADER &
FINCKE. Firth and Bryant sts.
BARBERS' Progressive T T nion; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. South, 628.
WANTED — Confectioner as partner in first-
class bakery; good cbance. Bos 4621. Call.
ROSEDALE HOUSE, 321 Elite— loo furnlabed
rooms; 25c night; $1 week; reading rocm.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third Ft. ; 150 larg*
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart at.
BARBERS' As3'n Free Employm't Office. 8.
FI'CHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye. ; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska, Puget Sound. Mexico, etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE, 604 Davis st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, 26c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— At Montana House. 7G4U Mlsaion;
men *.O take rooms; 10c, lac -*nd 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llr.dell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme Hoaae, 867 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
600 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price; half-soling, 35c. 933 Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trnde in eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College, 13$Vj> Eighth st.
AGENTS WAXTKD.
AGENTS wanted— Halstead's great war
book, "Our Country in War": all about
armies, navies, coast defenses, Maine disas-
ter Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations; nearly 600 pages; all written
since Maine disaster; magnificent colored Il-
lustrations; agents making 110 to $39 per (lay;
no experience necessary: liberal terms; a»
days' credit; price low; freight paid: outfit
free; send 0 2-c stamps to pay postage. Edu-
" cational ITnlon. 324 Dearborn St., Chicago.
10c BRINGS samples & catalogue of patriotic
emblems, etc. by return mail. Quick Manu-
facturer." box 1275. Boston. Mass.
AGENTS wanted: new useful article: no com-
petition. Call 2 to 4. BELL. 208 Jones st.
PARTNERS* -WANTED.
PARTNER wanted; good paying restaurant.
Apply 621 Montgomery st.
~ FURNITURE WANTED.; "
i INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. : highest prices paid. Tel >avia 71.
1 ROOMS AND board WAXTED.
2~OR 3 furnished housekeeping rooms: rent
not, to exceed $12: private family preferred:
near Ninth and Market sts. Box 4579. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
LARGE sunny unfurnished room, with ex-
. tensive closet. Address box 23, Call branch
■ . office. IPS Eleventh st. '.■.■■
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
CASH paid for old gold and silver; any quan-
i tity. ROBERT BENJAMIN, 111 Ellis st.
BABY carriage; good order; state price. 1511
Geary, sc. - .
PAWNBROKER— OId geld, silver, cast-off
clothing- bought. Add. COLEM AN. 41 Third.
■ ; .. ■ •, •;. .storage.
AT low •'■ rates— Furniture, carpets, ,- pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments; -
- advances • made. ;."J.. NOON AN. - 1017 to 102J
Mission ; st.'v above Sixth; open evenings.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. ; - Golden West Stor-
. age warehouse, S4O Mission st. ; tel. Mint 1821.
PIEKCE-RUDOIiPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office, Tenth and Market; telephone South 168.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN.
121 Sixth St., open evenings.
TRUNKS. 25c a mo.; other goods at 10-w rates.
Signal Transfer Co.. 580 Jones; tel. Suttcr 441.BUSINESS CHANCES.
.LOON; established many years and do-
ing a Jaily business of $12; 1 block from Hi-
la Bank; a rure opening. See WILKE,
7SJ Market st.
•HXER grocery and bar; choicest loca-
■i Western Addition; large stock; 5 bar-
rel? whisky on hand; a first-class paying busi-
rarticuhirs WILKE, 753 Market St.
ST-lAVIXG restaurant in city; es-
years; kept by owner the last 6
i; private ro.>ms; the very best business
location: average daily receipts above $40. In-
re WILKE, Ts3 Market st.
A $300: saloon, 2 doors from Montgomery st.
average dally receipts $12; rent $23. Inquire
WILKE, Ts3 Market st.
! 50; RESTAURANT, opposite cable housed
transfer corner: good business; cheap rent.
WILKE, 783 Market st.
■ 1.1 > ■ F.sjt AHI.ISHED saToon~in~ choicest
dowr.-tuwn '...cation, with bulldlnff; long
lease; doing a tirst-cla«s paying business;
other engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
WILKE, 7^3 Market st.
I SALOON and lunch house; close to and
patronized by the largest brewery of this
city: doing a rushing business; good stock
and rare business opening. WILKE, 783
Market St.
SALOON; first-class business: close to
Phelan building; a bargain. See WILKE.
Market st.
$250— CIGAR store on Market St., in the heart
J . M. LESS, 760 Market at.
$300— CORNER saloon, "ii Montgomery .>-: ;
billiard table included; living rooms; selling
OB uccount of death in family. M. LESS, 7tis
Market.
MOO— RESTAURANT; tew doors north of Mar-
ket ■( ! ; receipts $25 to $3'J per
day; a money-making place. M. LESS, 76i
Market »t.
and bar, 4 rooms and
bath. In Western Addition; established 20
years; big bar trade: well worth «2j09; selling
I!■ account o: sickness. M. LESS & CO.. 765
■>t st.
[QAJR »l ". tVH floors off Market:
cation; must sell. M. LESS, 766
tel -•
S . OON and lunch house; going to Alas-
ka. McLAUQHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny et.
N'.'HY 6iore, saloon and dwelling;
hall in second story: large lot; worth $2000;
no opposition; satisfactory reasons for sell-
McI.AUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
I SALOON, country mining town; 2 stores,
2 cottages, 7 lots; half price; owner compelled
to go East. McLAL'GHLIN, 23 Keary st.
LEDO & CO.. Up-to-d&te Broken
Geary st. Miscellaneous b— >lne« chances.
HOQO- Road house: dally receipt* $«0.
$l?.v>— Saloon; flne corner: well stocked.
$ 750— Corner grocery and bar; 4 iurnished
rooms.
$ 175 — Grocery and bar: give-away.
J Plumbing anii gasiktir.g; $130 monthly.
Delicacy; tine corner, with living rmi.
t » " II ime oakery; 3 barrels Gaily; rooms.
Restaurant and furnished Hat. $:« daily.
I 350— Reetaurani & rooming-house; l«nanza.
$ 325— Barbershop; 4 cha rs; >* for larger.
$ 125— Dental parlors; good business.
$ 125— Dressmaking: store mul furnished rms.
$ 450— Best shooting gallery; cigar stand
For particulars call on KREPO A CO.
A— SBOO— CORNER grocery -no. bar; without
doubt one of the b"?>t business corners.
$200— Partner wanted ; commission business.
$300— Saloon; old-establißhcd; good corner,
and other bargain." In saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON i: CO.. "77 Market.
$SOO— HOME cooking and delicatessen buslness
with an established trade: well located: low
rent; living rooms and every convenience; to
a p od cook this place offers a small fortune.
Box 4576. Call office.
PARTNER wanted in first-class saloon;
bargain. Call for particulars 33 Third st.
FINE corner saloon: 4 nice Jiving rooms; rent
$.■; Belling at sacrifice. 331 Sixth St.
ACTIVE middle-aged man -of business expe-
rience with some capital and his services,
wishes to go in some legitimate established
business. Address box 4617. Call office.
FOR Sale — A millinery store; retiring from
business. Address box 4595, Call office.
WANTED — men's furnishing goods
man with $15,000 capital (must be willing to
travel eight months of the year) as partner
In progressive manufacturing concern, selling
the most prominent retailers in city. Slate
and coast. Address box 4603, Call office.
PARTIES having moderate capital can learn
of a reliable, permanent and profitable busi-
ness (.a. monopoly); real name must accom-
pany answer. Address H. V., box 4603, Call.
FOR SALE— Stock and fixtures branch bakery,
confectionery, notions and newspaper agency;
3 living rooms; rent $7; price $125. J. P.
JOHNSTON _ CO.. 873 Broadway. Oakland.
j-v-iO— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain, steady
man sntlsiied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
given; thort hours; duties light. 31 Third St..
romal. ________________________
TO rent cheap, ohlrestabilshed barber shop.
with living rooms. 563 Bryant st., between
Sixth and Seventh.
$400— RESTAURANT and bakery; bargain at
double the amount. Address box 4589. Call.
FOR Salt— Home bakery, notions, tamaies;
goo trade; cheap rent. 1913 Howard St.
ANY one who baa from $3000 to $25,000 to ln-
veat in the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on th<« Pacific Coast will find It to
their Interest to write for particulars to
R. W. SWEET, Kirkwood, Cal.
jiyA—PARTNER wanted In small water plant. ;
planing mill and machine shop; location.
Winters, Cal. Address J. A. LECHLEITER,
Winters, Cal.
BALOON for sale. Apply at the North Star
Brewery, Army and Mission sts.
NEWSPAPER route and Teneral news agency
for sale. Address box 4627, Call office.
CORNER saloon, good location; on account of
other business; low price. Albany Brewery.
PROMINENT plumbirg business for sale; es- j
tablished _ years on principal business j
street; price asked is all in stock; good rea-
son for gelling. Box 1712. Call office.
■f.'rlng district; good
chanr- for right i>arty; cheap rent; muft be
told: k.hhJ reason for selling. Apply to DON-
NELLT & BRANNAN, corner Seventh and
Mission sts.
GROCERY and bar; centrally located; doing a
business; ca^h trade; excellent stock; 5
living rooms; owner retiring from business;
rt-nt cheap; no agents. Box 4C49, Call office
HOTEL for sale- 26 rooms. furnished; cost
>; r.-w a.-king $2300. Call at
Third St., get terms and make offer at
once.
VURANT: bargain; receipts $40 to $50 per
d.-iv rent $22 "i>; must sell; disagreement of
parti c of a lifetime. M 7 Becond.
SALOON and lunchhouse wants partner with
.ish; good business: no agents; call and
see. IM Mission *t.. near carhouse. •_
■X Bale, ■ grocery and bar. For parti-
culars call at Washington Brewery.
I old-established groceries and bars;
price $2600 and fl'-'.O. Apply Call ofnee.
A FIJ. 3 restaurant on Manet St.,
. sold rl.eap If tak<-n this week. E. & J. GE TZ.
\gi Sixth st.
FOR SALE— Bakery and notion store cheap.
A. 0.. box 12, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale; best location in Oak-
land; owner has other business. K. D.. box 4,
Call, Oakland.
THE be«t laying cigar and fruit stand in the
city for sale cheap. Apply 9 a lL ofnce "
BARBER shop for sale; paying. Inquire at
:ddy »t.
-XLE— Call route at San Jose; for par-
irs apply at Call business office or to K.
::!:■ I-;, San Jose.
SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS H"i:ki-:i..MANN'. Lorln. Cal.
COFFEE ltd tea routes supplied from GEO.
V.'. fASWRLL & CO.'S. 41.1 Sacramento st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson, Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof. Morse Falls for St. Michaels June 10,
conn<?ctlner with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon, the F. M Smith; unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers: before
making contracts call at general office, 630
Market st.
NEW, Improved cheap processes for treating
refractory low-grade gold ores. Address Pro-
ffssor H. Gilbert Coyle. E. M-, the Baldwin.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. II STEVENS. Mi?r.,
SS and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to BPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beatlng Works. Sf.3-57 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co., 453
Btevenßon st.. tel. S 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3o per yard- relald at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944. , .
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
..Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a yard: t-1 Mission 74.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
Ing. alteration wks. 413 McAllister; Jessie 821.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
i tel. Main 3M. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLWB '■arpet-Bf-atinji: WoHu 333 Golden
ir : tel. East 126.
ATTORNEYS AT L .^U\
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. P\
STACK. 14 McAllister sL, room 6i.
A £, VI £ E £**?'•, no ch * r ** unless miccesefuL
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market »t.
LODGING » /I Si:s FOR SALE.
A— sl2oo; 48-ROOM house, clearing about $125
per month; rent low; 2 blocks north of Mar-
ket at. WILKE, 783 Market st.
A KKEI'O & CO., up to date Brokers, 22»4
Geary st.
285 rooms; clears $400 monthly $5000
105 rooms; elegant; net receipts $3000 4500
60 rooms; Market; best In city 2.W0
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient 2000
30 rooms; Kearny; elegant offices -M»
25 rooms; best on Post; bargain 1550
22 rooms; Powell; transient; "fine 1600
21 rooms; corner Market; clears $100 900
20 rooms; Kearny st. ; corner; clears $75... 1000
17 rooms; Powell; all steady roomers 700
15 rooms; clears $40 monthly 275
12 rooms; Powell; elegant 800
6-room flat; Ellis st. : free rent 250
Hundred of others at your own price.
A— s3so— lo ROOMS: central; coziest little tran-
sient house; O'Farrell St.; clears $75. KREDO
& CO.
A $25(0—42 ROOMS; central corner; clears $150;
exchange for house and lot across the bay.
KREDO & CO., 22% Geary St.. room 29.
MONEY TO LOAN MONEY TO LOAN
On Furniture at 2H per cent
■ Insurance at Cut Rates
14 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel, only $350
15 rooms, Poet st. ; rent $50; flne 850
19 rooms; rent $27: a mor.ey maker 400
20 rooms; rent $55: investigate this 600
2; rooms: rent *-S; Income $100 425
24 rooms: Market St.; brand new 1200
28 rooms; rent $55; part cash 350
WINSTON & CO.. 846 Market st.
9 ROOMS; Golden Gate aye.; rent $80; price $400
II rooms: corner Hvie: rent $37; price MM)
9 rooms on Turk; bargain $350
ISaay terms. 406 Turk st.. room 1.
FIIt.MTIHK FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 4-rocm flat for sale cheap.
2 17 A (Yllingwood st.
| PIANO and furniture of 4 rooms. 6SSH Natoma
i st.; no reasonable offer refused.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A? •»- are selling good upright pianos for $«
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
fame as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $S. $4 and
}5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Ptelnwav dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ft? . San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oak and^
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A Ci-ASE S.
2G 2S and m O'Farrell St. Pianos, organs
end -" other musical Instruments of all
grade* and prl—- Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything posßible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
CLARK WISE & CO., cor. Grnnt aye. and
Geary ' st agents Conover, Klngsbury and
other pianos; opened May 1: new stock: iipe-
clal prices; easy terms; Inspection lnvltea.
"CROWN" piano Is the greatest yet made;
free concerts thi« week at Fresno, VaUeJo.
Kara, 110S and 1223. Oakland, and at HOLK-
ETT BR< »S. & CO.'S I
BECOND-HAND pianos at all _*J««Si*«f?2
extremely accommodating. BE.NJ. C» kia_
& SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell St.. agents for the
Chlckering nnd other pianos^
A STEIN WAY piano for $106; a Chlckering for
$90- examine list of bargains this week. TH_
F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st. _
BOHMBB 4 CO., ny-r-n Mausy, New by. Brans.
Brlggs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 108, 3.0. Sit Pot «fc
NICE Emerson piano, $50; great snap. Room
12. Flood building.
A— s3s; flne rosewood piano In perfect condi-
tion. i3»n Folsom ?t . corner Tenth ;
BEST goods: lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIg, M Market st
BARGAIN S-sl*\ JUS. H»i agency famous
Haines Pros. W. C. HAMILTON. tU Post st :
$SS— ELEGANT walnut upright for sale: $10
down. $3 a month. 221 Leavenwortb at.
GREAT bargains : lacker. Schubert Steinway.
Neuman, others. Hornung's. 21S McAllister.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights $75 up,
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis St.
NEVT olanos rented, $3 per month. SCOTT-
ri'RT'AZ PIANO CO., 560 Pay.- St.
A GOOD uprlent, very cheap. 1« McAllister
St.. next Hiber ia Bank. SCHMITZ.
7-TNABEi pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell St.
SI'PERIOR violins, zithers, old and n«w. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, I Litham place.
6»7 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clny— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wa-rons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
kpt. 827 Sixth St., auction sales every "Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds: 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yar.ls. 22ft Valenr'.n st. T. P. XFWEI.L.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
THREE-QUARTER end sprint, ball bearing
axle, rubber ttre, piano body buggy. Can bo
eeen at O'BRIEN _ SONS', Colden Gate are.
and Polk st.
FINE strong business buggy; must be sold. 709
Ash bury st. *
El ECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installment?; 1 fire top *nd opes
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison at.
615 LA RKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
ASK to see the $12 diamond stud; apk to s«e
the t~ diamond stud, at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant aye.
FOR Pnle— Emptv packing casen. Apply M. A.
GUNST & CO., 203 Kearny st.
$67 50 — PIANO, good condition; $5 down $3 per i
month. 22"i Sutter St.
j!97 50— MAGNIFICENT new upright piano; $10
down. $5 p>er month; guaranteed. 225 Sutter st.
FOR Sale — 3 thoroughbred Great Dane pups.
430 Twenty-ninth Ft.
ST. BERNARD fox terrier pups: champion
pedigree. St. George Kennols, 120 Douglass
St., between Seventeenth anil Eighteenth.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND hose for irrigaMon purposes;
pumps, gasoline engines, etc. H. S. WHITE.
514, 516, 518 Mission st.
GAS fixtures very low: largo assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber wnfshstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl,
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES — New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. JO9-U1 Market, 8. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records, $6 per do*.;
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupl, 983-946 Mikt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
LOST.
LOST— Black pointer bitch pup. Return to
1334 Bush st.: reward: no questions asked.
LOST— Sunday, oxidized silver bracelet, on Sut-
ter st. Return 602 Leavenworth st. Reward.
$75 REWARD-Lost at Camp Richmond yes-
terday afternoon, a green leather purse, sil-
ver mountings; contained diamond Jewelry,
Above reward will be paid to finder on re-
turn to W. C. WISE, 1516 Point Lobos aye.,
or 9 Montgomery^
BUCKSKIN purse containing $30 or $35 in gold
on Unlon-st. cars about 8 o'clock Saturday;
liberal reward. Return to Call office. ■
LOST— Masonic emblem, " set with small dia-
monds. Return to room 509, Safe Deposit
building, and receive reward.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel- white breast; new
collar, wttji blue ribbon. Return to 228 Web-
Bter ft. : reward.
FOUND.
FOUND— On Sunday morning at ferry, a gold
watch with monogram;, owner may have
same by proving property and paying for
advertising. MISS STOKES.; Golden Gate.
Cal.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALlT~typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
YOST good order. $25; send for sample . work.
SCOTT & : BANNAN, 333 Montgomery st.
m __— — PHYSICIANS. ~
nTa~C~ C O'DONNEXIi, office and residence,
12M i/iiket; disease* or women a apeclaltr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 23, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN- — :—: —
You see houses to rent *by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUS & REMMEL, 628 Market st.
HOUSE, 4 rooms and stable; attic; reasonable.
Inquire 820% Jessie St., off Ninth.
LEAVENWORTH. 411— House, 9 rooms, bath.
Inculre of EASTON & ELDRIDGE or 1323
O'Farrell st. .' . . . .
TO let— A lodging-house, 30 rooms,- large rooms:
on Mission st., near Sixth; rent $105. JOHN
PFORR, 403 Pine st. _________
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY. 3628 A —Sunny cottage, 6 rooms, base-
ment; rent $8; rear cottage. ■
$20— COTTAGE, 6 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
2963 Twenty-first St.; key at corner grocery.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
TAYLOR^ ilO^Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 p. m. - .-■-.. ■
A WEEKS news for 5 cents— Weekly
Call, in wrappers, for mailing.
FLATS TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN" ""~ ""~~ ' " :
You gee flats to rent by BALDWIN A
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A SUNNY modern flat, 6 rooms, $1S; 3 rooms,
$10. 1230 Broadway.
ALABAMA, 837, near Twenty-first— Cheap rent,
$8 and $10; 4 and 5 rooms and tytth each.
CALIFORNIA, 2510—2 sunny flats; 4 rooms and
bath each; $17 50 and $16; basement flat, $9.
CLAY, 122»— Five modern sunny rooms and
bath.
CORNER store; 4 rooms and stable; rent $15;
also 4 sunny rooms; gaa and bath; rent $10;
22d-st. cars pass the door. 3851 Twenty-fourth
st., corner of Vlcksburg.
FOUR modern sunny rooms and bath. Twenty-
fifth and Folsom sts.
FLAT to let; 5 sunny rooms, bath, basement,
yard; rent reasonable. 134 Page st.
FULTON, 144— Fine middle flat; 6 rooms; bath;
modern; $30; near City Hall.
GROVE. 145. near City HaU— Elegant top flat;
5 rooms; bath.
HANDSOME new sunny 4-room flat; rent $13 50.
2976 Twenty-third St.. near Harrison.
HARRISON, 2041. opposite Eighteenth— Four
nice sunny rooms to let; rent $10.
HAVES. 547— Modern built upper flat, bay-
window; 7 rooma and bath; key middle floor.
HAVES, B*s— Sunny flat of 8 rooms; bath; large
yard; basement; $25.
IF YOU are looking for a house, cottage or
flat to rent in any part of the Mission, from $10
to $30, call on us. L. A. SOUC & CO., 465-
467 Valencia St., near Sixteenth.
LINDEN aye.. 472, Hayes Valley— Upper flat of
4 rooms; sunny side; $9.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat, 7 rooms; bath;
rent $30. Key 728. .
MCALLISTER, 2048— Sunny bay window flat, 5
rooms and bath; rent $15.
MODERN flats 7 and 8 rooms, bath, etc; Va-
lencia, st. near Sixteenth $2* and $30 rents
Modern flats 7 and 8 rooms, bath, etc; new;
Mission st., noar Sixteenth. s2s and $27 50 rents
Modern flats 6 rooms, bath; corner Six-
teenth and Church sts $?2 50 rent
Modern flats 8 rooms, bath, corner Twen-
tieth and Valencia sts $27 50 rent
Modern flats 6 rooms, bath; Valencia, near
Twenty-sec>nd st $18 rent
Modern flats 4 and 5 rooms, bath; Erie st .
between Mission and Howard.. ls and $16 rent
Apply to L. A. SOl'C & CO., 465 and 4C7 Va-
lencia St., near Sixtenth.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply 111 Liberty st.
PINK, 12:s, near Hyde— 2 flats In flrst-claas or-
der; rent $16 and $18.
POLK, 1710, near Clay — New bay-window sun-
ny flat; 7 rooms and bath; $25.
SANCHEZ, 489, corner Eighteenth— Flat of 5
rooms and bath; $12.
THIRTEENTH. 409 H. above Valencia— An up-
per flat, S rooms; bath; yard.
TV\ KXTY-NINTH, 442, near Noe— Flat; 5
rooms and bath; $12. .
VALENCIA, 706— 5 sunny rooms and bathroom;
rent $15.
$14— FLAT: 5 rooms. 5 Jane place, off Pine St.,
between Mason and Taylor.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want nds taken.
FURNISHED FLATS.
KEARNT, 20$— Furnished flat of S rooms for
light housekeeping; $2".
ROOMS FOR HOLSKKKEI'IXU.
! EIGHTH, 246— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms,
from $6 up.
FIFTH. 314— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; bath; stove; closet; gink; water; $11.
FIFTH. ?,?2 Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH. 353, formerly 325— Furnished housekeep-
ing; 2 parlors: kitchen; bath; $22; also 1. $7.
FOLSOM, 739 — Nice sunny housekeeping rooms,
II 7.1 and up; single room fc.r $1.
FOURTH, 4U— 2 rooms and 1 large room for
housekeeping; J9 and $6 per month.
FRANKLIN, 214, corner— 3 or 4 sunny rooms;
bath; housekeeping If desired; reasonable.
FULTON. 116— Two large rooms for housekeep-
ing; also single room; sunny; cheap.
GEARY, 1812 M. —3 comfortable furnished rooms
for housekeeping: $15.
GEARY. 1917— For adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, 'two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; $20.
GOLDEN GATE, R2O-- 3 sunny rooms, bay-
window; furnished for housekeeping.
HARRISON, 61S— 4 fine sunny unfurnished
rooms, 2 upstairs; stove; $11 to quiet adults.
HOWARD, 8198, The Hanover— 2 furnished
housekeeping rooms, $10 per month.
LEAVENWORTH, 1015—3 connecting unfur-
nished basement rooms and bath; $10.
MARKET. 1028 Large sunny front rourn and
kitchen, folding bed, $14; 3 rooms, $10.
McALLISTER. 340—2 sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
McALLISTER. 402. corner Polk— Two nicely
furnished front rooms; housekeeping; terms
reasonable.
MINNA. 734— Front room and kitchen for
housekeeping; no children.
MISSION, 91M4 Completely furnished sunny
front housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
NATOMA, 645 — Three sunny furnished rooms;
complete for housekeeping; rent $12 month.
NINETEENTH. 4059. near Castro— Elderly Gerl
man lady wishes Rmall family to take part of
flat; near car lines.
PROSPECT place, 123, near California, bet
Stockton and Powell— l to 4 rooms, bath, com-
plete housekeeping, $4 to $15; private German
family.
SEVENTH, 160— Large unfurnished front
room; $8.
STEVENSON, 622— Two neatly furnished sun-
ny rooms and the us* of the kitchen.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; first floor; front; bath. gaa.
TURK, "»4S — Large front rooms, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $12 and $15.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Most elegant, sunny cor.
flat; 3 rooms and bath; complete for house-
keeping; no children; all front rooms.
VAN NESS. 1021. nr. Geary St.— Front sunny
suite, $22 50; one suite for $15; gas range.
«5 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The La...
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
OAKLAND HOI'SEKEEPINC ROOMS.
EIGHTH. 60S, near Broadway Station— 2 sunny
front rooms, complete for housekeeping.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 2ic; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en Buite and single; first-class
tn every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-719— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day. week or month.
AT 2H2 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Elegant rooms; reason-
able rates; bath; gas; elevator; very central.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY. 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $6 a month and up.
EDDY, 761— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath; gas; private family; very reasonable.
EIGHTII, 108— Pleasant sunny rooms, $1 20 per
week and up.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
GEARY, 622— Elegant front sunny bay-window
parlors; also other rooms; bath, gas.
GEARY, 721— Large handsomely furnished al-
cov* roam, suitable for 2 geutiemen; reaenbl*.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GLC)B_~Tious»rB2l Howard-Per nightT^sc~to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GREEN, 716— Light sunny room, furnished, $6
per month. _____^_
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAVES, 22— Unfurnished room to let, $3 per
month. Apply upstairs.
HOWARD, 959— A nice sunny room In a quiet
family for a young man; $4 a month.
GUERRERO. 1152— Sunny bay-window front
aloova room, well furnished; cheap.
LARKIN, 1200— Sunny front rooms in private
family; rent $4 per month and upwards.
MASON, 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $S; suites.
$4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
MISSION. 1226— Nice large sunny parlor, piano;
running water; bath: suitable 2; $10 month.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished rooms, $1 per
week; housekeeping rooms.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, |1 per week.
O'FARRELL, 210 A— Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished, $10; sunny single room, $7.
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms. 75c
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
POST, 216 — 3 connecting s*unny rooms, suitable
for offices or otherwise.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class in every respect. JIRS. M. SCHULZ.
POWELL, 509— Elegantly furnished sunny front
room; also housekeeping rooms.
POWELL, «12— Private family has a front room
to let; newly furnished ; reasonable.
SECOND, 62— Nice clean single, double and
light housekeeping rooms, $1 a week up.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 804. near Post— Newly furnished
sunny suite, suit, man and wife; also single.
SUTTER. 1111— Nicely furnished rooms; single
or en suite: also housekeeping; reasonable.
TURK. 405— Sunny suites, double and single
rooms; also 3 front connecting rooms com-
plete housekpg; range: bath; running water.
TAYLOR. 109— Sunny double room with sep-
arate bods. $10; sunny single room. $1 50.
VAN N~PS aye.. W -Sunny newly furnished
rooms, electric lights, bath, with board;
terms moderate.
MONTGOMERY, -.27. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want tuls taken.
ROOMS A.«D BOARD.
EDDY 626 flrvingdsle)— Lovely rooms; select
table: nice locatn; suits, $40 up; single, $20 up.
ELLIS. 518— Nicely furnished rooms, best
board; $20 per month.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
SOUTH PARK. 15»— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
• SUTTER. 1128— Sunny suite; single rooms: first-
class board: large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
THE Oriel — With or without board; new. ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st.
suites, with board for 2. $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye., Bf>s— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board: a
mother's care; references. 234^ Sixth st.
STORES TO LET.
NICE large store to let at 623 Post St.; rent
$20.
STORE and three living rooms; rent $10. 2943
Mission st.
STORE or factory, well lighted middle, all
over; 25x1f0 or part. 619 Howard st.
OFFICES TO LET.
SIXTH 43. corner Mission (Esmond House) —
3 rooms occupied by Dr. Henry Sylvester for
12 years aa dental parlors; 4 rooms occupied
by " Dr. M. Krotozyner. physician an J sur-
geon, for 10 years.
FINE partly furnished offices. 901 Sutter st.,
corner Leavenworth.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C enly Pr. and Mrs. M. Pavtes,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; sa'e and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. PAVIF.S. 59 McAllister
st.; pills. $1; very strong, }2; cure, $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure: no danger at after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price fl 50 per r».x. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; mnsulftlon on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. $3
Grant aye.. S. F. A Caution— before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process; a great pmgress In medical
science for female trouble: no matter from
what cause; no medicine or Instruments
used: restores in one day without fail; every
woman her own physician ; every case guar-
anteed: consultation free; can be sent and
used at home; by the well known DR. POP-
PER, 318 Kt»rny st. ; pills and capsules, $1.
DRS. GOODWIN nukes a tp^clalty of diseases
of women; Irregularities from any cause re-
stored In one day, or no charge; restores
strength and vigor of organ unexcelled; ma-
ternity home; best medical attendance; low
fees; cure, $5: pUls, $1; when others fall,
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
McAllister st.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
tncatUy irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
home in confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to S. MR9.
DR. WYETH, 20S Turk st., near Jones.
4. SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk St.. nr. Len-venworth.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of,, monthly irregularities, from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home in confinement: consult free; hours lOto
6 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
LADIES, Chlchester 1 * English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mail: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
DR and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with every
comfort • best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
DR. WISE'S private sanitarium, 307 Jones st.
;ormerly of 800 Kearny and late of Belvtew
Hospital N. V. ; diseases of women; advice
free, experienced lady attendant.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Se^uro; price
$1 50; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st. ; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 631 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
femaie troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. P. ; don't delay until too late.
OSQOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium, 1412 Mason st.; pri-
vate home In confinement; competent physi-
cians and nurses; trms. reas. Powell-st. cars.
ELECTRICAL treatments: cures all monthly
Irregularities; no medicine: no pain; lady at-
tendant; hours 9-4. 7-8. 2208^ JMlsslon st.
IiRS DONOVAN. 1306 Folsom st., takes ladies
at her home In th<"lr confinement; terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential.
DR. HALU 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
women and children.
LA^IES^Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible safe rem-
edies: 38 years' experience. 254,6 Fourth Bt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branches:
electrical civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892: catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low in Mathematics, V. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley: write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay archit. ; day & eve.:
est. 1884. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tan's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 672, 865 Market st.
SHORTHAND; to write 100 words a minute;
taught In one month; terms }10. 712 Van Ness.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the unl-
verslty. law and medical colleges. Phelan hdg.
BICYCLES.
WANTED— Bicycle: second hand; state prlc«,
eta Box 4661, Call.
MATRIMONY.
ALL seeking marriage send 12c for May "Wed-
ding Bell." 18 pgs. : 676 gents; 423 ladles; no $5
fee. EDITOR, 111 Ellla st., San Francisco. Cal.
BUSINESS IERSOSALS.
NO extra charge for dressing your hair in the
very latest style; price 2oc only: good
switches, fl; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $5. Open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
QUINONIA Is the most perfect hair tonic
made; try it. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
COSTLESB clothes— Clothes made to order;
clothes that fit; clothes that Jar the high
priced tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS. 920 Broadway. Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to »6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
trained nurse. Office heated. 679 Geary at.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the Vnited
Strifes or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
free.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st.. rra. SB.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market Bt.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will chow you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burie property; locates treasure*,
minerals; tells your entire life, rast, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to B p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail, fiend stamp for circular with
special terms. MRrf. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st.
MME. DE AMBRY, medium and card reader;
ladles only: no triflers. 315*4 O'Farrell st.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 2Be up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card-reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st.. room ?.
MME. BYBTLLE, cradle tc grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 911 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
fession; never falls; advice; help. 929 Poet st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. SEELY'S grand test meeting to-night.
1133 Mission st. : tests to all: 10c.
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister; tel. Jessle,9sB.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, cari
reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
GO to MRS. MICHAEL for the best card read-
er: ladles only. 53 Albion aye.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
Ings $1; cir. Tueß., Fri.. 2 p. m. ; Sat., 8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
ASTROLOGY— Your fortune by your name; oc-
cult science. 91H4 Mission et.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123V4 Sixth St., room 2.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-wrltlng me-
dium. lIS Halght st.
PALMISTRY.
CHARACTER described. Send 23c (stamps),
and date of birth to "Astro." box 4599. Call.
MRS. CHANDLER; readings Tues., Thurs.,
Sat. Nt hall. 305 Larkin st. ; Mon.. Wed., Frl.
residence. 35S Geary Pt.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute, 402% Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued: diseases and habits cured.
PROPOSALS.
TREASURY Department, Washington, D. C,
May 13, IS98 — Sealed proposals will be re-
ceived at this department until 2 o'clock p.m.,
Wednesday, June 22. IS9S. for manufacturing
and placing In position In the United States
building, San Francisco, Cal., certain quar-
tered white oak furniture. Drawings, specifi-
cations and blank forms of proposal can be
obtained upon application to the custodian,
custom house, San Francisco, Cal. The right
to reject any and all bids, and to waive de-
fects, is reserved. Proposals should be ad-
dressed to the Secretary of the Treasury,
Washington, D. C, and indorsed: "Proposals
for Furniture, San Francisco, Cal." O. L.
SPAULDING, Assistant Secretary.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Purguant to an
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School of San Diego, California, no-
tice is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 1C o'clock
a. m. of June 24, IS9S, for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor necessary
for the erection and completion of the cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building.
Separate proposals will be received and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of said
building, to wit: 1, For the masonry work,
including all brick, concrete and cement
work and all necessary excavations and fill-
ing- 2 for the iron work; 3, for the carpenter,
pluite'rlng. electric and glazing work; 4. for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work; ». for tht
tinning and galvanized Iron work, 6, far
painting and varnishing.
No proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied with a bond of such proposer,
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that If his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter Into a proper con-
Each proposal must be made on blanks
furnished tor that purpose, and, together
with the above-mentioned bond, inclosed In
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of San Diego, with an
Indorsement thereon showing what portion of
the building is covered by the inclosed pro-
posal and delivered to the Merchants' Na-
tional Bank of San Diego, California, before
10 o'clock a. m. of June 24. 1898.
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
contracts based thereon will be made on
June 24, IS9B. at 10 o'clock a. m., at room 35,
Fisher Opera-house block. In San Diego, Cali-
fornia.
The contractors to whom contracts are
awarded will be required to file with said
board a good and sufficient bond to the
amount of 25 per cent of the contract price
for the faithful and proper performance of
his contract.
The plans and specifications of said build-
Ing can be seen during business hours at the
office of Hebbard & Gill, architects. Grant
building, San Diego, California.
The Board of Trustees reserves the right
to reject any or all proposals made.
State Normal School of San Diego, Cali-
fornia
By W R. GUT, President Board Trustees.
Attest: ROBERT C. JONES. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Hardware, plumbers' mater-
ials lumber, paints, oils, etc., furniture, fuel,
stovepipe, stationery, library books, physical,
chemical and other apparatus ami supplies,
printing, lithographing, etc.— Sealed proposals
will be received by the Superintendent of
Common Schools in open session of the Board
of Education, on Wednesday. May 23. IS9B. at
4:30 o'clock P- m.. for furnishing the School
Department of this city and county during
the fiscal year 1898-99 with hardware, plumb-
ers' materials, lumber, paints, oils, etc., fur-
niture fuel, stovepipe, stationery, library
books.' etc., and for doing the printing and
lithographing required during the said fiscal
year, in accordance with specifications at th«
office of the Board of Education. City Hall.
The parties to whom contracts are awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of
execution of the contracts, to pay their pro-
portion of the cost of advertising.
CHAS. W. WELCH. Secretary.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
June 7, 189S, and publicly opened Imme-
diately thereafter, to furnish at the Mare
Ifland Navy Yard the daily supply of fresh
beef, fresh vegetables, fresh bread, biscuit,
ice nntl provender for the fiscal year ending
June SO. 1899. Blank proposals will be fur-
nished upon application to the Commandant
of the Navy Yard or to the Navy Pay Offlea,
San Francisco, Cal. EDWIN STEWART,
Paymaster General, U. S. N. 5-7-98.
!.i;<. \l. NOTICES.
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to the
statute in such case made and provided, no-
tice Is hereby given that the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-
way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way Company and the California Pacific
Railroad Company, railroad corporations in-
corporated and existing under the laws of
the State of California, upon the written con-
sent of the stockholders holding more than
three-fourths 1n value of all the stock of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors of
said corporations, made and entered into in
accordance with such consent, and pursuant
to the statute In such case made and pro-
vided did, on the 14th day of April, A. D.
1895 amalgamate and consolidate their capital
stock, debts, property, assets and franchises
under the corporate name and style of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
J. L. WILLCUTT,
Secretary of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company.
Ban Franclnco, Cal., May I, 1891
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
SMALL well Improved ranch near to town; a
bargain for cash; must sell. Box 4650. Call.
WRITE for list: good land, ?10 and $20 an acrs.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, Shasta Co., Cal.
■•; LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEA7?T?F^L^iO^tES^TN"LXRTSptjRr~^~
t, Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 4s minute*
3 from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. lit Market St.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
RAILROAD hotel, furnished; sell, lease, cheap;
see It at once. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broad-
way, Oakland.
$5 MONTHLY will bu- a neat 3-room . cottage
with lot 50x125 In the Alvin Tract, near Elm-
hurst; only 45 minutes from San Francisco;
price $450; local trains ' Stop hourly at the
property. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery.
Oakland HOUSES TO let.
HOUSES" TcTIET iJrOAKLAKTX "
Corner cottage, 5 r00m5. .................... .|T7
Lower sunny flat, 6 rooms ..11
Upper modern flat. 6 rooms 14
2-story neat 6-room house 18
i Choice sunny 8-rooxn house 23
10-room residence, fine 60
These and many more, both larger and
smaller. WM. M.DEWOLF. 1053 Broadway.
SUNNY Frultvale— Beautiful furnished flat for
gentleman and wife; near train; healthy lo-
cation; reasonable. Add. "Home," Frultvale.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED— For rent at Piedmont; comfort-
able home of eight rooms and bath; large
and very attractive grounds, stable, etc.:
rent for a term of months or a 3 - ear: rental
moderate and includes care of grounds : als'<
cow If desired. HERON & HOLCOMB, 1030
Broadway, Oakland.
COMPLETELY furnished for housekeeping:
choicest location on Oakland Heights; will
rent for $30 a month; three, four or five
months. JAMES S. NAISMITH, 464 Ninth st.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE. 562 Eighth «t
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
HARRTPON. 855— Two furnished rooms suitable
for light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
OAKLAND rfoOMS.
LADY having large house and grounds, 5 min-
utes' walk from Berkeley train, would like
two gentlemen to occupy large room, with
board; terms reasonable. Address V. r box
10. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
FHfKI.LHAAS' old wtnre. 408 Eleventh St.
alamedlTdvertTsementl
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IN Alameda, on a main thoroughfore, three
blocks west of Park St., lot 60x140, modern
cottage, 6 rooms and bath, $2200; $1700 can
remain flat or installments at 7H per cent;
make offer. HERON * HOLCOMB, 1050
Broadway, Oaklajid.
MUST be sold; owner absent; no reasonable
offer refused: a 2-flnt handsome building;
tunny corner; Alameda; splendid artesian
water. Apply to MRS. NASH, 2033 Eagle aye.,
Alameda, between Willow and Chestnut sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 60 night: $1 50 to $8
week; convenient ~nd respectable; free 'bus
snd rfleeracre to and from fer -y-
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
TO let— Fine 6-room house; good location: $16.
J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IMPROVED property across the bay; sell
chpap or exchange. See ISAACS, 409 O'Far-
*el! St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. x
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUG AN & CO.. 230 Kearny st.. upstairs.
ANY amount at 6V. per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Me-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
HIGHLY respectable ana private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st.: tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
$100,000 TO loan on Income city property; $10.-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN. 1405 Call bidg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & C0.,3!S Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, SOB California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. :
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates: no com.: private, lift McAllister st.
MONEY MASTED.
M<~>r>KßN residence wanted: 7 to 10 moms:
north or west side of street on Pacific or
Presidio Helphts: rost not to exceed $8000;
state price and details. Address box 4659, Call.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS m real estate, bends, etc.: lowest
rates. McAFTCE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st.. bet. Market and Eddy.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, |6; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work palpless and irranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists; painless extraction;
teeth, per set, $5 up; gold filllnjt. 75c up; sil-
ver, 25c up; old plates made over, $1 up; all
work warranted; open evenlnits and Sundays.
969 Mission st., cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made, old plates i ade over like new; teeth
from 18 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of lmpmved bridge work or teeth
t. ithout plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAI* VROOM Electro Dental Tirlors; full set
of teeth, $6 up; fllllnes, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR. LUELLA COOL. 651 Sutter; crowns, $5;
aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and P. TEAOUB.
removed to Call bldg., «th floor, mv. 603-607.
ALL wori reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market at.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
paid.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be endorsed with the name and residence of
parties authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BARNETT— In this city. May 16, 1898, to the
wife of Charles Barnett, a son.
MARRIED.
WRIXON— DEVOTA— In this city, May 22. at
St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev. Father
Prendergast. William P. Wrlxon of San
Francisco and Ray Devota of El Dorado,
Calaveras County, Cal.
nuu».
Bauer, John C. Longmore, Alfred C.
Bernard. Johanna C. Low. Joel B.
Blake, Timothy E. McCracken, Mary
Bree, John H. McGinn. Annie M.
Bushnell. Eliza B. McGoldrick, Daniel
Cox, Stephen McMahon, Catherine
Crow, Guadalupe McManus, Frank
Delehenty, William Parsons, Mary E.
Pesbeck, John Payne, Nanis M.
Dnroey, Margaret Rehm, Elisabeth
Fiuiey, Nicholas Stromberg. Lillle M.
Frichette. Margaret Swain. Rinaldo R.
Herbert. Mary M. Wettstein, Edward
Kelly, Mary A. Williams, Gustaf
BAT-ER— ln Victoria, B. C. May 21, 1898 John
Christian, beloved husband of Carrie Bauer,
and father of George W.. C. J. and Carrie-
Bauer, a native of Wurtemberg. Germany,
aged 62 years and 6 months.
E7Notice of funerul hereafter.
BERNARD— In this city, May 21, 1898, Jo-
hanna Charlotta, wife of John F. Bernara.
a native of Stockholm, Sweden.
(CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Mon-
day), at 2:30 o'clock, at the Second New
Jerusalem Church, corner Washington and
Lyon streets. Interment private.
BLAKE— In this city, May 22, 1898, Timothy
Edward, beloved son of Timothy E. Blake,
a native of San Francisco, aged 6 months and
17 days.
BREE— In this city, May 22, 1898, John H.
Bree. brother of Thomas W. Bree, Mrs. E.
F. Nell and Mrs. E. Cavanaugh, a native of
Boston, Mass., aged 4S years and 6 months.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where serv-
ices will be held for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BUSHNELI In this city. May 20. 1898, Eliza
B. Bushnell, beloved mother of Edwin W
Bushnell and Mrs. Alice E. Bradley of Sal
Francisco and Mrs. Grace A. Peck of Glo»
versville, N. V., a native of Westbrook.
Conn., aged 80 years. (Connecticut papers
please copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 312S Twenty-third street. Interment
private, Masonic Cemetery.
COX— In this city, May 21. 1898. Stephen Cox.
a native of Nova Scotia, aged 53 years.
CTRemains at the parlors or J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street.
CROW— In this cltv. May 22, IS9S. Guadalupe.
beloved wife of G. M. Crow, and mother of
Mrs. H. Hartley. Mrs. M. Harkness of Salt
Lak« City. Mrs. George Lay Harvey. Harry
and Charley Crow and the late Emlllen,
O'Brien, a native of Monterey, aged 61 years
5 months and 10 days. (Watsonvllle and Sa-
linas City papers please copy.)
ETVFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
fTuesdav). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DELEHENTY— In this city, May 22, I&9S, Wil-
liam, son of Mary and the late William
Delehenty, and brother of Thomas, Edward
and George Delehenty, a native of San Fran-
ciso, aged 32 years.
GTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street.
DESBECK— May 19. 1898, John Desbeck. a na-
tive of New York City, aged 49 years.
DURNEY— In this city. May 15. 1898. Margaret
E., relict of the late Alfred F. Durney, and
beloved mother of Mrs. Thomas H. Brady,
a native of Queens County, Ireland.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2228 Geary street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem mass will b»
celebrated for the repose of her soul, at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
Please omit flowers.
FINLEY— In this city, May 22, 1898, Nicholas
Finley, beloved father of Minnie. John, Jamei
and Annie Finley, a native of Kilkenny, Ire-
land, aged 68 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlor*
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thenoe to Sacred Heart Church, where a mas*
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FRICHETTE— In this city, May 22, 189 S. Mar-
garet M., wife of Louis D. Frichette, mother
of Louis J., Sadie A., Lawrence D., Nellie
V. and the late James A. Frichette, and pis-
ter, of James Ross, a native of Scotland, aged
52 years.
\pf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 89 Powell avenue. Interment Cypresa
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
HERBERT— In this city, May 22, 1898, Mary
M. ( beloved wife of John H. Herbert, and
mother of Charles, George A. and Albert
Herbert, a native of Baltimore, aged 63 years.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Central
Methodist Church, Mission street, near Sixth.
Interment Baltimore.
KELLY— In this city. May 22. IS9B, Mary Ann,
relict of the late Peter Kelly, and sister of
Catherine McSwidpan, Mrs. A. J. McCaffrey
and Mrs. L. Battles a native of County Ty-
* rone, Ireland, aged 65 years. (Philadelphia
papers please copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funpral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from 1206 Grov»
Btreet, thence to Sacred Heart Church, wher*
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment private.
LONGMORE— In this city, May 22. 1898, Alfred
Christopher Longmore, a native of Ireland,
aged 74 years 11 months and 22 days.
LOW— In this city. May 21. 1898. Joel Bacon,
beloved husband of Mary Mowatt Low. and
father of Joey Low, a native of Lowville,
Pa., aged 73 years 1 month and 21 days.
C 7" The funeral services will be held
this day (Monday), at 1 o'clock, at the family
residence, 2203 Sutter street. Interment pri-
vate.
McCRACKEN— In this city. May 20. 1898. Mary
McCracken, a native of San Francisco, aged
32 years.
(ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 668 Brannan street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McGINN— In this city, May 22, 1893, Annie M-,
beloved wife of George McGinn, mother of
Joseph A., George F., Leo J., Allen L.,
Thomas P. and Ignatius McGinn, and sis-
ter of J. R., P. F. and T. P. Skelly. Mrs.
S. F. Crozier, Mrs. T. McLaughlin and Mrs.
F. Diagleto, a native of Dublin, Ireland,
aged 51 years 10 months and 25 days.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow |
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her lat»
residence, 20' i Twelfth street, thence to St. ]
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery-
McGOLDRICK— In this city, May 21, 1898, at
the residence of his brother-in-law, Daniel
Giblen, 1820 Franklin street, corner Pine. Dan-
iel, dearly beloved husband of the late Wini-
fred McGoldrick, father of Daniel, Mary, Nel-
lie, Georgie and Winifred McGoldrick, and
beloved brother of Patrick and William Mc-
Goldrick and Mrs. Daniel Giblen, a nativ*
of Sligo, Ireland, aged 52 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from IK2O Franklin street, thenc*
to St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soui. commencing at »
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
McMAHON— In this city. May 21, IS9B. Cath-
erine Claire, dearly beloved daughter of
Henry J. and Katie McMahon. a native of |
San Francisco, aged 4 years 6 months and 2»
days. (New York City and San Jose, Cal.,
papers please copy.)
JCT'Frlendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 612 Natoma street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McMANT'S— In the City and County Hospital.
May 22. IS9^. Frank McManus, a native of
Ireland, aged 41 years.
PARSONS— In St. Helena, Cal., May 22. 1898,
Mary E.. beloved wife W. C. Parsons, a na-
tive of New York, aged 45 years 11 monthf
and 14 days. (Arizona papers please copy.)
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of W. C. Doane. 2S Hill street, betweea
Valencia and Guerrero. Interment private.
PAYNE— In this city, entered into rest. May
22, 1898, Nanie M.. wife of Rev. E. B.
Payne, aged 49 years.
EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 4 o'clock, at CypreM
Lawn Chapel, by the Rev. A. J. Wells of th«
Second Unitarian Church, San Francisco.
REHM— In this city. May 22. 1898, Elizabeth,
dearly beloved wife of Jacob Rehm, dearly
beloved mother of Michael Rehm. Mrs.
Charles Gantner and Jacob. Christopher,
Catharlna. Elizabeth and Clara Rehm. and
sister of Carl, MK-hael and Jacob Lutz and
Mrs. William Roller, a native of Grenstadt,
Rhelnpfalz. Germany, aged 45 years 9 month*
and 14 days. (San Jose papers please copy.)
(E7Frlend«i and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day May 25. at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2307 Taylor street, near Francisco.
STROMBERG— May 22. I*9B, Lillie May. bo-
loved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Strom-
berg aged 18 years and 18 days.
SWAIN-In Berkeley. May 22. IS9«, Hlnaldo
R. Swain, a native of New York, aged 7«
years and 8 months.
(CPNotice of funeral hereafter.
WETTSTEIN— In this city, May 20. 1898, Ed-
ward A . dearly beloved husband of Rnsa
Wettstein. father of Edward and Fred "Wett-
stein, and brother of Mrs. Joe Tresch Mrs.
John Michel, Mrs. Albin Furrer and Michael
Wettrtein a native of Andermatt, Canton
Url Switzerland, aged 25 years 5 months and
12 days A members of Helvetia Verein.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 4SOO Mission road, thence to St. Anto-
nia's Church, Army and Folsom streets,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
WILLIAMS— In this city. May 21. 1898, Gustaf,
beloved father of Willie Williams, a native of
Finland, aged 58 years.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, jj
FDNEKAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMESS I
20 NITH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. ;
Telephone, South 80. I
IH. B. m'atot. Manager. a
JVXcfW/OY «Jfe CO., |
JTUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBHMk I
1236 Market St., between Bth and ath. |
Telephone, SouthjiT. |
1112
TEN STRONG REASONS WHY THE
CHARTER SHOULD BE OPPOSED
Garret McEnerney, as an Attorney, Tells Why the City Govern
ment Would Be Injured by Adopting the
Proposed Measure.
It Gives Unparalleled Powers to the Mayor — It Doubles the Number of
Elections and It Fails to Make Many Necessary
Provisions.
Recognizing the ability of
he~was requested by The Call
the advisability of adopting the
as follows:
The proposed charter is open to the follow
ing objections, among others:
1. It gives unparalleled powers to the Mayor,
who is made, for all practical purposes, an
autocrat.
2. It allows the Mayor to suspend, and the
Board of Supervisors to remove, elected officers.
8. It doubles the number of our elections,
making them annual, at an unnecessary cost of
ninety thousand dollars and more per annum.
4. No provision is made for registering
voters for the municipal elections to be held un
der the charter.
5. The Board of Public Works, the Board of
Health, the Board of Park Commissioners and
other heads of various departments are author
ized to employ subordinates without number at
salaries without limit.
6. There is no adequate provision for the
custody of the moneys in the treasury.
7. The tax levy is required to be fixed before
the assessment roll is completed.
8. The new provisions in relation to the
Police Courts are unwise and pernicious.
9. The provisions relating to civil service
are a promise to the ear to be broken to the
hope, for they are manifestly unconstitutional.
10. The question of when the charter takes
effect is certain to give rise to great confusion
and litigation.
It gives unparalleled powers to the
Mayor, who is made, for all practical
purposes, an autocrat.
The annual cost of conducting the
municipal government is over five mil
lion dollars. The Mayor Is authorized
to appoint the heads of the departments
of the city government through which
from three and one-half to four millions
•will be expended anually. These offi
cers, though their tenure is fixed by the
charter, nevertheless hold at the pleas
ure of the Mayor. The charter provides
that any appointed officer may be re
moved by the Mayor, who shall notify
the Board of Supervisors of the removal
and furnish a statement of the cause
(Article XVI, sections 18, 20; p. 142).
Every appointed officer, therefore, holds
at the will and pleasure of the Mayor.
He can be removed when it pleases the
Mayor to remove him, and the suf
ficiency of the reasons are not open to
review.
In his letter published in your Issue
of Friday, Mr. John T. Doyle points out
that the power of removal secured by
this provision involves eight hundred
employes of the city government. In
the Examiner of to-day. Dr. E. R. Tay
lor, one of the freeholders, makes the
claim that when the charter says the
Mayor may remove "any appointed of
ficer" it means any officer appointed by
the Mayor. If it means that, it does
not say it. A deputy is as much an of
ficer as his principal; so that if the pro
vision limits the removal to heads of
departments, it is because the charter
means something which it does not say.
But, concede that the Mayor has no
power to remove the subordinates of an
appointed officer, confessedly he can re
move the principal. The principal can
remove his subordinates at pleasure.
Section 21 of Article XVI (p. 142) pro
vides that every principal may re
move his appointees unless otherwise
provided. Dr. Taylor claims that under
the civil service provision (d. 131)
appointees cannot be removed except
for cause, upon written charges and
after trial. I expect to show under an.
other heading that this provision has
been three times declared unconstitu
tional by the Supreme Court of this
State.
So that, whether the Mayor can
directly remove the subordinate of an
appointed officer or not cuts little fig
ure. He can remove the principal as
a matter of caprice, and can force the
removal of the subordinate vnder a
threat to remove the principal if the sub
ordinate is not removed.
The principal departments of the city
government over which the Mayor
has this absolute authority, with the
amounts appropriated for their mainte
nance dur'nc the current year, are:
The School Department. $1,200,000; the
Street Department and th» Surveyor's
office (absorbed by the Board of Public
Works), $568,000- the Fire Department,
$646,200; the Police Department. $773.
898; the Park Commissioners. $207,000;
the Health Department, $265,300.
Whatever arpruments may be ad
vanced in support of the appointment
by the Mayor of a very considerable
number of th<> heads of the departments
of a municipality, no argument can
be adduced in support of such power
whpre the officers appointed hold at
the will and pleasure of the Mayor, ex
cept that Rovernment by the people In
municipalities has proved a failure and
■we must now resort to a strong one
man government.
11.
It allows the Mayor to suspend,
and the Board of Supervisors to re
move, elected officers.
The charter provides (Article XVI,
Sections 18 and 19) that any elected
•filler, except Supervisor, may be bus-
Garret W. McEnerney as an attorney,
a few days ago to give an opinion on
proposed new charter. His reply is
pended by the Mayor and removed by
the Supervisors for cause. The Mayor
suspends the officer, and may fill his
place while he stands suspended. There
Is no provision limiting the period of
suspension. It is quite possible under
the charter to suspend him for the re
mainder of his term. It is true that the
Mayor is required to immediately call
a session of the Supervisors to hear the
charges, hut there Is no provision which
requires them to complete the hearing
at once or to decide the case at once.
They may keep it dallying for weeks
and months. In the meantime the
Mayor's appointee fills the vacancy
and removes the subordinates if he
likes.
The great objection to this power is
■ that It enables the Mayor and the Su
j pervisors to remove persons elected by
! the people. There are ample provis
ions now for the removal of officers if
■ they violate their duties, but the provis
j lons now secure accused officers the
i privilege of a trial in court before an
Impartial tribunal. They do not turn
j him over to the mercies of a ploltical
i party, which may be unfriendly to him
or which he defeated at the last elec
tion.
Furthermore, this power in the Mayor
! and Supervisors would enable them to
! get rid of an Auditor and a Treasurer
| who stood In the way of a possible raid
i upon the treasury. If we ever have the
I misfortune to have a Mayor and a
I Board of Supervisors who have loose
| ideas about the expenditure of public
I moneys their way to the public treas
: ury is clear. They can suspend Treas
! urer and Auditor, appoint persons who
entertain the point of view which they
hold, and the safeguards of the treas
! ury are gone. It should be a cardinal
j rule in municipalities that the Auditor
and Treasurer are Independent to the
very highest degree of every other offi
cer of the municipality. They should
be responsible to the people who elect
them and to the courts. This provision
is essential to the welfare and security
of good government, more than to the
mere security of the officers mentioned.
ni.
It doubles the number of our elec
tions, making them annual, at an un
necessary cost of ninety thousand
dollars and more per annum.
An election in San Francisco costs
over $180,000. That of 1896 cost $195,
556 78 (Auditor's report, 1897, pp. 20
and 21). Independent of this, the fre
quency of elections is one at the curses
of the country; and yet the Board of
Freeholders, in framing the charter,
not only did not studiously endeavor to
render them less frequent, but on the
contrary doubled their number.
The even-numbered years are given
over to presidential and gubernatorial
elections. Immediately upon the adop
tion of the constitution in 1879 the Leg
islature provided for the election of
all county and city and county officers
at the time of the presidential and
gubernatorial elections in the even
numbered years. So that, for nearly
twenty years, we have had our munic
ipal elections in even-numbered years
and have been free from the worry and
expense of them in odd-numbered
ones. By the charter the municial
elections are required to be held in No
vember of the odd-numbered years.
Consequently, In every four years we
will have- one gubernatorial, one presi
dential and two municipal elections in
stead, as now, of one Joint guberna
torial and municipal election and one
joint presidential and municipal elec
tion. In other words, we will have two
additional elections every four years,
and those two elections will cost $360,
000 and more. We will have, by the
operation of the charter, an unneces
sary expense of $90,000 and over per
annum, not counting the turmoil and
excitement which unsettle business and
entail injury and loss.
IV.
No provision is made for register
ing voters for the municipal elections
to be held under the charter.
How the framers of the charter ex
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 23, 1898.
pect to hold a municipal election In
each odd-numbered year without reg
istering the voters therefor passes
comprehension, and yet they have
totally failed to make any provision
for the registration of voters for the
municipal elections.
The charter provides that the gen
eral laws of the State respecting elec
tions and registration of voters shall
be applicable to the elections held and
the registrations had in San rancisco
(Art. XI, sec. 5, p. 123). The registra
tion provided by law for San Fran
cisco is registration preceding a gen
eral election. Section 1094 of the Polit
ical Code provides that registration
shall commence 160 days before a gen
eral election, and shall continue for
75 days thence next ensuing, when such
registration shall cease.
A general election is defined in sec
tion 1041 of the Political Code to be an
election held throughout the State in
November in the even-numbered years.
Consequently, the provision for regis
tration is a provision for registration
in even-numbered years. What pro
vision is there for registration in the
odd-numbered years? And what pro
vision is there for using in the odd
numbered years at municipal elections
the registers which were printed for
•i at the preceding general election
:he even-numbered years? And how
those persons who become entitled
vote between seventy-five days be
fore the election in the even-numbered i
year and November of the following !
year to be placed upon the register? i
And how is the Registrar of Voters to
In his office for registration for mu
pal elections? Although I possess
c familiarity with the law of elec
s, I am at a loss to know how these
igs will be brought to pass. The
ssio-n, it occurs to me, to make
these provisions is a great blunder.
It may be suggested by the advo- •
cates of the charter that they can go
to the Legislature in January, 1899 and
obtain machinery for carrying on a
municipal election: but for them to do
that would be highly inconsistent They
are advancing the theory (at least
some of them are) that the Legislature
can pass no law upon any municipal
affair and make it applicable to San
Francisco.
Upon this subject see Morton vs.
Broderick, 118 Oal.. 474.
I presume that the framers of the
charter will claim that a municipal
election Is a municipal affair. How is
this situation to be met?
! v.
The Board of Public Works, the
| Board of Health, the Board of Park
• Commissioners, and other heads of
' various departments, are authorized
i to employ subordinates without num
| ; ber at salaries without limit.
; One of the distinguishing features of
the consolidation act which obtained
i j for it so strong- a hold upon the prop
■ erty owning and tax paying citizens
was the various limitations contained
in it with respect to the number of of
ficers to be employed and the amount
iof salaries to be paid to them. These
: salutary protections against being
I overwhelmed with taxes to pay innu
: merable officers at exorbitant salaries
has been omitted from the charter
with respect to the chief departments
or the city government.
The charter provides that the Board
iof Public Works may employ such
: clerks, superintendents, inspectors en
gineers, surveyors, deputies, architects
and workmen as shall be necessary
and may fix their compensation. (Art'
VI. Sec. 3, p. 52.) There is no limit to
the number. There is no limit to the !
j amount of compensation. The section i
i it is true, provides that the compensa
tion Khali not be greater than is paid !
lln cases of similar employment But ;
■ upon the question of what is paid in
cases of similar employment the Board
j of Public Works is the judge, and from
. its determination there Is no appeal
The Board of Public Works has pow
; er to appoint as many subordinates as
;it pleases and to pay them salaries
I without limit. It Is also invested with
i power to appoint the City Engineer
j without any limit upon the amount of
: his salary. The consolidation act lim
its the Surveyor's salary to five hun
dred dollars. Would it not have been I
well to have limited the City Engi- i
neer's salary to ten times that amount
or twenty times, so that we might
know exactly what he is to get or
know some limit beyond which ' the
Board of Public Works could not go?
This board absorbs two departments
of the city government which expend
ed $568,000 and more during the current
| year and absorbs many functions
I which have been heretofore exercised
! by other departments of the city gov
emment. It will control the construc
j tion and repair of all public buildings
j and will have charge of the cleaning
1 of them, with the incidental power to
employ such Janitors and other em
; ployes as may be needed for the pur
pose. (Art. VI, Sec. 9, Subd. 4, p. 54 )
It is safe to say that this department
! of the city government will annually
expend between seven hundred and i
i fifty thousand dollars and one million i
' dollars. The voters of the city will '
have no voice in the selection of the of- i
I fleers by whom this vast sum will be '■
! spent. They will not be heard to say
• how much of that sum shall go to pay I
( salaries nor how many salary takers ;
j there may be. The board will be ap- !
! pointed by the Mayor, removable at his
Will. It will appoint its vast army of '
; subordinates at what prices it pleases '•
i removable (as I shall hereafter show")
at its will. So that that great depart
ment of the city government will be at
the beck and call of the Mayor. If to
use the language of Mr. Doyle, he Is <
either "an angel or demigod," It may be '
I all right; if he is not, it may be all
wrong.
The power to appoint as many sub
ordinates as It pleases, at what salary
It will, is also conferred upon the Board
!of Health (Art. X. sec. 5, p. 120). The !
; same power Is conferred upon the Park '
• Commissioners (Art. XI, sec. 6, p. 135). j
It Is likewise conferred upon other de- I
partments of the city government. It
may be said In brief that every depart
ment of the city government the heads i
of which are appointed by the Mayor, I
have unlimited powers with respect to j
the number of employes and their sal- i
aries, and that only those departments
to which the people elect are limited i
with respect to the number and salary
of the employes. In other words, it is I
safer to trust the Mayor than to trust
the voters.
VI.
There is no adequate provision for
the custody of the moneys in the
treasury.
The provision of the cone lidatlon act
which provides that the Mayor, Treas
urer and one of the Judges of th? Supe
| rior Court shall, each month, count the
j money In the treasury has been omitted
from the charter. Why? Was not that
a salutary rule? Was It not a sub
stantial protection against embezzle
ment. If rigidly observed? What pre
cautions have been substituted in its
place? Simply these: that the bulk of
the money in the treasury shall be in
a Joint-custody safe, which can only
be opened by the Auditor and Treasurer
together. But the Auditor has no con
trol over the funds except to open and
close the safe, and the charter ex
pressly provides that he "shall not be
held responsible on his oi.lcial bond for
any shortage which may occur in the
treasury." (Art. IV, Chap. 3, Sec. 3, p.
37.)
This is the only provision for the
safe custody of the funds; and, in view
of the fact that the Treasurer is re
quired to give a bond of only $100,000,
while carrying at times more than
$1,000,000. it would seem that the safe
guards are both meager and unsatis
factory.
VII.
The tax levy is required to be fixed i
before the assessment roil is com- i
pleted.
The charter nr OV ides that the tax
levy shall be made on or before the last
Monday of June in each year (Art. 111.
Sec. 21. p. 23). It is provided that the
levy, exclusive of certain fixed charges,
shall not exceed $1 on each $100 valua
tion of the property assessed. But, sin
gularly enough, the Political Code pro
vides that the Assessor must complete
his assessment, not on or before the
last Monday of June, but on or before
the first Monday of July. in each year
(Sec. 3652. Political Code). So that the
Freeholders have furnished us with a
provision which requires the tax rate
to be fixed a week before the Assessor
is required to complete the assessment
roll upon which the tax levy is to be
based.
I Furthermore, after the Assessor com
pletes the assessment roll, it becomes
, the subject of equalization by the
! Board of Supervisors, sitting as a
I Board of Equalization, from the
first to the third Monday of July, if the
business in hand shall require it to be in
session that long (Sec. 3672, Pol. Code).
I mil the third Monday of July in each
year the assessment roll is not defin
itely established. And yet the charter
provides that three we^ks before that
time the tax rate upon that assessment
roll shall be established.
VIII.
The new provisions in relation to
the Police Courts are unwise and per
nicious.
The present Police Court has Jurisdic
tion of those misdemeanors only which
can be punished by one year's im
prisonment and by a fine not exceeding
one thousand dollars (Statutes of 1893,
p. 10). The charter gives it concurrent
jurisdiction with the Superior Court of
all misdemeanors.
Every crime is a misdemeanor unless
it be punishable by death or imprison
ment in the penitentiary. The grant of
Jurisdiction to a Police Court of every
misdemeanor is a very dangerous inno
vation. The crimes which are punish
able as misdemeanors are of greater
magnitude than may reasonably be ex
pected to be disposed of in the Police
Courts with due regard to justice.
Take the crime of libel. For that
crime a man may be imprisoned for a
year and fined five thousand dollars.
The imprisonment Is to be in the County
Jail. Should he be tried in the Police
Court? And take other crimes which
are punishable by two or three years'
imprisonment in the County Jail, and
which may be punished as false pre
tenses by a fine represented by five fig
ures, ten thousand, twenty thousand,
thirty thousand dollars. Should those
offenses be tried in the Police Court?
But, passing that question, the char
ter contains what must seem to every
lawyer a very Improper provision relat
ing to the record on appeals to the Su
perior Court from Police Courts. If a
defendant is convicted in a Police Court
and desires to appeal to the Superior
Court he prepares his statement on ap
peal. Within a reasonable time th
District Attorney Is entitled to propos
amendments to the statement. Th
proposed statement and amendment
are then submitted to the Judge, wh
settles and certifies to the statement 01
appeal in accordance with the facts. ]
the District Attorney's amendments d
not cover the case he «is entitled, unde
the present practice, to make the state
ment on appeal conform to the truth
bo that he shall not be misrepresente(
in the appellate court.
But the charter provides that if the
District Attorney shall fail to Ml
amendments to the proposed statemen
within five days after service thereo
"the proposed statement on appeal shall
be the statement on appeal" (Art. V.
chap. 8, sec. 3, subd. 2d. p. 48). In
other words, the Judge who tries the
case has no power to make the state
ment on appeal set forth the truth
about the trinl and rulings of the court
If, from Inadvertence, neglect or indif
ference, the District Attorney shall fail j
to file amendments within five days.
The provisions relating to civil
service are a promise to the ear to be
broken to the hope, for they are man
ifestly unconstitutional.
Upon what theory the framers of the
charter provide for the appointment of
subordinates through a Civil Service
Commission, whose salary, with that o
the secretary, is $6000 per annum, whe
the provisions for civil service are 1
the teeth of three decisions of the Su
preme Court, can be better answerec
by the author of the provisions than b
me.
The charter provides that no ap
pointments shall be made, with a few
exceptions, except from the list of th
persons who have passed civil servic
examinations. The plan pursued 1
this: The commissioners of civil ser
vice certify to the officer who is to fi
the vacancy the name or address of on
or more candidates, not exceodln
three. He takes the appointee fror
those certified to him. The charter
provides "in making such certification
sex shall be disregarded, except when
some statute, the rules of the commis
sioners and the appointing power spe
cifies sex" (Article XTII. Section 9, page
130.) I do not know whether this pro
vision was intended to secure us female
deputy sheriffs or not. I do not quite
understand the provision and I shall
not therefore undertake to put a con
struction upon it.
However, it Is provided in the char
ter (page 131) "that no appointmen
not so made shall be void"; that is to
say, except through the Civil Service
Commission.
The provision of the charter which
secures fixed tenure of office, unles
the Mayor at his pleasure shall remove
seems to be this (for there is no other)
"No deputy, clerk or employe in the
classified civil service of the city am
county, who shall have been appointed
under said rules, shall be removed o
discharged excent for cause, upon writ
ten charges, and after opportunity to
he heard in his own defense." (Article
XIII. Section 12. page 131).
If there is one rule better established
than another in this State it is that
under our constitution such a provision
s unconstitutional. The provision of
ihe constitution which it violates pro
vides In substance that If the consti
;ut ion does not fix the term of an officer
such term may be fixed by law. but not
in any case to exceed four years.
The section Jurther provides that if
no term is fixed the officer holds at the
pleasure of the aj. pointing power. The
provision referred to is section 16 of ar
ticle XX of the constitution of 1879,
copied from section 7 of article XI of
the constitution o' 1849. The constitu
tional provision means that the term of
office shall be measured by years, for
it provides that the term'shai never
exceed four years; and a provision
fixing a term at five years was declared
unconstitutional In People vs. Perry, 79
Cal., 105.
That a provision that an officer shall
not be removed except for cause and
after trial is unconstitutional under this
provision of the constitution was de
cided in 1857 in People v. Hill, 7 Cal.,
97; in 1881, in Smith v. Brown, 59 Cal..
672, and in 1887. in People v. Shear. 15
Pacific Reporter, 92. In each of those
cases there was a provision that an
officer should not be removed except for
cause.
In People v. Hill the officer removed
was the CaptpJn of Police of San Fran
cisco; in Smith v. Brown the officer re
moved was a police officer of Sacra
ment 3; In People v. Shear the officer
removed was the Superintendent of the
House of Correction in San Francisco.
The law provided that he should only
be -amoved for Just and sufficient
cause, after - fair and impartial in
vestigation'by the Supervisors. No In
vestigation was had and no cause as
signed. The case ■as tried before
Judge Hunt, and on the authority of
People v. Hill and Smith v. Brown he
decided that the Board of Supervisors
had power to remove Shear without
cause. His decision was upheld in the
Supreme Court, as follows:
"On authority of Smith v. Brown, 59
Cal.. 672. and People v. Hill. 7 Cal.. 97,
the judgment and order appealed from
are affirmed."
Judge Seawell has, within six months,
decided a similar case, which involved
a Superintendent of the Almshouse.
The statute provided that he should not
be removed without cause. The Board
appointed Captain Reddy his successor.
Judge Seawell decided, that, notwith
standing the provision that he should
not be removed without cause, Mr.
Weaver held at the pleasure of the ap
pointing power, and that Captain Red
dy's appointment by the Board of
Health was valid.
The question of when the charter
takes effect is certain to give rise to
great confusion and litigation.
The advocates of the charter claim
that it takes effert on January 1, 1900.
Some of them certainly intended that it
should take effect at that time. A ref
erence to their proceedings will show
that. At one of their meetings Mr. M.
C. Hassett, who is supporting the
adoption of the charter, appeared be
fore the Board of Freeholders and sug
gested that the Mayor elected In IS9S
should put the charter Into effect. Dr.
E. R. Taylor, one of the Freeholders,
was reported in the papers to have de
nounced the proposition. The propo
sition was put and voted down, and
the charter provision on the subject
stood as it is contained in the char
ter (p. 145). That provision is that the
Mayor, elected in November, 1599, shall,
between December 1, 1599, and Jan
uary 1, 1900, make all appoint
ments provided by this charter to
be made by him, and the per
sons so appointed shall qualify;
and all boards, commissions and offi
cers holding by appointment under ex
isting law shall hold no longer.
But there is no provision whatever
as to when the charter shall take effect.
The constitution provides that "if ap
proved by a majority of the members
elected to each house it shall become
the charter of such city, or if surh city
be consolidated with a county, then of
such city and county, and it shall be
come the organic law thereof and su- j
persede any existing charters a d all I
amendments thereof and all laws in
consistent with surh charter."
Note the language, "If approved it
shall become the charter." Shall be
come the charter when? I venture to
prophesy that if the charter be adopted
it will be claimed (the matter will cer
tainly have to be settled) that unless
i the charter has provided when it takes
effect it takes effect from its ratifica
tion.
So that, after all, when the charter
takes effect depends upon whether it
will j?o into effect at the time the Free
holders intended, but omitted to state,
or whether It will g-o Into effect at the
time when, in the absence of any pro
vision or Indication of intention upon
the subject, It must by the constitu
tion go into effect. It seems to be a
case of omitting to say what one in
tended. It is the counterpart of the
provision respecting the Mayor's power
of removal. In that instance he was
given power to remove all appointive
officers; but Dr. Taylor is authority for
the statement that it was only intend
ed to permit him to remove his own
appointees.
A WOMAN BKTJTALLY BEATEN.
Mrs. Katie McKay the Victim of a
Drunken Row on Geary
Street.
Mrs. Katie McKay, living at 268 O'Far
rell street, was tnken to the Receiving:
Hospital early yesterday morning In an
unconscious condition, and It was not un
til late In the afternoon that she regained
her senses. Her nose was fractured and
her left cheek and eye were badly swol
len and discolored. The last thing she re
membered was drinking in a saloon with
a young man whom she met on the street.
She did not know his name.
Charles Mcßay, a watchman. Is in the
City Prison suspected of being the as
sailant. Sergeant Steve Bunner heard
that a woman had been murdered on
Geary street, and he found Katie uncon
scious on the sidewalk. Mcßay was point
ed out to him as one of the men who
was with her, so he was arrested. Mc-
Bay admitted that he had been drinking
with the woman and another man in the
saloon, 112 Geary street, but he knew
nothing about her being beaten. The
police are trying to find the other man.
WILL DRILL FOR A TROPHY.
Companies of the League of the Cross
to Appear in Annual Com
petition.
The committee in charge of the annual
competitive drill of the League of the
Cross Cadets which is to be held on Thurs
day evening next in Mechanics' Pavilion,
held its final meeting yesterday and com
pleted arrangements for the affair. Fifty
members and friends of the society ten
dered their services as ushers and were
assigned to their posts.
The following, is an outline of the pro
gramme to be carried out during the re
view: Entrance of battalions and march
past reviewing stand, in which will be
Major-General Dickinson and staff; drill
by companies for the Montgomery trophy
guard mount; awarding trophy by Arch
bishop Riordan.
Governor Budd and staff and other high
officers of the volunteer afmy and Na
tional Guard have been invited to attend
the drill.
Orpheum Circuit Grows.
On Saturday contracts were signed by
the Orpheum managers which increase
the circuit considerably in the Eastern
cities. The Eastern circuit now includes
the following cities and houses- Grand
Opera House, Pittsburg; Walnut-street
Cincinnati; Olympic, Haymarket, Hop
kins, Masonic Roof Garden, Chicago- Al
hambra, Milwaukee; Hopkins, Forest
Park, Highlands, St. Louis; St. Charles
New Orleans; Creighton, Omaha; Broad
way, Denver.
CASTOR I A
For Infanta and Children,
The fis- >?
■:■ - ■■'.:■ r :::.■-. ■■■ • .- • ■ ■■, -. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ribbons !
Ribbons !
SPECIAL SALE THIS WEEK
OF
900 pieces No. 40 TAFFETA MOIRE
RIBBON, extra heavu palitu and
all pure silk, 40 different shades,
also black, Ribbon measures full
3 inches in width.
Price, 15c Yard.
1400 pieces No. 60 TAFFETA MOIRE
RIBBON, extra heavy quality
and all pure silk, 70 different
shades, also creams and Mack,
Ribbon measures full 4 inches in
width.
Price, 2Oc Yard.
NOTE.- Commencing Monday, May
23d, we will offer our entire stock of ALL-
WOOL FRENCH PRINTED CHALLIES at
3 Tic per Yard.
111. 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Monday May ajrd 1898
GOLDBERG
BQWEM
& CO.
Don't waste a good appe-
tite on poor food.
We send as promptly to
country as to city.
Things are packed right
of course.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Hams — eastern i i^c
■- Most staple foods are g">ing up
This, however, is a bargain
Lentils — German 3* lbs 2£c
Serve with ham and you'll
want more
Alkethrepta-»<in<i ofchocout^-tin 20c
Folks who bought one at first
now buy a lot
Coffee— crescent blend 1b 22« C
Coffee may soon advance
California port— Private stock
reg'ly special
bottle 75c 50c
gallon $2.50 $2
Hermitage Rye whiskey 1886
reg'ly special
bottle $1.50 11.15
gallon 6 4.50
Old Crow bourbon whiskey
(made in 1889)
reply «peclal
bottle $1.25 fi
gallon 5 4
Canned fruits-our choice i
regularly 20c tin and worth it
Selected fruits in heavy syrup
Mushrooms i£ and 20c
refj'ly. F. Lecourt 25c tin — Charles 20c tin
Recipes for sen-ing upon request
French knives — Sabatier
Don't get dull quick— great help
to kitchen workers
Inches 45 6 7 8 9 10 11 n
reg'ly 20 25 30 35 40 5° 55 65 75c
special 15 15 20 25 30 35 40 50 60c
Window screens
reg'ly 24x37 inches 35c now 30c
reg'iy 15x24 inches 25c now 20c
made of oiled ash— fit most any window
There may be cheaper but none better
Face powder 40c
regularly 50c box
White-rose and brunette
Made in Paris by these favorably known
Perfumers : Rofcer & Gallet — Gelle
Freres-Vlolet (pronounced vee-o-lay)
Extracts — Gelle Freres 4^c
regularly 60c bottle
Triple strength 1 oz — assorted odocs
New teas— lB9B picking
The first of this season's teas from
Japan just arrived-fresh, fragrant
50c 60c and 75c 1b
Also new Ceylon teas— Bee brand
came on good ship Doric
Send for pamphlet VACATION, free
Tells distances, where to go and what to take
Catalogue free — mail orJers ?ntltied to these prices
If posted not later than Wednesday
43a Pine 215 Sutter 2800 California San Francisco
XO7S Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
t SURETY_BONDS.
FIDELITY AND DEPOSIT CO.
OF MARYLAND.
Home Office, Baltimore, Maryland.
FINANCIAL STATEMENT
January 1, 1898.
RESOURCES.
Real estate (Fidelity building) $ 600,000 00
State and municipal bonds 1,255,010 00
Street railway bonds (Baltimore
City) 169.2*0 09
Railroad and other bonds 126,560 04
Agents' debit balances, less commis-
sions J6.111 84
Premiums in course of collection
(home office) c,08« 41
Cash in office and banks. 188,687 61
12,500,524 81
LIABILITIES.
Capital stock (paid in)....* 1.000,000 00
Surplus 1,000,000 00 . .
Premium reserve 435,089 :,-.].
Claims in process of
adjustment 7^829 78
Claims reported, but proof
not filed 20.607 71
Undivided profits 87,097 IS
= ».M0.84 a
EDWIN WAR FIELD. President.
HERMAN B. BOSLER.
Secretary and Treasurer.
PRANK L. GILBERT.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
204-208 San some St., San Francisco.
Beware of Imitations
*■■* WrcestersitetO
JOHN OUIC/N'S SONS, AMIT9, NEW YORK.
000000000000000000
oT""o T "" PALACE '-"2
% GRAND hotels o
q • SAN FRANCISCO. q*
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. °
O -"via. UXDKU Onb MANAOEiIMt O
O NOTE TEE PRICES: O
#5 European Plan. Sl. OO per day and upward f\
** American Plan. S3. oo per day and upward w
C CorreHPond.-n.-,. .Solicited. O
O JOHN C. SIESPATSICE, Managir. O
000 000 000000000000
IYJIMMJMMI
j when " unwell,"./ for pains, obstructions,
I and irregularities peculiar to the sex. j
'- Recommended .by : the leading French ;I .
: Specialists for diseases of women : Supe- j
- rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and Injurious j
drugs. •;< One bottle of Apioline Capsules I
■ lasts three months • Sold by all druggists, I
,; or by mail, $ . ; Box 2081, K. Y. Post Office. v . I