VOLUME LXXXIV.-]S T O. 20.
SHAFTER'S ARMY HAS
LANDED BY THIS TIME
IF"*% I*""* 3 ™* "SP" 3 ™* d^ sr^k IP™"™* ff""*W
PROTFCTFD
) I '¥ ¥ I—^ I <¥ f— < F"<M^"<
Ik v b e ii
jh™^ 181111I 81111 i«- f™" I*™
t ir-~ n liming J
Once flsfyore the Ir>vadir)g
Troops Will Lose No Time
taring Santiago.
MADRID, June 19.-Private dispatches received
here from New York say General Shafter's expedition
has landed near Santiago de Cuba and will attack the
town immediately.
NEW YORK, June 19.— The
Washington correspondent of the
Herald telegraphs: Secretary
Long believes that under the pro
tection of the guns of Rear Ad
miral Sampson's men-of-war
American troops are being land
ed from transports in the vicin
ity of Buiquiri, preparatory to an
attack on the city of Santiago de
Cuba. Long said this evening
that he was momentarily expect
ing a cable message from Admiral
Sampson announcing the arrival
of the troops and that debarka
tion was in progress. lie said it
was possible the troops might
have reached the vicinity of San
tiago de Cuba at midnight last
night, in which event the <:<
kation would have continued
steadily during the entire day.
It is understood in official cir
cles here that the point of landing
of the troops will be swept clear
of Spaniards by the shell and
shrapnel of the American vessels,
after which the Cubans will take
station at some distance in the in
terior to prevent the Spaniards
from attacking the troops as they
go ashore. In this manner it is
confidently expected that a body
of troops can be debarked which
ONE BIG SHELL
FROM THE OREGON
HIT GUANTANAMO
GUANTANAMO, Cuba. June 18 (via Pert Antonio, Jamaica, June 19). — It is with fury that the Spaniards
learn that they must leave the American ships in undisturbed possession of this harbor and the marines in peace at
Fort McCalla. The lesson has been so umvercifully hammered into them within the last few days that they are
beginning to comprehend that their ambition to drive the marines into the sea is hopeless. The warning was
given to them some days ago. and the shells which were huried yesterday from the Texas, Marblehead and Suw
anee have had a salutary effect, and this morning the Marblehead, St. Paul, Dolphin and Suwanee went at them
again.
Cuban scouts had reported that a number of Spanish soldiers were massed at a point of land lying between
the fleet and the town. The Marblehead and Suwanee steamed in and took a position within easy range of them
and the St. Paul and Dolphin opened from their anchorages. The firing began at 9 o'clock and continued for an
hour, during which the strip of raised land was mowed almost level with the sea.
This was the beginning of the day's work. It was carried on by the Oregon, which came in from the block
ading fleet. When the had finished coaling she went close in shore and sent four 13-inch and six 8-inch shells in
search of a Spanish gunboat which is hiding up the bay. One 1.3-inch shell struck a building in the town and
threw debris a hundred feet in the air. It was a cascade of stone and mortar. Soon afterward the Cuban scout;,
reported that hundreds of Spanish troops in Guantana'.no, aroused by reason of this shot, were massing for an at
tack on Fort McCalla. A company oi fifty bluejackets and one field piece was immediately sent from the colliers
and the Panther to rc-enforcc the marines. The expected attack did not take place.
The San Francisco Call
'will be able to re-enforce the in
; surgents and keep the enemy en
ed, if they should attack, un
til additional troops can be got
; to their assistance.
With the troops disembarked
on Cuban soil there will be no
delay in the prosecution of the
| business which has called them to
S^tiago. Secretary Long said
to me the present would be the
most important week of the war
\ up to this time, and it is evident
' from ibis remark he anticipates
| an attack on Santiago is to follow
the landing of the troops. In
I army circles it is said that at least
I two or perhaps three days will be
necessary to get the troops and
: all necessary traps ashore.
The wharf at Buiquiri will be
useful in permitting transports to
get alongside of it and discharge
their men and guns and artillery
caissons which they have in their
holds.
The point of landing deter
mined upon is connected by road
with Santiago, which will make
easier the task of the engineers
of preparing the way over wffich
the troops are to march in their
offensive operations against the
Spaniards. It is expected that
Copyrighted. IS3B. by James Gordon Bennett.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1898.
Admiral Sampson will destroy
the shore defenses with the ut
most dispatch and the batteries
protecting the harbor of Santiago
de Cuba as far as his guns can
reach. When this is done tor-
I pedo boats and converted tor
i pedo boat destroyers will be sent
in the harbor to torpedo if pos
sible the Spanish men-of-war.
Aside from this and the protec
\ tion of troops during the landing
j the navy will not play an impor
tant part in the operations against
I the city.
The siege guns which General
Shafter has with him are to be
mounted on the hills overlooking
the city and harbor, and this fact
would seem to indicate the au
thorities have no intention of
permitting troops to take the oity
by storm. Of 'course, however,
the campaign cannot be directed
from \Vashington,.and if General
Shafter should deem it important
that the troops should attempt to
take the city his judgment would
be regarded as satisfactory by the
Washington officials. What is
wanted, however, is the surrender
of the city, in order that Cervera's
squadron may be taken as
promptly as possible.
LANDING ARMS AND SUPPLIES FOR CUBANS FROM THE UNITED STATES GUNBOAT VIXEN AT ASSERADO.
CAMARA'S
SQUADRON
IS DOOMED
Destruction Its pate No
Matter Wh>at May Be
the Destination.
American Warships May Be Sent
figainst the Spanish Coast as
a Counter Move.
NEW YORK. June to.— The
Washington correspondent of the
Herald sends the following: De
struction will be the fate of Ad
miral Camara's squadron,
whether its destination be the
Philippines or the West Indies.
This is the confident belief of
officials. It is based upon com
plete and satisfactory accounts
of the defective condition of the
vessels comprising the fleet. As
a counter move, the result of the
early prospective departure of
the Spanish fleet from peninsu
lar waters, the authoiitie; made
the official admission to-day that
plans have been perfected for the
formation of a Hying squadron
to be sent against the Canary
Islands and the Spanish coast.
If Santiago and Admiral Cervera's
fleet are taken orders will be issued next
week directing the assembling of a
squadron to be placed under command
of Commodore Schley, which will at
once assume offensive operations. The
statement in the Herald's dispatch
this morning that 20,000 tons
of coal are on board several
BREAK LOOSE FROM
THE SPANISH YOKE
Native Proclamation of Independence
Will Be Signed To-Day at
Manila.
LCVNTDON, June 20.— The Hongkong
correspondent of the Daily Mail, tele
graphing Sunday, says: "The native
proclamation of independence will be
signed on Mnnday. Manila ia complete
ly surrounded by _ the insurgents, of
whom there are three forces deployed
about the city. The success of the
rebels is wonderful. The insurgents
have captured old Cavlte Church, tak
ing 270 prisoners, and they now hold
the entire shore of the bay right around
to Malate. A *~- «i«n fire brigade, com
posed of British, Swiss and Germans,
Intend to remain nshore.
REPORT THAT MANILA
HAS CAPITULATED
Correspondent of a Frencn News-
paper Telegraphs the Rumor
From Madrid.
PARIS, June 19.— The Madrid corre
spondent of the Temps says It Is xo
Spanish auxiliary cruisers is pro
nounced most important by officials,
and among some of them it is believed
to be a straw indicating the Philippines
are really the destination of the Span
ish men-of-war. On the other hand, it
is pointed out that Admiral Camara, an
ticipating the closing of Cuban and
Porto Rican harbors by the Americans,
may have coal aboard in order that his
ships might coal at sea after havirijg
made a dash upon the American coast,
as threatened by Lieutenant Caranza hi
his famous purloined letter. It is defi
nitely known that Camara's men-of-war
are still at Carthagena.
Consul Sprague, the representative of
this Government at Gibraltar, cabled the
State Department to-day that he had re
liable information of its continued pres
ence at that port. If bound for the
Philippines more than a month will be
consumed in making the voyage. An
official with whom I talked to-night said
that the President firmly believes that
the interests of this Government will be
better subserved by the dispatch of a
squadron against the peninsula of Spain
than by attempting to take the city of
Havana with raw troops against the well
trained men which Blanco is able to put
in the field.
ported there that Manila has capitu
lated, though the Ministers have .lot
received any news to that effect.
The correspondent says Senor Rome
ro Giron, the Minister of the Colonies,
said that if Governor General August!
had made over his power to General
Sanders to govern Manila, General
Sanders would attempt a sortie.
According to the same authority, the
Spanish Consuls at Hongkong, Shang
hai and Singapore have been ordered to
organize at any cost the most rapid
communication with the portions of the
archipelago still under Spanish author
ity.
FIERCE FIGHTING
AMONG THE SLAVS
While Pursuing the Albanians Many
Servians Are Killed by a
Turkish Battery.
CETTTXJE, Montenegro. June 19.— There
was fighting all day long on Friday, near
Berane, on the left bank of the River Lim.
The number of killed is not known. The
exodus of women and children from the
disturbed district Into Montenegro terri
tory continues. Yesterday the Servians
pdrsued the Albanians as far as Berane,
where a Turkish battery in the fortress
fired upon the pursuers, killing one and
wounding many. Bald tdin Pasha has
been sent to restore order and rebuild the
burned villages.
HOBSON
HAS BEEN
REMOVED
And by This Time Morro
Castle Is Probably in
F^uins.
Being Afraid of Dynamite F rorr >
the Vesuvius Spaniards De
sert the ports at Night.
ON BOARD THE.HERALD
CALL DISPATCH-BOAT SOM
MERS N. SMITH, OFF SANTI
AGO SATURDAY NIGHT (via
Port Antonio, Jamaica, Sunday,
June 19 — ncM.-n. — By the time this
dispatch reaches you Morro Cas
tle, the principal fortification re
maining at the entrance of the
harbor of Santiago, probably will
be a mass of ruins. The work
of completing the destruction of
Santiago's outer defenses will be
undertaken either by the dyna
mite cruiser Vedtavlus or by the
guns of the warships in the
American fleet.
I As I have explained in previous dis
i patches to the Herald and The Call,
the only thing that has prevented the
destruction of Morro Castle long ago
was the fact that Lieutenant Richmond
Pearson Hobson and other members of
the Merrimac's crew were imprisoned
in that fortillcation, and the Americans
took every precaution to spare them
from danger during the recent bom
bardments. Admiral Sampson has been
convinced from the first that Admiral
Cervera and General Linares had Hob
son and his fellow-heroes placed in
Morro Castle solely to prevent the
Americans from shelling that fort.
This chance opportunity furnished the
last hope the Spaniards had of long
avoiding the surrender of the city of
Santiago and Admiral Cervera's fleet
to- Admiral Sampson.
As long as they held the Merrimac's
men there as a shield the American
Admiral made his instructions against
firing on Morro Castle most explicit.
In the several bombardments that have
taken place in the vicinity our gunners
have been at a disadvantage because
of this necessary order. They were
most careful in aiming the guns not
to allow a single shot even to threaten
Morro with destruction.
Adm^al Sampson to-day learned
positively that two of the Merrimac's
men had been taken by the Spaniards
to the Marine Hospital, and that all
the others had been removed back to
the city. Upon receiving this informa
tion the admiral immediately rescinded
his order not to fire on Morro Castle.
"One dynamite shell will destroy the
fort," the admiral said, as he dlsc-ussed
with thc>3e on board the flagship the
latest action of the enemy in dealing 1
with Lieutenant Kcbson and his men.
From the first the action of the Span
iards in confining: those prisoners in
Morro under the flre of our guns has
been bitterly condemned by the officers
and men in the fleet.
Another brilliant exploit has beeu
PRICE -FIVE CENTS.
I added to the enviable record which the
; auxiliary cruiser St. Louis is making
■in the operations about Cuba. This
i vessel on Friday night risked being
\ blown to pieces by Spanish guns in a
I final frantic effort to find the cable
: which connects Santiago with King
ston. Orders were issued to the St.
Louis to pick up this cable and cut it.
The former efforts had convinced Ad
miral Sampson it would be impossible
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A man may say or think
what he pleases but just the
same, personal appearance
1/ cuts a big figure in success.
[~~ ,-/ 1 j| A well-dressed, neat, cleanly
/ -/I JJ looking man, with the fresh
/ ' // countenance of health will,
( ' '• other things being equal,
outstrip the man who isn't wholesome-iook-
ing. Many men imagine that hard work—
"hustling" they call it— counts for every-
thing. In the long run the easygoing man
who takes time to think of his health and.
his personal appear.-mcc outstrips the reck«
less, neglectful "hustler." Many men are
held back in the struggle of life by their
personal appearance. Through neglect of
the digestion their blood gets full of im-
purities and humors which show themselves
on the face and body in the shape of skin
affections, blotches, eruptions, eczema and
scrofula.
Dr. Piercc's Golden Medical Discovery
drives all impurities from the blood and
cures all forms of skia affections. It is the
great blood gurnier, live: invigorator and
flesh builder. It corrects all disorders of
the digestion. Thousands have testified to
its merits. Druggists sell it.
Wb. Smothers, Esq., of MOistoa, Jackson, Co.,
\V:s., wri'.e-: "I wish to say that Dr. Picrce'9
Golden MeJicnl Discovery is the best medicine
for the jrrip that I have ever tried."
" Health is the best endowment " and a
health-preserver the best investment Dr.
Pierces Common Sense Medical Adviser
tenches women how to take care of the
health of every member of the family. It
saves doctor's bills. It contains 1008 pages,
over 300 illustrations. Several chapters are
devoted to the reproductive physiology of
women and diseases that unfit young wo-
men for wifehood and young wives for
motherhood. For paper-covered copy, send
21 one-cent stamps, to cover the cost of mail-
ing only, to the World's Dispensary Medical
Association, Buffalo, N. Y. For fine cloth
binding, scud 10 centa extra, 31 cents in sIL2
to locate this important cable from any
point beyond the range of Spanish
guns, so the St. Louis boldly steamed
right to the mouth o-f the harbor. She
was discovered by the Spaniards and
searchlights on Morro Castle played
about the fearless American vessel for
a long time.
In making this desperate attempt to
pick up the Kingston cable the St.
Louis advanced to within 300 yards of
Morro's guns, and the men with the
fleet outside momentarily expected to
hear the enemy open fire on the cruiser.
It would have boon a simple matter to
have sunk the St. Louis at such close
range, but for some reason the Span
lards did not fire a single gun. This
led Commodore Schley to express the
opinion that the work done by the dy
namite cruiser Vesuvius in its recent
night attack had so territled the Span
iards that they since have deserted the
batteries at night. After a long search
the St. Louis returned to the fleet and
reported that she had been unable to
find the cable.
One of the most important operations
thus far undertaken by the insurgents
is the effort to capture General Pando
and his men, in which the Cubans are
now engaged. General Pando is on his
way from Havana to give relief to the
Spaniards in Santiago. This relief
party is proceeding by way of Man
zanillo. Generals parcia, Castillo and
Perez, with other Cuban leaders, have
sent out a scouting party to intercept
the Spanish general.
Strong proof that Admiral Cervera
has abandoned the hope of escape with
his fleet from Santiago Harbor was
furnished by his failure to make the
attempt to-day. This seems to have
been his most promising opportunity
to come out and fight if he ever intend
ed to. Cervera would have found about
the harbor only the Brooklyn, Massa
chusetts and Texas of all the American
fighting ships. The New York was off
to Guantanamo, while the Oregon and
lowa were taking coal. Despite this
great weakening of the strength of the
American fleet the Spanish admiral did
not appear to accept a battle on even
terms.
Heliographic communication between
Santiago and Guantanamo by the
Spaniards has finally been Interrupted.
This system has been used to advan
tage by the enemy for several days,
but the Cubans have captured several
intermediate signal posts and thus
have put a stop to It.
There is no sign of the arrival of the
American troops up to 10 o'clock, the
hour at which I close this dispatch.
Their arrival Is awaited with great
eagerness throughout the fleet.
FIFTEEN THOUSAND MEN
TO DEFEND SANTIAGO.
Cuban Pilot Supplies Information as
to the Strength of the
Eneniy.
KEY WEST, June 19.— Juan Santos, a
Cuban pilot, who arrived here this
morning on board an American war
ship, reports that he entered Santiago
de Cuba and found there a Spanish gar
rlaon of 15,000 men. He adds the ves
sels of Admiral Cervera's ileet lying at
that port are the armored cruisers Cris
tobal Colon, Vizcaya and Almirante
Oquendo, two small cruisers, two tor
pedo boats and the Reina Mercedes,
which has been stripped of her guns,
which are used to re-enforce the land
batteries. The masts of the sunken col
lier Merrimac were visible above the
water.
The pilot says the Spanish war ves
sels were fully manned, but the crews
were discouraged and disappointed. He
thinks Morro Castle is the only fort not
silenced by Rear Admiral Sampson,
Who, he says, keeps a steady watch and
opens fire as soon as work is attempted
by the Spanish on shore. Morro Castle,
where Lieutenant Hobson and the other
brave men of the Merrimac are now
confined, was not fired upon, the dyna
mite cruiser Vesuvius sending her pro
jectiles over the bluff into the channel.
The land approaches to Santiago de
Cuba are heavily guarded, but the ar
tlllery is innignficant.
Other Information piv^n by the pilot
Is that one Spanish colonel and seven
teen other men who were tak^n prison
ers by the Cubans at Santiago are on
board the collier Abarrando and have
been offered in exchange for Lieuten
ant Hnbson and his companions. The
hospital ship Solace has twenty wound
ed Cubans aboard.
The health of the marines who have
landed in Cuba Is excellent and good
health also prevails on board the ves
sels of the American fleet. The Amer
ican officers speak highly of the effi
ciency and bravery of the Cuban sol
diers.
FALSE NEWS TO BUOY
THE SPANISH HEART.
Private Telegrams Tell of the
Enemy's Shells Doing Great
Damage to Our Warships.
MADRID, June 19, 3 p. m.— Private
telegrams received here from Cuba say
that during the last attack by the
American ships upon Santiago de Cuba
a Spanish shell struck upon the deck
of one of the attacking ships, sweeping
off all the men there. Another shell,
according to the same authority, struck
the funnel of a cruiser, doing much
damage.
The Havana government is display
ing great energy. Fourteen university
professors, who Hod for fear of the re
sults of the war. have bfen dismissed.
The blockading vessels, the telegrams
say, continue inactive.
Captain Aunon, Minister of Marine,
refuses to give any information regard-
Ing the destination of Admiral Ca
mara'a squadron. The Spanish papers
declare that the statements that the
bodies of American marines killed at
Guantanamo were mutilated by the
Spanish troops and similar sentiments
regarding the loss of the Maine are
made with the object of inflaming the
American populace.
PHILIPPINE REBELS
TAKE ANOTHER TOWN
They Are Now in Sight of the Manila
Railway Station and Other
Outposts.
Copjrl>?Med, 1838, by James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, June 14 (via Hongkong
June 19). — The rebels took Caloocan
last night, and advancing, are now in
sight of the Manila railway station,
Tutudan and other outposts. Malate,
Santa Anna and Santa Mesa are still
defended by the Spaniards.
Fired on by Insurgents.
HONGKONG. June 19.— The British
steamer Yuen Sang, which arrived
from Manila on June 14, reports that a
railway director who went out on the
line on a locomotive was fired on by
Insurgents at the barracks, four kilo
meters outside of Manila. The Yuen
Sang also reports that the railroad sta
tion Is being fortified. The Spaniards,
it la said, are demoralized and it was
expected when the steamer left that
they would retire to the citadel by the
16th inst.
On leaving Manila the Yuen Sang
sighted a number of vessels believed
to be American transports.
CORBIN NAMES
NEW OFFICERS
Selection of Second
Lieutenants.
MANY COLLEGE GRADUATES
RIGID EXAMINATIONS MUST BE
PASSED.
One Hundred and Ninety-Five Men
to Fill Vacancies Created by
the Reorganization
Bill.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 19.— At a late
hour to-night Adjutant General Corbin
made public the names of the 195 young
men who have been selected for ap
pointment as second lieutenants in the
regular army to fill the vacancies cre
ated by the act of Congress adapting
the three battalion organizations of in
fantry and the addition of one second
lieutenant to all batteries when filled to
war strength. Each of the 195 men se
lected will be obliged to undergo an
examination that will be a thorough
test of his mental and physical qualifi
cations for the army service. Those
who pass the examination will be
named by the President to the Senate.
To the selection of the men both the
President and Secretary of War have
devoted time and consideration. Out of
the 195 appointed eighty-nine are
known to be college graduates; five of
them honor men of their classes of
colleges having military instructors; in
all representing sixty-seven different |
istitutions. Forty-eight are now in the i
volunteer or militia service and thir
teen are enlisted men in the regular
army.
Never before has there been such
vitality and new blood injected into the
military service. Army officers view
with satisfaction, and West Point men
more than all others, that sixty-seven
different college notions and methods
are going to be put on trial alongside
of West Point and army methods. More
than 7000 applications for appoint
ments were filed at the War Depart
ment.
Enlisted men who have been designated
by the President for appointments as sec
ond lieutenants, U. S. A.: Sergeant Wal
ter S. Vollmar, Signal Corps mow second
lieutenant, U. S. A. Signal Corps); Corpor- j
al Percy W. Arnold, Troop F. First U. S. I
Cavalry; Corporal William A. Cavanaugh,
Company 1), Twentieth U- «. Infantry;
Corporal George M. Grimes, Troop B,
Second United States Cavalry; First Class j
Private William G.-iger, Company E, Bat- \
talion U. S. Engineers; Sergeant Albert
W. Townsend. Troop B, Third U. S. Cav
alry; Corporal Robert O. Vanhorn, Com
pany C, Twelfth United States Infantry; j
Private William K. McCue, Company B, |
Sixth United States Infantry; Corporal
King, Troop X, Fifth U. S. Cavalry; Cor
poral Henry S. Wygant, Company C,
Sixth U. S. Infantry; Sergeant Daniel
Frank Kelley, Troop A, Sixth U. S. Cav
alry; Private Kaston Ruttledge Gibson,
Company D, Twentieth U. S. Infantry.
Civilian applicants for appointments
as second lieutenant, U. S. A., designat
ed by the President, include the fol
lowing from Western States:
California— Charles R. Lloyd, private,
Battery A, Connecticut Volunteers; Geo.
W. Bauer, honor graduate University of
California; James Malcolm Graham, color
sergeant, Cadet Company, First Infantry,
National Guard of California.
Colorado— Lyman ML Bass; Archie J.
Harris, honor graduate Agricultural Col
lege of Colorado.
Idaho— Alexander J. McXab Jr., private, j
Company D, First Idaho Volunteer In
fantry; Joseph L. Gilbreth, honor gradu
ate, University of Idaho.
Illinois— Campbell F. Babcock, private,
First U. S. Cavalry Volunteers; James E.
Bell, private. Company C, First Illinois
Volunteer Infantry; Robert E. Frith, j
Donald McNulta, John P. Olsen. privates, I
National Guard of Illinois; William A. I
Talbot Jr.. private, Seventy-rtrst New I
York Volunteers; George Williams. Ralph
Brower, honor graduates University of !
Illinois.
lowa— James Frederick Howell, gradu
ate Cornell University, New York; Harry
B, Whitney, graduate. cad«t captain, j
lowa State Normal School; P. M. Shaffer,
honor graduate, lowa State Normal ,
School.
Kansas— Thomas R. Parker, late ser
geant Twentieth U. S. Infantry; Carlan
son Martin, civil engineer; Mark Wheeler,
honor graduate Kansas Agricultural Col
lege.
Among those from Maine is Henry Mc-
Pheraon Merriam, a student of Stanford
University. California.
Minnesota— John T. Jones, sergeant Mln- i
nesota Volunteers; William Keith Taylor,
graduate Michigan Military Academy:
Charles H. Whipple Jr., graduate Shat
tuck Military School, Minnesota; John
Robert Rigby Hannah, graduate Univer
sity of Minnesota; William B. Folwell,
first lieutenant. Company L, Minnesota
Volunteers.
Missouri— Gaston Soulard Turner, grad
uate Western Military Academy of Illi
nois; Irwin Harrison, Woodson Hocker,
privates, Third Missouri Volunteers; Ed
ward A. Macklln, late sergeant Battery
A, United States Artillery (Fifth"); Joseph |
A. Wickham Jr., John N. Straat Jr., honor
graduate St. Louis University.
Montana— Bryan Conrad, late private
Fourth United StatMf Cavalry, lieutenant
Montana Volunteers"
Nebraska— Frank S. Burr, graduate
Shattuck Military School. Minnesota; W.
S. Valentine, graduate Shattuck Military
School of Minnesota; William H. Ourey,
honor graduate, University of Nebraska.
Nevada — Robert Brambila, honor grad
uate University of Nevada.
North Dakota— Charles H. Foster, Quar
termaster sergeant North Dakota Volun
teers; Edward Robbins, honor graduate
University of North Dakota.
Oregon— William H. Jordan Jr.. Com-
Fiany H, Second Oregon Volunteer Tn
antry; Ralph W. Terrill. honor graduate
Agricultural College of Oregon.
South Dakota— Rush Spencer Wells, cap
tain United States Second Volunteer Cav
alry: Elmer J. Wallace, honor graduate
University of South Dakota.
Texas— Clifton Kinney. private, Texas I
Volunteers; William S. Simpson, corporal I
Troop D, First United States Volunteer
Cavalry, Edward E. Downs, one and a
half years United States Military Acad
emy; Charles T." Todd. honor graduate i
Agricultural and Mechanics College of
Texas.
Utah— Philip Sheridan Shaughnessv
honor graduate Rivervlew Military Acad
emy. New York: Charles A. Jensen, honor
graduate Agricultural College of Utah.
Washington— Henry M. Boutelle, Ed
ward Kunet, honor graduate Washington
Military College.
Wisconsin— Henry G. "West, late captain
Fourth Wisconsin, National Guard: Harry
T. James, three years United States Mili
tary Academy; W. E. Haze, honor gradu
ate University of Wisconsin; Laurence A.
Curtis, graduate Shattuck Military School
of Minnesota.
Wyoming— George Gregory, lieutenant
colonel Wyoming National Guard; Herber
J. Breea, honor graduate University of
Wyoming.
TWO ALASKAN VESSELS
GIVEN UP AS LOST
Schooners City of Sitka and Sloop
Senorita Have Probably Gone
Down.
SEATTLE. June 19.— Two email vessels
and ten men are among the unfortunates
engulfed by the Alaskan waters. The
little schooner City of Sltka with three
men aboard left Sitka for Wrang-el on
March 80. She never reached her destin
ation, and the steamer North Star has
just picked up a piece of her spar, indi
cating that the vessel was lost.
It was about February 1 when the
Bloop Senorita left Seattle for Juneau.
She has never been heard from since,
and seven men aboard are supposed to
have found watery graves.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1398.
DR. JOHN BLAIR GIBBS, Who Was Killed In the Fight at
Guantanamo a Week Ago.
SAYS MONTIJO
IS A COWARD
Hongkong Paper's Story
of Manila.
SPANISH ADMIRAL'S FLIGHT
WAS AMONG THE lIRST TO
REACH SHORE.
Archbishop of Manila Issues a
Pastoral in Which He Bitterly
Assails the Ameri
cans.
Special DUpatch to The Call.
TACOMA, June 19.— The Oriental
9teamship Olympia, arriving here to
day, brings Chinese papers which ac
cuse Admiral Montijo of cowardice at
the battle of Manila. A special corre
spondent of the Hongkong Telegraph
writes to his paper from Manila, say-
Ing that the Admiral did nothing more
than flee from one vessel to the other
during the engagement. He was
among the nrst ashore, and almost be
fore the battle was over was at his
country villa beyond the city. He had
not even allowed his captains to know
where the Cavite anchorage was
mined, and tl s is given as a reason
why some of the mines were exploded
before the American ships approached
them. They were exploded in order to
give Sranish vessels a chance to cross
the line.
Colonel San Miguel of the Jjattery
committed suicide when he found the
supply of ammunition was not what
had been represented. Frauds had been
committed which had disposed of the
stock.
The Archbishop of Manila has issued
a pastoral in which he declares:
"Very soon the country will see an
insurmountable barrier placed between
you and -your masters; there will be
then for you no situation nor repre
sentation, nor can you even participate
in the government of the towns. You
will be reduced to a separate civil state,
villified and degraded like those of the
lowest caste, and like miserable labor
ers reduced to the condition of coolies,
and further to that of beasts or ma
chines, supplied or fed by a handful of
rice thrown in your faces as a daily al
lowance, simply to secure the fruits of
your labor. This is not all. The worst
is that you will see the . ruin of your
temples or that they will be turned into
Protestant chapels, where there is no
altar. Oh, this is hard! God, the Vir
gin and all are gone and the cross will
have disappeared from your ceme
teries, the crucifix from your schools
and the ministers of the true God who
made you Christians through baptism."
He urges the Spanish to resist with
all their power the Americans.
There is a strong anti-British feel
ing among the Spanish in Manila, who
are of the opinion that the English peo
ple have shown their sympathy with
the United States too openly. It is
claimed by the Spanish that the Brit
ish Government even supplied a pilot
to take the fleet into Manila harbor.
Captain Cobban of the collier Zanro
was accused of being the pilot.
A dispatch from Canton tells of a pi
ratical raid sixty miles above the city.
Pirates boarded the Chinese steamer
Wingsal at Canton as passengers, and.
reaching a favorable point, attacked
the crew, which resisted, and after sev
eral hours fighting drove them from the
boat. The steamer drifted ashore dur
ing the struggle and had not been
floated several days later.
Serious rioting is reported from
Shashi, in China. The customs sta
tion was burned and the Commissioner
of Customs made away with. The Brit
ish consulate was attacked and the
flagstaff torn down and the flag torn to
shreds. The building was then burned
to the ground.
RepoTts from Canton state that the
grave diggers are not able to keep up
with the death list from the plague.
There are reports of serious diffi
culty between the Chinese and French
Governments, arising from the fact
that French experts were employed to
take charge of the Foo Chow arsenal.
The French assumed too much author
ity and their contract w-as annulled
and pay withheld. The hitch was re
ported to the French Minister at Pek
ing, and resulted in sending two war
ships to Foo Chow, taking p. position
where the arsenal would be at the
mercy of the French guns. The Chi
nese directors were prevented from flee
ing for safety by a hint that flight
would be a signal to seize the ar
senal. The French demands practi
cally amount to giving: the French pos
session of the arsenaL
SPARRING FOR
ANNEXATION
Friends of the Scheme
Harassed.
CHANGE THE PLAN OF ACTION
JOINT RESOLUTION INSTEAD
OF A TREATY.
Great Activity of the Opposition In
dicates That the Senate Win
Take No Action This
Session.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON,' 'June 19.— The Ha
waiian question will again come to the
front in the Senate during the present
week, but under somewhat different
circumstances from those which at
tended its presentation at the beginning
of the session. The purpose was then,
as It is now, to secure the annexation
of the islands for the United States, but
the effort at that time was to secure
this result by means of a treaty,
whereas the present course was through
the instrumentaJity of ajolntresolutlon.
On the first occasion the matter was
considered in executive session with the
public excluded, while now the doors
are to be thrown open and the world
invited.
What the outcome of the question
may lie, or when the vote may be
reached, no one will undertake to say
positively. The leaders on both sides
are full of prophecy, but there Is so
much discrepancy between their opin
ions as to render it necessary to discard
one in order to accept the other. The
friends of annexation assert there is
no possible doubt of their ability to
pass the resolution, and say they have
forty-six Senators, or one more than a
quorum, pledged to remain in the Sen
ate until the question can be decided,
while the opposing leaders declare that
forty-eight Senators huve assured
them they will vote to adjourn in pref
erence to remaining in session indefi
nitely for the consideration of the Ha
waiian question.
The supporters of the proposition ex
press confidence that action will be se
cured within ten days, while the op
position contend that it will be found
to be impossit.l% to secure a vote dur
ing the present session of Congress.
The advocates of annexation declare
that they will not make any speeches,
leaving the opponents to occupy all the
time to be consumed by this means.
The opposition say they are willing to
make the speeches if compelled to do
so, but that if forced to do this they
will insist that the friends of the meas
ure shall maintain a constant quorum
in the chamber. They also predict that
the annexationists will find themselves
compelled to participate in the proceed
ings, as they expect to advance points
which will demand refutation, or at
least reply.
In view of this generally contradic
tory condition one can only base a pre
diction upon general conditions. There
is no doubt, In the first place, that the
annexationists have a majority in the
Senate if a vote can be reached. If a
vote could be gotten now the result
would be about 54 for^annexation to 35
against in a full Senate. Of these fifty
four Senators there are, however, quite
a number who are not zealous and in
whose minds all doubt as to the polioy
of acquisition of outside territory has
not been overcome. These Senators, as
a rule, are indisposed to remain in ses
sion for any length of time during the
hot summer months to consider Hawa
iian annexation. Most of the Senators
of this class are Republicans, and there
are probably a sufficient number of
them under normal circumstances to
join with the Democrats to force an ad
journment. They find themselves con
fronted, however, with the request of
the administration to remain and pass
the resolution as a war measure, and
some of them are disposed to sink their
own preferences in obedience to the
Presidential wish.
The gossip as to the probability of a
postponement until a fixed day in the
next session increases and many per
sons are predicting that this will be the
outcome of the contest. A test vote
probably will be secured Monday on
the taking up of the resolution, as It
will be necessary in order to get It up
to displace other measures on the cal
endar. _______ _______
Millers' Association President Dead.
COLDWATER, Mich., Juno 19.— William
A. Collins, president of the National Mil
lers' Association, died to-day, aged 53.
FLAMES AIDED
BY HIGH WINDS
Conflagration Rages in
Tracy.
BUSINESS SECTION BURNED
THREE BLOCKS OF BUILDINGS
IN ASHES.
Having No Fire-Fighting Facilities,
the Citizens Strive Vainly to
Save the Town From De
struction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TRACY, June 19.— Three blocks of
buildings— the entire business portion
of Tracy— are in ruins. Fire started at
12:45 o'clock in a restaurant on Front
street occupied by Mrs. Mary Mann.
It was caused by the explosion of a
gasoline stove. The wind was blowing
a gale and the efforts of the citizens
to stay the flames were of no avail.
The conflagration died out only when
there was nothing more for it to con
sume.
There was some hope o-f intercepting
the fire when it reached the Odd Fel
lows' Hail, a new three-story brick
building, but it burned as if it were a
bundle of shavings. Some people lost
their effects after they had been moved
into the street.
The residence portion of the town was
saved by the hard work of the citizens.
C. E. Rosin suffered the fracture of a
leg by jumping from the seccmd-story
of Odd Fellows' Hall. Two switch en
gines of the Southern Pacific Company
were brought into requisition, but were
of no avail. The whole city front is
now one mass of blackened ruins.
The first two blocks which were
burned faced the main street in a sort
of half circle, the third block being
built on a different line. After devour
ing the frame building where the fire
started, the flames destroyed the Com
mercial Hotel, Maroon's saloon, G.
Buschke's building, occupied as a gen
eral merchandise store, the Arlington
Hotel and Fabian & Co.'s general mer
chandise store. The flames then jumped
the street, leveling the Tracy Hotel, the
San Joaquin Hotel, Buddworth's mer
ohandise store, Ludwig's saloon and
residence, the Odd Fellows' building,
Canale Bros.' store, two unoccupied
buildings and the residence of Mrs.
Byrnes.
Again the flames leaped a street and
destroyed the residence of Mrs. Gaf
fery, a bakery, the residences of C. O.
Hill, John Hess, of E. Gieseke and
Gieseke's livery stable. The horses
were saved before the fire reached the
stable. Eight windmills and tank
houses in the three blocks were de
stroyed.
Following are the losses, with Insur
ance: Simpson & Gray, $500, insured;
Mrs. Fairchiid, $5000, insured $1200; Mrs.
Kohler, $SuO, insured $300; D. Silver
stein, $5000, insured $1000; Commercial
Hotel, $2000, Insured; O. J. Holland,
$700, Insured $300; P. Holm, $1000, in
sured $500; C. A. Douglass, $2500, in
sured $1000; Mrs. J. Cox, $300, no insur
ance; G. A. D. Bushke, $2000, no insur
ance; P. Fabian, $-o,uOo, insured $10,
000; Chris Ludwig, $10,000, insured
$5000; George Budsworth, $1000, Insured
$450; Henry Ludwig, $1500, insured
$500; Odd Fellows' Hall, $14,000, in
sured $7500; G. O. Wilson, $3000, insured
$1000; H. Stoteran, $700, ncr insurance;
C. Canale, $12,000, insurance $6000; Mrs.
M. J. Byrnes, $2000, insured; Ernest
Gieseke, $8000. insured $1700; J. Hess,
$2000, insured $1300; Landsorff, $500, in
sured; C. Hansen, $500, no insurance;
Mrs. Mann, $200, no insurance; C. O.
Hill, $2800, insured $1200.
PARK CITY SWEPT
BY A CONFLAGRATION
Flames Destroy Property Valued
at About One Million
Dollars.
SALT LAKE, Utah, June 19.— A spe
cial to the Tribune from Park City,
Utah, says: To-night the ideal mining
camp of Park City is a mass of un
sightly ruins. The fire to which it suc
cumbed began at 4 o'clock this morning
and continued -with awful fury for
nearly eight hours. Main street, from
the point at which the fire originated
to the Union Pacific Depot, is ruined.
Park avenue has sustained losses that
cannot be computed with any degree
of accuracy. The Chinese quarter is
completely wiped out and not a dwell
ing remains on Rossie Hill.
The fire originated in the Freeman
House or American Hotel. Twenty min
utes later great crowds of people filled
the streets. The flames spread from
the original structure and sped north
ward. The John Funk barber shop,
Thompson & Jorgensen's butcher shop
and the Ives & Keith STables were en
veloped. The wind swept on, urging
the flames, that were now whipped
across the street, where they attacked
Dahlgreen's residence, a weak but
pretty structure, that succumbed like
chaff. Then the grocery store con
ducted by W. H. Roy was consumed.
Business blocks and dwellings were
swept away alike. Through the busi
ness houses the fire gnawed its way
and reached the residences on Park
avenue. Here reside the aristocratic
portion of Park City's population. One
by one on the east side of this avenue
the dwellings fell. No less than sev
enty-five residences, valued at from
$500 to $3000 each, were reduced.
Along Main street one business block
after another fell, the entire Fire De
partment, re-enforced by thousands of
willing hands, together with all ap
paratus, including three hose carts and
a hook-and-ladder truck, was engaged
in the struggle.
Appeals for help were addressed to
Salt Lake and Ogden, and at 10:15
o'clock a squad of Salt Lake's Fire
Department arrived. Following it
was a troop from the Ogden Fire De
partment. The fire at the time had
reached the Crescent concentrator, the
northern extremity of its course, which
fell with a deafening crash. The aux
iliary department turned its streams to
play around the Marsac Mill, making a
desperate fight to save that historical
structure. Three streams, fed by a
reservoir above, were played upon it
from 4:15 to 9:30 a. m.
The estimated loss is about $1,000,000,
with light insurance, which is distrib
uted among a large number of compa
nies. The actual figures cannot be ob
tained to-night.
OPEBA-HOUSE BURNED.
Heavy Loss Caused by a Conflagra-
tion in Albuquerque.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., June 19.—
Grant's Opera House, which was one
of the finest buildings in New Mexico,
was destroyed by fire to-day. The lower
story was occupied by Ilfeld's dry
goods store and the second floor by the
theater and offices. The loss ia about
$240,000; insurance $118,000.
GERMANY HAS
ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA
OF INTERVENTION
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
BERLIN, June 19.— 1 am expressly authorized by the
Foreign Office to repeat the assurances already £Iven the
United States Government that Germany has no object In
the Philippines except the protection of the lives and
property of Germans, Swiss and Portuguese. Germany
has absolutely no idea of intervention.
SOLDIERS HAVE
A DAY OF REST
Camp Thomas Observes
the Sabbath.
SERMONS INSTEAD OF DRILLS
IDEAL WEATHER AND GENERAL
GOOD ORDER.
Recruits for Various Regiments Are
Still Pouring In — Movements of
Troops in Other Parts of
the Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICKAMAUGA, CHATTANOOGA
NATIONAL PARK, Ga,. June 19.—To
day was an exceptionally beautiful one
at Camp Thomas and a cool breeze con
tinuously astir made park life a de
light It was significantly a day of rest
among 1 the soldiers. All drills were
omitted and the Sabbath was generally
observed. In this respect the day was
somewhat in contrast with many of its
predecessors. The chaplains of the va
rious regiments held services and the
Y. M. C. A. and evangelistic cohorts
were actively at work. The reverence
with which these services were listened
to and the general good order which
prevailed among the camps were sig
nificant of the high moral tone which
pervades the entire army. The soldiers
were forbidden to congregate at points
of amusement and practically all re
mained in camp with the exception of
some who had permission to spend the
day on Lookout Mountain.
The efforts of General Boynton and
the Georgia authorities to restore order
at Lytle and rid the outskirts of gamb
ling houses have been productive of
good results. At Lytle to-day all sa
loons and gambling houses were her
metically closed.
Six hundred recruits for various regi
ments arrived during the day, making
a total for three days of nearly 1800,
and the daily arrivals promise to in
crease rapidly. Prominent among to- 1
day's arrivals were the following: Brig
adier General Peter C. Hayes, Third
Division, First Army Corps; Brigadier
General J. P. Sanger, Sixth Army
Corps, under General "Wilson; Major
Clayton Parkhill, Surgeon United
States, First Division, First Army
Corps. Major Parkhill had been as
signed as surgeon in Merritt's camp
and was to have gone to Manila ac
cording to first orders.
PORTLAND, Ore., June 19.— Early
this morning a special train over the
Northern Pacific arrived from St. Paul
with 312 men and three commissioned
officers to recruit the Thirteenth Min
nesota Volunteer Regiment to its max
imum. They left shortly after for San
Francisco in a special train over the
Southern Pacific. In every seat of the
train boxes of lunch and a pail#of
strawberries had been placed early In
the evening by women of the Oregon
Emergency Corps. The seats and walls
of the cars were brightened with flow
ers in profusion.
Twenty-seven recruits left here for
San Francisco to-night to join the Sec
ond Oregon Volunteer Regiment in
Manila.
WASHINGTON, June 19.— 1f practi
cable, the commissary branch of the
War Department will make arrange
ments for the supply 01 the troops
which go to the Philippines with fresh
beef and fresh vegetables In reason
able quantities. Those soldiers who
have started already to Manila have a
supply of canned beef, but the prefer
ence of the men naturally is for the
fresh or refrigerated article, and It is
probable if adequate room aboard the
steamers can be secured the depart
ment will send a "arge quantity to the
i<=land3. Onions, potatoes and canned
tomatoes constitute the principal arti
cles of the soldiers' diet, and an effort
will be made to s^nd an ample supply
with eacn ship thr-t goes to the islands
that can accomodate them.
PUEBLO, Colo., June 19.— Laden
with flowers and with food lor v week,
supplitw by the feoldiers 'Aid Society,
ninety-eight recruits for the First
Colorado, now en route to Manila, left
for 'San I'rancisco to-night in com
mand of ..^tenant Bidwell. The
armory and the Union depot, whence
they took their departure, were
thronged with cheering people.
THROUGH A DANGEROUS
SURGICAL OPERATION
Senator Hanna's Brother Gets a New
Lease of Life After Great
Suffering.
BOSTON, June 19.— H. Melville Hanna,
brother of Senator Mark Hanna, has re
cently undergone a serious surgical opera
tion in Boston, from the effects of which
he is now slowly recovering. The oper
ation was performed at St. Margaret's
Hospital, and was a most delicate one,
successful results having been attained
In only eight instances in the history of
surgery. The operation was for an af
fliction of the throat, caused by the for
mation of a small sack behind the aeso
phagus, which made the swallowing of
food practically impossible. In order to
reach the seat of the disease an opening
was made on the side of the neck, extend
ing around the larynx and aesophagus,
through a multiple of small blood ves
sels. Although attended with great dan
ger, the sac was successfully removed
and the opening closed by Dr. Maurice A
Richardson, Boston's foremost surgeon'
and an old-time Harvard athlete, who was
the operating physician.
SLUICE-BOX ROBBERS
MAKE A RICH HAUL
Several Thousand Dollars in Gold
Taken From an Oregon Plaoer
Mine.
BAKER CITY, Or.. June 19.— Word has
reached here from Grant Bros.' mine on
the North Fork of the John Day river,
forty-five miles west of Baker City, that
sluice-box robbers made a heavy clean
up in the mine on Thursday night.
The property is one of the biggest pla
cer gold producers in Eastern Oregon.
The night shift was laid off for repairs
and the bold thieves must have secured
several thousand doMars, as after the
theft $1200 was obtained from leavings by
the owners.
QUICK MOVE
ON PORTO RICO
Expedition Is to Leave
Early in July.
PREPARATIONS ARE RUSHED
GENERAL MILES ATTENDING TO
THE DETAILS.
It Is Expected Santiago Will Have
Fallen Before the Army
Is Ready to
Start.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 19.— A "Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Offi
cials in the "War Department ar* of the
opinion that the Porto Rico expedition
will leave the United States early in
July. Most active preparations are be
ing made under the direct supervision
of Major General Miles to hurry this
expedition as rapidly as possible-. Or
ders have been issued to the chiefs vt
Ihe various bureaus connected with
the fitting out of an army to rush sup
plies with all speed to Femandinn.
It is hoped by the officials of the ad
ministration that by the time the ex
pedition is in readiness to leave the
United States the city of bantiago and
Admiral Cervera's fleet will have sur
rendered to the joint land and navel
forces of the United States. If such is
the case the larger part of the fleet can
be withdrawn fn i Santi 30 and sent
to San Juan to shell the forts at that
place and incidentally protect the land
ing army.
Most extensive preparations for the
embarking of troops are being made at
Fernandina. Major General Miles,
having himself seen the departure ..f
the Santiago expedition, knows exactly
the cause of the delay experienced in
getting off that army and does not in
tend that there shall be any repetition
of the trouble in sending his command
away. The army that will constitute
the Porto Rican expedition will be se- A
lected from the ; rmy at all points of*
encampment. he object of General
Miles is to take with him the very best
equipped and organized troops now In
the United States, regardless of the
present situation.
CORBETTS NEW PLAY,
"A KENTUCKY HERO.''
Written by a California Friend of the
Ex-Champion and Praised by
the Critics.
NEW YORK, June 19.— "A Kentucky
Hero" is the title of a military comedy
drama which may .be produced by James
J. Corbett next season, says a local pa
per. The piece is by Robert Jefferson Fer
ral, son of ex-Judge Ferral of California,
an old-time friend of the former cham
pion. Corbett has just finished a careful
reading of the play and thinks very well
of it.
"Before considering the play I read
some criticisms on it, written by the wisa
gentlemen who try to mold the opinion,
of theater-goers on the coast." said Cor
bett. "Most of the opinions were partic
ularly strong in favor of the piece, and I
don't think undue praise has been be
stowed. If Mr. Brady likes the piece as
well as I do we shall certainly produce it
next season. I am inclined to think, how
ever, that we might select a better title
for it."
The play is on the order of "The Heart
of Maryland."
M'KINLEY'S WARNING
DISPLEASES SPANIARDS
MADRID, June 19. 9 p. m.— The state
ment that President McKinley has
sent to Admiral Cervera and General
Pando messages saying that he would
hold them personally responsible for
the lives of Lieutenant Hobson and his
men has produced a disagreeable im
pression here in military circles, as
showing that President McKinley dis
trusts the military honor of the Span
iards, who, on their part, despise all
threats. Such messages, it is declared,
render the future exchange of the pris
oners most unlikely.
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
INCORPOCATIO I y H^^'y
LEADING CASH GROCERS.
SPECIAL SALE FDR THE WEEK.
BUTTER, Point Reyes— sini
Creamery, fresh, 3 squares .....?1«"J
COFFEE (Mocha and Java), 3f lbs $1.00
Whole or ground.
BEANS, in Tomato Sauce—
Armours 4-lb tin 2 for 35 0
Armour's 2-lb tin......... ...........2 for 250
Armour's 1-lb tin ..........3 for 250
BLEACHING 50AP...... 5? for $1.00
Perfect large cakes.
TABLE FRUITS (Peaches and
Apricots ......... 11 cans $1.00
Standard brands. , "-'£
SARDINES, Imported. . . .'.lO cans 95c
Vi tins, | regular 12% c.
PICNIC AND TOURIST SUPPLIES.
TELEPHONE SOUTH 292.
Send for 'Catalogue.
We ship goods to the country free of charge
within 100 miles. . '.
1324 - 1326 MARKET STREET
And 134 SIXTH STREET, r
YALE UNIVERSITY.
Examinations for admission to the freshman
classes In .Tale College and the Sheffield Sci-
entific School • will be held In the Urban School,
2124 , California at, beginning 6a Thursday.
June 80. at 9 a. m.
.., — .-.. . . ■ - < ■PREPARED
TO DESTROY
CAIMANERA
Inhabitants of th>e City
Will fJpply the Torch
Before Fleeing.
Situation of tfye Besieged Is Fear
ful and the People Are Eat
ing Fjorses and Mules.
OX BOARD ASSOCIATED
PRESS DISPATCH BOATPAN
DT, OFF QUANTANAMO, June
IS (via Kingston, Jamaica, June
1!; )- — Cuban scouts report to-day
that the Inhabitants of Caima
nera have strewn the streets with
straw and oil with the intention
of destroying the city and fleeing
to the hills. Caimanera lies four
miles up the bay from Camp Mc-
Calla, under the guns of the
American ships and the situation
is desperate. Strsrvir.pr and fam
ine-stricken, convinced of the ul
■ triumph of the American
arms and without faith in the
protection of the Spanish sol
diery, the people are believed te
have determined to leave their
bouses in ashes behind them and
seek safety in the hills of the
north. The scouts declare that
building of the town is be
ins rapidly prepared for the
torch.
Tho situation of the bes'.pged is a
fearful one. The people are eating
horses and mules and are scouring the
hills for fruits and herbs. Occasionally
brief bombardments by the American
I saves the helpless citizens terror
stricken, no preparations for defense
made, tt is also stated that the
ilsh gunboat at Caimanera has
been loaded with inflammables and will
be burned with the city, her command
er declaring that she will never become
an American prize.
The scouts also say that the Spanish
ers are In almost as complete a i
state of panic as are the civilians and
that they could easily be induced to
nder. Some of the prisoners taken
by the marines also say they believe the i
Spanish troops aro on the verge of sur
> r, owing to the lack of food.
tain McCalla of the cruiser Mar
• > ■ Col >nel Hunt
f the marines, are \
Bure, a t the reported
Spanish rout They received informa- i
rday that a general attack by
. ?..")00 Spanish soldiers and '
guerrilla? on Camp McCalla is contem- j
i v ;thin a night or two. Prepara
tion was made for an assault. "'Vhen
the Associated Press dispatch boat
:>• arrived in Guantanamo the hills
• the marine c imp were brilliant ■.
the shifting rays of the search- i
lirrht? of the Marblehead, Dolphin and
Scorpion and the marines were lying In j
the rifle- pits, ;-.t the guns, ready and
fiiixious for battle, but the night passed
without the firing of a shot.
The same watchful care was exer
cised to-day, as Captain McCalla is
i that an attack is likely to
at any time.
T'r.o lowa joined the flpet here this
morning and later the admiral came
■jrhip to inspect thp for
tions and confer with Captain &Ie
» and Lieutenant Colonel Hunting-
ton.
The coast In the vicinity of Guanta
namo Is clotted with the bright-hued
Cuban flag. Numerous camps of the in
pnrgents have been established alonE?
the beach between Santiago and this
place, and are used by the admiral as
means of communication with the
Cub.in 3in the Interior. The aid which
these men have given has proved highly
valuable to the Americans. Their
Etories of the destitution and revolt
among the Spanish soldiers in this vi
cinity have been corroborated by inter
views with prisoners captured around
the • hi".
.-•ral Perejo, who is in command of
tho Spanish forces here, is undoubtedly
i itaining of
food for his men. The prisoners who
have been captured appear to have
111-fed, and are apparently indif
• to their fate.
Another body of five Spaniards was
captured yesterday by Ensign A. A.
Pratt of the Marblehead. While cruis
ing in a steam launch outside the bay
he picked up a forty foot sloop con-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales overs, 000,000 Boxes
™ PII&S *•
FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERB
such as Wind and Pain in tho Stomach,
Giddiness, Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costtveness.
blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sloop. Frightful Dreams and nil
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge •|i>:in to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEKCIIAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly' remove
obstructions or Irrosrulnrities of the sys-
tom and cure M<-k Headache. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pells are
Without a Rival
And have tho
LARGEST SALE
Of any Pa: rut Medicine In the World.
25c. at all Druic Stores.
I taining a Spanish captain by the name
of Tores and four sailors. They said
they were on their way to Guantanamo
i to get a supply of oil for the lighthouse
at Cape Maysl, but the papers found
on the sloop proved that they had been
Bent to obtain information relative to
the American forces. The crew of the
; sloop asserted that they had been Ill
fed and frightfully ill-treated by the
Spanish commander of the Cape Maysi
forces.
There was a brief bombardment of a
' blockhouse up the bay by the battle
; ship Oregon yesterday and it is believed
that at least a score of Spaniards were
i killed. Scouting parties report that the
blockhouse was completely destroyed,
but that they were unable to discover
any bodies, the remais of the soldiers
i who had been killed probably having
been carried off by their comrades.
Late this afternoon the flagship New
York returned to the fleet off Santiago
de Cuba,
The marines are growing very rest
less, owing to the delay in the arrival
of the reinforcements of troops, but it
is generally believed here to-day that
the transports will reach Santiago not
later than Monday.
A rumor to the effect that Lieutenant
Hobson and his fellow heroes have been
seen on the walls of Morro Castle under
a Spanish guard caused much excite
ment among the fleet off Santiago to
day, but the story is discredited on
Commodore Schley's flagship. The offi
| cers say that the Spanish sentries were
mistaken as to the American prisoners.
SAN JUAN EXPECTS
AN EARLY ATTACK
Fortifications Strengthened and
Mines Laid at the Harbor
Entrance.
NEW YORK, June 19.— The Herald
correspondent at San Juan, Porto Rico,
sends the following under date of June
'.<: Since the bombardment of the city
on May 12 there has been a general
feeling of unrest, uneasiness and un
• iii. tint;,' as to what is to come next,
as it is too clearly evident that matters
will not rest long in statu quo. None
of the Spanish fleet have arrived in
port yet except the torpedo-boat Ter
ror, which is thought to be a grand
acquisition to the defenses. Her sis
ter vessel, the Furor, lies at Martinique,
ling to latest advices. The other
warships in port are the usual ones —
the Isabella 11, Ponce de Leon and
the Concha. The armed transatlantic
steamship Alfonso XIII lies laden with
provisions f<">r Santiago or Borne othfr
Cuban port, but does not seem inclined
to move out. She made a quick run a
few days ago to Mayaguez and Ponce
to carry provisions to the small garri
sons there.
l'ro\ Isions are very scarce and prices
have been Increased 75 per ci ia above
the normal. In the interior of the
island the conditions are titill worse.
No work is being done on the estates.
Thousands of men are unemployed and
misery and hunger are rife. Prisoners
are working briskly on earthworks and
are repairing and strengthening batter
ies.
The mines at the harbor entrance
h;iv«' li">-n laid further seaward, cov
ering all the lines the United States
took during the bombardment,
which was too close in to have effect
on Morro, which lies on the flat top of
the cliff.
The island has now a population of
1,000,000. The purely Spanish element
may be counted as only one-tenth of
the whole.
OF GREAT IMPORTANCE
TO ARMY OFFICERS.
Secretary Alger Renders a Decision
Sustaining the Paymaster
General.
WASHINGTON, June 19.— Secretary i
Ah r hns*rendered a decision of great'
importance to army officers, in which
he holds that men serving within the '■
Hi;, Us of the United States at a tii.it- j
I when theve Is no foreign army within j
paid limits are not "operating against
an enemy," notwithstanding the exist- j
ence of war conditions. The case upon |
which the decision was based arose in j
connection with the claim of some offl- j
cers who had exercised a higher com- j
mand than their gTade, and who con
tended they were entitled to the pay
of the higher grade. The paymaster- j
general maintained that the troops I
were not operating against the enemy j
until they had actually left the shores ■
of the United States, ar.d in this he j
is upheld by the Secretary. The Sec- j
rotary has decided also that for the i
purpose of restricting assignments to
command under Section 'i o-f the volun- !
teer army to "competent authority,"
such authority can be exercised only
by the Secretary of War or by the
commanding general of an army "oper
ating against an enemy."
CHARACTERIZES THE
RUMOR AS ABSURD.!
§ _ *
WASHINGTON, June Adjutant-
General Corbin characterizes as ab
surd the published report that he j
would be given an important command ;
at the front and in a measure would
succeed General ; Miles in the direction
of military affairs. Such a thing, he
said, ' had never entered ; his '{ mind, or,
so far as he knew, that of any one else
in . authority. He: had never heard it j
intimated from any responsible source
that General •., Miles might ': be r relieved
of some of his duties, and he did not
believe that such a thing was ever con
sidered. And, even were it: true, it was
beyond reason, he added, that his ; (Cor- I
bin's) position would , be changed In
consequence. ", J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1898.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL ROBERT W. HUNTINGTON, U, S. N.,
Who Commanded the Detachment of Marines Landed In
Guantanamo Bay,
RUIN AND
DEATH ON
ALL SIDES
Fjavoc Wrought by trje
Recent Bombardment
of Santiago.
piag at Fjalf-Mast or) tfye Morro
Causes Alarm as to Hob
son's pate.
ON BOARD THE ASSOCIATED
PRESS DISPATCH BOAT DAUNT
LESS, OFF SA-.TIAGO De' CUBA,
June 18 (via Kingston Jamafca, June
19).— A careful inspection of : the for
tifications along the crest qf the hills
defending Santiago Harbor^since the
bombardment Thursday morning shows
the American gunners spread wreck
and ruin everywhere. Some of the bat
teries were demolished beyond re
pair. The vultures which circled over
the hills as thi^k as swallows around
a chimney for hours after the firing
ceased furnished grewsoroe evidence of
thi fatality among the Spanish soldiers.
Hundreds of troops could be seen from
the ships digging in mounds of earth
piled by the explosions of the projec
tiles from the heavy guns for bodies,
while their heads were fanned by the
wluks of tho black scavengers of the
lield.
There wi re two spots, one on the east
and the other en the west of the harbor
entrance, which wpre denuded of foli
age. The hill tops soemed literary
blown away. These marked the piaces
where the two hundred pound eh
Of guncotton blown by the Vesuvius
landed.
Itut thf most ominous token of death
flew from MOITO Castle. The saffron
flag of Spain was half-masted for sev
eral hours. The significance of this is
j not known. It is not customary to half
■ mast Hags, but possibly some Spanish
j leader was killed by the heavy tire of
! the guns, though some officers of the
j squadron believe the flag was half
i masted as a notification to the Ameri
i cans that Lieutenant Ilobson and his
' brave men were dead. If such is the
case they must have been wantonly
| murdered. The Spanish might seek to
i lay their death to the bombardment,
| but not a shot from the Americans
| struck the fortress.
Neither Admiral Sampson nor Cotn
i modore Schley believe that Lieutenant
Hobson and his party have been killed.
We have seventeen prisoners taken at
i Guantanatno, including a lieutenant,
besides a number in the United States,
for reprisals <>r exchange.
There was evident demoralization
i among the Spanish troops during the
! bombardment. Officers could be seen,
; with drawn swords, driving the men to
| the guns, but even then they could not
j be forced to stay so long as our flre
j was directed at them. Fifteen minutes'
night work of the Vesuvius had shat
tered their nerves.
It is believed by some that the 13-
I inch projectile fired from the Texas,
which was reported to have exploded
the powder magazine in one of the
western batteries, did not fall in the
battery, but went beyond and blew up
one of the ships in the harbor.
A dramatic incident of th» bombard
ment was the act of a Spanish officer,
who bravely ran along the parapet un
der a heavy fire, encouraging his men
to stand their ground. Shot and shell
rained about him, and, after one terrific
explosion, he was scon no more and the
parapet had disappeared. He could not
have escaped death.
From the foretop of the Brooklyn,
2900 yards distant, the men in the
grounds could be noticed, but a min
ute later dust and flying debris would
take their places, and when the smoke
raised only a spot of red earth could
be seen — guns and gunners had been
swept away. It was th» most deadly
and destructive bombardment of the
war this far. Scarcely a shot from the
big guns of the squadron v.ent astray.
The aim of our gunners was superb,
and not only were the cr.-ast forts anni
hilated, but the batteries on Cayo '
Smith, up the harbor, were destroyed.
Had ail the ships used smokeless pow
der, as did the New Orleans, there
would remain no signs of guns or forti
fications to Indicate that there had ever
been any defenses there.
There were no casualties on our fleet,
tho-ugh our Bhips held a fixed position.
The half-stripped ships' gunners never
worked with more enthusiasm. The
words of Rear- Admiral Sampson were:
"First silence the batteries on the
shore and then continue firing until the
fortifications are reduced."
This order was stri-tly obeyed. It
was the first time such instructions
had been given and the men responded
with a will. In thirty-eight minutes
the order was given to cease firing and
the message went to each ship from
the admiral:
' Well done."
The officers and men turned in for
breakfast. Every detail of the engage
ment had been executed to the letter,
from the opening of iire by the New
i'ork to the last shot from the lowa.
The Spaniards evidently were sur
prised while strengthening their forti
flcat ions.
Thp first shot from the New York
landed full and fair on the top of the
hills to the east, where the gunners
were already at work erecting new
pieces. The earth 'seemed to rise in
a cloud, and when the 12-inch shells of
the lowa and the 12-inch beauties of
the Oregon landed, squarely and fairly
a great cheer went up from the ships.
The Western squadron got into line
and began firing before the eastern one
did, and the effect of the shots could
be plainly seen. The Spanish gunners
at the batteries could be noted and a
quick fire was returned, but only for
a brief time did they withstand the
terrible assault of the fleet.
HAVANA BLOCKADE
TO BE REENFORCED
Vessels Which Convoyed the Fleet of
Transports Will Return to
Their Posts.
NEW YORK, June ID.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald gays: In ac
cordance with instructions given him
Rear Admiral Sampson will immediate
ly take measures to re-enforce the block
ade squadron on the safe arrival of
troops at Santiago. With the excep
tion of the battlosMp Indiana and the
torpedo boats which accompanied the
troops, the convoy squadron will be
ordered to proceed with all dispatch
back to the western end of Cuba to re
sume its station at the points where it
was located before It was attached to
the convoying fleet. As a result of the
return of these vessels, about fourteen
in number, the authorities say there
will be no further danger of blockade
runners getting through to Cuban
ports.
To Repair the Cable.
MOLE ST. NICHOLAS, June 19.— For
several days the French cable com
pany has been trying to re-establish
its broken cable between here and
Guantanamo and Santiago. Its repair
steamer Mancel finally sailed yesterday
from here to make the repairs, so that
commercial business, which has been
interrupted for the past ten days, can
again be accepted by the French cable
lines. It is understood that the United
States authorities -will permit this
cable to be worked commercially un
der the supervision of its censor, as is
the case with the cable between Ha
vana and Key West.
TWO LITTLE
LAUNCHES
UNDER FIRE
Struck a Hornets' Nest of
Spaniards While Re
eonnoitering.
Crews Escaped Unharmed and
Are Warmly Praised by
Sampson,
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, June 18
(via Kingston, Jamasca, June 19). —
Several attempts to find landing places
for the United States troops within a
distance of two miles west of Santiago
have determined, with previous inquir
ies to the eastward, that the shore for
fifteen miles is lined with Spaniards.
While this will not prevent a landing
close to Santiago it may entail con
siderable delay, as the surrounding
country must be thoroughly shelled and
cleared before the troops can land In
safety.
When Rear-Admiral Sampson yester
day received advices that upward of
thirty transports would be here to-day
(Saturday) he sent word that they
should stand to the south ten miles and
lie there until a landing place had been
secured.
Yesterday at daylight the launches
of the New York and Massachusetts
reconnoitered the shore between Ca
banas, two miles westward of the en
trance to Santiago harbor, and Guaya
cano, two miles further west, both of
which points lie east of the range of
mountains surrounding Santiago Bay.
The launches pushed their noses into
a hornets' nest. The brush was fairly
alive with Spanish troops, infantry and
cavalry, and the fire opened upon tha
launches was so fierce that their re
treat had to be covered by the Vixen
and Texas.
When the Texas asked permission of
Commodore Schley to take a hand the
commodore seized the megaphone and
shouted to Captain Philips: "Yes, go in
and give 'em , Jack!"
The Texas landed several 4-inch
shells on the battery at Cabanas, com
pletely demolishing it. Lieutenant
Sharpe of the Vixen and Lieutenant
Harlow, in command of the launches,
were both complimented by Admiral
Sampson for gallantry.
It is believed the insurgents, who are
In force and under the command of
General Garcia, about fifteen miles
west, will render effective aid in driv
ing the Spanish skirmishers off the
shore.
Following is the abstract of Lieuten
YOUNGEST "MAN" IN
THE NAVAL SERVICE
Heroism of the Fifteen-Year-Old Son
of the Collier Alexander's
Captain.
Copyrighted, I*9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
MOLE ST. NICHOLAS, Hayti, June
19.— The big collier Alexander arrived
at 7 o'clock this morning with a cargo
for the fleet. She is commanded by
Captain W. L Burrcll and Is direct
from Hampton Roads. On board the
Alexander is the youngest "man" In
the United States navy. He is William
Burrell, a son of the captain. He is
15 years old. He was appointed by Sec
retary Long . before the Alexander
sailed. Willie acts as flag lieutenant
and is eager to fight Spain.
The Alexander on her way hore over
hauled a Norwegian bark that looked
like a Spanish ship. A high sea was
running at the time. From one boat in
which were men sent to board the bark
two were thrown into the water near
the steamer's side. Willie superin
tended the lowering of the other, .boat
and saved their lives. When his*»ther
complimented him for his gallantry he
said simply:
"I am sorry, papa, she was not a
Spanish warship."
The Alexander's entire armament
consists of two 3-inch guns.
FRESNO VOLUNTEER
COMMITS SUICIDE.
His Mind Probably Unbalanced by a
Blow Received While Resist-
ing Arrest.
BENICIA, June 19.— Private Joseph
E. Phelps of Company C, Sixth Cali
fornia Volunteer Infantry, located at
Benicia Barracks, shot himself through
the heart with his own rifle this after
noon, dying instantly. He obtained
some notoriety a few weeks ago In San
Francisco by resisting arrest. During
the scuffle he received a severe blow on
the head from a musket, since which
time he has been apparently of unsound
mind To-day his companions noticed
him working his rifle with his foot, with
the muzzle pressed against the body.
Evidently he was testing his intended
method of ending his life.
The officers say that Phelps was a
very good soldier, always obeying or
ders promptly, but he acted as though
he felt keenly disgraced since the affair
in the city.
Phelps was 34 years old. He waa born
in Philadelphia and resided for some
time in Pittsburg. He was in Califor
nia but a few months. He Joined his
company in Fresno. Very little is
known of his private affairs. The offi
cers of the company believe his mother
and sister live somewhere near Fresno.
He will be buried to-morrow.
PASSED THE PEKING
APPROACHING MANILA.
Chinese Steamer Beports the Trans-
port About to Join Dewey on
June 15.
Copyrighted. IS?3. by James Gordon Bennett.
HONGKONG, June 19.— The steamer
Yuen Sang arrived here to-day. She
left Manila June 14 with 1200 passen
gers, mostly Chinese. There were fifty
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
ant Harlow's report to the commander
of the Vixen, dated June 18:
"The expedition consisted of a steam
launch from the Massachusetts in
charge of Cadet Hart and a launch
from the New York in charge of Cadet
Powell. I took passage on the Massa
chusetts' launch, leading the way.
Soundings were taken on entering the
bay close under tho old fort, and we
were preparing to circumnavigate the
bay at full speod when fire was opened
from the fort and rocks on shore. The
Massachusetts' launch was some dis
tance ahead and about forty yards off
the fort. There was no room to turn,
and our one-pounder could not be
brought to bear. We backed and turned
under a heavy fire.
"Cadet Hart operated the gun as soon
as it could be brought to bear, sitting
exposed in the bow and working the
gun as coolly and as carefully as if at
target practice. Cadet Powell harl been
firing since the Spaniards opened. He
also was perfectly cool. Both launches
ran out under a heavy fire. The num
ber of Spaniards along the shore was
largo. The launches, as soon as was
practicable, sheered to give the Vixen
the range of the fort. The Vixen and
Texas silenced the shore fire promptly.
"I strongly commend Cadet Hart and
Cadet Powell for their cool management
of the launches. One launch was struck
several times, but nobody on either
was hurt. A bullet struck a shell at
Cadet Hart's foot between the pro
jectile and the powder, but failed to
explode the latter.
"Cockswain O'Donnell and Seaman
Bloom are commended, as is also the
coolness with which the marines and
sailors worked under the Spanish fire.
"Nothing was learned at Cabanas
Bay, but at Guayagance it is evident
a landing is practicable for ships' boats.
The same is true of Ranco Cruz, a
small bay at the eastward. Both would
be valuable with Cabanas, but useless
without it. I am informed that to the
north and westward of Cabanas Bay
there is a large clearing with plenty of
ground, grass and water. I think a
simultaneous landing within the three
places named would be practicable if
the ships shell the adjacent woods. A
junction would naturally follow at the
clearing."
Europeans, Including twenty-seven
French nuns, and forty boxes of specie
for the Chartered Bank.
At 2 o'clock on the morning of June
15 the Yuen Sans passed the steamer
City of ivking, which expected to ar
rivo at Manila that day. It is stated
that although the rebels hold the town
at their mercy, Admiral Devvey re
strains them, being desirous that
Manila shall capitulate to the Ameri
can troops. The refug-ers expect that
Manila has now surrendered.
Columbia Goes to Sea.
NEW YORK, June IP— The United
States cruiser Columbia, which has
been undergoing repairs at the Brook
lyn Navy Yard since Decoration day.
left the yard in command of Captain
Sards at 2 o'clock to-day and passed
out to sea an hour later.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS BTB.,
San l : rnn:i«co, Cal.
ft ' AD VEBTISEMENTS. .
MUNYON'S SUCCESS.
Pros! In Abundance that Hi» RMM* '
<dte«i Care.
Mrs. S. L. Bray, 723 S. 28th street Oma.
ba. Neb., says: "I am dally praising Munyon
for what his .remedies have done for our
family." .
Mr. A. E. Brown, Box 141S, , Tacoma,
Wash., says: "I have used Muiiyon'B
Rheumatism. Liver, Kidney, Dyspepsia,
Bladder and Constipation Cures with en-
tire satisfaction. They without doubt
saved my life." _,
Mr. R. Anderson, Benlcla. T©lano Co.,
Ca!., says: "Munyon's Kidney Cure cured
me of a severe case of kidney trouble.
Daniel Rodgers, El Reno, O. T., says:;
"Munyon has my heartfelt thanks for
curing me of a severe case of rheumatism,
quickly and permanently."
Mr. E. C. Hutchinson, 900 N street, Sac-
ramento, Cal., says: "Munyon's Nerve Cure
completely cured ray wife of serious nervous
trouble." #
Guide to Health and medical advice abso-
lutely free. Prof. Munyon, 1505. Arch St.,
Philadelphia. [
Going to the. Country?
Take a KODAK with you. It's records
will recall pleasant incidents of your vaca-
tion. Kodaks, {5 00, $35 00.
Also Poco, Premo and other Cameras 00,
$50 00. , .
Catalogues on application.
OPTICIANS >L apparatus.
fMn ; j ■'-' : ' KHOTO SCIENTIFIC n
642 Market 5t.. instruments
motß CKCmcit BuiiDmb • r
| v
THE PRICE OF
CROWN FLOUR
HAS THIS DAY BEEN REDUCED
25c PER BARREL.
San Francisco, June 20, 1893.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
; Is a "powerful aphrodisiac and speclflo tonio
for the sexual and urinary org-ana of both
[ sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th«
1 kidneys and bladder. A great Hestoratlvu,
Inviijoiator and Nervine, Sells" on Its own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALPS & BRUME. Agents.
123 Market Street. 8. F-— (Send for Circular.)
AMUSEMENTS. ■ \ -'■-_■
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager. '
Evening Prices— loc, 25c and 50c.
MATINEES— SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
And All the Week.
MONDAY, JUNE 20TH.
LAST WEEK OF - : ,
.'.', GEORGE I". WEBSTER ."»".
In Dion Bouclcault's Great Melodrama
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY-SUPERB CAST.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
SECOND WEEK OF THE
fraia/leycoMpany
Elaborate Presentation of the Comedy-Drama
ARISTOCRACY!
By Bronson Howard. Author of "Shenandoah,"
"The Henrietta," etc.
An American Ply by an American Author.
Next Monday — General King's- "FOKT
FRAYNE." ■
BALDWIN THEATER.
SUCCESS INCREASING DAILY.
The Novelty of the Decade,
"THE PASSION PLAY."
Two Performances Daily. 3 and 8:30. Admis-
sion, With Adults, 25c; Children, 15c.
WEEK' COMMENCING MONDAY, JUNE 20.
MR. TIM MURPHY, Impersonations.
THE FOUR COHANS, "Money to Burn."
THE GREAT JUDGES. Acrobatic Equili-
brists. M*>^S**6P?fe©*Blls«B
FANNY WENTWORTH, Society Entertainer.
Last-Woek of the Following Artists: CARLIN
& CLARK, BA VANS, I ATTE ROONEY.-
WILLS & LORETTO and ALBURTUS &
BART :
Reserved. Seats, 2".c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c. „ . V
TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs.Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager.
V TO-NIGHT. :
Prr" 1 ' Par Excellence.
1 A New Burlesque on an Old Subject. ■
ALI BABA
— OR-i— ':.','.'.
CASSIM AND THE 40 THIEVES.
GREAT CAST!
lively Scenery! Beautiful Costumes!
Graceful Dances'. Entrancing Specialties!
Sparkling Music! '
Bright! Breezy!. Brilliant!
Popular Prices ................25 and 800
No Telephone.
ALCAZAR. seat pho y c.
ALCAZAR, MA|N 254.
TO-NIGHT BEGINS THE LAST WEEK : OB 1
A CELEBRATED CASE!
LEWIS MORRISON
In His Great 1 Creation,
COUNT DE MORN AY.
Next Week— LEWIS MORRISON In "FRED-
ERICK THE GREAT."
HENRI MAURICE CANNON
P.ECEIVES F.VERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING
AT THE CHUTES.
A Great Vaudeville Performance In th«
• FREE THREATER.
SEE THE FLAGSHIP "NEW YORK."
A MEXICAN IGUANA JUST ADDED .TO
THE ZOO.
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, . So.
HI VMDIA I Cor "«f of Mtson «ni
UU * mt^ i A I Edd/ bu«u
A NEW SUPERB BILL OF NOVELTIES.
DE 808, the "Upside-Down Man"; LA ROY
SISTERS, MAUDE ROCKWELL. ENYVELI,
LA MONT. ' WILLIAMS, . GAMBOL and BIO-
GRAPH, With War Scenes. Admission Free.
Matinee Sunday. :
SUTRO BATHS.
. OPEN \. NIGHTS. '
• Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. tn.
ADMISSION lOc - - - : - CHILDREN 5o
: Bau.:ng, with admission, 25c; children. S0o»
■ ~ ■- - • . •-. . ■ • ■ ■■-. - , / .
34
MONDAY JUNE 20, 1898
JOHN D. SPR-CKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
Publication office /Market and Third sts.. S. f.
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall So par year; per month
65 cents. _________
THE WEEKLY CALL On« year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE : 90S Broadway
ISEW YORK OFFICE ....Room ISS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington (D. C.) office Ri.fts Hona»
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquetto Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
ISRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 337 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENI"i
Columbia— " Aristocracy "
Baldwin-- The Passion Play."
Alcazar— -A Celebrated Case '
Mor<M-co'B— "After Dark.
Tivoll— "All Caba-*'
Crpbeum- Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Van.
Olrmpla— Corner ilaaoa and Eddy streets. Specialties.
tuu-o Baths— S-wimmin?,
El Campo— Music, danclng.boatlng. fishing, every Sunday.
AUCTION SAL— S.
By Edward S. Spear _ Co.— Tuesday, June 21, at 51-38 Sutler
BcetM. Furniture, etc., at 11 o clock.
([ FLATTERING TRADE EXHIBIT.
THERE were three distinctive features to trade
last week— the collapse of the Leiter wheat deal
at Chicago, the passage of the war tax bill by
Congress and the opening of the subscriptions to the
new war bonds. The success of the latter is already
practically assured The idea of dividing the bonds
into small amounts, as low as $20, proved to be a
■wise one, for the public are taking hold of them so
freely that no syndicate, from present indications,
will be found necessary to float the whole loan. In
deed offers from investors already amount to three
times the amount wanted, and it will probably prove
the most successful loan ever invited by the United
States. An especially gratifying feature is that these
bonds will be almost exclusively held by the Ameri
can people, and thus both principal and interest will
be kept at home. This is the French plan and works
to a charm in that country. It is the second of its
kind in the United States.
The business situation is showing steady improve
ment. The export movement of the country is enor
mous, the excess of exports over imports in May
being about $57,000,000, making a balance in favor
of the United States for the first eleven months of
the current fiscal year of $571,889,000, an unprece
dented exhibit. The imports of gold during this
period -were $102,027,000, the best previous record
being $97,466,000 in 18S2. These flattering figures
are the direct result of an immense foreign demand
for our breadsruffs, provisions, manufactured prod
nets, cotton and general merchandise, very large rail
road earnings and a fine and continuous distributive
trade throughout the whole country. In fact, busi
ness during the past year has been away ahead of
anything eTer before known, and has been really a
commercial boom, without any assistance from specu
lation.
"While the East and South axe far from dull, the
West and Northwest are the scenes of the greatest
activity, and have been for 'months. Owing to their
geographical position they are most readily affected
by the brilliant crop prospects and the advance in
provisions and livestock. Their cities show the
largest gains in the bank clearings, which, for the
country as a whole, exhibited a gain last week of
f\ j per cent over the same week in 1897. The coun
try's failures were Temarkably small, being only 207,
against 234 for the corresponding week last year.
The cotton and wool markets are both showing con
tinued improvement, though there is room for still
greater activity in both of these important staples.
The iron trade holds its own, the West showing the
greatest animation.
As showing that the fine business of the country
is substantial and not speculative it may be pointed
out that the public still holds aloof from Wall street,
where the professional manipulators remain monarchs
of all they survey. During the early part of the
week there was a decline in most stocks, but toward
the close there was a reaction and prices again
showed a recovering tendency.
The leading trade features in this city during the
week were a stagnant and declining grain market,
a better trade in fruit and continued activity in hides,
leather and provisions at firm prices. The dry win
ter is beginning to show its effects in an advancing
market for sheep and hogs, and incidentally their
products, as both are getting more or less scarce.
Beef is less affected, as there is no scarcity in cattle
thus far, though that may come later on. The war
has thus far been profitable to San Francisco, as the
quartering of large bodies of troops and the fitting
out of the Philippine expeditions have created an
extra demand for supplies of all sorts, but particularly
provisions and clothing. The shipping interest, al
most exclusively controlled in this city, has also
come in for its share in this extra demand. So San
Francisco has no cause to lament the war from a
commercial standpoint.
Prospects for the farmer continue exceptionally
bright Good prices are almost sure to rule for the
major part of his products. Already certain va
rieties of fruit, notably peaches and apricots, are get
ting scarce, and quotations are advancing daily in
consequence. The canners are out in the country
bidding $3S@4P per ton for small-sized apricots
which they would not buy in ordinary years, and it is
reported on good authority that the enormous price
of $70 per ton is being bid for cling peaches. Jack
Frost did his work pretty thoroughly last spring,
though the reports of damage were scoffed at as
usual. Beans will be scarce, owing to the dry, win
ter, and hay will sell at advanced prices for the same
reason. All grains, too, bid fair to bring unusually
good figures, if California had had the ordinary
rains the State would have fairly boomed. As it is
the farmers as a class will do much better than for
a number of years, though in two or three sections
the crop will be too short to benefit the agriculturist.
It is strange that everybody but the police can walk
along Kearny' street in the evening and sec a lot of
hoodlums who ought to be in jail and whose ultimate
destination is undoubtedly the gallows.
THE WOR OUTLOOK.
OUR preparations for aggressive war have now
jeen well nigh completed. We have driven the
Spanish from the sea, and our troops are on
the way to complete the conquest of the Philippines
and Spain's colonies in the West Indies. We are
virtually ready to make a descent upon Spain herself
if it should be necessary, and from this time forward
it may be assumed we shall force the fighting and
bring the war, if possible, to a swift conclusion.
Despite the clamor of yellow journals to the con
trary, this work of preparation has been done with
remarkable efficiency and dispatch. The declaration
of war was issued during the last week in April, and
before another week passed our fleets were in the
West Indies, Mantanzas had been bombarded and a
blockade established at Havana, while Dewey had
made his attack upon Manila and destroyed the Span
ish fleet in the Orient. The volunteer army was being
rapidly enrolled and the regular force massed at
points from which it could make a descerfr*rfpon the
enemy at the first opportunity.
This record has not been surpassed in modern
wars even by European nations, which are at all
times prepared for war. In the contest between
France and Germany the declaration of war was is
sued July 15, 1870, but, near as the combatants were
to each other and already armed as both of them
were, the first battle did not occur until August, and
peace was not made until May, 1871. The war be
tween Turkey and Russia began in April, 1877, but
it was near the end of July before the Russians
crossed the Danube. The British hostilities against
Egypt in 1882 began in June, but it was not until
July that her fleet bombarded Alexandria, and not
until the middle of September that her army of oc
cupation advanced to give battle to the enemy.
Since the great nations of Europe, whose armies
and navies are supposed to be at all time ready for
immediate battle, have required so much time to
make the attack after the declaration of war, it is
clear that our achievements have been remarkable for
promptness rather than for delay. The work already
done is, therefore, a sure promise of vigorous ac
tion from this time on. We are moving upon the
Spanish lines on both sides of the globe, and the de
mand is for unconditional surrender.
The Spanish authorities evidently intend to pro
long the war as much as possible. Neither their
troops nor their fleets are taking any risks. They
have hidden themselves as securely as possible be
hind fortifications and are leaving us to take the
initiative and do the fighting. Even by continuing
in these tactics, however, it is doubtful if they can
hold out much longer. It is significant that many of
their troops in Cuba instead of fighting desperately
against the small American forces landed near their
entrenchments have either run away or deserted. The
heart of the Spaniard is not in this fight. He will
quit as soon as he can, and perhaps his Goevrnment
will imitate the example.
At any rate the war. whether long or short, will
not seriously disturb our business, though it will en
tail heavy taxation and add to the public debt. The
great masses of our people will go on with trade
and industry as if there were no war. Spain is vir
tually whipped already, and we have provided the
means to defray the cost of the whipping, so whether
she yields to the inevitable this summer or next fall
makes but little difference.
THE PEKING SPY.
THAT there has come a report of a spy on
board the Peking having tried to blow up the
ship carrying a thousand men does not, hap
pily, indicate that any such approach to tragedy has
taken place. It does, however, suggest a dire pos
sibility.
The Spanish are brave even when bravery is
folly; spectacular, but useless. They make much of
a quality they term "honor." Just what elements
enter into the composition of this quality people not
of the Latin race do not fully grasp. But from what
can be learned of it it might include the operation
of enlisting for the purpose of wreaking destruction
upon the army whose cause oath had been taken to
defend. From the standpoint of the stickler for
honor of the Castilian brand, the traitor who would
sink a shipload of soldiers at the risk of going down
with it would cover his name with glory.
That some Spaniard shall yet make the attempt
is not beyond easy belief. It would mean nothing
worse than death, and this soldiers face in many
forms. When Hobson went into Santiago harbor
his chance of escape seemed as slender as that of
one of a regiment on board a scuttled and riven
transport on the high seas. Ragley on the deck of
the Winslow faced certain death, and, coming, it
found him smiling at his place. We regard Hobson
as a hero. To Bagley we give the tribute clue a
martyr, and on his grave the hands of the nation
would strew flowers. These men acted in accord
with the American notion of honor. The Spanish
notion is so different that for it to lead to some hor
ror such as the perpetration of an act like that said
to have been essayed on the Peking is far within the
botnds of credibility.
THE ESSENCE OF TREASON.
PROFESSOR NORTON, lately of Harvard, in
his recent speech was guilty of the double crime
of foolishness and an unpatriotism near to trea
son. In a country in which there was not permitted
full freedom of speech he would have been deemed
worthy a place in a dungeon.
This country has enemies. Some of the powers of
Europe would be glad to see it crushed. Spain is
open in expression of dislike. Such foes can be met.
But a deadlier enemy than any from without is the
Norton, mouthing his dispraise of American man
hood, of American methods, declaring us to be en
gaged in an unholy and barbaric war, and urging the
young men who come under his influence not to
enlist, but to reserve themselves "for the patriotic
labors of peace." It is nothing to him that the peace
must be won by the blood of valor, that the flag must
be upheld. He would have those who bask within
the light of his intelligence calmly wait until the end
had been accomplished and then come forward to
share the fruits springing from the battle-field.
Norton has not yet been charged with lunacy, but
if friends he has they should advance the plea of in
sanity in his behalf. Either the man is crazy or he
is a monster of selfishness. For a teacher to take the
stand that the administration has dragged the coun
try into a war for which there is no excuse and against
which all the better elements of society protested, is
for him to stamp himself not only as unfit to be a
guide and mentor, but unfit to mingle with men to
whom the honor of the country seems a thing to be
cherished. Norton would have a limited aristocracy,
composed of the superior, he being a sample of the
superior. God save any country which shall come
under the domination of such egregious poltroons.
Spanish soldiers who have to fight hungry may
console themselves that when a bullet strikes a full
stomach the owner of the stomach has no chance.
THE SAjST FRANCISCO CALL, IVIOWDAr, J:u'iwjri'-^zv,./jLb»o.;;.
MISREPRESENTING THE RECORD.
AMONG the misrepresentations of fact by which
the Chronicle and the Record-Union evidently
believe they can deceive the people on the
Hawaiian annexation question is that of reiterating
the charge that Senator White was instructed by the
California Legislature to vote for annexation, and
that he is violating his duty to his constituency in
not doing so.
Even as stated by the annexation organs the charge
is not an effective one. It has long been established
by the precedents of many of the ablest statesmen
who have served in the Senate that the duty of a
Senator is not due primarily to his State, but to the
whole Union, and that this duty is to be performed
in accordance with conscience and the eternal prin
ciples of right rather than of the resolutions of legis
latures. That point, however, may be waived in this
instance. Even if we concede that a Senator is
bound by the declarations of the Legislature of his
State and that he must change his policy in the Sen
ate whenever the political majority in the Legislature
changes, there would still remain a full justification
for the course pursued by Senator White. That jus
tification lies in the fact that while one Legislature
adopted resolutions favoring annexation a later Leg
islature defeated such resolutions.
The Chronicle and the Record-Union falsify the
record and distort a half-truth into a whole lie by
ignoring the fact that the last utterance of a Califor
nia Legislature on the subject of annexation was a
defeat of a resolution in its favor. By the Legisla
ture of 1893 a resolution was hurriedly passed favor
ing the scheme. At that time the subject was not
fully understood. The Legislature of 1895, when the
issue was better comprehended, rejected a similar
resolution. The vote on the issue in the State Sen
ate stood twenty-two against and but nine in its
favor. A majority so overwhelming showed the
genuine sentiment of the people of California.
If a Senator is to be bound by the Legislature of
his State he must of course follow the latest dictates
of the Legislature upon any particular issue. What
may have been done by a bygone set of legislators
is of course overruled by an adverse action taken by
a later Legislature on the same subject. The charge
of the annexation organs in this instance, therefore,
is one of gross misrepresentation and has been so
often repeated as to lead to the conclusion that the
organs regard it as a lie cunning enough to do damage
to others besides themselves if they stick to it.
THE EXAMINER'S FOOL PICTURES.
A CORRESPONDENT whose discriminating
taste does not prevent him from amusing him
self with the absurdities of yellow journalism
when he has nothing else to do, sends us a critical
dissertation on the pictures printed in the Examiner
yesterday, and some of his comments are worth pub
lishing in order that the general public may share in
the amusement caused by the ridiculous feats of the
yellow artists.
Referring to the illustrations on page 3 he says:
"In one blue flaring picture we see a gunner wearing
trousers and with a pouch strapped to his waist hard
at work firing a gun in one direction while an officer
fully clothed is pointing in another. A companion
picture on the same page, and equally blue, shows a
number of sailors hoisting ammunition. These sail
ors, like the gunners in the first picture, are all duly
trousered; one of them has a sword and a revolver
strapped to his waist, while another has a sword in
his hand."
The pictures were designed to illustrate a story of
the battle of Manila purporting to be told by Gunner
Evans of the Boston. Now the writer, in describing
the maner in which the fleet prepared for action, says:
"Hatches were removed from the magazines and the
men stripped to the skin, wearing only their shoes.
The only way you could distinguish an officer was
from the shoes he wore." Our correspondent very
justly says, "The marine artist should have read the
story before he drew the pictures."
Continuing his dissertation the critic says: "Further
on there is a tragic story of battle by Ambrose
Bierce. The field artist now gets in his deadly work,
for there is the usual corporal's guard fighting in all
postures, and of course the usual officer pointing out
the enemy with a sword as if the men could not see
them well enough."
In this case it is probable our correspondent is
unjust to the field artist, for it is well known that
Mr. Bierce is himself a critic of pictures and no doubt
directs how his stories shall be illustrated. The art
ists of the yellow journal must not be held respon
sible for every silly thing in art which appears in the
paper.
GERMANY'S ASSUMPTION.
SO persistent are the reports of Germany's in
tent to settle the future of the Philippines as to
rather outnumber the denir.'-. While there
exists no probability that there is to be an attempt at
actual interference, the rumors are definite enough to
show that Germany would interfere did it but dare.
There can be no harm in being frank about this
matter. What the future of the islands is to be is
hidden in the book of fate, yet sealed to mortal ken.
But whether the territory wrested from the bloody
hands of the Spaniards be retained, given indepen
dence, turned over to another power or revert to a
chastened and contrite Spain, the verdict will be
given by the United States Government; none other.
Germany's wishes will not even be considered. Her
expression of desire to have them considered is a
distinct impertinence.
The fact may have been noticed that the blood of
this nation is up. The soldiers of the republic by
land and sea uphold the flag, offer their lives to the
sustaining of its honor, and while no selfish motive
impelled them to hasten to answer the call of the
President, they are not fighting and dying and suffer
ing that the result of their victory shall go to fatten
the ribs of an alien people. On this point the Amer
icans are a unit. Here and there arises a Love or a
Norton to bray dissent, but these creatures do not
count. They are not Americans; they are without
a country.
An Illinois volunteer went 1500 miles for the pur
pose of killing a woman, sh6t her three times and
beyond making her hysterical did no particular harm.
The country does not need such fellows for soldiers.
The offender should be turned over to the military
authorities. They would probably send him to prison
for a longer term than the civil courts would im
pose.
There would appear to be danger that this insur
gent chap at Manila may get into his $25,000 head an
idea that he is a bigger man than our Dewey.
Writers of anonymous letters might as well grasp
the fact that there is positively no limit to the capacity
and willingness of a waste-basket.
Spanish torpedoes are so uniformly worthless that
a suspicion may ultimately arise that somebody else
blew up the Maine.
COMET OBSERVERS AND THEIR DISCOVERIES.
BY PROFESSOR JAMES G. KEELER.
The last week has been an active one
for comet observers, particularly for
those on Mount Hamilton. On the night
of June 11, Mr. E. F. Coddington, fellow at
the observatory, discovered a comet by
photography. It made a short trail on a
plate which he had exposed In the Crocker
telescope, to the nebulous region sur
rounding the bright star Antares, In th«
constellation Scorpio, and this trail at
tracted his attention when the plate was
developed. A larger telescope, turned to
the same part of the sky, showed that
the object which had left the trail was a
comet, moving slowly toward the south
west. It has since been observed every
night.
On the same evening Mr. John Tebbutt.
an able amateur observer in Australia,
discovered the periodic comet of Encke on
its return toward the sun. This Is a very
famous comet In the history of astronomy,
although it is always faint and insignifi
cant in appearance.
Mr. Perrine of the Lick Observatory
added another to his long list of cometary
discoveries on the night of June 14. The
comet which he found is about as bright
as a tenth magnitude star. No tall is yei
visible. It is at present constantly above
the horizon, but is too low to be well seen,
except for a short time before sunrise.
The "elements" of this comet have al
ready been computed by Mr. Perrine ana
Mr. Aitken from the Mount Hamilton
observations, but they would mean little
to most readers. They show that the least
distance of the comet from the sun, on
August 17, will be about three-quarters
that of the earth. Its path is east and
south, through the constellation Camelo
pardalis and the northern portion of Au
riga.
The orbit of this comet resembles some
what that of Perrine's comet of March
20, which is still visible, and both hay»
some resemblance to the orbits of the
comets of lfiS4 and 1755.
The comet of March 20, referred to
above, is now known to be periodic. The
preliminary computations show that It
will return in about 305 years, but tho
final computations may change these fig
ures considerably.
At about 3 o'clock on the morning of
June 17 Professor Hussey discovered
v\ olf s periodic comet with the great tel-
EDITORIAL VIEWS OF THE WAR,
THE war has lasted long enough to prove that the President, in spite
of his reputation for amiability, is a man of strong purpose, con
servative by nature, yet one who acts with decision when convinced
that the right moment has arrived. He follows a higher law than
that based on the arts of popularity and demonstrative jingoism. In
refusing to recognize the Cuban insurgents as an independent government
he displayed a wisdom that is no longer questioned. He has taken bold
measures to preserve the fruits of Dewey's victory, though it opens up new
questions of national policy. He is a firm advocate of the annexation of
Hawaii, and reveals in that the high American spirit looking to the future
for the commercial security and development of the country. In Cuba,
where every reconnotsance is heralded as a repulse by the Spanish Cabinet,
care has been taken not to bring about a real repulse by precipitate orders.
The United States in this crisis is fortunate in its President. McKinley is
a man of solidity, of character, of principle, of prudence, and he is a true
representative of American progress. Under his earnest, thoughtful, single
minded leadership and pure patriotism no serious mistake will be made by
the United States in its conflict with Spain.— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
COMMERCE TO RESULT.
There will be many trans-Pacific lines from this continent to Manila
lines of steam vessels and lines of sailing ships— when American control
and influence are fully established In the Philippine Islands. "We doubt
whether it is generally known, however, that there was an American line
to Manila long ago, in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, in the days
of the great Spanish galleons, when Mexico was New Spain, and much of
the wealth of the East Indies found its way to Europe through the Mexican
port of Acapulco on the Pacific. In the history of the Philippine group
there is no more interesting chapter than that relating to the infamous voy
ages of the richly laden galleons of Spain between Manila and Acapulco.
The voyages of the galleons ceased in ISIS with the departure of the last
one from Acapulco. A commerce equal to theirs in their best days, and far
surpassing it, may yet arise between the Philippine Islands and America,
when vessels bound eastward from Manila will not turn to the south upon
sighting the coast of California, but will steam straight in through the
Golden Gate.— New York Sun.
EUROPE WILL LEARN MUCH.
The fact that English, German and French papers have sent corre
spondents, or at least representatives, into the field with the American
troops, and that most of these are fair-minded, is encouraging. They will
inform Europe as to a good many points that have hitherto received very
little attention. The genuine army correspondent will write of men and
events much as the great war correspondents wrote of the battles of our
Civil War and of the Franco-Prussian War. There will be in the field
hundreds who never will become war correspondents, with comprehension
of military movements or appreciation of fighting qualities and courage.
But the people will soon learn which correspondents have a capacity
rightly to describe strategic or other movements in the field. Ihe corre
spondents from Europe are men who have been in the habit of writing
about English or German or French armies, and we may expect some little
show of^rejudice, but in the end the Instincts of the war correspondent
will compel recognition of generalship and soldierly quality.— Chicago Inter
Ocean.
RECORDS AND PENSIONS.
Costly experience gained by the War and Navy departments during the
Civil War has led to the cusation at Washington of what is probably the
most elaborate system of records of military and naval service ever estab
lished by any nation in the world. Although the current war will unques
tionably add largely to the pension list, it will be impossible to renew at
any future time the multiform and scandalous devices by which persons
not entitled to Government bounty have been borne upon the pension roll.
Our enormously exaggerated list of pensioners of the Civil War, which
shows no signs of decreasing from year to year, denotes and embodies an
error into which the Government could not fan a second time. There is not
the slightest apprehension at this time in the Record and Pension Division
of the War Dei artment that any improper or unjust claims will get
through the Pension Office on account of military operations in the war
with Spain. As to the navy, the system of hospital records there is so
thorough that they practically constitute a complete history of every case
of illness or of injury to men while afloat. These are preserved in the Sur
geon General's office, and may be referred to there at any time.—Philadel
phia Record.
THE SPANISH NIGHTMARE.
The act of Cuban invasion is an accomplished fact. Into the crevice cre
ated by a wedge of iron driven by the navy batteries, Sampson has pushed
a party of marines. Old Glory floats above Caimanera, on the bay of Guan
tanamo. Santiago, near-by, is closely invested, and all is in readiness for
the prompt landing of the army now en route by transport steamers from
Key West to Cuba. In other words, the contemplated junction of the army
with the navy is about to be accomplished, to complete upon land a work
so well begun by the water batteries, the thunder of the warships. Cuba
will now almost immediately be occupied by the soldiers of the Union, and
Spain's supremacy over the Queen of the Antilles — now but a dr«am will
become a nightmare.— Cincinnati Commercial Tribune.
WHAT THE PRESIDENT DESIRES.
The good people of this country may be sure that the President Is as
anxious as any man in the United States can be to make short and credit
able work. He has been a soldier, and knows better than most men of his
age what is necessary and possible, and infinitely better than the men who
had not opportunity to learn from experience thirty years or more ago.
Perfect characters are not as frequent in real life as in novels, but the
country has not yet found occasion to doubt the President's ability, even
in the handling of difficult and complicated questions, while no one has
doubted his sincerity and devoted patriotism. He means to do the best
thing possible for his country, all may be sure, and he has the benefit of
daily counsel with men of the largest experience and the highest ability in
the work to be done. In view of these facts, a great deal of patience is in
order. It lacks ten days of two months since war was declared. A great
deal has been accomplished for so short a time, and it is not yet alto
gether clear that more haste might not have made less speed. The President
does not need to be told that people are intensely anxious to see the great
powers and resources of the Nation developed and used with the least pos
sible delay, and he well knows how apt his countrymen are to grow impa
tient. But the management which sacrifices nothing and risks as little as
possible, and makes every step safe, sufficient and irrevocable, will In the
end command the confidence and approval of the Nation and the honor of
mankind.— New York Tribune.
'THE NEW NAVAL ACADEMY.
The complete rehabilitation of the Naval Academy at Annapolis being
assured by the Congressional appropriation of $1,000,000 to start operations*
—the estimated expenditure is $6,ooo,ooo— work is to begun on the dredging
and the seawalls. The first structures to be undertaken are the armory, the
boathouse, and the power house. The scheme of rehabilitation Is compre
hensive. It alms at having all the academy buildings at such convenient
points that the prompt and efficient autonomy of the school for naval aspi
rants may be assured. Just now, with the naval arm of the nation first in
the public eye, and with its movements and fortunes the subject of Intense
public interest, the future of the American navy will be a matter of solicitude
for at least the next decade. With its increase and adaptation to the re
quirements of modern sea defense and aggressiveness comes the necessity
for the best equipped and best arranged school for those who in time will
in a greater or lesser degree be responsible for the doings of the United
States fleet. The naval school opened at Fort Severn in the fall of 1845
under the auspices of Secretary Bancroft and grew into an agglomeration of
buildings which are now out of date and iadequate, if they do not tend to
militate In not a, few ways against the success of the modern course of In
struction.—New York Time*.
I .cpone of the Lick V Observatory. This
comlt was first discovered in ISB4 by Dr.
Wolf of Heidelberg. On its next re
turn in 1891 it was found by Dr. Spitaler
of Vienna, and of .course its return this
year was expected. It was round by Pro
fessor Hussey quite close to its predicted
placed It is very faint, but it has a short
ta Ail the comets which have appeared
since September. 1896, have, with one ex
rentfon been discovered at the Lick Ob
servatory The exception referred to is
EncWs comet, the discovery of which
at Us Dresent return has just been noted;
tnd this comet cannot be seen in our
nSrthe h rn laUtudes. Of the ten comets
which have appeared s nee S ep tember.
i«o« Mr Perrine has discovered seven,
and six of these were discovered consecu
tively In all Mr. Perrine has discovered
ni some°t mslekim slekin S more closely resemble,
the popular idea of astronomcal work
than P do P any other of the 'operations of an
observatory. The comet seeker uses a
short telescope (known by the same name)
and he searches the sky until his Patience
is rewarded by discovery. His search is
not, however, made at random, but is con
ducted according to a system. He sweeps
his telescope over a part of the sky, cov
ering a narrow strip. If no "suspicious
object is found, he slightly changes the
direction of his telescope and makes an
other sweep, covering a strip of sky ad
joining the first, and so on until he has
covered the whole region he wishes to ex
amine. On the next night he chooses a
different region. The sky in the east be
fore sunrise is one of the likeliest Places
for new comets, partly because at that
hour the less enthusiastic observers are
apt to be in bed. , „ _,
A comet when discovered is usually very
faint, for any strange bright object would
not easily have escaped the sharp eyes of
the comet hunters. Keenness of vision Is
not, however, a sufficient equipment^ for
this class of work. The sky is full of
small nebulae, which closely resemble
comets, and the observer must know
where these are situated and be able to
identify them with the nebulae recorded
in the catalogues. If an unrecorded ob
ject of this kind is found to be in motion
it is certain to be a comet.
The comet seeker, no matter how skill
ful he may be, is not rewarded by a dis
covery every night, and among the most
necessary qualifications for his pursuit
are patience and perseverance.
Mount Hamilton, June IS, 1898.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Takasagro, Japanese cruiser recently
built at Elswick, left Portsmouth May 31
for Japan.
The Argentine training ship Presidents
Sarmiento, built by Laird, Bi
had her trial May 30, and made a speed
of 13Va knots, one-half knot In excess of
the contract speed.
The British cruiser Terrible marie th«
trip from Portsmouth to Gibraltar May
26 and 28 in 72 hours, beinf,' four hours
behind schedule time. Her return trip
also failed to give anticipated results.
The Russian volunteer fleet now
bers fifteen steamers of I
placement and 91,180 horse-p<>\, -
oldest in the list are the Kostr
Orel, built in ISSS and 18S9; the others
launched between IS9I and th
year. Seven of this fleet are fi •
to 11,700 tons, and the smallest i
the average tonnage is 9056 tons.
The British cruiser Europa '
tons completed a SO hours' trial i
2 under one-fifth of her total horsi
er. With 3300 horse-power the
eraged 12.7 knots, using 2.2 pounds ol
per horse-power per hour. The next trial
of 30 hours will be with 12,5<X> horsi
followed by a four hours' run under
horse-power, at which a speed oJ
knots Is anticipated.
A cruiser built for Portugal, n.im<v>
San Gabriel, was launched at Havri
7. She is of 1800 tons displacement, and ..-;
to have a speed of 15 knots. The
ment of quick firing guns consists of two
5.9-inch Canet guns, four 4.7 inch, eight
3-pounders and two machine guns,
ter ship called the San Rafael is building
at the same yard. Both vessels aro
wood-sheathed and coppered.
The average time of passage through
the Suez Canal during IW7 was 15 houra
and 36 minutes, a reduction of one hour
and 24 minutes over 1896. Thr- canal was
greatly utilized by ships of war from Eu
rope for China waters, all of the ships
now there having passed through the
canal, excepting the British cruiser Pow
erful, which went by the way of Cape of
Good Hope.
The Russian Admiralty has given ship
building contracts to the amount of JS,
000,000 to a Belgian company which has
established a construction yard at Nico
laieff, near Sebastopol, on the Black Sea.
It is also alleged that Cramp, Philadel
phia, has secured Russian contracts to
build a battleship of 12,500 tons with a
sea speed of IS knots during 12 hours, the
ship to have 100 tons of coal on board
during the trial. The second contract i 3
for a protected cruiser of 6100 tons and
23 knot sea speed during 12 hours with
725 tons on board.
The firm of Vlckers, Sons & Maxim at
Barrows has received orders from the
British Admiralty to build an armored
cruiser of 12,000 tons. The ship is to be
named Hogue, and will be I
length, 69 feet 6 Inches beam and 26 feet
3 inches mean draught. The speed is to
be 21 knots, and the normal coal supply
800 tons with a capacity for 1600 tons. The
armament will consist of two 9.2-inch
breech loaders, twelve 6-inch quick firers,
seventeen 6 and 3 pounders. The ship will
be wood sheathed and coppered, and her
total cost, exclusive of guns, is estimated
at $3,250,000.
Genuine eyeglasses. specs, ls to 40c. 65 4th.*
Cai. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's i, 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main lu4l •
The Brooks homestead in Dunkirk N.
V., has been presented by the estate to
the Young Men's Christian Assoclat. 4
the town. The property is valued at
000, and is to be used as a hospital and a.
free library;
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated in flr.~t
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold, Ir •
eluding- berths, meals and trip throueh tha
Park. Send for circular giving rate and itiner
ary to T. K. STATE LER. General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway, 63S Market st., S. F.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures "tt'ind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
"Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONAPO— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being: entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round-trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer stay,
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st.,
S. F., or E. S. BABCOCK, Manager Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado, Cal.
The Santa Fe Route sells cut rate tickets to
all points East. St. Pau!. $21; Kans.-i
s3l; Chicago, $32 50; New York and Bo»tnn,
$42 55. Get full particulars at No. 644 Market st.
SICK HEADACHE ABSOLUTELY AND
permanently cured by using Moki Tea. A
pleasant herb drink. Cures Constipation and
Indigestion, makes you eat. sleep, work and
happy. Satisfaction guaranteed or money
back. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A BEAUTY SCREEN
Tour shirt front will prove to be when
it is laundered at the U. S. Laundry.
A man feels like somebody when he
can esconce himself behind a shirt front
that looks like new, every day in the
week, or don a . collar or cuff that is as
perfect as if bought that day, every
time he arrays himself in linen "done
up" here. Our laundry work is perfect.
United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street. Telephone
South 420.
Radway'is Ready Relief for Sprains. Braise*.
Sore Muscles. Cramps, Burns. Sunburns. Back-
ache. Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism , Nea-
ralKla. Lumbago. Internally • for all « c *"
i Pains. Colic, Diarrhoea. Dysentery, ,V ,'"*
! Morbus and Sickness, Nausea, etc. All aru«-
[ rtsta.PARK HENSHAW IS NOW
TO BE MADE A COLONEL
O OLONEL. PARK HENSHAW will
command the new regiment Cali-
V»> fornia will give to the nation, and
Curtain Frank BeL. Carrington
will be lieutenant colonel.
That was the virtual decision of Gov
ernor Budd and Adjutant General Bar
rett last evening, though the matter
will not be definitely settled until Colo
nel Henshaw haa been consulted.
<U>vernor Budd came down from
Stockton yesterday and had a con
ference with General Barrett regarding
the formation of the new regiment. No
definite decision was reached, but it
was thought best to tender the colonel
cy to. ark Henshaw of Chico, and that
gentleman was telegraphed for. He
will arrive to-night or to-morrow morn-
Ing and if he accepts the commission
Captain Carrington will be second in
command; if lie should decline, which
is hardly probable, Carrington will be
Kiven the position.
Colonel Fred Burgin of the Gov
ernor's staff will in all probability be
appointed major of one of the battal
ions of the new organization. Colonel
Burgin expressed a desire some time
ago to command a battalion, and as he
is a clo^o friend of the Governor his
wi.«h is likely to be gratified
As to the makeup of the regiment,
that is to be decided upon to-morrow,
after the Governor has conferred with
■el Hensh.iw. But it is certain
that most if not all of the coin;-.
will be drawn from the Second and
Fifth Regiments of the National
I sure ia being
l.n.u^K t.i bear Upon the Governor to
ne i i" the Independent organi
sations t'' the regiment, l>ut on the
other hand there arc more than enough
- In the two regiments named
• points that have not yet been
iplete the regiment.
•v. r, they are all clamoring for
active Bervice, and assert, with truth,
that if the Governor did not see lit to
\ ich any raw organization into
ther commands, he should give
company in the National Guard
ace to 'enlist before yielding to a
aspirants for military glory who
in time <>f peace did not consider it
Worth whHe to help keep up the guard.
Another and a weighty reason that
inclines the Governor and his advisers
to the selection .if none but National
Guard companies is the matter of
equipment. Plenty of time will be
given for the formation of the new regi
ment, and by selecting six companies
from each of the two State commands
and distributing the uniforms and arms
among them, a perfectly equipped regi
ment can be turned over to the Govern
ment. This would reflect great credit
to the State, in view of the fact that
California has already placed three
fairly equipped regiments in the field,
while so-me States have sent their vol
unteers out without one man in four
kjjelng provided with so much as a cam
: hat.
The two regiments have recently been
{.-sued nev- vinl/orms, which, with the
of the old, will provide every mem
.ith a better outnt than the Gov
< rnment contractors are turning out
these days.
There are many minor details to be
arranged yet, which Governor Budd
will thoroughly canvass before deciding
upon.. After he selects the favored
companies it will be determined
whether to rendezvous them in this
city for- examination or send the sur
geons to the different localities.
Captain Carrington reported last
night that he had about concluded his
. of mustering in. recruits for the
aad Beventh Regiments. Only
fifty men are required to bring the for
mer up to its maximum strength, and
the captain expects to finish with them
to-day. He says that some of the men
who signed the roll are slow in report
ing for examination, aitho-ugh they
: | several days ago. If they
do not report at the Page-street armory
by 9 o'clock this morning Captain Cam
n will enlist others, as there are
men anxious to Join the First
who have I they will be given
a chance if the others do Hot get
a ro v n d.
ASTOR ARTILLERY
AT OAKLAND MOLE
The New York Millionaire's
Light Battery Eager for
the Fray.
mAKLAXD, June 19. — The Astor
l.iKht Artillery arrived to-night, six
days out from New York city, with all
veil and eager to sail for Manila.
Peyton C. March, late of the Fifth
.Artillery, is captain. Captain March
is a warm personal friend of Mr. Astor,
and it was at his solicitation March
was put in command. Second Lieuten
ant Koehler and Second Lieutenant
Williams, late of the Sixth Artillery,
are first and second lieutenants re
spectively. Among the non-commie
t-ioned officers are Sergeant Crimmins,
late of the Fifth Artillery, U. S. A.;
ant Burton Holmes, who has seen
c service in the British army in
India and Africa; Sergeant Young, a
member of the famous Young family of
Halt Lake city and identified with the
Mormon settlement of Utah; Sergeant
Sillmun, of late a commander of a bat
; stationed at Detroit, Mich.
All commissioned and non-commis
sioned officers are mo-unted.
Among the vocations and professions
represented are eight lawyers, several
doctors, the late superintendent of the
Presbyterian Hospital, New York city,
a United States marshal from Texas,
a barber from the West and over half
a dozen boys whose fathers rank high
on the list of United States million
aires. Private Dan Prybis is worth
$1,000,000 In his own name.
Mr. Astor has been most generous in
giving orders for the personal equip
ment of the men. ILacn man received
two uniforms, one the blue cloth
of light weight of the regular ar
tllleiy, a brown campaign hat, brown
canvas leggins and gauntlsts. The
other uniform Is brown canvas stuff,
known as Kakl cloth, trimmed in scar
let, pockets and shoulder straps in
cluded. The outfit further includes
three suits of under clothing, three
blue woolen shirts, six pairs of «ocks,
three pairs of canvas leggins, two
pairs of tramping shoes, six handker
chiefs and a pajr of buckskin gauntlet
gloves. The men enter for three years'
service and receive (15 60 a mouth. A,
rumor has it that the day the battery
moved each man received $100 in gold.
The field equipment includes twenty
horses and one hundred mules and six
Hotchklss rapid-firing guns. The guns
are known as three-Inch mountain
guns, throwing a twelve-pound shell.
These guns are a very powerful little
weapon, especially designed for moun
tain service.
The horses and mules, which were
purchased at St. Louis and were at
tached to the train, were cut off and
left when word came that General Mer
ritt would not transport them. In case
they are allowed to take them they
will be hurried on West.
SUNDAY AT THE CAMP.
Attorney General and Mrs.
Fitzgerald Dined by Brig
adier General Otis.
Yesterday was beyond doubt one of the
most disagreeable days that the soldiers
at Camp Merritt have been subjected to.
A strong wind, that in its velocity
amounted almost to a hurricane, blew
clouds of dust and sand over everybody
and everything. Despite this discomfort
the usual Sunday crowd visited thrf 1
camp, saw the same sights, asked the
same questions, and appeared to find the
same pleasure they experienced on for
mer visits.
The Seventh California has borne its
disappointment over not going on the
;■• xt expedition In true soldierly fashion,
and. while the officers and men feel blue
matter, they are not complain
ing. It ia an ill wind that blows nobody
good, and the men wore made happy yes
terday by an order received from bri
gade "headquarters announcing that the
regiment will be paid at lv o'clock this
morning. _
Li eu orue H. Cameron. Fourth
Cavalry, has been appointed engineer
otticer at l amp issys;i»«u iv
dmy upon the Itafl ot .Major-General
Otis.
Brigadier-General H. G. Otis yesterday
entertained at dinner at his quarters At
torney-General Fitzgerald and hi.s wife
and daughter. An elaborate tamp din
ner was prepared, and the music was fur
nished by the Seventh California band.
lea the Attorney-General and
family the other guests were: Mlsa
Bush, Colonel Kessler (.First Montana),
Major Foote (First Wyoming), and the
general's staff.
Colonel Funston, Twentieth Kansas
Regiment, expects 300 recruits in to-day.
luey will arrive in detachments of 100
men' each under the command of a com
missioned officer.
Mi'jor Dlggles, Thirteenth Minnesota,
has been chosen by Colonel Reeve to re
main behind and take charge of the regi
ment's recruits in order to get them into
shape to be forwarded on one of the
future expeditions. _
CHAPMAN WILL RECOVER.
Lieutenant Conrad's Conduct
Will Be Thoroughly In
vestigated by a Board.
Private Harry Chapman of Company
H of the South Dakota Volun
teers, who on Saturday suffered
severe injuries at the hands of Lieutenant
Conrad of the First Montana*, Is on the
high road to recovery. His injuries proved
to be not so serious as at first reported
by the surgeons.
Nevertheless there is being made by
Captain Englesby ol Chapman's regiment
a thorough investigation of the trouble
that led up to the disastrous assault and
of Lieutenant Conrad's conduct.
Conrad was formerly an officer of Com
pany M, but It is said he made himself
highly unpopular with every man of his
company and was transferred to Com
pany H, his present command.
Conrad, beside* being a man of high
temper, is considered by his men a mili
tary martinet of the most offensive type;
he is no better loved by his present com
pany than by his last.
The consensus of opinion among the
men of the Montanas is that the order
of things In the recent row should have
been reversed.
If the investigation now pending uncov
ers sufficient evidence to Warrant it, an
official hearing will undoubtedly result.
TROOPS DISSATISFIED.
Washington Volunteers Want
a Fair Show, Even if a New-
Colonel Is Necessary.
The Washington Volunteers have been
at a loss to know why they have been
overlooked in the assignment of troops
for Manila, and are considerably worked
up over an alleged explanation given In
a Seattle dispatch, which states that no
opportunity will be given them to do bat
tle with the Spaniards. The dispatch
states that "Colonel WJiolley's elevation
from a second lieutenancy in a colored
company to the command of the Wash
ington troops has so embittered the men
who formerly served with him at Van
couver in the Fourteenth Infantry that
they have leagued themselves against the
Washington volunteers and have sufficient
influence to prevent them from going to
the Philippines."
Colonel Wholley was appointed from the
regulars by Governor Rogers. Some or
the Washington officers at Fontana bar
racks are much agitated over the situa
tion and think it unfair to punish a whole
reeiment on account of Colonel W holley.
•J..t them call Wholley off and give us
a chance under some one else, said a
prominent officer last evening. "\\ c had
nothing to do with Wholley s appoint
ment."
WITH MILITARY HONORS.
Private Frazer of South Dakota
Buried in the Cemetery
at the Presidio.
Samuel Frazer, a private of Company L,
First South Dakota, died early yesterday
morning from spinal meningitis. The
body was burled yesterday afternoon in
the plot at the Presidio with military
honors. The band of the Fifty-first lowa
headed the funeral cortege, and the entire
South Dakota regiment turned out to do
honor to their dead comrade.
Christian Endeavor Work
The Mothers' Christian Endeavor Club,
whose object it is to assist and co-operate
with the young people, will hold a meet
ing at the Christian Endeavor headquar
ters at Camp Merritt next Wednesday af
ternoon at 2 o'clock. Mrs. Thomas C.
PedUr, H6B Haijjht street, has been elect
ed treasurer of the club for California,
and contributions with which to carry on
and further the work may be sent to her.
General W. H. L. Barnes addressed the
boys in hlue at the headquarter? last Sat
urday evening, and on Sababtli evening a
praise service was held.
The socials given each evening at tno
assembly hall continue to be a great suc
cess. The speakers during the past week
have included General Barnes, Dr. Locke,
Dr John Robertson of Glasgow and Rev.
Mr. Gardner. One of the speakers for the
coming week -will be Rev. Dr. Hemphill of
Calvary Church.
Contributions of stationery nave been
sent in by many friends during the past
week and during the coming week It Is
hoped there will be a still larger supply
sent in.
Third Artillery Recruits.
The Third United States Artillery con
tinues to rapidly fill up, and the maximum
strength will be reached this week.
Twenty-two > recruits . arrived at Camp
Merritt yesterday from Indianapolis, and
seventy-nine more are coming from tho
same place. % Forty-seven recruits - have
been enrolled! In Chicago, and thirty-one
aro on tliolr way from St. Louis. The full
THE SA^ FEAXCISCO CALL, MUJNUiLI, ♦TUXE 20, 1898.
ILLEGAL FISHING PLEASES THE SOLDIERS.
Over Two Tons of Striped Bass Seized and Sent to Camp Merritt,
fluch to the Fishermen's Disgust.
The following posted in a conspicuous place on Fisherman's Wharf attracted quite a crowd of people
yesterday morning. All who read it enjoyed the joke, but some of the fishermen, who failed to see where
the fun came in, tore the notice down during the afternoon:
Whereas, Certain Italian, Greek or Slavonian fishermen caught in the waters of the Sacramento River a large
quantity of striped bass, a most delectable article of food; ar.d
Whereas, The fish were less than th-ee pounds each in weight, the minimum prescribed by law (in fact they each
weighed less than a pound), and were in consequence seized by a Deputy Fish Commissioner; and
Whereas, The ladies of the Red Cross Society (may their shadows never grow less), hearing that this large con
signment of the King of Fish waa going begging for want of an owner, did secure the same by paying the express
charges; and
Whereas, The said ladies of the Red Cross Society cent the said large consignment of striped bass to Camp
Merritt to serve as an appetizing breakfast for the soldiers. Now, therefore, be it
Resolved, That the thanks of the entire camp are extended to the ladles of the Red Cross Society, and— also
to the men who caught the fish.
Do it again fishermen. THE BOYS IN BLUE.
The event which brought forth the above effusion from "The Boys in Blue," and which brought joy into
Camp Merritt, caused weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth in the fishermen's camp on the banks of the
Sacramento. Last Saturday one of the liver steamers brought down from some point cm the river twenty-six
boxes of- fish. The tag showed that one Antone Petrick was the shipper, and that the goods were consigned
to A. Paladini, the Union Fish Company and others.
Fish Warden "Joe" Mogan has been on the watch for consignments of striped bass weighing less than
three pounds, so he overhauled Petrick's shipment. The twenty-six boxes contained five thousand two hun
dred pounds of young striped bass, not one of which weighed a pound. Mogan said nothing and sat down to
watch the boxes. They were taken away by Wells-Fargo's Express wagons, but when the driver asked
Paladini and the Union Fish Company to receive the goods and pay the charges they refused, on the
ground that it was illegal to have in their possession striped bass weighing less than three 'pounds.
The fish were accordingly taken back to the water front, and at one time it looked as though they
would have to be destroyed, and that the carriers would be out their charges. The ladies o-f the Red Cross,
who are attending to the wants of the soldier boys when they arrive at the ferries, heard of the fish and of
fered to pay the charges if they might have them. Wells, Fargo & Co. were only too glad to close with the
offer, so the money was paid and the fish sent out to Camp Merritt.
strength of the Third Artillery will bo
ten heavy batteries of 200 men each and
two light batteries of 150 men each, mak
ing a total of 23u0.
Camp Merritt Notes.
Dr. Titus of this city has been added to
the corps of surgeons on duty at the field
hospital.
The First Battalion of the First North
Dakota was at the rifle butts yesterday
morning In a body. Notwithstanding the
heavy wind blowing some excellent scores
were made.
Vaccination seems to be going hard with
a great number of ths boys. Yesterday
nine out of sixteen buglers were too ill to
turn out. Nearly every man in camp is
milking things just as easy as he can for
that arm and is hoping that the word to
go aboard ship will not come until his
troubles are over.
Captain Fred Keye of Company B has
THE BATTLE OF WELTER-WEIGHTS.
CHARLIE McKEEVER. F^RMINK: McCONINKLL.
The Two Light Pugilists Who Will Cross Mits on Tuesday Evening.
To-morrow evening at Woodward's Pavilion Charlie McKeever of Philadelphia and Frank McConnell, the
local pugilist, will box twenty rounds. Great things are expected of the go, for it is acknowledged that Mc-
Connell will make the fight of his life to "do things" to the "big Injun" of American welter-weights. Phil
Wand will referee the contest, which will be held under the management of the National Club.
: returned to quarters after a week spent
j in Southern California.
lowa's crack band serenaded Brigadier
General MeArthur at his headquarters on
I Saturday night. They were given a royal
reception by their popular brigade com
j mander.
The South Dakota camp is always a
I busy one. When the troops are not doing
their daily six hours at drill they are oc
cupied at something else that keeps them
out of mischief.
Lieutenant Colonel Stover, Major How
ard and Captain Broadbury of the First
Sout'^*;>akota, have been detailed as a
boaru of survey to inventory the equip
ment furnished them by their State po
that a settlement can be made by the
Government. A large portion of the
South Dakota equipment is State proper
ty and will be bought In by the Govern
ment.
Communion service was held yesterday
morning and was largely attended. There
is a large percentage of church-going men
among the South Dakotas and the regi
mental chaplain never lacks a congrega
tion. The First Congregational Church
of this city has donated 1000 hymn slips
and a quantity of other music equally ac
ceptable.
Charles O. Olson of Company M Is in the
hospital with a sprained ankle, the result
of slipping from car.
The patriotic cuizens of Pierre, S. D.,
have forwarded to the regiment $200 to
be used in outfitting the band. This
amount makes $000 now on hand. Yankton
and Aberdeen having already donated a
like amount. There are forty accom
plished musicians in the i*?giment and
they will organize for regular practice at
once.
The Alger Artillery, 125 strong, is ex
pected at Camp Merritt from Wyoming
sometime during the present week.
Company E, the crack company of the
Thirteenth Minnesotas, will give an ex
hibition guard mount at 7 o'clock this
evening. Captain Hamer will command.
Colonel Mcßeeve of the Thirteenth Min
nesota and the officers of his staff were
guests last evening of T. Dan Frawley at
the Columbia Theater.
Fourth Brigade Field Court.
Major-General Otis has detailed the
following officers as a general field court
for the Fourth Brigade:
First Lieutenant Benner X. Smith,
First Ltah Cavalry, judge advocate;
Lieutenant-Colonel Lee D. Stover, Major
Charles Howard, Captain Arthur Fuller,
Captain Alonzo B. Sessions. Captain W.
S. Gray, Captain C. P. Van Houten, First
Lieutenant E. H. Harting and Lieutenant
John C. Fox of the First South Dakota;
Major William J. Duggan, Captain C. V.
Mount, Captain E. C. Worthington and
First Lieutenant Harry B. Dull of the
Fifty-first lowa,
Court will meet this morning to hear
any cases that may be brought to its
notice.
Will Sell Their Horses.
The board detailed for the inspection of
all horses offered the Government for cav
alry purposes will inspect a large number
of animals to-morrow morning at the Pre
sidio.
Nearly all the officers at Camp Merritt
have offered their mounts for sale in
preference to shipping them home at their
personal expense.
General Merritt at the Orpheum.
While the large audience was more than
willing to admit that there was general
merit in the Orpheum representation last
night, its verdict was conclusively proved
by the appearance in a front seat of the
Chief of the Expeditionary Forces to Ma
nila. When General Wesley Merritt en
tered the band struck up a patriotic strain
ar.d the people arose and cheered the com
mander to the echo. The major general
gracefully acknowledged the tribute.
THE ANCIENT DRUIDS.
First Session of the Grand Grove
Will Be Held in This City
To-Morrow.
The Grand Grove of Druids of the juris
diction of California and Oregon will hold
Its session in Druids' Hall on gutter
street, commencing to-morrow. During
the past year the order has increased its
membership, having made a net gain of
more than 300, and the finances of the
several groves are in' good condition.
The following are the delegates to the
grand body:
Saa Francisco Groves: San Francisco No.
3— C. Lester, J. E. /Mehler. Eureka No. 4—
Tobias Hock, Fred HufFChmldt. Norma No.
s—William5 — William J. Gnetzu, Fr>>d E. <"*aler. S ! cT"l
No. 7— N. Dimmer, A. Ewald, P. Wobber. Per
severance No. 1U — H. G. Giannini, f. liurel, V.
Dastrevigne, J. Michel, 11. Girau, P. Cames,
I*. Duchein, M. Aubert, M. Kupier. Hesperian
No. 15— J. B. Hosa. H. Menke, A. Mainzer, J.
J. Mullison. Elvln No. 16 — Allen D. Currie. J.
Hutton. Laurel No. 17 — C. Antonloli, Heary A.
Chase, I, Hagan, O. Malpieda, L. J. Perl.
Templar No. 13 — C. E. Carlson, John Turnblad,
N. \V. Christensen, John E. Edman, ott-i Wil
son.' Galileo No. 37— A. Arnabaldi, L. Bagliet
to, J. Caponelli, G. Lepori, J. F. Martinonl,
C. A. Magistra, G. Roocatagliata, P. G. Mo
linara, J. F. Rossi, S. Bottaro, G. B. Cordano,
Vasra da Gama No. 43— F. J. da Cunha, F. M.
Ramos, C. Bettencourt. Volta No. &S— L. P.
Costa, D. Dallera, G. Raggl, J. L. Valente.
Golden Star No. 104— F. Kuux, A. Franeovich.
Manzanita No. 106— A. B. Treadwell, \V. L>.
Alien. Aurora No. 107 — C. Guglielmonl, E. N.
Torrello, G. Fontana. Alpina No. lt»s — G. Baf
figo, d. Cflicsbino.
Oakland: Oakland No. 35 — H. E. Mehrmann,
A. Steffanonl, Henry Wleklng, Alt Orton.
Koina No. 95— C. Clivio, F. Pezzolo, A. Semen
za, L). Zunlno.
Sacramento: 'Walhalla No. <S — H. Mt*yer,
William Greenwood, S. Poska, A. Meyer.
Acorian No. s6— T. S. Santos. J. S. Sllveira,
S. J. Golarte.
Stockton: San Joarjuin No. 9 — H. O. Hess,
H. W. Blau. Fred Stoetzer. Concordia No. 98 —
Mr. Mazzei, (i. S. Silver, G. Allegretto G. B.
Garibotti.
Los Angeles: Mazzinl No. 7S— G. Rabagllatl,
F. Giambastiani. B. Colasurdo. Los Angeles
No. 80— H. Fleishman, F. Talbert.
San Jose: Sun Jose No. 23— F. B. Stebbins,
S. Gat<palon, M. Trueman. Garden No. 76—
J. P. Beogßton, N. K. Wretman.
Eureka: Washington No. 32— C. F. Rowell,
N. Petei-son, J. La Point, Frederick Seiz, A.
Frati, G. Pieroni.
Santa Cruz: P. Pozzl, M. Varozza, D. Fer
rari, A. Thompson. Luts da Camoena No. 81 —
J. C. Mello. S. B. Mendlno.
Placerville, California No. I— X. A. Gibson,
M. Meyer. El D .rado No. 35— John de Bernardl,
Pasquale Varozza,
Redwood City, Morton No. 52— George "W.
Lovie, George H. Buck. Morvin No. 62— J. Fal
landy, J. Taix, J. B. Baget, F. Lalame.
Guerneville, Ouerneville No. 6a — George \V.
Heason, G. F. MoKean.
Fairfleld, Solano No. 72— N. Anderson.
Sonoma, Sonoma No. 75 — L. Nessi, E. Eraldl.
Healdsburgr, Verdi Giuseppe No. 109 — V. An
gell, A. Lencioni.
Suisun, Giordang. Bruno No. 110 — G. Flora.
Mayfieid, Mayfleld No. 45— C. Ducker, P. F.
Behen, F. W. Welsshaar.
Santa Rosa, Santa Rosa No. 47— H. Grams, D.
Richardson.
Petaluma, Petaluma No. 22— Louis Engelke,
George Swetmann, Charles Meinecke, William
Dittmann.
Olema, Olema No. 32— James Silaccl, F.
Philip, Joseph Bertrand.
St. Helena, St. Helena No. 41— A. Forni, H.
Lange, H. M.ossi, Charles Martinelli, M. R.
Garner.
Nicaslo, Nlcasio No. 42H. F. Taft.
Livermore, Livermore No. S9 — G. B. Fitz
gerald, Theodore Corner.
Cayucos, Cayucos No. 90— L. Pedraita, E. Be
retta.
Guadalupe, Guadalupe No. 100— N. Albertoni,
G. Tognazzl. M. D. Sanchez.
Salinas, Salinas No. 101 — Thomas Renison
Fred Schroder, P. L. Taxlio.
Guernevllle, Ottavia iQo. 103— S. Gori, S. Be
rettini, A. Poiar.
Tomales, Tomales No. S3— V. Carporgno, Mads
Jensen, V. Zumini.
Duncan's Mills, Dante No. 84— A. Bondiettl,
R. Mandarin!, F. BnnJietti.
Napa, William Tell- No. 77— G. Aquistapace,
D. Banchero. G. Banrhero.
Merced, Merced No. 30-J. M. Smith, R. Kaeh
ler.
Ran Luis Obispo, Mission No. 87 — J. N. John
eon. James Tomasini, R. Haider.
Fort Bragg. Mendocino No. 105— L. Marlanl.
Bolinas, Duxbury No. 26— N. C. Odin, W. R.
Modesto. Modesto No. 34— H. Christ, J. Kane.
Portland. Or., Italia No. 2— D. Pennl, A. Gia
nelli, G. Stasl.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
Colonel Otho .Bennett of Ukiah is at the
Grand.
W. H. MoKonzie, a well-known Fresno
banker. Is at the Lick.
John Marker, of the State Board nf Ex
aminers, Sacramento, is at the Lick.
William Roberts of Oregon is at the
International. He is a well-known cattle
man. .
Wallace F. Diss is at the Occidental.
He says the political pot is getting pretty
warm in the southern part of the State.
AVilliam Stouse of Stanislaus County is
in the city. He says there will be a great
deal of suffering in that part of the State
this year.
Major George N. Nolan, lately of Hono
lulu, is in the city. H> is greatly inter
ested in the native papaya plant and Its
medical possibilities.
CALIFOENIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 19.— J. yon Banger
of San Francisco is at the Plaza. Bishop
John P. Newman gave a reception at Sar
atoga Saturday night in celebration of his
complete restoration to health.
CHRIS LARSEN'S BATH.
A Picnicker Who Liked to Swim in
the Cold Bay Waters.
The thirty-ninth annual picnic of the
Scandinavian Society was held yesterday
at Shell Mound Park, and the attendance
was fair. The time was passed pleasantly
dancing and indulging in the games pre
pared by the committee. In tne pro
gramme of times, races, etc.. there were
fourteen events and prizes by the dozen
for the winners. The following had
charge of the outing:
Committee of arrangement — Charles A.
Anderson f chairman), Ellas Ruud (sec
retary), Charles J. E. Spillum (treasurer),
Charles Johnson, Charles Olsen. Flooi
manager, Charles Johnson.
Chris Larsen, one of the picnickers on
the trip home across the bay, and while
hilarious through the influence of stimu
lants, informed his friends that he was
about to take a bath, and before they
could stop him he sprang on the rail of
the steamer and plunged into the water.
A boat was lowered and the man was
taken from the water without much diffi
culty. He had hardly regained his lib
erty on the deck of the ferry when he
rushed again to the rail and a second
time he was floundering in the water.
He could swim like a fish, and when the
rescuing boat reached him the second
time he was paddling about in the waves
and singing a patriotic Scandinavian
song. After the second bath Larsen was
tied and nailed down to the deck of me
ferry-boat until land was reached.
STRECKER'S KEEN EYE.
The Expert Rifleman Makes an Ex
ceptional Score at Schuetzen
Park.
A. Strecker of the California Schuetzen
Club stands crowned to-day as not only
the king of that club's monthly bullseye
cash prize shoot, but in a friendly contest
with E. TV. McLaughlin he was the victor
by 18 points, though laboring under a han
dicap of 20 points. Andrew, Charles Ander
son's youngster, proved too powerful a
mascot for the forces of shootwide to con
quer.
In this shoot only one bullseye waa
counted, and the one making the smallest
score proved the happiest rifleman. A
large number shot, the principal scores
being as follows: <
A. Strecker, score, 177; F. E. Mason, 179;
A. Gehret, 228; Philo Jaioby, 304; C. J.
Walden, 417; A. X. Boyen. ."11: M. K*-übold,
620; T. J. Carroll, C 27; K. W. McLaugh
lin, 629; A. Jungblut. 675; F. Schumann,
700; O. Bremer, 721; A. Kahwyler, 864; O.
Beaumeister, 972; D. B. Faktor, 1045; L.
Bendal, 1048; J. Utschig Sr., 1062; A. B<er»
telson, 10S2; R. Langc- 1108; Captain At
tinger, 1215; Lieutenant Straub, 1218; J.
Wollmer, 1256; J. C. Waller, 1323; C. Eging.
1323; C. Gumbel, 1479; A. Hampel, 1580; A.
Utschig, 1651: L. C. Babin, 169*; J. Jones,
17."!0- J A. Suss, IS9S; Charles Sagehorn,
1922; F. C. Hagerup, 2190: F. A. Kuhls, 2207;
"William Ehrenpfort, 2225; W. Nolden, 2599;
L. Reubold Jr., 2ft75.
In his competitive shoot with McLaugh
lin, Strecker's score was 457, and his op
ponent's 476.
The stand of the San Francisco Turner
Schuetzen waa also filled during the day
by a number of riflemen. Captain Fred
Attinger carried off the medal with a
score of 312 points. In order came the
following contestants: John Utschig Sr.,
C. Eging, L. Brunne, Joe Straub, A.
Utschig, Joe Gossner, L. Langer, Otto
Burmeister, Charles Sagehorn.
In the Verein Eintracht shooting con
test H. Gumbel proved the winner, with
F. Vinner a good second. A windy day
prevented as good scores being made as
would probably have been made other-
MRS. SEYMOUR'S DENIAL.
Didn't Threaten to Kill Her Husband
and Never Had a Quarrel With.
Him.
"Did I threaten to kill my husband?
No, neve.r!"
Bo said Mrs, S. H. Seymour last evening
In her apartments at the Baldwin Hotel
when asked if she had any statement to
make In regard to the published an
nouncement that Mr. Seymour had de
cided to institute divorce proceedings.
"I was very much surprised upon read
ing the article in The Call," said she.
However, she did not seem very much dis
turbed over the publication, and had evi
dently recovered from the effects of the
shock. "I have been holding a levee all
day," she continued, "answering the ques
tions of sympathizing callers. There is no
truth In the publication. I don't believe
Seymour ever said what he is credited
with saying in that Los Angeles dispatch.
He will be here Monday evening, and then
I'll rind out. I got a letter from him on
the 15th. We never had a quarrel since
we were married nineteen years ago. I
have no grounds for divorce and I know
he hasn't. People have been trying to
separate us for years. About four years
ago they had us separated in a weekly
paper. We are still together, and there
is no more truth in the present story than
there was in the other one. It may be
possible that this rumor started from a
divorce case brought by another man of
the same name as that of my husband. It
may be a case of mistaken identity."
SCIENTISTS ARE IGNORED.
Professor Winston Sets Aside the
Theories of the Masters.
Professor William Windsor lectured at
Metropolitan Temple last night on "The
Sun." He had a good audience, and hia
address was illustrated copiously with,
photo-opticon views.
The professor is quite dogmatic In his
views. He set forth that all scientists are
wrong in their theories of the sun's heat.
"It is not caused by gases or by heat on
the sun," said the lecturer, "but by elec
tricity, which generates no heat until It
strikes the atmosphere of the plajiets.
Beyond our atmosphere there is neither
heat nor light, which shows that my
theory is true. Let me tell you, also, that
all the scientists are wrong regarding tho
cause of meteors and the danger from
comets. There never was a comet that
has struck this earth and there will nevei
be such a thing happen, for the reason
that the magnetism of the earth will re
pel all such dangers."
In a like way the professor differed from
the views of all astronomers, mental phil
osophers and physicist in the realm of
chemistry, physics and general science.
To Serve Life Sentence.
Theodore Park Haynes, the murderer of
Lieutenant Burke, and Joseph Theron,
convicted of burglary, were transferred to
Folsom Prison yesterday afternoon. Both
men are to serve life sentences. They
were taken to the prison by Deputy Sher
iffs Degan and Appel.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 38.
222-224 SUTTER STREET.
SPECIAL
Monday— Tuesday —Wednesday
BUTTER, choicest creamery ; regu-
larly 40c square 35c a square
3 squares $1.00
TEA — Ten kinds ; regular 5Cc grade —
35c a lb., 3 lbs for $1.00
Tou will probably not be able to ob-
tain this grade of tea again at such a
price, for under the "war revenue" bill
Just passed a tax of 10c a pound ia
levied upon all teas.
DEVILED HAM— P. &. W. brand,
large tins, very fine goods, regularly
30c a tin now I tin 15c
SPONGES— A fine line, regular price
less discount of 20 per cent
PINAUD'S EXTRACTS, in one-
ounce glass stoppered bottles, all
odors, regularly 60c bot., guaranteed
to be genuine now bot. 35c
PURITY WHISKY, bottled in
bond, bearing Government stamp ;
spring, 1892 ; regularly $1.25
now bot. $1.00
Country orders carefully packed, shipped Ire«
100 miles.
Ask ipx Catalo&ua.
56
MAY BE PRESSED
INTO SERVICE
The Alameda, Peru and
Acapulco to Be Taken.
WILL ACT AS TRANSPORTS.
A LARGE FLEET OF SUGAR
BOATS FROM HAWAII.
All of Them Made Long Voyages Ow
ing to Being Carried to the
Westward in Light Winds
and Calnis.
There was not much work done on the
transports yesterday. The Morgan City
received her complement of coal from the
Centennial and was moved to Paciilc
street wharf, where she now keeps the
Indiana company. The latter vessel was
being couied from lighters yesterday, as
was also the Ohio. The City of Para haa
had her bulkheads torn out and the work
of putting in the bunks has begun. On
the Valencia little has been done as yet,
but tht; chances are that she will begin
coaling to-day. Carpenters will be at
work on the entire fleet to-day, and an
effort will be made to have them all
ready to sail the latter part of the week.
The work of coaling the steamer Nero
from the R.ihnne went on yesterday. The
big collier will take all the ship hns In
her hold and about 1000 tons more out of
one vi the vessels that pot in yesterday.
Two of the coal cargoes have be<->n bought
by the Government, and the vessels will
go to Mare Island to discharge.
The navy -yard tug Cnadllla came down
yesterday and towed the Iroquois (ex-
Fearless) from the I'nion Iron Works up
to the island. The Iroquois' armament
has arrived from the East, and as soon
:•:- it baa been placed in position the ves
sel will go into commission. It has been
rumored that the Iroquois will go to Ma
nila to relieve the Mei'ullough as a dis
patch boat.
There is a chance that the next fleet
to get away with troops may consist of
six vessels. The Mail Company's steam
er Newport, which arrived from Panama
and way ports last Saturday, will be re
leased from quarantine to-day. If Uncle
Sam presses her Into service she could
be discharged in quick time, as she has
a small cargo aboard. It would not take
long to fit her out, and she would thus
be able to sail with the others the latter
part of tha week.
The next lleet to get away will prob
ably consist of the City of Puebla, due
lure on the ZLst mat. from Puget Sound:
the Peru, due on the 24th inst. from
Hongkong; the Alameda, due here from
Australia, and the Acapulco, now on the
way from Panama and due on the 29th
inst. They will be pressed into the str
vice if necessary. To those may be added
the Northrn Pacific Company's steamers
Victoria and Olympia, now at Seattle.
Both these vessels have been granted an
American registry, and are therefore
available as troop-ships. Combined, this
fleet will accommodate all the troops that
will be left at the camp, so thai ships
will only then be required for further
drafts of soldiers.
An unusually large fleet of sugar boats
got in from Hawaii yesterday. All of
them wr-re caried to the westward, in fact
Captain Williams of the brig \V. G. Irwin
said he had never been so far west be
fore in any trip he has made from Hon
olulu.
The schooner King Cyrus brought up
21,483 sacks sugar from Honolulu in 23
days; the schooner Metha Nelson. 11,500
Backs of sugar from Kahului in 2S days;
the bark Santiago, 26,700 sacks. in IS days
from Hilo; the brie: W G Irwln, 8754 sacks
of sugar and 99 barrels of molasses from
Honolulu in 17V, days; the schooner Car
rier Dove. 22,401 sacks, from Honolulu in
29 days. The other vessels made runs as
follows: The bark Mauna Ala, 22 days
from Honolulu, the barkentine Irmgard,
18 days from Honolulu; the schooner Es
ther Buhne. 24 days from Honolulu, and
the schooners Albert Meyer, 20 days, and
Olga, 19 days, from Kahului.
Beside the sugar fleet a number of deep
■water vessels came in. The British ship
Belford arrived from Newcastle, N. S. W.,
with 2050 tons of coal after a passage of
M days. The Lucipara made the run
from the same port in 77 days, while the
Drumblalr made it in 72 days. The
schooler L»izzie Vance was 89 days com
ing from Newcastle, N. S. W., being ob
liged on the way to put into Honolulu for
provisions. After leaving Newcastle one
of the chronometers of the schooner got
out of time, and Captain Hardwick had
to guess at which one it was. Then dur
ing a gale the mainsail was blown away,
and these accidents coupled with the
shortness of provisions made the Vance's
run a memorable one.
Another arrival yesterday was the Brit
ish bark Aukigirth, et> days from Pisagua,
with nitrate for the California Powder
"Works.
A BULLET ENDS A
WRECKED LIFE
W. THIEDEMANN'S BODY FOUND
ON THE OCEAN BEACH.
An Uncontrollable Love for Drink
Brings Behrand Joost's Son-in-
Law to a Suicide's Grave.
The body of \.illiam Thiedemann was !
found by F. Sunkel, an employe of the j
Olympic Salt Water Company, on the
ocean beach early yesterday morning
near the Seal Rock House. The body lay
on the side of a sloping cliff with a bullet
hole in the right temple and a white
handled revolver lying beside it with two
empty shells in the cylinders. One of the
bullets had entered the man's brain, caus
ing instant death.
The reason given for Thiedemann tak
ing his life is that of family trouble, pro
duced by drink and dissipation. He was
married to the daughter of Behrand
Joost, the former owner of the San Ma
teo and San Francisco electric street ''ar
line. One child is lfft of the union, who,
with its mother, is residing in Martinez.
The deceased had been an inmate of the
German Hospital until last Wednesday.
When he J«ef t that institution he safd h«>
was about to secure employment at 519
Front street.
Previous to the breaking up of the fam
ily Thiedemann resided at 1724 Page
street and was at one time engaged in
the mercantile business with fair pros
pects of success until his dissipated hab
its brought him to ruin.
SEA CAPTAIN ROBBED.
Michael Barry and Another Man
Could Not Resist the Sight of
Gold.
Captain I>. Dower of the schooner Sa
rah through an injudicious display of his
coin was robbed by two men on Second
and Harrison streets yesterday morning.
One of the footpads was captured. Dower
had changed a $20 g-old piece in a barber's
shop, where he had been shaved, and af
ter leaving the shop he met Michael Bar
ry, a laborer, and another man. Barry
asked him for ten cents to got a "bracer,
and he pulled the change out of his pock
et. The sight of the gold was too much
lor Barry and he grabbed a $5 gold 4 piece
and ran. The other man also made a
grab and got about $9 60. Dower pursued
Barry and was joined by a crowd of small
Vnys. Policeman O'Connor saw the crowd
tad at Hryant street captured Barry.
O'Connor took Barry to the patrol box
after putting the handcuffs on one of his
wrists, and while they were standing
there waiting for the wagon Barry hit
Dower a terrific blow on the nose with his
disengaged fist. At the City Prison Bar
ry was booked on charges of robbery and
battery. The police know the other rob
ber and expect to soon have him under
arrest.
Beautiful and Impressive Ceremonies
A very beautiful service was held at 4
o'clock yesterday ufternoon a: the
Church of the Star of the Sea, when Arch
bishop Riordan confirmed forty little chil
dren of the parish. Father P. J. Coyle rf
the parish assisted in the ceremonies,
which were simple yet beautiful.' The
bishop preached a Bpeclal sermon for the
children and at its conclusion invoked di
vino benediction upon the little, ones
There were also present Fathers McGln
ty. Mulligan. O'Ryan. Oottle and Clancy.
IT WAS TENNESSEE'S DAY.
Hundreds of Her Soldiers Enjoy a
Day at the Park, Cliff and
Baths.
O^-inff to the fierce wind that mnaned
yesterday through the trees ami fniiage
at the park and lashed the billows of the
sea into chilling spray at the Cliff House,
soldiers and citizens had considerable
trouble and experienced some disappoint
ment in the pursuit of pleasure. Not
withstanding the fact, however, that
many got more exorcise than was neces
sary to health chasing their headgear,
none complained. The programme at the
park was prepared for the purpose of re
kindling a spirit of patriotism in the
breasts of those in which it had died and
enthusing these In whose breasts its
light never goes out. Uncle Sam's boys
in blue were much In evidence, but Ten
nessee put more soldiers out skirmishing
for fun and recreation than almost all
ADVERTISEMENT".
■ ■■■■■ B-B-B-B-B- ■ ■ B B-B-B-B-B ■ B
H • '
? " ■
■ DRY GOODS COMPANY-
I BARGAINS IN LINENS II
H WE WILL OFFER ON MONDAY, JUNE 20, ■
I SPECIAL BARGAINS I
■ i
a In TABLE LINENS by the yard, TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, B. S. "
a SQUARES, TEA CLOTHS, DOYLIES, TOWELS, Etc. f
Q WE QUOTE A FEW PRICES I
I 4-8 Bleached Damask Napkins reduced to ...90c dozen □
n 4-8 Bleached Heavy German Damask Napkins reduced to .Jt1.25 dozen I
11 6-8 Bleached Damask Napkins, reduced to gl.bS dozen rg
I 3-4 Bleached Damask Napkins, reduced to ...;.fV£/7Ji .dozen ■,
B 3-4 Bleached. Extra Heavy Double Damask Napkins, reduced to 93.n0 dozen I
I 6-4 Colored Lunch Cloths, reduced to S.V/.l? eacn SI
■ 7-4 Colored Lunch Cloths, reduced to ••••••,- Slt'ri! each I
H 2 yards square. Double Damask Cloths, all white fringed, reduced to §--°° each M
I 2vi yards long. Double Damask Cloths, all white fringed, reduced to $1!.<(5 each ■
■ 3 yards long. Double Damask Cloths, fancy hemstitched knotted fringe, from
I * $10 50 to ! • 97.50 each rj
' 5% yards long. Double Damask Cloths, fancy hemstitched knotted fringe, from • ™
H Sll to ■ SpS.OO each I
I 3 -ards long Extra Double Damask Cloths, fancy hemstitched knotted frinire. Ei
ci from $12 50 and $13 50 to m~-\ »V' V« V-" " S> :°° each tit
*■ A special drive In -Huck Towels. 65 dozen 20x40, 551.75 dozen, worth $2 25. U
B Fine Huck and Fancy Damask Towels, colored borders, reduced from $12 to $0.00 per f
| dozen. . JJJ
? COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMP-^T FILLED. I
W SUIT AND CLOAK DEPARTMENT. I
olix AINU MILLINERY DEPARTMENT. PI
r» jaiLi^w LINGERIE DEPARTMENT. *?
*? AND CURTAIN DEPARTMENT. '
I ON SECOND FLOOR. £1
? CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
B SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. I
3 UNION SQUARE. £5
B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B- PI- B-B— B-B-B-B— ft)
SPECIAL TRIP
Dawson.
NEW STANCH STEAMER
BRUNSIA/ICK,
SAILING JUNE 30, 1898,
Making direct communication at St. Michael
•with our elegant river steamer
LEON.
Only a limited number of passengers taken.
Also, sailing of the steamship
LEELANAIA/
JULY 25, /SOS.
Apply at once to
The Alaska Exploration Co.,
Liebes Building, 139 Post Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
o o 0000000000000 o o o
°i»f PALACE W 2
%CRAND» OTEL^I
n SAN FRANCISCO. q
rrtir^jsiro oy '+ .-. . t»A im«»» i»«w«».
O 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attach**. °
O **■>■ Undeh Ox« ]VUXAa«"* J(£ °
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
OEuTopeanPlan.Sl. OO per day an 4 uowi-1 r%
American Plan.*3. OO per day ani upwa/i w
O CorreHP'inii^ner *>l ldled. O
O JOHN C SIREPATBICS, Min&gar. O
ccoooooooooooooooo
Lady. I gave a handful of Ripans Tabules to an old gentleman of
Brooklyn, and he said their effect upon him has bees
most remarkable.
Friend. What was the matter with him, anyway ?
L. He is a weigher, and works about the wharves ;.•■;(] ware-
houses. He said that always after eating he would be
troubled with gases, and there would be a s»vsntion as
of a load on the pit of his stomach which : ■■.!:? him
very uncomfortable.
F. Well, what good did the Ripans do him ?
L. I don't know how they did it, but he says they were effect-
ive from the start, and he was surprised to see how
quickly one would give him relief. I think it is quite
remarkable, for he is a confirmed dyspeptic and h«
positively sneered when I gave him the Ripans. Ha
didn't seem to think anything could reach bis case.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 20, IS9B.
the. rest of the camp out in the Richmond I
district. They were everywhere. When I
the band struck up "Dixie" at the Cliff
House a regular old-time Southern war
cry from the throats of a host of Ten
nessee's boys rent the air, but the cry ;
was drowned when "Marching Through
Georgia" sounded above the ocean's
beating on the shore. A hundred or two j
of the same regiment visited the Chutes
and enjoyed its various attractions.
Out at Sutro's Baths a great crowd |
gathered to witness the various features j
Ot the programme, and particularly the i
high diving. Volunteers from lowa, |
Washington and California contested for j
the prize. The soldiers climbed higher
anil higher, but finally all quit but
Winkler of Washington. He climbed
until the glass roof would admit of a no i
greater ascent, then soared out into the
air and completed a beautiful dive. Amid ;
great applause he was awarded the prize.
The results of the swimming contests
follow:
50- yard dash. lowa Volunteers — First heat—
R. Gilmore first, H. Pott second. Second heat—
L. W. Borley first, G. fhipman second.
60-yard dash, Washington Volunteers — First |
heat- --G. Bundy first, \V. Cordell second. Sec
ond heat— G. Wlnkler nrst. A. Woodford second.
Final— R. Gilmore tlr>t, G. Bundy second.
Special 50- yard dash in regimentals for cham
ptonabip W. M. Btevens, Montana, first; H.
Bode, second.
High diving— O. Winkler. Washington Volun
teers, first; J. Strandoush, lowa, second; W.
Lhßup, Seventh California, third. The highest
dive was 73 feet.
Special race for Callfornlans— J. Ringroft
first, F. D. Carroll second.
———11,11 IHIIHB— ■■!■■■ I. 11l
Beware of Imitations
I
+*£ ]forceMemlilretfs
*
JOHN DUNCI.N'B SONS, AGENTS, NEW YORK.
DR.MCMLTY.
i nt^HIS known and jikliabt/e or.Ti
i. Sp»*lullstc«ir« Prlvatp.Keivous.HSooti and Skin
Diseases of Men only Manly Power restored. Ovei
I experience. Send for Book, free. I'atient*
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to 3
! dally : 6:3o to S.SOcv'es. SOrid.iys, 10 to 12. CuOflßlta-
I tlonfree and sacredly con tin'- rail oraddress
P. RONCOK HeNVITTt ST. 1».,
*&}■£ Hfainr Mtrcrt Man *"rsnoiiico. «*n,V
feLEDS, BOATS, ETC.
i ARCTIC sleds, • Arctic dog«, Toukon boats,
! pilot traps to the Klondike, Alaakiv outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel stearnerx, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; «0 boats can be
Been at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS. 718 Third
! st. 'Phone Red 2361.
Subscribers camping at localities alcng the l.ne of railroads where there are no postal facilities can have The Call thrown off
at their camp by sending name and location of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spenfl your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH - RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral. Tub, Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged. '
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing. Tennis. Bowling. Billiards. Croquet,
Handball ■ Shuffleboard, Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. $10 to 115
per week; housekeepine cottages. 13 to %1 per
week."
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth -n.. San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRING?. Lake County. Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
A MAGIC ISLAND!
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a
counterpart in America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing in the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage rids.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports Music. da. -ing, pyrotechnics, water'
Carnival, etc.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments; jiflclent
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July 1. SPLENDID aKKAjn'QEIIENT
for campers. .
Full Information, rates and Illustrated pam-
phlets. /•
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO..
222 SOUTH SPRI.VO .ST..
Los An<ele». Cat
SARATOGA SPEIK&S.
Lake County, Cal,
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
cf access; telephone connections and dally mall.
Rates .to suit all. Write .J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or in San Francisco, 416 Pine street, F.
A. BUSSE. ■
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Gal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
and baths, c!*»cne«!t accommodation and table,
Parais.-) stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St.. S. F.. JS; trains le«ve dally
at Third and Townsend « a. m for Sokdad
For terms and free pamphlet address li
ROBERTSON, Manager.
01/APPO r!OT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co
A Bill A Only 4I/ * hnur » from 8- F. ami
UllnUvU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, dally mall; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only jr. 50; take Tiburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $3 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th»
past three years. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINQS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place Is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs," hot and cola
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Hound trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, 110. ,
JOHN SPAULDINO, Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING. Manager.
CARLSBAD!
MOST. BEAUTIFUL BPOI IN LAKE COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well (mown for mar-
velous cures when everything else railed, es-
pecially In cases of STOMACH. LIVER, KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New ■ hotel:
superior ; accommodations; $8 to $10 per we*k;
roads excellent; cood trout fishing . and deer
huntinr on property. For particulars '/rite W.
R. McGOVERN. Carlsbad, Lake County.
AGUA CALIENTE 'SPRINGS HOTEL,
Sonoma Valley, two hour? from S. F., via rib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. . Hotel completely remodeled end refur-
nished. Water, gas, electric bells. Hates $10 to
$12 per week. $2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
F.NTE SPRINGS. Aqua Callente. Sonoma Co.
Cal. ; ■-. • ■■„■ ■ ,:■ . -
. HOTEL BENVENUE,
■■ ■ , Lnkeport, Col. :; ' r
Situated on the shore of • Clear •: L&ke: fln*
large grounds; special facilities for families
and children; home. cooking, boating, bathing
fishing; rates reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. 11. SCALES. .
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two i miles from Hopland; ' unequmed soda
end magnesia springs; hot and cold baths: fur-
nished trottnges; terms MO to «12 per week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL
; Proprietor. '; Hopland. Cal.
LAKESIDE HOUSE, Lake Tahoe.
Good cheer and home comforts. Best location
for driving to all' points of \ Interest on or near
the lake. Boats free to ■ guests. ' For circular
and tcriPß address E. B. SMITH & CO., Bijou
Postofllce, Cal. -:;: / . ~
DEER PARK INN
: (Lake Tahoe), elevation; 6507 feeet, opens June
1-V Fine ' accommodations. : ; Cottages - with ; pri-
vate baths and open fires. - Table unsurpassed.'
;R.; R. rates, - 113 50 j for ROUND TRIP. <J. -. 8. (
ZjIBBT, room J. jpiood hnaains. San Francisco.
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
is along SAN FRANCISCO and
l" E i«T NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Fictar.sque Route of California.)
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, cr on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over 200, well
stocked wltli trout.
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy Koclal life, visit one cf our many
Mineral Spring Resortu.
If you want to enjoy the ".oire Uf« of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will be
glad to have yon.
Camping grounds are free.
At the Renorts and the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable.
For detailed information apply at Tlck»t
Office. 050 Market et. (Chronicle gliding), or
at General office. Mutual Life building. San-
some and California Ftu.
K. X. RYAN. General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General
Manager.
fiILROY HOT SPRINGS.
Under new management
A ; £v££
MECCA Y&
For the annual seeker after
i Repose and recuperation.
Only three and a half hours from San Francisco.
Stage connects with the 2:45 p. m. train
From Third and Townsend streets.
PIERRE CARRERE, Manager,
Formerly proprietor of the Maison Tortoni and Poodle Dog
FREE CAMPING
All alcn? the San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway. In Marin. Sonoma, Mendoclno
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guernevllle branches, Hong Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered daily at camps.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Of flee. Mutual Life building. Sansome
and California sts.
R. X. RYAN. General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General Man-
ager.
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
*JL "*% OAKLAND,
>vj^^^oa\ 13th and Jefferson Sts.
"&Si?WLU^rail'*Bm3 Only 35 minutes
!< w 2<il«i''ThiA'issa2*l from San Fran "
i !a^y* r-t.-!*'*SJp[Wr -t.-!*'*SJp[W cisco.
■i ; fl.^.r?iJTft.tr»rti A -Desirable Summer
*jre*™fe"£**s! . and Winter Resort for
Families, Travelers
R. M. briare. Prop, and Tourists.
M<TkVaL7 tni\ springs.
nilWAl\l) PUTAH P. 0.,
" V TT /^ ZZZ LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates, $3 $10 and $12. Special terms to fain.
Hies. Postofflce and telephone.
Round trip. $10. . Southern Pacific office. til
' Market street. • -
Address MRS R. J. BEEBT.
On Howell Mountain; ' elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of ; water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybe.a.tt
and other eprings; tennis, croquet, ridins.
driving, $10 to $12 per week; two trains dally;
lourhouis from city,'. Telephone.
E. ANGWIN,. Angwin. Napa County. Cal.
ft \)Sk nnnn i nrir And ***>& treat-
M V% UUUiI LltK ment go hand in
Wi In hand at HOTEL. GISEI.MAN.
UfiOnT) I ITfIT And Itood treat-
UUUII LILK ment go hand In
hand at HOTEL. GISELMAN.
Lakeport, Cal.
A. H. SPUR R, Proprietor.
TAMP MERITED The - Popular Resort among
VAIUI ITICCACn . the Giant Redwoods ■of So-
noma County. Boating, bathing and tent
grounds free: fine fishing; ; climate perfect;
Board and lodging, $v 50 and $6: unfurnished
rooms. $1 . per week. Train stops at '; camp.
; Via • Sausallto ferry, • round trip, *3; - good for
; ninety, days.' ■ ■ . .-■'.•■'
SUMMIT SODA
.:■ :>-,.:-": SPRINGS..
On line of C. P. :R. R. Elevation. 6004 feet.
Daily mall. - ; Telephone f connections. ;» New Ac-
• commodations. Open ; June '■ I.'-' Address GOUL-
i DEN i & JACOBS. : Dormer, .Placer Co.. Cal. ■-:
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation -■ 1200 feet. ' Relief f or ■ asthmatics.
: Fishing, > boating, hunting, and :!> swimming.
Terms. $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT. ,; Napa, CaL
" ; SUMMER ■ HOME FARM.
1 s Santa' Cruz Mountains," first-class t family re-.;
sort; ' cottages, : tents, r hunting :• and * fishing ; ar-
tificial ~ lake - for boating I and ■: swimming; long
distance telephone; campers" return ticket*
$2 50. Send for circular to J. U. 11AESTER3.
Gleawood, CaL t -. ■•■- ,,;-.: V: .: •-.;: ; ."-; ! :: -\ :: .. \
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER Proprietor
/under new and experienced
management.
IP
\ fiw^irrr *r^E?- tjStfflnw tf'TOUusU^v'
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEL AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
EffiEANB. SPEIN&S,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs In America; all Kinds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
Ing alley. First-class accommodations: rates
reasonable. Write for Illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office. 816 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
Ml WEST SPRINGS
The most picturesque resdrt in California. Has
the only grapevine arbor In the State; a va-
riety of mineral springs, such as Soda, Sul-
phur. Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath;
swimming pool; billiards, shuffle-board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class:
table ■ good. Round-trip 13 75. Stage . meets
morning 1 trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
GENSEN.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma .County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt. , elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court. ■ etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming .oake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc Table unsurpassed.
£sr tio apd % i gsroßT^.^rie^r
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee in the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent- trees of an unbroken
forest. The ideal spot for families because it is
clean no poison oak. no pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS Virginia City, before June 1, when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public. -
Ji ;-, \ No staging to get there,
/|H|'r|>i no fog, mosquitoes, rr
AS >B BSIJI winds when you are
i*** ll *" there. Table un*urpassed.
Rates ;in. $12. $14 a week.
sy • Round trip tickets $7. W.
\.H4»4ti£rC *'• Mitchell, Manager;
NHSI 1 SHIS'^ F. V. Owen, Agent, Call
V*- Hl«iLkJ Building.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
: irinect fl^hlnc and health resort on the Coast,
For particulars write to EDSON BROS.. Be.-
wick. Slskiyou County. Cal. r -
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. *
Natural advantages; salubrious ilmcte; pic-
turesque scenery: mountain walks; purs
»Dring water; ; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
these who ' need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture In a short time." Address St.
Helena Sa!*-**arlum. St. Helena. Cal.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of 'skin
diseases cured in marvelously short time; kid- I
ney . liver, . catarrh. • rheumatism s and stomach
troubles Immediately relieved; rates $10 to $18
per week. Long-distance telephone. Address
J. A. HAYS. Proprietor. Lake County.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage line. !
Good trout . fishing, ' plenty, fruit, cream - and '
milk; ''■ free ; conveyance for ' parties of two or i
more; > grand iedwood scenery.. Address J. i
LUTTRINGER, Seaview, Sonoma County, cr ■
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front st., S. F., for par-
ticulars. -'..-■
HOTEL DE RED\A/OOD
In. the Heart of the Santa Cruz Mountains.'
Improved Table Service. Reasonable Rates.
For Particulars Apply to ■.
M. S. COX. Laurel Postofflce.
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
..? Natural •' attractions . without limit. : Pleasant j
walks '• through shady ■■ canyons. •.'• Hunting and \
fishing. Table supplied with ■ fresh vegetables, i
fruits, butter, milk and : eggs. ', :-. A delightful
country : home. '» Free conveyance *• at ' depot. ■: $7
per, week. , JOHN D. WINTER. Cloverdale, Cal.
CALAVERAS BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. Fare . S. F. to Calaveras
Big Trees and return $17. JAMES M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent. 30 Montgomery street.
■& a TOCALOMA. M cf B
bertrandDhotel;
-•First-class accommodations; reasonable rates:
fishing; - beautiful ■ drives . to t Bear J. Valley,; etc. ■
i JOSEPH F. BERTRAXD. :or 324 Kearny st. ' '
IF YOU . . .
I Are seeking for a de-
•^Nr^ lightful and healthrji
resort for the summer
•<BrgE^mtJ-JeS^. months for your family,
i£5?S5En3E l 3»Ssr not so remote from
iBW ifw? "Si'sliifte 1 town but that you can
t«l t-'Wl'lHtmniyiUl be with them without
lv ' neglecting your busi-
ness.
IF YOU ..... Are in search of a good
table and comfortable sleeping apartments
only 1% hours' travel from San Francisco, with
half hourly communication, day and evening:
IF IT IS .... Your wish to confine
your summer's outing by a moderate outlay,
your attention Is directed to
Haywardi Park, at tha Terminus of the Oakland,
' San Leandro and Haywardi Eleotrio Railway.
Oft IF YOU . . Are fond of tentln?.
here you will find a large number of commo-
dious platforms arranged convenient to the
hotel dining room, on one of which you may
erect your tent.
A choice musical programme Is rendered
every Sunday afternoon on the verandas of the
club house. The cars of the company run
into the park. The monthly commutation rate
Is only $5; room and board, $S per week: board
for campers, $.' per week. Campers and room-
ers have the rame service from attendants. :1: 1
Address MRS. DORA SHANE, Haywords*
Club House. • 1 1
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountain? on San Lorenzo River,
2 hours from S. F., 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz: grounds and river lit by electric lights:
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room in Santa Cru»
Mts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New,
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, $J.
Address THOMAS L. BELL. Prop.. South Ben
Lomond.
BEN I_O/V\OND.
Private boarding at "Avoca," Terms $7 per
week. Address MRS. J. J. JOHNSON, Ben
Lomond, Cal.
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
Tehama County. By .rail to Red Bluff. Mt
miles: fare. $6 45; daily stage to springs. »
miles: fare. $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent; accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postofflc*
in hotel; rates, $10 and up.; rend for book of
information and testimonials. ED. B. WAL-
B RIDGE. Proprietor.
"BURLING AM E7
.' 4*. ; CSan Mateo County.)
Redlngton Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. G. HOITT.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room. 130 ft. lake frontage: Dew
stable and livery; boating ■ and bathing ."ree;
$8 to $14 per week; round trip. $9 60. H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop.. Bertha P. 0., Lake County. Cal.
7 SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot in Lake County; hunt*
ing, fishing, boating, swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLINGAME, PVoprletors. Sod* Bay.
Kelseyvllle. Lake County. Cal.
TO the country we go— We will meet you at '
the depot;. good accomodatlons; desirable lo-
cation; terms $7: children $3 50. E. M. SHEL-
FORD, Pleasant View ranch, Cloverdale, Cal.
SUMMER boarders wanted, half a mile from
town,-' on a farm; fine rooms: good board;
plenty of shade. F. QUION, Glen Ellen. Cal.
WRITE W. H. MILLER. I'klah. for livery ac-
commodations to springs in Lake and Meo-
docino counties to save money. ■
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
Call. In wrappers, for mailing.
T.HE
WEEKLY
.• CJILL
of : ; It Publishes the Cream of the
J'^-'News of the Week and
©( MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
t=J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°S IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON THE
J PACIFIC COAST
©< "~~ \ ;■■'/—-
cJ \ /
\ The Best \ / Mining
~J Telegraphic V>^ News That
°\ Service on s\ Is Accurate
ex The Coast / . \& up' to data
oc / X
o^ Not a Line of it Sensational
o/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
it Dry or Uninteresting.
O\ Bright, Clean, A Cham pi oa of
_) • Thoughtful. Truth.
O< A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
3 ALL THE TIME.
■'©). IT ADVOCATES I SENT BY
Tl HOME MAIL, Sl.s§
©V I INDUSTRIES 1 A YEAR.NATIONAL
GUARDSMEN
A Conference That. Has
Been Postponed.
STILL NO REORGANIZATION
ONE PARAGRAPH FROM GENE
RAL ORDERS NO. 3.
Changes That Have Been Made in the
Commissioned Officers of the
Several Regiments— New
Quartermaster.
Another week has passed and there is*
no advancement In regard to re-estab
lishing the guard. The conference thai
Ice place between the
index-in -cbi eland the division com
mander did not result in anything defi
nite, as at the meeting it was announced
that Judge A<i\ , > -,- r of the divis
ion staff was preparing an opinion to
show that it became the duty of the au
thorities to discharge from the service of
t. State, honorably, all those members
cf the National Guard who, having vol
unteered, were mustered into the ser
viie of the United States.
A time for another conference was set.
but before that date Major General John
H. Dickinson received information of the
death in Oregon of his mother, and he
at once left the city to attend to the last
sad dutfe? which devolved upon him.
The decision of the Judge Advocate ha 3
not yet been made public, but it is un
derstood that it takes the stand that the
guard should be reorganized in order that
the State may not be without military
protectlon.
In General Orders No. 3 Governor Budd.
the commander-ln-chief, under date of
June 6, lias the following:
"General Dickinson will at once take
such steps as the preservation and pro-
Btate property of the regiments
I (First and Seventh Infantry) as
In his judgment may be necessary.
'"Ho is further directed as soon as these
regiments are accepted by the United
to immediately take suuh steps as
in hi< Judgment may be necessary to nil
up the maximum number of companies
of the National Guard, as there may be
nd call for volunteers."
This was approved May 3. So far noth
is be«?n done to "till up the maxi
;:un:ber of companies," and in fact
• S has been done further than to
c the applications of those who
be willing to serve as National
•Ju.iiusmen from colonel down.
CHANGES IX THE GUARD.
The document known as General Order No.
S, dated general headquarters, June 6, Just is
pued. elves a list of the chances that have
occurred among the officers since the date of
Genral Order No. 2.
■It announces the commissioning of Jo
seph J. Dwyer as lieutenant colonel and
Judge advocate on the division staff, vice Watt.
with rank from April 12: W. A. HaJstead to
be lieutenant colonel or. the division staff, and
ordnance officer, vice 3divards, retired; James
A. Margo to be major and commissary on the
Fecona Brigade staff, with rank from April 11,
vice Halstead, promoted.
n follows a Ust of the officers of the
I Regiment of Infantry who were commis
and have since been enlisted in the
volunteers and are now on their way to Ma
nila.
The following changes in the Second Regi
ment of Infantry are noted: John Zittinger,
captain of Company G, vice Steams, retired;
11. R. de F. Finnes, to be first lieutenant,
vice Zitttnger, promoted, and F. J. Ruhstaller
to be second lieutenant of Company G, vice
Finnes. promoted: Grant Harden to be sec
ond lieutenant of Company F, vice HUlik'sr,
resigned: .Thomas Rutledse, re-eJected first
]leutentuiu and Ernest Weyand. re-elected sec
ond I'cuHnant of Company B.
In the Fifth Infantry the following changes
have occurred: H. L. Partridge, re-elected
captain of Company B; Edwin G. Hunt, re
elected first lieutenant of Company A; A. H.
Cassidy. to be first lieutenant, vice Phillips,
term expired, and H. W. Emerson, to be sec
ond lieutenant of Company C, vice Stockdale.
term expired; C. E. Haven, re-elected cap
tain, Charles E. Holmes flm and W. C. Bean
second lieutenant of Company C Thomas Mc-
Clay was re-elected captain of Company C.
The changes that have taken place .in the
Sixth Infantry are as follows: J. M. Collins,
to be first lSentenant, vice Walcott. resigned;
G. W. Stewart, to be captain of Company E,
vice Ward, term expired: Roy Vandenheuvel,
to be first lieutenant of Company H, vice Cor
tvln, resigned, and A. R. Newell, to be second
.]ieut?nant of the same company, vice I'anden
heuvel, promoted.
The orders then gire the changes In the
Seventh Infantry, which Include the officers,
who, with the men, were accepted for the
volnnteer s*nric«.
In the naval militia the changes announced
are: Carl E. Lindsay, to be lieutenant of the
Fourth Division, vice Morrey, resigned: J. C.
Doyle, to be lieutenant. Junior grade, vice
Lindsay, promoted: Thomas R. Armstrong, to
be ensign, vice Doyle, promoted; Addlson E.
Morgan, to ':■' lieutenant. Junior grade, vice
Phaw. promoted; A. E. Williams, to be lieu
tenant. Junior grade, and passed assistant
engineer, vice Gray, promoted.
In the Sanitary Corps: J. G. Morrisaey, to be
lie-jtenant, Junior grade, and assistant sur
geon, and assigned to duty with the naval
rnllitia; B. A. Blant, to be ensign and assigned
to duty with the Fourth Division of the naval
militia.
THE UNIVERSITY CADETS.
The following named have been commissioned
officers of the University Cadets: Colonel, M.
Dozier Jr.: lieutenant colonel. L. H. Miller;
majors. v . H. Craig and P. R. Thayer; cap
tains. A. N. George. H. F. Peart. F. W. Stadt
muller. 1.. F. Wagner, A. L. Giacomlni, J. E.
Kainey, C. Wlgmore, S. V. West, J. W. Hlllar.
A. B. Anderson, H. C. Harmon and R. Bake
well: first lieutenants, T>. Baird, H. B. Budd,
P. I). Eastman. F. T. Mumma, S. Sargentlch,
L,. B. Schmltt and A. D. Sweet; second lieuten
ant, H. J. Friediander.
OTHER CHANGES.
Captain George Flllmer, who was one of the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
I CURE FOR MEN. I
;j — ■ ■ ♦
> Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Has Restored 10,000 ♦
ij Men to Healthy, Robust Vigor in >
♦ the Past Year. ♦
>.
-f Ri W \v\ wonderful Belt has proven +
* m^+ «V*V Jf 1^ Ibv its thousands of cures •>■
'"* SK/^ vc***V^*^l y^y that electricity restores J
■*■ jß^ ' *2V **3ilf was ted vigor, builds up +
"* ISI \ \V, ■-S^^^^S£"-' broken-down men, and so ♦
■♦ W \\ • "\^ j Jjtisßw wonderfully develops the
"^ 'MLi^L-LSHIIu- 1 p n y s i cal euer sy that c *♦-
"*" -%«^^[ W : **mßf grows full of pleasure, age +
+&k '^^^^^H^b^W^ " loses its stin S» and , tne +
■* I jfek blood circulates warmly ♦
♦ FREE BOOK FOR WEAK MEN. t
+ A book that tells how the old vigor can be rega '"^^^J B ",^ ♦
+ regained by thousands of your fellow-men It Is '-called; :■.. Three Classes
x vice are free. Call or address + i
t DR. A. T. SANDEN, * not in drug stores. * i
"*" 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. ' ... •+
-f Ofnce bowl I A. M. to 8 P. M.; Sundays. . Pr- Sanden's Electric Belt +
l 10 to 1. Branches at Lob Angeles; Cal.. 204V4 Is never sold in drug stores _,
"*" South Broadway;. Portland, Or., 253 Washing- nor by- traveling agent*,
-f ion street: Denver. Col., D3l Sixteenth street: "• ..-■-.--. ■ ... - - ■ ■■■- -•■- ■'' -f
. Dallas. Tex., 285 Main street. ■ : ; IT— ~ :—,: — , ._. . •—• — ; — ~ — ~* '
4- ++ 4 -f: 4: .+>. *+ '4:'^'-f*.4: .4: -f+ + 4" *^-f.>..4f^.-f;.^>.f*:."f
(examining board for the Second Brigade, being
on his way to Manila, the vacancy caused by
[his absence has been filled by the appointment
of Captain Samuel L. Napthaly, aid de camp
ion the Second Brigade staff on the board.
Lieutenant Emanuel S. Heller, inspector of
rifle practice, has been assigned quartermaster
of the Fifth Regiment of Infantry, vice A. W.
Kimball, who is transferred to the volunteer
service. Lieutenant Heller appeared before the
examining board last •week and passed a suc
cessful examination as to his qualifications for
the position.
LINCOLN GUN CLUB SHOOT.
Smashing Blue Rocks at the Grounds
at Alameda Junction.
AI.AMED A, June 19.— The Lincoln Gun
Club held a bluerock shoot at Its grounds
at Alameda Junction to-day. There was
a good attendance and some good scores
were made.
In the twenty-five bird race for club
medals the scores were as follows: Wen
zel, 17; Bruns, 20; Kerrison, 19; Sherock.
14; Nauman, 23; Lacy, 10; Daniels. 21; Os
trander. 14; E. Forster, 16; Flickinger, 23;
Bekeart. 22; Franzen, 24; Wenzel, 17;
Bruns, 20; Kerrison, 23; Sherock, 16; Nau
man, 25; Lacy, 12; Daniels, 22; Ostrander,
19; E. Forster, 20; Karney, 21; Jarete, 17;
Webb, 24; Klevesahl, 24; Price, 19; Shaw,
15; Shackleton. 21; Mudd, 16; Fischer, 21.
Visitors shot and made the following
b: Schultz, 24: Feudner, 21; Carlson,
15; Wai pert, 6; Sears, 19.
The merchandise shoot at twenty birds
drew a large number of entries. Several
valuable articles were given as prizes.
■ winning were as follows: Mcßae,
Fred Feudner. Franzen, Shaw, E. Fors
;<r. Karney, Hlnkel, Javete and Daniels.
The scores were: Price, 9; F. Feudner,
IS; Daniels. IS; Nauman, 18; Webb, 17;
Flickinger, lti; Karney, 16; Sears, 18;
Franzen. 16; Kerrison. 17; Javete. 10; Wen-
Bel, 15; Edgar Forster, 15; Fischer, 10;
Schultz. Is; Klevesahl, 17; Shaw, 14;
Mudd. 12: Shackleton. 15; Brown, 12; Mc-
Rae. 19; Olson, 17; Lacy, 6: Walpert, 10;
i-iruns. 17; Eugene Forster, 17.
The closing event was the "coursing
match" at ten targets. Money was added
to the purses by the club so that those
losing in the second round would get their
cash back. The scores were as follows:
Mcßae S, "Webb 8. won by Webb; Sears 8,
Klevesahl 10; Flickinger 7, Naumann 8;
Franzen 8, Bekeart 8. won by Bekeart;
Feudner 8, Dan'els 10; Shaw 9, Eugene
Forster 7: Kerrlton fi, Karney 8; Fischer
8, Wenzel 7; Webb 10, Klevesahl 10, won
by Webb; Nauman 7, Bekeart 8; Daniels
8. Shaw 9: Karney 10. Fischer 8; Webb 10,
Rekeart 9; Shaw 4. Karney 10; Webb 10,
Karney 7.
CYCXEBS' PICNIC RUN.
Annual Outing of the Bay City-
Wheelmen at Millwood.
The annual picnic run of the Bay Oity
Wheelmen was hold at Millwood, Marln
County, yesterday. The riding contin
gent wheeled from Tiburon and was met
at their destination by a large number
who went over on the train.
Baseball and various other outdoor
srames served to pass The time until lunch
-.vas announced. This was served in a
big grcve and nearly sixty wheelmen sat
down to the repast. The return home
was made via Sausalito.
Among those present were: President
Frank H. Kerrigan, Captain Harry Lar
kin, Emil P. Fahrbach, Walter J. David
son. John D. McGllvray, Will C. Corbett,
Thomas Watters, E. J. Bangs, A. J.
Menne, J. Mariano Salazar, A. Justin
Kanzee, R. A. Coulter. Joseph VL Xv-
Jr.. N. C. Babin. Emil E. Languetin. W.
T. Black. Ben C. Raynaud, H. P. How
ard, Louis Muller, George A. Wyman,
Joseph A. Catanich, Charles K. Melrose,
Jules F. Hancock, Albert King-Rhys,
Harry Fowler. B. D. Mendell, A. 15. J.
Xye, Arthur Davidson, Wm. P. Marshall,
cfyde W. Colby. Archibald Reid, Frank
H* Dunne. J. C. Williamson, D. E. T.
Mervy, T. Alfred Griffiths, H. W. Spald
ing. E. N. Creigh. R. J. Eliint, Robert C.
Reid, George Peabody Wetmore, Byron
D. Bent. Jacob M. Pike, R. P. Phillips,
Thomas H. Doane. Kenneth Melrose,
Robert Blasjk. Gus Fleischner, P. J. Nev
in, John Davidson, George H. Dyer, Ed
A. Head. Walter D. Sheldon. Dan O'C«1
laghan, J..hn M. Mendell. Doc Wells,
David Marshall and John Douglass Mar
shall.
DEADLY WORK OF THE
VESUVIUS' BATTERIES
Spanish General Joral and Several
Officers Killed at Their First
Trial.
ON BOARD THE DISPATCH BOAT !
DAUNTLESS, OFF SANTIAGO DE
CUBA, Saturday, June 18 (via King- 1
ston, Jamaica, June 19).— The horizon |
Is eagerly and Impatiently scanned for
a glimpse of the long-expected trans
ports. The delay in their arrival is in- j
explicable, as much favorable weather
is being lost and the hurricane season 1
is due in less than thirty days. Mean- !
while, from Kingston and Port Anto
nio come reports that large quantities j
of supplies are being smuggled into
Cuba.
Admiral Sampson is in daily commu
nication with the Cubans under Colonel
Cebraro, who are investing Santiago
on the land side and are continuously j
skirmishing with the Spanish outposts. |
General Linares now commands the j
military forces in the town, where there |
are 8000 regulars concentrated. The ;
civilians are ma starving condition, and |
their deplorable state will be more j
and more aggravated from day to day.
Spies report to Admiral Sampson that I
the Spanish general Joral and several j
officers were killed by the guncotten
explosion at the first trial of the bat
teries of the Vesuvius.
Murderer Bell Convicted.
PLACERVII.LE, June 19.— The Jury in
the case of the people against Lyman S.
Bell, after having been out fourteen
hours returned a verdict of guilty of ]
of murder In the second degree. Bell
had been on trial for a week for the
murder of Richard Murray at Indian Dig
gings, this county, March last.
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUKE 20, 1898.
HONOR THE MEMORY
OF A DEAD FRIEND.
FIVE HUNDRED LADIES IN
MOURNFUL PROCESSION.
Impressive Services at the Funeral
of the Late Miss Grote of the
Young Ladies' Institute.
More than 800 young ladies, representing
the several branches of the Young Ladies'
Institute and one parlor of the Native
Daughters, marching in procession before
the hearse that conveyed the mortal re
mains of the late Miss Sophie A. Grote
to the home of the dead, was a novel sight
in this city, and it was the manner in
which those who were in the procession
manifested their respect and sympathy
for .her who in life had been their dearly
cherished friend and kindly advisor that
made the occasion memorable. Not only
were there these sincere mourners, but
there were hundreds from all classes who
called at the mortuary residence and at
tended the service in the Church of the
Holy Cross to pay their last tribute to the
memory of one who wl\\ be truly missed
from the wide circle in which she moved.
The funeral of Miss Grote took place
yesterday forenoon at half -past 10 o'clock
from the family residence at the corner
of Golden Gate avenue and Devisadero
street, and in the parlors of the house
there rested in a magnificent casket of
white embossed velvet, shrouded in white
and covered with hundreds of fragrant
rosebuds, white and pink, all that was
mortal of the beautiful young woman,
whose kindly nature, charitable disposi
tion and faculty for endearing herself to
all who knew her, won for her countless
numbers of true friends. At the foot of
the casket was a sheaf of wheat tied with
lilac ribbon, symbolizing that the grim
reaper, death, had again done nis work.
Around the face even. Deautiful after
weeks of illness, there was a peaceful ex
pression indicative of easy transit from
natural sleep to the rest tliat shall know
no Waking till the day of final judgment.
In her hair twined a single La France
rosebud, which was her favorite flower.
Around the parlors there was a large
number of most elegant works of floral
art, the unstinted evidence of love and af
fection for the one who had passed away.
The organization of which she was the
president contributed a large cross rep
resenting the emblem of the order, and at
its base was worked in violets "Our Grand
President." The Grand Council of the
Young Men's Institute offered two im
mense bunches of La France roses held
together with a tie of white silk; there
was a large heart and cross from S. L.
Waller and other members if the Board
of Education, a crescent and star from
Buena Vista Parlor, N. D. G. W., a large
cross of ivy from the council in Napa. a
dozen bunches of roses from the Durant
School," a contribution of most exquisite
flowers from the pupils Miss Grote taught
in the Golden Gate School, a vacant chair
from Truck Company No. 6, a broken
wheel from Branch No. 20, a floral chair
from the institute at Livermore. Others
Who sent flowers and floral pieces were;
The principal and teachers of Golden Gate
School, Edith Hund. J. D. and F. Sit-in.-,
Mr. ami Mrs. Wreden. John O. O'Donnell,
Mrs. M. M. Ryan, the Board of Education
and teachers of the public schools, W.
Wreden, Mrs. B. Bank, Mrs. Levy, M.
Quimby, F. M. Edwards. Mrs. F. J. Har
per. Hurry Gleason, Harry Conn, Miss R.
A. Thompson, Miss Lizzie Terry. Mrs. A.
Griffith, Fannie Greenhood, Lucy T Ad
ams. N. T. Field, Miss L. M. Barrows,
Miss Rose Boukofsky, Miss S. Thompson,
Leon de Roos, Mr. and Mrs. D. A. Camp
biein, L. I. Degan, Mm. G. Washhurn, O.
and A. Kron, Will McGillvery, Mrs. E. S.
Loud. Cornelia McGillvery, the Misses
Carroll, and the Board of Examiners, con*
■ißting of J. Hamilton of the Lincoln
School, J. Simmons of the Girls' High
School. Miss M. Nolan of the office of the
Board of Education, and Reginald Web
st.-r, superintendent of Schools. In addi
tion to flowers, Harriet M. Skklmore,
"Marie," sent a touching letter of sym
pathy, and a poem to the memory of "her
deceased friend, together with a floral of
fering.
There were In the parlors telegrams of
condolence from all parts of the State
and a message of sympathy from Madi
s>>n S. Babcock expressing his regret at
inability to attend, as the news of the
young lady's death had completely un
nerved him.
During the forenoon hundreds entered
the mortuary parlor to look at the face
of the dead, and there was .scarcely a
dozen of her sex who did not imprint a
farewell kiss upon her brow and then
kneel by the casket and offer up a silent
prayer. On the previous evening the
funeral service of the Young Ladies' In
stitute was read, and yesterday, just be
fore the time came for closing the casket
lid, the service for the dead of the Na
tive Daughters was given by Past Presi
dent Mrs. Genevieve Baker of Buena Vis
ta Parlor.
Tho pall-bearers — Samuel Hasklns,
grand president of the Y. M. 1., George
A. Stanley, the grand secretary, and D.
E. Hayden, grand director, representing 1
the Grand Council; E. J. O'Rourke. P.
L.awler and John A. Dunlevy, represent
ing the board of management and the
San Francisco councils of the Y. M. 1.,
and E. B. Thomas and Harry Pinkham,
grand directors, representing the ushers
at the church— tenderly lifted the casket
on which was laid the pale blue regalia
that was the emblem of Miss Grote's of
fice and transferred it to the hearse.
The funeral cortege, preceded by the la
dies of both organizations, wended its
way to Holy Cross Church, where solemn
h\ga mass was celebrated by Rev.
Father McGinty, assisted by Rev.
Fathers Coyle and Cummlngs. During
the impressive service in the presence
of more than Hght hundred people the
choir, composed of Mrs. Coursen Camp
bell, Miss Elena Roeckel, Paul Girard
and Arthur Boyle rendered Schmidt's
"Requiem" and Mrs. Coursen Campbell
sang Chopin's "Paradise." Mrs. E. (V.ur
sen Roeckel was the musical director.
Father McGinty preached the funeral
sermon, and in touching language told
the congregation of the beautiful life of
the young lady who had been honored
with positions of trust, and spoke of the
good work she had done, after which he
drew a pathetic lesson from the cutting
off of one so* young, who had every pros
pect of a bright and useful future.
At the close of the service the funeral
procession was formed again, with all
the grand officers of the Young Ladies'
Institute at the head, and proceeded to
Calvary Cemetery, where were spoken
the last words of the service of the
church.
Next Tuesday there will be a high
mass in St. Mary's Cathedral at 9 a. m.
for the repose of the soul of Miss Grote.
REWARDS AWAITING
SHAFTER'S OFFICERS
Major-Generalships That May Be
Won by Deeds or Valor at
Santiago.
NEW YORK, June 19.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Prompt and substantial recognition is
in store for officers in General Shafter's
army who may distinguish themselves
In battle at Santiago. President Me-
Kinley, I understand, is holding back
his most important army patronage as
an incentive for deeds of valor for offi
cers who have now gone to the field.
He still has eighteen major-gf>"rr a |.
ships at his disposal. Now that young
second lieutenants have been appointed
this is about all the patronage in the
way of army commissions he has left.
In appointing the remaining eighteen
major-generals the President will stick
very closely to the regular army.
There has been a great deal of
pressure brought to bear on be
half of veterans of the late war with
distinguished military- records, but the
President has concluded that genuine
efficiency and not sentiment must gov
ern in future selections; hence his de
cision to wait for results from the San
tiago expedition.
The President had « list of brigadier
generals in the regular army which he
expected to send in this week, but has
concluded to hold it oack for the rea
sons stated.
Major-General Miles, now that he has
decided to go to Porto Rico and subse
quently to Cuba in command of the In
vasion, is likely to eet the much-cov
eted lieutenant-generalcy.
I understand that the House Military-
Committee has decided unanimously to
report in favor of the immediate pass
age of the bill introduced b" Chairman
Hull, making Adjutant-General Corbin
a major-general. This Is to* be done
in order to give the head of the most
important staff corps of the army a
rank commensurate with the important
duties pertaining to it.
WATCHING MOVEMENTS
OF SPANISH SHIPS
Camara's Squadron Sighted Off Cape
Gata, on the Coast of
Granada.
Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gordon Bennett.
GIBRALTAR, June 19.— Reliable in
formation has furnished the following
data. In Cadiz are the Alfonso XIII,
the Vitoria, the Meyoro, the auxiliary
cruisers Leon and Catalina of the
Transatlantica line, the Rayo, the Re
tamosa and the old frigate Gerona,
which is being converted into a float
ing battery. In Carthagena is the Le
panto. The Cardinal Cisneros is in Fer
rol. In Ferrol also are the torpedo gun
boats Alvaro, the Bazan, the Maria
Molina and the Marques Victoria. These
are not formidable vessels.
The Pelayo has i - eturned to Algeciras,
where Captain Aunon, Minister of Ma
rine, was transferred to the Giralda.
The five remaining ships of Admiral
Camara's fleet passed through the
Straits in the night and joined the oth
ers. All are supposed to be at Cartha
gena.
It is said the Spanish Government
owes the Transatlantica Company $30,
000,000.
The captain of a British steamer
which arrived here to-day reports that
he sighted the Spanish squadron off
Cape Gata, a promontory of Spain on
the coast of Granada forming the
eastern limit of the Gulf of Almera.
MUTINY ON THE
SCHOONER FREE TRADE.
Freight Clerk and Purser Engage in
Gun Practice to Intimidate
the Captain.
PORTLAND, Or.. June 19.— The schoon
er Free Trade, Captain Moore, which left
j San Francisco for Alaska March 28, put
j into Netarts Bay on the Oregon coast
j June 10, and from her manifest and the
I captain's statement, which reached the
' Astoria Custom House yesterday, an cx
i citing story of mutiny is learned.
Monday, May fi, A. Fradgely, the freight
j clerk, presented a revolver to the cap
tain's head and threatened to blow his
! brains out if he put the ship under sail
; for sea Instead of making for the nearest
' port. The next day the purser, J. Talbot
Watson, and the boatswain joined Fradge-
I ly in the attt-mpt to make him put to
! shore, and there was a repetition of the
i gun play.
Arriving at T'kak Ray, Alaska, the fol
1 lowing day, the mate and supercargo
I joined the mutineers and deserted, taking
: all the captain's effects with them. When
: Moore ordered the vessel under way
i seven more of the crew deserted. By
! signals of distress the assistance of the
toner Altaria was enlisted and the
crew forced to obey orders. Captain
Moore put to sea, but was compelled by
I the crew to sail for the Columbia. Af
ter a dangerous voyage, in which the
j crew repeatedly threatened mutiny, the
i ship arrived off the Columbia, but put
I into Netarts Bay through the ignorance
• of some of the sailors who had assumed
temporary command of the ship.
STRUCK DEAD BY A
BOLT OF LIGHTNING
: •
Major-General Lee's Private Secre
tary Killed at a Florida Sum
mer Resort. *
NEW YORK, June 19. — A Jackson
ville, Fla., special to the Herald says:
James F. Gatewood of Richmond, Va.,
General Lee's private secretary, was
killed instantly this afternoon by a bolt
of lightning at Pablo, a seaside resort
twenty miles from here. Many soldiers
and others •" went to Pablo to-day.
Among them were Gatewood and some
friends, one of whom was Cecil Robeit
son, a young man of this city.
Gatewood and Robertson left a bath
house together, walking toward the
water, talking and laughing. All at
once they fell to the ground, wnile a
sharp, quick explosion was heard.
Robertson lay writhing on the
ground, while Gatewood lay still. They
were picked up and taken to the pavil
ion. Robertson was found to be paral
yzed from the waist down. He was
restored to consciousness and later was
able to walk to the train. On Gate
wood's back was a long, dark mark,
showing the lightning's work.
. «.
THREE BIG CARGOES
RUN THE BLOCKADE.
Great Quantities of Food Smuggled
to Havana From Ports of
Southwestern Cuba.
ON BOARD THE ASSOCIATED
PRESS DISPATCH BOAT DAUNT
LESS, OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA,
June 18 (via Kingston, Jamaica, June
19 ) — Three large cargoes of supplies
are known to have run the blockade
already and great quantities of food
are smuggled to Havana by way of
the Isle of Pines, Cienfuegos and other
ports on the southwest ccrast having
direct communication with the capital.
It is understood, however, that noth
ing reaches Santiago from any of those
points.
The auxiliary cruisers Yankee and
Yosemite are new scouting for the
Spanish steamer Purissima Conoepclon,
which left Kingston on Thursday morn
ing flying the Spanish flag, with food
and ammunition for Cuba.
FUTURE MOVEMENTS
OF GENERAL MILES
Says He Expects to Go to Both Porto
Rico and Cuba, but Cannot
Say When.
WASHINGTON, June 19.— With refer
ence to the report that he ia to take the
personal command of the American expe
dition which is to be sent to Porto Rico,
General Miles said to-day that the mat
ter of his future movements was in this
respect too indefinite to discuss.
"I expect to go to both Porto Rico and
Cuba at some time, but I cannot now say
when."
ACCIDENTALLY DROWNED.
Body of a San Franciscan Found in
the Bay at Seattle.
SEATTLE, June 19.— A steamer at Yes
ler wharf to-day stirred up from the
depths of the bay the corpse of a man who
had .evidently but recently come from San
Francisco. Papers on his person Indicate
that he was named Rodriguez and was of
Mexican or Spanish birth. The body had
been In the water probably a month.
There were no indications of foul play,
and It is believed Rodriguez was drowned
while intoxicated. Among his papers was
a hill addressed to him at 234 Fourth
street from the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Light Company, and dated
"12-9-97." In his notebook were several
newppaper clippings, one from The Call of
April 30. IS9B. The body is now in the
Morgue awaiting identification.
Died in a Bathtub.
RED BLUFB\ June 19.— W. H. Smith,
who has been for some time past em
ployed at the' logging camps of the Sierra
Lumber Company, was found dead in a
bathtub in Go«hring's barber show this
evening by tha colored porter. The Cor
oner's jury returned a verdict of death
from heart failure. Smith was a native
of Indiana and aDout fifty years of age.
He is said to have possessed considerable
property in that State.
Plans to Receive William
BEIRFUT, June 19.— 1n view of the nn
proaching visit of the Emperor William
to Palestine an aide-de-camp of the Kul
tan is examining and having repairs
made upon all the roads In Syria and
Palestine, and all the troops have been
presented with new uniforms.
WOMAN'S FEDERATION
DELEGATES GATHERING.
Welcomed to Denver by Local Com
mittees — Convention Opens
To-Morrow.
DENVER, June 19.— The New England
delegates to the biennial conference of the
Woman's Federation held in this city ar
rived by special train this morning and
were welcomed by the local committees.
Mrs. Henroting, president of the federa
tion, also arrived' from Omaha. The con
vention opens on Tuesday at the Broad
way Theater and the outlook at present
on the election of leading officers
Mrs. Alice Ives Breed of Massachusetts
will be chosen president and Mrs. S. S.
Platt of Denver vice-president.
"WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(120 th Meridian- Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 19, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, — ; Sacramento. 80; Fresno, 98; Inde
pendence. 92; San Diego, 70; Red Bluff. S6; San
Francisco. G3; San Luis Oblspo, 70; Los Ange
les, 78; Yuma, 110.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
63; minimum, 54; mean, 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen over Oregon and
Washington and an area of high pressure Is
moving across the northern portion of the Pa- i
Clflc Slope. During the past twenty-four hours !
there has been a steady fall in pressure over !
Utah, Arizona, Nevada and eastward. An ex- i
tensive low area overlie* the country from Ari
aona northeastward to Worth Dakota.
The temperature has risen over the Dakotas
and has fallen rapidly over Eastern Washing- i
ton. Eastern Oregon, Idaho and jWestern. Mon- I
tana. The temperatures in California are nearly i
normal.
Rain has fallen over Washington and Eastern
Oregon. A thunder storm 13 reported at Baker
A maximum wind velocity of 28 miles per
hour from the southwest is reported at Carson
City.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. June 20, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Monday; brisk
■westerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Cloudy Monday; showers in northern
portion; colder.
Arizona — Cloudy Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Folnt. entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-Street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
JUNE— IS9B.
Monday, June 20.
Sun rises 4:47
Sun sets : : ?,5
Moon seta 8:47 p. m.
6:17
6:50
H W
0:lS
0:59
1:45
2:44
3:55
-0.7
-0.6
1:
2:
4.
4.
Time
Feet. Feet.
H W
3.4 11:39 6.3
3.3
L W
4.6 7.24 8.1
4.7 8:19 S.I
4.8 9:21 2.8
5.0; 10:25 2.4
I 6.1| 11;28| 1.9
6.1
7:23
7:56
8:31
9:14
9:58
— 0.
0.
0.
0.
1.
2:45,
3:11
3:40
4:14
| 4:49
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
when a minus sign <— ) precedes the height,
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
From.
Coos Bay
Chilkat
Empire
Queen
Columbia
City of Puebla .
Ningchow j
Pomona '
San Mateo
Arcata I
Crescent City..!
Orleaba I
StateCaliforniaj
Fulton 1
Homer
Peru
Wellington
Santa Rosa I
Coptic :
Walla Walla... j
(Newport
Eel River
Coos Bay
Victoria & Pugret Sound
Portland
Victoria & Puget Sound
I Departure Bay
[San Diego
Comox
Coos Bay
'Crescent City
iHumboldt
iPortland
lOregron Ports
iNewport
China and Japan
jDeparture Bay j
ISan Diego [
JChina and Japan
(Victoria & T'uget Sound!
|Portland !
fune 20
fune 20
Fune 20
rune 21
rune 21
rune 21
lune2l
rui e22
rune 22
rune 23
rune 23
'une 23
fune 24
I une 24
tune 24
rune 24
rune 24
fune 26
rune 26
rune 26
rune 27
Oregon J
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Satis.
Pier.
uregon
Umatilla ...
Santa Rosa
San Juan...]
Humboldt ..]
Coob 8ay... 1
Chilkat I
North Fork.]
Columbia ..I
i roruana
Vie & Pgt Sd.
San Diego....
) Panama
iAlaska
iNewport I
iHumboldt
I Humboldt
iPortland
'San Diego
Oregon Ports.
Vie & Pgt Sd.
Coos Bay
'Portland
June 20. 10 am Pier 12
June 20, 10 ami Pier 9
June 20, 11 ami Pier 11
June 20, 12 ■ mIPMSS
June 20, 4 pmiPier 3
[June 22, 9 am|Pter II
June 22, 9 ami Pier 13
June 23, 9 amjPier 2
June 23. 10 am|Pler 12
June 24, 11 am Pier 11
June 25, 10 amPler 8
June 25, 10 ami Pier 9
June 25, 10 amPler 13
June 26, 10 am ! Pier 12
(June 26. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona — j
Fulton
Queen
Arcata
State of Call
Homer I
Vie
'Newport 1
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benent of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete nets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the timeball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any, is
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by thn morning paperß the following day.
C. P. WELCH. Ensign, U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
. ARRIVED.
Sunday, June 19. "
' ' Btmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 13 hours from
Point Arena. ' ■
• ' Stmr Geo ■ Loomis, Bridgett, — hours from
■Ventura. Up river direct. ■•■■ r ••
t Btmr North Fork, Bash, .24 hours from Eu
: reka. stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, 4 . days . ■ from
Br stjnr Bristol. Mclntyre, 4 days from
Oeparture . Bay. . ' _■ . • ■ "...■ .-.
■ ' Stmr . Oregon, : Banks, 70 hours from ; Port
land, via Astoria 57 hours.
1 ■ Stmr Gipsy, ■ Olsen, — hours from Monterey
and. way ports. . , -..*■ *_[■«.
Nor ' stmr Tltanla, Egenes, 4 days from Na
n< Br n ship. Drumblair, Armstrong, 73 days frm
Newcastle, NSW. : T-r-'
• Br BhtD Belford, t McKtnnon, 91 days from
Newcastle, NSW. Witt, 77. days from New-
Br ship Lucipara, Witt, 77 days from New
castle NSW.
Bark Aureola, Mercer, '11 days from South '
. Haw ■ bark Mauna Ala, Smith, 22 days from 1
Br bark Auldgirth, McConnell, 68 days from
■ - Haw bark Santiago, Johnson, IS days from
Brig W G Irwin, Williams, 17*4 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Carrier Dove, Ulbergr, 29 days from
Honolulu. -.-.;■: -_'■'..' .
Schr ; Fortuna, Rosleh, 7 days from Eureka.
Schr : Ocean Spray, Ostlln, 40 hours from
Wulshs Landing. , '-.
- Schr - Newark, Bevk, 15 . hours from Bowens
Schr King Cyrus, Christiansen, 23 days frm
Bchr Metha Nelson, Rice, 28 days from Ka
hulul. '. ■■'■ B .:.■-■ -.- r
c> Schr i Five Brothers, Jensen, 4S ' hours . from
Blhlera Point.; - ; : ■/
■ Schr Maxim, ' Olsen, 4 . days from . Caspar. .
,« Schr Fannie Adele, Rlstlne, 10 days . from
Grays = Harbor. - : . ' ■ / -' .
Schr Lizzie Vance. Hardwlck. 88 days from
Newcastle, NSW, v ' via Honolulu 20 days. ■
■ Schr Olga. Ipsen, 21 days from Kahulul.
Schr Albert Meyer, « Marshall, ■IS .; days from
Kahulul. ;■"-■.:•..'•.'-"■:.'•<.■••■■. l ••'". ■■'■■' ■
■ Schr Esther Buhne, Anderson, 27 ' days ' from
Honolulu. . - ! J
Schr Viking. ' Peterson, 7 days from Eureka.
Up river direct. •
SAILED. ,
. Sunday, June 19.
US- stmr Thos ; Corwln, '•• Herring.
Stmr Orizaba,*' Shea; - Eureka. - ■-: ■ J: :
Schr ; Amethyst,. Johnnesen, ; Waldport.
... ?-■ .I'v .-; TELEGRAPHIC. ! v -:
- POINT LOBOS— June 19, 10 p. m. -Weather
hazy; wind NWj velocity 20 miles. y 1
MEMORANDUM.
Per Br stmr Bristol— June is, off Mendoclno,
saw the etmr Hueneme with a marge in tow,
hence June 17 for Eureka.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Arrived June 19— Etmr "West
port, from Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 19— Ship
Lucile, hence June 8 for Seattle.
NEWPORT— Sailed June IS— Schr John A
Campbell, for Port Blakeley.
TATOOSH— Passed June 19— Stmr Hermosa.
from Seattle for St Michae'.; Chtl ship Etna
Lai sa. from Iquique for Port Blakeley: bark
Melrose, from Santa Rosalia for Royal Roads;
bark Topgallant, hence June 12 for Port
Blakeley.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 19— Schr
La Nirrfa. henw May U for Seattle: bktn
Amelia, from Honolulu; Br etmr Olympla. fm
Hongkong; Chil hark Etna Louisa, trom
IcjUKjue for Port Blakeley.
COOS BAY— Sailed June 19-Stmr Empirw,
fur San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY-Sailed June 19-Schr
Robert Searles, for Shanghai.
ASTORIA--Arrived June lft— Stmr State of
California, hence June 17; stmr Fulton, hence
June 16; Br ship Trade Winds, hence June 1;
Br ship Forrest Hall, from Shanghai.
Sailed June 19— Stmr Columbia, for San
Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June IS— Stmr Obdam,
from Rotterdam.
QfEEXSTOWN— Arrived June 19— Stmr Ber
lin, from New York, and proceeded for South
ampton. ■ •
HAVRE— Arrived June 19— Stmr La Touralne.
from New York.
QTEENSTOWN— Arrived June 19-Stmr Pa
vonla, from Boston for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Sailed June 19— Stmr Lucania. for New York.
MOVILLE- Sailed June 19-Stmr Anchoria.
for New Ynrk
V*^k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A '■tdalttl (+2K KEABXY ST. Esuibllshed
gi *l]P ;s":A in 1.H.14 for the m-atin^nt of Private
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary, >
62&KKAJUmi*. Established i
in 1834 for the treatment of Private
I'isensHs, Lost Alanhiiod. Debility or !
*U*MS^£^>vn .INea.se wearinzon bodyand miudand '
•ia^ifrl^'^S .--kin Diseases. 'I'hedoo'torcureswhen j
s^3SKstfs?«ithf-rsfall. Try him. Charges low. I
Cur*-»KunranlPc(l. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. *'. tiIBBOSi, Box 1957, 5 an Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
hi^ Steamers leave Broadway
V<OT*y wharf, San Francisco.
1 rV^SRk. or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
1 tfp*SßrWfc June 5>5 > 10 - 15 - 20 ' 25 - 3°. Ju 'y s -
IK iK^Ea transfer at Seattle.
|ssj2*4 MM For Alaskan ports (from
t fiKKgo^H Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m..
jr^^B^BM June 5, 26, July 17, August 4,
25, transfer at Portland. Or.
--••-J^ For -Victoria. Vancouver (B.
C), Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New Whateom (Wash.). 10 a.
m June 6, 10. 15, 20, 25, 30. July 5. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
with C P. Ry-
For Eureka ' (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
June 1, 7, 13. 19, 25, July 1, and every sixth
day thereafter. „__. _ '•
For Santa Cnw. Monterey, San Blmeon.
C a ii"is, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., June 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30,
July 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
- For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- i
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port ;
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 j
a. m., June 4. 8, 12, 16. 20, 24. 2S. July 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Uuaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., June 17,
July 2.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates !
am hours of Ratlin*.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco. J
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-Btreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
FADE S l2 First Class Including Berth
IflnL 88 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia June 5. 14, 23
State of California.... June 8. 17, 28
Oregon June 11. 20, 29 I
St. Paul $16 00|St. Louis ..$32 00
Kansas City .... 26 001 Chicago 27 50
Omaha 26 00! New York ... .3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market St.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
<4£3kJH6"£9Rl!fl The s. s. alameda
jaaPT^EnJHE&ifvßLsails via Honolulu and
<f? M'-Y-A Sl?S l? " a "' er Auckland for Sydney
iM^TSJ- Y&bi v IVednerday, July 13, at
PHBiaißllff Tne S - S ' ALAMEDA
If BHII sails via Honolulu and
•fc a " w Au.-kland for Sydney
y™^— -^ Wednerday. July 18, at
Irasliiip The samn tor Hono-
I^s^CylMlllJlll r ' Q lulu June 20 is can-
&zsr ©PR^fne to COOLGAR-
DIE, Australia, and CAPE TOWN, South
Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office — 327 Market St., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre. *'
Company's : Pier (new), -42 Nortt -f-Tjftr
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers^!f:(STrs
by. this ; line avoid both transit by********
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, Jl«0;
second class, "1116. . ,
LA BRETAGNE.; June 25, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE July 2, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE July 9, 10 a. in. '
LA NORM AN DIE July 16, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE July 23, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent,
: No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. .- . ; -
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships -
Sail from New York every Saturday for
Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage — City of Rome. $80;
, other steamers, $30.
Second Cabin— $42 50; Fur-essla, $37 50;
I other steamers. $35. ■ - --. ■
Steerage Passage — Rome, $25 50; Furnessia.
i J24 50; other steamers, $23 50.
For Book of Tours and Information, apply to
i HENDERSON BROTHERS. General Agents 7
I ' Bowling Green. NeT York; or J. "•, FUGAZI.
6 Montgomery St.; or L. F. COCITROFT, 114
Montgomery st. or R. R. RITCHIE, 2 New
Montgomery st., San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello.""
! Mon., Tues, Wed.. Thurs. and 5at..........
. 9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. <S:3O p. m. ex. Thun.)
i Fridays ..1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ........10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Dock. Pier J.
- Telephone Red 2241.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tltraron F«rnr ( Foat oH Market St.
SAN : FRANCISCO :TO SAN r.AFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30. p. m. - Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. • " - ■ <
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. . 1:30. 3:SQ.
- 6:00, 6:20 p. m.' . ■
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a, m.; 12:45,
3:10, 5:10 p.':? m- Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. ■
SUNDAYS— B:IO,' 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 P. m. > ,'.' • ■■■: ,
Between San Francisco and . Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. * ■ \
• ■'"■ ■■ ' Leave - ■ : v : : Arrive
• San Francisco. - In Effect San Francisco.
: April 23,
Week I Sun- ' ,■■ IS9B. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ; Destination, days. | Days.
"7:30 am 8:00 am ;. Nova to, 10:40 ami S:4O am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa - Roaa. 7:35 pm[ 6:2'J pm
• , Fulton,
7:30 am . Windsor, . 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
• Lytton,
. GeyservUle,
8:30 pm| 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm[ 6:22 pm
7:30 am ■■ Hopland and ■■ 10:25 am
>:30 pm 8:00 am . Uklah. ' _Tj??I >n l 6:22 pm
7:30 am ■ ; . 10:25 am
. V 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm •
3:30 pm - ' ■__ ■--.-• -■ -• 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma '.'j:4o am 5.40 am
; ■-- ,'• ■ and ■ ■ '. -
' 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pn
. 7:30 am 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm : ', , 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
-Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; ! at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville • for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; T at Hopland for Duncan Springs, :
Highland < Springs, • Kelseyville. New . Carlsbad J
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Barilett
Springs; at Uklah for .Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, • Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter valley, John Day's, River-
side. Lierley's, Bucknell's. ;. Sanhedrtn Heights.
Hullville, Boonevllle. Orr's Hot Springs, Men- ,
doclno • City, Fort : Bragg, - Westport, veal. *,
• . Saturday to ; Monday * round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. ,- ,v' '..-.-, .-.--■.;
■ yOn ' Sundays , round-trip - tickets . to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ■
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle blag.
A. W. FOSTER, ' R. X. RYAN.
■ ' Free, and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Axent
f~'- ■•■.--.-' i •••-..•--:■> .■'" .-- .- ■ '.-•-. ■ ■ . ; •
AUCTION SALES.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS.
31-33 SUTTER STREET.
TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY JUNE 21, 1838
At 11 o"clock a. m.
We Will Sell, In Our Salesrooms, by. Order of
Mr. Louis J. Chevelier, on Account of Depart-
ure for Europe, His
MAGNIFICENT FURNITURE
Comprising in Part:
One Fine Upright Pianoforte; Antique Savon-
arola Italian Chairs; Roman Chairs, • hand-
carved; Solid Mahogany French Desks; Mahog-
any Frame Salon Suits, upholstered In tapestry: .
Solid Mahogany Library Suit, with Cabinet to
match; Venetian Hand-Carved Chairs; French
and German Walnut Tables, Chairs and Desks;
Gold Frame Parlor Suit, elegantly upholstered;
Louis XIV Chairs and Cabinets; Verni3 Martin
Tea Tables and Chairs; Louis XVI Cabinets
and Tables: Cheval Mirrors; Colonial Chairs; _
Lounges; Easy Chairs; Pedestals; Dining
Tables; Sideboards; Dining and Bedroom
Chairs; Elegant Brlc-a-Brac; Mantel Mirrors;
Easels; Line Engravings and Etchings, . and a
Large Variety of Elegant Goods too Numerous
to Mention. - ■: :
NOTE— Above Goods Are Very Elegant
and a Large Majority of Them Were Pur-
chased by the Owner in Europe.
The Goods Will Be on Exhibition Monday
and to Them We Invite the Attention of Buy-
ers. EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO..
Auctioneers. 31 and 33 Sutter street.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. •
»oiriii:!:v I'Aciric compakt.
|j>A<;mc MVHTBM.)
Tritlat lt>uv« nuil »■«■ <ln« to nrrlv* «*
NAN FKAN«:iM«!«K
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) (
lK\v* — From Jc.nb 1. 1898. — amhte
•6:00 a Niles, S»n Jose and W»y Stations... I ***
7:00 a IU-nfoia, Suiuuu »nd Sacramento.... I»*43a
liOOa. M»rjßvllio, Oro»llleand Redding fla
Woodland 2 : i» r
TiOOAVacavmeandUunisey ■»«*
7iH«a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. W»pa, ...
OalUtoga and Saut* Rosa ;. s :i: i2 P
SjOOa Atlantlaliipress. Og<len and Kast.. Bi*9*
Hi3Oa Niles, San Jose, .Stockton, love,
Sacramento, Marys»llle, Chloo. -.'■-
Tehauia and Ro<l iflnff i.«
•»:BOa Peters, Milton. Olkdftle »7Jiap
9i«Oa New Orleans Kiitress, Merced, Fres-
no, JBakeruliekl, Santa Itarliara.
Los Aii|jele», Demli.g, El l'a«o.
New Orfeana and East S':2 F
I»iO«a VaUeJo. Martinez and Way Station* *««*
•I:OOp Sacrameuto Utter Steamers ;... ._ X .S F
San Jose. Nilea and Way Stations. . . J»»I»A
«:OOp LlTermore, Mendot*. Hanford and "_
Visalia... 4il»p
...i...LlTt<nnore, San Jois, Nile* and W»y
SUtlons <••• t»»«**»*
. Fresno, Yoseraite, Merced. Martlnes l*ilßr
i 4 :«<»[• Martinez, Ban Ilamon, VaUeJo.
Napa, Callstoga, JCI Verano and
Santa Itosa »ilB»
4iOOp Benlcla, VaoaTllle, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MairysTlUe, Oro- _
▼ Lite ami .SHcranionto '2 *°
4iSOp Nllos, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7il»r
4:30p Stockton, Lodl, Oakdale (James- m
town for Yosemlte), Merced ..... 1»«1»»
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto. Merced, Berend* .
(Raymond for Yoaenute), Fresno,
MoiaTe. Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles *'* 8 *
4i«Op Santa Fe Iloute. Atlantis KxprMS _
for MojaTe anil Kast •:***
*:O»i> Huropeau Mail, Ogileii and Uaik.... .» : *2*
•B:oo e Vallejo... 'f'!?'
6:O»r llaftranU. NII.n ami Ran .Tone 7:48 A
J7:oop Vallejo. Port Costa and Way 81a-
tions J»»4i>r
Oregon UK»r«wui,Bacramento, Marys-
»llle. ItoiMlnr. Portland. I'nget
Hoiin.l mi.l 8:I!>A
SAN LKAJSIIUO A.M» HAVWAKDS 1.00A1..
( Foot ot Market Street.)
' ' 1 Melrotr, Scmlimrjf Turk, f I ***
*•«»* lltrhbar*;, Klmlmrst, .^SjJSi--
••••* S«n I.euH.lro, South San YiMi
112-oom ' Lorenzo, Cherry • tli4Sr
*i3:OOp „ »■«» S'lS!
Sioop Hay wards. < sli*5 l i* r
7ioop < Runs through to Nile*. := Tt4O»
J t From Niles. I
COAST DIVISION (Narrow «auge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:45 a Santa Cruz Eicurslon. Santa Crn«
and Principal Way Stations ....... J8«O*»
8: 1 5 a Newark. tervir.e, San J Fel ton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Crux and Way
Stations ■•••• B « 30 »
*Silsp Newark, CeD tortile, San Jose New
• Almaden, Felton, Boulder Greek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations -• £ 5£ A
4il3p San Jose, Glenwood 4 Way Stations •'••a
g4:iap Boulder Creek and Santa Crux J»i»OA
CREEK. ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS FRIHCISCO-iFoot or UttUt Str««t (Slit •)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:0fl».M. tl:00 *2.-00 t3:00
•1:00 ■ tB:OO . ♦e:OOr.»«.
from 01UAIIB— foot »rßr»«dw»j.—'«:OO 8:00 10:00 l.M.
U2:00 •1:00 1:2:03 *3:00 ti:00 •8:00 p.m.
* COAST VISION (Broad Uaage).
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
•7:o©a Ban .lose ami Way SUtlons (New
' Almaden Wednesdays only) ltSOr
t7:30.\ Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose,
Santa Cruz, Picifio Grove and
Principal Way Stations }S>S»r
•iOOa Han Juso, Tres l'luos, Hunta Cruz,
Tuciiic Grove, l'asn llobles. San
liiiis Obisito, Quadalupe, Surf and
I'iinciiml Way Stations 4il«r
lOiIOa San .lose ami Way Stations...;..... *BtOOA
I1:»Oa San .!•■»•• ami Way .Stations •8i8»a
; *»:43rSati Viateo, Redwood, Menlc Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Ullroy, Hollluter, Santa Cruz.
Salinas, Monterey and Pacitio
Grove MO»8«A
•SiSOr San Jose and Way Stntlons *9iOOa
••1:1 5p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:4Sa
*sioop San Jose and Principal Way Stations. . «:88a
BiSOp San Jose and Princu. »l Way StatloM . *iBOf
«i»Op San Jose and Way Stations v * sB *»
tlli4sp San Jose ami Way Stations v T»aOy
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
• Sundays executed. { Sundays only, ♦ Saturdays ouly
| Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sunday.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cart
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car*
Run on the Following Time <
fceave San Francisco. 4:3o p. m.. B.M.T.W.T.F.»^
I; Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m.. "W.T.F.S.S.M.Ti
! A-rrtve Kansas City. .7:oo a. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.W,
Arrive St. Louis 8:15 p. m.. T.F.S.B.M.T.W.
: Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m.. T.F.B.S.M.T.'W
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meal* at Very Reason*
able Rates.
! you WILL BE COMFORTABLB
; If You Travel on the Santa Fo»
(111 FRANCISCO 'tIKeToFFICE— I44 MARKET SI
Chronicle Buildlnft. Telephone Main 1510.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
\ Sacram9nto Office— 2ol J Street,
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIK
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
: From June 1, 1893, trains will run as follow*: .
" South-bound. . North-bound. r
Passen- Mixed Mixed Passen- -
; ger Sunday Sta- • Sunday ger
Daily. lExe'ptM tons. Exc'pt'd Dally..
7:20 am 0:00 a m Stockton ■ 8:45 p m 5:40 p m
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 1:53 pn» '
10:40 a m 3:f.0 p m Fresno 9:SO a m 2:20 p m
11:35 aml 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 a m 1:25 p m
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rfl'd 2:30 amlol6 a m
12:06 pml 7:50 p m .Visalia 6:40 a m 12:56 p m
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
" Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at I
. p. m. dally; ' at Merced with stages to and
from Snellings,- Coulterville. Y"»emKe. etc.;
also with stage from Hornltos. Marlposa, etc;
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Mailtn.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
i From San Francisco, commencing May 1. log.
WEEK DAYS.
' For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo. . *t:OfL
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; »1:45. 8:20. 4:00. 6:IS, «t3C
: 6:30 p. m.
; i Extra trips for ■ San Rafael ' on Mondays,
Wednesdays. Saturdays ;• and Sundays ■at ll:M
' p. ax. * ■
SUNDAY'S.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— "B:oo, •9:08. -
' •10:00, 11:00. 11:30 a. m.; 1:00, •1:45. •2:SO. •4.-OJL
i 6:30. 6:45 p. m. ■ , - .- ««•
i 11:00 a. m. does not ran to San Rafa«L
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Train, marked^ t^Sa^Quentln.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'nt.
1:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
6:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— To males and
r ■ way stations. -* ■,- ...
i 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'n.
li BOUMT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY^
(Via Sausalito Ferry.) . :
-\ Leave San • Francisco, ■ commencing: Ma* ' i_- ■
i IS9S: .■ . ■ :-■■ ■:,.'. ,- • .- ■ ... . .*-/■■•■..
■ Week Days— a. rt., 1:45 and 5:15 p m. ■
Sundays— 9:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. ; m.. , i:4S and
1:80 p. m. """
Round trip from Mill Valley, O. -"-
- YHCS COOK & SON, Aeenta, -OX Vtrtii
( street. San FrancUco. : — -*— •.■■'.—- ~ -./-—!?,.
78
IBERG WAS
INVINCIBLE
His Superb Pitching
Hard to Beat.
FITZPATRICK WAS VERY EASY.
SO WEBE THE HARD-HITTING
ATHLETICS.
Ban Joses Play Beautifully, While
Their Opponents Play Miser
ably, Both at Bat and
in the Field.
BY JOE CORBETT.
The San Jose "Florists," through ex
cellent playing-, combined with hard and
opportune hitting, assisted by the superb
pitching of Mr. Iberg, completely defeat
ed the Athletics yesterday by the score
of 11 to 0. The largest and by far the
most enthusiastic crowd of the season
was present-
Many of the old stand-bys who In days
gone by have time and again wended
their way in the direction of. the now de
funct Haight street grounds to give their
lungs a little exercise, were conspicuous
by their cries of "Kill the umpire" and
such other remarks of that nature which
emanate only from the faithful and con
sistent rooter.
They had occasion to show their dis
pleasure on a couple of Mr. Sweeney's
decisions, and did so nobly, but with poor
results. Mr. Reilly, the premier second
baseman of the league, also strenuously
objected to Mr. Sweeney's way of engin
eering things, and there Is no doubt In
the world but what Charley will have to
study up a bit. He is competent enough
to render decisions in most instances, yet
there are a few points on which he is ig
norant, and these few should be mas
tered immediately. There is only one
thing to do in such a pinch and that is to
stop the game a few moments and glance
over the rule book. In this manner order
may be preserved and a possible riot pre
vented. It is very poor policy to render
a decision when not positively sure that
it is correct. Mr. Sweeney's mistakes,
however, in no manner interferred with
the results of the game. The Athletics
were beaten beyond the shadow of a
doubt, as the score proves, and their
playing was miserable compared to what
it has been in the past. It was a bril
liant yellow (tuch as the Frisco's*) J and
what made it appear ten times j worse
was the cruel, unclub-like methods em
ployed by those "Florists" when facing
Sir Foghorn Fitzpatrick. Eleven hits all
told were made off his straight balls (I
say straight balls because he displayed
nothing else), and they were of the kind
that are not soon forgotten. Fitzpatrick,
however, has been doing more than his
share of good work so far this season,
and pitchers have off days, as do entire
teams, so it would hardly be in order to
censure him.
The same can be said of the team that '
I him up. They have done all that
rpected of them by both public and
igement, and their poor playing yes
y, in view of this fact, must not be
too severely condemned. Even if they had
played a better game in the field, the re-
BUlt must be the same. Iberg, with his
Blow, tantalizing caroms, was simply in
vincible. Only once during the game did
it look as if his opponents wou
He was equal to the occasion, however,
as he Invariably is when in form, and the
hopes of Messrs. Crowley and ivapliu
were shattered to smithereens when the
cessaxy to replace one of those
• Kgs disappeared Into the hands of
Brockhoff. Mr. Iberg. like Mr. Darlcn,
was given almost perfect Bupport. His
team played a beautiful game, and its i
work of Saturday and yesterday stamps
It as one of the most dangerous clubs in i
the league. It would be almost impossible
lor them to play better ball, and may
tli-'ir goid work continue, for it is appre
ciated. Mr. McGueken and the managers
of the team are to be congratulated. They
gone to no little expense In securing
the services of most of the players, and
s apparently is crowning their ef-
Tho players, every one of them, go
their task in a business like man
ner, In yesterday's game not an oppor
tunity was overlooked, save in the case
of Brockhoff when caught between third
and home, when he should have dashed
lor the plate instead of watching what
was going to bappi n to Hanley. Tne mis
take can be easily overlooked, but, mind
you, Brock, don't let it happen again.
The only thing that saves you in this case
:r earnest work in t&e past. Be
now, as Westan is authority forthe
?>ient that your salary is to be raised.
The score is as follows:
SAX J< ISB.
Ali. It. Bil. SB. PO. A. E.
Hanley. I. t 6 12 0 10 0
Hanlon 1 b 6 2 2 0 13 0 0
McGucken, c. t 6 0 2 12 0 0
Egan, 2 b 6 2 0 0 13 0 j
Foley/ r. f... 5 2 2 11 0!
McCarthy. 3 b 5 0 0 0 11
BroekhofT, s. b 5 12 0 6 3 0
Kent, c 5 12 1111
Iberg, p 5 2 10 10 0'
Totals 49 11 13 3 27 8 3
■ ATHLETICS.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Smith, c. f....; 4 0 0 0 111
Ilellley, 2 b 4 12 14 41
McLaughlin, s. 8.... 4 0 0 0 1 5 2
Stultz. 1 b 4 0 1 0 12 0-1
Scott, c 4 0 2 13 2 1!
Ford. 1. I 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 |
Uilderbrand, r. f.... 4 0 10 4 12
Johnson. 3 b 4 0 10 2 0 1
FHzpatrick, p 3 0 0 10 12
Totals 35 0-7 3 27 14 11
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Ban Job© 0 2 10 13 0 2 2—ll
Base hits 0 2 3 0 13 11 2-13
Athletics 0 00000000—0
Base hits 0 02001211—7
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit— Foley. Two-base hit—Brock
hoft", Kent, Foley. Jlanlon, McGucUen. Sacri
fice -Tberg. Bases on errors— San Jose, 8;
Athletics, 2. Bases on balls— San Jose. 3: Ath
letics, 1. Left on bases— San Jose, 6; Athletics,
A. Struck out— By Iberg, 6, Fitzpatrick, 2. Hit
by pitcher— Iberg. Double play—Brock
holt to Ecan to llanlon. Parsed balls—
Fcott, 3. Wild pitch— lberg. Time of game—
1:40. Umpire— Sweeney. |
■
THE SAND CRABS WON.
Oakland's Hard Hitters Puzzled
'f- by Southpaw Daubenbis'
Curves.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal, June 19.— th«
second time this season the Sand Crabs '
downed ( tho hard-hitting Oakland [ aggre
gation to-day, ! after one of the hottest
games ever , witnessed at Dolphin Park.
Oakland put up a rare fielding game,
but was -unable to find the shoots that
Southpaw Daubenbis winged over the
plate. Oakland , scored •. her ■ first | run. in
the fourth. Then the Sand Crabs In their
last half of the fourth scored three runs.
In the ; seventh Oakland added another
to her string." In the ninth Oakland came
near .pulling the game out of the fire.
With three men on bases and one out.
O'Nell stepped to the plate. He drove a
hot liner to Ba!sz;in center and the lat
ter made a phenomenal catch and then
retired : Sykes at second, saving the lo- !
cals from possible defeat. The score fol
lows: j :'/.' }■'?. >S
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, b..5....... 4 0 0 0 IS 1
Mclntyre. 1. 1 4 0.0 0 1 0 *- 0
Deveraux, 3 b ....... 4.01 1 0 ■ 4.0
Halsz. c. f..... 4. 0 10 3 2. '2
Btrleb, 1 b. ........... 3 10 . 1 11 01
McGrath, r. f ...3 11 1 1:0
Arellaneß. 2 b ...2 2 2 14 10
C. Daubenbis," c... 3 0 0 0.6 1 0
E. Daubenbls, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals imrmii :—: — 4, i 6 27 15 4
OAKLAND.
AB R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doncvan, r. f 5 0 0 0 2 0 0'
0 Nell. 2 b 5 0 0 0 1 2 1
Lang,-, 3 r 4 1112 10
Hardie, c. t 3 1 1 0 0 1 G
Sullivan, c 3 0 0 13 10
Schmeer. s. 8 4 12 0 13 1
Sykes, lb 4 0 2 0 13 0 0
Dean. 1. 1 2 0 10 2 0 1
Russell, p 4 0 0 10 5 0
Totals 34 3 7 3 24 18 3
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 0 0 0 3 0 0 10 •— 1
Base hits 0 1 0 3 0 0 0 1 •— 3
Oakland 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 I—3
Base hits 0 0 110 2 111—7
SUMMARY.
Earned run— Santn Cruz Two-base hit— Sykes.
Sacrifice hit— Hardie. Double plays— McGrath
to C. Daubenbin: Balsz to Arellanes. Base on
called balls— Off Daubenbis, 4: off Russell, 1.
Base on hit by pitcher — C. Daubenbis, Dean.
Struck out— Daubenbis. 3; Russell. 2. Passed
ball —Daubenbis. Base on errors— Santa Cruz,
3; Oakland, 5. Left on bnses— Santa cruz, 3:
Oakland. 6. Time of Earn e— l:lo. Umpire— J.
O'Connell. Scorer— H. Flelsig.
♦
DEFEAT SAN FRANCISCOS.
The Invincible Brewers of
Sacramento Win From
the Visitors.
SACRAMENTO. June 19.— Everybody
expected the San Franciscos to do some
thing to-day whan they crossed bats with
the Gilt Edges, but it was not long be
fore it was evident that the invincible
brewers were in their usual trim and but
little hope remained for the visiting club,
as the following score will show:
GILT EDGE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hughes, 2 b 5 2 4 0 2 4 0
J'eeples. 3 b 5 3 2 0 2 2 3
Stanley, c 4 3 10 6 2 1
p 4 2 2 113 0
Hhiinnhan, ■c. f 4 1 2 0 2 0 1
Lochhead, s. s 5 1 0 0 4 2 i.
Caveriy, lb 4 0 2 0 9 1 1
Borland, I. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
Harvey, c. f 6 2 2 110 0
Totals 43 14 15 2 27 14 9
SAN FRANCISCO.
A P.. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
H. Krug, 3 b 5 10 0 14 2
Knell, p. & 2 b.... 4 1113 2 3
Murphy. 1 b 4 110 8 0 0
K. Krus, 8. s 5 2 4 113 3
Hearty, 1. f 5 1 0 0 2 0 0
Hammond, o 5 0 1 0 7 2 1
Dunleavy. 2 b & o. f. 5 0 0 0 1 1 0
Strocker. r. f 3 1 1 0 1 0 0
Shay, c. f. & p 4 0 1 0 3 4 0
Totals 41 7 9 2 27 16 9
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Gilt Edge 2 114 0 2 0 4 o—l4
Base hits 2 3 0 5 0 2 0 3 o—ls
San Francisco 0 00006100—7
Base hits 0 0 0 1 0 5 2 0 I—9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Doyle 3. Shay 4,
Knell 7. Three-base hit— Stanley. Two-base
lilts— Hughes, Peeptes, Strooker and K. Krug.
Sacrifice hits— Borland and Hearty. First base
on errors— Gilt Edge 6, San Francisco 6,
First base on called balls— Doyle 4. Knell 2.
Left on bases— Gilt Edge C, San Francisco 8.
Struck out— By Doyle 4, Shay 1. Knell 5. Hit
by pitcher— Caveriy. Double play— Shay to
Dunleavy. Passed ball — Hammond. Time of
game— l:so. I'm jjire— Dave Creamer.
The Fresnos Victorious.
STOCKTON, June 19.— A big crowd saw
the raisin-eaters from Fresno defeat the
local ball tossers by a score of 3 to 1 at
Goodwater Grove this afternoon. The
following score tells the tale:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Muller. 1. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Billings, 8. 8 4 0 0 0 4 11
Smith, 2 b 3 0 10 0 10
Belna, 1 b 4 0 0 0 7 0 0
Rice, r. f 4 0 10 4 0 0
M. White, c. f 3 10 110 0
Peters, c S 0 0 0 6 1 2
Starker. 3b 2 0 0 0 1 3 0
Whalen, p 2 0 0 0 0 2 2
Totals 29 1 2 1 24 8 6
FRESNO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Earley, 2 b 3 110 13 1
Held, 1 b 4 1 1 0 H 0 1
Courtney, s. s 2 1 0 0 1 7 0
McCue, c. t 3 0 10 0 10
Moore, 3 b 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Ferguson, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Brittaln, 1. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Mansrerlna, c 3 0 0 0 5 2 1
Tawney, p 3 0 1 0 0 3 0
Totals 28 3 4 0 27 IS 3
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Fresno 2 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 •— 3
Base hits 1 110 0 0 10 •— 4
Stockton 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 o—l
Base hits 0 10 0 0 0 10 o—2
SI'MMAKY.
Responsible for runs— Ta.wney 1, Whalen 3.
Two-base hits— Smith, Rice. Held. Hit by
pitcher — Starkey, * v halen. Passed ballr. — Peters
1. Mnnserina 1. Sacrifice hits— Selna 2. Left
on bases— Stor-kton 4. Fresno 5. Bases on balls
—Whalen 4, Tawney 2. Struck out— By Whalen
4. Umpire— Charles Chase. Time— l:3o. Scorer
—A. H. Harlln.
♦
It Was a Hot Game.
GRASS VALLEY. June 19.— The hottest
and one of the best games ever played at
the Watt park diamond took place to-day
between the Monarchs of this city and
the Banners of Nevada City. The latter
won by a score of 7 to «5. There was goo<4
hitting on each side and excellent fielding.
Overmeyer and Whitburn were the bat
tery for the locals, fnd Rockenfield and
Ballestero for the visitors.
STOPS THE GAME AT
AN OPPORTUNE TIME.
Cleveland Pastor Causes the Home
Team's Arrest After the Win
ning Bun Is Scored.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs W. L. Pet. Clubs W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..34 17 .968 tTrv.- York ..28 24 .520
Boston 33 18 .647 i'hHartolphia^O 27 .426
Cleveland ..81 19 ,6K> Brooklyn ...2') 28 .417
Baltimore ..2S 20 .5^3 Washington l r i R2 .373
Chicago ...-29 23 .558 Bt. Louia ..U 32 .373
Pittsburg ..27 24 .529 Louisville ..16 38 .293
CLEVELAND, June 19.— The authorities
of Collinwood village stopped the Clevc- j
land-Pittsburg game at Beach Park this }
afternoon, but not until after the home
team had won a victory. In the eighth !
Inning, with the bases full, Gardiner hit i
the batter and forced in the winning run !
for the home team. At the end of that !
Inning the Marshal of Collinwood ap- j
peared on the grounds with warrants
sworn out by Rev. George R. 3arry, a j
village clergyman, and placed all the
Cleveland players under arrest. They!
were taken before Magistrate- Elton in the ;
village, vho released them on $50 bail each ;
for appearance next Saturday afternoon.
The Pitsburg players were not interfered
with. Atendance, 3000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Clevi'lond 4 3 1
PttUburg 3 10 2
Batteries — Wilson and ('rigi-r; Gardiner and
Bowerman. Umpires— Snyder and Connolly.
CHICAGO, June 19.— The Reds could do
nothing with Griffith to-day, while the lo
cals found BreitfMistein rather easy and
hit him hard throughout the game. The
crowd was a record breaker. Atendance,
22.400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 30 13 3
Cincinnati 1 7 4
Batteries — Griffith r.nd Donahue; Breitenstein
and Vaughn. Umpires— Swartwood anil Wood.
ST. LOUIS. June 19.— The Colonels and
the Browns broke even to-day in two of
the hardest fought games of the season.
Neither of the games was over until the
last man was out. Dowling pitched a su
pert game for the visitors. Attendance.
14,000. Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 6 U 4
St. Louis 7 9 4
Batteries— Maß<v> and Powers; Tnylor and
Clements. Umpires- Kmslie and Curry.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville « 5 3
St. Ixiuls  t 3 2
llatterles— Dowllil* and Snyder; Hughe" r,M
patrlck and Clements. Umpires- fimslte and
Curry.
. SEATTLE, June 19.— Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Spokane 14 17 8
Tacoma 7 7 8
Score, second game:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Spokane 5 12 3
Tacoma 9 11 3
SEATTLE, June 19.— Score:
Clubs— • R. H. E.
Seattle 3 4 3
Portland 4 10 2
The Austrians' Picnic.
The Austrian Military and Benevo
lent Association will hold its twentieth
annual family gathering and outing at
Germania Gardens, near the Presidio,
next Sunday, Juno 2fi. An Interesting
programme ol events will be arranged. Th»
company will Leave its armory, su? Siu
ter street, in uniform at 10:30 a. m. The
proceeds will be given to the Red Cross
Society of California.
•
THE SAIS" FRANCISCO fcALL, MONDAY, JTJjSTE 20, 1898.
FOR FREEDOM
A FAST HOUND
Imported Dog Showed
Bursts of Speed.
LIGHTNING FAST HARES
MYBTLE PROVED A SURPRISE
TO THE TALENT.
Blackette and Glen Roy Make a
Long and Sensational Course
After an Intelligent
Hare.
Five thousand followers of the fasci
nating pastime, coursing, were treated
to the finest kind of soort at Union Park
yesterday. Xot only did they witness the
longest course seen in this city in years
between Blackette and Glen Roy, but
they saw For Freedom. J. H. Rosseter's
magnificent lightning fast importation
from England pass his rivals as if they
were standing still and land the Cham
pion stake.
An exceptional fast lot of hares were
turned loose during the day and the
manner in which they led the fleet hounds
over the course created wonder and en
thusiasm among those present.
Larkoy & Rooks' Myrtle won the maid
en stake to the surprise of every one.
Wayfarer and Commodore were picked
by the talent to lnnd the purse, but to
their chagrin, Commodore was put out of
the struggle early in the game, and al
though Wayfarer was In the final, he was
unable to beat the winner owing to the
hard courses he had experienced pre
viously.
The principal event of the day was the i
championship stake offered by the Inter- ]
state Coursing Clubs in which eight dogs j
competed. For Freedom was made fa
vorite by the talent and he did not dis- !
appoint them. He met for the first time ;
the heretofore invincible Santa Clara]
bitch Rosette and ran away from her. 1
When he klljed the hare there was over
four lengths difference between them.
Short ends had the best of the stake,
however, as False Flatterer with odds
of two to one against her beat Metallic,
and Rusty Gold, another favorite, lost to
Skylall at the same odds.
The feature of the maiden stake event
waa the course between B'.ackette and
U'.en Roy. An exceptionally fine hare
was released and set a heartrending pace
for its pursuers. Twice it crossed the
field and by rjuick turns and bewildering
dodging covered over four miles. The |
pace proved too much for the hounds and j
they faltered, neither being able to close \
in on the tired hare, as it crawled to a i
place of safety. Blackette was given a
decision, but was withdrawn on the .n^xt
round owing to fatigue. It was (eared
that she would die and mipht have done
bo but for the energetic work of her
trainers.
Lady Campbell defeated Tod Sloan In
another long course in which both took
bad falls in trying to grab their prey.
The former was withdrawn by her hu
mane owner. Jesse Moore beat Flashlight,
who was selling favorite at 3 to 1 and
shortenders reaped a harvest.
In the final for the champion stak'?
False Flatterer and For Freedom com
peted. The former showed improved form
and many banked on him to win at odds
of 8 to 1. Their hopes were nearly real
ized during the first half minute of the
race, as the English dog ran unsighted.
The shortender began to close In on the :
hare, but For Freedom caught sight of \
the fleeing bunnie and with tremendous
bounds caught up with his rival and in a
lightning drive passed her and caught the
hare.
The winner bas won four events, two
open and two championship stakes, since
coming to this co*ast. As a pup he divided
the great Altcar cup with his sister
Flushed Face, in which 128 dogj com
peted. He was purchased by Mr. Rosse
ter, who also owns Firm Friend and
other well known animals. Jim Edmonds,
one of the oldest and best known cours
ing men, threatens to sell all his property
and import a dog from England within
the next six months to beat the Invinci
ble hound. It will have to be done as the
local dogs now running only exercise him.
Following is the way the dogs ran:
Champion Stake, first round — E. V. Sullivan's
False Flatterer beat J. H. Rosr.eter's Metallic;
E. V. SuHivan's Skyball boat D. J. Healey's
Rusty Qotd; George Whitney's Therein beat F.
J. Mclnerney's Rosie R; J. H. Rosseter's For
Fr» dom beat Curtis & Son's Rosette.
Second round— False Flatterer beat Theron;
For Freedom beat .Skyball.
Final— For Freedom beat False Flatterer.
Maiden Stake, second round — John Kerrigan's
Lady Blanche beat H. E. de Lopez's Minne
apolis; R By Kay's Sylvia beat R. E. de B.
Lopest Daisy Crest; R. B. Kay's Crossnateh
beat J. S. Hanrahnn's Mercury; D. Ford's
Bonlta beat P. Brophy's Benicia Boy; R. E. de
B. Lopez's Winona beat T. J. Mclnerney's Mol
llei Curtis & Son's Blackette beat Deckclman
& Panario's Glen Roy; John Perigo's Wayfarer
bent Larkey A Rock's Minerva; J. McNeu s
Bportaman beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Quiver;
.1 Mfarnane'a Flashlight beat F. Jones' Do Me;
I^arkey A Rock's Myrtle beat E. V. Sullivan's
O'Orady; E. V. Sullivan's Jp<=se Moore beat
R B, de "!i. Lope»* Arrow; M. N'palon's Van
Knapp beat Lahiwen & Duncan's Wheel of
Fortune; E. Price's MailKP Wildfire beat D. J.
H':tlpy's Wave; T. J. Mclnerney's Johnny R
beat M. J. Perry*! Klondike; Curtis & Son's
Vanity Fair btat Orient Kennel's Promise Me;
A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat Thomas McEl
(3owney's The Gossoon; Curtis & Son's Commo
dore beal .' Shea's Firenz 0 ; Curtis & Son's
Lady Campbell beat G. Sharman's Walt a
Third round— l^ady Blanche beat Sylvia: Cross
patch beat Bonita: Winona a bye; Wayfarer
heat Spi.rtsman; Jesse Moore b^at, Flashlipht;
Myrtle beat Van Knapp; Vanity Fair beat
Madge Wildfire; Johnny R beat Commodore;
Lady Campbell beat Tod Sloan.
Fourth round— Lady Blanche beat Crosspatch;
Wayfarer bent Winona; Myrtle beat Jesse
M ore; Johnny R beat Vanity Fair; Lady
Campbell Withdrawn.
Fifth round— Wayfawf beat Lady Blanche.
Johnny R ar.rt Myrtle ran a bye, but Johnny
R irot the decision.
SiNth round— Wayfarer beat Johnny R; Myrtle
ran a bye.
Final— Myrtle beat Wayfarer.
At Ingleside.
A fair crowd was at the Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday afternoon and
the hounds chased the hares to the leash
man's delight. The racing was of a very
good quality, the favorite having all the
best of it in the preliminary rounds. The
hares were strong and the matching es
pecially good.
The tirnt round of the Consolation
stake, drawn from the losprs in Satur
day's event, resulted as follows:
Consolation stake— J. O'Dowd's Clifton Lass
beat G Thomas' Sir Walter: T. A. Gaffney'3
Sir John Arnott beat P.att & Frank's Deco
rator; J. Kelly's Little Cripple beat J. O'Don
nell's San Mnteo; G. Smart's Silku-ood boat
Napoleon Kennel's Pacific Queen; F. C. Mack's
Black Patti beat Arthur Master's Persim
mons; Alfre-1 Haieh's Hattle beat George
O'Brien's Admiral Dewey; J. L. Sears' Beauty
beat I>. Shannon's Sprig o' Hill; C. Strehl's
Skylark beat E. \V. Whlteslde's Brimbo.
The first round of the all aged stake was
run:
T M'-'llugh's Montana beat M. Murphy's
Gilt Edpe; T. J. Cronin's Thornhill beat
James Byrne's Mohawk: Larkey & Rock's
Liberty Hell boot B. Dauzhc-rty's Tessle Fair;
Lowe & Thompson's Prlncp Hal beat Dillon
& Rellly's Queen B; Napoleon Kennel's Fire
ball beat Jimmy Anthony's Statesman; T. J.
Cronin's Magnet beat Dekelmar. & Panarlo's
ltoy.il Oak; Derby Kennel' s Uttta Dorrit beat
G. Roddy's Besneice; K. M. Elkus' Telephone
Girl beat Larkey & Rock's Hercules; Lowe &
Thompson's High Born Lady beat P. Gorman's
Kingston; J. M. Slillwell's L4ttle Dell beat F.
Foley'3 Mystic; Lowe ft Thompson's Victor
beat C. Strehls Jimmy Cork; T. Cooney's
Right Bower beat P. O'Donnel's Counterfeit:
D Kaher's Belle of Moscow beat D. Shannon's
Sinaloa; J. L. Sears' Hotstuff beat D. Shan
non's Soubrette.
First ttca of the all aged— Thornhtll heat
Montana; Prince Hal beat Liberty Bell; Mag
nei beat Fireball; Little Dorritt beat Telephone
Girl; Little Dell beat High Born Lady; Victor
beat Right Bower; Hotstuff beat Belle of Mos
cow.
Third ties— Prince Hal beat Thornhlll; Mag
net beat Little Dorrit; Little Dell beat Victor;
Hot .^tuff ran a bye.
Fourth ties— Prince Hal beat Magnet; Little
Dell beat Hot Stuff.
Final— Little Dell beat Prince Hal and won
the stake.
Consolation Stake, first ties— Sir John Arnott
beat Clifton Lass; Silkwood beat Little Cripple;
Black Pant beat Hattie; Skylark beat Beauty.
Second ties— Sir John Arnctt beat Silkwood;
Skylark beat Black Pattl
Final— Skylark beat Sir John Arnott.
THE COURSING WAS GOOD.
Some of the State's Best Dogs
at the Los Angeles Park.
LOS ANGELES, June 19.— There was a
larpe crowd «.t the coursing at Agricul
tural Park to-day, fully 25W people being
in attendance. The sport was especially
good, as some of the finest dogs in the
State were entered for the crackajack
stake and some very good ones in the
consolation.
In the run-offs, consolation, Hercules beat
Olympia; Fair Rosaline beat Queen J: Orphan
Girl beat Bugle B; Here We Are beat Bon
Alme; Fleetfoct beat Portia- Turk beat Bonnie
Bell: Skyball beat Columbia: Corbett beat Ga
bnella; Home Rule beat Blue Diamend; Santa
Ana Boy beat I'ncle Sam- John Mitchell beat
Little Dick; Shamrock Lass beat Juanlta.
In the run-offs, crackajack, Stella beat Van
Tralle; Orpheum Lass beat Don Oralnl; B
B and B beat Grazer; Tip Steadman beat Blue
Bird; Crow Dog beat ABC; Van Brulle >>eat
Sir Jasper; Oriental beat Beau Brummel; Lit
tle Brown Jug beat Ormonde after a tie.
In the first ties, consolation. Hercuies beat
Fair Rosaline after a tie; Orphan Girl beat Here
ue Are; Fleet Foot beat Turk; Corbett beat
S.tyball: Home Rule beat John Mitchell; Santa
Ana Boy beat Shamrock Lass
In the first tie, crackajack, Orpheum Lass
beat Pteiia; Tip Steadman beat B B and B:
Crow Dog beat Van Brulle; Oriental beat Lit
tle Brown Jug.
In the second ties, consolation. Hercules beat
Orphan Girl; Fleet Foot beat Corbett; Home
i Rule beat Santa Ana Boy.
In the second ties, crackajack, Orpheum
Lass beat Tip Steadman; Crow Dog beat Ori
ental.
In the third ties, consolation. Fleet Foot beat
Hercules; Rome Rule beat Olympla a bye.
In the finals, crackajack. Crow Dog beat
Orpheurn Lass, with Orpheum -Lass second.
Oriental third. Tip Steadman fourth.
In the finals, consolation, Home Rule beat
Fleet Foot, with Fleet Foot second, Hercules
third; the rest divided
In the Handball Arena.
The popular game of handball, that
never has its closing season, still keeps
the boards and draws its adherents
weekly to the court at Phil Ryan's Occi
dental headquarters at SSB Howard street.
Yesterday was no exception to the rule.
The court was filled with anxious play
ers all patiently waiting for their turn
to get into the fray with some champion
of renown, for none play there but those
having records. The games yesterday
were contested by the following players:
J. Leonard and J. Lawless defeated P. Hutch
lnson and P. Ryan. Score: 21-15. 13-21. 21-17.
B, Clemr-nts and W. Happen defeated A.
Antron and T. Clements. Score: 21-17. 14-21,
21-1?.
M. McLaughlln and D. Regan defeated W.
Hnmllton and M. McClure. Score: 21-12, 14-21,
81-18.
P. Stelner and L. Coralne defeated 'M. " Mc-
Neil and C. McKinnon. Score: 21-17, 15-21, 21-13.
J. Condon and T. Leach defeated M. Joyce
and W. Cope. Score: 21-I G, 14-21, 21-20.
L. Waterman and E. McDonougn defeated J.
R. Bockman and D. J. Sheehan. Score: 21-11,
13-21, 21-18. 1
J. Harlow and G. Hutchlnson defeated P.
Kelly and A. Pennoyer. Score: 21-16, 18-21,
21-19.
D. PvOdgefs and W. Manlon defeated G. Mc-
Donald and M. McDonald. Score: 21-14, 15-21,
21-20.
J. Rtordon and H. Liriehan defeated J. C.
Nealon and J. White. Scor»: 21-15. 17-21. 21-14.
D. O'Hrien and J. Brien defeated J. Condon
and G. Maguire. Score: 2i-u. i:.-2i. 2l'-i9.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs Manning, Sacto I A B Smith&w, Fresno
Miss Manning, Sacto A L SmithSw, Fresno
W Schaw. Sacto MIM Smith, Fresno
S Stone, L Ang ■ , J R Mirer. Fresno
C Haißht, Aiameda E Blytne, Stockton ..
T Moffett, Cal H V Minn. :i '.lister
Dr Gates, Canpbetl VV Campbell, L Ang
<• Coppleman & w. Ca! L Ottineer, Cal
\v E Dargle, Oakland <; L Cobb, Cal
L Queen & w. Cal :-'■ R Rowlands, Plaeervl
D Palmer. St LouU A ■ Combs. Yip.illa
Miss McDjuu'Otl, Oil \V Emery. Angels Cmp
A M!er, L An* M Leonard&w, S Cruz
C Hamilton, Stanford \V II Hilton, Cal
II Kirschel, - Stanford E M Porter, Napa
H She-piiard. Fresno C R Smith, Napa
W Burkhol*>r. -Alaska T M Micer. L Ang
J Durst. Wheatland Mrs Swarthout. S Hrdo
It Brou^r, Sacto Miss Feasterfeldt, L A
BALDWIN HOTEL.
V P Bayne. S Rosa J . Coen, VacavlUe
L W Allen. US A A J ■ Smlth&w, Sacto
C Pettys, Kansas City J Scott & w, Illinois
E Burnell. Chicago. i L> Lyons, L Ang '
C 1! Phelps, Chicago R Fletcher. S Mateo
J Anderson. Martinez ... J <} Sullivan, Moscow
J L A very Rose Hill X B Bert. Boston ■
J S Forrest. Roue Hill H Cs»yl«, N V -
F II Johnson. N T N McCarthy, Lodl
H L Fare. Benicia J G Byrnes. Tracy
R Fitzgerald, U S S Lieut Truett. Cal
Tattf on J G Clarke. U S N
W. Hacks, L Ang : H C Fox, Slssons
S L McKee, L Ang Ir Vlnegas, Stockton
Mrs Rpymour, Chicago! I? Holt Jr. Stockton
\V Moliinley. Illinois 'P. C Glass, L Ang
PALACE HOTEL.
C Lukenbach, Cal' J W--Longr,' L Ang
J Farlp Jr. Sacto C E Mayne, L Adr
Mrs Faris Jr. Sacto EC Machene, N V
J B McCrish, Colo Col Dickinson. N V
Mrs McCrish. Colo Mrs Dickinson, N V
H Hlldebrand. NY S Bulford. Denver
C Mac Donald, Detroit A Roders, Germany
Dr Rachlg, Ind R Bartlett, Germany
J A William? NY PA Purely. Seattle
F Page, Illinois Mrs Purdy, Seattle
B Mettfessell. NY |H Wachhorst. Sacto
F J Fertlg. Warren I Miss James, S Rosa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. •
O Asterdan, Sacto |C Harrington, Cal i
O F Symmons, Ind M P Morris, S Diego
W D Morse & w, Colo J Peterson, Modesto
E H Scott, Mo J R Pollock, L Ang
A Mona^lian. NY G Bruvier, l.i.rcka
EL Ham. Visalla Mrs Carr, HumbuMt
C Wolf, Ma.!era> Miss Carr, Humboldt
C Ordway, Is.t&o ' J Williams, Toronto
J Smith, TuW) W H Reed, & .Tort .
J Mulroy, L An? -- C L Watson, Oakdale
J E Vargas, Co]
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
i BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
| Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
I until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:3(1 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; own until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
IC6 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
252S Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
I'olk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: op^n until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16, &*** \
K. T., Golden Gate building. 625 Sut-^flP ;
ter St.— Stated assembly THIS EVEN- 188
ING at 8 o'clock. The Order of the W
Temple will be: conferred. All I raters are
courteously invited. .
CHARLES L. PATTON. Em. Com.
. ' WILLIAM T. FONDA,? Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal •
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. _#\_
Business and M. M. degree. >CJ\
• 11. G. PRINCE, Secretary. "/V>
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 2GO, F.#. M. •.
and A. , M., 1539 Fillmore st. (Frank- Lff%^.
lln Hall)— Third degree THIS (MON-^Klf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. .- r^T^
order of the Master. • •• • •
- HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. ■ *-
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (MON-_^V_
DAY), June 20, )v.s, at 7:30 o'clock lS_3f
p. m. Deg. 2. By order of the W. M. . /V.
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No 22, F. & A. *
M.— Called meeting THIS • (MONDAY) «JV.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 2d de- TgjX
gree. GEO. W. ROOT. Sec. W'
ATTRACTION Extraordinary— The v irj^T
Scottish: Thistle Club's sixteenth 3K, Qkjh
grand annual gathering and games, *KkXv<
= Shell Mound' Park, MONDAY, July;;:. < *23 a
4. 1898. A truly great celebration, occupying,
the entire day and night. The greatest affair
of . the kind ever held ; on - the Pacific t Coast.
I Grand ball and patriotic display of, fireworks
in the. evening. : Admission (day), adults.- JO
cents; children, 25 cents. ' Admission (night),
adults,' 25 cents; children, 10 f cents. - United
; States ; soldiers and ■ parties in Highland cos-
tume admitted , free. ' •;■ /
W. A. DAWSON. Royal ' Chief. :
GEORGE W. PATERSON, -. Recorder. ; . ■>■■:,
YOUNG; Ladles' Institute— Sisters: -You are
hereby notified that a requiem high mass will
be ■: celebrated for the repose s of* the ; soul >of
, our - 1 late . grand - president. Sophie A. i Grote, '
at St.- Mary's Cathedral, vO'Farrell st. and
Van Ness aye.. ;at 9 a. m., TUESDAY, .. June
; 21. This mass : will |be | under the : auspices |of
the Young Ladies' Grand Institute.- .'AH mem-
bers of the -' order :as - well *as ? relatives : and
friends of the deceased " are ■ Invited to -be
: present., ;' ■ MRS. MARY A. NAGLE," r T' '
Grand First -Vice-President. .
JOSEPHINE T. MOLLOY, Grand Secretary.
REBEL Cork | Benevolent ; Association—
; of the picnic commit teee are ; requested ■to at-
tend .a . meeting nt • Cambrian Hall. . 1133 ? Mis-
sion St., SUNDAY, June 19, -at. 2 ■ o'clock •, to
make - arrangements s for ' the ■ twelfth » annual
picnic :to be held at Shell Mound Park, »on
SUNDAY, August 7. 1898. •- •- -.: .;• .
■ ■■■- JOHN SHEA, , Chairman.
JOHN MOYNIHAN. Secretary. ■'.
\. ./;;,:: ? j SPECIAL NOTICES. : , ' -.
BAD - tenants ejected : for ' $4; ■ collections I made ;
city or country. PACIFIC :-' COLLECTION
C 0. ,, 415 ' Montgomery; st., room 6; tel. 6550. ..;
MISS K. CLEVELAND; from the East— Baths,
: massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room ' 1.
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued.
MISS EVA SI T MM^R^T~alcohoi and vapor
baths. 116 A Grant aye., room 17.
MISS FLOSSIE DAVIS, manicure and mas-
sage. Room 7, 1211 Market, old No. 1007.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer. 147 Pow-
ell st., room 2.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER. 102 l' Market, rm. 12,
opp. EaUlwin; steam baths and massage.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans,
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., room 8.
MISS L. DEAN, 917 Market st.. parlors U and
12, Turkish baths and massage treatment.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and chiropodist.
1021 Market St., rooms 9 and 11.
ETTA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2, 32 Turk st.
PEARL HARRISON and assistant, magnetlo
treatment, massage. 120V4 Geary st., room 2.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary st, room 11.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15H Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
"DIVIDEND NOTICES. '
DIVIDEND NOTlCE^Mutual SavTngTTjanirof
San Francisco, 33 Post st. For the half year
ending June 30, 189S, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and three-quar-
ters (3*4' per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Friday,
July 1, IS9B. GEORGE A. STORY,
Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— San Francisco Savings
Union, 532 California st., corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 30th of June,
ISSB, a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent on term depos-
its and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Friday, July 1, IS9S.
LOVHLL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 56 (50 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Mfirket St., on and after
MONDAY. June 20. IS9S. Transfer books will
close on TUESDAY. June 14. 189 S. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHKLDON, Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.^
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class se-
lect J_!l__B____iTketst :: nearFourth > _^___ >
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT German girl, best of city references, de-
sires a situation as cook and house girl. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish second girl, good
waitress and seamstress; references. Apply
MRS. NORTON, Swedish and German Em-
ployment Bureau, 313 Sutter St.; tel. Green
721.
TWO Swedish girls wish situations together;
cook and second girl; understand American,
French and German cooking. MRS. .NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN housegirl, good cook, two years' ref-
erences; strong and willing; city or country.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
AWAITING situations, several first-class hotel
COOkB, waitresses and chambermaids; housa-
work girls of all nationalities. Please call or
send your orders to MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
4 years last place: city or country. MISS
CX : LLp:N, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT yuiing German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse or second work; $10
to $15; references. MiHS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
..nilly cook, $30. and second
girl. $25, want place together; city or country:
best references; both Swedes. Phone Gra;it
IK. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
NUMBER of girls, all nationalities, awaiting
situations at MRS. HIRD'S Employment Of-
fice. <531 Larkin st. ; tel. Sntter 52 :
Si U' ING v ung woman wishes work In a small
family: good plain cook; chamber work or
Cleaning offices preferred; references If de-
sired. Address box 110, Call office.
yOUNG sirl would like position to do cham-
ber work and sewing in German family. Call
In afternoon. 262 Angollson st., off Nineteenth,
bet. Valencia and Guerrero st.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wishes a situation
to do general housework and assist in cook-
Ing in a small American family. Please call
328% Tenth st.
EXPERIENCED German girl wants situation;
general housework; good cook; American fam-
ily j.roOrred. 1415 Octavia St.
COLORED girl wishes a situation to do light
housework or take care of children; sleep
homo, l.ox 133, Call office.
NUHSEGIRL wishes position t* care for chil-
dren or do light housework; no objection to
country. Call 620 Larkir. Ft.
NEAT young German girl desires a situation
to take care of children or upstairs work.
5258 Harrison st.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
Keeper or cook on ranch; best of references.
116 Turk Bt.
GERMAN girl, good cook and houseworker;
references. 1310 Larkin St., 9 to 3.
NEAT, willing Kir! wishes a place to do up-
stairs or second work. Address box 131. Call.
W WTF.D— Position as seamstress or to do
plain sewing by the day. Box 130. Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes situation general house-
work; good plain cook. 1022 Larkin St.
YOUNG gin wants light housework, $10 to $12
per month. 532 Eddy st.
WOMAN wants washing or ironing by the day.
413 Linden aye.
GERMAN woman, good worker, wants work
by the day; washing and houseeleaning. 365
jessle St., near Fifth and Market.
YOUNG married woman wishes situation as
chambermaid. Call at 510 Linden aye.
YOUNG woman wishes position as wet nurse.
Call or address MRS. D., 2531. Jackson st.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes situation as gen-
eral housework or second work. Please call
3013 26th st., bet. Harrison and Bryant.
YOUNG Swiss-American girl wishes to have
a situation for light housework. Please call
or address l3os> Btodrton ct.
EDUCATED young lady wlvh knowledge of
typewriting, desires position as longhand
writer, correspondent or copyist; good pen-
man and speller; moderate wages. Box 23.
106 Eleventh st.
RELIABLE elderly woman wishes a position
in a small family to assist with light house-
work, would make herself useful; references.
Box 158, <'nll office.
WIDOW wants position In country hotel or on
ranch. W_ Shotwell st.^
WANTED— Situation as a first cook in an in-
stitution. Call Monday forenoort. 127 Turk st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation as
housekeeper and good cook, with city refer-
ences. Apply 767 Harrison st.
SITUATION wanted by a widow and daughter
as housekeeper or general housework; city or
country. C. E. E., 113 Turk St.
STH'>Ni; y.-iimy WMran wishes position ?.s
chambermaid or do general housework; plain
cooking; city preferred; wages $15 to $20.
Please call 249 Stevenson St., bet. Third and
Fourth.
RJEFTNED Swedish girl deslre3 situation as
chambermaid and seamstress. Please call at
ISOS Folsom st.
GFRMAN girl would like situation as house-
keeper; city or country. 160 Tehama St., up-
stairs.
WANTED— Steady place to work each week by |
woman to wash, clean or do plain sewing; ;
will care for sick person. Children's Day
Home, 110 Hayes st.,_near Polk.
GERMAN lady wishes situation as invalid's
nurse, companion or for traveling; good pack-
er. Box 2M, Call office.
BY experienced bookkeeper, office position;
bent of references; interview solicited. Ad-
dress A. 8.. box 306, Call. |
COMPETENT Danish girl wishes to do general I
housework and cooking; understands some \
German cooking; references; $25. 513 McAl-
lister st.
COMPETENT young French lady desires posi-
tion as governess, chambermaid or take care
of children; a graduate. Address E. C, 514
Bush st.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads tak>»n.
~~ SITUATIONS WASTE D— MALKL
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1»«7. BRADLEY & CO.. 840 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. Boats 171.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 4HV4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
WOULD like Job watching day or night; any-
place of trust. Call or address G. W. H.,
1238 Bush st.
L\ i ELLIGENT nice smart Japanese boy
wants a place as school boy. Address MAT-
SUMURA. 1327 Pine st.
INTELLIGENT nice Japanese boy wants a
place as school boy. Address lOKI. 1116 Mis-
sion st.
YOUNG man desires employment In cU-- or
country; references. Address box 129. Cail.
BOY of 17 wants to get a situation or to learn
a trade. Address 2214 Chestnut St.. Oakland.
STEADY middle-aged man wants employment,
either in city or country; wiites a fair hand;
small wages. Address box 241, Call office.
THOROUGHLY competent hotel man wishes
management of hotel; city, country or resort;
Al references from leading Eastern hotels and
clubs. Box 170, Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG man, understands all kinds of orchard
and vineyard work, handling and drying
fruit and making wine, wishes position. Ad-
drpss 330 Harriet St., rear.
ENGINEER would like a position as engineer;
city or country; is a machinist and black-
smith; had 12 years' city experience; can give
good references. Address 2H53 Harrison st.
INDUSTRIOUS Frenchman wishes position
near city on private place; can milk and tend
horses; handy all-around man: references;
moderate wages. Box 311, Call offlct.
STEADY young man with 2^ years' experience,
wishes position as barber. Address J. G.
H.. 1039 Mission St.-
SITUATION wanted by a flrtt-class merchant
tailor cutter, and also a first-class stock cut-
ter; sure to give good satisfaction; city or
country. Box 1!U, Call office.
YOUNG married man wants a position in
store; porter or delivery driver; thoroughly
acquainted with the city; steady position
and low wages. Box 178, Call office.
SWEDE wishes situation In private family as
gardener and coachman; good milker; best
references. Box 138, Call office.
MAN and wife, both good cooks, want posi-
tions In mine or some steady place in coun-
try. Box 136. Call office.
STEADY sober man wants work about a pri-
vate place as garJener: city or country;
handy about a house; best of references. Box
368, Call office.
GOOD Chinese cook, washing, ironing, house-
work, wishes situation; 6 years In last place;
$7 a week. 70S Commercial s=t.
WANTED— By young man (German), kitchen
work, assist in cooking, waiting, saloon or
other work; city or country. Address 11.
VIELITZ, 632 Mission St., room 19.
BUTCHER, young man 23, desires situation;
has six years' experience; can drive horses.
Address CH. SCHMIDT. 26 Minna St.
BOY, 15 j-ears, desires situation; speaks French
and English; best references. 725 Sansome.
WAITER wishes situation as indoor servant or
for private board ins-house: good city ref-
erences : wages $15 to $IS. Hex 344. Cal! office.
YOUNG man, as assistant barkeeper, wishes
position in city or country; 2 years' experi-
ence in East. Address box 337, Call office.
CHINESE servants can be obtained at tin
Metodist Gospel Hail, 734 Jackson St., near
Stockton.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night: $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
HEAD waitress, $25; 7 waitresses and cham-
bermaids, resorts, boarding houses and res-
taurants, $20, $25 and $5 week; 2 boarding
house cooks, $25; 2 laundresses and chamber-
maid, private family. $25; 2 German and j
French second girls, $20; cook, small wash, a |
short distance, $25; and a large number of
girls to fill situations in city and country. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
WANTED TO-DAY .'
3 waitresses springs, $20
4 waitresses Santa Cruz, $20
2 waitresses same hotel, fare paid. $20
2 waitresses, country institution, $20
3 waitresses different country hotels, $20
chambermaid and assist waiting, springs.. $20
6 waitresses city hotels, $20
10 waitresses.. city restaurants, $-1, $5, $6 week
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FAMILY laundress to go to country for sum-
mer. $30; Swedish girl, 2 In family: cook, 2 In
family, $25; 25 housegrirls, city and country,
$20; 20 youn^ girls to assist, $15; second girl,
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Ft.
FOUR fancy ironers, $30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAID to wait and assist generally
at springs, $20 and fare paid. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
T\SO waitresses, commercial hotel, $20 and fare
paid: to go to-day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
J'i4 Coarj st.
NEAT nurse, one child. $12. MISS CULLEN,
K25 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl, light work, $15. MISS CXJLLEN,
325 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress, $20, city; housework girl, Oak-
land, $39; Stockton, $20: Menlo Park, $20; 15
housework girls, city and country. $20 and
$25: 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter 6t.
GERMAN or Swedish girl, chamberwork. $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TOtJNQ grirl as nurse. $15. MISS CULLEN.
32S Sutter st.
TEN waitresses, springs and different re-
sorts; chambermaid and wait one meal, city,
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RANCH cook. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
WORKING housekeeper, country, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
BOARDING house cook, country. $25; second
girl, $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; laundress, $15; nursegirl, $10; house-
girl, $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
RANCH cook. $25; hotel cook, $25; chamber-
maid, $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist housework. $10 to $12;
second girl, $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
Hi iISKGIRL, 2 in family, country. $25: Ger-
man housegirl, 2 in family, $20, city; middle-
asred woman. $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sut-
ter st.
BUSINESS secretary, new mutual organiza-
tion; cashier and bookkeeper, bakery, etc, to-
day. 313 Bush st.
BOOKKEEPER and order clerk, commission
house; stenographer, special work, to-day.
313 Bush st.
EXPERIENCED nurse, traveling: assist !
printer, photograph gallery. 313 Bush st.
2 TICKET clerks: office ma'ron; several sales- !
ladles; factory hands. 313 Bush st.
ALL lady ca.«hlers, bookkeepers, matrons, i
housekeepers, clerks and salesladies. 313 Bush.
ALL waitresses, chambermaids, second girls,
cooks wanting positions call 313 Bush Et.
WANTED — Cooks, chambermaids, nurse girls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631 ;
Larkin st.
WAITRESSES, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 i
Kearny st.
GIRL not under 15 years old for plain cook-
ing and light housework, at Presidio; $8 per I
month. Call 3364 Seventeenth st., between |
Mission and Valencia.
LADIES to soli'it card printing at camp
ground; a good thing. Apply after 10 at
printine office, near cor. First and Point
Lobos ayes.
YOUNG widower (business man) desires a
housekeeper of good appparance and good ad-
dress; must have good references. Box 126,
Call office.
WAXTED— A few hundred more operators at
LEVI, STRAUS *• JO.'S factory, 32% Fre-
mont st. Inquire for Mr. Davis.
GERMAN girl for general housework; plain
cooking. 417 Central aye., near Hayes;
wages $18.
WANTED— German girl for housework and i
cooking. Apply after 10 a. m., 522 Golden
Gate aye.
GIRL to help on custom coats and make good
button holes. 774 Folsom St., bet. 3d and 4th.
YOUNG girl for housework; Wftf«« $12. 1124
Greenwich st., near Hyde.
GIRL wanted for light housewurV. Oakland.
$10. Apply Call office.
WANTED— A woman to take care of children.
2012 Clay st.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework. $15.
805 Franklin St.; 3 in family.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; must |
also be a good cook. Apply 1225 Eddy st.
GIRL to do general housework; plain washing.
1512 Bush st. ; wages $15.
GIRL for general housework; wages $15. After '
9 a. m., 219 Eddy st.
GIRL wanted to do light housework; refer-
ences required. 135 Harriet st.
WAXTED— An apprentice on custom coats and
i to do a little housework. 516 Jessie st.
: WAITRESS, country restaurant, $25; girl.^gen-
eral help, boarding-house. $15; girl, 3 in fam-
ily, $10; girl, general housework, city, $20
PAC. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 835 Market!
GOOD middle-aged woman for light housework
and wait on lady; $H to $10. 716 Franklin st.
WANTED— Experienced operators and good
plush hands. DAVIDSON & MILLER 731
Market st.
j APPRENTICE for hair dressing. MISS K. V
POTLE, 1701 Market st., opposite Tenth.
; YOUNG kIH 17 take care baby and make her-
self useful; must be willing; good home-
swages $10. 2028 Jackson st.
WANTED— GirIs and ladles to learn "Rood's
matrl" scale dress cutting system" complete in
10 days; open evenings; good pay. 207 Taylor.
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; position*
frf-o-. patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttins School. 1079 Market
pt. : perfpet fit: no »ryin~g on: trial free.
HELP WANTED-MALE.
WANTED— Fruit farmer and wife^ $4p~S
miners, $40 and found; 4 quartz miners. $2 60
day; 3 gravel miners. $2 50 day; blacksmith,
for mine, $2 EQ day; carriage smith, $3 to
$„ oO day; stableman, private family, $25;
milker and general choreman for resort, »z5-
carriage painter; butter maker. $30. steady
Job; woodchoppers. $1 25 cord; pine bark peel-
ers. $26; milkers. $25 and $30, steady jobs-
fanners, laborers teamsters and others Ap-
ply to J. F. ■ CROSBTT & CO.. 828 Sacra-
i mento st.
HELP "WANTED— Continued."
WANTED— Steward for first-class house; res-
taurant cooks, city and country; waiters,
dishwashers and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED—* quartz miners, $2 CO day; 3 min-
ers $40 and board; 3 gravel miners. 12 CO day;
carriage smith, $3 to ?3 50 day; blacksmith for
mine, $2 £0 day; carriage painter, farmers,
milkers, woodchoppers and others. J. i.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
...; ALASKA ,
........*...... Ship this morning
........ for Kkaguay Railroad
....All Rock Men and Bridge Carpenters....
Call before 9 o'clock
Steamer sails at 10 0'c10ck..........
....Who wants to sail on this steamer?....
Mr. I. Stanly of Skaguay will be at office this
morning ........ «
Special low rates secured.... •«
Come all for Skaguay ••••• •••••
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
'" ....1".!"..".'. Ship this morning - . — •
for Coast Railroad
20 2-horse teamsters....... ' re « fare
10 wheeler holders ...free fare
come with blankets ready to start ,
regular wages • — •
.........^ R. HANSEN '£ "co" 104 Geary at.
* .... WANTED FOR NEW RAILROAD -
in California •
100 teamsters  •
25 laborers *
10 tunnel men
4 camp cooks •
4 waiters
at regular wages «
ship daily
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BROILER, $50: second cook, small hotel, $50;
second, restaurant, $55; third. $15; 2 cooks,
small hotels near city, $40 each; 2 cooks tot
the army, able-bodied men to enlist, $70; cook
to enlist and go to Manila, $3,". 40; vegetable}
cook for a first-class country hotel, $40 and
free fare; 2 pantrymen, institution, $25; water
. resort, $20; third cook, hotel, $25; lunch cook,
saloon, $S a week and room. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
BREAD and cake baker, country shop, $35 and
found; 2 third hands, $25 and found; fourth,
hand, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
2 WAITERS, city, $40; springs, $20: country
restaurant, $30; waiter for a mine, $25. C. 11.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MARKER and distributer, country steam laun-
dry, $35 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
COACHMAN, $30 and found. C. R. HANSEX
& CO., 104 Geary st.
10 FARMERS, $1 a day; fare 25c. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
OFFICE boy who can attend telephone for our
office; must know the city. C. R. HAi>SEN
& CO., 104 Geary St.
A BEEHIVE OF WORK
MURRAY & READY .;..?
want to-day
15 lumber pliers, $26 and found
.... 26 farm hands, $26 and $20 and found
!.. 10 laborers for sawmills, $26
15 haymakers, $26 and found
...:.. 10 choremen and boys, $10 and $15 *
26 scraper teamsters, $25
20 laborers, city jobs, $175 day
........ 15 sand teamsters, $1 75 day
» 6 milkers, $25 and $30
' .... IS4 woodchoppers, $150 and $1 cord ....
164 tie makers, Be. 10c and lie
3 choremen, private, .'2O
3SS railroad laborers, $1 75 day
...... 259 railroad teamsters, SI 75 day ......
53 miners, $2 50 day
116 laborers for mine, $2 50 day
' .. 20 irrlgators or ditch diggers, $20 and fd..
............ 3 boys to iearn trades
grocery clerk, $15 and found
Also hundreds of other places too numerous
to advertise
Come one Come all
and read bulletin boards of !
MURRAY & READY,
j 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— EMPLOYERS OF HELP .1.. .......'
Please remember
MURRAY & READY
supply most of the corporations
syndicates, banks and trusts
and other large concerns. Including smaller
enterprises located on the Pacific Coast; we
sent seventeen thousand (17,000) men to work
during the year lv"'7: what ,
MURRAY & READY have done
and are doing for others
they can do for for, send you
first class help at once
"free of charge."
634 and 635 Clay St.; telephone Main 5348.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ-,
ment Agents, 634-636 Clay St.
COOKS WAITERS Dishwashers
Camp cook, near city $35 and found
3 hotel cooks $40 and $35 and found
3 restaurant cooks $3 and $11 week
2 second cooks $S and $3 a week
Third cook for mines $30 and found
Pastry cook, easy small job $25 and found
6 waiters, city jobs $6 and $7 a week
3 hotel waiters, city $20 and $25
2 waiters, country Job
6 dishwashers .......$25, $20 and $15
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MAN to run electric dynamo, $30 and board;
4 header wagon drivers, $1 50 a day; 4 h_r-
vest hands, $1 25 a day; farm hand and milk,
$20; 2 milkers, country, $25; choreman, $15;
chorcboy on ranch, $15; cellar man for vine-
yard, $26; 2 haymakers. $26; kitchen hand,
country hotel. $20. I\. T. WARD & CO.. 60S-
610 Clay st. -
WANTED— French . chef for restaurant, $100;
cook and second, country hotel, $60 and $30;
restaurant cook. $14 a week; waiters, city
and country, $20 to $25; dishwashers, $15 to
$25; laundryman. $25; shirt ironer. $30; assist-
ant ironer, $20; driver for laundry, $20; chore-
. men for resorts, 1 $10 to $15; butler, $10. AN-
DRE'S, 316 Stockton st. •
ALL first-class bookkeepers, stenographers,
collectors, clerks, salesmen, call 313 Bush st.
ALL hotel heads of departments with good
credentials to call 313 Bush st
CROCKERY, glass and tinware packer to-day;
young man, wholesale house. 313 Bush st.
PHYSICIAN'S bookkeeper and collector; also
strictly reliable and sober janitor to-day. "13
Bush st.
GENERAL store manager; 2 cellarmen, wine
house; resta'nt bookkeeper, to-day. 313 Bush.
DELIVERY . driver and collector, xhMes-Ue
liquor house to-day; store watch' n. 313 Bush.
MILKER, country, $25 and found; good place.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st N
CHOREMAN, $10. MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter
street. ,
SECOND butler, city references, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Slitter st.
SECOND cook, $35; waiter, $25. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
■ VOLUNTEERS — A select company of volun-
teers now being organized requires a few
more members. Apply "box 139. Call office.
WANTED— strong man or boy. Call 10
a. m. Monday, 714 Market Ft. American
Crisp Co. "■ %; : . :
GOOD coatmaker wanted for the country. Ap-
Ply at REIBS BROS., .', Setter st.
1 WANTED— Cabinet maker, machine hand and
varnisher. Apply* 17 Wisconsin st.
BOY wanted to drive butcher cart and work
in shop. 2856 Mission st.
BARBER, steady work: young man preferred
Apply Barber Supply House, 630 Market st.
MAX to assist housework ; board, room, laun-
dry. Alpha House. 5 Market st.
CLERK for grocery and bar. Corner Geary
and Leavenworth , st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1407 Valencia st •
must call early. ..
WANTED— First-class waist and skirt hands.
Room 36, : 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— Boy to fold towels at Lick Laun-
; dry, 9 Lick place.
FIRST-CLASS canvassers at C3S Market st.. in
basement.
MAN to do a little work In morning for room
rent. Box 92, Call office.
WANTED— A good cook. 137 Fourth st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, , who are citizens of the United
States, or those .who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
; feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver •: House. < 217 Third . st. ; 150 large
' rooms; j 25c per night ; $1 to $3 per .week. : ;
WANTED— Young : man ; for j office without ex-
• perience, $40 . per month ; new firm ; $100 cash
security. Send 1 full particulars. M., box 175,
Call.: , -;;.: \ ■..".  • ■... .. ■
METAL spinner; also a boy to learn metal
spinning. Call at P. E. BARKER. 134. Sutter.
WANTED— CoaI , oil canvassers. Apply F. B.
- JOYCE, •; Oil Company, Seventh and t King •st s.
WANTED— 3 good coat-makers, also pressman
on pants at U. S. Tailor, shop. . 189 Jessie st.
WANTED— Experienced ■ person to train a bull
terrier pup. Apply 1530 Fell st. v .
JEWELERS wanted. 328 Bush st. '■>
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free err.ploy-
V: ment. Bernard. Sec.,* 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.-
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
;.; soling, ■ 3dc; only one price. 959 Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
, :F.. Barber College, 13S>* Eighth st.
SINGLE furnished fine, large sunny and airy
• room, 25c night. ;■■ Rosedale ; House, 321 Ellis.
WINCHESTER v HOUSE. 44 Third ; St., • »ear
• i Market; 300 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
I : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.111. 1. WANTED- Continued.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
_ * l ''US, Sec.. 525 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
. WANTED — Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska. I'uiret Sound, Mexico, etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE. &04 Davis at.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— At Montana House, Mission,
men to take rooms; We. 15c and 250 per
night; 60c, 9Cc and $1 per week.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter it,
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 2.'.c a night; $1 a week. . .»■.-,-.
AGENTS WANTED.
CATALOG, war goods, flags, bows, etc., free.
L. N. CUSHMAN, 34 Oliver St., Boston, Mass.
CLER/wMI:X and theological students wanted
to act as agents in each locality for the Dic-
tionary of the Bible. Write at once for par-
ticulars, CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS, 121
Phelan building, San Francisco.
A> :TS for "Our Naval War With Spal*';
splendidly illustrated; only authentic book to
• be published: free outfit now ready: act quick.
National Pub. Co.. Lakeside bid?.. Chicago.
NEVER before have lady agents made such
large sales; something that takes. The
"Hello" Co., 247 Lark in st.. parlors ■; and 7.
PARTNERS WANTED.
• 'YOUNG an active partner with few hundred
.dollars in established grocery and bar: Catho-
lic preferred: references leading wholesale
houses; would take inexperienced man if
_ active. Address box 164. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
.WANTED— By a man, a furnished room In a
ririvnte family between Hyde and Powell.
Broadway and Pine sty. Address box 142. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
FURNISHED rooms for 2 medical students
with private family. Call 1023 Market st.
6UVTE of furnished rooms wanted for doctor's
office; central. 1023 Market st.
"WANTKD-rSulte of 4 furnished rooms for den-
tal parlors; central. 1023 Market st.
FURNISHED room wanted for Eastern par-
ties at ■■ ■"■ 1023 Market st.
FURNITURE WANTED^
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery St.: highest price paid. TH. T»avi-» 71.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
GRADUATE dentist will exchange work for
anything useful. Box 326. Call office,
AMATEUR musicians to Join social orchestra.
A. MATHILY, -- Bush st.
I WANT a safe scale stand desk, letter press,
coffee mill. Box S4S. Call office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SAIL.
KREDO & CO. — 224 Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advert 500
houses; all sizes; all prices.
6 rooms; flat; free rent $125
7 rooms; Geary St.; elegant; new 225
8 rooms; Jones St.: clears $20 225
8 rooms; sunny and pleasant; clears $25... 275
9 rooms; Mission-st. corner 350
9 rooms; nicest little house on Taylor at.. . 350
Many large houses from 50 to 500 rooms, too
nuim-rouu to mention. KREDO & CO., 224
• Geary st,
DECK BARGAINS.
ALL SIZES ANT> PRICES.
FOR cash PAYMENTS OR EXCHANGE.
24 ms; transient: clears $150 500
25 rooms on Market; clears $100 EM
36-rcom house; 2 fronts: offer wanted
4 room houses; from $300 to ■ IS*)
3 rO-room houses: from $1400 to 3000
7-room flat on Geary st 250
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. 6th.
32- ROOM; corner house; rooms all rented: sell
at a bargain. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
7 rooms; Geary st.; new furniture $2r>o
15 rooms; part cash, balance payments.. 4'rO
21 rooms; rent $25; income $100 600
20 rooms; corner; part cash 925
40 rooms; rent $65; investigate this 600
C 7 rooms; rent 5125: a money maker 1600
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
ONE of the best lodging houses in Oakland:
entrance on two 'streets; excellent transient
trade: 40 rooms: completely furnished; rent
very low; newly renovated; for sale as a
vhc!» for the next six day?: if not sold, will
be sold at auction: account of own«*r going
to Dawson. Inquire M. MARCUS! 91S
Broadway. - ■ .
, — $2500 — ..— ~
Private family hotel of 64 rooms; full of
steady roomers; owner going to Klondike;
v.UI take good trade and half cash: a big
bargain; no agents. Address box 1303. Call.
J503— 36 ROOMS, well furnished: all rented; cen-
tral; rent $S0 month. BASILE, 573V4 Market.
CENTRAL, nicely furnished: full of roomers;
IC-rm. house; paying. Shoe store, 250 O'Farrell.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions '«k*n.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Furniture of 14 rooms; can rent
house ch?ar>. Apply at 113 ruth Park.
HORSES.
$150 WILL buy the fastest pacer In city with
riot side bar bugey and harness; rig worth
%1-Od; must sell- make offer: lady can drive
her; or exchange for lot or diamonds. 1123
Mission st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
■ Yards. 120 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.
10 CAMPING horses cheap; wagons and har-
ness auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
EXECUTRIX SALE.
Two wagons (large express), 1 buggy; 3 car-
riages and 10 horses and harness, belonging to
the estate of GUISEPPE FABBRI, must be
sold at once. Apply 402 Montgomery St., A.
RUEF, attorney for administratrix.
20. TEN and four-passenger wagonettes,
eat hi top hack, physician's coupe and vll-
• lage cart suitable for country. O'BRIEN &
EONS, Golden Gate aye. and Polk st.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 823 Harrison st.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand and new wagons ; cheap. Bull's
Head Repository, Fifteenth and Valencia.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co . 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
LOST.
JUNE 18, bet. Golden Gate aye. and Camp Mer-
rltt. 2 saddle blankets, blue and white trim-
mings with stars. Return to LIEUTENANT
M. D. GARCELON, Thirteenth Minnesota
Regiment.
LOST— SS reward for return to 1011 Sutter st.
of pair ladies' fine shoes, lost on 12th lnst.
from Morton delivery wagon, near Hyde and
Sutter sts.
LOST— Petition in behalf of Arthur Reavls.
Return name to J. Keough's saloon, 1943
Market st., and receive liberal reward. v ■.*:■•• •;;
PARTIES that picked up parrot cor. Hyde and
Bush sts., Saturday afternoon, please return
tc 1135 Bush et.
LOST— An Irish setter; color red. A suitable
reward will be given to whoever returns him
to 2505 Twenty-fourth st.
LOST— Minute book; Friday morning; Castro-
r\. car. 2628 Market St.; reward.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
- send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beat l ng Works. K»-t7 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel Main 3&4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson St.; tel. S. 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relald at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth »t.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT. 'I>l. Jessie 201
j. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'H Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126. ' >
TYPEWRITERS.
LOT of second-hand Smith Premiers, Reming-
tons, Densmores, Caligraphs and Rem-Shos,
taken as part payment for Oliver typewriters,
will be sold at a bargain during the month.
FRED W. VAUGHAN & CO., rodm 8, ro-
tunda Mills building. >*
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgmry.
YOST, good order, $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNA N, -333 Montgomery st;
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
BAKERY: principal street, heart of city;
living rooms; rent $25; baking IV4 barrels flour
daily; all store trade; best offer In this line;
trial given. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
! $1400— CORNER grocery and bar; Western Ad-
dition; 4 rooms and bath; value in stock and
fixtures; big bar trade; can you tell a bar-
galn before you? If bo, call LESS. 765 Market.
PARTNER wanted, either lady or gentleman,
to act as cashier In a well paying restaurant;
meals 25c up; small capital only. M. LESS,
765 Market st. '
$&00— SALOON, north Market; great business
street; big transient and regular trade; large
stock, fine fixtures; 6 living rooms; owner
there 8 years; other business cause of sale;
genuine offer. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
A— $1800; CORNER grocery and bar; double
store: 4 living rooms; horse and wagon; rent
$50; first-class business; only cash trade; sick-
ness in family compels owner to leave the
ctiy: a very rare business opening. WILKE,
845 Market St. *
$1200; SALOON near Chronicle building;
average daily receipts $35; rent $75; an excel-
lent good place. . WILKE. 845 Market st.
A— s6oo: SALOON on California st.; low rent:
doing a good paying business; no better offer
for the price in the market. WILKE, 845
Market st.
SALOON for rent; connected with the leading
hotel in Sacramento; rent low; fine fixtures;
everything complete; a rare chance. Call
WILKE. 843 Market st. '
A— $000; corner saloon; milkmen's headquar-
ters; kept by owner 10 years and guaranteed
to clear above $125 per month; rent $50.
WILKE. 845 Market St.
$1250— BARROOM doing a first-class paying
business and elegantly fitted up; close 10
Palace Hotel; rent $60; a rare -uslnes* open-
ing, vail WILKE, 753 Market St., new num-
ber Mo. "_
$2500— OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon In choicest
down-town location, with building; long
lease; doing a first-class paying business;
other engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
WILKE. "S3 Market st.
GROCERY and bar; estab. many years
and always doing a first-class paying busi-
" ness; 4 living rooms; rent $20; a great sacri-
fice. Particulars, WILKE, 545 Market St.
A— (CREDO & CO. ■ ■ 224 Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
$2000— Nursery $4500— Laundry
Florist 2000— Dying Works
750— Millinery 2000— Wood and Coal
750— Real Estate 2000— Hay and Grain
325 Barber Shop i 1000— Quartz Mill
2Jo— Fruit-Poultry i Shooting Gallery
1200— Coiner Saloon i I 160— Cigar Stand.
A— sl2oo; prosperous plumbing, gas-fitting busl-
negs; stock will invoice $2000. KREDO & CO.
A— s2ooo; bakery and coffee parlors ; daily receipts
$40 to $50; all counter trade; also $800 and $400
bakery. KREDO & CO.. 2."^ Geary st.
A— s6oo; roadhouee near city: 20 rooms, dance
hall: worth $1000; must sell. KREDO & CO.
$2000 — Drug store; chance of. a lifetime for a
practical druggist. KREDO & CO.. 22Vs Geary.
A— sl2oo; grocery and bar; fine business corner;
monthly receipts $1000; present owner 14 years.
KREDO ft CO., -- : Geary Bt.
GROCERY and bar, with corner lot, for ex-
change for small cottage; will pay cash dif-
ference. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
CORNER saloon, billiard and pool tables;
side entrance. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23
I Kearny Bt. "•• V
I CIGAR store, with club rooms; principal
! street. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$350— BARGAIN ; cigar-stand, club room; fine
location: near, Market: good business. BA-
SILE, S73>i Market st
$400— RESTAURANT for sale or trade; best
location In city; doing fine business. BA-
SILE. 5734 Market st.
$250— SALOON; sacrifice; with 3 furnished
rooms; rent $25 mo. BASILE, i 73 l Market st.
PARTIES desiring to sell their business
promptly for cash, HEALY, 917 Market st.
$300 — SALOON near Union Iron Works; 6 rooms;
fine business; best of reasons for selling.
HEALY & CO., 917 Market st.
$250 — PARTNER wanted in good paying busi-
ness; $15 to $25 a week; trial given; no ex-
perience necessary. 724^ Market St., room 17.
$300 CASH and service; experienced cook wants
interest in well payi."^; restaurant or saloon
with commercial lunch. Box 132, Call office.
$150— PARTNER wanted In delicacies and pork
store; no experience necessary: owner prefers
partner to hired help. 108 Sixth st.
BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor; better
chance not had for small amount; good rea-
son for selling. Apply 300 Hayes Et.
FOR SALE— Restaurant and chop house; oppo-
site the ferries. Call at 18 East St.
|150 — FINE corner saloon, 4 living rooms; rent
$20; great bargain. 331 Sixth Bt. |
A BARGAIN. -"^ ' H '■
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE— One of the fin-
est health resorts and most valuabl and beau-
tiful properties in Sonoma Co. ; fine large hotel;
running water and trout; cottages; mineral
warm springs; beautiful scenery; vineyard
and farm land; numerous buildings, etc.,
comprised in the premises, and in perfect
repair; immediate possession given. Apply
to C. N. HARRIS, 321 Montgomery St., San
Francisco.
$300— PARTNER wanted; light business; Indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
net required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary st., room 2.
$200— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
given; short hours; duties light. 31 Third St.,
room 1; apply from 10 to 12 a. m.
BAKERY and business at a sacrifice in large
town near this city; good trade; 2 wagons; 4
horses, fixtures of store, etc.; low rent; lease
will sell for $550; don't miss It. Apply 410
Montgomery Bt., room 2.
RESTAURANT and bar; fine location; good
trade; old established; trial given; this 13 no
fake; price $850; part can remain. Apply 410
Montgomery St., room 2.
INDUSTRIOUS man Alth $."00 can set half
interest In well-established commission busi-
ness; good security given for money. Box 107,
Call office.
FOR sale— Well-stocked stationery, cigar, toy
and news agency store; bargain; sickness
cause. Apply CUNNINGHAM, CURTISS &
WELCH, Sansome st.
TO storekeepers — Will furnish driver and good
single team for city delivery; terms $3 per
day. Box 169. Call office.
FOR sale— 2 old established groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $1250. Box 201, Call office.
WORKING partner with $23; good proposi-
tion. Box 165. Call office.
LADY performer wants lady or gentleman
partner with $250. Business, concert hall.
Box 280, Call office. '
WINE business, producing and dealing; owning
vineyard; partner with means by experienced
man to establish safe, profitable business;
references. Box 335, Call office.
FOR SALE— Carriage woodworking business,
place nicely fitted up for the sale of car-
riage material and manufacturing. Call and
investigate. 332 Thirteenth st.
FINE band of dairy cows must be sold. Includ-
ing milk route established ten years. E. 11.
STEELS, 1812 Bush st.
$300— PARTNER wanted; good paying laundry;
route 2 wagons; clears each $20 to $30 per
week; no experience required. Box 281, Call.
FOR SALE Grocery and bar; on account of
sickness. Apply Call office.
CIGAR stand near Call, Examiner and Chron-
icle; cheap; account other business. 33 Third.
WANTED— To buy country saloon; price not
above $400; no agents. Box 318, Call office.
WELL-STOCKED grocery and bar; old-estab-
lished business; run by owner 6 years; rent
cheap. Inquire Call Office.
$800 CASH— Home cooking and delicatessen
business; trade established; paying well; all
modern; to good cook bonanza. Box 320. Call.
SALOON— Mission St., corner Thirtieth.
CORNER saloon for sale. Inquire Chicago
Brewery, 1420 Pine st. .
SHOE store and repairing for Bale. 4102 Nine-
. teenth St., near Castro. •-.-*'■
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE. San Jose. -
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento St.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. ■ Sent • to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free. - '
~~ ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FREIGHT GUARANTEED TO DAWSON.
First-class steamer sailing . Immediately for
Bt. Michael with guaranteed river connec-
tions; 250 tons space In large or small lots at
reasonable rates; also accommodation for. 10
passengers. Write or call at once. Yukon
River Steamboat Co., room 8, "632 Market st.
WANTED— Klondikers ; to try - our condensed
pea soup cake, ."Roma"; It Is delicious; keeps
for years; prevents scurvy; It is very cheap;
one plate, 1 cent; send for sample. 315 Shot-
well st. ') • .-..;•■■-. .
ATTORNEYS . AT LAW. ' -.
ADVICE free on all : legal matters. T. P.
STACK, 14 McAllister St., room 64. t ;
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
, W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases. Insolvency. | collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkln.
L 6 CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 827. Mar- |
ket; ■ consultation ; free; , no fees in advance. ■
ADVICE free on all legal * matters. ' T. "F.
STACK, :14 McAllister at., room 64, - ,
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JTJXE 20, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery at.
CAPP, 612H— <! rooms and bath; low rent.
j ELEGANT S-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and I^ake sts.; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 62S Market st.
HICKORY aye., 184—3 rooms; nice hall; good
yard; $9.
MUST see It to appreciate; sunny modern
home; first-class condition; rent low. 2012
I Pine Bt.
iTO let— A 2-story building, with large cemented
basement and stabling for 5 horses. Apply
Bt 1935 Howurd Ft. _^__^_
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
GROVE. SIS. bet. Webster & Fillmore— Sunny
furnished flat; 6 rooms; piano; flower garden;
stable If desired; rent reasonable; references
given & required; call between 10 and 2.
NEATLY furnished flat. 6 rooms, $15. Apply
12 Elizabeth st., bet. San Jose aye. and Guer-
rero st.
TAYLOR. 810— Completely itirm hed sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. I:3c and
4 pm.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath, base-
ment, yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near \
Dolores.
TURK, near Scott — Neat cottage. 4 rooms and
yard; $10- j
$10—2711 BUSH St., near Broderick; cottage, 3 \
j large rooms, closets, basement, patent closet; ;
| lot SSxl37:6.
I $20— COTTAGE. 5 room's; prettiest in city; new; !
29CT Twcnty-flrst st.: key at cornfr grocery.
FLATS TO LET.
A— TEN flats; nice tiats near Call $10 !
A— 6-rooms; bath; 6 Hyde st $25
A— 3oo other flats to choose, at SPECK & ;
CO.'S, 602 Market St.
A— HOWARD. 1720, NW. cor. Erie. nr. Thir- i
teenth — 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water i
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated if seen, j
ALL OVER TOWN j
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN & ]
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
AN elegant flat, 7 rooms and Buth, $35. 625
I Post st.
I !
Hi'VlE aye., 5, off Eleventh— 3 rooms, hall 1
and bay-window; cheap to small family.
tI.KGANT new upper sunny flat, 6 rooms;
bath; grand view. 4157 Twentieth St.. near
j Castro.
ELEGANT modern upper flat, 7 rooms, bath !
I and basement; rent $18. 8025»4 Buchanan st.,
near Filbert. j
; FEW steps from City Hall, 2 flne flats, 6 and • j
rooms. 10 Grove Et.
FILLMORE, 113-U3V- 2 flats. 4 and 6 clean '
rooms and bath.
FLAT of 4 nice sunny rooms and bath; hall
and gas; rent $15. 308 Tenth st. i
FOLSOM, 1256 — Lower 5 large sunny rooms;
yard; cellar; water free; $13.
FULTON, 118— Fine middle sunny flat, seven
rooms; bath; near City Hall.
HARRISON, 2041, opp. Eighteenth— 2 sunny
fiats, 3 and 4 rooms; rent $9 and $10.
HOWARD, 1553, corner Twelfth— 7 rooms and !
bath; rent $25.
I
MARKE' 4— Branch offlce of Th' Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
McALLISTER. 726— Upper flat 7 rooms, bath: i
I rent $30. Key at 72S McAllister st. j
j McALLISTER. 1263, near Fillmore — Upper flat,
7 rooms, bath, large porch; very convenient.
i MINNA, 434V4— Upper flat of « rooms; all lm-
j provements; sunny Bide.
NICE sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath; stable If re-
quired; low rent. Cor. 25th and Bryant ats.
NINTH. 2U-Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms j
I and bath; $15.
! SANSOME, 712— Handsome flat, 4 large sunny :
rooms, cheap; only responsible parties.
' TEHAMA. 331— Modern flat of 7 rooms; bath, j
Kas; rent reduced, $21.
2 ELEGANT flats of 6 rooms on Devlsadero St., \
I 2 doors from Oak; latest modern lmprove-
j ments; sun In every room; rent $25.
! $16 PER month; flat. 724 Harrison St., bet.
Third aijd Fourth.
ROOMS FOX HOI SKIvKKIM-Mi.
A — SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com- <
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 in !
kitchen and 1 In bedroorrj, with suit to match; ;
furniture all new; $3 per week: suitable for !
4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store. 662 MlB- !
slon St., between Fust and Second.
' . 134— Two or three furnished rooms
for llr.ht housekeeping; reasonable.
BOWIE aye., 8, off Eleventh St.— Upper flat, 4
i sunny rooms; reasonable.
j BRYANT. 464, near Third— Nice front room.
with folding bed, and kitchen; bath; private
family ; reasonable. j
i BUSH, 675 — Large well furnished front and ;
separate kitchen, $20, with bath; also large
. fcuite, $10; small s^ite. $S.
: ELLIS, 618—2 housekeeping rooms; $15.
: FIFTH, 353— Sunny, clean, 2 parlors, kitchen,
bath, for housekeeping; $20 and $7. j
i GEARY, t56 — Handsbme front parlor, suites, |
• single and double rooms; light houaekeeplng. |
■ HAIGHT, BSo— Large, sunny, furnished room;
i no Blgn; housekeeping If desired.
; HARRIET, 18, off Howard— 2 sunny furnished i
housekeeping rooms; $S.
I MINNA, 322— Parlor suite. 2 or 3 housekeeping j
rooms, furnished complete.
MINNA, 371, near Fifth— Large sunny back '[
chamber; water; stove; closets; also base- !
ment room.
j MISSION, 1320, near Ninth— Nice large sunny i
[ front housekeeping room; $9 month.
MISSION. 1524—2 large sunny rooms for house- i
keeping; also single rooms. j
NATOMA. 645 — 3 sunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; yard; rent reasonable.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Furnished house-
keeping Buites, $1 50 per week; single, 75c.
NINTH, 2u — Sunny connecting rooms, stove, !
water, gas; $11; bay-window room and
j kitchen: J9. ;
I BHOTWELL, 121— Large sunny furnished room, '
i 2 closets, light housekeeping, $4 per month.
| BHOTWELL, 937— F100r 3 handsome housekeep-
ing rooms; bath: bay-window; water free; $3.
] SOUTH PARK, fo— 2 or 3 well-furnished house- '
j keeping rooms; also single. j
SOUTH PARK, liyt — 2 sunny rooms, complete
a for housekeeping; $10 50 per month.
TENTH, 123— Large Bunny front room for '
housekeeping; cheap rent.
THIRD, 309 — Furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping; suites, $7; bedrooms, $4 mo.
TURK, 126—2 unfurnished sunny rooms; closet
and water: for housekeeping; no children.
TURK, 405—2 or 3 finely furnlFhed housekeep-
ing rooms: complete with range; $12 to $20.
TURK. 543— Large front rooms complete for
housekeeping; gaa. bath; reasonable.
TWELFTH, 145 — Sunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; also Bin*?l>v
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS: quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to a~ny part of city, 25c; phone Main 4a.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Bt.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde, Butter 715-717-719— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
AT 62 Second st.— Nice clean single, double and
light housekeeping rooma. $1 a week and up. j
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view; !
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT The Keystone, 112 Taylor; new throughout;
elegant sunny rooms; good board day or mo.
AT The Randolph, 501 Post, single rooms, bay- ■
window parlors and suites, $1 50 to $4 week. [
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un- i
furnished single and double mis.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Nice clean rooms; sun all day;
quiet house; good home.
EDDY, 473 (427)— Neatly furnished sunny room;
rent $5 per month.
ELLIS, S26A— Furnished rooms; transient ;
country trade solicited.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 60 to $8 week.
ELLIS, 432— Sunny bay-window baseu-ent un-
furnished; rent $10; 4 rooms.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl a week and up;
sunny furnished rooms.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. U. HYER.
GIRARD HOUSE, cor. Seventh and Howard-
Sunny rooma, moderate; also housekeeping.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE, 727— Handsomely sunny fur-
nished front—room; running water; fire grate; |
private family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
singlet elevator; moderate rates; families.
ROOMS TO Continued.
GROVE, Sunny furnished front room, bath
1 and grate; also back. room; private family.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 704— Fine sunny furnished front
room; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 741— Sunny bay-window rooms, $2 50
week; 2 complete for housekeeping, $10 mo.
HOWARD, 935 V. (New Philadelphia)— All new;
sunny rooms; gas; baths free; lowest rates.
HOWARD, Large sunny alcove room; also
small room adjoining; rent reasonable.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and. single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness—
| Suites, single rooms; newly furnished.
MASON, 1111. near . Clay— newly-fur-
nished rooms to rent. .■■■■- ■•
MCALLISTER. 226 A —Nicely furnished sunny
rooms en suite or single; light housekeeping
allowed. *
MCALLISTER, 611— Nice large parlor; sunny
single room; also 2 for housekpg; prl. family.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
O'FARRELL. 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms: first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHUL2.
POWELL. 317—2 handsomely furnished single
rooms; top floor; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 192. near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House, 16-1$ Mason St.— Fur-
I nished rooms; singte, $1 50 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $5: baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water; transients solic-
ited; restaurant. MRS. J. GALE, Proprietor.
SIXTH, 227— Large sunny bay-window rooms;
light housekeeping; $3 per month.
SIXTH, 136— Under new management; single
I ■ room and en suite. ,
j SUTTER, 1148— Fur. sunny rooms, or as offices;
| bay window, gas, baths; running water; mod.
i TAYLOR, 706— well-furnished sunny room
for gentleman.
TURK, Nice small pleasant room suitable
for gentleman, $5 per month.
j TURK, 201— Furnished suite in sunny corner
I' house; gas and bath; rent $9.
TURK, 405— Front sunny furnished rooms; $6
up; bath.
ROOMS Aj<D BOARD.
: ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything new,
I cheerful: first-class every respect; board op-
i tional. The Sirlus, 1505 Stockton; Kearny cars.
ELLIS. Nicely furnished rooms; best
board; $5 per week.
FOLSOM. 511-Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HOTEL LA MAR, 534 Bush— Newly furnished
throughout; sun all day; summer rates.
HYDE, 299, Salisbury— Changed hands: thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board; beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER, 767— Elegant sunny rooms, with ex-
I ceptional board; select location; reasonable. ,
VAN NESS, 808— Sunny newly furnished rooms;
electric lights: bath; with board; moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board; a good
home; references given. Box 196, San Rafael.
JESSIE, — Good home for infant or 1 or 2
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board: a
mother's care: references. 234V4 Sixth »t.
*" m * m ~~~~ wi> ~'~' ii> *~~ >^~~ iw **~~~ m^~
STORES TO LET.
NORTHEAST cor. Pacific and Sansome Bts.,
handsome corner store, with or without base-
j ment, cheap; responsible parties.
i PART of hair dressing store; millinery pre-
i erred; reasonable. 1704 Market St., opp. 10th.
STORE to let. 226 Ellis st., with gas; rent
$15. . * ■
TO let — Store, with fixtures; 3 sunny rooms;
any business. 1001 Natorna st., near Eleventh.
OFFICES TO LET.
MASON, 1111, bet. Clay and Washington— Ele-
gant sunny newly-furnished front suite; first
floor; suitable fur physician or dentist; pries
reasonable. __^___________________________
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. •
AS we are Belling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
tame as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
la. per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. .
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all ether musical/ Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
ett. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
AS vacation Is here, freight being low, 6 car-
loads pianos coming, we must make room; no
reasonable offer refused. BENJ. CURTAZ &
[ SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell at., Chlckering agents.
LADY going Eaet, must have cash, and her
elegant $500 upright Is offered at great sacri-
fice. Can be seen at room 12, Flood building.
CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary Bt., cor. Grant
j aye., offer three ways to buy a piano; no
! trouble to explain particulars. Conover agts.
i SOHMER & CO.. Byron Maury, Newby. Evans,
! Brlggs and other pianos; Bee our rent plan;
! |no Interest first year. 308, 310,' 312 Post St.
! SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
BEST goods; lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
GREAT bargains; Decker, Schubert, Stelnway,
Neuman, others. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
St., next Hlbernla Bank. Si lI MIT/..
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 11.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
3 FINE milch cows for sale cheap. 4338 Army
St., near Diamond.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth. *-
FOR sale— Coßumnes copper mine. El Dorado
County; title U. S. patent. For particulars
address JOHN THEISEN. 800 McAllister st.
ASK to see the $12 diamond stud, ask to see
the $7 diamond stud at UNCLE HARRIS*. 15
Grant aye. ■ . * - . *** • ■
ST. BERNARD, Great Dane and fox terrier
pups; Sunset Kennels. Inquire 10S Fourth st.
FOR sale— An ark. 20x40 feet, 6 rooms, cheap.
Apply Call branch office, Kentucky and 22d.
BARBER fixtures for sale; bargain. Apply to
170 Shipley st. .
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands,' cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
EXCHANGE— Thoroughbred mare for. type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 731
Market Bt.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10; Records, $5 per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
FOR Sale — houses, to be removed. Inquire on
premises on Jackson, bet. Taylor and Jones.
2 BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
St., pawn office.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, : electrical
goods. WHITE' B, 514-516-518 Mission st. ; ,
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. ; So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, . 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New : and second-hand; cheaper than
| ever. Hermann . Safe Mate, 633 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original coat. 109-111 Market, S. F.
BARS, show cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
| bought and sold. •■ 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
■SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— ; repaired, bought, sold;
machine ; supplies. 145 Sixth; phone, Mint 45.
ALL kinds ' bought, ; sold," exchanged, . rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. '-,''■
STORAGE.
FURNITURE, tr_nkg, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission St.; tel. * Mint 1821.
■.'■-. ;'■'": - --■ ■'•.-■'"'.-'■.•'■. - ■-"■"." - ■ . - ■- * .- •-■. i _--■>. -..'l' ■:: .■ ■' .--, ~; .
PERSONALS.
JOSEPH HART, who was at the Caslar Mines,
B. C., ; 1877, send address. P, F. TRIPP.
Santa Rosa. Sonoma County, Cal. ■,- •■ :
BUSINESS i KKSOi\ALS.
DO not use a stiff, hard-pointed brush on your
hair; let. me dress It for 25c; good switches,
$1; best, finest quality, $3 50: extra heavy,
long, $5. Open i Sundays from 9 to 12. G.
LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LATEST : magical novelties, puzzles, conjuring
tricks; magic taught. MAGICIAN HENRY.
765 Market ■ St.
USE Quinonia Hair Tonic; it ■ will prevent
dandruff. G. LEDERER, 111- Stockton st.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
• sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
!0 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight: diagnosis disease, full life reading: la.
60c, gentsll; palm, andclair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk. '
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1346 Market it.; '
trance medium; unites the separated; changes
luck; locates buried treasures; letters an-
swered; inclose stamp.
MME. LENEMAR; fortunes told by planets;
predicted in '74 overdue steamer on island.
23H Sixth st.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st. '
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader, re-
turned; ladies, 25c; gents, 50c. 951 Mission st.
MME. KETCHUM. clairvoyant and card
reader. 105 Stockton St., room 6.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past.
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth Bt.. room 10.
MM!" RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 250 up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and j
palmist. 215 Kearny st.. room 2.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro- I
fession: never falls; advice: help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUAL:*.*!.
MRS. SEELEY, grand test meeting to-night;
1133 Mission St.; tests to all; 10c.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st. ;
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia St.; read-
lngg. $1; cir. Tues.. Fri.. 2 p. m. ; Sat. S: 25c.
MRS. B. BALLARD, medium, 311 Main; sick-
ness a specialty; circles Friday, 2 p. m., 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212^ Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busl-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
PALMI-STUY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Free lecture Sunday, 3
p. m.. 305 Larkin; readings. 353 Geary at.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
home in confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confldenltal; hours 10 to 6 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk Bt.. near Jones.
•A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home In confinement: consult free; hours 10 to
5, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
ALL Ladle6— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,.
true friends of all Invalid*, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc. ; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 59 McAllister
st.; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure. 15.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef- ;
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive price, 51 JO per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used; restores in one Cay without fall;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules. II; cure, $5; by
the well known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort; . best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price, :
$150: RICHARDS & CO.. .406 Clay st.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. 0. D. ; don't delay until too late.
-"OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
MRS. ARCHARD, midwife: home in confine-
ment; confinement alone, 15. 156 Second st.
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe reme-
dies: 38 years' experience. 254 V» Fourth at.
. "dentists'."
A FULL set of teeth, $5; sea new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 60c, crowns, $3 60; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den- |
' tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK Dentists- Full set of teeth, $5 up;
painless extraction; fill'ngs, 25c up; old platen
made over or mended; work warranted;
crowns and bridges; open Sundays.- 969 Mis-
sion St., southeast corner of Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from IS per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent- !
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and !
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors ; full Bet
of teeth, $5 up; fillings. 25e up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand.; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth. \
L. A. TJSAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAIUE,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market at
'SET of teenth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent .: to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for 11 60 a year.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. '. , :
~~~~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, . business '■ practice, shorthand, ;., typ-
ing, telegraphy,' languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AT the School iof { Elocution and Expression
, first floor over the Alcazar Theater; summer
term begins •- this - month; for teachers and
students; 1-5 p. m. daily. MRS. MAY
JOSEPHI-KINCAID, Principal.
AYRES' Business College, v 723 Market st. ;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping. telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid • calculations; . a
course -in < Tarr's : counting ■ room makes you
thorough. Room 672, 866 Market st. ::. y:
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry. Ph. 8.. Fel-
low In Mathematics, U.C. 2407 S. Atherton, s
• nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School i; civil, electrical, min-
-., ing, mech. survey, assay,- ■ archit. ; Cay & ; eve. ;
" est. 1564.-. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught in one month; references;
:-■ private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
PROPERTY TO ; EXCHANGE].
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres rood Sonoma County
' ■ land, improved ; 4- room , house, ' barn, chicken-
houses; . 2 . horses; full ■ line farming i Imple- !
ments; 6 ."• acres »- vines; balance - corn and ,
•■-.': beans; •' Rood road; near station; 'will ex- !
1 change for city property; or 1800 cash, balance j
easy terms. Address J. : JENSEN. 153 Third, j
:■' -;."■■. . ■ - - - .._■•'
CITY REAL ESTATE.
LOTTA st., near the Affiliated Colleges, and
Stanyan st. ; 75 - feet from Parnassus aye.
electric line; a cheap lot; will build any
kind of house on any kind of terms. W. W.
REDNALL, builder, 1326 Hayes st.
WILL build for $2200 ; v house of 2 flats, mantles,
plumbing, gas fixtures, complete. GEORGE
M. SALSBURY, Builder, 621 X St.. Sunset
District. . : ■ ;•...-•, .
! SEE 'em to-day— New 4. 5 and 7-room houses; j
i easy rental terms. W. A. HICKS, builder, '
! Acadia St., Sunnyslde Tract.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
(
A— 4oo-ACRE stock and fruit ranch with horses
and cows; all tools; vicinity Vacaville: only
$4000: 50-page catalogue free. SPECK & CO., !
602 Market.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$S3O— ANY terms: must be sold this week: mod-
ern 4-rOom cottage with bath, hot and cold
water: basement, etc.; convenient to school
and cars; healthy location. Address G., lox
12. Call office. Oakland.
FOR SALE— House 5 rooms, bath, brick foun-
dation. Owner, 962 Third St., Oakland.
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
public; property looked after. 814 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; rent cheap; cen-
tral: 589 24th st., nr. Grove. Apply owner. R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle. Fact.. 1622 Grove.
OAKLA.ND ILKMSUED IIOUSKS.
COMPLETELY furnished home on best part of I
Oakland Heights to rent for the summer; fine j
place; only $27 50 per month. JAMES S. NAI-
I SMITH. 464 Ninth st., Oakland.
SUNNY 8-room house; central; nice grounds,
near trains; rent $."0. Box D. Call. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FINE sunny suite; also sunny tingle room: va-
cant June 1. THE ' ->nNTC. r.'" Kl<rMh st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE r 1 household goods th!« week.
SCHF.LLHAAP' old store. 4WS Eleventh St.
j OAKLANU DRESSMAKING. I
J FASHIONABLE ladles' tailor and dressmaker.
Boston Woolen Mills. 920 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
6-ROOM cottage completely furnished; cheap
to a good tenant. 1206 Ninth St., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
I $2200— 5-ROOM house, 1 block from station; lot
60x137; constantly rented, $22; great bargain.
KREESE & CODINGTON. 2119 Stanford
place, opposite Berkeley Station.
MONEY TO LOAN!
A— JIS.OOO TO LOAN
AT 6 PER CENT.
Must be good San Francisco property. "»
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
i HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
j tain liberal advances on diamonds an 1 jew-
I elry at the lrwest rates. Baldwin Jew ,iy
j Store. 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
! LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays; J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate: 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bute, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN. 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
; MONEY loaned on office and household furni-
ture and pianos; 2 per cent. P. KELLY, Real
Estate & Money Broker, 461 9th St., Oakland.
i ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell st.
$100, COO TO loan on Income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
; ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
! bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
) any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
i CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
! gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister St.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE wise and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
| Office, 22 Mason St., » bet. Market and Eddy.
PROPOSALS.
NOtTcETO^ CONTilACTOßS^ursuant to" an
order of the Board of Trustees of th» State
Normal School of San Diego, California, no
tice ' is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received by Bald board until 10 o'clock
a. m. of June 24, 1898, for furnishing the !
materials and performing the labor neoesearv
for th* erection and completion of th« cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building. rraal
Separate proposals will be received and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of said
building, to wit: 1. For the masonry work
Including all brick, concrete and cement i
work and all necessary excavations and fill-
ing; 2, for the iron work; 3, for the carpenter
plastering/electric and glazing work- 4 for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work; 6. for the
"*, tinning and galvanized Iron work; 6 for
painting and varnishing.
No proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied with a bond of such proposer
, equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at i
least two good and sufficient sureties, con- !
.-••loned that if his proposal shall be ac- i
cepted he will duly enter Into a proper con- i
tract.
Each proposal must be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and. together
with the above-mentioned bond, inclosed In
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of Pan Diego, with an
Indorsement thereon showing what portion
of the building Is covered by the inclosed pro-
posal, and delivered to the Merchants' Na-
tional Bank of San Diego. California, before
10 o'clock a. m. of June 24. 1898.
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
contracts based thereon will be made on
June 24. 1898. at 10 o'clock a. m.. at room 35
Fisher Opera-house block, in San Diego. Cali-
fornia.
The contractors to whom contracts are i
awarded will be required to fiJe with said i
board a good and sufficient bond to the f
amount of 25 per cent of the contract price
for the faithful and proper performance of !
his contract.
.. The plans and specifications of said build- 1
in* can be seen during business hours at the '
office of Hebbnr* & Gill, architects. Grant '
building, San Diego. California. '.
The Board of Trustees reserves the right
to reject any or all proposal* made.
State Normal School of San Diego, Call- '
fornla.
By W. R. GUY. President Board Trustees. !
Attest: ROBERT C. JONES, Secretary.
BIDS Wanted — Notice is hereby given that I
sealed proposals will be received by the Board '
of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion at Its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st . I
Ban Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m !
Saturday, June 26, IS9S, and opened Imme-
diately thereafter In the presence of bidders, '
for furnishing and delivering quartermaster '
I and commissary supplies for the Veterans' ■
Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad station :
Yountville), for the six months commencing i
: July 1, 1898, and ending December 31. 1898. '
Schedules with information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon i
application by the undersigned. Bidders will i
carefully follow the conditions of the >
schedules, and no bid will be considered un-
less it is in accordance .with such schedules. i
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a !
certified check upon some well known and re- '
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per '
cent of the amount of, his bid, payable to J. ;
C. Currier,: treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter Into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject* any or all bid? and to order any quan- I
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. ' SCOVILLE. S* -Mary . Veter-
f ans' Home Association, room 13, 320 Sansome
St., San Francisco, Cal.- By order of the i
Board of Directors.
'■■■-■ J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary. I
PROPOSALS - for disappearing gun carriages- i
Ordnance Office, ..War Department, Wash- !
ington, D. ; C, June 3, 189S.— Sealed porposals. i
In duplicate, ; will , be ; received . here until * 3 j
o'clock p. m.. July 2, 1898, , and then publicly !
opened, for supplying the Ordnance Depart-
ment, U. S. army, with 19, more or less, 12-
• Inch disappearing gun carriages, L. F.. model
1897. Bids will be received for all or for part
of foregoing. , Information furnished upon
application to BRIGADIER-GENERAL D.
W. FLAGLER. Chief of Ordnance.
j MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
. ■ Birth, marriage and death ■ notices : sent ■by
mail : will;; not be Inserted. ; They must be
l handed In at ■■ either of the - publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COLLIQAN— In this city, May 22, 1838, to the
:? wife of William B. Colllgan, a daughter.' :
! MAS— In this city, to I the j wife of Richard H.
Mas, a daughter. , ; v " '- -Mzi**.
PASQUINUCCI— this city, June 18, ! 1898, .to
i. the wife of ? R. Valentino ?. Paaqulnucci, • a
•; daughter- < • _ ; 1
MARRIED. 7^
PORTER— PRINZ— In Monterey. June 15, 1898,'
Harry W. Porter of San Rafael and Lottie
N. Prinz of Monterey. .: . " '■
OIED.
Anderson, Kathyrn Frank. Mamie
Buckley, Martin J. Hynard. Augustus
S Bresnan, John Kirchner, Harry
Baccus, Bella Kelly, Michael F.
Barry, Annie Knox, Richard F.
Bennett. Margaret A. McColl. Samuel B.
Boeckmann. George Maloney, Mrs. M.
Cronin, Patrick Raynolds. Mary S.
Connell. Abble Reilly. Bridget M.
CosKrove. Louise Rablin. Elizabeth
Dugan. Thomas I. Schofleld, James E.
Diffley, William Southwell. Minnie B.
Williams, Margaret
ANDERSON— this city, June 19. 1898. Katn-
ryn Elizabeth, beloved infant child of A. C.
and Dora Anderson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 months and 10 days.
BUCKLEY— Drowned in San Leandro. Cal.,
June IS. ISa*.. Martin J., beloved son of
James and Annie Buckley, and brother of
Jennie, Francis P., Aileen and Edward A.
Buckley, a native of San Francisco, aged 16
years 2 months and 15 days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 1127 Ellis street, thence to
St. Ignatius Church. Hayes street, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
BRESNAN— In Vallejo. June 18. IS9S. John
Bresnan, beloved husband of Hanorah Bres-
nan. and father of John J., Cornelius J. and
Michael J. Bresnan and Mrs. Joseph Samp-
son, a native of Herbertstown. County Lim-
erick, Ireland, aged bit years. '. .
ICTThe funeral will taKe place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BACCUS— In this city, June 19. 1898, Bella,
beloved daughter of Cellna and the late John
B. Baccus Sr.. a riative of Louisiana,, aged
40 years 10 months and 19 days.
BARRY— In this city, June 19, 1898, at Our
Ladies' Home, Annie Barry, a native of Ire-
land, aged 76 years.
BENNETT— In this city, June 19, 1898, Mar-
garet Ann, beloved wife of G. L. Bennett,
and sister of Mrs.. George Schurr and Georg»
Stevens, a native of New Haven, Conn.,
aged 48 years 9 months and 8 days.
BOECKMANN— In this city, June 19, 1898,
George \V., beloved son of .'red and Amelia
Boeckmann, and brother of F. C. Boeck-
mann, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
years and 7 months.
tCJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1630 McAllister street. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CRONIN— this city, .Tune 18. 1898. Patrick-
beloved husband of Catherine Cronin, and
father of T. 8., T. S.. D. P.. J. H. and Miss
Katie Cronin and Mrs. Mathew Sullivan, a
native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 65 years
and 6 months. (New York papers please
copy.)
(ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 659 Minnesota street, corner of Nine-
teenth, thence to St. Teresa's Church, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CONNELL— In this city. June 19, 1898, Abbie,
beloved wife of Maurice Connell, mother of
Daniel Connell. and sister of David, Daniel,
Bartholomew and Jeremiah Curtln and Mrs.
Mary O'Keefe, a native of the parish of
Carriegavan, County Cork, Ireland, aged 28
years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 130% Langt-n -street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem . high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
COSGROVE— In this city, June 18. 1898, Louise,
wife of Richard Cosgrove. lister of Alfred
and Cllne Durand. Mrs. G. Fridmann. and
granddaughter of Mrs. L. Pas, and daughter-
in-law of Marie Cosgrove, a native of San
Francisco, aced 26 years 2 months and 25
days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
her uncle, J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery ave-
nue, thence to St. Francis Church, where
services will be held. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DUGAN— this city, June IS, 1898. Thomas 1.,
beloved son of Catherine and the late Cor-
nelius Dugan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 17 years and 28 days.
[E7"The funeral will take place this day
. (Monday), at 10 o'clock/from the family resi-
dence, 523 Howard street, , thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DIFFLEY— In this city, June 19, 1898. William,
beloved husband of Marcella Diffley, and
father of William J. and Marcella Diffley, a
native of County Leitrim, Ireland, aged 34
years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuseday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 636 Sixth street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will b«
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
A. O. H.— Division No. 2. A. O. H.— Dear Sirs
and Brothers: You are ordered to assemble
at Hibernia Hall, 120 Ninth street, to-mor-
row (Tuseday), at 8 o'clock, and thence pro-
ceed in a body to attend the funeral services
of our Hate brother, William Diffley. 536
Sixth street. Fines for. non-attendance. By
order of BARTLEY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY, Recording Secretary.
FRANK— In this city, June 18, 1898, Mamie,
dearly beloved wife of Clement N. Frank,
devoted mother of Viola Frank, and beloved
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Martin Walsh, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2S years and 27
days. >< ;?.: -;.:,
|C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of parents, 925 Haight street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, corner of Fell and
Flllmore streets, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HYNARD— In this city. June IS. IS9S. Augustus
Hynard, beloved father of A. P. Hynard, : a
native of New York, aged 76 years. (New
York papers please copy.)
KIRCHNER— In this city. June 18, 1898, Harry,
beloved husband of Jessie D. Kirchner, and
beloved son of Lizzie and the late Fred
Kirchner. ;
KELLY— this city, June 18, 1898, Michael F.,
beloved husband of Kate Kelly, and father of
Thomas F., John P., Mary. Teresa, Cath-
erine, Joseph. William and Florence Kelly, a
native of Carranroe, County Gal way, Ire-
land.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 783 Stevenson street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church. Tenth street, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery-
KNOX— In this city. June 18. 1898, Richard
F., beloved husband of Bertha B. Knox, and
father of Ranar Knox, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged SO years 8 months and 25
' days.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halstead & Co., 948 Mission street. Interment
private.
McCOLL— In the City and County Hospital.
June 1?. ISPS, Samuel Black McColl, a na-
tive of Scotland, aged 65 years. ?
MALONEY— In this city, June 18. IS9?. Mrs.
Margaret Maloney (nee Flannery), beloved
mother of Mrs. P. J. Halligan, Mrs. J. Sul-
livan and Daniel, John, Joseph and Stephen
Flannery, a native of Ireland. . . .
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
, of her daughter, Mrs. P. J. Halligan. 1151
Folsom street, thence to St. Joseph's Church. -
Tenth street, near Howard, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re- -
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RAYNOLDS— In this city. June IS, 1898. Mary
S., beloved wife of Edward H. Raynolds of
New York City, and eldest daughter of Mar-
garet H. and the late William P. Fuller.
C 7" The funeral services will be held
at the residence of her mother. 839 O'Farrell
street, this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock. . In-
■ terment private.
REILLY— this city, June 19, 1898, Bridget
Mary, beloved daughter of Bernard and Mar-
garet Reilly, and granddaughter of Philip
*Colman, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
1 months and 19 days.
RABLIN— In this city, June 19. 1898, Eliza-
; beth Rablin. beloved mother of Mrs.- Eliza-
beth Chenoweth, a native of Cornwall, Eng-
land, aked 67 years. • • ;
SCHOFIELD— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, June 19, 1898, James Edmond Schofleld,
a native of California, aged 25 years. >_■'. ;;
SOUTHWELL— Minnie Berrlnger. beloved -wife'
of James B. Southwell of Santa Ana. ' and
daughter of Mrs. Clara G. Berringer of Fruit-
vale, a native of California, aged 28 years 9
months and 9 days. Died in Los Angeles,
June 16.
IprFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully • Invited to attend tha funeral service
at I. O. O. F. Cemetery, San Francisco, this
day (Monday), at 2:30 o'clock.:
WILLIAMS— In this city, June 19. 1898, Mar- <
garet, relict of H. B. Williams, and be-
loved mother of W. H., J. 8.. H. E. F., C
J. ' and . Emily Williams and - Mrs. Mary' E.
Rise, - a native" of . County Carlow, Ireland,
aged 74 years. ' i - - ; . . , •
tE7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 213^4 Twelfth ■ street, thence .to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a ' requiem mass ■ will
be ■ celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at ; 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
. . Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers, ! .
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EHBALME&3 I
*0 lirTH ST., Opp. Lincoln 8«h»ji; ; ' 1
- Telephone, South 80, . I '-'.'■
i '.T"_"l!!!!'!!!L-_^^±--" J
H. b. m'avoy. Mana^erT^^^^^^^j
? mc/w/o y & co., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMHB* I
1236 Market St., between Bth and »th. I
"•: •••■:.'.■..:■ •;;;■■ Telephone, South 24T. ' ■ ■■' j..•■.:.-■'j ..•■. :. -■' .•■■;■■. I •
910
THE THREE
TAILORS OF
TOOLEY STREET
They Have Come to Life and Have
Constituted Themselves the
Democratic Party.
The Trio Live Again as "Whispering" Gavin Mc-
Nab, Frank "Hood" Gould and William
"Hallucination" Alford.
The Three Tailors r»f Tooley Street,
who once upon a time constituted
themselves the people of England,
have come to life again and have now
constituted themselves the Democratic
party of San Francisco.
The joke Is on the party, of course,
but the Tooley street tailors are real
ghosts who take themselves so seri
ously that they have convinced them
selves that they own the earth, besides
having a chattel mortgage on Mayor
Phelan. ■ When these three tailors first
blossomed In Tooley street and de
clared themselves to be the English
people and the whole prehistoric
cheese, they were sat upon so hard
that they at once ceased to be any-
thing other than a comic grease spot
on the face of history. With the fleet
irig cenruries has come wipdom, and
now that they have again walked out
of tlio pages of the past they propose
to take charge of th<- earth on the in
stallment plan. As a moderate and
modest beginning they have declared
ownership of the local Democracy.
In order that ordinary mortals, who
•appreciate greatness in any form, may
not make any mistake as to th*- Iden
tity of these three great men who have
deserted, the needle for the pc^pter, a
description of them will not be out of
place.
"WTiisppring-" Gavin McNab i? easily
the sreateFt of th<--s» three great tail
ors. He is descended from "Smooth"
John McNab, who flourished during
the reign of JarriPß V. It is said that
this original McNab "was a wonder in
his way. and that he bo conducted
himreif during his lifetime that when
he died his neighbors gave birth to the
Scottish proverb: "While there are
trees In the wood there will be deceit
in a McNab."
"Whispering" Gavin first came into
promin^n^e .'h^n he attached himself
to the person find the patronage of the
late Republican boss, William Higgins.
When Higgins lost his power Gavin
changed his politics and crept beneath
the protecting wintr of Bom Buckley.
In 1890 he became a reformer, but not
until he had proven himself to be a
champion of scab labor and had been
finned down by Buckley. In 1892 he
v.'.-.s expelled from the executive com
mittee of the general committee of the
Democratic party for treason and dis
loyalty to the party. But like Rob Roy
he is long of reach and is known to be
tha best procurer of proxies In the
town.
Another of the famous Tooley-street
trio is Frank "Hood" Gould. He is an
Indirect descendant of that great Eng
lish philanthropist, Robin Hood, who
used to make things lively In Sher
wood forest by the judicious use of a
long bow and a sand bag. Frank, like
Robin, is a good provider, and he, as
well as numerous relatives, are feeding
at the public crib.
The remaining tailor Is William
"Hallucination" Alford, otherwise
known as the "Single-tax Curio of Tu
lare." He is the heavy weight of the
outfit, and is said to be troubled with
dreams that he oueht to be Governor
of the State. When he Is only half
asleep he dreams that he Is destined to
be attorney for the State P ard of Har
bor Commissioners. He is proud, but
not entirely; unhappy, and has often
been likened to Clitus Marcus Brutus
Barbour, that flower of the sandlots,
of whom Jt has been said that he Is a
"statesman without guile, a barrister
without briefs and an Adonis without
beauty." He is known to have but one
regret in life, and that is that he was
not born in Scotland, the land of the
thistle and the McNabs.
In order to carry out their scheme of
universal domination these three i sfit
tailors have appointed a .ommittee of
one hundred, thirty-four members of
which are lawyers, who at the tame
time are patriots on a still hunt for
office. By a strange coincidence there
are Just enough offices to go around.
All of the lawyers do not live in the
city, but the tailors say they do, and
that Is as good as an oath of registra
tion.
The Tooley street gentlemen have
prepared a slate, and in this work they
have been assist d by their chairman,
the Hon. John Placehunter Dunn, who
was selected to fill the responsible posi
tion of presiding officer because he is
the fairest blossom in the bouquet of
aandlot flowers, a present Federal of
fice holder, a jobchaser of twenty years'
experience and the man who first in
troduced the popular plan of importing
relatives from the old country to fill
fat positions in this land of the free and
the home of the McXabs, the Goulds
and the Alfords.
The slate, after being prepared and
put in a filter, has leaked out. It is as
follows:
For Superior Judges — W. B. Cope of
Santa Barbara, E. A. Bridgford of Co
lusa and TV. J. McGee of Alameda.
Police Judges — Clitus Barbour, Finlay
Cook, Joseph Leggett and Chieftain
James Gallagher.
Justices of the Peace — Jeremiah Cof-
fey, W. T. Hess, Louis Bartlett, Frank
C. Drew and Emil Pohli of Mill Val
ley.
District Attorney— William Craig.
Assistant District Attorneys— Hu
Jones, M. H. Hernan, D. C. Murphy and
Sydney Van Wyck.
City and County Attorney — Joseph M.
Nougues.
Assistant City and County Attorneys
— J. C. McKinstry, Fred Denioke and
Osgood Putnam, who voted for McKin
ley and is proud of it.
Police Court Attorneys— R. V. Whit
ing, Barney McKinne, J. F. Cavagnaro
and Francis J. Heney.
Assistant Police Court Attorneys — L.
F. Byington, J. H. Hansen, Richard V.
Curtis and* Franklin K. Lane.
Attorney for Collection of Delinquent
Taxes — Timothy J. Lyons.
Attorney for Sheriff— J. B. Reinsteln.
Attorney for Board of Education — A.
Comte Jr.
Attorney for Public Administrator —
Malachi Cupid Hassett, known in po
litical circles as Enoch Arden Hassett,
who has been sitting on the rock of ex
pectation for twenty years.
The following committee on the qual
j ifioatton of members is to be ap
1 pointed:
W. B. Cope of Santa Barbara, chair
man; Colonel Black Bart Burke of
! Santa Cruz, Edward Reddy of Mono
County. John McGJllvry of Dawson
City, E. A. Bridgford of Colusa, J. C.
Gorman of Sacramento, Ben Hawes of
| Calaveras County, Charles W. Fay of
! San Jcse, Emil Pohli of Mill Valley.
W. J. jVlcGee of Alnmeda and J. M.
Klein of San Rafael.
The committee will meet In the of
fice of the chairman at Santa Barbara
until he shall have acquired a legal
residence In this city.
Colonel Maximilian Parkhurst Popper
is to have his street-sweeping contract
again, but is to be sworn to silence
whenever he attends a session of the
Tea and Toast Club.
The date on which the Three Tailors
of Tooley street will announce them
selves to be the State of California has
not yet been named.
Old Friends' Day.
The Society of Old Friends will cele
brate Old Friends', day by an afternoon
and evening at the Chutes. The commit
tee of arrangements has secured a num
ber of special attractions for that event.
Next Wednesday the friends will have
an old fashioned smoker In Old Friends'
Hall, on Third street.
Carmen Endeavorers.
To-morrow night the new hall of the
Carmen's Society of Christian Endeavor
of the Mission will be dedicated with ap
propriate service. The hall is in the Va
lencia-street car house, at Valencia and
Twenty-eighth streets.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1898.
HER SMILE MADE HIM DESPERATE.
Louis Mohlfeldt Fires Two Shots at Himself, Dut Fails
to Puncture His Skin.
Domestic troubles, coupled with business reverses, impelled Louis Mohl
feldt. a cigar peddler, to commit suicide last evening.
Armed with a 32-caliber imitation Colt's revolver Mohlfeldt visited a
vacant lot at Eighth and Howard streets and proceeded to end his ex
istence. He first placed the weapon against his right temple and pulled the
tripper. The bullet grazed the flesh and tore away a portion of his eyebrow.
Angered at his, failure to kill himself Mohlfeldt pointed the pistol at his
heart and blazed away. Again his aim was bad, the bullet doing no more
damage than to cut through the flesh. At this juncture Police Officer
Richard McGrayan of the Southern Station, who had been attracted to the
scene by the report of the pistol shots, entered the lot and prevented Mohl
feldt from taking another shot at himself. He was then taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where his wounds were dressed by Dr. Frank Fitzgibbon.
Mohlfeldt was In an extremely nervous state when taken to the hospital.
His right wrist was bandaged, the result, he claimed, of a former attempt
to commit puioide.
According to his story he has not spoken to his wife for over ten years.
"We had a dispute over family matters," he remarked, with a faint sem
blance of a smile, "and it was mutually agree that we should cease
speaking to each other. Last Friday, despondent and sick at heart, I bor
rowed a chisel from a neighbor and went to Sutro Heights intending to kill
myself. Selecting a quiet nook, free from the possibility of interference,
I jabbed the chisel into my wrist, cutting an artery. After watching the
flow of blood for some time, and becoming faint, I concluded to see my
wife before I died. I tied a handkerchief around my wrist so as to tempo
rarily stop the flow of blood and boarding a street car rode to my home.
My wife was standing at the gate and when she saw me she first smiled
and then in a rather sarcastic tone asked me why I had not made a good
job of it. As these were the first words she had spoken to me in ten long
years I wanted to embrace her, but as she seemed cold and distant I con
cluded to make another attempt on my life. Finding an old revolver in my
drawer I placed it In my pocket, determined to make the second and fatal
attempt as I thought. I told my oldest boy to prepare his mother for the
news of my supposed tragic deed, but she did not seem affected in the
least
"Shortly after 7 o'clock I left my home, after casting a farewell look
at my wife. Going to the lot on Eighth street I vainly endeavored to kill
myself. I was nervous, and this alone was responsible for my failure to
eend a bullet through my heart. Had the officer not appeared I believe I
would have succeeded in doing myself up."
Mohlfeldt, notwithstanding that he has not spoken to his wife for so
many years, lived under the same roof with her. They communicated
through their children, of which they have three.
After his wounds were dressed Mohlfeldt was locked up in a padded
cell to prevent him from making another attempt to take his life.
NEW CHURCH
FOR ITALIANS
Corpus Christi Dedicated
by the Archbishop.
MASS FOLLOWS CEREMONY.
MANY PEJESTS WERE IN AT
TENDANCE.
A Banquet Is Tendered the Arch
bishop by the New Pastor.
Vespers in the
Evening.
The Church of Corpus Christ!, the new
Catholic church recently completed on
Alemany and Croke streets in the Ocean
View district, was dedicated to divine
worship yesterday morning with impres
sive solemnity by Archbishop Riordan.
The ceremony of dedication which was
THE NEW CHURCH OF CORPUS CHRIST!
held at 10 o'clock was preceded by a pro
cession of little children robed in white;
Company O of the League of the Cross in
full uniform, who with a number of
priests escorted the Archbishop and his
assistants to the new church. It was an
impressive spectacle to see the little pro
cession slowly wending its way down the
street leading to the new church headed
by the acolytes, robed in the garments of
the altar, and bearing the brazen and
glistening cross above the black-robed
priests.
Upon arriving at the church the proces
sion baited and the Archbishop, following
the sacred crucifix borne by the acolytes,
entered the new edifice. The interior,
which is modeled somewhat after the ar
chitecture of St. Ignatius Cathedral, was
aglow with myriads of candles and beau
; tifiiily decorated with Bermuda lilies and
I other rare flowers and exotic growths.
Immediately to the left of the main al
tar was the Archbishop's throne, elabor
ately decorated and adorned with white
and pink tapestries. It was «ent express
ly for the occasion by the Sllesian Com
munity of Sts. Peter and Paul's Church
| on Filbert and Dupont streets, of which
the Church of Corpus Chrlstl Is a branch.
The dedication service consisted of the
consecration of the edifice, together with
I the altars, statues and various appur-
I tenances. The deacons of honor to the
Archbifhop in the ceremony were Fathers
Connelly and Mulligan.
Immediately after the dedication cere
i mony solemn high mass was celebrated
| by the superior of the Franciscan order,
assisted by Father Butler of the Jesuit
College as deacon and Father Casslni, the
i pastor of the new church, aa sub-deacon
The sermon, which was delivered by
Archbishop Rlorrian in Knglish, was on
the subject of the dedication of the new
church.
An exhortation beseeching the Italians
i in the neighboring gardens to cease work
i for the day and attend mass in their new
church was printed in the form of a plac
ard and distributed freely among them.
As a consequence the little edinco was
filled to overflowing with a congregation
of hard-working and industrious men and
women.
One of the features of the dedication
was the rendition of Mercadante's mass
by a choir under the direction of Miss
Mary Rogers. The following were the
principal singers: Sopranos, Miss May
■ Reilly. Miss Oliva L. Vautlin and Miss
| Lulu Curtaz; tenor George Oliva; con
traltos, Miss Kate Danari and M!«s A.
O'Sulllvan: ba.ssos. Tl. "W. Swords, Ed
ward Loughery and Joseph Broycr.
Representative priests from various par
ishes were present and assisted in the ser- j
v ' c es. Among these were Fat hey Wyman
of the Paulist Church, Father Butler of
the Jesuit College and superior of th.>
* ranclscan order, Father Connelly of 8t
Pauls, father Oualco of Sts. Peter and
£au,U Father Mulligan of St. Mary's Cn
thedral and Brother O'Renl from the Si
lesian Community.
A banquet was "tendered the Archbishop
and his assistants immediately after the
celebration of mass by Father Cassinl hi
the parochial residenoe adjoining.
Jn the afternoon vespers, followed by
benediction, was celebrated by Father
bardi of St. Ignatius Church. The cho»Y
MeGi a d S at vesi)ers by Mrs - Urobuz
ADVOCATE
A COAST
GUN PLANT
Leading Citizens Want
One in Benicia.
BOTH HOUSES PETITIONED
CONGRESSMEN WILL LEND
THEIR ASSISTANCE.
The Desirability of Establishing Such
a Works in This State Approved
by Public - Spirited
Persons.
Effort is being made by a number of
well-known citizens of this State to have
the Government establish a gun assem
bling plant at Benicia, and so far the
movers of the project have met with
much success.
The representatives of this State in Con
gress are working energetically to have
the plan carried out and leading members
of the House from other States, appre
ciating the need of such a works in this
portion of the country, have notified the
committee that they will lend their co
operation when the matter comes up for
hearing.
The citizens who are advocating the es
tablishment of the plant are James W.
Kerry-. W.i Li. Crooks, A. Robinson, Wake
field Baker, D. M. Hart, Robert W. Lamb
ley and Herbert Kullman, residents of
this city and Benicia. A neatly gotten
up petition setting forth the reasons for
the need of such a plant and suggesting
Benicia as the best place has been for
warded to the Senate and Congress.
An excellent" map showing the desira
bility of the location is appended, and the
petition is signed by leading firms and cit
izens of the State. It is in these words:
We, your petitioners, residents of the State
of California, respectfully and earnestly re
quest your support and aid in our endeavors
looking to the establishment and equipment by
the United States Government of a gun as
sembling plant for the Pacific Coast. The "
necessity of such a gun assembling plant for
this coast Is manifest, and it is respectfully
urged by your petitioners, that of all Bites on
the Pacific Coast, the site at Benicia. Cali
fornia, is the one that is most suitable and
best adapted to the establishment of a Gov
ernmental gun plant for ordnance.
In order that error may be avoided in the
selection of a suitable site, and your petition
ers believing that Benicia, Cal., should be se
lected by the United States as a site for the
(•establishment of such gun plant, we beg to
submit the following: -.
First — At Benicia the Government already
owns a large reservation consisting of about
&-.0 acres of land, all bordering on the waters
of Carqulnez Straits, and upon this reservation
are situated an arsenal and barracks, where
a garrison of troops is stationed. Upon the
arsenal reservation there are several large and
substantial structures of brick and stone, all
in good condition. Among these buildings are
a well-equipped machine shop of two floors—
260 feet in length and 80 feet in width— a black
smith shop sufficiently large to run ten fires,
being ir.O feet in length by 60 feet in width,
and a carpenter shop. 150 feet In length and
300 in width. ,
Second— The Carquinez Straits are of suffi
cient depth at the lowest tide to afford ample
facilities for the dockage and anchorage of tha
largest war vessel. The proposed site for the
gun assembling plant is of easy access for the
largest war vessels from San Francisco and
from Mare Island.
Third— The proposed site is situated within
five miles by water from the United States navy
yard at Mare Island, and is upon the main line
of California's principal railroad. .
Fourth— The climate of Benicia Is healthful
and ■ unsurpassed. The fresh water supply is
good and abundant.
Fifth— Adjacent to the proposed site 'excel
lent stone suitable for the construction of the
buildings of the gun plant can be procured in
large quantities and at small cost.
Sixth— lmmediately surrounding the proposed
site are proving grounds and miles of range
affording the best facilities for the testing of
the largest gun*. The topography of the pro
posed Bite Is such as is well adapted to the
mounting of large guns on high ground for the
purpose of testing them.
, Seventh— Carquinez Straits are deep and suffi
ciently narrow to afford ample facilities for
protecting the approach to the proposed Rite in
such manner that it would be absolutely safe
from attack by a foreign enemy.
Eighth — In 1890 there was appointed by the
United States Government a commission con
sisting of three very eminent army officers.
Major Bufflngton, United States Ordnance
Corps; Major Craighlll, United States Engineer
Corps, and Major Dutton,' United States Artil
lery, whose duty It was to examine and report
upon the best site for a gun plant upon the
Pacific Coast. This commission made a thor
ough examination of the various points on the
Pacific Coast, and after such examination the
commission made a unanimous report to the
Department of War advising that Benlcta be
selected as the' site upon which a gun plant
should be established. The report of this com
mission is now on file in the War Department
at Washington. ; ..;
In view of the fact that the Government . of
the United States already i possesses a site at
Benicia suitable for a gun plant, and In view
of the fact that the proposed site possesses the
many great advantages above set forth, and
sincerely believing that It is an absolute neces
sity that a gun plant should be established on
the Pacific Coast to perfect the military plans
of •; the Government of the United States, we,
your, petitioners, again urgently request that
Buch action be taken as will in the near future
Insure the establishment at Benicia by the
Government of the United States of a gun plant
for the assembling, finishing., and testing of
ordnance. __^__^^_______
FAMOUS NEWSPAPER
MAN IN THIS CITY
A JOURNALIST'S CRITICISMS OF
OTJR BAD STREETS.
Editor Costello Says Our Pavements
Blight San Francisco's Many
Beauties — New York as a
Shining Example.
Augiistlne E. Costello, better known as
"Gus," one of the best known newspaper
men of New York City and for many
years a member of the staff of the Her
ald, is on a visit to San Francisco for his
health. lie has had a very active career
dating from his arrival in the United
States about thirty years ago in com
pany with many other Irish patriots who
had perforce for a long time been enjoy
ing the hospitality of the British Govern
ment in Dublin Castle, charged with be
ing Fenians. Mr. Costello laughs at this
period of his life and refers to It as "an
Incident of youth." Tie has experienced j
all the stormy journalistic times in New
York, from the days of the Tweed ring
scandals and exposures to the latter-day
efforts and successes of Rev. Mr. Park
hurst in connection with the reform of
the police department of the big city.
"It was my intention," said Mr. Cos
tello, "to make a trip to the old country,
but I concluded there was enough to be
seen in the United States, and I am very
glad I came this way. I must say that I
am very agreeably surprised at what I
nave seen. Of course in this country we
drew comparisons of metropolitan cities
from New York, and I must say that of
;ill the cities I have visited, next to the
metropolis, Ban Francisco impresses me
the most. When I take a walk on Mar
ket street I can easily imagine myself on
Broadway, not alone by reason o the
crowds, but because of the energy and
activity of your people. Tin's is a beau
tiful city and •■xeels us In points of inter
<•!.; If wo had such a place as the Cliff
House, with its magnificent surroundings,
it would be our greatest resort.
"While I admire your grand park,
which would be tin ornament to any city
In tin' world, your, system of local transit,
:wui your picturesque surroundings, I
mutt it] thai the street pavements are
a Y«-r\ di: i::i • . .ible evidence of bad mu
nicltml manajtement or lack of public
Hplrlt. < "p -I'!, ring i\ll your advantages,
It In iiMUiMilt i.i AOOOUnt for Jhis policy.
"N<-\\ Jfork, not M long ago, was on a
par with Ban Francisco in this respect,
Buj within the pant seven years we have
t:ikcri a grnn.t stop forward and asphalt
I'UviinuiUa uxo now the rule rather than
ADVERTISEMENT'S. __-._,_ ..--.-^,
QTI FQ ! QTI FQ I
4000 IT^.K,ZDS
Printed Silks*
' .A.T
HALF FORMER PRICES.
On to-morrow and following days we
will place on sale an elegant assortment
of FIGURED, BROCHE and STRIPED
INDIA SILKS, all handsome designs, at
r^V J Per yard/
[The above silks are all white and
light colored grounds, full 24
inches in width. The former
prices were 75c, $1.00 and $1.25
Yard.
We have also received tMs week 100 pieces
PLAIN AND CHANGEABLE TAFFETA
S SILKS, in all ■ the new shades and com-
binations.
HI. 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
the exception throughout the city. Such
improvements are costly to begin with,
but the economy in nerves alone is suffi
cient to pay for them in a short time.
Well-paved streets constitute one of the
best advertisements a city can have and
when San Francisco realizes this fact
and takes advantage of its opportunities
it will take Its place In the front rank
of the most beautiful cities of the world."
YACHTS ANCHOR AT
M'NEAR'S LANDING
CORINTHIAN TARS HOLD A
SUCCESSFUL CRUISE.
Nearly All the Sausalito and Tiburon
Boats Out Sailing in the Upper
Bay Yesterday.
Four of the yacht clubs had cruises In
the upper bay on their programme for
Saturday and yesterday; the Encinals,
Californias and Corinthians were to ren
dezvous at McNear'a Landing, and the
San Franciso.os were to anchor just below
at Marin Islands.
The following Corinthian yachts an
chored according to programme at Me-
Near's Landing on Saturday night: Com
modore Carl Westerfield's Aeolus, ex-
Commodore Alex J. Young's Clara. T. F.
Tracy's sloop Secret. Secretary E. B.
Lathrop's Pride, ex-Commodore J. W.
Pew's Truant, Fred King's Lois. B. F.
Sager's Edna, Cupid, Thetis, Scout and
Yesterday Fred Ames* Ella, R. R.
l'Hommedieu's Phoenicia, Fred Cook's
Harpoon, W. Howe's Cisne, the sloops
May and Mignon, and the yawls Xaiad
and Areturus joined the fleet on its re :
turn. Ex-Commodore George S. Billings
Nixie was also sailing in the upper bay.
Of the California fleet none except E.
Sager's Edna, which also belongs to the
Corinthians, put in an appearance. Of
the Encinal fleet the only representative
was Commodore J. S. Hanley's Spray.
Saturday and yesterday were open days
for the Pacifies, but E. A. WUtsee'a Aggie
and the Spreckels Brothers' Lurline were
out sailing.
The San Francisco commodore had a
cruise to Marin Islands set down upon his
programme, and about 5 o'clock on Satur
day weighed anchor from Sausalito, fol
lowed by Vice-Commodore G. T. S.
White's Will o' the Wisp-the latter, in
the absence of her owner, on an upriver
trip being sailed by Financial Secretary
W. G. Morrow and Treasurer J. M. Pau-
D On Sunday the Cygnus and Will o' the
WiPt) were joined by Arthur D. Nnylor s
qlnO n Twilight, on board her being the
owner, Vice-Commodore G. T. S. White
Naylor's sloop Twilight, on
her way up the river a week ago, snapped
her iibboom, which was temporarily re
paired by wrapping it. On the return trip
she. was fitted with a new jibboom at
Port Costa. She proved herself a handy,
roomy weatberly boat and capable of
considerable sp*ed. She is now at the
Catherine's moorings at Sausalito.
Secrctarv Charles B. Hill has received
several entries for the. San Francisco re
sratta to take place on the wth inst. The
iinks'to be held in the San Francisco
clubhouse on the evening of the 3i»th
promises to be very successful. R. Mitch
ell W. Hines, T. Eggert and a banjo
quartet have already promised their serv
ices. _
"The Ships That Go."
"The ships that go," taken from the one
hundred and twenty-sixth Psalm, fourth
verse, was the text of Rev. E. Nelander,
at the First English Lutberaa Church on
Geary street last evening, the subject of
his discourse being the departure of the
second Philippine expedition. "This
event " said he, "marks an important
epoch' in the world's history. We are al
ways too near great events to appreciate
them The nations of the earth are look
ins to the United States and are wonder
ing what will be the outcome. They have
been watching us since the close of the
Civil War. which established the princi
ples of liberty and made the constitution
no longer a hollow mockery. Our progress
has been unparalleled !n the history of the
world. We were the only nation that had
the courage to step in and intervene in
behalf of the down-troarten people of
Cuba Our flag now stands for more than
our own liberty. This movement means
the spread of human freedom and the
propagation of the gospel of Jesus Christ,
and God is directing this war for the pro
motion of civilization and true religion."
BOW EN
& CO.
First-rate goods at fair prices.
Lower prices would not afford good
goods.
We want the trade of folks who
j are careful about the foods they set
before their families.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Olive oil— Sierra Madre 7?C
regularly 85c bottle
Your system requires some olive oil
and you can't afford to eat other than
pure oil
Ginger a 1 e—Cochrane &Cos\ 35-
: regularly $1 - 50 dozen— imported
We recommend it every day
ChoColate-a/emer y ellow &***
V^llUUJldie Menier
regularly Ib 45c 65c
special Ib 40c 60c
. Most every one knows that no better
chocolate-is made in the..\vor!d than
Menier's
Candy— Goldberg Boicen <b Co 2OC
reg'iy 35c I b here — 50c elsewhere
Chocolates— French mixed— bon bons
Free by express anywhere in the
United States for 50c a pound ■
Builloncapsules-^'ifcr'a 2£C
regularly 30c box of ten
A cup of hot water and a capsule
make a tasty cup of beef — try
it when camping
Malt whiskey— wm Perm j^c
regularly Si bottle
A good medicinal whiskey
Paraffine— reg'iy 15c ib ioc
Put it on top of jelly in glasses to
keep out dirt — helps keep the jelly nice
Fruit jars-Lightning £%5% 5 l c s
• Called Lightning because so quickly
opened and closed. The pints are for
berries and small fruits. A strong
wire lever holds cover secure
reg'iy 75c and $1 50 per doz
BTandy-Californian '.Jjjj $3
regularly $1 bottle $4 gallon
You never bought better brandy for
the price
Prunes— reg'iy ioc Ib 4 lbs 2£C
First-rate prunes— plenty of meat V
on them A very healthy food
More folks should eat them
Moth balls— reg'iy 3 lbs 25c O^C
Put in the clothes you don't take
to the : country
Hose— lengths 4-pJy
Standard reg'iy S3 00 special $2 65
Extra "3 5° " 300
Superior "450 " 375
Note they're not 3-ply and further
that they're the best we can buy
Oval trays v
Black Japanned with gilt figured border
Inches 12 14 16 18 20 22 24 at
reg'iy 15 20 25 30 35 40 50 60
special 10 15 15 20 25 30 35 40
" Extra strong— made for use
: --r Mall orders entitled to these prices If posted not
later than Wednesday
43« Pine 215 Sutter 2800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND AI'TOiINEY-AT LAW
Tenth Floor. Room 1016, Claus SpreckeU iJIJa
_ Telephone Brown 931. ;
PoiXSS F^cl^ lf ° rnla """•