VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 140.
MAYOR PHELAN STANDS CONDEMNED BY HIS
OWN DENUNCIATION OF ELECTION FRAUDS
He Induced Eugene P. Murphy to
Change His Residence for
Political Purposes.
Opposed the Pardon of Stern=
berg, Who Was Convicted
of the Same Act.
Mayor James D. Phelan colonized Eugene P.
Murphy in the Ninth Ward for election purposes,
notwithstanding the fact that he so strongly con
demned Governor Budd for commuting the sen
tence of Louis Sternberg, convicted of colonizing
the Forty-second District. Murphy, at Phelan' s
solicitation, hired lodgings away from his palatial
home and changed his registration from 1304
Guerrero street to 536 Third street. Yet, Phe
lan says that any one committing this act should
be sentenced to imprisonment for life without
power of pardon.
JAMES D. FHEL.AN, candidate for
Mayor on divers and various tick
ets, poses as a stickler for high
morality, socially and politically.
Publicly he is most vigorous in
his denunciations of all transgressors
against the right of suffrage. He has
no sympathy with the poor hirelings of
political bosses who are caught doing
the dirty work which lends aid to cor
ruptionists. In print and on platform
Phelan finds no words too strong nor
condemnation too bitter against the
man who has in the least violated the
election laws.
Phelan has taken issue with no less
a person than the Governor of the State
on this question when the executive ex
ercised his prerogative and commuted
the sentence of a man who had been
convicted of working a colonization
scheme whereby citizens had their resi
dences changed for political purposes.
When Governor Budd commuted the
.sentence of Louis Sternberg, who was
sent to the penitentiary for colonizing
the Forty-second Assembly District In
the interests of Senator Mahoney in
1894 James D, Phelan not only wired the
Governor an urgent appeal against the
commutation, but after the man was
released from prison he wrote a letter
to the editor of The Call which was
published in this paper In the issue of
November 4, 1897, in which he defended
his action and in which appeared the
following paragraph:
This Government rests on the pur
ity of the ballot box. If a man's vote
cannot be fairly cast and honestly
counted the government is a fraud,
and the ballot box, instead of being
a refuge from official corruptionists,
becomes a trap. I cannot believe that
any sane and patriotic citizen would
countenance election frauds. There
can be no higher crime against the
State. It is treason, and from the be
ginning every Government has pun
ished treason with death. Instead of
a sentence of three years an offender
should be punished with life impris
onment without power cf pardon. A
pardon restores a criminal to his civil
rights; it puts him back into the
citadel he treasonably sought to de
stroy.
What was the crime for which Stern
berg was convicted and sentenced?
Governor Budd, in his proclamation
commuting the sentence of Sternberg,
Bays:
The crime for which he was con
victed was the procuring of residents
of the city who were legal voters
thereof to register in a Senatorial
district other than that of their resi
dence, it not being charged that they
voted more than once.
This, then, is the head and front of
the offending which brought such bit
ter words of denunciation from the pen
of the man who to-day blatantly cries
out for purity in politics: He Induced
residents to register in districts other
than those of their residence.
On the first day of the present month,
The San Francisco Call
October, 1898, Eugene P. Murphy, a
resident of San Francisco, living at 1304
Guerrero street, rented a room at a
lodging-house at 536 Third street, went
there with his satchel containing a
night shirt and necessary toilet arti
cles, and then went to the office of j
the Registrar of Voters and chanered
his registration from 1304 Guerrero
street to 536 Third street. He left a
palatial residence with all the sur
roundings of a luxurious home; left a
devoted wife and loving children; left
his friends and neighbors bound to him
hy the ties of almost a lifetime of asso
ciation and began to live a lie in the
interests of "purity in politics."
But Eugene P. Murphy had been an
honest man too long to begin late in
life as an aider and abettor of election
fraud even when his close friend James
D. Phelati, political reformer, asked
him to and tried to convince him that
it was not only right but proper. Mur- ;
phy's conscience was a better guide
than the urgent requests of his old
friend, and his whole being revolted
against committing the crime.
When Phelan manipulated his fa
mous convention and rushed his slate
through by the grace of the Committee
of One Hundred he selected his old
friend Eugene P. Murphy as one of the ■
men whom he wanted on the Board of
Supervisors, and he was nominated.
But Murphy lived in the Eleventh
Ward, and it was necessary to have
him represent the Ninth Ward. With
Me-phistophr-lian art the man who Doses
as the exemplar of purity of the ballot
box went to his old friend, who In the
honesty of his unsophistication believed
in ,'ill men, and told him that he was
needed in the interests of purity of pol
itics to represent the Ninth Ward In
the Board of Supervisors.
"But," said Murphy, "how can I reo
rient the Ninth Ward when I live In
th" Eleventh?"
"Oh," said Merihiptcphf-lfR Phelan, "it
is merely a matter of form. You can
rent a room in the Ninth Ward and
resistor from there. It is perfectly
legal. And thf>n, you know, we need
you to help purify the politics of this
city."
Eugene P. Murphy is a man of stain
less character. His sense of right and
wrong is acute, and while he has faith
in the purity and Integrity of his fellow
man the approval of his own conscience
is his guide. When the proposition was
broached to him by Jainf-s D. Phelan
that it was right and in the interests of
pure government to chancre his regis
tration and qualify as a voter In a ward
in which he did not live he reflected.
When told that the service of reform
demanded the sacrifice of his personal
comfort he reluctantly consented and
qualified as a resident of the Ninth
Ward.
Mr. Murphy made but a short stay in
the Ninth Ward. Mrs. Cluness. keeper
of the lodging house at 536 Third ■ -i,
said last night:
"Mr. Eugene P. Murphy hired one of
my rooms on October 1. He had his
election cards out and retained the
room Just one week. I heard nothing
more from him until Sunday. E. P. E.
Troy called on me then and said that
as Mr. Murphy had decided to retire
from the election contest he would not
require the room, and I could dispose of
it as I saw fit."
But there is a pathetic side to the
story. He packed his satchel as if go
ing on a journey; left his beautiful
home and loving family and engaged
lodgings in a house on the. corner of
Third and Bryant streets. He was
lighted to a meager room with scant
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1898.
furnishings, aufl when the man whose
name is a synonym for honesty among
his neighbors and associates sat in the
flickering: light of the dim candle he felt
that all was not right. He sat on the
edge of the uncomfortable bed and
looked out into the moonlit streets on
strange surroundings. The warmth,
the cheer and the refined influences of
his own home were missing. Then he
began to commune with his conscience.
He had been convinced that from a
legal point of view he was acting
Fac-Slmilcs of Pages of tho Register Showing Eugene P. Murphy's Change of Registration.
strictly In accordance with the law.
Had not his friend, the Mayor of the
city, the man who was foremost in ad
vancing reform and purity in politics,
told him that it was legal?
But his conscience told him that he
was living a He. He was representing
himself as living in the Ninth Ward
when his home was elsewhere.
Deeper reflection came as the night |
wore on and he went out into the open i
air to qool his fevered brow. He
passed through lonely streets and
Btudied the unfamiliar surroundings.
Again he went to his narrow, gloomy i
room and thought of the "sweetest
things that ever grew beside a human
door."
Reflection convinced him that there
and then was the time to correct his
mistake. SittiKS by his bed his so
liloquy was: "This is not my home. I
have no moral right to represent it as
such to my fellow men. I live in an
other part of the city and dwell there
with my wife and children. The
cause of purity in politics does not de
mand that I should live a lie. It is
wrong."
The strong sense of right; the cour
age to do right, regardless of personal
friendship and individual advance
ment, came to his rescue as it comes
to every other man who values honor
above all other considerations, and
Eugene P. Murphy went from the place
of false residence and returned to his
home, having fully determined to re
sign from the ticket.
The next day his resolution was put
into effect. In his case resignation was
truly a Christian virtue and in the
peace and honor of his own domicile
life has all its former brightness. A
weaker man, a less honest man would
have fallen beneath the wiles ofPhelan,
but Eugene P. Murphy had the cour
age to- withstand the alluring tempta
tion.
But what of the man who tried to in
duce a resident to register from a ward
other than that in which he lived?
Out of his own mouth is he c on
demned. Read what James D.
Phelan said about Sternberg, the man
who was convicted and sentenced to the
penitentiary for the same offense:
An offsnder should be punished
■with life imprisonment without
power of pardon.
Mr. Murphy was seen by a Call rep
resentative regarding the matter and
answered freely and fully the questions
as to his temporary change of resi
dence. He said that he had been con
j vinced that it was right legally, but in
his conscience did not think it was right
morally. He could not stand the idea
I of being elected to represent a ward in
which he did not live. Murphy Is an j
honest and truthful man, and when he |
was asked direct questions he answered
like a man if he could do so with truth.
When a question was asked him that
he did not wish to admit, and yet his
conscience would not permit , him to
deny, he was blunt.
To his friends he said that Mayor
Phelan Induced him to do what he had
done, and had told him that it was
legally riphtl ■„ . . •< * -- ,<.-..■■■ -
"1 want to ' help \ purify Politics, | and
I think I have the right to an ambition
to serve the city as a Supervisor, but I
cannot countenance an election coloni
zation scheme. If I were nominated
from my own ward I would accept and
hope to be elected, but I do not think
it is right to represent a ward in which
I do not live."
So much for Mr. Murphy. But what
about James D. Phelan, who engineered
the colonization scheme which was to
make of an honest man a criminal?
The Grand Jury Is in session now.
Would it not be well for that body to
make an investigation into these
charges and see if James D. Phelan,
candidate for Mayor of various tickets,
is not amenable to the law?
In his public utterances Phelan says
that an offender ag-alnst election laws
commits treason and should be pun
i ished by Imprisonment for life without
i the power of pardon. Yet James D.
i Phelan has attempted to subvert an
honest man to treasonable purposes,
and has attempted to perpetrate an
election fraud for * which other men
have been sent to the State prison.
It is for the Grand Jury to say whether
there is a difference between the crime
of a poor tool of election bosses and the
crime of a wealthy and influential
political boss who holds the highest
office at the gift of the people of the
city.
Sternberg had his sentence commuted
by the Governor at the request of hun
dreds of good and honest citizens who
believed that the punishment Jiad been
sufficient, but this man with his
"holier than thou" expression and his
sanctimonious cry of "purity in poli
ties'" condemned that act of charity in
public and commits the same deed in
secret. And by that deed he hoped to
add to his own power and to bend to
his personal aggrandizement the honor
and probity of a reputable citizen.
DECISION IN KcCORD'S CASE.
The Arbitrator in Canada Mails a Re-
port to Washingtoiv
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— The decision
of the arbitrator in the McCord case has
been rendered. The arbitrator was Sir
Henry Young, Chief Justice of Canada.
He telegraphed the State Department
that he had rendered his decision Satur
day, and would supply detailed informa
tion by mall. McCord was an American
civil engineer, living in Peru, whose per
son and property were seized during a
revolutionary movement in that country.
Various Secretaries of States have made
efforts to secure compensation for Mc-
Cord, but it remained for Secretary Olney
to secure an undertaking on the part of
Pe.ru to submit the case for arbitration.
MoCord's claim originally was for $200,000,
offtxe-1 ' accept
{50,000 as settlement in full, but : .nee that
offer was made expenses have accrued,
so it may be that the final award will be
for a larger amount.
PREACHER ARRESTED
ON A FORGERY CHARGE
| Positively Identifi«d as a Man Who
Cashed Bogus Checks in an
Illinois Town.
MARSHALL-TOWN, lowa, Oct. 17.— Rev.
George K. Parrish, pastor of the Congre
gational Church of this city, was arrested
this afternoon by officers from Sandwich,
111, charged with forging a check for $300,
three years ago, under the name of Rev.
Mark Thompson. The check was drawn
on the Illinois Home Missionary Society.
He Is also charged with issuing checks
for $500 on Watertown and Elkhorn. Wls.,
banks, purporting to have been drawn on
the American Board of Missions, but
which were not cashed. Parrish was posi
tively identified as Thompson and was
taken to Sandwich to-night. Parrish came
> here three weeks ago trom Constantine,
' Midi where he was pastor of a Cangre
| gational church. He is a married man
I and a brilliant preacher.
SUSTAINS THE
OLD BOARD OF
SUPERVISORS
Supreme Court Decides the
San Francisco Water
Rate Case.
Rules That the Officials Can Be
Ousted Only by Criminal
Procedure.
The long legal fight that has hung around the status of the Board of Su
pervisors of San Francisco has at last been cleared away. The old board,
the one that was thrown from, the board room by the city police and that
crept back to office under a decision of the Supreme Court in a case in
volving the tax levy, has been reseated. Not that the old board has been
out of office, but the Fhelan board had a ghost of a show so long as the de
cision of the Supreme Court was not forthcoming; now it has come and
even the shadow of office has been taken from the men whose course in
reform was so early nipped in the bud.
Under a statute of March 17, 18S1, passed by the Legislature, it was
made imperative that water rates in San Francisco should be fixed in the
month of February of each year and not later. The February of 1897
came and went and still the Supervisors were haggling over what the rate
should be It was round impossible to fix the rate in the legal month and
so the matter dragged on until June had been reached. On the 2d of June
the rate was made and on the Ist of July it went into effect.
The rate had been in force fifteen days when George K. Fitch came
forward with a complaint, stating that he had been grif vously injured by
the delay in the fixing of the rate and he wanted the law regulating
such a state of affairs enforced. The law declared that any board that
failed to fix the rate io the month of February should be ousted from of
fice had any citizen interested courage enough to proceed against it, and
this was just what Fitch wanted. He asked that the whole board be let go
and a new one appointed.
The case came to trial and In incredibly short space of time Judge Wal
lace decided that the board should become a vacancy. That same night
Mayor Ph»lan and Governor Budd got together and before morning they
had a brand new board, which was sworn into office before the clerk
in Judge Wallace's court had entered up the court's ruling.
An appeal was taken and it w^as contended that the appeal stayed
all proceedings and effectually barred the new board from taking office
until the case had been decided by the Supreme Court. Judge \\ allace
refused to look at it in this way and for a few blissful weeks the new
aDiwintees made motions and passed ordinances and prepared for an ad
ministration the like of which had never been seen before. They tried to pass
a tax levy, however, and that was the cause of their downfall.
The old board, while barred from its former chambers, continued to
meet in halls and doorways and in back rooms, and when the new board
sent in its tax levy to the Auditor the old board also submitted one. But
the Auditor was pulling no chestnuts from the fire, and he refused to accept
either of the levies until the courts had pointed out to him which was the
genuine one Supervisor Morton of the old board solved the problem by
suine out a writ of mandamus in the Supreme Court compelling the Audi
tor to accept the levy of the old board. This was decided in his favor, the
ruling of the court being that the appeal acted as a stay, and the old board
should have been allowed to retain its place. Under this decision the new
board silently withdrew and the old board came back to its own.
But the appeal on the original case — one from an order denying a new
trial— has been hanging fire until now, and this is what the Supreme Court
has just decided.
The court holds that the proper course for such an action is not by civil
but by criminal procedure; that it can be brought only in the name of and
by the people of the State; that the plaintiff in the case, Mr. Fitch, was in
no way an interested person, as the rate had been fixed some time before
he had begun his suit. It holds, too, that a rate fixed subsequent to the
month of February is valid.
TEXT OR THE DECISION.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 17.— 1n the Su
preme Court to-day the following: de
cision was handed down:
THE OPINION.
In bane.
Pitch, petitioner and respondent. S.
F. No. 1222.
The Board of Supervisors of the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
city and county of San Francisco, de
fendants and appellants.
The constitution, article XI"V, sec
tion 1, after providing that the rates
to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation for the use of
water supplied to any municipality or
its inhabitants shall be fixed annually
by the governing body of such munici
pality, provides:
"Such ordinances or resolutions
shall be passed in the month of Febru
ary of each year and take effect on
the first day of July thereafter. Any
board or body falling to pass the
necessary ordinances or resolutions
fixing water rates, where necessary,
within such time, shall be subject to
peremptory process to compel action,
at the suit of any party interested,
and shall be liable to such further pro
cesses and penalties as the Legisla
ture may prescribe. Any person, com
pany or corporation collecting water
rates in any city or county or city or
town in this State otherwise than as
so established shall forfeit the fran
chise and water works of such person,
company or corporation to the city
and county or city or town where
the same are collected for the public
use."
Two courses of action axe thus au
thorized to be pursued against the
Board of Supervisors or other govern
ing body of the municipality in case of
its failure to pass such ordinances or
resolutions as will enable any person
or corporation to collect rates or com
pensation for the water supplied by It
to the municipality or Its inhabitants
therein, viz., a peremptory process to
compel the board to pass the ordi
nances or resolutions and a punish
ment for its failure to pass them. The
first is given by the constitution itself,
and may be invoked by any "party
interested" without the necessity of
any legislation therefor. The "party
interested" who is thus authorized to
invoke peremptory process to compel
the board to pass an ordinance fixing
the water rates is a party who has an
interest in having the rates fixed and
who would be injuriously affected if
they were not fixed. The provision
that "the rates or compensation to be
collected shall be fixed annually," and
"shall continue in force for one year
and no longer," read In connection
with the concluding sentence of the
section by which a company which
shall collect water rates "otherwise
than as so established" shall forfeit
its franchises and water works for the
public use, makes it evident that the
furnisher of water would be ii .various
ly affected if the rates are not fixed,
and is. therefore, a "party interested,"
who is entitled to such peremptory
process.
The provision that the ordinance fix
ing the rates shall not take effect until
July, although it is to be passed in
February, is manifestly for the pur
pose of affording to the person or
company supplying- water ample time
to adjust the individual rates for ita
consumers in accordance with the
terms of the schedule fixed by the or
dinance, and also to provide an op
portunity, if necessary, 'n case the or
dinance shall not be passed in Feb
ruary, to invoke process for compell
ing the board to pass an ordinance
prior to July. The failure of the board
to pass an ordinance in the month of
February is, by the terms of the sec
tion, made a condition precedent to
the right to ask for process to compel
action, by It, since It cannot be deter2
CHINA'S EMPEROR
HAS A PROTECTOR
Report That England H as De
manded That H e Be Re
stored to Power.
LONDON, Oct. 17.— A dispatch to a London news agency from
Shanghai says: Reports from Japanese sources are in circulation
her., to the effect that Sir Claude Macdonald, British Minister at
Peking, has informed the Chinese Government that sovereignty ap
pertains solely to the Emperor, who has been forcibly abducted and
deposed, and that he must be restored to his position, while Kang
Yu Wei and the other reformers must be pardoned. Failing com
pliance. Great Britain will enforce these demands.
A rebellion in Hunan province is certain. Foreigners at Yang
tse ports are in great danger. Most of the residents have left Chun
King, in the province of Se Chuen. and the foreigners of others ports
are preparing for a hurried departure.
mined until after February has ex
plred whether there will he a failure
to pass the ordinance "within such
and, inasmuch as the right to
at for the purpose of compelling
action by the board cannot be In
voked until after February, it must
follow that an or.linar.eo fixing: rates,
which is passed subsequent to Feb
ruary, la as valid as if it were passed
in February, and that the rate? fixed
by such ordinance may be collected
from the consumer, since the consti
tution would not authorize the issu
ance of process to compel action by
the board, if its action under such
process would be vain and nugatory.
Hence, an ordinance passed subse
quent to February in the absence of
such process is equally valid as if
passed under its mandate. It must,
therefore, follow:
The provision of the section which
renders the board "liable to such fur
ther processes and penalties as the
Legislature may prescribe" in case of
II ■ ilure to pass the ordinances
•within, the month of February clearly
Indicates not only that in the absence
of legislation the board will not be
liable to any penalty therefor, but also
that it will be liable to only such
processes and penalties as are within
the power of the Legislature to pre
scribe.
In pursuance of this provision of the
constitution the Legislature passed
the act of March 7, 1881 (Stats, of 1881,
p. 54i. Put. while the authority to
prescribe a penalty for the failure of
the board is referable to this section,
the extent of the penalty and the pro
ceedings for its enforcement must be
in conformity with the legislative
power elsewhere conferred by the con
stitution. Section S of this "act is as
follows:
"Any Board of Supervisors or other
legislative body of any city and coun
ty, city or town, which fail or refuse
to perform any of the duQes prescribed
by this act, at the time and in the
manner herein specified, shall be
deemed guilty of malfeasance in of
flce, and upon conviction thereof at the
suit of any interested party, in any
court of competent jurisdiction, shall
be removed from office."
To the extent that this section au
thorizes the penalty to be imposed "at
the suit of any interested party," it is
not within the provision of the above
section of the constitution, unless it
ehould be held that the provision for
the penalty is a part of the process
authorize! to compel action by the
board; but after an ordinance has been
; no occasion f<>r in
voking an - to compel action.
The evident purpose of the cection is
to provide a penalty by way of pun
ishment for the delinquency of the
board. The term in which the delin
quency is defined— "malfeasance in of
fice"—and the declaration that "upon
conviction" of the delinquency the
board shall be deemed "guilty" and
the penalty provided— "shall be re
moval from office," all point to an
offense which has been completed, and
are conclusive reasons for holding
that the purpose of the section was not
to compel action by the board, but to
punish it for its failure to act. The
provision in the section that the pen
alty may be imposed "at the suit of
any Interested party," is, however, in
consistent with section 20 of article
VI "f the constitution, which is:
"The style of all process shall be
'the People of the State of California'
and all prosecutions shall be conduct
ed in their name and by their au
thority."
In whatever terms the failure of the
board to pass the ordinance In Febru
ary may be characterized, such fail
ure, aside from the rights of a party
who may compel action by the board,
is an offense against the entire State;,
and not against any Individual, and
under the above provision of the con
stitution the legislature has not the
power to authorize a prosecution for
such offense at the instance of any in
dividual.
Moreover, irrespective of these con
siderations, the plaintiff herein is in
no respect an "interested party" at
whose instance the penalty may be
imposed. He alleges In his complaint
as the basis of his right to maintain
the action "that said plaintiff is a citi
zen of the United States and of the
State of California, and is and for
many years last past has been a resi-
dent taxpayer, householder and free
holder within the said city and
county, and a user and consumer
of the water sold and distrib
uted and supplied by the Spring
Valley Water Works, a corpo
ration as hereinafter set forth, to
said city and county and the inhab
itants thereof, and therefore is in
terested in the rates of compensation
collected and to be collected by said
corporation for the use of water so
supplied and to be supplied to said
city and county of San Francisco and
the inhabitants thereof."
If it be assumed from the allegation
that he Is a user and consumer of wa
ter, and that he is also a rate-payer,
It does not follow that he has any in
terest which authorizes a prosecu
tion of the board for its alleged offense.
It cannot be said that one citizen of
the State or of the city mors
than another is Interested in having
a penalty Inflicted for delinquency in
official duty, and the use of the term
"party interested" rather than "per
son" in the above section of the stat
ute indicate that the Legislature in
tended the "suit" to be instituted by
one who had some personal and indi
vidual interest In the subject-matter,
who had been injuriously affected
by the failure to pass the ordinance.
It is shown by the record herein that
on the 2d of June, 1897, the Board of
Supervisors did pass an ordinance fix-
Ing the rates to be collected during
the year commencing on the Ist of
July succeeding, and, as the present
action was not commenced until the
15th of July the plaintiff was rot at
that time a "party" In any respect
Interested by reason of the failure of
the board to fix the rates In Febru
ary.
We have seen that an ordinance fix-
Ing rates which is not passed until
after February is as valid for the
purpose of determining the rates to
be collected as though passed in the
month of February, and that the rate
payer is not Interested in the time at
which the ordinance is passed, pro
vided there 1p at all times a legal or
dinance under which he can know
whether the amount demanded for the
water supplied to him is correct. Prior
to .Tt;!y 1. 1897, the rates to be paid by
the plaintiff for the water supplied tc
him were fixed by the ordinance that
had been passed in the previous year,
and on and after July 1 they were
fixed and capable of ascertainment by
the ordinance passed on the 2d of Juno.
It is not claimed that this ordinance
is m any respect Illegal, defective or
unjust, and. as the plaintiff was not.
therefore, in any respect injuriously
affected by the failure of the board to
pass the ordinance in February, he
was not an interested party wlth'a
the meaning of the statute, and had no
authority to institute the present p:o
ceeding. The court, therefore, when
these facts were brought to its atten
tion, should have dismissed the pro
ceeding.
The judgment and order denying a
new trial are reversed an d the Su
perior Court is directed to enter an or
dex dismissing the proceeding.
HARRISON, J.
We concur:
VAN FLEET. J.,
BEATTT, C. J.,
HENSHAW, J.,
TEMPLE. J.,
McFARLAND, J.
CONCURRING OPIMON.
I have not concerned myself in the
consideration of the question as to
•whether or not Fitch is a proper party
to inaugurate this proceeding. My
conclusion rests upon the broad prop
osition that the act is unsound legis
lation and should be so declared.
"When this case was here some time
ago upon a preliminary proceeding, I
had occasion to investigate the law
bearing upon it, and gave my views
in a few words as to the proper con
struction of the statute under which
this proposition is based. (Morton vs.
Brodericjt. 118 Cal., 487.) At that time
I thought that the charge was essen
tially criminal, and. being so, no law
could stand which punished innocent
office holders because some other of
fice holders may have been guilty of
malfeasance in office. Upon such
construction the law impressed me as
violative of fundamental principles
and necessarily unconstitutional. The
time intervening since that decision
was rendered has only served to more
firmly convince me of the soundness
of the views I then expressed.
As a civil proceeding, the judgment
rendered can only stand upon the the
ory that the act of the Legislature
upon which the proceeding was based
is in the nature of an act fixing the
tenure of office of the various public
officers of the State, whose duties un
der thia statute demand the fixing of
water rates in the month of February
of each year. Such a construction of
the statute cannot be assented to for
a moment. It is not an act purport
ing to fix or regulate the term of of
fice, but, rather, an act to punish cer
tain public officers for violation of of
ficial duty by depriving them of the
remaining portion of their terms of of
fice. There is an express provision in
law declaring the official term of these
officers to be two years. Construing
this act as a tenure of office act would
place it in direct opposition to this
express declaration of the law. This
statute was enacted under express
authority and direction of that pro
vision of the constitution of the State
which declared that the Legislature
may prescribe penalties for a failure
upon the part of Boards of Supervis
ors to fix water rates In the month of
February. How can it now be held
that the Legislature, in pursuance of
such authority, granted by the consti
tution, passed an act fixing the tenure
of office of the Supervisors of the
State? If such be the character and
purpose of the act, it is neither au
thorized nor in line with this author
ity granted by the constitution.
The fair, reasonable and proper con
struction of the act is that the Legis
lature, in pursuance of the authority
and direction of the constitution, pre
scribed a penalty for failure of the
Supervisors to fix water rates at re
moval from office. This act would
have been no more criminal in charac
ter if the Legislature had prescribed
the penalty for failure to fix the rates
at imprisonment in the County Jaii
for six months, or at a fine of $500. It
must bn conceded by every one that
the Judgment of removal from offlc« is
a penalty. Yet all must recognize the
fact that a penalty ia but a punish
ment Inflicted upon a wrongdoer. A
party wholly guiltless cannot be made
to suffer penalty. And, if this removal
from office is a punishment to be in
flicted upon an officer for non-perform
ance of official duty, then this act is
certainly not one pertaining to the ten
ure of office.
The Legislature has the power to fix
the tenure of office of the various
county and municipal officers, and in
the exercise of such power may de
clare the expiration of the term to
take place upon the happening of some
future event, which may or may not
happen; but, if such event does hap
pen, the office-holder goes out of office
because his term of office has expired
under the law. His term has expired
as absolutely as though the day fixed
for its expiration had been known at
all times. But there is no semblance
of penalty suffered by the office-holder
in such a case; no punishment Is in
flicted upon him. In other words, if
the removal from office attaches as a
penalty to the office-holder, the aot au
thorizing the removal can in no sense
be treated as an act relating to the
tenure of office. Again, there Is noth
ing in the act In any way indicating
that it was the purpose of the Legis
lature to legislate as to the tenure of
office of members of the Boards of
Supervisors of the State. To the con
trary, every paragraph and almost
every line of the act indicates that the
Legislature Intended by its provisions
to punish Supervisors by removal from
office for failure to fix water rates In
the month of February. The phrase
"guilty of malfeasance in office," and
"upon conviction," found In the act
are not harmless, Innocent terms, and
would bo found in n« act dealing with
tenure of office. The attention of the
court has been called to no act In this
State or elsewhere of general similar
Import, which has ever been construed
THE SA^T FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18. 189fr.
as an act relating to the tenure of of
fice. It is assumed there is none.
A judgment that these Supervisors
have been guilty of malfeasance In of
fice—and such is the judgment required
to be entered by the act itself— cannot
be justified under a purely innocent
act relating to the tenure of office.
It is substantially conceded by coun
sel for respondent that, if the statute
is essentially penal, and the action es
sentially criminal, then this judgment
cannot stand. That it is an act penal
in character; that it is an act essen
tially and directly aimed at the pun
ishment of Supervisors for the non
performance of official duty must be
conceded. Many reasons are based
largely upon the peculiar character of
procedure to be followed. It is only
necessary to say that every reason
suggested was carefully considered in
the very recent case of Kilburn vs.
Law, 111 CaL, 239, a case involving an
attempt to remove the Bank Commis
sioners from office for the non-per
formance of official duty. A single dif
ference divides the two cases— the
fact that the prosecution was there
commenced under section 772 of the
Penal Code, and here brought under a
general statute of the State. This dif
ference is wholly insignificant. In that
case it was declared that the proceed
ing was criminal, although it bore
substantially all the marks of a civil
action found in this case. As indicat
ing that the particular character of
procedure to be followed in a case like
the present does not brand its char
acter as either a criminal or civil ac
tion, it is sufficient to say that the
constitution of the State, article IV,
section 18. after providing for the im
peachment of various State officers,
declares "all other civil officers shall
be tried for misdemeanor in office in
such manner as the Legislature may
provide." It is thus apparent that the
doors are loft wide open by the con
stitution for the Legislature to provide
for the trial of municipal officers for
misdemeanor In oflice in any way that
body may see fit. I'nder the very
terms of the constitution the power of
the Legislature in such matters is ex
clusive and supreme.
In conclusion, we find the principles
Involved in this case covered as by a
blanket in the case of Marks. 45 Cal.
I!>4. That -case, as authority, has stood
for a quarter of a century, quoted
and approved by this court upon many
occasions. It \vr>s the unanimous de
cision of the court, a court composed
of eminent jurists. Marks, a Harbor
Commissioner, was charged at the
instigation of a private citizen with
neglect of official duty under an act
of the Legislature passed in ISSS. In
all essentials the constitution of the
State at that time was the same as we
find it now. In its opinion the court
In that case, defining" the scope of the
act, declared: "It is provided In sub
stance in the act of 1863 that any per
son holding any office in this State,
who shall neglect to perform his offi
cial duty aecordin to law, shall be de
prived of his office." It will thus be
Observed that the act is mild and
bland-Hke in Its language as com
pared to the act Involved in this case;
but at the same time it is equally ap
parent that it is Identical in principle.
After exhaustive argument and con
sideration, the court there laid down
certain principles "f law which are
absolutely controlling here. It was
first decided that neglect of official
duty amounted at common law to an
impeachable misdemeanor in office,
and upon conviction the officer must
be removed. It Is next declared:
"There can be no doubt that the case
made by the complainant is one di
rectly within the provisions of the act
of 1853. Thnt act was designed to af
ford a remedy of a summary character
against office-holders who were guilty
of extortion or neglect in the perform
ance of official duty, and the case of
Marks Is brought by the complaint
within the latter category." It is next
declared: "The act of 1868 does provide
how, in what manner, upon what pro
cedure-, in what court, officers not of
the first chiss shall be tried for that
misdemeanor In office known at com
mon law and recognized In this stat
ute as neglect of official duty. The
power of the Legislature to enact
such a statute (under the latter clause
of section 18), is plain— as obvious as
Is the power of the Assembly to pre
fer and that of the Senate to try arti
cles of impeachment under the llrst
clause of the. same section."
It is next declared: "The power to
remove certain officers for misdemean
or in office is exercised only by the As
sembly and Senate under the name of
Impeachment. The like power to re
move all other officers under like cir-
cumstances and for like causes is to
I- i xerclsed in such manner as the
Legislature may provide."
The power to provide the manner in
which a delinquent is to be tried in
the second case is on a footing with
the power to directly remove the de
linquent by the judgment of the Sen
ate In the first case. "In conclusion,
and as absolutely controlling this
whole question," the court declares
"it Is the exercise by the District
Court of the power to remove from
office upon conviction had, which is,
in fact, the power of Impeachment,
and Is Impeachment in every respect
except the mere form of procedure
pursued."
It Is thus apparent that the pro
ceeding in the present case upon prin
ciple and authority is in all material
respects a proceeding to Impeach
these municipal officers for a non
performance of official duty, by a pro
cedure laid down by the Legislature
under direct authority from the con.
stltution; for that authority declares
that these officers may be "tried for
misdemeanor in office In such manner
as the Legislature may provide." The
act before us provides a manner of
trial for such officers. The proceed
ings under this act being in the na
ture of impeachment, it only remains
to be said that the impeachment of a
public officer for non-performance of
official duty is the highest form of
criminal action.
By this act of the Legislature non
performance of official duty In fixing
water rates in the month of Febru
ary is declared to be malfeasance In
office. The Supervisors, under au
thority of this act, and by the Judg
ment of the trial court. In effect have
been Impeached for malfeasance In
office. The act provides that all Su
pervisors comprising the board, inno
cent and guilty alike, must suffer such
penalty of impeachment. In this very
case the trial court declared that some
of these defendants were wholly in
nocent of any violation of the law,
and yet, in the fact of that fact, re
moved them from office. The Legis
lature has no power to pass an act
visiting these serious consequences
upon innocent m_n. and, as a neces
sary result, any act attempting to en
force such a power is unconstitutional.
A determination as to the exact limits
of the power of the Legislature In de
claring what acts of the individual
shall constitute a crime is an interest
ing and possibly difficult question,
considered in the light of the consti
tution. But there is no difficulty In
declaring, In the light of the constitu
tion, that a Legislature has no power
to say that one man wholly innocent
Is guilty of crime and shall be pun
ished because another man fails to
perform his official duty. The power
of' the Legislature reaches no such
limit. It cannot be done under our
form of government. I shall not con
cern myself in pointing out the par.
tlcular provision of the constitution
forbidding it. I find It between the
lines. The whole spirit of the instru
ment denies the right to do It.
I concur in tht judgment and order
of reversal GAROUTTE, J. .
SPANIARDS
ARE STILL
BLUSTERING
Say They Would Have
Kept on Fighting.
IF THEY HAD ONLY KNOWN
YARNS ABOUT THE AMERICAN
ARMY MAY CAUSE DELAY.
Vicious Attacks on the War Depart
ment Followed by Spain's At
tempt to Get Bid of the
Cuban Debt.
Special Dispatch to The Coll.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 17.—Informa
tion has reached the War Department
that a high officer of the Spanish army
very recently made the statement that
had the Spaniards been aware of the
condition of the American army, its in
ability to withstand the hardships of
campaign, its lack of medical and other
supplies and general inefficiency, as
told in the American papers, the Span
iards would not have given up, but
would have continued the fighting for
a long time to come, fully believing
that they would have been able to pre
vent the cap.ture of Cuba by American
arms. This statement is known to
have been made to the American offi
cers now in Cuba, and causes some un
easiness in official circles, as it may
mean that the Spaniards are not yet
ready to yield the island under the
terms of the protocol.
It Is also asserted that Madrid was
aware when it asked for peace and
when negotiations were opened that it
was useless to ask that the Cuban debt
be taken into consideration by the
American commission, and that it is
only since the reports of the bad condi
tion of the United States army that the
question has been raised.
The matter has been discussed in the
War Department, and it is probable
that when the troops are sent to Cuba
there will be a force of such size and
character as to give the islanders a
different impression of the United
States soldiers than they now enter
tain.
"The impression among the Spaniards
in Cuba," said an officer in a position
to know what is going on, "is that the
American soldiers are weak and puny,
incapable of withstanding hardship
and whom it will be an easy matter to
vanquish. Thlfi feeling may make it
difficult for the Americans at itrst.
Trtiis impression is due to the charges
that have been made against the War
Department with such virulence and
insistence during the past few months."
STARS AND STRIPES
TO BE RAISED TO-DAY
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO, Oct.
I".— The filial ceremony in the delivery
of the island and the raising of the
United States flag upon the Captain
General's palace, El Moro, and the pub
lic buildings of San Juan will take place
at noon to-morrow. There will bo spe
cial music. All the consular oilicers
and city councils have received invita
tions.
The United States cruiser Newark Is
daily expected. The New Orleans sailed
to-day for the United States. Two bat
teries of the Fifth Regiment Artillery
arrived to-day on transports from
Pence. They were followed by the
Eleventh Regiment Infantry from
Mayagdez and Arecibo. Thla regiment
will garrison San Juan.
The Sixth Immune Regiment, under
Colonel Tyson, is debarking to-day and
is being sent by train to relieve regu
lars.
Four companies go to towns between
San Juan and Arecibo, four to Arecibo
and another four to towns west of Are
cibo. The few Spanish guards now re
maining at San Juan are quartered to
gether.
General Brooke's headquarters are
being removed to the city proper.
SYNDICATE FORMING TO
BUY UP CUBAN BONDS
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Oor
<Son Bennett.
MADRID, Oct. 17.— 1t is regarded
here as a good sign that a large Anglo-
American syndicate is being formed to
buy up Cuban bonds. This, of course,
is interpreted as evidence that a satis
factory arrangement is at hand. Cuban
bonds were up seven and a half points,
and to-day's Bourse was buoyant.
There is good reason for supposing that
the big cannon mounted at Havana
will fall to Americans.
CUBAN DEBT NOW
BEING CONSIDERED
PARIS, Oct. 17.— The American Peace
Commissioners held their usual morn
ing session and entered upon the sixth
Joint session at 2 o'clock this after
noon.
The Commissioners will meet again
on Wednesday next.
During to-day's session the Commis
sioners were occupied with the consid
eration of the Spanish presentation of
Tuesday last and the American answer
submitted on Friday relating to Cuba
and the debt of the island.
The Spaniards will next doubtless re
ply in writing, the conclusion of the
subject soon following.
The interchanges regarding Cuba are
now so advanced that the Spaniards
will not fail to understand the United
States' determination not to assum*
any part of the so-called Cuban debt
of $400,000,000. It should not, however,
be understood that the Americans, dur
ing the course of the treaty, have been
unmindful of certain local burdens, like
the municipal obligations of the Cuban
cities, railroad and kindred properties,
local and permanent, which may be
provided for.
FOR CONCLUDING A
"HUMILIATING PEACE"
BAYONNE, France, Oct. 17.— Advices
received here from Madrid point to ef-
fervescence in military circles of the
club where members are severely criti-
cizing the Government for concluding
what they term a "humiliating peace,"
and some of them even suggest the es
tablishment of a military dictatorship
under the present dynasty.
The officials at Madrid deny the re
port current on the continent that Cap
tain General Blanco has resigned.
CIVIL BRANCH OF
THE GOVERNMENT
RULES HONOLULU
Disgraceful Martial Law Incident
Causes tt)e Police to Be More
Active.
Asiatic Paupers to WorK oq PlantatioQS Yet
Being Rushed to the Hawaiian
Islands.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Oct. 10.— In a measure
the unfortunate and disgraceful martial
law incident In which Lieutenants
Wheelock an. Merriam participated a
few days ago has been beneficial in re
sults, for it has stirred up the civil
branch of the government to a rather
better sense of its duties and respon
sibilities. Hitherto the police authori
ties have given the boys of the army
and navy considerable latitude by mak
ing a liberal anowance for the frailties
of human nature under the conditions
which the war has imposed upon young
men fresh from college or the counting
house and receiving their paltry pit
tances after weary waiting and, in com
parison with their but recently aban
doned careers, worrying hardships. The
temptation to indulge a little too freely
was regarded as only natural, and tak
ing them in the mass the boys did not
overabuse the privilege half as much
as do the merchant sailors of foreign
or American vessels. In fact, all praise
is due to that portion of the American
army and navy who have visited Hono
lulu for their general behavior, which
surpasses most European garrisons and
seaport cities that I have visited. But
the Merriam-Wheelock episode put a
different complexion upon matters, for
the manner in which it was handled by
the military authorities gave consider
able dissatisfaction to civilians as well
as the military. Here, said one and all,
General King does not even publicly
reprimand Lieutenant Merriam, the
actual ringleader in the escapade, but
actually invites him to dinner the next
evening, and why? Because no formal
complaint was made against him by
the civil authorities, and although he
was in uniform and threatening people
with his revolver, he was not on duty.
"Ah!" remark the malcontents, "had
he not been the son of a favorite gen
eral and a Presidential appointee to the
staff his conduct as unbecoming an of
ficer and a gentleman would not have
been so favorably overlooked."
It can readily be imagined that there
were foolish fellows prompt to take ad
vantage of lax discipline and anxious
to encouruge disturbance for fun's sake.
They tried it an evening or two after
the episode and were "run in" and fined
lightly, but sent with a message to
Camps McKinley and Otis from Judge
Luther Wilcox to the effect that he and
the Marshal (chief of police) were fully
determined that Honolulu should not be
considered a "Jay town" by the mili
tary or civilians; they were perfectly
prepared to protect the town and pre
serve order ai. I the first men brought
before him, be they officers or privates,
regulars .or volunteers, would receive
the full benefit of the law. On Satur
day night in anticipation of a possible
fracas the Marshal told his men to
"stand no nonsense," and the splendid
police force was armed and kept in
readiness with the foreseen result that
the Sabbath morn was ushered in
peacefully and quietly and the soldiers
were sleeping the warrior's rest in
camp. Marshal Brown, Captain Robert
Parker Waipa and Judge Luther Wil
cox are very quiet men tn repose, but
they are "ugly" when aroused, and the
kanaka policemen arc heavily built and
dread nought of men, full of muscle and
grit and excellently well drilled as well
as trained marksmen. We shall have
peace hereafter in town without the aid
of the mounted military pickets, but it
is hardly fair to court-martial privates
In camp for getting drunk on "swipes"
and ignore misconduct of officers in our
public streets.
General King investigated the case of
Lieutenant Wheelock and suspended
that officer. The findings will be sent
to Washington for further action. Lieu
tenant Wheelock is brought in for
much of the blame by General King for
the reason that he was provost mar
shal. Lieutenant Merriam was off
duty. It is held that Wheelock should
have arrested Merriam for disorderly
conduct, if such was shown. In place
of that, Wheelock loaned himself and
the men under him to the riot started
by Merriam.
First Lieutenant A. W. Mather of the
New York regiment was yesterday
morning appointed provost marshal to
succeed Wheelock.
The health of the soldiers remains
fairly good, although there are 107
cases in the military hospital, and the
intention is to enlarge it, as the de
mand for room is greater than the ac
commodation; but the location, now
that the damp season is approaching,
is not as healthy as it should be. Un
happily another death must be record
ed that of Private William de Frain,
a regular in the Eighteenth United
States Infantry, who died of pneumo
nia on the Bth inst., and was buried
from St. Andrew's Cathedral (Episco
palian) this afternoon. He was born
in Hazleton, Pa., and was only 18 years
of age.
On the sth inst. a requiem mass was
celebrated by the Bishop of Panopolis
at the Roman Catholic Cathedral, for
the repose of the souls of the dead who
died during the war. It was attended
by upward of 600 of the men frpm
Camps McKinley and Otis, in command
of Captain Sheahan of Company L,
First New York. The services were
most impressive and the decorations
chaste and beautiful. The ladies of
the congregation provided a luncheon
for the boys In blue in the mißsion
grounds at the conclusion of the ser
vices.
The Doric brought to-day another
batch of 5000 Japanese laborers, mak
ing about 2000 within the last fortnight
or so, with another thousand or 1500
on the way. We have also had a batch
of 365 Galicians and the first small de
tachment of fourteen California "farm
ers" to work on the co-operative sys
tem. As one of those who cannot see
the difference "twixt tweedledum and
tweedledee in absolutely prohibiting- the
importation of Chinese laborers, while
the Japanese are swarming in without
any restriction whatever, except the
planters' will, it may be of interest to
your readers if I present you with the
latest ingenious move on the part of the
Asiatic laborers' importing agencies.
The document was not intended to fall
into my hands, but it has reached me
nevertheless through a kind friend who
prefers none but white labor, if it were
attainable. It is as follows:
To the Planters — Gentlemen: I submit
the accompanying prospectus for the con
sideration of your firm and all planters.
The expenses attending the performing
of the proposition is considerable, as we
have found out in introducing Man
churians, so that in order to make it an
object 700 or 1000 must be applied for In
order to make It a shipload. The steamer
must be chartered to go to Korea and
come to Honolulu.
As the Japanese Government will not
allow of the preliminary quarantining be
ing done in Kobe, Japan, and as the ex
pense will be considerable to have the
steamer go to Shanghai or Hongkong, it
will be well to waive this and have it all
done here, unless this Government ap
points some one to perform the duties in
Korea.
But I see no reason why it should not
all be done here. * • •
The prospectus reads thus:
KOREAN LABORERS.
, Agent: I am prepared, as agent for
, who have Introduced a small number
of Manchurlans into this country, to re
cruit any number of Koreans needed by
the planters. Such laborers will be care
fully selected and examined by a n
responslble physician. The laborers will
be agricultural laborers, accompanied by
hi ad men, who will do the interpreting
and look after the welfare of the men
First— Passage money to be for each
laborer $50 in United States gold.
Second— Wages per month $12 50 in
United States gold.
Third— All expenses incurred after ar
rival to be borne by the planter or em
ployer, such as hospital fees, photo
graphing, etc.
Fourth— Laborers will be provided with
the usual unfurnished lodgings, fuel,
meilical and other necessary attentions
free of charge: Planters to pay all per
sonal taxfS of the laborers.
Fifth— Planters to retain $2 per month
from each laborer for a period of two
years, and by them turned over to the
undersigned, to be deposited by him in a
bank of savings for the purpose of return
passage.
Sixth— Contracts to be for a term of
three years.
Seventh— Twenty-six days of ten hours
each actual work in the field and twelve
hours each in and about the sugar mill
to constitute one month's service as a
laborer; overtime at the rate of 10 cents
ptr hour. Orders will be taken for no less
than 700.
When one sees in these beautiful and
fertile islands the great efforts that are
made to populate them with the earth s
most ancient and yet most benighted
coolie races at the expense of and to
the prejudice of the Caucasian race, he
feels inclined to abandon tht contest
and to drift into the missionary broth
erhood of man vein, and to regard the
whole matter as. one of Provider) c's
plans to bring the mountain to Mo
hammed for the purpose of evangeliza
tion, civilization and learning the Eng
lish language, so that eventually we
may sing, "In all things and in lan
guage, brothers, let us be one." But
the more practical man asks what kind
of American citizens are these hybrid
denizens of Hawaii going to make, al
most womanless and only fit for brut
ish labor. Without some tremendous
effort we shall drift eventually into a
population of semi-slave owners, with
a system of legitimatized slavery un
der the banner of boasted freedom, and
who will be responsible for it all?
Surely the party in power who won
their giory by freeing the slaves.
But, to change the subject, our party
in power, our executive, led, it is un
derstood by President Dole himself,
has been having a hard time of it for
the past fortnight. Ever since an
nexation, and more especially since the
arrival of the Congressional Commis
sioners, they have been inspired by a
mischievous and dangerous spirit of dic
tatorial meddling with the people's
rights, as if all power had been shorn
from the people and vested in them
selves. Perhaps the most important
point in which they have fallen coun
ter to the wishes of the majority of
their old supporters is in connection
with the liquor license for saloons. The
last Legislature decided that a certain
number of licenses should be issued
throughout the islands for the sale of
light wines and beers in addition to the
ordinary licenses. Even these were so
arranged that they will be practically
inoperative in remedying the evils they
were mainly aimed at, the illicit and
the Sunday traffic in liquor, both of
which are shamelessly carried on. But
quite gratuitously, while the granting
of these were being considered, the
President and the Attorney General
suddenly sprang a scheme to compel
all saloon keepers, when they renewed
their licenses, to keep an open house
by removing all door screens, side en
trances, etc., and to supply all refresh
ments in one room with the consumer
to be standing up at the bar in the
eyes of all passing through the public
streets.
The only reason given for this arbi
trary ruling was that it would promote
temperance and law and order. The
saloon men naturally rebelled and em
ployed ex-Ministers Hatch and Thurs
ton as their agents before the executive
and the entire press bullied the govern
ment. In to-day's discussion it was as
certained that Ministers Cooper and
King were opposed to the project, while
it was favored by President Dole and
Attorney General Smith, and then came
the fun, for Minister Damon, who had
been playing- to the gallery by inform
ing the liquor men that he should vote
for them, said that he thought he
should have to vote with the President.
No vote, however, was taken as the
President suggested that the matter
should be deferred until after his return
from Hawaii, whither he goes to-mor
row morning.
Our adaptable ex-Minister of Foreign
Affairs has been varying his mutifari
ous duties by sitting as an Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court, In pre
paration, presumably, for again acting
as President during Mr. Dole's absence
in Washington, whither, I understand,
he goes to join his fellow commissioners
shortly. Commissioner Frear expects
to leave by the Doric in the morning
with a vast amount of material for his
colleagues. The date of Mr. Dole's de
parture has not yet been made public.
His many friends in the United States
will be grieved to learn that Judge E.
G. Hitchcock of Hllo Is rapidly nearing
his end. He is more popularly known
as the Marshal during- the troublous
times of 1895, when he earned for him
self the very appropriate cognomen of
the "Holy Terror."
The Doric brought this morning the
sad news of the death of Mr. Fuju,
formerly Japanese Consul at York
and San Francisco and subsequently
Consul General and Minister resident in
this country, where he was most highly
esteemed In official and social circles.
CORONER CALLS
ROLL OF DEAD
Inquiry Into Wreck of
the Mohegan Begun.
LONDON MANAGER TESTIFIES
SAYS THE STEAMER WAS IN THE
FINEST CONDITION.
Contradicted by a Passenger, Who
Claims That the Life Boats
"Vv ere Not Properly
Arranged.
Special. Dispatch to The Call.
FALMOUTH, Oct. 17.— The inquest in
connection with the wreck of the Mo
hegan began this morning at St. Ke
verine, because it was necessary for
mally to identify the dead there. The
survivors, many of them wounded and
carrying their arms in slings, were
obliged to ride twenty miles over the
roughest roads from Falmouth. The
Coroner expressed his sympathy.
The roll of the dead was then called.
One woman's body was claimed by two
families. Other bodies had no identifi
cation.
A. S. Williams, the company's Lon
don manager, testified, describing the
ship as in the finest condition. He said
they had rebuilt her boilers on her first
voyage, and had withdrawn her from
one trip, devoting several weeks to re
pairing her machinery, which was per
fectly adjusted. He described the offi
cers of the Mohegan in the highest
terms, laying stress on the abstemi
ousness of Captain Griffiths. Speaking
of the crew, Mr. Williams said: "We
know that the crew did all they could
to save the passengers."
Richard Kelly, a passenger— There
was not an officer on the deck when the
crews were trying to get out the boat.
The only officers I saw were Captain
Griffiths and another on the bridge.
.Mr. Williams— l can prove that all
the officers were on deck and were aid
ing to get out the boats.
Mr. Kelly insisted that the boats were
improperly arranged, being surround
ed by rail in era instead of swung on dav
its, so that they were with difficulty
launched.
Mr. Williams contended that the
launching of four boats in twenty min
utes was good work.
The Coroner adjourned the inquest
for a week to secure the attendance of
a nautical expert representing the
Board of Trade.
After the adjournment. Mr. Kelly
complained that only members of the
crew had been summoned to testify.
The Coroner replied that he would be
very glad to hear the experiences of the
passengers. In response, Mr. Kelly
with others, protested inability to re
main for an adjourned hearln- '» week
later, offering to u-stify immediately.
The Coroner declared that this was out
of the question.
The total number of bodies recovered
up to midnight is 58.
Two Bodies Identified.
FALMOUTH, Oct. 17.— The bodies *f
Mrs. Faring and Miss Saunders have
been Identified.
SEVEN THOUSAND MILES
IN AN OPEN BOAT
VICTORIA, Oct. 17.— 0n the sealing
schooner Viva, which arrived this morn
ing, arc throe Scandinavians who have
made the trip from Lake Bennett, Alaska,
via St. Michael in an open boat, a dis
tance of 7000 miles.
News is received of the appointment of
E C. Senkler, a barrister of Nelson, B. C,
as Gold Commissioner of the Yukon, suc
ceeding Faucett.
"Denver Ed" Smit... the well-known pu
gilist, who was recently reported killed,
arrived here to-day from Dawson.
HUDYAN BID IT
Yes, HUDYAN i 3 the true nerve-builder.
Many men and women- are ready to testify
to that. HUDYAN did it. HUDYAN does
do. -HUDYAN cures. v Just as certain as
you are a foot high, so certain will HUDYAN
cure you. . '.. ■ ' -*
HUDYAN cures Nervous Weakness, Men-
tal Depression, Hysteria, 1 Numbness, Tremb-
ling, Neuralgia; Rheumatism, Pains in the
Shoulder,' Pains. Up and Down the Backbone. .
HUDYAN : cures Nervousnes3, Melancholia, ■ ■
Nervous Debility, Exhausted Nerve Vitality.
HUDYAN cures Sleeplessness, Palpitation of
the Heart, Sick Headache,- Indigestion, Losa
of Appetite. HUDYAN cures. Call or
write'; for free \ circulars. :
DUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Stockton and Market Sta.
BAN FRANCISCO, CAI* ..- v ■■- 
Ely's Cream^Bii|^S3|"
Cleanses the Nasal B^%AS^2l ■
Passages, flllays Pain W^J^'LJ^m
Inflammatloi), g^W-EEVEQ \\j)g Jw J&
Restores the Senses of K^ <vs£^M
Taste aod.Sn)ell. $5 > ■*Wf£M
MEfILS THE SORES. i«*^ " "*J«
Apply Balm into each nos- *&Cffl \^*z£§*j&E&
tril. ELY BKOS., s<i W^rrea ■P\^^Ci^SS
' = Use -,.:':. f*^
Facial Soap s^/ Cream.
The Grandest Toilet -Combination known for
the skin, complexion and teeth la Woodbury'«
Facial Soap. Facial Cream and Facial and
Tooth Fowder. The daily use of these article*
will protect ! a fair complexion and cure a bad '
skin.BLIZZARDS IN
THE NORTH AND
MIDDLE WEST
Fury of the Elements Does Great
Dan)age ar)d Paralyzes
Wires aod Traffic.
In the City of Chicago Jubilee Arches Are
Blown Down and Many Pedestrians
Injured.
CHICAGO. Oct. 17 —The storm which
raped in Chicago and over the entire
Mississippi Valley to-day was one of
x the most remarkable ever brought to
* notice either by the National Weather
Bureau or the "'oldest inhabitant," not
only for its wide range, but its in-
tensity.
It was accompanied by a remarkable
fall of the mercury and wind that
toward nightfall attained a velocity of
sixty-three miles an hour, which in this
city blew down the commemorative
arches and otherwise worked havoc
with the Peace Jubilee decorations.
Five of the immense arches were razed,
causing a cessation of traffic in several
business streets and Injuring many
pedestrians, two fatally, who were In
the way of the flying timbers.
Omaha, Kansas City, St. Louis, Dal
las, Dcs Moines, Sioux City, St. Paul,
Milwaukee and other "Western and
Northwestern points report great rain- j
falls, high winds and prevalent cold.
Nebraska is probably the worst suf
ferer.
The blizzard raged over the entire
State a great part of the day. The
snowfall was so heavy that all trains j
are late, and for hours all telegraphic j
communication with the East was cut
Off. Fully a foot of snow fell, and as
it is freezing t,neep and cattle will per
ish by the hundreds on the range.
Of the reports received North Platte j
showed a temperature of 34, with no
precipitation and clearing weather;
Dodge City. Kans., 32 decrees, with a
killing frost; Santa Fe had 34 degrees,
killing frost and clear; Cheyenne. Den- ]
ver and Pueblo each bad 2t> depiv-s,
with clear weather, and Sioux City re
ported a forty-mile wind and cloudy
•weather.
A dispatch from Dallas, Texas, says:
Northern and Central Texas have been :
swept by a howling blizzard for twen- i
ty-four hours. The mercury has fallen
approximately 50 degrees during that
time, and indications are for more se- •
vere weather. So far the blizzard has
been what is known as a "dry north
er," but reports to-night state rain and |
sleet are approaching from the north,
and have reached Little Rock.
The last growth of the top crop of
cotton is in danger of being destroyed,
but even at. that the crop will reach
close to the 3.000.000 bale mark.
At Leavenworth. Kans., the camp of
the Twenty-second Kansas Volunteers
was wrecked by the storm of rain and
enow." '
Nearly all the tents were blown down
a.nd the soldiers were permitted to come
to the city to seek shelter. The cook-
Ing and provisions tents were among
the first to go. and all rations are
aoaked. It was impossible to prepare
breakfast and most of the soldiers are
without money to buy meals.
The unexpec' d snowstorm hit all the
army posts in the Department of the
Missouri very hard. The volunteer sol
diers, equipped only with summer
clothing, were in no condition to meet
Tthe cold weather. The Second Nebraska
Regiment, stationed at Fort Omaha, is
better off than most of the volunteers
in the department as they enjoy the
shelter of substantial barracks.
At St. Paul a blizzard is raging to
night that promises to greatly hamper
•ailway traffic.
Reports from Fargro indicate the ap
/roach of a cold wave, anu cattlemen
|»ar the losses of herds, without warn-
Uig, after several beautiful Indian sum
mer days.
All records of the Kansas City
Weather Bureau were broken by the
6torm, which began early in the morn-
Ing and lasted throughout the day.
Such a storm is such an unsual occur
rence at this time of the year that it
found the people of the city unprepared
and much discomfort, if not sufferine.
has been the result.
The greatest suffering reported has
been among the men of the Third and
Fifth Regiments of Missouri Volun
teers, who are now f-ncamped at Fair
mount Park, where they are to be mus
tered out this we^k. The high wind
which has prevailed has made it ab
solutely Impossible to keep anything
dry Inside the tents, and the soldiers
ire in a sorry plight.
SOLDIERS' TENTS RAZED
NEAR KANSAS CITY
KANSAS CITY. Oct. 17.— The earliest
winter storm In the Southwest in
rwenty-five years, and the worst early
X itorm ever recorded, almost completely
ihut Kansas City oft* to-day from wire
•ommunication with the South and
fVest and North. An opening to the
East kept the city from being totally
eolated. On the South a slow wire to
Fort Scott, Kane, and Springfield, Mo.,
»vas the limit up to to-night. On the
f^est, Lawrence, Kans., was the farth
est point penetrated up to-night, when
vires were secured to Denver. Up to
t late hour to-night St. Joseph, Mo., is
:he most northern ptrint in direct com
nunicatlon with this city. It has been
•aining for the past twenty-four hours.
Shortly after midnight last night the
-a in turned to snow, and the tempera
ture dropped perceptibly. Steadily
linoe then a heavy wet snow, driven by
Ihp strong north wind, at points reach-
Ing tho velocity of a gale, has fallen.
Hundreds of telegraph and telephone
polr-s out in the open have either been
blown ciuwn by the strong wind or
Dffn bmkpn by the weight of the snow
;overed wires.
At Falrmount Park, near Kansas
it a u d at Leavenworth. Kans..
r *, I- Twenty-first and Twenty
lecond Kansas regiments, respectively,
ire encamps, many tents were blown
Sown and the soldiers made to suffer
« Th L! t o r « t2t 2 ° ame up wlth sreat sud-
Senness and caught many unprepared.
Numerous cases of suffering to man
md beast will doubtless be reported
tvhen communication shall have been
resumed.
Railway traffic, while more or less
hampered, has not been badly inter
erupted as far as can be learned.
SNOW AND A GALE
IN SOUTH DAKOTA
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 17.— Dispatches
Jrom Huron, Watertown and other
Special Dispatch to The Cull.
points in South Dakota say that snow
has been falling throughout the State
all day. The wind blew almost a gale
from the north.
FIRST BLIZZARD OF THE
SEASON FOR ST. LOUIS
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 17.— The first bliz
zard of the season reached St. Louis
to-day. A heavy wind blew all day
and a drizzling rain fell. The rain be
gan last night, changing to sleet in the
early morning hours and then settling
down to a continuous drizzle. Not
wnuch damage has been caused in the
j city outside of the prostration of tele
i graph and telephone wires.
ARRIVAL OF THE STORM
WAS UNEXPECTED
DENVER, Oct. 17.— The Denver of
fice of the Weather Bureau received no
reports to-day from points east of the
Missouri River. Since early this morn
ing Denver has been almost entirely
cut off from communication by wire
with the East owing to the prevalence
of an unusually severe storm of sleet
and rain throughout Kansas and Ne
braska. In Kansas the storm extends
as far East as Manhattan. It Is re
ported to be very severe at Omaha, but
it is not known here how much farther
east it extends.
The storm came unexpectedly, as at
midnight warmer weather was pre
i dieted in those places where rain and
| sleet have since been falling. Of twen
ty-rive Western Union lines usually in
operation between Denver and Omaha
ami Kansas City, only two could be
worked at all to-day. Chicago could
\ be reached only via Ogden, Helena and
St. The Postal Company's wires
are also down.
Passenger* on the incoming eastern
trains, which arrived this afternoon
five or six hours late, report that the
storm is a severe one, that the rails
i are so slippery that extreme caution Is
'■ necessary in running and that snow
plows are doing valiant work.
"The disturbance started in the lat
: ter portion of last week," said Weather
THE PRESIDENT McKINLEY ARCH on State Street, Chicago. The Arch Was Uninjured
by the Furious Wind Storm That Visited That City Yesterday.
Observer Stewart. "The area of low
pressure, which on Friday was central
over the Northwestern States, moved
rapidly to the southeast. On Satur
day and Sunday Denver got a very
small touch of it and it is now ap
parently in the Mississippi Valley."
UNHOUSED CATTLE WILL
SUFFER IN NEBRASKA
LINCOLN, Nebr., Oct. 17.— Snow has
fallen steadily thr"ughout Nebraska
all the day and is still blowing, al
though it has all the marks of a Janu
ary northwester. Farmers and stock
men were unprepared for it and un
housed cattle will suffer.
FOUR MEN KILLED
BY ENGINE EXPLOSION
REAPING, Pa.. Oct. 17.— Four men were
killed by the explosion of a Wilmington
& Northern freight engine at Johanna
station this afternoon. The dead:
William Herfllcker, engineer, aged 50.
George Mills, fireman, aged 35.
Willis Woodward, a brakeman.
Harry Huydam, conductor.
All lived at Birdsboro. this county, and
all were married and leave families, ex
cept Huydam.
Twenty Cases of Smallpox.
ITHACA, N. T., Oct. 17.— There are
twenty cases of smallpox at the neigh
boring village of McLean, and precau
tions have been taken to protect the stu
dents of Cornell University.
THE SA^ FKAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1898.
FOUR OF THE ARCHES Built for the Jubilee in Chicago. Of These the Miles and the
Hobson Arches Were Blown Down -Yesterday.
INTERNATIONAL
POSTAL RATES
Recommendation That
They Be Reduced.
TWO CENTS A HALF OUNCE
NEGOTIATIONS WITH FOREIGN
COUNTRIES URGED.
Third Assistant Postmaster General
Garrett Thinks England Would
Readily Consent to the
Plan.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 17.— Third As
siFtant Postmaster General Garrett, In
his annual report, recommends
negotiations with the postal adminis
trations of England, Germany and
Frence to reduce the international post
age rates to 2 cents a half ounce or
fraction thereof. The report says:
"The administrations named have di
rect or separate postal intercourse to
a large extent with our country and
consequently are more likely to agree
to a change desired than the adminis
trations of inland countries that have
to pay transportation charges to the
seacoast to intermediary nations.
"The English administration, par
ticularly, will probably assent to the
proposed arrangement, for It has but
recently decided to adopt the 2-cent
rate on letters between the British
islands and Canada, as well as other
parts of the empire— the change being
ordered to take effect on the 25th day
of December next.
"The department now realizes noth
ing in the way of revenue from ocean
letters, practically all the postage paid
on them going to the steamship com
panies carrying the mails. If the rate
should be reduced the same state of
things would exist; the department
would still «ret nothing and lose noth
ing, and the steamship companies
would suffer no hardships. The reduc
tion of rate would no doubt eventually,
at least, give them as much compensa
tion in the way of postage as they now
get."
DR. BAZET HONORED.
Elected Corresponding Member of the
College of Urology.
PARIS, Oct. 17.— The Congress of urol
ogy has elected Dr. Louis Bazet of San
Francisco a corresponding member. Dr.
Bazet is a member of the California State
Board of Health and is the first American
physician to bo elected a member of this
Congress.
FRENCH SHIPS
SENT TO TOULON
Confirmation of the Or
der to Fournier.
READY FOR ACTIVE SERVICE
PREPARATIONS THE RESUXT OF
THE FASHODA DISPUTE.
At the Same Time Three British
Ironclads Significantly Engage
in Chin Practice Oil
Bizarta.
Special IMspntch to 'pfce Call.
PARIS. Oct. 17. — Confirmation is
given at the Ministry of Marine of the
report that Admiral Fournier, now at
Tunis, has been ordered to return Im
mediately to Toulon and to prepare
four cruisers for immediate active ser
vice; also that orders have been is-
sued to send the largest possible num
ber of gunners to Brest to man the
forts there. These preparations are
thought to be the result of the Fash
oda dispute with Great Britain.
The papers here say that three Brit
ish Ironclads are engaged in gun prac
tice off Blzarta, the French naval sta
tion in the Mediterranean.
A semi-official note says the state
ments that French warships are being
placed on a war footing and ordered to
Brest are incorrect, and that undue
Importance Is attached to the Incident.
CORBETT WILL TAKE
A TEN DAYS' REST
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— J. J. Corbett left
for West Baden Springs, Ind., to-night,
whore he expects to do a little training
for his fight with Tom Sharkey, which is
scheduled to come off on November 22.
The ex-ohampion will remain at the
springs for at least ten days. He was ac
companied by his sparring partner, Jim
McVey.
"I have been in training now for four
months," Corbett said, "and if I should
continue without a let-up I might go
stale, and th;it would be no excuse if I
were defeated. 1 '
WORK FOR THE NEGROES.
Men From Alabama Employed as
Graders at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 17.— Mayor Ziegenhein
secured work for the Alabama negroes
brought here from Virden, Ills., as grad
ers on the Mobile and Texas Railroad
near St. Louia. They went to work this
afternoon.
INDIANS DO NOT
WANT TO FIGHT
Practical Ending of the
Uprising.
GENERAL BACON S~ REPORTS
SUBMISSION DUE TO DEFEAT BY
REGULARS.
So the Pillagers Who Are Wanted
Agree to Come in and Sur
render by Wednes
day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— Adjutant
General Corbin late to-n»Kht received
the following dispatch from General
Bacon, indicating that the Indian up
rising in Minnesota is practically at an
end:
WALKER. Minn.. Oct. 17.— Adjutant
General, Wash.: At a council with the
hostile Indians to-day the latter said they
wanted no fighting with the United
States soldiers, and agreed to come In
and surrender on Wednesday. This Is
the result of their defeat when engaged
with me on the sth. Commissioner of In
dian Affairs Jones has been shown this
telegram and concurs In the entire fore
going statement.
BACON. Brigadier General.
WALKER, Minn., Oct. 17.— Indian
Commissioner Jones and his party and
the newspaper correspondents who left
on the tug Flora for Black Duck Point
to attend the Indian council this morn
ing passed through one of the severest
storms ever known on Leech Lake.
When they returned a portion of the
deck had been washed away and in at
tempting to land the tug ran into some
sunken timbers. There she hammered
while small boats in the lee of the tug
with great difficulty took those on
board ashore. Thf-re was no end of ex
citement when this was being done, and
some of the small boats narrowly es
caped being wrecked. The Flora ■Rill
go to pieces before morning.
Commissioner Jones' council with the
Indians was significant in that it
marked the practically complete sur
render of the nineteen men whom Mar
shal O'Connor wants. The Marshal and
the military authorities will wait until
after Wednesday or as soon as the In
dians are able to make good their
promises before making any move.
SULTAN AND KAISER
WIRE THEIR GREETINGS
Upon Arriving at the Dardenelles,
Turkish Envoys Welcome the
Germans.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Oct. 17.— The Im
perial yacht Hohenzollern, with the Em
peror and Empress of Germany on board,
arrived at the Dardanelles yesterday.
On the Hohenzollrrn entering the straits
of the Dardanelles she was boarded by
the envoys of the Sultan, who extended in
the name of His Majesty a welcome to
the Emperor. The Sultan and Kaiser ex
changed corciinl telegrams.
LONDON, Oct. 18.— The Alexandria cor
respondent of the Dally Mail denounces
the Inaction of the Italian Consul here,
who has jurisdiction over the Italian an
archists now under arrest and charged
with conspiracy against the life of Em
peror William. The Consul has Impound
ed all documents mid referred tho con
spiracy to Rome, thus blocking the police,
who are anxious 10 ferret it out.
TRAGIC REMEDY
APPLIED BY A HUSBAND
Kills His Insane Wife and Then
Himself — Leaven a Letter of
Explanation.
FLINT, Mich., Oct. 17.— W. P. Murray
of Clinton, lowa, to-day shot and killed
himself and his wife, Harriet, an incura
ble inmate of Oak Drive Asylum, located
here. Their bodies were found in a
grove, where they had gone late in the
afternoon for a walk. Each was shot
through the head.
In Sir. Murray's pocket was found a
letter addressed to the physicians in
charge of the institution, explaining the
reason for this action. He said that the
only way to relieve his wife from her
suffering was to kill her, and that as it
was against the law to do so the only
thing he could do was to shoot himself
also.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— Pensions have
been granted as follows: California—Orig
inal—Jacob Hanswirth, Sun Jose, $12;
John Carroll, Napa, $6- James Ellis
Franklin, $6; George A. Lvans, Los An
geles, $6.
Oregon— Original— Richard Mcßaughrey.
Sllverton, $6. Original widow— it. M.
Ailams, Marquam. $8.
Washington— Reissue— lsaac C. Pratt,
Camas, $8. Original widows— Ella M. An
derson. Rockford, $8; Sophia M. Pollock,
Titcoma, $8.
Dowager Duchess Bobbed.
PARIB, Oct. 17.— The Dowager Duchess
of Sutherland, while on board a train
bound for Calais, lost a satchel contain
ing jewilry worth $150,000. She left the
train at Amiens and returned here to
report her loss to the pollca. It Is be
lieved the satchel was stolen.
PRESIDENT
McKINLEY
Young Women Try
in Vain.
CHIEF EXECUTIVE ESCAPES
EVERYWHERE THERE IsS GREAT
ENTHUSIASM.
After Receiving the -/egpree of Doctor
of Laws Mr. McKinley Is
Given a Bousing Public
Reception.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.— This afternoon
President McKinley, with college and
other dignitaries, marched through
rain, mud and slush to Kent Hall, Uni
versity of Chicago, where, with all due
ceremony, the President was invested in
cap, gold and hood and had conferred
upon him the honorary degree of Doc
tor of Laws.
After the ceremonies at the university '.
the President was escorted through !
Washington Park and up to the I
armory. Nearly the whole distance the
streets were lined with people who
stood In the cold, drizzling rain and
cheered as the President's close car
riage passed by.
At the armory detachments of the
Illinois Naval Reserves, the First Illi
nois Infantry and the Fourth Regiment
Infantry from Fort Sheridan were lined
up with the policemen to assist in pre
serving order. Thousands had gather
ed there to greet the President. The
party entered the armory with the local
reception committee and look places
upon the platform. A tremendous
shout went up from the great crowd in
the building when the President aD
peared.
After Colonel Turner and John M.
Harlem had greeted the President on
behalf of the reception committee the
handshaking started. For an hour and
ten minutes the President shook hands
with the thousands who streamed by
him.
For each one he had a smile and a
word of greeting. During the time a
number of young women tried t'j kiss
the President, but although there were
several narrow escape none of the am
bitious women succeeded. A number of
men and women kissed the President's
hand, however.
When the public reception had closed
the President and his party entered
their carriages and were driven to the
Auditorium Hotel, where they sat down
to a dinner given in their honor by the
Peace Jubilee reception committee.
Later the President met a committee
of Chicago men and promised them he
would address the railway men's mass
meeting at the First Regiment Armory
on Thursday afternoon. Then the Presi
dent left for the McWilliams residence.
He was somewhat fatigued and retired
soon after reaching the house.
The strong wind and rainstorm that
prevailed to-day played havoc with the
Peace Jubilee arches and decorations
Six of the arches, the First Regiment
arch at Van Buren and Michigan ave
nue, the Dewey arch at Monroe and
State, the Evans arch 'at Clark and
Adams streets, the Miles arch at State
and Adams and the Maine arch at
Jackson boulevard and Dearborn
streets, were blown down and badly
damaged.
Three persons were struck by pieces
of wreckage and seriously injured.
Hundreds of flags and streams of bunt
ing with which downtown buildings j
were decorated were torn away by the j
wind. It is hardly probable that the
arches will be replaced. Streetcar traf
fic was blocked for hours by the debris.
The bicycle parade has been post
poned until Thursday night.
WILLIAM J. BRYAN
UNABLE TO ATTEND
CHICAGO. Oct. 17.— The following
letter of declination has been received
from W. J. Bryan in response to an In- i
vitation to attend the peace jubilee:
CAMP CUBA LIBRE, JACKSON- !
VIL.LE, Fla_. Oct. 17.— 1 regret that dv- j
ties here will prevent an acceptance of '■
the invitation extended by the citizens of \
Chicago to be present at the National '
Peace' Jubilee to be held on the 18th and
10th of the present month. Tne Ameri- j
can people are pre-eminently a peace lov- i
ing people, and it is fitting that they
should celebrate the termination of the i
present war, a war conceived in an un- \
selfish love for humanity— a war which ;
has demonstrated anew the valor of our I
soldiers and seamen; a war which is dcs- j
tined — let us hope — to establish in the Or- I
lent, as well as in the West Indies, that
doctrine so sacred to the people of the
United States, namely, that governments |
derive their just powers, not from the
armies or navies, but from the consent of ,
the governed. Thanking the committee i
for favoring me with an invitation, I am i
yours, very truly, W. J. BRYAN.
BARK MARYLAND
HAS FEVER ABOARD
If the Vessel Proceeds to Baltimore
She Will Not Be Allowed to
Go Further.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— The Marine
Hospital Service to-night received the fol
lowing cablegram from Dr. Brunner, sani
tary inspector of the Marine Hospital Ser
vice, stationed at Havana:
HAVANA, Oct. 17.— Surgeon General M. H.
S.. Washington: American bark Maryland
from Baltimore has developed five cases of
yellow fever and there have been three deaths
in Havana. The master of the vessel protests
against proceeding to Tortugas Bay.
BRUNNER.
Officials of the Marine Hospital service
said to-night that they could not prevent
the Maryland from proceeding to sea from
Havana, but that If she should sail for
Baltimore she would be hfld up at the
Cape Charles quarantine station and not
allowed to proceed further.
TERRIBLE RAILWAY
ACCIDENT IN ENGLAND
An Express Going at the Bate of a
Mile a Minute Buns Into a
Freight Train.
LONDON, Oct. 17.— A terrible railway
accident occurred this evening on the
Great Central Railway near Barnet, about
eleven miles north of London.
An express train going at the rate of a
mile a minute came into collision with a
freight train that was switching across
the tracks at Barnet Junction. The ex
press piled up a complete wreck.
Nine dead and thirteen seriously in
jured have been recovered, and there are
others under the debris.
-i*.
Russia Concentrates Troops.
LONDON. Oct. 17.— The Odessa corre
spondent of the Standard says that Rus
sia has concentrated 40,000 men at Port
Arthur to be In readiness for any emer
gency at Peking.
CHILD FREEZES IN
ITS FATHER'S ARMS
Death in a Colorado
Blizzard.
FARMER AND HIS BOY LOST
WANDER ABOUT ALL NIGHT IN"
A SNOWSTORM.
The Little Fellow Is Poorly Clad an 4
Succumbs to the Cold Before
the Coming of
Dawn.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Oct. 17.— A special to the
Rocky Mountain News from Florence,
Colo., says: On Saturday William Lei
lin and his ten-year-old boy came to
Florence from their home six miles
away to do some trading. After spend
ing the day about town they started
back in their wagon.
It was raining when they left town,
but when out about five miles the rain
turned to a blinding snowstorm. The
father lost his way and wandered
about among the scrub pine and in the
hills all night. The wagon and team
were abandoned and an effort was
made to reach home on foot. As the
night wore on the little fellow became
cold and numb and froze to death in
his father's arms. The father man
aged to keep alive by walking until he
could walk no more from the numbness
of his limbs.
Daylight broke and Leilln knew he
was not far from home, but he was un
able to walk. At 9 o'clock his cries
were heard by his wife, who went to
his rescue. Neighbors were summoned
and the old gentleman was assisted to
his home, but he was so near dead that
he could not give an account of the
night's wanderings. The dead body of
the boy told a pitiful story of a lack
of sufficient clothing to keep him warm.
The child wore knee pantaloons, and a
small coat, but no underwear nor outer
coat. His shoes and stockings were al
most completely worn out.
FATED TO MEET DEATH
ON STORMY ATLANTIC
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— Secretary
Long to-day granted thirty days' leave
of absence, with permission to leave the
United States, to J. P. Fireng, chief
clerk of the naval pay office, New York.
There is a pathetic story behind this
action. Last summer the wife and
daughter of Mr. Fireng engaged pas
sage on the ill-fated French steamer
La Bourgogne, which was wrecked off
Newfoundland, but just before her de
parture from New York, fortunately
concluded to make the ocean voyage
by another line.
After spending the summer In Europe
they engaged passage for home on a
French liner, but at the last moment
changed their minds in favor of the
English steamer Mohegan and were
among the number who perished on the
rocks off The Lizard Friday night. Mr.
Fireng's sad r.iission is to endeavor to
recover the bodies of his wife and
daughter and bring them to the United
States for interment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f> J "^ ' 7 L
in /2 " '"' w *"'
MSLzJ^** LOVE'S
7_!5* r^ FLOWER OAROBN.
In Love 1 Flower Garden there is the '
full-blown rose of married happiness and
the holy perfume of joyous motherhood
for every woman who takes proper care of
her health in a womanly way. For the
weak, sickly, nervous, debpondent woman,
■who rafters untold miseries in silence from j
weaknees and disease of the delicate organs
concerned in wifehood and motherhood,
there are orly thorns, and to her the per-
fume of mo^erhood is the aroma of death.
No woman is fitted for the responsibili-
ties of wifehood and the duties of mother-
hood who is a sufferer in this way. Every
woman may be strong and healthy in a.
womanly way, if she will. It lies with her- .
self. Soe needs, in the first place, a little
knowledge of the reproductive physiology
of women. This she can obtain by secur-
ing and reading a copy of Dr. Pierces Com-
mon Sense: Medical Adviser. It contains
1008 pages and. over 300 illustrations. It
tells all about all the ordinary ills of life,
and how to treat them. Several chapters
and illustrations are devoted to the phys-
ical make-up of women. It tells how to *
treat all the diseases peculiar to women.
; It gives the names, addresses, photographs
and experiences of hundreds of women who
have been snatched from the verge of the
grave to live happy, healthy lives by Dr.
Pierces medicines. This book she can
obtain free. It use^ to cost $1.50, and over
seven hundred thousand copies were pur-
chased by women at that price. Over a
million women now own copies. > For a pa-
per-covered copy send 21 one-cent stamps,
to cover cost or mailing only, to World's
Dispensary Medical Association, Buffalo, •
N. Y. Por cloth-binding, send ten cent* -
extra, or 31 one-cent stamps.
j&'iFIREJMLORING
/mssm: perfect FIT, best of
fdilllfL _ WORKMANSHIP, at
flfffiipPtf 25 per cent Less than Other
IliSNf Tailors Charge, Go to
WJ JOE PQHEIM
/life All Wool Suits to & i tO CQ C
/ mW, } Order from $!Z ;- w 4>oO
II II Pants from ... $4tos|o4 to $|0
J**7^"*"*l^ 501 and 203 Montgomery St.,
844 and 346 Market St., .
SIIO and /II?/ II? Market St San Francisco.
Writfs Man Vept* Pills .
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who '
have used them for over rorty years to cun
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Ltver. Weak Stomach. Plmplea
and purify, the blood. : . . . ■ ■ ';' ■-- ■ ■■. ;
Grossman^s Specific Mixture
With this ~, remedy persona can cure them- '
■elves without the least exposure, changs of
diet or chang. In application t.. bußlnew. , Th» ;
medicine contain- nothing. of the lesst Injury -
to the constitution. Ask your drug*l«t for it :
Prl*«. n a bottla, t--rt --r
34
MOUNTAINEERS
HEAR MR, GAGE
AND APPLAUD
Cordial the Greeting
Extended.
LARGE PARADE AT JACKSON
ENTHUSIASM ALMOST CAUSES
AN ACCIDENT.
Six-Horse Team Buns Away and
Nearly Collides With the Car
riage Containing the
Standard-Bearer.
<:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSON, Oct. 17.— At B:20 p. m.,
after a dusty drive over the mountain
roads. Mr. Gage and the reception com
mittee from Jackson which joined him
at Mokelumne Hill arrived at Jackson,
■where the standard-bearer was enthu
siastically received. The houses of the
town were decorated with flags and
bunting and a banner with the por
traits of Gage and Neff was strung
across the street in front of the New
National Hotel, where Mr. Gage regis
tered. So intense were the plaudits of
the large concourse of people that a
serious accident threatened the distin
guished candidate. A six-horse team
standing unhitched in the line of march
manifested a Democratic alarm at the
popular outburst and stampeded.
Breaking the wagon to which they were
harnessed the frightened animals
dashed madly along the main street,
closely grazing the carriage containing
Mr. Gage and party and were stopped
only after wrecking a soda water
■wagon.
At 7:45 o'clock, amid the noise of
bombs and the music of the Jackson
band, a torchlight procession of over
250 men, with J. E. Huber aa grand
marshal, marched through the streets,
discharging rockets and ruman candles.
Mr. Gage appeared in the center of the
parade in an open carriage appropri
ately draped and accompanied by car
riages containing the reception com
mittee and invited guests. Bonfires,
electric lights and Chinese lanterns il
luminated Main street, where the pro
cessiun started. The streets were
crowded by spectators and it was con
ceded that Jackson had never before
■witnessed such a grand parade. Upon
the transparencies carried in the pro
cession were mottoes of which the fol
lowing are samples:
"Amador County Solid for Gage and
Neff."
"No Single-Tax in Ours."
"Vote for Prosperity and Plenty."
"Vote the Republican Ticket From
Top to Bottom."
"A Vote for Gage and Neff Is a Vote
for Progress."
The parade was a credit to Amador
County and was one long to be re
membered. At 8:30 it broke up and
Webb's Hall was crowded to the doors,
many people being unable to obtain ad
mission.
Hon. E. C. Voorheis introduced Dr.
C. A. Herrick as chairman of the even
ing. The chairman announced a list of
fifty vice presidents selected from well- :
known citizens of Jackson and neigh
boring towns. The Jackson Glee Club, I
composed of several of the leading ]
young ladies of the town, sang "The !
Red, White and Blue" in a manner
■which excited much admiration and ap
plause.
Mr. Gage on being Introduced
thanked the people for the splendid
demonstration and predicted success |
for the Republican ticket. In a terse
and convincing style he discussed the
refunding amendment, and proved that
had Mr. Mntruire objected ac the proper j
time the bill could have been defeated.
He explained the fallacy of the single
tax principles of his opponent, and i
closed with earnest words explaining
the character of his administration if
elected Governor. His address was In
terrupted by frequent applause.
After a song by the Glse Club and j
music by the band the chairman in- !
troduced Hon. A. P. Van Duzor, who j
vas greeted with hearty applause. The \
Judge made an address which was
characteristic in both humor and loeic. ;
He called attention to the repeated at- \
tempts of Mr. Maguire and his single- '■
tax supporters to Introduce a sincle-tax ■
amendment to the constitution, and to j
the danger, to society from such prin- i
ciples. His pleasantries evoked much i
laughter, and his logical arguments i
much ap- lause. At the close of his ad- . i
dress three cheers were given for Gage j
and Neff and the meeting adjourned.
ANGELS CAMP PLEASED
WITH HENRY T. GAGE
ANGELS CAMP, Oct. 17.— Henry T.
Gage addressed a rousing assemblage at
9 o'clock this morning 1 . He spoke nearly
an hour, and held his audience in raot
attention. He said he was glad that he
had answered "Yes," when the Central
Committee had proposed a trip through
this section, for the demonstrations and
ovations he had witnessed had. he felt,
amply repaid his efforts. The people,
he said, were becoming aroused to the
dangers which were lurking beneath
the platitudes of the confusionlst party.
Mr. Gage spoke n the railroad aues
tion, and showed up Maguire's record
n- r reading from Congressional reports.
Mr. Gage in a plain, matter-of-fact
manner at once cleared himself of the
charge that he had any connection with
any corporation or monopoly. His only
dealings with the railroad was when he
made It disgorge thousands of dollars
for maiming and killing his fellow
men.
The single-tax issue fared roughly in
Mr. Gage's hands. He showed up Ma
guire's fallacy in dealing with it and
trying to evade it. The Congressional
Record was read from, and showed Ma
guire's antagonism to the miner and
the farmer.
During the address bursts of applause
Interrupted the speaker continually.
MAYOR SNYDER OF LOS
ANGELES RENOMINATED
Named by the Democratic City Coa
ventio:. as Candidate to Suc
ceed Himself.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 17.— The Demo
cratic city convention met in Turner Hal!
to-day and nominated M. P. Snyder, the
Incumbent, for Mayor. The convention
then adjourned until to-morrow morning.
The People's Party convention and the
Silver Republican convention also met,
but no action will be taken by these bod
ies until to-morrow. Fusion has not yet
been considered.
REA CONTROLS THE
ELECTION BOARDS
Hopes by This Means
to Win the Fight.
HONEST OFFICIALS BARRED
NONE BUT "GANG" MEN WILL BE
GIVEN PLACES.
Despite This Advantage of the
"Boss" the Good Government
League Is Confident of
Victory.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17.— From reports re
ceived from all over Santa Clara Coun
ty it is almost certain that the candi
dates nominated and indorsed by the
Republican Good Government League
will win. This desire on the part of the
voters to place good men in office is
easily understood when a comparison
of the two tickets is made. The Good
Government ticket is made up of honest
and efficient men, who owe no allegi
ance to "Boss" Rea or the "gang." The
men on the Rea ticket are all gang
sters, who were nominated by a con
vention elected by the grossest frauds
ever practiced at a primary election in
the State, and are under the control
of ' iioss" Rea and Johnnie Mackenzie.
Most of Rea's men have been barnacles
on the city and county treasuries for
years, and they have wantonly disre
garded the wishes of the people to serve
the interests of the "gang." These are
the kind of men Rea wants the people
to support.
The selection of election officers for
the various precincts of the county is
entirely in the hands of . the "gang,"
and Rea and Mackenzie intend to make
all they can of this advantage. The
Democrats are entitled to an equal rep
resentation, on the election boards, but
for the past six years they have been
totally ignored. There are seventy-one
precincts in the county and in each pre
cinct there is an election board of ten.
According to lew the Democrats should
be represented by live. Year after year
the Democratic county central commit
tee has submitted a list of names for
the Supervisors to select the election
officials from, but no attention has been
paid to the committee's request, in
stead of naming honest Democrats the
Supervisors have selected "gang" Dem
ocrats and "gang" Republicans to rep
resent the Democratic party. These
same tactics vill be adopted this year.
In fact Supervisor Rea, who is a can
didate for re election, has told the
Democratic county central committee
that he would appoint only such Demo
crats to placeb on the election boards
as were favorable to him. Rea said he
would attend to the matter himself.
The appointment of election officials
was to have come up in the Board of
Supervisors to-day, but it went over
until next week.
A citizen of the county went to Super
visor Stern last week to 6ee about be
ing appointed on an election board and
Stern informeu him he would have to
see Supervisor Rea. He also was given
to understand that no one but "gang"
men would be named.
RALLY OF THE GOOD
GOVERNMENT FORCES
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17.— The largest and j
most enthusiastic meeting of the cam- !
paign In this city was held at the Audi- j
torium this evening under the auspices I
of the Republican Good Government
League and the Democratic County
Central Committee. The place was
crowded, many ladles being present.
The stage was handsomely decorated i
with flags and bunting, and over the |
drapery at the top was the motto: j
"The people's servants must serve the |
people and not the bosses. No politics
in the public schools."
The meeting was called to order by
E. A. Hayes, president of the Good
Government League, who Introduced
J. H. Henry, chairman of the Demo
cratic County Central Committee, who
presided.
A. H. Suzzalo was the first speaker.
He touched upon the school question
and deprecated the fact that children
were being educated In gang-ridden
schools.
J. H. Campbell followed. He com
pared present San Jose to New York
under Tweed's regime, and said that if
corrupt methods were carried much
further the people would soon uprise
and treat the "gang" as Tweed and his
associates were treated.
Judge J. R. Lewis hit the "gang"
many hard blows. He denounced Its
manner of conducting affairs as ex
travagant and the cause of increased
taxation. Our good roads were an ex
pensive luxury, and the money raised
by taxation was not honestly expended.
The prediction was made that the
"gang" would be defeated at the com
ing election.
J. M. Days followed In an equally
strong speech.
SAN ANDREAS HEARS
THE NEXT GOVERNOR
SAN ANDREAS, Oct. 17.— Henry T.
Gage, the Republican nominee for Gov
ernor, came Into San Andreas to-day
at the noon hour. Word had been re
ceived of hi., approach and hundreds of
expectant people gathered along the
main thoroughfare to witness the re-
ceptlon of the distinguished gentleman.
The local brass band played inspiring
music while cannon were booming from
the distant hilltops. The party im
mediately repaired to Metropolitan
Kali, where Chairman Day introduced
Mr. Gage to a representative audience.
Mr. Gage denounced in unmeasured
terms the attacks of his opponent,
James G. Maguire. For one hour he
held the large audience while he ex
plained well his position on the rail
road question. From the Congressional
Record he read the proceedings during
the debate over the funding bill and
said:
"When the Speaker of the House
asked 'Is it the unanimous consent that
this amendment to the refunding bill
shall be concurred in?' Mr. Maguire sat
in his seat and never uttered a word,
thereby allowing it to become a law
when an objection would have stayed
it."
Mr. Gage touched all matters of in
terest to the voters and made friends
for himself and his party by his cour
ageous stand in hurling back the impu
tations that he was a railroad hireling
and attorney. Mr. Gage in closing made
an eloquent appeal to the citizens of
old Calaveras to stand by him and his
ticket. He promised to be a just and
good Governor if elected and to conduct
a clean administration to the best of his
judgment and ability.
The party left for Mokelumne Hill
after having luncheon. Mr. Gage was
billed to deliver an address there.
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1893.
BARLOW ESSAYS
AN EXPLANATION
Touches on That Mail-
Stuffingr Deal.
OFFERS A LAME APOLOGY
SAYS HE HELPED HUNTINGTON
UNWITTINGLY.
Didn't Know It Was Weighing Sea
son When He Mailed Those
Tons of Over-Ripe Pub
lic Documents.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 17.— "There are
only two issues in this Congressional
campaign, and they are public oppor
tunities and public documents."
So said Congressman C. A. Barlow
before the Populist city convention this
afternoon as a wind-up of the speech
he made to explain the charge that he
had franked nineteen bags of public
documents at a time when the load
might have been weighed and thus in
fluenced the amount of compensation
the railroad would get for carrying
United States mail. He explained that
when he posted the sack of mail he did
not know when the weighing was going
to begin and he submitted letters to
substantiate the claim that he was not
padding the mails in the interest of the
railroad. He also declared on the sub
ject of "business opportunities" that if
he had wanted to make money he would
have sat still i nd "let San Pedro harbor
go to the glimmers."
The foregoing is all the answer Con
gressman Barlow makes in explaining
the now famous letter he wrote to J.
Marion Brooks after his election to
Congress and prior to the time when
he took his seat, in which he referred
to the business opportunities he and his
friends would have when he did take
his seat. The foregoing is also the ex
planation he gives of the proved fact
that during the mail-weighing season
of the Southern Pacific he weighted
down the mails with tons and tons of
over-ripe public documents, ranging in
age from one to twelve years, all bear
ing his frank.
CIVIL SERVICE RULES
FOR OFFICE SEEKERS
Project of Highland Voters Which
Has Caused Alarm Among
the Fuslonists.
SAN BERNARDINO. Oct. 17.— A few
days ago a number of the voters of High
land undertook the introduction of an in
novation in county politics. It was noth
ing less than a proposition to establish a
civil' service examination for candidates
for non-political county and township offi
cers. It took form in a petition asking
the several candidates for the offices of
County Assessor and Tax Collector and
Justice of tho Peace in that precinct to
consent to appear before committees to
be designated by the petitioners for ex
amination touching their qualifications.
The reason the oincerß named were so
selected is supposed to have been the fact
that all the candidates for those offices,
but one, are residents of Highland. The
petition was signed by fifty-nine of tho
h-miing voters and taxpayers of the pre
cinct, representing all shades of political
opinion.
Naturally the petition and the proposed
Innovation created no little excitement in
political circles, and, as the outcome
shbws, no little consternation among the
fusion candidates and leaders. They at
once raised the cry that it was a Repub
lican trick to discredit the fusion candi-
dates.
The Republican candidates, after consid
ering the matter, signified their willing
ness to submit to the proposed examina
tion, believing that the people had the
right to know if candidates asking their
suffrages were qualified.
The independent candidates, Instead of
accepting the issue, went to their friends
among the signers, claiming' that it was
a scheme on the part of the Republican
candidates to ridicule them— presumably
by exposing their ignorance— and pre
vailed upon enough of them jto withdraw
their signature from the petition so that
they would dare to ignore the request of
the committee.
This was not accomplished until the let
ters of acceptance of the Republican nom
inees were published, and it leaves the in
dependent candidates before the voters,
not only of Highland, but of the whole
county, in the light or being in suftleieni
doubt of their own competency to be un
willing to put the matter to a fair test
before a non-partisan committee.
MAGUIRE TALKS AT
FERNDALE AND EUREKA
Assisted by Candidate Hutchison in
an Excursion After
Votes.
EUREKA, Oct. 17.— Hon. James O. Ma
guire and Hon. E. L. Hutchinson, Fusion
nominees for Governor and Lieutenant
Governor, respectively, arrived In this
city to-day. They were escorted to Fern
dale this morning by a large number of
prominent Eurekans on a special train,
where they were well received and deliv
ered addresses to a large assemblage.
This evening Occidental pavilion in this
city was crowded while Maguire and Hut
chison delivered addresses. Bonfires Illu
minated the principal streets. The speak
ers will return to San Francisco on to
morrow's steamer.
RIVERSIDE REGISTER
MUST BE REOPENED
Judicial Decision Which Will Add
Two Hundred Names to the
Voting List.
RIVERSIDE, Oct. Some days ago
Maurice Vaca applied to the Counly
Clerk to be registered, but the Clerk re
fused to place Vaca's name on the regis
ter. Vaca at once began mandamus pro
ceedings to compel the Clerk to reopen
the register, and to-day Judge Noyes or
dered Clerk Condes to reopen the regis
ter and keep it open until October 26, or
until fifteen days before the election.
This move will add 200 names to 'the' vot
ing list in this county.
«
SELLS MANUFACTURED MILK.
Vile Decoction Disposed of by a
Dealer in Stockton.
STOCKTON, Oct. 17.— Local milkmen
are charging that a milkman named
Saliner is manufacturing milk, which he
is able to sell at a price much lower than
the regular milkmen charge for pure
milk. A sample of the milk was tested
this morning by County Veterinarian
Eddy, who pronounced it unfit for use,
and signed a certificate stating that it
contained but 1.3 per cent of butter fat,
while 3.5 per cent is required by the Board
of Health. The sample tested was ob
tained from a restaurant here. A man
who worked for Saliner for eight months
claims that it is a manufactured article.
Sonoma's Grand Jury.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 17.— The Sonoma
County Grand Jury was impaneled to
day. This afternoon the first business
session was held. J. M. Gunn of Healds
burg was elected foreman, T. P. Keegan
secretary and Arthur 8. Luce expert.
THE EXTREMITY OF POLITICAL SHYSTERS.
THE HEFTING MAYOR AND HIS HIRELINGS RESORT TO IMPOTENT MUDSLINGING,
SCORES NEVADA'S
SENIOR SENATOR
A. C. Cleveland's Roast
of Stewart.
DECLARES FOR HOME RULE
QUESTIONS THE ABILITY OE
THE INCUMBENT.
If an Outsider Is to Be Chosen He
Suggests That the Toga Be
Sold to the Highest
Bidder.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Nev., Oct. 17.— Hon. A. C.
Cleveland of Y.'hite Pine opened his in
dependent campaign in favor of home
rule for Nevada and against WllliaVn
Stewart for United States Senator, at
McKissick's Opera-house here last
night. The vast assemblage, drawn
from all political parties, manifested its
appreciation of the bald facts presented
as well as of Cleveland himHelf by fre
quent and hearty applause.
Mr. Cleveland's address was largely
and essentially in favor of home rule
for Nevada regardless of the personnel
of her representation, and In this con
nection he suggested that if it were a
fact that the State had no men of suf
ficient ability to represent it In Con
gress "then let us pass a law legalizing
the sale of such position as we have
legalized prizefighting in our State.
Let us set aside a day and advertise
that on that day we will sell to the
highest bidder the position of Senator
from the State of Nevada."
But he vouched for the statement
that there were hundreds if not thous
ands of citizens of this State more
capable to fill the position than was the
Incumbent.
Incidentally Cleveland reviewed the
career and record of Senator Stewart at
considerable length. He called especial
attention to the facts that In 1873 Stew
art, had voted in favor of the demone
tization of silver; that at about the
name time Stewart had made speeches
in Washington in favor of the gold
standard; that after twenty-two years
of service as Senator from Nevada
there was no permanent good he had
done for the State and he had not put
a dollar in to any permanent invest
ment in the State. The speaker's refer
ence to Stewart's peccadilli with the
wily Mrs. Glass at Washington brought
out roars of laughter from the audi
ence.
Cleveland explained that he was
prompted by what he characterized as
"the attacks of the hireling, bulldozing,
cowardly and lying press of Nevada"
to make his remarks a trifle more per
sonal than he had Intended. Keferring
to the writer of an article in Saturday
morning's State Journal he said:
"The dog who wrote that article (and
I apologize to every decent dog in the
State) wrote what he knew was not
true."
He closed his address with a few
verses of doggerel, which depicted in
rhyme much of Senator Stewart's life
on earth, as well as some of his proba
ble after-life.
SUPPED ON FOOD THAT
HAD BEEN POISONED
Aged Tipton Woman and Her Son
Seized by Possibly Fatal
Convulsions.
TIPTON, Oct. 17.— At the United Breth
ren Church last evening Mrs. Elsie Haw
kins, an elderly lady, fell Into convulsions.
She was removed to a drug store near at
hand, whore paroxysm followed paroxysm
In spite of all that could be done for her.
Her son, Charley, who was standing by,
suddenly staggered and fell to the floor.
He was taken to a room at the hotel and
soon was in convulsions similar to those
of his mother. At times it required the
united strength of four men to hold him in
bed.
Mrs. Hawklna this evening is resting
well, but the son, who was better to-day,
has relapsed Into frequent spasms,
which may end his life at any time.
It is supposed that they ate poison with
their supper last nlgiu, but how the
poison got into their food or what sort of
poison it was is a mystery. Mrs. Hawkins
and family were away from home yester
day afternoon.
ELOPERS TENANT CELLS
IN WOODLAND PRISON
Deserted Husband Causes Arrests to
Obtain Evidence for Divorce
Proceedings.
WOODLAND, Oct. 17.— W. H. Hender
son, who lives on a small farm a few
miles west of Honcut, Yuba County, ar
rived in Woodland on the early train
Sunday morning and was soon In con
sultation with Marshal Lawson. He told
the officer that he was looking for his
wife, who left home last Wednesday with
Charles H. Lambert. He had been In
formed that the couple came to Woodland
on Friday and he believed they were still
here.
Mr. Lawson remembered having seen
in this city a man and woman answering
the description given by Henderson and
began an Investigation. He learned that
the runaway couple were registered at
the Craft Hotel as Charles H. Lambert
and wife.
Constable Irvln was detailed to watch
the premises so that the couple could not
escape while Mr. Lawson and Henderson
found Judge Ruggles and procured a war
rant of arrest for the man and woman.
When the papers had been obtained
Officer Lawson returned to the hotel and
put Lambert and Mrs. Henderson under
arrest. They were taken before Judge
Ruggles for a hearing and bail was fixed
at $500 each. Being unable to give bail
they were taken to the County Jail and
locked up pending their examination.
After Henderson had succeeded in land-
Ing his wife and her companion. In jail he
hunted up Mr. Anderson. Assistant Dis
trict Attorney, and related his domestic
troubles to him. Mrs. Henderson was al
lowed to be present during the consulta
tion. The husband stated that he wished
to procure a divorce from his wife, and
that his principal reason for following
her was to procure evidence upon which
to base an action. Mrs. Henderson was
equally willing to have her husband ob
tain a divorce, and stated that she would
admit her guilt.
Henderson consented to the dismissal
of the case and Lambert and Mrs. Hen
derson were released. They left for Hon
cut on the noon train to-day. Henderson
will commence divorce proceedings
against his wife at once.
GERMAN IMMIGRANTS
ARRIVE AT HONOLULU
Majority of Them Will Be Employed
on the Plantations of H.
Hackfeld & Co.
HONOLULU, Oct 16.— The largest com
pany of German Immigrants that has ar
rived In Hawaii since the Veta in the '80's,
came in on the German ship H. F.
Glade, which dropped anchor In the har
bor Just before noon.
The H. F. Glade sailed from Bremen
May 20 last, making the voyage In 138
days. She brings 365 German immigrants,
men, women and children. Considering the
long voyage, they arrive in excellent
shape, but glad to see land again after
the tedium and monotony of over four
months at sea.
There were three deaths among the im
migrants during the voyage, one woman
and two children, but there were also
three births. So that the company has
exactly the same number that it started
with, 365, one for every day In the year.
These immigrants are nearly all in fam
ilies or are relatives or friends of others
who have preceded them to Hawaii. The
H. P. Glade comes consigned to H.
Hackfeld & Co., and the immigrants will
be employed in the main on plantations
represented by H. Hackfeld & Co. Some
will go to Kaual. some to Hawaii, some
to Maul and still others to the Oahu
plantation. They came In charge of Dr.
Walter Hoffman, a physician of experi
ence.
Besides the Immigrants, the ship brings
about 1000 tons of freight, mostly ma
chinery. All kinds of weather was ex
perienced on the trip, but on the whole
the voyage was a good one and very ex
peditious. The Glade Is now at anchor in
the stream. _
POLICE FREQUENTLY
CHARGE THE CROWD
Irish League Meeting at Ballinrobe,
County Mayo, Prevented by
the Authorities.
DUBLJN. Oct. 17.— There was great ex
citement all night long at Ballinrobe,
County Mayo, due to a serious collision
between the people there and the police,
growing out of an Irish League meeting
announced for yesterday evening. About
20,000 people assembled, and Messrs.
Michael Davltt and William O'Brien, who
were to have been the speakers, were
met outside the town by a detachment
of 200 police and were prevented from en
tering the place. The police were forced
to charge the crowd frequently.
SUPERVISORS
HAVE MADE
THEIR LISTS
Chairman Tarpey Is
Not Satisfied.
HAS A LIST OF DEMOCRATS
TALCOTT RECOGNIZES SOME AS
REPUBLICANS.
The Question of the Appointment of
Fusion Election Officers to
Be Decided Next
Thursday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Oct. 17.
M. F. Tarpey, chairman of the Demo
cratic County Central Committee, ap
peared before the Supervisors to-day and
asked that body to appoint Democratic
election officers from a list which he pre
sented. The officers have been already
named In their respective districts by the
Supervisors, and there does not appear
to be much desire to make a change at
this late date, especially as the names
selected were all recommended by Demo
ocrats after much consideration.
Mr. Tarpey asked the board to accept
his list, and stated that it had been pre
pared in accordance with the District At
torney's opinion that all the officers of
election except ballot clerks must be on
the last county assessment roll.
Supervisor Wells, the Democratic mem
ber of the board, did not relish Mr. Tar
pey's request. "I appeared before your
committee," said Mr. Wells, addressing
Mr. Tarpey, "about a week ago, and all
the names given me were four from Niles
and six from Mission San Jose. I then
had to go to Liver-more to get a list of
names, as I could wait no longer. I hay«
made a few changes to comply with the
law, have gone over the ground thor
oughly, and now that my list is com
plete I cannot see any good reason for
making changes."
Supervisor Roeth said that last Monday
the secretary of the Democratic County
Committee appeared before the Supervis
ors and said that the list of officers was
not ready. "I have since then completed
my list," said Mr. Roeth, "have selected
good Democrats, and do not see why any
changes should -now be made."
Mr. Tarpey said the secretary had no
authority to appear, as he (Tarpey) was
alone delegated to act. He said that un
der the Penal Code his committee had a
right to name the election officers.
Mr. Talcott rather amused the board by
stating that some of the names which
Mr. Tarpey had submitted as being good
Democrats had been put on the list by
him (Talcott) as being good Republicans.
"I think these men are Republicans, and
no doubt Mr. Tarpey is equally sure they
are Democrats, and I do not see how we
are to decide the matter. We will take
this question up next Thursday and I will
be glad to put on the list as many
names as possible from those submitted
by Mr. Tarpey."
Supervisor Mitchell said he received a
list of names a week ago, but it was
taken from him before he had time to
look at it. He said that he had carefully
worked upon this matter and had com
pleted a list of good Democrats and Pop
ulists, and he did not feel inclined to
make changes. ... ,_ -,
Supervisor Church said he had gone to
each representative of the Dmocratte
committee in the wards in his district
and had thus secured the names which he
had placed upon his list. He also ob
jected to changing, and the matter will
be decided next Thursday morning.
Peddlers' Protective association.
The Peddlers' Protective Association
held an enthusiastic meeting? in the Shiels
building last night. The association Is
not standing up for any party in par
ticular, but has an indorsing committee
•which is selecting the best men from both
parties. This committee meets every af
ternoon from 3 to 5 o'clock at 420 Davis
street. The association wishes to warn
all persons against individuals who have
no connection with it but are using its
name to extort money from candidates.
Forged a Wine-Maker's Name.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 17.— An Investigation
a man whose name is supposed to be Ros
sell, and who used the name of George
Dohn. a well-known winemaker. A forged
check was presented to a Petaluma
tradesman. When the check was sent to
a Santa Rosa bank the forgery was dis
covered.
TO CONDEMN BIGHT OF WAY.
Suit Brought to Obtain a Cutoff on
the San Joaquin Eiver.
STOCKTON. Oct. 17.— Suit was brought
by Attorney General Fitzgerald to-day on
behalf of the Auditing Board to the Com
missioner of Public Works against John
Manuel of this city and Reclamation Dis
trict No. 684, to condemn a right of way
for a cut-off near the mouth of Black
Sloug-h, on the San Joaquin River. This
will be known as cut-on* No. 8. and when
completed will greatly lessen the distance
steamers are required to travel when
making the trip to and from San Fran
cisco. T The complaint was filed with th©
r>loT-lr nf fia-n Tr^i/infn " Pnnntv .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOW men
May Be Cured and Strengthened.
The peculiar methods of
DR. MEYERS & CO., the spe-
cialists for men (they do not
ask for money until their pa-
tients are sound and well) is
attracting nearly as much at-
tention as their many mar-
velous cures.
DR. MEYERS & CO. are
especially noted for restoring
weak and debilitated men to
a strong, robust and healthy
condition. Unfortunates who
are weak, nervous, despond-
ent, discouraged, puny, and
lacking that vital power
which every man should and
may possess, can find health,
hope, , strength and ambition
by treating with DR. MEY-
ERS & CO.
Contracted ailments, . X in-
cluding contagious blood poi-
son, whether recently con-
tracted or dangerous from,
neglect and bad treatment,are
also quickly and permanently
cured by DR. MEYERS & CO.
THESE GREAT SPECIAL-
ISTS give their patients the
benefit of more than seven-
teen years' experience, the
best remedies and methods
possible to obtain, and the
many advantages of the larg- '
est and best equipped medi-
cal institution on the Pacino
Coast.
Tlannavr DR. MEYERS
DepOSlH & CO. do not re.
;..;: The Prioe .■ 2SSf tiJXKK
Of a Cure U : li^h cln h f7-
In Any Bank. d « n , c t ? J n *"»>«•
... , J . ability that th-y
'-'.will let the patient deposit th«
price -of n cure In any bank oi>
with any business house or news.
paper In S-in Francisco, to be paid
:;,S to them when a cure Is effected.
or will take monthly Installments.
, Consultation and advice, also
private book, free at office or by
t mall. Al! letters confidential.
No printing on envelopes op
packages to indicate the name of
t ■ sender. . •...'. • ■ ,-. ,
DR. METERS & CO.,
731 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
TAKEELETATOB. Ev^nTnAl fo^*
• :■ -■■■. , ■ Sunday*, I to U,REPUBLICAN TICKET WAS INDORSED.
Rousing Reception Given to Charles L. Patton,
D. J. Murphy and D. E. McKinlay
at Drew's Hall.
The Residents of the Twenty-Eighth District Turn Out ii
Great Numbers to Hear the Campaign
Issues Discussed by the
Candidates.
"/ want to say one thing to you: That I owe my nomina
tion to no boss or clique or corporation, and lam under no obli
gation to them. If you elect me Mayor of this city there is no
man, no corporation and no body of men who can come to me
and define what my public acts shall be."
One of the largest and most enthu
siastic meetings ever held in the
Twenty-eighth Assembly District was
held last evening in Drew's Hall on
New Montgomery street, under the
auspices of the Republican County
Committee. The hall was entirely too
small to accommodate all those who
wished to- hear the issues of the cam
paign discussed, and several hundred
people were compelled to stand. They
remained to the close, however, and
cheered and applauded until their
throats became hoarse and their hands
became sore from clapping.
The audience, which was an appre
ciative one, was composed of mechanics
and artisans living in the district, and
many of them were accompanied by
their wives and daughters. The women
folks appeared to be as deeply inter
ested in the speeches as were the men
and not a telling point passed with
out their joining in the applause.
When Charles L. Patton entered the
hall three cheers were proposed for
"the next Mayor of San Francisco,"
and they were given with a will. Mr.
Patton acknowledged the kindly recep
tion given him, and when he was in
troduced l>y Chairman J. J. Donahue it
was several minutes before he could
make himself heard so great was the
applause.
He spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman and ladles and gentle
l appear before you as an aspirant
for th< office of Mayor. It Is the highest
gift which the voters of this municipal
ity have in their power to make. You
are entitled to know whom you are voting
for and you are entitled to know all about
it. it is nothing more than your right
that a candidate ior any office who seeks
your suffrage shall be willing at all
times to tell who he Is, what he is and
mds upon public questions. I
will never see the day that I shall fear
v my entire confidence to the peo
: the city and county of Sau Fran
(Applause.)
Ther^ are only three weeks left in
b to make this campaign. I have
. reply to scurrilous attacks.
of "0000." "Good 1 ." and cheers.) I
no time to answer lies. 1 have no
time to backbite any gentleman on the
other side. 1 come before you, and I
will tell you who 1 urn and what I think,
and if on the Bth day of November you
snail decide that 1 will make the best
Mayor for you I want you to vote for
me. (Cheers and cries of "We will!"; I
do not ask your votes on any other
ground than that of capability. I believe
that 1 shall convince the majority of the
voters of San Francisco that I am the
man for that place. (Applause and
I ■•> tood !" "Good!")
1 have been in this hall within the last
few weeks and have stated my opinion
in relation to some public questions.
There are a few other questions treated
of In our platform that 1 desire to talk
about to-night. The Democratic party
will come before you, through its orators
and its candidates, and will tell you that
it, and It only. Is the friend of the labor
ing man. I tell you that whether or not
axe the friends of the laboring man
the" plank in the Republican platform for
is a better and broader plank
than they ever dared to insert in a Demo
cratic platform. (Applause.)
In that piatform it is stated, in no
equivocal terms, that In ail public con
tracts it shall be a part of the contract
that the laboring man shall receive for
eight hours' work the sum of $2 a day.
Fellow citizens, that is little
enough; and for a laboring man to work
for that small sum gives him but a bare
pittance to raise his family and make his
children honorable, intelligent citizens.
I can say to you, and 1 have it on the
best authority, that a certain gentleman
•who appeals to the citizens of San Fran
cisco tor their votes has stated publicly
that $."0 a month is enough for the labor-
Ing man. I take issue with him there.
(Groans for Phelan.) I am willing to
light it out on this line. (Applause.)
Now, fellow-citizens, I want to say one
thing more, and then I have done. I am
not going to bore you with long talks. I
am going to talk In every place where
will give me a platform to speak on,
I going to say what I think and
what I believe.
1 want to say one thing to you, that
I owe my nomination to no clique of men,
to no corporation, and I am under no ob
ligation to them. (Applause.) If you
me Mayor of this city there is no
man, no corporation and no body of men
who can come to me and define what my
public acts shall be. (Applause.) There
is to-day in existence no man and no body
of men who can divine what my official
acta will be, unless they can divine them
from what I have said in public, and
every word that 1 shall say to you or say
anywhere In public will be lived up to.
1 will make no private pledges to any
one. (Applause.) If you elect me Mayor
of this city 1 say again— anu the people
who don't like It can laugh at it, the
papers who don't lik>- it can howl at it —
I Bay that when I am Mayor of this cty
if then- is any office in my gift the people
themselves must come to me for it; they
not go to any boss or to any cor
poration. I belong to no man. I will do
th" people's will and I will work with all
my ardor to subserve the best Interests
of the people and the people only. I
thank you. (Great applause.)
A. 5. Morgenstern paid his respects
to the Democratic party in general and
James D. Phelan in particular.
"The Democrats," said he, "have in
augurated a campaign of dirt and mud
slinging, but it will not avail. Mayor
Phelan has also been Indulging in some
unfounded and unwarranted remarks.
After nominating himself, irresponsible
i that he is, he Avants to succeed
himself in office. The people thorough
ly understand him. He is not honest in
his official acts or speeches, and when
on Saturday night he declared that the
reason the Democrats did not hold a
primary was because there was no pri
mary law, he told a bold and vicious
lie. He knew well that the Porter pri
mary law Is in existence, but he didn't
dare hold a primary, for he knew that
he would then be unable to control the
convention and renominate himself. He
and his job-chasers knew that the
party would not give them control of
th> delegates. He is now posing as the
woiklngman's friend, while a short
time ago he declared that $2 a day was
too much here for a laborer. There is
not a reputable newspaper in the town
supporting him. True, he has the sup
port of the Bulletin, but I have it on
the authority of one of his friends that j
he paid $8000 for It."
D. E. McKinlay then entered into
a masterly discussion of the State and
national issues. He said that never be
fore in many years had the prospects
of the United States been as bright as
they are to-day. The improvement of
the" times, he said, was due to the able
and patriotic administration of a Re
publican President and a Republican
Congress.
"Labor is now finding employment,"
said he, "and capital is finding invest
ments. The confidence of the people
has been restored, and with that confi
dence prosperity has arrived."
In conclusion, he said that Masruire
was trying to make the fight on the
railroad issue, and was inviting the
people to examine his record. "I also
ask the people to study his record,"
said McKinlay, "for I am certain that
they will never elect Governor of Cali
fornia an advocate of free trade, which
means free labor; a man who favors
cheap money, and a man who is in
favor of the repudiation of all our hon
est debts."
The James M. Troutt quartet then
sang a campaign song, and for an en
core rendered the "Star-Spangled Ban
ner," while the audience rose and
cheered.
D. J. Murphy said that the platform
Gf the Republican narty was one of
the best platforms ever put before the
people by any party. "The papers of
the opposition are forced to admit the
fact," said he, "for they cannot find a
single flaw in it. As to the candidates
on our State and local ticket, for hon
esty, learning, ability, integrity and
manhood, they will compare favorably
with the candidates of any other party.
What can be said against Charles L,
Patton? Nothing. It is true that he
wasn't born with a silver spoon in his
mouth, nor did he inherit a fortune to
squander in an attenv * to corrupt the
HERE ARE THE FACTS.
Attorney J. D. Sullivan Exposes An
other Yellow Journal
Falsehood.
The following communication from At
torney J. D. Sullivan is self-explanatory
ami Is all that is needed to brand the yel
low falsehood published yesterday In the
columns of the Third-street organ:
"SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 17, 1898.
"Editor Call: In a morning paper of
yesterday annears the statement from
Mr. R. MeElroy, that he paid, JSOO to J.
D. Sullivan for waiving the Public Ad
ministrator's right to act as administrator
of the estate of Susan E. Kerby, de
ceased.
"The facts are these: Mrs. Kerby left
a large amount of propery in this city.
She had no relatives in {his State. Mr.
MeElroy requested as a favor that he be
allowed to administer, to the exclusion of
the Public Administrator. The latter
waived his rig" us to letters, and the sum
of $500 was paid at that time to me as
attorney's fees.
"MeElroy was thereupon appointed ad
ministrator and he closed up the probate
proceedings by distribution.
"Now f..r the record: The final account
of Administrator MeElroy, in the estate
of Susan E. Kerby, shows that he charged
$1423 45 as commissions, and his attor
neys were allowed a fee of $500.
"By waiving his right to his friend Me-
Elroy the Public Administrator was out
the sum of $1423 45, which sum he would
have earned had he administered upon
this estate. Very LIVAN ,.
Thomas F. Graham Club.
A meeting of the Thomas F. Graham
Forty-fifth District Club was held last
evening at the Northern Hotel, corner of
Battery and Vallejo streets. The follow
ing named officers were elected: Thomas
W. Chandler, President; D. D. McCul
lough, vice president; John Klrkpatrick,
secretary; George McCullough, treasurer;
J. Onetti, sorgeant-at-arms; executive
committee. Edward F. Sutton. John Mc-
Cullough, P. Lynch, J. C. O'Brien, M.
O'Brien, Peter Hall, Robert Porte*, B.
Fair, William Boyce, Hugh McGonlgle
and Alexander Spear.
The club roll was opened and 116 resi
dents signed. The following resolutions
were unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That we, the members of the
Forty-fifth District Club, take this means
of snowing our appreciation for Hon.
Thomas F. Graham, Republican nominee
for Police Judge, and that- we pledge our
selves to work in his behalf to further
his election in the coming campaign. We
have known Mr. Graham many years and
have found him an honest, upright and
conscientious gentleman who, we believe,
if elected would fulfill the duties of
Judge in an upright and dignified manner,
to the admiration of his many friends nnd
the satisfaction and approval of the tax
payers of San Francisco in general.
Army and Navy League.
Alger Camp No. 4, Army and Navy Re
publican League, met last night and
elected and installed the following offi
cers for the ensuing term: Colonel, W.
B. Benchley; lieutenant colonel, Charles
Kills; major, William F. Hoey; adjutant,
G. W. Alberti; quartermaster S. M. Carr;
officer of the day. P. S. Hlrth; officer of
the guard, 'D. R. McPherson; sergeant
major, J. W. Benchley; quartermaster
sergeant, J. W. Denning.
Monday night of each week and the
headquarters of the league, room 7, 632
Market street, were fixed as the time and
place of regular meetings.
The candidacy of Colonel Leon E. Jones
for Assembly in the Thirty-ninth District
was unanimously indorsed.
Friends of Henry S. Martin.
A meeting was held last evening at the
corner of Pacific and Leavenworth streets
In the interest of Henry S. Martin, Re
publican candidate for Sheriff. About
sixty members signed the roll and pledged
themselves to support him. The follow
ing-named officers were eiected: James
H Dunn, president; Marco L. Jancovlch,
vice president; O. G. Cline, secretary;
George H. Cline, treasurer; Louis Sibel,
Bergeant at arms.
Colored Citizens' League.
The Colored Citizens' Equal Rights Ln
ion League met last night at 7G5 Mamet
street and indorsed the following named
candidates: Henry S. Martin for Sheriff;
Edward I. Sheehan for Tax Collector;
Charles S. Tllton for Surveyor: James
Harry for Justice of the Peace; and
Charles F. Kenneally for member of ..ie
Assembly, Twenty-ninth District. The
league intends to give hearty support to
the ticket. The league adjourned till
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1898.
public. Never during his life was he
guilty of an unjust or dishonorable act."
Judge Murphy then paid high compli
ments to the other candidates on the
ticket and referred to the attack made
on him by the Examiner. "Personal
abuse," said he, "has always the ten
dency to bring out a man's friends.
That has been my experience. The
attack made on me Sunday served to
bring oxit my friends to-day, and,
thank God, I have hundreds of them.
If there is anything that appeals to
men's spirits, it is detestation of slan
der, libel, abuse and lies. I can face
my fellow men and say that at-no time
did 1 ever betray my country or flee
to a foreign clime and swear alle
giance to a foreign potentate. "When
I was defending and supporting the
flag of our country, many years ago,
there was a certain man, whom I .will
name some other time, plotting treason
against it. When he was discovered
he fled, like the traitor he was, to
avoid Alcatraz. I never was treacher
ous to my party or a party nominee,
nor did I ever bolt my party when I
was defeated for a . nominatio-n. This
certain man will more fully hear from
me when I get my dates and data at
ha nri * *
"Why don't you name him now?" ex
claimed one of his auditors.
"Every one knows he means Henley,"
answered one of the crowd.
"I will name him In due time," re
plied Judge Murphy, smilingly, "but
at present I will keep the name a pro
found secret."
The crowd laughed at the profound
secret.
"1 never wrote letters to my friends,"
continued the speaker, "asking them to
stab that noble Democrat, Tom Thomp
son of Santa Rosa, in the back because
I couldn't go to Congress a third time.
I promise you that before this cam
paign is over I will tell you more about
this man, who now has the effrontery
to ask American citizens to vote for
him. No man shall attack my honesty
and integrity, and those people living in
glass houses will soon find me on the
roof exposing the skeleton that is hid
den below."
Charles P. Curry spoke of the honesty
and integrity of the candidates on the
local ticket and predicted their election.
"We all know and love Charlie Pat
ton," said he, "and we are going to elect
him. Mr. Phelan doesn't like me. Well,
I guess I can stand that from a man
who thinks that $40 a month is too
much to pay lamplighters and that $70
a month Is too much to pay janitors at
the New City Hall. His Majesty, James
D. Phelan, also says that I tell lies. I
think that he is a perjured liar. The
records will show that he swore in the
County Clerk's office that his father's
estate was so much, but when he went
before the Assessor he only made it
one-third the amount."
Julius Kahn, nominee for Congress in
; the Fourth District, urged the audience
; to support the entire State and local
j ticket, and thus indorse the administra
tion of President McKinley.
The Waterman Sisterg rendered sev
eral campaign songs, after which brief
addresses were made by C. S. Laumels
; ter, Henry S. Martin, I. J. Truman,
William A. Deane. Martin Fragley, Dr.
! W. J. Hawkins, Charles A. Low, Thomas
I F. Oraham* H. L. Joachimsen, W. H.
i Phelps, John Lackmann, Frank H. Ker
rigan, Joseph E. Parry and A. P. Black.
The meeting then adjourned with
j cheers for the success of the Republican
i ticket.
Saturday evening, when further Indorse
ments will be made. The rooms of tne
league are open dally and the public are
cordially Invited to call and make them
selves at home.
INDEPENDENT CANDIDATES.
Three Petitions Filed With Registrar
Biggy by Men Who Seek
Public Office.
Three Independent arlditlons have been
made to the list of candidates for the
coming election. Yesterday Dr. C. C.
O'Donnell filed a petition with Registrar
Biggy containing 4GOO names, asking to be
put on the election ballot as an Indepen
dent candidate for Coroner.
A. C. Froe.se presented a petition with
f,T**) names, as an independent candidate
for the office of Public Administrator. He
is the incumbent, but was turned
down by the Democrats 3nd the Non-
Partisans, and Is now seeking vindica
tion.
The third Independent candidate Is Da
vid Barry, who wants to be Supervisor
from the Sixth ward. He Is running
against Lackmann and is known as tne
leader of the old-time "gang" in a pre
vious Board of Supervisors.
Sheehan's Friends Organize.
A large meeting of the fiiendsVof Ed
ward I. Sheehan, nominee for Tax Col
lector, was held last evening In Social
Hall on Howard street. A permanent or
ganization was effected by the election of
Senator Eugene F. Bert as president;
James H. Anderson, vice president; J. J.
Donovan, recording secretary; Edward
Eustace, corresponding- secrctarv; James
D. Wiseman, treasurer; James 11. Dhue,
sergeant at arms, and the following ex
ecutive committee: Frank Tobln, Charles
Sweigert, M. J. Manning, Frank Bacl
galupi, Frank Cavanap... Thomas J.
Cline and John Jackson. Plans for an ac
tive campaign In Mr. Sheehan's Interest
were discussed and the club decided to
give Mr. Sheehan very active support.
The club will meet again on next Mon
day eveningarid once each week during
the campaign-
Baseball and Politics.
A meeting of the B. B. Baseball, Social
and Political Club was held last evening
at Nagle's Hall, corner Van Ness avenue
and Hayes street. The following officers
were elected: President. J. J. Jones
first vice president, George Floyd; second
vice president, C. J. Nagle; third vice
president, Thomas Whalen; recording sec
retary. Harry Reran; corresponding secre
tary. C. H. Murray; financial secretary,
Franklin C. Donnelly, treasurer, Hugh
Frazer; sargeant-at-arms, Thomas Min
ton; executive committee — William T.
Cleary, William J. Hums, P. J. Scully,
William J. Heaey, Thomas Roach; au
.-liting committee— J. H. Ferren, Mathew
Flynn, James ECearns, M. Whelan, James
Donnellv; finance committee— Frank Don
nelly, William Gill, George Hayes, Den
nis Gearon.
Mission Republican Club.
The Mission Republican Club of the
Thirty-fourth Assembly District was or
ganized last evening at Minerva Hall,
corner of Fifteenth and Mission streets.
Over fifty residents of the district signed
the roll. John H. Harney was elected
chairman and A. H. Menne secretary. In
a few words the chairman stated the
object of the club to be the advancement
of Republican principles, anrl to do earn
est and active work for the entire Repub
lican ticket. Addresses were made by
Frank W. Burnett candidate for Senator
from the»Twentleth Senatorial District,
Charles E. Fisher, L. B. Haubrich, J. J.
Guilfoyle and others. After music and
Hinging the club adjourned until Monday
evening next.
Harbor Republicans.
The Harbor Republican Club will hold
its second smoker and jinks to-morrow
evening at Pastene's Hall, 314 Davis
street. An unusually entertaining pro
gramme has been prepared and excop
t"-nal musicnl talent has been engaged
for the occasion. Captain W. G. Leale,
the president of the club, will be the
master of the jinks.
From now on the Harbor Republican
Club will keep open house every evening
and great efforts are being put forward
In behalf of the Republican ticket, both
State and municipal.
Maguire Club Meets.
A meeting of the Forty-first District
Maguire League Club was held last even
ing in Tilton's Hall, corner of Octavia and
Union streets. W. P. Humphries Jr. pre
sided, and John J. Barrett was the speak
er of the evening. William Craig candi
date for Congress from the Fifth District,
marie his star speech of the campaign.
James E. Donahue entertained with vo
cal selections. The club decided to par
ticipate in the big parade this evening.
NON-PARTISAN
OVATION TO
REPUBLICANS
Independents Have a
Rousing Meeting.
BARRY TOOK A FALSE START
CHARLES L. PATTON RECEIVED
WITH ENTHUSIASM.
The Hefter Was Down on the Big
Bills for a Turn, but Did Not
Transpire.
Two thousand members and friends of
the Independent Municipal Club paid a
splendid tribute last evening to the worth
and popularity of Republican nominees
when Hon. Charles L. Patton and Julius
Kahn appeared before them at Odd Fel
lows' Hall. For full three minutes cheer
after cheer compelled the most expan
sive of Kahn smiles and the most digni
fied of Patton bows. It was the warmest
expression of non-partisan tendencies and
a bright presage of non-partisan entente —
as James H. Barry discovered when later
he appeared, and after having not felt
the pulse of his audience, followed Mr.
Kahn to the rostrum.
It was the announced plan of the club,
under whose auspices last night's demon
stration was held, to have present the
nominees of each party, that the oppo
nents for the several offices might have
an opportunity of debating the questions
of the campaign. The features of the
evening were to be the speeches of Kahn
and Barry, who oppose each other for
Congressional honors In the Fourth Dis
trict, and of Mr. Patton and Mr. Phelan.
The arrival of Messrs. Kahn and Patton
interrupted the opening address of Pres
ident Charles A. Reynolds. He was again
Interrupted by the arrival of Mr. Barry,
but the Hefter failed to interrupt any
thing, ignoring his promise he failed to
arrive, though during the evening a note j
was brought in saying that he was speak
ing at another meeting and would drop
in as soon as through.
Mr. Patton was Introduced as the first
speaker of the evening. Barry hadn't ar
rived when he began and did not get the
tip that the speaker's reception would
have given him. It was a repetition of
the' Initial greeting, and Mr. Patton's be
ginning was materially delayed by trying
to make himself heard.
Mr. Patton's speech was bluntly, hon
estly characteristic of the man. Said he:
"In coming before you as a candidate
for Mayor you are entitled to know who
I am and what I am and how I stand
on municipal questions. It Is my deter
mination in this campaign to talk to my
fellow citizens fearlessly and truthfully.
"I am unequivocally in favor of the
confirmation by the Legislature of the
new charter that the people of San Fran
cisco have elected to live under, and It is
my opinion that no man, no body of men
or any corporation, no matter what their
interests, have the right to prevent your
living under it.
"If elected your Mayor I shall conduct
municipal business as you and I would
conduct a buslnt-ss of our own. I be
lieve that this city can be run by a tax
levy of $1 on every $100 of the $350,000,000
of valuation. I shall try to do so.
"I am in favor of public ownership of
public utilities, which, under our new
charter, will be a glorious possibility. Un
der the present consolidation act we can
not successfully fight the allied corpora
tions—Spring Valley, the gas companies
and the railroad.
"The Democrats are telling you that
they are the only friends of the laboring
man. In our platform there is a clause
ihat provides that all public contracts
shall provide for $2 for each day of eight
hours' work, while there are plenty of
Democrats who think $30 per month
enough for any man who works. The
laboring man Is as good as any of God's
people, and we propose to give him the
same right and means to live and rear
and educate his family that any other
man has.
"If I am elected Mayor I want to say
to you now that no man, no corporation,
no boss or set of bosses owns or controls
my acts. With you and to you and my
self alone I will be responsible for the
safekeeping of my trust. I thank you."
Theodore F. Bonnet, Democratic nomi
nee for Sheriff, followed Mr. Patton, and
in a short speech pointed out that though
only a year In public office his record
there should show his capability for the
honest and efficient administration of the
affairs of the office he seeks.
George W. Collins, Republican aspirant
to Supervisorial honors in the Eighth
Ward, demonstrated In a short speech
that he was not over-strong on oratory,
but that his Intentions and ability for
honest work were standard, and the au
dience testified to its faith in him with
three lusty cheers and a tiger.
Judge Borden's explanation that, being
a Democratic aspirant to refill his own
office, he would not so far ignore neces
sary dignity as to Indulge in political
forenslcs, was interrupted by the arrival
of James H. Barry, who, it was an
nounced, had risen from a sick bed and
walked to the meeting.
Mr. Barry was cheered to the echo and
took his seat next Julius Kahn, after a
hearty handshake. Mr. Kahn was then
announced to speak and with his vote
winninK smile on active duty he pro
ceeded to do so.
"California has demonstrated to the
United States that in patriotism and loy
alty to the Government she is ilrst of all
the States. When President McKinley
made that call for volunteers California
was first in the field with a regiment. And
the regiment is there yet for the need for
it is not over. The war that has made
Mr. McKinley known the world over as
a great statesman still takes his time and
attention and for that reason it is neces
sary and due to him that you send to
Congress men who are in touch and sym
pathy with him. As Abraham Lincoln
said in his homely way, 'It is not wise to
swap horses while crossing a stream.'
"With our new trade relations it Is of
double Importance to us. We want Amer
ican ships and American sailors in the
Philippines and on the seas. We want
also a cable, and we want one end of it
anchored in San Francisco and the other
across the Pacific. We want San Fran
cisco manufacturers to have a chance
to bid on supplies for near-by Indian
agencies, and we want an appropriation
for our Postofflce. We want money to
dredge our rivers, so that competition
with the railroad may be possible, and
to get these things you should Fend a
man to Congress who will not bn with
the minority, and who, through his sym
pathy with the administration, can de
mand these things."
Mr. Barry came to the front after Mr.
Kahn. and after passing the glad hand
to his opponent, said:
"Mr. Kahn has said that I have alleged
that all of the Republican nominees are
creatures of the railroad. I did not. I
said that nearly all were." After a rea
sonable pause for the applause that
should have come, Mr. Barry continued:
"If it is only by a Republican Congress
that all of these things Mr. Kahn speaks
of can be got, why has not Mr. Loud got
these things in the last two years? If
the Republicans in Congress were not
railroad hirelings why did Huntington
pay all of his attention to Maguire and
never worry about Loud? Because Loud,
my friends, is a creature of the railroad."
(Excited cries of "No, no," "You're off,"
etc.)
"Henry T. Gage" but what Barry
had to say of Henry T. Gage was stopped
by a wild salvo of cheers that nearly left
the Odd Fellows' building roofless. Barry
compromised at the end of it with:
"That's right, cheer; if I were a Repub
lican I'd cheer, too." But Barry took
his cue. There was no more railroad and
no more charges against Loud. It was
simply a temperate, bloodless wind-up
such as the audience had a right to ex
pect from a man just off a sick bed.
Chairman Reynolds here called atten
tion to the fact that the Hefter was
down for a turn at his latest specialty
and that he would not adjourn the meet
ing until a reasonable time had elapsed.
The lapse was filled in with "timely
remarks" by a half dozen nominees to
minor offices, and the meeting was
closed,, sans the presence of the hefter.
DEMOCRATS AT EAST MISSION.
Maennerbund Hall the Scene of
the Congregtion of Office-
Seekers.
The party that is never at a loss to
make fair promises to its constituents on
the eve of an election assembled at Maen
nerbund Hall last night. By the aid of
a half-cord of firewood and a wheezing
band the honest and hard-working em
ployes of the tanneries and soap works
on the San Kruno road and the vicinity
of the New Potrero were enabled to lo
cate the place which the simon-pure De
mocracy had advertised as its place of
meeting. By 8 o'clock all the small boys
In the neighborhood had congregated at
the corner, as also the candidates who
vainly expect to be hoisted into public
office next month.
The meeting was called to order by
Deputy Sheriff Curtis, by virtue of his
office as a county committeeman of the
Job-chasers engineered into existence by
Boss Jimmy, the Hefter. State Senator
L. J. Dwyer was appointed chairman
of the meeting, and after a little talk
with his friends he proceeded to business
by introducing R. P. Doolan. the nominee
for Street Superintendent. Doolan prom
ised. If elected, to repair the Mission road,
as he had been dumped out of a go-cart
on that very day by reason of a rut in
the roadway. He had not yet learned
that Mission road Is now a public street
and a continuation of Mission street as
far as the county line. On the sugges
tion of Jimmy Klnney. he also promised
to look after the San Bruno road.
Barclay Henley, the nominee for Dis
trict Attorney, was the next speaker. He
started in by reminding his audience that
the Democratic party would do what the
Vigilance Committee had done in '56
and what the Wallace Grand Jury did a
few years ago— run the thugs and black
legs out of the city.
"The word 'boss,' " he said, "was hand
ed down to us from the days of Boss
Tweed, and picked up by Buckley and
Ralney, and now the purest 'boss' that
ever the sun shone on is Boss Phelan,
who has ambitions of which I am proud."
A bright picture was drawn of the fu
ture of the city when such a pure, able
and fearless jurist as Judge Wallace,
Hefting Jimmy and the other clean and
able men nominated by the picked con
vention of one hundred self-appointed
reputable citizens take office; then there
will be an exodus of thieves to Canada,
and the city will be what it should be,
one of the fairest In the United States.
John A. Brown. J. P. Dunn, Eugene D.
Sullivan, Dr. Charles Clinton, Jeremiah
Deasy, William McCormick— all nomin
ees—made short addresses to the voters.
The Mayor, otherwise Hefting Jimmy,
was booked for a talk, but up to a late
hour he forgot to show up, thus disap
pointing the many who came to see the
new boss of the Democratic party.
! MAGUIRE LEAGUE OF CLUBS.
Will Hold a Mass-Meeting To-Night
at Metropolitan Temple.
The Maguire League of Clubs will hold
a grand mass meeting to-night at Metro
politan Temple. Governor James H. Budd
will preside and Walt-er P. Stradley will
be the principal speaker of the evening.
James H. Barry, William Craig, John P.
Dunn and William M. Hlnton will make
short addresses, the Columbia quartet and
James K. Donahue, the popular barytone
singer, will render campaign songs.
The league is composed of one Maguire
club in each Assembly district of this city,
and is represented in the central organiza
tion by three delegates from each district
club. Great preparations have been made
by the league for an overflow meeting.
They will turn out In a body and escort
the Governor and speakers from th« Cali
fornia Hotel to .Metropolitan Temple.
They expect to have not less than two
thousand men in line. James D. Powers
has been selected as marshal of the even
ing The following clubs will meet and
march in a body to New Montgomery and
JVI a. rk(* t str©g ts *
Twenty-ninth District Club. Becker's
Hall, 14 Third street; Thirty-first, Howard
and Eighth streets; Thirty-seventh. Hayes
and Laguna streets; Thirty-eighth. Pow
ers' Hall, corner Turk and Pierce streets;
Thirty-ninth, Saratoga Hall Geary street,
near Larkin; Forty-second, Turners Ha 1,
310 O'Farrell street; Forty-third, California
Hall, Bush street, near Powell; Forty
fourth. Union Square, corner Union street
and Montgomery avenue; lorty-hfth,
Garibaldi Hall, Broadway
All other district clubs will assemble at
New Montgomery and Market streets,
7-30 p m . where they will all form in line
and march in a body from there to the
California Hotel to meet the Governor and
nartv The uniformed corps will head the
line "of march, leaving New Montgomery
and Market streets about 7:45 p. m. The
Governor will be accompanied in the car
riage by Walter P. Stradley. T E. Treacy,
William P. I-awlor and Charles H. Hol
comb grand president of the league. Os
car Hocks will act as master of cere
monies at the Tc-mple until the Governor
and party arrive.
W. A. Deane Central Club.
About 300 friends of William A. Deane,
mostly Native Sons, who favor his election
as County Clerk, assembled in Native
Sons' lliifl last evening and organized the
William A. Deane Central Club by the
election of the following officers: John C.
Nobman. president; J. L. Herget, vice
president; Russell R. Martin, secretary;
W G Cue, corresponding secretary; Jos
eph Greenberg, treasurer; A. C. Traut
vettei sergeant at arms. Mr. Nobman,
the president, who was one of the free
holders that framed the new charter, said
he was glad to see the enthusiasm dis
played in behalf of Mr. Deane for County
Clerk, as he was the right man for the
places-one who would, when elected, con
duct the office in an efficient and econ
omical manner. He was the choice of the
legal fraternity and those who believed In
rewarding an' experienced and faithful
man of affairs. Fred H. Jung, the young
attorney, said he had never taken any
active interest In politics, but he was mak
ing a canvass for William A. Deane and
felt he would win by a big majority. The
meeting was composed of men of all
shades of politics. Even School Director
Derham. a Democrat, was present to in
dorse Mr. Deane's candidacy.
Independent Democrats.
The Independent Democrats of the Thlr
■ ty-fourth Assembly District met last
evening at Fox's Hall on the corner of
Fifteenth and Guerrero streets. Well
known old-time Democrats addressed the
meeting. Among them were the follow
ing: M. C. Byrne, H. P. Smith, J. Kav
anaugh, E. Casserly and J. Reynolds.
They denounced the action of the self
styled convention of one hundred and
the placing on the ticket as candidates
for the suffrage of Democrats men who
two years ago openly denounced the
standard bearer, "\\ illiam J. Bryan.
Meetings will be held every Tuesday
evening. '
German Maguire Club.
The South End German Maguire Club
met last night at 619 Bryant street, Presi
dent H. B. Goecken in the chair. The
meeting was very largely attended. Many
prominent speakers were present. Re
marks were made by H. D. Reader of
Quartz, Cal.; Mr. Rlef, president of the
North Beach German- American Club; Mr.
Berger. Captain Sievert and President H.
B. Goecken.
WILL STUMP
THE STATE FOR
GAGE AND NEFF
Series of Mass-Meet
ings Arranged.
HON. WEBSTER DAVIS BILLED
HE WILL MAKE BUT ONE AD-
DRESS IN THIS CITY.
D. A. McKinlay to Talk on Single
Tax — Dates for Local and
Suburban Masg-Meet
ings Set.
The Republican State Executive Com
mittee Is arranging a series of mass meet
ings to take the State by storm, and it is
safe to say that by the Bth of Novem
ber every district in the State will have
heard Gage, Neff and other Republican
leaders and will be educated up to tne
great issues of the campaign.
While during many campaigns the pood
speakers have been kept for the larger
cities and the poorer ones delegated to
the interior districts, there will be none
of it this time. The committee will have
many speakers and all will be good speak
ers; men noted for their power of ora
tory and logical address; and they will
Mump the State thoroughly for the stand
ard bearers of the Republican party.
There will be no false issues presented to
the public and no playing to the galleries.
The great issues of the campaign will be
set forth clearly and distinctly, and all
those subjects which might catch the
public ear, but in reality have no direct
bearing, will be carefully avoided.
Chief among the speakers is Webster
Davis, First Assistant Secretary of the
Interior. Mr. Davis is not only well
known as a speaker, but he has an un
assailable record as a public official. He
has served the public for many years and
bears the record of a man who, possessed
of the gift of oratory, has never used it
save in the < ause of what he believed to
be right. His one speech in this city
will be made near the close of the cam
paign, in Woodward's Pavilion, on the
evening of the 31st. His other dates are
as follows: Sacramento, October 22;
Oakland, 24: San Jose. 25; Modesto, 26;
Fresno, 27; Bakersfleld, 28.
As far as the local meetings are con
cerned the State and municipal commit
tees are working together and the meet-
Ings In this city will be under their joint
auspices. To-night Hon. Charles E. Pat
ton, D. A. McKinlay and others will ad
dress a meeting at Cyclery Hall, Haight
and Stanyan streets. To-morrow night
a big meeting will be held In Metropoli
tan Temple. D. A. McKinlay will Speak
at this meeting and will devote his at
tention particularly to an expose of some
single tax theories. He is well posted
on this subject, and those who have been
carried on the wings of this doctrine are
particularly urged to be present. It is
also worthy of note that W. J. Brady of
the Eureka Boiler Works, a life-long
Democrat, will preside at this meeting.
E. F. Preston, who accompanied Gage in
his successful tour of the San Joaquin
Valley, Is billed for Odd Fellows" Hall
on Friday evening of this week. Mr.
Preston spoke at several meetings during
the tour and won great applause.
Colonel H. I. Kowalsky will speak at
Tomales on October 22, and A. L. Hart
and Tlrey L. Ford began a canvass of
Humboldt County last night. Both of
these gentlemen are so well known as to
need no comment .and the party is con
fident of their success In this district.
For the future the only meetings ar
ranged in this city are for October 2S
and 29. The meeting of the 2Sth will be
held in Metropolitan Temple under the
auspices of the Army and Navy Repub
lican League, and the veterans promise
that it will be the biggest thing of the
campaign. The address of the evening
will be made by General W. H. L.
Barnes. On the 2Pth the students of the
two universities, Stanford and California,
will hold a big meeting at Woodward's
Pavilion. There will be four speakers
from the universities and some from the
outside. Music will be furnished by the
band and glee clubs of the two colleges.
The campaign will be closed at Los An
geles on the evening of November 5, when
George A. Knight will be the chief
speaker.
First Tramp (on bicycle)— Say. Bill,
got anj-thing to mend a punctured tire?
Second Tramp (loftily)— Take my
wheel; I can get another In the next
town.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ._... . .
00000000«a00»C(»J3oo00a««000000O000 «-<»
IHaveYouGotVARICOCELEPi
» ( Vi^
8 "*"
j DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT WILL CURE YOU ■
CURED OF VARICOCELE IN TWO MONTHS.
M LITTLE SHASTA CAL tt
W DR. BANDEN: As I have been advising my friends to try your famous Uelt I wish
t% to tell you my experience. It has cured me Of a very bad ease of Varicocole as w«il Q
"I, as verj- weak vital system. I was so badly run down and had a large swelling on the v*
W left side. My strength was gradually lea\-lng me. and I felt that I wtfuld die <f 1 «
fx didn't get help. I was advised to try your Belt, and got one. It helped me at once it
and In thirty days I was greatly Improved. My friends remarked at my Increase In ii
Q weight. In two months the Varicocele was all gone, and I was as strong as ever
have been all right since. It also cured my brother of sciatic rheumatism Tours £t
O truly. C. H. GLASER. Cj
W. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt la an absolute cure for Varicocele. It overcomes the "
w disease In a simple, scientific manner. x%
iJt It has thousands of other cures. They are reported dally. It cures all weakness y£
>•< In men. If you are troubled with weakness In any way, call and examine this won- **
w derful Bolt. Test the powerful current it gives and sea how easily regulated It Is £f,
Q Don't be ignorant of a remedy which may correct all your past mistakes and assure
your future happiness. Don't delay, act now. Get the book. "Three Classes of &
Q. Men," devoted to the weaknesses of men, tells the cause of early decay In young and v*
w mlddl*-aged men. It shows how Electricity, properly applied, will restore this *"*
w power, and gives the proof. It Is free upon application. A call preferred. rt
S DR. SANDEN,
q TOt Marktt Btmt, Ctrnar Kearny, Btn rrta«iM).
w Of flee hours, 8 ft. 1 m. to tp. m. ; Sundaya, 10
** to 1. Bt'.nches at Los Anfteles, Cal., 232 Wcjt
rt Second atreet; Portland. Or., 353 Washington
atreet; Denver. Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street;
« Dallas. Tex.. 283 Main stroet; Butte., Mont..
w 110 North : Main : street. ' ' •
DEMOCRATS BASE
HOPES ON VOTES
OF NON-PARTISANS
Candidates Don't Rely
on Party Support.
NEW CHARTER AS AN ISSUE
PHELAN PROMISES A MILLEN
NIUM IF RE-ELECTED.
Says. Taxes Scare People Away From
the City— Other Candidates
Make Short Campaign
Speeches.
The Democrats held a mass-meetfng In
Franklin Hall, on Fillmore street, last
night, the principal speakers being James
D. Ptielan, Franklin K. Lane and Bar
clay Henley.
The meeting was opened by Jasper Mc-
Donald, chairman of Phelan's commit
tee of one hundred, who introduced Den
zel Stone as chairman of the evening.
Mr. Stone made a few opening remarks,
thanking the audience for its presence,
and expressed the- hope that the Fortieth
District would do more for the Demo
cratic party this year than it has done
in the past. He then introduced Sid
ney Van Wyck as the first speaker. Mr.
Van Wyck said a few kind words for tha
new charter and expressed himself as
feeling confident that the district would
come out for Phelan. It supported the
new charter, he said, and as Phelan was
partial to the charter he was confident
that it would support Phelan.
Franklin K. Lane, Democratic candi-
date for City and County Attorney, was
next introduced. Mr. Lane, like all the
speakers of the evening, spoke for the
new charter. He said that he was one
of the framers of the document, which he
considered good, though not perfect, and
that if elected he would interpret it ac
cording to its spirit: he understood it
thoroughly and would never strain a point
to defeat its objects. He then went into
the other Issues of the campaign and
placed an oratorical halo around the head
of the Democratic candidate for Mayor.
He did not expect Phelan to be elected
by the Democrats, and in fact, none of
the speakers did; he felt that Phelan had
been turned down by members of his own
party, and banked on the Non-Partisan
vote— the men who throw aside party and
vote for principle. He admitted that the
good men were not all on one side, but
that it was not a question of party this
time, but of principle.
Mayor Phelan arrived shortly after the
conclusion of Mr. Lane's speech and was
tendered an ovation by the crowd. Ho
stepped on the platform and thanked
them for the loyalty shown, remarking
that it was rather pleasant after the luke
warmness shown by certain members of
the party of which he was proud to be a
member. He then launched Into a series
of encomiums on the new charter and
prophesied great things for the city as
soon as it is in force, pledging himself to
support it in every way. He next took a
fall out of corporations in general and
said some iinpleasant things about the
Chronicle and its proprietor. He hoped
for the day when this city might shake
off corporation rule, and promised to do
all in his power to hasten it. Gas and
water are altogether too high and the
railroad has too much to say. New
York is a bigger city than San Francisco,
yet the commodities are cheaper. Peo
ple visit the city intending to make it
their place of residence, but when they
see the freight bill, the tax bill, the
water bill and the gas bill they are
frightened away. He promised if re
elected to do all in his power to remedy
these evils, and was confident that the
other Democratic candidates would sup
port him. He relies not on his party, but
on the Non-Partisan vote for re-election.
Rhodes Borden, Theodore F. Bonnet,
Flnlay Cook, John A. Brown, Louis F.
Byington. Barclay Henley. R. P. Doolan.
Hull McClaughry, James H. Kelly, Leon
ard Stone and John A. Wright were in
troduced in turn and made short
speeches. All took up the charter as an
issue and prayed for Non-Partisan votes.
E. I. Sheehan Club Organized.
The E. I. Sheehan Republican Club was
organized Saturday night with a mem
bership of 100. The club elected the fol
lowing officers: Joe Peckerman, presi
dent: Henry Stone, treasurer.
The object of the club is to support E.
I. Sheehan for Tax Collector, Al C. Ber
thier for Recorder and William A. Deana
for County Clerk.-
It Wears Out a Man's Life— «
It Ruins Vitality and Do- *
stroys Ambition. *
Vkrtcoeele 13 an enlargement of O
the veins, a clogging of the circu- >i
latlon. It comes from excesses,
from injury, from strain and f»-om <l
great weakness of the vital parts, v-
It causes *■>
Dragging Pains in the Back, Pains in $
the Groin and Abdomsn, General q
Weakness and Lassitude, and Early O
Destruction of Vitality. 9
Men of forty feel like sixty when S
they have \aricocele. It kills all &
ambition and makes young men feel «
that the brightness has gone out
of life. It Is a secret drain that &
eata up manl-- strength as surely «
as does consumption. Have you w
got it? If so, $
—————— -* tt
NOT DRUB STORES. g
Dr. S«nden*s Electrio Belt J*l
to never sold In drug stores *j
ror by traveling agents: only «
at our office. . w
]• * ' _ m <*
56
Sir*
TUESDAY OCTOBER 18, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F.
. ; . . Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1&74.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL- (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tbls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
6i," cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL On« year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE.. .'.'.Z'.. 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riifi* Hooso |
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 3*7 Hayes street, ooen until
9-.SO o'clock- 6*l McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clocK- 615 Larlrln street, open until 9:30 o'clock..
1941 Mission street, open tinttl 10 •'clock 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth. os>en until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENT**.
Baldwin— "Ijove In Harness."
Columbia— "By the Sad Sea Watee."
Alcazar— "Th* Wife."
Motosoo'b— "Straight From the Heart."
Tivoll— "The Circus Queen."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
New Comody Theater— "Where's Matilda?"
AJhambra, Eddy and Jones streets— Vaude\-IIIe.
The Chutes— Lillian Btewart, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olytnpla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Odd Fellows* Ma^uerade Ball, Saturday, October 22.
Sutro's Baths Swimming.
Roaenthal— Comlny In February.
Bhertnan & Clay Hall— First Helnrich Recital Tuesday
Evening.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterflel This day, October 18, Furniture, at
EU Geary street, at 11 o'clock.
By Killip & Thursday, October 20, Horses, at corner
'an Ness avenue and Market streets, at 11 o'clock.
TRAFFIC IN THE DEfID.
TO say that a thrill of horror went through the
community at the revelations as to an unholy
traffic in skins stripped from the human dead is
to state the truth too mildly. The senses protest
against accepting such revolting allegations. Decency
prefers to think that for the sake of sensation a wild
story has been contrived with no basis in fact. The
story is literally true and as } r et but partly told.
It was with no desire to create a sensation that The
Call set forth the details of the ghoulish fad which
has made women forget the humane impulses sup
posed to dominate them, and become as disgusting
as the hyena gnawing a bone in the shadows of the
cemetery. That any woman who would wear raiment
or ornaments made from human integument is as
offensive in her savagery as the tribal belle decorated
with the teeth of warriors or the skulls of babes, is
beyond denial. She Is even worse, for she has been
reared to be gentle to the living and reverent toward
the silent clay. In bedecking herself with gauds from
the charnel-house she becomes a degenerate, entitled
to no respect, unfit to associate with anght that is
clean and pure and natural. She deserves to be hissed
from society and have her own hide marred by the
cat-o'-nine tails beyond the possibility of future tan
ning.
The sole object of The Call was to direct attention
to a horrible abuse. There are laws bearing directly
on this matter. To the humblest dead there is given
the right of sepulcher. Any violation of this right
is an outrage, and a wanton violation for the purpose
of bedizening a fool is an outrage so gross there can
be no shadow of excuse for it. Students and doctors
who connive at it deserve to go to the penitentiary,
for society is entailed to protection against such
morally misshapen creatures.
There is hope the exposures thus far made will re
sult in reform. If they fail to do so there are other
facts available still more grew«ome and startling.
THE LEGISLATIVE TICKET.
WHILE no part or point of the political contest
now going on should be overlooked by Re
publicans and all voters desiring the continu
ance of prosperity, there are important reasons why
special attention should be given to the election of
the Republican legislative ticket. As a United States
Senator is to be chosen this winter, these reasons
affect national as weil-as State politics, and involve is
sues of the greatest moment to the country.
From the standpoint of a regard for the welfare of
the State it must be clear to all that grave evils
would result from the election this fall of a Legisla
ture favorable to the single tax scheme and other
political vagaries of Maguire. The development of
the wealth and civilization of California is largely
dependent at this juncture upon the attraction which
she offers to capital, to men of enterprise and to
thrifty and industrious home-seekers. Radical legis
lation of any kind would seriously impair the reputa
tion of the State in financial and industrial circles and
cause sagacious business men to hesitate before in
vesting their capital or making their homes here.
When in addition to these reasons drawn from con
siderations of local affairs there is taken into account
the importance of electing a stanch supporter of the
administration and the great policies of sound money
and protection to succeed Senator White, the high
importance of electing a straight Republican legisla
tive ticket must be apparent to all.
Until the Senate is Republican by a safe majority
the government of the nation will always be uncer
tain. Great policies cannot be carried out if the Sen
ate is antagonistic to the President and the House of
Representatives. California is counted on to do her
share toward providing a Republican majority in the
Senate by the election this winter, and she must not
fail to fulfill the high expectations of the nation.
Recognizing the importance of the issues dependent
upon the Legislature, the Republican convention has
put forward a ticket of great personal strength. The
candidates chosen are men who merit the suffrages of
their fellow-citizens by character as well as by the
fact that they represent Republicanism. They deserve
support on the ground of individual ability and in
tegrity as much as upon the ground of their political
affiliation with the party of conservative government
and public prosperity.
The ticket stands for a sound, business-like, eco
nomical management of the affairs of California and
the election of a stanch Republican to the United
States Senate. Republicans, independents and conser
vative citizens of all kinds should see to it that every
man on it is elected.
Barclay Henley will, perhaps, catch the Mexican
vote, but this is not large. If really pining for office
he should try for it in our sister republic
INDECENCY SHOWS THEIR DESPERA
TION.
r~> EFOULED with the mud of the political pool
|) in which they wallow, the active forces of Phe
lan are striving to bespatter the opposing can
didate. They see him gaining strength, the chances
of the Mayor daily waning. Where once they had
arrogant confidence they show fear. They still boast
and bluster, but in all they say there is a hollow in
sincerity. Failing to find argument they resort to
abuse, falsehood, spying— the methods of the sneak. It
is well for decency that they should have done this.
The spectacle is not pleasing, but the effect will be to
make Patton's victory more pronounced. The time
has passed when vilification from characterless sheets
run by men of shameful and unclean records can in
jure the citizen against whom their forces may be
directed.
Since the nomination of Patton, particularly since
the fact has been apparent that he was to sweep from
place and power Phelan, the Committee of One Hun
dred and the iniquitous practices which have made
of the Mayor a political boss, the Republican candi
date has been dogged by Examiner spies, of whom
one is a sneak thief, who was exposed by this paper
less than a year ago. In the candidate's ordinary course
about the city some of these precious creatures have
been always at his heels. They have fol
lowed him to his office, his club, his home. They
have noted all whom he met, and, when unable to get
an ample ear close to the conversation, have imagined
a conversation. They have distorted every remark,
every act. They have set forth no truth. And every
lie has added to Patton's strength. They cannot see
this. They are blind with rage. The mud they try to
throw clings to their own fingers.
Naturally the Bulletin echoes the words of the big
ger and possibly more yellow daily, but this circum
stance is only of interest in demonstrating that cer
tain beasts of prey are imitated in their well-known
habit of hunting in pairs.
Phelan knows that the tide is against him. He is
directing a fight which is marred and weakened by
the very bitterness of it. This is apparently his idea
of what a fight should be when his political future is
at stake. It is for him an unhappy conception. The
indecency of desperation may delve in muck until the
counting of the last ballot, but it wins no triumphs,
2nd it injures only the cause it represents.
The Call does not wish to be understood as advo
cating the propriety of any man's going into a saloon
at 2 o'clock in the morning or any other hour.
Neither does it believe in telling him that he shall
not, nor in any other manner interfering with his
personal liberty. If it did it might ask where on
Devisadero street the Examiner's candidate for
Mayor was at the hour it charges, as if charging a
dire offense, that Mr. Patton was taking a drink. This
is a free country- Mr. Patton was on his way home
after a day of hard work. He had a right to be tak
ing a drink, or a lunch or a cigar. Possibly the Mayor
had an equal right to be on Devisadero street. At
least nobody has calied his right into question.
VOTE IT DOWN.
THE tax-eating tendencies of the Third-street or
gan of the Phelan Democracy are illustrated in
the ardent support it is according to constitu
tional amendment No. 7 (known to the statutes as
Assembly amendment No. 34;. This amendment
proposes not only to set up a new system for the con
summation of legislative jobs in this State, but it
provides for extending the sessions of the Legislature
and increasing the pay of its members. The latter,
indeed, is the real purpose of the attempted change.
A scheme by which the State's biennial soions are to
be given more time in which to pass bills is lugged in
to conceal it.
Several times already the people have voted down
constitutional amendments designed to increase the
pay of members of the Legislature, and unless they
are misled to their detriment they will vote down this
one. The logic of the history which has been made
in this department of constitutional legislation is that
the people of California consider sixty days a suffi
cient time in which to transact the business of the
Legislature, and that they do not want to pay for any
longer period.
The chief end of the existence of the Democratic
organ, however, is to fasten tax-eaters upon the
treasury. The genius of its party consists in multi
plying the number of those who live upon the public
Its candidate for Governor has held office all his life,
and his followers are made up of office-seekers. It is
not unnatural, therefore, that it should be found sup
porting a constitutional amendment which proposes
to waste more public money under the pretext that
a change in the method of legislating at Sacramento
will improve the quality of our laws.
Constitutional amendment No. 7 increases the
duration of legislative sessions from sixty to seventy
five days, and adds about $20,000 to the cost of the
biennial assemblages of our lawmakers. No provision
is made in the amendment for electing better men
nor for improving the character of the jobbers and
schemers who lead those now elected into temptation.
There is simply a proposition to add $20,000 to the
legislative expenses of the State on the flimsy pretext
that a change in system will affect a change in legis
lation.
Notwithstanding the specious pleas of the Demo
cratic organ, the people should vote this amendment
down. No good can be accomplished by its adoption.
On the contrary, a great deal of evil may result from
dividing sessions of the Legislature into two parts. If
bills are introduced and thirty days are allowed to
elapse before they are considered, during which time
members may "consult" their constituents, the lobby
ists will make better use of the vacation than the peo
ple. They will gather their forces for the final pull
and will do their bribing all over the State instead
of in the Capitol at Sacramento. In no event will the
people gel anything out of such a scheme. The
amendment is merely a job for picking their pockets,
and they should not be misled by the Democratic
organ into voting for it.
Although the charge that Kelly is running Repub
lican politics is untrue, he would not be any more
disreputable a leader than Andy Lawrence, who is
running the Mayor, the latter being this year the
Democratic party all by himself.
Cheering word has been received that the health of
the Chinese Emperor is good. For a man who has
died by various methods from poison to burning oil
this may be regarded as remarkable.
Philippine insurgents are reported as insolent and
likely to make trouble. A duty of Uncle Sam's will
be to make this trouble mutual.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1898.
\A R. POMEROY, who speaks for the Single
/ \ Tax Society of Alameda County, has made
*■ * complaint in these columns of misrepresenta
tions of the single tax theory, which have appeared
in The Call. Mr. Pomeroy is feeling so badly about
this that he issues a challenge, to all and singular, to
discuss the subject with him. Inasmuch as The Call
has only published Maguire's speeches on that sub
ject, and conclusions fairly deducible therefrom, we
must refer Mr. Pomeroy to Judge Maguire as the
proper person to respond to his challenge.
Mr. Pomeroy says that Republican single-taxers
are compelled this year to vote against their party.
This is no news to The Call. We said early in the
campaign that every Republican single-taxer would
vote for Maguire. They know just where they are
and just what they are doing. They pay Judge
Maguire the back-handed compliment of impeaching
his truthfulness and candor in saying that land con
fiscation is not an issue in this campaign. If Maguire
tell the truth why should «uch Republicans as Mr.
Pomeroy vote against their party? We don't intend
to be harsh when we say that they vote for Maguire
because they know he does not tell the truth.
Not long ago The Call drew the fire of an anar
chist. Mr. Prcble, who declared himself for Maguire
on account of his speech in favor of anarchy and its
devotees and apostles. Yet Maguire will no doubt
deny that his views in favor of anarchy are an issue
in this campaign. But the anarchists seem to think
that he would not tell the truth, for they support him.
Mr. Pomeroy, who is supporting Maguire because
he does not believe what he says, offers to prove
eleven propositions relating to the single tax — that it
'. would:
First — Cheapen land.
Second — Would encourage industry.
Third — Discourage speculation.
Fourth — Raise the wages of labor.
Fifth — Increase the earnings of capital invested in
industry.
Sixth — Reduce the California farmers' taxes to a
quarter of the present tax they pay.
Seventh — Prevent one man living off another's
labor, except by charity.
Eighth — Destroy monopoly.
Ninth — Abolish the "lobby."
Tenth — Raise the wages to the full product of labor.
Eleventh — And could not be shifted.
We admit the first proposition. Judge Maguire
says it will instantly destroy all existing investments
in land. This being true, land will not have any price.
If its present owners are instantly divested of title, as
Maguire says they .vill be, they have nothing to sell,
and of course it is worth nothing.
Robbing men in this State of property valued at
$716,000,000 may tend to encourage industry, since
they will have to scratch somehow to make good the
loss of their land investment, which is to be "instantly
destroyed," according to Maguire. That it will raise
the wages of labor is something that can only be
proved or disproved by the fact itself. As a general
proposition the destruction of property in which the
wages of labor have been invested, directly or through
savings banks, which hold for their depositors
equities in real estate, will tend to demoralize in
dustry and wages. That wages can be raised by the
destruction of property in which capital is invested
and that the earnings of capital can be at the same
time increased is a proposition that ought to go into
Max Nordau's "Paradoxes." Equally paradoxical is
the proposition that exempting improvements, per
sonal property, mortgages, moneys and credits and
railroads from taxation, representing as they do $615.
344,846 of the assessment of 1894. while country land
was valued at $417,437,352 the same year, will reduce
the tax on the country land to one-fourth what it is
now. As well say that if two men are carrying a load
of 1000 pounds, and one steps out and leaves it all on
the shoulders of the other, it will then weigh only 250
pounds.
The seventh, eighth, ninth and tenth propositions
are all within the dreamy realm of prophecy. We can
deny them just as easily as the land confiscators as
sert them. They are based on the theory that man is
the creature of statute and not natural law, and can
be made industrious, unselfish, moral and upright by
an act entitled an act, regardless of the element of
personal character.
The eleventh proposition that a tax on land, which
Judge Maguire says will "instantly destroy" private
ownership, cannot be shifted, is no doubt true.
Neither the tax nor the land would move. The shift
ing would be left to the land-owner, when, as Maguire
says, he is "expelled from the land he claims by its
lawful owner, society."
This is not intended as a discussion of the funda
mentals of land confiscation, since our sole interest
ip Mr. Pomeroy's letter is his intention to support
Maguire because he believes he is not telling the
truth.
\4 UCH ado is being made over the circtim
/ \ stance that Howard Gould is likely to forfeit
* * $5,000,000 for his temerity in having married
the woman of his choice. In reality there is no oc
casion for fuss. He can forfeit this sum and still
have remaining more money than, in all probability,
he can intelligently handle. He will have left a sum
at least equal to the sum he must relinquish.
There is a false idea as to the value of money in
itself. When a man is engaged in big enterprises
where a vast capital is necessary, perhaps $10,000,000
would be preferable to half as much. The case of
young Gould is different. The money he possesses
was made by the skillful and unscrupulous Jay, who
began his career by larceny, and to the end of his
days never permitted himself to be hampered by any
thing akin to honesty. He was as truly a gambler as
Soapy Smith, although in a measure lacking the fine
sense of honor which was Soapy's distinguishable
trait. If Howard has an ambition to gamble on a
scale of equal magnificence, of course he will miss for
a time the money the will of his distinguished father
calls upon him to relinquish. Otherwise, he can let
it go and be none the worse off.
When a hungry man sits down to a feast he satis
fies the pang of famine, and however much may be
left on the table is a matter of no consequence to him.
It is the same way with money, or ought to be.
Human desires cannot go beyond a certain point,
and that point having be*n attained, any further am
bition is mere selfishness. There could not be a more
foolish passion than that for heaping up gold beyond
a hoard which may be profitably expended. If
Gould's wife costs him only $5,000,000, and is the wife
he wants, she is cheap at the price.
When an officer of a United States cruiser is re
fused landing in the Philippines without having first
secured the permission of Aguinaldo it is time for that
fake ruler to he jerked out of the executive chair and
lambasted with a leg of the same.
Colonel Berry seems to have an almost unequaled
facility for getting into hot water.
LAND CONFISCATION.
PRICE OF (\ WIFE.
SAYS THE LORD MAYOR LIED.
That and Other Serious Charges Made
Against the Plug-Hat Boss bu
Dr. J, F. Gibbon.
To the Editor of The Call-Sir: We are on the eve of an election for city
officers, and it is the duty of every citizen WHO favors reform and good »B»v
err.ment to show the wrong acts of any candidate who is unworthy of pumic
confidence. ...
Did James D. Phelan make a good Mayor? I propose to show where he am
not.
A resolution of intention was passed by the Board of Supervisors to pave
First avenue with bituminous rock and artificial stone sidewalk full width from
Golden Gate Pa.rk to the Government reservation, nearly a mile in length. The jod
was protested against by all of the property owners with one exception, an
estate that had millions to pay for the doing of its lot. The protest defeatea
it for a time, but that did not deter the jobbers from trying again. It was again
protested against on the ground that it was premature, there being vegetable
gardens, cow pasture, three or four cheaply constructed houses on the line or
it, no Bewers, gas or water pipes laid, and If done as proposed would have to be
done over again at the expense of the property owners or by the city.
Having no confidence in the Beard of Supervisors to do Justice to the prop
erty owners of this town or any other, I called on the Lord Mayor and said:
"Mr. Phelan, I came to oppose a jobbers' job. We voted for you and depend
on you to protect the property owners of this town from jobbers. From the way
street work is rushed through it appears that the street contractors and pav
ing companies own the Street Committee." He said: ."Name them." "I
can't," I said, "but you watch them and you will soon find out. The street con
tractors and paving companies have their agents out like a lot of leeches to
find property to fasten on and to draw money from the owners. He said:
"Wouldn't it enhance the value of the property?" I said no; besides many or
the property owners are poor widows and orphans with mortgages on their lots,
and this exponaive pavement, if put down, would be equivalent to confis
cating their properties. He told me he would look into the matter, and when I
called again he assured me that he would be satisfied with blue rock macadam
and artificial stone walk four feet wide; that would answer all purposes and for
years to come, and that he would oppose the bituminous pavement.
Soon after my interview with the Lord Mayor I was approached by two men.
One said he represented the Pacific Paving Company, who always did first
class work, and the contract was likely to go to Bingham, who hadn't a reputa
tion for doing good work and if I would sign for his company to do the work it
would be well done. I told him it was a "Job." The Mayor would not approve it
and I would not pay for it. The object in having the other man present who said
not a word was to see if I dropped a word committing myself to his company
to do the work and hold me for its payment. Liingham. the man condemned for
doing bad work, was r»-ally the one the contract was awarded to by the board
and assigned by him to the Pacific Paving Company to do the work, which was
done. Bingham" being their agent.
In a few days the same men called on me again and told me that Mayor
Phelan had signed for the bituminous rock pavement and artificial stone walk
full width. I told them I would not believe it, as Mayor Phelan assured me he
would have no other but oiue rock macadam. I called on Mr. Phelan and asked
him did he sign the First avenue Job, and the answer was he did not know as
there were so many thing.-* that came up for his approval and he did not remem
ber whether he signed it or not. I said that it was very queer a matter of so
great importance could go through his r.fllce without his knowledge.
He touched the call-b^ll and nis hired man appeared, and he was asked if the
Mayor had signed, and th« answer was he did not know. I said it was funny
that Jobs of th.'it magnitude, nearly a mile in length, involving thousands of
dollars could go through the Mayor's office without either of them knowing
anything about it. I was requested to call in a day or two and would get an
answer. Being suspicious that they were trying to deceive me. I called in four
or five days, and when I opened the door the Lord Mayor's secretary saw who
was coming and put a scowl on his face, as he didn't want to see me. I asked
him did the Mayor sien the First avenue job. He paused and said yes. Nuw
both knew that the job had been signed when I called before, but they tried the
politician's dfrige by trying to lie out of it. Mr. Phelan hobnobbles with the mil
lionaire Crockers and owners of the old racetrack property fronting on First
avenue and allowed them to put down blue rock macadam costing 7 c**nts per
foot and the pour widows and orphans were saddled with the costly bituminous
and artificial stone sidewalk. Now why didn't he treat us all alike?
Now I don't charge Mr. Phelan with making any money out of such jobs, as
he is not interested in that way, but it is done to help him, politically, as he is
ambitious to be a great man, to be Governor, Senator, etc. It matters not whether
an official be he Mayor, Supervisor, etc.. injures a community by his acts for
money or 'for political purposes, ft amounts to the same thing, and of the two the
trusted politician is the worse, as generally the man that takes the bribe is al
ways suspected.
In all his appointments the best men were not considered, but men who would
keep him politically. The dear people were not considered in selecting the com
mittee of one hundred to frame a charter, etc. Did he invite the various repre
sentative bodies of the city to send or appoint delegates? Oh. no, but he appoint
ed notorious politicians to do political work for him. He plays the confidence
game by playing to the gallery, by denouncing the railroad. Spring Valley Water
Company gas and other corporations, when he is a big corporation himself. He
so far as to criticize the Supreme Court because it did not do the Lord May
ors bidding. The way to do with the would-be oligarchist is for the voters to rele
gate him by their votes on November 8 to his CiUb library to study political econ
omy I appeal to my friends and the fnonds of good government to vote for
Charles L Pattnn, who Is not a politician, but is a man whom the people may
trust to do Justice to all. 'Respectfully. j. F . GIBBON. "
A PLEA FOR
SANTA CRUZ.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 13, I*9B.
Editor Call— Dear sir: In view of the
fact that it has baen widely published,
through a misapprehension of the
truth, that this city has been saddled
with a debt of from half to three
quarters of a million dollars by a re
> cent decision of the United States Cir
cuit Court, we deem it our duty to call
your attention to a few facts concern
ing the financial status of this city and
to respectfully solicit you to give cur
rency thereto through the columns of
your paper, at least to so much there
of as will tend to correct the false and
unjust reports recently circulated.
W. H. LAMB, Mayor,
W. V. PKiNGLE,
H. RANDALL,
JACOB LEIBBRANDT.
J. B. MAHER,
Councilmen.
The actual indebtedness of the city of
Santa Cruz at the present time is $155,
2&3 14.
This debt was incurred in the con
struction of a system of water works,
an electric light system, sewere and
bridges. 
In 1894 the city Issued refunding
bonds to cover the then existing debt.
These bonds were purloined, without
rendering the city any value, and the
payment of these refunding bonds has
been refused and will be resisted to the
last. An adverse decision afrectlng a
portion of these bonds in the United
States Circuit Court gave rise to the
erroneous reports complained of.
The tax rate in this city since the
construction of the water works in 1890
has averaged $1 42 on the $100, on an
average valuation of $3,687,535. Out of
this has been paid the interest on the
debt and a sinking fund of $15,000 a
year.
Santa Cruz levies no merchant s li
cense.
It maintains a free library of 10,000
volumes.
It has eighty-four electric street
lights.
Water is practically free for domes
tic use and for irrigating lawns and
gardens. The pressure is sufficient to
throw water over the roof of the high
est building in the town.
JINGLES AND JESTS.
"There's a man who has had many a
narrow escape from being shot."
"Indeed! Was he one of the Rough
Riders who rushed up that hill at Caney?"
"No He was an Adirondack guide for
nearly three weeks."— Chicago News.
Young Lawyer— The verdict is a dis
appointment. My client gets 6 cents dam
ages.
Friend— I suppose that, like the
average legal cormorant, you'll grab the
whole thing.— Puck.
Pastor— Have you seriously considered
the great question of life, Mary?
Girl Parishioner— None of the young
men has asked me yet, sir.— Truth.
Wife—^Vho was that who called?
Husband— One of my tenants called to
pay me his rent.
"Did he pay it?"
"Yes."
"Then why do you look so gloomy?"
"He didn't say a word about wanting
£13 or £20 worth of repairs."
"What of it?"
"That shows that he is going to leave."
Tit-Bits.
At the Chamber of Commerce Harry
Rigdon introduced his uncle from the
country to Billy Montgomery.
Billy— What's the matter with the old
gentleman? He looks exhausted.
Harry— Why, he's been running after
moving vans all day. Thought they were
circus wagons. — Cincinnati Enquirer.
Smithers— Why don't you run for School
Director, Brown?
Brown— Well, you see, sir, there is the
farm to look after, and the work on the
roads, the timber to cut, the strong party
feeling, my views on the educational ques
tion, my tax theory, my ideas of the
money problem, and then, besides— my
wife wants to run.— Harper's Bazar.
"I don't mind these new reform ideas
of the Kmperor," said Li Hung Chang
pensively; but—"
"You resent the loss of your yellow
jacket and peacock feathers?
"I could go without them. I don't want
any embellishments. This effort to deco
rate me with a bell punch and a cash reg
ister is what arouseß my resentment "—
Washington Star.
QUESTION OF A
FREE MARKET
Editor Morning Call— Gentlemen: On
the subject of a "free market" permit
me to make a statement of facts apper
taining: thereto, with which probably
neither you nor the press nor public
are generally familiar.
There never was and never can be a
more free market than San Francisco
has enjoyed for several years past. Any
farmer or producer of any kind can to
day market his own goods at any land
ing in this city, free of cost, and is by
law exempt from paying any license;
any person wishing to purchase a sack
of potatoes or a sack of beans, or even
a watermelon, can go to Jackson street
wharf and buy the same from the pro
ducer, and has no toll or other charges
to pay. It is difficult to see how any
thing could be more free than it now
is. The bottom fact is that one in
dividual has been working up this free
market scheme and playing upon the
word 'free 11 for his own aggrandize
ment, representing himself to be a
farmer. He has been doing this for
some years past, and hopes ultimately
to get the scheme through and possi
bly secure a position to wear a uniform
and sell watermelons, etc. It is true
that the Legislature enacted a law
whlch was approved by the Governor
on March 29, 1!>97, looking to the estab
lishment of a free market. This was
done under a misapprehension and by
gentlemen who had no knowledge of
the exact situation in this city, and is
a law which would be more honored
in the breach than in observance.
Your article of yesterday in The Call
Indicates that you are not familiar with
the facts. You say that "the inter
ests of a large number of business men
now engaged in handling the farm
produce consumed by the people of this
city are opposed to change of system,
and th«ir influence has been exerted to
nullify an act of the Legislature." Per
mit me to say that you are mistaken.
I am as well acquainted probably with
the parties you refer to as any man
possibly can be. I have never yet
heard any of them object to the estab
lishment of a free market. In fact,
down town among the men handling
produce the whole thing is looked upon
as a huge jok.e, and as a matter which
is not of sufficient consequence to war
rant opposition. It is not difficult to
understand that the farmer shipping
produce to this market must of neces
sity have somebody to look after his
Interests. If you will take the mani
fests of the fruit boats of this city by
which conveyances the larger portion
of the fruit and produce comes to mar
ket, you will find that during the fruit
season there are from 100 to 150 ship
pers per day; that the average ship
ments of each do not exceed say twenty
packages per day; that the average
price of the twenty packages will not
exceed $10 per day. for the sale of which
the producer pays to the commission
man a commission of, at the highest, 8
per cent— that is to say, 80 cents. This
80 cents pays for the sale »f the goods
guarantees the payment of the money'
returns the empty packages, and all
other expenses. No farmer who has
good sense would ever come down and
pay his fare both ways on a steamboat
and spend his time during the harvest
time to save 80 cents per day. The
best evidence of this is furnished by
the fact that when the party who
wishes to wear brass buttons and
shoulderstraps communicated with tho
farmers of the interior a year or more
ago, out of all the number of producers
In the river section above referred to,
he got only two or three answers, and
that at the meeting held at the Cham
ber of Commerce in this city only two
or three interior farmers showed up.
The free market system as proposed
by the individual referred to is wholly
impracticable in this: The larger por
tion of the produce of the fruit section
comes from the rivers, all of which ar
rives by the three lines of steamers —
1. c., two Stockton lines and the Sacra
mento line. A considerable other por
tion comes by the Southern Pacific
Railway. The Southern Pacific depot
is at Fourth and King streets. The
steamers land all the way from Mar
ket street wharf to Jackson street
wharf. It would be utterly impossible
to bring the receipts by rail at Fourth
and King streets in conjunction with
those at the water front until there
is a marginal railroad buiH along the
water front, if ever such shall be done.
The scheme is wholly and entirely im
practical, and was devised and is be
ing fostered only by certain parties
who are looking for jobs.
It is to be regretted that The CaJ
should advocate this free market qu-s
tton. I know that a little Investiga
tion will convince any person that we
have now as free a market as any en
earth, and that the proposed scheme
of a new building with a set of officers
is simply one gotten up and maintained
by parties who are out for positions.
When, as proposed and promised, Pa
cific street wharf shail be set askl^ ex
clustrely for the produce business, the
Question of a free market will be
solved without any expense to the
State. Yours truly.
JOHN F. ENGLISH.
San Franripco. October 15.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
ML M. Odell. an extensive rattle dealer
of Bakersfield. is at the R
Frank Golden, the well-known Nevada
cattle man, la at the Grand.
W. B. Storey J., Chief Engineer
and General Superintendent of the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
road, is expected In town to-day.
The party of National Educators who
have been doing Monterey and vicinity
passed through the city yesterday on their
way to Berkeley, and left for Portland on
the evening train.
J. A. Fillmore. Manager of the South
ern Pacific, has gone on an inspection
trip to Los Angeles, whence he will re
turn in a few days.
Aug. Schanenburg. C. P. Till and
Aug. Schneider, a party of Swiss civil
engineers, who have been visiting many
points of interest in thig country, in
cluding Yellowstone Park and Yosemlte
Valley, are recent arrivals at the Russ.
Captain F. W. Dickins. assistant
of the Bureau of Navigation. Navy De
partment, having completed his prelimi
nary work in connection with the estab
lishment of a naval training station at
Goat Island, leaves for Washington.
D. C, to-morrow morning. He reports
his arrangements generally as very satis
factory, matters being now in good shape
to proceed with the plans and specifica
tions. The establishment of the station
on this coa3t is a pet project of Senator
Perkins, and it was due to his efforts
that an appropriation was made by Con
gress to carry out the work.
CALITORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— <3. Dunsmore of
San Francisco is at the Girard; H. Sum
mers of San Francisco is at the Hoff
man; Mrs. B. Priest-Fine of Oakland is
at the Manhattan.
MEN ARE BUT MEN".
Though lifted high above the common mass
To some amazing height of wealth and power,
Men are but men:
They strut the stage of life one fleeting hour,
Perform their little part, then quickly pass
From mortal ken.
Ambition grasps the rod of sovereign rule,
And ;.uny minds demand divine esietra —
So proud ar.d great:
Their pride is but the frenzy of a dream;
Their greatness gink? to open ridicule,
Or bitter hate.
One nation trembles at the despot's frown,
And bends the servile knee to handsel gain-
Manhood debased ;
Another holds the despot in disdain.
His mummied f..rm the pageant of the town —
A King encased.
Kaiser, or King, or Czar, or what you will.
Bishop or Pope, or lordling proud and gay —
Whate'er we be.
We still are men, sprung all from c- rnmon
clay.
And common heirs to every natural ill —
•One race are we!
Not empty titles, worn by lordF or Kingrs,
Not proud distinctions, meaningless an<l 'vain.
In Churoh or State;
But depth of heart, and breadth and power
of brain,
And honest fellow-love— these are the things
That make m*n great.
—George Whitman. D.D.. in N. Y. Examiner.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TO PRESERVE EGGS— S.. City. Any
thing that will exclude the air from eggs
will preserve them. The eggs may bo
covered with suet, or dipped in milk of
lime, a solution of gum arable or any
non-smelling varnish that will make the
shell air tight.
THE ADMINISTRATOR— Mrs. A..
North Branch, Mich. A. C. Freese, the
Public Administrator, was granted special
letters of administration on the estate of
the late Dr. Bruno de Freye. Subsequent
ly there was filed a petition for the grant
ing of letters to Mrs. C. S. Towle of Mon
terey, as next of kin.
IN THE NORTHWEST— G. A. M.,
City. This department will not advertise
the business of any firm, and for that rea
son respectfully declines to give the ad
dress of any one in the Northwest en
gaged in the freight business. There are
a number of firms in this city engaged i n
that business where such information
can be obtained.
RISING FROM THE RANKS— H. D.
C, City. A private In the regular ser
vice of the United States may at any
time file an application for examination
for a second lieutenancy. It is not a
prerequisite that he should be a gradu
ate of West Point or any other academy,
but he must, on examination, develop the
same qualifications that are required of a
graduate of West Point.
POEMS— E. 8.. San Jose, Cal. There
have been millions of poems and so called
poems that have been presented to the
world and it is not to be expected that
any one individual can know all such by
title. In books in which are preserved
the best of these, the index is made up
by the first line of each poem and not
as a rule by title. Correspondents who
desire to know who is the author of this
or that poem should, in their letters of
inquiry, furnish the first line of the pro
duction.
RI'I.ES FOR DEBATERS— G. C. M..
Fairfield, Cal. The best rule for one who
is to take part in a debate to follow is
to read all that he can on the subject
chosen for debate, and in tnat way gather
such information as he can for and
against, and then make up his argument
for the side of the question he assumes.
He should do his own thinking and not
ask a newspaper to "furnish a few good
pointers and ideas to make strong the
side I have taken." The debater should
always use his own thoughts and not
those of another.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townaend'fc*
Special information supplied dally to
business house-; and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 51# Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main I(H2.
Paints, brushes, canvas, panels, plaques,
tracing cloth, blue prints— everything t«
paint with and to paint on. We are head
quaru-rs on architects' and drnughts
men's supplies of every description. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
"Ha. ha!" said the viUain. "He shall not
escape me;" Having, by these phrases
established his identity, he continued:
"I have bribed his valet to set his watch
ahead half an hour. He will put on hij
evening dress at half past five. And then
he will be ruined! Ruined !~— Indianapolis
Journal.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul.
This car is nicely upholstered in leather,
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. Goes
via Shasta route and Northern Pacific Rail
way. The scenic line of. the continent. Tick
ets on 6ale to all Eastern cities at lowest rates
T. K. Stateler, general agent, 83S Market at
San Francisco.
For a tonic for nervous and dyspeptic people
nothing equals Angostura Hitters. Genuine—
Dr. Siegert's— imported from South America
DRINK A STEEPING OF MOKI TEA BE
fore retiring at night, and see how soundly
you will sleep and how joyously you will
awake In the morning. It supplies food for the
blood while you Bleep, produces a clear a.-i'J
beautiful complexion, cures constipation
sick headache. At No Percentage Pharmacy.SAILED WITH
HER VALUABLE
GENERAL CARGO
Ship Alcides Got Away
for London.
BURNING OF THE BLENGFELL
CAPTAIN'S FAMILY AND ELEVEN
OF THE CREW PERISH.
Arrival of the Steamer Doric From
the Orient — Bodyguard for the
Emperor of Korea Sent
From China,
The British ship Alcides palled for Lon
don direct yesterday with one of the most
valuable cargoes ever taken from this
port by sailing vessel. It consists mainly
of 11.203 cases of salmon, 64.441 cases of
canned fruit. 10.000 gallons of wine. 428,534
pounds of beans. 33.013 centals of barley,
some canned asparagus, sardines, bees
wax and eascara bark, valued in all at
J307,675. The Alcides Is a fast vessel, and
Captain Dart expects to make a quick
run to England with his valuable cargo.
The O. and O. Company's steamer Doric
arrived from the Orient yesterday with
81 cabin and 20 second-class passengers,
besides 360 Chinese and Japanese in the
Eteerage. She also brought up $197.7f>0 in
gold, the balance in trade between Hong
kong and Yokohama and Sun Francisco.
The Doric was 20 days IS hours from
Hongkong, 16 days from Yokohama and 7
days from Honolulu. Had it not been for
head winds *he would have reached port
Sunday night.
When the Doric was at Hongkong the
hubbub over the attempted poisoning of
the Emperor of Korea and the. Crown
Prince was In full blast. Clarence Great
hou.se, the Emperor's American adviser,
had been to Shanghai and recruited a
body guard for his Majesty. These left
for Seoul on the Sagami Jiaru bofore the
Dork- sailed tor San Francisco. The
company was composed of 9 Americans,
g Englishmen, 6 Germans, li Frenchmen
and 2 Russians. According to the articles
ci agreement they were to use no opium,
were to be moderate in the use of .stimu
lants, were to lay down their lives for the
Emperor if necessary, and were to re
ceive $70 (Mexican) a month for their ser
vices. The Independence Club of Korea
■was making a great outcry over the mat
ter, and was clamoring for the dismissal
of Greathouse and his hirelings.
Among tho?e who came from Honolulu
on the Doric was Justice W. F. Frear of
the Supreme Court of Hawaii. He -will
appear before the Hawaiian Commission
appointed by Congress, an- will assist in
framing laws for the government of the
new territory.
A cable to the Merchants' Exchange
Bays that the British ship Blengfell was
burned off the English coast yesterday
and that the captain, his wife and chil
dren and eleven of the crew perished. The
,•,-11 was in command of Captain
Johnson, who was well known here, and
was on her way from New York to Lon
don with a cargo of kerosene. She was
built in IS7O and was owned by J. Edgar
of Liverpool, The same firm owns
the ship Waterloo, now loading a gen
eral cargo at Harrison-street wharf for
London. ;t: ; .i the Combennere, which ar
rived at Port Los Angeles on the sth inst.
The Blengfeil was a t-mall vessel of 1117
tons net register. She was 232.4 feet long,
35.2 feet broad and 21 feet deep.
Captain I. bl. Thaycr, who left here last i
Satur>ia\ for Briiisn Columbia, has prob
ahiy reached Victoria by this time. He
has gone north on behalf of the Federal
authorities to appraise the British seal
ing fleet in Canadian waters. The sup
position is that Uncle Sam is about to
purchase all the interests of the British
sealers. and that in future nothing but
American vessels will lish in Bering Sea.
The Oceanic company's steamer Aus
tralia will not get away for Honolulu un
til next Saturday. She went on the dry
dock yesterday and will not be ready for
cargo until to-morrow, her regular sail
ing day. The Mail Company's steamer
Aztec Is to receive a thorough overhaul-
Ing, and in consequence will not leave port
again until next November.
Horace Orf-ar, a newsdealer at the
ferries, met with an accident yesterday
that will cripple him for life. After be
ing on his feet all day he felt very hot
and tired at night. Before retiring he
thought a foot bath would do him good,
so he filled a stationary washstand with
water and prepared to take one. He put
the right foot in first and then stumbled.
This threw all his weight on the right
foot and it crashed through the bottom
of the basin. The sharp edges cut the
ligaments and muscles at tho back of his
ankle, leaving the leg perfectly useless.
The calf of his leg was opened up and
the muscles pulled down and united, but
the chances are that they will never knit
and Orear will be a cripple for life.
John Carlson was killed on the scow
ncr Pinole yesterday. While coaling
thf Indiana, one of the buckets capsized
and the coal was dumped on the unfor
tunate man. He was a Norwegian, 22
years old and unmarried.
ORDER OF THE EASTERN STAR
Twenty-Sixth Annual Session of the
Grand Chapter to Be Held Here
Commencing To-Day.
Th» twenty-sixth annual session of the
Grand Chapter of the Order of the East
ern Star will be held this year in the ;
Sherman & Clay Music Hall on Sutter
FTrtfT. commencing this mornfng at 10 I
o'clock. It is expected that there will be \
a large dek-K.ition representing the vari
ous chapters of the jurisdiction.
During the year which is closing: the
order has done quite well in all directions,
some of the chapters having made nota- j
ble accessions in membership.
The elective officers of the Grand Chap
ter are: Harrison D. Rowe, grand pa
tron: Mrs. Eva M. Porter, grand matron;
Lewis O. Stephens, associate grand pa
tron; Mrs. Belle Smith, associate grand j
matron.; Mrs. Kate J. Willats, grand sec
retary; and Mrs. Jane Furgeson Raabe,
grand treasurer.
The delegates will be tendered a recep
tion In Pioneer Hall in the evening.
Masquerade Ball.
On Saturday, October 22. the California
State Protective Association of Liquor
Dealers will give a masquerade ball in
Odd Fellows' Hall. This association, the
only organization of saloon men in Cali
fornia, has a membership of several thou
sand in San Francisco and has auxiliary
branches in many of the counties of the
State. It Is a strong organization, and
this social function will he a reunion of
the members. At midnight the McKenzie
Musical Society, numbering 126 ladies,
will render three original vocal selec
tions. Four elegant prizes will be given
at the ball. The music for the occasion
will be furnished by the Alcazar orches- |
Orand march at 9 o'clock. The ball
will be the social event of the year.
Feud on Grand Avenue.
J. J. Kbipperich, a wagon manufac
turer at 3 Grand avenue, swore to a
complaint in Judge Joachlmsen's court
yesterday for the arrest of J. W. Pence,
a house-mover, also living on the ave
nuo, on a charge of threats to kill. Klap^
perich said there had been ill feeling be
tween the two families for the past four
or live years, owing to some trouble
Pence's son got into. A week ago Pence
attacked Klapperich. and two of Pence's
sons h*-lp..fi t] ic .i r father. At that time
Pence threatened to kill Klapperich, and
he was afraid of hln life.
Failure to Provide.
John S. Thompson, second officer of the
transport Senator, was convicted by
Judge Mogan yesterday of failing to sup
port his child. As the vessel was about
to sail he was allowed to go on, promising
faithfully to pay up. He was divorced
four years ago, and has since then not
paid any alimony. A day or two after
the divorce he was again married and
claimed he could not Bupport two families.
BOUND FOR LONDON DIRECT.
O /^IaPTAIN DART of the Alcides expects to make one of the quickest runs of the ®
( j season home. His vessel has a cargo valued at over $300,000, and as all the
articles are wanted in the English market every day gained adds to their value. <$>
a. The entire cargo of the big vessel is of California production. <$>
SENATOR SAILS
WITH TROOPS
FOR MANILA
The Valencia to Leave
To- Morrow.
THEY ARE TO 60 BY RANK
GEN. MILLER WILL REMAIN
HERE TILL THE LAST.
He Will Finally Sail on the New
port, Accompanied by a Bat
talion of tho Tennessee
Regiment.
It was about 9:30 o'clock yesterday
morning when the 800 troops designated
for the Senator marched from the Pre
sidio. As has been stated in The Call,
they were the Third Battalion of the
Twenty-third Infantry, the recruits of the
Second Oregon Regiment and a detach
ment from the California Heavy Artillery.
The line of march was down Lombard
street and thence by the water front to
Pacific-street wharf, where the Sen
ator lay, and this accounted Cor the tus
appointment of those who had gathered
along the streets to witness the march
ing away of the soldiers. The troops were
all aboard by noon and about 3 o'clock
the Senator cast off her moorings and
slipped out Into the stream, and then as
she started on her long journey to Ma
nila she was saluted by a blast from the
whistles of all the tugs and steamers in
the harbor. Major Goodale of the Twen
ty-third Infantry was In command of tae
Senator.
Orders were issued from department
headquarters late yesterday afternoon by
General Merriam changing the pro
gramme as mapped out for the sailing of
the Valencia. The troops were to have
gone aboard of this transport to-day, and
she was to have sailed this evening. This
was the prevailing order up to 5 o'clock
yesterday afternoon, and in compliance
with it the California Heavy Artillery nad
got their heavy baggage aboard, when Col
onel Long was imormed that the Valen
cia could not land at Angel Island for the
Second Battalion of the first "Washington.
This necessitated a change. The artil
lery was informed that it would not go on
board until to-morrow morning instead of
to-day. This delays the sailing of the
transport one day. To-day the McDowell
wul bring over the heavy baggage of tae
Washington troops and to-morrow vie
battalion will be brought over. Just as
soon as it is got aboard the \ alencia
will sail. The remainder of the Washing
ton regiment and all, except ninety men
of the California Heavy Artillery, will
get away on the Ohio, which may *>os
sibly sail this week.
One important thing has been deter
mined in regard to the sailing of the three
regiments which remain. Tne regiments
ar?' to go according to the seniority of
their colonels. This will take the Twen
tieth Kansas first, the Flfty-Hrst lowa
second and the Tennessee last. A bat
talion of this regiment will go on the
Newport with General Miller, who is to
remain until all of the expeditionary
forces have been got away. Now tuat
the transports are nearly all here, General
Merriam does not think that It will be
very long before the last of the troops
will have gone. He stated yesterday that
they would be sent away just as fast a*
the vessels were ready for them. A
month at the very outside will be suffi
cient time to get all the forces off.
For the benefit of those who wish to
forward packages to their friends among
the soldiers at Manila, the department
commander gives out the announcement
that all packages not exceeding 12 by 18 by
10 inches will bo received up to the 3ist
inst. They must be delivered to the depot
quartermaster, all charges having been
paid, and will then be forwarded on the
iirst transport to the islands. Perishable
goods will not be received.
Private H. Hersberg, Company E, First
Tennessee Regiment, who was tried by
a general court martial and found guilty
of conduct prejudicial to good order and
military discipline, was lined $10 and sen
tenced to two months' confinement at
hard labor under a regimental guard.
Private Charles Willard, Wyoming
Light Battery, having been found guilty
of larceny by a general court martial,
was sentenced to be dishonorably dis
charged from the service and to be con
fined at hard labor for six months at Al-
Colonel Middleton, surgeon in chief of
the department, stated yesterday that
plans for the general military hospital
to be built at the Presidio had been for
warded to the "War Department for ap
proval He said that they would be
doubtlessly approved by telegraph, and
that Just as soon as they were approved
the work of building the hospital would
be commenced.
Captain Thompson, chief quartermaster
of tne Department of California, will
shortly be promoted to his majority. In
this capacity he will be assigned to the
division to go to Manila with General
Major Eugene T. Wilson, commissary
of subsistence, United States Volunteers,
has been relieved from duty in this de
partment to enable him to comply with
the orders sending nlm to St. Louis.
Major Wilson left for that city last night.
Mrs. Colonel Evan Miles, the wife of
Colonel Evan Miles, who was for many
years stationed here in command of the
Presidio, has received news of her hus
band's promotion to be brigadier of
volunteers. Colonel Miles was in com
mand ot the First Infantry here and he
THE SAN FKANCTSCO CALL., TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1898.
has many friends who will be glad to
learn of his promotion. Colonel Miles re
ceived his promotion in recognition of his
gallant charge at El Caney. His brigade
was the third of the second divison of
the Fifth Army Corps.
The soldier? of the Third Battalion of
the Twenty-third Infantry just before the
Senator sailed made substantial recogni
tion of a gift which had been given them.
Sergeant McCluer. Company M, said to
a Call representative. "The men of the
Third Battalion wish throue-h The Call to
acknowledge the receipt of the very beau
tiful flag presented by Mrs. A. W. Scott,
and they also wish to extend to the peo
ple of San Francisco their best wishes
now and hereafter."
TRIED TO WRECK A SALOON.
Warrants Out for the Arrest of a
Vicious Gang in the Mission.
Warrants were issued yesterday by
Judge Conlan for the arrest of William
Donellan, Frank McQuade, George
Boyle, William Burns and two others on
a charge of disturbing the peace. The
complaining witness is Otto Methmann,
proprietor of a saloon at Seventeenth and
Noe streets.
The defendants are young men and
boys who. the police say, terrorize the
neighborhood. Saturday night they en
tered Methmann's saloon and attempted
to clean out the place. They took away
part of his stove and the bread from the
counter. Donellan and Boyle were ar
rested early Saturday morning and
charged with malicious mischief. The
cases were called in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday and continued. As Donellan
failed to appear his bail of $20 was de
clared forfeited and a bench warrant was
issued for his arrest.
The gang is also accused of tearing
down election signs and pulling up pole 3
for holding election banners.
MAYOR PHELAN SAID
"HELLO" TO PORTLAND
TELEPHONE WIRES STI/TJNG TO
THE FAR NORTH.
An Official Conversation Between the
Executive Officers of Both
Cities.
"Hello, Portland. Hello, hello. What?
Get closer to the phone. What? All
right. Get the jwayor there."
"Hello. Mayor Phelan. Here's Portland.
Talk to them."
This brief conversation started the talk
between the Mayors of the two great
cities of the Pacific Coast yesterday after
noon, after the telephone company got all
the "bugs" off the wires. It is an accom
plished fact, and one can now talk to
Portland or Seattle Just as easy as to
Oakland. This was proven conclusively
when the Mayors of the two cities talked
and extended congratulations yesterday.
Mayor Phelan was called to his telephone,
and being prepared for the ordeal imme
diately began his address, interlarding his
remarks with frequent inquiries as to
whether he was heard or not. The re
sponses being satisfactory, he said:
"San Francisco is much gratified to
have been brought within direct speaking
distance of the city of Portland. Such
service will tend to draw us closer to
gether and unify the interests of the Pa
cific Coast."
To this Mayor W. S. Mason of Portland
responded:
"May the commercial relations be
woven more closely since the means of
communication are by this method a
great advance over all previous facilities.
May the cities of San Francisco and Port
land ever occupy the position of leaders
in all enterprises that will advance the
interests of the Pacific Coast."
A brief good-by ended the conversation
and the little ceremony was over. Aufll
ble communication between the two cities
more than 600 miles apart was established,
and henceforth if you want to talk it is
simply a question of having the price.
After the close of the official conversa
tion several invited guests at both ends
of the line held short talks, and then the
party at this end of the line went over
the big building and examined the vari
ous departments from roof to lower floor.
The telephone company has been work
ing Industriously for several months in
Its efforts to get the long distance wires
to the far north, and now congratulates
itself upon the accomplishment of the
fact. The heavy copper wires have been
strung until a network covers the north
western territory, and as a result the
commercial interests of the entire Pacific
Coast will be greatly improved and aided.
It is expected by the company that
aluminumJwires will replace those of cop
per at an early date, and as the former
are lighter than copper It will cause not
only a great saving in the actual cost of
the wires, but will materially reduce the
number of poles on which the wires are
strung.
A LOVELORN RANCHER.
Andy Anzene of Fort Bragg Is De
termined to Wed Nellie Buckley.
Andy Anzene, the rnnrher from Fort
Bragg, who was arrested last Thursday
on a charge of burglary for stealing a
silk dress from the apartments of Miss
Nellie Buckley, 118 Sixth street, had the
case dismissed yesterday by Judge Mogan
for lack of prosecution. Miss Buckley
appeared in court and said she did not
want to prosecute, as Anzeno had re
turned the dress. In fact she did not
want to have anything more to do with
him.
Andy told the Judge that he proposed
to start a butcher shop on Sixth street,
and he would still continue to court Nel
lie, as he was determined to make her
his wife. He had loved her at Fort Bragg
and he loved her still.
A Pugilistic Baker.
Henry Bender, a baker, was arrested
yesterday afternoon on a warrant charg
ing him with battery. The complaining
witness is Joseph Ott janitor in the Bak
ers' Home, on Mission and Fourth
streets. Saturday night Bender took of
fense at something Ott had done and
gave him an unmerciful thrashing. Hia
race was badly cut and his eyes black
ened and swollen.
BONDSMEN MAY
HAVE TO PAY
SCHOOL BILLS
Auditor Broderick Is
Alarmed.
WARNS THE SCHOOL BOARD
EXCESS OF EXPENSES OVER
INCOME CHARGED.
Debt Cannot Be Carried Over and
Creditors Have No Recourse
Except Against the
Sureties.
Auditor Broderick vlsfled Secretary
Welsh of the School Board yesterday aft
ernoon and served formal warning
through him to the members of the board
that they were In danger of grave compli
cations affecting their bondsmen. The
Auditor said: "If the present rate of ex
penditures by the School Board is main
tained I do not see anything ahead ex
cept suits against the bondsmen of tho
members by the claimants on unpaid bills
contracted by the board for which them
is no money to pay. The law expressly
forbids the Incurring of such debts above
the limit of appropriations. When the
thing is done the bondsmen are legally
liable. Last evening one of the members
"nf the School Board stated to me that
tn£ board had already incurred indebted
ness to the extent of $70,000 in excess* of
its revenues. If this be true then I think
that the bondsmen In question will hay«
the privilege of paying for certain new
schoolhouses and lots, Instead of the tax-
payers.
"The board has a fixed liability for sal
aries and can easily see whether it is
running ahead of its income. When it
reaches the limit of its funds this year
the Auditor cannot allow any more claima
and there Is no way of carrying the debt
over into next year, as the law only al
lows the School Board a certain sum per
capita, and that sum has been secured
this yoar to the last dollar. It would bo
dodging the statutes to attempt to collect
money next year to pay the overexpendl
tures of this year, and the courts have al
ready held that such an evasion of the in
tent of the law cannot be tolerated. It
would be well for the members of tho
Board of Education to fully understand
this matter now, before they get into the
mire hopelessly. As things stand now,
they are in a bad box, provided their
fund is overexpended, as I have reason to
believe from thfi statement made to me."
Secretary Welsh protested that the
board could not know what Its full appro
priation would be until the close of the
fiscal year, as one-half of the State money
comes in at that time. He thought that
the appropriation would be considerably
larger from the State this year than It
was last year.
At the last meeting of the board Direct
or Head presented a statement that the
board was almost hopelessly involved fin
ancially, and warning it to desist. He
was opposed to the appointment of an
other teacher or the incurring of further
expenses of any kind.
Auditor Broderick's statement will fall
like a very wet blanket upon the Board
of Education, and will probably result In
pome careful financial calculations within
the next few days.
St. John's Bazaar Entertainment
St. John's Bazaar, which is being held
in the old St. Mary's College building, is
enjoying the greatest success. Every
evening a large crowd is in attendance
and small and large sums are spent in an
effort to aid the undertaking. On Wed
nesday evening St. Anthony r s booth will
entertain the visitors with a fine pro
gramme. Mrs. Thomas Minihan and Mrs.
John Mitchell, who preside over the booth,
have prevailed on the following well
known artists to appear: Kelly & Mar
lowe, in their specialties; Miss L. Resing,
vocal solo; Kittie Meda and Miss Hazel
Thornton and Miss Emma Newman, fancy
dances; Miss Madgo Connolly, reading;
Loughery's orchestra will furnish music
during tho evening.
Patriots to Be Elevated.
The United States Civil Service Commis
sion has placed the position of elevator
conductor on the civil service list and will
establish an eligible list from which va
cancies may be filled. Applicants mun
be citizens and between the ages of 21
and 60 years, and are required to show
ability and physical qualifications and to
have had experience. Residents of San
Francisco will have precedence. Persons
desiring to enter the examination should
apply to Miss Belle C. Lewald, secretary
of the Board of Examiners at the Main
D Postofflce on Washington street.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Joseph L. Patnaude has applied for a
divorce from Mamie Patnaude, alleging
Infidelity as a cause of action. Ida Con
stantine asks for a divorce from George
D. Constantine on the ground of deser
tion. Florence M. Collins alleges that her
husband, Frederick R. Collins, has been,
accustomed to treat her in a cruel man
ner, and she asks for a divorce on that
ground.
The fac-simile y^F y/VTT^* *" on every wrapper
iignature of Ouz/^X^^i&Si .<* CASTOEIA.
ITALIAN FAIR
IS OPENED
AUSPICIOUSLY
For Church of Saints
Peter and Paul.
WILL CONTINUE ONE WEEK
BAZAARS THAT APPEAL TO THE
CHARITABLY INCLINED.
League of the Cross Cadets Will Per
form for the Purpose of Rais
ing an Armory-
Fund.
The annual bazaar for the church of
Saints Peter and Paul, under the patron
age of Its parishioners, was formally
thrown open to the public last night by
Mayor James D. Phelan. He compliment
ed tho people of the Italian race upon
their progress on this coast and praised
the ladies in charge of the various booths
for the tasteful decorations of the places
under their care.
A special musical programme has been
arranged for each evening of the -week.
Last night the choicest bit on the pro
gramme was a solo, "Day Dreams," con
tributed by Miss Annie Rooney, the well
known soprano. She was accompanied by
Miss Welsh. Professor Manlloyd contrib
uted "The Palms," while Mascagni Man
dolin Club, under the direction of Profes
sor Picclrillo, rendered several selections.
The programme to-night will be con
tributed by the glee club of Company M,
League of the Cross Cadets. The various
booths are In charge of the following
ladies and gentlemen:
Children of Mary booth— Mrs. Dr. Fescla,
Miss Ginocchio, president of the Sodality; Miss
Campodonico, vice president.
Mary Help of Christians booth— Misses Eda
Beronio, Eda Lertora, Mrs. C. Masoero, Mrs.
ti. J. Watson, Misses A. Arata, F. Bacigalupi,
C. Borlini, C. Chichlzola, I. Garbarino, M. Ol
cesp, M. Ptevenot, J. Wilson.
Columbus booth— Mrs. Benjamin C. Brum,
Mrs. Daneri, Misses Hattle Bendano, M. Arli,
F. Manalli, A. de Vincenzi, S. Lemardinl, A.
Tasazsa.
Dewey booth— Mrs. A. Spadlna, Misseß Lydla
Spadina, A. Ppadina. J. Lenarmund, R. Fra
poll, I. Spencer. R. Merlo, I. Bianchl. S. For
ner. C. Smith, Messrs. J. Root and J. Lombard.
St. Lucia booth— Mrs. O. Caglierl, Mmes. 11.
Cervelll, E. Ferrea, S. Bertolucci, K. Quillcl,
C. Garibaldi, Misses A. Lambrusklni, C. Cuneo,
S. Casassa, S. Uocca, L. Ferrea, E. Cella, E.
Merlo and A. Caglleri.
Don Bosco refreshment parlor — Mrs. Virginia
Cervelli, Miss K. Oliva, the Misses Lorenzi,
Miss Ilatagliati and Miss Grandona.
l'.'Stofnce. In connection with Mary Help of
Christians booth— Mrs. Steffani.
Fish pond, In connection with St. Lucia
booth— Miss A. Cafiieri.
Manila grab, in connection with Dewey booth
— Miss An^ie Spadina.
Prize wheel— J. Oliva and assistants.
St. Dominlc'B fair will be continued an
other week. There will be an elaborate
closing performance on Saturday. This
change in the original plans was deemed
advisable, owing to the number and value
of articles in the various booths and also
because of an increased attendance.
St. Patrick's parish fair will also be con
tinued during the present week. The
League of the Cross Cadets, under Cap
tain Power, entertained those present last
night with an interesting drill. The mar
ried men of the parish will be the guests
to-night.
The ladies' auxiliary of the Congrega
tion Shaarl Zedek of the Stockton-street
synagogue will promote a fair in Union
Square Hall from December 10 to 19, in
clusive, the proceeds of which are to be
devoted to lifting the church mortgage.
A patriotic fair will open this evening at
Emanuol Baptist Church, Bartlett street,
to relieve the church of debt. The pro
gramme for the opening follows: Charac
ter impersonation, Lieutenant Richie,
Twentieth Kansas Volunteers; baritone
solo, the Rev. J. George Gibson; trio. Miss.
Mabel Craig, Miss Edna Craig and Mrs.
M. E. Gallahorn; glee club, selections, I
Twentieth Kansas Volunteers; piano solo, I
Mrs. McNab. Miss Pugh of the Tenth- i
avenue Baptist Church of Oakland will
assist in fhe music.
The fair in aid of St. John's parish, now
being held in Old St. Mary's College, con
tinues to attract crowds nightly. During
the week the following will entertain visi
tors to the fair: This evening. Company
O, League of the Cross Cadets. Wednes
day evening, St. Anthony's booth, under
the direction of Mrs. Minehan and Mrs.
John Mitchell; St. Patrick's booth, under
the direction of Mrs. Meinke and Mrs.
Dennison. Thursday evening— The re
freshment stand, under direction of Mrs.
Cherry. Robert Emmet booth, Mrs. Mo-
Lester and Mrs. McDevitt. Friday even
ing. Immaculate Conception Sodality. Sat
urday evening, Dewey soda fountain.
Cadets Will Entertain.
Company H, League of the Cross Cadets,
will give a grand musical and literature
entertainment (and descriptive war
views), at Metropolitan Temple on Thurs
day evening, November 3. A feature of
the entertainment will be the distribu
tion of medals won by the various con
testants at the field day, held at Glen
Ellen, September 9, together with the
handsome trophy, donated by Mayor
James D. Phelan, and won by this com
pany. The descriptive war views to be
shown are from a rare collection, consist
ing of views from Stntiago de Cuba, Ma
nila and its surroundings.
In all a select programme has been ar
ranged and an enjoyable evening's enter
tainment can be anticipated by all who
attend. The object of this entertainment
is to assist in raising a fund with which
tliis company Intend to erect their own
armory. The committee in charge of the
entertainment is as follows: John Keat
ing chairman: James E. Power, Thomas
Eceles, John Whelan. John Daly, Thomas
Phelan, W. McMahon, W. Mouge, James
Needham, John T. Sullivan and William
Coogan.
PROJECTED NEW FERRY.
Meetings Called for the Purpose of
Promoting the Enterprise.
Interest in the projected new passenger
ferry between Oakland and San Fran
cisco is increasing rapidly, and it Is evi
dent the enterprise will receive substan
tial support from people across the bay.
The property owners of Lorin are con
sidering the proposition to give the
scheme thoir financial support and have
invited the representatives of the Realty
Syndicate, Messrs. Beardalee and Lloyd,
to explain the plans of the company at a
public meeting to be held at that place
this evening.
A committee of the prominent citizens
of Golden Gate have called a meeting of
the realty holders of that section, to oe
herfl to-morrow evening. It is ex
pected that it will be largely attended
and that the gathering will result In a
healthy list of subscriptions to the in
vestment shares of the syndicate.
The meeting for the benefit of the peo
ple of Berkeley will be held some time
next week.
Patriotic Banquet.
The California Society of the Sons of the
American Revolution will commemorate
the surrender of Yorktown by Lord Corn
wallis at a banquet at the California Ho
tel on Wednesday evening. October 19.
During the course of the banquet promi
nent speakers will speak upon the fol
lowing interesting subjects: "American
Imperialism, or Our New Colonial Pol
icy "Yeßterday. To-Day and To-Morrow
in American History," "The American
Navy at Yorktown and Santiago," "The
American Nary From Bern Homme Rich
ard to the Oregon," "An Anglo-Saxon Al
liance." "The American Surgeon Upon the
Modern Battlefield." "America in the Ori
ent " "The Battle of Yalu River, and the
Battle of July 3 Contrasted," and "An
Imperial Democracy."
TOO BUSY TO
ATTEND TO THE
CITY BUSINESS
Supervisors Did Not
Have a Quorum.
FIRST FAILURE IN YEARS
FIGHT OVER THE GAS VETO IS
POSTPONED.
The Mutual Company Serves Notice
of Its Intention to Contest the
Lighting Contract in
the Courts.
The Board of Supervisors did not meet
yesterday afternoon. It was the first time
in four years that a Monday came and
went without a session of the board.
Perhaps the most surprised persons in the
Supervisors' chambers were the six city
fathers who had responded to the usual
call for a meeting and discovered that
there would be none.
"Where's Dodge? Where's that mili
tary Supervisor?" These and similar
questions were propounded In vain.
Dodge, Rottanzl, Britt, Smith and De
lany could not be found. Some suspicious
person among vie onlookers started the
report that the absentees had put up a
job to stay away until Supervisor Morton
returned, so that they could muster the
necessary nine votes to pass a resolution
over the Mayor's veto to pay to the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company the
disputed bills for August gas amounting
to $8696 50 and the September account,
aggregating $15,928 55 for street lighting.
This story lacked strength, however, as
Dodge was known to be opposed to the
payment of the bills in question. Later
he effectually disposed of the allegation,
so far as he was concerned, by appearing
at the Supervisors' rooms. He had been
out electioneering and was, he said, de
pending upon the dilatory ways of the
Supervisors to get into the meeting before
it closed. The other absentees did not
show up and their excuses will have to be
filed later. Suffice it to say that Mayor
Phelan adjourned the board to meet at
his call, probably some time before next
Monday.
The attorneys for the Mutual Electric
Company, Messrs. Lloyd & Wood, had
given written notice to Auditor Broderick
during the afternoon that they would
serve injunction papers on him immedi
ately, in case the Supervisors ordered the
gas bills paid over the veto of the Mayor.
It was further stated that the Mutual
Company would seek to destroy the pres
ent gas contract in the courts on the
ground of illegality.
Supervisor Haskins was asked as to
what action the board would probably
take in relation to the veto. He replied:
"So far as I am concerned I don't care
what is done. It makes little difference
whether or not the veto is overridden."
Haskins is one of the nine who knocked
out the first gas contract veto.
Another matter which wa3 scheduled
for the meeting yesterday was the tinal
apportionment of the different depart
ment appropriations. Haskins, who is a
member of the Finance Committee having
the matter in charge, stated that it was
the intention to bring in a report making
no increase in the money to be devoted
to the Health Department. This news
will be somewhat of a surprise to the
Board of Health, as it was confidently
predicted that the Supervisors would ac
cede to the request for a larger allow
ance. To-morrow evening the Health
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Be Prepared
For winter, for it may begin to rain
any day. Don't wait until you actual-
ly require heavy footwear, but come
in now and fit a solid pair of service-
able shoes that will last you through
the winter. Have them broken in and
ready to wear. Many a man cripples
himself by changing suddenly from
light summer to heavy winter shoes.
Our stock is complete, Alaska Seal
Box Calf and Winter Russias in every
style, with heavy soles and extension
edges, calf or drill lined. No stock in
this city is so complete, with prices to
suit the times, ranging from $2 50 up-
ward.
Alaska Seal Shoes, Lace or Con-
gress $3 00
Alaska Seal Shoes, with Cork Soles
3 50
Black Box Calf Shoes for 3 00
Country orders solicited.
Send for Illustrated Catalogue.
B. KATCHINSKI,
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 Third St., San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE.
li.ru. Krnestln* Krellns. Proprietor and Manager.
THIS EVENING
THE TALK OF THE TOWN!
THE LAUGHING SUCCESS!
The Merry Operatic Fantasie,
"THE
CIRCUS QUEEN!"
A GREAT (VST.
MIRTH and MELODY! BEAUTY and GRACE!
Grand Matinee Every Saturday at 2 p. m.
NEXT:
"CIROFLE-GIROFLA I"
Popular Prices 25 and 50 Cents.
N. B. — A Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 25c.
Our Telephone— JUish 9.
CONCERTS AND BESOBTS.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S BALL.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
FIRST OF
THE HEINRICH RECITALS!
MR. AND MRS. MAX HEIXRICH AND
MISS JULIA HKINRICH.
Interpreters of the Classics in Song!
PRICES. 75c AND Jl 00.
SEATS ON SALE at Shermr.n, Clay & Co.'s
Music Houpp.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M. Daring
the Winter Season.
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN 5a
Bathing, with admission, 25c; children, hoc
Board will hold its regular meeting, and
it is quite probable that something will
be done toward - reducing the force or
employes.
Another Soldier Lost.
United States District Judge Hawley
yesterday discharged on habeas corpus
Chester A. Morris of the First Washing
ton Volunteers. Mr. Morris enlisted at
the age of 20 without the consent of his
parents.
AMUSEMENTS. '
BALDWIN_THEATER.
A CHARMINGLY AMUSING PLAT.
Augustln Daly's Comedy,
LOVE IN HARNESS!
As Presented by the :
FRA WLEY CO. and BLANCHE BATES
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
Prices— 2sc, 60c, 75c and »1.
Next Monday— THE PRISONER" OF ZENDA.
T\J(rk T T r F 7 Friedlander, Gottlob & Co. an-
il^ I nounce that the CALIFORNIA
THEATER will reopen for the season next
Sunday night, Oct. 23. The attraction will be
the drama, "THE SPAN OF LIFE," presented
by Wm. Calder's splendid Eastern Company, at
the New California Theater scale of prtcei, 15c,
25c. 35c and 50c. . Matinee, 25c.
COLUMBIA_THEATER.
A BIG HURRAH HIT!
THE RBAI. FUNNY BOYS.
MATBEWS AND BLLGER,
Direction of Dunne & Ryley, Presenting
Their New Rag Time Opera.
BY THE SAD SEA WAVES.
Company of 35, embracing NELLIE HAW-
THORNE and JOSIE DE WITT.
Coming "SOWING THE WIND."
IV f\ r F r TZ Friedlander, Gottlob & Co. an-
l"Vf 1 nounce that the CALIFORNIA
THEATER will reopen for . the season . next
Sunday night, Oct. 23. The attraction Is to b«
"THE SPAN OF LIFE," a drama of great
strength, presented by Wm. Calder's fine East-
ern Company. The New California Theater
i scale of prices, 15c, 25c, 35c and 60c, prevailing.
GOMEDY_THEATER.
E\7EFTV EVEISIISGI
■SES Ina> CLARA THROPP.
A HOWLING SUCCESS FROM THE 6TARTI
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUN.
25C TO ALL PARTS.
Presenting
the operatic farce comedy success,
"WHERE'S MATILDA."
UP TO DATE.
PRETTY GIRLS. CATCHY MUSIC
BRIGHT AND CLEVER SPECIALTIES.
DON'T OVERLOOK OUR SOUVENIR
MATINEES.
EVENING PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c and 500.
Comedy Theater and 710 Market St.
ALCAZAFMTHEATER.
LAST WEEK. ■ ; <--H
Belasco and De MiUe's drams.
THE
WIFE!—
T* ■ : ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
NEXT WEEK— Special production. DaTifl
Belasco's beautiful drama by the eea,
"MAY BLOSSOM."
tX! d 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
' PHONE MAIN 254. .
,_■ ■;,';;.-■. . •
AT UAMRDA cos - EDDY and JOKES.
ALHAIYmKA. Tel. Bouth 435.
Harry Jackson Sole Manager
THREE BIG SHOWS IN ONE!
CUBAN OPERA, " '"">"
ROBERT DOWNING, 10 CENTS>
! VAUDEVILLE 15 CENTS
And the Drama, 25 CENTS.
"OVER THE SEA!" 50 CENTS.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Entire Balcony 10 Cent«
| Lower Floor • 25 Cenf
MR. AND MRsTIdWIN MILTON
ROYLE AND COMPANY ®
In "CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE" condensed ta
one act.
FELIX AND BARRY, Comedy Btara,
RAY BURTON, Equilibrist and Shooting Star.
LOUIS M. GRANAT, Unique Whistler.
MARY NORMAN, Society Caricaturist.
JOHNSON AND DEAN, Darktown Aristocracy;
HOWARD'S COMEDY PONIES.
CARPOS BROTHERS, Gymnast*.
BIOGRAPH, new views. •.■••.' •'•
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c: opem
chairs and box seats, 50c. ??■='» •-' '_ ~- -■■
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
IOROSCO'S GRANDS
W ALT KB MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Maaaceb
FOURTH WEEK OF
JAMES M. BROPHY.
Initial Production of the Thrilling Drama,
STRAIGHT FROM THE HEART!
AN ENTRANCING STORY!
EXQUISITE SPECTACULAR EFFECTS!
SEE the deck of the S. S. Mistletoe and de-
struction of vessel by flre. Details of a French
execution. The guillotine.
POPULAR PRICES telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 26 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . 10c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
CHUTES _AND ZOO! §
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
AN UNPARALLELED
, VAUDEVILLE BILL
IN THE FREE THEATER!
KELLY and VIOLETTE, Society Sketch
Artists; DALE and ARTHUR, Knock-
about Comedians: LITTLE MINNIE BERLIN.
Baritone; MASON and LINSLEY. Triple Hori-
zontal Bar Performers, and EUSAPIA. Political
Transformation Dancer. Great Hit of. LIL-
LIAN STEWART, the "Tough Girl." ;.-.
SEE THE MUNICIPAL CANDIDATES IN
MOVING PICTURES.
10c. including Zoo and Theater; Children. So;
Sundays and Holidays, 1 10c. ' • . - . • '
FINEST OF THE YEAR !
MASQUERADE
BALL!
CALIFORNIA STATE PROTECTIVE AS*
SOCIATION OF LIQUOR DEALERS.
ODD FELLOWS' HALL, SAN FRANCISCO.
. SATURDAY. OCTOBER \ 22. :
■ Prizes for most original costume ; best patri-
otic : costume ;• best sustained character; hand-
somest dressed lady. /■,/ »
Alcazar Orchestra, Edward Lada, leader, will
furnish music. McKenzie Musical Society, of
125 • lady ' voices will ' render thre« , selections at
midnight. • •
Grand March at 9 o'clock. Tickets ft.
78
A RAG-TIME
PIANO-PLAYER
MAKES A HIT
Only One in "By the
Sad Sea Waves."
FRAWLEYS IN DALY COMEDY
CLABA THROPP AT THE COMEDY
IN OPERATIC FARCE.
The Cubans at the Alhambra — New
Morosco Melodrama — Orpheum
Novelties — The Other
Theaters.
After all you never can tell what win
happen in this town on a Monday night.
I forwent the Frawleys last night in
what was doubtless a very decent per
formance of a Daly comedy to go over
the way to the Columbia and see the
Messrs. Mathews and Bulger in "By
the Sad Sea Waves." I hadn't been
there fifteen minutes before I knew
that my understudy had got the best of
it; but it was too late for an exchange
and I stayed it out till the last.
The Mean*. Mathews and Bulger
have, I admit, never been more impor
tant than the Frawley Company AND
Blanche Bates (the posters and pro
grammes very properly Insist on this
big "and"), but one wearies of writing
about even the Frawleys all the time.
Variety At the spice of life and a 6 last
season Mr. Mathews and Mr. Bulger
had given us the epice that is the life
of variety I did not have the courage
to stay away from them this time.
Perhaps you remember them in a piece
called "A Trip to Coney Island." or
6omething like that. It was a silly
piece, the very inflammation of Ameri
can farce comedy, but it was relent
lessly laughable. You went and you
laughed and lost your right to say
unpretty things about the show after
ward when your normal solemn mood
set in. Mathews. with his tireless pho
nographic persistence, and Bulger, with
his sublimated tramp comicality, and
the speed and patness of their gags, all
conspired to make you forget such
things as sanity and seriousness and I
dramatic criti<-i=Tn. And then there
was a pretty little girl who sang coon j
gongs with the real pumpkin-colored '
swagger and made herself a topic of ,
the town. For all I know she may still 1
be with the company, but if so a year's i
time has wrought terrible changes.
There was nothing in the cast last |
night that sounded or looked the ieast |
bit like her. And Mr. Ma thews and
Mr. Bulger didn't reeda like the same !
old smile. In the last act they did their
old specialty of rehearsing a play, and :
they repeated t*ie drum and trombone j
duet, and these episodes are still funny;
but the most of the rest of the time they
were dull and stale because of the i
piece, which is stupider than a New
York Casino "review," and relieved
at Intervals by a clever line or a
specialty of any moment.
One of these intervals is supplied by
Ned Weyburn. who does rag-time feats
on the piano. He is a wonder. He is,
if I am d ■ ::.. erably rnißtaken, the
com;: - Syncopated Sandy," the
most extraordinary double-twisted rag
time coon classic that ever was writ
ten, and he ought to be a wonder. He
is the only man I have ever heard ex
tract the genuine nigger essence from
juiceless ivories of a back parlor up
right. Actually he had the audacity
last night to play the "Wedding
March" in rag time.
I am usually satisfied with the
Mendelssohn version of this piece, but
once listen to the syncopated lilt that
Mr. Weyburn gives It and you will
agree with me that, born earlier. v
could have given Felix Barthoi^v
pointers on darktovrn movement and
humor. He also made "ra«s" of Mr.
De Korea'! "Promise Me." and the
"Star Spangled Banner," and wound ud
with, among other things in the med
ley, a snatch of "Syncopated Sandy."
until your ears yearned to hear some
plumped voiced May Irwin Bine it to
that accompaniment.
But, thank heaven, nobody in the
company sings to Mr. Weyburn's play
ing. With the exception of Miss Nellie
Hawthorne, who pipes a dainty little
legend about "The Willow Pattern
Plate," there seems to be no one In the
company who can sing with human re
sults. There are three young; women
■who aing a trio Ir. the same number of
keys, and there are vocal soloists whose
lives would not be secure on a Sunday
night at the Orpheum, and there is not
a good new song in the entire perform
ance.
Mathews and Bulger (especially Bul
ger) are clever fellows, but it ie only
in their old specialty act that they have
any chance. The hit of the show ie
Ned Weyburn. His ragtime convolu
tions commence at about 9:45.
ASHTON STEVENS.
The Baldwin.
Blanche Bates and Frawley are a well
matched couple in the reconciliation scene
In Valabreque's neat comedy, "Love In j
Harness," presented at the Baldwin last ]
night. %'Tls true. Miss Bates is rather i
tall for him, but Khe leans down upon his ■
shoulder as though she belonged there.
There is not much out of the common In
the role of Una Urquhart, the jealous j
and discontented wife of the play, but j
the actress has made a flesh and blood j
part of it. Where there was much temp- I
tat ion and opportunity to overact ehe
simply played the part as the audience j
at once realized that it should be played—
with human interest and action. The
comedy, while It lacks the uproarious ac
tion, the broad humor and many ridicu
lous situations of "The Gay Parisians," is
clean and neat. There are no sugges
tions of the improper, and the fun is in
nocent and naturally born.
"Love in Harness" is a probable piece,
not a miracle play, where the most as
tounding events occur by supernatural
agency and are taken ac a matter of
course by the actors and the audience.
Frawiey and Hickman played their parts
as the forsaken husbands quietly and
naturally, and the creases in their panta
■were f aultlefss. Mathleu has a very Bmall
ro le—in fact, that of a walking gentle
man, and it Is so small. Indeed, that it
does not matter much whether he plays
it well or Illy.
The women of the comedy were excel
lent, and the piece went off with a snap
and go that was most refreshing to the
first nighters.
The y\]Kambra.
A decided novelty was presented last
evening at the Alhambra. The manage
ment has secured as an attraction a Cu
ban orchestra and a company of Cubans
who give a unique little operetta entitled
"Artists from Matanzas," Illustrating In
a measure life In the little Island, In
which there is now so much trouble. The
music Is decidedly out of the ordinary
and the dancing Is captivating. The dia
logue and songs are in Spanish. The
five-act drama, "Over the Sea." founded
upon Charles Reade's novel, "Never Too
Late to Mend." was presented by a well
drilled company, which held the audi
ence until after U o'clock. The principal
parts are taken by Harry Jackson, "V\ . L.
Gleason, Charles Bates, Henry Napier.
Charles Hand. Carmeletla Yost and Mina
Gieason. There was one trio that re
ceived unstinted applause. Morelana,
Thompson and Roberts, vocalists and
dancers were called out half a dozen
times, and each specialty presented en
couraged their friends to demand more.
The evening's entertainment was intro
duced by Robert Downing and his com
pany in 'a "French Marriage."
Jhe Orpheum.
The usual packed house greeted the new
bill at the Orpheum last night, and of the
fGur new turns each scored a hit. As
was expected interest centered in Mr. and
Mrs. Edwin Milton Royle and their clever
company. No such vaudeville turn has ever
before been seen in this city as the play,
"Captain Impudence," by the Boyles.
The entire comedy, plot and action of the
play ha% - e been reduced from three acts
• that is short and pithy. Of Edwin
Milton Royle and Seier.a Fetter little need
be said. Their reputations are established.
No daintier, saucier little bunch of femi
ninity ever stepped on the Orpheum stage
than Mamie Dupont. who plays the part
of the Major's daughter, while the Major,
in the hands of William Frederic, was
skillfully pictured.
Lois M. Granat as a whistler excels.
She not only scored a hit but. firmly es
tablished herself as a favorite. F>:ix
and Barry have a skit that opens rather
tame, but warms up to a howling suc
cess at the finish. Ray Burton has a
very clever novelty act in which he corn
fancy rifle shooting with balancing,
juggling and a performance on a slack
wire, the combination making a stronar
act. Miss M;try N irraan holds her place as
an artist, and her act is stfll one of best
features of the bill. Johnson and Dean.
Howard's ponies, the Carpos Bros, and
the biograph round out one of the Or
pheum's most interesting bills.
NeW Gomedu.
4 •*
"Matilda" was at the New Comedy '
' Theater last night, and the auditorium
! was Jammed. It was no wonder in the
presence of so large and enthusiastic an
I audience that Clara Thropp and her ;
I clever company threw themselves into ;
J the spirit of the operatic comedy. The ,
i play is a Jolly skit abounding In songs
i and dances, and enabling Miss Thropp to (
: exhibit her merry girlish manner to the
; best advantage. She captivated the au
j dience at once, and from the time she
; skipped upon the stage until the curtaJn
: fell after the close of the last act she
■ acted as though she were at home, and
! her audience took pains to make her feel
that way. She- scored a success, and
there can be no doubt that she will grow
more and more of a favorite.
J4orosco*&
The melodrama "Straight From the
' Heart" was presented at the Grand Op
i era House last night for the first time
In this city. It is fearfully and wonder
i fully constructed and a great deal i 3 left
'to the imagination. There are a murder
'■ and robbery, a ship on fire, a desert in
i Algiers and the saving of the hero and
I an anarch. the guillotine Just at
■ the critical moment. The stock company
and James M. Brophy did their best, but
' there was nothing that called for the ex- ;
\ hibition of strong dramatic power.
The y\lcazar.
"The Wife" is in its second and last
week at the Alcazar. There was a good-
Bixed audience in attendance last night,
and the calls and recalls for the orincipal
actors were numerous. Dai'ld Belasco's
"May Blossom" is the bill to follow.
The Tiv'oli.
"The Circus Queen" continues a
Jolly and popular attraction at the Tiv
oli. The "Honolulu Lady" Cakewalk
finale and Ed Stevens' singing of the Kip
ling bailad "On the Road to Mandalay "
were enthusiastically encored again last
night. The next piece will be "Girofls-
Girofla,"
The Circus.
Wallace's circus has caught the town. !
Nightly thousands of parents of this city.
accompanied by their little ones, sit under
the immense tent intently watching the ;
feats of agiiity and strength and applaud- (
Ing each number in such hearty manner
that the performers try to outdo each
other. The programme presented is one
of the best seen In this city in years and
contains many startling turns.
From the entrance of the company
troupe gayly caparisoned, to the exciting
hippodrome races, the interest is un
ceasing. As on the opening night the Nel
son family were well received. The evolu
tions performed by the youngest of tins
remarkable collection of athletes created
much enthusiasm. The work of the bare
back riders, trapeze performers and hur
dlers proved an excellent exhibition of
grace and daring and was loudly ap
plauded. The hippodrome races were of
the whirlwind order and the large crowd
were thrilled at the danger incurred by
those who participated In the events. Of
those the chariot race was the most ex
citing and the victor was cheered as In the
days of ancient Rome.
After the performance a concert was
given and was much enjoyed. The side
Bhow, with its numerous freaks and coi
lection of strange and uncanny things,
was crowded, and the large number of
animals on exhibition received much at
tention. Of these the monkeys and ele
phants fared the best. Peanutß and pop
corn were showered on them until even
their keepers feared that indigestion
would keep them awake during the night.
A performance Is given every afternoon
and evening to satisfy the large number
of people who are anxious to attend. The
three rings keep even' one busy, and It
is worth one'o while to visit Central Park.
Jhe O'.ympia.
The Olympia Music Hall has almost an
entire new bill. Cotton and Moll, triple
bar artists. F. Fredericks, lyric tenor,
and Rogers, a dashing soubrette, are all
new. Little Irene Franklin put on her
Impersonations of the waiters in a tough
restaurant, and made a hit. This Is the
act in which she scored a success upon
her first appearance at the Orpheum two
years ago. ,
The Chutes.
The bill at the Chutes Free Theater was
almost entirely new, and It went with a
snap and dash most refreshing. Kelly and
Violette, cake walkers and singers, Lil
lian Stewart, the "tough girl," and Mason
and Linsley. triple horizontal bar perform
ers, made especial hits. A decided nov
elty was the introduction of portraits of
the municipal candidates in the trans
formation dance, and a moving picture
showing the Republican nominees was
waxmly greeted. The house was packed.
Heinrich Recital To-Night.
Mr. and Mrs. Max Heinrich, barytone
and soprano, and Julia Heinrich, contral
to, will give their first recital In this city
at Sherman and Clay Hall this even
ing. They are renowned as ballad and
classic singers, and their first appearance
will be hailed with great interest by local
music lovers.
Carl Hertz Here.
Carl Hertz, the famous illusionist, ar
rived yesterday on the Doric from a tour
of the Orient, where he met with great
success.
Newrnan & Levinaon, 181 Kearny
street, are selling this week $2 Maggi
onl glace and suede and Trefousse
suede gloves, and $1 75 Elaine suede
gloves, all eight-button mousquetalre,
for 95c a pair. See windows. •
Grand Complimentary Ball.
The Retail Grocers' Protective Union
will give a grand complimentary ball at
Saratoga Hall, 814 Geary street, on Wed
nesday evening, October 19. Dancing will
begin at 8 o'clock and a grand time will
be had. A large number of Invitations
are out.
Dower's Assailant Caught.
Charles Murray, who stabbed ex-police
man Dower in the thigh during a heated
political discussion on Folsom street sev
eral nights ago, was arrested yesterday
afternoon by police officer Frank Smith
and charged with an assault to commit
murder.
Lovely Bo wines surprise crowds dally, t Why
ttd* }-cv? Mchns & Kaltenbach. 28 Market et.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1898^
ELEVEN JURORS
DECLARE NEAD
TO BE INNOCENT
Oneof the Panel Held
Out for Conviction.
THE PRISONER BROKE DOWN
ALLOWED TO GO ON HIS OWN
RECOGNIZANCE.
Nead Considers the Ballot of the
Jury to Be Virtually a
Verdict in His
Favor.
A verdict of eleven to one In favor of
! acquittal was the result of the trial of
: John M. Nead for vagrancy, just con
i eluded before Judge Conlan.
The prosecution closed its case after
; the examination of three witnesses had
! been sworn. The first of these was Hat
l tie Roberts, with whom it had been stat
! Ed Xead and his wife had been seen in
i the Thalia. Following her came Gus
i Welter, who testified to having been
'■ spoken to by Mrs. Nead and to having ac
' companied her home. Mrs. Nead herself
was the last witness.
Mrs. Nead was asked how long she had
b*en in the city and then if she knew the
; defendant. "Yes, he is my husband," she
said. Mr. Lemon, prosecuting counsel,
then announced that under that state
ment he would ask no further questions.
Mr. Gallagher then waived any right to
remain siler.t that she had as the wife of
the accused, and the court also took a
hand and quieted the rather heated ar
gument the lawyers were getting into.
Judge Conlan asked the witness if she
•waived any rights she had and she said j
she did ao. The prosecution was told to j
go on with its questions. Mr. Lemon j
wanted to ask only one, however— "Do j
you live at 125 Turk street?" The wit- j
admitted that she did, and then the j
prosecution declared Its case closed.
Mrs. Nead was the first witness for the i
defense. She was asked if she had done ;
aii the things she is accused of doing and j
she denied each as it was enumerated to
her. She also denied knowing the peo- j
pie who had so positively identified her— .
Teasfe Smith, Hattie Roberts the police |
officers and the two women who said she
had lived in their houses, and the men j
who had testified to having been spoken
to by her in the street. She denied also j
being in the Thalia on any occasion.
Frank Bell and C. A. Reynolds, her
own attorney and the prosecuting attor
ney of Police Court No. 4 were called to ;
impeach the record of her conviction in
that court, but this was not allowed.
Nead fcimseif was then called. He told
how ho went to the Golden Eagle Hotel
when he and his wife first came to the
city and how after living there for a
week they bought a little store on Mar
ket street. They sold this out in the
Latter part of July, and since then he
Bald he had been making his living by
selling religious books. He submitted two
authorizations to exhort from the First
Methodist Church of Sioux City. lowa, \
signed by the pastor of the church G .v . |
v Brown. One of these was dated July.
U96 and the other November, 1597. A tele- '■
gram to the Mayor and one to the Chief
of Police, both of which have been pub
lished here, -were aiso allowed in evidence
against the protest of the prosecution.
The court ruled, however, that anything
that would tend to help the case of the
defendant was admissible. Nead was then
h-d through a long list of denials similar
to those made by Mrs. Nead.
The most important part of his testi
mony was in regard to the events of the
night of September 23, on which It is
charged that Mrs. Nead spoke to Poilce
man Joy on the street. *>cad said his
wife was sick all that afternoon and
evening and that she did not leave the
house. He said he remembered it because
he had put it down in his diary, and then
he was asked to show the diary. He did
so and was rigidly cross-examined by Mr
Lennon and made some additions and
erasures. The book was finally ad
mitted in evidence. It served as the basis
on which Lennon attacked the testimony
of both the defendant and his wife.
It had been shown by one or the wit
nesses for the prosecution that in the
evening Nead appeared with a light mus
tache and in the evening he was clean
shaven or had a dark mustache. This
Nead denied, and he added that he never
dyed his mustache or wore a false one. He
said the only times he had ever been to
the Thalia was after the arrest of his
wife and then he went down there to see
what kind of a place it was, as he had
heard that there were to be witnesses
from there. _
Several witnesses were then called to
testify to the good character held by
Nead and his wife, and the case closed.
The attorneys wanted to argrue the case,
and Mr. Lemon to save time waived his
opening address. To this Mr. Gallagher
objected, but the court allowed it, and for
an hour the case was argued pro and con.
After btlng out over two hours the Jury
failed to arrive at a verdict and was dis
charged It is understood that the jurors
stood eleven for acquittal and one for
conviction. Judge Conlan at once ordered
the defendant released on his own recog-
Xead broke down and wept bltterly
when the foreman of the jury announced
that it was impossible to agree on a ver
dict As the jurors filed out of the court
room Nead, with tears streaming down
his cheeks shook hands with several of
them. The wife, who was also crying,
led him from the court room, after vainly
endeavoring to cheer him up.
A SLAP SUGGESTS DEATH.
A Family Quarrel IMves Kate Pan
chella to Attempt Suicide.
Kate Panchella, residing at 21 Ohio
street, attempted suicide last evening be
taking a dose of iodine. The reason of
her desire to die was a quarrel with her
husband, during which he slapped her.
The husband, Joe Panchella, a horse
shoer, says that this is the third attempt
his wife has made to kill herself. She
left home a few days ago, while drink
ing heavily, but was persuaded to return
by her husband. An effort was made to
settle the differences between the two and
the attempt was so successful that the
husband finally gave her some money
with which to buy trinkets as a peace
offering. In discussing the trouble a
quarrel resulted, in which Panchella slap
ped his wife. She went to a neighboring
drug store and purchased the tincture of
Mrs. Panchella was taken to the Hafbor
Receiving Hospital, where she was treat
ed by Dr. Fitzgibbon. Up to a late hour
last night she was still unconscious from
the effects of the lodine, but the physi
cians believe that she will recover.
No one will use a fountain pen after
trying a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
MBS. DANIELL'S WOES.
Rev. John Hemphill Summoned to
England to Aid His Step-
Daughter.
Rev. John Hemphlll, pastor of Calvary
Presbyterian Church, is on his way to
England to render what assistance lies in
j his power to his stepdaughter, Mrs. James
| W. Danlell, who is experiencing no end of
trouble with her aristocratic husband.
Dr. Hemphlll started a week ago to-day
at an hour's notice, but his absence was
not generally known until last Sunday,
when Rev. S. 8. Kerr filled his pulpit.
Mrs. HemDhill went to England several
weeks ago to assist her daughter, and it
was the receipt of an urgent telegram
from her that started Dr. pemphlll off so
suddenly.
The marital troubles of Mrs. Daniell
have long been the subject of gossip on
both sides of the Atlantic. She is the
daughter of Mrs. Hemphlll by a former
marriage, her father's name being Cog
hill. Miss Coghill married R. P. Hastings, j
son of the late Judge S. C. Hastings by
whom she had two children. After her nus
band's death she went to England and m
ISA was married to Daniell. a member or
an aristocratic English family. « ne ™
Hastings died he left his entire fortune to
the widow, making no provision for tne
children. There was a bitter contest over
this, and the widow compromised by set
tling half the property upon the two chil
dren, who were allowed $600 a month oy
the Superior Court here. , «_.
Daniell has squandered his wife s for
tune and Is making desperate efforts to
gain possession of his stepchildren s in
heritance, and it is to prevent this tna. |
Dr. Hemphill has gone to England, tan- .
ing a lawyer with him. Mrs. Daniel has
refused to seek a divorce so far. creaa
ing the notoriety, but she will begin
action at once for a legal separation.
Ministers' Meeting.
Rev Dr. F. B. Cherington read a sharp
criticism on Mme. Blavatsky before the
Congregational ministers' meeting jester- !
day. He outlined the career of the
madame during her stay in India and her ;
ultimate exposure through a Frenchman ,
named Coulomb. The paper was careful'.y
prepaxed and its reading was intently lis
tened to. A number of Interesting talks
were delivered before the Methodist min
isters during their session. Rev. Dr. Har
ris enlightened his listeners with an idea
of missionary work in Japan and Super
intendent C. J. Larsen. lately returned
from Alaska, told of the splendid work
that was progressing in the land or the
Midnight Sun.
Rev. Dr. Burnett delivered a strong ad
dress on the "Unnecessary Burdens W men \
Ministers Bear" before the Presbyterian j
Ministers' Union yesterday.
PROCLAMATION.
BTATT; OF CALIFORNIA.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
SACRAMENTO. July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January. A. D. 1397.
two-thlrda of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
in favor thereof, proposed the following: de-
ecrlbed amendments to the Constitution or me
: State of California, to- wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
] (Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
! A resolution to propose to the peopl* of the
; Etate of California an amendment to section
'■ eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
1 tion In relation to revenue and taxation, by
•which it 1b proposed to am«nd said section to
read as follows:
Section IS. No county, city, town, townsmp.
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceedtng in any year
the income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the a.<->;ent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the tirr.e of incurring sucn
indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness aa it falls
due and also provision to constitute a slaking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
: on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
came; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any tin. pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and- work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income ana
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided that any and all claims for maxlng. re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or f-ewers in said city
and county are hereby excerted from the pro-
visions of this section; and In determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo In Solano County, may pay its ■?xlst-
lng indebtedness incurred in the construction
of its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election , held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
•hail be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No,
10.)
1 A resolution proposing to the PefP'f of _^*
Btate of California an amendment to the Con-
i stltutlon of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half. artlcJe eleven thereo f. pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows: t. of any county
- tton 7H. The Inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified? and consistent with and sub-
ject to theConstltution and laws of this Btat<s,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have bee£ for at least five years qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of «mch county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it .hall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
nare and propose a ccunty government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of euch board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
.hall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, lor at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thlrtv days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified 'lector, of such
county, at a general or special election, ana If
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, It shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature Jor its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
sower of alteration or amendment, ana If ap-
braved by a majority of the members elected
to each hous-, It shall b« the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
i ease become the organic law thereof and cuper-
sede any existing county government act, and
ail amendment* thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such ccunty.
and authenticated by the seal of such ccunty.
settlne forth the submission of such county
rovernment act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicatß and
deposited; one in the office of the Secretary of
Ftate the other, after being recorded in the
offire of the Recorder of Deeds In the ccunty,
■jnone the archives of the county. thereof.
courts shall take judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
imended. at intervals of not less thar two
* years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
1 fegi™ktlve authority of the county, to the
ouallfied electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at 1-ast forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
in a newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, andap-
• proved by the Leßislature aa herein provided
for the approval of the county government act
: Tn submitting any such county government act
a.nv alternative article or proposition may be
DMsented for the choice of the voters and may
b" voted on separately without prejudice to
Ct lt"snall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
tMs section, to provide for the mannrr in
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed : for their compenea-
! tlon; for the number of such officers tor the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner in which the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election sha:l be
e?ec?ed or appointed and for the constitution,
■ regulation, compensation and government of
! such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
; also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted; and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may purtlcl-
nate in any primary election.
Whenever any county has. In the manner
j and method herein pointed out adopted any
county government act. and the same shall
■ have been approved by the Legislature as
afore«aid the direction of sections four and
ft-e of this article providing for the unlfrrmlty
'• a Rvstem of county governments throughout
th* State and likewise, providing for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation shall not apply
fiaid county government act shall as to any of
the matt-rs herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
eublect to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified In the
manner herelnabove set fortn.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
1 "' 44.)
A resolution proposing to the people, of _ the
Btate of California an amendment to Con-
«t'tutlon of the Btate. by adding a new s«ctlon
to be known and designated as section flvs and
one-naif, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows: of Claims shall con-
Section n< The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. _ The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction ! to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Ifs Judgment thereon shall be final; The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
In "the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March: - ■■;.-,
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing - on ; the ; second " Monday in '■; July,
and *«.—»*■■£ ■-■-- ■■■*".* ''■ *' • y. •■--". >?•■■-..-> »i .■"-■. -■■■■■■. :
I In th* City of Sacramento, oommenclnjr on
APVERTISEMENTS^^
SIOK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
little Pills.
They also rtlieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
™*. B t c^ Tl(J Monday of November of each year,
ice Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
, shall receive the!r actual expenses, to be paid
i oat of the general fund of the State treasury.
The ! ii i Blature JhallJ haI1 enact aU laws necessary
%*, S .1 lze BUch court, to provide the pro-
of th?s section. aD<l t0 '^ Ut th Drovlsion
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
x • No. 37.)
•ita*. 1 *;?? Ji^n? t0 - P rci P° se tJ» people of the j
«iWm 0 Cal or n«»- an amendment to the Con-
v.J =ySi n of the Stat «- amending article eleven, :
al «*>,.* an w Mctloa thereto, to be known
™^ i,J'° number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments The
said proposed new section to read as follows:
. 1 f, M . t!on s^. The provisions of sections four
fill i\ e < ° th!s artlcle sh *» not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
cave become, cr shall become, organized under
Eection seven, or secure a charter usder section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment of section
atteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend eald sections to
read as follows:
Section IS. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and in the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein. -
Section 16. In caee of the impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
inability to discharge the powers and duties of
bis office, resignation or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Goven.or for the
residue of the term, or until the disability shaU
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent frcm the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy In the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. SS.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
six. article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived frora
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools ehall Include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants, in
; which a course of study shall be taught which
; will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. M.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
is proposed to amend said section to. read aa
follows:
Section t. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then ; remain
•in session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete its
session. ' No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five "lays, wt<l
no bill shall be Introduced in erther hou«» ex»
cept at the first twenty-S»e days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. 1883,
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published ar.d advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8, A. D. IS9B.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express bis
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, belns; Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francieco, and
the existing Indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of its ■ ■
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment? v '
Amendment Number Two. being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea
(providing for framing local county • — — —
government acts by Inhabitants of No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment? . !
Amendment Number Three, being Sen-
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for tbe creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Tes
against the State, and to consist of — — .
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment? l ;
Amendment Number Four, being As- f
i sembly . Constitutional Amendment
No. 87 {exempting consolidated cities Tea
■ and counties, organized or to be or- .
ganlzed, 'or holding a charter un- N«
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation In relation to counties).
For the Amendment? \}
Amendment ' Number Five, being As-
■ sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Tea
providing for succession thereto in — .
certain cases and removing disability No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term). .
• For the Amendment? , I'
Amendment Number Six, being Assem- f
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 Tea
" (relating to and defining Grammar " — .
Schools). No
For the Amendment? \
Amendment ' Number 1 Seven, being As- f
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 84 (providing for adjournment of ' Tes
; Legislature for not less than thirty — —
nor more than sixty days during each No
session). .
For the Amendment? - \
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of the.
State of California, the day ; and year hereia
first above written. ' v . ?-■
■ JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.*
> Attests L. H. BROWN. Secretary of Bt»te»
/ ISEAjL.a v,. ■ .-: ■.-■•■ ■; .. .i, ....-: ;..,.-
ADTZBTISEBIENTS.
A PROPOSAL
To take their linen to any other laun-
dry in San Francisco would not be tol-
erated for a moment by our patrons,
who have been taught to know fine
laundry work when they see it, by the
exquisite work that we execute every
week on their shirts, collars or cuffs.
Our laundry work is above competition.
One trial will convince you.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.
AUDITOR'S
Quarterly Report.
OFFICE OF THE CITT AND COUNTY
AUDITOR.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 30. ISSS.
To the Honorable, the Board of Supervisors —
Gentlemen: I have the honor to submit la ac-
cordance with law, my quarterly report for the
■3. Quarter ending the 30th
I day of September, A. D. ISSj?. Very respect-
i fully. \YM. BRODERICK. Auditor.
DEMA>TDS AUDITED.
General Fund — •
Advertising t 277 62
Almshause expenses 14.713 26
Assessment and military roll £.853 iO
! Burial of indigent dead 625 75
| City and County Attorney's contin-
I gent expenses 253 90
'City Receiving Hospital ittH
i Clerks of Board of Equalization 1,500 00
i Coroner's expenses 624 70
! County Jail No. 2 6,122 24
County Jail No. 3
1 Examining insane persons &&0 00
Finance committee's expenses (Board
1,050 00
Fire alarm and police telegraph (ex-
n and repairs) 3.53116
I Fire alarm apparatus (reconstruction
: and repairs) I.4SS 59
iFire Department— Apparatus 20.306 83
1 Fire Department— Running expenses. 10,471 i~
Fire Department — Leave of absence. 2,44'j 10
Fire Department — Pensions 2.7>5 00
Fish and Game Warden 250 00
Fourth of July appropriation I
Gas Inspector's expenses 455 00
Grand Jury expenses 265 60
Health Department expenses 21,stJ" 6o
Health Department (small pox hos-
p«tai) 1,033 58
i Health Department (expenses of
Jails and prisons) 373 50
Health Department (quarantine ex-
penses) 2.030 5S
.U expenses I<
! Horse keeping (Sheriffs van) 100 00
! Interment (deceased ex-Union sol-
i uierb.i 400 09
Justices, clerks and assistant 1,470 00
Jury and witness fees E
: Jury expenses In criminal cases....
Law library expenses Sl5 00
License Collector's blanks, tags and
numbers 844 75
Mayor's contingent expenses 300 00
Mayor's typewriter ISO 00
Money paid in error and refunded.... 37 50
Police Department — Rents and re-
pairs of stations 1.990 67
Police, mounted 436 50
Police patrol expenses 6,6?2 31
Police telegraph 1,73135
Prisoners, subsistence of 2,6*2 Spd
Public buildings— Fuel
Public buildings — Furniture and re-
pairs 1.319 42
Public buildings— Lighting 3,644 30
Recorder's newspapers
Registration and election expenses. 6LISI 47
Repairs to County Jail No. 1 375 97
Special counsel 750 00
Taxes refunded
Urgent necessity 4.77* 16
Water for municipal purposes 10,171 67
Salaries of city and county ufßcers.. 212.039 11
Salaries of Police Department 234^35 17
Salaries of Fl-e Department 12M16 80
Salaries of Fire Alarm and Police
Telegraph 2.700 00
Court orders— Paid by Treasurer 3. s»ll 25
Total % 823,6?5 43
School Fund-
Apparatus 1,33190
Books 2,3<>b 22
Fuel 52 50
Furniture 17,412 7S
Incidentals 519 75
Legal services 500 00
Lights 761 80
Manual training SO9 24
Mission high school 16.879 30
Permanent improvements 13,918 11
Postage 54 00
Printing 536 S5
Rents 1,966 73
Repairs 18,90139
Salaries of teachers 256.316 40
Salaries of officers 2.742 50
Salaries of Janitors 14,3 i« GO
Salaries of shops 1.507 50
Stationery 2,?36 52
Supplies 4.352 67
Telegra.;.!. service 169 05
Water 26 80
Total - —..$ 888.590 03
Special Fee Fund-
City and county officers' salaries — $ 18,099 93
Printing transcripts on appeal 129 60
Publishing Law and Motion Calendar 200 00
Stationery, printing, blanks, etc... 2.71*13
Total $ t1.148 66
Street Department Fund-
Accepted streets t 81.25S 55
Cleaning streets and sewers 20,5;2 73
I'uMU- square?— lmprovements 8,855 47
Repairs at streets In front of city
property 363 69
Repairs of county roads 3.248 59
Sweeping streets 11.555 80
Total $ 66,464 77
Sundry Funds—
Dlsinterment fur.d I 600 00
Duplicate tax fund 13 72
Exempt Firemen's relief fund 2.999 H
Library fund 7
New City Hall fund 10,790 Ou
Over payment personal property tax
fund 524 99
Park improvement fund 17,771 04
Police contingent fund 492 00
Police relief and pension fund 8.652 33
Pound fee fund 150 00
Public building fund 7.655 00
Street light fund 15,879 75
Teachers' Institute fund 144 i\t
Interest Account —
City Hall conntruction bonds 1,155 00
Total $ 104, 083 84
RECAPITULATION OF DEMANDS AUDITED.
General fund $ 823,695 43
School fund 358,890 03
Street Department fund 66.464 77
Special fee fund 21,148 66
Sundry fund 104,083 84
Total $1^374.2^ 73
DEMANDS OUTSTANDING SEPT. 30, 1898.
General fund $ 679,400 67
I'ipinterment fund 200 00
Duplicate tax fund g ||
Exempt Firemen's relief fund 1,019 60
Free public library fund 113 80
! New City Hall fund 13S 42
1 Nineteenth street extension fund.... 6 87
j Park Improvement fund 19, 8.^ 35
Police relief and pension fund 146 13
Pound fee fund 76 00
Public building fund 400 00
School fund 157.357 07
Special fee fund 6,428 75
Street Department fund 87.253 M
Street light fund 9,148 15
Teachers' Institute fund 24 75
Total t 801.769 28
PROOF.
Demands outstanding June 80, 1898..$ 481,585 27
Demands audited during quarter.... 1.374. J82 73
Total $1,805.868 00
Demands paid during quarter $1,004,098 72
Demands outotandlng September SO,
18SS 801,789 28
Total 81.505.568 00
TREASURER'S ACCOUNT^
Receipts during quarter ending September 30.
1898. at credit of the following funds and ac-
counts:
General Fund—
iFromtaxe. • 19.1 M 48
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
Fines and forfeitures in Police Court
Flnei and'forfeitures in Police Court
Fines and'forf'eituVes'in Police Oo«ft
Fines forfeitures 'Police Court _
Fines 4 and"forfel'ture3"*ln"s'uperlor _
. Court ...'.•••--••- .......•••••••• .i
Health Office receipts ggg
Licenses, city and county ,
Licenses— Municipal :"-l»" «■ aa
Mayor-Issuance of eleven city deeds
clty cc ' county ' property . . $ «
Sale of property by the May0r...... "- 1J
-intendent of Fire Alarm and
PoHce Telegraph-House moving &
permits - • toi „
Almshouse receipts '"■ "_
Tot al ~ »-.^' 45153
Special Fee Fund— „ M
From Auditor • .- an
Clerk of Board of Supervisors »» - ■;
Clerk of Justices' Court r J.«« »
County Clerk -.- *§•*» ~
License Collector Vri SO
Sf c iX? er '.'■'■'.'■''. l.'«* 81
ri^uecVor-\v.\\v.v.\\:::::.......™__i£i^
Tax Collector 1-"*1 -"* t "
Total • »_3|^3J3
Duplicate Tax Fund— and
From Tax Collector-Duplicates and
over-payments • *•*" lv
Disinterment Fund—
From removal permits I__2oo_oo
Library Fund—
From taxes - * f;f «
Fines • _-_ w
Total - -• .....-* ga *3
New City Hall Fund—
From taxes f 11 91
Park Improvement Fund—
From taxes —...$ I.SOI IS
Proceeds of children's quarters ...... 250 00
Rent of boathouse 73 00
Sale of oid material I£2 00
Total i ■ — .— ....7~ 17S8 IS
Pound Fee Fund—
From fees ..._._~ t 18 W
Police Relief and Pension Fund—
From contributions of officers I 1,»4 CO
Fines of officers i,",V 405 00
Fines and forfeitures In . Pollc*
Courts ~. MB<o
Total ...... i - ..-..-..-..f 3.007 00
Public Building Fund—
From taxes ~..~ "■ ■■* ' "
School Fund— 8 J74 83
Re?ts 'ofLincoin'sVhooVioM::::::::: itOCO 00
Rents of sundry school lots - 2.046 2o
Sale of old material *—_•• « jjO
State of California 84.937 60
Total ~ > 52.225 74
Street Department Fund— '
From taxes • f-^l r?
Licenses on vehicles • • •■♦" W
Two per cent of gross earnings of
Btreet railways ' ■"» °*
Total ._ I 12.425 64
Street Light Fund-
From taxes ,^......rt~...» t,e^ +*
Teachers' Institute Fund—
From fees * , »<> °°-
Account With Assessor—
From personal property taxes unse-
cured by real estate $ 8,434 13
INTEREST ACCOUNTS.
City Hall Construction Bonds—
From taxes ♦ 87 17
Park Improvement Bonas —
From taxes - •< 1M **
* Total * 13SJ1
SINKING FUNDS.
City Hall Constructien Bonds—
From taxes » t 183 n
Park Improvement Bonds, li<4-.o —
From taxes $ 55 62
Loans returned 1" 400 00
Interest received 'S3 /a
Total ■$ 16.422 64
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
From taxes I QVt I?
Assessor— Collection of poll taxes 5,9a3 O>
Tax Collector— Collection of poll
taxes 11100
City and County, for Whittier Re-
form School 6SB 49
Total .7 >0.9i7 2a
RECAPITULATION OF RECEIPTS.
General fund $ 142.451 «
Special fee fund 55.43S 23
School fund 52.325 74
Street Department fund 12.42s 64
Sundry funds 23.474 29
State of California 20,927 23
Total .$ 293.097 96
Payments daring quarter ending
September M, IS9B. at debit of the
following funds and accounts:
Dißinterment fund t 600 00
Duplicate tax fund JTO 73
Exempt Firemen's relief fund : ?90 00
General fund - • •••• 467.31163
Library fund 13.224 11
New City Hall .'and....... 10,790 00
Park Improvement fund 37,S<M 03
Police contingent fund |26 90
Police relief and pension fund 8,6i2 33
Pound fee fund* - 150 00
Public building fund 13,320 00
School fund •• 290.223 SI
Street Department fund 87.529 25
Street light fund 41.73S 45
Special fee fund 2«,>57 40
Teachers* Institute fund 119 M
Overpayment personal property
taxes fund •!.•■■• Mil
Interest accounts — Hall Con-
struction bonds 1,155 00
Total »— »» tl.O'H.'-'SS 72
Cash on hand September 80, 189S,
at credit of the following funds
: and accounts:
General fund ---t IS.SIS B
Special fee fund V. 15.452 64
School fund ;— 23.724 71
Public building fund 163,510 73
Street Department fund ...., 21,70« 6?
Park improvement fur.d 83 21
New City Hall fund 85.124 19
Library fund 4.412 04
Street light fund 6.432 45
Police relief and pension fund...... 10,100 2S
Pound fee fund — 16 90
Dlslnterment fund 1.63S 63
Teachers' Institute fund 1.013 93
Duplicate tax fund 4.213 72
Potrero avenue extension fund 3.192
Nineteenth street extension fund 248 77
Overpayment personal property
taxes fund ..-••••••- 8,93124
Robinson bequest fund ■•«
Pacific Railroad interest tax account 33 M
Coupons— School bonds, 1574. ....... 30 00
Coupons— Improvement bonds.. 2,301 SS
Coupons— House of Correction bonds. ■ 00
Coupons — City Hall construction
bonds 5. 910 00
Coupons— Dupont street widening „„-..„
bonds •■•■■■ • j 13,853 5S
Sinking fund-Park Improvement ' -_■ "__
bonds. 1574-75 9.179 53
Sinking fund-City Hall Construc-
tion bonds V^V' 94t * «0
Sinking fund— Dupont street widen-
ing bonds » 19.137 C 3
State of California JT.804 SO
Account with Assessor 175.096 TS
' Total • .$ €00.553 60
Less A C. Wldber deficiency ac-
count • • KIMJT
Balance $ 554.449 03
Tin 1 A.TI ff
Cash on hand June 80. 1898 *•*&*£ £
Receipts during quarter ___!!_
Total 81.555.547 75
Payments during quarter ending
September SO. 3M ir';^'"- 11 1^! 03
Cash on hand September 30. IS9S-... 554.449 03
Total • H. 558.547 73
Loans from Sinking Funds-Outstandlng-
Sinking fund-Park improvement
bonds. 1574-75 • * 5i,500 00
TRANSFERS.
Po^cTrenffTnd^Ss d ion > 7und........$ 5.897 23
Pound f c?ntingeni"fund"::::::::::::: *& oo
Exlmpt^remen-s relief ftujd. 1,979 05
IxemptTiremcn^ relief tunJL 1.979 05
From Special Fee Fund to- --„«.„
General fund ■■■■■■■■■^■■y\- 20,000 00
From Duplicate Tax. Fund to-
General fund •••; — — •"•" 8,000 00
From Street Light Fund to-
General fund ■•■•••• ■•• ........... 5,00000
From Sinking Fund— Park Im-
provement Bonds. 1574-75, to—
School fund ....'.., 120,000 00
From Public Building Fund to—
School, fund .....~'..... 35.000 00
From Account lth Assessor to—
General fund 150.000 00
School fund 38.000
Park improvement fund 15,000 00
Street light fund , 22,000 00
Total .......8 449,443 30
. STATE OF . CALIFORNIA.
Cash on hand June 30, .1898...". ..$ 16.877 57
Taxes received during quarter... 11.174 78
Poll taxes received during quarter.. 9.064 05
Maintenance of juveniles at Whlttler
Reform School BSB 40
' Balance on hand September SO.
+ IS9S ..........:....... f 37,804«qTO KEEP LEPROSY
FROM OUR SHORES
State Board of Health
Will Act.
MISSION OF DR. RUGGLES
GOES TO HAWAII TO CONDUCT
HTVESTIGATIONS.
The Board Considers the Presence of
Texas Fever and Will Recom
mend Measures to Stamp
It Out.
Sj»eclal Dispatch to Th» Call.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17.— At a meet-
Ing of the State Board of Health at the
Capitol to-nisrht Dr. C. A. Rugbies,
president of the board, was appointed
4o visit the Hawaiian Islands to learn
the extent of the presence of leprosy
M-nd to report measures to prevent its
introduction into California. Dr. J. K.
Morse has been appointed for this mis
jtforse had been appointed or this mis
could fulfill it. Since the annexation of
•Hawaii its inhabitants are free to come
to these ports, and It is the intention of
the Board of Health of prepare a re
port for submission to the coming Leg
islature which will suggest safeguards
against the spread of the disease to
these shores.
Dr. Ruggles informed The Call cor
respondent that he would sail on No
vember S. Before his departure Dr.
Huggles will join Drs. Matthews, Hen
derson and Crowley in an investigation
of the Capitol building with regard to
sanitation. Dr. Ruggles asserted to
night that undoubtedly lives had been
lost and other lives threatened by the
lack of sanitation in the big white
-structure. The report of the Board of
Health on this subject Is expected to
form the basis for action by the next
Legislature.
Dr. Mathews. secretary of the board,
ted that Texas fever existed to a
■wide extent among cattle in this State.
He said that when the thermometer
reached 30 decrees the fever tick would
die, thus freeing the cattle in the north
ern portion of the State from the dis
ease. It will then become the duty of
the board next spring to draw a line
through the State, separating the in
fected portion from that from which
the cold weather has driven the dis
ease, and the quarantine must be strict.
Dr. Mathews said the reports con
cerning anthrax had been exaggerated,
and in several instances where it was
thought to have been discovered it was
found that the real cause of death was
insufficient food and impure water due
ht.
The Board of Health will ask the
Legislature for an enlargement of
its powers in the matter of handling
anthrax and similar diseases, including
authority to appoint veterinarians, who
shall go- to infected localities and send
ports, and who shall have the
ITiviiege of destroying cattle found to
be diseased. As it is now, the State
board has no province in the matter,
the counties alone handling it, and
the only way the evil can be reached, in
most of them, is by citizens going be
fore the District Attorneys and swear
ing to complaints against the owners
of infected stock.
The board adjourned to meet to-mor
row night in San Francisco. Several
days will be spent in inspecting the
sanitary condition of the Oakland
Home for the Blind and the Normal
School and other State institutions
around San Francisco.
No Fever.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17.— The letter from
the San Francisco Board of Health to
the San Jose Board of Health, inquir
ing about the Texas fever among cat
tle, was referred to the Board of Su
! --.-visors. It was presented to-day to
the Supervisors, but as the general
idea seemed to be that there was no
fever among cattle in this county, the
letter went to the file without action.
NEEDLESS EXPENSE
IN SHIPPING WOOD
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Oct. 17.— The
wood used by the military establish
ment for Government purposes since
the capitulation of Santiago has been
sent here from the United States at a
cost of $12 a cord, counting the expense
of transportation, of labor in loading
and unloading cars, shipping and un
ehipping. This has been a needless
•waste of money. The forests are full
of wood of all descriptions, thoroughly
suitable to all the Government uses.
The matter was brought to the notice
of Major Knight, the chief quartermas
ter, who is now inviting tenders from
firms, and will probably get all
he requires at about $4 a curd.
The schoor Golden Rod arrived from
Jamaica with 63 negroes on board. They
have not been allowed to land, but will
be sent back. General Wood is deter
mined to stop the spread of unneces-
Bary destitution in the province, and he
thinks one of the best precautions
would be to prevent such immigrations.
Mr. Mason, the British Consul, has for
maliy protested again.st General Wood's
attitude, though he recognizes the wis
dom of the policy. General Wood has
offered to allow immigrants from Ja
macia to land providing the British
Consuls guarantees that none will be
come destitute. Under such conditions
a few will be admitted.
■ ial Sanchez of the Cuban army,
ipanled by five members of his
arrived to-day and visited Gen
eral Wood. They are a fine looking lot
n, by far the best looking Cu
et at Santiago. A reception
will be tendered them to-night at the
Club.
TIMES OF DEPARTURE
OF SPANISH TROOPS
HAVANA, Oct. 17.— The American
military commission held a conference
at their headquarters in the Trocha
Hotel to-day. Rear Admiral Sampson
was present, .enor Giranta, secretary
of the Spanish Commission, presented
to the American Commissioners an of
ficial note setting forth the time when
the next detachment of Spanish, troops
will leave the island.
It is reported that many officers of
General Gomez' staff have received
leave of absence, but it i s added they
have really resigned, owinVto serioua
trouble with their chief. It is father
asserted that the only etaff officers are
Deschapele, a Dominican, and Mariel
Alva, a colored Dominican, and Marcos
Rosario. Among those who have left
Gomez, according to the report, are Dr.
Fermin, Valdez, Dominguez, his chief
of staff; Major Boza, Surgeon Lucas,
Alvarez and Aides de Camp Tafel, Es
trampes and Molina. They say that
Gomez, who is always bad tempered,
has lately become unreasonable, mak
ing it Impossible to remain by his side.
The City Council at its session of
Saturday last decided to charge the
American military commanders $12 BO
each for six plans of the city of Ha
vana, furnished to them at their re
quest.
SPANISH COMMISSION
GETS SHARP RETORT
LONDON, Oct. 18.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Times says: At the
sitting of the Peace Commission this
(Monday) afternoon the American
commissioners officially— and it would
seem definitely— rejected the idea of
accepting sovereignty over Cuba for
the United States. The Spanish com
missioners thereupon remarked that
Spain, having abandoned such sov
ereignty under pressure of the United
States, and the United States having
denied that the sovereignty henceforth
belongs to her, Cuba is de facto in a
state of independency, as an intermis
sion of sovereignty cannot be viewed In
any other light.
The American commissioners rejoin
ed that, without accepting sovereignty,
the United States considered itself
deputed to maintain security for all
the inhabitants, that they would not
fail to introduce and support, and they
would do all that was necessary to put
the island in a state of normal organi
zation to be transformed at the earli
est moment into a legal regularity,
satisfactory for the security of aIL
Upon this the Spanish commission
ers with what seems striking logic,
promptly replied that by the fact of
the declaration just made to them and
of the United States undertaking to
restore legality, order and security, the
United States was invested with
sovereignty and consequently could not
refuse to accept the consequences of
such sovereignty, seeing that they ad
mittedly could not tolerate the relapse
into anarchy of an island placed un
der their supervision and direction.
Notwithstanding these striking objec
tions, the Americans persisted in their
refusal and officially declared that the
United States cannot be con
sidered to be invested by sovereignty
and they could ni_rt deviate from this
derinite declaration. According to im
pressions I have been able to collect in
various circles, unconnected with either
side, but entitled to weight, the refusal
of the Americans is not of a positive
character as would seem to result from
the formal declaration mentioned. The
reason given me is this:
The United States have declared that
they made a war not of conquest, but
of liberation and order, because they
could not allow the propagation at
their very doors of a state of things
which was, in their eyes, a blow to the
cause of humanity and civilization.
They, therefore, made a public declara
tion that the war was not one of con
quest, and they now consider that by
agreeing to be invested with sover
eignty of Cuba they would give them
selves the appearance of having con
quered the island for territorial ag
grandizement.
They refuse to give themselves the
appearance of a conquering nation.
Hence they positively refuse to accept
that charge of sovereignty which would
be inconsistent with the character of |
humanitarian disinterestedness and es- j
sential to the honor of America.
The United States comprehend that
their firm refusal to accept sovereignty j
does not exclude obligation, on the i
footing of justice and equity, to make j
Spain real concessions as to financial j
burdens which would be crushing if she
were saddled with the whole Cuban |
debt. We may be certain that on this j
point the Americans will be less inflex
ible than on the people of society. The j
proof, I am told, that the United States !
are disposed to meet Spain in an equi- I
table fashion is that the Spanish Com- }
missioners, who would not at iirst ac- !
cept any invitation to dine with Gen- |
eral Horace Porter until the end of the
conference, have now accepted.
The Paris correspondent of the Daily !
Mail says: I hear that the peace prob- '
lem will soon be settled, the United I
States assuming the Cuban 6 per cent !
loan of 18S6, which was floated entirely j
for Cuban purposes, and rejecting the
5 per cent loan of 1890.
A dispatch to the London News ,
Agency from Paris says: To-day ;
(Monday) the conference reached a >
crisis for the first time. Judge Day pre- \
sented the demands of the American
Commission in threatening words. He !
said that delay was the only object of I
the Spanish Commissioners to saddle j
the United States with the Cuban debt, I
and would be tolerated no longer, as j
the United States would neither assume
nor guarantee any part of the debt.
The Spaniards replied that this i
placed Spain in a position of repudiat- \
ing or of reducing the face value of the i
Cuban bonds from 50 to 60 per cent, !
paying only half the stipulated interest j
on the reduced value. Before they
adopted either alternative they would
surrender to the United States the en
tire Philippines.
Judge Day responed that the surren
der of the Philippines would probably
be demanded irrespective of the Cuban
or any other debt.
This, to the Spaniards, the first in
timation of the intentions of the United
States as to the Philippines resulted in
a whispered conference, followed by an
adjournment in order to communicate
with the Madrid Government. Judge
Day said that President McKlnley had
instructed him to demand the entire
surrender of Porto Rico to-morrow
(Tuesday).
FUTURE GOVERNMENT
OF PORTO RICO ISLAND
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— General
Brooke has plenary powers in Porto
Rico and will have sole charge of the
government of the island until some
other arrangement is made. It is pos
sible that when the President returns
he may designate a military govern
ment of the island to act in that capac
ity until Congress provides for a terri
torial civil government. No instruc
tions have been sent to General Brooke
regarding his duties after the war when
the island formally passes over to the
United States and all Spanish author
ity is withdrawn, but he is acquainted
with the proclamations of the President
regarding the management of affairs.
General Brooke, it Is understood, in
tends to return to the United States as
soon as the affairs of the island become
more settled, but probably before that
time a military government will be
named, as was done at Santiago.
CONCESSIONS MADE
BY GENERAL BLANCO
HAVANA, Oct. 17.— This afternoon
Senor Benitz, assistant secretary of the
Spanish evacuation commission, de
livered to the United States evacuation
commissioners five notes, four of which
treated on the fortifications of the is
lunds.
The fifth note asserted that Captain
General Blanco formally acceded to the
request of the American commission to
permit the free entry of Red Cross sup
plies at the ports of Havana, Cardenas,
Clenfuegoe, Sagua la Grande, Calbal
ren, Bahia Honda and others of less
Importance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1898.
ENCAMPMENT OF
THE ODD FELLOWS
Invasion of San Jose
Begins To-Day.
BIG ATTENDANCE EXPECTED
ELABORATE PLAN'S FOR THEIR
ENTERTAINMENT.
Entire Week Will Be Given Up to
One Grand Series of Petes,
Excursions and
Dances.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SAN JOSE, Oot 17.— Delegates to the
forty-fourth Grand Encampment of the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows and
Grand Military Council, Department of
California, Patriarchs Militant, began
arriving this afternoon. To-night they
were entertained at a reception at Turn
Verein HalL There are about 150 dele
gates to the encampment, and the Pat
riarchal Degree is represented by 100.
More will arrive on to-morrow morn
ing's trains.
The Bouthern delegations arrived at
2:45, and those from San Francisco and
the central part of the State at 5:45.
They were met at the trains by San Jose
Encampment No. 35, and Canton No. 9.
with a band, and escorted to headquar
ters in Odd Fellows' Hall. Chevaliers
and their ladies were numerous on the
streets this evening, and their presence
gave to the town a military appear
ance. The various cantons are camp
ed In St. James Park and the hollow
square of lighted tents is a scene of
gayety.
The entertainment programme open
ed with the reception this evenins:.
Mayor Martin extending a welcome to
the visiting Odd Fellows. Grand Pat
riarch O. W. Erlewine responded on
behalf of the Grand Encampment The
address of welcome on hehalf of the
Santa Clara County Odd Fellows was
made by Charles M. Shortridge, and
responded to by Grand Scribe W. H.
Barnes. A musical programme fol
lowed.
At Camp Sherman In St. James
Park, Canton No. 9, Captain F. K. Bar
thel. and Canton San Francisco No. 5.
Captain J. A. Thompson, are encamp
ed. Cantons Ridgeley No. 15 of Stock
ton, Salinas No. 21, Santa Rosa No. 23
and Sacramento No. 1 are expected to
] morrow. General C. C. Sherman of
j Riverside is in command. His staff 1b
as follows: Chief of staff. Lieutenant
Colonel J. W. Harris of San Francisco:
adjutant, Major S. F. Ward: inspector
general, Major William Slosser: com
missary. Major F. M. Lee; surgeon gen
eral, Major D. E. Nash. Colonel H. O.
Weaver of the Second Regiment and
; staff also are present.
; The following officers of the Grand En
j campment are present: G. W. Erie
wine, grand patriarch; J. W. Harris.
! grand high priest; Joseph Foster, grand
senior warden; R. D. Gummoe. grand
junior warden; W. H. Barnes, grand
scribe; G. W. Lemont, grand treasurer;
C. H. Wever, grand marshal; J. E. Har
ris, grand sentinel; P. Danker, deputy
grand sentinel: H. S. Wlnn. W. S.
Potter, F. S. Week, grand trustees.
San Jose Encampment has for months
been busy making arrangements for the
reception of the visitors and these are
now complete. The whole week will be
taken up with one grand series of en
tertainments. There will be banquets,
balls, receptions and a competitive drill
by visiting cantons and not a single
dull moment. The citizens of San Jose
will extend the glad hand and Bee that
an enjoyable time is had.
Tents have been pitched in St. James
The programme of the encampment's j
work is as follows:
Tuesday— 9 a. m., opening session of
Grand Encampment; 7:30 p. m., at I. O. !
O. F. Hall, exemplification of Patriarchal
and Golden Rule degrees by Occidental
Encampment of Sacramento and Oriental
Encampment of San Francisco, to be fol
lowed by a banquet.
Wednesday— 9 a. m., continuation of
sessions of Grand Encampment; 7:30 p. •
m., rose carnival pavilion, on Alameda, :
competitive prize drills by the various
cantona, Patriarchs Militant— first, prize, j
trophy and $100; second prize, $100; third j
prize, $75; conferring decoration of chiv- !
airy.
Thursday — 9 a. m., continuation of seo
sion of Grand Encampment; 10 a. m.,
grand street parade of Grand Encamp
ment, cantons, Patriarchs Militant, sub
ordinate encampments," subordinate and
Rebekah lodgt-s; 1 p. m.. at I. O. O. F.
Hall, exemplification of Patriarchs Mili
tant degree by Canton San Jose No. 9
and Military Council, Department of Cal
ifornia. Patriarchs Militant; 7:30 p. m.,
rose carnival, pa%ilion, dress parade of
cantons, Patriarchs Militant; awarding
prizes, exhibition drill by Young Ladles'
Rebekah Drill Corps No. 1 of Stockton,
grand ball.
Friday— 9 a. m., continuation of session
of Grand Encampment.
On Friday afternoon the delegates
will visit Alum Rock Park, an excur
sion to that resort having been ar
ranged by the local lodges of Odd Fel
lows. Mount Hamilton and other points
of interest in tire county a, ill be visited
on Saturday.
ODD FELLOWS' DEGREE
WORK AT HEALDSBURG
HEALDS.:URG, Oct. 16.— A carload
of Odd Fellows, members of Harbor
Lodge No. 253, of West Oakland, came
up to Healdsburg last night to per
form degree work for the local lodge.
Members were present from Petaluma,
Santa Rosa, Windsor, Geyserville and
Cloverdale to witness the splendid work
of the visitors. To-day the Oaklanders
were banqueted and entertained at
Lytton Springs.
REFUTES SOME OF
SEAMAN'S TESTIMONY
Subsistence Department Issues a
Statement Concerning Sup
plies for Sick
Soldiers.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 17.— The subsist
ence department of the army has issued a
statement refuting some features of the
testimony of Major Seaman, surgeon, be
fore the War Investigating Commission.
Major Seaman said no one could get sup
plies for the sick from the commissary
office, yet when he left Ponce, the chief
commissary there had at his disposal
$44,000 subject to requisition of surgeons
for just such supplies as Seaman said he
wanted.
Major Daly, surgeon, who came with
the troops about the same time, made a
requisition and secured $3600 for the pur
chase of supplies for the sick and turned
the unexpended balance Into the depart
ment here when he arrived.
CANONS RELATING
TO REMARRIAGE STAND
Propositions in Begturd to Divorced
Persons Voted Down by Episco
pal House of Bishops.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— Important ac
tion was taken by th« respective bodies
of the Episcopalian council here to-day
on two subjects which have caused much
discussion during the deliberations of
those two bodies.
The House of Bishops, by a vot« of
31 to 32 rejected propositions bearing on the
subject of remarriage of divorced per
sons designed to take the place of those
now in existence. The present canons on
that subject, therefore, remain in force.
In the House of Deputies, after a de
bate which has continued for several
days, a step In the direction of church
unity was taken. The discussion of this
subject was precipitated by the offering
of an amendment to the constitution by
the Rev. Dr. Huntington of New York.
While agreeing with the principle of this
the deputies finally decided to adopt a
briefer amendment offered by Mr. Faude-*
of Minnesota, as follows:
"But provision may be made by canon
for the temporary use of other forms and
directories of worship by congregations
not already in union with this church,
who are willing to accept the spiritual
oversight of the Bishop of the diocese."
The amendment, if adopted by the
Bishops, will go to the dioceses for ac
tion and must be passed by the next gen
eral convention before it becomes opera
tive.
YELLOW FEVER WILL
NOT STAY OCCUPATION
WASHINGTON, Oct 17.— While the
wet season has now almost reached its
end in Cuba, it is said that yellow fever
Is more prevalent and more dangerous
in type just now than at any other time
during the year. These conditions,
however, will not continue long, and it
is believed that before November has
progressed far it will be possible to
have several divisions of troops safely
camped on Cuban soil. A proposition
that is now under consideration looks
to the employment of the Cubans as
local gendarmes, it being urged that
they would be more serviceable In
maintaining order in the towns than
American soldiers, unacquainted with
the Spanish language and Cuban cus
toms.
The United States Government In this
way would be able by the payment of
small salaries to these men to consid
erably relieve the distress that exists
on the island without breeding a class
of professional paupers or lowering the
pride of the Cubans.
Unless General Lee specifically asks
to be relieved from that duty, he is to
command the first expedition, seconded
by General Greene and General Arnold.
TRANSPORTATION OF
CHRISTMAS GIFTS
Quartermaster's Department Will
Deliver Packages to Soldiers
at Manila.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— A dispatch to
the Tribune from Washington says: The
Quartermaster's Department of the army
is arranging to extend its good offices in
the direction of transporting a reasonable
quantity of Christmas gifts to the Amer
ican soldiers in garrison at Manila. It
will be necessary to start a steamer from
San Francisco early in November in or
der to reach the Philippines by Christmas,
and the friends of the soldier boys out be
yond the Pacific who wish to forward
boxes of grood thingrs are already in corre
spondence with the quartermaster general
on the subject.
The rigid rule has been laid down that
Christmas boxes for the soldiers at Ma
nila must not contain quantities of sweet
things calculated to disturb the digestion
of men living in the tropics. Mince meat,
fruit cake and candy will be permitted
only in small parcels, and it is advisable
that packages be limited in weight, as
the department will not be able to for
ward over 1000 tons at the utmost. The
packages will have to be delivered at San
Francisco without expense to the Gov
ernment, which has no fund for trans
porting- such supplies, and It Is essential
that the quartermaster general shall
give permission In each case for the pack
age to go aboard a Government transport.
CONSPIRACY TO MURDER
ALLEGED BY NEVILLS
Mine-Owner Brings a New Suit
Against the Azhderian-Wil
liams-Loose Trio.
FRESNO, Oct. 17.— Captain Nevills has
again begun proceedings against the
Azhderian-Williams-Loose trio, although
just what his purpose is this time is not
quite clear. Some time ago they were ar
rested for attempted extortion and sev
eral cases of alleged grand larceny, but
nothing came of the charges. The extor
tion charge was tried before Judge Joach
imsen of San Francisco, and the defend
ants were discharged. Other cases here
were dismissed by the District Attorney.
To-day Nevills had Azhderian and the
two women arrested for a conspiracy to
murder. They gave bail before Justice
St John in the sum of $500 each. The case
is an old one, and tho facts upon which it
is based have been published several
times in connection with the troubles of
the wealthy mine-owner.
Mrs. Williams has a charge pending in
the Federal court against Nevills, whom
she accuses of having sent obscene letters
to her through the mail.
BRUSH FIRES IN
MONTEREY COUNTY
Three Conflagrations That Bid Fair
to Cause Considerable
Loss.
MONTEREY, Oct. 17.— Three fires have
been raging in this locality for the past
twenty-four hours, and the temperature
is, therefore, unusually .high. The near
est of tho fires is in the Sansito dis
trict near the county road between this
nlace and Salinas, on land owned by
David Jacks, and unless it is soon con
trolled it will result in considerable loss
of fences and cattle feed. Mr. Jacks has
had men fighting it since yesterday
morning, and unceasing work is gradually
netting the better of the flames.
Another fire is in the brush in C.armel
Valley ami a third in the chaparral in
the vicinity of Point Lobos. Both of these
are large and will be dangerous if allowed
to burn unchecked. The atmosphere is
full of smoke and the odor of burning
sage and other brush.
SOCIAL DEMOCRACY
COLONY SITE SELECTED
About Three Hundred Persons Save
Pledged Themselves to Become
Members.
DENVER, Oct. 17.— The Social Democ
racy has secured SOO acres in Jefferson
County, near Denver, on which it is pro
posed "to establish a colony. Throe hun
dred persons have already pledged them
selves to become members and it is ex
pected that by the time the organization
is in working order it will have a mem
bership of 1000.
SUICIDE OF A HIGH
GERMAN OFFICIAL
Was Charged With Theft and the
Forgery of Bank Notes Aggre
gating a Vast Sum.
BERLIN, Oct. 17.— Gruenthal, superin
tendent of the Imperial Printing Office,
has committed suicide. He is charged
with theft and the forgery of bank notes
to an amount of over 400,000 marks.
LADS PLAY WITH A RIFLE.
RENO, Nev., Oct. 17.— A special to the
Gazette from Quincy, California, says:
Yesterday at Robertson ranch Willard
Cameron and Richard Scott, aged 16
years, were playing with a rifle. Thf> pun
was discharged and the bullet struck
Cameron in the left temple, killing him
The Coroner's jury brought in a verdict
of accidental death.
The fao-aimile : ST& s/<?j, . ■'■J7?? '"'■■■ *■ on eTOry ; wrapper
! ilgnatnre of &ut&}T&<£Z&£ f of CASTOBIA.
WHY BERRY STILL
RETAINS THE COIN
Colonel Replies to Red
Cross Charges.
USED PART OF THE MONEY
WILL HOLD BALANCE UNTIL
MUSTERED OUT.
Believes There Is Yet a Bare Possi
bility That the Seventh Regi
ment Will Be Sent to
Manila.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 17.— Colonel
John PL Berry of the Seventh Regi
ment of California Volunteers h<*s re
plied to the statement that he Is hold-
Ing funds donated by *he Red Cross
for co'diers in Manila, He sayq that
the regiment gave a drill in San Fran
cisco which netted $822, and the Red
Cross raised the sum to $1000 ana Bent
him the check. He used $100 in aid
ing convalescents who were not in the
hospital and still retains $900. He will
Ki-^p that sum, he says, until the regi
ment Is mustered out. there still being
the barest possibility of its seeing ser
vice, »nd If the men do not need it ho
will then turn the money over to the
Red Cross of this city.
REFUSES TO RETTTRN IT.
Colonel John R. Berry Holding
Money Desired by the Red
Cross Society.
The ladies of the Red Cross and Colonel
John R. Berry, commanding the Seventh
California Regiment, have had a slight
misunderstanding regarding the posses
sion of $522, which is causing the ladies
some little worry and incidentally result
ing in their saying some rather sharp
things about the colonel. He refuses to
give up the money, the proceeds of a drill
given by his regiment at the desire of the
State Red Cross Society, when his regi
ment was a part of the expeditionary
forces. Colonel Berry claims that the
money was the property of the regiment
without any conditions being attached to
it, while the ladies claim that it was an
emergency fund for the use of the regi
ment in Manila. Now that the regiment
will not go to Manila the ladies think
that the money should be returned to tho
society, but it is evident that the colonel
thinks differently.
The ladies tried to get the money before
the regiment left the city, but Colonel
Berry promised to settle the matter at his
convenience when he reached Los An
geles. According to a member of the ex
ecutive committee of the Red Cross So
ciety legal proceedings may be instituted
if Colonel Berry does not return the
money.
SHIPS CAPTURED
DURING THE WAR
Effective Strength of the Navy In
creased by the Spanish War
ships.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— A dispatch to
the Tribune from Washington says: 'me
effective strength of the United States
has been increased by eight useful ves
sels, which recently flew the Spanish flag.
Five of these are now attached to Ad
miral Dewey's squadron, two are credited
to the North Atlantic station, and the last
is the cruisfr Infanta Maria, now under
her own steam preparing to start for Nor-
I folk to be made ready for active service.
PARIS' BUILDING
STRIKE IS OVER
Troops Withdrawn From the Yards
and Other Places Where They
Were Stationed.
PARIS, Oct. 17.— The building strike has
ended and the troops have been with
drawn from the yards and other places
in which they have been stationed.
SANTA FE OVERLAND WRECKED
Train Barely Escapes a Flange Down
the Mountain.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 17.— The Santa Fe
overland westbound was wrecked yester
day at Summit station, on the Cajon Pass
grade, but no serious damage was done,
except to the engine, which had the front
end stove in. A number of men were at
work removing a trestle and substituting
an embankment, and the engine ran into
a quantity of dirt they had piled on the
track. It toppled over against the moun
tain side. Had it gone the other wav the
train would have fallen 200 feet. Mail
Agents Hanna and Bingjong were badly
shaken.
MISS JACKS HONORED.
Elected Delegate of the Monterey
Red Cross Society.
MONTEREY, Oct. 17.— The Monterey
and Pacific Grove Red Cross Society has
elected its president. Miss M. A. Jacks,
as its delegate to the annual meeting of
the California Red Cross State Associa
tion, and she left to-day for San Fran
cisco to attend the convention to-morrow.
Miss Jacks carries with her an excellent
report of the work and financial condi
tion cf the society she represents which
society, though one of the smallest in
the State, can compare favorably with
uny cf the larger ones.
GUILTY OF GRAND LARCENY.
Swindler A. B. Campbell Convicted
and Sentenced.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 17.— A. B. Camp
bell was convicted of grand larceny and
sentenced this morning to serve ten years
in San Quentin. He represented himself
as manager of a lumber company and re
ceived $200 from victims whom he de
luded into believing that they could thus
secure a job bookkeeping for the firm.
His only defense was that he should have
been charged with procuring: money under
false pretenses, and he will ask for a new
trial on that groujid.
Death of a Pioneer.
SALINAS, Oct. 17.— Hugh Hartnett, a
native of Ireland, who came to America
in the latter part of the forties, and was
among the lirst to come to California in
1549, died to-day, aged 71.
LINCOLN'S FONDNESS FOR
GRANT.
An amusing and possibly instructive
anecdote, in which Lincoln and Grant
figue, and showing the latter's estimate
of cavalry, is related by William O.
Stoddard. for some time one of the for
mer's private secretaries. The general
had not been long in command of the
Army of the Potomac, when one day
Mr. Stoddard asked Lincoln's opinion
of him. "Grant," replied the President,
"is the first general I've had. He's a
general!" Remembering the high es
teem in which McClellan, Buraside,
Hooker and Meade had been held, Mr.
Stoddard asked Lincoln to explain, and
this is what he said:
"You see, when any of the rest set
out on a campaign they'd look over
matters and pick out some one thing
they were short of, and they knew I
couldn't give 'em, and tell me they
couldn't hope to win unless they had it;
and It was most generally cavalry.
Now, when Grant took hold, I was
waiting to see what his pet Impossibil
ity would be, and I reckoned it would
be cavalry, as a matter of course, for
we hadn't horses enough to mount even
what men we had. There were 15,000
or thereabouts up near Harpers Ferry,
and no horses to put them on. Well,
the other day, just as I expected, Grant
Bent to me for those very men; but
what he wanted to know was whether
he could disband 'em or turn 'em into
infantry! He doesn't ask me to do im
possibilities for him, and he's the first
general I've had that didn't."
IT GAVE HIM THE BENDS.
Notwithstanding the danger, there
are always plenty of men to be had
at the water works tunnel. It Isn't
so easy, however, to keep them at
work. They are apt to tire of it very
soon, and all sorts of reasons are given
for quitting.
Not long ago a stout colored man ap
plied to the contractors for a job. He
was a well-built, intelligent looking
fellow, and the foreman at once en
gaged him. He was given charge of
a mule, and started in on his duties.
Not until the third day did he show
any objection to the work.
Then he came into the foreman's
room.
"Boss," ho said. "I gotter quit dis
job."
"What's the trouble?" Inquired the
foreman.
"Well, I jest cain't Btand it no
longer."
"What's wrong?"
"Well, boss, it's dat mule. I nevei
see no such cantankerous mule as dat
ar' one."
"What's the matter with the mule?"
"Mattah wld it? Well, if dat ain't
de wickedest mule dat ever walked on
two legs, den I don't know. Dats an
awdacious mule. Good Lor*, boss, dat
mule has done kick me in every part
of my physogomy. Dat'g right, an' I
ain't goin' to take no more of it."
"Did the mule kick you?"
"Did de mule kick me?"
The colored man echoed the fore
man's words in a tone expressive of the
most withering sarcasm. Then he
placed his hands across the pit of his
stomach and stooped forward.
"Say, boss," he cried, with painful
intensity, "dat llngblasted mule done
kick me so hard right heah dat he give
me de 'bends' foh shuah!"
Then the foreman paid him off and
let him go. — Cleveland Plain Dealer.
HOW THE VENETIANS TALK
FISH.
The streets of Burano are bordered
with massively built arcades, under the
shade of which women knit and spin,
and men wrangle in loud voices in a
dialect from which all consonants seem
to have been dropped. The same end
less argument concerning fish is for
ever in progress at Chioggia. I never
could learn precisely the nature of this
argument, but I am inclined to think
that it has its origin iq the congen
ital inability of a fisherman to tell the
truth as to the fish caught, or lost, by
him. I have never yet seen a Chiog
gian who was not just on the point
of shakiner the dust of the town from
his bare feet and going on board his
fishing-boat as the only refuge from
the unspeakable mendacity and general
villainy of his incredulous fellow
townsmen; or who had not Just landed
from a fishing excursion and was in
the act of taunting the rest of the world
with its inability to rival him as a pis
catorial liar.
The people of Venice affect to believe
that the men of Chioggia are even more
dangerous and quarrelsome than those
of Burano, but I have always found
both Chioggians and Buranese peace
ful and inoffensive folk, and the dis-^
like which the Venetians have for them
is doubtless due to their superior pow
ers of argument in regard to fish. — "W.
I*. Alden in Cassell's Magazine.
THE BABY "HAD BEEN USED."
Johnny is six years old, and he lives
on a North Side street. Just off from
Lincoln Park. And he is a wise boy
for one of his years.
A little sister arrived at the house
not long ago. Johnny was sent to the
grocery store on an errand a few days
later, and the proprietor began to quiz
him about it.
"I hear you have a little sister at
your house," said the grocer.
"Yes, sir," said Johnny.
"Do you like that?" was queried.
"I wish it was a boy," said Johnny,
"so I could play 'mibs' with him an'
baseball an' tag. an' all those things
when he got bigger."
"Well," said the storekeeper, "why
don't you exchange your little sister for
a boy?"
Johnny reflected for a minute. Then
he said, rather sorrowfully:
"We can't now. It's too late. "We've
used her four days." — Chicago Journal.
HOTTENTOT LULLABIES.
Hottentot women, who have long been
supposed to be about the lowest type
of human beings, have an extensive lit
erature of folk stories, folk songs and
baby songs, with which they amuse their
children. Many of the stories and songs
are of considerable beauty, and seem to
show that in some forgotten period the
tribe or race was much higher in the
scale of civilization than it is at the
present time.
AMUSEMENTS.
Our ability to brew a beer
of unusual high quality
gives u : s an extraordinary
ability to please consumers.
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE. U.S.A.
Lods Cahen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
See San Francisco
as the birds see it.
Full course French din-
ner, $i; lunch, 75c.
Spreckels Rotlsserie, 15th Floor, Call building:.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24. ' 3
Healer and Importer of all brands of COKB. ]
Tards at HOWARD AND BEAUS BTS. j
ADVERTISEMENTS,
REPUBLICAN
RALLIES
THIS WEEK!
DON. D. E. HcKINLAY
WILL ADDRESS THE ARTISANS, MECHAN-
ICS, LABORING MEN AND GEN-
ERAL PUBLIC
FALLACIES OF THITsiNGLE TAX
AND THE DOCTRINES OF PROTECTION.
HON. C. L. PATTON,
HON. D. J. MURPHY
AND OTHER SPEAKERS.
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING . **"*
CYCLERY HALL,
HAIGHT AND STANTAN BTREETS.
WEDNESDAY EVENING, OCTOBER U»
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
HON. D. E. McKINLAY
WILL FULLY DISCUSS SINGLE TAX AND
PROTECTION TO AMERICAN LABOR.
DEMOCRATIC
DISTRICT MEETINfiS.
MAYOR PHELAN,
FRANKLIN K. LANE,
BARCLAY HENLEY
AND OTHER PROMINENT SPEAKERS
WILL ADDRESS THE VOTERS ON THJB
ISSUES OP THE DAY AT
Mission Native Sons' Hall,
Seventeenth St., Near Valencia,
THI3 (TUESDAY) EVENING, Oct. 18. 1898.
Under the auspices of the Democratic City and
County Committee.
M. jasper mcdonald. chairman.
THOMAS J. WALSH. Secretary.
FOR
MAYOR:
JAMES D. PHELAN,
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
XON-PARTISAN
NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).
REPTTBiICAN. NON-PARTISAN ANO POP-.
ULIST NOMINEE.
W COUNTY CLERK,
I COUNTY CLERK.
M. A. DEANE,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER. . .
CHAS.S.LAUMEISTER
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE. \" <
VOTE FOR. . .
DR. C. C. O'DONNBLL
FOR CORONER
AND THE DEAD WILL BE RESPECTED.
Sff£ BIDES BOBDEN
(INCUMBENT.)
DEMOCRATIC, NON-PARTISAN AND PEO-
PLE'S PARTY NOMINEE.
DR. ED.E. HILL,
For CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND i PEOPLE'S
PARTY NOMINEE.
E^AR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE'S
PARTY NOMINEE.
NOTICE !
Taxes Dae Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
IMade by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT. STATB OTi
California. Sacramento, Octorier 12, 1898.
In accordance with the provisions of Section
3C65 of the. Political Code, notice Is hereby
given that I have received from the Stats
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Du-
plicate Record of Apportionment of Railway
Assessments," ' containing: . the assessment*
upon the property of each of the following-
nanied associations or corporations as fixed,
. by the said State Board of Equalization tag
the year 189S, to wit:
California Pacific Railroad Company, Central
Pacific Railroad Company, Northern Califor-
nia Railroad Company. Northern Railway
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
Southern California Motor Road Company,
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company, Southern California Railway Com-
pany," Santa Fe Pacific Ra:»rcad Company.
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company, Saa
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway.
Company, : Nevada County Narrow Gauga
«icisco Company, Carson and Colorado
pany, Nevada County Narrow Gauge
road Company, Carson and Colorado
Railroad Company, Nevada-California-Oregoa
Railway Company, Pajaro Valley Consoli-
dated Railroad Company, Pacific Coast Rail-
way ComDany, Alameda and San Joaquia
Railroad Company, Uualala River Railroad
Company, California and Nevada itallroad,
Company, Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, Sierra Valleys Railway Com, any, San
Fran,clsco and San Mateo Electric Railway
Company and Pullman's Palace Car Coot*
pany. ■■■.-..
The State and ' County taxes on all personal
property, and one-half ••of • ■ the ! Stats anj
county taxes on all real property, are now
due and payable . and will - b-» ■ delinquent oa
, the last Monday in November next, at six
o'clock p. m., and unless paid to the Stata
Treasurer at the Capitol prior thereto, fly»
per cent will . be added "to amount thereof
and unless so paid on or before the last Mon-
day in April ; next, at six o ciock p. m.. an
additional five per cent will be added to tha
amount thereof.
The remaining one-half ' of State and county
taxes on all real property will be due and
. payable - after the first Monday In Janu-
ary next, and will be delinquent on th«
last Monday In. April . next at six o'clock
p. m.. . and unless paid' to the Stata
Treasurer at the Capitol prior thereto, ; nva
per cent will be added to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLGAN. State Controller.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific ton! a
for - the sexual . and ■ urinary organs of bota
sexes, ■ and < a great remedy for . diseases 'of th«
kidneys and bladder. A■ , great . Restorative, .'■.
Invlgorator and Nervine. ■ Sells on s Its ■ own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary-
• v NABER, ALFS_ & BRUNB. Agents, *
523 Market etreet, 8,. JV-XBenU, tot GlX9ui*&*
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures weaker.
Other grains dull.
Slight decline in Hay.
Some changes In Beans.
Common Potatoes and Onions lower.
Another decline in Butter.
Eggs and Cheese as before.
Poultry about the same.
Game still comes In spoiled.
Fresh Fruit quiet.
Dried Fruit still dull.
Eastern Lard firmer.
Hcgs unchanged.
WEATHER REPORT.
{120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 17—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 60; Fresno, SS; Los Angeles, 90; Red
Bluff, 84; San Luis Obispo, 92; San Diego, 76;
Sacramento. S4; Independence, — ; Yuma, S4.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
80; minimum, SS; mean, C 9.
WEATHEIi CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather ie cloudy over the northern por
tion of the Pacific Slope and generally clear
ever the southern half.
The pressure has risen along the northern
coast and fallen Quite rapidly over the plateau
and Rocky Mountain regions.
The temperature has risen slightly over Cali
fornia and Nevada and fallen slightly over
Oregon and Washington.
Light showers have fallen in Western Wash
ington and Northwestern Oregon.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
California Tuesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight October IS. 1898:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday; light
northwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; light
variable wind.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Fair; warmer Tuesday. .
Arizona— Fair; warmer Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
fresh westerly wind in the afternoon.
Special from Mount Tamalpais — Clear; wind
northwest, 18 miles; temperature, 69; maxi
mum temperature. 72.
G. H. WILLSOX, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETa
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Although the opening
was slightly higher in sympathy with the rise
In London, the tendency of prices turned down
ward early In the day. The coalers were sub
jected to attack by the bears, and the valuation
of the stocks lowered to an extent surprising
even for these much belabored securities. New
Jersey Central fell an extreme 5H and the de
cline in the rest of the group ranged from 1%
to 3. About the same time Metropolitan Street
Railway broke 3 1 * points, and the whole list
touched the lowest prices of the day. None of
the active railroad stocks fell over % point net.
London was a buyer in this market, especially
of the Pacifies. The covering of the bears In
the coalers worked recoveries ranging up to
2Vt on New Jersey Central, and the news that
there was no decision by the United States Su
preme I'ourt in the Joint Traffic Association
case Induced covering by room traders in the
general llFt. Manhattan was strong and Ha
waiian Commercial advanced at one time 6%.
The closing was firm at the top. There was a
notable firmness In the exchange market, not
withstanding very heavy offerings of bills
against grain and cotton.
Railroad bonds weakened in sympathy with
stocks, but showed a partial recovery toward
the close. Total sales. $l.."il0.O00.
United States •*.« re^:.;rered. the old 4s coupon
and the new 4s advanced V-i. and the 3s coupon,
the old 4s registered and the 5s % per cent in
the bid price. The coupon 3s sold at 105%,
which is the highest price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 247,900
shares, including: Manhattan, 14.01S: Readiner,
first preferred, 18,180; Northern Pacific, 20,476;
do preferred, 3552; Tobacco, 49,792; Sugar, 28,
925. '
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 12%j50 Pacific 23 I
Do prefd 33%'50 Railway S% |
B&O. 2d ast pd. 44% Do prefd 34%
Canada Pacific .. 183% Texas & Pacific.. 13 i
Canada Southern. 52>i i Union Pacific .... 32%
Central Pacific ..25 Do prefd 65% i
Ches & Ohio 21% I" P D & G 1% I
Chi & Alton 152 Wabash 7
Chi B & Q 114% Do prefd 20%
Chi & E 111 54% W&LE,4th ast pd. 3%
Do prefd 105 , Do prefd 18%
C C C & St L.... 39% Express Companies-
Do prefd 86 j Adams Ex 108
Del. & Hudson... 102% I American Ex 130
Del L & XV . 140 United States .... 40
Den & R G 12% Wells Fargo 120 !
Do prefd 54 Miscellaneous — ~ <" -
Erie (new) 12% A Cot Oil 38N :
Do Ist prefd.... 33% Do prefd 85
Fort Wayne 170 Amn Spirits 11%
Gt Nor prefd IXB% Do prefd 34
Hocking Valley... 4 Am Tobacco 115%
Illinois Central .. 106% Do prefd 114
Lake Erie & W.. 13% .People's Gas 103
Do prefd 62 Cons Gas 171
Lake Snore 190% [Com Cable Co 179
T-ouis & Nash 55% Col F & Iron 20%
Manhattan L PC i Do prefd 80 " I
Met St Ry 159% Gen Electric 75%
Mich Central 103 Illinois Steel 92%
Minn & St L 26 |Laclede Gas 47% !
Do Ist prefd 89 (Lead 31% |
Mo Pacific 32% Do prefd 103 I
Mobile & Ohio 26% Nat Lin Oil 3 j
Mo X & T 10V4 Pacific Mail , 32V-
Do prefd 29% Pullman Palace... 197 "
Chi Ind & L 7% Silver Certificates 69%
Do prefd 27% Stand R & T 6%
X J Central 86 Sugar 112% '
X V Central 115% Do prefd 107' i
N V Chi &St L. 11% T C & Iron 26 f, !
Do Ist prefd.... 60 v a Leather 6
Do 2d prefd 30 Do prefd 64%
■Nor West 13 US Rubber 88%
Xo Amer Co C' 4 Do prefd 100%
No Pacific 40% V.'est Union 91%
Do prefd 75% C & N W 130 "
Ontario & W 14%| Do prefd 176
Or R & Nay 52% St L & 5 W 4%
Or Short Line 25% Do prefd .... 11%
Pittsburg 169 R G W 27
Heading 16% Do prefd 65
Rock Island IT'VTntl Paper C 0... 53%
Bt Louis & S F.. 7% Do prefd .... '. 87
Do Ist prefd.... 63% Pac C Ist prefd... 80
Bt Paul 107% Do 2d prefd.... 60
Do prefd 159% Minn Iron 125
Bt P & Om 79% Chicago G W 14%
Do prefd 158 Brooklyn R T 63%
Bt P M & M 171% *
CLOSING BOXDS.
tT 8 3s 105%<N J C 5s 11334
U S new 4a re5r....126%|N Carolina 6s 122
' Do coup 127',s Do 4s 103
U S 4s 110% No Pac lsts 110%
Do coup Hi:,;! . Do 3s. 6«'l
Do 2ds 99 Do 4s. 100%r
TJ S Is -reg. ........ Ul% N V C & St L 45. .104%
Do os coup 112%' Nor & W 6s 123
District 3, 6s 1171.4 Northwestern con. 142%
Ala class A IDS Do deb 5s 120 V.
Do B 108 O Nay lsts 113"
Do C.: 105 0 Nay 4s 99U
I Dor Currency 105 O S Line 6s tr....127%[
.Atchlson 4s 93% O S Line 5s tr....105%
Do adj 4s 71% Pacific 6s of 95....102V4
Can So 2ds lOS'* I Reading 4°... 81%
Chi Term 4s v.i>, }; r; w lsts " 81%
C & Ohio 5s 117 St L & I M C 55.. 97
C H & D 4%c......104% St L & S F G 65. .119%
D & R Gists 11m-- s St P Con 159
D & R G 4s WT% St P C & P 15t5.. ..120
East Term lsts 106 Vi Do 55... 117% '
Erie Gen 4s 70 iSo Railway 03.... y7'k
F W & D lsts tr.. 74i* Stand R ft t 65.... 77
Gen Elec 6s .108 Term new set 35.. 94
GH & SA 6h 104 Tex Pac L G lsts. .loß
Do 2ds 105 Do R<* 2ds 44%
H & T C 6s 110% Union Pac isis!!" 9f1%
Do con 6s 109 i; pD & G lsts 77
lowa C lsts 105% Wabash Ist 65...'.'.'113 M,
La new consols 45. 105 Do 2ds 89
L & N Uni 4s 90<4 W Shore 4b .'.'.'.'.'.'.'.109%
Missouri 6s 100 |Va Centuries 78%
M X & T 2ds 61T41 Do deferred 7U
wSiSfeiiS-iSJI.S Cent lßts *-*
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— |\vis Centl. —
Call loans 2<ff3 Kd Elec Te1........i9e
Time loans 3@4 Gen Eelec prefd..Kfi'.<.
stocks — & S Fe. 12,, Atch im-fd $. 3^%
Atch. Top & S Fe. 12% Bond*- %
•Amer Sugar 112'^ Atchison 4b.... 93%
do prefd .....107 New England 65..'. —
Bay State Gas 1% Gen Elec 5a 107V4
Bell Tel 276 Wls Centl 15.... —
Boston & Albany.. 24'J do 65.. '
Boston & Maine. ..l 63 Mining "shares-
Boston L..... 6'J-H Allouez Mln C 0.... 4%
Chi, Bur & Q 114% Atlantic . 26>&
Fltrhburg 104% Boston & Mont. ...234
Gen Electric 7834 Butte & 805t0n.... 31%
111 Steel — Icalamut & Hecla.s7s
Mexican Centl 4?ij Centennial ... '19
N V & N Eng.... — i Franklin ....'"" 13%
Old Colony 107 Old Dominion "" 282
Or Short Line — — Osceola .... '" 64
Rubber 38 Quincy ..... "119
Ban Diego — Santa Fe Copper" —
Union Pac ......... 32% Tamarack . 175
."West End 65% . Wolverine .... 07W
do prefd 107 Parrott .... "»5
Westlngh Elec 33V4 Humboldt . " "s
do prefd 56%
MINING STOCKS.
Bulwer — Ontario 3 50
Chollar V< Ophlr 40
Crown Point 10 Plymouth in
Con. Cal & Va.... 60 Quicksilver , \ 2 3
Read wood 40 do preferred 350
Gould & Curry.... 15 Sierra Nevada ... ~o
Hale & Norcroßs.. SO Standard 170
Homestake 60 00 Union Con 15
Iron Sliver 60|Yellow Jacket .... 15
Mexican 17'
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Money on call steady
at 2@2% per cent; last loan, 2>4 per cent,
■prime mercantile paper, 3Vi®>4 per cent,
sterling exchange firmer with actual business
In bankers' bills at $4 84%@4 84% for demand
and at %4 6Hfc@-4 81% for 60 days. Posted
rate, $4 32®4 52% and $4 86. Commercial
bills, $4 80^. Silver certificates. 59%@60Hc.
Bar silver, 60c. Mexican dollars, 46% c. Gov
ernment bonds, strong. State bonds, inac
tive. Railroad bonds, weak.
T«HE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— The Evening: Post Lo
ndon financial cablegram says: Advices from
the Paris Bourse being more cheerful, the mar
kets here immediately responded, and although
the best prices were no* maintained, the clos
ing tone was steady. . .
Americans were idle during the day, but
steady with slight advances. v.l—
Copper supplies are etlll decreasing, being
now only 26,217 tons.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 17.— Canadian Pactflo 85%;
Grand Trunk, 7*A. Bar silver Bteady,27 11-16 d.
Money, 3 per cent;
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27,955 barrels; exports, 19,538 barrels. Firm and
more active on spring wheat grades.
WHEAT— Receipts, 403,300 bushels; exports,
628,425 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 76Vic
f.0.1>. afloat. Options opened steadier on fa
vorable cable news and foreign buying.
Thereafter, aside - from occasional brief de
clines from short sales, the market ruled
strong and active, supported by heavy clear
ances, covering and renewed export demand;
closed %c higher on near months, but %c off
on May, which was not wanted by shorts; No.
2 red May. 70%@70"ic; closed, 70% c.
HOPS— Firm.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, 6 points
lower to 5 points higher. Sales 18.500 bags, in
cluding May, ?5 90. Spot coffee— Rio, steady;
mild, steady; moderate Jobbing business.
SUGAR— Raw firm; fair rennlng, 3%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4»4c; molasses sugar, 3^c;
refined firm. ....
METALS— The metal market was decidedly
more active to-day than for weeks past, if not
months. In some instances sellers withdrew
pending further developments and the general
temper of the market was very firm. Tin ex
hibited a remarkable degree of strength with
prices 35 to 40 points higher. Spelter advanced
sharply, as did also copper. At the close the
Metal Exchange called pigiron warrants quiet
and unchanged, with $7 bid, $7 20 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, good demand; $12 50
'•TIN— Unsettled with ?1" 40 bid and $17 CO
aS LEAD— Dull, easier; $3 82% bid and $3 83
SPELTER— Firm, with a good demand, buy
ers and sellers at $5. ..
The firm naming the settling price for lead
ing miners and smelters at the West quoted
lead at $3 70.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— California dried fruits
Evaporated apples— Common, 8c;
prime wire tray. S@SM:c; choice, 9c; fancy, 9%c.
PRUNES — i@B»/s>c per pound as to size and
QT APRICOTS— Royal, ll^lSc; Moorpark WflSc
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7<@9c; peeled, 12@loc
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.— Large sales for export
to-day and report of damage to crop in Mani
toba and Australia caused a sharp rally In
wheat prices after an early decline. Decem
ber closed %C higher. Corn and oats also
responded to influence of Inclement weather
1 and scored good advance, December corn and
1 May oats gaining * ©%c each. Pork lost 2%c,
lard 5c and ribs 2%@5c.
Stormy weather throughout the "West and
| Northwest, a little uneasiness over the war
'■ situation abroad and reports from the sea
i board of a continued good export demand for
wheat started the market strong. Easier mar- |
i ktts abroad and fears of a large increase in
the visible supply which were afterward vexl
! fied caused a period of uneasiness shortly after
I the opening. There was a flood of bullish news
j later, however, which caused a general stam
! pede of the early short sellers. Reports from
i New York were to the effect that exporters
i were buying December wheat freely, with the j
; ocean freight rates advanced to 13 cents to Ant
werp, which is considerably above the highest
i Lelter and war figures last spring. The reason
j given for the advance was that 500.000 bushels
i had been engaged for export to-day and that
I there had already existed a scarcity of vessel
! room. Minneapolis sent reports that her fl(Xir
' sales were enormous, with the cash wheat mar
kot strone, and that the Manitoba crop had
been damaged in shock to the extent of about
j 6,000,0<>0 bushels by the incessant rains of the
! last three weeks. Receips were liberal, Chi
cago receiving 311 cars, against 254 last year,
and Minneapolis and Duluth receiving 1672
; cars, comsared with 1494 for the same day a
year ago. The primary market receipts reached
' a totai for the day of 2,188,000 bushels, against
i 1,480,000 for the previous year. The visible
supply increased 2,365,000 bushels for the week j
and shipments of wheat from Russia last week
i were 2.165.000 bushels or 200,000 more than for
th« week before. Continued reiteration of the
< reports of damage by drought in Australia and |
i by wet weather to the wheat in shock in Mani- j
toba finally carried December up to 64%0 near J
the close.
There was a bic trade In corn and prices j
scored a substantial advance. Wet weather
throughout the corn belt with its prospect of
further cutting: down the receipts from the
country was the leading influence. The visi
ble supply Increased 2,361,000 bushels last week.
Receipts to-day were 1194 cars. December
; opened upchanged at 30%@31c and advanced to
i 31% c sellers, the closing figure.
! Oats followed the other grains. Receipts were
! 575 cars. May began a shade higher p* 23%@
1 23" c and 23% c, advanced to 23% c and closed at
j 23%®23%c. i- ■--•>-;.
Large receipts of hoes here and atall other
packing points caused a easy feeling In pro
visions. January pork opened 5c lower at
J3 15, rose to JS 25, sold off to $9 12%, and
1 closed at $3 35%. The range In lard and ribs
I was very rarrow.
| The leading futures ranged as follows: r
Articles— Open. High. Low. . Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
I October 65%
December 64% 64% . 64H 65% !
; May 66 66% 65% 66V* j
1 Corn, No. 2—
I October 30% 31 30% 31
(December 31 31% 30% 81%
May 33% 33% 33% 33%
Oats, No. 2—
December 23% 22% 22% 22% i
i May 23% 23% 23%. 23% i
Mess Pork, per bbl—
i January ..9 15 925 9 12% 9 17%
i December 795 805 7 92% 795
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December 495 4 91% 490 4 92%
i January 5 02% 5 07% 500 600
Short Ribs, per 100 lbt>—
I October 535 635 5 32% C 32%
! January ..4 75 480 4 72% 475
Cash quotations were as rollows: Flour.
I firm; No. 2 spring ' wheat, 64®64%c; No. 3
; spring wheat. 63@64c; No. 2 red. 67c; No. 2 corn.
31c; No. 2 oats, 23c; No 2 white, 25@2Sc; No. 3
white, 24@25c; No. 2 rye, 49% c; No. 2 barley,
32@35c; No. 1 flaxseed, 91c; prime timothy.
seed, $2 30; mess pork, per bbl., $7 90@7 95; lard,
per 100 lbs, $4 85@"5; short ribs sides, (loose),
! *5 15@$5 40; dry salted shoulders, (boxed), 4%
! <§4%c: short clear sides, (boxed), $5 25@5 35;
! whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal.. $1 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 11,100 20,600
Wheat, bushels 110,000 422,000
Corn, bushels 452,000 680,000
Oats, bushels 453.000 226,000
Rye, bushels 23,000 22,000
Barley, bushels 122,000 16,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 13@21c; dairy, 12
8c; eggs, firm; fresh, loo; cheese, steady;
7%«#>%c
WHEAT MOVEMENTS. -"
Receipts, Shipments,
Cities Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis • ..
Duluth
Milwaukee 64,650 79,100
Chicago . 110.650 422,600
Toledo • 34,072 71,000
St. Louis
Detroit '• 23,877 16,527
Kansas City .303,000 141.500
Totals ...........* .....I.
Tidewater-
Boston .•••• ....... 119,982
New York
Philadelphia 27,117 2,327
Baltimore 64,979 148,000
New Orleans ,
Galveston •
Totals .......
, LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
'i Wheat— Oct. Dec. Mar.
Opening ..'... .'.....'.... -i 6 9%. 6 9
Closing ••..•• 6 10 ......
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— -V. V ' Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening .......47 65 47 65
Closing ; 1 .... ■ ■ ....
Wheat —
Opening .......2195 21 %
Cicttng ; .... . ....
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.— CATTLE— Ruled a little
I lower to-day. Choice steers, $5 40@5 SO; mcd-
I ium, $4 So@s;beef steers, $4 10@4 75; Mtockers
1 and feeders. |3@4 70; bulls. $2 40^2 45; cows
I and heifers. $3 50(g4 25; calves, *3<g>7 25; West
ern rangers, ?2 75@4 60; Western fed t-teers,
*4@5 50.
HOGS — Good droves' of hogs sold rather ac
tively at steady prices. Weakness was con
fined to common packing lots, which were In
some cases 2V4@sc lower. Fair to chotca hogs
sold largely at $3 75@3 77V-. the commonest
droves selling at $3 40@3 50, and the best at
$:i 90®3 95; pigs sold at $2 75@3 K. '.'argely 'at
$3 2">'5(3 CO. ; The hogs averaged fairly . well in
quality, and cHoice lotß or various weights
sold close together. '«"•": •
SHEEP— There was fairly active demand for
sheep, but the liberal supply caused a weaker
feeling, and ; prices • were to a large extent '>©
10c lower for both sheep and lambs. Sheep wero
salable at $3if?3 50 for the poorest to $4 40@4 60
for choice lots, Western range flocks selling at
|3 50@4 30. Lambs were slower than hereto
fore, at J4®4 B0 for common up to |5 75@6 15 for
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBEB 18, 1898.
good to choice flocks. Feeding sheep sold at
$4@4 15, and feeding lambs at $4 90@5 10.
Receipts— Cattle, 20,000; hogs, 37,000; sheep,
25,000.
DENVER,
DENVER, Oct. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2000.
Market active and firm; beef steers, $3 60@4 10;
cowb. $2 60@3 50; feders. freight paid to river,
$3 Ss@4 20; stockers, freight paid, $3 90®4 25;
bulls, stags, etc., $2@3.
HOGS— Receipts. 100. Market a ehade
higher; firm; light packers, $3 70©3 75; mixed,
$3 65®3 70; heavy, $3 55@3 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 14,800. Market active and
steady. Goot, fat muttons ■$3 10@4 25; lambs,
$4 25^5 20.
FOREIGN MAJRKETS.
LONDON, Oct. 17.— Consols. 109 9-16; «ilver,
27 U-16d; French rentes, 102f 22ftc; wheat
cargoes off. coast, nothing doing; cargoes on
passage, firm; English country markets, part
6d dearer; imports Into United Kingdom,
wheat, 352,000 bushels: imports Into United
Kingdom, flour, 239,000 bushels; Indian ship
ments of wheat to United Kingdom, 3000
bushels; Indian shipments of wheat to conti
nent, 11,000 bushels.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 17.— Wheat, firm: wheat
in Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet and steady; cotton, up
lands, 8 3-32 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 17.— Closing— Corn, spot.
American mixed new, steady, 3s 7%d: October,
quiet, 3s 7#d; November, quiet, 3s V6<i; Decem
ber, quiet, 3s 7%d.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; October,
5s lO&d; December, 5s lOd; March, 5s S%d.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT BALES.
TTie Earl Fruit Company's auction sales of
I California fruit to-day resulted as follows:
BOSTON. Oct. 17.— Grapes— Tokay, 85c®$l 60,
average $1 23; double crates, $2 30*03 16, average
$2 71; Cornichon, $1 25<g>l 40, average U 33.
Prunes— ltalian, $1 20>31 65, average $1 36.
Weather favorable. Three cars sold.
BUTTER MARKET.
ELGIN, 111., Oct. 17— Butter very firm; offer
ings. 720 tubs; sales, 125 tubs at 21%0.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Oct. 17.— Exchanges, $358,481;
balances, $94,924.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 17.— The wheat market Is
steady at about last week's closing prices,
with Walla Walla 60@610 and Valley and Blue
stem 62<g«4c. There was very little buying to
day, but receipts were heavy, running over 300
cars.
Cleared— British steamer Athenian for Vladi
vostock and Hongkong with 13,108 barrels
flour; bark Australia for Queenstown with 144,
700 bushels wheat.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4-85
Sterling Cables — 4 85%
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. —
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars 47% «?%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There was less steadiness yester
day and futures were off on the first calls.
The spot market was quiet and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 IS%@l 20; milling,
$1 22%@1 26.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
8000 ctls, $1 21%; 2000, $1 21%; 4000, *1 21; 2000.
$1 20% ; 4000. 11 20%.
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 21;
4000. $1 20%; 14.000, $1 20%.
Regular forenoon session— December— lo,ooo
ctls. $121; 2000, $120%: 34.000. $121%.
Afternoon session— December— Booo ctls. $1 21%;
20,000,5 l 21%; 4000. $1 21%.
BARLEY— Remained quiet and unchanged.
Shipment of 33.013 ctls Brewing, valued at $44,
000. to England.
Feed, $1 17%@1 21%; Brewing, $1 25 for No. 2.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 24%.
Regular forenoon session — No sales.
Afternoon session— December— 6ooo tons, $1 24%;
2000, Jl 24%; 2000. $1 24%; 2000 (brewing), $1 30.
OATS — There Is nothing new, trade being
quiet.
Fancy Feed, $1 25@1 27% per ctl: good to
choice, $1 20® 1 22%; common. $1 15@1 17%; Sur
prise, $130*8135; Gray, $1 13@1 20; milling,
$1 20fgl 25 per ctl; Red, $1 40@l 47%; Black,
$1 50@l 70.
CORN— Offerings are larger, but quotations
show no decline.
Small round yellow. $1 20: Eastern large yel
low $105(5107%; white, $110; mixed, $I@l OS
per ctl: California White. $1 12% m 15.
RYE — California, »1 22%^1 25; Eastern,
$1 17% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Eastern is quoted at $1 73
per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15©4 25; bakers'
extras. $4 per bbL
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4^4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 Ss!g6 25; In sacks, $5 Gs@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 CO
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUTTS.
Receipts of Hay have been heavier during
the past three or four days and yesterday
ran up to over 900 tons. Buyers are Indifferent
at the moment, the market lacks life and
prices are rather lower all around.
No further change In Feedstuffs.
HRAN-$15'816 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIS@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $28 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50: Jobbing, i
$32({i32 60; Cocoanut Cake, $24<g>25; Cottonseed
Meal. $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50@24 50;
Cracked Com, $24ff25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $17^18 50 for
good to choice and $15016 for lower grades: no
fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $l. r >@l7 50;
Oat $14@1" 1 50; Island Parley, $12 50@13 50; Al
falfa, $ll«gl2; Stock, $111112; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.J—
Alfalfa. $10tgl0 50 per ton.
STRAW— 4O@7Oc per bale.
EEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are still quoted dull and prices show
some change. Shipment of 4285 ctls to Lon
don. Of this Invoice 4043 ctls were Llmas,
valued at (12,485.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 80^1 90: Small Whites,
J2 OS'?/* 17%; Large Whites, $1 60©l 70; Pinks,
$2 20@2 30; Reds, $3; Blackeye, $3 25<33 50; But
ters, nominal: Llmas, $3 25@3 30; Pea, $190®
2 10; Red Kidneys, J2 HO per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $4 f.o@4 75 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $4@4 25; Flax, nominal; Ca
nary Seed, 2V,ra2%e per tt>; Alfalfa, 6^6^c;
Rape, 2H<&3%e; Hemp. 2%@3c; Timothy, 5@6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. *1 35@1 50; Green. $1 50
@1 75 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The common grades of Potatoes are weaker.
Onions are also lower. Vegetables range about
the same.
POTATOES— 4O@SOc for Early Ros» and 35®
60c for River Burbanks; Salftias Burbanks. 75c
@ 1 20;. Oregon, 65c®$l; Sweet Potatoes, 75c@$l
for nearby and $I@l 25 for Merced.
ONIONS— per ctl; Pickle Onions, 50®
85c per ctl. -»*
VEGETABLES — Mushrooms, per lb-
Oreen Peas, Z(QVAc; String Beans, li4@2%c'
Lima Beans, 50@7»c per sack: Bay Squash, 3S<9
GOc; Green Peppers 50"60 c for Chill and BOQjGOc
for Bell; Cabbage, 50c; Carrots, 35@50c per
sack; Bay Cucumbers, 50@Coc;Tomatoes, 40#6jc -
Garlic, 3c per It); Green Okra, Go@6sc; Dried
Okrri, 10c per Ib; Eg"B Plant, 35@60c per box-
Marrowfat Squash, »'S(<rl2 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced'
desiccated, 16@18c: granulated. . raw, I3o;
Onions, 60c;* Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips. 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c. .
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at Utilize for Turkeys*
$6@6 DO for Hens and young Roosters, $5 for old
Roosters and Fryers and $4 for Broilers.
Two-thirds of the Game came in spoiled and
had to be dumped. We quote good stock only
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15@lBc for Gob
blers and 15@16c for Hens; Oeese per pair
$1 2C@ 1 1 50; Goslings. $1 25@1 50: Ducks. $4<g>s for
old and J4®6 for young; Hens, J4@s; Roos
ters, young, $sjr6; Roosters, old, $4 25<g>4 50-
Fryers, $4<s4 50; Broilers, $3 50<g>4 for large; J3®
8 50 for small; Pigeons, $I@l 25 per dozen for
old and $1 75@2 for squabs.
GAME—
Quail. $2<5>2 50; Mallard, $5@7; Canvasback
; Sprig, $3@4; Teal, |3@3 50; Widgeon'
Jl 50@2 60: Pmall Duck, *1 50@2; English Snipe.
$2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 25@1 50; Gray Oeese, $2®
2 50; Hare, Jl; Rabbits, *1 25@$1 50 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EQGS.
Another decline in Butter is noted. Eggs
and Cheese are unchanged.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 27@28c; sec
onds, 25@26c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 24@2Cc; common
grades, 22^23c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 18(9200; pickled roll,
19<g21c; creamery tub, 21@2254c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16^16^0 per
lb; Elgin, 22'3'22%c.
CHEESE- Choice mild new, 10@llc; old, B%®
9%c: Cream Cheddar, lO^llc; Young America,
10U<@>llHc; Eastern. 12<g>13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 30@36c per dozen; store
Eggs, 18<?i)25c; Eastern, 15@18o tor ordinary «»d
22(gi23c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There was nothing of Importance new, the
market being well supplied with all kinds ex
cept Quinces, which are scarce and higher.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $3@4 50 p«r chest for large and
$66?7 for small.
Figs, 35<g76c per box, double layers.
Cantaloupes, £SJT7Sc per crate: Nutmegs, 25®
50c per box; Watermelons, $15<wi7 per hundred
for large and $8012 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, s@6c per Ib.
Quinces, 7i(g9oc per box.
Pomegranates, 50@75c per small box.
Cranberries, $8 per barrel for Eastern tad
$2 60@2 75 per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary Grapes, 26@60c per box; crates sell
about 10c higher than boxes; Isabellas, 50@75c
per crate; Wine Grapes, $15@18 per ton for
Zlnfandel and $11@14 for common kinds.
Blackberries, none in.
Plume, 35@75c per crate and box.
Peaches, 40@75c per box.
Raspberries, $5@6 per chest.
Apples, 35@60c for common, 76®550 per box
for No. 1 and 90c@$l for choice.
Winter Pears, 36@75c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, $1 80(32 W for
Valencia!-, $1 25@l 50 for Mediterranean Sweets
and $14(1 25 for Seedlings; Lemons, $1 50® 2 50
for common and $3@5 for good to choice; Mex
ican Limes, $0 50@7 50; California Limes, ;
Bananas, $1 25(& 1 2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, $3
(&4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
The week opened dull and unchanged.
DKIED. FRUlT— Prunes. 614<3i7c for 40-5Ca.
5@0!,4c for 60-60' s, 4@4%c for 60-70" s, 3%@3V4c for
70-So"s. 2%@3c for 80-90's, 2U@2V4c for 80-100'B
and l%@2c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, 6<3>70;
Peaches, 6®7c for good to choice, 7V4@8V40 for
fancy and 10@12>4c for peeled; Apricots, 10®
12c for Royals and 12@12^ic for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, 7^4@7^ic; sun dried, 4<9
4%c; Black Figs, sacks, 2®2%c: Plums. 4H<9
6c for pitted and 1<8»1%c - for unpltted; Nec
tarines, 6@7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@70
for quarters and S@9c for halves. N
RAISINS— 2%c for two-crown, 4c ' for three
crown, 4%c for four-crown, 4V4@6c for Seedless
Eultanas, 3*4 c for Seedless Muscatela and ' $1 20
for London Layers; dried Grapes, 2c.
Walnuts, 6c for hardshell, 7o for soft
shell; Almonds, s@6c for hardshell, 130 for
Boftshell, 13@140 for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4®
B^c for Eastern and 4Vtc for California; Pe
cans, 6%@Bc; Filberts, 9%@10c; Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per tb; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per hundred.
HONEY— 10©llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, B^@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, bt&ii'yac
per Ib. ■
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
Eastern Lard is firmer, and dealers would
not be surprised .to see an improvemtnt. The
other descriptions are i ichanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7%c per Ib for
heavy, 8c fcr light medium, 10c for light, 10Hc
fcr extra light and 12@12Hc for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10c; California
Hams, 9@9!ic; Mess Beef. $10@10 60 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11@11 50; Family Beef, Jl2®
12 50; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18®
18 50; mess, $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2o
per Ib.
LAM>— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 5%c per Ib
for compound and 6%@7c for pure; palls, 7^c;
California tierces, 4?i@sc per tt> for compound
and 6-: for pure; half barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
7%c; ¥-lt> tins, 7%c. -'. : .
CO' TOLENE — Tierces, 67/4@6Hc;6 7 /4@6Hc; packages
less Jian 300 — l-tt> palls, 60 in a case, 9Hc;
3-lt> ,>ailß, 20 in a case, B%c; 6-tb pails. 12 In a
case, 8V»c; 10-rb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 60-lt)
tins. 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 It>s net, I%c; haif
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per Ib.
. . .
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, B%c; Cow
hides, S%@9%c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12@13c; dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short wool,
30<g4Oc each; medium. 60<Ss<Oc; long wool. 90c@
$1 10 each; Horsehides. salt. $2 for large and
tKal 50 for small; Colts, 50c; Horsehides, dry,
$1 HO for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%@3%c per lt>;
No. 2. 2i,fi2Sic; refined. 4Vi / S4%c: Grease, 2c.
WOOL— IS 97 clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, 9"izl2c. Spring clip — Southern
Mountain, 12 months'. 9@llc; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', 8@10c; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12514 c; Foothill and Northern,
defective 10@12c; Middle County, 13@16c; Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 14<gl6c: Nevada, 10014 c;
Eastern Oregon, 10012 c: Valley Oregon, l£«l7c
HOPS— IB9B crop. ll@l4c per IT>.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
CANNED GOODS— The ship Alcldea took for
England 64,639 cases fruit and 11,203 cases sal
mon.
BAGS Calcutta Grain Bags for next season, |
nominal, at 4%@5c; Wool Bars. 26@2Sc; San
Quentln Bags. $4 85; Fruit Bags. sc. 5%c and
6%c for the three grades of white and 7@Sc for
brown.
Wellington, $8 per ton: New We'llng
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, $7 60;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $10 in bulk and $11 26
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14:
Cannel, $10 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks. >• '
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: : Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7%c; Powdered.. 6%c; Candy
; Granulated, 6M>c: Dry Granulated. 6c; Confec
tioners' A, 6c; California A. 5%c; Magnolia A,
B%c: Extra C, 5V4c; Golden C, 6»4c: half-barrels,
Vie more than barrels, and boxes %c more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All descriptions remain unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: t
BEEF— First quality, 6@6%c: second quality,
6%c: third quality. 4@se.
YEAL — Large, s@6c; small, <s%©Bc per fb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 6@7c; Ewes. 6®«%c
per U). ..v.":
LAMB — Spring Lamb, 7%<Jißc per R>.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3%®3%c for large. 4tr4Vi'l
for medium and 3%@3Hc for small; stock Hogs,
2@3c; dressed Hogs. DVi#6%c.
- •
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, October 17.
Flour, qr Bks ... 18.524 Wool, bales 426
Wheat, ctla 1,855 Paper, reams ... 1,560
Barley, ctls 360 Eggs, doz 8,970
Cheese, ctls 22 Pelts, Imlls 486
Butter, ctls 11l Hides, no 883
Beans, sks 1,972 Quicksilver, flsk. 13G
Potatoes, sks ... 6.357 Leather, rolls ... 137
Bran,- sks ...:... 90 Lumber, ft 38.000
Middlings, sks .. 6.=>2 \Vln<-, gals ...... 45,550
Onions, sks 871 i Brandy, gals .... 2,500
Hay, tons 887 Lime, . bbls 444
Straw, tons 15 Raisins, bxs .... 2.321
Hops, bales 158 1 Sugar, bags- 2.357
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 7,006 Potatoes, sks ... 2,057
Wheat, ctls ..... 13,440 Bran, sks ....... 2,315
Barley, ctls 10.820 Shorts, Bks ..... 649
Oats, ctls .'.. 7,640 Hay. tons 30
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 2.0001 1.
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 10|
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were a shade lower, under the
usual dull business.
In local securities, Hawaiian advanced to
$44 I i and Hutchinson to $62V4, the former being
active. The other securities ranged about the
same.
At the annual meeting of the Eureka Consol
idated Mining Company the old board of direc
tors was re-elected, with William Fries as
president and 11. P. Bush secretary.
At the annual meeting; of the Exchequer Min
ing Company the old board of directors was re
elected, with Charles Illrsehfeld as president,
C. E. Elliott fcecretary and A. C. Hamilton su
perintendent.
The Orr Water Ditch Company of Washoe
County. New, has levied an assessment of $3
per share, delinquent November 15.
The directors of the Alta Mining Company
yesterday levied an assessment of 5 cents per
share, delinquent November 22. The directors
also voted a pro rata contribution of 1 per
cent to the fund of the Comstock Pumping As
sociation, and It was partly for this purpose
that the assessment was levied.
The Silver King assessment of 25 cents per
share will be delinquent in the company's office
to-dny.
The Reward Gold Mining Company of Ama
dor County has levied an assessment of 2 cents
per share, delinquent November 21.
The Assockitofl (Juki Mining Company of Col
orado paid a dividend of 1 cent per share, or
$12,500, on the 10th.
The Vindicator mine of Colorado paid a divi
dend of 5 cents per share, or $75,000, on the 10th.
The Bullion-Beck Mining Company of Utah
paid a dividend oi." 10 cents per share, amount-
Ing to $10,<Xi0, on October 10.'; This makes a to
tal of $2,535,000 in dividends since the organi
zation, of which $70,000 has been declared this
year.
At a special meeting of the stockholders of
the Scorpion Company yesterday a reduction
of the capital stock from a par value of $100
to $1 per share was authorized. The directors
also voted a pro rata contribution of 1 per cent
to the fund of the Comstock Pumping Associa
tion.
The Mountain Copper Company of California
paid a dividend of 27Vi cents per share on the
15th. The mine Is in Shasta County, and in six
months of the year 103,000 tons of oru were ex
tracted, averaglifcj 7.53 per cent of copper. The
stacks in process of calcination and local treat
ment at Keswlck were increased, as only 72,000
tons of ore were smelted, producing 4329 tons of
copper in matte, which has been sont to the
New Jersey works to be refined. The delivery
of fine copper from these works during the pe
riod was 3'JSO tons, of which 2800 tons were
marketed, the balance being still in process of
treatment for the separation of its gold and
silver.
The official statement of the operations in
the Sierra Nevada mine for the week ending
October 15, is as follows: Riley tunnej — A
south drift started from the eighth floor is ad
vanced 25 feet; face In clay, quartz and por
phyry. The northwest drift from the station
at the 140-foot level of the shaft was advanced
30 feet, making a total of 109 feet. The min
ing of 221 tons of Sierra Nevada ore Is com
pleted. The average assay In battery J am "
pies was: Gold, $24 09; silver, 10 ounces. Snip
ped to the United States Mint at Carson
one bar of bullion of the par value of *104» la.
Also shipped to Selby & Co. 26,630 pounds of
wet sulphurets. 900-level— The upraise in west
crosscut No. 2 from the north lateral drift was
advanced 6 feet; total. 48 feet; top la por
phyry.
In the Justice mine during the past week a
crosscut was run from the face of the soutn
drift from the top of the upralee a distance
of 8 feet to the hanging wall, but the grade
of quart* did not improve. On the <th inst.
commenced extracting ore In west crosscut
Na 1 and hoisted ten tons. Car samples of
same give an average aesay value of $25 per
ton. The ore shows a width of ten feet.
BRUNSWICK LODE.
Best & Belcher, Gould & Curry and Savage—
Butro tunnel level — The Joint east crosscut,
started opposite the west crosscut, 194 feet
from the main tunnel, has been extended 20
feet; face in porphyry and seams of clay.
(.'hollar and Potosl— Boo-foot level— The west
crosscut No. 2, started from the main south
drift, ISO feet south of the Chollar north
line, has been advanced 20 feet; total, 40 feet;
face In porphyry and quartz, giving low as
says.
The superintendents' reports submitted at the
annual meeting of the Con. Cal. & Va. yester
day show that the yield of the mine for the
past year amounted to 749 tons and 420 pounds
of ore, all of which was milled by the Com
etock Mill and Mining Company at the Mor
gan mill and yielded bullion of the gross as
say value of $15,696 30, showing an average
yield of $20 95 per ton. This bullion contained
$8366 S7 in gold and $7329 42 in silver. The coin
value of the bullion amounted to $11,495 82.
There are 162 tons of ore in the surface bins
of the assay value of $39 97 per ton per mine
car samples; also ESB tons and 150 pounds of
low grade ore, deposited on the ground near
tho orehouse, averaging $10 03 per ton per mine
car samples. "Work in the mine was bus
pended July 15. Superintendent Lyman in his
report recommends further prospecting on the
1750-foot level. In his report Superintendent
Ross states that he has devoted the greater
part of his time to collecting data for use
in the plans for draining the lower levels of
the Comstock lode. Part of this data has
been sent to manufacturers of pumping and
electrical machinery to enable them to bid
for the unwaterir.g of the Comstock flooded
levels. Since Superintendent Ross took
charge no work has been done underground in
the mine. On the surface the work has
been confined to carine for the property of
the company, which is In good condition.
Nothing of any value was found in the
ground worked by the company on the Bruns
wick lode during the past year.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Oct. -17— J p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U 8 Bonds— S F G & 8.... 86% SB%
4s quar coup. .111%112% Pan Fran 3 3%
4s quar reg...H0%11l Stockton Gas.. 13 —
4s quar new...127%128 Insurance —
3s new 105 105% Firem's Fund.2oß —
Miscellaneous — Water Stocks —
Cal-st Cab 55..116%117 Contra Costa.. 55 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Marin Co 50 —
C C Wat 55... 100%— Spring Valley. 100^101
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65. .131%— Ang-10-Cal .... 63 —
F& Ci Ry 65. 114% — Bank of Cal.. — 250
Gear--st R ss. — 100 Cal S D ■ T.. — 100
H C & S 4%a.104 — First Nat 207% —
L A L Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A.. 129 132%
Do smtd 65.. 99 100% Mer Exchange— 16
Market-st 65...125/ 4 — Nev Nat B 161 —
Do Ist M 55.114'4U4% Savings Banks—
N C NGRy 75.104 Vi — Ger S & L..1600 1650
N Ry Cal 65.. — 114 Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cai 55.. 103%104% Mutual Say. 35 45
NPC R R 65. 103 106 S F Say U.. 490 —
NPC R R 55.100%10H4 B& L 50.... — 98
N Cal R R 6s. — — Security S B 300 —
Oak Gas r>5....108 -109% Union T C 0.1025. 1025 —
Om Ry 8s 126 — I Street Railroads—
P & Cl Ry 6s. 106% — 'California 108"t41O9^4
P & O 6a 112 — Geary 45 —
Powell-st 65... — 123 Market-st 53% 54%
Sac El Rv 55. 100 — Presidio 8% —
S F & N P ss. lOOHIIO 1 Powder—
SierraßCal 65.104Vfe106% California ....125 145
BPof Ar 65. .108 — E Dynamite... 85 95
P P Cal 6s 11l — Riant Con Co. 49% 49 v»
SPC Is eg &s.. — 103 ngorit 2% 2«4
S P Br 6s 115%115% Miscellaneous—
S V Water 65. 117% — IAI Pac A55n..101%102%
S V Water 4s.lfi3%lo3% jGer Ld Wk5..160 —
Stktn Gas 6b.. 101% — Hana P C 0.... 17% 17 T 4
Gas & Electric— H C & S Co.. 44 44%
Cent Gaslight. los — Hutch S P Co. 62 —
Cent L & P... 8 — iMer Ex Assn. 90 —
Mutual El Co. — 11 I Oceanic S Co. 67 —
Oakland Gas.. — — IPaclflc AF A. 1% 2%
Pac Gas Imp.. 85 87% Pac C Bor C 0.102 —
Pac L Co 47 48% .Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Session.
20 Alaska Packers' Association 102 00
100 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
105 do do 17 37Va
EOS Hutchinson S P Co 6150
25 Oakland Gas 63 75
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 56 75
80 Spring Valley Water 10125
F0 Hawaiian Commercial & Sußar 42 00
75 do do 43 00
525 do do 43 25
100 do do 43 12<4
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 37^4
25 S F Gaslight 3 12^
$800 U S 3» Bonds (coupon) 105 12^
$200 do do 105 26
Street—
20 Spring Valley Water 101 00
Afternoon Session.
80 Giant Powder Con 49 50
10 do do 49 62^4
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
60 do do 17 62*4
400 do do ....17 75
100 Market-street Railway 54 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 4£ 25
200 do do s 30 44 00
75 do do 44 25
[>35 do do 44 00
5 do do 44 12%
45 Hutchinson S P Co 62 25
$5000 Sierra Ry of Cal Bonds 6s 105 00
Street—
60 Oceanic Bteamshlp Co 67 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morntnff Session.
130 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 42 60
Afterr.ocn Session.
35 Spring Valley Water 10125
16 do do 10137%
20 Alaska Packers' Association 102 00
86 Hutchinson S P Co 6150
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in th» San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
100 Alta 03 200 Con Cal & Va... 64
100 Andes OS 400 63
300 Belcher 07 200 Crown Point ... 08
SCO Beet & Belcher. 15 300 Sierra Nevada.. 72
200 Caledonia  1» 100 Union Con 18
300 Challenge 12 1 100 Utah 06
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta 03;300 Ophlr 43
200 Andes OS 400 Savage 05
ICO Best & Belcher. 14(100 Sierra Nevada.. 72
300 Chollar OS 100 Union Con 19
150 Con Cal A Va... 63 100 Tellow Jacket... 13
100 Crown Point ... 06
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 0711400 43
500 Best & Belcher. 13 400 Savage 06
1000 12; 300 Sierra Nevada.. 72
1400Chollar OT|B6O 71
300 Con Cal & Va... 64 300 Union Con 17
1100 631500 18
200 Gould & Curry. 14.500 Yellow Jacket... 13
300 Ophlr 45|
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 07 300 Mexican 13
400 nest & Belcher. 14 200 12
1000 Chollar 08 400 Ophlr 43
1300 Con Cal & Va... 63 600 Potosi 11
600 64 1000 10
200 65 400 Sierra Nevada... 72
200 ~ 61700 70
300 Crown Point ... 07 300 6»
500 Justice 041300 Tellow Jacket... 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Oct. 17—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 01 02 Julia — 02
Alta 02 04 Justice 03 06
Andes 08 0» Kentuck 01 02
Belcher 06 OS Lady Wash ... — 02
Benton Con ... — 07 Mexican 11 12
Bf-st & Belcher 13 14 Occidental — 75
Bullion — 02 Ophlr 42 43
Caledonia 18 20. Overman 01 02
Chollar 07 08 Potosi 09 11
Challenge Con. 12 14 Savage 05 00
fonfldei.ee — 45 Scorpion 03 —
Con Cal & Va. 61 62 Seg Belcher ... — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 68 69
Crown Point ..06 07 Silver Hill — 10
Con New York. — 01 Syndicate 03 —
Eureka Con ... 30 —Standard 170 175
Exchequer — 02 Union Con 18 1)
Gould & Curry. 14 15 Utah 05 06
Hale & Norcrs. 85 — Yellow Jacket. 12 13
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
David D. Houston (by John K. Moore, attor
ney) to John H. Houston, lot on N line of Oak
street, 137:6 W of Octavla, W 137:6 by N 120,
quitclaim d*ed: $500.
Thomas McFadden to Bridget McFadden, lot
on E line of Devlsadero street, 65 S of Geary,
S 27:6 by E 100; also lot on E line of Devisadero
street, 27:6 S of Geary, S 27:6 by E 100: gift.
John and Mary Cotter to James Wright, re
record 909 d. 115, lot on S line of Elizabeth
street, 80 E of Caetro, E 25 by S 114; $300.
Margaret M. and Charles L. Westwood to
Herman M. and Josie E. Welcome, same; $10
Eliza C. Slmonds to Samuel D. Simonds,
lot on S line of Clay street, 59 E of Powell E
26:2 by S 75; $8000.
Pauline C. Bullard to Ardean B. Bullard, lot
on NW line of Harrison street. 875 SW of
Fourth. SW 25 by NW 85; also lot on E line of
Thirty-fifth avenue, 100 S of U street, — 25, E
100, N 25, W 120; also lot on W line of Thirty
eighth avenue, 100 N of S street, N 141:8, NW
120:3, S 149:3, E 120; also lot on W line of Bel
cher street. 100 N of Fourteenth, N 50 by W
125; $5120.
J. G. and Johanna R. Jentzsch to Ernst R.,
Franz L.. Hermann O. and Carl W. Jentzsch
and Marion T. Wilson (Jentzsch), lot aa NE
line of Morris Park, 125 SE of Bryant street
SE 21:6 by NE 75; gift.
Elizabeth Benson to Ellen, wife of Thomas
H. Bwan, lot on E line of Twenty-fourth ave
nue, 800 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by E
120; gift.
John T. and Julia Shields to Western Loan
Association, lot on NE corner of Virginia and
Prospect streets, E 23:4 by N 79:4, lots 818, 321,
323 and 325, Gift Map 3; $60.
Thomas McFaddon to Bridget McFaddon, lot
on NE line of Tenth avenue, 75 NW of O
street, NW 75 by NE 100, lot 15, block 180, South
San Francisco Homestead; gift.
Alameda County.
M. Clark to Frank Wolpert, lots 75 and 76,
Marion Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
M. E. Church Extension Society of Oakland,
Alameda and Berkeley to William B. Quig
ley, lot on N line of Sixth street, 75 E of
Brush, E 12:6 by N 100, block 70, Oakland; $10.
A. B. Tarr, J. Paine, Julia Cotter, Josephine
Nelson. H. Meese. William Stewart, W. J.
Hotchklss and W. B. Cleland to City of Oak
land, lot on N line of Ninth street, 343:2^ W
of Kirkham, W 23:11, N 100, E 24:10. S 100 to
beginning, being portion Plat 365. Oakland,
Quitclaim deed; $i.
Osceola Marrlotte to Joseph G. Subra. undi
vided one-third interest In lot on W line of
Park street, 100 S of Frederick, B 25 by W 125,
being lot 5, block A, Camden Twenty-third
avenue Tract, East Oakland: $30.
Frank H. Carpenter to Eugene A. Trefenthen,
lot on SW line of East Twenty-second street,
314:8^s SE of Twenty-fourth avenue, SE 35 by
SW 150, block N, being subdivision Fifty Aao
ciates' Tract, East Oakland, quitclaim de«d;
$10.
Royal I. Auld to H. F. Poston, lot on NW
corner of Ashby aye. and Wellington st., N 100
by W 86, being the E 85 feet of lots 17 and IS,
block B, Suburban Tract, Berkeley; $10.
A. E. Shaw and Elmhurst Land Company to
Mary M. O'Donnell, lots 90 to 92, 108 to 108,
Elmhurst Park No. 2, Brooklyn Township; $1200.
Caroline E. Dwlnelle to Francis J. Chipman,
lot 84, Encinal Park Tract, Alameda; gift.
Myron T. and Marion B. Holcomb to Mar
garet O. Tregloan, lot on NE line of East
Eighteenth street, 125 NW of Ninth avenue,
NW 25 by NE 100, block 107, Clinton. East Oak
land; $10.
F. W. Dixon to Anson S. Blake, lot on NW
corner of Adeline street and lands of Alywin,
N 30, W 90, S to a point W 89.90, S to a point
E 80 to beginning, being portion of block 2,
Amended Map Central Park, AJcatraz and New-
Cury stations, Berkeley; $10.
Anson S. and Anita S. Blake to Frank W.
Dixon, the S of lot 3, block 2, Central Park
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
J L Lepaule and Sontine Ardizzl to May N.
Orr, lot 24, block 116. Tract B.Berkeley L. and
T. I. Association, Berkeley; $700.
Charles A. and Alice C. Baile" to Nellie 8.
Prior (wife of Philip), lot beginning at - point
60:8 feet NW from S boundary line of lot 6,
University Terrace and also distant 160 SW
from Center of Panoramic way, thence SW
150, NW 100, E 150 to beginning, being portion
University Terrace, Berkeley; $5.
TEX CALL'S CALKNDAB.
October, 1898.
Th.
Moon's Phases.
Last Quarter,
<tf. October T.
/Si v New Moon.
Qp October 16.
18
30
15
23
-^ First Quarter,
Jf October 2J.
©Full iioon,
October 29.
27
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete seta of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. 8. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18.
Sun rises 6:22
Sun sets 6:27
Moon sets 7:32 p. m.
Feet.
in
4 '
4.':
4.!
I::
S: :
9:1
11 :i
1:V
O -Mi
?■ 2
4:4-
7:38
8:36
10:41
11:45
—fl.i
—0.l
6::
6:
6.:
0.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
clay In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column (fives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
an.i then the number piven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. Th<- plane of
reference is tn • mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Leelenaw (
Alliance
Coos Bay
Cleveland
Samoa
Mariposa
Queen
Pomona
Washtenaw
State ornla
Arcata
Corona
North F0rk.....
Homer
Del Norte
City of Rio J...
Chilkat ......
Mackinaw...:...
Ell Thompson..
Wellington
Geo. W. Elder..
City of Puebla..;
Walla Wa11a....
Santa Kosa..:..
San Juan
Columbia... i
Seattle
Oregon Ports
Newport I
St. Michael
Humboldt
Sydney
Victoria & Puget Sound
Humboldt
Tacoma ....
Portland i
Coos 'Bay ..
San Diegro '
Humboldt
Newport '
Crescent City
Manila
Humboldt •••^
iTacoma
Tacoma ....". '
Departure Bay I
Portland j 1
Manila |
\*ictorla & Puget Sound
jSan Diego . ........... '
t. IS
t. 18
:. 18
:. 18
:. 18
:. 19
:. 19
:. 19
:. 19
:. 20
:. 20
:. 20
:. 21
:. 22
:. 22
:. 22
:. 22
:. 22
:. 22
San Dlei
I Panama
Panama '
IPortland ['
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Pier 11
Pier 9
Santa Rosa.
Umatllla ..
Curacao . . .
Cy Panama
Chllkat
Czarina ....
Columbia ..
Australia ..
Alliance ...
|San Diego
Vie & Pgrt Sd.
Mexico
Panama
[Humboldt ....
Puget Sound..
Portland
. 18, 11 am Pier 11
. 18, 10 am Pier 9
. 18, 10 amlPlcr 11
.. IS. 12 mjPMSS
. 18, 2 pmiPler 13
. 18, 5 pm|Pler 8
. 19, 10 am I Pier 24
. 19, 2 pm Pier 7
. 19, 10 am I Pier 20
. 20. 1 pmjPMSS
. 20. 0 am (Pier 11
. 21, 10 am Pier 13
. 21, 4 pm Pier 9
. 21, 2 pm Pier 9
. 21, 10 am Pier 2
. 22, 10 am: Pier 24
. 22. 11 am Pier 11
. 22. 4 pm
. 23, 10 am Pier 9
. 24, 9 am Pier U
. 25, 10 amlPier 21
Honolulu
Humboldt
China
Coos Bay...
A reata
Santa Cruz.
Pomona 1
C. Nelson.. I
State of Cali
Corona I
.&
iNewporc
Coos Bay
Alaska
Humboldi
Pug-et Sound..
Portland
San Diego
in
Signal
Queen I
|Vlc & Pgt Sd.
Homer
Newport
r*>, .,.»'., i
Portland
. j
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlo Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Oc
tober 17, IS9B.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, October 17.
Stmr Plgnal, Bendegaard, 3 days from Colum
bia River.
Br stmr Doric, Smith. 26 days 20% hours from
Honffkonsr. via Yokohama 16 days, via Hono
lulu 7 days.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson, U hours from Eu
reka.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, 85 hours from De
parture Bay.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 41 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, 36 hours from Yen-
Stmr Columbia, Green, 58 hours from Port
land, via Astoria i2\ hours.
Stmr Coqullle River. Johnson, 1" hours from
Fort Brags.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 16 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 39 hours from Moss
Landing. .
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, 33 hours from Al
catraz.
Stmr Senator, Patterson, Manila, via Hono-
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Grays Harbor.
Stmr L&guna, Ericsson, 21 hours from Bear
Harbor. A . _. .
Stmr Charles Nelson, Anderson, 76 hours from
Bark Gatherer, Stokkobye, 11 days from Ta-
C °Schr Chas Hanson. Dannevlg, 12& days from
Port Gamble.
Schr Lena Sweasey, Topfer, 13 days from Port
Blakeley.
Schr Ralph J Long, Gruggel, 12 days from
Siuslaw River.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 24 hours from
Blhlers Point.
Schr Lizzie Vance, Hardwlck, 10% days from
Port Ludlow. . .
Schr W F Jewett, Johnson, Bft day» from
Grays Harbor.
Bunday, October 9.
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, 8 days from Eu
reka.
CLEARED.
Monday, October 17.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Pott
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Aus stmr Slam, Raidich, Nanaimo; John Ro
senfeld's Sons. _ _,
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, Ban Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Chll bark Bundaleer, Rice, Port Townsend;
J J Moore & Co. _ .
Mcx schi- Miranda, Aberdeen; C D Bunker &
Co.
SAILED.
Monday, October IT.
Btmr Del Norte. Stockfleth, Crescent City.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Br ship Alcidos, Dart, London.
Bark Bundaleer, Rice. Port Townsena.
Schr J Eppinger, Colstrnp, Stewarts Point.
TELEQR \PHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct. 17—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, NW; velocity, 4 miles.
CHARTERS.
The America loads coal at Departure Bar
for this port; Ruth, coal at Seattle for this
port.
The Glencalrd is chartered for wheat and
mdse for London or Liverpool, 255; Garsdale.
wheat for Europe, 26s 3d— option of the Colum
bia River, 355. _.
The Thornliebank loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 33b 6<f. _
The Heola loads lumber on the Sound
for Sydney, 37b 6d; Allen A, lumber at Eu
reka for Honolulu.
MISCELLANEOUS..
MARGATO, Eng—Oct 17— Br ship Blen*fell.
from New York, for London was burned off thie
place this morning. Eleven of the crew, beside*
the captain's wife and children, perished.
SPOKEN.
Per Br stmr Doric— Oct 15 in lat 83 30 N, lour
135 01 W, Br bark Springbank, from Newcastle,
NSW, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 17— Schr Dewey. from
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Oct 17.— Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco.
ALBlON— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Albion, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 17— Br «hlp Euterpe,
from Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Oct 17— Bohr
Golden Shore.
ROCKPORT— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Scotia,
hence Oct 18.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Noyo.
for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 17 — Stmr Sequoia, hence Oct 181
FORT ROSS— Sailed Oct 17— Schr La Chllena,
for San Francs>eo.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 19— Schr Mary Buhne,
hence Oct 7; stmr South Coast, hence Oot 14.
Sailed Oct 16— Schr Eureka, for ; vtmx
Chilkat, for San Francisco.
USAL— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Ruth, for Alea-
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 17— Ship
Florence, hence Oct 6; schr James H Bruce,
from Eureka.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 17— Schr Comet,
from Port Gamble; schr Bella, from Crescent
City; stmr Pasadena, from Eureka; bark Tidal
Wave, from Tacoma; schr Louise, from Ump
qua; bktn Uncle John, from Eureka; schr Joa.
eph and Henry, from Coquille River.
Sailed Oct 17— Schr F S Redfleld, for Ta-
REDONDO— Arrived Oct 17— Schr John V
Miller, from Grays Harbor.
COOS BAY — Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Aroata,
hence Oct 14.
EUREKA— SaiIed Oct 17— Stmr Samoa, for
San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 18— Schr Re
porter, for Guaymas.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 17— Schr Sadie, fm
Grays Harbor.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Oct 17— Schr Ida Seh
nauer and bark Aureola, for San Francisco.
ET'REKA— Arrived Oct 17— Htmr Pomona, hno
Oct 18: stmr Alliance, from Portland.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Oct 17— Sohr Jaa
H Bruce, from Eureka.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 17— Ship S P Hitch
cock, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Sept 19— Br ship "William
Law. for Oregon.
WELLINGTON— Arrived Oct 18— Br stmr Ml
owera, from Vancouver.
H> >NOLULU— Arrived Oct 4— Sch Alice Cooke,
from Port Ludlow; bark Amy Turner, from
Departure Bay; BChr Maria E Smith, from
Port Townsend. Oct s— Schr Aloha, henc« Bept
15; Haw' stmr Aztec, from Hongkong; Haw
bark Diamond Head, from Nanaimo. Oct 8—
Br stmr Mogul, from Yokohama: Ger ship H
F Glade, from Bremen. Oct 7— Bktn Eureka,
from Eureka. Oct B— Haw bark Mauna Ala,
hence Sept 26. Oct 9— Haw bark R P Rlthet,
hence Sept 27. Oct 10— Br Btmr Doric, from
Yokohama.
Sailed Oet 6— Sehr Addenda, for San Fran
cisco: bktn Planter, for Laysan Island. Oct 7—7 —
Br ship General Gordon, for Sydney; Br stmr
Mopul. for Portland. Oct B—Haw8 — Haw bark lolanl,
for Hongkong: bark Albert, for San Francisco;
Ger bark Paul Isenberg, for Portland. Oct 10—
Brig W G Irwln. for San Francisco.
IQUlQUl— Arrived Oct 14— Br shift Holt Hill,
from San Diego.
PANAMA— Arrived Oct I— Stmr Acapulco, hno
Sept 8.
CI'XHAVEK- Pased Oct IS— Br ship RJ-rer
dale. from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
COLON— Sailed Oct 14 — 6tmr Alllanca, for
New York.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Aug 27— Fr bark Oul
nevre, from Port Gamble.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Arrrived Oct 17— Stmr Fries
land, from New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Fulda.
from New York. Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Ems, for
New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Oct 17 — Btmr
' Kp.iser Wilhelm der Grosse. from New York.
, .OCEAN TBAVEXI.
j^iEJ^^SSBSraPiJSfl 8 - B - AUSTRALJA
■i^V^Sa a MSvIC Balls for Honolulu only
M 'Ja^M tik KISBSQf Saturday, October a.
ffl V«i-Mr»^^*" ""N. at 2P- m -
PHBB Mlfllo Balls , vl^ Honolulu
r3aHnlL^ alls tor Honolulu only
• Saturday, October 12.
■ -^^ at 2p. m.
G>4iC^X*\ ? he S S - MAHIPOSA
r^tfid^SnD 6'6 ' «a»8 via Honolulu and
2b§3&i@r GJIWHIIJIIII/ Auckland for Sydney
(afflPUFZtf* Wednesda3r November
y»iiij<»iiv%i| 2, at 2 p.m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery «t.
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
1 fc^. 6teamers leavs Broadwai
vq. wharf, San Francisco:
rP*&* For Alaskan ports, 18 a. m.«
tfs»K2ti^ Oct. 3, 8. 13, 18, 23, 28, Not. i.
Hk ■UMlffa transfer at Seattle. •■'■>:
i^^^l W For Victoria, Vanconrer CB.
B^K<l?2al C). Port Townsend. Seattle^
r^B»PP«H Tacoma, Everett, Anaoortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.). II
/-J' '"i^a. m.. Oct. S, 13. 18. 23, 28. Not.
2. and every fifth day thereafter, transfer at
V F?,? >U Eurek 0 a C (Hu'n>bo'ldt Bay). « p. m.. Oct.
d Vor *Baata* r *Cra*. Monterey. Ban Simeon.
Cameos Port HaVford (San L«l« Obis^!
GavVoU Saita Barbara, Ventttra. Huenetn^
£^rt^-»S e SSf?i- Port War-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
rJ» Aneeles and Redondo (Lo« Angeles). U a.
nf Octf 2 6, 10.J4. 18. 22. 26. SO. Not. «. and
* V For Ensenadaf Ma'glalena Bay. San Jos« dal
CaN> Mazatlan, Altata, La Pa*. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 18th ot •T*r»
m For h rurther information obtain folder. .
* The company reserves the ri«ht to ohaan
without prevlou!. notice steamers, sallln* data*
• nfl hours <~f satlln^.
"fIOKKT OmOX —I New Montgomery
utreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Oen. A*t»..
10 Market at., San Francisco.
THE r. &N. co,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P..0/RT,L
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
CARP 12 First Class Including Bertha
rHIil. $8 Second Class and Meals.
Geo. W. Elder sails Oct. 7. IC. 25. Not. S.
Columbia sails Oct. 10, 19, 28, Nov. 6.
State of California sails Oct. 13. 22. 31. Not. r.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
. 630 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO., . -
Superintendents. .
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
r ° (French Line) . . 7
. DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <*ffIPJ»
at 10 : a. ■ m. from Pier 42, North » wHiWrpilit
River, foot of Morton street.
LA NAVARRE Oct. 23
LA NOHMANDIE Oct. 29
LA TOURAINE... Nov S
LA GA5C0GNE...........' .......Nov 12
LA CHAMPAGNE ..Nov. 19
First class ;to ■ Havre $90 and upward 5 per
cent- reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. $45: 10 per cent reduction round trir.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents
5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.- - ■
, BAY AND BIVEB, STEAMBBS.
Friday^ * °" m-jm -j} S:^ P- m^ffil
Landln* andcfflces-Mlsslon Dock. Plw I
■ ■■■? T«J«chona Red 2341. ., -;
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY. AND SUNDAY TOO at" 10 a_ m
| a e n am^ A LYISO. Clay-streeT Wharf Fate ?o
Sane Jose, 'o08:' round, trip.* 75c. Delightful Bay
, Mate P5O AIVISO aOd retUrn ' 75c> TelephoS"ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
WILL PAUSE
TO HONOR
THE "KID"
Frank Price Is Not
Without Friends.
HE WILL BE BURIED TO-DAY
FUSIONISTS ARRANGE FOR A
COUNTY CAMPAIGN.
Will Hold a Rally in Every City and
Town — County Registration
to Close After Next
Week.
Orkland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Oct. 17.
To-morrow afternoon politicians will
pause to pay a final tribute to the re
- of "Kid" Price, who was found
In a room yesterday. The "Kid"
any friends and to-day they are re
ng the many good traits in the de
!'s character.
In his own peculiar way no one was
- known in political Alameda than
Price. Although he frequently was
B< elated with those who do not adorn the
al Brofeasion, it is said that the
"Kid" Invariably preserved his good char
acter.
One of tho county officials said to-day:
"Jt •- Price of being
a ward striker. He was always a decent
but erratic fellow. He was well e4u
and spent some years at Santa Clara
c«. \Vht-;; his father, who was a
prominent Mason, d y< ars ago
insur
. which dhl him n<> good. I
I ever known to vote
a; a p-rin irj • because he had
he did not be
:" holding primaries.
ineral and
I do not mink tht-rt.- is ■>!*,'.■ of us who
that the poor fellow has
d a»ay."
Tin unty Central Com
mittee has completed its list of meetings
fur ihr campaign. For the next week it
follows:
October Is— San Lorenzo.
Uctober IS— North Oakland, Milton Hall,
Twenty-eighth street and San Pablo
avenue.
October — East Oakland, Cameron
Hal. Thirteenth avenue and East Six
teenth street.
October — General ratification of coun
ty ticket at the Tabernacle in Oakland.
October — Irvlngton, clambake at 2
p. m.
October 20 Niles; evening meeting.
October 18— Tesla.
October 21— ond and Third Wards of
Oakland at Enterprise Hall.
October 22— Gtneral Oakland meeting at
thn Tabernacle.
October 22— Livermore.
October 2-J — Pleasanton.
October — Alameda, Bay street station.
October — Sunol, 2p. m.
OcU'btr 2o — Mission San Jose, evening.
Registration will close one week from
next Monday.
MAYOR THOMAS' TAX
LEVY VETO SUSTAINED
THE COUNCIL SUPPORT HIM BY
A UNANIMOUS VOTE.
Tlie Action Largely Due to the Lake
Merritt Dredging Proposition.
Will Draft a New
Ordinance.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— The ideas of the
majority of the City Council have under
a marked change, and this evening
by a unanimous vote the Mayor's veto
of the unpopular tax levy was sustained.
This action was a surprise, as it was ex
pected that the six members would adopt
different tactics.
The reason for the sudden change is
said to be that the bids for dredging Lake
Merritt, which were opened this morn
ing show that the work can be done for
CALIFORNIA
WILL BE THE
TURF MECCA
The Fever Scare Will
Hurt New Orleans.
GRANNAN COMING THIS WAY
GOSSIP GLEANED FROM THE AD
VANCE GUABD.
Orders Pour In for Stable Room.
Lucky Star's Owner
Made Quite a
"Killing."
The New Orleans racing game has al
ways had a raft of pluggers in the East,
and when California was mentioned they
always got the hammers ready for action.
From what .the advance guard of ISastorn !
and Middle Western horsemen now on the ;
ground say, the yellow fever scar« Is apt
to cause thl icicles to form on the eaves
of the grand stand at the old Metalrio
course. a prominent layer of prices s-aid
last night, while standing on a corner fre
quented by. horse people, that Just before i
leaving Chicago for the coast he heard
a number of bookmakers and owners, who
originally Intended going to New Orleans, j
Kay they would ship to California instead.
This may be. bad news fpr Brother Bush,
but we are inclined to think they will
never regret having changed their minds.
James F. Caldwell, the veteran flag
wielder, accompanied by his family, ar
rived in the city yesterday. Mr. Cald
well handled the flag at the recent Los
Angeles meeting, and .while some of his
starts were not up to the average he will
probably be .in form for the Ingleslde
meeting, at which track his work was so
admired last season. •■V»O4:>:
Ld Ehrman, or, as he is known in turf
circles, "Chicago Ed," came up from Los
Angeles Sunday night feeling in good
spirits and possessed of a world of infor
mation concerning turf matters in gen
a much smaller amount than the $80,000
provided in the levy just vetoed. These
ids will be consiuered to-morrow even
ing by the ordinance and judiciary com
mittee and on the result of these de
lioerations will depend in a great degree
the nature of the next attempt to frame
a tax le^>- ordinance.
f »-♦— :
ESCAPED FROM URIAH.
Adolph Hertig Walks to Oakland
and Demands Money From
His Guardian.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— Adolph Hertig,
who escaped from the fkiah Insane Asy
lum on the nth inst., appeared before his
guardian, John Nufer, in East Oakland
to-day and demanded money with which
to purchase a new suit of clothes. Ho
had made the trip on foot and had noth
ing to eat or drink en routo. He was
committed to Ukiah by Judge Ellsworth
on September 2t> because of a melan
cholia, and appeared completely exhaust
ed to-day.
Nufer notified Sheriff White and his
ward was this afternoon taken to the
District Attorney's office, where matters
were arranged so that he might continue
to enjoy liberty for a week. And, if
during this period he behaves and acts
rationally ho will probably be restored to
competency. He is possessed of a small
estate, but had heretofore shown a dis
putation to squander all money that came
into his hands in a reckless manner.
DEATH OF MISS PAULSEN.
A Lovely Life Whose Termination
Will Be Widely Mourned.
OAKLAND, Oct. IT.— The numerous
friends in Oakland and Los Angeles of
Mlsa Birdie Paulsen of Lewiston, this
State, wore greatly shocked to learn of
her sudden death, at the latter place, on
Saturday last. Miss Paulsen, although a
i resident of Trinity County, spent the
[ greater part of her time here and was
' well known in social circles of Oaklandand
'< Los Angeles, usually spending the wln
i ters in the latter place. AltWbugh an
! invalid, her bright, cheerful disposition
'•■ and bravery under Buffering caused her
■ friends to underestimate the seriousness
:of her malady. Though young In years
! the mam estimable Qualities of a strong
and lovely character had endeared her to
a. very wide circle of friends. Her funeral
was held yesterday at Weavervtlle, Trin
ity County.
TWO LIVELY BOUTS.
Beliance Club to Have a Fistic Pro-
gramme To-Night.
OAKL.AND, Oct. 17.— T0-morrow night
the Reliance Athletic Club of Oakland
will hold a boxing night. The programme
will consist of three try-outs for prelim
inaries, and will be as follows: "Kid"
Johnson vs. F. Arnold, Charles Tye vs.
T. McCarthy, and Ned O'Malia vs. Thos.
O'Donnell. The main goes will be for
eight rounds with a decision, and will be
as follows: Gfeorge Gates of the Recrea
tion Club of Alameda vs. Jack Dennis of
the Olympic Club of San Francisco,
weight "loU pounds, and Phil Green, the
soldier boy, vs. Bud Parker of New Or
leans.
The winner of the last go will be
matched with Frank McConnell for the
main event of next month.
Alameda Sues on a Note.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— The City of Ala
meda to-day tiled suit against David
Hirschfeld for the recovery of $300 on a
promissory note. In July, 1594, an effort
was made to put through Santa Clara
avenue from Versailles avenue to High
Btreet. and according to the complaint,
defendant, who was one of the most in
terested in the Improvement, signed a
document reading: "We agree to pay for
the opening of Santa Clara avenue, pro
vided the property owned by us is ex
cepted and relieved from assessment for
such opening. Payment will be made
when notice Fa given that the amount of
damages has been ascertained." De
fendant signed for $300, but has repeat
edly stated before the Alameda City
Trustees that he would most bitterly
fight any effort on the part of the city to
collect the amount.
"The Jewess" and "Camille."
OAKLAND. Oct. 17.— The attraction at
the Macdonough Theater for Tuesday
night will be Nance O'Neil In "The Jew
ess" and on Wednesday evening she will
r in "Camille." Miss O'Neil, being
n. native of Oakland, will be greeted by
an overwhelming welcome by her friends.
Red Cross Delegate.
OAKLAND, cct. 17.— At a general meet
ing of the Oakland Red Cross Society this
morning Mrs. «. W. BuSnell was «
a delegate to the annual meeting of the
State Society, and Mrs. S. <;. Abbott and
Mrs. J. G. Lemmon members of the
State Board, which meets in San Fran
cisco to-morrow.
First Poultry Exhibition.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— The first exhibi
tion of the Oakland Poultry Association
will be held on December 7. lasting four
days at the exposition building. The
Judges will be Henry Rerrar of San Jone
and Ben Woodhull of Stockton. F. A.
Rawsell is secretary of the Poultry Club.
eral. Jolly Tom Costigan, with a valise
full of yarns from the ring, and E. C. ;
Hetzell, equally as well known, are regts
tered at an uptown hotel, awaiting the
opening on the 29th inst.
Harry McKenna, who was out this way ;
two years ago with Pete Hiley, the widely ;
known penciler, is reported to be over
$100,000 winner bucking the game around
the Chicago tracks.
It la with reverence and awe that the, j
smaller fry take oft* their hats when the ;
name of Bookmaker Frank Eckert is men
tioned, and he can undoubtedly be right
fully dubbed the "Napoleon of the Amer
ican turf." Together with John O Neil
the pair have been making the largest
book ever made in this country. During
the recent Bbeepshead Bay meeting the
firm cleaned up $100,000 in two days book
ing. Eckert Is in bad health and his phy
sicians have advised a year's vacation to ;
be .ipent in Colorado. Joe Ullman has (
been the blockman for the firm.
Klley Grannan, no longer the plunger
of old, will be out this way when the
season Is well under way with Ralph
Harris, a brother of Harry Harris, us
a side partner. Grannan can't throw a
brick at a barn and hit a bank any
longer, but can always shake a bank roll
I "sam Summerfield, the genial strawberry
haired man of the chalk and chamois, j
will scratcn California this winter. Sam
is reported to be $20,000 ahead on the
Chicago season, and will run a club room
in the Windy City until after the snow j
The Los Angeles Agricultural Society
quit $4500 ahead on its eleven days' race
meet. With a more liberal outlay of
coin this amount could easily have been j
doubled. r >*f ■*•: i, t .-«j.» m i
The noted Western plunger "Kid wel
l.-r has announced that he will pay. Cali- ;
fornia a visit this winter. Weller is in
terested in a string of horses, among
them the old sprinter Hugh Penny.
Just before the Los Angeles meeting
closed Walter Riggs, with a man and a I
bank roll, arrived at the southern me- ,
tropolis, thinking the meeting would be ,
extended. Walter had a good season
Ea*l the past summer, and will cut In
at Oakland the opening day.
Pat Reagan, Starter James Ferguson a
! assistant, Is back in town from Montana.
When Ferguson left Montana Pat tried i
his hand at starting himself and from
all accounts scored a hit. He states that
on the day that the California bred geld
ing Lucky Star put it over the plate at
• Harlem the first time, Miles Finlen, his
i owaer the well-known Butte mining
man, cleaned up $25,000 over the win.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club has just
I received applications for a large number
I of stalls at Ingleside track, as follows:
Duke & Wlshard, w..0 have the
brothers Rein* under contract, want
eight stalls reserved. This firm owns
Heigh Ho, Stamina, Babieca, Doremus,
Judge Wofford, Mary Black and other
well-known performers. W. B. Sink Jr.
desires eleven stalls made ready for hia
flyers. In Willies stable are Alvarado. 11,
Formero, Rio ChlCO, Boardman. Refugee
and two or three others. Donald Cam
eron will. bring out May.W, Racivan and
a few more. The veteran turfman L. W.
Benson will ship to San Francisco^ th»
honest old David and several others.
Foster Bros., new-comers to this coast,
want eight stalls. They own Abuse (one
of the fastest and most consistent sprint
ers in the Middle West). Dr. Sheppard,
Glenmoyne and George H. Ketchum
among others. The Earnsnaw Bros, will
have eight stalls reser% ed, and expect to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1893.
TWENTY ACRES
OFFERED FOR
THE CITY'S USE
Lake Improvers Ask
for Its Acceptance.
DREDGING BIDS OPENED
CONTRACTORS WANT ALL THE
WORK DONE AT ONCE.
All the Bids Are Taken Under Ad
visement Pending the Fix
ing of the Tax
Levy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 17.
The bids for dredging Lake Merritt were
opened by the Board of Public Works this
morning and several contractors submit
ted their figures.
The meeting was attended by many in
fluential members of the Lake Merritt
Sanitary Improvement Club, Peralta
Heights Improvement Club, Senator
Stratton and others who were present to
offer to the Board of Works in connection
with the dredging: twenty acres of land
which can be used for a park after it is
filled in with the mud from the lake.
The twenty acres of marsh land be
tween Eighth and Twelfth streets were
formally offered to the city through the
Board of Works, and when it is filled in
it is said that the property will be worth
not less than $40,000, for which the city
will have paid nothing.
Senator Stratton tendered the land to
the Board, and in doing so said: "The
Peralta Heights Improvement Club offers
a donation which, unless accepted at this
time, may never be offered again. This
land, at present a nuisance, can be made
a beauty spot, with a fine waterway tor
the passage of boats and with ample pro
visions for flooding the lake. It will make
it possible to remove the car tracks from
Eleventh to Twelfth streets and give a
fine driveway, not only over Eleventh
street, but on a hundred and fifty foot
highway on Twelfth street. I think it is
time that these improvements were madu
and we ask the Board to accept tuo
dredging bid, which provides thy* the city
shall furnish its own dumping ground, so
that we can be assured of this park."
Several other members expressed the
same ideas.
The bids were received from San Fran
cisco Bridge Co.. Quimby & Harrelson,
Pacific Coast Dredging and Reclamation
;ind O. P. Johnson. The bids are
figured out in two ways — one for the wotk
to be completed by June 30 of next your,
another for completion within one year
from date of signing contract. The figures
of the contractors show that it would
be more economical to finish thf work
within the fiscal year. ATI the bids were
read and will be referred to th<- com
mittee of the whole. No action, however,
can be taken until the tax levy is fixed.
HE FEARED HIS WIFE
WOULD POISON HIM
SO HE SHIPPED HER AND NOW
SHE GETS A DIVORCE.
"Captain" Williams Wrote Some In
teresting Letters That Backed
Her Prayer for a Decree.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadwny, Oct. 17.
Judge Greene to-day granted Mrs. Ella
Williams a divorce from Harry Williams
on the ground of desertion. Some inter
esting data was produced at the hearing
this afternoon, when Carl Wood, on be
half of the plaintiff, read numerous let
trrs tearing on the manner in which de
fendant bad got rid of his wife.
It appears that Mrs. Williams, with her
husband's consent, went East in August,
1&96 to visit friends. Before she left she
transferred to her husband's name some
%-«•> on deposit in a local bank, he to send
her funds as she required them.
The following September Williams, who
bring out Mistral 11. Alvin E, Elidad. Joe
Musale and Paul Kruger (latter a Teuton j
colt). Billy Magrane will again make his
way coastward, bringing Montgomery.
Amelia Fonso and eight or nine others.
In other words he reserves eleven stalls
for his flyers. John Hoffman desires that
eight stalls be kept for him. Just what
he will have after he sells Waterton. Dare
11. Found and Marzella could not be
learned. 
Edwin F. Smith will not be the presid
ing judge at Oakland, but at Inglesi.le
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club stake
entries close October 22, 1898. There are
eight events now ooen.
rge Rose's crew leave Chicago for
San Francisco next Sunday. The clerks
number twelve, and they bring their
families along— all in the same sleeper.
At the recent sale of yeamngs and two
venr-olds belonging to A. H. and D. H.
Morris at Morris i'ark. John W. Schorr
& Son paid top price. 1860, for a chestnut
colt by St. Florian from the famous race
man- Reckon.
Jockey Johnny McDonald of California
w.ih set down Indefinitely by Judge Rc< s
last week at Hawthorne. It was for a
very bad rifle on Schorr & Son's Wilson.
McDonald ali hut got the horse left at
the post and then took matters too easy
to suit the Memphis man. who had had
an eye on Mr. McDonald for several
J Storey Curtis, the South African mil
lionaire, shipped his horses In training
and yearlings from Now York to Eng
land last Saturday. Ho has had little or
no luck in this country.
James M. Murphy has consigned his
once great racehorse, Buck Massie, to the
Woodard & Shonklln December auction
sale at Lexington. Ky. Buck won fifteen
Stake races in his day, and judging by
his; conformation and breeding ought to
make an exceptionally good sire.
W F. Bruen has been doing the start
ing at Hawthorne, and. according to the
Chicago papers, has been v.omg it well.
William Fitch, the well-known book
maker and auctioneer, will not come to
California until late in the season. if. in
deed, he comes at all. He made many
friends here last winter and will be
missed.
To Prohibit Raft Building.
President Hugh Craig of the Chamber
of Commerce received a dispatch from
Lyman T. Gage, Secretary of the Treas
ury, yesterday regarding the danger of
rafting logs and timber from the north
ern ports to this city, to the effect that
while the department recognizes the dan
ger to shipping, still there is no direct
law by which it can be stopped. The only
law that could be construed to serve the
purpose is the act of September 19. 1886;
which states that the creation of any ob
struction not affirmatively authorized by
law to the navigable capacity of any wa
ters in respect to which the United States
has Jurisdiction Is prohibited. It is
probable that the chamber's officers will
take action r>n the lines suggested to pre
vent any more rafts being built.
Illness of Ford Thomas.
The well-known customs broker, W.
Ford Thomas, is seriously ill at his resi
dence from a surgical operation to remove
an abscess In the head. He has a splen
did constitution and though well advanced
in years it Is expected that he will re
cover.
is a tonsorial artist by occupation, wrote
his wife that she should quit writing to
him "You and I can no longer live to
gether till you learn some sense. I don t
think you can get along with anybody,
and there is no use of spoiling two lives.
In another epistle he sent the wife a
few dollars and advised her "to go to
work and learn to be a lady," and that
he was a fool for ever marrying her.
"You are a bad woman at heart, and I
sometimes fear you will poison me. I
did not force you to go away, but now
that you are gone, how pleasant it is.
Go to work and don't live on people. I
never want to see your face again. If
you want to be a sport, all right. I am
turned against you. '
Judge Greene ordered the money
divided between the parties and granted
a decree as asked for.
Captain Williams, the defendant, is
president of the Colored Cycling Club, and
was the leading spirit In the effort to
have the club recognized by the L. A. W.
He is decidedly popular in colored so
ciety circles and is regarded as a clever
fellow.
Judge Ogden to-day denied a decree of
divorce In the suit or Lulu Davis against
William C. Davis, the evidence being
deemed insufficient to warrant a decree.
But an order was entered commanding
defendant to pay plaintiff SUS on the first
of every month for the support of herself
and two minor children, besides $25 coun-
sel fees.
Judge Greene this morning granted Net
tie Kelly a divorce from Theodore Kelly
on the ground of willful desertion.
STREITBERGEH. WILL CONTEST.
Contestants Schneider and Metzger
Knocked Out Temporarily on
a Demurrer.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— The contest of
Messrs. Schneider and Metzger in the
estate of the late Christopher Streitber
ger estate came up on a demurrer this
afternoon before Superior Judge Ells
worth, who just as much as told Attor
ney George E. de Golia, for contestants,
that they had no standing in court. The
attorneys for the executors, Messrs. Gar
ber and Brims, had demurred to the con
test and were sustained. The demurrer
to the petition of contestants asking for
the probate of the will made in April,
1894, however, was overruled, because
Attorneys de Golia and Smith had failed
to give notice of the petition. The con
testants were given further time to prop
erly am<-n<i their pleadings, and the mat
ter went over for two weeks. The es
tate is valued at about $200,000, of which
nearly $175,000 consists of cash.
SAD DEATH FROM A SHOCK.
News of the Prospective Son-in-Law'a
Demise Hastened Mrs. M.
McClure's Death.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— The death of Mrs.
j Margaret McClure, which occurred yes
| terday at 12H7 Twelfth avenue, East Oak
| land, was hastened by the .shock of luar
! ing of the sudden demise of James Btein
i son, a very dear friend, who was en
'■ gaged to marry her daughter,
l Stelnson was drowned at Port Costa last
1 Thursday. He was an exemplary young
i man and thrifty. To-day Public Adminis
trator \V. H. Knight petitioned for let
! ters on the estate, wnlch consists of
|336& 'Ji» en deposit in the Hibernian Hank,
i San Francisco; *1147 00 in toe Union Hank,
! Oakland, besides realty valued at 52200.
Stelnson's remains arrlvea at the house
just an h"ur after Mrs. McClure's death
: and the funeral took place yesterday,
while the fumral services "f his erst
whlle prospective mother-in-tert# will bo
held to'-morrr>w afternoon.
Allen in Hard Luck.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— " W. H. Allen, who
is nuw in the City Prison, has been de
prived of the hotel which he held under
a false lease. Judgment was Riven to-day
by Judge Hall in favor of Ilthol Pomeroy,
to recover immediate possession of the-
Winters Hotel, and the lease was tared
forfeited. Allen Is charged with obtain
ing money under false pretenses from
John Ludemann. .>/-.'■'.•/■>
«-.«p ■
The Harbourne Defalcation.
AXaAMSDA, Oct. 37.— The ca?c of *er~
eral Sari Francisco book firms against
the Library Trustees of this City, grow
ing out. ox the Harbourne defalcation,
came up before Judge Greene to-day in
the Superior Court. The point to be de
cided to-day w;is defendant's demurrer
to the amended complaint, which was
overruled. Judge Greene curtly asked At
t..rin-y-Libr:iri!in Weller, who apbeared
fur the trustees, whether Alameaa did
not intend to pay her just debts. He was
promptly informed that the books of the
City Bhowed that the claims in litigation
had been paid. It la considered probable
that the outcome of the tangle will be a
suit against the city with the treasurer
as co-defendant.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 17.— There will be a
Socialist-Labor party mass-meeting
at Armory Hall to-morrow evening,
which will be addressed by Job Harriman
and others.
Th<- application of Mary A alentine for
letters of administration on the estate
of her deceased husband, W. T. Valen
tine, has been postponed for a week.
HAD TO CHOP
DOWN A DOOR
TO ARREST HIM
Heinous Crime of a
Bootblack.
ASSAULTED A LITTLE GIRL
CAUGHT BY A CITIZEN AFTER
A LIVELY CHASE.
The Father of the Child Wanted to
Shoot the Brute but Was
Dissuaded by His
Friends.
Louis Vanochi, a bootblack, was arrest
ed last night by Officer Pyle and charged
with a heinous offense. His victim is
Ethrl McCarthy, aged 6 years, who lives
at 821 Larkln street.
Shortly after 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon Mrs. McCarthy sent her caughter
on an errand. When passing Vanochi's
stand at Ellis and Larkin streets ho
seized her, so It is claimed, and dragged
her Into a vacant store close by. Becom
ing alarmed over her absence Mrs. Mc-
Carthy started a search for her child,
but failing to find her, she notified Offi
cer Pyle.
While the latter was hunting for the
girl her father, who also had been ap
prised of her disappearance, suspecting
the bootblack, went to the stand. He
was not there, but a boy volunteered the
information that he was in the vacant
store. McCarthy quickly entered the
store and heard his little daughter crying
in a rear room.
The door of the room was securely
locked and McCarthy ordered Vanochi
to open it. IK- at first refused, but as the
indignant father threatened to shoot him
he pulled back the bolt which held the
door and then jumped through an open
transom into tlv yard adjoining. On
the floor lay the unfortunate child, ncr
little face bathed in tears. After giving
her in charge of a citizen who entered the
store at the time, the Indignant father
started after her assailant.
Finding that he was being pursued the
W. C. T. U. IS
WELCOMED
TO BERKELEY
Greeted by Leaders of
the Town.
CONFERENCE WORK BEGINS
DELEGATES HOLD A PUBLIC
MEETING.
Opening of the Nineteenth. Annual
Convention of the California
Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union.
BERKELEY, Oct. 17.— The nineteenth
annual convention of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union of California
was opened to-night in tne First Pres
byterian Church on Allston way. The
occasion was a public welcome in behalf
of the university town to the 150 and
more delegates who have come from dif
ferent parts of the State to listen to the
annual reports and to talk over the pros
pects for another year's work in the
movement of temperance reform. ;: ; vV r r ; :
The church had been decorated appro
priately by the ladies of the local union.
Banners from the different societies were
hung about the building, showing the del
egates to have come from all sections of
the State, where the white ribbon car
ries its silent crusade. On the platform
sat Mrs. B. Sturtevant-Peet, the president
of the conference; Airs. George W.
Haight, Professor Elmer E. Brown, Rev.
George B. Hatch, William H. Waste, Mrs.
Loulso M. Thomson, Mrs. H. Pierce and
Mrs. E. G. Greene.
After preliminaries of song and prayer
the chairman of the meeting introduced
W. H. Waste, who spoke in behalf of the
city. He welcomed the delegates on be
half of the Board of Trustees. His ad
dress was a glowing tribute to woman's
work in the cause of reform. He took
occasion to say that the charter amend
ment voted upon at the polls in Berkeley
last Saturday was defeated at the in
stance of the saloon keepers.
The Rev. George B. Hatch spoke on be
half of the churches. "There are causes,"
he said, "which make the Individual de
struction of the saloon an impossibility.
One of these is civic opinion, another tho
civic conscience. It is not true that the
majority of our population is against the
saloon. The vast majority favor it, or are
indifferent. The fact is that the popular
conscience takes no heed of it. There is
only one preordained thing to do to change
this condition, and that is the reform of
public opinion and public conscience. The
saloon will stay Just while civic opinion
and civic conscience permit it. If ! the
civic conscience held the saloon as it
held slavery, that evil could not be kept
here even at the cannon's mouth. It is
the great work of reforming the Dublic
conscience that the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union is trying to accom
plish."
In "behalf of the University of Califor
nia Professor Elmer E. Brown welcomed
the delegates to the State University. He
was followed by Mrs. George W. Haight
of the local union.
In response. Mrs. E. G. Greene, the first
vice president of the California Unlon.sev
enteen years ago, spoke on behalf of the
State. She thanked the city and its rep
resentatives for the cordial welcome they
had accorded the temperance workers.
She spoke of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union as the right hand of
the church, covering over forty depart
ments of work in which the church itself
is engaged. „,,,.•
To-morrow morning at 9 o clock the reg
ular session of the conference will begin.
The. following programme has been ar
ranged: /. "/"jV
Morning — Devotional exercises, Mrs. N.
J.I. Arnold. State hymn. Appointment of
Committees. Officers' reports: Recording
secretary. Mrs. R. A. Emmons; cor
responding secretary. Mrs. D. J. Spence; au
ditor. Mrs. Blanche English; treasurer. Mrs.
Emily Hopkins. Department reports: Foreign
and sailors' work. Miss 8. M N. Cummtngs;
gvancellstlc, Mrs. Annie K. Bldwell; Sunday
school, Mrs. Louise M. Thomson: legislation
and petitions. Mrs. Annie Littte-Barry; De
mcrest medal contests. Miss Helen McLean;
press, Mrs. Clare O. Southard; Juvenile, Mrs.
Nellie B. Eypter; W. C. T. U. chorus: fran
chise, Miss Sarah M. Severance: Oriental work.
bootblack crawled into the basement. On
being discovered he emerged from his
hiding place and sought refuge in an un-
US< d kitchen over the drug store at Ellis
and Larkin streets. Barricading the door
he delit-d his pursuers to dislodge him.
At this juncture two young men armed
with axes appeared on the scene and pro
ceeded to chop down the door. After cut
tine through the panel one of the men
climbed into the kitchen to secure the
bootblack. The door was then opened
and Vanoehl, trembling with fear, was
dragged out ami turned over to the po
liceman. He was then taken to the City
Prison and formally charged. The father
of the girl wanted to shoot the brute, but
was dissuaded by his friends.
INDICTMENT DETERMINED ON.
The Grand Jury Did Not Have a
Quorum.
The Grand Jury failed to secure a quo
rum last night for the transaction of
business. Only nine members responded
to the call for the meeting, four of the
others being out of town, one ill and the
others engrossed In politics. It Is under
stood that the jury has determined on
one Indictment in connection with the
School Board lumber shortage. and that
Contractor Swift will play an Important
part in it. The Grand Jury has still in
hand questions relating to the School
Board, and as already intimated in The
Call, will look into the recent appoint
ment of extra teachers. Several witness* I
were subpenaed for this purpose last
evening and will be on hand again when
the jury meets next Thursday.
The Committee on Supervisors is busily
at work looking into certain transactions
of that board and will have a report to
present within a few days.
Sutro Account Settled.
Judge Coftey has made an order set
tling the account of Mrs. Dr. Emma Mer
rltt as guardian of the estate and per
son of the late Adolph Sutro during the
months of his incompetency. The court
found that Mrs. Merritt hnd in no way
violated the trust imposed upon her and
allowed her for her service as guardian
the sum of $5045. The fees of E. W. Bfc-
Kinstry and Lloyd & Wood, attorneys for
the guardian, were fixed at $3000. There
still remains in tho hands of Mrs. .\| - ir
ritt as guardian the sum of £12,752 47,
which the court ordered placed in the
hands of Mrs. Merritt and W. H. R.
Adamson, as administrators of the estate
of the deceased.
Suit Over Valuable Ore Veins.
Judge Q. W. Nlcol of Tuolumne County
sat yesterday in Judge Hebbard's de
partment of the Superior Court
to' hear the arguments In the suits
of the Argonaut against the Kennedy
Mining Company. In this case the Ken
nedy Mining Company seeks to defend Its
claim to certain property of the Sylva
mine, to which the Argonaut Company
would be entitled if permitted to follow
its veins outside the territory actually
owned by it. The value of the property
In dispute is $100,000. Ex- Judge Curtis
H. Llndley and John M. Wright argued
on behalf of the Kennedy Company yes
terday. The caae goea on to-<lay.
Mrs. Laura P. Williams; mothers' meetings.
Mrs. Ida Jamison; drawing-room work. Mrs.
F. M. Vaslit; narcotics, Mrs. Jennie P. Pur
vis. "How to Help the Work Individually,"
Mrs. Susannah Van Lennep; discussion. "How
to Help the Work Financially," Mrs. A. J.
Whseler: discussion. Bible reading, Mrs. Louise
M- Thomson.
Afternoon — Devotional exercises. Mrs. A. M.
GateF, music. First class in civil rlKhts, "What
the Hour Requires in the Work lor Franrhiso,"
teacher, Miss S. M. Severance. President's an
dress. Clergymen's hour, "Which the More
Responsible, the Church or State, for the Stntus
of Temptrance To-day?" Rev. W. W. Scu.l
der. "Why Temperance Should Be Incorpo
rated in Church Department Work." Rev. J im
A. B. Wilson, D.D. "If the Church Is Strong
Enough, Why Does It Xot Banish the Saloon?"
Rev. Robert Coyle, D.D. "Can Active Church
Work Impair Church ProgTeps?" Rev. E. R.
Dlllf. D.D.
Evening — Devotional exercises, Mrs. E. G.
Greene; white ribbon "Star-spangled Banner,"
.Mrs. Renowden Bailey: retrospection. Miss S.
M. Se\crance: personal incidents, Mrs. R. A.
Err.mons; "Realty," Mrs. M. C. Lord; poem,
"The Home That Gill Built." Mrs. Nellie
Blessing Eyster.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Oct. 17.-President Martin
J. Kellogg of th.c University of California
has received a communication from the
Italian government asking for a delegate
from the Berkeley faculty to the Twelfth
International Congress of Orientalists, to
be held in Rome. October 2, lSi»9. The
president has appointed Professors J.
Fryer, M. Margolis and H. Nultlng to con
sider the advisability of complying with
the request.
Charles Lees, a boy fourteen years of
age, had his leg broken while Jumping
from the Berkeley local train near Asii
by avenue Etation. Dr. Woodsum Allen,
who was summoned to the case, found a
severe fracture just above the right an
kle.
The West Berkeley branch of the Red
Cross Society forwarded a large box of
books, bandages and other necessaries to
San Francisco to-day. The box will be
put on board one of the transports, soon
to sail to Manila, and used for the sol
diers already at the front.
Wicker's Condition.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 17.— Fred W. Wicker,
•who shot himself accidentally yesterday
while cleaning a revolver, passed a meas
urably comfortable day to-clay" and seems
to-night to he holding his own. It is too
early, the doctors in attendance say, to
predict his possible recovery, as a very
slight turn may prove fatal at almost
any time.
An American ■woman In Honolulu
writes: "I nover realized the advantage
of a good complexion until I came here.
The complexion Is much more important
here than at home. There Is so much
more of it worn, you know."
Our Treatment of Spanish Captives.
Never before !n history wa« there a case
where a defeated and captive enemy received
Euch generous treatment as are gave the Span
iards. Other nations are astonlphf-d. Equally
astonishing are the cures brought about by Hos
tetter'fi Stomach Bitters. Never before in his
tory has there been so successful a medicine
for the weak, debllitatod and nervous, for
stomach and liver disorders like dyspepsia, in
digestion, biliousness and constipation. All na
tions have benefited by It, and all praise it.
y^|v Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ffVri<"vlffi 625 KEAKSY ST. Established
tßcr'^^W^ in I SS- * for the treatment of Private
Eyt i,y^- J Diseases, Loat Manhood. Debility or
IMMBhJMi disease wvarlngon bod yitntl mind and
O®*SsHv^t^l Hkin Diseases, i'be doctor cures
iS^S&s'i^fji others fall. Try him. Charges low.
f^SmtSSSEit^ff Curfiiguarßiiti'fil. or-.vnte.
j>r. J. 11.I 1 . uIBRON, Box 1937. Saa Francisco.
UnngiyfA FOB eitiiek sex.
OIIUrB O This remedy being in-
\ j«»j»tj>rf directly to tho
■ /&£jS Bca * of those diseases
rt , it la of the Genito-Vrinary
S' ana Organs, requires no
Q H«■ of the €Jenito- Urinary
Jhj mOrgans, requires no
ftS^ Oi change of diet. Cnrc
J5- V2k enarauteed in 1 to 3
==Z=: days. Ninall plain pack-
d^» TfT TSJ TE* a « e - b >' "nail, 81. 00.
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., Sole Agents,
214 Kearny St., San Francisco,. Cal. .
PAINLESS dentistry"
.if,. Full Set of Teeth
NIVW I ff^{(v extracting free fsooup
c^JftHJs^^"^ Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
<3«— ■ngf-^glgCr V Fillings - - - 25Cts.up
Open Keening:': & Suuda?«
B^3s^Ev^Ts VAI VROOM
A$VV^ Electro Dentui Parlors
v *M[ lp N^ 'Sixth and Market
~ Dr. G W. Klelser, Prop.
' PR3TODR. HALL'S REINYIGOEATOfi
' LxnHß Five hundred reward Tor any case
JjyStfS Bf we cannot cure. This secret remedy
j ■ Etops all losses in 24 hours, cures
g£j| F^fJ EmisKions, Impotency, Varicocele,
TT? Frnl Oonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
Wh. IUJII Lo.-t Manhood and all wasting ef.
i *&■■ r'-i*i*J f ccts of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
EsSsSSSG sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
ETITUTE, 555 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073H Market St., S. F. All pri-
! vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
~4S@Bfe RUPTURE.
Wt iJrfjk USE NO MORE IRON
I KgJMWi^i^ Hocps or Steel Springs.
■ ff *sgag?*€r*' Rupture retained with easa
■ >tRTs and comfort, and thousands radl-
■ fffi* cally CURED by DR. PIERCE'a
yi S£l Mnpnetic Elastic Truss. C7"Call at
Xk^?*' office or write for New Pamphlet No. L
MAQNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco
BAILEOAD TBAVEIi.
Santa Fe Route
■ C- THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every D»y Pullman Palace Sleepinft Car»
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Caps
Run on the Following T!mo:
Leave San Francisco. 6:oo p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrlv* Denver... 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City. .7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Loul» 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago .»:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Sorvo Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COM FORT \ BLR \
It' You Travel on the Santa Pe.
SAH FRANCISCO lICKEtIfTiCE— m MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1130.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Olara St
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauaollto Ferry.
FROM SAN FKANCibCO TO MILL VALI.KI
: AND SAN KAFAEL. . . . -
WEEK DAYS— •7:2f, '3:30, 11:00 a. m.; n:45,
8:45, 5:15, »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO, *10:00, *ll:30 a. m. »1:H,
S:00, •4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked * run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFARL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *6:35, 7:43, *9:30 a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20. *3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA - TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20, »S:00. «10:00. *11:55 a. m. ;
•1:15. *3:10, 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked * start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS— .6:45. 7:55. 3:40 a. m. ;
12:35, 2:45. 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS .on Mondays. Wednesdays
i and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. • •
i SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05, 1:20. 3:20,
' .' ' P ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7 20 a. m.week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills and way sta's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. l->. ISPS, tralna will run ag follows:
South-bound. [• North-bouad.
Paseen- Mixed. Mixed. IPaasen-
K«r. Sunday Sunday) ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Btattons. Exc'ptd Dally.
9:20 am 9:25 am Stockton 3:45 pm 7:00 pm
11:10 am 12:50pm Merced 12:E0pm 's:l3pm
12:40pm! 4:l.'pm Fresno 9:30 am 3:45pm
l:3Spm 6:45 pm Hanford - 7:45 am 2:4opm
4:25 pm 11:39pm Eakersfleld 2:30 am 12:10pm
■ I:sBpm 7:sopmt Vlsalla | 6:40 am | 2:£opm
- Stopping: at intermediate points as reaulred. -
Connections At Stockton wltn steamboats, of
California Navipallon .mi! imiirovemt^nt ■- Com-
pany, leaving Ban Francisco at 6 p.' m. daily,
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 7:15 p. in.
daily. ■ •-,- . -•/„.
For stage connections see official time tabls
or inquire at .Traffic Alarager s Office, 3SI Mar-
| ket street; San Francisco. j; ■ ■■■::;-, . ' - 1 \
AUCTION SALES.
ELEGANT UPRIGHT PIANO!
Magnificent Par»lon, Chamber
and Dining-Room Furniture,
Rare Collection of China, Cut Glassware and
Artistic Goods, Kitchen Requisites, Etc.
THIS DAY (TUESDAY) ....at 11 a. m.
354 GEARY STREET. NEAR MASON. ■ .
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Marfcet.'
£5 KILLIP & CO., .£a
Live Stock and General Auctioneers, 11 Mont-
gomery street, San Franc-iaco.
THURSDAY, October 20, 1898,
AT 11 A. M.,
J\T S/\LESY/\RD,
Cor. Van Ness Aye. and Market Street,
IMPORTANT SALE OF
ffIGH - BEED ROADSTERS,
Property of
THOMAS BROWN, ESQ.,
Comprising forty head of Mares and Geldings,
mostly standard breU, being the get of the noted
stallions:
DEXTER PRINCE, CUPID. DEXTERWOOD.
BAY ROSE, Etc., \ ■ '.
Out of the choicest bred Trotting Mares.
Among them are matched teams, very hand-
some and speedy. These horses are well sea-
soned, broken and ready to work. Horse-, at
yard, Sunday, October 16. ■'. _-.. ....-,.
Catalogues now ready.
KILLIP & CO.,
11 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
BAILEOAD TRAVEL.
•OrTIIKRX PACIFIC COSfPAKT.
(PAOiriO NVNTE3I.)
Trnln< lenre nail nre dim to »rrl*e «.• _
NAN I X >Ult<>.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
&BAYB — Fbojc Oct. 9, 1898. — ae»it«
' *O:OOa Niles. 8»n Jose »nd W»y Stations... *8»45a
7:00 a. Beuicla, Sulsun and Sacramento . . . lOi4oa
T:OOa MarTßTilie, Orovillo and Keddiog »i»
Woodland Bl4Bp
7:OOa Rlmlra, VacaTillo and Ramsey S:43r
7:3Ua Martiuez, San Karnon, Vallejo. Xapa,
Calistoga and Santa Eosa Oilop
B.oo* Atlantic Express, Ogden and Kast.. Si-Kip
k:.lttA Sail .lose, htochtnn. Volley Sprlns,
love, Sacrauieuto, Maryavllle.
Chico, Tehama and Ke<l lllutl *l>lSp
S: 30 a Stock ton, Oakd&le and Jamestown. . 7ilsp>
•S.BOA. MUton »7il»P
9:0Oa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop. Merced
and Fresno. l«tlSp
BiOOa Fresno, BakeraQeld, Santa K«rhara.
■.-•"*■.;■. Los Angeles, Demlng, El Paso,
New Orleans aud East 6i4S»
Fresno, Mendoti, Tracy and .Mar- v
tinez 6i-I3p
1O:OOa Vallejo. Martbiez and Way Stations 7»4.1i»
■I:OOp Sitcramento Kiver Steamers *O:OOp
■ l:OOpNiles. San Jose and Way Stations ... 11:45 a
Han Joee, Nile« ami Way Stations... JUiia.\
2:00p Niles, Tncy, Mttudota, Uanfurd aud
Vii»li» 4«1
LiTermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations JIO.IBA.
4:« Or Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga, Xl Veraiio and
Smitaßoßa »il»*
4:00p Benlda, VacaTflle, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysrllls, Oro-
Tllle and Sacramento 1»:43a
4:SOp Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7>45a
3ioop Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojare, Santa llarbara and J.os
Angeles Bi43a
O:OOp Santa Fe Itonte. Atlantlo KiprcM
forMoJsro and Kaat 6i45p
a:3op Nlleß, San Jo»e, Tr»oy, I,atbrop,
Merced and Fresuo. ..♦ ■•••••■•
5:30p Stockton 1*:1»P
SiOOr Ruroneau Mail, Oeden and Kast.... O«4i»A
•6:OOi- Vallejo.... 12: 1»P
t?:OOp Vallejo. Port Coeto and Waj Bta-
tions t»««»
SiOOpOregou ICxpreas, Sacraiiiento, Marys-
vilie, ItaMltiK, I'ortlaud. I'nget
Bound mh! Kast '..■■• Bil!>A
gS LkAMMCO XSU lIAIWAUOS LOCAL.
(root of Market Street.) ■
\ Mcl rose, setntnarT I'ark, f JZ~
B,ooa Fltclilmrir. Klmnumt, t .S:"t
iU.-OOA San l.ean<tni, South Sum 10-45!
io.ooa Lcandro. Kvtadllla, I2:isp
I:OOa • Lorenso, Cherry ■ tl:43p
*»2=oo* and x*,hl
5:0.J5 :O .JJ P Haywards. i5:45p
7«OOp i Rnnl through to Nile*. 7j43p
j I From Niles. I " "
! COAST lUVIMOS (Nnrroir (Janiie;. *"
; ■ ■■ ' - ■ (Foot of Market Street. l '
Bil3ANe7rark,CenterTilie,SanJo»e,Felton,
Boulder Greek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3.3QP
: *SilBp Ktwark, Oatrrville, San Jose, New
Almadeu, Felton, Bouldar Creek,
Santa Cmz and Principal Waj
SUUODB - ». MOiSOa
4.*18p Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos... 9:20 a
fll.-43p Hiuiters' Excursion, San Jose and
- Way Stations 2Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIN mNCIECO— foot ef Market Strett Sh? 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. {1:30 *2:03 t3:09
•4:00 $3:00 »6:00 p.m.
rromOllUHD— rooterßrwdwaT.— >6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
U2-.00 *l:00 J3:00 *3:33 tl:00 *S:OOr.M.
t'OASI 1 I>1VISI(»N (Broad Uaage). '■
(Third and Townseud Sta.)
'T:«Oa San .lone m.d Way .Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) I.SOp
O:OOa Han Jose. 'Ires I'inos, Banta Cruz,
Pacilic (irofe, l'aso Kobles, San
Luis Ol>ijr>o, Guadalupe, Surf auil
l'riiicliml Way Stations 4:lOt
10-.IO* SanJortoHiid Way Stations «S:O<U
11:3Oa San J<>se and Way Stations 8:334
*2t49fSan Mati-o, Redwood, Mcnlo Park, : , .'
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San .lose,
Gilroy. Hollister. Santa Crux,
! Salinas, Monterey and Pacitio
Grove *IO:3«»
•81 p San Jose and Way Stations »9ioo*
•4jl San Jose Principal Way Btations Q:43\
*3:OOp San Jose and l'rlncipal Way Stations 6:33 a
3:30r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 3:3«*
6:BOp San J»&- ami Way Stations 7:3O»
i t11:45r San Jose and Way Stations 7:30>
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. -
• Sundays excepted. % Sundays only. . rtat'ir 1-tv- only
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
'--%'- 3LjH3SSBHI
SAH FBARCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY,
ttburvo Vtt*. Foot «f Alork.t S%
SAN* FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. .
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDATS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, J:SO.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12;46.
3:40. 6:lfl p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:53 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, »:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. .
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16, — ■
Week Sun- 1898. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
-30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:3opm 9:Soam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10 am
s:lopm s:oopm Santa Kosa. 7:Sspm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7-3Oam Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdaburjr,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:22 pm
Hopland and
7:3oam 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35pm B:22pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm - . 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma ' 10:40 am B:4oam
and
s:lopm 6:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:3opm s:oopm 7:35pm! 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark Weßt
Springs: at Lytt for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skagfrs Springs; at Cloverdale fop
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Spring*.
Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley*s, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Booneville, Orr's
Hot Springs.' Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,"
Westport. Usol. Willltts. Laytonville, Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springrs, . Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer,
Scctla and Eureka.
Baturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
. General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWJtI.
(Via Sausalito Kerry.) . . ■ -' < .
Leave San Franciaco. commencing Sunday.
Sept. 11, IS9S: .'■■ ; '
Week Days — 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & SON, Atentß, 621 U&rkst
Btreet ■ San Francisco. - .-••■• .... • .
1112
RACE WINNERS ON
EASTERN TRUCKS
Mudlarks in Front at
Harlem.
PLANTAIN BEATS THE DEVIL
ABUSE FINISHES IN FRONT 01
FAST ONES.
Aunt Maggie, Raffaello, Lena Myers,
Miss Verne, Mayme M M and
Gibraltar First at
Latonia.
Special I>ispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.— Harlem results;
track muddy: First race, five furlongs—
Falomacita won, Canace second, Andes
third. Time, 1:08^.
Second race, five furlongs— Frank Bell
■won. Genna second, Miss Marks third.
Time, 1:08.
Third race, one mile— Plaintain won.
The IVvil second, Don Quixote third.
Time. 1:50.
Fourth race, fix furlongs — Abuse won,
Timemakor second, Donna Rita third.
Time, 1:22.
Fifth race, ono mile and an eighth— Gold
Ban won. Double Dummy second, Wins
« low third. Time, 2:06%.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Silver Set won,
Y\" C T second, Newsgatherer third. Time,
CINCINNATI, Oct. 17.— Summaries at
Latonia: First race, one mile selling-
Aunt Magpie won. R. B. Sack second,
Seaport third. Time. 1:42 V
Second race, five and one half furlongs
— Raffaello won. Dr Blaise second, Yol
■adles third. Time, 1:10.
Third race, one mile— l^ona Myers won,
Possum second, Friar John third. Time,
VMM.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Miss Verne
won, Osmon second. Barton third. Time,
1:17.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Gibraltar won.
M. M. won, Duplicate second, Norma
third. Time. 1:04.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Gibraltar won.
Dave S second. The Star of Bethlehem
third. Time, 1:17 V
Lexington Harness Races.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Oct. 17.— Rain stopped the
meeting this afternoon, only two races being
flnlFhed. Re.mlts:
First race. The West, for 2:19 class trotting,
pur^e JCOOO— Tlmorah won first, second and
fourth h"<its. Russo Greek won third heat.
Best time. 2:11 V Alice. Dorman, Maggie Lass
and Baromettr also started.
Second race, The Kentucky, purse J2ooo—
Lewis Wilkes won second and fourth heats.
Currurn won third heat. Nodaway (distanced)
V.-. n first heat. Best time, 2:l2Vi. Charlie Herr
also started.
WHITNEY BUYS HIGH
PRICED HORSEFLESH
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— A large number
of horsemen were attracted to the auc
-;i!e* to-day at Morris Park of the
• stud, Singerly stud and other
great race horse and sire Meddler
was knocked down to Sydney Paget act
ing for William C. Whitney, for $49,000.
The five-year-old bay mare Anna Lyle
was Bold to \Y. L. Powers for $15.000.
CHINESE IN THE WARS.
Two Celestials Complain of Hard
Usag-e at the Hands of Caucasians.
Gow Sin and Qoong Lee Lung, two be
reaved and muchly battered importations
from the land of rice fields and peacock
feathers, appeared before Captain Spil
lane of the Southern Station last evening
and toW a sad story of violent usage at
the hands of two white men earlier in tne
day. Their complaint resulted in the ar
rest of Joseph Wilson and George Bu
chanan, who were charged with battery.
The latter had an additional charge placed
againsa him for carrying a concealed
n, an ugly revolver being found on
his person.
The battle between China and America
was brought about through a misunder
standing of the law of partnership. Fong
Lee and another member of the yellow
persuasion a year ago opened a Junk shop
,'ii 1005 Sixth street. Business prospered,
and the silent partner deciHed to visit the
land of his birth. Not having too high a
regard for Fong Lee's honesty, he em
ployed Gow Sin and Quong Lee Lung to
count bottles and cans and keep a gen
eral lookout for his interests. Fong Lee
was not consulted in the matter, and very
properly became insulted. His Celestial
brain began to concoct plans for his part
ner's representative's removal.
No amount of scheming or bad treat
ment would disconcert Lung and Sin and
at last Fong Lee resorted to harsher
measures. He hired Wilson and Buch
anan, two burly men. to do what he had
failed in and they took the job with alac
rity. The very first day they had a mis
understanding with the Chinamen, which
resulted in a broken nose for Sin and a
nasty scalp wound for Lung and nume
rous bodily aches and pains.
Captain Spillane was appealed to to
mete out Justice, and he promptly de
tailed Detectives Ryan and ODea on the
case, with the result that the two bel
ligerent white men occupy cells and con
dole each other.
What will be done to Fong Lee by his
yellow brothers has not yet been learned,
but It is feared the Sin and Lung clan
will wreak terrible vengeance.
HE WANTS TO STARVE.
John Galvin in the Receiving Hos
pital Refuses Food.
John Galvin of 553 Natoma street is
locked up in a padded cell in the Receiv
ing Hospital pending an examination as
to his sanity.
Last Sunday Galvin visited St. Rose
Church on Urannan street, and taking up
a position near the chancel rail proceeded
to pray. He had his hat on, and when re
quested to remove it, he refused. Sus
pecting that the man was mentally de
ranged, one of the priests sent for Offi
cer Cooney, who took Gaivln into cus
tody. Since being confined Galvin has re
fused to partake of food. He imagines
that an attempt is being made to poison
him, and rather than allow his enemies
to "do him up," as he expresses it, he is
determined he starve himself. Last night
Superintendent Fisthaler attempted to
force him to take some nourishment, but
failed. He will be sent to Napa to-day.
Travelers From the Orient.
Among the passengers arriving here yes
terday by the Doric, are: Baron Bufhow
den and Dr. A. Runge, both of St. Peters
burg; A. Kassianoff of Moscow; F. Lloyd
Jones of Hongkong, and Robert E. Gill
of Kobe. Japan. The steamer's passenger
list also Included the following missionary
workers: Dr. and Mrs. Peoples of Slam,
Dr. and Mrs. Meacham of Yokohama.
Miss Scott, for the past thirty-four years
Episcopal missionary on the southeastern
coast of Africa; Miss Heaton, a Methodist
missionary from Nagaya. Japan, and Rev.
and Mrs. R. B. Grinnan of Yokohama.
The Dr. Meacham referred to has had
charge of the Union church in Yokohama
for the past ten years. Another educator
who arrived was H. B. Hulbert, In charge
of the Royal Normal School at Seoul.
Korea. All of the above are registered at
the Occidental.
Sacred Heart Fair.
The usual large crowd was in attend
ance at the Sacred Heart Fair last even
ing and a very successful week is ex
pected. Many additional features were
added during the evening and an enter
taining programme was rendered. The
dinner which is served between 11 ana 2
is a great success and compares favor
ably with that furnished In a regular
cafe. The voting contests are becoming
more exciting each night, although the
candidates hpld practically the same rela
tive positions. There is a great treat in
store for the visitors to-night and an ex
cellent programme of amusements nas
also been arranged. A grand uall }"
honor of the lady workers will be held
early next week after the closing of the
fair.
SPANISH PRIESTS HERE.
They Are on Their "Way From Ma
nila to Venezuela.
Among the arrivals from Manila yester
day and now registered at the Palace, are
the following Spanish priests: Indalecio
Ocio. Patricio Adell, Gerardo Larrondo,
M. Landa, Medardo Moleres, C. Perez,,
Termin Catalan and Angel Cemborain. .
An interview with the reverend gentle
men, in their native tongue, proved that
there was no foundation whatever to the
rumor that they had left Manila to escape
the wrath of the insurgent chieftain.
Agulnaldo. Fear of the latter, they ex
plicitly stated, had nothing whatever to
do with their departure from the Philip
pines—they were simply on their way to
Venezuela in the interests of their church. I
Arrested on Suspicion.
John Buhler, a laundryman, living at
619 Jackson street, was arrested yester
day afternoon by Officer Peters and lock
ed up in the City Prison. He is suspect
ed of having struck B. B. Lagazetti the
blow which fractured his skull Sunday
night.
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cured. Dr.
Gordin, Sanitarium, 314 Pine, nr. Kearny, S.F. Cal.
HIS FLAG STILL FLIES.
One of the Detroit fathers, who had in '
his son some of the same confidence that ;
theelder Leiter had in Joe, advanced the ;
young man a considerable sum of money |
and told him to see what he could make
from it. While he did not have as mete
oric a career as the Chicagoan, the de- i
nouement was not unlike.
"I went to that town in the Southwest," |
the son admits, "and cut quite a swath. '
Things came my way till I began to won
der how the old hands at the business
ever happened to make a mistake or to
lose their pile. You should have seen the ,
sign I put in my window after I Celt
solid ground under my feet and had be- '■
gun to figure how many millions I would
salt down before- retiring to enjoy my
wealth. It was a 'beaut.' every letter
in gold with artistic decoration. In the
arc of a circle on the huge French plate
window was my name, and across the
base the word 'Broker. ' Everybody ad- i
mired it and it drew like a By blister.
"At length I saw one of th«>sv dead-sure !
things that all speculators see on occa
sions. I had a straight tip on the winning
stocks and plunged for every dollar I
could rake— and not a dollar came bark.
It was a clean sweep and I had to tele
graph for money to get home.
"But you can bet that I didn't pull
down the flag. The gorgeous sign is still
there — a little disfigured, but there.
I pimply scratched off the final letter 'r,'
locked up. left tnrnugh the back door,
and took the first train. Ever since that i
beautiful sign has b^en serving due no- '
tire on all comers that the 'Broker' is
'Broke.'— Detroit Free Press.
EDUCATE THE CUBANS.
If this country wants to blops Cuba, let
it provide free schools in every part of
the island where children live, and also
require that all these children be taught
the English language. That is the only
language on earth in which the principles
of freedom and the practice and philoso
phy of good government can be properly
studied r>y the rising generation. These
great principles are not taught in Span
ish.
It would also be an indescribable bless
ing to the Cubans If it were provided that
after some date in the near future all the
proceedings of the Cuban Legislature
should be conducted in the English lan- i
guage. as well as the proceedings of ci:v ,
and county governments. Also that all
public records be made in duplicate in
English and Spanish: after a while in
English only. One of the greatest bless- i
ings that could possibly be conferred on
the Cubans would be a constitutional pro
vision that twenty years hence only j
those could vote who read English. That j
would be a strong Incentive to youthful i
ambition, and by that time all or nearly j
all of the population would be able to read |
and speak English.
In the meantime let there be no haste !
to haul down the Stars and Stripes In
Cuba, again made sacrr-d by the blood of
our heroes. Cuba should not be consigned
to the doom of numerous South American ;
and Central American countries, in which j
they ha\ - e a republic in name, but a tyr
anny 1 in fact. Let the Cubans rule, but j
they should be made to rule according to !
American notions of civil liberty and good |
government.— Rockvllle Centre Observer, j
■ ♦ ■
SERVANTS IN SANTIAGO.
/
Our servants match the kitchen'to a T.
They are elderly negresses, with families [
of their own, and, like mother birds, they |
nightly c«nvey to the home nest every j
morsel of food not carefully locked up in j
the wardrobe. Their every-day costume i
is distinctive, if not appropriate. . It con- j
sists of a single voluminous white skirt,
very short In front and trailing far be
hind, with a low-necked bodice and short, j
guffed sleeves, leaving the "skinny arms j
are to the shoulders. The front of the
corsage is elaborately embroidered and
secured by a string at the top, tied so
loosely, If tied at all. that a strip of bare
bronze back stands confessed to the waist
line. The woolly heads, gray with the j
weight of years, are topped with gaudy j
turbans; the bare feet are thrust into j
slippers of white canvas, and when my '
lady walks abroad she covers her gaping j
back with a bedraggled white silk shawl. j
Both women consider themselves monu- |
ments of virtuous industry in consenting I
to lend a helping hand to las Americanas,
for could they not, like all their neighbors,
be well fed without work so long as Cu
ban relief supplies hold out? But they
are not injuring their constitutions by
hard labor. When not sitting in the front
window smoking cigarettes and gossiping
with friends outside, their aimless slip
shod feet go slapping about the marble
floors, like the stars, "unhasting yet un
resting." The slow, monotonous slap,
slap, slap of those heelless slippers so
wears upon the nerves that one Indulges
in strange flights of fancy as to what
might accelerate their movements.
Should the seven angels of the Apoca
lypse, carrying the seven golden vials
filled with wrath, heralded by trumpet
notes and wrapped about with awful
glory, come knocking some fine day at
our front door, slap, slap, would go those
same Blow feet to admit them.
SHOWED OFF TO DISADVANTAGE
A young organist living In Chicago was
fortunate in securing permission to prac
tice on the big organ in the Auditorium,
says the Record, of that city. One morn-
Ing he sat at the higher keyboard, trifling
with the music, improvising and playing
odds and ends. An elderly man walked in
and took a seat a few rows away from
the musician. The young organist noticed
him. and was encouraged to "show off"
and to do a few trloks of playing for his
audience. He rambled on for an hour,
and the elderly man sat there, apparently
impressed.
The young man tired at last, and was
about to lock the organ, when the elderly
man approached him, and said in broken
English that he wished to play for a few
minutes.
"They don't allow any one but an ex
perienced organist to touch the instru
ment," said the young man, loftily. With
a little gesture, suggestive of meekness
and humility, the stranger presented his
card:
\LEXANDRB GUILMANT,
PARIS.
Then It was time for the young organist
to swoon. He had missed the chance of
his life. For an hour he had been enter
taining the great master with' home-made
drivel.
A BOY'S CURIOSITY.
A little boy, while walking with his
mother past a store where typewriting
machines were sold, said to her:
"Whore do they put in the champagne?"
"What do you mean by such a queer
question?"
"I heard father tell a man that it cost
him $7 to fill his typewriter with cham
pagne." — Shoe and Leather Reporter.
"You don't mean to tell me that
Doemy's wife circulates more gossip than
he does? It seems impossiEle."
"Not at all. She can talk a third faster
than he can."— Detroit Free Press.
Lurlino Salt Water Baths.
Bu*h and Larkln Eta. Swlmmln*. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt water direct frum oc-«n.
THE SA.-N FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1898.
COMPLAIN ONLY
OF THE CLIMATE
Hospital Patients Visited
by Investigators.
SICK MEN ARE CONTENT
COMMISSIONERS FIND ALL SE
RENE IN JACKSONVILLE.
General Dodge Congratulates Sur
geons on Their Excellent Man
agement of the Hos
pitals.
I Special EHspatch to Th© Call.
ACKSONVILLE. Fla., Oct. 17.— The
Lr Investigating: Commission spent
afternoon inspecting the camps in
immediate vicinity of Jacksonville,
leavy rain was falling during a part
the day, but the commissioners per
formed their self-appointed task of go-
Ing through the camp from one end to
the other in a very painstaking man
ner.
The commission interviewed privates
and officers alike, and made personal
K:s to the quarters of the men and
r commanders. They lifted the
•rs o-f the commissary stoves, went
ugh the kitchens, went through the
ilrug stores, inspected the apparatus,
talked with physicians and nurses and
made special Inquiry into the method
jf conducting the hospitals. All three
of the division hospitals were visited
and inspected, the commissioners go-
Ing through the tents, and in some in
stances where conversation was al
lowable, talking with the patients.
They found the patients to be ap
parently well cared for, and so far as
could be discovered, they were as con-
Rd as sick men generally are. Many
em were reading books and maga
zines, but in a great number of cases
the men clasped closely in their arms
letters which had evidently been re
: Hum borne. The patients were
ail found occupying clean beds or
:ots, and in no instance was a hospital
tent or pavilion found to be without a
Boor. In most cases the hospital
Lents were effectually screened
igainst Hies and mosquitoes.
But one complaint was heard in the
entire round, and this was evidently
not made in a spirit of fault-nnding.
Colonel Junes of South Carolina found
fault with the climate, saying that
fully 20 per cent of his men were ill,
largely on this account. He also said
rations of refrigerator beef had
been received in bad condition, which
Kras due to- the weather. Summing up
the result of the inspection, General
Dodge, the chairman, said:
"We have compared notes after the
day's work and find that complaint was
made from but one regiment during the
day. This was the objection made to
the climate by Colonel Jones. We
saw both officers and men, sick and
well, and we gave all an opportunity to
be heard, asking them in the absence
of their officers, if they had any criti
cism to make.
"We shall to-morrow begin the in
quiry by swearing the men under oath
and we hope, if there are any short
comings, to thus uncover them. We
find the sick doing exceptionally well,
and we are pleased to congratulate
their physicians on the excellent ar
rangements made for their care."
This statement was made in the
presence of the members of the com
mission and was indorsed by them.
A HARROWING EXPERIENCE.
Forty-four years ago, when Admiral
Henry Erben, retired, was a young Lieu
tenant in the United States Navy, he had
an experience wmch for horror equals
any yarn ever spun by sailor. For sev
enty "days he and a prize crew suffered
as "few " men havo suffered. He was
aboard the bark Amelia, a lllibuster,
taken at Port au Prince, Hayti, and sent
to New York by the American Consul.
Rats were used as food for a consider
able time in that voyage, according to
the story of the veteran officer.
Admiral Erben says that the Amelia
was litted out in 1854 as a bark, loaded
v.ith rifles and munitions of war and sent
to the Florida banks to meet a hteamer.
She was a mere hulk and it was supposed
she would be sunk as soon as her cargo
Transferred. But the Government,
having notice of the expedition, detained
the steamer and the bark put into Port
au Prince, where she was abandoned.
She reached the port late in 1854, every
body but the cook leaving her. Erben
was on duty with the Saratoga, then in
port there.
In November the American Consul seiz
ed the Amelia and it was decided to send
her north with a prize crew. Lieuten
ants Reed, Werden, Maxwell and Erben,
and a crew of eleven men were put in
charge, rations taken aboard for thirty
days and the vessel put to sea. Admiral
says they had scarcely got out of i
port when the water-logged condition of
the prize was noticed. But the vessel
was held to her course, the men going to
the pumps on the first day oyt.
Hatteras Inlet was reached in Decem
ber. There the vessel encountered a ter
rilic gale and for days was a prey to the
waves. All the spars went over and
nobody aboard expected to survive the
journey. But the bark weathered the
gale and an effort was made to run In
shore and beach her. This failed, and
Mr. Were' en decided to run for the Ber
mudas. Unfavorable winds and the crip
plied condition of the boat made this a
failure and the course was set for St.
Thomas. Danish West Indies. Meanwhile
nearly all the provisions had been con
sumed and the survivors of the crew were
reduced to thi necessity of eating the
rats which infest all old vessels.
When they had been out forty or fifty
d< ya the rats began to fail. Mr. Erben
noticed that the animals seemed well fed,
BO he decided there was food in the hold.
He Investigated and found a couple of
barrels of rice and some molasses. Then
they overhauled v British vessel, received
some f.our and rum. and finally reached
Bt Thomas after soventy days on the
sea. They all suffered from scurvy be
; cause of the lack of suitable food, and
I many of the men lost their lives in the
gales they encountered.
Ninety days after they set sail the sur
vivors "reached New York. The Secre
tary of the Navy had been much worried
over them and ships were out scouting
the sea for some trace of them. When
they reached America they had the pecu
liar experience of reading their own
obitunric-s in the papers. The useless old
bark was sold for $105, for the vaiue of a
new mainyard she carried, was towed to
sea and sunk.
Admiral Erben Is now In charge of the
fleet having for Its work the defense of
the Atlantic coast. He is an old and
tried naval officer, with a record as good
as the best. He has sf en active service
in many seas, and is probably taking part
in his last war.— Chicago Chronicle!
HOW THE SCALLOP TRAVELS.
Many people are very fond of scallops,
as may be judged from the fact that
nearly 00,000 gallons of the meats were
used in New York and Brooklyn in 1897.
Of course these bivalves likewise are
hunted persistently, and the prospect is
that before very long comparatively few
of them will be left. It has been sug
gested that they might be propagated in
great salt ponds, which could be util
ized as preserves. Unquestionably they
could be bred by mixing the milk of the
male Bballops with the eggs of the fe
males, hatching them out and liberating
the: young ones. Several difficulties are
In the way, however, and the most im
portant of these ts the locomotive habit
of the scallop. It is by no means a sed
entary animal, like the oyster or long
clam, but, on the contrary, is addicted to
swimming about, more like a fish than
like a respectable mollusk. Not many
years ago a Frenchman bought several
thousand scallops and planted them in
beds. The next day he was very much
astonished to tind that they had all taken
French leave.
The scallop accomplishes locomotion by
a series of leaps. When it is alarmed,
or wishes to change its location, it opens
and energetically closes its valves, thus
expelling the water; the reaction shoots
it backward. By this means the creature
is able to travel iong distances. Some
times scallops make considerable Jour
neys in large companies. One can scarce
ly imagine a lovelier sight than that of a
flock of these pretty creatures, with
shells of every hue, from purple and
white to black, enlivened with shades of
pink, yellow and fawn, darting about in
clear water. In their flightlike move
ments, vertical, horizontal and zigzag,
they are more suggestive of a flock of
winged animals than of bivalve mollusks.
A superb species called Pecten Islandicus,
formerly abundant on the coast of Maine,
is now so nearly extinct that a specimen
is regarded as a prize by conchologists.
Long Island Sound, New York Harbor,
and the New Jersey coast have been
fairly depopulated of scallops by raking
and dredging.— Boston Transcript.
BICYCLISTS AND WILD ANIMALS
Are our British birds beginning, like
the British public, to appreciate the
bicycle? I am inclined to think they
are, writes Dr. Charles Plowrlght in
Natural Notes. Certainly one catches
many more glimpses of bird life when
on the wheel than the uninitiated
would expect. It seems as if both
birds and wild animals have not the
same fear of a cyclist that they have
of an ordinary walking human being.
The cyclist's approach is practically
noiseless, and his image upon their re
tinae purely momentary, besides which
he never carries a gun nor a catapult,
and is unaccompanied by a dog. It is
by no means impossible, therefore, that
these creatures should associate him
with their less dangerous enemies. It
is pretty generally accepted that rooks
j know when a man is carrying a gun,
I and it seems by no means impossible
that birds should associate the peculiar
mode of progression of the cyclist with
safety. Be this as it may, they let you
get much nearer them when you are
cycling than when you are walking.
The other evening we passed within a
yard or so of a pair of partridges, who
were squatting on the grass by the
roadside, without disturbing them.
True they had the "corner of their
eyes" upon us, but they never stirred.
Then, again, chaffinches, when they are
feeding on the road, fly up and alight
on the nearest branch without troub
ling to go any considerable distance, as
j they do when one is walking. One is
j apt, however, to get somewhat different
j idea as to the relative frequency of
! birds in a district from the saddle of a
j cycle t h.;ui one would from walking.
For instance, the other evening we had
a run of some fifteen miles in haste to
avoid a threatened storm, through
country lanes with high thorn hedges,
interspersed with a fair number of trees
and thickets. The evening was chilly,
but the nightingales were in full song,
and we seemed hardly to have got be
yond the range of the song of one be
fore we came into that of another. The
; natural impression one would axrive at
| was that the country was full of nlght
i ingales; possibly this impression may
not be so far wrong, for there seem to
j be more nightingales this year than
| there were swallows; but It must be
; remembered that people do not walk
fifteen miles in an evening as a rule,
certainly they do not cover the dis
tance in an hour and a half. The
cycle, too, is so noiseless that the bird
never hears you and his song Is not in
terrupted.
THE KOREAN KING'S SON.
A rather Interesting bit of gossip about
a foreign potentate In which a former
Franklin County (Ohio) boy. Dr. Newton
Allen, figures in an Asiatic, court. Is being:
told of the Crown Prince of the little
kingdom of Korea.
After a not wholly pleasant snjourn in,
America tho Crown Prince of Korea has
squared accounts with his landlady, paid
all of his outside bills, discharged his two
attendants, bid the Presbyterian Board of
Foreign Missions good-by and sailed for
Japan and home. The Prince came here
a year ago — Just why no one seems to
know. At first It appeared he came to oe
educated, but if that was the errand It
Beenu to have been poorly carried out.
Thorp were rumors that reasons of state
In Korea dictated his absence for a time.
At any rate, he was sent out by his
father, the King, the money for his sup
port passing through the hands of the
senior secretary of the Presbyterian
l">nrd. He first went to I\ew York and
then to Washington, where his stay waa
kept at secret as possible.
only once did ha come into notice, and
that was when he had a quarrel with his
landlady. He was hard up most of the
time, remittances not coming regularly
from home. At first he studied furiously,
mastering English fairly well in a short
time. Then, all of a sudden, he would
not study at all, but lived in complete idle
ness. Now, when he departs, he does so
hurriedly and without consulting any one.
He is the heir Oi the Korean throne and
the son of the Queen who was murdered,
as the public will remember. It was an
incident on the night of the murder that
brought the King into friendly relations
with the Presbyterian board, with Dr.
Newton Allen, formerly of Central Col
lege, as the hero.
There was an uprising of tho populace
in the capital, and the royal family was
in grave danger, and indeed the Queen
was murdered by the mob, when Dr. Al
len, who was In the city as the represen
tative of the Presbyterian Board of For
eign Missions, stepped in and, at the risk
of his life, succeeded in quelling the riot
and saving the King and hie family. Since
that fateful hour Newton Allen, the far
mer boy from Central College, has been
a man of more than passing popularity.
Mr. Allen was the secretary of the
Korean legation to this country during
the greater jyirt of Cleveland's first ad
ministration and through President Har
rison's entire administration.
The Crown Prince will possibly return
to Korea now, whore he will be under tae
watchful eye of his American counselor. —
Cincinnati Commercial Tribune.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL..
A D Dlston, Boston \V Lel^h, Healtlsbury
T J O'Brien, Heattle W C Weeks, Minn
H M Fn .Wicks, <al II D Leonard. Westsido
M S Hudson, Seattle C Lydeard, Minn
R' C Henderson. Tcoma J Covert, Wadsworth
J L Downey, San .Tose O W Ayer, Hpuo
P McOovern, Modesto IP F Smith. Dutch Flat
L. M Hcrrcra A w, ("al IJ Goodwin, Sonora
C L Goddard, Portland D M Peterson, Oakdale
C E Short, Colfax ili C Joyce, San Jose
GRAND HOTEL.
E F Frazer. Sacto J X Keeler, Cal
W R Contend. Utah W J Aclair, Sacto
E C Hart. Sacto E de la Cuesta, Cal
W Neumap, Gilroy A H Avert, Ukiah
A Freeman, L An? C C Gllger, S Paula
F E Chirm &w, Sacto! H J Larentzen, Cal
W Nlcholla Jr & w.|J M ScbemeL Gllroy
Dutch Flat (J B Crawford, Ky
W R Monason, AuburniH Sonet, Conklin
W C Conroy, Auburn A R Van Dorssen, Ba-
J Watklns & w, Can tavia
Li D Smith. Stoekton F J Homers. Solano
W Brown, Seattle J B Hoyt, Cal
"W D Wheelwright. Or E C Helnreioh, Sacto
R R Setbert, L Ang W H Morrison & w,
J F Mayer, Hc'.lands Suisun
C D Snedke. Cal IB A Plant. S Cruz
Mrs J Snedke, Cal |W F Kelley & w, Cal
Miss Thompson, Cal A Agell, Cal
W T Cook &w, Cdl tttn N Q Curtis, Bacto
"W A Littlsneld. Cal S B Harris. S Diego
F Golden. Nev J XV Carr ft w, Cal
F W Elinsr, Boston Mrs N D Oyly, S Jose
1' A Brooks, Cal Miss M Oyiy, S Jose
E A Burton. Otiio '
PALACE HOTEL.
R M Allen, Stanford !A Klnnon, Los Ang
J S Woodruff. N V |\V G Kirckhoff, L Angr
S R Olmstead. Ohio iJ H Kuhns. N Mcx
W W Church. Toledo B E Kuhns. N Mcx
C W McNully, Pa ;F Miller. Riverside
Mrs C W McNully. Pa'Mlfs L J P-irhards, NT
C W J McNully. Pa iMiss E H Richards, Xl'
A C Hookey, Pa A J Miller. N V
Z L White BCaaa H M Wolf, Chicago
A J White, Mass Mrs M E Knox, Sacto
Miss White, Mass E T Sederholm & w.
F Tillman. L Ang Chicago
D C Lewis. Portland T Ocio. Manila
Mrs H W Thlelson. Or P Odell. Manila
Miss X Moreland, Or G Larrondo, Manila
E J Spencer, St Louis T Sando. Manila
G "W Thomas, Ohio M Malere, Manila
C M Greene, NY G Pirez, Manila
Mrs C M Greene, N V B Howe, Borneo
A C Magnus, City J P Mason, Salt Lake
I) .1 Crowley, Tacoma IF A Rnndl<». Chicago
Mrs D J Crowley. TaciW R Brown, N V
W D Rlgely, NY IC Whitney & w, N V
M A Smith, N V A Campbell, Shanghai
E Wallace, Yreka G M Ans'.ey, Adelaide
\V F Eells. }'hlla |W L Crow. N V
W G Eells, Phlla W F Gary, Shanghai
G T Scott, USA T A Stetson. Hongkong
A G Gassen, Loa Ang E T Sweeny, Seattle
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Greenwald. L Ang iC Smith & w, S Jose
C E Phlpps, Sacto J M Moore, Angel Isl
H M Irvin, Pa Whitney Allen, N V
J M Halerson, L Ang Miss A Meder S Jose
W H Grover, US I 3 B T Harrison. Cal
C H Knabel, NY E Moroney, L Ang
Mrs E M Taggart, Cal W T Herder. Oakland
Paul R Ruben, Fresno T S A James, Oak
Miss M Armstrong. Cal'S Curran, Sacto
Mrs E Hinman, .VapaA D Rickey. Pa
G G Pinkham, Chicago H Lundy & w, is x
W E Hall, Chicago W A West, N _ x
Mrs H J Gross, Reno G Gregory, NY
Mrs M L Coffin, Nev J Schwartz. N x
Lieut L Beed, Ft Point A Bell, NY
C H Versellne, Chicago Fanny Panger. N T
Phil Jacobs, Ohio [Lizzie Sanger, NX
Dr R Bannon & w, Cal J R Thomson, Ca.l
Walter Wright. Sacto ,W D Adams, Chicago
Mrs M S Smith, Cal |G T Hopkins, Cal
J M Lawrence. L Ang R S Bodman, L Ang
Mrs D Williams, Cal J F Caldwell, L Ang
J Craig & w. Cal lA F Dill, San Diego
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. v
Monday. October 17.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, 28 hours from Trinl
'schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 20 hours from
Moss Landing-. •a>™+
Schr La Chilena, Matsen, 9 hours from Fort
Ross. _
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 17— Ship Florence,
hence Oct 6. Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Cottage City,
for Dyea. __________ — —
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streeta. open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery ■treet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock
615 Larkln street; open until »:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
252« Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second an<*. Kentucky
streets: nppn until S o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6. R. A. M., ■
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-^
ING, Oct. IS, at 7:30 o'clock.— Stated J^X
meeting- and R. A. degree. By order /"V >
of the H. P. ■;■.■
' FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A. m
M.— Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _j\
EVENING, October 18th, at 7:30 jSTzf
o'clock. D. 3. r^r '
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M., j*
121 Eddy St., meets THIS EVENING, UK^-
7:30 o'clock. First degree. /W\
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary. / >
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. M. (fc
—Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) -ff%-
' EVENINO, at 7:30 o'clock. 7%^J\
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. / >
NATIONAL Union. Califor-^ytUAkl""^^
nla Council 530.— Meets TO-^V^mUS
NIGHT Erks- Hall, 223 " 'IX
Sutter «t. ' ~
A. O. H. Division No. I.— A special %^tff^
meeting will be held TO-NIGHT \JCWJ
(TUESDAY), Oct. 18, at 1159 Mission 3s>Xfl
et., for the purpose of settling for all CC\S?
picnic tickets received from secretary. •"^Eb
JAS. McCURRY. President.
CHAS. SHINKWIN, Secretary.
THERE will be a meeting of South Park Tax
Improvement Club, 211 Third St., October 18,
S p. m. All members requested to be present
to Indorse candidates. AL BAKER. Ch'rman.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE 1b hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lake et., San Francisco.
hcts received the following orphan and half
orphan 'girls from July 1 to October 1, 1S98:
Margaret Edwards, 1 year 10 months; Grace
Jarrett, 4 years; Esther Jarrett, 2 years; Rosa-
lind Chrlßtensen, 11 years; Hazel Wood, 5
years 2 months; Lillian Crummey, 1 year '6
months; Dora au Buchon, 7 years S months;
Ruth au Buchon, 3 yeurs 1 month; Margaret
Anderson, 4 years; Esther Petersen, 6 years;
Albertlne Peterpen. 4 years; Ruth Vanier, 9
years; Ada Vanler, 1 year 7 months; Eva
Rhoade, 7 years 9 months; Jennie Scott, 7
years 6 months; Mary Scott. 5 years S months;
Amelia Scott, 4 years 1 month; Venus Maur-
rnon, 11 years; Katie Klrkham, 13 years 5
months; Oeorgle Klrkhani, 11 years; Jennie
Klrkham, 10 years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel, 6550.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
fails or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Halght et.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 Sd St.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, San Francisco, October 17th. 1838. —
At a regular meeting of the Board of Direc-
/ tors of this company, helJ this day. a divi-
dend was* declared, . payable on and after
October 19th. 1898.
BERNARD FAYMONYILLE. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. SO (50c per
share) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION CO. will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market st., on and after
THURSDAY, October 20, 1898. Transfer books
will close on Friday, October 14, 1395. at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation;
4 years last place; city or country. MIS 9
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED English nurse desires situation; best
references; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter Bt.
COMPETENT French second fetrl desires situa-
tion or as nursery governess; good seamstre»s;
best reference. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 3 years, last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of flrst-clas3 girls await situa-
tions. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
NEAT, experienced German girl wishes situa-
tion aa chambermaid or waiting; first-class
references. Call at 1532 Jackson st.
GERMAN girl wishes position aa second work
and seamstress. Box 544, Call office.
AS housekeeper, by neat elderly American
woman, taking care of children, cooking,
washing and housecleaning; wages $10 per
month. Call 26S Stevenson st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wants work by
day in families or at home; perfect fitting In
tailor-made and other dresses. 1411 Bush st.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day
at any kind of work; is a first-class cleaner
and laundress. Address for three days, box
645, Call office. '
SITUATION wanted as working housekeeper
by reliable woman; daughter will work in
exchange for board and schooling. Box 546,
Call office. ■' • ..
COMPETENT dressmaker, $1 50 per day; suits
made In 2 days: dresses made over; work
taken home. 945 Sanchez st.,' near 23d. :
HOSPITAL experienced nurse, companion or
housekeeper; kind, trustworthy; first-class
references. Call 3 to 6, 616 Mason st., or ad-
dress M. D. r
SITUATION to take care of an Infant or light
; housework. _Apply at 500 Eddy st.
ENGLISH second girl, best of references, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 3W
Sutter st. . .
SITUATION wanted by good woman to do
housework and cooking;, in small American
family. Call 1214 Laguna st.; no postals.
YOUNG woman wishes . position as house-
keeper; city or country. .Box 548, Call office.
RELIABLE middle-aged woman wishes situa-
tion to do cooking, light housework or nurs-
ing; good references; city or across the bay.
20 Willow aye., bet. Eddy and Ellis sts., off
. Larkin. Call two days. '■' •.-•-> -
NURSE, experienced, English, good references,
desires engagement. A. MAGILL, C 55 Pine st.
PROTESTANT woman, good cook, boarding
house or private; country preferred. 912 Clay
■V Bt.. • Oakland.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation In a
email family; good cook; references; no
cards. 2413 Folsom st.
RESPECTABLE young German girl wishes
• situation for general housework no • postals.
Please call 2705 Folsom st.
SITUATION wanted by £ young woman for
general housework and cooking; wages $15 to
»20. Call 1239 Market St., near Ninth.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a ' situation to
do light housework and help mind children;
wages $8.: 3677 Twenty-third St., nr. Dolores.
YOUNG woman, with child 5 years old. wishes
. situation to do housework; no objections to
- country. 853 Folsom st. "■■■-.-' ■ ;
TWO young women would like position as
chambermaids in country; wages no object.
,1207 Market St., room ■ 14. ■ , -£»r<- ,: ': \- ■' . -'-,.•: ' ■;:■■>
YOUNG girl wishes to do general housework
-• and cooking. Please call 106 Morris aye., off
r Bryant st., near Sixth. '.
COMPETENT North-German girl wishes posi-
tion for upstairs work and sewing. . Call 427
Cedar aye., bet. Geary. and Post, nr. Larkin.
YOUNG lady, with good English education, de-
- sires position to take care of children; sleep
 home; hotel preferred. 625 Third st.
PLACE to do general housework In small Amer-
ican > family, by . American woman who Is k a
> good plain cook; , wages $20 to $25. ? 'Address
C, 1259 O'Farrell st.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
EXPERIENCED German woman wishes a
situation in a private family as cook: no ob-
jection to plain washing; city or a short dis-
tance in the country: best of reference given.
Address 341 Minna St., bet. .. 4th . and - sth.
GERMAN girl wants housework or washing by
the day; $110 a day. 569 Minna St., in rear;
Wednesday and Thursday.; .
AN experienced dressmaker would like work In
families by the day, or will take work home;
$1 25 per day. - 1301 Mission St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to secure a
position in respectable widower's family. Ap-
ply 407 San Pablo aye., room 17, Oakland.
WANTED— A position as saleslady by respect-
able young lady from the East with reference.
A., bex 510, Call office.
WANTED— A position by respectable lady from
the East as housekeeper in hotel or boarding-
house; has had 20 years' experience. Box
610, Call office. __
RESPECTABLE American woman wants situa-
tlon as working housekeeper for family of
adults or grown children; city or country-
Address box 1099, Call office. .
FIRST-CLASS lady barber would like position;
wages. Address box 756, Call office.
ENGLISH widow wishes to clean and ; repair
men's clothes; small charges; best references.
Address Q. C, 1226 Stockton st.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 66.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell Bt. ; tel. Eaat 428.
TO master bakers, pastry cooks, ! cake I bakers
and restaurant keepers— by respect-
able married man, aged 36, no Incumbrance,
Bituation in either of the above; good all-
round workman wife a good cook or shop
woman, disengaged; first-class references. Ad-
dress JEROME, 748 Folaom st.
COACHMAN wishes situation or work about
private place; good' references; $15 per month.
Box 545, Call office. — . .
ENGINEER or fireman, young, competent man,
understands pipefltting, repairs, etc., wishes
position. Box 538, Call office.
BITUATION wanted by American boy 16 yeara
of age; will work for board and clothing. Box
647, Call - office. .
YOUNG man wishes' employment In some busi-
ness house; has experience as bookkeeper:
last employed In wholesale liquor house. Box
1412, Call office.
BAKER with experience on bread and cake
wishes position as helper In cake bakery or
hotel, with chance for improvement. Address
box 53<% Call office. ,
PAINTER— man understanding paint-
ing, frescoing, wishes a situation; good steady
place more of an object than salary- Ad-
dress by letter BERGMAN, 617 Second st.
GERMAN man and wife wish situations; man
a good dairyman and cheese maker: will take
any kind of work on a dairy or milk ranch
or private place: city or country; wlf# a first-
class cook. Address C. S., 621 Commercial st.
WANTED— By a man to work for . a private
family; can do all kinds of work: gardening,
cows, horses; willing and obliging; city or
country.. J- M. J., 631 Sacramento st. V
ENGINEER and machinist, 30 years old; sta-
tionary or traction engine; plpefltting or re-
pairing; will go anywhere; references. Box
534, Call office.
YOUNG man would like situation as porter or
stock clerk in wholesale or retail store; refer-
ences. Box 532, Call office.
BOY of 19, living with parents, would like to
learn good trade. Box 1042, Call office.
FIRST - CLASS all-around blacksmith, also
handy woodworker's tools, wishes situation;
city or country. Call or address 432 Dupont.
FAITHFUL, sober man, who thoroughly un-
derstands horses, carriages and driving,
, wants position in private family; can care for
garden or cows; references. Address O. H.
P., 822 Mission st.
CANVASSING for wholesale and retail sta-
tionery business; have had some experience.
Address T. A. SIDDALL, 1516V4 Park St..
Alameda.
WANTED — By young man direct from Canada,
position as telegraph operator or salesman;
best of references. Address box 775, Call. •
LITTLE boy wants a good home and school-
Ing in the country with a family without chil-
dren. Apply 30 Mint aye.
BAKER, foreman, wants position; Is a good
stock yeast maker: cit** or country. Ad-
dress 4678 Minna St., upstairs.
EN-iI.VEER — Young German, competent and
steady, wishes position aa engineer, assistant
or In boiler room; wages moderate. Box 762,
Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Bt.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 26c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to I*
week: convenient and respectable; fre« bus
and bacirage to and from ferrjr.
HELP WANTED—
COMPANION to invalid lady. $10 per month,
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK girl, sleep home. $12. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, no cooking. $15. MISS
CULLEN 325 Sutter st.
COLORED housework girl, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 GIRLS, ohamberwork and waiting, $15 each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
ISABELLE SCOTT please call at MISS CUL-
LEN'S, 325 Sutter Bt.
MAID and seamstress, $20; chambermaid and
seamstress, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
2 GIRLS, same house, chamberwork and wait-
ing. $20 and $15 each. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. •
REFINED German or Jewish nurse, child 6
years old, $20. . MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, $30: 2 second girls, $25 and $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, one child. 3 years old, $12. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RANCH cook. $25, 4 in family. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
AN elderly German housekeeper, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NANNIE, the Swedish girl, who worked as
nurse girl in San Jose, please call 325 Sutter.
NURSE, grown child and sewing, $25; cook
and some housework, American family, a
short distance, $25: Swedish cook and second
girl, same house, $30 and $13: second girl, $20;
3 cooks, German style, $25 and $30: cook, de-
licacy store, $25; restaurant cook, $25; 2 wait-
resses and chambermaid, hotel and restaur-
ant, $20 and $6 week; and girls for housework.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WAITRESS. $20, and chambermaid to wait, \l<\,
same country hotel; waitress, country. $17 50,
• fare paid: 4 waitresses, city. and country, $20;
restaurant waitress, country, $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
HOUSE girl, American family, $25; German
cook, 2 In family, $20; Swedish or German
cook, small family, $25; house girl. 2 in fam-
ily, $15: and many girls for housework, city
and country, $15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN &
■ CO., 104 Geary st.
PANTRY woman for first-class country hotel.
$25. C. R. HANSEN CO., 104 Geary at.
COOK, $30; second girl, 2 In family. $25; cook
and second girl, same house, $20 and $12.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL and houseglrl, same house, $15
and $8: 6 housesrirls at $20 each: 10 house-
girls, $23 each; second girl, $15: German
housegirl, 2 in family, $!0; second girl. $20;
nursegirl, $10; middle-aged woman, $15; young
girl to assist, $10. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
WOMAN with a child to cook on ranch, $15.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
GIRL for general housework . and cooking;
wages $12; sleep at home. 630 Fulton st.
GIRLS for hand sewing on skirts. LOEWEN
THAL'S, 914 Market st.
GIRL of 15 for light housework; 1 In family ;
references: can go to school. 196S Union at.
YOUNG elrl. competent for general house-
work and cookfjig. 119 Broderlck st. ■ ■--
YOUNG girl, about 15 years, to assist wit
light housework. 1418 O'Farrell St.
GIRL wanted to tnke care of baby. 215 Gue
rero st., near 14tn.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats.
629 Bush, bet. Stockton and, Powell.
NEAT elderly woman, ■ Catholic, >as house-
keeper; small flat; girl 3 years old. 441 Jessie.
GOOD pants finisher wanted at 373 Natoma St..
near Fifth. ■- .
WANTED— Colored cook; must be willing; $5
per week. 239 Post st., room 4. __
3 GOOD finishers on pants: also few girls to
learn. 560 ; Fourth St., near Brannan.
GIRL to do general housework: no cooking;
sleep at home; $S to $10. 619 Qough st. :
GIRL wanted for light housework. Call at 919
Greenwich Bt. .'.>>- ! ;'?.■;!
OLD lady desiring good home; help around
house and.be generally useful. 342 Minna st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 631 Green
■ Street. .-. - ■'■■' ■■'-,'■ ■ . - . ■ -v • __^
GIRLS to work ' on mangle and .to : help jin
starch room. ■ Apply 411 Sanchez et.'. ;
GOOD ' finisher on custom coats. 477 Tehama
.'-street. •" . -. ..-. ■ ; -■. . "■■' ■■ ' ■■■"■■--• :■-.'.-:**
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman for light
housework. 716 Franklin St.. -.■•■,■ ■■- .yy
WANTED — Finishers on pants: also apprentice
on custom coats paid. . 5 Harriet st. ■■'..:■ -
GERMAN girl for general housework, 394
, Hayes st. . :
HELP WANTBD-ConUnued.
ANTED— GirI to assist In eeneral house-
work; wages, $3 week; Bleep home. 1914
Leavenworth st. - .'--. ..
SPERATORS on shirts: new machines: steady
work; best pay for experienced hands only.
BREMER-ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery st.
WANTED — Cooks, chambermaids and -waitress;
also girls for light housework. 1073% Market
St., near Seventh: employment office.
CAPABLE girl for general housework. Call
at HO Hyde st. _^
I»TED— Cooks, chambermaids and waitress;
3 g-lrls for light housework. 1073'i> Market
near Seventh; employment office.
ABLE girl for general housework. Call
710 Hyde st.
iTED-A strong girl over 16 for general
housework In a small family; wages $8. Ap-
ply southeast corner Kelsey and Steuart sts.,
Berkeley. __^
SHERS on Jackets. DAVIDSON & MIL-
LER, 731 Market st.
GOOD finishers on pants; steady work. 272
Stevenson st. ' •
— Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36^ Fremont st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: pos!tior.»
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's, 102 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S: good positloa»;
patterns 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
2 BUTLERS, $40 to $50 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
PORTER for hotel. $20 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter
FOR a city manufacturing company, 5 laborers,
no experience necessary $20 and found
10 farm hands and teamsters
$26 and fcM and fcun<i
2 sack sewers, $2 day; sack tender, il ',<> day;
straw buck, jl .*iC d.iy
Buggy washer $v, nnd foun<l
Hostler $20 and found
Blacksmith's helper, ranch $25 and found
10 2-horse teamsters, city work $1 70 day
2" laborers $175 day _
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. -
FOR an orchard company, man and wife, $40
and found
Compositor $10 week
Boy to run press $5 to $5 w<"-k
5 strong boys to learn trades, $3 and $4 50 week
Pork packer for large ranch $35 and found
Choreman, cheese factory $15 and found
10 Italian laborsrs. near city $1 50 day
Fare paid for railroad teamsters and laborers,
woodchoppers, tie makers, men to make posts,
etc. MURRAY St. READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
WE PAY HALF FARE FOR
20 common laborers for the sawmills and
woods of a large company, no experience re-
quired, $26 and found
"We ship to-day call early
For Shingle Mill
Sawyer, half fare paid, see boss here; also
shingle packer, half fare paid. MURRAY <&
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FOREMAN for ranch, $.12 and found; black-
smith and act as foreman on ranch, Lower
California, $52 and found; see boss in our
office S o'clock this morning. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
PORTER, country hotel. $20 and found; pantry
boy, ,$l5 and found; restaurant butcher, $40
and board; waiter and tend bar, $25 and
board; 6 cooks, country hotels and boarding
houses; waiters, $25 and $30 and found; type-
writer and assistant bookeeper. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FRENCH chef, country hotel, south $70
Chef, hotel, north $75
Restaurant chef, city $100
Pastry cook, country hotel, $60. and second
cook, $60. sea party here; fry cook, $55;
broiler, $40; cook, officers' club. $45: butcher,
$40; night cook, $35; camp cook, $3o; oyster-
man, $25: potwaeher, $20; 4 dishwashers, $15. \
$20. and $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
rwo railroad camp blacksmiths. $40 and
board and $1 25 a day and board. O. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
TEAMSTERS Coast road Free fare
Laborers and teamsters, mountain railroad;
10 4-horse teamsters, $1 75 a day; 10 2-horse
teamsters, $1 60; long job.
3 4-horse teamsters fare 50c.
10 quarrymen. steady work, $2 a day; 4 tun-
nelmen. $2 50 a day; 5 coal miners, see boss
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TEAMSTERS, city, $1 a day and board; 5
farmers, $20; milker, $25.
5 men to grub land. $25 an acre.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
FRENCHMAN and wife, $CO. acre. and man
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary t.
CHMAN and wife, $50. cook and man
about place. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. ■ •
WANTED— MiIker, $30; stout laborer for city
$2 50 per day. call early; miners, $40 and
board: coal miners, So cents a ton; 4 men to
clear land, $25 an acre; mill and woods men,
$26 to $39 and board: wood and many others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st. .
VANTED— Night cook for country. $30: cook
and wife, $45: boarding-house cook, $30; res-
taurant and hotel waiters for city and coun-
try, $25. $30 and $40: night cook,. $5 a week;
cook for 9 men In city, $20, and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
VANTED
Butcher for res-
taurant in city, good job, $40 per month
3 more laborers for ranch near city, good long
Job, $20; elevator boy for city, $4 per week..
German farmer, good job, 25c fare, $20;
compositor for printing office, $10 per week;
press -hands, $6 per week. W. D. EWER &
CO., 626 Clay st.
"WANTED
Strong boy for ranch near city, must be able »■
to ride horse, $15 per month and found. W. "
P. EWER CO., 626 Clay st.
VANTED— WaIter for a restaurant. $35; waiter
for plain boarding house, $25; pastry cook;
second cook; night cook, $55; several dish-
washers and washers. $15 to $25; young
man for cheese factory, $15, etc. ANDRE'S,
316 Stockton st.
ICTIVE solicitors everywhere for "The Story
of the Philippines," by Murat Halstead, tha
Government Official Historian to the War
Department. All about Philippines, Dewey
the man & Dewey the hero, with an official
history of war with Spain. Brimful original
pictures by Government photographers. Large
book: low prices: big profits. Agents mak-
ing $50 to $300 weekly; freight paid. Drop
all trashy, unofficial war books. Outfits free.
Address F. T. BARBER, Secretary, Dear-
born St., Chicago. ■ - ,
SUTCHER wanted for restaurant. 112 Fourth
street. ..
painters at 463 Geary St., near
Taylor. ■
KIER wanted for restaurant. 112 Fourth
■CLASS painters at 463 Geary it., near
IAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st. . '
ED— At Montana House, 764H Mission
st.. men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
ANTED— Two house, painters. CLARK'S, SOS
Larkln st. \
>"IRST-CLASS coat makers for ladles' tallor-
lng. COHN, 332 Sutter Bt. _^
3OY In planing mills. " corner of Market and
Dolores sts.
2XPERIENCED solicitor for dyeing and
cleaning; to drive wagon. Emporium Reno-
vatory. 109 Eddy st.
SHOES repaired while you wait; half price.
562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
SO PAIRS men's second-hand shoes. 260 to tl.
662 Mission st.. bet. First and Second.
rOUNG man to wait at table, restaurant; $3
per week. 233 Sixth st. ■ • ' 4
3OOD barber wanted; steady young man. 629
Union st.
3OOTBLACK wanted. 14 Ellin st.
! YOUNG men for painting and whitening.
Call early, 343 Third st.
VANTED— Good dishwasher. 126 Ninth st. Call
early. |
VANTED — Whitener with brush. $2 60 per day.
407 Eighth aye.. off Point Lobos.
TWO lunch waiters wanted. 44 East st. ; Dan-
ish preferred.
VANTED— A first-class ship locksmith. Call
at 405 Drum st. ___
VANTED— Boy to help with kitchen work; $10
per month. . 324 . Larkln st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of . the . United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and •be between >
feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
MANAGER— Good business manager with $1500
for San Francisco; active man or woman with
this amount will learn of an opportunity to
make $200 per month from the start: Investi-
gate. NOVITA COMPANY, 79 Dearborn st..
Chicago. .
/VGENTS, male or female. In • every city and
town in the United States to sell the only re-
liable Marquis Hair Tonic. Address 1505
Market st.. between Eleventh and Twelfth.
FIRST-CLASS operator on ladies" coats wanted
at A. CAILLEAU'S, 4S Geary st.. corner
Grant aye. '-..■■"
-OAL miners • wanted by the TESLA COAL
CO.,- room 515. 328 Montgomery st.
A.l OPERATORS. DAVIDSON & MILLER^ ,
i 731 Market , st. . i
EXPERIENCED ■ dress • and men's furnishing
goods salesmen. Box 1407, , Call office.
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes. 82S
Bush st.. office No. 4, third floor.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser. Apply IMO Polk
street. ..<•;:■:>;-.>,>., ?■ y- • ..; ->-■-- ;,vHELP WANTEO-Contlnned.
,
- , ,-tv-i> rj. borers and mechanics to know
WAN ■ v iHtn n«no House proprietor, still
thEt ISnvTr House, 217 Third St.; 150 larga
51 to $3 per week.
*^>£= C y PrV o^ How 4: rd m s e t n ' B
ijim-k<F~a7s 7 ii -■■■■ Employment Offlce. 3.
vit^m" Se^_32s Grant aye.; tel. Grant m.
_.., ,_.. "> w omen to learn barber trade at San
Francisco liarber College. IS* Eighth at.
r;. , vti : D— To lect wages due laborers and
clerks.' Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
kaiLORS »rul rdinary seamen wanted at
SHANE'S, 604 Davis st.. near Jackson.
cinOl>F furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
rocm. 25c night. Rosedale House. 821 Ellis st.
THY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth.
for a r m; 25c a night; $1 a week.
tTLORS ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 2« Steuart.
SINGLE rooms. 'loc and 15c night; 750 and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third «t.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-room;
free 'Kis and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
I'EW good canvassers wanted; extra good
show. Room 14, 606 Montgomery st.
IVE, energetic agents to handle a good spe-
cialty: just in. GreatPT West Advertising &
Novelty Company, U55Vi Washington st.. Oak-
lin.V
PARTNERS WANTED.
■WANTED — sign and carriage paint-
er as partner for the best opening on m;s
coast; must have some money. Address cr
call at 2223 Phattuek aye.. Berkeley.
FURNITURE AY ANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise: cold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN. auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished house -ohere parties tre
willing to board for rent with the privilege
c' ketping a few other boarders, by rcspeot-
aMe widow. 8., box 610, Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY lady, best references, will
take charge San Francisco residence during
absence of owners. Address M. G.. Glenwood,
Cal. ____^_______
AY ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — burglar-proof safe, not over
bOO be ; give Inside dimensions. Box 551. Call.
_„________—— — — — — — ■
WANTED— buggy; must be in good repair
and cheap. Corner Twenty-fourth and Church
sts.. at grocery.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and mastic lantern appa-
ratus; second-hand. 1"9 Montgomery st.
. LOST.
LOST— Stanyan and Hnight sts., small brown
Cooker spaniel pup; answers name Rnsey. Re- p
ward at Terminal Saloon or 2606 Diamond st.
LOST— \ lady's breast pin. one large pearl and
small diamonds, on Market St., about 7:45.
funday. 413 Stockton st.
RETURN child's cape that was held by pentle-
man while on car to beach, to 42? Turk st.
MEMORANDUM book containing receipts, etc.
Return to A. JOSEPHSON. 44 Clara st.
LOST— OM red Iri.«h setter doe. Return to
7423 Stelner St., near Ellis; liberal reward.
CERTIFICATE No. 234 fcr 10 shares of the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railroad. !
Issued to A. G. RUSS. has been lost and a
reward of $10 is hereby offered for delivering
the same to A. G. RUSS. 201 Montgomery st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaningr — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
SS and 40 Elphth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN yo'J l-ecome disgusted with poor work
send t« SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating ' orks, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard; -laid at 3c.
STIIATTON'S, 3 K:^.h:h St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning, Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74. j
C-'NKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Goiden ;
Gate aye. : tel. East 126. i
ADVANCE Carpet-cleanlne Co.. 402 Sutter St.; i
• ■'. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
Mi;i)l< AL.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored ■
instantly (na' matter what cause); safe and j
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and :
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home in con- I
Jinement; s-kHlfui medical attention: all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re- j
liable lallat free and confidential; strong
pills. $1; guaranteed cure, $6. MRS, DR.
WYETH, 208 Turk st.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
DO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar- I
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace !
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief, I
though elso fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no ;
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con- 1
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
st:; pills. $1; very strong. $2. ;
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed j
ab.«olute cure for all female diseases; posi- i
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef- j
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre- 1
ventlve; price 51 CO per box,- sent free by !
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23!
Grant aye., S. F. A caution — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing; I
even' woman her own physician: restores al-
ways In one day: safe and sure; no mcdi- ;
cine or instruments U6ed; consultation free; ,
saves disgrace; pills and capsules, $1: cure, 1
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for ■
37 years, DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny at.
LADIES, Chichester's English pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take j
no other; Bend 4c stamps for particulars. !
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at ;
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla. |
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all ■
cases of monthly Irregularities irom what- ;
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed i
cure at office, $."■; travelers helped instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
I)Ii and MRS. "WEGENER. ISI2 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms j
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pill", a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; sunny, pleasant
i.^rne In confinement. 156 Second st.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate; you can get our
combination metal plate for the same price;
it is thin as paper; full set of teeth, $$;
crowns, $3; fillings, 6Cc Tip; teeth without
plates a specialty; written guarantee for 10
years given on all work; no students employ-
ed' extracting free when plates are ordered;
consultation free. MODERN DENTAL PAR-
LOR 9 corner Market and Mason sts. En-
trance 8 Mason et. : phone South 781.
X~~FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 60; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
SET of teeth, $5; fillings, gold, $1 up: silver, 25c
up- brl3ee«; plates repaired; all work pain-
less and warranted 10 years. New York
Dc-ntlsts, 969 Mission St.. corner Sixth.
DP. OF.OROE W r . LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; oi>en- evenings.
'j'j7 Market St.. comer Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near.
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; «as given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNQ. 1841 Polk st. ' ■ ■ >
•ALL work nable and warranted. DR. J.
. 'V. KEY, 1320 Market st. • ''■' ■ <:
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
CI .T7 J-* W and Collection Offlce; advice free"
777 Market jit., room 7.
C- J B V, PE > TKRS . attorney and counselor-at-law,
40 Montgomeryjjt .. room 16.
r "kft- C cnnini>~.r' mina Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
. Ket. consultation^ free; no fees In advance.
A W VI DAYm S ; o^ i^^V t Kucc< * 3afuir^ :
BICYCLES.
______
EECOND-HAND Li.y,]., fr ,,. n g v.- _- w
ISJ7 r.iKh grade $100 b cycles for $&• Sew
JOSepH imili.k. Vjjti) ari(l Folsom sts.
JU.sj^i- v 11ULLE. .'Qth and Folgom sts.
HOTEL ion SALE.
FOR Family hotel 76 rooms; cornar-
tral location; fine view; doing good bus ness;
low rent; long lease. Inquire w hen
DRICKSON, room 614. Claus Spreckels bldg"
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— LIST your store, property or business place
with WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market- St.. the
old established and reliable Business Agents.
We have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy In country towns.
$225 IF sold at once; saloon close to Market St..
nea.r Baldwin Hotel; fixtures up-to-date; a
first-class place; owner compelled to sell; this
place has a splendid future; call early.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St.
A— s3oo; corner grocery and bar; 2 blocks south
of Market St.; living rooms; rent $25; a snap.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— slloo saloon; rent $50; established for years
and doing a business clearing $125 per
month; located near Palace liotel; elegant
fixtures; disagreement of partners causes a
bargain. WILKE & UNFL'Q, SC6 Market" st.
A— S7OO— CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living
rooms: rent $27 50; one block south of Market;
average dally receipts $16; 2 barrels whisky in
stock. Particulars, WILKE &. UNFUG. 906
Market et.
$275— CIGAR and variety store: good business;
3 furnished rooms; great bargain; owner
going to Europe. National Agency. 7 Grant ay.
$110— BRANCH bakery and variety store: 3
rooms; cheap rent; pays well; must be sold
to-day on 'account of unexpected departure;
offer wanted. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
A— WANTED, to buy one-half Interest In mfg.
business. National Business Agency, 7 Grant.
A— PAYING delicacy store; 3 living rooms;
cheap rent; well fitted up; selling account
sickness. National Business Ex., 7 Grant ay.
$200— PARTNER wanted: light genteel cash
business; last 16 years cleared $76 a month to
each'; big chance to increase; must have help.
National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
WE have buyers to invest In any legitimate
business; parties . willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
SALOON few doors from Market: large I
stock; owner selling account retiring from j
business. Apply M. LESS_&_CO.. ■*> Market.
CIGARS and notion; 3 rooms; cheap rent;
can be largely Increased; old;e*ta_bUshed.
party cannot attend it. LESS & CO.. >» Mkt.
$276— partner, lady or gentleman, in old-
established restaurant; meals 25c and _ up;
clears $75 mo. each; full investigation courted
and allowed. LESS & CO.. WS Market at.
$275— CORNER grocery and bar, with 'Ivlng-
rooms; establisher years; owner called East:
will sacrifice. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
SALOON and lunch house, with 9 fur-
nished rooms, among factories downtown;
furniture included. M. LESS & CO., 765 Mar-
ket st
tin;v-P \RTXFR wanted In corner saloon;
steady man required. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Market St.
$250 PARTNER wanted in an old established
restaurant; meals, 25c upward. McLAUGH-
LIN <fc CO.. 777 Market st.
GROCERY and bar; good location; living
rooms; rent $15. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777
i Market at.
t^iL-cORNER grocery and bar on account of
death In the family. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Market St.
SALOON with club rooms; first-class fix-
tures. Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
A— — SALOON and 13 furnished rooms; cen-
tral; prominent corner; clears $300 monthly;
l^t-t known place In city. KREDO & CO..
22V4 Geary st.
A— slsoo— PARTNER; light mfg business; salary
$100; must be business man. KREDO & CO..
22Vi Geary Bt.
A — FINE corner grocery and bar at Mission;
$350 will take it this week only; $19 to $15
daily. KREDO & CO., 224 Geary st.
$150— CIGAR stand; half block north of Market
st.: good location; cheap rent; stock for
value. JONES & SEARLL. 865 Market st.
$250— •A INT and paper hanger shop; Western
Addition: horse and wagon; complete outfit;
5 rooms furnished. JONES & SEARLL, 565
Market st.
j $225—16 FURNISHED rooms: 1 block from Mar-
ket St.; rooms nil rented: good location.
JONES & SEARLL. 865 Market St.
HAVE purchasers for coffee house, branch
bakery, grocery and all kinds of business;
have list of good business for sale. EITEL.
1016 Market St. '.».;''
; $1750 — corner saloon on Market st. ; has a
good patronage; will bear Investigation. F.
C. WENTWORTH & CO., 763^4 Market St.,
. near Fourth. '
! FOR — Circulation daily paper; prosperous
| town. Inquire 1 o'clock this afternoon for
I particulars .it room 421. California Hotel.
I SEVEN years' established produce store,
team, poultry ranch, established route. 1919
j Bush st.
I WANTED — For cash, branch bakery or small
coffee parlor. Box 1411, Call offlce.
,FQR_ sale— N«wepaper^ offlo« established U
years."".}?. O. box 327, Los Gatos, Cal. ,
240-ACRE ranch, 10-room house, good barn,
outbuildings, horses, cows, hogs, chickens,
wagons and farming tools; will be sold at a
bargain to settle estate; call at, our oflice and
see what grows on place. RAND, 917 Market. I
A GOOD Chance — branch bakery, confec-
tionery, candy, notions, cigars, laundry office;
fine sunny living rooms; low rent; fullest in-
vestigation allowed. Box 502, Call office.
I BAKERY— OId established; doing good busi-
ness; good location; excellent chance for the
right party. Apply SW. corner of Maaon and
Chestnut sts.
SALOON at a sacrifice on city front opposite
ferries; on account of Immediate departure
for Europe. Apply 23 East st., near Clay.
WELL-PAYING dyeing and cleaning establish-
ment; cheap account of departure. 148 Third.
PARTNER man or lady cashier, $50
month and board. 603 Clay Bt.
GOOD saloon for pale cheap on account of Bick-
' ness. Box 1405. Call office.
GOOD shoe business for Bale cheap. 4102 Nine-
teenth St., near Castro.
— GOOD paying saloon; fine location. Ap-
ply P. D. CULVER, room 23, fifth floor. Mills
building.
GOOD paying country restaurant for sale. Ap-
ply Call offlce.
COAL yard; splendid location. Address box 777.
Call Office.
PAINTING, whitening and paperhanging busi-
ness in canter of city: stock, tools, etc. Ap-
ply to C. J. BARRON. 1217 Market gt.
FOR SALE— First-class saloon one block from
Baldwin Hotel. Apply NW. corner of Powell
and O"Farrell St. . ■
FOR sale— Call route at Ban Jot*. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business offlce.
HEADQUARTERS for solicitors on coffea. tea.
spices, etc.: supplied as wanted; cheapest
price*. 107-109 Beale st.
.
LODGING HOUSES FOlt BALJA.
18-ROOM CORNER
..........BAY WINDOW
OWNER SICK
MUST SELL. OFFER WANTED
NORTH »F MARKET ST •
$650; clears $150 31 rooms
$450; worth $1000; a snap 14 rooms
$300 house 10 rooms
$8500; corner house; clears $300 82 rooms
18-room house on Sixth st $500
26 rooms; Bunny corner 1100
15-room house; clears $100 500
21-room house; central; clears $150 600
32-room house; best In city 1000
12-room house; worth $600 300
15-room house; on Butter st 450
24-rOom house; clears $150 1400
20-room houxe; worth $1000 400
60 other houses, from 3 to 200 rooms.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— KREDO & CO Geary st.
Money Advanced on all Houses.
105 rooms; beat in city $4000
23 rooms; Fifth St.; clears $70 600
16 rooms; Second St.; rent only $30 450
16 rooms; boarding; no rent 1000
18 rooms; Van Ness; elegant i:,oo
12 rooms; Market; clears $50 600
11 rcroms: new and el«gant; O'Farrell... 750
10 rooms; Powell; a snap at 600
A— l 4 ROOMS; flne residence, elegantly fur-
nished; clears $60; best location In city; n.u»t
be sold; make offer. KREDO & CO., 22V4
Geary St. ' ■
A— ssoo; 10 ROOMS; corner bay-window; coziest
little transient house; near theaters; $350 cash,
balance time. KREDO & CO., 22H Geary st.
A— 11 ROOMS on O'Farrell St.; clears $78
month; all new furniture; snap $ ....
4S rooms; north of Market St.; fine $1200
76 rooms; select; transient; corner 3500
18 rooms: rent $30...: 400
22 rooms; north of Market; clears $125.... IISO
10 rooms; all new furniture COO
IF TOO WILL CALL ON US
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION
PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
"■"■" F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
_ mitw ' HOUSE ZZ
gJgggL: OFFER WANTED *> R °°^
« RO ° MS RENT $75. « RO ° MS
PRICE $1700 — — — — — PRICE $1700
r '" WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
LOOK AT OUR BARGAINS— ~ ~
10 rooms $175;i8 rooms; flne $550
16 r00m5...... 250 20 rooms; snap 600
87 rooms... 700|50 rooms 1230
National Business Agency. 7 Qrant aye.
LIST of best paying lodging-houses In the city.
If you wish.to buy or sell call at 1016 Market.
WISH to buy 80 to 60-room house ' for cash;
no asenta. Box 549. Call office.
WANTED— First-class lodginß house; central-
ly located. Address Box 543. Call office.
LARGE hotel, furniture and lot, must be sold;
only $1400. Call 256, Third St.
FOR BALE— Lodging house on Second st. ; 30
rooms, all sunny; cheap rent. Apply at 124
Second st-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1898.
HOI SES TO LET.
HARRIET, 137, bet. Folsom and Harrison,
Sixth and Seventh— Nice house of 7 rooms,
bath, gaa; decorated, painted; dry basement.
OLIVE avc 11.1. near Polk and O'Farrell— 7
rooms and bath; $25.
TURK, 303 — Large front bay-window room;
newly furnished; light housekeeping.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flaKlK-le. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
3 LODGE rooms furnished. ?27 Mission; 10-
room house, 2417 Sutter: '.-room cottage, 240-5
Sutter. Apply L. ALTSCHUL. 320 Clay St.
7 SUNNY papered modern rooms; like new;
large garden; 4 lines of cars. 1720 PUlinnre.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NICE sunny cottage, 447 Fifth St.; 4 good
rooms; large yard; $13.
5 SUNNY PMmB and bath; garden; rent rea-
sonable. »2*B Fifteenth st
|15_5-ROOM cottage; basement and yard. 2417
Clay at.
niIMSUEI) FLATS.
$400— I/)WER flat: 7 rooms; well furnished; $16
a month : centrally located near Market. Box
769, Call.
, FLATS TO LET.
BRANNAN. 725, above Sixth— Nice flat of 3
rooms; also 2-room flat; $7 and $5.
CLAY. 1417 A —One ot the most beautiful flats
in town; convenient, commodious and sunn/;
marine view; rent very reasonable.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Sunny
modern Hat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
i FELL. 511— Flat; 4 sunny rooms, basement;
gas; hot and cold water; yard; $14; key at
613 Fell.
j FULTON. 1326. near Devlsadero— Lower m<Mlerr
sunny flat beautifully decorated; small fam'y.
GEARY. 918— Flat, S sunny rooms; water free;
rent $14.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519 — Upper flat of 5 rooms;
modern improvements; rent $16.
LOWER flat 3 large sunny rooms and hall.
Apply 932 Shotwell st., near Twenty-fourth;
upstairs.
LOWER flat, 5 sunny rooms, bath; rent $12.
116 San Jose ay«.
LOWER floor; 5 rooms. 812 Jessie, near Ninth;
rent $14; key at grocery.
MISSION, 2721— Upper sunny flat, 8 rooms, bath;
sunny yard; reasonable.
MODERN sunny flat, 10 rooms; would suit
physician. 626 Golden Gate aye.
NICE upper flat, 3 large rooms. 16 Landers St.,
bet. 14th and 15th, above Dolores; $10.
NICE sunny flat. 637 Minna St., between
Seventh and Eighth; $10.
SCOTT. 820, near McAllister— Modern flat of 6
rooms and bath; sunny; newly decorated;
rent $25.
STEVENSON. 413, near Fifth— Lower flat, 4
rooms; water free.
STEVENSON, 427. between Fifth and Sixth—
$10; first floor; key upstairs.
SUNNY bay-window fla^. 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage of 5 rooms cheap. Cor. Dolores and 15th.
TURK, 1505-i:.09, near Steiner— Nice flats; 5 and
6 rooms and bath; $13 and $15.
WANTED- SO tenants for flats, cottages, etc.;
4 rooms on Van Ness aye., $25: also 10 new
flats, J2r.. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Mrkt.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$15--FLAT: double parlors, dining-room, kitch-
en. 41 Herman, June. Market and Valencia.
4 AND 6 room sunny modern flats. 816 Capp
st., near Twenty-fourth. ;
$12 — SUNNY upper flat 5 rooms and bath; large
basement. 3P05 Twenty-fourth St., near S4ji-
chez; electric cars pass door.
$14— FINE lower flat; 5 rooms; bath; yard.
257 Clementina st.
$22 50 — CLAY, 1243— Fiat of T sunny rooms
nnfl huth; tine view.
rooms for holskki;kping.
A — SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 In
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; 3 per week, $11 per month;
suitable for 4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe
store, 562 Mls?h-n St., bet. First and Second Bts.
AT Polk, 622 — Newly furnished and unfurnished
rooms for housekpg; neat, clean, quiet house.
BRANNAN. 726, above 6th— Front bedroom and
kitchen; furnitlied for houaekeeplns; $> an.! $«.
IH'i'HANAN, 80£ [«• Fell— Hay-window suites:
kitchens complete; wood or gas stove: $12
to $15. •
BUENA VISTA aye.. 449. Ashbury Heights—
6 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
I CASTRO, 405, rear— S nice sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; large yard, stable; cheap.
EDDY, 915 — Furnished or unfurnished connect-
ing Bunny rooms; garden; fine locatloo; pri-
vate residence.
ELEVENTH. 231—1 furnished or unfurnished
room to let.
FIFTH. 322— L»rge sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; sink, water, bath; private; $il.
FILLHORB, 213, near Halght— 2 sunny rooms
furnished or not, $9: large unfurnished room,
carpet; grate; $6; housekeeping, bath; yard;
no sign.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 sunny well furnlshrd
rooms for light housekeeping; gas stove, bath
and free telephone.
GOUGH. 530—1 front and rear parlor: 1 house-
keeping room; bath, hot and cold water.
HOWARD, 1068— Newly furnished Funny rooms,
single or en suite; also rooms for hskplnff.
HOWARD. 1755— Furnished or unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
LAKKIN, 822— Newly furnished sunny parlors,
with piano; housekeeping rooms reasonable.
MoALLISTER, 422— Large sunny front room,
with running water; also kitchen.
MINNA, 269—2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; sunny yard.
MINNA, 723. bet. Bth and 9th. first floor— S nice
unfurnished rooms; big yard; rent only $8.
NOE, lit— l pleasant front rooms, modern;
first floor; kitchen, linoleum; coal range; $10.
OAK, 119—2 nicely furnished heavy housekeep-
ing rooms: separate entrance; $10.
PROSPECT place, 123. Stockton, Powell, near
California— Houoe of 4 rooms; cellar; com-
plete; $5 to $18; private; German family.
"RIJSS, 149—2 neatly furnished rooms for house-
keeping complete; a home for parties without
children; $12 per month.
SEVENTH, 3SBV4— Three fine rooms; rent cheap
to small family.
SIXTH. 216 V4 — Nice sunny front furnished house-
keeping room; reasonable for quiet family.
THE Piedmont, USA Sixth St.— 1 or S rooms,
furnished for housekeeping: also other roomt
TURK, 316— Sunny alcove room; also other fur-
nished rooms; light housekpg; running water.
VAN NESS, 321—2 large rooms and kltrhnn;
complete for hkpg. ; gas; range; sun all .lay
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Elegant double parlors,
unfurnished, with carpets; or will fur.; l.nup:
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 52 SECOND— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 50; day 2Bc to 50c.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In *very respect; terms reasonable.
BALHOA. The. 1409 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c bultes $1 per day: less
p*r week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post St., 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board If desired.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis. or. Mason— dunny
suites and single rooms: prices reasonable. .
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnlfhed single nnd double rms. ; $8, «10 mo.
EDDY, lIS -Sunny front rooms, single or suite;
prices reasonable: also housekeeping.
ELLIS, 640. cor. Hyde— Large nicely furnished
corner room; sun all day; gas, bath, gnue.
ELLIS, 709— Finely furnished parlor floor; >
rms. for housekpg., or 2 or 3 gents; ref.
FIFTH. 109, near Market— Sunny furnished
rooms; also sunny suite for offices; quiet.
FOI^SOM, 2848— S or 4 rooms, with gas stove,
cheap; without children.
OEART, 402— Just opened; carpets and furni-
ture new; sunny front furnished and unfur-
nished rooms; reasonable; offices first floor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, £22— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; hot and cold water.
OLOBE House. Ml Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4: reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 505—2 large nicely fur-
nished parlors; suitable for 3 or 4 gents.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL, The. Ul Powell st.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms: transients: r*nts preferd.
HAVES, 543— Nice large sunny well furnished
room. $6,
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HOTEL Franclßco, Turk and Taylor—
' suites and nlgle rms; transient. Mrs. J. King.
HYDE, 1000%. corner Pine Bunny front fur-
nished single rooms, $5 and $6; gentlemen.
IRVING, 1070 Valencia— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; board; large grounds; piano; tel.; ref.
LEAVENWORTH, 2010— Large sunny furnished
room for 2, *s.^^
MARKET, Changed hands; suites or
single; country trade solicited; reasonable.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA, 714— Sunny large furnished front j
rooms, $5 and $6 per month. .^
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 427— Sunny furnished single
rooms.. $10 up; private house. Mrs. J. King.
PINE Nicely furnished double and single
rooms; bath; gas; private family.
POST 909— Newly furnished single and double
rooms; private house; quiet; reasonable.
POWELL. 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
suite or single; also transient; rent cheap*.
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooma; reasonable.
POWELL, 617— Elegantly furnished suite: sun
all day; bath; gas; telephone; 2 or 3 gents.
SEVENTH. 178— Nicety furnished front room;
$1 per week.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH 216%— nice sunny furnished front
rooms'; also single; reasonable to quiet people.
SUTTER, 309— Pleasant sunny rooms, large and
small; terms reasonable; call and see.
SUTTER 1111— Nicely furnished rooms; single
cr en suite; very reasonable; also housekpg.
TO let— Part of a house: sunny corner; 3 and
6 rooms; rent reasonable. Apply 542 Halght.
TREMONT House, 17T3 Market St., opp. Gough—
House newly furnished: single rooms or suits;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye., 320 Nice sunny front parlor;
suitable for 2 gents or couple-; other rooms.
1 ALCOVE room, with kitchen: hot and cold
water; private family. Box 1409. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ABBOTSFORD, The—
Broadway and Polk Quiet, homelike; terms
moderate board optional; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House. 819-321-323 Grant aye.—
Rooms 600 up; board and room, $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
EDDY 626 (Irvlngdale)— Sunny front bay-wln-
dow suites, best board, $40 up; single. $2t) up.
MISSION 846— Nicely furnished suites and sin-
gle rooms, with board; rt-aa.; day boarders.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant room-^or gentle-
man; parlor: piano; home cooking; $20 up.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Nicely furnished rooms,
with board, $4 to $5 per week.
THE ORIEL— elegantly furnished sunny
Market Bt. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS, 1008— Excellent table board; sunny
furnished roomß.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD to board from 8 to 5 years old. Address
M. S.. box 550, Call office. ■
CHILD to board; pay not so much an object as
company. 1540 Central aye.
STORES TO LET. .
NICE sunny stores, with living rooms, at 33J
Noe st. ; rent $9 and $10. *
THIRD, 417—2 living rooms; basement; bay-
window; good location: low rent.
OFFICES TO LET.
rMMA sIpRECKELS building, 927 Market St.:
light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, room 210.
~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Buslaesa Colloge, 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scl-Jarshlp. $50; low rates
per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Perry.Ph.B., Fet-
... low In Mathematics, U. C. 7407 8. Atherton,
nr.Channing way.Berkeley: write for circular.
ENGINEERING School ivll. electrical, mln-
lne. mech. Furvey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ZITHER lessons given by MAX MAIER, 626
Turk st.. between Larkln and Polk.
MME. ANNIo MONTAGUE TURNER, vncal
instructions; correct, natural method. Bush.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell:
16 yra experlenrv Press Club bldg.. 123 Ellis.
INSTRUCTION— VIoIn, i>'"no, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th St.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taupht ; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; pri. tuition. Mm. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
~ SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
che&p; repairing guaranteed. 1916 Mission »t.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired; bought, sold;
machine supplies. 146 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth »t.
. TYPEWRITERS.
ALL^typ^wrlters sold' and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25; Caligraph, $15; Yost, $25;
get sample work BCOTT. 333 Montgomery »t.
__„_ PHYSICIANS. ~
DR. C C. O'DONNELL, offlce and residence,
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
LEGAL : notices. ~~
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, De-
partment No. 7— No. 65,668.— F. E. lIESTHAL,
Plaintiff, vs. EMILY GROGAN, Defendant.
Action brought in the Superior Court of the
City and County of San Francisco, State of
California, and the Complaint filed In the
office of the Clerk of said City and County
of San Francisco. E. F. PRESTON, Attor-
ney for Plaintiff. The People of the State of
California send greeting to EMILY GROGAN,
Defendant.
You are hereby directed to appear and
answer the Complaint In an action entitled as
above brought against you In the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
clbco State of California, within ten days
after the service on you of this Summons— lf
served within this County; or within thirty
days If served elsewhere.
• And you are hereby notified that unless you
appear and answer as above required the
said Plaintiff will take Judgment for any
money or damages demanded In the Com-
plaint, as arising upon contract, or he will
apply to the Court for any other relief de-
manded In the Complaint.
Given under my hand and th« seal of the
Superior Court of the City and County of San
Franclnco, State of California, this »rh day
of September, A. D. 1898.
[Seal] CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN, Deputy Clerk.
IN the Superior Court of th« City and County
of San Francisco, Btate of California, Depart-
ment No. .Amanda J. Fennell, plaintiff,
vs Gerald M. Fennell. defendant. Action
brought in the Superior Court, City j and
County of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia and the complaint filed In said City
and County of San Francisco, In the offlce
of the Clerk of said Superior Court.
The People of the State of California send
greeting to Gerald M. Fennell. defendant.
You are hereby required to appear in an ac-
tion brought against you by the above-named
plaintiff in the Superior Court City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
and to answer the complaint filed therein
within ten days (exclusive of the day ,of
service) after the 6ervlce on you of this
summons, ' If served within this county; or.
if served elsewhere, within thirty days. v--r : --i j
The said action is brought to obtain a Judg-
ment and decree of this court dissolving the
bonds of matrimony now existing between
plaintiff and defendant, upon the ground of
defendant's desertion of plaintiff and also on
the ground of his wilful neglect of her- also
for general relief, as will more fully appear
in the complaint on file, to which special ref-
erence is hereby made.
• All of which will more fully appear in the
complaint on file herein to which you are
hereby referred.
And you are hereby notified that if you fail
to appear and answer the said complaint ut
above required, the said plaintiff will apply
to the courttfor the relief therein demanded
. Given under "my hand and ■ senl of said
Superior Court at the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, this 28th day
of September, in the year of our Lord, one
• thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight
[Seal.l C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN, Deputy Clerk. ~
NOTICE Ib hereby given that ~ J. W. MILLER
having on or about the 28th day of September
1898,' refused to comply with the terms of a
.certain agreement dated July 15, 1898, entered
Into by said J. W. MILLER and myself, the
. undersigned will no longer b« bound by the
terms of said agreement, and that all debts
contracted by him and all contracts taken or
I entered into by him will be upon his own in-
dividual responsibility, and that I will not be
responsible therefor. " ......
(Slgned> FRANK T. QERST.
PERSONAI_L
AN educated German, 39 years of age, having
. tome . beautiful country residences, valueu
from $10,000 to $12,000, would like to corre-
spond with German lady or widow, not over
SO, -with some mean 6, who would enjoy
country life; object, matrimony; no triflers.
Home, box 4. Call of flee, Oakland.
WIDOWER with a business in the country
wishes to make the acquaintance of a widow
between the age of 35 and 45. Box 652, Call.
LEDERER always dresses your hair correctly;
25c only; hair restored to its natural color,
$1 50 up; good switches, $1; finest. $3 50; extra,
$5; open Sunday 9 to 12. 11l Stockton St.
LEDERER'S Qulnonia is the tonic that will
prevent the hair falling out; 35c bottle. G.
LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
MANUFACTURER'S stock. 850 beautiful col-
ored pictures. 10x14 Inches, mounted on glass
with brass chain around for hanging; 89 sub-,
jects for 15c each: soid everywhere for *>c.
JONES, 647 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d.
SEND 10c (currency) for 3 months' trial sub-
scription to Men and Matters, New Orleans,
La. ; regular price. $1 per year.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fram the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th ar.d Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
iAN~FRANCISCO~ Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant Ktyllsh dresses. $C
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. -m. 14-15.
~" "~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
Will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mall. Bend stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 28, 1206 Market st.. opp. Sixth.
MISS DWYER. the distinguished clairvoyant
medium, graduated under the highest profes-
sors of occultism; all wishing to know their
future consult her Immediately; poor people
half fee; by mall, $1; diagnoses all diseases.
426 Post st. .
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader: past,
present and future: 25c. 14S Sixth st., room 10.
MME. MOREAU, the be3t medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. LENEMAR, fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted overdue steamer in 1874. 23V_ Sixth st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an of flee at 315 O'Farrell st.
_I*IRIT_ALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant; treats pri-
vate and chronic diseases, no matter from
what cause or how long standing, with re-
vealed remedies; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrologlst: cir-
cles Tuesday and Thursday at 8 p. m. : has
removed from 84 Sixth St., to 2S Sixth St..
, rooms 2 and 8.
MME. Young's convincing test circle to-night;
10c; 605 McAllister St.; come. skeptics.
« — —
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leaven worth st.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m.;
Mon., 8, 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-wrltl__ me-
dlum. 118 Halght i-t.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
' A FEW snaps for this week only:
I Marshall & Wendell upright, rosewood
case $148
i Neuman upright. rosewood case, fine
6hape ••• 162
Bradford upright, rosewood case, fine
shape I J3
Baus upright, walnut case, nearly new — 189
Boothe upright, walnut case, nearly new.. ISS
Sterling upright, walnut case, nearly new. 265
Bteck upright, oak case, nearly new 355
All guaranteed 5 years; stool and cover in-
cluded. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16. 18, 20
O'Farrell St.. sole agents for Chickering and
other pianos.
AS we are selling good npright pianos for $6
'- cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; nrices< are the
same as If purchased for all cash: bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some goo 4 pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 i-er month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. '
HARDMAN Agency— Another carload opened
up Monday morning; see the beautiful Instru-
ments: none better In the world: their dura-
bility Is phenomenal; perfectly new; one case
damaged In shipping at a snap bargain for
cash; aji organ. $20. THE J. DEWING CO.,
second floor Flood building.
ABSOLUTELY the \ oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell Ft.: pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. '
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead, as they
are best In quality, tone and finish; prices are
low. MAUVAIS. 769 Market st. ;
A LARGE shipment of the finest pianos that
ever came to this coast Just arrived; call and
see. GARDNER & OLASSELL. 216 Post St.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
Brlgss an- other pianos; see o_r rent plan;
no lnteretst first year. 308. 810. 312 Post st.
HAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
$60— UPRIGHT piano; good tune; for sale on
$5 Installments. 1115 Post St.
$90— Elegant Emerson piano; bargain. Schmltz,
16 McAllister at., next Hlbernla Bank.
AN elegant Stelnway, upright for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1021 .'an Ness aye.
NEARLY new. upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest: uprights. $73 ap;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new t*.yle». KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell et. ,
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
$39 HAVES Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and eds taken.
HORSES.
HANDSOME team of standard bred mares;
Eloctioneer-Nutwood stock; blood bays, with
black points: 5 and 6 years old; over 16 hands
and over 1100 pounds; sound and gentle;
- broken single, double and to saddle; price
$250, to effect Immediate sale; can be seen at
847 Fremont St., and trial given. .
60 HORSES of every cription at Emporium
Palesyards, 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price; come and
make an offer. -
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
- ket. 827 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. BULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads work, draft and driv-
ing horses. Occldentnl Saieyardn.72l Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. . Lte-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
SECOND-HAND lumber, all kinds; also bldg
being torn down Townsend and : 2d; lumber
cheap; firewood. J. B. FRENCH, Valencia
_nd Fifteenth st. ' '
A NEW sealskin, latest style; price $90; cost
$ISO. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. ,
Engine boiler, pumps, pulleys, shafting, laundry
: mchy, dynarnoa, 2d hand. White, 516 Mission
LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for sale
■\ cheap at 42 Main st. , i
ALMOST new Hammond typewriter; universal
,or shift keyboard. Box 1410, Call office.
FOR — Fresh : family cow. Call 232 , Dun-
can st. ■ '
SELL or rent, combination billiard and pool
table, piano; reasonable. Box 506, Call office.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH ft WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store und office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth. . ~ .■ ' ■;- •■;.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc 516 MlS3lon st.
SAFES— New and second - band; cheaper than
-'.-. ever. " ■* Herman : Safe Manfc, 533 Sacramento.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20: records, $5 per dozen;
'-, projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupi. 938-952 Market.
J. K. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material.: 1124 Mission; tel. . South 787.
_AFEB— Bargains In new and second hand; all
Sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
tS9 • HAVES BT.— Branch ! office of The ■ Call.
S-bscrlptions and ■ ads takea -
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$2300— 81G bargain in new cottage In Rich-
mond; lot 25x127:6; on 14th aye. near Clement
st.; house contains 6 rooms, bath, etc., and
is very cheap.
$3500 — Central aye., near Turk St.; I flats of
4 and 5 rooms and bath each; lot 27:6x110.
$7250— Tw0 handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath; best portion of Devisadero St.;
rent $62 50; lot 25x100.
$3000 — Business property; 25th St., near
Church; lot 25x114 feet; 2-story building, con-
tainins store and 4 rooms; also 7 rooms and
bath upstairs; baker's oven in rear of lot.
$S5O-35th aye., near Clement St.; lot 25x120;
cottagu of 5 rooms.
jcocn- Vi.-.^n st., near Sutter; house of C
rooms and bath.
$2000— Filbert St., near Laguna; cottage of 6
rooms and bath; stable In rear of lot; lot 2jx
137:6.
$10,000— Fulton st.. near Franklin; large bay-
window residence of 10 rooms and bath; expen-
sively built; lot 40x120.
■
$4200— Welsh st., near 4th; 3 flats of 3. 3 and
4 rooms; also rear house containing 2 flats of
4 rooms each; total rent $44.
$6000— Rent $30; 3-story brick building contain-
ing storea and 14 rooms above; Minna near 3d.
Jfif'TiO— Facramento st.; 2 new flats, 6 and 7
rooms, etc.; lot 27x127; rent $52 50; both rented.
$750— 11 th aye., near J St.; 25x120.
$1200— 1st aye., north of Lake st.; 25x120.
$3100 — Good business corner; San Jose aye.
Ud 2'.<th st. ; 26x114.
$1500 — Corner of Butte and Hampshire ets. ;
lot iux7a feet.
$450 each— 26th aye.. near Lake st. ; 26x120
each; splendid marine view.
$6CO each— 2Sth aye., near Lake St.; 26x120
each; splendid view of Baker's beach.
$6000 — Lake St.. between 25th and 26th ayes.;
240x108; 9 lots; magnificent view.
$450 each— 2Cth aye., near California St.; 25x
120 feet.
$750 each— Lake Bt., between 21st and 22d
ayes.; 25x100 each; easy terms; fine view.
$600 each— 2lst aye., north of Lake St.; 25x
120 feet.
$650 — California st., near 4th aye.; 28x100;
easy terms; treat bargain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE for sale; to be removed at once; 823
Golden Gate aye. Inquire 825 Golden Gate.
$6."O— WILL build 4-room, bay-window cottage;
hard finished. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder.
£.21 X et.. Sunset District.
BARGAIN— Make offer; a new 8-room house
and furniture; 3010 Castro St.; addition San
Mateo electric line.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$800—20 acres level, rich soil near Highland
Springs; good orchard, house, barn, windmill.
$1275 — 80 acres half a mile from town; Lake
County; 5 acres bearing orchard; good house,
barn; wood and water in abundance.
C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St.. roo"i 4.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale in Oakland— New house, 7 rooms and
bath; 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly Installments. HERON &
HOLCOMB, 10CO Broadways
$300 CASH and $28 per month buys a beautiful
new 7-room house and 5>0x130 foot lot; call at
once. WILLIAM P. TODD & CO., 1050 Broad-
way. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-rootn flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms; stove and porcelain bath; water and
ash man free; Adeline station, Oakland; key
at 940 Union st. KOENIG & KROLL, 1006
Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments,
with carpets: reasonable. 1229 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELIr-
HAAS' old «tor«. <0S Eleventh m F~. Bjtra
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYINO RENT.
$1200. $1700, $1800. $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installment*, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 6, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda. and 630 Market St..
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
LIKE rent; to order. 3 modern 5-room cottages;
lot- each 33x150: $1500; $200 cash and $20 per
month. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
builders. 1806 Park *t.. Alameda, Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A HOME IN BERKELEY.
WHY pay rent all your life and never own
your home? Why not pay a little more than
rent and become your own landlord?
For particulars inquire of O. G. MAY &
CO., 2123 Center st., Berkeley.
LOVELx" place In the middle of an orchard:
house of 4 rooms; lot 100x135; only $1600. Ap-
ply to JAS. J MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
UNENCUMBERED income property, rents $Sl6,
for Its e<iuity In good farming land near by;
no brokers. Owner, S2S Lombard st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do net
borrow of your friends or you will lose their
friendship: do business with strangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East-
tern Loan Co., rooms 9 and IQ. 906 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. . F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1022 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; telephone Green JO4.
ADVANCES made at cut rates on watches, dia-
monds and jewelry. L. H. BCHARER. 22
Mason at.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion ; lowest Interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $85 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Post st.
ANY amount at 6^ per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortfjaues. estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ON furniture, pianos, w, xm* '"moval; no com-
miFslon; private.' LICK, 118 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$.r>o. r >0 TO $30,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg. ;
nnv pmpoeitloß. Pryden. 41S Montgomery St.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. BTb-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery at.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of finely furnished house 7 rooms
for sale: 4 rooms rented; very reasonable.
1315 Larkln st. j
STORAGE.
PIERCE^RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.. i
office Tenth and Market; telThonc South 166.
.«_ _— _ — — —
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by j
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed i
in at either of the publication orflces and be j
indorsed with the name and residence of per- i
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BADARACCO— In this city, October 1, IS9B, to i
the wife of Charles Badaracco, a son.
LARRABEE— In this city. October 16, 1898, to
the wife of John J. Larrabee. a son.
PROUTY— In St. Helena. October 15, 1898, to I
the wife of Harry E. Pn.utv a daughter.
ROTHSCHILD— In this city. Ottobat 14. 1898.
to the wife of Henry L. Rothschild, a daugh- j
tcr. !
MARRIED.
BUSH— WEBB— In this city, by the Rev. Wil-
liam N. Messerve, Joseph Bush and Florence :
F. Webb, both of San Francisco. j
DIETLE— HEFFRON— In this city, October 1,
IS9B, by the Rev. Father Flood, Arthur L.
Dietle and Bessie Heffron. both of San Fran-
cisco.
FISKE— PAULL— In this city. October 17, 1898.
by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.. George
Fiske of Yosemite, Cal., and Laura Caroline
Paull of Taunton, Mass.
GERBERDING — BAGUST —At St. Paul'B
Church, Los Angeles, October 3, 1398, Edwin
O. Gerberdlng and Agnes G. Bagust.
O'DAY — SHAUNESSY — At St. Patrick's
Church, by the Rev. Father Lowe, Robert
O'Day and Lillian Shaunesay. both of New
York.
SCHULZ-ZIMMERMAN^S— In this city. Octo-
ber 16. 1898, by the Rev. IP. Bonn, Otto Schuls
and Minnie Zimmermann, both of San Fran-
cisco.
SULLIVAN— HUPSEY— to Vallejo, October 16.
IS9S. by the Rev. Father Thompson of St.
Mncent's Church. John J. Sullivan of San
Fra.icisco and Notle A. Hussey of Vallejo.
DIED.
Arnberg, Claes J. McLure. Mrs. M.
Burke. Michael Murphy, Mary M.
Carlson. John P. Nelson, Edward M.
Crofts. Mrs. Frances Overgard, Alida
Dougherty. Daniel Paulsen. Miss Bertie
Duff. Hugh Simonds, Eliza C.
Dunn, Clarence Stevens. Susie
Flnsterbusph. Edwin Sullivan. Timothy
Gordon. Andrew L. Swale. Annie
Hellmuth, Theophtne Thlaville. Joseph
Larrabee. George T. Townsend. Edward
Levy. Isaac Whitelaw, Charles
McCarthy. Charles ■ Woodward. Madame
McCarthy, Mary
ARNBERG— In Oakland. October 15. 1898. Claes
Joel Arnberg, dearly belnred brother of Adolf
A. Arnberg. Tar! Oscar Arnberg. Mrs. C. J.
Larstn and Mrs. J. K. Hansen of Oakland, a
native of Sweden, aged 28 years 3 months and
8 days. He leaves a father and mother and
two sisters In Sweden.
in7"Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the Swed-
ish Lutheran Church, at Ninth and Washing-
ton streets, Oakland.
BURKE— In this city. October 16. IS9B. Michael,
dearly beloved husband of Nellie Burke, a
native of New York, aged 3S years.
CARLSON— In this city, October 17, 1898. John
P. Carlson, a native of Norway, aged 22
years.
IC?" Remains at the parlors of H. F. Buhr &
Co., 1209 Mission street, near Eighth.
CROFTS— A month's mind mass will be held
tot the recise of the soul of Mrs. Frances
Crofts, to-morrow (Wednesday at 9 o'clock,
at St. Dominic's Church, corner Bush and
Stelner streets. The members of the Altar
Boeiety and friends are invited to attend.
DOUGHERTY— In tnis city, October 17, 1898,
]>aniel. beloved husband of Bridget Dough-
erty, father of Charles J., Maggie A., Daniel
J. and Mamie J. Dougherty, and brother of
Charles and the late Dennis Dougherty, a
native of Ireland, aged 49 years.
IT-yFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1337 Minna street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo Church. Eighteenth and
BaotweU streets, where a solemn requiem nigh
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commenclnx at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery-
DUFF— In this city. October 17, 1898, Hugh,
dearly beloved son of Hugh and Llllle M.
Duff, a native of San Francisco, aged 4 year*
and 1 month.
DUNN— In thia city, October 15, 1898, Clarence,
beloved son of John and Caroline Dunn, a
native of San Francisco, aged 5 years 4
months and 4 days.
C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy" & Gallagher. 20 Fifth street. Inter-
ment. I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FINSTERBUSCH— In thia city. October 16, 1898.
Edwin Julius Charles, dearly beloved and
only son of Julius W. and Theresa Finster-
busch, brother of Tessie Finsterbusch. and
grandson of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Finster-
busch and Mr. and Mrs J. W. Rufner. a na-
tive of Alameda. aged 2 years 4 months and
27 days. [Alameda papers please copy.]
[C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m..
from the residence of his grandparents. Mr.
and Mrs J. W. Rufner, 1803 Folsom street,
corner of Fourteenth. Interment. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
GORDON— In this city. October 17. 189 S. An-
drew Leslie, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Gordon, and brother of J. H. Gordon.
a native of Pine Grove. Mendoclno County,
Cal., aged 18 years and 2S days. (Mendoclno
County papers please copy.)
CJr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the First
Baptist Church, Eddy and Jones streets. In-
termaot CypreM Lawn Cemetery.
HEI.LMUTH- In this city. October 17. ISSB.
Theonhine Martin, dearly beloved husband of
Nt-llie Hellmuth, and father of August. Mary
and Alice Hellmuth. a native of Alsac, Dam-
bach, aged 4fi years.
ETRpmHins at the parlors of H. F. Sunr Sc
Co.. 1209 Mission street, near Eighth.
LARRABEE— In this city, October 17. 189$.
George T.. infant son of John J. and Millie
C. Lfirrabee. a native of San Francisco.
Lrvy— ln this city, October 16, 1898, Isaac.
d, ■<-ly beli-ved husband of Rachael Levy, an 3
father of Mrs. Ida Kuttner, Mrs. Leo Kauf-
mann, Mrs. Sam Brown and Eva. Charlie,
Dora and Arbie Levy, a native of Thorn. Ger-
many, aged 59 years.
(Tj?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Sl5 Laguna street; 11:30 train. Inter-
ment Salem Cemetery.
McCARTHY-An anniversary requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
souls of the late Charles and Mary McCar-
thy, at St. BrlKld's Church, corner of Board-
way and Van Ness avenue, to-morrow
(Wednesday), commencing at 9 o'clock.
Friends are respectfully Invited to attend.
MeLURE— In East Oakland. October 16, 1898.
Mrs. Margaret McLure. mother of Miss I. C.
McLure, Mrs. A. B. Boardwell and Mrs. J.
O. Hodgkln, a native of Scotland, aged 76
years 8 months and 27 days.
|f3"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 12E7 Twelfth avenue. East Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
MURPHY — The fifth anniversary requiem mass
will be celebrated in St. Ignatius Church,
Hayes street, near Van Ness avenue, to-mor-
raw (Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, for the repose
of the soul of Mary M. Murphy, late of San
Rafael, dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Joshua
Robertson and Hannah and Daniel Murphy.
Friends are respectfully invited to attend.
NELSON— In Uklah. October 15, 1898. Edward
M., dearly beloved son of Mrs. M. Hanson
and the late Hans C. Nelson, and brother of
Charles, .Tohn and Maggie Nelson, Mrs. J.
Kerr. M. Garrlgan and W. Denehy, a native
of San Francisco, aged 33 years and 13 days.
(t^T Friends and acquaintances are respeci-
fully invited to attend the .uneral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 p. m., from his mother's resi-
dence 292 Chestnut street, corner Dupont.
thence to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason street,
where services will be held rnder the auspices
of San Francisco Parlor No. 49, N. S. O. W..
thence to Laurel Hill Cemetery.
OVERGARD— In this city. October 17. 1898,
Alida. dearly beloved wife of the late Eng-
wal Overgard, and mother of Ulrlka, Ida and
Engwal Overgard, a native of Norway, aged
50 years.
PAULSEN— In Lewiston, Trinity County, Oc-
tober 15, 1898, Miss Bertie, only daughter of
Mrs. Jacob Paulsen, aged 23 years and 4
months A member of St. John's Chapter
No. 14, Eastern Star. (Oakland and Los An-
geles papers please copy.)
(D r The funeral was held at Weavervllle
Monday.
SIMONDS— In this city. October 18. 1898. Eli**
C wife of Rev. S. D. Simonds. a native of
New York, aged 83 years
tcyFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tues-
day) at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 335 Clay street. Interment. Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
STEVENS— In this city, October 16, ISBB., Susie,
beloved wife of Lewis A. Stevens, and Beloved
daughter of Mary and Benjamin F. Ames,
and beloved sister of Mrs. Charles H Young,
Mrs Arthur Stevens, Mrs. James D. Qllbert
and Eunice C, Charles E.. Frank and Alfred
Ames, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years 'l month and 9 daya.
r^l,-riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 p. m., from her late resi-
dence 541 Stevenson 6treet. Interment, I.
O. O.F. Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, October 17. IS9B, Tim-
othy, twin son of Timothy and Rebecca Sulli-
van,' brother of John, Catherine and Rebecca
Sullivan, and nephew of Katie and Annie
McMahon, a native of San Francisco, aged
6 months and 11 days.
(C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 3560 Twenty-sixth street, between
Dolores and Church. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SWALE— In Oakland, October 15. IS9B, Annie
wife of Harry L., and mother of Llllle Swale,
a native of Canada, aged 48 years 6 months
and 21 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock a. m.. from her
late residence. 672 Tweniy-nrst street, Oak-
land. Interment, strictly private.
THIAVILLE— In this city. October 17. 189 i
Joseph Thiavllle a native of France, aged
46 years.
TOWNSEND— In Oakland. October 16. 1898. Ed-
ward W. Townsend. a native of New Bruns-
wick, aged 54 years.
WHITELAW— In this city. October 16. 1898,
Charles Whitelaw, a native of San Francisco,
aged 37 years.
jC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
W< >or>WARD— In this city, October 17. 1898,
Madame J. Woodward, a native of Petaliima.
Cal.. aged 31 years 1 month and 14 days.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the Academy
of the Sacred Heart, 925 Franklin street. In-
torment Holy Cn.'sr Cemetery.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAXJCEIuI
£0 fITTB ST.. opp. Linooln 3oiwol
Telephone. South Ml I
1314
UPON A MULTITUDE OF CONFLICTING OPINIONS
MRS. BOTKIN BASES HER FIRST FIGHT FOR FREEDOM
Snperior Court Judges in Bank
Listen to a War of
References.
Judge Carroll Cook, with his Judicial
confreres. Judges Borden, "Wallace,
Trout t and Seawell, listened yesterday to
the arguments of counsel and prosecution
on the petition of the defense for the
freedom of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin, alleged
poisoner, by habeas corpus.
It was the first day of serious business
that has been permitted since the spec
tacular prosecution of Mrs. Botkin was
begun. The horseplay, the opera bouffe
effects and the lack-wit Interruptions that
have characterized the case on each occa
sion that it has had hearing were for the
day eliminated.
It was a battle without bitterness and
with sharp argument instead of innuendo
as the sole weapon.
There were no new points developed.
The two original contentions that Knight
and Hosmer have held to since extradi
Judge Cook and His Brothers in the Law Considering a Point That May Reverse
a Governor's Decision.
MEREDITH DEPOSED
Chief of the Chinese Bureau to Be
Assigned to Other Work.
As a result of the scandalously ineffi
cient and. careless manner In which the
work of the Chinese Bureau has been
conducted the Secretary of the Treasury
notified Collector Jackson yesterday that
he had sent three men from .Washington
to take charge of the bureau. Messrs.
Meredith, Flesh and Urquhart will be as
slgT.ed to the customs fervico, and the
many scandals which have dieF«-aced the
management of the bureau will probably
be at an end.
There is no reflection on the manner In
■which Inspectors Flesh and Urquhart
have performed their duties, but they
■will have to go in order to make room
for the two Inspectors who accompany
the new chief from Washington.
The news has filled the highbinder ele
ment with consternation.
Troubles Over Young Acrobats.
C. N Thomson, manager ol Wallace's
circa?, <md Arrhur Nelson v,'-rn arrested
yesterday on a warrant charging them
■with allowing a minor to perform acro
batic feats. The minors arc two broth
ers, Sidney ami William Nelson, one 13
years of age and the other 11. They are
performing at the circus with other mem
bers of the family. The complaining wit
ness la Colonel Parneil of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
The defendants were released on bonds.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ONFIRE
Itchy Scaly Eczema Seven Years.
Face and Head Full of Large
White Scales and Sores.
So Disgusted I Was Ashamed
To Be Seen in Company.
Instant Relief and
SPEEDY CURE BY CUTICURA.
My case of Eczema was of abont seren yean'
standing. It was of the scaiy, itchy kind. I
sometimes thouplit my face and arms were
afire. My face was full of largo, white scales,
and my head was full of sore 3, In fact I waa
disgusted, 1 was ashamed to go In company.
I took fivo bottles of Cdticcha Resoltent,
washed my face aud arms with Cuticcka
BoAP.putonCcTiomu. (ointmont), and found
great rflitf instantly, and I got a clean face
again, thanks to the Cctk-uka Remedies.
•jfou T<\v>& do as you see lit with this.
VALENTINE EGNER,
»P*ch7, lB9B. 108 Stagg St., Brooklyn, N.T.
ACNE 2 YEARS 1^ CUTICURA
1 suffered two years with Acne. I have
tried all kinds of medicines but they did me no
gr>od. I used aix bottles of Cimcuiu. REeoL-
vK>T,ni»«!jflkesof Coticura Soap, and 1 am
cured. My skin is as smooth as any baby. :
Feb. 22, 1898. LEE L. FISHER,
023 Jf N- Compton Aye., St. Louis, Mo.
CmctrtA RraiDiM are beyond all doobt the rreateit
■kin cure*, blood purifier*, end humor rem«-die» of mod-
ern time.. Warm batbi vrlth Ctnrrcr*A Soap, gentle an-
olntln** with Outicoba (ointment), pureet ol emollient
akin e»re», and mild doae. of Ccticcba Be.olv.bt,
rreatwt ol blood piirl««r» and humor curet. haTe curea
tnouwndiof ca»e. where •uffcrin* wes almost beyond
endurance, hair UftleMor.il gone. dUflgurement terrible.
Sold throurturot "the world. Pottk Dirco ajtd C«M.
Co £'t£lZ P &M%b*H* Pi».a»«,-»«nc4fr»
tion was first requested were simply Riven
more elaborate exposition, Mr. liosmer
contending that the crime alleged against
Mrs. Botkin was committed in Delaware
and Is triable there, Bhe, of a conse
quence, being "constructively a fugime
from the justice of that State and extra-
Mr "knight avoided saying where the
crime was committed, but argued that
the law does not recognize a so-called
"constructive" presence in another State;
that to be rightly a fugitive from the jus
tice of Delaware Mrs. Botkin must have
been present at the scene of the crime and
must have thereafter actually fled to an
other Jurisdiction.
The defendant came again into court
and as usual whs accompanied by her
sister, Miss Dora Brown. She was attired
in the same jaunty blue "tailor" gown
and shows no telling signs of her long
confinement unless, perhaps, by an in
creased nervousness.
Mr. Knight opened the argument by fil
ing a verbal answer to the prosecution's
return on the writ of habeas corpus. Said
he:
"We object to the return for that It
says that Mrs. Botkin is a fugitive from
the Justice of Delaware, and we answer it
with the fact that was not present
when the crime alleged was ■•ommltted.
Your Honors." continued Mr Knight, "we
propose to take advantage of no technical
ities po far as Chief Lees and Detective
McVey are concerned. I propose to argiie
HUMAN SKIN
AS A MODERN
LOVE-TOKEN
A Girl's Present From
Her Sweetheart.
"A MATTER OF SENTIMENT"
DESK COVERS, PTJBSES, SLIP
PERS MADE OF THE CUTICLE.
Investigation Into the Various Uses
to Which the Grewsome Relics
of Poor Humanity Are
Being Put.
The trafficking In human skin must
cease. This has been determined by the
faculty (if the medical colleges, which,
with the public, was shocked at the dis
closures of the revolting practice.
The uses to which the human skin is
put after It is cut from the bodies of the
unclaimed dead, at the Slate arid city
public institutions, have been further In
vestigated. That the skin is unlawfully
used every physician seen admits. It has
been asked, however, to what extent this
use has been carried.
A physician of the beet standing, who
asked to have his name withheld, said on
this point:
"I have a fine writing desk, which I
consider a work of art. A iailor was
brought to the City and County Hospital.
On his chest was, tattooed in red and
black inks, two large American eagles. I
examined the man's heart, and so saw
the tattooing, which was beautifully done.
Well, the man died, and his skin was no
longer of any use to him. He was buried
all right and I em sure never missed his
eagles. They make about as handrome
a writing desk as I have eVer seen. I
went through Cooper, and while all the
bodies were not skinned by any means,
I should say about one in a hundred went
to make slippers or anything else for the
students.
"Now, an interne at the City and Coun
ty does about what he likes. There is a
tannery at Twenty-sixth and Howard
streets, which tans skins beautifully."
Dr. Barbat of the Physicians' building,
on Suttt:r street, who was formerly dem
onstrator of anatomy at Toland, made
little secret of the student uses for skin.
He said:
"Of course It is against the rules. It Is
stealing; but what sre you going to do
with any one who steals? This using the
nkln is a more mutter of sentiment, noth
ing more. No, I s-hould not care to have
my wife's skin cut off or tanned or worn
after she was dead. I know the students
at Toland do steal the skin. I did myself
and know students who have had it made
Into slippers, book covers or anything
else that handsome leather can be made
up into. "Why, I wore a watch guard of
human skin for years. It was strong and
soft and I tanned it myself. I would be
wearing it to-day, only my wife did not
like the idea of having it about and so
gave me this handsome guard on condi
tion that I gave up my oia one. It is all
a matter of sentiment. I was In
charge of the dissecting room, skin was
taken. I could not keep it. I have tried
to stop it certainly, but boys will be boys,
and. they think It smart.
"There la not ao much taken now, how
TIIE SAX FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1898.
upon one proposition, namely, can this
woman, accused of crime by and in a for
eign State in which she has never been, be
taken from her sovereign State, from her
friends, her home and away from the
witnesses that the constitution demands
that she shall be confronted with, and
tried for her life?
"I say that she cannot, and every ref
erence and every decision that I can find
says 'no.' "
Mr. Knight followed with an exposition
of that portion of the Declaration of In
dependence which provides against per
sons charged with crime being taken over
seas and away from friends «nd wit
nesses, for trial. He then brought the
constitution to bear him out in his con
tention that the law does not recognize a
"constructive" fugitive, and also quoted,
as more modern testimony to the same
point, the case of Hall that came up as
an extradition matter between North
Carolina and Tennessee.
"The murderer was imprisoned in
Xorth Carolina, charged with being a fu
gitive from the justice of Tennessee, for
having killed within the latter State one
Andrew Bryson." stated Mr. Knight.
TJie prisoner was tried and convicted of
murder, but the judgment was reversed
by the Supreme Court, which also denied
extradition, concluding its opinion as
follows:
Courts enforce laws, not simply to punish
the gulity but as well to protect the Innocent.
ever, as the subjects are scarce. We have I
trouble with the physicians at the City
and County Hospital. They perform au
topsies on bodies which should come to
the colleges. Of course these bodies, mu
tilated, are of no use in the dissecting
room. I have not the least doubt, In fact
I know, that the doctors do cut off skin
whenever they want it and do use it as
they choose.
"It is pretty leather, and most of the
students have sweethearts, and the jirls
get the leather when they want it."
It seems really a fit subject for a pes
simist when a girl, refined in all her
tastes, as the world goes, will wear the
skin of a human being. She would prob
ably faint away at the idea of a dissect
ing room or an operating room. The
sight of blood or death would overcome
her and send her Into hysterics.
Just such a girl displaying her belt said
unabashed: "I do not see anything so
dreadful about It. At first I did not quite
like it. It certainly is beautiful, and you
can see how soft and strong it is, and
how nicely it fits into the figure."
"But think of the man who owned It."
"Oh, It was not a man."
"How do you know?"
"Why it was a woman, and her name
was Carrie. My friend knew her. There
were some hairs on It at first, but they
wore off."
"Were you ever In a hospital?"
"Yes; I do a great deal of work among
the poor. I would do a great deal for
them."
"Did you ever tell any of them you
were visiting the story of your pretty
belt?"
"Oh, that is a different matter, but they
do not feel things as we who are educat
ed do."
"No?"
"Why everybody knows that. Their
sensibilities are not like ours."
"You go to church, do you not?"
"Yes. certainly. I am not a heathen."
"Does it not "seem a little 'spooky' at
night alone in your room with those
things?"
"To tell you the honest truth, I always
whipped my belt and things into a bureau
drawer at first. I do not mind it a bit,
now. Only people are so odd. I had my
purse in my hand and put It up to ray
mouth. A girl who was with me was hor
rified. I think It was because she has no
human skin things of her own."
"Who gave you yours?" ' _ .
"A student at Cooper. He had the belt
made nt Shreve's, and I think It Is lovely.
It Is half a sotivenlr, too, for he gave me
the thing just before he went East. I
knew the separation would be hard for us
"You are engaged to him, then?"
"Oh, yes; there's no secret about It."
Fancy the love token— a belt and card
case made from the tanned skin of a
dead woman. She was a human being, too,
and lived and suffered and enjoyed and
died but It cannot be said that Bhe was
buried She was near enough to human
ity to be differentiated and called by a
name given to her as a child.
The law allows and science demands
that bodies of human beings be used for
I study, but there is a very stringent law
ajralnst willfully mutilating or defacing
i the dead. The law requires the burial or
cremation of every portion of the bodies
after dissection except such as are of use
to science, such as the bones. Now that
the attention of right-thinking people is
turned to the real horror of the manufac
ture there can be little doubt that the
misuse of these grisly relics will be sup
pressed.
I>r. N. D. Robertson, who made some
admissions as to the readiness with which
human skin could be procured, Is rot Dr.
H. D. Robertson of 705 Sutter street, who
states that he is unable to throw any
light 6*n tha revolting traffic.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
dnifTßlßtE refund the money If It falls to cur«.
25c The Kenulne has L. B. Q. on each tablet
Slierith Israel Officers.
The Congregation Shortth Israel, the
oldest Jewish organization in California,
having Hh synagogue at the corner of
Poet and Taylor streets, held its forty
c-ighth annual meeting on Sunday last.
President Louis Brown and Secretary A.
L. Badt presented reports on the congre
gation, showing It to be in a highly pros
porous condition. The following board of
directors was chosen for the next fiscal
year: Louis Brown president; Charles
Harris, vice president; Alexander L.
The law which fails to provide for the extra
dition of a guilty man must be understood ana
adhered to, because it may be invoKeu as a
protection to the innocent, who are prosfoutpa
without cause against the annoyance, «<P"" t «;
and loss of personal liberty involved in }*l?K
extradited. There was error. The pr.sont;r
should have been discharged.
After having given to their Honors a
list of his further references Mr. Knight
gave way to Assistant District Attorney
Hosmer, -who, for the principal ,argu
ment, took up the case that Mr. Knight
had closed with.
The noon hour shut off the Hosmer ar
ment, but at 2 o'clock he resumed, say
ing:
To the opinion that Mr. Knight cited there are
two dissenting opinion;:.
Justice Clark handed down a dissenting opin
ion, and Justice M«cKa>> concurred. The points
raised in the dissenting opinion are that a par
son who places himself outsida the limits
of the State from thence to commit the crime
within said State, and ever afterward iivolus
going Into said State to avoid arrest, as truly
"fleps from Justice" as he who having com
mitted a crime flees from the State subsequent
ly. If an infernal machine sent by mall >>r ex
press from a distant State explodes nnd kills
the receiver It Is murder committed In the
latter State. The sender skulking in another
Statf- to avoid arrest Is as truly a fugitive from
Justice as if he had accompanied the machine
to Its destination and then tied. The consti
tutional provision for extradition, and the laws
passed In pursuance thereof, it should lie re
membered, are not criminal but remedial pro
visions. They therefore should be liberally con
btrued to effect the purpose Intended to be
served. Civilized man must recoil from the
practical ruling that the territory lUljncrnt to
State boundaries Is "no man's land, ' and that
murder is privileged If committed across a
State line.
A fugitive from Justice Is pimply one who,
having committed a crime within a State keeps
himself beyond the ordinary process of the
courts of such State. Comity certainly should
recognize that murder is a high uff.-nsc against
the laws of a eister State, and we should re
fuse to shelter the offender when demanded for
trial.
Many other technical points were raised,
but seemed to meet with but little ap
proval. At the conclusion of Hosmer s
argument General Chamberlain, special
counsel for Chief Lees, addressed the
court. He adhered to the same line of
argument pursued by Hosmer and had
not concluded when an adjournment was
taken until 10:30 this morning-.
Badt, secretary; Judah Boas, treasurer;
trustees— Meyer Davidson, Philip N.
Aronson, Nathan Schleslnger, Marks
Green and Morris Spiro; collector and
sexton, Abraham Leszynsky.
Suitable recognition was given to Rabbi
Jacob Nieto and Cantor D. S. Davis for
their efficient services.
SPEAR AFTER BUTTE.
Has Filed Charges Against the Rev-
enue Cutter Commander.
Navigator Butte of the revenue cutter
Golden Gate has locked horns again with
Surveyor of Customs Spears and a formal
complaint has been filed against the navi
gator by the Surveyor accusing him of
disobeying the orders of his superior offi
cers. Yesterday on the arrival of the
Doric the customs officers. In charge of
Deputy Surveyor Chauncey Milton St.
John, drew alongside the Doric and de
manded to be allowed on board the ves
sel for the purpose of preventing smug
gling. Butte stated that the quarantine
examination was not yet concluded and
that he would not admit the officers. He,
however, agreed to admit certain in
spectors, whom he named, but Deputy
St. John demanded that they all be ad
mitted or none, and that he was willing
that they should share the fate of the
vessel whether the vessel went into quar
antine or not. Butte refused, and kept
the inspectors waiting until Dr. Rosenau
was ready. Hence the trouble.
"RAW WORK."
The Secretary of the Treasury Stops
Competition of Italian Arg-ols.
Customs Collector Jackson received yes
terday a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury, designed to correct an Incur
sion Into Uncle Sam's revenue strong box.
It is as follows:
Referring to tho reciprocal agreement be
tween this country and France, 1 have to In
form you that the department Is advised that
large quantities of crude argols have been
shipped from Italy to Mar«r?!!ip:, for exporta
tion to the United States and have been ad
mitted without difficulty an products of France
at the reduced rate of duty provided In said
agreement.
You will please cause the matter to be. inves
tigated and hereafter require such evidence as
you may deem proper as to the country of pro
duction of all articles claimed to be entitled
to the privileges conferred by said agreement.
Souvenir Day.
As an Instance of what may be accom
plished In commercial life by determined
and enterprising young men, probably no
firm in this city would serve as a better
example than that of Marks Brothers,
who to-day open to the public their en
larged premises at 1212 and 1214 Market
street. In ISBI, at the ageof 12 years, Mr. L.
Marks started business in a small way on
his own account at 106 Sixth street, and
five years later was joined by his brother,
Mr. AY. Marks. To-day these two establish
ments employ seventy-five girls in the fac
tories alone, while thirtv-nve girl clerks
are required in their retail departments.
The firm manufactures ladles', children's
and Infants' wear, and are Importers of
laces, embroideries, hosiery and corsets.
They sell only to the retail traxle at
wholesale prices.
The Messrs Marks are both native sons,
having been born in this city, and the
present magnitude of their enterprises Is
a glowing tribute to their native business
ability. The Market-street store has been
greatly enlarged and admirably equipped
to handle the large volume of trade, which
this firm has justly earned. To each visi
tor to-day will be offered a slight remem
brance or souvenir, between^ the hours of
10 to 12 a. m. and 2 to 5 p. nf •
An Old Man Missing.
David Asher. SO years of age, left h!s
home at 215 Franklin street Saturday af
ternoon and has not been seen or heard I
of since. He Is very feeble and hie friends j
fear that some accident has befallen him.
The police were notified yesterday to I
look out for him.
The ■- fac-simil© ST$ •'•/^.■^z.^ *• on ever tapper
signature of Wu^^jfji&^^^i of CASTOEIA.
ESCAPED FROM
JAPAN TO LAND
IN JAIL HERE
James Flood Arrested
on Arrival.
ACCUSED OF A GRAVE CRIME
TAKEN FROM THE DORIC BY
FEDERAL OFFICERS,
Formerly a Resident of San Fran
cisco and Only Recently Went
to the Orient to Engage
In Business.
James Flood, formerly of San Francisco,
but more recently of Kobe, Japan, spent
last night In the Alameda County Jail,
and the Indications are that It will be
a lonp time before he breathes the air of
freedom again.
Flood arrived from the Orient on the
steamer Doric yesterday, and was ar
rested before he could make his escape
from the steamer by United States Mar
shal Shine and United States Secret Ser
vice Agent Browne, upon a cablegram
from the United States Consul at Kobe,
stating that Flood was a fugitive from
justico and asking that he be apprehend
ed. Marshal Shine received the cable
gram several days ago and has been en
the watch for the Doric ever since. When
the steamer's arrival was reported by the
Merchants' Exchange, the officers stared
out on a tug, hoping to intercept her
before she reached her dock. In this i.icy
failed, but they managed to get along
side before the passengers disembarked,
and hunting up the purser they soon had
Flood in custody. He was all ready to
leave the ship, axid was exceedingly ner
vous. He did not manifest any surprise,
evidently anticipating that officers would
be watching for him, but hqr>lng to elude
them before they could identify him.
When taken into the purser's room
Flood broke down completely. He was
joined by a friend, who Informed him
that his sister arrived from New York
a few days ago to meet him here. Flood
asked to be allowed to see his sister, but
the officers advised against it until to-day,
In order that he might regain his com
posure.
The prisoner was taken at once to the
Alameda County Jail and Marshal Shine
notified the Attorney General at Wash
ington and the Consul at Kobe of the ar
rest. During the trip across the bay
Flood attempted to tell the officers of his
troubles, but could scarcely utter a dozen
words before his emotions would over
come him and his statement was almost
incoherent.
The officers gleaned, however, that
Flood went to Japan a few months ago
to engage In business with hia twin
brother, who was the must extensive deal
er in carpets and mattings in the Orient,
besides being Identified with a banking
concern. Upon his arrival in Kobe his
brother turned over the business. to him
and departed hastily for the United
States, going to New York, where he
now is. Flood found that his brother had
become involved in financial difficulties to
the extent of between JIOO.oOO and $:200,000.
He would not state the nature of the
trouble, but said he had consulted with
the best legal talent in Japan and it was
on the advice of his attorneys that he de
cided to follow his brother to the United
States. •
Flood, who Is about 38 years old, said he
had lived in this city the greater portion
of his life, and that his father died here
several months ago, leaving a valuable es
tate to the three children.
The cablegram received by Marshal
Shine does not state what offense Flood
is accused of and until the officer hears
from Japan, and from. the Attorney.Gen
eral, he cannot say what will: be donewith
the prisoner. From remarks made .by
Flood the Impression prevails that he will
have to face a charge of embezzlement.
OAKLAND, Ocj. James Flood was
brought to the Aiameda County Jail this
evening by Deputy United States Mar
shals Farrlsh and Harry Moffltt. The
prisoner complained of being very tired
and his pale face and general demeanor
bore this out. The greatest latitude con
sistent with the rules governing the safe
ty of prisoners was extended to Flood, and
at 9:30 this evening he enjoyed a substan
tial supper in the reception room. He re
ceived a number of visitors who made
calls of condolence. During the evening
John Livingston was one of the first call
ers. Later Mr. 'Flood's mother in law and
her son hold a long consultation with the
prisoner.
To Jailer Orrin Page the prisoner gave
strict orders that he did not wish to be
bothered by reporters, as he had no state
ment to make. -
"I have nothing whatever to say," said
Mr. Flood to a Call reporter. "When I
am ready to make a statement I will do
so without being' pressed. What I was
arrested for I would like to know my
self, for I really do not know. I did
have an idea but I do not care to ex
press it. I am not a resident of San
Francisco, and I do not wish to say who
will be my attorney in this matter. I
did not come from Kobe under an as
sumed name, I inn't do business that
•way. I cannot refer you to anybody for
particulars ■ regarding my arrest, be
cause I need no one to advise me and
always attend to my affairs personally."
Flood intimated that the charges were
not of a serious cnaracter and made light
of the subject. He seemed particularly
hopeful that his sister should not learn
of nls arrest to-night. "While the prisoner
observed the strictest secrecy, so far as
giving anything to tho press was con
cerned, he talked to Jailer Page, but even
to him he. denied that he knew why he
was arrested. The cablegram on which
be was arrested simply commanded , the
authorities to hold him on ' a charge of
fraud, and in conversing with Page he re
marked that it did not amount to any
thing. It was evident that Flood did not
propose to make any definite statement
until he had consulted his attorney. He
told the jailer that he had extensive
banking interests in Japan, that he was
also interested in shipping and that flve
of the company's vessels are now en
route from Japan to New York, where he
has an office. He said, too, that he had
left here on the Contlc in regard to the
annexation proposition. * From the trend
of his conversation with the jailer it ap
pears he became dissatisfied with the
business at Kobe, for he remarked that
"he threw up the business and /Vent
away." Hfs wife and family, however,
remained in Japan. ...
(A . —•-. — ...
Ladies' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sotter St., r. 6 and 7.
NEW PARK COMMISSIONER.
Frederick W. Zeile Installed as Guar-
dian of Golden Gate Park.
Yesterday afternoon Fred W. Ziele was
Installed as a Commissioner of Golden
Gate Park. He succeeds Joseph Austin,
and was appointed by Governor Budd a
few days ago. The installation was very
informal and took place in the Park
Lodge. Mr. Austin merely introduced the
gentleman who is to be one of the park
guardians for the coming four years, and
remaked that he was happy to have the
pleasure of presenting so worthy a suc
cessor.
Mr. Zeile is not yet conversant with the
exact condition of the park, hut rnntcni
plates making extensive Improvements
should the funds permit. He thinks that
the park should be connected with the
Presidio reservation and that the sweep
ings of the streets of this city should be
used in fertilizing the grounds. After the
ceremony at Park Lodge the new Com
missioner, In company with Superintend
ent McLaren, Adolph Spreckels and Jos.
Austin, drove through the park and dis
cussed future improvements.
•. ■ . .. \....,-. ADVEBTISEMENIS. . , '...■• . .. } '
2$ 82 82 88 82 » 82 83 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 S5 Zi 82 82 f2 82 S2 82 8282 88 8382858882
SS ■ .-' " —mi- ' JJ
§ HOSIERY i
i DEPARTMENT!!
B l
g' We Have Just Received and Placed on Sale: ■%
\ 20 Cases LADIES' HOSIERY. , 1
I 10 Cases MISSES' HOSIERY. \
I 10 Cases LADIES' UNDERWEAR. 3
! 10 Cases LAD) CORSETS. |
* _ ss
is SPECIAL VALUE IN LADIES' HOSIERY. S
jj ■'-■••■ •' ■. ] '<■' ' "
g! , At '25; Cents. |
*" 200 dozen LADIES' BLACK ALL-WOOL HOSE, in plain, and ribbed, j. "
•* worth $4 dozen; willbe sold for 25c pair. ~
i At 25 ■ Oents. ss
25 100 dozen. LADIES' FAST BLACK EXTRA HEAVY COTTON HOSE, 88
2S with feet; at 25c the pair. jj
?. • j^tSO Oents. »
5 ; 200 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK CASHMERE HOSE nin fine and ". «.
fo heavy qualities; good value for 65c; will be on sale rt 50c pair. :> 88
S5 At 15'oentg. S5
23 100 dozen CHILDREN'S EXTRA HEAVY FAST BLACK COTTON gj
iS HOSE, in fine and bicycle ribs, suitable for rough usage, In all sizes; „
jj worth $3 dozen; will be on, sale at 15c pair. ;''^X !:
* At 25 Cents. ss
' S 150 dozen HEAVY GRAY MERINO VESTS, in plain and Jersey riba; 53
k> . good value for 40c and 50c each; will be cleared out at 25c each.
5.'. CORSETS. C 1
S f^CD C©llt9. 5«
8 50 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, made of French coutil, long /waist, two *°
S8 side steels, embroidered in silk (drab only); regular price $1; will ba ■ *» .
8' 25 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, made of Imported sateen, single bone strip, jj
6■ i Venus back, well boned, perfect fitting, silk flossed and finished with o«
ES French edging; regular price $2; will be sold for $1 25. .. **
p./ ■ ; : — - --, n ■ »
\ fg( Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / S
►S C^ San Francisco. #
g gg 88 88 JBB 88 88 'gg '» gg 82 88-8 nn&T*nttnn&&nn&nzm&nnnn
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny.
NO PAINI NO F»/*IIS!
Jfi?!** Lowest Prices in the City!
jggf %li^\ .. GUARANTEED.
.•Baa 'I TEETH WITHOUT
£§» .s^ *Ql PLATES A SPECIALTY.
*j& t?gn tSS Full Pet of Teeth, ex-
,W i—XJ. ti*ctin« free..!?4JsO up
•\% >ORraL. Go l d Crowns. 22^..^...^-
f|Ljt^««»*jjjh^. Fillings 250 up
ELECTRO-DENTAL
»^egfe>.\W^*fy^i Suite 7, Flood Building.
9*"° "^^ 809 iIARKET ST.
DftJce Hre.— 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. : Sun.. »to 2 p.m.
q visit DRTjORDAN'S «*••*
j^a Museum of Anatomy
f^M^ lCSiaißllTST.tet.6tli4Tti,S.r.Cai.
ST« !■ The Lsrt«taf iv kind In the Warld.
i«^^> * OR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
aVT^B X. Cotnult»t!»n fre«. Writ* tot Book
Mr | (^PhifoTophif^riifaV.agf-
a a hailco rue.
Face to Face
The pleasure of a confidential chat
is doubled by the sweet breath that
goes with a well-ordered system.
And that is always insured by
Sweet breath, bright eye, RIPANS • TABULHS
clear complexion,
RIPANS • TABULES
0 o o o o ooooooooooooa
S w PALACE «*"§
GRAND HOTBLB*
!: SAN FRAHCtSCO. -
JT Connected by a covered pasaagaway. Jjf
•* 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attaoh«d. «
O All Under One Management. Q
Q 17018 PRICES: - Q
b European . 31 .00 per day and upward M
W American Plan. s3. per day and upward U
Q Correspondence Solicited. A
fa ■ JOES 0. KHKPATRIOX, Kaaaftr. q
QjQ OOOQOQOOQOOOQO Oil
MAKE PERFECT MEN
J- -<-**V DO.VOTDESrAIRt DonotSuf.
" /?^^S£v\. f * r I^>ng erl The jot» and ambitions of
*^*^*^ra% '" c can ' Je reB^ ore " to you. Tho verr
: fi*/ W?) worst canes of NerToaa Debility ar«
a absolutely DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The Tery
worst canes of N> rvou« Debility art
absolutely cured by PJEKFECTO
"JKi TABLETS. Gire prompt relief to in-
VSSK. "^T^jSso'nnla, falling memory and the wast*
OsS\tSp7£sslr and drain of rltal powers, incurred by
*Tla^32P indiscretions or excesses of early year*.
i-'VSU^—- Impart and potency to eTery
tlon. Brace np the system. Giro j«?3v bloom to tha
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of #_HT«"\ roong or oltt.
One 50c box renews vital energy, A*J6 boxes at
6a.soacorapleteiruaranteedcureTgftWor money re-
funded. Can be carried In vest > *«s*' pocket. Sold
eTerywhere.or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt o?
price by TilK PKRFECTO CO., Caxtoa Bldg., Chlr.ro, 111.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. Ban Fran, and Oaklani.
DR.MCNULTY7
riIHIS WELL-KNOWN AND KELIABLE OLD
JL Specialist cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'rV experience.
Patients cured ftt Home. Terms reasonable. Hourq9
to3daily;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tatlonf reeandsacredly confidential. Call.oraddreaa
I>r. P. ROSCOE JIcMLTV, ■'-
2&i4 Rearnv St.. Kan Francisco, CaL